 La Sept is a 1989 promotional album of music for La Sept written by Michael Nyman and performed by the Michael Nyman Band. It is Nyman's fourteenth release. Gabrielle Lester makes her debut with the band on this album. After a 13-year hiatus (at least from recording) with the band she would replace the departing Alexander Balanescu as concertmaster for The Michael Nyman Band during the recording of Facing Goya and as of 2008 remains in that position.
 Epikindyna Paihnidia (Dangerous games) is the debut album by popular Greek artist Elli Kokkinou. It was released in 1999 by Sony Music Greece. This album is currently out of print.
 Thug Thisle is a studio album by rapper Killa Tay in 2000.
 Chapter VI is the fifth studio album by Swedish doom metal band Candlemass released in 1992. This was the first Candlemass album not to feature Messiah Marcolin on vocals since their 1986 debut Epicus Doomicus Metallicus. On this one Thomas Vikström took his place. After poor sales of the album Candlemass subsequently disbanded in early 1994 only to reform three years later.
 Untilted is Autechre's eighth album. Warp Records released the album in Europe on 18 April 2005 and in North America on 19 April 2005 while Beat Records released it in Japan on 9 April 2005. The album charted at #199 in the UK.A phony version of the album was leaked on file sharing networks simultaneously to the actual album's promotional leak. It became so widespread that Sean Booth commented in an interview The more fakes the merrier we’ve released fakes ourselves but not this time.
 The Iron Stone is an album released in 2006 by Robin Williamson. This album is the third in a trio of Robin Williamson albums on ECM Records. The Yellow Snake and The Iron Stone are originally from the album Wee Tam and the Big Huge by The Incredible String Band Verses At Ellesmere and Political lies are from Ten of Songs.
 Da Drought 3 is a two-disc mixtape by Lil Wayne released on April 13 2007
 En spjutkastares visor(English: Songs of the javelin thrower) is a music album recorded by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk in 1980. Recorded in Helsinki Finland the album contains older Finnish popular melodies from Tapio Rautavaara Konsta Jylhä and others. Rautavara was also a successful javelin thrower and his gold medal in 1948 Olympic games is referred in the album title.
 Mr. Lover Lover redirects here. For Shaggy's greatest hits album see Mr. Lover Lover - The Best of Shaggy... Part 1. Boombastic is the third studio album released by Jamaican artist Shaggy. The album was released on July 11 1995. The album spawned five singles: In The Summertime a cover of a Mungo Jerry classic Boombastic which peaked at number 1 on the UK Singles Chart at 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 and at number 1 on the U.S.
 A Different Shade is a 2007 album from Swedish singer Erik Segerstedt released on February 1 2007 and debuted at number 2 on the Swedish album chart. The album spawned two singles Can't Say I'm Sorry a number-one single and How Did we Change a number-two single.
 Kim Appleby is the solo debut album by British singer Kim Appleby.With the aid of her boyfriend ex-Bros bassist Craig Logan Kim launched a solo career with much of her debut solo album composed of songs cowritten with her sister Mel for what was intended to be the next Mel and Kim album.
 Loverly is an album by American jazz singer Cassandra Wilson released in 2008.
 Saints is Destroy the Runner's debut album released through Solid State Records on September 12 2006. It is also the only album to feature Kyle Setter as lead vocalist and Jeremiah Crespo as bassist.
 Live at the Monterey Festival is a live album by the San Francisco rock band Jefferson Airplane which was released in the United Kingdom and Europe by Thunderbolt Records in 1991. The album was authorized by the band and features the entire set from the group's June 17 1967 performance at the Monterey Pop Festival. The album marked the first time that Jefferson Airplane's entire Monterey Pop Festival performance had been given a release by a legitimate record company.
 Nothing to Lose is the fourth album of the Danish soft rock band Michael Learns to Rock. It was released in 1997.
 Tamo gdje ljubav počinje is the fourth studio album from the Sarajevo-based Bosnian pop rock band Crvena Jabuka released in 1989.This album is mostly centered on love songs and had six singles. After the release of this album there was a tour that lasted to near the start of 1990.
 Sanctuary is an album supporting charity which was recorded in July 2007 at Glenstal Abbey Co. Limerick Ireland. The album features artists Moya Brennan Mary Coughlan Nóirín Ní Riain Cara O'Sullivan Jimmy O'Brien-Moran the Monks of Glenstal and many others. The genres of music include Traditional Irish folk Gregorian chant contemporary popular and classical.All profits from the album will go to charities supporting victims of domestic violence in Ireland.
 Time is the last studio album by the classic Klinik line up of Dirk Ivens and Marc Verhaeghen. Due to mounting tensions and musical differences Ivens left shortly after the recording to pursue a solo career as Dive.The CD release contains the Plague album as a bonus. Plague has never been released as a separate CD.
 Dreamland Manor is the debut album of German power metal band Savage Circus. The album sounds similar to older classic Blind Guardian.
 In a World Like This is the eighth studio album (seventh in the United States) by the Backstreet Boys released on July 30 2013 through the band's own record label K-BAHN. A follow-up to 2009's This Is Us it is the first album featuring all five original members since Kevin Richardson left the group in 2006 to focus on his family and pursue other interests. Richardson rejoined the group in 2012. It was also their first independent album since leaving their old label Jive Records in 2010.
 Dead Plane is an EP released by Los Angeles-based band No Age on Los Angeles's Teenage Teardrops label. It was limited to 500 copies and of those 500 copies pressed 400 are blue vinyl and 100 on grey/beige swirl vinyl. The EP was mastered by Peter Lyman who did the same for the other EPs and singles by No Age. The EP is one of five limited edition singles and EPs released by No Age on five different labels on the same day March 26 2007. There are two covers one a special edition.
 #1 is an EP by Suburban Kids with Biblical Names released in 2004 by Labrador Records. Rent a Wreck ended up being on their #3 album and Love Will as well as Trumpets and Violins were bonus US/UK tracks. Do It All Or Don't Do It at All is the only track from #1 that wasn't carried on to #3.
 For the song of the same name see Velkommen til Medina (song)Velkommen til Medina (Danish for Welcome to Medina) is the second studio album by the Danish pop singer Medina. It was produced by Providers and Motrack and released on August 31 2009 in Denmark.The lead single of the album Kun for mig was the best selling single of 2009 in Denmark with more than 60000 units. By January 2010 the single had spent 52 non-consecutive weeks on the Danish Singles Chart six of them at #1.
 Monkey Me is the ninth studio album by French singer-songwriter Mylène Farmer and her 18th album overall. Preceded by the lead single À l'ombre which peaked at number-one in France the album was released on 3 December 2012. Despite mixed reviews from critics it entered the French album chart at number one on 15 December 2012 selling 147530 units in its first week which was a record.
 The Other Side of Benny Golson is the third album by saxophonist Benny Golson featuring performances recorded in late 1958 and originally released on the Riverside label.
 The Unnatural World is second studio album by the American shoegazing band Have a Nice Life. It was released on February 4 2014 via The Flenser and the band's own record label Enemies List Home Recordings. It is a follow up to 2008's Deathconsciousness and 2010's Time of Land EP.The tracks Defenestration Song and Burial Society premiered on December 2013 and January 2014 respectively. The full album was streamed by Pitchfork Media from January 20 2014 to January 27 2014.
 Definition is an EP released by Jersey for Fueled by Ramen on May 8 2001.
 Final Bell/Ghost in the Ruins is a live album by Savatage in tribute to the memory of the early departed Criss Oliva.
 In the Beginning (Circa 1960) is the first consolidated American packaging of the 1962 German album by Tony Sheridan and The Beatles (credited as The Beat Brothers) called My Bonnie. In the Beginning (Circa 1960) was released by Polydor Records in 1970 (catalogue number 24-4504.) It was recorded in Hamburg in 1961. This album was originally released as The Beatles' First in Germany in 1964 and in the United Kingdom in 1967.
 Evolve is the second EP by American deathcore band Chelsea Grin released on June 19 2012 through Artery Recordings. It is the first release by the band with guitarist Jason Richardson taking up lead guitar since his departure from Born of Osiris and the last release to feature Andrew Carlston on drums. Evolve was mixed by Jason Suecof and was engineered by famed metal producer and Dååth guitarist Eyal Levi.
 Vila (trans. Fairy) is the third studio album by Bosniak recording artist Emina Jahović which was released on 21 May 2009 by PGP RTS. Because Jahović signed a contract with PGP RTS she was banned on RTV Pink a famous Serbian TV network that supports artists from City Records which released Emina's first two albums.
 Simpatico is the ninth album by British band The Charlatans released on 17 April 2006 everywhere but the U.S. where it was released on 2 May 2006. The album incorporates hints of dub and reggae into the band's traditional sound and debuted at #10 on the UK album chart.The title 'Simpatico' means Pleasing likeable; congenial understanding; sensitive sympathetic according to the Oxford English Dictionary [1].
 Andiamo is the second album released by punk band Authority Zero. It was released on June 30 2004 on Lava Records and includes the single Revolution (which is also included on the compilation album Rock Against Bush Vol. 1) and a cover of the Wall of Voodoo song Mexican Radio with small lyrical changes included to include the song as the band's statement against the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
 Whispermoon is the first full-length studio album by Listener. It was released on July 29 2003 on Mush Records.
 Jesus não Tem Dentes no País dos Banguelas (Portuguese for Jesus Has no Teeth in the Land of the Toothless) is the fourth studio album by Brazilian rock band Titãs. It was released in 1987. Mixing punk rock with samplers it debuted in the 1988 Hollywood Rock. The song Comida voted by the Brazilian edition of Rolling Stone as the 68th greatest Brazilian song.
 Athens Concert is a live album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd and the greek singer Maria Farantouri. Recorded in 2010 by the Charles Lloyd Quartet with Maria Farantouri and released on the ECM label.
 Rest Proof Clockwork is Plaid's second album released after leaving Black Dog Productions. The track 3 Recurring contains spectrographically inserted images of the number 3 as on the logo of the cover of their album Not for Threes. Aphex Twin and Venetian Snares have released tracks with similarly hidden images.
 I Liked It Better When You Had No Heart is the fifth full-length studio album by Butch Walker released under the name Butch Walker and the Black Widows. On January 5 2010 Walker released Trash Day as the first single backed with the track She Likes Hair Bands. The complete track list was made available on Butch's website in February 2010. The vinyl release was February 2 2010 with the CD/digital release following on February 23 2010.
 Amaranth is the first studio album of the Korean pop-ballad duo Davichi released on January 28 2008. Actress Lee Mi-yeon and former labelmate Lee Hyori starred in the music video for their debut single I Love You Even Though I Hate You. Many composers contributed to the album including Cho Young Soo Ahn Min Young and Park Geun Tae.
 Caitlin & Will – EP is the only release from Can You Duet winners Caitlin & Will. The EP was released on March 31 2009 on Columbia Records' Nashville division. It features six songs including their only single Address in the Stars which reached a peak of number 42 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.Your Tears Are Comin' was previously recorded by Montgomery Gentry on their 2006 album Some People Change.
 Rogha: The Best of Clannad is the fourth greatest hits album released by Irish group Clannad. The word rogha is the Irish word for choice; it's pronounced row-ah (row as in an argument).
 At Vine St. Live is a 1991 live album by Anita O'Day.
 Dos EPs is a compilation album by rock trio Nebula. It contains the Nebula songs from the Nebula/Lowrider EP Sun Creature EP and 3 new songs.
 How Insensitive is the fourteenth album by American pianist and arranger Duke Pearson featuring performances by Pearson's band augmented by a choir recorded over three sessions in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Misty Roses was an LP album featuring The Sandpipers released by A&M Records in 1967. It peaked at number 35 on The Billboard 200.The album reached #135 on the Billboard chart and the first track Cuando Salí de Cuba made #3 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart.
 Greasy Love Songs is a compilation album by Frank Zappa released in 2010. The album consists of the original vinyl mix of Cruising with Ruben & the Jets with bonus material including previously unreleased tracks from the original sessions the single version of Jelly Roll Gum Drop and audio documentary material. The album is designated as a Project/Object Audio Documentary following MOFO and Lumpy Money.
 Superjudge is the second full length album by Monster Magnet released on April 6 1993 (see 1993 in music).
 Mass Grave Aesthetics is a 19-minute EP containing a single song recorded by the French black metal band Deathspell Omega. Mass Grave Aesthetics was released through Norma Evangelium Diaboli on 8 December 2008.
 Dust is the debut album by Dust released by Kama Sutra Records in 1971.
 Nueva Ilussion (Eng.: New Illusion) is the first studio album released by Mexican band Majestad de la Sierra. The album was supposed to be released in late December but was pushed back to March 10 2009.
 Cootie Williams and His Orchestra 1941–1944 is a compilation album of recordings from 1941 1942 and 1944 that jazz trumpeter Cootie Williams made with his orchestra and in smaller groups released on Classics in 1995. The 1942–44 musicians' strike explains the lack of sessions from 1943.
 On the Eve of Destruction: 1991–1995 is a compilation album by the Detroit Michigan punk rock band The Suicide Machines released in 2005 by Noise Riot Records. It collects nearly all the tracks from the band's early releases including The Essential Kevorkian and Green World demos the Vans Song single and other demos and rare tracks. Several of the songs were re-recorded for the band's debut album Destruction by Definition in 1996 but appear here in early rawer forms.
 Selfcaged is an EP by Swedish metal band Meshuggah. It was released in 1995 through Nuclear Blast.The album art created by artist Alex Grey features the centerpiece of his work Deities and Demons Drinking from the Milky Pool.
 Music Is My Sanctuary is an album by American jazz musician Gary Bartz. It was released in 1977 on Capitol Records.
 Glee: The Music The Rocky Horror Glee Show is the third extended play (EP) by the cast of the musical television series Glee released on October 19 2010. It contains seven songs and accompanies the episode The Rocky Horror Glee Show originally aired October 26 2010 on Fox. The Halloween episode sees the glee club recreating the 1973 comedy horror musical The Rocky Horror Show written and composed by Richard O'Brien. Dante Di Loreto and Brad Falchuk serve as the executive producers.
 30 Éxitos Insuperables (English 30 Insuperable Hits) is the 5th compilation album by Mexican pop singer Mijares.
 New Dimensions is an EP from underground Hip hop duo Zion I released on cassette in 1998 two years before their debut album Mind Over Matter. The only song exclusive to the EP is the title track New Dimensions. Inner Light and Rap Degreez were both featured on the Inner Light single and Venus was featured as the B-side on the duo's single Critical. All three were later included on Mind Over Matter.
 Get Out is the first compilation album of remixed studio and live tracks by folk rock band Capercaillie originally issued in 1992 and rereleased in 1999 by Survival Records with five bonus tracks. It was reissued in North America by Valley Entertainment in 2002 with new artwork.
 Black Merda is the self-titled debut album by the Detroit rock band Black Merda. It was released in 1970 by Chess Records. The original album was long out of print before being reissued on CD by TuffCity Records in 1996. All of the album’s tracks are also collected on the 2005 Black Merda compilation The Folks From Mother's Mixer.
 Wait is an EP released by the band Emanuel Nice. It was released by the German label Roddog Records.
 Absolutely No Alternative is the eighth studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Anvil.First release with Glenn Five Gyorffy on bass replacing Michael Duncan.
 Sonic Orb is the EP by the Dutch doom metal band Celestial Season. It was released on Displeased Records in 1995. This was the first album featuring new vocalist Cyril Crutz and changing style to stoner metal while old doom metal influences are still strong.
 Up Tight! is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1961 and released on the Prestige label. The album was recorded at the same sessions that produced Boss Soul!.
 Am Ende der Sonne is the second solo album of the German musician Farin Urlaub released in 2005. The title translates to At Sun's end.
 Doom VI – Illegal Soul is the fifth studio album by the Japanese band Doom.
 Honey I'm Home is the fourth studio by Al B. Sure! released on June 23 2009 by Hidden Beach Recordings. It's his first release of new material since 1992's Sexy Versus.
 A Change Of Scenery is an album by the Maryland-based progressive bluegrass band The Seldom Scene. It's a first album for vocalist/guitarists Lou Reid and for bassist T. Michael Coleman.
 Death of the Sun is the fifth album by Cul de Sac released on February 18 2003 through Strange Attractors Audio House.
 At Long Last is a 1998 studio album by Rosemary Clooney accompanied by the Count Basie Orchestra.This was Clooney's first recording with the Basie band. Clooney had previously made an album with Duke Ellington Blue Rose in 1956. Fifteen years after Count Basie's death the Count Basie Orchestra is featured here as a ghost band led by Grover Mitchell
 The Trouble with Angels is American band Filter's fifth studio album. It was released on August 17 2010 through Rocket Science Ventures in North America and Nuclear Blast in Europe. The first single from the album The Inevitable Relapse was released for free on the band's official website on May 26 2010. The album debuted at number 64 on Billboard's Top 200 selling 6300 copies.
 Walkabout is the fourth studio album by British new wave band The Fixx released in 1986. The first single Secret Separation spent two weeks atop the Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart in July 1986 to become the band's second No. 1 single on this chart.
 Three Imaginary Boys is the debut studio album by English alternative rock band The Cure who were at that time a three-piece band. It was released on 8 May 1979 by record label Fiction. It was later released in the United States and Australia with a different song line-up as Boys Don't Cry.
 Country Versatile is the debut album released by rap group Dirty. It was independently released on July 13 1999 through Nfinity Music.
 The Rest Is History is the second studio album by British pop duo Same Difference. The album will be released on 7 February 2011. The first single from the album Shine On Forever (Photo Frame) was released in August 2010 hitting the top ten in the UK Dance Chart and peaking at #100 on the UK Singles Chart.In January 2011 an album megamix was released to fans who signed up to Same Difference's mailing list.
 Underground is the third album by rapper Jayo Felony. The album was released in 1999 for Eureka Records and was produced by Laness Daniel and DJ Silk. The album was not a critical or commercial success like his previous album Whatcha Gonna Do? and did not chart on any album charts.
 Sleep of the Angels is the fifth full-length album by Greek black metal band Rotting Christ.Like previous releases A Dead Poem and Triarchy of the Lost Lovers the band refined their direction to a slower style with more emphasis on atmosphere and melodicism than brutality. Despite mixed critical consensus of the album it would be supported during the band's first-ever tour in the United States.
 It Always Will Be is a 2004 album by country singer Willie Nelson. It includes a cover of the Allman Brothers Band's Midnight Rider recorded here as a duet with Toby Keith. This cover was released but did not chart.
 Sleeper Catcher is the fourth album by the Little River Band released during 1978. It reached #16 in the United States on the Billboard Top LPs & Tapes chart. The album was certified Platinum by the RIAA in 1979. From this album the band earned its first two top ten U.S. successes with the songs Reminiscing and Lady.On July 30 2010 the album became available for download (in digitally remastered form) at the iTunes Store.
 Hello Love is the third album by The Be Good Tanyas released in 2006. Two tracks on the CD include special guest musicians Old Crow Medicine Show.
 Day of Mourning is the fourth and final studio album by Canadian deathcore band Despised Icon. It was released September 22 through Century Media Records. The album is featured in four different editions including; the standard the United States exclusive Hot Topic edition the Europe Exclusive LTD digipak edition the iTunes edition and the Japanese edition.
 Electric Light Orchestra Live is a live album by Electric Light Orchestra. It was released on 19 April 2013 in the UK and on 23 April in the US on Frontiers. The album consists of performances from their 2001 Zoom Tour Live PBS taping at CBS Television City in Los Angeles along with two previously unreleased studio tracks.
 Miss Patti's Christmas is the second holiday album and so far latest studio offering from singer Patti LaBelle. Released on the Def Soul Classics label it was the diva's first Def Jam recording since abruptly leaving the label in 2006 over a dispute with then-president Antonio L.A. Reid. The album was produced by Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis.
 Threnody is the second album from Swedish melodic death metal/industrial band Engel. This is the final Engel release with Daniel Mojjo Moilanen on drums. Threnody was finished by the end of 2008 but due to issues with their former label SPV GmbH the release of the album was delayed.Music videos were released for the demo version of Elbow And Knives (entitled Someone Died (Made You God)) Sense the Fire and Six Feet Deep.
 The Door is the second album by Steve Lacy to be released on the RCA Novus label. It was released in 1989 and features four of Lacy's compositions and one each by Monk Bud Powell Duke Ellington and George Handy performed by Lacy Bobby Few Steve Potts Jean-Jacques Avenel Oliver Johnson and Irene Aebi with Sam Woodyard guesting on one track recorded shortly before his death.
 The Glad Fact is the second album by experimental rock band Dirty Projectors and the first released under the band's name and not just front man Dave Longstreth's. It is the first album to contain songs about finches and cars recurring themes in Dirty Projectors albums. Most songs are closer to the style of The Graceful Fallen Mango than the heavier bass and glitch-style songs of The Getty Address or simple ballads on Slaves' Graves and Ballads.
 Into the Plateau is the second studio album by Spanish alternative dance band Delorean released in July 2006 by BCore.
 Escape from the Shadow is the 18th studio album from the rock group Magnum (including Keeping the Nite Light Burning and ignoring Evolution). Escape From the Shadow Garden was released on 19 March 2014 in Scandinavia 21 March in Germany Austria and Switzerland 24 March in the rest of Europe and 1 April in the USA and Canada.
 Aoi Yoru Shiroi Yoru Complete Edition is an X Japan box set released on July 25 2007 as a limited edition. It collects the Aoi Yoru and Shiroi Yoru concert DVDs released separately on the same day along with a DVD of an interview with Yoshiki and a CD version of the Longing ~Togireta Melody~ demo tape (often mistaken as Fumikireta Melody) which was originally distributed at the concerts on December 30 and 31 1994.
 Immune is the third studio album by Soul Embraced released on February 25 2003.
 Firecracker is the third album by The Wailin' Jennys.The album was rated the #2 folk album of 2006 in North America by total airplay and the #1 Canadian album. The initial track The Devil's Paintbrush Road by Annabelle Chvostek was rated the #1 Canadian song for 2006 by total airplay.The album was nominated for the 2007 Juno Award for Roots and Traditional Album of the Year by a Group and for Contemporary Folk Album of the Year by the North American Folk Alliance.
 Third is a 1970 double LP by Soft Machine with each side of the original vinyl consisting of a single long composition. Its music explores the emerging jazz fusion of the type present on Miles Davis' Bitches Brew which was released just a few months earlier.
 Crystal Waters is the third studio album by singer-songwriter Crystal Waters released on June 24 1997 by Mercury Records/Polygram. It includes her third pop crossover hit Say... If You Feel Alright produced by Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis. Just a Freak featuring Dennis Rodman was a club hit and while not issued as a single Spin Me feat.
 Tolmo (Greek: Τολμώ; English: I dare) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. It was released in December 1988 by Minos EMI in Greece and it went gold selling over 50000 units.This album was issued in mono and stereo. The stereo version of this album was released on CD in the 1990s. On October 1 2002 was re-issued on a CD compilation album together with the 1989 album Eisai Mia Thiella by Capitol Records/Minos EMI.
 The Dance of Life is the second 1979 studio disc from R&B singer-songwriter/drummer/producer Narada Michael Walden. Unlike his last two releases it featured several songs Walden co-wrote with other people (such as Allee Willis and guitarist Corrado Pat Rustici); unlike his discs up to this one it featured only eight songs not nine (yet was a half-minute longer than his last disc).
 Slaves for Life is the debut album by Israeli folk/progressive metal band Amaseffer released on June 6 2008 in Israel and June 24 2008 worldwide by InsideOut Music.The album is the first in a trilogy of albums telling the old testament's story of the Exodus from the Hebrew slavery period in ancient Egypt through the years in the desert and up to the entrance of the twelve tribes of Israel to the promised land of Canaan (later Israel).
 Gary Burton Quartet in Concert is a live album by vibraphonist Gary Burton recorded in 1968 at Carnegie Hall and released on the RCA label.
 Live at Brixton Academy (released as Dido Live on Region 1) is a live album and DVD set by Dido released on 2005. It was recorded over three nights in August 2004 at Brixton Academy in London during the Life For Rent tour. The DVD release includes a bonus audio CD which contains twelve of the recorded tracks in a slightly modified order.
 Antique is an EP consisting of remixes from Antique's hit singles Opa Opa and Dinata Dinata. It was released on October 18 2000 by Popular Records.
 Bodies' Warmth is the fourteenth album by saxophonist Eric Kloss which was recorded in 1975 and released on the Muse label.
 Sueño de Fantasía is the second album from Mexican singer Erik Rubin. It was released in July 1995 and included the singles Sueño de fantasía and Mi niña.
 Billboard Top Rock'n'Roll Hits: 1955 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1988 featuring 10 hit recordings from 1955. The volume is the first in a series of albums by Rhino Records that chronicled years in music starting from 1955 and continuing through 1995.Each of the albums issued in the series included a Time Capsule in its liner notes.
 Smoke 'em if You Got 'em is the first album by psychobilly trio The Reverend Horton Heat. It was released in November 1990 on Sub Pop.
 Stereo is an album and the only full-length release by American indie rock band Christie Front Drive.The album was released in 1996 by Caulfield Records and re-released on June 15th 2010 by Magic Bullet Records.
 The Very Best of The Farm is an album released in May 2001 by Liverpool-based The Farm although by this time they had long disbanded. It includes all of the songs from their debut album Spartacus excluding remix versions.
 Sunshine Superman is the third album from British singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in the US in September 1966 but was not released in the UK because of a contractual dispute. In June 1967 a compilation of the Sunshine Superman and Mellow Yellow albums was released as Sunshine Superman in the UK. Sunshine Superman was named after Donovan's hit single released in the US in July 1966.
 Badlands: A Tribute to Bruce Springsteen's Nebraska is a tribute album containing songs by artists inspired and influenced by Bruce Springsteen's 1982 album Nebraska. It was released by Sub Pop Records in November 2000.A portion of the worldwide sales of this record has been donated to the Nobel Prize-winning organization Médecins Sans Frontières.
 A Real Swedish Live Show is an 12 vinyl live album by Psychic TV using the name Psychick Television. This is the 16th in a series of 23 PTV live-albums and was recorded at Kolingsborg in Stockholm on December 6 1984.
 Brilliance is the fourth studio album by Atlantic Starr. This album featured hit singles Love Me Down and Circles.
 Changes Come is a live album by Over the Rhine released in 2004 documenting their 2003 tour in support of Ohio.
 Feeling Good was an LP album by Julie London released by Liberty Records under catalog number LRP-3416 as a monophonic recording and catalog number LST-7416 in stereo in 1965.
 The Arcade is the debut album of Hyper Crush which was self-released on May 1 2008. It is the follow up to Mixtape Volume 1 and features two songs Disco Tech and Slow Motion from the mixtape.
 The Ultimate Collection is a greatest hits compilation album released by Italian opera tenor Luciano Pavarotti. It was released in the UK on September 10 2007 four days after Pavarotti's death.The album includes 20 of his very well known hits (including the smash hit Nessun Dorma) plus an extra track called Live Like Horses (a collaboration with Elton John).
 Oscar Peterson Meets Roy Hargrove and Ralph Moore is a 1996 album by Oscar Peterson.
 The Forbidden Zone OST is the soundtrack to Forbidden Zone the 1982 cult film directed by Richard Elfman. The film's music was composed by Danny Elfman and performed by The Mystic Knights of the Oingo Boingo. The original LP version contained 18 tracks. In 1990 it was released with two additional tracks. A 22-track version is also known to exist.
 Under the Counter is the third studio album by Welsh rap group Goldie Lookin Chain. It was released on 17 March 2008 under Shellshock Records after the group were dropped from their previous label Warner Music Group. It contains various demos and songs left over from the recording sessions of the previous two albums.
 Legend is a music production album by the group Two Steps from Hell released in 2008. However this was made available only to clients promoting motion picture advertising. It consists of three discs: two CDs and a DVD. The first CD contains 20 tracks the second one 17 which makes including the alternate versions on the DVD a total of 72 tracks. The album was recorded in Czech Republic and Los Angeles at Capitol Studios. The tracks are composed by Thomas J.
 Kelly Blue is an album by American jazz pianist Wynton Kelly released in 1959.
 Seasons of Tragedy is the second studio album by the American heavy metal band Benedictum released through Locomotive Records in 2008.
 Whiskey Drinking Woman is a music album by the Swedish Heavy metal band Overload. It was released 1990. It was their debut album it was produced by Overload and Bror Törnell.
 The Thousandaire is an album by Vallejo California rapper Jay Tee from N2Deep/Latino Velvet.
 Not Just a Pretty Face is a comedy album by British comedian Rowan Atkinson.
 Pauline Croze is the first album by Pauline Croze recorded in 2004 and released in February 2005 containing songs by Doriand and by Mickaël Furnon of the group Mickey 3D.
 The music of the video game Final Fantasy V was composed by regular series composer Nobuo Uematsu. The Final Fantasy V Original Sound Version a compilation of almost all of the music in the game was released by Square Co./NTT Publishing and subsequently re-released by NTT Publishing after the game was brought to North America as part of the Final Fantasy Anthology.
 Released is a special South African only compilation album released by Irish boyband Westlife. The album was released on 31 March 2005 in support of the group's Asian leg of their Face To Face Tour. The album consists of a range of well known hits remixes b-sides and international language versions. Don't Calm The Storm and I Won't Let You Down were released to South African radio charts to promote the album where both charted at #8.
 Gangsta Harmony is the debut album by singer/producer Mo B. Dick. It was released on April 13 1999 through No Limit Records and was produced by Mo B. Dick himself and the other members of Beats By the Pound. Gangsta Harmony wasn't much of a success only peaking at #66 on the Billboard 200 and #16 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. There was a promotional video for the single Shoot' m up Movies. Master P Snoop Dogg & Mystikal was not feature on it.
 The Faust Tapes is a 1973 album by the German krautrock group Faust. The album sold well in the United Kingdom (50000 copies) because of a marketing gimmick by Virgin Records that saw it go on sale for the price of a single. This exposure introduced British audiences to Faust.Recommended Records reissued the album on LP in 1980 and on CD in 1996 and 2001.
 Getting There is a 1988 release by John Abercrombie featuring his working trio of the time including bassist Marc Johnson and drummer Peter Erskine. Additionally tenor saxophonist Michael Brecker makes guest appearances on three tracks. The track Remember Hymn has since become a jazz standard appearing in the Sher Music Co. publication The New Real Book Volume One.
 Fallin is Tay Kewei's second label album released on February 14 2012.
 Faith is the fourth studio album by the Belgian rock band Rise and Fall. The album was released on March 20 2012 in the United States through Deathwish Inc.. A music video for the song Hidden Hands was released in February 2012.
 Como un Campo de Maíz (Like a Cornfield) is an album released by Cuban singer-songwriter Pablo Milanés in September 25 2005. The album earned Milanés a Latin Grammy Award for Best Singer-Songwriter Album.
 Avril Lavigne is the self-titled fifth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne released on 1 November 2013 by Sony Music Entertainment. The album is a follow-up to her 2011 effort Goodbye Lullaby and was developed short after its release. Lavigne collaborated with numerous producers including Martin Johnson of Boys Like Girls Peter Svensson David Hodges Matt Squire and her husband Chad Kroeger of Nickelback.
 Beautiful Road is singer Kate Taylor's fourth album released in 2003.After Taylor's previous album 1979's It's in There failed to reach its public Taylor took a break from the music industry for the next two decades during which time she appeared sporadically as a performer and back-up singer for various other artists not releasing another album until Beautiful Road in 2003.The album contained new material and not the primarily covers of her previous work.
 Sing! Sing! Sing! was John Pizzarelli's only record on the P-Vine Records label before signing with Chesky Records performing without his usual ensemble and joined by Eddie Daniels.
 Dark Funeral is the debut EP by Swedish black metal band Dark Funeral. It was released in 1994.
 Words of Truth is Jamaican reggae singer Sizzla's ninth album. It was released on VP Records on August 29 2000 and contains a bonus live CD recorded at the Brixton Academy. All songs are written by Sizzla and produced by Xterminator's Philip Fatis Burrell musicians on the album include Sly Dunbar and Dean Fraser.
 Damas y Caballeros! (Ladies and Gentlemen) is the first live album by American instrumental rock band Los Straitjackets released on February 27 2001 by Yep Roc Records. It was recorded in September 2000 at a performance in Long Beach California and produced by Mark Linett and the band.
 Guilty is the third studio album by English boy band Blue. It was released on 3 November 2003 in the United Kingdom and on 25 November in the United States. It debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart after its release and it was certified 2x Platinum in December 2003.The album was particularly successful in the UK Europe Japan and New Zealand and has sold more than 2.5 million copies worldwide.
 More Power! is an album by saxophonist Dexter Gordon which was recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label.
 Curtains is the ninth solo album by John Frusciante released on February 1 2005 on Record Collection. The album is primarily an acoustic album in contrast to his previous collaboration with Josh Klinghoffer A Sphere in the Heart of Silence which was mostly electronic.
 Sirens is an album by American singer-songwriter S. J. Tucker released in 2006 (See 2006 in music).
 WWF Forceable Entry is a compilation album released by the World Wrestling Federation in 2002. This was the last album sold under the WWF name (the company changed its name to World Wrestling Entertainment about a month later). It features mostly rock bands performing versions of each wrestlers entrance music. The album had a sequel released in May 2006. It was the first album the WWF/WWE released under a deal with Columbia Records.
 Bi-Polar is the fourth studio album by Vanilla Ice. Released by Ultrax Records it is the rapper's second independent release after Hooked. The song Unbreakable was remade in Dance Dance Revolution II as Still Unbreakable with additional verses from Vanilla Ice himself and production from Konami in house artist Des-ROW.
 White Teeth Black Thoughts is the sixth studio album by American band the Cherry Poppin' Daddies released on July 16 2013 on Space Age Bachelor Pad Records.Following the predominant world music slant of 2008's Susquehanna and the 2009 ska album Skaboy JFK White Teeth Black Thoughts marks the Cherry Poppin' Daddies' first album since their 1997 compilation Zoot Suit Riot to focus exclusively on swing and jazz music eschewing the ska rock and pop influences which typically feature on their albums.A two-disc deluxe version of White Teeth Black Thoughts was released concurrently with the main swing album featuring an additional full-length album of material composed in an Americana vein covering rockabilly country and western swing.
 Dust on Mother's Bible is an album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos released in 1966. It reached Number one on the Billboard Country charts.It was re-released on CD in 2003 by Sundazed Records.
 The Boys of the Lough is a folk album by The Boys of the Lough originally released in 1973 by Trailer catalogue number LER 2086. The album was produced by Bill Leader. The painting of the group reproduced on the original LP cover was by Sandy Cheyne.This is the first Boys of the Lough album.
 The Process of Self-Development is the third studio album by Candiria. Released on August 3 1999 it was their last album on MIA before moving to Century Media Records. Allmusic reviewer Heather Phares wrote that the album pack[s] a punch and bring[s] the funk.
 VH1: Storytellers was a live concert tour by Meat Loaf which one concert was played on the channel VH1. Meat Loaf told humorous stories of his career as a singer and how he unfolded into rock stardom. The DVD version has two additional songs. Some songs on the CD are taken from Meat Loaf's Hard Rock Live performance (also for VH1). Others were taken from the pre-show soundcheck.The show was to have been Meat and Jim Steinman together.
 LeToya is the debut studio album by American R&B singer and former Destiny's Child member LeToya Luckett released by Capitol Records on July 25 2006 in the United States. The album spawned three singles: Torn She Don't and Obvious. Besides the officially released singles LeToya's debut album also includes the promo singles U Got What I Need and All Eyes On Me. LeToya co-wrote 10 out of the 14 tracks.
 Sweatsuit is a compilation album by American rapper Nelly released on May 16 2005. The album consists of tracks from his 2004 simultaneous release Sweat and Suit. The US edition of the compilation also includes four extra tracks including Fly Away from the soundtrack of the 2005 film The Longest Yard the single Grillz featuring rappers Paul Wall and Ali & Gipp The Notorious B.I.G.
 Footprints is the latest studio album of South African hip hop artist Tuks released in 2012 in South Africa and globally through iTunes.
 Thunder After Lightning (The Uncut Demos) is the second intermediate album release from Christian rock band Downhere. This album is composed of fourteen demos which were considered for the potential inclusion on their previous release Wide-Eyed and Mystified. The CD also contains three song demos that were studio recorded and released on Wide-Eyed and Mystified; 1000 Miles Apart A Better Way and Jesus Ellipsis. The latter developed into the song now entitled The Real Jesus.
 George Jones Salutes Hank Williams is an album by American country music artist George Jones. It was released in 1960 on the Mercury Records label.
 Tracie Spencer is the self-titled debut album of the American R&B singer Tracie Spencer released in 1988. It features the Michael Jay-penned Cross My Heart which would feature (with a shorter track time and arrangement) on Martika's album of the same name which was released that same year.
 Two Feet Stand is the debut album by Swedish melodic death metal band Gardenian. It would be the only album they would record for Listenable Records before procuring a deal with Nuclear Blast.
 Electric Apricot: Quest for Festeroo is the title of the soundtrack album to the National Lampoon mockumentary of the same name written by Les Claypool. The album features five exclusive songs written and recorded by the movie's eponymous band Electric Apricot alongside tracks contributed by some well respected performers on the jam band scene.
 Poguetry in Motion is an EP by The Pogues and their first single to make the UK Top 40. It peaked at Number 29. It features the songs London Girl Rainy Night in Soho The Body of an American and Planxty Noel Hill. The band also recorded a cover of The Lovin' Spoonful's song Do You Believe In Magic but it was not included.
 Under a Blood Red Sky is a mini-LP live album by Irish rock band U2 produced by Jimmy Iovine and released in 1983. Along with its companion concert film U2 Live at Red Rocks: Under a Blood Red Sky the release helped establish U2's reputation as a live band making the band a popular live college rock act.
 Sci-Fi Crimes is the fifth studio album from the American rock band Chevelle released on August 31 2009 through Epic Records.
 Punk Goes Pop 3 is the tenth compilation album released from the Punk Goes... series created by Fearless Records to feature covers by various artists of pop songs and is the tenth album in the series overall. It was released on November 2 2010.
 Can't Get Enough is an album released October 2012 by Swedish artist Eagle-Eye Cherry his fourth studio album.
 House of Silence is the seventh studio album of German band Bad Boys Blue. It was released on October 14 1991 by Coconut Records. John McInerney performed all the songs. The record includes one single—House Of Silence. The album was certified gold in Finland in 1991.
 The Ballad of Belmarsh is the upcoming fourth studio album due to be released by British singer songwriter and rapper Plan B. The hip hop album is due for release in 2014 via Drew's own record label Pet Cemetery Records.
 In and Out of Control is the fourth album by The Raveonettes and was released October 6 2009.
 Sentimiento y Sabor is a studio album released in 1987 by the Mexican group Los Freddy's.
 Un Canto a Galicia is 1972 album by Julio Iglesias. The song of the same name was one of Iglesias's best known hits and led to him being known all over Europe and one of the top three artists in Latin America by 1975. Billboard cites it as Iglesias's first big sales success and that he also recorded it in Japanese and German with notable success in Europe Japan and Mexico.
 Youthanize is the first full length album by grindcore band The Color of Violence. It was released under Epitaph Records on April 7 2009. The album was made purely for fun as guitarist and vocalist stated It may not be groundbreaking and it may not sell any copies but we tried to be ourselves and experiment and we're all really happy with the way it turned out so fuck it.
 Of Sculptured Ivy and Stone Flowers is the second full-length studio album by Novembers Doom which was released in 1999.
 The Songstress is the debut solo album by the American R&B/soul singer Anita Baker. It was originally released in 1983 by Beverly Glen Music and was Baker's only album for that label prior to signing with Elektra Records with whom she had a string of hit albums.
 Brasil was The Manhattan Transfer's tenth album. It was released in 1987 on Atlantic records This album was a new foray for the group into Brazilian music. During the recording sessions they worked with many songwriters including Ivan Lins Milton Nascimento Djavan and Atlantic records Jazz recording artist Gilberto Gil. After the initial recording sessions the songs were re-arranged and then fitted with English lyrics.
 The John Lennon Collection is a retrospective compilation album of music from John Lennon's solo career.
 Liberty is the sixth studio album by Duran Duran released on 20 August 1990 (1990-08-20). It entered the top 10 in the UK albums chart and garnered a #6 hit for the single Serious in Japan.
 The Fear The Fear The Fear is Defiance Ohio's third full length album. The album was originally scheduled to be released on No Idea Records during the Fest in Gainesville Florida but was delayed until December 4th.As with all of the band's recordings the album is available free on the band's website.
 Rites is a double album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek recorded in 1998 and released on the ECM label.
 Jig-a-Jig is British folk metal group Skyclad's third limited edition EP. According to the band's official website it will be sold through the band's website and at gigs only. This EP features Skyclad's cover version of Jig-a-Jig by East of Eden and three tracks from the A Semblance of Normality recording sessions originally planned for a single in 2004/2005 that was never released.The title of track #3 They think it's all over is a well known quotation popular in England.
 Man Like Me is the debut album by American country music artist Bobby Pinson. It was released in 2005 by RCA Nashville and peaked at #23 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. The album includes the singles Don't Ask Me How I Know and Way Down.
 Berkshire Blues is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1965 and originally released on the Freedom label in 1977.
 Bruce Parry Presents Amazon - Tribe - Songs for Survival is a double album released by Kensaltown Records in support of a tribal peoples charity.
 A Greater Song is Paul Baloche's sixth studio album released in 2006.
 Pitch Black is an EP by Swedish extreme metal band Meshuggah. It was released on February 5 2013 on Scion AV. Pitch Black is available as a free download from the label's website. The song Pitch Black was recorded in 2003.
 That's How They Do It in Dixie: The Essential Collection is a greatest hits album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams Jr. This album was released on June 27 2006 on the Curb Records label. This album has two brand new songs That's How They Do It in Dixie and Stirrin' It Up. The former was released as a single while A Country Boy Can Survive was re-released. Both songs were made into music videos in 2006. The album debuted at No.
 The Entrance Band is the first album by the full-band version of Entrance and that act's fourth album overall.
 Probe Audio (Sound Check) is the debut solo album from Romanian rapper Guess Who. It was produced by Agresiv Sez and other producers and released April 25 2009 by Okapi Sound in Romania. It was re-released as Locul Potrivit/Probe Audio by Cat Music on December 8 2009 in Romania including three new tracks and a remix and remains one of the most critically acclaimed hip hop albums in Romania.
 Warrior is the fifth studio album by the Swedish death metal band Unleashed. It was released in 1997 on Century Media Records.
 Bullets in the Gun is the fourteenth studio album from American country artist Toby Keith. It was released in the United States on October 5 2010 through Show Dog-Universal Music. The album produced the singles Trailerhood (#19) the title track (#12) and Somewhere Else (#12) making it the first studio album of Keith's career not to produce a Top Ten hit.
 Imagine Dragons is an EP by Las Vegas rock group Imagine Dragons released in 2009 in the United States. It was recorded at Battle Born Studios. All songs were written by Imagine Dragons and self-produced. Engineering was by Robert Root. Tracks from the EP featured on Windows Media Player after the band won a competition on Reverbnation. I Need a Minute was featured on hit predictor CrazedHits.com.The track I Need a Minute cracked the CMJ Radio 200.
 The Bad the Worse and the Out of Print is a b-sides and rarities compilation album by New Jersey punk band the Bouncing Souls. It was released on August 29 2000. It includes tracks previously released on EPs and compilations which include covers and alternate versions of songs on previous albums as well as demos and outtakes.
 Cooking With Lasers is the 2002 debut album from The Baldwin Brothers.
 Churn is the debut studio album by American post-grunge band Seven Mary Three. It was independently released and preceded the band's mainstream breakthrough American Standard. Churn also included two songs that would go on to be among Seven Mary Three's biggest singles. The album was re-released several years later with different album artwork. It was again re-released on December 9 2008 via digital music sellers and the band's website.
 Career Suicide is the second LP from Lennon. It was released on September 21 2004. It contains reworkings of many of the songs that appeared on her major-label debut 5:30 Saturday Morning.
 Another Year is the third album by English singer-songwriter Leo Sayer which was released in 1975.
 Impetus is a re-release of the EP Passive Restraints by rock band Clutch with two new tracks added from the Naive compilation. It was released in 1997 and contains five tracks.
 The Craft is the third full-length album by hip hop duo Blackalicious released on ANTI- on September 27 2005. The group worked with Grammy Award-winning engineer Russell Elevado whose previous work includes D'Angelo's Voodoo Alicia Keys' Songs in A Minor and Erykah Badu's Mama's Gun. Chief Xcel went on to describe him as Blackalicious' third member.
 Oasis is a studio album by 1980s group Oasis (not the 1990s rock band of the same name). The album was recorded at Solid Bond Studios and Trident II Studios in London.It was mixed at Trident II Studios.
 Hard Core Logo released in 1998 is the soundtrack album to the Canadian film Hard Core Logo. It should not be confused with A Tribute to Hard Core Logo a mock tribute album connected to the same film released in 1996.
 Hey Joe! Hey Moe! is an album by country singers Moe Bandy and Joe Stampley released in 1981 on the Columbia label recorded and mastered at the CBS Recording Studios Nashville Tennessee.
 Hook Me Up is the second studio album by Australian duo The Veronicas which was released on 3 November 2007 (see 2007 in music) by Rhino Entertainment Sire Records and London Records. It debuted on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart at number two and has since been certified double platinum. The singles issued from the album were Hook Me Up Untouched This Love Take Me on the Floor and Popular.
 Paul McCartney Live in Los Angeles is a live album by Paul McCartney recorded during a secret performance at Amoeba Music in Hollywood California on 27 June 2007. The album was released only in the United Kingdom and Ireland through a special promotion run by The Mail on Sunday and the Irish Sunday Mail.
 The Complete Studio Recordings is a seven compact disc box set by American rock group The Doors released by Elektra on November 9 1999. It contains six of the original eight Doors albums digitally remastered with 24 bit with the inclusion of stray previously unreleased tracks that had surfaced on the The Doors: Box Set series on disc seven.The albums are placed in chronological order.
 Stretchin' Out in Bootsy's Rubber Band is the first album by American funk and soul band Bootsy's Rubber Band an offshoot act of Parliament-Funkadelic led by bassist and vocalist William Bootsy Collins. It was released on August 6 1976 on Warner Bros. Records.
 A Night at Studio 54 was a compilation disco album issued by Casablanca Records in 1979. A double album the music was segued between tracks and included music played at Studio 54 in New York City. The album peaked at #21 on the Billboard album charts. It has not been released on CD.
 My December is the third studio album by American pop rock recording artist Kelly Clarkson. The album was released on June 22 2007 throughout most of Europe (such as Germany Ireland Italy and the Netherlands) on June 23 2007 in Australia on June 25 2007 in the United Kingdom Hong Kong Poland and Mexico and on June 26 2007 in North America. Clarkson confirmed the name of the album in her journal on her fanclub website on February 27 2007.
 God Time and Causality is an album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey released in 1989.
 Baddi Eesh (Arabic: بدي عيش‎) (English: I Want To Live) is the second studio album released by Lebanese singer Haifa Wehbe. Released in early 2005 the album brought Haifa to global recognition and caused major controversies in the Arab World due to its explicit sexual and provocative tone. Baddi Eesh follows the head-turning debut of Haifa Houwa El-Zaman with bigger production and more promotion.
 Self Title (styled as self=title) is Treble Charger's EP originally released in February 1995. It was re-released by RCA on November 26 1996 and BMG in 1997. The album was nominated for Best Alternative Album at the 1997 Juno Awards.This disk featured CD-ROM contents called screen zine in the track listing profiling some of the band's friends and colleagues in the Canadian indie rock scene of the era (including Change of Heart Hayden The Inbreds Thrush Hermit and By Divine Right.)
 Key to My Life: The Collection is the third compilation album released by Irish boyband Boyzone. The album contains material recorded between 1994 and 1999 and was released on 30 January 2006 by Universal.
 Sesame Disco is an album made by the cast of Sesame Street in 1979.
 The Live Anthology is a live box set by American rock band Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers. The box set was released by Reprise Records on November 23 2009 in a number of formats with the standard CD and download formats composed of 48 tracks (on 4 discs).The album's cover artwork and packaging was designed by Shepard Fairey.
 The Smith Westerns is the self-titled debut album by the indie rock band Smith Westerns.
 Written in the Sand is a studio album by the Michael Schenker Group the first group effort after the McAuley Schenker era. Re-energized by the short-lived reunion with UFO and by the recording of Walk on Water Michael Schenker collected yet another group of players and recorded Written in the Sand.
 The Golden Age is the 9th studio album released by San Francisco-based sadcore and slowcore band American Music Club. The album is the band's second after a 10 year hiatus that ended in 2004. The album is an effort by the band to experiment more in their music. The album was produced by Dave Trumfio who has also worked for bands such as Wilco and My Morning Jacket.
 My Fever Broke is an EP by Rasputina released in 2002 on Instinct Records. The track The Fox in the Snow is a Belle and Sebastian cover.
 Scent of Reunion: Love Duets Across Civilizations is an album by Mahsa Vahdat and Mighty Sam McClain which was originally released in Europe by Kirkelig Kulturverksted in late 2009 and then on May 11 2010 in North America by Valley Entertainment.
 Harpers Bizarre 4 is an album by Harpers Bizarre released in 1969. Ry Cooder contributes on slide guitar.The film I Love You Alice B. Toklas featured music from Harpers Bizarre.Two bonus tracks were added to the 2001 Sundazed CD reissue of this title: Poly High by Harry Nilsson and If We Ever Needed the Lord Before by Thomas A. Dorsey.
 The Merry EP was announced in the Fall of 2009 via fan newsletter and the readers were asked to submit ideas for songs to be recorded. The official tracklist was released in October when it was available for pre-order. Of the EP Gregory said:It's a bit out of character for me to pursue a holiday EP as I'm not a particularly religious person but these are songs that I fall in love with again this time every year...
 Wolf Tracks and Peter and the Wolf was a 2005 album that combined the orchestral composition Peter and the Wolf by Sergei Prokofiev with a 2002 composition Wolf Tracks which had its score written by French composer Jean-Pascal Beintus and text written by Walt Kreamer.
 Fragrant World is the third studio album by American psychedelic pop band Yeasayer released on August 21 2012 on Secretly Canadian.
 Under the Influence: A Tribute to the Legends of Hard Rock is the second EP from metalcore band Asking Alexandria. It was released on 28 November 2012 by Sumerian Records and contains several covers of hard rock bands' songs as well as an original song titled Run Free. Run Free was released as a single from the EP.
 Live Tour 2007: Black Cherry (stylized as Live Tour 2007 ~Black Cherry~ SPECIAL FINAL in Tokyo Dome) is Koda Kumi's seventh concert video. It reached number 1 on the Oricon DVD Chart. and charted for twenty-four weeks selling a total of 105712 copies in 2008
 Tonight Not Again: Jason Mraz Live at the Eagles Ballroom is a live album and DVD by American singer/songwriter Jason Mraz released in 2004. It was recorded in October 2003 in Milwaukee Wisconsin.
 Join the Evolution was Servotron's last release to feature Gammatron and the first to feature Andro 600 Series (credited as Andros 600 Series). It was released on both black vinyl and white vinyl.
 Dizzy Up the Girl is the sixth studio album by American rock band Goo Goo Dolls released on September 22 1998 through Warner Bros. Records. The album is often noted for being the album which propelled The Goo Goo Dolls into success although they already had success with Name in 1995.
 After School Session is Chuck Berry's debut album released in May 1957 (see 1957 in music) by Chess Records as LP 1426 making it the second LP record released by Chess.
 The 3rd World is the third studio album by rapper Immortal Technique following a five-year absence since Revolutionary Vol. 2. It was released on June 24 2008 on Viper Records. The 3rd World peaked at number 99 on the Billboard 200 chart. He claimed in an interview from September 2009 to have sold more than 60000 copies.
 Stronghold is a live album by the British melodic rock band Magnum released in 1997 by SPV. It is the UK re-release of The Last Dance which originally was only distributed in Europe. This edition included bonus tracks.Sanctuary Records released a remastered and expanded edition in 2007 along with Magnum's first six albums. The deluxe packaging has new sleeve notes and an exclusive interview with Tony Clarkin.
 Super Star El Arab (Arabic: سوبر ستار العرب‎) is the first album of songs performed by Diana Karazon the winner of the Arabic TV series Super Star.
 Hark! The Village Wait was the 1970 debut album by the electric folk band Steeleye Span. The album is the only one to feature the original lineup of the band as they broke up and reformed with a slightly altered membership immediately after its release without having ever performed live. Hence it is one of only two Steeleye Span studio albums to feature two female vocalists (Maddy Prior and Gay Woods) the other being Time (1996).
 R. Borlax is the second album by Horse the Band released in 2003 on Pluto Records. It was re-released in 2007 with two bonus tracks by Koch Records..As with all Horse the Band recordings the keyboards are used to mimic the 8-bit sound produced by the Nintendo Entertainment System.
 Ignore the Ignorant found release on 7 September 2009 as the fourth studio album by British indie rock band The Cribs via Wichita Recordings following the release of first single 'Cheat on Me' on 31 August. Warner Bros. Records released the album one day later on 8 September in North America as a digital download then given a physical outlet later in the year on 10 November.
 Perspex Island is an album by Robyn Hitchcock and the Egyptians released on Go! Discs in 1991.The group's third under their contract to A&M Records it contains eleven Hitchcock originals. It was recorded in Los Angeles in 1991 and features guest appearances by Hitchcock fans Michael Stipe and Peter Buck of R.E.M..
 Chain Letter is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Brooke Valentine released on March 15 2005 through Virgin Records America. Work on the album began after Valentine left the female group Best Kept Secret in order to pursue a solo career. She moved to Los Angeles California with producer and Subliminal Entertainment CEO Deja the Great to begin work on the album.
 The Chosen Ones is a compilation album by the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius. It is an official compilation album released by Noise Records after Stratovarius changed labels and signed with Nuclear Blast.
 Patsy Cline is an EP released by American country music singer Patsy Cline on August 14 1961. It Cline's third EP to be released.This was Cline's second EP to be self-titled. The EP contained two songs Cline had recorded under her last session from Four Star Records (There He Goes and Lovesick Blues) and two new songs recorded under new label Decca Records (I Fall to Pieces and Lovin' in Vain).
 13 Songs is a compilation of all the songs from the American post-hardcore band Fugazi's first two EPs. It was released in September 1989.
 Global Underground 032: Mexico City is a DJ mix album in the Global Underground series compiled and mixed by DJ and producer Adam Freeland a pioneer of the English breakbeat scene. This is the first Global Underground mix for Adam Freeland. The two disc mix album features a wide variety of genres ranging from electropop to breaks to the glitchy techno of James Holden.
 The Story So Far is the first studio album by Zack Hexum released on June 15 2004.Met A Girl Like you Once is the first and currently only single.The album was recorded at Media Vortex Studios in Burbank CA.
 Terry Knight and the Pack was the debut album for the band Terry Knight and the Pack. On this record future Grand Funk Railroad alumni such as Mark Farner appear. Vocalist Knight wrote the bulk of the 12 tracks barring the four cover versions.
 Toda Cura Para Todo Mal is a 2005 album by the Brazilian rock band Pato Fu. The album was produced by John Ulhoa. It was released in 2006 in DVD with videos of the whole music.The studio 129 Japs is John's studio from his house. This album starred with a new integrity of the band the keyboardist Lulu Camargo ex-Karnak and used the producer that he took part.
 Peroxide is the debut album by Scottish singer-songwriter Nina Nesbitt. The album features new material and old songs from her past EPs. It was released on 17 February 2014. After the release of the album Nesbitt will embark on a 3-show tour including Manchester London and her home town of Edinburgh. The album was produced by Nesbitt with Jake Gosling (Paloma Faith Ed Sheeran One Direction) and Iain Archer (Example Snow Patrol Jake Bugg).
 The Newlydeads is the first album by the band The Newlydeads.
 Pornosonic started in 1971 when Ron Jeremy met Don Argott an L.A. session musician. Pornosonic wrote and performed some of the most well-received music for the adult film world over the next 20 years. They produced many credited and uncredited tracks for well known (and less known) films. Recently a lost cache of songs was located and two compilations of those songs were released in 2004 & 2005 under the band’s name.
 Us and Them is the second studio album by American hard rock band Shinedown released on October 4 2005. Recorded in Jacksonville Florida and Sanford Florida the album had three singles two of which Save Me and I Dare You were used as themes for WWE pay-per-view events No Mercy 2005 and WrestleMania 22 respectively. Us and Them has been certified Gold by the RIAA in the United States.Us and Them is the last album to feature guitarist Jasin Todd and bassist Brad Stewart.
 Past Present & Future is a 2003 retrospective collection of the music of Rob Zombie. It includes selections of his work with White Zombie and his solo career as well as two previously unreleased tracks. It won a Metal Edge Readers' Choice Award for Compilation Album of the Year.The explicit version includes a bonus DVD with ten of Rob Zombie's/White Zombie's music videos; all are edited versions.
 V Live is a live album by Vitalic released in 2007. The album is an exact recording of Vitalic's live performance in Ancienne Belgique Brussels.
 Carpathian Tragedies is the second solo studio album by Italian extreme metal vocalist Alessandro Nunziati (a.k.a. Lord Vampyr). It was released on 3 February 2009. This would be the last album on which Lord Vampyr would play symphonic black metal; in the following album Horror Masterpiece he would shift to an industrial/gothic direction.
 El Chupacabra is an EP by the heavy metal band Soil. The name of the EP refers to a mythical Puerto Rican beast and literally means goat-sucker in Spanish. Songs from the EP later appeared on Soil's first album Throttle Junkies.
 An Evening with the Allman Brothers Band: 2nd Set is a live album by the American rock group the Allman Brothers Band. It was recorded in 1992 and 1994 and released in 1995.
 Balls to Picasso is a Hard rock album by Iron Maiden vocalist Bruce Dickinson released in 1994. It is the second effort in Dickinson's solo career and the first released after he had officially left Iron Maiden.This record marked the beginning of Dickinson's collaborations with Roy Z who would work on many of Dickinson's later albums including Accident of Birth The Chemical Wedding and Tyranny of Souls.
 Skapocalypse Now! is the debut album by ska band Mustard Plug. It was released in 1992 on singer Dave Kirchgessner's own Dashiki Clout label. In 1998 after requests for the tape grew Hopeless Records re-released Skapocalypse Now! on CD for mail order direct-to-store and concert sales only. Along with the original songs other live and studio bonus tracks were added.
 Turn to Me is a compilation album released by Vanessa Amorosi in 2001. The packaging contains bonus multi-media components Have a Look (German video) Shine (UK video) and a hidden video of The Power (Oz Outtakes) which is uncredited on the insert. Also included is a photo gallery and screen saver.Turn to Me was not an original album but a compilation of tracks that were unreleased in Australia along with remixes of popular songs from The Power.
 Ser humano!! is the debut album from the Chilean hip hop group Tiro de Gracia. It was released in 1997. The single El juego verdadero brought immediate popularity to the group and played for a long while on the radio. Viaje sin rumbo Chupacabras and Melaza were also released as singles.
 Afro-Cuban is an album by American jazz trumpeter Kenny Dorham. The first release of the album dates back to 1955 on 10 Vinyl featuring only four tracks and having a different cover artwork. Two years later Blue Note decided to add three tracks and issue an LP (see below for details). After publishing a 2003 RVG edition which featured two additional pieces and a different track listing Blue Note remastered and recompiled Afro-Cuban in 2007 restoring the original track order.
 The Good Will Out is the debut album by English rock band Embrace first released in 1998 (see 1998 in music).The album achieved critical acclaim as well as success in terms of sales going gold on its first day of release becoming one of the fastest-ever-selling debut albums by a British artist and going on to sell over 500000 copies domestically.Songs from the The Good Will Out have been used in many football montages.
 On August 16 2005 Cuban Link released his official debut album Chain Reaction independently on his new label M.O.B. Records. Chain Reaction boasts production from producers such as Swizz Beatz Mr. Porter and others while featured guest artists include Avant Don Omar Zion Cap 1 Mya Jadakiss and Syleena Johnson. The CD was packaged as an enhanced CD with music videos pictures and a teaser to his future DVD release Tale From the Bronx.
 A Tribute to Joni Mitchell is a tribute to Joni Mitchell featuring Sufjan Stevens Björk Caetano Veloso Brad Mehldau Cassandra Wilson Prince Sarah McLachlan Annie Lennox Emmylou Harris Elvis Costello k.d. lang and James Taylor.
 Mack of the Century... Too $hort's Greatest Hits is a compilation of the hits by rapper Too $hort.
 Mission Impossible: Music from and Inspired by the Motion Picture is the official soundtrack for 1996 film Mission: Impossible. The soundtrack was a success peaking at No.
 Bridges to Burn is an album by sludge metal band 16. It was released January 20 2009 through Relapse Records.
 Curious Corn is an album by British band Ozric Tentacles. It was released in 1997 on Snapper Music.
 About Time is the eighth album by Steve Winwood released in 2003. It was his first album since 1997 and was compared to his earlier work with Traffic.[citation needed]
 Heavy Mental is the debut album by rapper Killah Priest an associate of hip-hop group Wu-Tang Clan and a member of the group Sunz of Man. It was released on February 24 1998 on Geffen Records.The album is resplendent with references to Judeo-Christian-Islamic mythology and theology drawing parallels to the condition of Black people in the United States to that of the Jewish people during Exodus. A notable track on the CD is B.I.B.L.E.
 The Ten Commandments is the 1991 début album by Florida death metal band Malevolent Creation. It was produced and engineered by Scott Burns.
 Face Off is a collaborative album by American rapper Bow Wow and American singer Omarion. The album was released on December 11 2007 by Columbia Records in the United States. The album debuted at #11 on the Billboard 200 with 107000 copies sold in the first week released.
 I Love You But I've Chosen Darkness's eponymous debut five-song EP was produced by Spoon frontman Britt Daniel. Note that the vinyl version of the EP plays at 75 rpm.
 Extravaganza: Live at the Mirage is the first live music video title by singer and actress Cher. Released by Sony BMG in 1992 it contained footage from Cher's two Heart of Stone Tour specials filmed at Mirage Hotel in Las Vegas in 1990. It featured tracks from Cher and Heart of Stone albums alongside various covers.
 The Past and Now is a compilation album by the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius. This album was originally released in 1997 as a promotion CD in Japan. The track Fire Dance Suite was composed by Stratovarius but was released only in Timo Tolkki's solo album Classical Variations and Themes.
 Love Held Lightly: Rare Songs by Harold Arlen is a 1988 (see 1988 in music) album by Peggy Lee released in 1993.
 Village Rhythm is an album by the American jazz saxophonist Joe Lovano recorded in 1988 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 How It Feels to Be Something On is the third studio album by American alternative rock band Sunny Day Real Estate and the first since their 1997 comeback. It was released September 8 1998.
 A Line of Deathless Kings is the ninth studio album by My Dying Bride. It was released on October 9 2006.A limited edition of the album comes in a hard clamshell case with a double-sided poster and five postcards depicting the full-time members of the band. The drummer on this album (John Bennett from The Prophecy) is not included. This is the only album on which he appears.
 THREE is the third extended play by Welsh recording artist Charlotte Church. It is the third in a series of five EPs released by Church. Her third alternative rock material it was released on 19 August 2013 and is preceded by two singles I Can Dream and Water Tower.
 We Like to Rock is a compilation album by the Canadian rock band April Wine released in 1988. It is a repackaging for the U.S. market of the 1979 album Harder.....Faster with a reordering of the songs and a different cover.
 Turboamerica is the fourth album of Italian band Catarrhal Noise.
 Chaotic Resolve is the fourth album by Christian singer Plumb which features the songs I Can't Do This Better Bittersweet Blush and Cut. It also features a remake of Michael W. Smith's song Pray For Me and an extended remix of Damaged as bonus tracks.
 Hergest Ridge is the second record album by Mike Oldfield released in 1974 on Virgin Records. The album was reissued with bonus material and new artwork in June 2010.Oldfield was not comfortable with the public attention that had come from the success of Tubular Bells and retreated to the English countryside to work on the follow-up.
 Cinema is the sixteenth album by the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth released in 1986 through Vertigo Records.
 i amber (Chinese: 愛異想 Hanyu Pinyin: Ài Yìxiǎng) is Amber Kuo's second Chinese language album. On 3 July 2009 the celebration edition is released with a DVD.
 Adagio is the fourth album of Sweetbox and the third album with Jade Villalon as frontwoman. It was released in 2004 in two different versions. One was released in Japan debuting at #3 and the other was released in Europe South Korea and Taiwan. The album was heavily inspired by world music with songs sampling music originating from around the globe. The album also saw a hip-hop influence furthered by guest vocalist RJ.
 On The Air is a posthumously released album by Eddie Cochran who died in 1960. The album was released in the UK on the United Artists record label (catalog number UAS-29380) in September 1972. In the USA it was released in 1987 the seventh posthumous Cochran album on the EMI America label (catalog number SQ-17245) with the same track listing.
 A Força Verde is the fifth solo album by Brazilian singer/guitarist Zé Ramalho. It was released in 1982.
 The More I See You is a 1995 album by Oscar Peterson the first album recorded since his stroke in 1993.
 Any Minute Now is an electronic rock album by Soulwax. It was released on August 23 2004 on the PIAS record label peaking at #53 in the UK. Most of the tracks on Any Minute Now were remixed on Soulwax's follow-up record 2005's Nite Versions.Like on most CDs from Soulwax and 2 Many DJ's an untitled hidden track can be heard by rewinding before the start of the first track. A version of this hidden track appeared on Nite Versions as I Love Techno.
 Live at the House of Tribes is an album by Wynton Marsalis released in 2005. The performance was recorded in December 2002 in front of fifty people at a small community theater space in New York's East Village.
 To You Sweetheart Aloha is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released late in the summer of 1959 by Cadence Records. This his fourth LP for the label has a Hawaiian theme that coincides with the admission of the 50th of the United States.
 Throwed in da Game is the second album by southern rapper Fat Pat. Fat Pat has said that the singles Dirty South and I'm A Slicka were inspired by author James Baldwin's semi-autobiographical novel Go Tell It On The Mountain. Allmusic gave the album three stars noting that its derivative beats were offset by Fat Pat's deft rhymes. In a December 2000 Sports Illustrated interview New York Jets wide receiver Keyshawn Johnson asserted that Throwed In Da Game was his favorite rap album.
 I Predict a Graceful Expulsion is the debut album by Cold Specks a band led by Al Spx the pseudonym of a Canadian singer-songwriter.The album was named as a long-listed nominee for the 2012 Polaris Music Prize on June 14 2012.
 Present Arms In Dub is a remix album by UB40 released in October 1981. The album contains eight remixed instrumental versions of original tracks from Present Arms and its bonus 12 single; only the tracks Don't Let It Pass You By and Don't Slow Down are not remixed and included. The album was the first dub music album to hit the UK top 40. The dub style is characterized as a mainly instrumental version of an existing song typically emphasizing the drums and bass.
 Tributo a Soda Stereo Is a 2001 album tribute to the Argentinian rock band Soda Stereo.
 Tamia is the self-titled debut studio album by Canadian Contemporary R&B recording artist Tamia released on April 14 1998 on Qwest Records and distributed through Warner Bros. Records. It features the singles Imagination So Into You and Loving You Still. The remake of Careless Whisper was released as a single in Japan and the album also includes her Grammy-nominated debut You Put a Move On My Heart as a bonus track.
 MTV Party To Go volume 10 was the tenth album in the MTV Party To Go series. The album was certified gold on January 1997 by the RIAA.
 Declaration of Dependence is the third album from Norwegian duo Kings of Convenience and it is also their first album in five years. It was released on October 5 2009. Mrs Cold and Boat Behind have been released as radio singles in some countries.The album was pre-released on September 21 for Spotify premium subscribers. It was released in selected countries (such as Poland) on September 28 2009.In Italy the album reached Gold status.
 The Best of 1979–1988: Vol 2 is the third compilation and the second double set of greatest hits by Modus released on Open Music in 1998.
 Refugees of the Heart is the sixth solo album by Steve Winwood released in 1990. The album contained the hit single One and Only Man which topped the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and saw the return of former Traffic bandmate Jim Capaldi to Winwood's songwriting team. By coincidence a Traffic reunion followed in 1994. Because of that collaboration Winwood would not record another solo album until late 1997. Also I Will Be Here and Another Deal Goes Down were released as singles.
 Stan and Judy's Kid is a the fourth studio album by Adam Sandler. It was nominated for the 2000 Grammy Award for Best Spoken Comedy Album. By selling 80889 units in its opening week it set the record for the highest first week of sales of a comedy recording. The sales numbers were achieved without the promotional push of a radio single or video. It has been certified gold having sold over 500000 copies.[citation needed]
 The Secret Place is also the title of the Nebula Award-winning short story by Richard McKennaThe Secret Place is the first album in a series of instrumental Christian Contemporary music by the Hillsong Church.
 A Todo Rock is Menudo's thirteenth album in Spanish. It features Ricky Meléndez Johnny Lozada Charlie Massó and new members Ray Reyes and Roy Rosselló. Ray Reyes replaced Xavier Serbiá after Xavier reached the age limit. Roy Rosselló replaced Miguel Cancel after Miguel decided to quit the group. This was the first time that a member decided to leave before his time was due.
 Heartbeat is an album released by American television actor Don Johnson in 1986 on the Epic/CBS Records label. In the United States the album reached #17 on the Billboard 200 album chart in October 1986 and was certified Gold by the RIAA in November 1986. The title track became a top 5 hit peaking at #5 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart.In 1998 the album was reissued by Razor & Tie with six additional tracks from Johnson's follow-up LP Let It Roll.
 Back to the World is the third album from R&B singer Tevin Campbell.
 Logging Time is the debut release by American New Wave band Industry. The extended play was released independently on Metro Records and reissued by Amstate Records in 1980.Its tagline was shown at the back of the album. It describes the definition of Industry:INDUSTRY is the catalyst between man his material needs & wants.INDUSTRY indefinitely enlarges the complex dichotomy of material exchange.INDUSTRY maintains the econoculture & the legend of technoevolution.
 Frog is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It was inspired by frogs and utilizes their sounds. Masami Akita exhibited the audio and images at Yokohama Triennale 2001 in an installation called Moss Garden (苔庭 kokeniwa). It was reissued on CD in 2002 retitled Frog+ with a bonus disc of additional material and a screensaver.Merzbow continued the frog theme on A Taste Of... Puroland and Houjoue.The album was used as source material for the remix album Frog Remixed and Revisited.
 Riches is a limited edition compilation album that was temporarily included with the Raintown album by the Scottish rock band Deacon Blue starting in February 1988. Only 20000 copies were made.It contains the two bonus tracks that were included on the CD version of Raintown plus selected tracks and B-sides from the following single releases: Dignity (1st release) Loaded When Will You (Make My Telephone Ring) (1st release) Dignity (2nd release)
 Girls Boys And Marsupials is an album by The Wombats released in 2006 in Japan only. Many of these songs appear on their UK debut album The Wombats Proudly Present: A Guide to Love Loss & Desperation. The tracks that did not feature on this album (Metro Song Sunday TV Derail & Crash and Caravan in Wales) featured as b-sides on single releases of Kill the Director Let's Dance to Joy Division and Backfire at the Disco.
 Glitter Gulch EP is an EP released by English band Nine Black Alps in 2006 on Island Records. These are all b-sides from the singles released from their debut album Everything Is except for Coldhearted which is a Black session recording.
 The Darkest of Discos is the fifth studio album by Slowcoaster.
 The Fire This Time is a live album by Lester Bowie's Brass Fantasy recorded in Aarburg Switzerland for the In & Out label. It is the seventh album by Bowie's Brass Fantasy group and features performances by Bowie Vincent Chancey Frank Lacy Louis Bonilla E. J. Allen Gerald Brezel Tony Barrero Bob Stewart Vinnie Johnson and Famoudou Don Moye.
 Step on the Bass Line is an album by Bakithi Khumalo.
 Disco Six Six Six is a rock EP by Girls Against Boys. It was released on October 1 1996 by Touch & Go.
 Quicksilver is the sixth album by American psychedelic rock band Quicksilver Messenger Service.
 Devil in the Shortwave is the third of three one-sided 12 records by the Mountain Goats on Olympia WA's Yo Yo label. The B-side of the record includes etchings by Nikki McClure.
 ... Because I Can is the first (and only) studio album by Mice and released through the Permanent Records label. Although a second album New And Improved was released this was not a new album but rather an extended re-issue released through the Jamtart label.
 Eye in the Sky is the sixth album by the British rock band The Alan Parsons Project released in 1982. It was recorded in London's Abbey Road Studios.Songs on this album are in a number of different styles from cool and funky to lyrical and heavily orchestrated. The Hipgnosis-designed sleeve was green with an image of the Eye of Horus which was gold-foil stamped for early pressings of the LP.
 Abattoir Blues/The Lyre of Orpheus is the thirteenth studio album by the Australian alternative rock band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds released on 20 September 2004 on Mute Records. It is a double album with a total of seventeen songs—nine on Abattoir Blues and eight on The Lyre of Orpheus.
 Back To Earth is the 8th studio album by rock band Rare Earth which was released in 1975. Jerry La Croix replaced departed lead singer Peter Hoorelbeke and Reggie McBride replaced departed bassist Michael Urso.
 Smoked Out Loced Out is an underground Tape released by Triple Six Mafia (better known as Three 6 Mafia) on November 25 1994. The album is a precursor to their debut album Mystic Stylez in 1995. It was released on Prophet Entertainment.The album is firmly rooted in the hardcore rap scene. Throughout the album the group vividly raps about murder satan domestic violence and smoking marijuana—only to be periodically interrupted by spurious and often comedic radio station call-ins.
 Final Noise E.P. is an EP of the band Eisley released March 21 2006 on Reprise Records. Though the EP is labeled under Eisley it also contains songs by artists Simon Dawes and Timmy Curran.
 Just One Love is a 1995 album by country singer Willie Nelson.
 Road Trips Volume 4 Number 3 is a live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead. Subtitled Denver '73 it contains the complete concert recorded on November 21 1973 at Denver Coliseum in Denver Colorado. It also includes three songs recorded the previous night at the same venue.
 The Ziggurat Scrolls is an EP from Melechesh. The album is limited to 500 copies worldwide and can be purchased directly from Profound Lore Records.
 Sorriso nucleare is the debut album by Italian singer-songwriter Dolcenera released in March 2003 by Amarena Music/BMG Ricordi and produced by Lucio Fabbri.The album was preceded by the single Solo tu. The second single Siamo tutti là fuori was the winner of the newcomer artists' section of the Sanremo Music Festival in 2003 and also won the Press TV and Radio Award.
 In the Time Before Llamas is an album by the Canadian rock band Cowboy Junkies released in 2003. It is a live album compiling tracks from two concerts in the United Kingdom. It was released only in the UK where the 2000 live album Waltz Across America was not released but is available as an import in other countries.
 Live at The Siren is a live album released by the Canadian hard rock band Harem Scarem. The album features two studio songs and was only released in Japan.
 Independence is Kosheen's fourth studio album released on October 1 2012. The digital copy of the album from iTunes includes two additional instrumentals 'Zone 10' and 'Zone 15' as well as a remix of their single 'Spies' by Moth Equals.
 Live at the Whitney is a live album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded at the Whitney Museum of American Art in 1972 and released on the Impulse! label in 1995.
 Beauty in the Beast (1986/2000) is an album by Wendy Carlos using alternate tunings and scales and influenced by jazz and world music. On the back she includes a quote by Van Gogh: I am always doing what I cannot do yet in order to learn how to do it.As the liner notes state the entire album is synthesized meaning that All the music and sounds heard on this recording were directly digitally generated.
 Moodring is the third studio album by American recording artist Mýa. It was her last studio album for then record label A&M and Interscope Records released July 22 2003. Before Harrison began to work on what eventually would be her third studio album she participated in prior engagements (Lady Marmalade and Chicago).
 Soul to Soul is the third studio album by American blues rock band Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble released on September 30 1985 by Epic Records. Recording sessions took place between March and May 1985 at the Dallas Sound Lab in Dallas Texas. Vaughan wrote four of Soul to Soul's ten tracks; two songs were released as singles. The album went to #34 on the Billboard 200 chart and the music video for Change It received regular rotation on MTV.
 Street Faërie is the first full-length album recorded by Cree Summer. It was released in 1999 on the Work Group a now-defunct imprint of Sony Music. Summer who is Neo-Pagan and a political and human rights activist wove themes of racism romantic liaisons and spirituality into the lyrics of guitar-heavy pop and folk songs. Miss Moon is an ode to lovemaking while a woman is menstruating.
 Diamonds for Breakfast is the fourth studio album by French singer Amanda Lear released in 1980 by West German label Ariola Records. The album turned out a commercial success and spawned two European hit singles Fabulous (Lover Love Me) and Diamonds.
 Woman's Gotta Have It is the second album by Cornershop released in 1995.The album's style is a blend of indie rock with Indian music. Reviewing the album on AllMusic Denise Sullivan called the style Hindi-Pop.Wog and the opening track 6 A.M. Jullandar Shere sung in Punjabi were released as singles. A video for the latter was sometimes played on MTV Europe's alternative music slots. The album ends with 7:20 A.M.
 Mind Elevation is an album by Nightmares on Wax released on September 2 2002 (see 2002 in music).
 The Sad and Tragic Demise of Big Fine Hot Salty Black Wind is the third album by free jazz ensemble Universal Congress Of released on October 17 1991 through Enemy Records.
 The Portrait of Carmen Gray is Carmen Gray's debut album. It was released in the middle of September 2006. The album peaked at No. 39 on the Finnish albums chart.
 Get Up Yourself is an EP by Melbourne band Root! released on August 23 2008. It is both a follow up the band's previous release Root Supposed He Was Out Of The Question and a sample of the upcoming second album Surface Paradise (formerly Root is the Money of All Evil). The EP contains 3 tracks of Root!'s style of country and rock music and 1 track composed of a reworking of the title track featuring DC Root's signature ironic lyrics.
 Liebe ist für alle da (German for Love is for everyone) is the sixth studio album by German Neue Deutsche Härte band Rammstein which was released in most of Europe on 16 October 2009 the United Kingdom on 19 October 2009 and the United States on 20 October 2009.
 Screwball Comedy is an album by the Japanese band Soul Flower Union. The album found the band going into a simpler harder-rocking direction after several heavily world-music influenced albums.
 The Manhattan Transfer Live was recorded by The Manhattan Transfer live at Manchester on 23 April 1978 Bristol on 28 April 1978 and the Hammersmith Odeon Theatre London on 2 May 1978. The album was produced by Tim Hauser and Janis Siegel. This was the final album made with Laurel Massé.For many years this album had the distinction of being the only Manhattan Transfer album not to be released on CD.
 Firefly is an album by American flautist Jeremy Steig recorded in 1977 and released on the CTI label.
 Animalize is the twelfth studio album by American hard rock band Kiss. It was released in 1984 on Mercury Records.
 The Time Has Come: The Best of Ziggy Marley & the Melody Makers is the first greatest hits release from Ziggy Marley and the Melody Makers.
 Profile is the debut album by American pianist and arranger Duke Pearson featuring performances by Pearson with Gene Taylor and Lex Humphries. It was recorded in 1959 and released the same year on the Blue Note label. Like the following Tender Feelin's Profile has been released singularly on CD only in Japan by Blue Note/EMI. However at present it could be found on the twofer Profile & Tender Feelin's - Duke Pearson Trio issued by Fresh Sound Records in May 2011.
 The Transfiguration of Blind Joe Death is a 1965 album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey. Originally issued in a hand-lettered edition of 50 it was Fahey's first album to be released by a label other than his own Takoma Records. As with all of Fahey's independently released early albums it had little critical recognition upon release. The album has grown in stature since its reissue on CD in 1997 and is now highly regarded critically.
 Can't Get There from Here is the ninth studio album by the American hard rock band Great White released in 1999. At one time it was considered to be the final release from the band. However the band has since released three other albums to date Back to the Rhythm in 2007 Rising in 2009 and Elation in 2012. The track Rollin' Stoned was released as a single and received airplay on mainstream rock radio.
 Murder Squad Nationwide is an album by American rap group South Central Cartel and friends. It was released February 14 1995 on South Central Cartel's G.W.K. Records and distributed by Def Jam Recordings. The album features production by Ant Banks DJ Gripp G$ Money and Prodeje. It peaked at number 12 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums at number 1 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers and at number 106 on the Billboard 200.
 Across My Heart is a 1997 album by country superstar Kenny Rogers.
 Salute is the sixteenth original album by Canadian musician Gordon Lightfoot released in 1983 Warner Brothers Records. It barely registered on the charts and is one of his least known recordings. This is reflected in the fact that songs from the album very rarely feature in Lightfoot's live performances.The album completed Lightfoot's shift from acoustic folk/country compositions to a more sleek adult contemporary sound a shift he had begun on Shadows.
 Safe & Sound is the first full-length studio album by American pop-punk band Juneau released January 24 2006 on Red Letter Records. The album was re-released as a special edition in June 2006 with the bonus track Bittersweet Surprise included.
 The Last Time I Did Acid I Went Insane and Other Favorites is the first album by anti-folk artist Jeffrey Lewis. It was released on CD in 2001 on Rough Trade Records and on vinyl in 2012 on Don Giovanni Records.
 Fiestas and Fiascos is the final Lifter Puller LP composed of new material and the only album of theirs not included on Soft Rock. The record is much tighter than previous songs following the direction implied by songs like Secret Santa Cruz where the band plays hook-centrically and vocalist Craig Finn sings with more vocal force (shouting at times) than melodicism.
 Fabulous Disaster is the third album by Exodus. It was released on January 30 1989 on the UK label Music for Nations while the US version was released on Combat/Relativity Records. It is one of Exodus' most successful albums and sold over 68000 copies making it Exodus' best-selling album to date.
 Wood Work is the first album by Da BackWudz. Two singles were released from the album I Don't Like The Look of It (Oompa) and You Gonna Luv Me.
 Rusty Medals and Broken Badges is the debut full-length studio album from Californian hardcore punk band Over My Dead Body. It was released in November 2001 on Indecision Records. In addition to the CD format it was also released on limited edition vinyl pressings of 103 red 286 purple and 603 black.[1]
 Steal The Night is a live CD/DVD by Canadian Jazz artist Holly Cole. It was released in 2012 in Canada on Alert Records. This is Holly's first live DVD release. It was recorded at Glenn Gould Studio in Toronto on August 11 2011.
 Evening at the Grange is an EP by Lida Husik and Beaumont Hannant released on November 8 1994 through Astralwerks.
 The Korgis is the first studio album by English pop band The Korgis.It was released on Rialto Records in the UK in 1979.The album includes the singles Young And Russian and If I Had You (#13 UK Singles Chart).The Korgis was re-issued on compact disc by Edsel Records in 1999.
 Songs for a Tailor is the 1969 solo studio album debut of musician composer and singer Jack Bruce who was already famous at the time of its release for his work with the supergroup Cream.
 Everything is Changing is the fourth studio album by the Anneke van Giersbergen band and the first released under Anneke van Giersbergen's name instead of Agua de Annique or Anneke van Giersbergen and Agua de Annique.
 Their first studio release in four years. Jasten King has since left the band and has begun playing in Nancy Fullforce along with Duke who still remains in Killradio as well. It will have a Mid September under Nine 12 Records and will feature some acoustic versions of old songs like 'Feeding The Rich or Where Go We.
 Elements - The Best of Mike Oldfield is a video collection by Mike Oldfield released in October 1993. It was released by Virgin Records on VHS and Laser disc. A DVD edition of the video release including additional extras was produced in 2004.
 Invincible is the third full-length album by Christian rock group Skillet. It was released in 2000 from ForeFront Records and Ardent Records. This album continues the electronic rock that was heard on their previous release but marks the exit of original guitarist Ken Steorts and the entrance of his replacement Kevin Haaland on guitar as well as John Cooper's wife Korey on keyboards loops sampling and programming.
 Dijamanti... (English translation: Diamonds...) is the third studio album of Bosnian singer Halid Bešlić. It was released in 1984.
 Recollection is the title of compilation album by Leslie Phillips released in 1987 on Myrrh Records. Largely a collection of greatest hits from the Myrrh years this album also contains a couple of new tracks including an acoustic version of Your Kindness and the never before released No One But You. Also included is the original demo version of Walls Of Silence.
 The Very Best of Johnny Hates Jazz is Johnny Hates Jazz’s first of two compilation albums. Released in May 1993 the majority of the album concentrates on songs from the band’s debut album although the b-sides from several of the major singles on that album the non-album single Turn the Tide and a few songs from the band’s lesser known second album Tall Stories are included on the compilation as well.
 Mēness dejas is a 1995 album containing eight songs by Latvian band Dzeltenie Pastnieki as reinterpreted by Uģis Vītiņš. Originally found on four of the band's 1980s album releases the songs have been re-arranged radically and have had all the vocals re-recorded by the original vocalists.Mēness dejas is notable as the band's first release on CD and was done to meet the popular demand for a CD compilation of the band's hits.
 Hollywood is an album of the French singer Johnny Hallyday album.
 New Concepts of Artistry in Rhythm is an album by Stan Kenton.
 Live At the Westbeth Theater is the tenth live spoken word album by Henry Rollins released on February 28 2001 on 2.13.61 Records. It was recorded on December 11 1999 at the Westbeth Theater in New York City.
 Pass out of Existence is the debut studio album by American heavy metal band Chimaira released on October 2 2001. According to vocalist Mark Hunter as of 2003 the band has sold 44000 copies of the album in the United States.Some editions of the album include a hidden track at the end of Jade extending the track's total runtime to 13:57.
 We'll Be Together Again is an album by guitarist Pat Martino which was recorded in 1976 and first released on the Muse label.
 Voli me voli (English: Love Me Love Me) is the fifth studio album by Bosnian singer Lepa Brena released in 1986.This was her sixth of twelve albums with the band Slatki Greh.
 Slow Focus is the third album by Fuck Buttons released on 22 July 2013. It was the first album released by ATP Recordings to reach the top 40 of the UK Albums Chart.
 Hello World: The Motown Solo Collection is a 71-track triple disc box set commemorating Michael Jackson's early years with Motown Records. The album features Jackson's four solo LPs from Motown (dating from 1971 to 1975) plus songs that were released after he left the company.
 Kills is a mixtape by jj released on Christmas Eve 2010.
 Travel-Log is the ninth album by JJ Cale. It was released in 1990.
 A Case for the Blues is a blues album by Katmandu a British band made up of successful musicians from differing musical backgrounds including Peter Green of Fleetwood Mac Ray Dorset of Mungo Jerry and Vincent Crane of Atomic Rooster. Released in 1985 this was the only album by the band. A Case for the Blues has been re-released several times sometimes as a Peter Green solo album such as the 1987 release on the Original Masters label.
 Aftershock is the 21st studio album by British rock band Motörhead. Originally expected to be released in mid-2013 it was released on 18 October in Germany 21 October 2013 in the United Kingdom and the rest of Europe and on 22 October in North America. The album was produced by Cameron Webb.
 Consequences is The Missionary Position's second album released March 2012. It features songs written by Jeff Angell and Benjamin Anderson.Consequences was recorded in Seattle Washington
 Pawn Hearts is the fourth album by English progressive rock band Van der Graaf Generator released in October 1971. The album reached number one on the Italian album charts.
 Rabies is Finnish industrial metal band Ruoska's fifth album and it was released on April 9 2008.
 The Words That Remain is the third album by Solas released in 1998 on the Shanachie Records label.
 Years (by One Thousand Fingertips) is the third studio album by Canadian folk rock band Attack in Black released on March 10 2009 on Dine Alone Records. The album was released both on CD and on one thousand 12 vinyl records. Singles released from the album are Beasts (February 24 2009) and Liberties (July 2009). The layout and photography present in both CD and vinyl versions were by Daniel Romano and Ian Kehoe.
 Mizar was released on 18 May 1988 and is the eponymous debut album released by the group Mizar. This is the first notable rock record in Macedonian.In 1997 it was re-released as Svedozhba on CD and cassette with bonus live and demo tracks. The versions of the album tracks on Svedozhba are taken from vinyl. Goran Tanevski was the only Mizar member involved with the project.In 2003 this album and Svjat Dreams were remastered and rereleased containing live and demo tracks.
 Impacto is a 1964 album recorded by saxophonist and composer Hector Costita and his sextet. The album is one of the most important in the musician career and presents a fusion of bossa nova and jazz. Hector Costita elaborated all arrangements and conducted the other musicians.A long period after its recording it was reissued on CD in 2006 as one of the albums included in Som Livre Masters series organized by Charles Gavin.
 Shout: The Very Best of Tears for Fears is a 2001 compilation album released by the British New wave band Tears for Fears. The album contains the greatest hits of the band from their first album The Hurting to the much later Elemental. The liner notes contain various photographs which were researched by Jason Pastori and coordinated by Ryan Null.
 Under the Radar is the twelfth studio album by the American rock band Little Feat released in 1998. (see 1998 in music). It was the fifth studio album since the band reunited in 1988 and the second since vocalist Shaun Murphy joined Little Feat.
 Soul Sista is the debut album by American R&B and soul singer-songwriter KeKe Wyatt released in the United States on November 13 2001 by MCA Records and produced by Steve Huff. The album peaked at #33 on the Billboard 200 and has sold 494000 copies in the U.S. It was eventually certified gold in the U.S. for sales/shipments of 500000 copies. It has sold over 500000 copies worldwide.
 Honky-Tonk Stardust Cowboy is the second studio album released by singer-songwriter Jonathan Edwards in 1972.
 Two Song Wedding is the fourth album by Canadian singer-songwriter Kate Maki released January 12 2010. The album was released independently on Maki's own Confusion Unlimited label with distribution by Outside Music. Guest musicians include members of Giant Sand Calexico FemBots Jonathan Richman and Arcade Fire.The song Bloodshot & Blistered was featured in the film Ingenious (film) from 2009.
 Pieces in a Modern Style is the sixth album by electronic instrumentalist William Orbit. He is credited as arranger programmer producer and performer of the album. It was released in 2000 by WEA and Warner Music UK in Europe and Maverick Records in the United States.
 Non-Stop is the second album by the Brooklyn New York band B.T. Express. Released in July 1975 the album reached number one on the R&B charts.
 Black Sabbath Vol. 4 is the fourth studio album by the British heavy metal band Black Sabbath released in September 1972.
 Imperial Bedroom is a 1982 album by Elvis Costello and the Attractions. It was the second Costello album after Almost Blue not produced by Nick Lowe. Production duties were handled by Beatles engineer Geoff Emerick. I wanted to try a few things in the studio that I suspected would quickly exhaust Nick's patience as Costello put it in the liner notes to the 1994 Rykodisc reissue.It was voted as the best album of the year in The Village Voice Pazz & Jop critics poll.
 Live from Madison Square Garden is a 2 CD/2 DVD live album by Eric Clapton and Steve Winwood which was released on 19 May 2009 by Duck / Reprise Records. The album is made up of recordings from Clapton and Winwood's performances at Madison Square Garden in February 2008.The duo performed songs from their time in the band Blind Faith as well as selections from Traffic Derek and the Dominos Clapton's & Winwood's solo careers and some rock & blues covers.
 The Day of Wrath is the major-label debut album of the Italian blackened speed metal band Bulldozer released in 1985.
 From the Archives Vol. 6 is a release from The Future Sound of London's From the Archives series; released in 2010. A CD version was released on 25 October seven weeks after the initial mp3 release.
 The Bastard is the first album by the American progressive/heavy metal band Hammers of Misfortune.
 Legends is a compilation album by Beverley Craven.
 Don’t Let the Good Times Fool You is the 14th album by American country singer Melba Montgomery (born October 14 1938 in Iron City Tennessee). In the 1970s Montgomery was a successful solo artist in her own right. Her best-known solo hit is the No. 1 hit No Charge. The single Don't Let the Good Times Fool You reached the top 15 in 1975 the only top 40 hit from the album.
 Ljudi i bogovi (trans. Humans and Gods) is the fourth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav hard rock band Kerber released in 1988.The album was titled after a verse from the song Manifest which and was the band's first song with political-related lyrics.
 Midnight Zoo (真夜中の動物園 Mayonaka no Dōbutsuen) is the 37th studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima released in October 2010.None of the songs appeared on the album was released as a single. Instead two of previous released materials were featured as bonus tracks; her own interpretation of the song Snow Umbrella originally recorded by Shizuka Kudo in 2008 and new recording of her recent single Just Save Love released in 2009.
 John Coltrane and Johnny Hartman is a 1963 studio album featuring John Coltrane and Johnny Hartman.
 Latin Impressions is an album by American jazz guitarist Charlie Byrd featuring tracks recorded in 1962 and released on the Riverside label.
 One Part Lullaby is the third album by The Folk Implosion. It was released in 1999 on Interscope Records. The album is the last Folk Implosion album to feature founding member John Davis. The song Kingdom of Lies was featured in the Danny Boyle film A Life Less Ordinary (1997). Free to Go was featured on the soundtrack to the Academy Award-winning film American Beauty. The song One Part Lullaby was featured in the film Adaptation. (2002).
 The Morning Never Came is the debut studio album by Swallow the Sun which was released on November 15 2003.
 El Diablo is the 4th studio album from Italian rock band Litfiba. It introduces a more rock sounding in the band's music which used to be much more new-wave influenced until there. It is the first chapter of the Tetralogy of elements and it is dedicated to fire.
 (RED) Christmas is an extended play from American rock band The Killers featuring their yearly Christmas singles from 2006 to 2011. Part of the proceeds from the sales from (RED) Christmas will be donated to the Product Red campaign headed by Bobby Shriver and U2 lead singer Bono.
 Strong is the eighth studio album by Canadian country music artist Michelle Wright. It was released in Canada on July 9 2013 via Savannah Records. It was also released in the United States on October 22 2013.
 VH1 Behind the Music: The Daryl Hall and John Oates Collection is a compilation album by Hall & Oates. Behind the Music was a TV series on VH1 and this compilation was released in connection with a Hall & Oates episode. It features 3 new (at the time) studio tracks and a few new live recordings. Two of the three new songs (Heartbreak Time and Do It for Love) were recorded for Hall & Oates next album Do It For Love.
 Ph.D. is the 1981 début album by the band of the same name. It was later reissued with a different cover when I Won't Let You down became a hit in several countries in early 1982. The original cover was designed by Mike Payne and was the first release of his Electrograph artwork.The album was reissued 3 November 2008 by Ph.D./Voiceprint Records.
 The Snow Goose is the third album by the band Camel released in 1975. The critical success of The White Rider suite (based on J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings and appearing on the band's previous album Mirage) inspired the group to write more novel-inspired conceptual suites.
 Music is the second studio album by the American urban/post-disco group D-Train released in United States on 1983 by Prelude Records. The album was remastered by Canadian label Unidisc Records in 1992 including five bonus tracks.The album was produced by its musical group member Hubert Eaves III.
 Architect of Fear is the eighth full-length album by the English heavy metal band Raven released in 1991.
 Grand Slam is the nineteenth album by The Isley Brothers released on their T-Neck imprint on March 28 1981.
 Tonight's the Night is the debut album by American girl group quartet The Shirelles released in 1961. It contains the hit song Will You Love Me Tomorrow. Although Shirley Owens was the group's main lead singer Tonight's the Night also features lead vocals by Doris Coley and Beverly Lee; all four members share lead for Doin' the Ronde. Later on in 1963 Unlucky was covered by Dionne Warwick for her debut album.
 We Are the Ark was released on 25 September 2000 and is the debut album from Swedish glam rock group The Ark. The album was both a critical and commercial success spawning four singles. The album sold relatively fast compared to other Swedish albums selling over 173000 copies in few months.
 Let Love Win is the debut major label studio album from Christian pop rock band The Museum. It was released on July 27 2010 by BEC Recordings.
 People That I Meet is The Natural History's second full length album. The album was recorded in 2004 and slated for a 2005 release date. However the band soon split from their record label Startime International and the album's release was put on hold. The band was looking to release the album on a different label shortly thereafter; however People That I Meet would not reach the general public for over 2 years.
 C'mon is the ninth full-length album by indie rock band Low. It was released on April 12 2011 (April 11 in Europe) on Sub Pop records. The album was recorded at Sacred Heart Studio a former Catholic church in Duluth Minnesota where the band previously recorded 2002's Trust.
 iTunes Live: London Festival '07 is a six song EP by indie rock band Kasabian released digitally on 6 August 2007 on the iTunes Store. The songs were taken from the band's appearance at the iTunes Festival 2007 at The Roundhouse venue in London.
 Scenes One Through Thirteen catalogs every Hot Hot Heat single along with their other early releases all recorded before the band was signed to Sub Pop in late 2001.Tracks 1-8 were recorded by Colin Stewart and Josh Wells at the Hive.Tracks 9-13 were recorded by Neil Cooke-Dallin at Keating X Road.
 David Murray/James Newton Quintet is an album by David Murray and James Newton released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1996 and features seven quintet performances by Murray and Newton with John Hicks Fred Hopkins Billy Hart and Andrew Cyrille.
 The Return of Tal Farlow is an album by American jazz guitarist Tal Farlow released in 1969.
 Close to the Fire is a studio album by Dutch progressive rock band Kayak released in 2000. It was a comeback album the first since their split in 1982. The line-up was almost the same as the one that recorded the album Royal Bed Bouncer in 1975. Only guitarist Johan Slager was not involved. He was replaced by Rob Winter.By 1997 Kayak founder members Ton Scherpenzeel and Pim Koopman decided to work on new material.
 Meet the Jazztet is an album by the Jazztet led by trumpeter Art Farmer and saxophonist Benny Golson featuring performances recorded in 1960 and originally released on the Argo label.
 Mobile Chateau is the third full-length album by singer-songwriter Matt Costa. It was released through Brushfire Records on September 21 2010. The album sees Costa taking on the role of producer for the first time.
 Prologue: The Art of War/Cherry Blossom Epitaph is the second official release by Australian hard rock act Behind Crimson Eyes released in 2005. It is also the band's third ever release the first being a little-known demo from 2004 and second being the band's first EP Pavour Nocturnus also from 2005.
 Yankees is an album of improvised music by Derek Bailey John Zorn & George Lewis. The album was originally released as an LP on the Celluloid label in 1983 and has been subsequently reissued on CD by Celluloid (from a vinyl source) and on the Charly label (from the original master tape). It is the first recorded meeting of John Zorn and Derek Bailey. The pair would later release the album Harras with William Parker in 1993.
 The Bright Side is the second album by American recording artist Meiko released through Fantasy Records on May 15 2012. It is her first album under the aforementioned Concord Music Group label.
 Employee of the Year is Outasight's musical debut.
 Digital Crimes (2002) is an album by Memorain.
 Sp(l)it EP is a split EP between the hardcore/thrash band I Hate Sally and the thrash metal band GFK released in 2007 on CD and 7 vinyl.
 Moody and the Brass Figures is an album by saxophonist James Moody recorded in 1966 and released on the Milestone label.
 The Mighty Death Pop! is the twelfth studio album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse released on August 14 2012. It is their second album to focus on the Dark Carnival since the conclusion of the group's original Joker's Cards series. The titular character The Mighty Death Pop! is the second in a set of six new Joker's Cards.
 Bing 'n' Basie is a 1972 album by Bing Crosby accompanied by Count Basie.
 Bed of Rose's is the fourth album by The Statler Brothers and the first one recorded for Mercury Records. One of two singles from the album Bed of Rose's reached #9 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart.
 Bookends is the fourth studio album by American music duo Simon & Garfunkel. Produced by Paul Simon Roy Halee and Art Garfunkel the album was released on April 3 1968 in the United States by Columbia Records. The duo had risen to fame in 1965 based on the strength of hit single The Sound of Silence and their previous two studio works — Sounds of Silence and Parsley Sage Rosemary and Thyme — had enjoyed commercial and critical acclaim.
 Me! Me! Me! (stylized as ME! ME! ME!) is the first full length album by Japanese-American recording artist Joe Inoue originally released as a standard release and a limited edition release containing a DVD of music videos on April 8 2009. Me! Me! Me! peaked at number 86 on the Oricon Weekly Album Charts remaining on the charts for only one week. As with all of Inoue's music he mixes arranges and performs on every track.
 Live is the first live album by the duo of All Sons & Daughters and the album released on April 23 2013 by Integrity Music. The album was produced with One Sonic Society member Paul Mabury.
 Live in Sweden 2004 is the third in a series of live Incubus albums and was released by the band in 2004. All series proceeds go to the band's charitable arm the Make Yourself Foundation.
 The Willie Way is a 1972 album by country singer Willie Nelson. This was also the last album of new material released by RCA before Nelson's departure for Atlantic Records.
 Mockingbird is an album of covers by Allison Moorer released in 2008. Moorer covers songs by Nina Simone Patti Smith Cat Power as well as her sister Shelby Lynne.
 The Sense Apparatus is the first album by Frantic Bleep.Drums were recorded at Huset; guitars were recorded at Breidablikk; vocals recorded at Engelaug & Knapper; and bass overdubs and additional vocals were recorded at Tora Bora Studios. All engineering producing and mixing were done by guitarist Patrick Scantlebury. Mixed at Tora Bora Studios in September 2004 and mastered by Tom Kvålsvoll at Strype Audio on October 12 2004. All lyrics are by Paul Mozart Bjørke.
 Jericho is the eighth studio album by Canadian-American rock group The Band.
 Ur jordens djup (English: From the Depths of the Earth) is the fourth full-length Finntroll album. It was released on March 28 2007. The album is the first to feature vocalist Mathias Lillmåns who replaced Tapio Wilska in 2006. Unlike in Nattfödd the lyrics for this album were written by the band's original vocalist Jan Katla Jämsen.This and other factors appear to contribute to a darker more black metal feel. A music video for Nedgång was released in April.
 Cobra Juicy is the fifth album by Pennsylvania based band Black Moth Super Rainbow. Initially scheduled to be released on October 9 it was eventually pushed back to October 23 2012.
 Suburban Noize Presents: Sub-Noize Rats is the third official compilation album by Suburban Noize Records released on September 2 2003.
 Fegh Maha is the fifth album released by Australian comedy trio Tripod and their second live album. It was nominated in 2004 for the ARIA category Best Comedy Release.Studio-recorded full-band versions of four of the tracks Let's Take a Walk On Behalf of all the Geeks Trees and I Always Get Into Stuff also feature on their CD Middleborough Rd.
 Perpetual Burn is the first studio album by guitarist Jason Becker released in 1988 through Shrapnel Records (United States) and Roadrunner Records (Europe). It was released around the same time as Dragon's Kiss the debut album of fellow Cacophony guitarist Marty Friedman who also co-produced and performed on Perpetual Burn.
 Baggage was the first studio album from the NY band Sirsy. Released September 2000 and Re-Released in November 2002.
 Sizzle is an album by American jazz saxophonist Sam Rivers featuring performances recorded in 1975 and released on the Impulse! label.
 Everybody Knows is the sixth studio album by country music artist Trisha Yearwood. Everybody Knows is an album containing country pop-styled ballads. It was given 3 out of 5 stars by Allmusic.The album reached #6 on the Billboard country albums chart. The album produced the fourth Billboard country Number One hit of her career in Believe Me Baby (I Lied) as well as a #3 in its title track and a #36 in I Need You.The album was also nominated for the CMA Album of the Year award.
 Stoned Immaculate: The Music of The Doors is a tribute album dedicated to The Doors. Producer Ralph Sall gathered an assortment of new classic and iconic artists for the record. Unusually the surviving members of The Doors played on this tribute record. In addition recordings of Jim Morrison were used posthumously in the creation of some of the tracks. Another posthumous usage the cover features a painting by Rick Griffin.
 Ohmwork is an album by GZR. It was originally released on May 10 2005 in the United States and on May 9 2005 in the United Kingdom. The artwork was done by Lawrence Azarad of LAdesign.
 Suicide Vampire is the fourth album from the Italian symphonic black metal band Theatres des Vampires. The Theatres des Vampires drummer Gabriel Valerio was unavailable during the recording of the album so the drums were recorded by Nick A. for this album.
 Abashokobezi (1906–2006) is the third and so far final album by the South African music project Bambata released in 2006 to commemorate the centennial of the Bambatha rebellion of 1906.This album sees the Bambata music project move more to the direction of a band effort. The key figures on this album are Mzala Zuma Philangezwi Bongani Nkwanyana and the new addition to the ranks of Bambata musicians vocalist Faca Kulu.
 Two Great Guitars: Bo Diddley/Chuck Berry is a studio album by Bo Diddley and Chuck Berry which was released in August 1964 by Checker Records and is now considered to be one of rock music's earliest super session albums.
 Prophets is the debut album by Canadian hardcore band Counterparts. It was released February 23 2010 through Verona Records. The album is out of print.
 Coolin' at the Playground Ya Know! is the debut studio album from American hip hop and R&B group Another Bad Creation released February 11 1991 on Motown.The album peaked at number seven on the Billboard 200 chart. By May 1991 it was certified platinum in sales by the RIAA after sales exceeding 1000000 copies in the United States.
 Valleyheart is the fifth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Justin Rutledge released February 12 2013 on Outside Music.Rutledge has described the album as having been inspired by the process of remastering and rereleasing his debut album 2004's No Never Alone in 2012.
 The Dude is a 1981 studio album by American musician and producer Quincy Jones. The album featured the debut of vocalist James Ingram on the singles Just Once and One Hundred Ways which reached no. 17 and 14 respectively on the Billboard Hot 100. It also contained Razzamatazz which reached no. 11 in the UK Singles Chart one of his few hits there. He won the Grammy award for best R&B vocal performance for his work on the album.
 A Drop of Water is the debut album by Keiko Matsui from 1987. The album was also released in 1993 and then 1997 adding a bonus track for the previous album.The original cover showed some colored pictures of Keiko Matsui with some other thing. The other released cover showed Keiko Matsui reaching for the Sun in the blue sky.
 On the Water is the third album by synthpop band Future Islands. The album was released on 10 October 2011 on Thrill Jockey records.The album was recorded in a friend's house in Elizabeth City North Carolina between March and May 2011. Wye Oak's Jenn Wasner duets on The Great Fire.The album peaked at number 12 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart.
 Chelsea Light Moving is the eponymous debut studio album by the American alternative rock band Chelsea Light Moving released on March 5 2013 on Matador Records. Recorded across two short sessions in Easthampton Massachusetts with producer Justin Pizzoferrato in mid-2012 the album features a form of alternative and experimental rock that the band dubbed Burroughs rock and includes references to writers avant garde artists the 1960s counterculture movement and New York.
 Punk-O-Rama Vol. 10 is the tenth and final compilation album in the Punk-O-Rama series. The following year saw the start of Epitaph Records' new compilation series Unsound.This is one of only two along with the previous entry to be released as a two-disc with a DVD. The DVD features current music videos by bands on the CD with the exception of C. Aarme The Weakerthans The Black Keys Atmosphere Horrorpops and Eyedea & Abilities who do not appear on the CD.
 Vande Mataram is a 1997 studio album by Indian musician A. R. Rahman. It is the largest selling Indian non-film album to date. It released on December 9 1997 by Columbia Records a music label under Sony Music. The album was released on the Golden Jubilee anniversary of India's independence and has been instrumental in instilling a sense of patriotic pride and national unity amongst the people of India.
 Teach Children to Worship Satan is a cover album by Dark Funeral.Tracks two through five were recorded for various tribute albums. An Apprentice of Satan was recorded as a preview and then re-recorded for their next studio album Diabolis Interium.
 USA (Unconformable Social Amputees) is the second solo album by rapper Saint Dog released on May 16 2006 by Suburban Noize Records.
 Love It When I Feel Like This is the debut album by baggy-influenced band The Twang which was released in the United Kingdom on 4 June 2007 through B-Unique Records. The album was produced by the band's long term collaborator Gavin Monaghan at The Magic Garden studio Wolverhampton and was assisted by Gazz Rogers.
 Separates (1978) is the second album released by the English punk band 999. Separates was released in America under the title High Energy Plan with a different cover and slightly altered track listing; on High Energy Plan Tulse Hill Night and Out of Reach are replaced by Waiting and Action.
 All This for a King: The Essential Collection is the first compilation album and greatest hits and twelfth and final album overall by CCM/modern worship group the David Crowder Band released on May 21 2013 by sixstepsrecords. The album was produced by the band. This album received critical acclamation and commercial viability.
 And That is the debut album from Mike Skinner and Rob Harvey's collaboration The D.O.T. It was released on Skinner's label The Beats on 22 October 2012.
 Forbidden Fruit is an album by Jazz singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone. It was her second studio album for Colpix.
 Chris and Conrad is Chris and Conrad's first studio album released on May 5 2009 through VSR Music Group. The first single from the album is their cover of Brooke Fraser's Lead Me to the Cross. The second single is You're the One.
 Art Blakey!!!!! Jazz Messengers!!!!! is a 1961 jazz album released by Art Blakey & the Jazz Messengers for Impulse! Records.
 Give Me Your Soul...Please is a concept album by King Diamond released on June 26 2007. The album's concept and cover art are both based on a painting titled My Mother's Eyes. The black cat featured in the album is based on King's own cat Magic.In the July/August issue of UK metal magazine Zero Tolerance Diamond elaborated on the themes of the album being a story of two dead children murdered by their father relating their tale to him.
 Long Gone Before Daylight is the fifth studio album by The Cardigans. After a long hiatus from their last album in 1998 (with members of the band experimenting with other projects) it was finally released in Japan on 19 March 2003 and in Europe on 24 March 2003. Later it was also released in Canada (April 22 2003) and North America (May 25 2004).The album differs from the band's earlier works.
 Jazzosaurus Rex is an album by David Murray released on Bob Thiele's Red Baron label. It was released in 1993 and features performances by Murray John Hicks Ray Drummond and Andrew Cyrille.
 Safe as Milk is the début album by Captain Beefheart and his Magic Band originally released in 1967. It is a heavily blues-influenced work but also hints at many of the features—such as surreal lyrics and odd time signatures—that would later become trademarks of Beefheart's music.The album is also notable for the involvement of a 20-year-old Ry Cooder who played guitar and wrote some of the arrangements.
 OK Now is the second full-length studio album by American singer-songwriter Jon McLaughlin. The album was released on October 7 2008 in the United States. OK Now was preceded by the electropop-influenced first single Beating My Heart in July 2008. Being released digitally in June 2008 the single charted in August 2008 and peaked at number 18 on Billboard's Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks.
 Maori i Crni Gonzales is the debut album by the Serbian punk rock band Atheist Rap released by Scorned Records in 1993. The album previously available only on compact cassette was rereleased by Take It Or Leave It Records featuring bonus material.
 Story of The Stones is a Rolling Stones compilation album released in the UK in 1982. The album reached number 24 on the UK charts.
 The Essential Poco is a compilation album of recordings by the band Poco released in 2005 as part of Sony BMG's Essential series.
 The Eye is the debut album of the Icelandic post-punk group KUKL. This album was released in September 1984 through Crass Records and was recorded at Southern Studios in January 1984. The album peaked at number 6 in the UK Independent albums chart.
 This Is Not a Dick is the last release EP by the band Supreme Dicks released in 1996.All songs recorded in Northampton Massachusetts from 1987 to 1994.
 This is about the music album. For the Filipino novel see More Than Conquerors (novel).More Than Conquerors is the fourth full length album by San Diego punk band Dogwood. It is their first to be released on Tooth & Nail Records. The title is a reference to the Bible passage Romans Chapter 8 verse 37; Nay in all these things we are more than conquerors through Him that loved us.
 The Calling All Crows EP was released by reggae-rock band State Radio on August 11 2009 as a preview for the upcoming album Let It Go which was released September 29 2009. It features three finished songs from Let It Go and was released exclusively on Apple's iTunes Store as a showcase of that material.
 A soundtrack by Goran Bregović for Emir Kusturica's 1988 film Time of the Gypsies (Dom za vešanje).
 Number 1 is an album by the band O-Zone. It consists of the following songs:
 Amen is the third studio album from Malian artist Salif Keita. It was released in 1991 by Mango and produced by Joe Zawinul.
 Entertainment! is the debut album by English post-punk band Gang of Four released in September 1979. This album was released on EMI in the UK and on Warner Bros. in the US.The music on the first album shows clearly the influence of punk yet also incorporates funk and less-obvious influences of reggae and dub similar to other bands at the time such as Public Image Ltd. Pere Ubu and The Pop Group.
 Oblivion POV & Some Trivia is a Rhino Records compilation album by Utopia that includes all of the tracks from the original Utopia albums Oblivion and P.O.V. and the song Man of Action which was originally the b-side to the U.K. single Mated and a bonus track on the cassette and CD versions of P.O.V.. It also includes the non-regular-album tracks Fix Your Gaze and Monument from the compilation album Trivia.
 Ayer Y Hoy is Menudo's 18th album (16th in Spanish) released in 1985 featuring Charlie Massó Roy Rosselló Robi Rosa Ricky Martin and Raymond Acevedo. This is the second album that this line-up recorded together.Ayer y hoy means yesterday and today in Spanish.
 AnneBisyosa is the debut studio album by Filipina actress & recording artist Anne Curtis. It was released on September 15 2011. The album features catchy positive bubbly tracks.
 The Ultra Selection is a compilation album by Spandau Ballet. It was released in 2005 by Disky Communications.
 Put On a Happy Face is a 1962 live album by the Oscar Peterson Trio recorded at the London House jazz club in Chicago.Three other albums were recorded by Peterson and his trio at the London House The Trio The Sound of the Trio and Something Warm. The complete music recorded by the trio at these sessions was released in 1997.
 Take Away/The Lure of Salvage is a record containing dub versions of XTC tracks released under the Mr. Partridge moniker of Andy Partridge. It was released on February 29 1980 on Virgin Records. Side A is titled Take Away and side B The Lure of Salvage. Partridge made Take Away... totally royalty-free for a cost of 2000 pounds and asked Virgin to set the price low.
 Hecho en Mexico is a Chican Rap album by the Mexican group Kinto Sol recorded in 2003-2004.
 Don't Mess With a Big Band (Live!) is a live album from the American swing revival band The Brian Setzer Orchestra released in 2010.
 Deep Hearted is the 2007 debut album of the hip hop group Strong Arm Steady.
 In the Kingdom of Kitsch You Will Be a Monster is an album by the Norwegian band Shining. It was released in 2005 by Rune Grammofon. The title is taken from a line in Milan Kundera's novel the Unbearable Lightness of Being.There are many cultural references in the track titles as well.
 Remix EP: The Spot is a 1998 EP by hip hop group The Beatnuts. It was released on February 10 1998 by Relativity Records. As its full title suggests The Spot is composed mainly of remixes: it also has three sequel songs and one new recording Treat$. The sequels features new vocals over the original beats while the remixes contains the original vocals set to new music.
 Painiac is a 1995 EP released by Raymond Watts (as PIG). Painiac has only ever been released in Japan. The version of the song that appears on this single is that of an earlier recording than the version that appears on Sinsation.
 Ghost is the second release by the Australian band In Fiction.Ghost debuted at number 14 on the Australian Aria Charts and stayed in the top 20 for 5 weeks.
 Palmless Prayer/Mass Murder Refrain is the collaborative album by Japanese acts MONO and World's End Girlfriend.
 Nosea Rahok (in Hebrew נוסע רחוק) is the second studio album of Israeli singer Chen Aharoni released in October 2012. A successful album for the participant in the Israeli reality show Kokhav Nolad five singles were released from the album concerned one of them namely Mami reached the top of the Israeli Singles Chart.
 Rock Machine - I Love You was a bargain priced sampler album released by CBS Records in the UK in 1968. It followed its equally successful predecessor The Rock Machine Turns You On. Rock Machine - I Love You entered the UK Albums Chart in June 1969 several months after its first release rising to no. 15 and was estimated to have sold over 90000 copies.CBS followed it up again in 1970 with two double sampler albums - Fill Your Head with Rock and Rockbuster.
 Cinderellen is the 2001 debut solo album by Canadian Ellen Reid.
 Galleon is a debut album by French Trio Galleon released in 2002. It includes three singles So I Begin I Believe and One Sign.
 Dressed to Kill is the third studio album by American hard rock band Kiss released in 1975. It was produced by Casablanca Records president Neil Bogart as the label's financial situation at the time did not permit the hiring of a professional producer.
 Mind Fusion is a 5-volume series of albums produced by Madlib.
 Plastic Eye Miracle is the debut album of God Bullies released in 1988 through Mad Queen Records. It was re-issued by Amphetamine Reptile Records in 1990.
 World Of Thought is an album by Marzio Scholten which was released on October 1 2010 on O.A.P. Records. Guitarist Anton Goudsmit wrote the liner notes for 'World Of Thought': Marzio Scholten gives the Netherlands claim to yet another masterful Jazz guitarist.
 Give 'Em More Rope is the second album from Ghoultown released in 2002 on Angry Planet Records.
 Suffering Hour is the first album by the St Louis thrash/progressive metal band Anacrusis released in 1988 on the European label Active Records. The album's recording was self-financed by the band members with $1200.The album was re-released on CD in 1990 by Metal Blade Records.
 Occupational Hazard is Unsane's fourth studio album released on January 27 1998 through Relapse Records. The song Committed is featured on the Tony Hawk's Pro Skater soundtrack.
 Tin Machine II is an album by Tin Machine originally released by Victory Music in 1991.
 Across the Sea of Suns is a Jefferson Starship live album. The album was produced by using recordings from four different live venues: Bottom Line in New York City; The IMAC at Huntington NY; New Park Entertainment in Philadelphia; and The Keswick Theatre in Glenside PA. The album had further studio production at American Recording in Calabasas CA. Most of the tracks used for the final album were from The Bottom Line and none of the tracks recorded in Philadelphia were used.
 Resurrection is an album by British punk band Vice Squad released in 1999. It features both new and previously recorded material since Vice Squad reformed in 1998.
 Ill Na Na is the debut album by American rapper Foxy Brown. It was released in the United States on November 19 1996 and on September 29 1997 in the United Kingdom. The album spawned Brown's first hit single I'll Be featuring hip-hop artist Jay-Z. The album debuted at number seven in the Billboard 200 with 109000 copies sold in its first week and eventually sold over a million copies in the United States.
 Solo Solo solosolo was PUFFY's second album. It was the group's solo album. Each one sang their own set of songs. It was released in 1997.
 Transatlanticism is the fourth studio album and second concept album by American indie rock band Death Cab for Cutie. It was released on October 7 2003 by Barsuk Records. The album was written mostly by lead singer Ben Gibbard and produced by Chris Walla. Upon its release Transatlanticism received universal acclaim from music critics and charted at number 97 on the Billboard 200.
 Animetal Lady Marathon II (アニメタル・レディー・マラソンII Animetaru Redī Marason Tsū) is the second and final studio album by Animetal Lady (Animetal with Mie of Pink Lady as the vocalist). As with Animetal Lady Marathon the album consists of heavy metal covers of shōjo anime theme songs children's anime theme songs and other anime theme songs sung by women. The album features a guest appearance by former Megadeth guitarist Marty Friedman.
 Earthquake Glue is the 14th record by Dayton Ohio rock group Guided by Voices. Working titles for the album included Model Prisoners of the 5 Sense Realm Live Like Kings Forever and All Sinners Welcome. The first 25000 copies were packaged in a numbered limited-edition digipak.
 Virus is the tenth studio album that was released on September 19 2005 by death metal band Hypocrisy. This is the first Hypocrisy album recorded with their new drummer Horgh (Reidar Horghagen) from the black metal band Immortal and second guitarist Andreas Holma.
 The Warped Tour 2007 Tour Compilation is the twelfth installment in the annual compilation series accompanying the Warped Tour. The compilation's cover is a photograph of Aiden singer WiL Francis playing on the 2006 Warped Tour.
 Given to Fly is the debut album released by Swedish pop singer Ola.It was released in Sweden in June 2006 and debuted at #1 in the official Swedish album chart.
 Caution is the fifth studio full-length album by the band Hot Water Music and released by Epitaph Records on October 8 2002.The track Remedy was featured in the soundtrack for Tony Hawk's Underground.
 Velocity of Sound is an album by The Apples in Stereo. It was the group's fifth album released in October 2002. The American release has an orange album cover while the European version is green and the Japanese version is blue. The bonus track is also different for each version.The album is somewhat louder and more aggressive than the band's four previous studio albums with more emphasis on electric instruments (such as the distorted sounds of an electric guitar) than acoustic.
 Adler's Appetite is an EP released by American hard rock band Adler's Appetite. It was produced by the band. Adler's Appetite was released in February 2005 and consists of four original songs by the band as well as two covers: Draw the Line by Aerosmith and Hollywood by Thin Lizzy. A studio album was planned for release in 2005 through Shrapnel Records but failed to materialise.
 Doubelievengod is the third album by Natas released in 1995.
 The Times They Are a-Changin' is a 1968 album by Burl Ives produced by Bob Johnston. It was probably recorded at Columbia Studios in Nashville with local session musicians. It features songs by Bob Dylan Paul Simon and Johnny Cash (all of whom had previously worked with Johnston) songs by Johnston's friend Charlie Daniels plus other pop or country standards.
 John Patitucci is the debut solo album of jazz bassist John Patitucci. The album charted #1 at the Billboard Top Jazz Albums 1987.
 S.E.S. Best is an album in 2002 by S.E.S.. This is a compilation of S.E.S' Korean singles but it excludes Show Me Your Love and Just In Love. Also missing is the singles version of Just A Feeling which was the remix featured on the group's fifth Korean album. Instead the original version is here. This album was only released in Japan.
 Out of the Black is a compilation album by The Stranglers.
 Mis Canciones Preferidas 2 (Spanish: My Favorite Songs 2) is the follow-up compilation to Mis Canciones Preferidas from 1986 by the Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge.It was released in 1991 and included her hits Laberinto De Amor Nunca Te Diré Adiós / En Concierto Vivencias and Portfolio. The album also included two new songs from singer/songwriter Braulio Ya No Hay Nada Que Callar and La Sombra De Lo Que Fuí.
 Broken Blossom is the fourth studio album by American singer Bette Midler her second album release in 1977 and her fifth on the Atlantic Records label.
 Doesn't Play Well with Others (Joey Cape album) is the second full-length solo album by Lagwagon and Bad Astronaut frontman Joey Cape released on June 1 2011. It was released with one song at a time each month during 2010 on Joey Cape's official website beginning on January 18 2010.The first track Going for the Bronze was released on January 18 2010 while the last track I Always Knew This Was Going to End Badly was released on December 12 2010.
 Soul Food is the soundtrack to the 1997 film Soul Food. It was released on August 19 1997 through LaFace Records and mainly consisted of R&B music with a bit of some hip hop. The soundtrack was a huge success peaking at #4 on the Billboard 200 #1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and was certified 2x Multi-Platinum on February 17 1998.
 bob hund is the Swedish band bob hund's first full length music album and second self-titled release.
 Muso Ko is the debut album by Habib Koité & Bamada.Two tracks I Ka Barra and Din Din Wo are included in the Sample Music package included with Windows Vista. The album is available on iTunes.
 Blood is an album released in 1991 by Ivo Watts-Russell's supergroup This Mortal Coil. The double album was the final LP in the project's history although Ivo used two TMC performers on his next project The Hope Blister in 1998. You and Your Sister was a #13 hit in The Netherlands and spent seven weeks in the Dutch Top 40.
 Sad Clown Bad Dub II is a 12-track band promoted album originally sold exclusively at Atmosphere concerts with a limited print run of 500 copies. The songs are a set of four track recordings taken over the course of year 2000 and were compiled on the first day of fall: September 21 2000. Emcee Slug states in the liner notes that he and producer Ant decided to call this CD Sad Clown Bad Dub II to preemptively head off any criticism of the recording's sound quality.
 Instinto y Deseo (Eng.: Instinct and Desire) is the title of the seventh studio album released in 2001 by performer Víctor Manuelle. This album became his first number-one album in the Billboard Top Latin Albums. Also received a Billboard Latin Music Award nomination for Tropical/Salsa Album of the Year Male which was awarded to Libre by Marc Anthony.
 Rain College Love – The Connect is a Tamil independent music album by Ajeesh. As the name says it all the concept of the album is how the three - Rain College and Love are connected.On 14 February 2013 being Valentine's Day the poster of the album was released in which a character a boy stands on a cloud with a guitar on his back when hearts and raindrops pour from the sky.A promo song from the album was released on YouTube on February 24 2013.
 Godzilla is the third studio album by rapper Yukmouth released July 22 2003 on Rap-A-Lot and Smoke-A-Lot Records.
 Roskilde 07.07.07 is the second live album by the Danish rock band Nephew.
 The album consists of two works composed by Steve Reich the first being Double Sextet the piece which won the 2009 Pulitzer Prize for Music written for two identical sextets of flute clarinet vibraphone piano violin and cello. It has been recently quoted as being among the finest pieces of our time by The Philadelphia Inquirer. The piece lasts roughly 22 minutes.The second 2x5 is for two identical quintets consisting of 2 electric guitars bass guitar piano and drum set.
 Occupation: Rock Star is the second release by Boston hard rock band Halfcocked it was released by Curve of the Earth in April 2000. The album won a Boston Music Award (BMA) for Outstanding Debut Album (Indie Label).
 Soldier is a 1980 album by proto-punk musician Iggy Pop. David Bowie and Simple Minds provide backing vocals on Play It Safe.It is the first album on which Iggy collaborated with ex-Sex Pistols bassist Glen Matlock. Videos were made for songs Loco Mosquito Knocking 'Em Down (in the City) and Dog Food. The album peaked at number 125 on the Billboard charts.
 In Person is a live album by American jazz pianist Bobby Timmons recorded in 1961 at the Village Vanguard and released on the Riverside label.
 Flersguterjunge is the fifth studio album by rapper Fler that released on 11 June 2010 over hip hop label ersguterjunge as Standard and Premium Edition.
 Supercharged is the eighth album by American soul/R&B group Tavares produced by David Foster Benjamin Wright and Bobby Colomby (former drummer of the rock group Blood Sweat & Tears) and released in 1980 on the Capitol label. Supercharged is similar in style to the group's previous album Madam Butterfly and although not as highly regarded at its predecessor critical reaction is generally positive.
 Blackjack is an album by American trumpeter Donald Byrd featuring performances by Byrd with Sonny Red Hank Mobley Cedar Walton Walter Booker and Billy Higgins recorded in 1967 and released on the Blue Note label as BLP 4259. The CD reissue included one bonus track recorded in 1963.
 Straight Outta Lynwood is the 12th studio album by Weird Al Yankovic. It was released on September 26 2006 in the U.S. by Volcano on September 30 2006 in Australia on October 3 in Canada on October 6 2006 in New Zealand November 13 2006 in the United Kingdom and November 24 2006 in Germany.
 New Jazz Conceptions is the debut album as leader by jazz musician Bill Evans released in 1956 on Riverside Records.
 Vive La Trance is the seventh studio album released by the German Krautrock band Amon Düül II which was released in 1973. Produced by Olaf Kübler and Amon Düül II and engineered by Peter Kramper Vive La Trance was recorded and remixed at Bavaria Studios with additional remixing done at Union Studio München. The album sleeve's photography was done by Falk U. Rogner and Gena Zimmerman with additional design and artwork by Jürgen Rogner.
 Upon the Wings of Music is an album by jazz fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty released in 1975. It was his first on the Atlantic label.
 Running with Scissors is the tenth studio album by Weird Al Yankovic released on June 29 1999. It was the fourth studio album self-produced by Yankovic. The musical styles on the album are built around parodies and pastiches of pop and rock music of the late-1990s largely targeting alternative rock and hip-hop alike.
 Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits compilation album by country music singer Clay Walker. It was released in 1998. Two previously unreleased tracks (Ordinary People and You're Beginning to Get to Me) are included on this album; both were issued as singles in 1998. The former peaked at #35 on the Billboard country charts while the latter was a #2 hit for Walker.
 Forbidden Songs is the first studio album by the Belgian melodic death metal band Anwynn. Forbidden Songs was released in April 2012.
 Surprise is the eleventh studio album by American musician Paul Simon released in May 2006.
 Turn Up The Music: The Hits of Point of Grace is the 16th album and second greatest hits album by Contemporary Christian group Point of Grace. The album reached #27 on Billboard Magazine's top Christian Albums on December 10 2011.The album was released on July 12 2011 and features songs previously featured on 2003's 24 release as well as songs from the albums I Choose You How You Live and No Changin' Us.
 Love Crazy is an album by the R&B band Atlantic Starr released in 1991 on the Reprise Records label. It featured three singles: the title track (#75 Pop #7 R&B) Masterpiece (#3 Pop #3 R&B) and Unconditional Love (#38 R&B). The album reached #134 on the Billboard 200 and #25 on the R&B charts.
 On Our Worst Behavior is the debut album by American band Immature released on September 22 1992 on Virgin Records.
 Loved by Thousands Hated by Millions is a compilation album of songs from American crossover thrash band M.O.D.. It was released in 1995 on Megaforce Records and contains material from the band's first three albums – U.S.A. for M.O.D. Gross Misconduct and Rhythm of Fear – and the EP Surfin' M.O.D..
 Your Cheatin' Heart is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams Jr. The full title is: The MGM Sound Track Album Hank Williams' Life Story - The MGM Film Your Cheatin' Heart Sung by Hank Williams Jr. The album number is E/SE-4260.
 Silent Hour/Golden Mile is the debut solo EP by American indie rock musician Daniel Rossen released on March 20 2012 on Warp Records. The self-produced EP comprises tracks Rossen had initially written for Grizzly Bear's fourth studio album Shields (2012).
 Big Boss Band is the 1990 studio album of George Benson on Warner Bros. featuring the Count Basie Orchestra.
 Icon is a compilation album by American country music artist Josh Turner. It was released on March 22 2011. It is part of a series of similar Icon albums released by Universal Music Enterprises. The album includes Turner's four number one singles (Your Man Would You Go with Me Why Don't We Just Dance and All Over Me) as well as album tracks As Fast as I Could and Backwoods Boy.
 Portfolio is the debut album by Grace Jones released in 1977 by Island Records. It spawned her first big hit La Vie en rose.
 Tsubasa is the sixth compilation album by Japanese singer Mikuni Shimokawa released on August 5 2009.The album was released on CD and DVD in one package. Regional distribution other than Japan also includes Taipei Shanghai Guangzhou Hong Kong and Seoul.[citation needed]
 LeftRightLeftRightLeft is a live album by British alternative rock band Coldplay released at 9:00 am GMT on 15 May 2009. The album was given away for free at all of the remaining concerts on the Viva la Vida Tour and was available as a free download on the band's official website. However the album was pulled from the band's website before the release of Live 2012.
 Live At The Apollo Volume II is a 1968 live double album by James Brown and The Famous Flames recorded in 1967 at the Apollo Theater in Harlem. It is a follow-up to Brown's 1963 recording Live at the Apollo. It is best known for the long medley of Let Yourself Go There Was a Time and I Feel All Right followed by Cold Sweat which document the emergence of Brown's funk style.
 East Coast Love Affair is Kurt Rosenwinkel's first album as a band leader.
 Bringing Home the Bait is the debut album of Live Skull released in 1985 through Homestead Records.
 Love Is Love/Return to Dust is the debut album by the American rock band Code Orange Kids. The album was released on November 20 2012 through Deathwish Inc. A music video for the song Flowermouth (The Leech) was released in October 2012.Love Is Love/Return to Dust ranked at number 23 on AbsolutePunk's top 30 albums of 2012 list at number 2 on The A.V.
 Captain America: The Winter Soldier – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the film score for the Marvel Studios film Captain America: The Winter Soldier by Henry Jackman which was released by Hollywood Records on April 1 2014.
 Live in Australia is a 2008 live album by American rock musician Chris Isaak. The album was recorded in Melbourne Australia in 2006.
 Dakota Moon is the self-titled debut album of the American R&B group Dakota Moon. It was released in 1998 on Elektra Records and produced two singles for the group. A Promise I Make their debut single was a #11 hit on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks charts and Another Day Goes By reached #19 on the same chart.
 Disco 4 also known as Disco Four is the eighteenth album by the UK electronic music duo Pet Shop Boys and the fourth in the band's Disco series. It was released on 8 October 2007 on compact disc and vinyl. It was not released on digital download due to licensing difficulties for each track.The album is mainly a compilation of Pet Shop Boys remixes of songs by other artists a first among any of their releases to date.
 Let's Face the Music and Dance is an album by American country singer-songwriter Willie Nelson. Nelson's second album under his contract with Legacy Recordings it was released on April 16 2013. The album produced by Buddy Cannon featured a collection of standards that Nelson and his sister Bobbie played throughout their careers.
 Chill Out Zone is an extended-play album released by UK Grime artist Wiley released independently on 12 July 2011 for free digital download. Two singles were released in preparation for the album: Seduction featuring Alexa Goddard and If I Could featuring Ed Sheeran.
 Out of Payne Comes Love was Freda Payne's sixth album released in 1975. All of the tracks except for Million Dollar Horse would be later issued on the collection Lost in Love.
 Of Entity and Mind is the first EP by the Norwegian neoclassical metal band Winds. It consists of an intro and 4 songs.
 Strange Love is the sixth studio album by the American rock band T.S.O.L. (True Sounds of Liberty) released in 1990 through Enigma Records. It was the band's final studio album to include singer/guitarist Joe Wood and drummer Mitch Dean and the only one to include guitarist Marshall Rohner. Bassist and sole remaining original member Mike Roche left the group after the recording of Strange Love reuniting with the rest of the original lineup in 1991.
 The Metal Opera is the first full-length album by Tobias Sammet's supergroup project Avantasia. It is a concept album and a rock opera and further information on the story can be found here. The album is followed by the sequel The Metal Opera Part II.
 Joonistatud Mees (The Picture Perfect Man) is the fourth Dagö album released in 2006.
 This One's For You is the fourth studio album by singer-songwriter Barry Manilow released in 1976. The album went 3x platinum and yielded the hits This One's for You Weekend in New England and the #1 Looks Like We Made It.
 Original Superman is the second independent album by multiple Dove award winning Christian rock band Pillar. Most of the songs were re-cut for their first major record label album Above.
 Not Going Under is the second album by Maria Arredondo released by Universal Music Norway on November 8 2004. Three singles were released from the album which were the first by Arredondo to have music videos.
 Acoustic is an acoustic alternative album by punk rock singers Joey Cape and Tony Sly released on May 18 2004 through Fat Wreck Chords.The album features 12 songs 10 of them are acoustic renditions of songs by the singers' respective bands - Lagwagon and No Use for a Name with each member also contributing one previously unreleased song.Although each singer went later on to a solo career and to record a solo acoustic/folk album on his own this is the first solo album for both Cape and Sly. 
 Deep Sea Chanteys and Whaling Ballads are two albums recorded then combined for release as a 1941 album by the Almanac Singers. The lineup of the group at the time was Millard Lampell Lee Hays Woody Guthrie and Pete Seeger. The group received a $250 advance for both albums and bought a Buick for a cross country tour.The songs are:
 Mr. Hollywood Jr. 1947 is the fifth album by Michael Penn originally released independently in 2005 on Mimeograph Records (Penn's United Musicians label) and distributed through SpinART Records.
 The Devil's Cut is the third studio album by heavy metal band White Wizzard released on June 3 2013.
 B.A.R.S. The Barry Adrian Reese Story is the third studio album by American rapper Cassidy. It was released under Full Surface Records/J Records. Before its release XXL Magazine ranked the album the 10th most anticipated album of 2007. The album debuted at #10 on the Billboard 200 with 63000 copies sold in the first week released.
 Never Apologise Never Explain was the eight full-length album by the band Therapy? and the second to be released on Spitfire Records. It was released on 27 September 2004. The album was recorded in June 2004 at Parkgate Studios Hastings. Never Apologise Never Explain marked a return to the claustrophobic sound of the bands’ early releases. It failed to chart in the Top 200 of the UK Albums Chart. The album was not released in North America.The album was released on CD only.
 Fire & Snow is the debut album of Australian singer songwriter Mandyleigh Storm. This album was crowdfunded through Sellaband. The album was recorded by Mick Glossop and Ben Roulston and Dean Street Studios London mixed by Mick Glossop at Magazine Studios London and mastered by Kevin Metcalfe at Sound Masters Studio London.
 Done by the Forces of Nature is the second studio album by American hip hop group Jungle Brothers released November 9 1989 on Warner Bros. Records. Recording sessions for the album took place in 1989 at Calliope Studios in New York City and production was handled by the Jungle Brothers. It was mixed at Apollo Studios by Kool DJ Red Alert and the Jungle Brothers.
 Moonwalk (Chinese: 月球漫步) is Taiwanese Mandopop trio boyband JPM's first studio Mandarin album. It was first released on 26 August 2011 by Sony Music (Taiwan). On January 25 2013 JPM released a Japanese version of the album. It consists of Normal Edition and First Press Limited Edition which comes with a bonus DVD containing five music videos one-hour music special and interview footage.
 Maximum XS is a greatest hits album by the Scottish hard rock group Nazareth released in 2004. Most of the songs are alternate or live versions that do not appear on other albums.
 Our Kid Eh is the second album from the spoof band The Shirehorses comprising two BBC Radio 1 DJs Mark Radcliffe and Marc Riley (a.k.a. Mark and Lard). This album's title is a play on the name of Radiohead's album Kid A and it reached #20 on the UK Albums Chart.
 The Biggest Bang is a four-disc concert DVD collection released by the Rolling Stones. The collection documents several shows from the band's 2005–2006 legs of the A Bigger Bang Tour. The DVD debuted at #1 on Billboard's music video chart selling 20422 copies during the first week and has sold almost 48000 copies to date (14 September 2007). It was certified 7x multi-platinum in U.S for shipments of 175000 sets.
 Kokoro no Hoshi (心の星 Heart's Star) is Becky♪♯'s debut album. It was released on February 24 2010. For the months of March and April 2010 Becky was on tour to promote this album. The album comes as a special price edition; a standard edition with a special photo booklet; and a deluxe edition with the photo booklet a mini-scrunchie designed by Becky and a postcard to mail in for information on the live tour Becky is performing for the album.
 Dada is the self-titled fourth full-length studio album by the alternative rock group dada and their debut album for MCA Records. In the U.S. it was released on September 8 1998. Upon its release dada charted at number 32 on the Billboard Heatseekers Albums chart. Prior to the album's official release California Gold was released as the first single from the album. Later in 1998 Information Undertow was distributed to radio stations as a promotional single.
 Parsley Sage Rosemary and Thyme released October 1966 is the third album by Simon & Garfunkel. It was produced by Bob Johnston and Rolling Stone magazine co-founder Ralph J. Gleason provided the liner notes. The name comes from the second line of the album's first track Scarborough Fair/Canticle. The album peaked on the U.S. charts at #4.The closing track 7 O'Clock News/Silent Night includes a news bulletin mixed in with the music.
 Live One is a live double album by Australian musician Tommy Emmanuel.
 Cult Fiction is the third studio album by Virginia based metalcore band Spitfire. It is the follow up to the band's 2006 album Self-Help. The title of the album seems to be a reference to a previous work by Jon Spencer's first band Scarlet titled Cult Classic.
 III (Bass Communion III or Bass Communion CDR) is the name of the third studio album released by British musician songwriter and producer Steven Wilson under the pseudonym Bass Communion. It is a compilation of leftover pieces recorded between 1995-1999 that were not included on either of the previous two Bass Communion albums. In 2008 the album was re-issued together with II in a 2-CD edition limited to 1200 copies.
 The Beau Brummels is the sixth studio album by the American rock band of the same name. Released in April 1975 the album features the work of all five original bandmembers for the first time since the band's debut album 1965's Introducing the Beau Brummels. The album peaked at number 180 on the U.S. Billboard 200 albums chart in 1975.
 Broken Wings: The Encore Collection is the first U.S. compilation album of the eighties band Mr. Mister. It contains the billboard hits Broken Wings Kyrie Hunters of the Night Is It Love and Something Real (Inside Me/Inside You). The album contains all full album versions of the songs except for Broken Wings which has its radio edit featured on this album.
 Queen of Soul is the sixth studio album by American Blues artist Etta James. The album was released on Argo Records in 1965 featuring the singles James had released during the year.Two songs on the album: Baby What You Want Me to Do and Loving You More Every Day charted on the Rhythm and Blues and Billboard Pop Chart. It was James's first studio album in two years since the release of Etta James Top Ten.
 Shine On is third live album by American heavy metal band Riot released in 1998 in Japan by Zero Corporation and in the US by Metal Blade Records.
 Live at Leeds is the first live album by English rock band the Who. It was the only live album that was released while the group were still actively recording and performing with their best known line-up of Roger Daltrey Pete Townshend John Entwistle and Keith Moon. Initially released in the United States on 16 May 1970 by Decca and MCA and the United Kingdom on 23 May 1970 by Track and Polydor the album has been reissued on several occasions and in several different formats.
 Triumph was the debut album by Canadian hard rock band Triumph released in 1976. The album was remastered and re-released with a new cover and name in 1995 called In the Beginning (then remastered again in 2005).
 Into the Murky Water is the second full length studio album from band The Leisure Society released on 2 May 2011 by independent record label Full Time Hobby.
 Outsourced is the debut stand-up comedy album of Canadian comedian Russell Peters. It was recorded at The Warfield Theatre in San Francisco California in summer 2006. It aired on Comedy Central on August 26 2006 and it became available on CD/DVD on August 29 2006. In Canada Outsourced was certified 11 times platinum (110000 copies).
 Back to Back: Raw & Uncut is a 2008 compilation album by hip-hop artists Method Man & Streetlife.
 Looking for the Sunshine is an album by the American folk music group The Kingston Trio released in 1983 (see 1983 in music). It was the first release comprising mostly new material since Children of the Morning in 1966. The album had little distribution failed to chart and the two singles released from it were used for promotional purposes only. It is out of print.
 Havatum em is the fourth studio album by Armenian recording artist Sirusho released on May 22 2010. The album offers a variety of styles of music genres and styles such as Pop and R&B. The lead single is a ballad called Havatum em that she performed live both at the Armenian national selection for Eurovision 2010 and at the Maltese Eurovision selection 2010.
 Blues Anytime: An Anthology of British Blues is a series of compilation albums featuring tracks from various British blues artists.
 America Underwater by LoveHateHero is the follow-up to their second album White Lies. The album was originally titled Fight or Flight with a spring release date. The release date was moved to Sept. 29 and later the album was entitled Cash Banning America Underwater. The title track was released on Vans Warped Tour 2009 compilation CD. The song Echoes was released on their Myspace early June.Both Echoes and America Underwater (song) are available as singles on iTunes.
 Best of the Sugar Hill Years is a compilation by Red Dirt artist Reckless Kelly. It features songs from their three albums from Sugar Hill Records Under the Table and Above the Sun Wicked Twisted Road and Reckless Kelly Was Here.
 No Borders Here is the second album (and first to be available outside Canada) by Jane Siberry.The album's single Mimi on the Beach was Siberry's breakthrough hit in her native Canada and remains one of her most famous songs. Toronto's CFNY was the first radio station in Canada to recognize the song's hit potential.[citation needed] The song's video was also one of the first influential clips on MuchMusic.
 This Is London is second album by West London Post punk and Indie band The Times released in 1983.
 International Magic Live at The O2 is the debut video album by English rock band Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds. Released on 13 October 2012 the album documents the band's performance at The O2 Arena in London on 26 February 2012 as part of their High Flying Birds Tour. The footage was directed by Dick Carruthers produced by Carruthers and Jeremy Azis and features the full performance from the show as well as additional footage from the tour.
 The BDI Thug is the solo debut from hip-hop artist Buckshot of the group Black Moon and the collective Boot Camp Clik. The album received harsh reviews and sales were cut short after Buck's label was dropped from their distribution deal. The title BDI Thug references the nickname 2Pac gave to Buckshot in the summer of 1996 during the recording of the unreleased One Nation album.The BDI Thug was re-released by Duck Down Records in 2003 with a number of bonus tracks.
 Remembering Tomorrow is an album by pianist Steve Kuhn recorded in 1995 and released on the ECM label.
 Options of a Trapped Mind is the debut album by Slovenian Thrash metal band Negligence. It was self-released on June 11 2007 and later re-released through Rock It Up Records.
 Love is Louder is the second studio album and by English musician James Cottriall released on February 24 2012 by Pate Records. The album includes the singles By Your Side Smile and Stand Up. It peaked to number 10 on the Austrian Albums Chart.
 Black Glory is a live album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in Munich 1971 and released on the Enja label.
 Christmas Time's A-Comin' is an album of Christmas music released in late 1994 by American country music singer Sammy Kershaw. His first seasonal project it comprises a mix of traditional songs and newly recorded material. The title track a bluegrass holiday standard written by Benjamin Tex Logan charted in 1995 and 1998 on the Billboard country charts respectively reaching #50 and #53 in those years.
 Maleficium is the fifth album for Swedish heavy metal band Morgana Lefay.
 It's a Crazy World is an album released by country music artist Steve Wariner. It was released in 1987 by MCA Nashville. Three singles were released from it and all three reached number-one. This album peaked at #30 on Top Country Albums.
 Let the Music Take You is a live album by David Murray. It was originally released on Marge Records in 1978 and re-released in 1993 on CD. It features a live performance by Murray Lawrence Butch Morris Johnny Dyani and George Brown recorded in concert in Rouen France on January 30 1978. The album Last of the Hipmen (1978) was recorded at the same concert.
 21st Fortune is the fourth (third of entirely new music) solo album released by Daisuke Asakura on September 19 2002.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the Swedish group Ace of Base.
 Love & Passion is a series of two greatest hits compilation albums by cantopop singer Prudence Liew released between 1990 and 1991 bookending the release of her studio album 聽我細訴 Listen to Me.
 Love Bug is the second album by American organist Reuben Wilson recorded in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label. The CD reissue added one bonus track.
 Welcome to Diverse City is the second full length studio album released by Christian singer TobyMac. The songs on this album deal with racial tolerance in society and a desire to know God better.
 A Girl Can Mack is 3LW's second album. It is their follow-up to 3LW their first release. In this album they grow more mature here and it is evident that they have evolved from their little girl image. It is a mixed bag of ballads and upbeat songs. The follow-up to their platinum self-titled debut is a declaration of equal power in the relationship game. The album was considered at lot more racier and sexier than their last album.
 Blood Moon is the debut album by New York based band Apes and Androids. It was self-released on CD and through iTunes in 2008.
 A. R. Rahman Forever is a 2010 greatest hits album by Indian musician A. R. Rahman. It contains some of the evergreen hit tracks composed by Rahman from various Bollywood films. Released under the label of Venus Worldwide Entertainment it consists of fifteen tracks.It was listed among the list of Amazon Best Sellers Rank.
 In an Outrage is the eight studio album by the American heavy metal band Chastain released in 2004 through Leviathan Records. The album was re-issuued in Europe by Massacre Records in 2006.
 Under the Radar Over the Top is the fourteenth studio album by German hard dance group Scooter. The album was released on 2 October 2009 preceded by the single J'adore Hardcore on 14 August. A second single Ti Sento was released on the same day as the album.
 Hammer and Anvil is the third full-length album by British progressive rock band Pure Reason Revolution released by Superball Music on 15 October 2010 in Germany Austria and Switzerland 18 October in the rest of Europe and October 25 in the United States. According to Rock Sound in Hammer and Anvil the band have retained most of their heavy hooks to create a great crossover record.
 Only Human Remains is an album by Toronto industrial band Fractured released in 2005. It reached #4 on the German Alternative Charts. Track 1 features text written and performed by spoken wordcore artist It-clings.
 Te Llevas Mi Vida is the second studio album released by Los Mismos in 1997. This was the final album that featured all of the members of Los Bukis together.
 Change of the Century is the fourth album by jazz saxophonist Ornette Coleman released on Atlantic Records in 1960 his second for the label. Recording sessions for the album took place on October 8 and 9 1959 at Radio Recorders in Hollywood California. Two outtakes from the sessions Music Always and The Circle with the Hole in the Middle would later be released respectively on the 1970s compilations To Whom Who Keeps A Record and The Art of the Improvisers.
 Gurrumul is the debut album for Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu. It is performed in a mixture of both Yolngu and English. It reached number three on the ARIA charts won ARIA awards for Best World Music Album and Best Independent Release and won a Deadly for Album of the Year. The track Gurrumul History (I Was Born Blind) also won a Deadly for Single of the Year.The album reached 3x Platinum sales in excess of 210000.
 Show Your Bones is the second full-length album by New York indie rock band Yeah Yeah Yeahs. It was released on March 27 2006 (March 28 2006 in North America). The album was nominated for a 2007 Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album.The album debuted at number 11 on the U.S. Billboard 200 with about 56000 copies sold in its first week.
 Reinvention is the second remix album from Christian Rock band Superchick. It was released on April 20 2010. A solo breakout from bassist Matt Dally entitled “Let It Roll” is the project’s debut single. The second release is Still Here.
 K-Narias first album 40 Entre Las 2  sold 50000 copies in the Canary Islands (the most sold in the Islands in the last ten years) in only three months.40 Entre Las 2 is the first record work of the K-Narias a project that is born to vindicate in the letters of their songs the defense of the woman despised by some Latin interpreters. The urban rates of their music and the canary accent serve them to fight against the aggressions to the women.
 Mountain Battles is the fourth album from the American alternative rock band The Breeders. The album was released on 7 April 2008 by 4AD in the United Kingdom and 8 April 2008 in the United States.Kim and Kelley Deal can be seen writing and recording an early demo for Walk it Off in the Pixies reunion documentary loudQUIETloud. In December 2007 Pitchfork Media reported the first details about the album and its release as well as a track listing.
 The Broken Bones is an EP by the band MxPx released in 2000.The EP is a 7 red vinyl record that plays at 331⁄3 RPM.It was released under A&M records in 2000 before the release of the album The Ever Passing Moment. The EP was manufactured and distributed in the US by Universal Music and Video Distribution Inc.
 The Blakes LP is The Blakes' first commercially available album (previous releases were independent and available at shows etc...) originally self-released in 2006. After gaining national exposure due to radio play on Seattle-based independent radio station KEXP the band signed to local label Light In The Attic. On their new record label The Blakes LP was remastered and re-released with new album cover art and two additional tracks Magoo and Run.
 The Story So Far... is the seventh album by Lúnasa. It was released in 2008 on Compass Records and was mainly arranged by Trevor Hutchinson. Two tracks Morning Nightcap and Aibreann were re-recorded in Nashville. Other tracks were revisited and remixed. It is considered a best-of album.
 Erewhon is David Thomas and Two Pale Boys debut studio effort as well as Thomas' first record outside the Pere Ubu banner since that group's reformation in 1987. The Two Pale Boys are a trio consisting of Keith Moliné on midi-guitar and Andy Diagram on trumpet through electronics.
 It's a Big World Out There (And I Am Scared) is an EP by American indie rock band Kurt Vile and the Violators released on November 19 2013 on Matador Records. The EP is the second to be credited to both Vile and his backing band and is included on the deluxe edition of Vile's fifth studio album Wakin on a Pretty Daze: Deluxe Daze (Post Haze).
 So It's Like That is the second studio album by American blues rock musician Joe Bonamassa. Produced largely by Bonamassa and Clif Magness it was released on August 13 2002 by J&R Adventures and topped the US Billboard Top Blues Albums chart. It is Bonamassa's only album so far live or studio to be composed entirely of original material.
 Walk Don't Run is the soundtrack to the 1966 film of the same name composed orchestrated and conducted by Quincy Jones.Allmusic's Stephen Cook describes the score as having a Henry Mancini inspired sound with excellent contributions from Toots Thielemans and Harry Sweets Edison.Jones collaborated with Peggy Lee on the songs Happy Feet and Stay with Me. Jones was recommended to score the film by its star Cary Grant who had met him through Peggy Lee.
 Acid Memories was a cassette created by Boards of Canada released in 1989 under their own label Music70. It was released in highly limited quantities to friends and family of the band. Except for a 26 second excerpt of Duffy formerly available on the EHX website (Electronic Audio Artform in The Capital) in the late 1990s it is not available to the public. This sample can be found on YouTube.
 Agnes is the debut album composed of the songs performed by the Idol 2005 winner Agnes Carlsson. The album debuted at #1 in Sweden and stayed there for 2 weeks. The lead single Right Here Right Now (My Heart Belongs to You) written and produced by Jörgen Elofsson topped the Swedish Top 60 Singles chart for six weeks. The second single released off the album Stranded was less successful peaking at #27 in the Swedish singles chart.
 The Last Laurel is an EP released by Indie rock band Starflyer 59. It was released in 2004 on Tooth & Nail Records.
 No Rest For The Wicked (1985) is the second album release of British rock band New Model Army Vengeance (1984) being their first. It was the band's first release on major record label EMI and their last featuring founding member Stuart Morrow. The album reached #22 in the UK albums chart.A key element on its cover is a quotation from the Magna Carta To no man will we sell or deny or delay right or justice.
 Best of Traffic is a compilation album by the band Traffic released in 1969.The U.S. LP version of the compilation had a different cover design and replaced Smiling Phases with You Can All Join In.
 666667 Club is an album by French rock band Noir Désir. It was released in France and other European countries on 17 December 1996. The album was certified double platinum in France on 17 September 1997 which at the time signified sales of above 600000. The French edition of Rolling Stone magazine named this album the 12th greatest French rock album (out of 100).Lyrics and Music by Bertrand Cantat and Noir Désir except Septembre En Attendant.
 This article describes the fourth album in the Israeli Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 4 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 4 was released in 2001. The album is the 4th edition of the Israeli Now! series and the first single disc album in the series.
 Calling All Corpses is the fourth studio album by American horror punk musician Wednesday 13. It was released on 11 October 2011. On Wednesday July 13 Wednesday released the track listing via Braveworlds.com The Album artwork was created by D.A Frizell who has worked with Artists such as Avenged Sevenfold and Sevendust. The CD was mastered by Tom Baker at Precision Mastering who has worked with Artists such as Marilyn Manson Nine Inch Nails Rob Zombie and Ministry.
 Live in the U.K. is the first live album released by the band Helloween. It was released in some countries as Keepers Live. In the United States it was released as I Want Out – Live without the track Rise and Fall and with a shorter edit of the introduction. The album was recorded in Edinburgh Scotland and Manchester England in November 1988. This is Helloween's only official live album with Michael Kiske on vocals. This is also the last album made with Kai Hansen.
 The Story of the Ghost is the seventh official studio album by the American rock band Phish. It was released by Elektra Records on October 27 1998.Much of the album originated during large-scale improvisation sessions. The band then took favorite moments from those in-studio jams and wrote songs around them adding lyrics from a book of writings by long-time Phish lyricist Tom Marshall.
 Perfect War Forever is the first studio EP by American progressive metal band Glass Cloud. It was released on October 22 2013 through Equal Vision Records.
 A Long Time Comin' is the first album by American rock band The Electric Flag released in 1968. The meat of the album is soul along with blues and rock with a horn section. It is widely seen as an ambitious debut album by music critics.
 Arkansas Heat is an EP by the American garage rock band The Gossip it was released on May 7 2002.
 Smooth Sax Tribute to Earth Wind and Fire is a tribute album to the R&B band Earth Wind & Fire by Keyboardist Todd Burrell and Keyboard and Saxophone player Walter Chancellor Jr. The album was released on May 11 2004 on Tribute Records and was produced by both Burrell and Chancellor Jr.
 Some Disenchanted Evening is an album released by The Verlaines in 1989 by recording label Flying Nun Records.
 Lean Juicy Pork was a promotinal interview CD from Industrial supergroup Pigface released in 1991 as a companion to Welcome to Mexico... Asshole It mainly featuring members of Pigface discussing what being in the band means to them. The album consists of interviews and a few remixes or live versions of songs.
 God of Thunder is an EP by White Zombie released in 1989. It was the band's first release with Jay Yuenger on guitar.
 Riders of the Plague is the second full-length album by American heavy metal band The Absence. It was released on August 7 2007 on Metal Blade Records.
 Poor Moon is the first full length album released on August 28 2012 by Seattle based band Poor Moon and their second release on US label Sub Pop.A review in Pitchfork magazine called the band a who's who of acts regional and national.
 Hum It is the thirtieth studio album by Ray Stevens released in 1997 on the MCA Records label. It was his seventh album for MCA and was recorded at the Ray Stevens Sound Studios in Nashville Tennessee. The album was arranged and produced by Ray Stevens. J.D. Sumner made a guest appearance as Mama on the track Mama Sang Bass. Three singles were lifted from the album Mama Sang Bass Too Drunk to Fish and Virgil and the Moonshot all of which failed to chart.
 Ulay Ze Ani (Hebrew: אולי זה אני English translation: Maybe it's Me) is the debut album of the Israeli artist Yoni Bloch released in 2004. The band members that accompany Bloch in this album are Tomer Lahav (Guitar) Or Zovelski (Drums) Tal Kirshboim (Bass guitar) Karolin Lavel (Cello) John Mathias (Viola and Violin) and Efrat Gosh (singing and vocals). Most of the texts of the album were written by Barak Feldaman in cooperation with Bloch.
 Loud Guitars Big Suspicions is the debut album by American blues-rock artist Shannon Curfman released in 1999 for Arista Records. The title comes from a line in the Sheryl Crow song Hard to Make a Stand which Curfman covers on this album. The record was produced by Shannon Curfman herself along with Kevin Bowe and Tom Tucker.Two singles were taken from it: True Friends and Playing with Fire both of which charted in the U.S.
 Zig Zag is the fourth studio album by American rock band The Hooters and was released in 1989.
 Matter+Form is the fifth studio album by futurepop duo VNV Nation released in 2005. It was co-engineered by German trance DJ Humate (Gerret Frerichs). Chrome was released as a one-track single.It charted at no. 38 in the mainstream German charts.
 The Joy Of… is an album by FourPlay String Quartet.This is their second studio album Though still predominately consisting of covers Has more original pieces than their debut album.
 The Last Separation最后一次分手aka Vicki's New and Bestis a 2001 album by mainland Chinese pop singer Zhao Wei.The title song is based on her break-up with her boyfriend and was written by Taiwanese love story writer Chiung Yao.
 Come Around Sundown is the fifth studio album by American rock band Kings of Leon released in Ireland Australia and Germany on October 15 2010 followed by releases in the UK on October 18 and North America on October 19. The official album covers and tracklist were revealed on September 3. The lead single Radioactive along with its accompanying music video premiered on September 8 on the Kings' official website.
 Heavenly is the 5th studio album by Mikuni Shimokawa. This album contains 14 tracks of which ten were songs created by herself.
 Places is the lone album by the Washington D.C. indie rock band Georgie James released on September 25 2007. It includes the singles Need Your Needs and Cake Parade. Guest musicians include Andrew Black (The Explosion) T.J. Lipple (Aloha) Tony Cavallario (Aloha) and Matthew Gengler (Aloha). The artwork for the album was designed by the band and Zack Nipper.
 Speed the Memorial Best 1335days Dear Friends 2 was the last best album (Part 2) of the Japanese J-pop girlband Speed before their official breakup on March 2000. This album was released on March 29 2000.
 Black Cocaine is an extended play by hip hop duo Mobb Deep. It's the first project by the duo since Prodigy's release from prison posing the prospects of another group album after a long hiatus. The project was announced by producer The Alchemist through his Twitter account.
 Twentythree Places is the second album released by the American singer-songwriter Matt Wertz.
 Fantasía Pop (Pop Fantasy) is the third studio album by the Mexican electropop band Belanova. It was released in September 2007 in Mexico Spain the United States and the rest of Latin America. The album was recorded in Argentina. The first single Baila Mi Corazón premiered on July 2 on Mexican radio station Los 40 Principales.The album was certified gold by AMPROFON in Mexico only three days after its release for selling over 50000 copies.
 Deal It Out is Tom Fogerty's fifth solo album.
 Let it Be is an EP released by American comedy metal/punk act Green Jellö in 1984.
 Shinin' n' Grindin' is the fourth Album by southern rapper E.S.G.. The album has sold over 100000 copies
 So Much Better is the third album by Carl Thomas and debut release on a new record label Bungalo Records. It was released in the United States on June 5 2007. The label has major distribution by Universal.The album debuted at number 25 on the U.S. Billboard 200 selling about 28000 copies in its first week. As of July 11 2007 it has sold 58037 copies in the US.
 Shibuya Rockstransformed Jōtai (シブヤRockstransformed状態) is the first live album released by Number Girl in 1999.
 Give Me the Music is the second album of Eva Avila the winner of the fourth season of Canadian Idol. It was released in Canada on October 28 2008.
 Attic Faith is Emmett Tinley's first full-length solo album released on April 15 2005 on Independent records.
 Disco Blood is the fifth album by the band Dorso.
 Shrines is the debut album of Canadian electronica duo Purity Ring. It was announced on April 23 2012 by 4AD and was released on July 24 2012. The album reached number 100 on the UK Albums Chart. In the United States it reached number thirty-two on the Billboard 200 and number two on the Dance/Electronic Albums.The album was listed 24th on Pitchfork Media's staff lists top 50 albums of 2012 and 14th on the reader list.
 Everything Goes Wrong is the second studio album by lo-fi/punk band Vivian Girls released though In the Red Records in September 2009.The album was named as one of Rough Trade's Top Albums Of 2009 was placed 19th in WUML's albums of 2009 and was featured in Artrocker's Top 100 Albums of 2009 (placed 61st).
 Sexmagick Ritual was the third full-length LP by Sleep Chamber. The lineup on this recording was John Zewizz Richard Geller Lawrence Van Horn Darlene Victor Malcolm Smith Jonathan Briley and Richard Geller. The recording included material recorded between 1983 and 1986.The album was pressed in the US by Inner-X-Musick on cassette (without a catalog number) and vinyl LP (under the Inner-X-Musick pseudonym Trinity Records catalog number SLEEP CHAMBER 002300).
 Strength in Numbers is the fifth album from New York-based Calla.
 Love Me Again is a 1978 album by Rita Coolidge and was released on the A&M Records label. The title track Love Me Again was released as a single and then covered and appeared as a single for Patti Austin in 1980.
 Somebody's Watching Me is singer/songwriter Rockwell's debut album released in 1984 on Motown Records. It featured the song Somebody's Watching Me (with Michael Jackson on vocals in the chorus) as well as the minor hit Obscene Phone Caller.
 Blues from the Apple released in 1974 by Oblivion Records is the only album under the leadership of guitarist and vocalist Charles Walker.
 'My Private Selection[check quotation syntax] is the third album by Linda Chung and was released on March 25 2011. It contains 18 tracks of which 5 are new while the others are a compilation from the previous albums. Notable is the 5th song I can afford to love which was originally a duet with Stephanie Cheng now a solo.
 Get Here and Stay is the second full-length album by American indie rock band 764-HERO. The album was first released on Up Records on October 20 1998.
 Tammy Cochran is the debut album by American country music artist Tammy Cochran. It was released in 2001 by Epic Records and peaked at #27 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. The album includes the singles If You Can So What Angels in Waiting and I Cry.
 Shut Your Mouth is an album by Frenzal Rhomb released on 20 November 2000. Originally scheduled to be released on 6 November it was the first and last Frenzal Rhomb album to be issued in Australia on the Epic label which dropped the band less than six months later. It was released by Fat Wreck Chords around the world and re-issued by Epitaph/Shock Records in the band's native Australia with the U.S. track listing.
 Hits and Pieces is the greatest hits album by Australian rock band The Screaming Jets. The album contains two new tracks off the band's upcoming album Scam. There is also a version available with a bonus disc titled Live at the Palais Newcastle.
 Absolute Value is the second full-length album by Boston rapper Akrobatik. It was released on February 19 2008 by Fat Beats Records. The album features guest appearances by hip-hop luminaries such as Talib Kweli Chuck D and B-Real as well as production by the likes of 9th Wonder Illmind J Dilla and Da Beatminerz. Despite receiving rave reviews the album has sold about 600 units in its opening week.
 On the Racks is a hits compilation album by Belgian electronic band Lords of Acid. It contains tracks originally appearing on the band's four studio albums Lust Voodoo-U Our Little Secret and Farstucker but the songs are censored for the general public.
 Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded – The Re-Up is the reissue of American recording artist Nicki Minaj's second studio album Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded (2012). It was released on November 19 2012 by Young Money Cash Money and Republic. Released seven months after the original The Re-Up features seven newly recorded songs and an exclusive behind-the-scenes footage DVD. The new material incorporates hip hop and R&B styles.
 Summer Romance is a Cantopop album by Leslie Cheung first released in 1987. This album first catapulted the then struggling Leslie Cheung to instant fame and star status when first released.
 Divine Discontent is the fourth album by American band Sixpence None the Richer released in 2002.
 Chàngyóu (Chinese: 唱遊 literally singing game/Singing voyage) is an 1998 Mandarin album by Beijing-based singer Faye Wong. It includes 10 tracks in Mandarin with a bonus disc of 3 Cantonese tracks.The name Chàngyóu (唱遊) is the title of an official Chinese primary school music teaching coursebook which was in use at least as early as 1943.
 After five years of absence Sasha Sökol returned her music career with 11:11. Different musicians collaborated with her Julieta Venegas Nacho Maño from Presuntos Implicados Juan Pablo Manzanero and Jorge Reyes. It includes cover versions of Suzanne Vega Nina Hagen and Marry Me Jane. First Single “Serás el Aire” was a huge success. She started an acoustic tour to promote this record.
 Play On is the sixth solo album by John Miles in 1983. EMI promised that Miles would use a top producer and top session musicians for his second album for EMI.Eventually they chose Gus Dudgeon who had worked with artists like Elton John Chris Rea and Elkie Brooks.
 Suser videre is the eleventh studio album by Norwegian rock band deLillos. Since they re-united the original line-up from 1985 they released this album as deLillos'85.
 Underwater People is the second album by The Samples. It contained live material demos unreleased songs and alternate versions. It was originally released on November 30 1991 and later re-released by What Are Records? in 1992.
 Flood the Tanks is an album by the Northern Irish singer songwriter Iain Archer. The album was originally released in 2004 but was later re-packaged and re-released on a different label in 2005. The songs Running in Dreams  and Boy Boy Boy were released as singles.
 Return of the Boom Bap is KRS-One's first official solo album released in 1993 on the Jive Records label. It peaked on the Billboard 200 charts at position 37 on October 16 1993. In 1998 the album was selected as one of The Source's 100 Best Rap Albums.
 Straight to the Point is Damion Hall's first and only album. It spawned but one single Satisfy You featuring Chanté Moore which reached #48 on the Billboard R&B charts. The album included a few songs produced by Brian McKnight.[citation needed]
 Demon's Dance is an album by American saxophonist Jackie McLean recorded in 1967 for Blue Note but not released until 1970.
 Happy Together is the first greatest hits album released by Twins. It was first released in November 2002 and consisted of 3 CDs (4 new songs and 20 selection hits) and 1 VCDalong with 10 different covers.A second version of this album was released in 2003. This version consisted of 2 CDs and 1 VCD and was similar to the first version. However since the Chinese New Year was coming a celebration song Ni Zui Hong (你最紅) was included in the album.
 So Good is the debut album by British recording artist Mica Paris. It was released on 27 August 1988 by 4th & B'way Records.The album was a commercial success peaking at number six on the UK Albums Chart and also appearing stateside on the Billboard 200 and Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums charts.
 Forms of Paper is an experimental musical piece by Steve Roden created solely from heavily distorted sounds of paper being handled. It is considered to be the first lowercase album an ambient music movement where extremely quiet sounds are amplified using a computer.
 Johnny Cash at Madison Square Garden is an album by Johnny Cash that was recorded in December 1969 at Madison Square Garden in New York City but which was not released until 2002 (making it his 86th album overall).The album was recorded just 4 months after Cash's seminal At San Quentin was released which is probably why it was not released soon after its recording. As with all Cash live shows of this period he was backed up by the Tennessee Three which consisted of W.S.
 Showcase is the fourth album by the Los Angeles California-based R&B group The Sylvers.
 Night Shot is a 2008 album by Ruby Isle.
 What Have We Become is the second and final full-length album from the hard rock band Seemless.
 There's a Poison Goin' On is the seventh studio album by American hip hop group Public Enemy released July 20 1999 on Atomic Pop Records in the United States. Its title is adapted from the title of Sly & the Family Stone's album There's a Riot Goin' On (1971). The album was originally made available through the Internet on May 18 1999 via the now defunct Atomic Pop website.
 Dawg Jazz/Dawg Grass is an album by American musician David Grisman released in 1983.
 Butterfly House is the sixth full-length studio album by English indie rock band The Coral. The album was produced by John Leckie whose previous collaborators include The Stone Roses and Radiohead. and was recorded at RAK studios in London as well as Rockfield in South Wales. It was released on 12 July 2010 to great critical acclaim. The album was recorded through a two-year span where the band road-tested the material.
 Charlestown is the eleventh studio album released by Guy Manning.
 Honky Tonks and Cheap Motels is the first studio album by Whitey Morgan and the 78's.
 Wonderland is the debut studio album from the indie rock band Forgive Durden. It was released by Fueled by Ramen on May 9 2006. The album (or a majority of the songs on it) makes references to the works of Lewis Carroll including Alice's Adventures In Wonderland and Jabberwocky as well as works by others such as The Wizard of Oz by L. Frank Baum and Newsies by Kenny Ortega.
 The Fittest Selection is a 1987 album by Burning Spear.
 Les plus grands succès de Céline Dion (meaning Céline Dion's Greatest Hits) is a French greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion released in Quebec Canada on September 17 1984. It is her 8th French album and 1st greatest hits.
 Be My Lover is the third studio album by R&B singer O'Bryan.
 Midnight Special is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded in 1960 and released on the Blue Note label. The album was recorded at the same session which produced Back at the Chicken Shack (1960).
 The Video Collection: '97–'03 is the first video album by Greek singer Despina Vandi released in 2003 by Heaven Music in Greece and Cyprus. It features videos from the beginning of Vandi's collaboration with songwriter Phoebus since 1997. All of the music videos were directed by Kostas Kapetanidis.
 Révisionnisme is the third studio album by French electronic metal band The CNK. It is a covers album featuring Snowy Shaw on various tracks.
 Truly Blessed is the eleventh studio album by R&B singer Teddy Pendergrass released in March 1991 on the Elektra label. Four tracks were produced by Pendergrass with four of the tracks produced by him and Terry Price and the remaining three produced by Derek Nakamoto and Craig Burbidge.Truly Blessed peaked at #49 on the Billboard 200 and #4 on the R&B chart.
 Makin' Love Is Good for You is thirty eighth studio album B. B. King album released in 2000.
 Sex Therapy: The Session is the fourth studio album by American R&B recording artist Robin Thicke released December 15 2009 on Star Trak Entertainment in the United States. Sex Therapy also features guest contributions by Jay-Z Game Kid Cudi Snoop Dogg Nicki Minaj and Estelle. The album debuted at number 9 on the US Billboard 200 chart selling 123000 copies in its first week. Upon its release Sex Therapy received generally positive reviews from music critics.
 Big Shiny Tunes 3 is the third edition of the MuchMusic compilation series Big Shiny Tunes. It was a successful follow-up to the series' previous Diamond certified release Big Shiny Tunes 2. The album was assembled by having its audience vote on which songs they would like to have included a novel process. The album debuted at #1 on the Canadian Albums Chart and was certified 8x Platinum (800000 units) by the CRIA.
 Chilldrin of da Ghetto is the debut album by American rap group Chilldrin of da Ghetto released October 12 1999 by Hoo-Bangin' Records and distributed by Priority Records. Chilldrin of da Ghetto also known as C.O.G. is composed of Goldiz Bad Seed and P-Child. The album was produced entirely by Goldiiz and Mack 10. It peaked at number 158 on the Billboard 200 at number 8 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers and at number 24 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Ancient Dreams is the third album of Swedish doom metal band Candlemass and was released in 1988 and reissued in 2001 by Powerline Records with bonus CD. The cover art of the album is a painting made by Thomas Cole second in his series The Voyage of Life entitled Youth.
 Angel Witch is the first album by British heavy metal band Angel Witch. The album was released in 1980 through Bronze Records and since then re-released in 4 editions over the years. The cover features a painting formerly attributed to John Martin entitled The Fallen Angels Entering Pandemonium. The song Angel Witch was featured in the 2009 video game Brütal Legend. The album made Angel Witch one of the key bands in the New Wave of British Heavy Metal movement.
 À chacun son histoire is the second studio album and the first internationally released album by Natasha St-Pier on 2000 (see 2000 in music).
 Filmworks XVII: Notes on Marie Menken/Ray Bandar: A Life with Skulls features scores by John Zorn for two documentary films. The album was released on Zorn's own label Tzadik Records in 2006 and contains music that Zorn wrote and recorded for Notes on Marie Menken (2005) directed by Martina Kudlácek and a percussion score for Ray Bandar: A Life with Skulls directed by Beth Cataldo.
 Adapt is a 2004 album by Trace Bundy. This 2-disc set includes a full-length studio CD and a full-feature live DVD; recorded live at Flatirons Theater June 30 2004.
 The Mixing It Session was released in 1999 on Tugboat Records in the UK. A six-song EP single taken from a BBC Radio 3 session recorded in 1994 it was the final release from Disco Inferno.
 Ben Hur is the second and final album released by the American post-hardcore band Bitch Magnet.
 Hello is the debut album by South London five-piece The Capes. It was released by Hard Soul Records mid-October 2005 in the UK and on February 28 2006 in the US.The album sees the band expanding on the promise of their 2005 Taste EP fusing catchy Britpop-style hooks with complex arrangements harmonies and splashes of synth.
 76:14 is an ambient music album by Global Communication. Initially released via Dedicated on June 1 1994 the album has been re-issued a number of times most recently in 2005 in an expanded and remastered version.The title of the album corresponds to the record's total running time in minutes and seconds. Likewise each track on the album is correspondingly titled after its respective length.
 Slomotion is the fifth studio album by The Watchmen. The album was released as 2 CD set where the second CD was a greatest hits package. This was the band’s last studio album.
 Envaatnags Eflos Solf Esgantaavne is the fourth full-length studio album released by the black metal band Horna. It was released in 2005 on Woodcut records.
 Happiness Is is the sixth studio album by American rock band Taking Back Sunday released on March 18 2014 through Hopeless Records. The album produced by Marc Jacob Hudson and Mike Sapone is the second consecutive album to feature the band's revived lineup of vocalist Adam Lazzara guitarist/vocalist John Nolan guitarist Eddie Reyes bassist Shaun Cooper and drummer Mark O’Connell.
 Live Loudest at the Budokan '91 is the eight live album by the Japanese band Loudness. It was released at the end of 2009 as a package of a CD and a DVD with recordings and footage from a concert held in Tokyo Budokan during the 1991 tour to promote the On the Prowl album with Mike Vescera on vocals.
 Long Hard Ride is the fifth studio album by The Marshall Tucker Band released in 1976 and produced by Paul Hornsby. Guest performers included Charlie Daniels John McEuen and Jerome Joseph. The title track was made into a short film that was played as a sort of movie trailer. It depicts the members of the band as a gang of cowboys. The album's cover features Frank C. McCarthy's painting The Last Crossing.
 Revelation is the thirteenth studio album (fifteenth overall) by American rock band Journey and their first with Filipino lead singer Arnel Pineda. It features 10 new songs (Faith in the Heartland was previously recorded with Steve Augeri) 12 re-recorded greatest hits and a DVD (North American version only) featuring the current lineup's March 8 2008 concert in Las Vegas Nevada.
 The Human Romance is the seventh studio album by the American melodic death metal band Darkest Hour. The album was released on February 22 2011 in North America through E1 Music and was released on March 7 in Europe through Century Media Records. This would be Darkest Hour's last album with longtime drummer Ryan Parrish before he and the band parted ways in December 2011 It is also the last album with longtime bassist Paul Burnette who left the band in June 2012.
 Original Doberman is the second studio album released by Jamaican rapper Shaggy. Released on July 1 1994 the album has become Shaggy's only album not to have any singles released from it. The album features several duets with Rayvon some of which were included on Rayvon's Greatest Hits compilation which was released in 2003. Lately was used as the theme to popular Jamaican game show Lamba between 1994 and 1995. The album was re-issued in 2002 with the same tracklisting.
 To the Core is the seventh studio album by guitarist Vinnie Moore released on May 26 2009 through Mascot Records.
 Surfing with the Alien is the second studio album by guitarist Joe Satriani released in 1987 through Relativity Records. The album is one of Satriani's most successful albums to date and contributed greatly to establishing his reputation as a respected rock guitarist. It is his third highest-charting album on the U.S. Billboard 200 reaching No. 29 and remaining on that chart for 75 weeks the longest of any of his releases.
 Anthology was released in 1993 and remains the biggest single Ben E. King album to date. This two-disc collection spans 50 songs covering his entire career to this point.16 LPs on the album are not necessarily hits but are nonetheless included to provide insight on King's history.
 Animotion is the self-titled debut release from Los Angeles synthpop sextet Animotion. Released in 1985 it features the group's biggest hit single to date Obsession.
 The Futureheads was The Futureheads self-titled debut album. It was released on 12 July 2004 and spawned the singles First Day Decent Days and Nights Meantime and Hounds of Love (a Kate Bush cover). The album received critical praise and was re-released as a special edition in 2005 featuring a DVD and coming with a slightly re-designed cover in pink rather than the standard LP's grey.
 Down to Earth is the debut album by Monie Love which was released on October 30 1990 on Warner Bros. Records. It peaked at 109 on the Billboard 200 and at 26 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and spawned three charting singles.
 Live! Blueswailing July '64 is a live album recorded by English blues rock band The Yardbirds in July 1964. The recordings were found only in 2003 so the exact date of the concert is unknown.
 Mutilate is Angerfist's second studio album. It is a 2CD album.
 Moving Mountains is the third album by the band Moving Mountains. It was released on September 10 2013.
 Lifetime: The Collection is a compilation album by The New Tony Williams Lifetime released in 1992 on Columbia/Legacy Records. The album contains all of the music from the two original New Lifetime albums Believe It (1975) and Million Dollar Legs (1976).
 Sinatra '65: The Singer Today is a 1965 compilation album by Frank Sinatra.The album is a collection of various singles and sessions highlighted by the hits Luck Be a Lady Anytime At All Somewhere In Your Heart Stay With Me and Tell Her (You Love Her Each Day). The version of My Kind of Town featured here is not the edited single version.
 Made for Each Other is the debut album by Canadian country music artist Calvin Wiggett. It was released by Royalty Records in 1995. The album peaked at number 14 on the RPM Country Albums chart.
 Jygri is the first album released by the Norwegian band Gåte and sold 40000 copies in Norway.
 Messages: Syntax / Error is a digitally released two sided EP released by Ki:Theory on April 14 2011.
 Sensational is the second album by British R&B-soul singer Michelle Gayle released in 1997. It includes three singles which reached the UK Top 20; Do You Know (UK #6) Sensational (UK #14) and the remixed version of Happy Just to Be with You (UK #11) which had been released as a single in 1995. The original version of this song features on her debut album Michelle Gayle.Sensational reached number 17 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Give Till It's Gone is the tenth studio album by Ben Harper. The album was released in Italy on May 10 2011 and worldwide on May 17 2011 by Virgin Records.It is Harper's first solo album since Both Sides Of The Gun released in 2006. However his band Relentless7 feature prominently on all the tracks even co-writing some of the tracks with Harper.
 Foundation is a box set by the British Melodic Rock band Magnum. It was released in 1990 by FM Records.
 To Travel Sideways is the tenth studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts. It was the first of two albums released by the group in 1995.
 Speakerboxxx/The Love Below is the fifth studio album by American hip hop duo OutKast released September 23 2003 on LaFace Records. Issued as a double album its playtime of more than two hours is distributed over solo albums from each of the group's members.
 The Definitive Collection is a 2001 greatest hits compilation album of all the singles released by Swedish pop group ABBA. It consisted of two discs: the first featuring the singles from 1972–79 (People Need Love to Does Your Mother Know) and the second including the singles from 1979–82 (Voulez-Vous to Under Attack) with the tracks being listed in chronological order.
 Fiesta Fatal! is the 1993 debut album by B-Tribe. Described by Allmusic as sounding like the music of Vangelis with a Spanish flavor its title track was a European hit.
 Last of Seven is the debut solo album by Pat Monahan lead singer of the band Train. The album was released on September 18 2007. Notable guest appearances include Brandi Carlile who joins Monahan on the ballad Pirate on the Run while Graham Nash sings backup on Cowboys and Indians and Bon Jovi guitarist Richie Sambora plays on Someday.The album's first single Her Eyes was released to radio in July 2007.
 Love Is Everything is the 28th studio album by American country music artist George Strait. It was released on May 14 2013 via MCA Nashville. Lead-off single Give It All We Got Tonight was released October 29 2012 and became a top-10 single. Strait co-produced the album with his long-time producer Tony Brown. The album release is accompanied by a Spring 2014 concert tour The Cowboy Rides Away Tour.
 Re-Entry is the second album by the Illbient band Techno Animal released on June 20 1995 through Virgin Records.
 MagentaMantaLoveTree was an album released in 1993 by Dighayzoose. This was their second album clocking in at nearly 65 minutes long. All band members participated in the writing process with the exception of Jimmi Rodrigez. The album was a departure from their debut which had been according to multiple critics essentially a Red Hot Chili Peppers clone.
 Back Country is a live CD/DVD released by Five For Fighting on November 6 2007. The album was recorded at a concert in Orlando where he performed hits like Superman (It's Not Easy) and 100 Years.Back Country is the first live CD/DVD to be released by Five for Fighting and it comes over a year after the release of Two Lights.
 Fix Me Up is a debut EP by the American band A Firm Handshake. It was released on February 15 2013 on the independent Rock the Cause.
 Nightmusic Volume 3 is an album produced by Steve Helstrip and featuring various trance and electronica artists.
 Stop Me is a compilation album by English band The Smiths. It compiles the band's then-latest (but not last) three singles and their B-sides in reverse-chronological order. Stop Me was released in January 1988 by their Japanese record company RCA Victor.
 The Baldachu EP is an EP by the San Diego California pop rock band Reeve Oliver released in 2004.
 Live in a Dive is a live album by Californian punk rock band Swingin' Utters. Released in 2004 it is the sixth in the Live in a Dive series. The album features songs from all the band's albums and many of their E.P.s up to the album Dead Flowers Bottles Bluegrass and Bones which was released a month before Live in a Dive was recorded.
 Blood And Aphorisms is the first EP by the band As Tall As Lions which was self-released in 2002. Some of the songs were later re-recorded for the album Lafcadio
 Sonne (English: Sun) is the seventh studio album under the project Schiller created by the German electronic musician Christopher Von Deylen. The album was announced on the project's official website and Facebook page on July 28 2012 (2012-07-28) and was released on October 5 2012 (2012-10-05). On this album Schiller has collaborated with among others American multi-instrumentalist and vocalist Adam Young of Owl City and Andrea Corr of Irish band The Corrs.
 Live from the Living Room: Volume One is a free digital EP from American rock band The Format. It was released in The Living Room the fan club section of their website on March 10 2006. The inclusion of Volume One in the title implies that it was intended to be the first in a series of releases.
 Roads is the debut studio album by American recording artist Chris Mann released on October 30 2012 by Universal Republic. Mann participated in the season two of the singing reality show The Voice ultimately placing fourth but being the first of the second season to release an album.
 Hidden Stash is the first b-sides and rarities collection and second official album of the Kottonmouth Kings released on October 26 1999. Shortly after the release of previous album Royal Highness Saint Dog left the group to pursue a career with his brother Big Hoss who according to the song Big Hoss was in prison at the time Royal Highness was made. To replace him they called in their old friend (and original Kottonmouth King) Johnny Richter who is still part of the group.
 One is the second album by British house music trio Dirty Vegas released 18 October 2004 in the UK (see 2004 in British music).
 Those Sessions is a 1997 EP by The Olivia Tremor Control. The album is also known as Peel Sessions for BBC radio jock John Peel who worked on it with The Olivia Tremor Control.
 Reopening the Gates is the fifth studio album of the American heavy metal band Omen. It was originally released in 1997 by Massacre. Kenny Powell is the only original Omen member playing on that album and also the producer of it.
 Fire & Fleet & Candlelight was the fourth album by Cree singer and songwriter Buffy Sainte-Marie.More than its predecessor Little Wheel Spin and Spin it marked a significant departure from the simple folk songs of her first two albums. Following the same path that Joan Baez and Judy Collins were taking at the time Sainte-Marie relies on the orchestration of Peter Schickele on Summer Boy The Carousel and Hey Little Bird.
 Cold Dark Matter is the fifth release by Industrial metal band Red Harvest. It was released in 2000. It was later re-released in 2001 in the US with extra tracks.
 Pet is the debut album by New Zealand rock band Fur Patrol released in 2000.
 The Gray Race is the ninth full-length album of the punk rock band Bad Religion which was released in 1996. It was the follow-up to the band's highly successful 1994 album Stranger Than Fiction.This was the band's first album not recorded with original guitarist Brett Gurewitz (since the 1984 EP Back to the Known) and is their first release with Brian Baker who replaced him during the Stranger Than Fiction tour.
 Soft and Beautiful is the eleventh studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin Released on June 20 1966 by Columbia Records. The album was recorded when Aretha was 22 years old between July 9–16 1964 It was her last album on Columbia before she moved to Atlantic Records and up until 1969 previously unreleased although an alternate take of A Mother's Love appeared on Franklin's 1966 Columbia LP Soul Sister. It reached Number 29 on Billboard's R&B chart.
 Incandescent is the 1985 debut album by Crumbächer. All songs on the album are by Stephen Crumbächer except track 7 Sweet By and By which is a Christian hymn with lyrics by S. Fillmore Bennett and music by Joseph P. Webster arranged by Stephen Crumbächer.According to Stephen Crumbächer the masters have been lost making a re-issue or re-release highly unlikely.[citation needed]
 I Wish My Brother George Was Here is the debut album by Del tha Funkeé Homosapien. The title of the album is a reference to George Clinton whose music was an influence on Del as well as to the late pianist Liberace who would on occasion openly pine for his brother George to appear on Liberace's television program in the mid-1950s.
 Arabology is the debut album by electronic duo Y.A.S. The album was released in France on 8 June 2009. The lead single Get It Right was released in June 2009. The duo began recording the album in 2007. Mirwais Ahmadzaï wanted to create an electronic music album that had an Arab identity. Moreover he wanted to present a different representation of Arab culture to balance the view of Arabs as terrorists often publicized in the Western media.
 God in Three Persons is a rock opera/concept album by The Residents released in 1988. It was about a man 'Mr. X' and two conjoined twins. The songs are all sung in a rhythmic spoken word fashion similar to talking blues. A companion soundtrack album featuring most of the instrumental backing tracks was also released.
 Songs for Slim is an EP by the band The Replacements. The EP was recorded and sold to benefit former bandmate Slim Dunlap who had suffered a stroke.
 Pleasure to Burn is the second studio album released by the hard rock band Burning Rain.
 El Alma Joven Vol.II (English: The Young Soul Volume II) is an album by Mexican Singer–songwriter Juan Gabriel It was released in 1972.
 Today is the debut album by American dream pop band Galaxie 500 released in 1988 on the independent label Aurora Records.
 Get On Up and Dance was a 1996 album released by the Quad City DJ's. The Quad City DJ's were made up of Jay Ski and C.C. Lemonhead both of whom had previously worked with Chill Deal 95 South and 69 Boyz and producing hits such as Whoot! (There it is) for 95 South and Tootsee Roll for 69 Boyz. Singer JeLana LaFleur also contributed to the album with sung vocals.
 Harperspace is a 2000 album from UK singer-songwriter Nick Harper. It was produced by Glenn Tilbrook of the band Squeeze and released on Tilbrook's own Quixotic label.
 Icon 3 is a studio album (not to be mistaken by the band iCon3) was recorded by Asia band members John Wetton & Geoffrey Downes in 2009 and released the same year. It is their third under the Icon off-shoot. Andreas Vollenweider and Anne-Marie Helder guest on several songs.
 Stone Brick Glass Wood Wire (Graphic Scores 1986–96) is a double live album by English guitarist composer and improvisor Fred Frith. It comprises a series of graphic scores Frith composed in 1992 for any number of players. It was performed live by Frith Ikue Mori Zeena Parkins and the International Occasional Ensemble at five concerts in Canada (October 1992) Italy (May 1992) Belgium (May 1994) Netherlands (October 1994) and Germany (October 1995).
 Boris Archive is a three disc compilation of live material by Japanese band Boris. The first disc comprises various live renditions of older songs and material from Amplifier Worship and the Boris/Barebones split EP. The second disc is three drumless drone songs. The third disc is a live set consisting of the 65-minute Absolutego and the 70-minute Flood played back-to-back in 37 minutes. Altogether 600 copies of each disc were pressed with the intention of being sold individually.
 Albatross: How We Failed to Save the Lone Star State with the Power of Rock and Roll is the fifth album by Fishboy and the first of their records to be released on Happy Happy Birthday to Me Records.
 Patruns is an album composed performed and recorded by Ron Geesin. Released in 1975 Patruns features Geesin's piano only. The LP is not available on CD with the exception of the frenetic Smoked Hips (The Time Dance) which was included in a collection of his work Hystery.
 Room is the second solo album (third overall album) of singer-songwriter and actress Katey Sagal. It was originally released on June 1 2004 by the record label Valley Entertainment.
 The People or the Gun is Anti-Flag's seventh studio album. The album was released on June 9 2009. It was their first album released on independent label SideOneDummy Records after the band's two-record contract ended with RCA Records. The first track Sodom Gomorrah Washington D.C. (Sheep In Shepherd's Clothing) was released on the band's MySpace page prior to the album.
 Esperanza is the eighth studio album by the German solo artist Michael Rother. It was released on 11 March 1996. Excepting 1993's compilation album Radio the studio album was Rother's first since 1987 and his sole full release of material in the 1990s.The album was recorded between January 1995 and January 1996 in Germany at Rother's own studio Random Studio in Forst and Studio B3 Hamburg.
 Destroy The Children is the debut solo album by Electric Six frontman Dick Valentine released on May 14 2012. The album has been described by Valentine as an Acoustic Exploration of Uneasy Topics.
 Only the Greatest is a 1968 album by Waylon Jennings on RCA Victor. It includes the single Only Daddy That'll Walk the Line which Jennings took to #2 on the country music charts that year. Walk On Out of My Mind also charted that year peaking at #5.
 Safar is the second full length album of the Pakistani rock band Karavan released in 1999.
 ''Blue Resolution -Ao no Shikaku Kaiseki do - (Blue Resolution－青の思覚解析度－) also known as Quantum Mechanics Rainbow III: Blue Resolution is the eighth (seventh of entirely new music) solo album by artist Daisuke Asakura. It is the third in a series of seven albums released by Asakura in 2004 called Quantum Mechanics Rainbow. Each album revolves around a different color of the rainbow and a different term relating to Quantum Mechanics. This album revolves around the color blue.
 Rebel Within is the fifth solo album by country singer Hank Williams III. It was released on May 25 2010. The album was Williams' last authorized album from Curb Records. The track listing was announced on Hank's website on February 25.
 Retrospective II: 1981 to 1987 is a compilation album by Canadian rock band Rush released in 1997 (see 1997 in music). The album is essentially a collection of their best songs from the second decade of the band.This compilation album is now disc two of the 2006 Rush 2-disc compilation album Gold.
 Oblivion EP is the second EP by Atlanta based sludge metal band Mastodon. It was released via the internet on November 4 2009. This EP is only for sale in digital format. The Bit is a Melvins cover.
 Old Mornings Dawn is the seventh full-length album by Summoning. With two bonus tracks contained by the box-set and forest green white and orange vinyl double LP versions this album is to the date the band's longest one. The cover art is based on George Hetzel's painting Rocky Gorge.
 Songs About Girls is the third studio album by American artist will.i.am known from his work with The Black Eyed Peas. The original title of the album was Keep the Beeper. The album was released on September 25 2007. The first single released from the album was a club track titled I Got It from My Mama which debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at #93 on the 17th of August 2007. The album was recorded by Pardraic Kerin and will.i.am and mixed by Dylan 3-D Dresdow.
 Blood & Honour is the third album by British white power rock band Skrewdriver released in 1985. It was released by German record label Rock-O-Rama. All of the songs were written by Ian Stuart Donaldson.
 Beethoven's Last Night is a rock opera by the Trans-Siberian Orchestra released in 2000. The album tells the fictional story of Ludwig van Beethoven on the last night of his life as the devil Mephistopheles comes to collect his soul. With the help of Fate and her son Twist Beethoven unwittingly tricks the devil and is allowed to keep his soul which he had thought lost but that the devil had no claim on.
 Beautiful World is the fifth album by Colorado rock band Big Head Todd and the Monsters and their third with Giant Records. Released in 1997 the album produced two hit singles— Resignation Superman and their cover of John Lee Hooker's Boom Boom—as well as the fan favorites Tower and Please Don't Tell Her all of which remain staples at the band's live shows.
 The Remixes: Oso Eho Foni & Aftos Pou Perimeno is a rare EP released by Greek pop singer Anna Vissi in 1997 by Minos EMI. The single featured the 1980 hit Oso Eho Foni and the 1979 hit Aftos Pou Perimeno both of which are Minos EMI back catalogue tracks in remastered remix versions by Dan Taylor and Alex Palamaras which gained airplay in radio stations and clubs in Greece.
 Woman is an album by Burt Bacharach in collaboration with the Houston Symphony Orchestra that was released in 1979 on A&M Records. It is a recording of a live four hour recording session that took place on November 2 1978 at Jones Hall in Houston Texas. The project was originally conceived by Bacharach and Michael Woolcock. Guest vocalists included Carly Simon on the song I Live In The Woods Libby Titus on the song Riverboat and Sally Stevens on the song There Is Time.
 J.U.F. (Jüdisch-Ukrainische Freundschaft) is a collaboration between members of Gogol Bordello and Balkan Beat Box released in 2004 by Stinky Records. The name is inspired by German industrial band Deutsch Amerikanische Freundschaft who got their name from the GDR state organization Deutsch-Sowjetische Freundschaft (German-Soviet Friendship).
 Fac Not Fiction is the second studio album by American rap group 187 Fac released August 26 1997 on Penalty Recordings. It was produced by Ant Banks Clint Payback Sands Ephriam Galloway Ivan Johnson Mike Mosely and Spice 1. The album peaked at number 81 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. It features guest performances by Spice 1 Ant Banks B-Legit V-Dal Big Lurch Captain Save 'Em and the former member of the group Frank J
 The Wanted is the self-titled debut studio album by British-Irish boy band The Wanted released on 22 October 2010 through Geffen Records. The majority of the album was written by members of the band with help from songwriters Steve Mac Wayne Hector Ed Drewett Lucas Secon Lukas Hilbert and Alexander Kronlund.
 Los Lobos del Este de Los Angeles is an album by Los Lobos. It was self-released by the band in 1978 and features traditional Tex-Mex songs.
 Best Kept Secret is the third studio album by singer Jennifer Paige. It was released on April 25 2008 in Germany and selected European countries. The first single was Wasted the second single was Underestimated and the third single was The Calling. The album was re-released as a deluxe edition on November 20 2009 featuring a few new songs including the new single Beautiful Lie with Nick Carter.
 Club Meeting is the third studio album by Billy Preston released in 1967. Basically it is a continuation of The Wildest Organ in Town!.In 2004 The Wildest Organ in Town! and Club Meeting were released together.
 Naj Najbolja (English: The Very Very Best) is the 2003 debut studio album from influential Serbian pop singer Marija Šerifović. The album was an immediate success.Videos were shot for the songs Znaj da znam and Naj najbolja.
 The Party Album also known as The Party LP is a 1978 live blues recording by Alexis Korner. The album features Alexis Korner and various guest musicians singing a mix of both classic blues songs as well as some of Korner's own. The concert was a celebration of Korner's 50th birthday.The album was originally released in 1980 and re-released in 1993.
 The Very Best of Sandie Shaw is a compilation by 1960s British girl singer Sandie Shaw. Released in 2005 by EMI it contains digitally remastered versions of all her most popular hit singles from 1964 to 1988. It is actually the first compilation to feature the original recordings of all her UK chart hits.
 On To Evermore is the third studio album of the band Glass Hammer.
 Live in Orlando (in Portuguese: Ao Vivo em Orlando) is the second video album by Trazendo a Arca. It was recorded in Orlando USA in 2011.
 Here Are the Young Moderns released on January 9 1998 was Kill Hannah's debut album under their current name and has been out of print for some time.
 Where I'm Coming From is the thirteenth studio album released by American recording artist Stevie Wonder. It was released by Motown Records on April 12 1971.This album is considered a groundbreaking record for Wonder in that it is the first album in which he had complete artistic freedom in its production (Stevie Wonder had taken charge of his own music starting with this album).
 Born in the Basement is the second album by the Sacramento California punk rock band the Groovie Ghoulies released in 1994 by Green Door Records. It was recorded at Egg Studios in Seattle with producer Conrad Uno and engineer Mark Guenther. The album's artwork is credited to The Poison Pen with a band photo taken by Curt Doughty.The opening track Blood Intro is an instrumental version of Blood Beach from the band's preceding album Appetite for Adrenochrome.
 A Tribute to Buzz Shearman is a compilation/tribute album by the Canadian rock group Moxy in the band's original incarnation with Buzz Shearman Earl Johnson Buddy Caine Bill Wade and Terry Juric. The album is a tribute to Moxy vocalist Buzz Shearman (who died in a motorbike accident in 1983) from his wife Valerie. She was an executive with the indie label Ahed Records Of Canada and released the album.
 De første og Største hits is a compilation album by the Danish singer Anne Gadegaard. It was released in 2006 and as with Anne Gadegaard's previous studio albums it was not released in the UK or the US. The title translates as The First and Greatest hits. The album reached #10 on the Danish album charts and #29 on the Norwegian album charts.This compilation album contains two bonus tracks Shoo Bi Doo and Gi Mig Alt.
 And All That Could Have Been is a double album released by Nine Inch Nails in 2002. The live album contains music recorded during the Fragility v2.0 US tour in 2000; Disc 1 is a live album of (most of) their normal set list of the time while disc B contains a studio album titled Still containing deconstructed versions of previous NIN songs and some new material.
 Only Time Will Tell is a collaborative record by Ian Gomm and Jeb Loy Nichols released in 2010 on the Relaxa Records International record label.
 Goodbye Killer is a Pernice Brothers album released in 2010.
 Ataxia is the sixth studio album released by alternative / psychedelic-rock band Circus Devils on October 31 2008. All songs on Ataxia were written and performed by Robert Pollard Todd Tobias and Tim Tobias.
 You Had to Be There is a live double album by the American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett. It was originally released in October 1978 as ABC AK-1008/2 and later re-released on ABC's successor label MCA.
 Faces is an album by Hungarian guitarist Gábor Szabó featuring performances recorded in 1977 and released on the Mercury label.
 Nano-Nucleonic Cyborg Summoning is the second EP album by Behold... the Arctopus released in 2005 on Epicene Sound Systems and limited to 800 copies. It was later released on 12 screen-printed white vinyl limited to 500 copies.Black Market Activities reissued this EP on August 22 2006. It contains all of Nano-Nucleonic Cyborg Summoning and Arctopocalypse Now... Warmageddon Later plus selected live tracks. The cover art was illustrated by Terry Grow.
 Tha Hoodz in Us is the tenth album by the American rap group South Central Cartel.
 Wolves is the second full length release album by Washington duo Idiot Pilot. It was produced by Ross Robinson(At The Drive-In Glassjaw) and Mark Hoppus (singer and bassist of +44 and Blink 182). The third track Retina and the Sky was also featured on the soundtrack of Michael Bay's film Transformers. The album had a delayed release first digitally on August 20 2007 and physically October 2 2007.
 Isn't Anything is the debut full-length studio album by My Bloody Valentine released on 21 November 1988 on Creation Records.
 Monk is the seventh album Thelonious Monk released for Columbia Records featuring several original compositions as well as jazz standards.The track Pannonica is a tribute to the jazz patron Nica de Koenigswarter.The track Teo is a tribute to the albums' producer Teo Macero.
 Living Time is an album by the Bill Evans George Russell Orchestra recorded in 1972 and released on the Columbia label featuring performances by Evans with an orchestra conducted by Russell. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 2 stars and stated The music on this set unfortunately is not all that interesting.
 Elevation is the third solo album by guitarist and composer Lawson Rollins. Rollins co-produced the album with Persian-American musician and producer Shahin Shahida (of Shahin & Sepehr) and multi-platinum producer Dominic Camardella (Flora Purim 3rd Force Ottmar Liebert).
 LiveSquall is the tenth major label album release of the Japanese rock band The Back Horn. The album was released on June 6 2012.
 Revolver is an EP of outtakes made during the recording sessions of Lewis Black's first album The White Album.The title is a reference to the album Revolver by the Beatles. This was done to acknowledge the fact that these were outtakes and different edits from the sessions of Black's earlier release.
 Chipmunks in Low Places is a country album written by John Boylan and Andrew Gold and performed by Alvin and the Chipmunks. It features cover songs as well as original material. Released on September 29 1992 the album was certified Platinum by the RIAA becoming the group's first platinum record and making it the Chipmunks' best-selling album. The album reached number 21 on the Billboard 200 becoming their first album to chart in ten years. The album also managed to peak at No.
 Black Lines To Battlefields is an EP by Acceptance released in 2003.
 Linda Brava is a debut classical album by Finnish violinist Linda Brava released worldwide in 1999. The album was released through the EMI Classics label. Linda Brava is a collection of easy-on-the-ear violin favourites including pieces by Edvard Grieg Jules Massenet Johann Sebastian Bach Charles Gounod Edward Elgar Gabriel Fauré Fritz Kreisler Niccolò Paganini and Jean Sibelius. On this EMI Abbey Road production Ms. Brava's accompanist is well-known John Lenehan.Ms.
 Love Style is the debut mini-album by South Korean boy band Boyfriend. The mini-album was released digitally on June 13 2012. Followed by the release of the physical album on June 14 2012.
 This article describes an album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 3 or Now 3 was released in 1985. The album is the third edition of the South African Now! series.
 Living Targets is the third album from German punk rock band Beatsteaks. It was released in August 2002 on Epitaph Records as was previous album Launched in 2000. There was one line-up change from the previous album – Torsten Scholz took over bass duties from Alexander Roßwaag. The album featured more hard rock tracks than previous efforts including songs which were far slower and more melodic and structured.
 Merzphysics is a box set album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow it is composed of previously unreleased recordings from 1993–95.The set focuses on pure noise from before the introduction of synthesizers and other electronic instruments. The noise is described as being linked to grindcore having a sense of speed and was recorded live to cassette.
 Aion -Aion- (愛音～AION～) or simply Aion is the 4th album released by the Japanese metal band Aion. The band's catchphrase Deathrash Bound is written on the cover and since the album's full title is only written on the side this is often mistaken to be the album's title (adding to the confusion the band's first album was actually titled Deathrash Bound). The term appears on several of their albums later the band created their own record label entitled Deathrash Bound.
 Eencuentro Con El Milenio is the fourth studio album released by Los Mismos in 1999.
 Titanik is a studio album released in 1997 by Montenegrin-Serbian musician Rambo Amadeus.
 Poetenes Evangelium (released in 1993 on the label Kirkelig Kulturverksted FXCD 131) is an album by Norwegian singer Morten Harket. It is his first solo album.
 Once in a Blue Moon is the debut solo album by Frankie Miller utilising Brinsley Schwarz as his backing band showcases Miller's skills as a singer and songwriter. The song I Can’t Change It was covered by Ray Charles on his album Brother Ray Is At It Again.After All (I Live My Life) appears as the closing song in Johnny Depp's The Rum Diary movie 2011
 Kurimus (2003) is an album by the Finnish thrash metal group Mokoma.
 Fake Noise from a Box of Toys is the fourth album by the American alternative rock band The Autumns released in 2007.
 Simmer Kane EP is the second EP released by alternative rock band State Radio.
 Future Juju was an album released by the British house act Black Jazz Chronicles in 1998.
 Jasmine Trias is the eponymous debut album from the Filipino American Pop/R&B singer Jasmine Trias.
 Passion: The Road to One Day is the pre-One Day studio album. 'The Road to OneDay' features the new songs of Passion from today's top collegiate worship leaders. A powerful soundtrack of worship and prayer preparing the hearts of a generation of college students for OneDay 2000 igniting prayers for awakening across the land.
 Raanjhanaa is the soundtrack album composed by A. R. Rahman of the 2013 Hindi film Raanjhanaa directed by Anand L. Rai and starring Dhanush Sonam Kapoor and Abhay Deol in the lead roles. The film is produced by Krishika Lulla under the banner Eros International. The lyrics of the original version were written by Irshad Kamil whereas the Tamil lyrics were written by poet Vairamuthu. The soundtrack album features nine original tracks.
 I Don't Speak the Language is an album by Matthew Wilder. It was released in 1983 on Private-I/Epic and is notable for the hit single Break My Stride.
 Sexuality is the third studio album by French artist Sébastien Tellier released on 25 February 2008. The album was produced by Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo who is best known as one of the members of Daft Punk.
 Tones is the second studio album by guitarist Eric Johnson released in 1986 through Reprise Records; a remastered edition was reissed on February 23 2010 through Wounded Bird Records. The first two songs Zap and Emerald Eyes are re-recordings from Johnson's then-unreleased 1978 debut album Seven Worlds which was eventually reissued in 1998.
 Los Beatles is a compilation album by The Beatles released originally in Argentina in 1965 (Odeon POPS Exitos Permanentes DMO 55506). It collects various songs from various singles and EPs. It was the first compilation LP released in Argentina.
 Welcoming Home the Astronauts is Flickerstick's first album. It was originally released in 2001 on 226 Records but after the band won VH1's Bands on the Run it was released by Epic. The Epic release featured the bonus track Execution by Christmas Lights.The re-release of the album also featured a number of musical changes to the songs most of which were received well by fans.
 The Rough Guide To Desert Blues is a world music compilation album originally released in 2010. Desert blues refers to the music of the Tuareg people and related nomad groups of the Sahara who perform a style of music considered the root of the American Blues genre.
 Buju and Friends is a compilation album by dancehall/reggae artist Buju Banton released in 2004 (see 2004 in music) consisting of duets between Banton and other artists.
 Ginger Baker's Air Force 2 was the second and final album by Ginger Baker's Air Force released in 1970 (see 1970 in music). In Germany it was released with a different track listing including previously unreleased songs.This album was recorded in a studio unlike the previous one featuring a different lineup of the band with Denny Laine Harold McNair Aliki Ashman and Rick Grech as Additional personnel.
 Preaching lies to the Righteous is the second album by the British synthpop band Blue October.
 Secrets is a August 1976 jazz-funk fusion album by keyboard player Herbie Hancock.The album clearly followed from its predecessor Man-Child. As ever Paul Jackson's basslines were critical and the other regular member Bennie Maupin continued to provide most of the solos alongside Hancock. Man-Child had seen the addition of electric guitar to Hancock's sound and Secrets saw the guitar's place in the arrangements rise to crucial importance throughout.
 Svidd neger is the original soundtrack album to the Norwegian film Svidd neger composed entirely by Norwegian avant-garde band Ulver.
 The Promise is a jazz album released in 1995 by John McLaughlin on Verve Records. The album peaked number 4 in the Billboard Top Jazz Albums chart 1996.
 Pearl Harbor and the Explosions is San Francisco band Pearl Harbor and the Explosions' debut album released in 1980 on Warner Bros. Records.
 Seven Easy Pieces is the third release by The Detroit Cobras released 1 March 2004 (see 2004 in music).This particular album was appended to a pressing of Baby by Bloodshot records.
 Ya Hey is Emrah's first album with the label Universal Music Turkey. It sold over 2.2 million copies.
 Carving out the Eyes of God is the fourth studio album by American Blackened death metal band Goatwhore.
 The Curve of the Earth is an album by Canadian band Attack in Black released on November 13 2007. The album was released on one thousand 12 vinyl records and was also available for digital download. The album was released on the indie label Dine Alone Records alongside their EP Northern Towns.
 Ice Pickin' is a blues album released in 1978 by the blues man Albert Collins. According to the inside cover of the album:Albert King names Collins as his favorite guitarist and John Lee Hooker declares I'm an Albert Collins freak!
 Press is the debut album from American ska punk band MU330 released in 1994.
 'Poised to Break' is the first full-length album by Sunday's Best a now-defunct American emo band that originated in California.
 The Machine That Won the War is the sixth release by Sheavy. It was released in 2007 on Candlelight Records. The album was with a limited edition live DVD produced by Studio 709 featuring footage that was shot on March 3 at the Holy Heart Auditorium in St. John's. The cover artwork was created by Eliran Kantor.
 Inspiration #1 is the first Japanese studio album of South Korean boy band Shinhwa. It was released on 16 August 2006. State Of The Art peaked at #4 on the Oricon Chart in Japan and sold over 100000 copies.
 Garage Inc. is a cover/compilation album by the American heavy metal band Metallica. It was released on November 23 1998 through Elektra Records. Over 2.5 million copies have been sold in the U.S. as certified by the RIAA[citation needed]. It includes cover songs B-side covers and the The $5.98 E.P.: Garage Days Re-Revisited which had gone out of print since its original release in 1987.
 Phony Phonic is the third album by the Japanese electro group Capsule released in November 2003.
 Loyalty to Loyalty is the second studio album by American indie rock band the Cold War Kids released on September 23 2008 by Downtown and V2 Records. Following the success of their debut album Robbers & Cowards the band started recording new material for their next album over the course of four months around California.
 A Warm Glimpse is the first studio album released by Finnish progressive death metal band Farmakon. The album was originally released in 2003 under Earache Records. The opening track Loosely of Ameobas was included on Earache's Metal: A Headbanger's Companion II compilation.The musical style mixes death metal with funk and jazz with both clean vocals and death growls interspersed throughout the songs and scat singing done in both methods on Flavored Numerology.
 Call on Me is the third album released by R&B singer Evelyn Champagne King on the RCA label in 1980. It was produced by Theodore Life and George Tindley.
 Psychoderelict is a concept album written produced and engineered by Pete Townshend. Some characters and issues presented in this work were continued in Townshend's later opus The Boy Who Heard Music first presented on The Who's album Endless Wire and then adapted as a rock musical.This is Townshend's last solo album to date.
 America's Most Luved Bad Guy is a compilation of Master P tracks released exclusively for digital purchase through online digital retailers such as iTunes and Amazon in April 2006. The 12-track set includes 6 brand new tracks the first 6 on the record 5 of which feature the Colonel Master P. Tracks 7-12 were pulled from previous Master P releases The Ghetto Bill Vol. 1: The Best Hustler in the Game and Living Legend: Certified D-Boy both of which hit stores a year earlier in 2005.
 Macadam Flower is the third album from French soprano Emma Shapplin. It is more pop-oriented than her previous work and is mainly performed in English.
 Keep on Moving Straight Ahead is the fifth album released by American funk band Lakeside. Released in 1981 on the SOLAR Records label it was produced by the band's members.The album entered the Billboard pop and R&B charts in 1981.
 Here and Nowhere Else is the third studio album and fourth LP overall by Cloud Nothings. It was released on April 1 2014 by Carpark Records and was produced and mixed by John Congleton.
 Victim of Romance is singer and songwriter Michelle Phillips' first and only solo album and was released in February 1977 (see 1977 in music). The record was unsuccessful and Phillips (previously with The Mamas & the Papas) then favored her acting career.
 Righteousness And Humidity is a 2003 album recorded by the English guitarist Martin Simpson and released on the Topic Records label.
 FAPLUNK is the fifth album released by the USA rock band Donut Kings.
 Culture Clash is the second studio album album by The Aristocrats released on July 16 2013. Alongside a standard CD edition there was also a deluxe edition available with a bonus DVD called Accept the Mystery: The Making of The Aristocrats' Culture Clash including studio footage and interviews. In its first week of release the album reached number 8 on the Billboard Contemporary Jazz albums chart and number 16 on the Jazz Albums chart.
 Teflon Don is the fourth studio album by American rapper Rick Ross released on July 20 2010 on Maybach Music Group and Def Jam Recordings. Production for the album took place during 2009 to 2010 and was handled by several record producers including Clark Kent No I.D. The Olympicks J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League Lex Luger Danja The Inkredibles The Remedy and Kanye West.The album debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 chart selling 176300 copies in its first week.
 Killadelphia is a live album by heavy metal band Lamb of God in Philadelphia October 2004 which was released by Epic Records as a DVD. It boasts the entire unabridged audio from the concert documented in the DVD of the same name. The CD was released on December 13 2005 available with a special re-release version of the DVD or by itself in conventional CD packaging.It was mixed by Machine who also produced Lamb of God's Ashes of the Wake and Sacrament studio albums.
 Berry Berry Singles is an album by Nana Kitade released in November of 2007. It is her first compilation album and it features the singles Kesenai Tsumi Kiss or Kiss and the single Antoinette Blue and more for nine songs total. Also features three bonus tracks including a reworking of Kesenai Tsumi and Alice with former Megadeth guitarist Marty Friedman and a cover of Daisy Chainsaw's Love Your Money.
 Volume 3 is the third in a series of live digital downloads of the band the Grateful Dead released by The Grateful Dead Productions. It was released on July 5 2005. The two disc complete show was recorded on October 26 1971 at the University of Rochester Palestra and was the fifth show with new band member Keith Godchaux on keyboards. He was enacted as a member because of the failing health of Ron Pigpen McKernan.Volume 3 was mastered in HDCD by Jeffrey Norman.
 That's Right is an album by jazz musician George Benson that was released through GRP Records in 1996. That's Right was Benson's first album released on GRP Records after twenty years on Warner Bros. Records and produced by longtime producer Tommy LiPuma.
 Alphabetical is the second album by the French rock band Phoenix released in 2004. The album has sold 30000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan. The album has two singles; Everything Is Everything and Run Run Run.
 Walk On is the fourth studio album by American hard rock band Boston. The album was released in 1994.
 Too Much Stereo is the seventh album by The Urge. It was released in 2000 in cassette and CD format. The Album produced 2 singles (“Too Much Stereo and Four Letters and Two Words) and sold 12500 copies. An advanced copy of this album was also released with different cover art.
 The Greatest Jazz Concert in the World is a 1967 live album featuring Duke Ellington and his orchestra Ella Fitzgerald Oscar Peterson T-Bone Walker Coleman Hawkins Clark Terry and Zoot Sims. It was released in 1975.Billy Strayhorn's Blood Count was debuted at the Carnegie Hall concert featured on the album. This was Strayhorn's last composition he died a few months after the piece was recorded.
 No Lunch is the second album released by New York City glam punk band D Generation. It was their first with Columbia Records after leaving their previous record company. The album was produced by The Cars frontman Ric Ocasek.The album would prove to be D Generation's most critically acclaimed with reviewers citing New York Dolls and Ramones as strong influences.
 A History of Sport Fishing is the first album from American indie rock band Thee More Shallows. It was released on Monotreme Records in 2002.Many copies of the album have a sticker over the band's former name Thee Shallows. This is because a cease-and-desist order was issued after the band was contacted by Brian Gregory from the band The Shallows. Subsequent printings of the album feature a completely new cover.
 Appalachian Gospel is the sixth studio album by singer Stella Parton.
 Here Come the 123s is the thirteenth studio album and third children's album by They Might Be Giants. It is the sequel to the group's 2005 album Here Come the ABCs. The songs are edutainment music aimed at kids this time dealing with numbers. Like ABCs there is a CD and DVD. It was initially set to be released on October 2 2007 but was pushed back to February 5 2008.
 The Gap Band II is an album by The Gap Band released in 1979 on Mercury Records. Contrary to the title the album is actually the Gap Band's fourth album.
 A Lazarus Taxon is the name of a box set by Chicago post-rock group Tortoise released in 2006 on the Thrill Jockey label.The set contains three CDs one DVD and an accompanying 20-page booklet.
 Exile is the third studio album from the British progressive metal band To-Mera. It is the band's first full-length release with keyboardist Richard Henshall who joined them prior to recording their 2009 EP Earthbound.The cover artwork was done by vocalist Julie Kiss and features the To-Mera logo design of Eliran Kantor.
 I.O.U. is the second studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth released in 1982 through Luna Crack Records/I.O.U. Records originally on vinyl; a CD edition was reissued in 1985 through Enigma Records and a remaster in 2008 through Belle Antique. A previous album Velvet Darkness was released in 1976 without Holdsworth's consent therefore making this (in his view) his first official solo release. Furthermore many tracks from Velvet Darkness have been remade and retitled for I.O.U..
 Ain't No Other is the fourth album released by MC Lyte. It was released on June 22 1993 on First Priority Music/Atlantic Records and produced by Audio Two Backspin Markell Riley Franklin Grant Tyrone Fyffe Lil Chris Smith Funk Sir Scratch and Walter Mucho Scott.
 Wolf City is the fifth studio album released by the German Krautrock band Amon Düül II.Like its predecessor Carnival in Babylon Wolf City is a more conventional recording than the band's earlier albums with shorter track times and more straightforward song structures. This was likely due to the band's increasing commercial popularity both at home and in the UK.
 Cheers It's Christmas is the seventh studio album and first Christmas album by American country music artist Blake Shelton. It was released on October 2 2012 via Warner Bros. Records.
 Wahayati Andak is the debut album of the Lebanese singer Nawal Al Zoghbi.
 Ben E. King's Greatest Hits is the fifth album and first compilation album by Ben E. King. Many classic hits such as Stand By Me Spanish Harlem I (Who Have Nothing) and others return on this compilation disc released in 1964.Many discographies do not note this work; however Marv Goldberg's R&B Notebook References the album as being released before Seven Letters. A stereo version of this disc was re-issued in 1966.
 Glay Rare Collectives Vol. 1 and 2 are the third and fourth released collection albums from the Japanese rock band Glay. Unlike Review and Drive: Glay Complete Best these two double disc CDs feature all of the B sides from their singles that were released from their debut to mata koko de aimashou as well as some other songs originally used for different works and not featured in any of their albums or singles.
 The Sky is the third in a trilogy of albums with music by Anita Kerr words by Rod McKuen and featuring the San Sebastian Strings. The first two albums in the trilogy were titled The Sea and The Earth.
 Unexpected Arrival is the debut studio album by American rapper Diggy Simmons released on March 20 2012 in the United States by Atlantic Records. As of June 22 2013 the album has sold 89750 copies in the United States.
 Bittersweet White Light was the ninth studio album by American singer Cher. The album was released in April 1973 by MCA. It was the last solo Cher album to be produced by then-performing partner and husband Sonny Bono. While many fans consider the album to be her best vocal performance Bittersweet White Light composed mostly of covers of American pop standards was Cher's first commercial failure of the 1970s. It was Cher's first record released only by MCA both in the UK and the US.
 Soul in a Hole is an at home concert video by Mortiis. It was recorded in London at the Hackney Ocean during the Unlimited Grudge Tour in September 2004. A limited set of 300 came with a poster; These were only available when pre-ordered from the official Mortiis site.
 LANDSALE is P-MODEL's second album. It has a sound similar to the band's previous album IN A MODEL ROOM although it's harsher (with the exception of the opening track OHAYO whose strings and piano hinted what direction P-MODEL leader Susumu Hirasawa would take with his music). The album deals with criticizing the System and the unnecessary formalities it imposes in society with sarcastic lyrics.
 Enjoy the Ride is the debut album by Marshall Dyllon an American country music boy band. Their only studio album it was released on Dreamcatcher Records a label owned by Kenny Rogers. It produced two singles in Live It Up and You both of which charted on the Billboard country charts in 2000.
 LP II is the second album by the Minneapolis punk band The Soviettes.
 3 of Hearts is the only album recorded by American country pop group 3 of Hearts. It was released in 2001. The album contained two singles: Love Is Enough and Arizona Rain. Also included on this album is a cover of R&B singer Brian McKnight's 2000 single 6 8 12.
 Mind Ctrl: Psychic Chasms Possessed is an album containing all the songs found on Neon Indian's debut album Psychic Chasms along with remixes of those songs by various artists. Mind Ctrl: Psychic Chasms Possessed was released in fall of 2010.
 The Jaywalker is a studio album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington featuring tracks recorded in 1966 and 1967 and released on the Storyville label in 2004.
 Together Again is an album by The Dubliners. Produced by Pete St. John and featuring four of his compositions this album released on the CHYME label in 1979 saw Ronnie Drew return to The Dubliners following Jim McCann's departure. This was the last studio album by The Dubliners to feature Luke Kelly.
 In Style with the Crickets is an influential rock and roll album by the band the Crickets. It is notable for being the band's first release following the departure and death of front man Buddy Holly yet still contained many of the band's most memorable songs. Originally released as an LP record on December 5 1960 the album remained out of print some time later until it was re-released on CD in 1993 including bonus tracks not featured on the original record.
 Come And Get It: The Rare Pearls is a compilation album of previously unreleased tracks by American family group The Jackson 5 which was released digitally on August 28 2012 and physically on September 18 2012.
 Epsilon in Malaysian Pale also known as Ypsilon in Malaysian Pale is Edgar Froese's second studio album released in 1975.
 Beast is the fifth studio album by groove metal band DevilDriver. It was released on February 22 2011 in the United States. It is also their last album to feature longtime bassist Jon Miller who left in 2011.
 Masterful Mystery Tour is the second album from Beatallica. It contains 12 tracks which are mashups (or Bashups) of songs by The Beatles and Metallica. As with their first album Sgt. Hetfield's Motorbreath Pub Band this album contains re-recordings of songs from the band's EP releases A Garage Dayz Nite and Beatallica plus six new Beatles/Metallica Bashup songs.
 Girls to Chat & Boys to Bounce is the tenth studio album by blues rock band Foghat released in 1981. It is the first with new guitarist Erik Cartwright.
 Big Bad Jug is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1972 and released on the Prestige label.
 Bad Blood is the second and final album by Ice. The album is most notable for its fusion of industrial music and hip hop as well as the number of guests on the album.
 A New Flame is the third album by British pop group Simply Red released in February 1989. It was a huge success worldwide becoming the band's first UK number one album and certified 7x Platinum by the BPI for sales of 2100000 copies in the UK alone. The album was also certified Gold in the US by the RIAA.
 Phoenix is the second EP released by Los Angeles based neo-psychedelic rock band the Warlocks in 2002 by Birdman Records.
 Saying Something You Have Already Said Before: A Quiet Side of Moneen is an EP/DVD by the rock band Moneen. The CD side of the disc includes four acoustic versions of songs that were on The Red Tree as well as a previously unreleased song. The DVD side of the disc includes live footage of four songs performed by Moneen during a show at The Opera House in Toronto Ontario in June 2006.
 Unleashed is the official debut album of Scottish Celtic rock band Wolfstone. It was released in 1991.
 Arias & Symphonies is the second album by the Burlington band Spoons. It contains the highly successful single Nova Heart and Arias & Symphonies. The album is one of the few studio albums from the band available on CD. The photograph on the album cover is from the Spanish Riding School in Vienna.
 Science Fiction is an album by the American jazz saxophonist and composer Ornette Coleman recorded in 1971 and released on the Columbia label.
 Midnight Express is the fifth release by Gyroscope and was released 2 May 2003. It is their first release on the Festival/Mushroom label. The EP was recorded at Perth Western Australia's Studio Couch with producer Shaun O'Callaghan (Eskimo Joe John Butler Trio) at the helm. Many fans of the older style sound that Gyroscope had back then refer to this EP and the following double a-side single Driving for the Storm / Doctor Doctor as being the pinnacle / high point of their career so far.
 Metamorphosis is the sixth album by California alternative metal band Papa Roach. It was released by DGC/Interscope on March 24 2009. The album was originally planned to be titled Days of War Nights of Love which is a lyrical quote from the song No More Secrets on the band's previous album The Paramour Sessions. Subsequently two songs on the album are titled Days of War and Nights of Love. This is their first album to feature Tony Palermo on drums after the departure of Dave Buckner.
 Live is a live album by Swiss pianist and composer Nik Bärtsch's band Ronin recorded in Switzerland in 2002 and first released on the Tonus Music label.
 A Flight and a Crash is a 2001 punk rock album by Hot Water Music and was released by music label Epitaph Records. This was Hot Water Music's first release on the Epitaph Records label. This is the band's fourth studio full-length album.
 Evil Heat is the seventh studio album by Primal Scream. The album's sound is similar to XTRMNTR but not as abrasive and with more psychedelic overtones.The track Rise was originally titled Bomb the Pentagon and debuted as part of the band's live set in summer 2001. In light of the September 11 2001 attacks both the lyrics and title of the song were reworked and the revised version appears on the album.
 Eye for an Eye is the first studio album by American hardcore band Corrosion of Conformity released in 1984. In 2012 it was re-released by Candlelight Records with the entire Six Songs With Mike Singing EP included as bonus tracks.
 Diamond Head is the first solo album by Phil Manzanera issued in 1975. It was originally issued in the UK on Island (who was handling all E.G. recordings) and in US on Atco.
 Virus Meadow is the second studio album by English band And Also the Trees. It was released in 1986 through record label Reflex.
 DJ-Kicks: Chicken Lips is a DJ mix album mixed by Chicken Lips. It was released on 3 November 2003 on the Studio !K7 independent record label as part of the DJ-Kicks series.
 Something is the second full-length album by American indie band Chairlift released in the United States via Columbia Records on January 24 2012 and in the United Kingdom via Young Turks on January 23 2012. The first album since founding member Aaron Pfenning left the band in 2010 Something features production from Dan Carey and Alan Moulder. The first single Amanaemonesia was released in August 2011 via Terrible Records.
 In and Out of Love is the debut album of American R&B singer Cheri Dennis issued by Bad Boy/Atlantic Records. It was exclusively released through the iTunes Store on November 13 2007 with the physical album made available on February 26 2008. In and Out of Love debuted at #74 on the Billboard 200 but never climbed higher.Portrait of Love the second of three singles released reached #55 on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
 My Dearest Darkest Neighbor is the fourth full-length album by New Orleans musical group Hurray for the Riff Raff. It was originally available only as a reward in a Kickstarter campaign to fund their previous album Look Out Mama and in local record stores. A version of George Harrison's My Sweet Lord was included in the new release. The album will be released on July 1 2013 by Mod Mobilian Records and This Is American Music.
 Masterpieces by Ellington is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded for the Columbia label in 1950 as Ellington's first LP album. The album was one of the earliest 12 inch LP's to take advantage of the extended time available and consisted of 4 tracks.
 Christmastime! is an album by American singer-songwriter Don McLean released in 2004. It is a complete collection of Don McLean's Christmas recordings and contains all of the songs previously released on Christmas and Christmas Dreams as well as two songs new to this collection.
 Alabama Live is an album by the American band Alabama. Their first live compilation it was released in 1988 via RCA Records. It was a Number One album on Top Country Albums. The album includes live renditions of various singles from the band's career as well as the album tracks Red River Fireworks and Gonna Have a Party. Also included is a cover of the Marshall Tucker Band's Can't You See which Alabama had never included on an album.
 No Ruinous Feud is an album released by The Incredible String Band in 1973.
 Closer to God is the sixth album by English punk new wave band Television Personalities.
 FAPLUNK is the fourth album released by the USA rock band Donut Kings.
 A me piace così is the first solo studio album from Emma Marrone published on October 19 2010 from label Universal Music.
 Wrong Faced Cat Feed Collapse is the debut album from British indie rock musician SJ Esau. It was released on Anticon in 2007.
 Jordan Knight Performs New Kids on the Block: The Remix Album is the second solo album released by singer Jordan Knight. Released in 2004 the album contains modern-day produced covers of songs from his band New Kids on the Block.In 2007 the first disc was re-issued alone as Jordan Knight Sings NKOTB.
 The Voice of Love is the second album by dream pop artist Julee Cruise released in 1993.Up in Flames appears previously in the 1990 David Lynch production Industrial Symphony No. 1.
 At the Jazz Corner of the World is a two-volume live album by American jazz drummer Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers featuring performances recorded in 1959 at Birdland and released on the Blue Note label. The album was originally issued as 12-inch LPs in two volumes and later re-released as a two-CD set.
 Back To The Innocence is the second solo album by the keyboard player and guitarist Jonathan Cain. The song Faithfully is the hit single he wrote for Journey. Just the Thought of Losing You was co-written with Michael Bolton an out-take from Bolton's 1987 album The Hunger on which Cain performed.
 Remy Zero is a 1996 self-titled album by Remy Zero and was produced for Geffen Records. The band recorded it after moving to Los Angeles where many of them suffered from homelessness and drug abuse. The Album received very little attention despite Radiohead having added Remy Zero to their tour after hearing Remy Zero's original Demo Tapes that appeared on KCRW a radio station in Santa Monica.
 Something Special is the first compilation album by Italian singer Sabrina. It was released in 1988 for the Scandinavian market only.
 Unholy Passion is the second release by Samhain Glenn Danzig's band after the disbanding of the Misfits. The original Unholy Passion EP is now long out of print. In 1987 Danzig re-recorded the guitar and some vocal tracks for the songs removing the original work done by Pete Damien Marshall. The recordings were given new mixes and with the addition of Misery Tomb were released as part of Final Descent in 1990.
 Billy: The Early Years is the official movie soundtrack for the film of the same name. It was released October 7 2008 and charted at No. 70 on the U.S. Top Country Albums chart. The album has produced two chart singles; Low by Sara Evans and Over the Next Hill by Brooks & Dunn. Additionally the song Look At Me was covered by Carrie Underwood for her third studio album Play On which was released on November 3 2009.
 First Utterance is the debut album of the British progressive rock band Comus. It was released in 1971 with the opening song Diana being released as a single.First Utterance was notable for its unique blend of progressive rock folk psychedelia and elements of paganism and the macabre.
 Symphonic Buck-Tick in Berlin is an orchestral arrangement album by the Japanese rock band Buck-Tick. It was released on July 21 1990 through Victor Entertainment. It is composed of rearrangements of Buck-Tick songs by several different composers all performed by the Berlin Chamber Orchestra.
 Predator Of The Empire is Steel Attack's third album released in 2003 via Arise Records.
 A Slice of the Top is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on March 18 1966 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1979. It features performances by Mobley with Lee Morgan Kiane Zawadi Howard Johnson James Spaulding McCoy Tyner Bob Cranshaw and Billy Higgins with arrangements by Duke Pearson. On the original LP Reggie Workman was mistakenly identified as the bassist.
 Solid Ground is the first solo album from Peter Baldrachi. The album received favorable reviews from The Big Takeover Amplifier Magazine The Noise Indie Pages and The Boston Globeand was named one of the Top Discs of 2007 by Absolute Powerpop. In 2008 the track You're Gonna Miss Me Someday appeared on Not Lame Recordings' International Pop Overthrow Vol. 11.
 Chic Lady is a jazz album recorded by Toshiko Akiyoshi in 1991 and released on the Nippon Crown record label.
 MoonOffice Compilation (1993) is a three-track collection of Alphaville / Marian Gold videos. It was only available from MoonOffice Alphaville's official fan-club. The inclusion of What is Love? was unusual as the track itself (from Gold's debut solo album So Long Celeste) was never released as a single.
 Spirits Having Flown is the fifteenth album released by the Bee Gees. It was the group's first album after their collaboration on the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack. The album's first three tracks were released as singles which all went to #1 in the US giving them an unbroken run of six US chart-toppers tying with The Beatles.
 Full On Night is a collaborative EP between Rachel's and Matmos. It was released on Quarterstick Records in May 2000 and contains two tracks. Matmos remarks that:The Precise Temperature of Darkness is a reconstruction of Full On Night using the original studio masters and a live version as source. The original version of Full On Night appeared on Rachel's album Handwriting.↑ ↑
 Little Niles is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1958 and originally released on the United Artists label. The album was later released as part of a Blue Note compilation under the same title.
 Into the Unknown is the fifth album by Mercyful Fate released by Metal Blade Records in 1996.Into the Unknown is the most commercially successful Mercyful Fate album to date. It peaked at #31 in the Finnish charts remaining for two weeks in the Top 40. It is the only album by the band to appear on the charts.
 Twelve Dreams of Dr. Sardonicus is the fourth album by the American psychedelic rock group Spirit. It was produced by David Briggs who is best known for his work with Neil Young. The original LP was released in 1970 by Epic. It peaked at #63 on the Billboard 200 in February 1971 -- the band's lowest charting album to that point -- and spent 14 weeks on the chart.
 Les Trinitaires is a live album of a solo performance by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in 1998 in Metz France and released on the Jazz Friends label. The album features five of Hill's original compositions with one alternate take two jazz standards and two compositions by Hill's musical associates.
 Manila is the second album by Australian rock group Paul Kelly and the Dots and was originally released in August 1982 by Mushroom Records and re-released in 1990. The group travelled to The Philippines capital to record Manila during July and August 1981 with Kelly and Chris Thompson producing. Line-up changes and Kelly having his jaw broken in an assault had delayed the album's release by a year.
 Hampton Coliseum (Live 1981) is a live album by The Rolling Stones released in 2012. It was recorded at the Hampton Coliseum in Hampton Virginia on 18 December 1981 for what was the next-to-last show of the band's U. S. tour that year.
 Damn Yankees was the eponymous debut album by the American hard rock supergroup Damn Yankees. It is also notable for being the album that revived the popular career of guitarist Ted Nugent. It went double platinum and featured such chart topping hits as High Enough Damn Yankees and Coming of Age.
 Breaking Hearts is the eighteenth studio album by British singer/songwriter Elton John released in 1984. It features the quartet of John Davey Johnstone Dee Murray and Nigel Olsson. There were two hit singles from the album: the US #5 hit Sad Songs (Say So Much) and the UK No. 5 hit Passengers.This was the last studio album until 2001's Songs from the West Coast that would feature Olsson on drums.
 Live in London (Beach Boys '69 in North America) is a live album by The Beach Boys initially released by EMI in the UK in May 1970 and in the US via Capitol Records on November 15 1976.
 Sounds Like Armageddon is the first live album by American alternative metal band Otep. It was released on November 6 2012 on Victory Records. The album closes with Otep thanking the audience and Kurt Cobain and then playing the cover of Nirvana's song Breed.
 Get Me Some is an album by The Jeff Healey Band. It was released in 2000.
 Sissel is a 1986 album from Norwegian singer Sissel Kyrkjebø. It was her debut album which contained different genres and styles. According to her ....The songs tell different facets of love. It was sold more than 400000 copies soon after the release making it the best selling album in Norway at that time in a country of less than 5 million population.
 The Robe is the third studio album released by the melodic hard rock band Ten. It was the third and last album produced by famous producer Mike Stone.
 For All You've Done is the thirteenth album in the live praise and worship series of Christian Contemporary music by Hillsong Church.
 Hit & Myth is the fifth studio album by New Zealand singer Jenny Morris released in August 2002 by Yep! Records seven years since the release of her last album Salvation Jane. Yep! was a new independent record label established by Warren Fahey who founded Larrikin Records. The album was co-produced by Nick Wales (CODA) was released on 8 May 2002 by Yep! Records.
 Bald on the Inside is the debut album by session guitarist Tim Scott first released on June 23 2003. First digitally released on iTunes with an updated cover image November 9 2009.The making of Bald on the Inside was very much a solo affair with Tim taking on the writing playing recording and producing of the entire album at Acer Studios his self built recording facility in much the same way as Mike Oldfield's – Tubular Bells and Jean Michel Jarre's - Oxygène.
 Flowers Around Cleveland is an album by David Murray released on the French Bleu Regard label. It was released in 1995 and features seven quartet performances by Murray with Bobby Few John Betsch and Jean Jacques Avenel.
 Pomme C is the fourth studio album recorded by the French singer and songwriter Calogero. It was released on 12 March 2007 and achieved great success.All lyrics were written by Zazie who has already worked with Calogero on previous albums. The music was composed by Calogero but he was helped by his brother Gioacchino for Pomme C. The album was recorded in Italy in Pergolato (Tuscany) in a house.
 Platinum is the fifth record album by Mike Oldfield released in 1979 on Virgin Records. It was Oldfield's first album to feature songs and cover material. A slightly different version of the album was released in the United States and Canada and titled Airborn.The In Concert 1980 tour which ran from April to December of that year was in promotion of the album. In Germany the album peaked at number 11.
 Under the Pink is the second solo album by singer-songwriter Tori Amos. Upon its release in January 1994 the album peaked at US #12 and on the back of the hit single Cornflake Girl the album debuted at UK #1 her highest-charting UK album debut to date. It had sold around 220000 copies in the UK by the end of 1994 finishing that year as the UK's 61st best-selling album. This album was included in Blender magazine's list of 500 CDs You Must Own.
 Heaven Knows is the 1992 released through Sony Music debut album by singer-songwriter Rick Price. The album peaked at #3 in Australia in July 1992 and spent 23 weeks in the ARIA Top 40. The second single and title track Heaven Knows charted in many countries in Europe and Asia. The other singles (Not A Day Goes By) and (Walk Away Renee) were also moderately successful. There were 3 issues of the album including a double CD Australian Tour Pressing in 1993.
 Goodnight Oslo is a 2009 album by Robyn Hitchcock recorded with Peter Buck of R.E.M. Scott McCaughey of Young Fresh Fellows and Bill Rieflin of Ministry and R.E.M. who are billed collectively as The Venus 3. Colin Meloy of The Decemberists provided one of the backup vocals in Saturday Groovers as Mr. Hitchcock provided guitar for a track on the Decemberists' album The Hazards of Love.
 The Water Sprite is the debut album by the Empyrium reunion band Noekk. It was also released in a digipak 2-CD version.
 The Vintage Virgin is the second studio album from Swedish pop/rock and alternative rock singer Sebastian Karlsson led by the singles Words and Violence (#3) and the Melodifestivalen 2007 entry When the Night Comes Falling (#2) the album was released on March 7 2007 one year and one week after his previous and first album Sebastian and this time it debuted at number 2.
 Toni is a 1956 studio album by Toni Harper accompanied by the Oscar Peterson trio.
 The Ultimate Collection is the second greatest hits album by English soul band Sade released on 29 April 2011 by RCA Records. The album includes several singles from the band's career including the hit singles Your Love Is King Smooth Operator By Your Side No Ordinary Love and Soldier of Love.
 Chapter V: Unbent Unbowed Unbroken is the fifth studio album by the Swedish metal band HammerFall. It was released in 2005 through Nuclear Blast. The last track is followed by almost two minutes of silence and a short hidden track (0:15).The album's title was inspired by the family motto of the fictional House Martell of Dorne from the series A Song of Ice and Fire by George R. R. Martin as well as the name of the songs Hammer of Justice Take the Black and Fury of the Wild.
 The Gadfly is Los Angeles hip-hop group LPG's third album. It was released on Uprok Records a label also home at the time to artists Mars ILL and Peace 586. Intro Place Called Hip-Hop Me and My Cousin Old Emcees Interlude Record Keeps Spinning Never Did I Interlude Squad Car Liquid Interlude Read Me and Learn Interlude Wackness Like (featuring Raphi) Just Another Day In Your Mind Interlude Mistakes Uiznotanemcee Ins and Outs First to Fight (featuring Sev Statik) Respect Due Outro
 The Rest Is History is Jin's debut album. It was released on October 19 2004.
 Phorward was a 1989 album by the Scottish band The Shamen which was billed as a mini album because the original vinyl release had only 6 tracks. It was reissued with extra tracks in 1999 on the Essential label; the tracklisting and album length for that release is used here. DJ Eddie Richards remixed tracks including You Me and Everything Reraptyouare Splash 2 and Phorward further expanding the musical impact the mini-album made on the acid house scene.
 El Perro del Mar is the second album by El Perro del Mar. It was released in 2006. The first single is God Knows (You Gotta Give to Get) released June 19 2006.
 Thank You is the second studio album by British R&B recording artist Jamelia first released on September 29 2003 by Parlophone Records. The album was recorded from 2002-2003 and features production from a variety of record producers including Colin Emmanuel (who produced the majority of the album) Cutfather Soulshock Peter Biker Matt Kent and Cameron McVey among others.
 Alive and Dead is Six Feet Under's first EP released October 29 1996. The EP compiles a handful of live songs culled from Six Feet Under's debut album Haunted and features three new studio tracks including a cover of Judas Priest's Grinder.
 The Liberty of Norton Folgate is the ninth studio album by the British band Madness released on 18 May 2009. The band worked on the album for close to three years and it was their first album of new material since 1999's Wonderful. The band showcased a number of songs from the new album during three concerts at London's Hackney Empire in June 2008.This 10-minute title track recounts the social history of a corner of east London that until 1900 was controlled by St Paul's Cathedral.
 Young and Restless is the debut album by band of the same name Young and Restless. It was released on July 14 2007.
 Seré Una Niña Buena is the first album by the Mexican singer Mariana Seoane launched in 2004.
 Four By The Beach Boys EP by The Beach Boys was the band's first and only EP released in the USA (not counting the Holland bonus EP Mount Vernon and Fairway) in contrast with the several EPs released in the UK and elsewhere. It contained only songs from the album All Summer Long. The lead track Little Honda peaked at number 65 on the Billboard Hot 100 while Wendy peaked at number 44.
 Kiss the Sky is a compilation album by American rock guitarist singer–songwriter Jimi Hendrix; released through Polydor Records in November 1984. The album's title is taken from the lyrics of Purple Haze. Red House was listed in the liner notes as the unedited version which amounted to a few seconds of studio chat that preceded the song. Stepping Stone was purported to be the original Band of Gypsys single mix but in fact is an alternate mix that is very very close to the single mix.
 Just Between You and Me was Porter Wagoner and Dolly Parton's first duet album released in early 1968 shortly after Parton joined Wagoner's band and became a regular on his weekly television show (and signed with RCA Records). The album's single was a cover of Tom Paxton's The Last Thing on My Mind; the album and the single reached the top ten on the country albums and singles charts respectively.
 In Spite of Wishing and Wanting is a 1999 soundtrack by David Byrne for the Ultima Vez dance troupe show of the same name. It features original compositions as well as remixes from Byrne's previous album Feelings. Byrne sold the album through his web site and live performances for a limited time.As indicated in the liner notes Byrne first saw Ultima Vez in Seattle in 1991 and kept in contact for several years before deciding to write the music for a show based on the fiction of Julio Cortázar.
 The Imbuing is the second full length album by Gizmachi. It was released in 2005 through Big Orange Clown Records a subsidiary of Sanctuary Records. The album would garner the band a coveted slot on the 2005 trek of the summer tour Ozzfest.
 The Michael Franks Anthology: The Art of Love is a jazz vocal album by Michael Franks released in 2003 with Warner Bros. It is Franks' eighteenth album and his third compilation after his import-only Indispensable: The Best of Michael Franks released in 1988 and The Best of Michael Franks: A Backward Glance in 1998.The compilation contains a selection of tracks over two discs spanning twenty three years from The Art of Tea in 1976 to Barefoot on the Beach in 1999.
 Yomigaeru Hi (甦る陽) is the first full album released by the Japanese rock band THE BACK HORN. It was released on April 24 2000 and is the band's only full-length independent album.
 Exotic Birds and Fruit is the seventh full-length studio album by British progressive rock band Procol Harum. It was released in 1974. Of special note is the release of the album in Argentina calling the album Pájaros Y Frutas Exóticas (literally translated as Birds and Exotic Fruit). The cover artwork for this album is from Jakob Bogdani a noted Slovakian artist whose paintings centred around exotic birds and fruit.
 The Ace Attorney series of video games has had many soundtracks. This is a listing of this discography.
 Disrupted Ads is the seventh studio album by American hip hop producer and rapper Oh No. It was released on January 29 2013. The album features guest appearances from Blu MED Rapsody Psalm One Tristate Midaz Chali 2na Roc C Gangrene Declaime Georgia Anne Muldrow and Souls of Mischief.
 In This Skin is the third studio album by American recording artist Jessica Simpson. The album was released in 2003 by Columbia Records. It was re-released in March 2004 with three new songs. The album was a huge success in North America in the United States reached its highest position at number #2 on the Billboard 200 earning a certificate of triple platinum. In This Skin went on to become the 35th best selling album of 2004 and has sold over 7 million copies worldwide.
 Live at the Fillmore is Ozomatli's second live album (although the first to receive widespread distribution). The album was released as a CD/DVD the DVD being the same performance with extra tracks and also special features. It was recorded at The Fillmore an auditorium in San Francisco.
 Florida Acoustic is an album by Sofia Talvik and was released 2010.
 Live at the Royal Albert Hall is the debut live album released by Scottish singer-songwriter Emeli Sandé. The album was released on 18 February 2013. The set features the headline concert filmed at London's Royal Albert Hall on 11 November 2012. The set includes Sandé's hit singles and songs from her number-one selling debut album Our Version of Events.
 Mariska & Pahat Sudet is the debut album of the Finnish band Mariska & Pahat Sudet. It was released on 10 May 2010. In its first week of release the album peaked at number 16 on the Official Finnish Album Chart. In spite of the somewhat low peak position the album managed to stay on the chart for 24 weeks and eventually earned the band a gold record.
 Stronger is the sixth album by American country recording artist Sara Evans. It was released on March 8 2011 via RCA Records Nashville.
 Love Peace & Poetry – Vol.10 Chilean is the Ten volume in the Love Peace & Poetry series released by QDK Media and Normal Records in 2008. This volume explores obscuro garage rock and psychedelic rock bands from Chile.
 9.11.2011 Toronto Canada is a 2011 live album released by American alternative rock band Pearl Jam. The album was released exclusively as a free digital download through Google Play Music on November 10 in anticipation of the official launch of said site on November 16.
 Me & Jerry is the title of the first duet recording by Chet Atkins and Jerry Reed. Consisting of pop country and standards this collaboration won the 1970 Grammy Award for Best Country Instrumental Performance. Chet is on the right speaker and Jerry on the left.
 T.H.U.G.S. is a Compilation album by Bone Thugs-N-Harmony. It was released by Ruthless Records. It debuted on the Billboard US 200 at no.73 selling 15000 in its first week.
 Agitprop is a 2012 album by the Kalahari Surfers the recording identity of South African musician Warrick Sony. Agitprop was released on Sjambok Music; it was first played at the Unyazi Festival in Durban in September. Agitprop explores Sony's fears about South Africa in the 2010s becoming a one party state under the African National Congress and includes a song about chemical warfare scientist Wouter Basson.
 2 is the second studio album from Low singer-songwriter-guitarist Alan Sparhawk's band Retribution Gospel Choir. It was released on January 26 2010 in the US and February 8 2010 in the UK on the Sub Pop Records label.
 Yellow mY skYcaptain is the debut solo album by A Perfect Circle strings and bass player Paz Lenchantin released in year 2000. The album was produced by Lenchantin herself.
 Ballroom Streets is a 1978 double album released by Melanie. The album is essentially a live album but recorded in the studio with a small audience. It mixed new recordings of old songs with some new songs. When first issued on CD in 1989 it did not contain Holding Out Any Guy Groundhog Day or Friends and Company. These songs were re-added on the 1994 CD pressings.The album is available for download at iTunes and Melanie's website.
 Cellulite Soul is the debut studio album by the Australian alternative rock and post-punk band Witch Hats released through In-Fidelity Recordings on 26 March 2008.The album was produced by Ben Ling and Phill Calvert of The Birthday Party. The track Before I Weigh was released as a 7-inch single prior to the album's release in November 2007. While on tour in the US they released a second 7-inch single for Hellhole on the New York indie label New York Night Train.
 Paraiso is the second studio album by young Filipino singing group Smokey Mountain. It was released in the Philippines in 1991 by Sony BMG Music. The album slightly surpassed the commercial success of the group's self-titled debut album also certifying 8× Platinum by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry (PARI) and selling over 253800 units in the country.
 Advent: Christmas EP Volume 2 is an EP by Future of Forestry. It was released on November 2 2010. It features 4 traditional holiday classics one original song and an instrumental interlude.
 Billboard Top R&B Hits: 1971 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1990 featuring 10 hit rhythm and blues recordings from 1971.All tracks on the album were hits on Billboard's Best Selling Soul Singles chart. In addition several of the songs were mainstream hits charting on the Billboard Hot 100 during 1971. One of those mainstream hits Just My Imagination (Running Away With Me) by The Temptations reached No. 1 on the Hot 100.
 Malditas Canciones is Coti Sorokin's fifth solo album. It earned a Latin Grammy Award nomination for Best Male Pop Vocal Album.
 Fundacion NYC is a progressive house mix compilation by Sasha. This album is recorded using the Ableton Live software and the album bears the name of his monthly residency nights in New York and Los Angeles.
 Nicely Out of Tune is the debut album by Lindisfarne released in late 1970. It charted more than a year after release thanks to the huge success of their second album Fog on the Tyne which topped the charts early in 1972.Lady Eleanor and Clear White Light were both released as singles. The former was reactivated once the group became successful and gave them a No. 3 hit in 1972.
 ¡Alabadle! is the ninth album released by Christian singer Marcos Witt. The album was recorded live in México City México.
 Allroy Sez is a 1988 album the first release from Los Angeles pop punk band All.After the Descendents' lead singer Milo Aukerman left the band in 1987 the remaining members chose to continue playing together under a different name and with a new vocalist former Dag Nasty frontman Dave Smalley. This is the first material they released after forming.
 Roll Call is an album by jazz tenor saxophonist Hank Mobley. Considered one of his best alongside Soul Station (also recorded in 1960) Roll Call features some of the most prominent musicians of the hard bop era specifically Wynton Kelly Paul Chambers Art Blakey and Freddie Hubbard.
 A Final Hit is the greatest hits album from Leftfield. It featured all of their single releases along with songs which were released on film soundtracks and others which had been hits with fans. A Limited Edition release contained a bonus DVD with music videos to seven of the singles released by Leftfield.
 Best of Bee Gees is a 1969 compilation album by the English rock band Bee Gees. It was their first international greatest hits album. It featured their singles from 1966-1969 with the exception of the band's another single Jumbo. Every Christian Lion Hearted Man Will Show You was the only track in this album which was not released as a single.
 From the Underground and Below is the ninth studio album by the thrash metal band Overkill released in 1997 by CMC International. Two cover songs were recorded during these sessions; No Feelings by Sex Pistols and Space Truckin' by Deep Purple.
 The Saddle Tramps is The Saddletramps's first album. The album was released in 1989 in Canada on Cassette Tape.
 The Very Best Of The Manhattan Transfer is a compilation album of The Manhattan Transfer released in 1994 on the Atlantic Records label. This album is a selection of the core songs of the group spanning more than twenty years.
 Pancho & Lefty is a honky tonk album by outlaw country musicians Merle Haggard and Willie Nelson released in 1983. A blockbuster album Pancho & Lefty dominated country music for the year and helped establish both artists as two of the best-selling and most critically acclaimed of the genre.
 Há 10 Mil Anos Atrás (Portuguese for 10 Thousand Years Ago) is the fourth studio solo album by Brazilian singer Raul Seixas. It was released in 1976.
 HollyHood is the eleventh studio album by rapper B.G.. This will be B.G.'s first album release since returning to Cash Money Records. The album was released on October 5 2010.
 The Early Years is a box set by acoustic duo Lost and Found. It consists of 3 cds 1 DVD and a booklet comprising songs from out of print albums from early in the band's history. It includes the complete original recordings of We All Are Our Third Album Hengh and Sikkibahm. Bonus tracks include selections from Everlastin' Alright This Is Our Perspective and A Christmas Album and some previously unreleased recordings.
 Also known as Super Hits of the '70s: Have a Nice Day Volume 2 or Super Hits of the '70s Volume 2.
 Fambly 42 is the fourth studio album by San Pedro-based punk band Toys That Kill released on May 15 2012 on Recess Records.
 Pop Said... is the debut album by Welsh band The Darling Buds. All songs were written by Harley Farr and Andrea Lewis. Originally released by Epic Records in 1988 the album was re-released by Cherry Red Records in 2006 in an expanded 21-track edition including B-sides and rarities from the era. The album charted at number 23 at the UK Albums Chart.
 BGM is the fourth album by Yellow Magic Orchestra released on March 21 1981. The title stands for Background music. This album was produced by Haruomi Hosono. YMO was the first band to utilize the Roland TR-808 Rhythm Composer one of the first programmable drum machines as early as 1980. In early 1981 they released BGM as their first studio album recorded with the Roland MC-4 Microcomposer and TR-808.
 Dehumanization Human is the name of the seventh studio album Colombian group Kraken It was released on 5 December 1989 by Athena Productions. The first single from the album was Time never lies. The second single was  Breaking the spell and the third single was Strange prediction.
 The Calm is an extended play by Insane Clown Posse that was released on May 17 2005. This CD is the first after ICP's Jokers Card saga. The title refers to the popular phrase the calm before the storm. The intro sets up The Tempest their next CD released on March 20 2007.
 Un autre univers (2005) is the fifth studio album and first entirely French language release from Australian singer Tina Arena. It successfully climbed to #9 in the French chart in November 2006 its highest position since entering the chart almost a year earlier. The album was certified platinum in France.
 Folker is Paul Westerberg's sixth solo album. It peaked at number 178 on the Billboard 200 and number 18 on the Top Independent Album charts.Folker marks the final chapter in a trilogy of albums for the previous leader of The Replacements which started back in 2002 with the release of the double album Stereo/Mono. Much like that set Folker was entirely written produced and recorded by Westerberg in his basement studio with the recording kept as simple and lo-fi as possible.
 Burst and Bloom is an EP by American indie rock band Cursive released in 2001 on Saddle Creek Records. It is the band's first release with cellist Gretta Cohn and is notable for its meta-perspective of the music itself.[citation needed] Some lyrics in the song Sink To The Beat reference the song-writing process and their record label (This is the latest from Saddle Creek).
 Educação Sentimental (English: Sentimental education) is the second studio album released by Brazilian pop music band Kid Abelha. It was originally released in 1985 by WEA and sparked some successful hits in Brazilian airplay such as Lágrimas e Chuva Educação Sentimental (Parts I & II) Garotos and A Fórmula do Amor.It was listed by Rolling Stone Brazil as one of the 100 best Brazilian albums in history.
 From In to Out is a live album by Jamaican-born jazz trumpeter Dizzy Reece featuring performances recorded in Paris in 1970 and released on the French Futura label.
 Confuse the Marketplace is an EP by LCD Soundsystem. The 12 single is a collection of songs for the North American market all of which were previously only available on vinyl on European singles from Sound of Silver. All the songs are also available on the CD re-release of 45:33.
 Izlaz And Isprat is an album by punk rock band Alien Father.
 Styx - Classics Volume 15 is a greatest hits compilation for the band Styx released in 1987 by A&M Records as part of A&M's classics series of greatest hits albums for artists on its label.Like Best of Styx this compilation is label-exclusive. Therefore it only contains Styx's hits on the A&M label—which necessarily excludes Styx's significant hit Lady which was recorded for Wooden Nickel Records.
 Prime of My Life is the eighth album by American soul singer-songwriter Phyllis Hyman.It was released by Philadelphia International Records on June 11 1991 and featured Hyman's only pop hit Don't Wanna Change the World which peaked at #1 on the US Billboard R&B chart and #68 on the Billboard Hot 100. Both the album and single were RIAA certified gold on September 24 1992.
 Not in My Airforce (1996) is Robert Pollard's first solo album released simultaneously with Tobin Sprout's Carnival Boy just as the classic Guided by Voices lineup was dissolving.In 2007 Pollard launched a new record label Prom Is Coming Records which took its name from the track off this album.
 Echoes of a Nightmare is the debut album by Swedish progressive power metal band Moonlight Agony.
 Dark Angel is the soundtrack to the television series Dark Angel. It was released on April 23 2002 through Artemis Records and consisted of songs of the hip hop and R&B genre. The soundtrack wasn't a commercial success only making it to 50 on the Top Independent Albums.
 Double Live Assassins is a live album by the American heavy metal group W.A.S.P.. It was recorded live during their K.F.D. World Tour in 1997. It was released in February 1998 in the U.K. and in the U.S. in June of that same year.It is one of the last recordings by W.A.S.P. that features Chris Holmes in the band's lineup. It also features the new addition on bass guitar for the band Mike Duda.
 Believed is the third album by American pop singer-songwriter actor Jamie Walters. It was released on June 26 2002 through indie label Leisure Records. It is a pop/rock guitar driven album.
 The Name Above the Title is an album released in February 1991 by folk-rock singer John Wesley Harding. All songs were written by Harding except as noted.
 Year in the Kingdom is J. Tillman's sixth album. It was released via Western Vinyl. On the label's website you can read: Unknown to just about everyone Tillman started recording in April tracking most of the instruments during the two week session himself. Hammered dulcimer banjo recorder cymbals of varying size and wheezing air organs all feature heavily and lend YITK it's bizarre scale conjuring tidal shifts with tiny movements.
 The Luxury of Time is the debut album by singer/songwriter David Mead. It was released to critical acclaim by RCA Records in 1999.
 Notre Jour Viendra OST is a 2010 album by the French artist SebastiAn. It is the soundtrack to the film of the same name directed by Romain Gavras.
 Paul's Boutique is the second studio album by American hip hop group Beastie Boys released on July 25 1989 on Capitol Records. Featuring production by the Dust Brothers the recording sessions for the album took place in Matt Dike's apartment and the Record Plant in Los Angeles from 1988 to 1989 after which the recordings underwent mixing at the Record Plant in Los Angeles.
 Glitter in the Gutter is singer-songwriter Jesse Malin's third studio album released on Adeline Records on March 20 2007. Glitter in the Gutter includes Malin's cover of The Replacements' Bastards of Young and the album features guest appearances from Bruce Springsteen (backing vocals on Broken Radio) Jakob Dylan (backing vocals on Black Haired Girl) Josh Homme and Chris Shiflett of Foo Fighters and Me First and the Gimme Gimmes.
 Sno-Core Compilation is a compilation album by Foil Records released on March 10 1998. Inspired by the eponymous tour this album includes popular names such as the Sublime Blink 182 and Incubus along with many others.
 The River Sessions a double CD live retrospective from Scottish rock band Gun.
 Exhibit A is the major label debut LP album from Tennessee-based band The Features. It was released on September 14 2004 in the USA and April 18 2005 in the UK. The UK edition features alternative cover art and two bonus tracks Kari-Ann and Darkroom.
 Alexis Jordan is the self-titled debut studio album by American recording artist Alexis Jordan. It was released from February 25 2011 through Roc Nation. After being signed to rapper Jay-Z's Roc Nation label in March 2010 Jordan began working with Norwegian production duo Stargate on the album Jordan also worked with producers Sandy Vee Nightwatch Espionage.
 Six Strings and a Sailboat is the debut studio album by New Zealand singer-songwriter Jamie McDell. It was released 16 November 2012 and peaked at number 8 on the New Zealand Album Charts. An instrumental version of the album was released on 11 January 2013 on the iTunes Store.
 Duets is an album by jazz guitarists Joe Pass and John Pisano released in 1991. It was reissued in 1996 by Original Jazz Classics.The sessions for Duets were based on producer Eric Miller's idea for Pass and Pisano to spontaneously improvise to a video collage of National Geographic footage cartoons and movie clips.
 Fly Zone is the second full-length mixtape by American rapper/producer Le1f released on January 28 2013.
 Nebo je malo za sve (trans. The Sky Is not Big Enough for All) is the debut album from Serbian and former Yugoslav hard rock band Kerber released in 1983.
 Primary Colors is the fourth studio album by Japanese J-pop band Day After Tomorrow.
 Fragile Future is the third full-length studio album by Hawthorne Heights. It was their final studio album released through Victory Records and was their first album to not feature guitarist and unclean vocalist Casey Calvert due to his death in November 2007. The album features 12 tracks (excluding bonus tracks). The album was to be released earlier in 2008 but due to an incident with Victory Records it was postponed.
 Mujizat Itu Nyata is the gospel album by the first winner of Indonesian Idol Joy Tobing.
 Mi Vida Loca is a compilation album released by Jenni Rivera in 2007.
 Live In America is the fourth album by Victor Wooten released in 2001. The double disc contains highlights of the Yin Yang tour.
 In Shoals is the second album by German metalcore Band War from a Harlots Mouth. It was released on March 19 2009 by Lifeforce Records. The album shows more of a metalcore sound departing from their previous heavier sound on their debut album and EP. It is also the first release by the band to include current vocalist Nico Webers.
 This article describes the 52nd album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 52 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 52 or Now 52 was released in 2002 on audio cassette and CD.
 Dream with Dean is a 1964 studio album by Dean Martin produced by Jimmy Bowen.This was the first of two albums that Martin released in 1964. Dream with Dean peaked at 15 on the Billboard 200. The album features Everybody Loves Somebody with a quartet accompaniment Martin was to re-record the song with strings later in 1964 and it would become his first single to top the Billboard Hot 100.
 Svingin' with Svend is an album by American musician David Grisman and Danish musician Svend Asmussen released in 1987. It is attributed to the David Grisman Quintet featuring Svend Asmussen.All songs were recorded live with the exception of Lap-Nils Polska and Jitterbug Waltz which were recorded at Bay View Studios in Richmond California in 1987.
 Word of Mouth is the second studio album by Australian band Matt Finish. The album was released in 1984 and produced the singles Always Another (May 1984) Words and Wars (June 1984) and Come On Over (September 1984). When promoting the album the band supported U2 on their Under Australian Skies Tour.
 Pop Lib is an EP album by New Zealand band The Puddle released in 1982.
 Adiós I'm a Ghost is the third studio album from American rock band The Moondoggies. It was released in August 2013 in Hardly Art.
 Ignite is the eighth studio album from Shihad and was released on 20 September 2010 in New Zealand and 24 September 2010 in Australia. Ignite debuted at Number One on the New Zealand music charts eventually achieving gold sales there.Lead single Sleepeater is featured in Konami's Pro Evolution Soccer 2011 video game.
 No One Can Ever Know is the third studio album by Scottish indie rock band The Twilight Sad released by Fat Cat Records on 6 February 2012 in the UK and a day later in the US. The album was produced by the band with assistance and advice from producer Andrew Weatherall who helped the band in experimenting with analog synthesizers. No One Can Ever Know marks a shift in the band's wall of sound approach towards a darker more industrial-influenced sound.
 A Moment In Life That's Right is the first studio album by Echo Orbiter. It was released on Looking Glass Workshop in 1998. Combining Revolver-era Beatles studio trickery with Syd Barrett-styled songwriting A Moment in Life That's Right was described as an album of crafty and catchy harmonies a new twist to new pop and a lovely racket indeed. The band has described the album as designedly autotelic.
 Sinch is the group's major label debut released via Roadrunner Records in July 2002. The album was generally well received and went on to sell close to 100000 copies worldwide. Roadrunner decided not to renew the band's contract leading to a three year delay before they resurfaced with Clearing the Channel.
 Mindfields is the 10th studio album by the American rock band Toto. It was released on November 16 1999. Mindfields saw the return of vocalist Bobby Kimball who had departed the band following the 1982 album Toto IV.
 Our Pain Your Gain is the first live DVD release by New York-based punk band Mindless Self Indulgence released on September 11 2007. The DVD is compiled from three shows the band played at New York New York's Webster Hall in July 2005.
 H.N.I.C. 3 is the third studio album by American hip hop recording artist Prodigy of gangsta rap duo Mobb Deep. The album was released on July 3 2012 under Infamous Records. The album is the third installment of Prodigy's H.N.I.C. series. The album features guest appearances from Wiz Khalifa T.I. Willie Taylor of Day26 and his Mobb Deep cohort Havoc.
 Creed Live is the first concert film by the American rock band Creed recorded on September 25 2009 in Houston and released on December 8 2009. The performance broke the world record for the most amount of cameras (239) used at a live music event and was available for viewing for free on Rockpit and MyContent. All of the band's hits including the new single Overcome were performed. It also features usage of the big freeze technology popularized by the movie The Matrix.
 Torch is the first album by Devon Allman's Honeytribe. It was originally released in 2006 by Livewire Recordings then rereleased in 2007 by Provogue Records.
 Rings Around the World is the fifth studio album and the major label debut by Super Furry Animals. Released on 23 July 2001 by Epic Records in the United Kingdom it was the first album by any artist to be simultaneously released on both audio CD and DVD.
 See You is the second studio album from Contemporary Christian-Folk-adult contemporary musician-pop rock recording artist Josh Wilson released on February 8 2011 by Sparrow Records. The album has been met with commercial and critical successes.
 Nafas Haye Bi Hadaf (pronounced [næfæs hɒːje biː hædæf]) is the first official studio album by Iranian singer-songwriter Mohsen Yeganeh.
 In The Good Old Country Way is the third studio album released by British post-punk band The Nightingales. It was released in 1986 through the Vindaloo record label.
 Remember the Future is the fourth album from English progressive rock band Nektar. It is a concept album featuring one song divided into two parts. On the original LP each side contained one of the two parts. It was first released in 1973 by Bacillus (Bellaphon). The album was re-released in 1990 on LP and CD by Germany's Bellaphon. The mix used for this release was the LP mix that was rejected.
 Double Trouble is the fifth album by Frankie Miller. The album took shape in April 1978 at the Record Plant in New York with Miller receiving backing from drummer BJ Wilson from Procol Harum guitarist Ray Russell two-man horn section Chris Mercer and Martin Drover and keyboardist and vocalist Paul Carrack who co-wrote five of the songs with Miller. Steven Tyler from Aerosmith also makes a guest appearance as backing vocalist
 My Way or the Highway is the first major studio album released by blues guitarist Guitar Shorty (David Kearney) even though he had been in the business since the 1950s. The album is credited to Guitar Shorty & The Otis Grand Blues Band; it was at the behest and producing of Grand that Shorty made the record.It was first released in 1991 on CD by the label JSP and was subsequently re-released in 1999 and 2005.
 Tapping the Vein is the fifth album by German thrash metal band Sodom released in 1992. It shows more of a death metal influence compared to previous albums.[citation needed]
 Kryptonite is the second album from British based producer DJ Fresh. The album primarily features drum & bass tracks featuring drum and bass group Sigma and vocalists Stamina MC Koko Valkyrie and Ce'Cile. The album has been pushed back various times each time with a new track or an old track removed.
 Rot (German for Red) is the fifth studio album (sixth overall) by German rapper Sabrina Setlur released by 3p Records on August 24 2007 (see 2007 in music). It was entirely co-produced by Martin Haas and Moses Pelham with additional contribution by Bayz Benzon. The album was critically acclaimed but has widely failed to receive any commercial success yet becoming Setlur's lowest-charting studio album to date.
 Creid (Irish pronunciation: [kɾʲɛdʲ] meaning Believe) is the arranged soundtrack to Square's role-playing video game Xenogears. It was written by the game's composer Yasunori Mitsuda and performed by a musical ensemble dubbed Millennial Fair. It was released on April 22 1998 in Japan by DigiCube and re-released by Square Enix on June 29 2005.
 Home to You is a studio album released in 1999 by American country music artist John Michael Montgomery. It includes the singles Hello L.O.V.E. Home to You You Are and Nothing Catches Jesus By Surprise. Hello L.O.V.E. reached #15 on the Billboard country charts and the title track peaked at #2 The latter two singles both failed to make Top 40 thus becoming the first singles of Montgomery's career to miss Top 40.
 Demonstrating My Style is the second studio album by New York band Madball. In 2007 it was rereleased by Roadrunner Records as a double album also containing Look My Way.
 Hole in the Sun is the ninth studio album by Night Ranger released internationally on April 23 2007 with Frontiers Records. The album was released in the U.S. on July 1 2008. The album features Great White keyboardist Michael Lardie as a replacement for Alan Fitzgerald who left the band several years prior. Hole in the Sun would also be the last (to date) to feature guitarist Jeff Watson who parted ways with the band before the album was released.
 Les Discrets / Arctic Plateau is a split release by Les Discrets and Arctic Plateau released in 2011 giving an insight in the artists upcoming releases Ariettes oubliées... and The Enemy Inside respectively. The artwork was done by Les Discrets' Fursy Teyssier. Arctic Plateau's part also features the demo's that led to their contract with Prophecy Records in 2008. The Persuaders Theme is a cover of the theme melody for the 1971 TV series The Persuaders!
 Entalma Silepseos (English: Arrest Warrant) is an album by popular Greek artist Katy Garbi. It was released in 1991 by Sony Music Greece. The CD edition of the album includes some hit singles from her first two albums due to her growing popularity.
 Harnessing Ruin is the sixth album by Immolation. It was released on Listenable Records in 2005.
 ...Saturday Night 'Round Ten is a live album by the Australian rock band You Am I released in 1999.The performances are taken from three sets the band played in a warehouse in Richmond Victoria. Round Ten was released as a radio only single. A recording of The Cream And The Crock from the same gigs was released as a B-side to the Internet-only single Who Put the Devil in You.
 Resurrection is a 2008 live DVD released only in Japan by Flower Travellin' Band. It commemorates their reunion in the 21st century and features two discs. The first disc features an entire concert while the second features interviews and other special features. It was recorded at the Hibiya Open-Air Concert Hall
 Free to Stay is the follow-up LP to Smoosh's 2004's release of She Like Electric. The album was released on June 6 2006.
 Damnation (Ride the Madness) is the 1999 studio solo album of the American deathrock veteran musician Eva O released on the German label Massacre Records. The album was announced as the first half of a two album set but the sequel to be titled Salvation (Are You Ready to Die?) was not released. Her 2005 album Damnation/Salvation includes rerecorded versions of songs from this album along with the Salvation (Are You Ready to Die?) songs.
 A Man Needs a Woman is a 1968 album by James Carr. This would be the last of Carr's albums until his come-back album Take Me to the Limit in 1991.After Carr's death in 2001 Kent Records re-released the album with several bonus tracks in 2003.
 Is for Karaoke is a 2011 cover album by American rock band Relient K. The first seven songs were released on July 28 as Is for Karaoke EP and on October 4 the remaining songs were released as Is for Karaoke Pt. 2 EP concurrently with the full-length album.
 Kiske is an album released by the German musician Michael Kiske (ex-Helloween) in 2006.Of the four solo efforts produced by Kiske this is the one most removed from his metal roots/past having little to no electric guitar.Of all his solo albums Kiske refers to this as his favorite. He says this because he believes this to be the album that he had the most creative and expressive freedom in the recording process. According to Kiske It's a healthy-careless and musically free album.
 Mimic47 is the 4th album by Finnish melodic death metal band Diablo. It debuted at #1 on the Finnish albums chart.
 Plug In and Hang On: Live in Tokyo is a live album by heavy metal band Vicious Rumors released in 1992.The material for this CD was recorded in Kawasaki Japan at Club Citta.
 Nena Die Band is a best-of album by German pop group Nena released in 1991. The first track Lass mich dein Pirat sein is a remix. The version of 99 Luftballons here combines the original recording with a live recording.
 Miracle is a 1996 debut album by Puff Johnson. Forever More was one of the big hits from the album.The album peaked US R&B #61 Heatseekers #34 with RIAA Certification: N/A (1 million worldwide).
 Live at Ronnie Scott's is a live long-form video by British recording artist Lisa Stansfield. It was released in July and August 2005 in Europe. The DVD captures Stansfield's weeklong sold-out residency at the Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in London. It documents her critically acclaimed performance on the stage that has become home to some of the most famous and talented names in the music business over the past fifty years.
 Razorblade Suitcase is the second album by the British grunge band Bush released in November 1996 by Trauma Records. The album is widely believed to have signalled the demise of the grunge genre as it was one of the last widely known albums released bearing a grunge-sound.[citation needed]
 Bounty (stylized as bounty) is the second audiovisual album produced by the electronic music project iamamiwhoami pseudonym of Swedish singer-songwriter Jonna Lee. Originally produced and released as a series of singles throughout 2010 and 2011 it was later released as an album on 3 June 2013 on iamamiwhoami's label To whom it may concern distributed by Cooperative Music a group of independent labels.
 White Heat is a compilation album released in August 2011 by Australian rock band Icehouse. This album was released as a two disc set (also available as a digital download) and a three disc set including a DVD of Icehouse video clips.
 A Flock of Seagulls is the eponymous debut album by the new wave band A Flock of Seagulls. It was released in 1982 on Jive (see 1982 in music) and featured the international hit single I Ran (So Far Away) which reached the Top 10 in the US and New Zealand as well as No. 1 in Australia. The song Space Age Love Song also managed to score radio play. On the success of the singles the album reached No. 10 in the US.
 Trail of Dreams: A Canadian Suite is a 2000 studio album by Oscar Peterson. The album is a suite dedicated to Peterson's native Canada arranged by Michel Legrand.
 The Flex-Able Leftovers album released on November 10 1998 on Sony Records contains five bonus tracks and is quite different from the original Flex-Able Leftovers EP. Unlike Steve Vai's other albums which are mostly instrumental almost all copies of Flex-Able Leftovers feature a Parental Advisory label as a result of the song Fuck Yourself containing multiple profanities and sexual references.
 Live At The Teddy Bear Club is a live album by New Zealand band The Puddle released in 1991.
 Je M'Aime is a studio album by Sow released in 1994 and re-released in 1999. Je M'Aime is the first major release of Sow.
 Dear Love: A Beautiful Discord is the debut studio album by American band The Devil Wears Prada. It was released on August 22 2006 through Rise Records. It includes re-recorded versions of all the tracks from their demo Patterns of a Horizon and two original tracks Texas is South and Dogs Can Grow Beards All Over. The closing track Salvation features guest vocals by Cole Wallace of Gwen Stacy. Dogs Can Grow Beards All Over is available for download via the Rock Band Network.
 4Minute World is the fifth mini-album by South Korean girl group 4minute released on March 17 2014. It features the lead single Whatcha Doin' Today.
 No Quarter Pounder is a studio album by Dread Zeppelin released on September 12 1995. Its title is wordplay on the Led Zeppelin song No Quarter and the name of a hamburger made by McDonald's a Quarter Pounder (so named for its pre-cooked weight).
 Live in Vienna is the first live album of the German rock band Böhse Onkelz. It was recorded on December 13 1991 at the Vienna Messepalast.
 Angel Song is a studio album by Canadian musician Kenny Wheeler recorded in 1996 and released in 1997 on the ECM label as ECM 1607. It features performances by Lee Konitz Bill Frisell and Dave Holland.
 Through Being Cool is the second album by the American band Saves the Day. It has a more melodic sound than their first album Can't Slow Down which was a more punk/hardcore driven record. Through Being Cool was released one year after the band's first album with three of the members having been replaced in the meantime. At the time of the recording Saves The Day consisted of Chris Conley Dave Soloway Ted Alexander Eben D'Amico and Bryan Newman.
 For All I Care is an album by The Bad Plus with Wendy Lewis on vocals. It was released on October 20th 2008 in Europe and on February 3rd 2009 in the U.S. This is the first Bad Plus album to include a vocalist as well as the first to feature no original songs. Although the Bad Plus are known for playing inventive covers of rock songs this is their first album to exclusively feature cover songs including a few 20th-century classical pieces.
 Sidthug is the first album by Luke Vibert under the alias Spac Hand Luke. The release was mastered by Matt Colton.
 Chewed Corners is the eighth studio album from English electronic musician µ-Ziq. It was released in July 2013 under Planet Mu Records.
 Paradise in Gazankulu is an album by Harry Belafonte released by EMI in 1988. As of 2014 it is Harry Belafonte's final studio album. The album deals with the plight of black South Africans under the Apartheid system. The album was re-released as an official mp3 download by amazon.com and iTunes in the U.K. in 2010.
 La Historia (Eng.: The History) is the title of a compilation album released by norteño music band Intocable. This album became their second number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums. It was released with two formats CD and CD/DVD and both versions charted separately.
 Don't Think is a 2012 live album and concert film of The Chemical Brothers when they performed at the Fuji Rock Festival the previous year.
 Hasta la Vista Baby! is the penultimate album from UK hard rock band Skin. A double-live CD recorded at LA2 in London on April 26 1998 as part of the bands farewell tour and released later that same year.
 Sluz Duz Music is the debut album by American multi-instrumentalist Peter Ostroushko released in 1985.Sluz Duz is an Old World sound developed by Ostroushko that combines the dance music of the Ukraine and other European countries with American blugrass ragtime and swing. The bluegrass band Hot Rize is also featured on the album.
 Love Come to Life is the seventh studio album by Christian Contemporary-Folk-Rock band Big Daddy Weave. The album released on April 17 2012 by Fervent Records and Curb Records. The album was produced by band member Jeremy Redmon. The album has charted on Billboard 200 and Christian Albums charts at Nos. 196 and 8 respectively. The song that was released as the lead single from the album was Love Come to Life which peaked at No.
 Little Boy is the eighth album of singer/actor/host Janno Gibbs.
 Shy People is the Tangerine Dream soundtrack to the 1988 movie Shy People.
 The Hearth is a live album featuring a performance by Cecil Taylor with Tristan Honsinger and Evan Parker recorded in Berlin on June 30 1988 as part of month long series of concerts by Taylor and released on the FMP label.The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states This is a devastatingly fine gig and one of the best Taylor played the entire month he was in Berlin.
 Salutations from the Ghetto Nation is the third album by the American heavy metal band Warrior Soul released in 1992. The album was remastered and re-released with bonus tracks on CD MP3 and vinyl in 2009 by Escapi Music.
 Juicy Fruit is a 1983 album by R&B group Mtume. It contains their No. 1 R&B hit Juicy Fruit. It was their third album for Epic Records.
 Nina Simone at Carnegie Hall is a 1963 album by jazz singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone (1933–2003). It is a live album recorded at Simone's first solo appearance at Carnegie Hall in New York on April 12 1963 and was released on Colpix Records.
 Dreamland is a studio album by the alternative rock band Aztec Camera released in 1993.
 Aftermath (stylized as 'aftərmaθ) formerly known as This Means Love is the second studio album by Australian Contemporary Christian band Hillsong United. Production for the album began in March 2010 at Studios 301 in Sydney Australia.
 My Life is a 2007 EP album by ukulele artist Jake Shimabukuro released in the U.S. on September 4 2007 on the Hitchhike Records label. It was released in Japan on July 18 2007 by Epic/Sony.The album peaked at number 13 on the Top World Music Albums chart. It won the 2008 Hawaii Music Award for Best Ukulele Album.AllMusic summed up their review as follows: ... On this brief but completely charming EP ...
 My Baby Don't Tolerate is an album recorded by Lyle Lovett and released in 2003.On Tolerate Lovett favors his country side a bit more than his many other facets. While long-time fans were reportedly disappointed with the album's pop-flavored opening track Cute as a Bug many of the other songs demonstrated his strengths as a storyteller. Oddly the album ends with two gospel songs with remarkably similar names which some critics decried as an overly precious attempt at enforced quirkiness.
 Divine Operating System is the second studio album released by Supreme Beings of Leisure an electronic/trip-hop band in 2002.
 Phaedra 2005 is an album by Tangerine Dream a re-recording of their 1974 album Phaedra.
 Heat is the third studio album by Soul for Real released on May 18 1999.
 BBC In Concert is a live album by English post-punk group Killing Joke released in 1995. Songs 1-10 were recorded at the 1986 Reading Festival in England (on 22 August) while the final three songs were recorded during a 1985 Paris Theatre appearance (6 March). It has been reviewed as a better-than-average bootleg due to the sound quality.
 Undiluted is an album by jazz pianist Wynton Kelly recorded in 1965 and released on the Verve label featuring performances by Kelly with Paul Chambers and Jimmy Cobb with flautist Ray Stevenson added on one track.
 We Are the Others is the third full-length album by the Dutch symphonic metal band Delain. It was released in the Benelux and Germany on June 1 and in the United Kingdom and France on June 4 2012 by CNR Music who took over Delain when Warner Music refused to release We Are the Others. The first single Get the Devil Out of Me was released on April 13. The second single We Are The Others and its video was released on September 11 2012.
 Heliopolis is a second album of Sweden based Greek musician Jannis Tzikas. The album was officially released in 2006.
 Inception: Music from the Motion Picture is the soundtrack to the 2010 film of the same name directed by Christopher Nolan released under Reprise Records on July 13 2010. Hans Zimmer scored the film marking his third collaboration with Nolan following Batman Begins and The Dark Knight.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Social Distortion. It was released on June 26 2007.
 Blood in My Eye is the fifth studio album by rapper Ja Rule released in 2003. The album was originally planned to be a mixtape. The release of the album took place during the feud with Shady/Aftermath rappers 50 Cent G-Unit Eminem D12 Dr. Dre and Busta Rhymes and was entirely dedicated to dissing them. The album was named after George Jackson's radical book of the same name.Hussein Fatal of Outlawz Cadillac Tah James Gotti Sizzla Black Child Young Merc & D.O.
 A Certain Smile A Certain Sadness is an album by Astrud Gilberto and Walter Wanderley recorded in September 1966.It was released by Verve Records at the height of the Bossa Nova craze in the United States and featured the two most popular Bossa Nova musicians at the time: vocalist Astrud Gilberto and organist Walter Wanderley. A 1998 CD reissue added two songs recorded during the same sessions that yielded the album.
 Early Computer Works is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It was only available with a limited edition version of Scene.
 Like a Corpse standing in Desperation is the title of a career-spanning rarities box set by darkwave band Sopor Aeternus & the Ensemble of Shadows that was released in 2005. The recordings span fifteen years of original demos rarities & documented failures. Re-issued for the first time are the out-of-print EP Ehjeh Ascher Ehjeh and remix album Voyager - The Jugglers of Jusa along with the never before heard demo tape Es reiten die Toten so schnell...
 Philosophy is an album by the British dance music duo Coldcut released in 1993 with vocalist on this album by Janis Alexander
 Look Out For #1 is the debut album by the Los Angeles California-based duo Brothers Johnson released in 1976. The album reached number one on the R&B albums chart and number three on the jazz albums chart in the United States.
 Sift the Noise is the debut album by Australian indie rock band Skipping Girl Vinegar. It was recorded in living rooms bedrooms kitchens and studios across Melbourne – as well as ‘The Lookout’ a beach shack in Aireys Inlet.
 All About Tonight is the second extended play and eighth studio release by American country music artist Blake Shelton. It was released on August 10 2010 via Warner Music Group Nashville under its Reprise label. The first single All About Tonight was released to radio in April 2010 and has become his seventh Number One hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.
 Ígéret is the seventh studio album of the Hungarian folk metal band Dalriada. This is their first album that includes a song not only in Hungarian since Leszek A Hold has Finnish verses sung by Jonne Järvelä of Korpiklaani. The album title means promise in Hungarian.
 The Highest Mountain is an album by saxophonist Clifford Jordan which was recorded in West Germany in 1975 and first released on the SteepleChase label. The album should not be confused with the CD reissue of the Muse album Night of the Mark VII which also used the same title
 Infamous Angel is the debut album of singer-songwriter Iris DeMent.In 1995 her song Our Town was played in the closing moments of the last episode for the CBS TV series Northern Exposure. It has also been recorded by Kate Rusby and by Jody Stecher and Kate Brislin.
 Under a Raging Moon is Roger Daltrey's sixth solo album issued in September 1985. The album reached No. 42 on the US charts and the single After the Fire written by Pete Townshend reached No. 48. It includes a drummers tribute to Keith Moon former drummer of The Who who died in 1978 on the track Under a Raging Moon.The album was produced by Alan Shacklock recorded at RAK Recording Studios and Odyssey Studios London and released on Atlantic Records in the US.
 The Prophecy is first full-length album by Indonesian death metal Death Vomit after two stabbing demos;Spirit of Blasphemy and Eternally Deprecated-that coloured their journey in Indonesian metal scene. The recording took place in Studio Avila Sleman Jogjakarta that have been held by Inal as an operator loading in the time period between 6th until 14 May 2006.
 Walking Off the Buzz is the third studio album by the American alternative rock band Blessid Union of Souls released on April 27 1999 (see 1999 in music) on V2 Records. It spawned the hit single Hey Leonardo (She Likes Me for Me).
 Beginnings was a cover album by the English rock group Ambrose Slade who were later known as Slade. It was released on 9 May 1969 but failed to enter the charts. It was also released as Ballzy in the U.S. It was also re-released years later under the title Beginnings of Slade.Beginnings was remastered in 2006 and released with their second album Play It Loud on a single CD.
 ... Beautiful Lies You Could Live In was the sixth album credited to American psychedelic folk group Pearls Before Swine and their fourth on Reprise Records. It was released in 1971.Like its predecessor City of Gold the album was credited to Tom Rapp and Pearls Before Swine rather than solely in the group's name. By this time Rapp was usually recording as in effect a solo singer-songwriter supported by his wife Elisabeth and by session musicians.
 The Pink Panther is the soundtrack album to the 2006 film of the same name starring Steve Martin Jean Reno Kevin Kline and Beyoncé Knowles. It was composed and produced by Canadian composer Christophe Beck. The soundtrack features only the score excluding the songs by Beyoncé that were used in the film. However Henry Mancini's Pink Panther Theme is included.
 Alive at Red Rocks is a live DVD and bonus CD by the American band Incubus. It was recorded in Red Rocks Colorado on July 26 2004. It was the first DVD showing new bassist Ben Kenney (Dirk Lance's replacement). It was also the first DVD that featured Mike Einziger using a Fender Rhodes piano on the performances of Here in My Room and Drive.The bonus CD included five previously unreleased tracks.
 Miniature Portraits is the second album by Five Style released on August 24 1999 through Sub Pop.
 The P.M.R.C. Can Suck on This is an EP by the American punk rock band NOFX. It was originally released in 1987 through Wassail Records with hand-written labels (limited to 500 copies) and was re-released on January 1 1990 through Fat Wreck Chords. The original version of the EP featured a black-and-white photo montage of Tammy Faye Bakker pegging then-husband (and televangelist) Jim Bakker as its cover but was eventually changed to a picture of guitarist Eric Melvin.
 Hydra is the sixth studio album by the Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation. It was released on January 31 2014 in Europe and on February 4 2014 in North America. The album contains guest appearances by metalcore singer Howard Jones (ex-Killswitch Engage) rapper Xzibit classical-crossover/symphonic metal vocalist Tarja Turunen (ex-Nightwish) and alternative rock singer Dave Pirner (Soul Asylum).
 星愿 (I Will) is the official title of the debut studio album by Chinese singer Zhang Liyin better known among English-speakers as simply I WILL. The album was released in various regions of China on March 3 2008 and released in South Korea on March 12 2008 which included two bonus Korean tracks. The Asian Special Edition (CD+DVD) of the album was released on March 28 2008 in Taiwan.
 Don't Stop Movin' is a US-only release from S Club. The album contains a combination of tracks from Sunshine and Seeing Double. It was released in December 2002. It failed to chart or produce any hit singles following the top 10 success of Never Had a Dream Come True. This was to be the group's final release in the US.
 Mr. Fantasy is the debut album by English rock band Traffic. It was released in 1967. For the recording group members included Jim Capaldi Steve Winwood Chris Wood and Dave Mason however Mason left the band before the album was released. The album reached the number 16 position in the UK albums chart and number 88 in the American Billboard charts.
 Bob Andy's Song Book is a 1970 album of songs by Jamaican reggae singer and songwriter Bob Andy recorded between 1966 and 1968. Andy had first found fame as the lead vocalist of The Paragons but his peak as a solo artist came in the late '60s when he recorded a string of singles for Clement Coxsone Dodd's Studio One label. In 1970 these singles were compiled on the Song Book album.
 Quadron is the first studio album by Danish soul pop duo Quadron.
 Ultra. Dance 02 is a dance compilation album from Ultra Records released as part of the label's Ultra.Dance series. It was released on June 25 2002 and mixed by DJ Encore.
 Christmas Carousel is a 1960 studio album (see 1960 in music) by Peggy Lee arranged by Billy May.
 La Mascara is an EP by The Blackeyed Susans released in 1998.
 12 Super Exitos is a compilation of Selena's greatest hits released in 1994 by EMI Latin. It was the last album released before her murder on March 31 1995. After its release Selena began working on her crossover album which was set to be released in the summer of 1995.
 Terroreign (Apocalyptic Armageddon Command) is the sixth studio album by Singaporean black metal band Impiety released in 2009 through Agonia Records. The album is made available as regular jewel case limited edition digipak with sticker and vinyl. The latter is pressed to 750 limited copies; 100 on white 400 on regular black LP and the rest 250 copies as picture disc. All vinyl version comes with an A3 landscape poster of Impiety with some bearing Shyaithan's signature.
 Lumpy Gravy is the debut solo album by Frank Zappa recorded with a group of session players he dubbed the Abnuceals Emuukha Electric Symphony Orchestra. It is his third album overall. Released on August 7 1967 on Capitol Records it was subsequently reedited and reissued by Verve Records and later reissued independently by Zappa.In its original incarnation Lumpy Gravy served as an album of orchestral music written by Zappa and performed by an orchestra assembled for the album.
 So Many Ways is a 1996 album by R&B female group The Braxtons. It currently remains their only album released.
 In the Jungle Groove is a compilation album by American musician James Brown released in August 1986 by Polydor Records.
 Fame Fortune and Fornication is a cover album by ska punk band Reel Big Fish. It was officially released on January 20 2009. However it was sold at their live shows as early as January 1. The vinyl edition of the album was released on March 24 2009.The album's cover features Suburban Legends' guitarist Brian Klemm in hair metal attire as he appears on the cover of Suburban Legends' 2008 album Let's Be Friends.
 Pogledaj u sutra (Look Into The Future) is the debut album by Cveta Majtanović the winner of the Balkan Idol's first season.It was released in February 2007 by Automatik Records an independent Belgrade label. Pogledaj u sutra contains 11 songs. Each of them have been produced by Belgian and Poland producers at BMG studios. The album is a mix of different genres. There is mainly pop but funk reggae r'n'b & soul can also be found.
 Then Again... is a compilation album of Colin James's greatest hits from 1995 and earlier released in 1995 (see 1995 in music). Three songs were recorded for and first released on this album: I Hope You're Happy Stay and Milk Cow Calf Blues.
 Stranger in This Town is a rock/blues solo album by Richie Sambora the guitarist from the New Jersey band Bon Jovi.As his first solo album Sambora experimented with a more blues-oriented sound. He sings lead vocals and plays guitar on the album backed by his Bon Jovi bandmates Tico Torres on drums and David Bryan on keyboards joined by Tony Levin on bass guitar. Eric Clapton guest stars with a guitar solo on the track Mr.
 Tackhead Tape Time is the debut album of Tackhead released in 1987 through Nettwerk.
 Azzazin is an album by Muslimgauze. The album has slightly different artwork depending on the pressing. The sequel to the album is Azzazin 2.
 Guster on Ice - Live from Portland Maine is a live album that was released by the band Guster in May 2004. It was recorded in December 2003 over two nights of concerts at the State Theatre in Portland Maine.
 Lighting Their Darkest Hour is a soundtrack album from the film The Transformers: The Movie. It was released as an exclusive at the 2001 BotCon convention. It features the complete score from the film by the film's composer Vince DiCola. This album is considered a complete soundtrack score as it includes all the compositions heard in the final film.
 Clear the Stage was the fourth studio album from Christian contemporary musician Jimmy Needham which was released on March 27 2012 by Inpop Records and was produced by Ed Cash and Jimmy Needham. The album has seen commercial charting successes as well as positive critical attention.
 For the song see Cypress Hill III: Temples of BoomStoned Raiders is the sixth studio album by rap group Cypress Hill. It was recorded and released in 2001.
 Black Ark is an album by Atari Teenage Riot member Carl Crack. Initially released on DHR's limited series the album's sound is a mix between noise dub and jungle. The sound quality of the recording is poor. The name Black Ark is a tribute to the Black Ark recording studio which dub artist Lee Perry owned in Jamaica.
 Comin' Alive is Stephanie Nakasian's debut album as leader. It was released in 1989.
 I Set My Friends On Fire EP is the debut self-titled EP released by American experimental band I Set My Friends On Fire on July 14 2008. It includes four demo versions of tracks featured on their debut album You Can't Spell Slaughter Without Laughter.
 Relaxin' With Chet is the title of a recording by Chet Atkins.
 G4 and Friends is the second album released by X Factor group G4. It entered at #6 in the UK charts with first week sales of 97100. The album includes the band singing with guest stars Cliff Richard Lesley Garrett and Robin Gibb.
 Don't Freak Me Out is the first and only album released by English musician Jimmy Stevens in 1972. The album was produced by Maurice Gibb. This album was called Paid My Dues in the United States.
 Faith Divides Us – Death Unites Us is the twelfth studio album by British gothic metal band Paradise Lost released through Century Media in September 2009. The album cover is based upon the Danse Macabre - The Abbot woodcut first published in 1538. The band had no drummer at the time of recording of this album so with help of the Swede Jens Bogren he recommended the band another fellow Swede Peter Damin.
 Bitte Orca is a studio album by American experimental rock band Dirty Projectors released on June 9 2009 on Domino Records. The word bitte is a German word for please and orca is another name for a killer whale. Frontman Dave Longstreth states that he liked the way the words sound together.
 Sala Molksa is a mini-album released by Negură Bunget in 1998 (1998 on cassette and 1999 on CD). At that time they planned to release it as a 7 on Sombre Records from Germany but those plans weren't enacted. In February 2004 it was remastered remixed and re-released as part of the band's 3CD box set.
 Jonathan Richman is a solo album by Jonathan Richman released by the Rounder Records label in 1989 and comprising both original material and cover songs. With the exception of Blue Moon and Sleepwalk the songs were recorded as vocal and guitar solos by Jonathan Richman who provided percussion with his feet. I Eat With Gusto Damn! You Bet is spoken-word.
 Joint Venture is a compilation album released by the Kottonmouth Kings on November 15 2005. It contains new Kottonmouth Kings songs remixes and songs by Kingspade One Session and Daddy X. The album peaked at #193 on the Billboard 200 and #13 on the Top Independent Albums charts during the week of December 3 2005.
 Ladies Man is a live EP by the Canadian rock band April Wine released in 1980.
 My Father Will Guide Me up a Rope to the Sky is the eleventh studio album by Swans released on September 23 2010; it is their first studio recording in 14 years. Swans founder Michael Gira funded the recording of this album by creating the limited-edition album I Am Not Insane and chose several collaborators from previous Swans line-ups as well as his side project Angels of Light to record and tour for this album.
 Can't Buy a Miracle is an album by Randy Stonehill released in 1988 on Myrrh Records.
 Westlake is the first album by British singer and songwriter David Westlake. The record was released in 1987 on Creation Records. Luke Haines describes it as a minor classic.
 Flicker and Flames is the debut EP from The Silents. It was released on 6 March 2006 by Rubber Records through EMI. The EP was produced by Dave Parkin (Red Jezebel) and the single Nightcrawl has received significant airplay across Triple J networks in Australia.
 The Second Brooklyn Bridge is the second album from The Brooklyn Bridge. It was released in 1969 by Buddah Records.
 PCD is the self-titled debut studio album by American girl group The Pussycat Dolls released on September 13 2005 by A&M Records and Interscope Records. Singers Melody Thornton and Nicole Scherzinger were added to the group and after releasing two singles the album was released. The majority of the album was produced by Ron Fair and Tal Herzberg with other producers contributing: Timbaland CeeLo Green will.i.am and Rich Harrison amongst others.
 Beneath the Pavement... is the second album by Hoodlum Priest. solely an EP it was only limited to 1200 copies and is very hard to find. This album is somewhat different from the debut as it has no more rapping on the tracks and has a more trip hop influenced element. The some of the tracks was produced by Raymond Watts of KMFDM fame Howard Gray Of Apollo 440 and even Harley Davidson.
 Late Works is a studio album by John Zorn and Fred Frith. It is the fourth collaborative album by the duo and their first studio album. It was recorded at East Side Sound in New York City on October 16 2009 and was released by Tzadik Records in April 2010.The album consists of improvised music by Zorn and Frith that was recorded in the studio in real time with no edits or overdubs.
 Heaven & Hell is a 1997 album by Joe Jackson a musical interpretation and song cycle representing the seven deadly sins.Billed to Joe Jackson & Friends; the friends included vocalists Dawn Upshaw (Angel (Lust)) Joy Askew (Tuzla (Avarice)) Suzanne Vega (Angel (Lust)) Brad Roberts from the Crash Test Dummies (Passacaglia/A Bud and a Slice (Sloth)) Jane Siberry (The Bridge (Envy)); and violinist Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg (Prelude Fugue 2/Song of Daedalus (Pride)).This album was subsequently performed on tour with Jackson on piano accordion and melodica Valerie Vigoda on violin and vocals and Elise Morris on keyboards glockenspiel and vocals. 
 Hustler's P.O.M.E. (Product of My Environment) is the third studio album by American hip hop recording artist Jim Jones. It was released on November 7 2006 in the United States under Diplomat and Koch.
 City High is the debut and only album by R&B trio City High. It was released on May 22 2001.
 X Clips is a compilation VHS/LD released by X Japan on January 1 1995. In consists of the band's early music videos with some live footage. The video was re-released on DVD on July 5 2000.
 Try is the fifth studio album by Christian Contemporary-Folk-Pop-Rock musician Bebo Norman. The album is the third with Essential Records and his sixth album overall including his first independent release. This album was released on August 24 2004 and the producers are Brown Bannister Matt Bronleewe and Mitch Dane.
 Hymns of the 49th Parallel is the ninth studio album by Canadian singer and songwriter k.d. lang released in 2004. It is an album of songs by lang's favourite Canadian songwriters and includes a cover version of her original composition that initially appeared on the 2000 album Invincible Summer.
 Hoja en Blanco (English: Blank Sheet) is Monchy and Alexandra's first full length album. The album contains the hit single Hoja en Blanco.
 The Wee Hours Revue is the major label debut album by American alternative rock band Roman Candle released in 2006.
 Djin is the fourth studio album by English alternative rock band Queenadreena. The album was originally released exclusively in Japan in October 2008 where it became the band's most commercially successful album to date peaking at #120 on the Oricon Albums Chart. The album was later released in the UK in September 2009.
 Gross Master Jr.: For Ages 12–16 is an album by American comedian comedy writer and radio personality Jackie Martling. The album was released on November 7 2006 in both CD and MP3 formats on the Oglio Records label.
 Greetings From... is the debut EP from A Rocket to the Moon an American rock band. It was released through Fueled by Ramen on October 14 2008. The album peaked at #21 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart.
 Come Darkness Come Light: Twelve Songs of Christmas is a Holiday album released by American music artist Mary Chapin Carpenter. The album was released on September 30 2008 on Zoë Records and was produced by Carpenter and John Jennings.
 More Malice is a compilation album by American recording artist Snoop Dogg. The album is the follow up to Malice n Wonderland all the songs from the album are on the re-release with five new tracks four remixes one song included on Malice N Wonderland and a movie which stars Jamie Foxx Xzibit Denyce Lawton and DJ Quik among others and was simultaneously released with the album on March 23 2010.
 Age of 369 (Miroku no yo) is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The title is a reference to Onisaburo Deguchi the founder of Oomoto. Onisaburo claimed to be the Maitreya (the future Buddha) which is Miroku in Japanese. 369 is Goroawase wordplay for Miroku. The original track titles are taken from Ultraman monsters.The album was compiled with Chant 2 as Age of 369/Chant 2 in 1996 by Extreme Records.
 Victim to Villain is the second full-length album by the Anaheim California rock band New Years Day released on June 11 2013 through Century Media Records their first for the label. This is the first official full-length from New Years Day in six years.This album continues the departure from the pop punk sound of the band's first album into a darker heavier sound that began with the preceding EP The Mechanical Heart.
 Retroactive is the fourth album by Grand Puba. It was released on September 6 2009.
 Good News from the Next World is Simple Minds' tenth studio album released in 1995.The album garnered moderate commercial success. It was not badly received among critics in the United States.
 InfraWarrior is the debut full-length solo album from Monica Richards.
 6.12. (Live in Helsinki in the United States) is Värttinä's 9th album and first live album released on September 3 2001.All songs on 6.12. appear on earlier Värttinä studio albums. 6.12. has less-varied instrumentation than their studio albums (after Oi Dai).After being realized in Finland by BMG Finland 6.12. was released by Resistencia in Spain in 2001. In 2002 it was released in Germany Austria and Switzerland by Westpark in Benelux by Frea and in the United States by NorthSide.
 Hammer is the third album by Afrob released in February 2005 by Four Music. It is produced by many famous producers like Needlz Jaz-O and Waajeed.
 Planta is the fourth studio album by Brazilian indie rock band CSS. It was released on June 11 2013. The album was produced by David Sitek.
 Always Never the Same is the 13th studio album by American rock band Kansas released in 1998.This album consists of mostly covers of the band’s previous work rerecorded with the London Symphony Orchestra. New songs include “In Your Eyes” “The Sky Is Falling” “Need to Know” and the instrumental “Preamble.” “Prelude & Introduction” is a medley of several Kansas songs. The album also includes a cover of The Beatles’ “Eleanor Rigby” Kansas’s first cover to appear on an album since J.J.
 Absolution is the third studio album by the English alternative rock band Muse. It was released on 15 September 2003 in Japan on 22 September 2003 in the United Kingdom on Mushroom Records and A&E Records and on 23 March 2004 in the United States by East West Records and Taste Media. The album followed up on its predecessor's diverse musical tendencies and elaborate sound while also having a more focused and consistent theme and aesthetic throughout.
 Live At The N.E.C. was the second live album by rock band Status Quo which was recorded at the National Exhibition Centre. It had originally been released as part of the 3-LP set From the Makers of... in 1982. In 1984 the recording became available as a separate album.
 Moonlighting: The Anthology is a compilation album released by Roger Daltrey on 7 February 2005. The collection is notable for including tracks from various projects throughout his career such as stage and film appearances as well as a good sampling of songs from his discography. It was released on the Sanctuary label in the UK and also included A Second Out a previously unreleased song written by Daltrey and Steve McEwan of the band UnAmerican.
 Outlaws Like Me is the second studio album by American country music recording artist Justin Moore. It was released on June 21 2011 via The Valory Music Co. The album includes the single If Heaven Wasn't So Far Away which has become Moore's second Number One hit on Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart. Its follow-up single Bait a Hook was released in August 2011 and reached the Top 20 on the country chart. The album's third single Til My Last Day was released in March 2012.
 Steel CUM is an album by the Merzbow side project SCUM. It was later edited and released as a 7 without permission by Vertical Records But a result of EP was fine. So I'm agreed. But EP is still bootleg. [sic] A small number of these were then released by ZSF Produkt with new artwork.The original full-length recording was included in the Merzbox.
 Title of Record is the second album by American industrial rock band Filter. It was released on August 24 1999 via Reprise Records.
 The band Opa recorded this first album during 1976 in the Fantasy Studios in Berkeley California. The album was released on Milestone Records.
 Live in San Juan Capistrano is an album released in 1998 by Justin Hayward of The Moody Blues. The live set featured Gordon Marshall Mickey Féat and Paul Bliss.The CD is edited with some songs omitted though the VHS (1998) / DVD (2002) version of the concert is complete.
 The Somatic Defilement is the first album by the American deathcore band Whitechapel. The album was released on July 31 2007 through Candlelight Records and is their only release through this label before their move to Metal Blade the following year.
 Life Is...Too Short is the second studio album by Too Short. It was released in 1988 on Jive/RCA Records although it appeared as a Dangerous Music/RCA Records release until Jive Records logos appeared on the release on October 25 1989 after it became successful. It is currently his highest-selling album to date being certified double platinum by the RIAA for sales of over 2 million copies.[citation needed]
 New Grass Revival is an album by the progressive bluegrass band New Grass Revival released in 1986. [1]
 The First Dance is the debut studio album by the indie folk band Bridezilla. Receiving very positive reviews the album lived up to its hype in Australia.
 Now You See It… (Now You Don’t) is Michael Brecker's third album as a leader. It was recorded at the Power Station in New York City.
 Anthology 2: Classic Hits 1967–1985 (Recorded Live) is a greatest hits compilation album by Australian singer John Farnham. The album was released in Australia on 29 September 1997 and is the second of a three disc Anthology set.This album peaked at #12 in the ARIA charts.
 Safari Disco Club is the second studio album by the French electropop trio Yelle. It was released in France on 14 March 2011 by Barclay Records.
 Hellbilly Storm is the seventh full-length studio album by the Welsh psychobilly band Demented Are Go.
 Altum is the second studio album recorded by the Finnish Gothic metal band Silentium. The EP album SI.VM E.T A.V.VM was released as Altum's little sister album being this one released before Altum. The album was released in 2001 by the Finnish label Spikefarm.
 Il n'y a plus rien (English: There Is Nothing Anymore) is an album by Léo Ferré released in 1973 by Barclay Records.
 Pilgrimage is the final studio album released in 2007 by the American jazz saxophonist Michael Brecker. In 2005 Brecker was diagnosed with myelogenous leukemia and at the time of the recording he was already gravely ill. He recorded Pilgrimage bearing in mind that it would most likely be his last album; he died in January 2007. The album's personnel consists of Brecker John Patitucci Jack DeJohnette Pat Metheny Herbie Hancock and Brad Mehldau.
 Stahlmania is the fifth studio album by Austrian heavy metal band Stahlhammer released on September 20 2004. The album was signed to record label Goodsongs and was distributed by Sony Germany. Stahlmania featured a cover of the famous Falco song Out of the Dark a remake of the Udo Jürgens classic Merci Cherie alongside their own original songs.
 Life's a Riot with Spy Vs Spy is Billy Bragg's first studio album released in 1983.The original album played at 45 rpm rather than the more usual 33.3 rpm contained only seven songs and lasted for only 15 minutes and 57 seconds.
 DJ-Kicks: Terranova is a DJ mix album mixed by Terranova. It was released on 19 January 1998 on the Studio !K7 independent record label as part of the DJ-Kicks series.
 Nashville Skyline is the ninth studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan released on April 9 1969 by Columbia Records.Building on the rustic style he experimented with on John Wesley Harding Nashville Skyline displayed a complete immersion into country music.
 Live from the Kitchen is the fifth studio album by American rapper Yo Gotti. It was released on January 10 2012 after several delays. It will be released from RCA Records due to his former label J Records being shut down by Sony Music Entertainment along with Arista Records and Jive Records.
 Acoustiques is a live album by French duo Les Rita Mitsouko. Les Consonnes and La Tailles Du Bambou were new songs at the time of release and made their début on the album.
 Therapy is the debut album from English musician Jim Lea best known as songwriter producer bassist and multi-instrumentalist for the rock group Slade.
 Vatten under broarna is an album by Lars Winnerbäck released in 2004.
 Ask Me What I Am is the debut album by actor Burt Reynolds. It was produced by Bobby Goldsboro and released in 1973 on the Mercury/Phonogram label.
 A Gothic–Industrial Tribute to The Smashing Pumpkins is a 2001 tribute album featuring a variety of artists covering songs from the American alternative rock band Smashing Pumpkins.
 Elephunk is the third studio album by American hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas. It was released on June 24 2003 by the will.i.am Music Group and A&M Records. The album charted at number 14 on the American Billboard 200 albums chart and was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America and has gone on to sell more than 9 million copies worldwide with 3.2 million in the United States alone.
 Breathing Under Water is an album by Anoushka Shankar and Karsh Kale released on August 28 2007. This album ranked #83 in sales at BarnesAndNoble.com. Shankar and Kale expand beyond cultural and traditional borders of music with this collaboration. With the help of featured guests Ravi Shankar Sting Norah Jones Midival Punditz Salim Merchant Vishwa Mohan Bhatt and others the duo blended Indian classical music electronica dance and folk styles.
 20th Century Masters – The Millennium Collection: The Best of Kingdom Come is the first compilation album by American hard rock band Kingdom Come.
 New Prophecy was Baby Rasta & Gringo's first solo album released in 1998 with the track count at 23 but only 6 tracks having names.
 Later On is the third release by singer-songwriter Jandek and the second released by Corwood Industries (#0741) in 1981. It was reissued on CD in 2000.As with the prior Six and Six (and most of Ready for the House) this is a stark acoustic and vocals album with roots in Delta blues.
 More of the Great Lorez Alexandria is an album by American jazz vocalist Lorez Alexandria featuring performances recorded in 1964 for the Impulse! label.
 Back in Black is an album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It is the seventh Australian and sixth internationally released studio album by the band.Released on 21 July 1980 Back in Black was the first AC/DC album recorded without former lead singer Bon Scott who died on 19 February at the age of 33 and was dedicated to him.
 Skinny & Proud is the second album by rap group The Skinny Boys. It was released on October 17 1987 for Jive Records distributed by RCA Records and was produced by Mark Bush and Chuck Chillout.
 No. 5 Collaborations Project is an extended play by British singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran. The track was the fifth out of five EP's recorded in a hope to get him signed by a record label. Sheeran wanted each song to act as a musical and tried to avoid lyrics about women. Musically the album combined sensitive production with serious subject matters and haunting themes. The EP features a collection of grime artists such as; Devlin Wiley P Money Ghetts and JME.
 Albert's House is an album by jazz trumpeter Chet Baker recorded in 1969 and released on the Beverley Hills label. The album features 11 compositions by Steve Allen who organised the recording date to assist Baker restart his career.
 Alone I Play is a special limited run DVD/CD combo set by Korn vocalist Jonathan Davis and it was released November 10 2007 on Invisible Arts. The album was recorded and videotaped at Malibu's Woodshed Recorder on November 7 2007 the day before Davis embarked on his first solo tour the Alone I Play tour.
 Lynn Teeter Flower is the second album by Maria Taylor and was released on March 6 2007.This is the 102nd release of Saddle Creek Records.
 Globe of Frogs is an album released by Robyn Hitchcock and The Egyptians on A&M Records in 1988. Made in London it was recorded by the Egyptians (Robyn Hitchcock Andy Metcalfe and Morris Windsor) along with Pat Collier and emerged as the group's debut after signing to major label A&M.The album is densely produced most of the tracks shying away from the group's signature electric guitar sound.
 Ummagumma is a double album by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It was released on 25 October 1969 through Harvest Records.
 Perfect World is the debut studio album by American melodic rock band Perfect World. It was released in 2003 on the Italian record label Frontiers Records.
 Only Want You For Your Body is the third album for Australian proto-metal band Buffalo recorded and originally released in 1974 on the Vertigo label. A far more structured and polished release than the previous album Volcanic Rock Only Want You For Your Body was conversely a much harder and heavier release. Buffalo had abandoned the progressive and psychedelic elements of their style in favour of a more straightforward modernistic approach to heavy metal.
 The Italian is the debut album of Italian baritone Patrizio Buanne. It was released in the United Kingdom on February 28 2005 and in the United States on March 7 2006.The album is composed of romantic Italian tunes influenced by the songs of Italian and Italian-American singers (such as Sergio Bruni and Frank Sinatra) that Buanne heard played as a youth in his father's Italian restaurant.
 Lichtgestalt is a 2005 album by German gothic rock duo Lacrimosa. The album was released on May 2 2005 by Hall of Sermon.
 (2) is the nineteenth studio album by Australian pop singer Olivia Newton-John released on 12 November 2002 in Australia. A duets album the majority of tracks are with Australian artists along with two American performers (Richard Marx and Michael McDonald). The Peter Allen and Johnny O'Keefe duets are built around archive recordings with new vocals added by Newton-John.
 Once Upon a Rhyme is the fourth studio album by American country singer David Allan Coe. It was released in 1975 on Columbia.
 Greatest Hits 1974–78 is a compilation album by the Steve Miller Band released in November 1978. It has sold thirteen million copies in the United States and is ranked 37th on the Recording Industry Association of America list of best selling albums. It also achieved Diamond certification in Canada (1000000 units) in 2003. Two singles that reached No. 1 are The Joker which topped the charts on January 12 1974 and Rock'n Me on November 6 1976.
 Optimo is the third EP by American dance-punk band Liquid Liquid and final release for fourteen years until the 1997 compilation album Liquid Liquid. It was released in 1983 through record label 99.
 Daughters is the self-titled third studio album by American rock band Daughters. It was released on March 9 2010 through Hydra Head Records.
 A Future Without a Past... is the debut studio album from American hip hop group Leaders of the New School released in 1991 on Elektra Records.The album peaked at 128 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Dedicated to... is the debut studio album by German pop singer Sasha released by Warner Music on November 16 1998 in German-speaking Europe.
 Medicine 4 My Pain is the debut album by British R&B singer Lynden David Hall released in 1997 on the Cooltempo label. The album was a critical success and was instrumental in Hall's winning the 'Best Newcomer' award at the 1998 MOBO ceremony. Paying tribute after Hall's death in 2006 disc jockey Ronnie Herel described Medicine 4 My Pain as a landmark album for UK black music.Medicine 4 My Pain peaked at #43 on the UK albums chart and produced three top 50 singles.
 Vivid is the debut album by the American rock band Living Colour. The album was one of the most popular albums of 1988 reaching #6 on the Billboard 200 and certified double platinum by the RIAA.
 Live At Montreux 1982 & 1985 is a live album of American blues musician Stevie Ray Vaughan and his band Double Trouble recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival on July 17 1982 (Disc 1) and July 15 1985 (Disc 2) and released November 20 2001 on Epic Records. Neither are complete concerts.
 2nd Wind is the thirteenth studio album by the American musician Todd Rundgren. It was released in 1991 and reached number one-hundred and eighteen on the Billboard 200 album chart. 2nd Wind includes the single Change Myself and was Rundgren's final studio album on a major label until 2004's Liars.As with its predecessor Nearly Human Rundgren chose to record the album 'live' with a full band as opposed to playing all of the instruments himself.
 The DJ in the Mix is an album by German DJ André Tanneberger better known as ATB. The compilation includes 32 tracks of new and previously released trance from well-known international musicians in the genre such as Paul van Dyk Chicane Armin van Buuren Binary Finary Woody van Eyden 2 Trance and ATB himself.
 Small Town Girl is the debut album of country singer Kellie Pickler which was released on October 31 2006. The album was produced by Blake Chancey and released by BNA Records (a Sony BMG country label) in association with 19 Records. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA on January 18 2007.The album produced three Top 20 singles: The RIAA certified Red High Heels I Wonder and Things That Never Cross a Man's Mind Gold.
 Immer German for Always is an influential mix album made by German electronic music artist Michael Mayer. It was released in 2002 on the Cologne-based Kompakt record label.
 Twelve Tribes is an album by the American musician Richard Souther released in 1990 for the Narada label.
 Longbox Option Package is the name of a 2006 retrospective box set by the surreal prank call artist known only as Longmont Potion Castle. It was released in an extremely limited quantity by the independent label D.U. Records and only occasionally appears for sale on eBay.The set contains seven audio discs and one DVD. Included are Volume 1 Volume 2 Volume 3 Volume 4 Late-Eighties-Vein Volume 5 and Volume 7.
 Akilah! is the third album by soul jazz guitarist Melvin Sparks recorded for the Prestige label in 1972.
 In the Swing of Christmas is Barry Manilow's third Christmas-themed album released in 2007. It was only available at Hallmark Cards stores. You could also go to one of Barry's web sites to download the bonus track It Came Upon The Midnight Clear. In 2009 the album was re-released on Arista Records with two added tracks the first one was Christmas Is Just Around The Corner from the animated movie A Cranberry Christmas and the other one was Rudolph The Red Nosed Reindeer.
 Country is a compilation album by Anne Murray issued in 1974 on Capitol Records. The album peaked at number 6 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and number 32 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart. The album included material from Murray's previous albums This Way Is My Way Honey Wheat and Laughter Talk It Over in the Morning Straight Clean and Simple and Danny's Song
 The Great Lost Kinks Album is a 1973 LP of unreleased material issued by Reprise Records after The Kinks had moved to RCA. The tracks were recorded between 1966 and 1970 and master tapes were shipped to the US Reprise Label in the early 1970s to fulfill contractual obligations with that label. Kinks leader and songwriter Ray Davies intended most of the songs to remain unreleased collateral tracks for Reprise.
 Rexx Erected is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal/glam metal band Diamond Rexx. It was released by Crash Music Inc. on November 6 2001.Diamond Rexx became an alternative metal band in this album.
 The Best Of The Columbia Years: 1943-1952 is a four-disc box set by the American singer Frank Sinatra released on Legacy Records in 1998 catalogue C4K 64681. All but nine tracks were originally released on 78 rpm records and as an overview of Sinatra's recordings on Columbia this set replaces the previous catalogue item The Voice: The Columbia Years (1943-1952) released in 1986 on vinyl and later also on compact disc.
 Compression is the first solo album by bassist Billy Sheehan formerly of Talas David Lee Roth and Mr. Big.
 The Essential Neil Diamond is a two-disc compilation album by Neil Diamond. It was released by Columbia Records in 2001 as part of series of Essential collections which has each devoted to one of the record label's major long-term stars. Others in the series are Bob Dylan Billy Joel and Barbra Streisand.Diamond and his collaborator Al Quaglieri personally chose the 38 tracks that appeared in the collection.
 The Body in the Seine is an original album musical created by songwriter David M. Lippincott and given a limited release in 1954. Because of its rarity many collectors of original cast albums consider it the holy grail of recordings.Although The Body in the Seine (subtitled A Musical Tour de Force Through Paris) sounds like the cast album of a Broadway musical it actually was complete in itself with no accompanying stage show.
 That's So Raven Too! is the second soundtrack album from the hit Disney Channel original series That's So Raven. The soundtrack debuted and peaked at #44 on the Billboard 200 selling 22600 copies in its first week. Since then the soundtrack has sold 200000 copies (as of 2007). The soundtrack includes friendship songs like Friends by Raven-Symoné featuring Anneliese van der Pol.
 Broke & Famous is the debut album released by the reggaeton duo Ñejo & Dalmata. It was released on December 11 2007. It has 21 tracks 4 featuring guest stars like Tego Calderón Voltio Arcangel Los Rabanes LT and Chyno Nyno.
 False Accusations is an album by The Robert Cray Band released 1985. In the same year Cray won the W.C. Handy blues award for best male artist of 1985.
 MTV Party To Go '98 was the eleventh album in the MTV Party To Go series. The album was certified gold on February 23 1998 by the RIAA.
 The Peel Sessions Album is a live album by English rock band Wire. It was released in 1989. It consists of numerous recordings done for John Peel between 1978 and 1979.
 The Honeydrippers: Volume One is an EP released on 24 September 1984 by a band led by rock singer Robert Plant. The project originated when Atlantic Records president Ahmet Ertegün wanted to record an album of his favourite songs from the 1950s. Plant was chosen because Ertegün had seen his pick-up band the Honeydrippers performing 1950s standards.
 Dream Factory was an unreleased double LP project recorded by Prince and The Revolution from 1986.
 Positive Mental Octopus is a music video compilation from the alternative rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers and was released in 1990 by EMI. The compilation was only released on VHS and is now out of print. It was superseded by the What Hits!? VHS and later DVD which contained all the videos from this compilation and many more.The release was given the 18 certificate by the British Board of Film Classification.
 Every Tuesday Sometimes Sunday is the name of the 1999 album by Australian singer/songwriter Bernie Hayes. Three of the tracks from the album were released as singles including Mission in Life Matchbox Cars and Marbles and Your Boyfriend's Back in Town with Mission in Life receiving wide airplay on Triple J.The Whitlams recorded a version of You Made Me Hard on their double platinum album Love This City in 1999. It was released as the third single in 2001.
 Im Blutfeuer is a compilation CD released by Cthulu Records in 1995. Includes Blood Axis Ernte Sol Invictus Allerseelen and Death In June.
 Tour 05 It Withers and Withers (stylised TOUR05 It Withers and Withers) is a live DVD released by Dir En Grey on May 8 2006 featuring a concert recorded at Shinkiba Studio Coast during the tour of the same name. It was reportedly filmed with 33 cameras and is presented in a 4:3 aspect ratio with DTS audio.A limited edition was released as well which comes with two additional discs. Disc two contains another hour-long feature filmed during a show at the same venue a day earlier.
 Burn is the self-titled debut release of the American hardcore band Burn released in 1990 on Revelation Records.
 Wallflower is the second and final studio album by the American grunge band My Sister's Machine. The song Enemy was included on the compilation album Hard Music Volume 1 in 1994.
 To Before is a double CD of Comsat Angels demos and outtakes released by Renascent Records in 2007. The tracks cover the years 1978 to 1993 and were salvaged from old cassette tapes DATs and bootlegs. CD One covers some of the earliest years of the band and includes the entire Red Planet EP the Comsat Angels' first record. CD Two contains demo versions of songs from later albums plus three finished tracks from the album Fire on the Moon.
 TA is the sixth album by Trans Am released in 2002.
 Cabeça Dinossauro ao Vivo 2012 is the sixth live album released by Brazilian rock band Titãs. It consists on a live reproduction of their third album 1986's Cabeça Dinossauro. It was performed live and respecting the original tracks order. The album was released on CD DVD and Blu-ray formats and fans could acquire signed copies at a sign session promoted by the band at Livraria Cultura in São Paulo. The DVD images are all in black & white and some of the footage was taken among the crowd.
 Rock Millenium is the first compilation of the Mexican rock group Cuca this was published only for the United States.
 Trainee Cupid (Chinese: 見習愛神) is the first Mandarin album by Hong Kong Cantopop girl group Twins released in 2005 by Emperor Entertainment Group. Various versions of this album exist including of Hong Kong (3 version) Taiwan (3 version) Singapore/Malaysia (2 version) and China (2 version) versions.
 Jibon Dhara is the third studio album by the Bangladeshi hard rock band Warfazereleased on 5th February 1997.
 Rkives (stylized as rkives) is a compilation album released in 2013 by Los Angeles-based band Rilo Kiley.
 The Bonding is the eighth studio album by the Austrian Symphonic metal band Edenbridge. It was released in July 2013 on the SPV label after both singer Sabine Edelsbacher and the band's mastermind Lanvall Stockhammer had suffered personal losses. Bassist Wolfgang Rothbauer who formerly played for Disbelief and Zombie Inc. had joined Edenbridge for the recording.
 Speaking in Tongues is an album by David Murray released on the Justin Time label. Recorded in 1997 and released in 1999 the album features performances by Murray with Fontella Bass Leopoldo F. Fleming Stanley Franks Clarence 'Pookie' Jenkins Ranzell Merritt Jimane Nelson and Hugh Ragin.
 The Winter Hawk EP is an EP by the indie rock band Elf Power. It is a five-track EP originally released on 7 vinyl later included on the CD release of Vainly Clutching at Phantom Limbs.
 Montreux '75 is a 1975 live recorded album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald accompanied by a trio led by the pianist Tommy Flanagan.This is one of four albums that Ella recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival and it was Ella's first appearance at Montreux to be released on record.
 Bless the People: Harmonized Peyote Songs is a studio album by Verdell Primeaux and Johnny Mike released through Canyon Records in 2001. The album contains twenty original songs grouped into five tracks of four songs each. For the album Primeaux and Mike won the 2002 Grammy Award for Best Native American Music Album and were nominated for Best Duo/Group of the Year and Best Traditional Recording at the 2002 Native American Music Awards.
 Tippin' Point is an extended play by Canadian rock and country artist Dallas Smith. It was released in the United States on March 4 2014 via Big Loud Mountain Records/Republic Nashville under the production of Joey Moi.Tippin' Point was also released in Canada via 604 Records/Universal Music Canada. The Canadian version features a live acoustic version of Jumped Right In in place of Nothing but Summer.
 Welcome to The Welcome Wagon is a folk rock music album by The Welcome Wagon released in 2008. It was produced by Sufjan Stevens.
 The Time of the Assassins is the debut album by The Strokes' bassist Nikolai Fraiture released under the pseudonym Nickel Eye. It was released on Rykodisc on January 27 2009.Two singles were released from the album: Brandy of the Damned backed with album track Back from Exile and Dying Star which was released for Record Store Day 2009 and featured a remix of Brandy of the Damned by English musician/producer Mark Ronson.
 Flight Risk is a street album by American rapper The Jacka released on January 11 2011. It peaked at No. 70 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.Flight Risk includes guest appearances from Yukmouth Styles P Turf Talk & C-Bo amongst other artists.
 Saturday Night! – The Album is rapper Schoolly D's second album.The song It's Crack featuring mostly unintelligible lyrics ends the album with the words It's A Black Hole.In 1998 the album was selected as one of The Source's 100 Best Rap Albums.
 Paullelujah! is MC Paul Barman's first full length album released in 2002. It featured production from artists MF Doom Prince Paul MikeTheMusicGuy and Phofo.
 Burning Japan Live is a live album by former Deep Purple Black Sabbath and Trapeze vocalist/ bassist Glenn Hughes. It was recorded at the Club Chitta' in Kawasaki city Japan on Tuesday the 24th of May and Wednesday the 25th of May 1994 in support of the studio album From Now On....
 Dos Grandes (Two Great Ones) was the fifth album recorded by vallenato singer Diomedes Diaz in 1979 featuring accordion player Colacho Mendoza.
 Lubbock (On Everything) is a 1979 double album by Texas singer songwriter and piano player Terry Allen released on Fate Records. It was reissued on compact disc in 1995 by Sugar Hill Records. It was recorded in 1978 at Caldwell Studios in Lubbock Texas and was engineered and mastered by Don Caldwell and Lloyd Maines who also played pedal steel and other instruments on the record. Amarillo Highway was later covered by Robert Earl Keen and Truckload Of Art by Cracker.
 Days Are Gone is the debut studio album by American rock band Haim. It was released on September 27 2013 by Polydor Records. The album includes the singles Forever Don't Save Me Falling The Wire and If I Could Change Your Mind.
 True Force is the debut EP of American metal band Powerman 5000. The album cover features the Japanese tokusatsu character Kamen Rider Black.
 The Confessor is the seventh studio solo album by Joe Walsh released in 1985. The album was produced by Grammy Award winning producer and sound engineer Keith Olsen as well as Walsh himself The album was released by the labels Warner Bros. Records and Full Moon Records. The album peaked at number 65 on the Billboard 200.
 The Rough Guide to the Music of Cuba is a world music compilation album originally released in 1998. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the album spotlights the music of Cuba with such genres as danzón Cuban jazz & son. Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network produced the album. This was the first of two similarly named albums: the second edition was released in 2009.
 Strange Liberation is the 21st album by jazz trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the Bluebird imprint of RCA Records in 2004. The album features the Dave Douglas Quintet plus guest guitarist Bill Frisell. The album received widespread critical acclaim and did well on the jazz album charts reaching number three on Billboard's and number one on CMJ's.
 Innocent God is the seventh studio album by the progressive metal/rock band Magellan.
 Covergirl is the first album of the German trance group Groove Coverage released in 2002. It features the 2 singles Moonlight Shadow and God is a Girl in both radio edit and ballad form. The Radio Edit of God is a Girl is a hidden track at the end of the album. The album features a few ballads and dance tracks.
 Heart of the Congos is a roots reggae album by The Congos produced by Lee Scratch Perry at his Black Ark studio with a studio band including Boris Gardiner on bass and Ernest Ranglin on guitar. The album was released in 1977. It is noted as being one of Perry's masterpiece productions of the Black Ark era.The album was listed in the 1999 book The Rough Guide: Reggae: 100 Essential CDs.Pitchfork Media ranked the record at #46 on its Top 100 Albums of the 1970s.
 No Rules is the title of the third studio album released by American country music artist Rebecca Lynn Howard. It is her first full studio album in six years as she recorded two unreleased albums in the interim: one in 2003 for MCA Nashville and another in 2005 for Arista Nashville. She also released a non-charting single in 2006 for Show Dog Nashville a label owned by Toby Keith.
 One Fine Day is a compilation album by Welsh mezzo-soprano singer Katherine Jenkins. It was released in the United Kingdom on 30 September 2011 as a Digital download and on 3 October 2011 as a CD. It peaked to number 43 on the Irish Albums Chart.In the Billboard week 21 April 2012 (which was first posted online on 12 April 2012) after Jenkins began to appear on Dancing with the Stars the album entered the U.S.
 Niemen Vol. 1 and Niemen Vol. 2 (also called Marionetki - Puppets) - Czesław Niemen's double album released in two separate issues in 1973. In 1994 released on single CD by Digiton under title Marionetki.
 You Been Played is the second album by Smooth who had previously released her debut album under the name MC Smooth. It was released on August 24 1993 through Jive Records and was produced by Juanita Stokes and her brother Chris Stokes. The album reached No. 77 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 Unconditional Love is the 47th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1991 (see 1991 in music). Somebody's Doin' Me Right was later released posthumously by Keith Whitley from his 1992 album Kentucky Bluebird.
 Kinshasa One Two is an album recorded by Damon Albarn alongside ten producers of the newly established DRC Music (Democratic Republic of the Congo Music) group to benefit Oxfam's work in Congo.
 La Preuve Du Contraire is the second album of Jonatan Cerrada.
 Batman Forever: Original Music from the Motion Picture is the 1995 soundtrack to the motion picture Batman Forever.
 The Treasures Within is the second album by Swedish death/thrash metal band Merciless. It was released in 1992 and re-released in 2003.
 Explode is the fourth full-length studio album by the American streetpunk band The Unseen released on June 3 2003.
 Ushaka is a 1977 album by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo.
 The Original American Decca Recordings (also released as The Complete Decca Recordings) is a 1992 compilation 3-CD set of sessions led by jazz bandleader Count Basie recorded for the Decca label between 1937 and 1939.
 Slander is the fourth studio album by Deathcore band Dr. Acula released on February 15 2011.
 See also Wonderland Amusement Park.
 Music Is the Healing Force of the Universe is a 1969 studio album by Albert Ayler written by Ayler's partner Mary Maria Parks. This was Ayler's last album recorded before his presumed suicide in November 1970. Ayler suffered from depression and the music on this album reflects his tortured mental state.
 Singles Box Set 1986–1995 is a box set by Duran Duran.
 Irradiance is the fifth and final studio album by American progressive metal band Canvas Solaris. It was released in 2010.
 Judee Sill is the eponymous debut album by the American singer-songwriter and musician Judee Sill. Released on September 15 1971 it was the first album on David Geffen's Asylum label. Backing musicians include John Beck and Jim Pons from The Leaves. While the majority of the album was produced by Henry Lewy Graham Nash handled the duties for the single Jesus Was a Cross Maker with his production designed to aim for radio airplay.
 The Rivalry is the tenth album by German band Running Wild. It is the second in a trilogy of a theme of good versus evil which began with Masquerade and concluded with Victory.The album has sold over 200000 copies worldwide.
 Night is a studio album by Holly Cole released in July 2012 on the Tradition & Moderne label in Germany and in November 2012 on Universal Music in Canada. Night is the first studio album from Holly Cole since a 2007 self-titled release. The album features pianist Aaron Davis bassists David Piltch & Greg Cohen drummer Davide DiRenzo lap steel guitarist Greg Leisz guitarist Kevin Breit percussionist Cyro Baptista and Johnny Johnson on horns.
 Early Flight is a 1974 compilation album by the American psychedelic rock band Jefferson Airplane released as Grunt CYL1-0437. It features previously unreleased material from 1966 1967 and 1970.The first three tracks come from the recording sessions for Jefferson Airplane Takes Off and feature vocals by Signe Toly Anderson and Skip Spence on drums. Runnin' 'Round This World had been previously released as a B-side on the It's No Secret single.
 Songs From The Heart is an album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams. Songs included the single Still I Rise dedicated to Rosa Parks and interpolated from a poem by Maya Angelou. This was Adams' final album for the Verity Records label before signing with Elektra Records and gaining mainstream fame with her follow-up album Mountain High... Valley Low.
 The Rocket Summer is the first EP produced by Bryce Avary in 2000. He was 16 when he recorded the album and it was sold on consignment at local record stores.All music lyrics and instruments written arranged and performed by Bryce Avary.Recorded by Deedle Lacour at Deedle's Room Arlington TX in Fall of 1999.[1]The EP was re-released on November 14 2006 under the title The Early Years EP.
 The Slickness is the first solo album by Prince Po one half of the alternative hip hop duo Organized Konfusion. It was released on Lex Records in 2004. It is the first album by Prince Po since Organized Konfusion's album The Equinox (1997). Fellow Lex Records artist Danger Mouse served as an executive producer of the project as well as supplying the music for three of its tracks.
 Collections is a compilation album by hip-hop group Cypress Hill. It was released in 2008 and forms part of Sony Music's budget Collections series. The album consists of singles and album tracks taken from Black Sunday Cypress Hill III: Temples of Boom Cypress Hill IV and Stoned Raiders.
 The Platinum Collection Volume 3: Shout to the Lord 3 is a compilation praise and worship album of Christian Contemporary music by the Hillsong Church.
 Corporate Pollution is the third album by Irish alternative rock band Paradox released on March 15 2011.
 Greatest Hitz Live is a live album released by Joseph Foreman AKA Afroman on June 10 2008.
 Signs of Life is the fifth album by the Penguin Cafe Orchestra. It was recorded at the Penguin Cafe between 1985 and 1987 and released in March 1987. It includes Perpetuum Mobile one of their most famous songs. The album reached number 49 in the UK album charts.
 Teenage Depression is the first studio album released by Pub Rock band Eddie and the Hot Rods. It is mixed by Jonz:A and R Howard Thomson and produced by Ed Hollis and Vic Maile. The album contains three cover songs The Who's The Kids Are Alright Joe Tex's Show Me and Sam Cooke's Shake. In 2000 a reissue was released with 12 additional tracks that contains another cover this time of the track 96 Tears live originally by ? & the Mysterians.
 Una donna per amico (A woman as friend) is an album by Italian singer and songwriter Lucio Battisti. It was released in December 1978 by Numero Uno.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation of Billy Idol's most popular singles released by Capitol Records in 2001. The album includes two previously-unreleased tracks: a live recording of one of his most popular songs Rebel Yell plus a new version of Idol's longtime producer Keith Forsey's Don't You (Forget About Me).
 Coltrane is the debut album by jazz musician John Coltrane released in 1957 on Prestige Records catalogue 7105. The recordings took place at the studio of Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack New Jersey and document Coltrane's first session as a leader. It has been reissued at times under the title of First Trane.
 Twilight Café (The Demo Collection 1981–1985) is an album of demo recordings by Susan Fassbender and Kay Russell best known for their UK Top 30 hit Twilight Café in 1981. The album consists of material recorded in the early 1980s but which remained unreleased until 2012. Five of the songs are Kay Russell solo tracks.
 Pre-Emptive False Rapture is the second full-length album from the British experimental rock band Chrome Hoof. It was released in 2007 on Southern Records.
 Torres (stylised as TORRES) is the self-titled debut studio album by Torres (née Mackenzie Scott) released independently in January 2013. The album was recorded over the course of five days by Nasvhille audio engineer Ryan McFadden in a recording studio in Franklin Tennessee.
 Years in Waste is the second album from Omnium Gatherum. It was their only release on Nuclear Blast Records.
 Legend is an EP by American hip hop group House of Pain. It was released in 1994 shortly before the release of the full-length album Same As It Ever Was. Two songs that appeared on this EP Word is Bond and It Ain't A Crime would appear on Same as it Ever Was. However the song Legend was and it remains exclusive to the EP.
 Full Sunken Breaks is an album by Mike Paradinas released in 2000 under his moniker Kid Spatula.
 Warrior Dubz is a dubstep compilation released in 2006 on the Planet Mu label. The album was compiled by Mary Anne Hobbs.
 The Rhythms and Ballads of Broadway is the twelfth album released by Johnny Mathis. It is the tenth original studio album recorded by the singer (two hit singles compilations Johnny's Greatest Hits and More Johnny's Greatest Hits were among his album releases to this point). Originally released in 1960 as a two LP set it was also released as two single LP's as The Rhythms of Broadway and The Ballads of Broadway respectively.
 Exciter is the fifth studio album by the Canadian speed metal band Exciter released through the Canadian label Maze Music in 1988. The album was re-released in 1995 Magnetic Air Records and again by Megaforce Records in 2005 with the title O.T.T. which stands for Over the Top. This is the first album as a quartet with new frontman Rob Malnati replacing Dan Beehler as lead vocalist of the band.
 In The Trenches is the first full length and first Hellcat release by Static Thought. It was released in 2007.
 If You Leave is the debut album by Daughter released under 4AD on 18 March 2013. In anticipation of the album a music video for the promotional single Still was released on 24 January 2013. It was directed by Iain Forsyth and Jane Pollard.
 Bitterness the Star is the first studio album and debut major label album by the Alaskan metalcore band 36 Crazyfists. It was released on April 2 2002 through Roadrunner Records and was produced by Eddie Wohl. Slit Wrist Theory was released as a single and is often censored to Wrist Theory on music channels. This is the only 36 Crazyfists album to bear a Parental Advisory sticker.
 Heart-Shaped Scar is a studio album released in 2001 by L.P..
 American Idol Season 11 Highlights is a compilation extended play by Hollie Cavanagh based on some of her American Idol performances. The EP was released exclusively through Walmart and consists of a few studio recordings made by Cavanagh during season 11 of American Idol. It includes a duet with DeAndre Brackensick and performances that were well-received by the judges on the show.
 Ideas Above Our Station is the first studio album by the English alternative rock band Hundred Reasons released on May 20 2002 on Columbia Records. The album reached #6 in the UK album chart and is the band's most commercially successful album to date.[citation needed]In 2012 the band got together after a three-year break to celebrate the album's ten-year anniversary.[citation needed]
 Drifting and Dreaming with Jo Stafford is a 1996 compilation album of songs recorded by American singer Jo Stafford. It was released on July 9 1996 on the Jazz Classics label. This album was taken from AFRS radio transcripts. Originally known as The Carnation Contented Hour and co-hosted by Stafford and Dick Haymes on CBS Radio the show was renamed as The Melody Hour and its commercial content edited out for re-broadcast to the Armed Forces.
 Three Sisters is Alice Donut's seventh studio album release in 2004. It was recorded at Hizhaus Brooklyn New York.
 Ridiculous is an album by the British New Wave group Squeeze. It is the band's eleventh studio album and it introduces new drummer Kevin Wilkinson (no relation to bassist Keith Wilkinson). As on the previous album Some Fantastic Place the band recorded one song penned by Keith Wilkinson. This time however Keith was not permitted to perform the lead vocals. That song Got to Me is the last Wilkinson would write with Squeeze.
 'Neath the Puke Tree is the fifth EP by Bill Callahan (also known as Smog) released on Drag City in 2000. It was recorded by Brent Puncheon and Leah Baker and includes remakes of previous work (I Was a Stranger from Red Apple Falls and A Jar of Sand from Sewn to the Sky) as well as three new songs. Charlie Gansa played guitar on this record Sloth and Jim White played drums. White later returned to play drums on A River Ain't Too Much to Love.
 The Touch is the seventh studio album from country music band Alabama. It was released in 1986.
 Sticky & Sweet Tour is the third live album by American singer-songwriter Madonna. It was released on March 26 2010 by Warner Bros. Records. The album was released on DVD Blu-ray and CD formats. The tour was filmed at the River Plate Stadium in Buenos Aires Argentina during the 2008 leg of Madonna's Sticky & Sweet Tour. The album contains the performances from the tour and thirteen songs in CD format accompanied by photography of Guy Oseary.
 One More Goodnight Kiss is an album by folk singer/guitarist Greg Brown released in 1988. This release contains one of Brown's more well-known songs Canned Goods a song dedicated to his grandmother.
 Brothers in Arms was Joan Baez's 1991 compilation finishing her three albums with Capitol. The album is a thematic one on the subject of political protest named after and leading with a song about American Marines in the Vietnam War followed with another song on the Vietnam Warand songs about the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 war in El Salvador and Martin Luther King Jr.
 Burst is an EP released by Swedish progressive metal band Burst. The EP was self-released by Burst and recorded at Studio Zalt in March 1995 in Kristinehamn Sweden.
 Lycurgus is the title of a recording by American folk and blues guitarist Peter Lang released in 1975. It was nominated for a Grammy award in the Folk music category. Lycurgus was a Top National Add-on and Breakout in Billboard Magazine. It was reissued in 2003 on the Horus label with additional tracks.
 Us is the fourth studio album by American hip hop artist Brother Ali. It was released on September 22 2009 on Rhymesayers Entertainment. The album is produced entirely by Ant of Atmosphere. It debuted on 56 at Billboard 200 with 8000 copies sold. Upon release Us received widespread critical acclaim garnering a score of 83 out of 100 on review aggregator website Metacritic.
 Wow... The Story is a double album by Baby Cham released on October 24 2000 (see 2000 in music) and referred to by the Miami New Times as the most anticipated album in years from any reggae artist.. The album serves as an introduction to Baby Cham one of Jamaica's dancehall artists. The first disc has previously released titles while disc two has new material. Disc one includes The Mass and Funny Man as well as the popular hits such as Ghetto Pledge and Can I get A.
 No Compromise is the second album release by contemporary Christian music pianist and singer Keith Green released in 1978.The album's title derives from Make My Life a Prayer to You which begins: Make my life a prayer to You / I wanna do what You want me to / No empty words and no white lies / no token prayers no compromise. (The title was used for the official Keith Green biography written by his wife Melody Green which was included in Rich Text Format (RTF) and Portable Document Format (PDF) formats on The Ministry Years Volume Two (1980-1982) (CD release) which has the Enhanced CD label.)No Compromise features cover art that refers to the Book of Esther in the Bible specifically the part where Mordecai refused to bow to Haman.
 Disembodied is Buckethead's second album under the name Death Cube K (an anagram for Buckethead). It was released on July 22 1997 by ION records and was produced by Bill Laswell.
 I Dreamed a Dream is the debut album from Scottish singer Susan Boyle. It was released on 23 November 2009 by Syco Music in the United Kingdom and by Columbia Records in the United States one day later. In the standard edition 11 out of the 12 songs that appear on the album are cover songs plus the original composition Who I Was Born to Be. It quickly became the world's biggest selling album of 2009.
 The Third Mind Movements is an album released by British industrial group Throbbing Gristle in April 2009 from recordings made at the 2007 Desertshore Installation at the Institute of Contemporary Art on 1 to 3 June 2007. All of the original line-up were present. It was for sale only at the 2009 USA tour venues and was later sold through the band's website.
 Dead Serious is the debut studio album of American hip hop duo Das EFX released April 7 1992 on East West Records and distributed through Atlantic Records. Recording sessions for the album took place at Firehouse Studios in Brooklyn New York and at Charlie Marotta's North Shore Soundworks studio in Long Island New York.The album was a certified hit peaking at 16 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart topping the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart for five weeks and reaching platinum sales by 1993.
 Aftenland is an album by Norwegian jazz composer and saxophonist Jan Garbarek and organist Kjell Johnsen recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label in 1980.
 The Ale Is Dear is a 1996 studio album by the Celtic band Clandestine.
 Live At The Brattle Theatre/Griffith Sunset EP is a live EP released by Evan Dando in 2002 and recorded at the Brattle Theatre. It was well received by critics.
 What Rhymes With Cars And Girls is the first solo album by You Am I frontman Tim Rogers and the only release featuring the backing band The Twin Set (though members of the group would form Rogers's second solo backing band The Temperance Union). 'You've Been So Good To Me So Far' and 'I Left My Heart All Over The Place' were released as a double-sided radio single.
 Street Corner Talking is the seventh studio album by the band Savoy Brown. Released by Parrot in 1971 it was the first album released by the band since the departure of Lonesome Dave Peverett Roger Earl and Tone Stevens who all went on to form the band Foghat. This left Kim Simmonds as the only original member left in the group. Simmonds recruited a fresh lineup of musicians which in turn ushered in a new sound for the band.
 Grand Materia is the eighth album for Swedish heavy metal band Morgana Lefay.
 The Moog Cookbook was the first album by electronica duo The Moog Cookbook released in 1996. It is a selection of covers of alternative rock tracks performed using Moog synthesizers and other analog synthesizers.
 Copacabana: The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack Album is an album released by RCA Records in 1985 to accompany the made-for-television musical Copacabana. It was Barry Manilow's first soundtrack that contained songs with music by him.
 Extraordinary Machine is the third album by American singer-songwriter Fiona Apple released by Epic Records in the United States on October 4 2005. Produced by Jon Brion it was expected to be released in 2003 but was delayed several times by the record label without explanation leading to speculation that a dispute had arisen over its commercial appeal.
 The Monkees is the first album by the band the Monkees. It was released in October 1966 by Colgems Records in the United States and RCA Records in the rest of the world. It was the first of four consecutive U.S. number one albums for the group taking the top spot on the Billboard 200 for 13 weeks after which it was displaced by the band's second album. It also topped the UK charts in 1967.
 Duet is an album by trumpeter Lester Bowie and bassist Nobuyoshi Ino recorded in Japan in 1985 and released on the Paddle Wheel label. It features seven duet performances by Bowie and Ino.
 Broods is an extended play (EP) by New Zealand music duo Broods. It was released as their debut album in 2014.
 Get In is the second and final studio album by the British band Kenickie. It was released in 1998 and reached number thirty-two on the UK Albums Chart. Get In includes the singles I Would Fix You and Stay in the Sun.The album was produced by Adrian Bushby and band-member Peter Gofton except I Would Fix You which was produced by Adrian Bushby and Peter Gofton with Andy Carpenter.
 Ania Teliczan is the self-titled debut studio album from Polish singer-songwriter Ania Teliczan. It was released on 16 January 2012 and consists of 10 songs in style of 60's in English and Polish some of which written by Andrzej Piaseczny and Teliczan herself. The album was recorded in the United Kingdom with producer Troy Miller who previously worked with Amy Winehouse.
 Field Day is the first studio album from Anthony Phillips in 5 years in between various series releases of the Archive Collection library & TV projects and compilations. It is also the sequel to Private Parts & Pieces V: Twelve in which the acoustic guitar is the sole instrument on the album.
 Pieces of You is the debut album by singer/songwriter Jewel released in 1995 (see 1995 in music) for Atlantic Recordings. Though it made little impact initially Who Will Save Your Soul eventually received airplay and the album peaked at #4 on Billboard 200 almost exactly 2 years after its release. The album was certified 12× Platinum for shipments of 12 million copies in the U.S. making it one of the best selling debut albums of all time.
 Idealno tvoja (English: Ideally Yours) is the first studio album by Bosnian singer Seka Aleksić. It was released in 2002.The biggest hit off the album was Da sam muško (If I Were a Man.)
 Playing By Ear was Preston Reed's second release on Flying Fish Records. It subsequently went out-of-print and was re-released as a compilation with Pointing Up and re-titled Preston Reed.
 Read Silence is a digital-only EP compilation of three song remixes from TV on the Radio's third studio album Dear Science. It was released on April 14 2009. The Glitch Mob remix of Red Dress was used in the 2009 trailer for 9.
 The Miracle of Shame is an EP by the Berkeley California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience released in 2000 by Lookout! Records. It is the band's only release to include bassist Gabe Meline as an official member though he had previously recorded with the band in a studio capacity on the 1999 album Alcatraz. Meline replaced bassist Joel Reader who left the group after the recording of Alcatraz.
 Grow Up is the third self-produced solo album by Svoy. It was released in Japan on June 22 2011 on Thistime Records. U.S./International release followed on June 28 2011 on Sixteenth Republic Records. In July 2011 it was announced that the album's opening track Never Grow Up was picked up for power rotation by Japan's FM Ishikawa 80.5 MHz with the song debuting at #95 on the station's HOT 100 Chart and subsequently peaking at #63.
 Hot Potatoes: The Best of Devo is a compilation of songs by American new wave band Devo released in 1993. It was released in the United Kingdom by Virgin Records as a British equivalent to the American compilation Greatest Hits. Virgin omitted Smart Patrol/Mr. DNA and Here to Go (Go Mix) from the American running order and added the singles Mongoloid Be Stiff Secret Agent Man and The Day My Baby Gave Me a Surprize as well as an exclusive remix of Whip It.
 Stand Still Look Pretty is the debut and only studio album by the duo The Wreckers a country pop duo consisting of Michelle Branch and Jessica Harp. It was released in the United States on May 23 2006 (see 2006 in music) and has been released in other countries.The album debuted at number fourteen on the U.S. Billboard 200 with 44000 copies sold in its first week. In September 2006 the RIAA certified Stand Still Look Pretty Gold for shipments to retailers of 500000 copies.
 Beware is a studio album by singer-songwriter Will Oldham released on March 17 2009 on Drag City. The album is Oldham's seventh under the name Bonnie Prince Billy.Beware was recorded in October 2008 at Engine Studios in Chicago IL. It was engineered by Neil Strauch and Will's backing band included Josh Abrams of Town & Country Jennifer Hutt Emmett Kelly of the Cairo Gang band and Michael Zerang of Peter Brötzmann's and Ken Vandermark's jazz-combos.
 All in the Name of Love is a bluegrass album by American musician John Hartford released in December 1977 (see 1977 in music).
 Alone at Last With Tony Bennett is the second album by American jazz singer Tony Bennett. It was released in 1955 as a 10 vinyl on Columbia (CL 2507) as part of House Party Series. The orchestral players and technical staff are mentioned on the original packaging.
 Time-Line was a 1983 album by progressive rock band Renaissance and the last album released by Renaissance before they disbanded in 1987.With this album Renaissance moved farther away from their signature sound and toward 1980s pop than even on their previous album Camera Camera.
 B-Side Babies is a compilation album showcasing old b-sides from Adam and the Ants and Adam Ant's solo work.
 Go Europe! is the fourth album of Japanese band Electric Eel Shock and was released in 2004 in Europe. This album was renamed and released also as Go USA!.Track numbers in the following production information refers to the Bitzcore release of Go Europe!. Tracks 1 8 9 11 12 13 14 15 and 16 were recorded at Sound Studio Face Tokyo Japan by Electric Eel Shock. Tracks 2 3 4 5 6 7 and 10 were recorded at 2 kHz London England by Sean Doherty.
 808 is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Wilber Pan's (Chinese: 潘瑋柏) eighth studio album. It was released by Universal Music Taiwan on 14 January 2011.
 Fall is the title of American country music singer Clay Walker's ninth album. It was released April 17 2007 on Asylum-Curb Records. The album's first single was 'Fore She Was Mama which reached #21 on the Hot Country Songs charts in mid-2007. Following this song was the title track which reached #5 on the same chart and became Walker's first Top Five country hit since The Chain of Love in 2000. Fall was also covered by Kimberley Locke whose own version was a single as well.
 Toby Love is the self-titled debut studio album by Toby Love released in 2006. It was awarded a Latin Billboard Award for R&B/Hip-Album Album of the Year.
 Gravest Hits is the debut 12 EP by the American garage punk band The Cramps compiling both sides of their first two 1978 Vengeance singles Surfin' Bird and Human Fly and adding a fifth track a cover of Lonesome Town. It was released in July 1979 on Illegal Records and I.R.S. Records. The tracks were all produced by Alex Chilton and recorded at Ardent Studios in Memphis in 1977. It featured liner notes by Dr. J.H.
 Lo-Tech Man Hi-Tech World is second album by Hungarian band Neo. It contains more pop/rock influences than their debut Eklektogram.
 Rarities 1994–1999 is a collection of rarities and B-sides from rock group Silverchair. It was originally a limited edition bonus disc packaged with the compilation The Best of Volume 1 but became a separate budget-priced release when the two-disc version was discontinued in 2002. The 2002 version featured new Neon Ballroom-themed artwork. As with the best of CD the band was not involved in compiling the tracks having left Sony in early 2000.
 Parade into Centuries is the debut album by the Greek metal band Nightfall. It was released in 1992 on Holy Records.
 All Your Faded Things is an album released by Anna Oxygen on July 22 2003 under the Cold Crush Records label.
 We Ate the Machine is the eighth full-length studio album from Japanese new-wave act Polysics. The album was released in April 2008 in Japan and in September 2008 in the U.S.The album includes the singles Pretty Good and Rocket.
 Straight No Chaser is the second studio album by British pop musician Mr Hudson a follow-up to the last album released under the name Mr Hudson & The Library entitled A Tale of Two Cities. Straight No Chaser was released in the UK on 19 October 2009. It was released in the United States on 29 June 2010.
 Pistols at Dawn is the second album by Aqueduct. The five-song EP was released October 12 2004 on Barsuk Records.
 Jump for Joy is a 1959 album by Peggy Lee arranged and conducted by Nelson Riddle. The title track was originally written for a progressive 1941 revue featuring the Ellington band which tried to break down racial stereotypes. The rest of the selections are popular standards of the period.
 Rise was Japanese J-pop band Speed's second album following their first album Starting Over. The album was released on 29 April 1998 and contains the singles Wake Me Up! My Graduation and their all time biggest hit White Love. The album successfully topped the Oricon sales charts eventually selling 2.09 million copies making it the best selling original studio album by female group in Japan.
 Children of the Future is the debut album by American rock band Steve Miller Band released in 1968 by Capitol Records. The album was produced by notable British record producer/engineer Glyn Johns who would go on to produce another American band The Eagles.
 To My Wonderful One is an album by American singer Tony Bennett. It was originally recorded in 1959 and released in 1960 on Columbia as CL 1429.
 Tool Muziq is the eleventh studio album by rapper Pastor Troy released on July 3 2007.
 Willie and the Wheel is an album from American country music artists Willie Nelson and Asleep at the Wheel. This album was released on February 3 2009 on the Bismeaux Records label and was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Americana Album.
 Why (Baby V.O.X) was the fourth album of the popular Korean girl group Baby V.O.X. Its singles was Why Betrayal and Consent. This was considered as their best release throughout their career. Their single Why did well in the Korean Music Charts.This album sold about 200000 copies.
 Filles de Kilimanjaro (French for Girls/Daughters of Kilimanjaro) is a studio album by American jazz recording artist Miles Davis. It was recorded in June and September 1968. The album was first released in the United Kingdom by Columbia (CBS) in 1968 and subsequently in the United States in 1969. The album is a transitional work for Davis who was shifting stylistically from acoustic recordings with his second great quintet to his subsequent electric period.
 Turn And Face Me is the third studio album by Los Angeles band The Blood Arm released worldwide on July 4 2011 almost five years after their previous album Lie Lover Lie. Recorded in Burbank California it was produced by David Newton from the popular late ‘80s band The Mighty Lemon Drops also notable for his production work with The Little Ones and The Movies.
 Somos (We Are) is the debut studio album by Christopher Von Uckermann. It was released on November 16 2010.Somos is an innovative album where each of the pieces are fused conceptual and futuristic electronica are fed with fresh lyrics undoubtedly mark the history of experimental pop as defined by the young Mexican.The album promoted Somos World Tour 2011 in August 2011.
 Singles 1987–1992 is a compilation album by the Japanese girl band Princess Princess released in 1992.
 The Memphis Tour is a live DVD/CD by Australian singer Guy Sebastian released on 3 May 2008 through Sony BMG. The DVD features a live recording of one of Sebastian's concerts from his national tour of the same name. Sebastian's backing band during the tour included Steve Cropper Donald 'Duck' Dunn and Steve Potts members of American soul band the MGs who recorded The Memphis Album with Sebastian in 2007. The DVD also includes a 20 minute documentary detailing the making of The Memphis Album.
 Highways & Heartaches is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Ricky Skaggs. It was released in 1982 via Epic Records. The album peaked at number 1 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Winter in Venice is a studion album by Swedish jazz band Esbjörn Svensson Trio (E.S.T.) released in 1997. It was awarded the Swedish Grammy in 1998 for Best Jazz Album.
 Monk Suite: Kronos Quartet Plays Music of Thelonious Monk is a studio album by the Kronos Quartet. The album contains compositions by Thelonious Monk played by the quartet with Ron Carter (bass improvisation). It was re-released in 2005 as CD on Savoy and re-issued with Music of Bill Evans on 2CD as 32 Jazz: The Complete Landmark Sessions.
 Skag Heaven is the second record by the American punk rock band Squirrel Bait released in 1987 through Homestead Records. Squirrel Bait disbanded after the album's release and the band's members went on to form Slint Bastro and a number of other influential indie and post-rock bands.
 The Early Years was the ninth Helix album and their second compilation album issued in 1991. It reissued all the tracks from the band's first two independent albums Breaking Loose (1979) and White Lace & Black Leather (1981) with new cover art. This was the first ever Compact Disc release of these two albums.
 Tougher Than Love is the debut album by singer-songwriter Diana King. The album peaked at #179 on The Billboard 200 #85 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and #1 on the Top Reggae Albums chart. It features the four hit singles Shy Guy Love Triangle Ain't Nobody (a cover of the Rufus & Chaka Khan classic from 1983) and Treat Her Like a Lady. The latter song was covered by Celine Dion on her album Let's Talk About Love with King as a featured artist on Dion's track.
 Music of Bill Evans is a studio album by the Kronos Quartet containing compositions written by or associated with Bill Evans. With Jim Hall (guitar) and Eddie Gomez (bass). Leonard Feather gave the album five stars; Stephen Holden for the New York Times named it Jazz Album of the Week. Reissued with Monk Suite: Kronos Quartet Plays Music of Thelonious Monk on 2CD as 32 Jazz: The Complete Landmark Sessions.
 W 63 minuty dookoła świata (Polish: Around the world in 63 minutes) is the second studio album by Polish hip-hop group Kaliber 44 released on March 2 1998 on S.P. Records. On November 25 1998 the album went gold according to ZPAV. In Poland the album got the Fryderyk award for the best hip-hop album of the year.
 Thesis is an album by American jazz pianist Matthew Shipp featuring a duo with guitarist Joe Morris which was recorded in 1997 and released on the Swiss hatOLOGY label. Shipp played previously with the Joe Morris Ensemble on the album Elsewhere but Thesis represents their first collaboration with Shipp as a leader.
 Where the Light Is: John Mayer Live in Los Angeles commonly referred to as Where the Light Is is a live album and concert film by American blues-rock musician John Mayer. Released on July 1 2008 the album documents Mayer's performance at the Nokia Theatre at L.A.
 Sessions at West 54th: Recorded Live in New York is a live music DVD by Keb' Mo' recorded in June 1997 which was then released in 2000. The performance was recorded for the television series Sessions at West 54th a studio located in West 54th Street in New York City. The songs recorded on the album are all from Keb' Mo's two prior studio albums. Unlike the majority of Keb' Mo's albums this contains no songs by Robert Johnson.
 The Next Voice You Hear: The Best of Jackson Browne is a greatest hits album by the singer-songwriter Jackson Browne released in 1997.
 First Sensibility is the first studio album by the South Korean male pop group B.A.P. It was released on February 3 2014 under the label of TS Entertainment. It features the single 1004 (Angel).
 One Love by Tata Young is a Thai studio album released in March 2008. The first single from the album One Love was released on February 14 2008. The second single Cause of Sadness was later released. One Love is Tata Young's first studio album since her 2006 success Temperature Rising and her first all Thai album in several years.
 Receiving Transmission is the second and final album released by Australian punk rock band One Dollar Short in 2004.
 Miho: Journey to the Mountain is an album by Paul Winter Consort released in 2010 through the record label Living Music. The album was commissioned by the Miho Museum in Kyoto Japan to be a musical celebration of the museum. The museum is a unique piece of architecture built on the top of a mountain and partially tunneling into it giving the experience of the museum being part of the Earth. The album was recorded in the corridors of the museum which are naturally reverberant.
 KTL IV is the fourth album released by the band KTL.
 The Cellar Door Sessions 1970 is a boxed live album released in 2005. It was recorded over several nights in 1970 at the Washington D. C.-based nightclub The Cellar Door.Significant portions of Davis' Live-Evil were edited and compiled from the music that appears on discs 5 and 6.Live-Evil and this collection are the only official recordings of John McLaughlin's live performances with Miles Davis.
 There Is A Moth In Your Chest is the first album by the American rock band Mason Proper. This version is the final mix of the album released on March 13 2007 in the USA and April 24 2007 in Canada. The album was the band's first nationwide album release and first release for the New York based Dovecote Records.Produced and recorded by Mason Proper the album was mixed by John O'Mahoney and Jon Petrov. It was mastered by Andy Vondette at Masterdisk.
 Coathanger Antennae is an album by Diesel released in 2006. The album reached a peak of #23 on the ARIA Album Charts on July 3 2006.Crazytown was the first single released from the album.
 Usher Live Evolution 8701 is a live album by Usher. It was released on November 12 2002 by LaFace Records and includes all of Usher's top hits up to that time in his career.
 Gilberto with Turrentine is an album by Brazilian samba and bossa nova singer Astrud Gilberto and American saxophonist Stanley Turrentine featuring performances recorded in 1971 released on the CTI label.
 Aurora dos Sonhos is the third studio album by the Brazilian progressive rock group Apocalypse. One year after Perto do Amanhecer Apocalypse released Aurora dos Sonhos through Musea Records. The album dealt with different issues like conservation of nature science fiction and spirituality.
 Sebastian From The Little Mermaid (credited as Disney's Sebastian)is the first of three original albums inspired by Disney's The Little Mermaid film. Many of the songs are cover versions of classic calypso or reggae songs. All of the songs are performed by Samuel E. Wright as Sebastian the crab with the exception of Dancing Mood and Dance the Day Away which are performed by Jodi Benson as Ariel who also joins Sebastian on Day-O.
 MoRT (an acronym for Metamorphosis of Realistic Theories; Mort is also the French word for death) is an avant-garde metal album by French black metal band Blut Aus Nord released in 2006.
 Ode to Sentience is the third studio album by Emily Jane White. It was released on November 8 2010 by Talitres Records in France on October 23 2011 by JABUP Records in Japan and on June 12 2012 by Antenna Farm Records in United States.
 Released in 1982 The Beatles Mono Collection is a boxed set of all Beatles' albums which were originally issued on mono LPs in the UK (Please Please Me to Yellow Submarine). EMI reportedly pressed a total of 10000 copies of each reissue mono LP for sale individually.
 I'm Alive and On Fire is a 2001 album by Canadian rock band Danko Jones. It collects tracks the band recorded from 1996 to 1999 including several that appeared on the EPs Danko Jones and My Love is Bold.
 The Rise and Fall of the Third Stream is an album by Austrian jazz keyboardist and composer Joe Zawinul released in 1968. The title refers to the Third stream genre of music melding classical and jazz.
 Egoleech is the third studio album by German goregrind band Cock and Ball Torture. This album shows a shift in the group's style from its trademark pornogrind sound to groove-laden death metal.
 Battle Sluts is the second album by American heavy metal band Destroy Destroy Destroy.
 Back To The Start is the third solo release from Peter Baldrachi. Eleven of the twelve tracks appearing on Back To The Start were released on 2011’s Tomorrow Never Knows in September 2011. However the record was pulled a few months after its initial release to be remixed the by Ed Stasium (Ramones Mick Jagger The Smithereens Reverend Horton Heat Nada Surf) in early 2012.
 Petit-Petit is the second full-length studio album by the Japanese idol group Idoling!!!. It reached number 17 on Oricon weekly chart.
 Sweet Soul Music is the second album of New Zealand RnB artist Aaradhna released in 2008 on Valentine's Day.
 Let's Get Lost is a 2001 jazz album by Grammy winning trumpeter Terence Blanchard with four very well known female vocalists to help him Diana Krall Jane Monheit Dianne Reeves and Cassandra Wilson.
 Old Friends is an album by The Expos which was re-released on January 24 2007 on Stomp.The Album was originally released by The Donuts The Expos under a different name. It has been remastered with all of the problems the band had with the record fixed.
 This That and The Other is the first compilation album by the actor Viggo Mortensen released in 2004. The album compiles songs from five of his albums: One Less Thing to Worry About from 1997 One Man's Meat from 1999 The Other Parade from 1999 Pandemoniumfromamerica of 2003 and Please Tomorrow of 2004.
 April in Paris is a 1957 jazz album by Count Basie. Released on the Verve label it was recorded in 1955 and 1956. The album is one of the first to include an arrangement by Neal Hefti who would go on to write many of the Basie band's most acclaimed songs including many on the Atomic Basie album.
 Chup! (Urdu: چپ‎ literal English translation: Hush!) was the debut album by the Pakistani pop band Zeb and Haniya released in July 2008. The only single from this album is Aitebar.
 Easy Listening for Iron Youth: The Best of Non is a 1991 compilation album of Boyd Rice's NON recordings. It is a best of collection from 1975–1991.It was released by Mute Records (UK) on CD and an ultra-limited LP (without tracks 14–16).
 Live in Finland is a live album and DVD recorded by the Finnish power metal band Sonata Arctica. Live in Finland was recorded at Club Teatria in Oulu Finland on April 15 2011 during the The Days Of Grays World Tour and was released on November 11 2011. Along with the CD there is a DVD in stereo and Surround 5.1 sound which also includes Finnish commentary track by the band making-of videos two documentaries photos and music videos. The DVD's cover was created by Xabier Loebl.
 Wait for Me: The Best from Rebecca St. James is the first compilation album by Christian pop and rock artist Rebecca St. James.
 Pizzicato Five in the Mix is a 2001 Pizzicato Five album.
 Tough 'Duff is the second album by organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1960 and released on the Prestige label.
 Distancia (In English: Distance) is the fifth studio album by the Mexican [jazz]] singer Magos Herrera released on May 5 2009. Tim Ries produced the album along with Herrera.
 La Carretera is a studio album by Julio Iglesias. It was released in 1995. It was nominated for Pop Album of the Year at the Lo Nuestro Awards of 1996.
 Self-titled/Homebrew or as it is often simply known as George was the first CD release from Brisbane band George. The band was formed in 1996 for a Music contest and as it had finally broken down from a larger-pieced band to a five-piece band their debut EP was created in 1998. The band then included siblings Katie and Ty Noonan Geoff Green Geoff Hooton and Nick Stewart. The EP included four songs Katie and Tyrone writing two each.
 7th Symphony is the seventh studio album by the Finnish cello metal band Apocalyptica. It was released on August 20 2010 in Germany Switzerland and Austria August 23 2010 in the rest of the world and August 24 2010 in the U.S. and Canada. Released three years after their previous album Worlds Collide Apocalyptica has stayed with the tradition of having 4 tracks with featured vocalists the remaining tracks are all instrumental.
 Live from Madison Square Garden is a live album by O.A.R. released on June 5 2007. The album was recorded at Madison Square Garden in New York City on January 27 2007. The concert was also released at the same time as a full length DVD and on Blu-ray Disc on November 25 2008. Included with the DVD and Blu-ray packages is a feature film titled Behind the Backlines.
 Heal Me is the seventh studio album by New Zealand dub band Salmonella Dub. It was released in 2007.A limited edition bonus disc was also released with four remixes: Gifts (Shiva dub) Lightning (Seens from space version) Watching it Rain (Frogga blues soaking it in mix) and Seeds (South of Critinden).
 Original Gold is a compilation album by Spandau Ballet. It was released in 2000 by Disky.
 Boys & Girls is an EP by Melbourne rock music group 67 Special released in 2005 (see 2005 in music). Boys & Girls is the group's second release after their debut EP Hey There Bomb (2004).
 Mike & The Mechanics is the fifth studio album by Mike + The Mechanics released in 1999. As the name is easily confused with the 1985 album Mike + The Mechanics it is also referred to as M6 (i.e. the sixth album by the group including the Hits compilation).
 Le Mot de passe (Eng: The Password) is an album recorded by the French singer Patricia Kaas. It was her fifth successful studio album and was released in 1999. It was well charted in many countries including France and Belgium.
 Change the World: An Introduction to Dokken is a compilation album by heavy metal band Dokken released by Sanctuary UK.
 Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album by American country music band Shenandoah. It was released in 1992 on Columbia Records. The album includes four singles from each of their 1989 album The Road Not Taken and their 1990 album Extra Mile as well as the new tracks Any Ole Stretch of Blacktop and (It's Hard to Live Up to) The Rock.
 This Conversation Is Ending Starting Right Now is the third full length album by indie rock / emo band Knapsack. It was released in 1998 on Alias Records.
 The Very Best of Frankie Valli & The Four Seasons is a 2002 music album by Frankie Valli & the Four Seasons released by Rhino Records. In June 2012 due to the success of Jersey Boys in Auckland New Zealand the album went number one in New Zealand and Platinum.
 Ascendence is the second album by Australian heavy metal band Lord. It was released in early September 2007 by Melbourne label Modern Invasion and in Japan by Soundholic.
 Icky Mettle is the first studio album recorded by the indie rock band Archers of Loaf. It was produced and engineered by Caleb Southern at Kraptone Studios in Chapel Hill North Carolina and released by Alias Records on November 23 1993.The album was recorded and mixed in seven days. According to Eric Bachmann We spent like $5000 to make it.The album spent 22 weeks on the CMJ charts. Interview declared it the Best Indie Rock Album of the Year.
 The Original is the debut album of rapper Sarai. Released in 2003 via Sweat/Epic Records. The first single released to radio was Pack Ya Bags in 2002. The official single Ladies was released in 2003. The album entered the Billboard 200 chart at No. 187.
 Yesterdays Universe is an album released on Stones Throw Records. The album produced entirely by Madlib marks the end of the group Yesterdays New Quintet as Madlib's jazz project and the beginning of Yesterdays Universe.
 Masterpieces is a compilation album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan released on March 12 1978 by Columbia Records. The three-LP set was released in Japan Australia and New Zealand in anticipation of his 1978 tour. Primarily a greatest hits collection spanning Dylan's career up that point the album features one previously unreleased track a unique (1962) outtake version of Mixed-Up Confusion.
 Chapter Two is English heavy metal band Viking Skull's second studio album. It was the first Viking Skull album to feature new band members Jules Cooper and Jess Margera.It was recorded in Ardmore USA at MilkBoy Recording The track Blackened Sunrise is featured on Bam Margera's compilation CD Viva la Bands Volume 2. A video was also made for Blackened Sunrise.
 Turn Off the Radio Vol. 4: Revolutionary but Gangsta Grillz is a 2010 mixtape by political hip-hop duo Dead Prez. It was released on June 22 2010. It celebrates the 10th year anniversary of Let's Get Free is the fourth of the Turn Off the Radio mixtape series and the first as a Gangsta Grillz which are released by DJ Drama.
 Musique Automatique is Stereo Total's fifth album.
 The Price You Got to Pay to Be Free is a live album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley recorded in Los Angeles California in 1970 featuring performances by Adderley with Nat Adderley Joe Zawinul Walter Booker and Roy McCurdy with guest appearances by Nat Adderley Jr. and Bob West.
 The Complete U2 is a digital box set by U2 released on 23 November 2004 by Apple Computer on the iTunes Store. It is the first major release of a purely digital online set by any artist. It contained the complete set of U2 albums singles live rare and previously unreleased material from 1978 to 2004 with a total of 446 songs.
 Call It Watcha Like is the third studio album by freestyle singer Johnny O released on September 5 1995 by record label ex-It Records.From that album came out four singles the first single Runaway Love the song that made it big on the charts and the second song released by Johnny O to enter the Billboard Hot 100 (the other was Dreamboy/Dreamgirl partnered with Cynthia) at position 87. None of the subsequent singles achieved success.The album failed to get into any music chart.
 Have 'Twangy' Guitar Will Travel is the debut album by guitarist Duane Eddy. It was released in 1958.
 Born to Die is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Lana Del Rey released on January 27 2012 by Interscope Records Polydor Records and Stranger Records. After signing a record contract with Stranger in June 2011 Del Rey enlisted a variety of producers to work on the album including Evan Reilly Patrik Berger Jeff Bhasker Chris Braide Emile Haynie Justin Parker Rick Nowels Robopop Tim Larcombe and Al Shux.
 I Am Terrified is a self-titled extended-play album by the American Christian-metal band I Am Terrified released on July 18 2008 and then re-released on July 29 2008.
 6/16/00 – Katowice Poland is a two-disc live album and the sixteenth in a series of 72 live bootlegs released by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam from the band's 2000 Binaural Tour. It was released along with the other official bootlegs from the European leg of the tour on September 26 2000.
 Adolescents (often called The Blue Album) is the eponymous debut album by the Orange County punk rock band the Adolescents. The album boasts an all-star cast featuring three past Social Distortion members (Rikk Agnew Frank Agnew and Casey Royer); former Agent Orange bassist Steve Soto; and a previously unknown singer named Tony Cadena.
 A Harry Warren Showcase is an album by pianist Kenny Drew recorded in 1957 and released on the Riverside Records subsidiary Judson label. The album was rereleased on CD by Milestone Records as a compilation with its companion album A Harold Arlen Showcase as Kenny Drew Plays the Music of Harry Warren and Harold Arlen in 1995.
 Railroad is an album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey released in 1983. It was originally released as Railroad 1 by mistake. The Shanachie Records reissue is correctly labeled as Railroad. It was his last principal recording for Takoma Records the label he founded in 1959.
 Music for Pleasure is the second studio album by English punk rock band the Damned. It was released on 18 November 1977 through record label Stiff.
 Chocolate Milk is the second album by vocal duo Charles and Eddie.
 Here Where There Is Love Dionne Warwick's sixth studio album for Scepter Records was released in 1966. The LP was catalog number 555 on the label. The album was recorded at Bell Sound Studios in New York City and was produced in full by Burt Bacharach and Hal David.
 Pissing On Bonfires / Kissing With Tongues is the debut studio album by Scottish indie folk band Meursault released in 2008 to a generally positive reception from the music press and online community critics. The band initially self-released the album in 2008 before a second run was released on the Edinburgh-based independent label Song By Toad Records in 2009.
 5/3/03 – State College Pennsylvania is a three-disc live album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam. It was released to retail stores on July 15 2003.
 Discordia is the second studio album by American deathgrind band Misery Index.
 The Height of Callousness is the second album by the American industrial metal band Spineshank. It was released on October 10 2000 by Roadrunner Records. The title is taken from a phrase in A Clockwork Orange.
 Lustra was the third album from English alternative rock band Echobelly. The album was delayed due to label difficulties line-up changes and the health problems of singer Sonya Madan. The album only reached number 47 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Hany Kauam is the debut solo album from singer-songwriter Hany Kauam. The album was released in 2007 after being recorded between 2006 and 2007 by Cenit Records. The song Es tu amor was the theme song to the telenovela Mi Prima Ciela.
 Soul Mover is a studio album by former Deep Purple Black Sabbath and Trapeze vocalist/ bassist Glenn Hughes. It was his tenth solo studio album and was released in 2005 on Frontier Sanctuary EMI and Yamaha records.
 Get Fired is the debut album by the Chicago-based pop punk band the Smoking Popes released in 1993 by Johann's Face Records. It was recorded in 1993 at Sonic Iguana Studios in Lafayette Indiana with recording engineer Mass Giorgini.
 Storms Over London Town is a live album released in 2006 by rock band Mostly Autumn. It was recorded on the Storms Over Still Water album launch at the London Astoria in 2005. This album features Thunder guitarist Ben Matthews Iona multi-instrumentallist Troy Donockley and Rachel Jones (now Cohen) ex-lead vocalist of Karnataka and current lead vocalist of The Reasoning.
 Ziana Zain No. 1s Live is the second live album by Malaysian singer Ziana Zain released in 2003. This album is the first album produced by Ziana's new label EMI. It includes two new songs which were recorded in studio. The album also features Ziana's first attempt of composing her own song Bukan which received positive feedback and garnered notable awards.
 Stripping Cane is the second solo album from American singer/songwriter Jeffrey Foucault released in 2004.
 Storyboards is the third full-length album by alternative rock band Sleeping at Last. It was released independently in 2009.
 Still the Orchestra Plays - Greatest Hits Volume 1 & 2 is a greatest hits compilation album by the American heavy metal group Savatage released in 2010. The title for the compilation was taken from the lyrics in the title track to the band's 1989 release Gutter Ballet. It was the first release of any kind by the band in almost nine years. The final three tracks on the second disc were brand new acoustic recordings made by Jon Oliva in 2009 featuring him on lead vocals.
 Common Dreads is the second studio album by Enter Shikari released on June 15 2009 and June 16 in the US. Recording of the album began in September 2008 and ended in late February 2009. The album was produced and mixed by Andy Gray at Arreton Manor. Guitar production was carried out by Dan Weller of WellerHill and the defunct band SikTh.
 <S> Marks the Spot is the fifth studio album released by the Filipino alternative rock band Sandwich in 2008. The album marks the 10th year anniversary of the band. It contains the singles Procrastinator Betamax and Selos. The album was launched on February 12 2008 at the UP Sunken Garden where Sandwich performed their first gig in 1998.The second disc of the album also features 9 of their past songs remixed and remade.
 Love Strings and Jobim is a 1966 album by various Brazilian artists who play new Brazilian songs by various composers. Because Antonio Carlos Jobim is pictured on the cover and mentioned in the title he has been and continues to be credited to be the performing artist on the album. Jobim does not appear on the album except as a composer. The original Brazilian title of this album is Tom Jobim Apresenta and it appeared on the Elenco label.
 You're Idle is the debut release from Brooklyn punk band Cerebral Ballzy. It was released early 2010 in United States through Article. It was released on 7 vinyl as a four track EP as a limited edition of 500 copies. The outer sleeve is handmade using skateboard grip tape and spray stenciled with the logo and title in gold.Three tracks from this EP have been re-recorded for their self-titled album.
 Live! (More or Less) is an album released in 1976 under Richard Thompson's name but mostly consisting of work actually recorded with his then wife as Richard and Linda Thompson.This was a U.S. only release. The first disc of the two-disc set is in fact the 1974 release I Want to See the Bright Lights Tonight by Richard and Linda Thompson.
 It's About Time is the second studio album by American singer Christina Milian. The album was released by Island Records on June 15 2004 in Japan and July 13 2004 in the United States.
 Kite (traditional Chinese: 風箏; simplified Chinese: 风筝; pinyin: fēng zhēng) is Singaporean Mandopop artist Stefanie Sun's (Chinese: 孫燕姿) third Mandarin studio album. It was released on 9 July 2001 by Warner Music Taiwan.
 Jukeboxer In The Food Chain is an album released in 2004 by Jukeboxer. The songs were constructed digitally using music editing programs. It was recorded at Noah Wall's home in Brooklyn.
 Fellini Só Vive 2 Vezes (Portuguese for Fellini Only Lives 2 Times) is the second studio album by Brazilian post-punk band Fellini.
 Black Magic Night: Live at the Royal Festival Hall is a live double album by British Afro-pop band Osibisa recorded at the Royal Festival Hall on 19 July 1977 with live versions of songs from their previous albums. Released in 1977 by Bronze Records (BRON 506) and reissued as 2-CD set in 1993 on CD format by Castle Communications (CBC 8046).
 Manifest Destiny is the second album by The Dictators and their first after switching to the Asylum label. Trouser Press praised the album as another helping of brilliant Shernoff originals. [1]
 Oh What a Life is the debut studio album by American indie rock band American Authors. The album was released by Island Def Jam label Mercury Records on March 3 2014. The album is a follow-up to the band's eponymous 2013 extended play American Authors.
 Les Sessions Lost Souls is a live album and DVD released by James Blunt in 2008 as a follow-up to his 2007 album All the Lost Souls. The set contains a live album containing recordings from Blunt live in Belgium Sydney and England as well as a DVD featuring recorded performances at the Max Sessions in Sydney Paris and Ibiza music videos for 1973 Same Mistake Carry You Home and I Really Want You and the previously unreleased documentary Return To Kosovo.
 The Courts of Chaos is an album released by American epic heavy metal band Manilla Road in 1990. This is the last album before the band split up. They reunited in 2001.
 J'arrive (English: I'm coming) is Jacques Brel's tenth studio album. Originally released in 1968 by Barclay (80373) the album was reissued on 23 September 2003 under the title Grand Jacques as part of the 16-CD box set Boîte à Bonbons by Barclay (980 816-3).
 Dick's Picks Volume 4 is the fourth live album in the Dick's Picks series of releases by the Grateful Dead. It was recorded on February 13 and February 14 1970 at the Fillmore East in New York City and released in February 1996. It was the first of the Dick's Picks CDs to have three discs. It was also the first Dead album to include the song Mason's Children.Dick's Picks Volume 4 was the second album of live material from the 2/13/70 and 2/14/70 concerts.
 Red Velvet Car is the fourteenth studio album by US hard rock band Heart released worldwide on August 31 2010 by Legacy Recordings. It peaked at #10 on the US Billboard 200 and at #3 on the US Rock Albums chart making it their first top 10 hit album in 20 years since 1990's Brigade.
 Harmony is Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot's 20th and most recent studio album. Recorded in 2001 and released in 2004 it reached #35 on the Independent albums chart.
 Yours – Forever More is the debut album of the Scottish progressive rock group Forever More. Recorded in 1969 it was released as a vinyl album in 1970. It was produced by Simon Napier-Bell and Ray Singer.Many of the album's songs can be heard in the film Permissive in which the band appear as actors.
 Montreux One is a live album by jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1975 and released on the Arista Freedom label. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states Shepp who was nearing the end of his free jazz period (soon he would be exploring hymns and traditional melodies) puts a lot of emotion into Lush Life and sounds fine on originals by Burrell and Greenlee in addition to his own U-jamsa. [sic] A worthy effort.
 Malediction is a 1993 EP released by Einstürzende Neubauten.
 You Know Who You Are is the first solo album by Nick Gilder released in 1977 on Chrysalis Records. The track Roxy Roller was originally recorded by Gilder's band Sweeney Todd in 1975.
 Straight out of Cypress is a compilation album by Big Eye released under on May 29 2001. The album is a 3-CD box set with each album from V & Legacy Mellow Man Ace and SX-10.
 Can't Buy Your Way is album by the progressive bluegrass band Northern Lights.
 Return to Olympus is the only album by the alternative rock band Malfunkshun. It was released after the band had broken up and after lead singer Andrew Wood (later of Mother Love Bone) had died of a drug overdose in 1990. Stone Gossard of Pearl Jam had compiled the songs and released the album on his label Loosegroove Records.The band covered Ted Nugent's song Wang Dang Sweet Poontang.
 I Finally Found Someone is the title of a studio album released by country music artists Lorrie Morgan and Sammy Kershaw who were then married to each other. It was released in 2001 by RCA Records Nashville and it is largely composed of duets between the two artists. Six of the songs are duets while the other six are solo efforts (three from each artist). The only chart single from this album was He Drinks Tequila one of the duets which peaked at #39 on the Billboard country charts.
 Burial is the first album by the Norwegian Christian metal band Extol. It was released on Endtime Productions and then Solid State Records the following year. According to Allmusic Burial was a breath of fresh air among a genre that relies on satanic gimmicks and marked a renewal in the Christian metal scene. In 2010 HM magazine ranked it #13 on the Top 100 Christian metal albums of all time list.
 Total Metal is the compilation album by heavy metal band Atomkraft. It contains songs from albums published by Neat Records as well as some previously unreleased material. It was released in 2004.
 A Picture of Me (Without You) is an album by American country music singer George Jones. It was released in 1972 on the Epic Records label. The album's title track was the only single release from it peaking at #5 on the Billboard country singles charts. Lorrie Morgan covered this song on her 1991 album Something in Red and had a #8 country hit with it that same year.
 Abu Nidal is an album by Muslimgauze titled after Abu Nidal. This album was dedicated to the PLO. Although the album was only pressed to 12 vinyl all songs on side B were later included on the CD compilation Coup D'Etat/Abu Nidal. The album was described by Allmusic as both a fine piece of music and a masterful piece of political agitprop.
 Lost Highway is the soundtrack album for the 1997 David Lynch film of the same name. It was produced by Trent Reznor (Nine Inch Nails) and includes original music from the film recorded by Reznor Angelo Badalamenti and Barry Adamson as well as songs by other artists used in the film. The album reached No. 7 on the Billboard 200 and reached Gold status in the United States.
 Wreckorder is the debut solo album from Travis frontman Fran Healy. The album was released on 4 October 2010 on Healy's private label WreckordLabel. The album was recorded in late 2009 in Berlin and New York before being completed in Vermont in early 2010. It was produced by Emery Dobyns with contributions from Paul McCartney Neko Case and Noah and the Whale's Tom Hobden. The album is available in standard and deluxe editions and debuted at #76 on the UK Albums Chart.
 The Rolling Stones is the debut album by The Rolling Stones released by Decca Records in the UK on 16 April 1964. The American edition of the LP with a slightly different track list came out on London Records on 30 May 1964 with the added title England's Newest Hit Makers.
 Buck Fever was the second full length album released by Estradasphere. Notable assistance on the album comes from Trey Spruance of Mr. Bungle and Secret Chiefs 3 fame.
 Child's Dance is an album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers recorded in 1972 and released on the Prestige label.
 After Hours: Unplugged & Rewired is the first acoustic album from Arizona rock band Digital Summer. Being an unplugged rendition of their three studio albums the album which includes two new tracks (This City and Demons) was released on October 8 2013.
 Christian the Christian is the seventh album of Lackthereof the solo project of Danny Seim a founding member of Menomena.
 Consolation is the fourth studio album by the Japanese girl group Kalafina.
 Casiopea Live is the third live album by Casiopea released in 1985. This is also Casiopea's 14th album overall.
 Connie Smith Sings Her Hits is a compilation album by American country artist Connie Smith. The album was released in 1997 on Sony Special Products. The album was a collection Connie Smith's major hits at Columbia Records (1973–1976).
 On the Rock is the 20th studio album by Argentine singer-songwriter Andrés Calamaro released on June 1 2010.
 Saw IV: Original Motion Picture Score is the film score for Saw IV.The Score has 63 total including Mixes and Alternates of certain tracks.Unlike the previous scores this was not licensed to any recording company and therefore was not commercially distributed.
 Lover's Guitar is the title of a recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins released in 1969.
 Last Flight is an authorized recording released in the United Kingdom taken from the last live performance of the San Francisco rock group Jefferson Airplane prior to the band's dissolution in 1972. The concert was held at the Winterland Arena in San Francisco and selected tracks were released on the 1973 album Thirty Seconds Over Winterland.
 Evolution is a retrospective compilation album by British rock band Magnum released by SPV on November 11 2011 in Germany and November 14 in the UK and the rest of Europe. The album marks the ten-year anniversary of the band since their reformation in 2001 as well as the band's ten-year anniversary with SPV GmbH.The album will featured material culled from the band's last five releases by SPV in re-recorded remixed and remastered form including two new songs.
 The Wiggles is the debut album by the group of the same name. As a student music project at Macquarie University the band assembled a group of songs reworked from The Cockroaches as well as arrangements of children's music. It was the only album that involved Phillip Wilcher as one of the group's members. The album sold 100000 copies and received Australian Record Industry Association (ARIA) and Australasian Performing Right Association (APRA) awards.
 Jaio.Musika.Hil is the fifth studio album by Basque alternative rock band Berri Txarrak and the first one as a power trio without the guitar player Aitor Ojea as a member of the band. It was released on 2005.
 Braveheart is the soundtrack album to the 1995 film Braveheart.The soundtrack for Braveheart was composed and conducted by James Horner and performed by the London Symphony Orchestra. It is Horner's second of three collaborations with Mel Gibson as director. The soundtrack comprising 77 minutes of film score was noticeably successful; album co-producer Simon Rhodes produced a follow-up soundtrack in 1997 titled More Music from Braveheart.
 The Recovered EP is a digital EP released by Propagandhi on April 6 2010. It comprises three previously unreleased tracks from the How To Clean Everything and Less Talk More Rock sessions remixed by lead singer and guitarist Chris Hannah. The EP was released to benefit Partners in Health to whom all profits are donated. [1]
 Dreaming In America is a live album by punk/alt-country band Lucero. It was released in 2005. The album contains several songs not available on the band's other releases including a cover of Kiss the Bottle by Jawbreaker.
 BTNHResurrection is the fourth studio album by rap group Bone Thugs-N-Harmony. The album was released on February 29 2000 on Ruthless Records. It reached platinum status within a month but sales declined afterwards. The album's sales was later being surpassed by Kanye West's Yeezus (which was released in June 2013) along with other Platinum-certified albums.
 Anthology is Oingo Boingo's third compilation album. This two-disc career retrospective is the first Oingo Boingo release to contain material from the band's work with I.R.S. Records A&M Records MCA Records and Giant Records.
 13 Hedgehogs (MxBx Singles 1994–1999) is the first compilation album by Melt-Banana. It features their first 13 singles EPs and split records on one CD.Since Melt-Banana's very first release was a 7 EP called Hedgehog they refer to all their minor releases (singles EPs and splits) as hedgehogs. This contains the first 13 and so far they have released 23 hedgehogs.
 Atlantic is the debut album by Italian post-hardcore band Dufresne. It was released October 13 2006.
 Forever Becoming is the fifth studio album by the American rock band Pelican. The album was released on October 15 2013 through Southern Lord Records.
 Eventually All At Once is the tenth full-length album by Joan of Arc released in 2006 on Record Label Records. It was recorded at the home of Donna Kinsella in Buffalo Grove IL.
 The Net is an album by the Little River Band released on 1 January 1983 and marks what has become historically the major crossroad in the band's musical direction.
 Massari is the self-titled debut album by Lebanese/Canadian R&B artist Massari released on May 31 2005 under the label CP Records. It was co-written and co-produced by both rapper Belly and Massari and other producers included on the album are Da Heala and Lynx. The album features the hit tracks Smile for Me (featuring Loon) Be Easy  Real Love and Rush the Floor (featuring Belly).
 Love Can't Wait is Lil Suzy's debut studio album. It was released on November 18 1991 by High Power Records distribute by Warlock Records and marks her following freestyle career with Take Me in Your Arms that was product by Tony Garcia President of High Power Records the most successful single reaching No. 67 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and Falling in Love.
 The Ego Has Landed is a compilation album by English pop singer Robbie Williams. After the success of Williams around the world (especially in Europe) Williams was signed to Capitol Records in the United States which is a part of EMI the album was released in May 1999 in the United States and Canada and later issued worldwide. It is not classed as one of his own solo albums as it was a compilation of his first two albums.
 Doc and the Boys is the title of a recording by Doc Watson released in 1976.Doc and the Boys is out-of-print and was re-issued in 2003 by Southern Music packaged with Live and Pickin'.
 Victims of Deception is the second album by the US thrash metal band Heathen released in 1991 by Roadrunner Records.It was re-issued by Metal Mind Productions in 2006 as a digipak in a limited amount of 2000 numbered copies.This album is considerably more technical and progressive than its predecessor. It features many tempo changes complex song structures odd time signatures longer song lengths and more frequent guitar solos.
 20 Y.O. is the ninth studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson released by Virgin Records America on September 20 2006 in Japan September 22 internationally and September 26 in Canada and the United States. The album debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 with 297000 copies sold in its first week making it Jackson's eighth consecutive top three debut and second consecutive number two album debut. It is also Jackson's eighth consecutive platinum album.
 Goodtimes is the November 2002 recording from Australian three-piece band The Beautiful Girls.This CD is currently unavailable.
 Space Camp is the debut album by Californian pop punk band Audio Karate. It was released in 2002 on Kung Fu Records.
 Continuation is the debut solo album by Philip Bailey released in 1983 on the Columbia Records label. The album peaked at number 19 on the Black Albums chart.
 Caress of Steel is the third studio album by Canadian rock band Rush released in 1975. The album shows more of Rush's adherence to hard progressive rock as opposed to the blues-based hard rock style of the band's first album.
 Mirror Music by Wordsworth is an underground hip-hop album released by Halftooth Records in 2004. It is Wordsworth's highly anticipated debut after his album Punch N' Words with Punchline and many songs with Masta Ace Black Star and others. It features production from Da Beatminerz Ayatollah Oddisee and DJ Static as well as many unknown producers like Frequency.
 Jack Elliot Sings is an album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott released in Great Britain in 1958. Elliott's name is misspelled on the cover.
 Alive in Poland is the fifth release and second live album by English heavy metal band Blaze Bayley released in 2007. It features mostly the band's original material though they also play some Iron Maiden and Wolfsbane covers as lead singer Blaze Bayley used to be in both bands.
 Last Alaska Moon is an album by Livingston Taylor released by Coconut Bay a division of Chesky Records in 2010. The album was very well received.
 Billy is the fifth album of noise rock band feedtime released in 1996 through Amphetamine Reptile Records. It was the band's first album after they went on hiatus in 1989.Tom Hazelmyer founder and owner of Amphetamine Reptile named Billy one of his favourite releases.
 America Live is the first official live album by American folk rock duo America released by Warner Bros. Records in October 1977. The album was recorded in July 1977 at the Greek Theater in Los Angeles California. It was the first to feature America as a duo as Dan Peek had left the group for a solo career two months prior to the recording of this album.
 Man You Love to Hate – Live is a live album by the alternative rock band My Bloody Valentine released in 1985 on Schuldige Scheitel Productions. The album was recorded on 9 March 1985 at Sputnik-Kino in West Berlin Germany as part of the Amigo Records Die Kwahl music festival and later mixed at Sulo-Studios.
 Songs of Leonard Cohen is the 1967 debut album of Canadian musician Leonard Cohen. It foreshadowed the future path of his career with less success in the United States than in Europe reaching #83 on the Billboard chart and achieving gold status only in 1989 while it reached #13 in UK and spent nearly a year and a half in the UK album charts.
 So It Goes / Goodbye For Now is a 1983 album by Perry Como his 28th and penultimate such release for RCA Victor.
 Chudovy svit (Ukrainian: Чудовий світ Wonderful World) is the sixth studio album by Vopli Vidopliassova and the first in seven years since Buly denky. The album was released on 18 October 2013.Before the album's release the songs Lado Chio Chio San and Vidpustka were released as singles.
 Daisies of the Galaxy is the third studio album by American band Eels. It was released on February 28 2000 in the United Kingdom and March 14 2000 in the United States through record label DreamWorks.
 Courage is an album by Brazilian singer-songwriter and guitarist Milton Nascimento featuring performances recorded in 1968 and released on the CTI label.
 Fuego is an album by American trumpeter Donald Byrd recorded in 1959 and released on the Blue Note label in 1960 as BLP 4026 featuring Byrd with Jackie McLean Duke Pearson Doug Watkins and Lex Humphries.
 The First Generation – Second Edition is a compilation album by British band Sigue Sigue Sputnik released in 1997 (see 1997 in music).
 Club Anthems Vol. 3 is a dance compilation album from Ultra Records released as part of the label's Club Anthems series. It was released on March 7 2006 and mixed by The Riddler.
 ...that great October sound is the first album released by the Norwegian singer/songwriter Thomas Dybdahl.
 Clash Battle Guilt Pride released on September 13 2011 through Bridge 9 Records is the third full-length studio album and second official release on Bridge 9 Records from the upstate New York-based post-hardcore/punk rock band Polar Bear Club. It is the follow-up to their critically acclaimed LP Chasing Hamburg.
 Help is the title of the April 28 2009 release by San Francisco-based rock band Thee Oh Sees.
 Turneja: Bilo jednom u Hrvatskoj Maksimir is a concert video of the Croatian band Thompson's June 17 2007 performance in Zagreb's Maksimir Stadium in front of a crowd of 70000 and more.
 The Green Bird score is composed and orchestrated by Elliot Goldenthal for the 1999 musical of the same name directed by long-time Goldenthal collaborator Julie Taymor; it is an allegorical fairy tale of a royal family's rite of passage after being separated by a wicked grandmother.The score itself is typical of Goldenthal's style; atonal sometimes disonant and a balance between theatre drama and invention. It was along with the musical itself well received by critics.
 Rock Pony is an EP by Boston-based rock group The Lights Out. Self-released in 2010 it contains four previously unreleased fixtures of the band’s live repertoire and was recorded at the BU Center for Digital Imaging Arts in Waltham MA by Graeme Hall Serge Espitia and Ryan Meyer. The album’s cover featuring a centaur woman wielding a Gibson Les Paul caused a stir.
 Mudvayne is the fifth studio album by metal band Mudvayne. It was released on December 21 2009. The material from the album was recorded simultaneously with the material that appeared on The New Game. Beautiful And Strange a single from the band was made available for streaming on the band's website and MySpace page on October 7 2009. There was no tour to support the album which had little promotion; sales were also weak.
 Horehound is the debut studio album by American rock band The Dead Weather. It was released on July 10 in Australia July 13 in Europe and July 14 2009 in North America. The album was recorded at Third Man Studios during a three week session in January 2009. The first single from the album Hang You from the Heavens was released through iTunes on March 11 2009 and on vinyl on April 18 2009. Treat Me Like Your Mother was released as the second single from the album on May 25 2009.
 Amarte a la Antigua is an album by Mexican recording artist Pedro Fernández released by Fonovisa Records on October 20 2009. The album received a Latin Grammy Award nomination for Best Ranchero Album.
 Redemption is the second solo album by Boston Massachusetts rapper Benzino released January 14 2003 on Elektra Records.
 Low Stars is the debut album from Los Angeles band Low Stars. Signed by Hear Music and released through StarbucksLow Stars revisit the days when virtuoso vocals and melodies ruled pop and three- and four-part harmonies piled up like layer cake. The album features single Calling All Friends which was the theme song for ABC television series What About Brian.
 Tear Down These Walls is the seventh album recorded by Billy Ocean. The album features the hit singles Get Outta My Dreams Get into My Car and The Colour of Love.
 Another Late Night: Tommy Guerrero is a DJ mix album mixed by musician and former professional skateboarder Tommy Guerrero. It was released as part of the Late Night Tales / Another Late Night DJ series.
 Breakfast at Fatboys is the debut album by Australian hip hop group Butterfingers released on 3 May 2004 on the group's own Valley Trash label and distributed by MGM.The album reached #61 on the ARIA album charts #15 on the ARIA Australian Release charts and #2 on the AIR (Australian Independent Record Labels Association) Charts where it remained in the top twenty of the AIR charts for over a year following its release.
 A-Town Secret Weapon is the album by Atlanta-based rapper Baby D released April 29 2008. The first single from the album is I'm bout Money which features Blaze. A video of the song has been released on March 20 2008. The album features collaborations with Pastor Troy Sean P of Youngbloodz Gucci Mane Shawty Lo and Blaze.Surprisingly the track Yuuugh! which was meant to be the first single off the album didn't make it to the final tracklist.
 Puzzle People is a 1969 album recorded by The Temptations for the Gordy (Motown) label. Produced entirely by Norman Whitfield Puzzle People takes the next step along the path that Cloud Nine started and takes the Temptations further away from a classic soul sound and more towards the realm of psychedelic soul.
 Live at the Wiltern LG DVD is the second video album by American rock band The All-American Rejects recorded at the Wiltern Theatre in Los Angeles California on December 2 2005 and released April 20 2006.Released as a promotion by American Eagle Outfitters the video album was offered as a free gift to customers if they spent $75 or more in store.
 Come Walk With Me is an album by the American vocalist pianist and songwriter Oleta Adams and was released in 1997.
 Special Edition is a bonus album by German industrial music artist P·A·L. It was released in Europe by Ant-Zen records as a 3 CD; a bonus in special versions of Release.
 Dans ma paranoïa is the debut album of Marseille-based French hip-hop artist Jul. It was released on the independent label Liga One Industry / Musicast on 24 February 2014. The 17-track album contains four collaborations with other artists on the label two with Kalif Hardcore and one each with Soso Maness and Kamikaze.
 Tomar Jonna (Bengali: তোমার জন্য) is the debut studio album by Muhin released on the Sangeeta record label in Bangladesh in 2008.
 Rage and Fury is a reggae album released by Steel Pulse in August 1997. It is Steel Pulse's tenth studio album.The album peaked at #4 on the 1997 Billboard Top Reggae Album charts and was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album in 1998.
 I Flathead: The Songs of Kash Buk and the Klowns is a concept album by Ry Cooder. It is the third in his California trilogy that began with Chávez Ravine (2005) and My Name Is Buddy (2007).The Deluxe Edition of the album is accompanied by a 104 page hardback book which included a CD in paper pocket a novella (on 97 pages) and song lyrics.
 ...From The Inside is the third album by EBM group A Split-Second. It contains the popular track The Colosseum Crash.
 Eho Mia Angalia (I have a hug) is an album by popular Greek artist Natasa Theodoridou. It was released on December 24 2006 by Sony BMG Greece. All the lyrics and music in the album by Giorgos Moukidis.
 Fairport Convention is Fairport Convention's debut album. The band formed in 1967 with original line-up Judy Dyble and Ian MacDonald (later known as Iain Matthews) (vocals) Richard Thompson and Simon Nicol (guitars) Ashley “Tyger” Hutchings (bass) and Sean Frater replaced after their first gig by Martin Lamble (percussion).
 It Dreams was the debut album by Jakalope released on October 26 2004.The music videos made for the album are known for the clone and hybrid theme connected to the band. Videos featuring Dave Ogilvie as a Dr. Evar and Katie B presented a sort of story for fans to follow bolstered by a site contest which allowed fans insight into the so-called 'Jakalope world' and hinted at the back story of Dr. Evar and Katie's characters.
 Walls Can Fall is an album by American country music artist George Jones. This album was released in 1992 (see 1992 in country music) on the MCA Nashville Records. It peaked at number 24 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and number 77 on The Billboard 200 chart. Walls Can Fall went Gold in 1994.Jones' biggest hit on the album I Don't Need Your Rockin' Chair includes in the final chorus the following guest stars in chronological order: Alan Jackson T.
 Peaks Valleys Honky Tonks & Alleys is the eighth album by American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey and his first live album. The first five tracks were recorded at the legendary Palomino Club in North Hollywood Los Angeles an important West Coast country music venue. The remaining five tracks are studio recordings. The live tracks showcase Murphey's early work with some interesting twists.
 To Seek a New Home is an album by American organist Brother Jack McDuff recorded in England in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Manowar Kills is Manowar's first compilation album. It was released in 1992.
 If You Were (1998) is the second EP by Acumen Nation released in support of their third album More Human Heart.
 Handshakes and Heartbreaks is the first album from alternative rock band Roses Are Red.
 The Ultimate Collection is an album by British progressive rock band Emerson Lake & Palmer released in 2004.
 Cheap Thrills is the second album from Big Brother and the Holding Company and their last with Janis Joplin as primary lead vocalist.
 Natural Essence is the debut album by American saxophonist Tyrone Washington featuring performances recorded in 1967 and released on the Blue Note label.
 The Complete Set Limited Box (stylized COMPLETE SET Limited Box) is a series of two Japanese compilation albums released by South Korean pop group Tohoshinki. They were released by the Avex sub-label rhythm zone on June 30 2010 two months after former Tohoshinki members Jejung Yuchun and Junsu left the band to form JYJ. The first compilation album in the series Complete: Single A-Side Collection includes all A-side singles released by Tohoshinki since their Japanese debut in April 2005.
 Boss Horn is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell recorded in 1966 and released on the Blue Note label.
 The Many Moods of Murry Wilson is the debut album (and sole album release) by Murry Wilson the father of Brian Carl and Dennis Wilson and uncle of Mike Love of The Beach Boys. The album was released on Capitol Records in 1967 the same record label that The Beach Boys were contracted to at the time.The album was reissued on CD in 2002 as a Japanese release.
 Total Control is the fourth album by female emcee Yo-Yo. The album was released on October 29 1996 on East West America/Elektra Records and featured production by Yo-Yo herself DJ Battlecat DJ U-Neek and Warren G. The album was not a success only reaching #46 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. One single entered the charts: Bonnie and Clyde II a duet with Ice Cube reached #37 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
 Purple Passages is a 1972 United States-only double-LP compilation album by Deep Purple featuring material originally released in 1968 and 1969 on the Tetragrammaton label. It features classics such as Hush and Kentucky Woman. It was issued on compact disc in 1998 and in 2007 with bonus tracks.This compilation included some alternate mixes of The Bird Has Flown and Why Didn't Rosemary? with the former having a clean intro instead of a fade-in on the album version.
 Killing Angels is an album by Swedish band Nine.
 Surf's Up is the second album by David Thomas and Two Pale Boys.
 Pancake Heater is the fifty-fifth studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the twenty-fifth installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series. The album was part of a series of thirty pike albums that were released in close succession from one another during 2013.The album was announced on September 5 as both a digital version and as a limited edition consisting of 300 copies of an untitled white album signed by Buckethead himself.
 The Very Best of 1989–1998 is an international compilation album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki that was released in 1999 by Verve Records under the EmArcy label in many markets around the world. It is a compilation of 14 of Eleftheria's best songs.
 Innerstate Music is a mixtape by Kentucky-based Nappy Roots released July 31 2007. Their first as independent artists Innerstate is an Internet mixtape/album which had been intended to precede The Humdinger until that album experienced several delays.
 Teddy Boy is an EP by French electro house artist Kavinsky released on January 16 2006.
 Man in the Hills is a reggae album by Jamaican musician Burning Spear (Winston Rodney) released in 1976 (see 1976 in music) on Island Records. Man in the Hills was follow-up to the seminal Marcus Garvey; Man in the Hills is usually considered a worthy follow-up though less innovative and incendiary. produced by Jack Ruby Man in the Hills is a simple and unadorned album with songs that reminisce about Spear's childhood in St.
 Balls is the second EP by the Huntington Beach California punk rock band Guttermouth released in 1991 by Dr. Strange Records. It is currently out of print however all of the tracks were re-issued on the CD re-releases of the band's debut album Full Length LP in 1992 and 1996.
 Confidences is a 2010 French language album by Canadian singer Roch Voisine. It includes the single Décembre. It was released in Canada on September 4 2012 with re-ordered track list some song substitutions and alternate versions of D'Amérique (new musical arrangements and lyrics adapted for Canadians) and Libre (new musical arrangements).
 I Started Out as a Child is Bill Cosby's second album released in 1964. It is the first Cosby album that features his childhood memories in his comic routines but many of the tracks are still observational humor.Recorded live at Mr. Kelly's in Chicago Illinois the album won the Grammy Award in 1965 for Best Comedy Album. It was added to the National Recording Registry in 2009.
 Gangstabilly is the 1998 debut album of Athens via Alabama rock group Drive-By Truckers. The album was recorded live in the studio over the course of two days and was produced by Andy Baker and Andy LeMaster. The album's cover art was created by Jim Stacy.
 Face Up Ass Down is a comedy album by comedian Andrew Dice Clay which was released in 2000.
 No One Stands Alone is a country music album by singer Don Gibson released in 1958. It was reissued on CD in 2000 by BMG with four bonus tracks.
 Monster is the ninth studio album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M. released in 1994 on Warner Bros. Records. Co-produced by the band and Scott Litt Monster was an intentional stylistic shift from the group's preceding albums Out of Time (1991) and Automatic for the People (1992) consisting of loud distorted guitar tones and simple song arrangements. Singer Michael Stipe's lyrics dealt with the nature of celebrity which he sang while assuming various characters.
 Death Row is the tenth studio album by German heavy metal band Accept released in 1994. It was recorded at Roxx Studios.Stefan Kaufmann was still the official drummer for Accept but drums on Bad Habits Die Hard and Prejudice are by Stefan Schwarzmann according to the liner notes. Stefan Kaufmann had to leave the band for the subsequent tour because of health problems.
 Revised Quest for the Seasoned Traveller is a compilation of rare material released by A Tribe Called Quest in 1992.
 Adios... Puta Madres is a live album by Ministry released on March 31 2009 on 13th Planet Records. The album was recorded at various locations on Ministry's farewell tour dubbed the C U LaTouR. Allmusic database and Windows Media database incorrectly list the title of the record as Adios...Putas Madres. In 2009 Señor Peligro was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category of Best Metal Performance for the 52nd Grammy Awards.
 Tierna la Noche is the 1996 second album by Mexican pop singer Fey.The album was released in late 1996 and quickly climbed the charts to later peak at the top spot. The album stayed there for more than 3 months and stayed in the Top 20 for more than 40 weeks. In sales the album was quite successful and with time became the highest selling Latin female album of the year beating out Thalía Paulina Rubio and other singers already established in the Mexican music scene.
 Marco is the second studio album released by Marco Antonio Solís on September 30 1997. It was nominated for a Lo Nuestro Award for Pop Album of the Year.
 Suitable for Framing is the second studio album by American rock band Three Dog Night. The album was released on the Dunhill record label on June 11 1969 and was the first of two albums released by the band that year (see 1969 in music).The album contains the top 20 hit singles Easy to Be Hard Eli's Coming and Celebrate; the latter of which (along with the album's opening track Feelin' Alright) featured the Chicago horn section.
 Swinger is the sixth album by the Spanish group Barrabás released in 1976. It was the last album before the group's four-year hiatus and the last to feature several band members including Ricky Morales Juan Vidal and Daniel Louis. Due to the album title being absent from the cover it is sometimes known simply as Barrabás. The album was later re-released on CD as Watch-Out with a similar sleeve but is not related to the other Barrabás album of that name the 1975 release Watch Out.
 Dečija pesma (English: Children’s Song) is the second EP by the Serbian alternative rock band Disciplina Kičme released by the Serbian record label PGP RTB in 1987. The EP features five different versions of the song Dečija pesma children disco early hit and superior mix of the track.
 Water in Time in Space (時空の水 Jikū no Mizu) is Susumu Hirasawa's first solo album. It includes recordings of three songs written for the unreleased P-MODEL album MONSTER. It is the first part of a trilogy with The Ghost in Science being the second part and Virtual Rabbit being the third part that deals with reality religion science and dreams.
 Spellbound is the second album by British heavy metal band Tygers of Pan Tang produced in 1981 on MCA.
 Remixed and Reimagined is the second entry in Sony BMG’s Legacy Remixed series. This entry features Billie Holiday recordings culled from her years on Columbia Records. Unlike Nina Simone’s entry in the series however there is no expanded edition available online.
 Revolver is the seventh studio album by English rock band the Beatles. It was released on 5 August 1966 by Parlophone Records in the United Kingdom and on 8 August 1966 by Capitol Records in the United States. The album was produced by George Martin and features many tracks with an electric guitar-rock sound that contrasts with their previous LP the folk rock-inspired Rubber Soul (1965).
 Pratica(mente) is a 2006 studio album by prominent Portuguese rapper and producer Sam the Kid. It is his first studio album all of his previous works being recorded in his home.The album features many prominent Portuguese artists such as Melo D Cool Hipnoise Lil John from Buraka Som Sistema Kalaf valete Cruzfader NBC G.Q. and Carlos Bica.The album's single is called Poetas de Karaoke.
 Qu’est-ce Pour Nous is the fifth studio album by Echo Orbiter. It was released on Looking Glass Workshop in 2003. A return to a more Indie rock driven sound the album also features lyrical themes highly influenced by Existential writers such as Albert Camus and Nietzsche and poets ranging from Charles Baudelaire to beat poets such as Jack Kerouac. The title of the album Qu’est-ce Pour Nous is taken from a line in an Arthur Rimbaud poem roughly translating to What does it matter?
 Luna (English Moon) is the 9th studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel. It was released on November 9 1993. This material was produced by herself.
 Hole Patrol is the debut album by American band Steel Panther. The album was first released in 2003 under the band name Metal Shop then subsequently reissued in 2005 under the band name Metal Skool upon which the final track was replaced. The original version closes with a self-referential eponymous 'theme' song for the band but due to the change in band name the track was replaced by a cover of Ian Hunter's Cleveland Rocks thematically retitled Cleveland Roxx.
 3-CD compilation of Lou Reed's work from his eponymous debut in 1972 to Mistrial in 1986.
 Kate Ceberano and Friends is an album released by Mushroom Records in 1994.
 The Very Best of Chic & Sister Sledge is a compilation album of recordings by American R&B bands Chic and Sister Sledge released by Rhino Records/Warner Music in 1999. An expanded two-disc edition of the compilation was released by Warner Music in 2005 under the title Good Times: The Very Best of the Hits & the Remixes.
 Happy is a 1997 album by the Australian New Wave band Real Life. Real Life consisted at the time of David Sterry Danny Simcic Allan Johnson and George Pappas. A limited edition release of Happy featured a bonus remix album called Happier.
 PARTYNEXTDOOR is the debut EP by the Canadian recording artist PartyNextDoor. It was released on October 23 2013 digitally through OVO Sound the label of the rapper Drake. The EP was available for purchase on iTunes.
 Love Life and Feelings is the twenty-first studio album from Shirley Bassey released in 1976 on the United Artists label.The album peaked at #13 in the UK album chart and charted at #149 in the Billboard 200.
 Orange Twin Field Works: Volume I is a collection of Bulgarian folk music released by Jeff Mangum of Neutral Milk Hotel. The album contains one track a little over a half hour of different segments from a single festival.
 The History of an Artist Vol. 1 is a 1972 studio album by Oscar Peterson the first of two albums so titled to provide a retrospective of his career. The History of an Artist series marked Peterson's first recordings for Norman Granz' new record label Pablo Records. Peterson had previously recorded for Granz' three former labels and would remain with Pablo until the mid-1980s.
 Saviour is the debut album by the UK band Antimatter released in 2001.
 Live in Canada 2005: The Dark Secret released in 2006 is the first live album by the symphonic power metal band Rhapsody. It was recorded June 14 2005 at the Metropolis in Montreal Canada during the first part of the Demons Dragons and Warriors World Tour.It is the last release of the band under the name Rhapsody. They changed their named to Rhapsody of Fire later that year.
 Tarikat is the reissue on double album CD digitalized and mastered in Belgium of the double cassette box Diez años de esplendor (English: Ten years of splendor) recorded and released to commemorate de tenth anniversary of the band.Vinyl-on-demand label releases the 3LP box 1980-1989 / First decade including a third LP with bonus tracks studio and live and a single record. There also exists a red 'friends edition' box set with golden imprints.
 Whoracle is the third album by Swedish melodic death metal band In Flames. The album was released through Nuclear Blast on 27 October 1997. Apart from Everything Counts which is a cover of a Depeche Mode song all songs were composed and arranged by In Flames. The lyrics were translated by Dark Tranquillity guitarist Niklas Sundin after Anders Fridén had written them in Swedish.
 Shiver is the second solo studio album by New Zealand singer Jenny Morris released on 24 July 1989 (see 1989 in music) by Warner Music Group. The album was produced by Andrew Farriss and was critically acclaimed to be Morris's most successful — and best album to date. Shiver debuted inside the top twenty on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart and was certified double platinum by ARIA.
 Client (stylised as CLIEИT) is the self-titled debut album by English electronic music group Client. It was released on 18 August 2003 by Toast Hawaii.
 Tantilla is the second album by the rock band House Of Freaks. It is widely considered to be their best work. It was released in 1989 by Rhino Records on CD (R2 70846) and 12 vinyl (R1 70846). The album was remastered and reissued by Rhino Handmade in 2004 (RHM2 7858) with thirteen additional tracks seven of which were previously unreleased.
 Super Show 4 - Super Junior World Tour Concert Album is Super Junior's fourth live recorded album released on June 28 2013. This album contains three CDs with 40 live recordings from the Super Show 4 concerts.
 This is a Spark of Life is an EP by American crossover thrash/metalcore band Zombie Apocalypse released on October 14 2003. This album has more crossover thrash elements than its predecessor.
 The Truth is the second studio album by American R&B/soul girl group Cherish. It was released on May 13 2008. The first single is Killa featuring rapper Yung Joc and produced by Don Vito and Blade released on November 27 2007. The single is featured in the movie Step Up 2: The Streets and its soundtrack.Killa is featured on America's Next Top Model's promotional theme song.
 Yeah!!! (or Aretha Franklin In Person With Her Quartet) is the eighth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin Released on May 17 1965 by Columbia Records. Contrary to the overdubbed sounds of audience murmurs the album was not a live album but instead was recorded live at New York's Columbia Studios and produced by Clyde Otis.
 What Makes Us Glow is the fourth album by electronica band Psapp. On Monday 16 September 2013 announced that their fourth album What Makes Us Glow will be released on the 11th November through The state51 Conspiracy.
 Anjunabeats Volume 8 is the eighth album in the Anjunabeats Volume compilation series mixed and compiled by British trance group Above & Beyond. It was released in the United Kingdom on 19 July 2010 by Anjunabeats. The compilation peaked at number five on the Dance Albums Chart in the UK.
 Fairytale is the second album from British singer-songwriter Donovan. It was first released in the UK on 22 October 1965 through Pye Records (catalog number NPL 18128). The US version of Fairytale was released by Hickory Records (catalog number LPM 127 [monaural] / LPS 127 [stereo]) in November 1965 with a slightly different set of songs. Peter Eden and Geoff Stephens produced the album.
 When the Storm Comes Down is the third studio album by Flotsam and Jetsam released in 1990. It was the last album with Troy Gregory on bass guitar. Gregory left in 1991 to join the New York based urban metal band Prong.It was re-released on June 10 2008 by Metal Mind Productions. This release is remastered with a bonus track and limited to 2000 copies. The re-release also contains new packaging and liner notes from the band members Eric A.K. and Ed Carlson.
 What's Left of Me is the second solo album by American singer-songwriter Nick Lachey released on May 9 2006. The album includes the hit ballad What's Left of Me which to date is Lachey's most successful single as a solo artist. Other singles included are titled I Can't Hate You Anymore and Resolution.
 Subdivisions an EP independently produced by Sinch consists of re-interpretations of songs from Clearing the Channel (2005). The songs are constructed from samples of past recordings as well as newly recorded material.
 Rockin' Like Dokken is a mini-album by rock band A which was released in Japan only.
 English Rain is the debut studio album by British singer-songwriter Gabrielle Aplin. It was released on 13 May 2013 and serves as the follow-up to her 2012 third extended play Home.It serves as her first release with a major record label and was released with Parlophone.English Rain debuted at number 2 in the UK Albums Chart selling over 35000 copies. It has since been certified gold in the UK for selling 100000 copies.
 Big Sir is the first album by Big Sir which is composed of bassist Juan Alderete and vocalist Lisa Papineau.
 Blessed Be is the fifth studio album released in 2000 by the band The 69 Eyes. It was produced by Gaga Goodies/Poko Rekords.This album is more gothic rock influenced leaving behind the sleazy lyrics seen in their earlier works.[citation needed] The first single was Gothic Girl followed by Brandon Lee.
 Cinema Love is the third EP and overall release by the Brisbane band The Red Paintings.
 Something Beginning With C is an album by New Zealand band The Exponents released in 1992. It reached number 1 and spent 19 weeks on the New Zealand Album Chart and went three times platinum. It is the first album to be credited as the Exponents rather than their former name The Dance Exponents. In May 2013 Universal Music will re-release the album digitally in New Zealand in remastered standard and deluxe editions.
 The Ballad of John Henry is the seventh studio album by American blues rock musician Joe Bonamassa. Produced by Kevin Shirley it was released on February 24 2009 by J&R Adventures and topped the US Billboard Top Blues Albums chart.
 Screaming Symphony (1996) is the fourth full-length studio album by Impellitteri.
 Steal Hear is an album by American recording artist Coolio. It was released on October 28 2008 by Super Cool Recordings. The only single is Gangsta Walk which features Snoop Dogg and was released in 2006 on Coolio's fifth album. Most songs on this album were taken from coolio's previous studio album The Return of the Gangsta which was released in 2006.
 Propagation (1994) is an album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich. This album is an expression of Rich’s interest in biology and is a tribute to the proliferation of organic life in all its forms. It features a complex range of world music influences just tunings and guest performers similar to Rainforest (1989).
 Kingdom People is the first solo album of Christian hip hop artist Tedashii released through Reach Records in 2006. The album features most of its production from Reach Records founder Lecrae Moore. It also features artists from the label. The hidden track at the end of the album is the chopped and screwed version of the song Kingdom People found on the 116 Clique Compilation Album.
 Dolmen Music is an album by American composer and vocalist Meredith Monk recorded in 1980-81 and released on the ECM New Series label.Hip hop artist DJ Shadow sampled Dolmen Music on the track Midnight in a Perfect World from the Endtroducing..... album in 1995.
 Standards is the ninth solo album by former Parliament-Funkadelic keyboardist Bernie Worrell. The album was released in 2011 by Scufflin' Records. This is a cover album meaning none of these songs are originals written by Bernie although he puts his signature funky twist on them using a moog synthesizer on many of the songs. All of the songs are jazz standards.
 The Very Best Of 1990–1997 is a compilation album by Sweden-based Nigerian artist Dr. Alban released on June 30 1997
 'Allelujah! Don't Bend! Ascend! is the fourth studio album by Canadian post-rock band Godspeed You! Black Emperor released in 2012. After re-forming in 2010 the group went on tour and silently released the album at a concert in Boston on 1 October 2012 with official release dates on 15 October in Europe and the following day in other countries. The album has received positive reviews and has been heralded as a comeback for the collective. The album won the 2013 Polaris Music Prize.
 A Time for Love is a 1966 compilation album by Tony Bennett made of unreleased material recorded between 1960 and 1966.
 Soul Food was the Oblivians' first garage punk album. It was recorded at Easley Studios in Memphis Tennessee and released on May 23 1995 by Crypt Records.
 Silent Letter is the eighth original studio album by American folk rock duo America released by Capitol Records in June 1979 (see 1979 in music).This was the first America studio album following the departure of Dan Peek the first America release on Capitol Records and the last to feature George Martin as producer. It was also their first studio album since their debut to have a title beginning with a letter other than H.
 Long Way to Heaven is the fifth studio album by the Canadian heavy metal band Helix. This album was their third for Capitol Records and there were bigger expectations from the band after the success of the previous Walkin' the Razor's Edge (featuring the hit Rock You). The first single was Deep Cuts the Knife a co-write between Paul Hackman and Bob Halligan Jr.
 Fresh Aire 4 was the fourth album in new age musical group Mannheim Steamroller's Fresh Aire series. The album was originally released in 1981. Each of the first four Fresh Aire albums is based on a season; Fresh Aire 4's theme is Winter.Red Wine a Greensleeves style track is a sign of the group's successful Christmas albums to come. The track Embers is a slower reflective reworking of the spritely Saras Band from the first Fresh Aire.
 20 Granite Creek is the rock band Moby Grape's fifth album. After recording their last album for Columbia Records Truly Fine Citizen the band went on hiatus until 1970 when they reunited with Skip Spence and Bob Mosley and recorded this reunion album for Reprise Records; their only album for the label. David Rubinson who produced most of the band's Columbia albums was back as producer here as well as serving as the band's manager.[citation needed]
 Pushy Blueness is an album by pianist Anthony Coleman which was released on the Tzadik label in 2006.
 Room to Grow is the third CD by Nashville Tennessee-based singer/songwriter Adrienne Young.
 The Best of Divine is a best-of compilation album by Divine issued in 1997. It followed The Originals and the Remixes the prior year but has not been followed by any other albums since making it the last of six posthumous Divine albums.
 Open the Iron Gate: 1973-77 is a reggae compilation album by Max Romeo released in 1999.The compilation consists mostly of the material from Romeo's 1975 album Revelation Time adding four songs recorded between 1973 and 1977: Every Man Ought to Know Valley of Jehosaphat Fire Fe the Vatican and Melt Away. The album was listed in the 1999 book The Rough Guide: Reggae: 100 Essential CDs. The album includes an essay by Steve Barrow in its liner notes.
 Matic is the second studio album by Pinoy Rock quintet Cambio. It was released on July 2 2007 after signing with MCA Music Philippines.
 I Want That You Are Always Happy is the debut studio album by Australian folk band The Middle East released in Australia and New Zealand through Spunk Records on 8 April 2011. The album was recorded mixed and co-produced by Mark Myers. Only one single Hunger Song was released for the album. The album debuted and peaked at number 11 on the Australian Album Charts and remained on the charts for five weeks.
 Summer Day Reflection Songs is a compilation album from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released on April 25 2000.
 At the Center is an album by Meat Beat Manifesto.
 Survival is Grand Funk Railroad's fourth studio album and was released in April 1971 by Capitol Records. It was produced by Terry Knight. Drummer Don Brewer was never happy with the drum sound on the album due to Knight's insistence of having Brewer cover his drum heads with tea-towels after seeing Ringo Starr using that technique in the Beatles' film Let It Be.
 Gift to the World is the debut full-length album by Boston Massachusetts indie rock band Loveless. It was released on Q Division Records in 2003.The album was critically applauded by a number of publications including Rolling Stone and The Boston Globe. However due to lack of promotion or touring around the album its sales were mediocre at best for an independent album. The album's life cycle was cut short in the summer of 2004 when it was announced Trynin was leaving the band.
 Nine of Swords is a tribute album by Scott Appel that contains compositions by and about Nick Drake.
 Moon Rappin' is an album by American organist Brother Jack McDuff recorded in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Melting is the second EP by Hyuna released on October 21 2012. It features the number one single Ice Cream. The release date was originally scheduled for October 22 2012 but due to a leak it was digitally released a day earlier by Cube Entertainment.
 Atheists Reconsider is a split EP between two Brooklyn groups: Oneida and Liars. Each band contributes two original songs plus one cover of a composition by the other band. Album art designed by Karl LaRocca / Kayrock Screenprinting
 Ray's Moods is a studio album by Ray Charles released in July 1966.
 Was (Not Was) is the début album by art-funk ensemble Was (Not Was); it was released in 1981.The album was re-released with additional material in 2004 under the name Out Come the Freaks.
 III (also known as Acid King III) as the title implies is the third full-length album by stoner metal band Acid King. It was released on CD in June 2005 through Small Stone Records. In 2006 Kreation Records released the album on coloured and black vinyl. III was the second and last album to feature bassist Guy Pinhas who left shortly after its release and was replaced by Rafa Martinez.
 Bi is the second album by Athenian pop/electronica band Astyplaz.
 Úsmev (English: The Smile) is the fourth compilation of greatest hits by Modus released on Bonton in 1998.
 Nena de Hiroshima is the second album by Argentine band Todos Tus Muertos released in 1991. This is the only album recorded for Radio Trípoli label.
 The themes or themata (Greek: θέματα; singular θέμα thema) were the main administrative divisions of the middle Byzantine Empire. They were established in the mid-7th century in the aftermath of the Muslim conquests of parts of Byzantine territory and replaced the earlier provincial system established by Diocletian and Constantine the Great.
 Norrøn livskunst is the seventh studio album by Norwegian avant-garde black metal band Solefald and their first album released through Indie Recordings.
 Greatest Remix Hits 4 is a remix album by Australian pop–dance singer Kylie Minogue. It was released by Mushroom Records on 21 August 1998 in Australia only. The album contained rare and previously unavailable remixes of songs from Minogue's studio albums with PWL from 1987 to 1992. One song on this set I Am The One For You was never released before this.
 Man is the third studio album by the Welsh psychedelic/progressive rock band Man and was released March 1971. It was the first album by this line-up Terry Williams having replaced Jeff Jones on drums while Martin Ace replaced Ray Williams on bass.As well as a change in personnel the album also represented a change in record label from Pye to United Artists (released under the UA stable Liberty imprint) with whom the band would remain until 1976.
 KST Live 31.08.'95 is the first live album by the Serbian punk rock band Goblini released in 1995 on compact cassette only by the Mortal Combat records indie record label. The album features cover versions of KUD Idijoti Pisma o ribaru Marinu Mari i moru and Minijatura Ramones Sheena Is a Punk Rocker and Commando and a version of The Clash cover of I Fought the Law with lyrics in Serbian language entitled Ne mogu više.
 Strata Presents The End of the World is Strata's second and final full-length album and was released on July 17 2007.
 Boys and Girls in America is the third studio album by The Hold Steady released on October 3 2006 by Vagrant Records.On August 18 2006 first single Chips Ahoy! was released as a free download from music site Pitchfork Media. The second single Stuck Between Stations began to appear on campus radio playlists in November 2006.Backing vocals for the track Chillout Tent are provided by Soul Asylum's Dave Pirner and The Reputation's Elizabeth Elmore.
 The Spirit of Autumn Past is the second album by rock band Mostly Autumn. It is the only Mostly Autumn album to feature drummer Rob McNeil. It is the last album to feature violinist Bob Faulds and bassist Stuart Carver but the first to feature Angela Gordon as a full member of the band. Also this is the first Mostly Autumn album to feature multi-instrumentalist Troy Donockley. He has guested on many of their albums since.
 Impeckable is Budgie's seventh album released in February 1978 on A&M Records.
 The Inhuman Ordeal Of Special Agent Gas Huffer is the fourth full-length album released by the band Gas Huffer in 1996.
 The Book of Heavy Metal is the 3rd full length album by the Swedish heavy metal band Dream Evil. This is the last album to feature Gus G. and Snowy Shaw.
 Ellipsis is an album by Scorn originally released in 1995 on Earache Records. It was remastered along with Evanescence and released as a two disc set in 2009.
 Beyond the Neighbourhood is the third studio album by English rock band Athlete and was released in the United Kingdom on 3 September 2007 by Parlophone (see 2007 in British music) and was released in the United States on 25 September by Astralwerks. The album peaked at #5 in the UK Album Charts and eventually turned out to be the band's last album on Parlophone before parting company.
 En Vivo: Desde el Auditorio Nacional (Eng.: Live: From the Mexican Auditorium) is the title of a live album released by Mexican band K-Paz de la Sierra. It was released on February 19 2008. This album became their third number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums.
 Up Popped the Two Lips is an album by Henry Threadgill featuring seven of Threadgill's compositions performed by Threadgill's Zooid. The album was the second album on the Pi Records label and was released simultaneously with Everybodys Mouth's a Book by Threadgill & Make a Move in 2001.
 Holy Wood (In the Shadow of the Valley of Death) is the fourth studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson released in November 2000 by Nothing and Interscope Records. The album marked a return to the industrial and alternative metal styles of the band's earlier efforts after the modernized glam rock of Mechanical Animals.
 Cal Tjader Plays the Contemporary Music of Mexico and Brazil is a 1962 studio album by Cal Tjader.
 Night Song is an album by Norwegian pianist Ketil Bjørnstad and Swedish cellist Svante Henryson recorded in Norway in 2011 and released on the ECM label.
 Mac & Devin Go to High School is the collaborative album and soundtrack to the 2012 stoner film of the same name by American rappers Snoop Dogg and Wiz Khalifa which was released on December 13 2011 by Atlantic Records.
 Get Happy with the Randy Weston Trio is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1955 and released on the Riverside label.
 Getting Older is a compilation album released in 1991 by recording label Flying Nun Records.
 We Did Not Know the Forest Spirit Made the Flowers Grow is the Black Lips' second LP album released in 2004. The name is a reference to a line from the Hayao Miyazaki film Princess Mononoke.
 Routine Irregular is the debut album released in 2002 by the British metal band Fony.
 Fool on the Hill is the fourth album by Sérgio Mendes and Brasil '66.The band on this album is the second version of Brasil '66. Mendes replaced all of the original band members (with the exception of lead singer Lani Hall) for this album. The dismissed members went on to form a short-lived group The Carnival which released one self-titled album.
 All I Want is a 2005 DVD that contains the documentary A Portrait of Rufus Wainwright along with live performances music videos interviews and more. The documentary features background information about Rufus' childhood teen years and family and how each of his first four albums were influenced.
 Lost and Found: You've Got To Earn It (1962–1968) is a compilation album by The Temptations. Released by Motown Records in 1999 it includes twenty unreleased Temptations records alongside unreleased mixes of Ain't Too Proud to Beg and You've Got to Earn It.
 A Creature I Don't Know is the third album by British singer-songwriter Laura Marling released on 9 September 2011. The album was announced in June 2011 along with a preview of a new song featured in a video posted on Laura Marling's official YouTube channel. The first track from the album to receive radio airplay was Sophia on 25 July 2011 on BBC Radio 1.
 The Harmony James EP is the first recording by Harmony and feature her breakthrough single Tailwind.According to an article in Capital News magazine Tailwind was the first Australian song ever to win the country category of the International Songwriting Competition and it blew the judges - including Rosanne Cash - out of the water.The second single 'Somebody Stole My Horse' became Australia’s second most played country song in 2008.The EP has become somewhat of a collectors item and features the song 'Big News' which is unavailable on any other recording. 
 Nie do Poznania is the album of Polish punk rock band Abaddon.
 Ami-go-round Tour is the second live-recorded concert of Japanese singer Ami Suzuki released under Sony Music Entertainment Japan. This DVD-format album contains the recording from August 25 in Yokohama Arena the last concert of the 26-day nationwide tour Ami did in summer 2000 called “Ami-Go-Round 2000 Ver.2 JPN Tour”.
 Yes I Am is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Melissa Etheridge released by Island Records on September 21 1993 (see 1993 in music). The title is generally thought to refer to Etheridge's recent coming out as a lesbian confirming long-standing rumors about her personal life. This is the album that gave Melissa Etheridge national recognition.
 Smooth Noodle Maps released in 1990 is the eighth studio album by American new wave band Devo. It was Devo's last full-length studio album until the release of Something for Everybody in 2010.The album title refers to a kind of discrete mathematical system—a noodle map—which may exhibit chaotic behavior similar to the standard map. The adjective smooth refers to the lack of kinks or discontinuities.
 Wilderness Heart is the third album by Black Mountain released on September 14 2010.The album received a nod from Exclaim! magazine as the No. 18 Pop & Rock Album of 2010. The album was also named as a longlisted nominee for the 2011 Polaris Music Prize.
 Retrospective is a compilation album of Bunny Wailer's work from 1986 to 1992.The album was originally released by Wailer's own Solomonic Music/Shanachie Records in 1995 and was re-released in 2003 by RAS Records.
 Graft is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The recording was inspired by the plant illustrations in the Voynich manuscript and the design was inspired by a 70s Jethro Tull bootleg called My God.
 Extravagenza is a live album by New Zealand rock band Split Enz. Comprising recordings from the Palmerston North New Plymouth and Auckland shows of the band's 1993 20th Anniversary Tour of New Zealand the album is an expanded remixed and remastered version of their 1994 live album Anniversary. The canned audience loop used on Anniversary was removed giving the recordings a more natural feel.
 Just Do It is the second album recorded by the Dutch pop rock music singer Kim-Lian. It is set to be released on 28 October 2006 in the Netherlands. Three singles were already released before the album being Road to Heaven In Vain and the download only single Feel. Kim-Lian had recently broke with her label CMM Records in a dispute over the target audience of her music. She was subsequently signed by Bass Commander Records. She has produced this album herself.
 Ganging Up on the Sun is the fifth studio album by the rock band Guster. It was released on 20 June 2006. The first single Manifest Destiny was released in late 2005 and its follow-up One Man Wrecking Machine in March 2006. It is Guster's second studio album with Joe Pisapia his first as a full member.
 Archive Things 1982–88 is a compilation of Jack Dangers early work much of which was issued in very limited editions.
 Dept. of Disappearance is the second solo studio album by American indie rock musician Jason Lytle released on October 16 2012 on ANTI- Records. Regarding the album Lytle noted If there were any deliberate attempts on this record it was trying to get back to more of a fairy-tale-ish-fantasy thing that was once again rooted in reality with drums pianos and real instruments.
 Recurse is the debut studio album released by American electro-industrial band Finite Automata. It was released on December 29 2012 by Beyond Therapy Records in digital format and released on compact disc on February 22 2013.The album features reworked and re-recorded material from the group's previous demo-release Here Won No One as well as reworked material written between 2007 and 2010.
 Harlan County is a 1969 album by American singer-songwriter Jim Ford.
 Party Fun Love and Radio EP is the third EP released by power pop band We the Kings. It was released on July 3 2012.
 2 is a 2001 album recorded by French singer Florent Pagny. It was his seventh studio album and was released on December 17 2001. It achieved success in France and Belgium (Wallonia) where it hit #3 and in Switzerland where it peaked at #8.
 Moving Along (self-titled in the US) is the fifth solo album by Australian soul/R&B singer Renée Geyer and her first to be recorded in the US and released internationally. It was produced by famed Motown musician Frank Wilson who assembled the cream of US session players to back Geyer.
 Hell Yeah! is the fifth studio album by the American glam metal band Black 'n Blue released in 2011.Although the band had reunited sporadically since their initial break-up at the end of the 1980s Hell Yeah is their first album release of entirely new material since In Heat in 1988. It is also their first album with guitarist Shawn Sonnenschein. The band had begun recording this album in 2003 following their decision to reform on a permanent basis.
 Uncomfortable Silence is the third solo EP by American musician Clint Lowery (under the name Hello Demons...Meet Skeletons) released on August 22 2011.
 High Seas is the fourth album by the Alternative Country band Trailer Bride.
 Love Songs is a compilation album by American recording artist Michael Jackson. It was released on January 15 2002 by Motown Records as a part of Motown's Love Songs line. The album contains 14 love songs and ballads Michael Jackson recorded either by himself or with The Jackson 5 during his time on Motown in the early '70s. In this case there are many hits of Michael (such as Got to Be There) or The Jackson 5 hits such as Who's Lovin' You.
 Warmer Communications is the sixth studio album released by Average White Band.
 Beyond the Sound Barrier is a live album by saxophonist Wayne Shorter released on Verve Records in 2005. It was recorded in Europe America and Asia and features the 'Footprints Quartet' of Shorter Danilo Perez John Patitucci and Brian Blade.Two pieces Joy Ryder and Over Shadow Hill Way are markedly different versions of tunes featured on Shorter's synth-heavy electronic album from 1988 Joy Ryder.
 Gyllene Tider was released on 18 February 1980 and is the debut album from Swedish pop group Gyllene Tider. The album peaked at No. 1 on the Swedish albums chart and No. 27 on the Norwegian albums chart.
 Life After Def is the sixth studio album released by Montell Jordan his first not to be released for Def Jam Recordings. It was released on October 21 2003 for Koch Entertainment and was produced by Montell Jordan and Jor Ja Black. The album was an improvement over his previous album peaking at #54 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #30 on the Independent Albums. The single Supa Star made it to #71 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
 Chapter Eleven is the second studio album by guitarist Michael Lee Firkins released on November 7 1995 through Shrapnel Records.
 Actual Fucking is an album by Cex released in 2006. Each track is named after and written about a city (Baltimore Los Angeles Denton etc.). The album is heavy on vocals and was released by Seattle label Automation Records.Both the CD and LP versions come with a booklet of eight anonymous explicit sex stories written by friends of Cex.
 Buffy the Vampire Slayer: The Album is a soundtrack album featuring music from the Buffy the Vampire Slayer TV series.The album is made up mostly of tracks by little-known artists though some better known ones such as Garbage and Alison Krauss are also featured. A small part of the television show's original score is also included.
 The Dandy EP by Herman's Hermits was the band's sixth EP and was released in the United Kingdom by EMI/Columbia (catalogue number SEG 8520.)
 The Return is the third album by R&B-pop artist Ruben Studdard and was released on October 17 2006. The first single Change Me was released on July 31 2006.
 Hood Hop 2 is the second studio album by rapper J-Kwon. It was released online only on February 17 2009 via Kwon's label Hood Hop Music. The only single released to promote the album was Boo-Boo (Holdin' Me Down) but the song wasn't included on the album. Hood Hop 2 is the sequel to J-Kwon's debut album Hood Hop.
 Ahora y Siempre (Eng.: Now and Forever) is the title of a studio album released by music group Alacranes Musical. This album became their first number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums and was released in a standard CD presentation and as a Deluxe Edition CD/DVD combo.
 Bloodstained Endurance is the sixth studio album by the Norwegian black/gothic metal band Trail of Tears. It was the first full-length album recorded after Kjetil Nordhus Runar Hansen Kjell Rune Hagen and Jonathan Perez left the band in November 2006 forcing frontman Ronny Thorsen to assemble a new band. It is also the first album to feature soprano Cathrine Paulsen since A New Dimension of Might in 2002.
 20 Greatest Hits is an album by The Dubliners re-released on 7 January 2013. The album charted at No.100 in the Irish Album Charts.
 IM the Supervisor is the fifth studio album by Israeli psychedelic trance duo Infected Mushroom. Released by BNE in 2004 it contains ten tracks including their song Cities of the Future.In a 2004 interview the band explained that the lyrics to IM the Supervisor are based on the band's attempts to call the reception desk in a German hotel for a taxi and Amit arguing with the receptionist in English.
 Se Potrei Avere Te (Italian for If I could have you) is the fourth studio album release by Neapolitan parody singer-songwriter Tony Tammaro. The verb Potrei is conditional in Italian and it should not be used in that case.
 Love Opus is the ninth and final studio album by Heavy D. It was released on September 27 2011 on Stride Entertainment almost two months before Heavy D's death.
 Entre a Mi Mundo (English: Enter My World) is the third studio album by American Tejano pop singer Selena. It was released on 6 May 1992 by EMI Latin and re-released on 22 September 2002 as part of the Selena: 20 Years of Music collection with bonus tracks and spoken liner notes by Selena's family friends and former band.
 Un Junte Pa' La Historia (English: A Match For History) is a compilation album by Wisin & Yandel. This album contains songs with the participation of singers from various genres.
 The Whole Thing Started with Rock and Roll Now It's Out of Control is a 1974 album by ex-Doors member Ray Manzarek.
 Nobody's Fools is the fifth studio album by the British rock group Slade. It was released in March 1976 and reached position #14 on the UK album charts.It was also their first album (since their rise to fame) not to reach the UK Top 10 and to drop out of the chart after a chart run of only 4 weeks. It would be their last album that would make an appearance on the chart until 1980s compilation Slade Smashes!.
 Nassau released in 1995 is the second album by The Sea and Cake.
 The 1st full-length album of Hatesex.
 B-Side Collection is an album by the Canadian rock band Harem Scarem that was released in Japan in 1998. It mostly features all the bonus songs that were only available on previously released albums in Japan.
 Un biglietto del tram is the fourth studio album by the Italian progressive rock band Stormy Six. It was released in 1975.The climate in which it took the release of this disc (among other things one of the first independent outputs) is the years of lead and politicization of every aspect of life. In particular Stormy Six represent the official voice of the student movement in Milan (or what remains of it) by far the group most important challenge of '68 university.
 The Horrifying Truth is the debut studio album by New Zealand rock band I Am Giant released on 1 August 2011. It debuted at No. 2 and has been certified Gold in New Zealand. The album became the highest selling NZ rock album of 2011.With the increasing interest in the band in Asia and Europe the album was also released in Asia on 23 March 2012 and in the UK on 8 October 2012.
 Hlaskover Rock is a third album of Polish punk rock band The Analogs.
 Love For Sale is an album by Irish jazz singer Mary Coughlan released in July 1995 by Demon Records.
 Janet (styled as janet.) is a video compilation released by American R&B/pop singer Janet Jackson.
 Weapons of Grass Destruction is the sixth full length album by American band Hayseed Dixie released in 2007. The album's name continues the band's practice of adding the word grass to common phrases in this case weapons of mass destruction. The ninth track on the album a cover version of the Status Quo song Down Down features Francis Rossi as guest guitarist.
 Live 97-99 Mood (Raibu Kyū Nana kara Kyū Kyū Mūdo) is Chara's first and currently only live album marketed as a 'live best album' released on March 8 2000. It features recordings from her tours Chara Junior Sweet Tour Chara Strange Fruits the Live Chara Strange Fruits the Concert and Chara Concert Tour Duce & the Aurora Band. It debuted at #20 on the Japanese Oricon album charts and charted in the top 200 for 4 weeks.
 How to Compose Popular Songs That Will Sell is the fifth solo studio album from Irish singer Bob Geldof. It was released on 12 October 2010. How to Compose Popular Songs That Will Sell is Geldof's first album since 2001's Sex Age & Death and marks his return to the Mercury Records label. The album reached no. 89 on the UK Albums Chart in its week of entry on 13 February 2011.
 Stolen Moments is album by American banjoist Alison Brown released in 2005.Guests include Sam Bush Mary Chapin Carpenter Beth Nielsen Chapman Stuart Duncan and Indigo Girls Amy Ray and Emily Saliers.
 Wild!! is a jazz album by Terry Silverlight.
 Prostitute is Toyah Willcox's 1988 album. It is a concept album and highly experimental in nature marking a considerable divergence from previous works. It is uncompromising in its style containing no obviously radio-friendly tracks.The album was reissued on Toyah's own record label Vertical Species in 2003 together with its follow up album Ophelia's Shadow.
 Home Again! is the fourth studio album American folk music artist Doc Watson released in 1966.Two of the songs were co-written with fiddler Gaither Carlton Doc's father-in-law.
 The Wild the Innocent & the E Street Shuffle is the second album by Bruce Springsteen and the as-yet-unnamed E Street Band and is described by Allmusic as one of the greatest albums in the history of rock & roll. It was released in 1973. The album includes the song Rosalita (Come Out Tonight) the band's most-used set-closing song for the first 10 years of its career.As with Springsteen's first album it was well-received critically but had little commercial success at the time.
 Live from the Royal Albert Hall is a live album and DVD by American rock band The Killers. It was released on November 10 2009 in the UK Canada and the US. The album is pulled from two nights the band performed at the Royal Albert Hall in July 2009 and also includes footage from festival dates the band headlined during the middle months of 2009.
 Donovan is the fourteenth studio album and sixteenth album overall from British singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in the US (Arista AB 4143) in August 1977 and in the UK (RAK SRAK 528) with a different track order in October 1977.
 The Best of ABBA is a compilation greatest hits album by Swedish pop group ABBA released in November 1975 in Australia Germany the Netherlands New Zealand and Norway and in 1976 in Austria and India. Globally ABBA released Greatest Hits. The album topped the charts in Australia Austria and New Zealand and went on to be certified 24x Platinum in New Zealand and 22x Platinum in Australia.
 Prime Cuts is a 2008 album by Tempest. It is a compilation album including many past releases as well as a few new songs. It is released by Magna Carta. It features a CD and a DVD.
 Sounds and Visions is the second studio album by The Earl Klugh Trio released in 1993. In this release the Trio (Earl Klugh on guitar Gene Dunlap on bass Ralph Armstrong on drums) is joined by the London Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Grammy award winner Don Sebesky. The album features movie themes preceded by short orchestral interludes.
 Sing It Again Rod is Rod Stewart’s first compilation album released in 1973. The album is notable for its Peter Corriston-designed die-cut album sleeve (shaped like a glass of whisky and through which a smiling Stewart can be seen).
 Grandes éxitos is a greatest hits compilation (and fourth album in general) by the Spanish Latin rock group Jarabe de Palo released in January 2003.
 Bone Machine is a critically acclaimed and award-winning album by Tom Waits released in 1992 on Island Records. It won a Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album and features guest appearances by Los Lobos' David Hidalgo Primus' Les Claypool and Brain and The Rolling Stones' Keith Richards.Bone Machine marked a return to studio material for Waits coming a full five years after his previous studio album Franks Wild Years (1987).
 Paranoid Dream of the Zodiac is an album by the band Balzac. The CD combines two of Zodiac's (Balzac's side-project) - Beware on Halloween and the maxi-single Zodiac x Balzac.
 Kin (stylized as kin) is the audiovisual debut album by electronic music project iamamiwhoami pseudonym of Swedish singer-songwriter Jonna Lee. It was released on 11 June 2012 on iamamiwhoami's label To whom it may concern. distributed by Cooperative Music a group of independent labels. Formats include digital CD LP and DVD.
 Cross Road is the first greatest hits album by American rock band Bon Jovi released on October 13 1994 by Mercury Records. The album contains hits from between Bon Jovi (1984) and Keep the Faith (1992) and two new tracks: the hit singles Always and Someday I'll Be Saturday Night as well as a new updated rendition of Livin' on a Prayer entitled Prayer '94 available only on the North American versions.
 Rock Bonham...And The Long Road Back is an album released in 2005 by Daniel MacMaster.
 Live at the Googolplex is a live album by rock band Clutch compiled from various live recordings in 2002. It was released in 2003 and contains 15 tracks. The Googolplex of the title refers to the number of the same name.
 Greatest Hits is an album by Ginuwine which offers some of the artist's more popular tracks such as Pony Differences and So Anxious as well as tracks produced by Timbaland and R. Kelly.
 Trance is an album by American jazz pianist and composer Steve Kuhn recorded in 1974 and released on the ECM label.
 Guitar Man is the fifth album released by Bread in 1972.
 Bird in the Tangle is an album by Brett Detar released on November 9 2010.
 Live At High Voltage is a 2 CD set released by the progressive rock band Spock's Beard recorded by Concert Live. It features the band's complete performance at the UK's High Voltage Festival on one CD with a second blank CD provided to burn online content onto (which includes an interview and photo gallery).It is notable for featuring Neal Morse joining the band to perform 'The Light' and 'June'.
 Mind Blowin' is the second studio album by American rapper Vanilla Ice. Released on March 22 1994 it is the rapper's final release on SBK Records. The album did not chart and received unfavorable reviews. It has since received some degree of cult status in the hip hop community. Songs from the album made up one third of Vanilla Ice's tours during 1992-2010.Ice followed up this album with 1998's Hard to Swallow which involved a switch to the record label Republic Records.
 Me and My Guitar is an album by American guitarist Chet Atkins. It was nominated for the Best Country & Western Instrumental Performance Grammy in 1978. Atkins joined Floyd Cramer and Danny Davis that same year to produce Chet Floyd & Danny which was also nominated.Lenny Breau appears on Long Long Ago and You'd Be So Nice to Come Home To.
 Lyrically Alan Bergman is the debut album by American lyricist Alan Bergman. It was recorded in 2007 and released later that year by Verve Records. The album consists of songs with lyrics by Bergman and his wife Marilyn Bergman (née Keith).
 Estudando o Samba is a concept album by Brazilian singer Tom Zé recorded in 1976.It was listed by Rolling Stone Brazil as one of the 100 best Brazilian albums in history.
 Watch The Red is the sixth album by Australian band The Angels it was released in 1983.In June 2002 Shock Records issued The Complete Sessions 1980 - 1983. The 4-CD box set included remasters of Dark Room (9 bonus tracks) Night Attack (9 bonus tracks) Watch The Red (5 bonus tracks) and The Blow (2-CD set). In June 2006 Liberation Music re-issued Dark Room from The Complete Sessions 1980 - 1983.
 Strict Joy is the third album by The Swell Season (Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová). It was released in Ireland on October 23 2009 the rest of Europe on October 26 and on October 27 in North America on the ANTI- record label. The title of the album was derived from a 1931 book of poems written by Irish poet James Stephens.The album reached number 15 on the Billboard 200.
 Ruthless For Life is the third album by rapper MC Ren released June 30 1998 on Ruthless Records and distributed by Epic Records.
 Harmony is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records in 1987. The album peaked at number 9 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Ecstasy is a solo album by American jazz pianist and composer Steve Kuhn recorded in 1974 and released on the ECM label.
 Take Penacilin Now is a 2005 compilation album released on G7 Welcoming Committee Records. The compilation features almost every artist that has released material on the label.
 Whatever Julie Wants was an LP album by Julie London released by Liberty Records under catalog number LRP-3192 as a monophonic recording and catalog number LST-7192 in stereo in 1961.
 Food is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Kelis released on April 18 2014. It is her first album released under Ninja Tune Records which she signed to in late 2013. The album is distributed worldwide by IRIS Distribution. Food was produced by Dave Sitek along with guest performances by CSS and Priscilla Ahn. Kelis describes the album as a kind of unspoken lovefest. The album's artwork was designed by Leif Podhajsky.
 LP Underground 4.0 is a CD and digital download set released in November 22 2004 by Linkin Park Underground. The EP was the fourth EP by LP Underground. This EP is one of the EPs released per year by the fan club. This is the third EP produced by Machine Shop Recordings.
 (Sur)Prize Fool is the first studio album by the French band Freygolo
 The Rock Machine Turns You On was the first bargain priced sampler album. It was released in the UK The Netherlands Germany and a number of other European countries in 1968 as part of an international marketing campaign by Columbia Records who were known in Europe as CBS.
 Flying Under the Radar is the second compilation album by the American country rock/southern rock band The Kentucky Headhunters. It was released in 2006 via the CBuJ Ent. label. The album includes seven tracks from their 2000 album Songs from the Grass String Ranch and two each from 2003's Soul and 2005's Big Boss Man.
 A Perfect Match is a duet album released by American country music singers David Houston and Barbara Mandrell.For Barbara Mandrell this was the first duet album she had ever recorded and would be one of two duet albums she would release during her career. David Houston had already been a successful Country singer the previous decade with his #1 Country hit Almost Persuaded. Mandrell on the other hand was very new to the Country music business only releasing her first album in 1971.
 Chicken Skin Music is Ry Cooder's fifth album released in 1976 (see 1976 in music).
 Years Later is the third album by rapper Soulja Slim.
 Water from an Ancient Well is a jazz album by South African pianist Abdullah Ibrahim that was first released in 1986.
 El Mariel is the second studio album by Cuban-American rapper Pitbull. It features production from Lil Jon Diaz Brothers DJ Khaled Mr. Collipark The Neptunes and Jim Jonsin. It includes guest appearances from Lil Jon Twista and Trick Daddy. A Spanish-language version of the album was released on October 31 2006 featuring the three singles from El Mariel along with twelve Spanish-only tracks.
 Elvin Jones Jazz Machine Live at Pit Inn is a live album by drummer Elvin Jones' Jazz Machine recorded in Japan in 1984 and originally released on the Japanese Polydor label.
 Someone Else's Déjà Vu is the third studio full-length from Omaha NE's Son Ambulance. It's the first full release by the band since 2004's Key.The album is divided into four parts: A View of Minstrel Town (tracks 1-3) About the Public Square (tracks 4-7) To A Deserted Town (tracks 9-11) and Farewell Pulse (the final two tracks).
 Hania Stach is the debut studio album by Polish singer Hania Stach which was released in Poland on May 22 2004 by Pomaton EMI.The album was saled over 10.000 copies.
 Fiesta is the debut solo album by Chilean singer-songwriter Denise Rosenthal. It was available for physical release in Chile on November 6 2013 via FeriaMix Santiago. On November 8 2013 the album was available to purchase digitally in iTunes in the United States Chile and other Latin American countries. Rosenthal released the album under the stage name D-Niss.
 Phoenix is a studio album by British rock band Asia released in 2008. It is the first to feature all four original members (Geoff Downes Steve Howe Carl Palmer and John Wetton) since 1983's Alpha.
 In Case You Didn't Feel Like Showing Up is a live album by the industrial metal band Ministry. The album was released on September 4 1990.
 Imaginate is the debut album by Australian rock band Taxiride. It was recorded in Ocean Way Studios in Los Angeles and produced by Jack Joseph Puig. Imaginate went double platinum and reached number one on the Australian ARIA Charts with Get Set and Everywhere You Go becoming top 10 hits. Taxiride won the 1999 Best New Artist ARIA Award for this album.
 Storm in the Heartland is the third album from country music artist Billy Ray Cyrus. Released in 1994 on Mercury Records it produced the singles Storm in the Heartland Deja Blue and One Last Thrill the first two of which entered the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.
 Born to Fly is a country music album by Sara Evans released October 10 2000. It is her highest-selling album to date having earned 2× Platinum certification by the RIAA for U.S. sales of two million copies. The lead single Born to Fly reached number one on January 19 2001. The album was one of the most successful of the year. Evans was nominated for five CMA Awards: Album of the Year; song single and music video (for the title-track) and Female Vocalist of the Year.
 The All-American Rejects is the self-titled debut studio album by American rock band The All-American Rejects originally released October 15 2002 by Doghouse Records before being re-released commercially on January 17 2003 by Dreamworks Records.
 Oh Moscow is a 1991 live album by English experimental musician and composer Lindsay Cooper. It is a recording of a song cycle of the same name performed at the 7th Victoriaville Festival in Quebec Canada on 8 October 1989. The work was composed in 1987 by Cooper with lyrics written by English film director and screenwriter Sally Potter. The song cycle reflects on the Cold War that divided Europe at the time.
 Lapidation is an album by composer and keyboardist Anthony Coleman performed by a various lineups from large ensembles to solo pianists and released on the New World label in 2006.
 Summit Meeting is a jazz album by drummer Elvin Jones saxophonists James Moody and Bunky Green trumpeter Clark Terry and guitarist Roland Prince recorded in 1976 and released on the Vanguard label.
 Islands & Shores is the fourth studio album by Swedish band Deportees released on 19 October 2011 through Deportees AB and Universal Music.
 Out Alive is Primitive Radio Gods' fifth album the third of such released independently and exclusively through their official website. Unlike their previous album Sweet Venus which was only available in MP3 format Out Alive was released in a limited edition CD slipcase but only 35 copies were available for purchase from their web site. A second run in digipak format featuring new cover art by guitarist Luke McAuliffe was released in August 2012.
 Reptile is the 15th studio album by British musician Eric Clapton released by Duck / Reprise Records on 13 March 2001. The album was produced by Eric Clapton with Simon Climie and is Eric's first album to feature keyboard work by Billy Preston and background vocals by the Impressions.
 Real Deal is an album by David Murray and Milford Graves released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1994 and features eight duo performances by Murray and Graves.
 Doctor Who - Pyramids of Mars is an album of music by Dudley Simpson composed for the BBC television series Doctor Who. As the original music tapes are missing new recordings were made by Heathcliff Blair from Simpson's original manuscripts.
 Late Night Tales: Four Tet is a DJ mix album compiled by Kieran Hebden who goes by the pseudonym Four Tet. It is part of the Late Night Tales/Another Late Night compilation series.
 Livin' Inside Your Love is a double-LP by jazz musician George Benson which was released in 1979. It was certified Gold by the RIAA.
 Beggars is the sixth studio album by American rock band Thrice. It was released digitally through Vagrant Records in the UK on August 9 2009 and in the US on August 11 2009. A physical release containing bonus material was released on September 15 2009.
 With Devils Amongst Us All is the third full length album from metalcore band Walls of Jericho. The first video released from the album was A Trigger Full Of Promises which has also come to be their most well known song.
 You're Not Alone is an album by American guitarist and blues musician Roy Buchanan. The album was a commercial failure and led Buchanan to a break and a pause for reflection.
 The Sound of Speed is a compilation of singles and rare tracks by Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain. The tracklisting below is for the version released in most of the world - the Japanese version dropped Snakedriver Something I Can't Have Write Record Release Blues Tower of Song Little Red Rooster Lowlife and Reverberation but added Subway In the Black Terminal Beach and I'm Glad I Never.
 Final Fantasy (最終幻想) is a Mandarin album by the singer Leo Ku released in November 2005. Most of the songs are from his famous cantopop hits in the previous two years including Genius and Idiot Nobita and Love and Honesty.
 We're Doomed is part 1 of Sputnik Monroe's The Great depression Celebration series. The album was available for download on Sputnik Monroe's website.
 Transmetropolitan is the debut album by German metal band War from a Harlots Mouth. It was released in Germany on September 18 2007 and released worldwide on November 21 2008 through Lifeforce Records. It is the last release with vocalist Steffan Gewohnt.
 The Weirding is an album by American progressive rock band Astra. It was their debut album released in the United Kingdom on May 25 2009 and on June 23 of that year in the United States. It was released on the independent label Rise Above Records. The album was released and received overall positive reviews noting that the music was very similar to that of 1970s progressive rock bands like Pink Floyd and Yes along with the space-rock outfit Hawkwind.
 Trouble in Mind is an album released by American singer Hayes Carll in 2008. The album debuted at number 18 of the Top Heatseekers chart.
 Rated R (also called R or Rated X on vinyl) is the second studio album by American rock band Queens of the Stone Age released on June 6 2000 on Interscope Records. Rated R was a critical and commercial success and became the band's breakthrough album. It peaked at number 16 on the Top Heatseekers and reached high positions on charts worldwide. The album has been certified gold in the United Kingdom.
 Recorded on January 3 1987 Live from Austin TX is Johnny Cash's performance from the Austin Texas television show Austin City Limits. It was released on New West Records in 2005. Cash performs many old hits and performs new ones from his latest releases on Mercury Records where he just recently moved to. The CD and DVD do not contain the whole show — the songs The Big Light A Wonderful Time Up There and The Fourth Man in the Fire were left out.
 The James Brown Show (also known as Presenting the James Brown Show) is a 1967 album featuring James Brown. It was released on Smash Records and showcases the vocalists who performed with the James Brown Revue in the mid-1960s including Famous Flame Baby Lloyd Stallworth Vicki Anderson The Jewels and James Crawford. Following the terms of Brown's contract with King Records he does not sing on the album but contributes as producer arranger and organist.
 Comin' On! is an album by Jamaican-born jazz trumpeter Dizzy Reece featuring performances recorded at two sessions in 1960 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1999.
 Second Time Around is the second album by the Japanese band Ghost. It was originally released in 1992 and reissued by Drag City in 1997.
 Vikingligr Veldi (Icelandic meaning roughly Glorious Viking Square) is the debut studio album by Norwegian black metal band Enslaved. It was released in 1994 through Deathlike Silence Productions the record label run by Euronymous who was killed before the album's release. The album is dedicated to him.[citation needed]Despite Enslaved's nationality the lyrics on this album are mainly in Icelandic perhaps due to its resemblance to Old Norse.
 Band of Brothers is the second studio album by the choir Only Men Aloud!. Unlike their self-titled debut it featured several traditional Welsh songs the album closing with a version of Land of My Fathers. However as on the first album the choir also included covers of pop songs Total Eclipse of the Heart a duet with the original singer Bonnie Tyler Somebody to Love with featured vocalist Kerry Ellis and Scarborough Fair.
 Beyond Appearances is the thirteenth studio album by Santana released in 1985 (see 1985 in music).The album took seven months to make and (apart from Carlos Santana himself) involved a completely different line-up from Santana's previous album (released two and a half years earlier). It was firmly in the style of the 1980s making much use of synthesizers and drum machines.
 My Heart Has a Mind of Its Own is the third compilation album by American country artist Connie Smith. The budget album was released in May 1971 on RCA Camden Records and was produced by Bob Ferguson. My Heart Has a Mind of Its Own contained ten tracks of previously recorded material.
 Fire Within is the second studio album by British singer-songwriter Birdy. It is her first album of predominantly original compositions her eponymous début album consisting largely of covers. Fire Within was released in Europe and Oceania in September 2013.A North American release is planned for 2014 – meanwhile several album tracks and live versions of past songs were released as an EP titled Breathe on 24 September 2013.
 Anthem Lights is the second EP by the American Christian boy band Anthem Lights. It is the first EP released under the group's current name. In addition to notable mentions Anthem Lights has received very positive reviews. Can't Shut Up the first track from Anthem Lights peaked at No. 42 on Billboard's Christian Songs chart and at No. 27 on the CHR radio charts.
 Squeeze Play is an Ultra High Fidelity monaural phonographic album (331⁄3 RPM) which was released on the Dot Records label in 1956 (DLP-3024)[1] featuring the artistry of John Serry Sr. It includes an original composition by Mr. Serry classical works and popular music of the era. Ben Selvin serves as the musical director/producer for the album. The works were arranged by Mr.
 K.O.S.S. 02 is the ninth album by French musician Lord Kossity released in 2010 on his own label Lord Ko Publishing.
 Expansions is the tenth album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner and his fourth released on the Blue Note label. It was recorded in August 1968 and features performances by Tyner with Woody Shaw Gary Bartz Wayne Shorter Ron Carter Herbie Lewis and Freddie Waits.
 Choir of Echoes is the third studio album by British band Peggy Sue. It was released in January 2014 under Yep Roc Records.
 Truth is the debut album by the Jeff Beck Group released in 1968 in the United Kingdom on Columbia Records and in the United States on Epic Records. It introduced the talents of Rod Stewart and Ronnie Wood to a larger audience and peaked at number 15 on the Billboard 200.
 Violated was a European-only EP released by rap metal band Stuck Mojo. The album was released as a means of promoting the band for its first ever tour overseas in Europe. The EP includes a cover of Black Sabbath's Sweet Leaf as well as two live songs.
 Pure Shores: The Very Best of All Saints is the second compilation album of the greatest hits of All Saints released on 27 September 2010. The 2-disc collection features the group's hit singles (excluding Under the Bridge) a collection of album tracks and their most stand-out B-sides as well as a song by Melanie Blatt and Artful Dodger called TwentyFourSeven.
 Live! In Chicago is a blues album by Kenny Wayne Shepherd Band.
 Greatest of the Delta Blues Singers is an album by the American blues singer Skip James released in 1965. It was his first album released after his rediscovery in 1964.
 Seasons: Falling is the sixth album released by Portuguese pop–rock singer David Fonseca. It was released in Portugal on September 21 2012 to critical and commercial acclaim.
 Six was an album released by the Canadian rock band Loverboy. Released in 1997 it was the band's first album with new material since 1987.
 The Rules of Dada is the second studio album by the Swedish electronic music duo Dada Life (Olle Corneér and Stefan Engblom). It was released on October 16 2012 by Dada Life's independent record label So Much Dada and Universal. The album features a very heavily club-influenced electro house sound and lyrically it discusses general carelessness with a lighthearted almost humorous tone.
 Exquisite Corpse is an album by Daedelus an American hip hop experimental and electronic artist. The album's title refers to the surrealist group drawing method exquisite corpse. The sample-heavy album features many more guests spots than usual helping to bring forth the hip hop influence of the album. Two separate versions of the album were released on Mush and Ninja Tune with both containing the same tracks but re-arranged in a different order.
 The Onslaught is the debut studio album by American thrash metal band Lazarus A.D. Released in 2007 as a self produced album and re-released through Metal Blade records in 2009.
 Luminous is the upcoming fourth studio album by British band The Horrors. It will be released on May 5 2014.
 White Band Speak With Forked Tongue is the sixth studio album by the band Suns of Arqa recorded with Sprout Head Uprising and released in 1989 by BOP Cassettes. The album was produced by Suns of Arqa founder Michael Wadada. It is a compilation of previous singles album tracks new material cover versions and collaborations.
 The second of three 'Always New' EPs. These were originally released by Jonah Matranga via his website as downloads chronicalling the music he'd been creating in 6 month blocks. The recordings were later released on CD as a multimedia experience containing cartoons pictures and in Jonah's words who knows what else from the period in which the music was written.
 Peel Sessions is an EP by the San Diego California rock band Hot Snakes released in 2005 by Swami Records. It was recorded in the Fall of 2004 while the band was on tour in the UK for broadcast on BBC Radio 1's John Peel program. Hot Snakes would be one of the last groups to record such a session as Peel died shortly afterwards.
 ±Sobrevive is the second album of the Chilean pop/rock group Kudai. Debuted at #1 in Chile on the most sold albums and gained the status of gold album for the 15000 copies. The album was released on July 1 2006.The album was released in 2007 in Mexico.
 Teachers : Back To School is the official soundtrack on the Channel 4 label of the second series of British television comedy-drama series Teachers.This album contains music by various artists heard in the show itself.
 Popstars is the first album by Italian girl group Lollipop released on June 1 2001 by WEA Records / Warner Music Italy. It peaked at #14 on the Italian album chart and produced three singles including the Italian #1 single Down Down Down Don't Leave Me Now and When The Rain.
 Good Evening New York City is a CD/DVD double live album by Paul McCartney consisting of material performed over three nights as the inaugural concert at New York City's Citi Field 17 18 and 21 July 2009 part of his Summer Live '09 concert tour. Over 180000 tickets were sold within hours of the shows being announced. The album is McCartney's third release for Hear Music following 2007 album Memory Almost Full and the live EP Amoeba's Secret.
 A Different Beat is an album by blues-rock guitarist and vocalist Gary Moore released in 1999.
 The Return is the tenth studio album of South Korean boy band Shinhwa in commemoration of their 14th anniversary. It was released on 23 March 2012 by Shinhwa Company and distributed by CJ E&M Music.
 Ap'Tin Arhi: I Megaliteres Epitihies is the second box set album sixth compilation album and eighteenth album overall by popular Greek pop-rock singer Sakis Rouvas released on August 17 2007 by Universal Music Greece. The set comprises three CDs and includes a bonus DVD with thirteen videos.
 All Flesh Is Grass is an album by Madder Mortem released on Century Media Records [1] February 19 2001. It was recorded in Studio Underground Västerås Sweden October 2000.It is also an extract from the Old Testament book of Isaiah 40:6 meaning that human life is transitory.
 Panta Rei is the debut album of Serbian singer Jelena Tomašević. The album features two songs that she entered to represent Serbia (and Montenegro) in the Eurovision Song Contest: Jutro (2006) and Oro (2008).This album was released in October 2008
 Source is the second album by melodic death metal band The Duskfall. The album was released on December 30 2003 it was re-released along with previous album Frailty on August 22 2005 and included three bonus tracks that are re-recorded versions of songs from the band's second demo.
 This article describes an album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 5 or Now 5 was released in 1986. The album is the fifth edition of the South African Now! series.
 Flippin' Out is an album by Gigolo Aunts released in October 1993 on Fire Records in the UK and April 1994 on RCA/BMG in the US. It includes the track Where I Find My Heaven featured on the soundtrack to 1994 comedy film Dumb and Dumber which helped to break the band into the charts. The US and UK versions feature different track listings.
 Gardens of Grief is an EP by Swedish melodic death metal band At the Gates. This EP was later re-released as a split CD with Grotesque's In the Embrace of Evil album.On the inlay of the rerelease you can find this line: Tomas wants to dedicate the lyrics in 'At the Gates' to the memory of Per Ohlin ..R.I.P... He was the vocalist of Mayhem and Morbid who committed suicide in April 1991.
 Virtuální is the fifth studio album by the Polish pop rock singer Ewa Farna released on 26 October 2009. This album has Czech lyrics and its songs have a pop rock style with electronic mixes. One song on this album was composed by Farna with assistance of producer Jan Steinsdörfer.Jen Tak was later sung by American Idol alumnus Kimberly Caldwell under its English title Going Going Gone for her debut album Without Regret.
 Made Man is the third studio album by rapper Silkk the Shocker. It was released on January 19 1999 through No Limit Records and made it to #1 on both the Billboard 200 and Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. The album made Silkk one of the best artist of the late 1990's. Made Man was certified platinum by the RIAA on April 21 1999.
 The Lost And Found EP by Royal Wood was released on Dead Daisy Records (2009).
 Just a Rolling Stone is the debut album by pop/R&B singer Donnie Klang it was released on September 2 2008 in the United States and Canada. The album debuted and peaked at number 19 on the Billboard 200. The album includes production from Channel 7 Mario Winans Tricky Stewart The-Dream Soul Diggaz; Diddy was the executive producer.
 The Great Divide is the Bluegrass debut solo album by Styx guitarist/vocalist Tommy Shaw released on March 22 2011.
 Moonlight Serenade is an album by the American singer-songwriter Carly Simon. It is her 22nd studio album (her 29th overall) and her fourth album of pop standards.Released on July 19 2005 by Columbia Records Moonlight Serenade debuted at #7 on the Billboard 200 selling 58000 copies in its first week. It was Simon's first US Top 10 album since Boys in the Trees (1978).
 More Light is the tenth studio album by Scottish band Primal Scream released on 13 May 2013.The single It's Alright It's OK received airplay on national stations like BBC Radio 2 BBC Radio 6 Music and Absolute Radio and on music channel MTV Rocks whilst it has also been played on a number of smaller stations including 106.9FM WHCR and Kingstown Radio.
 At the Mill Hill Playhouse is a dixieland revival jazz recording by the late clarinetist Kenny Davern and his quartet.
 Envy of Angels is an album released in 1996 by New Zealand band The Mutton Birds. The title is taken from The Wife Speaks a poem by New Zealand poet Mary Stanley.The recording sessions took place during the summer of 1996 at Rockfield studios near Monmouth Wales. Whilst the album was being mixed by Hugh Jones in one studio B sides and rare tracks were mixed and some new ones recorded in the other studio with Rockfield engineer/producer Paul Read.
 Wide World Hits is the title of a recording by the instrumental group The String-A-Longs released on Atco SD 33-241.
 Fear of Fours is the title of Lamb's 1999 album.
 Gigi Gryce and the Jazz Lab Quintet is an album by American jazz saxophonist Gigi Gryce featuring tracks recorded in 1957 for the Riverside label.
 Canto por travesura (Mischievous Songs) is an album recorded by Víctor Jara in 1973. It consists of a collection of southern Chilean folk songs with a consistent thematic style popular in Chilean folklore—the mocking of social norms with mischievous jokes riddles and dark humor.
 Nothing Left At All is the first commercial EP of the Irish band The Cranberry Saw Us. It was released by Xeric Records in cassette format. Xeric Records made 300 copies and they sold out at local stores within a few days. The song Shine Down only appears on this tape. It was later known as Take My Soul Away but was never re-recorded.
 Rags To Rufus is the gold-selling second studio album by funk band Rufus released on the ABC Records label in 1974. It reached #4 on both the Pop and Black Albums charts. It is notable for the hit singles Tell Me Something Good (US Pop #3 US R&B #3) written by Stevie Wonder and You Got the Love (US Pop #11 US R&B #1) written by lead vocalist Chaka Khan and Ray Parker Jr..
 Kick-Ass 2: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a compilation album of various artists' music from the 2013 film Kick-Ass 2. Though the song I Hate Myself for Loving You by Joan Jett and the Blackhearts is featured in the film it does not appear on the soundtrack.
 Well Within Reason is the self-produced self-released debut studio album by Jim Bianco. Bianco first moved to Los Angeles in 2000 and began participating regularly in open mic nights around Los Angeles. Bianco met Michael Starr while performing at the club Molly Malone's on Fairfax in Los Angeles. Bianco and Starr recorded the first edition at Starr's studio in 2001 and 2002. The second edition was released in 2003 after Bianco and Brad Gordon modified parts of the album.
 Graveyard Mountain Home is the third studio album released under the name Chroma Key by American keyboardist Kevin Moore. It was released on November 8 2004 by InsideOut Music. Moore originally started work on the album in 2003 planning to release a less electronica-influenced album than previous Chroma Key albums but put it aside to work on the first OSI album. He then moved to Istanbul Turkey where he wrote Ghost Book the soundtrack to the film Okul.
 Impressive is the seventeenth studio album by Japanese jazz fusion band T-Square releasead on April 22 1992.
 Below Radar is an EP released independently by Helen Stellar in 2003. IO (this time around) the second track on the EP features in the Cameron Crowe film Elizabethtown. It also appears on the soundtracks for Henry Poole is Here (2008) and Love Happens (2009). Flutterby appeared in episode 102 of the television show Friday Night Lights.
 Life and Live is a live album by Xiu Xiu.It was released on Italian record label Xeng less than a month before the release of La Forêt in the United States. Life and Live consists of Xiu Xiu songs that front man Jamie Stewart rendered live into acoustic guitar and vocal compositions. Tracks 348-13 appear on the 2003 release Fag Patrol So in effect this compilation contains all the tracks from Fag Patrol (except for an alternative version of Asleep) albeit in a different order.
 This article describes the tenth album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 10 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 10 was released on July 23 2002. The album is the tenth edition of the (U.S.) Now! series. It peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 and has been certified Platinum by the RIAA.
 Moonlight Sonata an EP from American rock band The Human Abstract. The EP was released on February 14 2012 and is a cover of all three parts of Ludwig van Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata.
 'N Sync is the self-titled debut studio album by American boy band 'N Sync. It was first released in Germany on May 26 1997 before receiving a worldwide release in 1998.
 Watch is the fourth and final album of the band Seatrain recorded in 1973. It is marked with departure of Peter Rowan and Richard Greene (they formed band Muleskinner) and the use of more session musicians on instruments like vibraphone cello accordion tuba and oboe.
 Anonymous is the third studio album by the musical supergroup Tomahawk. It was released on June 19 2007 through Ipecac Recordings the record label owned by Tomahawk vocalist Mike Patton. Anonymous charted in Australia Norway and the United States.Recorded after the departure of bass player Kevin Rutmanis the songs on Anonymous are based on Native American compositions researched by guitarist Duane Denison.
 Underground Hero is a studio album by West Coast rapper MC Eiht. It was released on July 2 2002 and features guest appearances from Mack 10 Yukmouth Sticky Fingaz and the Outlawz. The album also featured the single Fire Alarm.
 In The Key Of Night is a solo piano/voice album by Australian pianist Peter Head. It was released in 2004 and was recorded to capture the classic feel of Head's late night piano bar shows at the request of Big Beat Music. It features Head's interpretation of songs by Ray Charles Tom Waits Randy Newman and Gram Parsons alongside his original tunes.It was recorded in the Big Beat Studio in Kangaroo Valley New South Wales on a Yamaha Grand and a Laffargue upright piano.
 Walking into Clarksdale is a studio album by Jimmy Page and Robert Plant both formerly of English rock band Led Zeppelin. It was released by Atlantic Records on 21 April 1998. The follow-up album to No Quarter: Jimmy Page and Robert Plant Unledded Walking into Clarksdale took 35 days to record. The album was recorded and mixed by Steve Albini.
 Surf Goddess is an EP by pop punk band The Queers.
 Everything is Vapour/Money and Blood was the only single from Rational Youth's 1999 album To The Goddess Electricity and the first entirely new material from the band since 1986.
 Model Citizen is the name of the debut EP of the Nigerian born American based singer songwriter Nenna Yvonne on March 1st 2010.
 Eroica is the third album by Wendy & Lisa released in 1990 by Virgin Records.
 American Idiot: The Original Broadway Cast Recording is an album by the cast of American Idiot and Green Day. In September 2009 American Idiot began its run in the Berkeley Repertory Theatre California. After two extensions it was transferred to the St. James Theatre on Broadway. The first single from the album 21 Guns was released on December 3 2009. The album also includes When It's Time a previously unreleased song written by Billie Joe Armstrong.
 Mute Print released on April 20 2004 through Nitro Records is the first full length album from the Massachusetts based melodic hardcore band A Wilhelm Scream since changing their name from Smackin' Isaiah in 2002.
 Kiss My Thang: Toshinobu Kubota's Selection is a compilation album released by Toshinobu Kubota on December 1 1990. The album consists of Kubota's favorite songs by his favorite artists. The album is now out of print.
 Dig This! is an album by American jazz flautist Bobbi Humphrey recorded in 1972 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Celebrate the Bullet is the second album by British ska band The Selecter. It was released in 1981 on Chrysalis Records after the band had left the 2 Tone label. It features the hit single The Whisper plus the rare 45 Celebrate The Bullet and a version of The Ethiopians Train To Skaville. Ian Dury and the Blockheads bassist Norman Watt-Roy played bass on the title track.
 For Funerals To Come... is a four-song EP released by Katatonia in 1995. It was re-released on vinyl together with Brave Murder Day by Century in 2009: 150 orange and 350 yellow. It was re-issued again by Peaceville Records in November 2011.
 Pretty Paper is a 1979 Christmas album recorded by country singer Willie Nelson. His title track had also been a hit Christmas song in 1963 when it was recorded by Roy Orbison. It was his last release in the 1970s.
 Truth Decay is an album by T-Bone Burnett released in 1980. It was his first solo release since 1972 and his first as T-Bone Burnett.
 Babasónica is the fourth album by Argentine rock group Babasónicos. The album has a heavier edge than their previous three being influenced by heavy metal with distorted riffs and guitar solos on many songs (Egocripta Demonomanía El Adversario).
 Arashi Single Collection 1999–2001 (嵐 Single Collection 1999-2001) is the first compilation album of the Japanese boy band Arashi. The album is also the first album of the group to be released under the J Storm record label. The album contains all of the singles the band released since their inception in 1999 to 2001 as well as several album tracks.
 Sogno (English: Dream) is the fifth studio album by Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli.The album sold 2.5 million copies in America and over 10 million copies worldwide. Bocelli was subsequently nominated for Best New Artist at the Grammys the first and so far only time a classical artist had been nominated in the category since 1961.
 Swing is a studio album released by The Manhattan Transfer in 1997 on the Atlantic Records label. This album is a collection of 1930's and 1940s swing music with The Manhattan Transfer's jazz twist.
 Unplugged is the first live album (third overall) by American recording artist Alicia Keys. It was recorded as part of the television program MTV Unplugged on July 4 2005 at the Brooklyn Academy of Music in Brooklyn New York City and released in the United States on October 11 2005 by J Records including songs from her multi-platinum albums Songs in A Minor and The Diary of Alicia Keys. The album debuted on the U.S.
 The Anthology (1993 Mercury Records) is a 2-disc set that contains previously released and unreleased material of Bachman–Turner Overdrive studio and live recordings. In addition the first two songs on Disc One are from BTO's precursor group Brave Belt.
 Diva is the debut solo album by the Scottish singer-songwriter Annie Lennox released in 1992. The album entered the UK album chart at no.1 and has since sold over 1.2 million copies in the UK alone being certified quadruple platinum. It was also a success in the U.S. where it was a top 30 hit and has been certified double platinum. Diva won Album of the Year at the 1993 Brit Awards and was nominated for Album of the Year at the Grammy Awards the same year.
 prEVOLVEr is a mixtape by American rapper T-Pain. The prequel to his album RevolveR was released on May 4 2011 for free download on the Nappy Boy website. The mixtape contained thirty tracks with guest appearances from Lil Wayne Birdman 2 Chainz Krizz Kaliko Bow Wow Mistah Fab Field Mob Brisco One Chance and others.
 Machine + Soul is the fourteenth studio album by musician Gary Numan released in 1992. It was a low point released primarily to help pay off debt and was the last of his efforts to make his music more radio-friendly. His subsequent work went in the much darker and more industrial direction that would revive his career.Numan's two previous studio albums 1988's Metal Rhythm and 1991's Outland had been released through IRS Records.
 Oz Factor is the second album by the San Diego-based punk rock band Unwritten Law released in 1996 by Epic Records. It established the band's presence in the prolific southern California punk rock scene of the mid-1990s. The songs Superman and Denied became minor hits on local rock radio stations. It was the band's last album with bassist John Bell who left the band following the supporting tours.The album was produced by Greg Graffin of Bad Religion.
 Victims of this Fallen World is the third album by the Canadian death metal band Kataklysm. It is the first Kataklysm album to feature Maurizio Iacono as frontman and lead vocalist. The album was eventually re-recorded in 2005.
 Never a Dull Moment is a 1972 album by rock musician Rod Stewart. It became a UK number-one album (for two weeks) and reached number two on the US Album chart the same year. The track You Wear It Well co-written by Stewart and classical guitarist Martin Quittenton was a smash hit (another UK No. 1; in US No.
 A Very StarKid Album contains several songs from the musical A Very Potter Sequel sequel to the Harry Potter parody musical A Very Potter Musical produced by StarKid Productions with music and lyrics by Darren Criss (who also starred in both musicals as Harry Potter) and book by Matt Lang Nick Lang and Brian Holden. The album features seven of the twelve songs from A Very Potter Sequel as well as tracks from others members of the group.
 Banyana - Children Of Africa is a Jazz album by South African artist Abdullah Ibrahim.
 When I Become Me is the debut album by Finnish pop/pop rock singer and season one Idols winner Hanna Pakarinen released in Finland by RCA on June 9 2004. Love Is Like A Song Pakarinen's number one hit Idols coronation song is featured as a bonus track on the album. A cover of the Bryan Adams song Heaven is featured on the album.The album debuted at number two on the Finnish albums chart and spent nine weeks inside the top three positions.
 7 Days of Funk is the eponymous debut studio album by California-based funk duo 7 Days of Funk (rapper-singer Snoopzilla—better known as Snoop Dogg—and modern-funk musician Dâm-Funk). The album was released on December 10 2013 by Stones Throw Records and is Snoop's first project with a single producer since his landmark 1993 debut album Doggystyle.
 Hate Malice Revenge is the debut album by American deathcore band All Shall Perish. Originally the album was distributed by the small Japanese label Amputated Vein and was then re-released by Nuclear Blast two years later.
 Burning Kingdom is the second EP by Bill Callahan (also known as Smog) released on Drag City in 1994 and later re-released in Europe on Domino. My Shell is an electric version of the 1991 single of the same name.This EP is the first of two collaborations between Callahan and the drummer Ron Burns as well as the beginning of his work with Cynthia Dall. She provided vocals to Renée Died 1:45.
 Spinnerette is the debut eponymous album from Spinnerette. It was released June 17 2009 through Anthem Records. On June 9 Spinnerette made the entire album available for listening on their MySpace page.
 Gracias a la Vida (subtitled Joan Baez canta en español) or Here's to Life: Joan Baez sings in Spanish was a 1974 studio album released by Joan Baez. It was performed mainly in the Spanish language (just one song in Catalan language). Baez stated at the time that she released the album as a message of hope to the Chileans suffering under Augusto Pinochet in the wake of the death of Salvador Allende.
 Glass Harp is the debut album by American rock band Glass Harp released in 1970 on Decca Records. It was produced by Lewis Merenstein and engineered by Ron Johnsen at Electric Lady Studios.
 TNT is the first album by the Norwegian heavy metal band TNT. It is their only album to feature Norwegian lyrics.In 1984 the first half of the album (side 1 on the original vinyl release) was re-recorded with English lyrics and released as an EP also named TNT. Bass player Steinar Eikum had been replaced by Morten Skaget (credited as Morty Black) for the English language recording. Two tracks would also reappear in English versions later with Tony Harnell on vocals.
 The Ceremonies is an EP by American indie rock band The Ceremonies. It was released on October 8 2013 in the United States.
 Melodrama is the first album by Israeli psychedelic trance duo Vibe Tribe released in November 2004. The audio mastering was made by Astral Projection member Lior Perlmutter and the artwork by Czech artist Jan Moravec. Originally the album was supposed to be called V.B.-3B.[1] and Rearranged was originally called Eye Cue.
 Demolition is the first full-length demo recorded by the thrash metal band Vektor. Although a self-released demo it is occasionally regarded as the band's first full-length album due to its 48-minute length. Moonbase is the only non-instrumental or interlude track without a revised version appearing on either of the band's first or second albums Black Future and Outer Isolation.
 Fight Test is an EP by The Flaming Lips featuring the song of the same name released on Warner Bros. Records in 2003. The single version of Fight Test was released on June 23 2003 peaking at #28 in the UK Singles Chart. The song is originally from the 2002 album Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots.It is an enhanced CD containing covers of Radiohead's Knives Out Kylie Minogue's Can't Get You out of My Head and Beck's The Golden Age. In addition the EP includes two original songs.
 All Things New is the thirteenth studio album from Christian singer Steven Curtis Chapman. It was released on September 21 2004 by Sparrow Records.In 2005 the album won the Grammy Award for Best Pop/Contemporary Gospel Album; unusually for Chapman however the album did not win the corresponding Dove Award that year (2005) although it had been nominated.The All Thing New concert tour in support of this project featured Casting Crowns and worship leader Chris Tomlin.
 Troubles of the Brain is the first EP by The Veils out on 24 January 2011 on Pitch Beast Records. Finn Andrews set up his own label to release The Veils first EP after leaving Rough Trade after almost 9 years. It was recorded at Finn Andrews home studio in London and produced by Andrews and Bernard Butler. The first single from the E.P was for The Stars Came Out Once the Lights Went Out.
 Stigmata is the second album by Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy. The album was Arch Enemy's first to see worldwide release in Europe and North America on Century Media Records and in Japan again on Toy's Factory records. Stigmata features session drummer Peter Wildoer who had also appeared in Christopher Amott's solo project Armageddon on the 1997 album Crossing the Rubicon shortly before the recording of the album.
 The Iceberg/Freedom Of Speech... Just Watch What You Say! is the third album by Ice-T.Released in 1989 the album has an uncharacteristically gritty sound featuring some of the darkest musical tracks that Ice-T ever released.
 Movies for the Blind is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Cage released by Eastern Conference Records on August 6 2002. The album peaked at #12 on the Heatseekers chart #14 on the Top Independent Albums chart #58 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and #193 on the Billboard 200. The movie poster seen on the album cover is a parody of the They Live poster.
 The Lustrate Process is the sixth studio album by Swedish death metal band The Project Hate MCMXCIX. It was released in July 2009 on the Dutch label Vic Records.
 Tribe of Heaven is a collaboration between Mark Roebuck and Dave Matthews recorded in 1989. Dave Matthews was a fellow bartender to Mark Roebuck and assisted Roebuck in writing and recording an entire album. Ten folk rock songs were recorded during the Tribe of Heaven sessions.
 Politics of the Business is the third album by American hip hop producer Prince Paul. This album is considered to be a concept album similar to A Prince Among Thieves. The concept for this album however is the concept of following-up a concept album that did not sell too well (that album being A Prince Among Thieves).
 Live at the Roxy is a live album by the American rock musician Bob Welch recorded in 1981 and released in 2004. Welch had been a member of Fleetwood Mac from 1971–74 and this album features appearances by many members of that band.Some releases omit 12 Bar Blues in A and some incorrectly list Remember Me as Don't You Think It's Time. This track originally featured on Fleetwood Mac's 1973 album Penguin.
 Snap It Up! Monster Hits 2 or Hits 12 is a compilation album forming part of the Hits Compilation series. It is the 12th volume in the long-running series. The double album was released in August 1990 and was the follow-up to Monster Hits released the previous year.The album reached #2 in the UK Top 20 Compilations Chart but was the first of the Hits albums not to achieve a BPI Platinum award.
 All I Want is the first solo studio album by The Reverb Junkie - producer moniker for musician Michelle Chamuel. The album was entirely self-produced and released by The Reverb Junkie on September 10 2013. The album peaked at #6 on the Billboard Dance/Electronic Albums Chart for the week of September 28 2013. A music video of the album's first track All I Want was released following the album's release.
 Bananas is the 17th studio album by English rock band Deep Purple released on 7 October 2003.This is the first Deep Purple album to feature Don Airey on the keyboards replacing founder member Jon Lord.
 Too Good to Stop Now is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Mickey Gilley (Mickey Leroy Gilley born March 9 1936) released in 1984 by Epic Records. The album peaked at #34 in the US country chart. The title track “Too Good to Stop Now” reached #4 in the US country chart and #1 in the Canadain country chart. Another single from the album “I’m the One Mama Warned You About” reached #10 in the country charts of both countries.
 By God was the third album released by Christian metal group Disciple in 2001. It was a dual-disc the second disc being a bonus disc for the buyer to give to someone who needs it.... The album has been remastered and re-released just like the last album (This Might Sting A Little). The cover was changed to a different style.
 A Long Time Coming is the first studio album by Emmy award-winning actor and comedian Wayne Brady. It was released on September 16 2008. It has also been noted for bringing back a more classic style of R&B music.[citation needed] It spawned one single Ordinary. It peaked at #183 on the Billboard 200 and #30 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart on October 4 2008 but five weeks later it went up on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums peaking at #20 and making a re-entry on the Billboard 200 at #157.
 Love Is What We Make It is the title of a 1985 album by Kenny Rogers released by Liberty Records. It is a collection of songs Rogers recorded between 1974 and 1983 that were rejected for his studio albums of that time. Love Is What We Make It was issued after he signed to RCA Nashville. Stranger in My Place is a 1974 recording with The First Edition an alternate of which was released on their last single.
 I Am Your Clock is a 1990 EP released by Lard. The one sided 12 was released with a limited edition of the album The Last Temptation of Reid. The track was later included with the CD version of the album.
 A Harvest of Gentle Clang is a 1966 LP by Patrick Sky dedicated by him to Buffy Sainte-Marie.
 Syzemology is the debut album by underground rapper King Syze. It was officially released on 30 May 2006.
 Creatures of Habit is a Rock album by Billy Squier that was released in 1991. It contains the singles She Goes Down and Facts of Life.This album marked a downturn in Billy's career when it only charted at #117 on the Billboard album chart selling less than 200000 copies in the United States.
 7752 is Italian jazz vocalist Chiara Civello's third album. 7752 is the distance in kilometers from New York City to Rio de Janeiro the two cities that provided the inspiration for this album. New York is where Civello lives while Rio changed Civello's life.
 Here Come The Horns is Delinquent Habits' second studio album.Music videos were made for This is LA Video and Here Come The Horns Video
 First Light's Freeze is an album by Castanets released in 2005.
 Last Drive is the first and only studio album by Eric Burdon's Fire Dept. released in 1980.
 Falls in the Dark is a self-released and independent first demo album by Thirteen Senses. It was released in 2003 and was engineered mixed and produced by Dare Mason.It contains three tracks originally from the No Other Life Is Attractive EP and other several songs later to be re-recorded for The Invitation its singles' B-sides and some other songs only available in this album.
 Misery Loves Co. is the debut and self-titled album by Misery Loves Co..
 The Tractors is the eponymous debut album of American country music band The Tractors. Released in August 1994 on Arista Records it set a record for becoming the fastest-selling debut album by a group to achieve Recording Industry Association of America platinum certification in the United States; by the end of the year it was certified double platinum and became the highest-selling country album of 1994.
 LIVE (All That Remains: Live) is a DVD released by the American metalcore band All That Remains. It was released October 30 2007.
 Frame & Canvas is an album released by Braid in 1998 on Polyvinyl.
 Honky's Ladder is an extended play single by the band The Afghan Whigs.
 Vagina Dancer is the second full length release by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts. It was released on September 30 2000 and features the more experimental noise recordings. At the time Fuck the Facts consisted only of Topon Das.
 Teenager is a 1996 album by Jane Siberry.It was her first release for Sheeba Records the independent label she established for herself after the end of her contract with Reprise Records. The album is composed of songs that Siberry had written as a teenager but had never subsequently released on record.
 Hollies Sing Hollies is the ninth studio album released in England by The Hollies. It was released in November 1969 by Parlophone their second album that year coming 6 months after an entire album of Bob Dylan covers.
 Wow and Flutter is an EP by the post-rock band Stereolab released in 1994. A limited edition of 3000 7 copies was released with hand-painted covers. Two of the tracks appear on Mars Audiac Quintet which was released the same year.
 VANILLA is the second EP from Japanese singer Eiko Shimamiya.
 More Jack than God is a Jack Bruce studio album produced 2003 by Kip Hanrahan. It was Bruce's second Kip Hanrahan-produced album.
 Cannibal Killers Live is a CD/DVD box set from the industrial metal band Static-X. It is the first time the band has released a live album and contains footage from a live performance in Spokane Washington. Cannibal Killers Live contains the entire library of the band's officially released videos and is accompanied by a CD that contains the audio for the Spokane concert. There was also a special edition of the set which was only attainable through Static-X's website.
 I Am Kurious Oranj is the eleventh studio album album by English art punk band The Fall. It was released in April 1988 through record label Beggars Banquet.
 Mundo guanaco is the first album released by the Argentine heavy metal band Almafuerte. This is the first album by Ricardo Iorio after the dissolution of Hermética. The song Buitres is dedicated to his former bandmates then members of Malón. The song El Amasijo de un gran sueno is in someway Ricardo Iorio's version about Hermetica dissolution and how this affect him. Mosts of the songs of this album would be part of a future album of Hermetica.
 The Tide is the debut album from post-hardcore band Oceana. It was released through Rise Records on March 4 2008.
 Power Play is the tenth studio album by the Canadian rock band April Wine released in 1982 (see 1982 in music).Music videos were made for the singles Enough Is Enough If You See Kay and Tell Me Why. Power Play failed to meet the critical acclaim of the band's previous album but the single Enough Is Enough managed to reach #50 on Billboard's Hot 100 spending 8 weeks on the chart. The album itself peaked at #37 on Billboard's 200 Album chart remaining there for 20 weeks.
 The Best of Cozy Powell is a collection of songs from Cozy Powell's solo works.
 Following the success of September's first single Cry for You Dancing in Orbit was released as September's debut album in the Netherlands and Belgium. The album is a mix of September's second and third albums In Orbit and Dancing Shoes respectively. It was released on 8 May 2008 in the Netherlands.
 Gitane is an album of duets on material associated with Django Reinhardt by bassist Charlie Haden and guitarist Christian Escoude recorded in 1978 and originally released on the All Life label.
 The Restitution Of Decayed Intelligence is a 12 vinyl by Coil which heavily references samples from The Remote Viewer.The vinyl was released in four versions as limited editions: 450 numbered copies were pressed on black vinyl. 50 numbered copies were pressed on black/white marbled vinyl for series subscribers. 100 'artist copies' were pressed on black/white marbled vinyl.
 Restoration Ruin is an album by Keith Jarrett on which he performs vocals guitar harmonica soprano saxophone recorder piano organ electric bass drums tambourine and sistra recorded and released on the Vortex label in 1968.
 The Observer is the second EP by the American band The Strokes. It was released in 2003 in both editions of the album Room on Fire.The EP contains five songs including three previously unreleased tracks.
 Come Saturday Morning was an LP album featuring The Sandpipers released by A&M Records in August 1970. The catalog numbers were SP 4262 in the United States and AMLS 99 in the United Kingdom. The album reached #96 on the Billboard charts.The title track was also issued as a single and reached #17 on the Billboard charts.
 Us Against the Crown is the first full-length LP from reggae-rock band State Radio headlined by former Dispatch vocalist Chad Urmston.
 All Fall Down is the third studio album by English post-punk band The Sound released in 1982 through record label WEA. After being pressured by their record label to release a more commercially successful album since their previous records failed to attract the attention of the public The Sound rebelled and recorded All Fall Down which has been called distinctly uncommercial. The album was poorly received by critics and led to the termination of The Sound's contract with WEA.
 On My Way to Absence is Damien Jurado's sixth full-length album. It was released in 2005 and was Jurado's second release on Secretly Canadian records. The album was produced by his frequent collaborator Eric Fisher. Jurado has referred to the album as a tribute to jealousy.
 My Blood is the sixth studio album by the Danish technical thrash metal band Artillery. It was released in 2011 on Metal Mind Productions. This is the last Artillery album recorded with drummer Carsten Nielsen who announced his departure from the band in April 2012.
 Talk About It EP is a single by former Deep Purple Black Sabbath and Trapeze vocalist/ bassist Glenn Hughes. It was released in 1997 on SPV and was taken from the album Addiction. It includes three previously unreleased live tracks.
 Making Things with Light is the third album by the Berkeley California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience released in 1990 by Lookout! Records. It was the band's first album to include bass player Aaron Rubin replacing former bassist Byron Stomatos.
 Pulse Demon is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. Unlike Venereology his previous album for Release this album is not inspired by heavy metal. Outtakes from this album are included on Merzmorphosis.
 Cockroach is a Danger Danger album released in 2001 as a 2 CD set. One CD features singer Ted Poley and the other CD features singer Paul Laine.The album was recorded in 1993 while Ted Poley was still the lead singer of the band. Shortly after finishing it Poley left the band and Paul Laine was hired as its new singer; he re-recorded the vocals in 1994. However Poley sued the band and the label prohibiting its release. Epic decided to shelve it and the band went on with their career.
 Educação Visual is the first album of Portuguese MC Valete. It was launched in the year 2002.
 Say It Is So is the fifth solo album by New Zealand singer/songwriter Tim Finn.After the release of Before & After Finn was left without a record company but with a lot of inspiration. He met producer Jay Joyce in Nashville TN in 1998 with whom he worked. No record company was interested in the album so he released it independently.
 Stablemates is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell recorded in 1977 and originally released on the Japanese label Discomate before being released on CD on the Candid label in 2006. The album's name comes from its first track a tune written by Benny Golson that first appeared on Golson's 1958 album Benny Golson and the Philadelphians. The album was also released on the budget Jazz America Marketing label as Last Dance.
 Missiles is the fourth full-length studio album by Canadian indie rock band The Dears which was released on October 20 2008 on Dangerbird Records in the United States and MapleMusic Recordings in Canada.
 Free at Last is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1969 and released on the ECM label. The album was the first release on the influential European jazz label.
 Pac-Man Fever is a 1982 concept album recorded by Buckner & Garcia. It is also the name of the first song on that album. Each song on the album is about a different classic arcade game and uses sound effects from that game. The album was released as an LP a cassette an 8-track tape and later completely re-recorded for CD release in 1999 and 2002.
 Más Allá del Sur is Argentine electrotango band Tanghetto's third studio album (or fourth if taken in consideration Hybrid Tango a side project). The album was released in November 2009.According to the band's website the album represents a move towards the roots of a more traditional tango while keeping the modern elements that are a trademark of Tanghetto.In 2010 the album received a Gardel Award nomination.
 Risqué is the third studio album by American R&B band Chic released on Atlantic Records in 1979 the same year that Bernard Edwards and Nile Rodgers wrote and produced Sister Sledge's massively successful We Are Family.Risqué includes three classic Chic hits; Good Times (#1 Pop #1 R&B June 23 1979 #5 UK) My Forbidden Lover (#33 R&B #43 Pop October 13 1979 #15 UK) and My Feet Keep Dancing (#42 R&B #101 Pop December 8 1979 #21 UK).
 Dusk and Void Became Alive is the fourth studio album by the band Die Verbannten Kinder Evas.
 The Mystical Gate of Reincarnation is an EP by Canadian death metal Kataklysm and contains their demo The Death Gate Cycle of Reincarnation and the bonus track The Orb of Uncreation.
 Them Firewater Boyz Vol. 1 is the title of the first full-length solo album released by David Banner. The album was released on independent label Big Face Entertainment in 2000 and featured such hip-hop rap artists as Pimp C Fiend Devin The Dude Kamikaze (Crooked Lettaz) Bone Crusher Polow (now Polow da Don) Young Bleed and Noreaga.
 Aranda is the first studio album of the Oklahoma band Aranda.
 Unweaving the Rainbow is a 2003 concept album by Frameshift.
 Overkill is the first EP recorded by thrash metal band Overkill released in 1984 on Azra/Metal Storm records. The EP is included on the !!!Fuck You!!! And Then Some compilation.All of the songs from this EP (except for The Answer) would be re-recorded for the band's future albums; Rotten to the Core and Overkill were re-recorded for Feel the Fire while Fatal If Swallowed was re-recorded for Taking Over.
 Country and West is the name of a Country music album by Country singer Dottie West released in 1970.This album was cleverly named Country and West. The album spawned one single which did make the Country Top 40 called It's Dawned on Me You're Gone. Most of the songs on this album are filled with heartbreak.
 L.O.V.Evil is the first album release of the Seattle-based Second Coming.
 Head East (also known as The Roadsign Album) is the title of the fourth studio album released by American hard rock band Head East. Released by A&M Records in February 1978 the album was the group's first to crack the Billboard 200 peaking at #78. The album also garnered the band's highest-charting single a cover of the Russ Ballard song Since You Been Gone which reached #46 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album has since been reissued on CD and as an MP3 download.
 A Portrait of Thelonious is a studio album by jazz pianist Bud Powell released on Columbia in 1965 featuring a session recorded at Studio Charlot in Paris on 17 December 1961 with Pierre Michelot on bass and Kenny Clarke on drums.
 Winds of Heaven Stuff of Earth is the third album by American singer/songwriter Rich Mullins released in 1988. The album received 31st place in the book CCM Presents: The 100 Greatest Albums in Christian Music (2001).Awesome God became a very popular contemporary worship song and received 1st place in the book CCM Presents: 100 Greatest Songs in Christian Music (2006).
 Born Free is American artist Kid Rock’s eighth studio album. It released on November 16 2010 with the title track being its lead single. The album is a rock and roll collaboration produced by Rick Rubin featuring several high profile artists such as T.I. Sheryl Crow and Bob Seger. This is Kid Rock's first album not to feature a Parental Advisory sticker. It is also described as a country music album. Kid Rock described it as very organic blues-based rock and roll.
 Night After Night is a live double album by Nils Lofgren released in 1977. It was his fourth solo album.
 Live from London is an album from R.E.M. that was released only on iTunes on March 26 2008. It is one of several releases in the Live from London series.
 Diamonds in the Rough is the second studio album by American country/folk singer-songwriter John Prine released in 1972.
 Honeyburst is the second studio album by Danish singer-songwriter Tim Christensen released on 1 September 2003 on CD and vinyl. The vinyl edition of the album was re-released through the record label Parlophone on April 19 2014.
 Who's Gonna Fill Their Shoes is the 45th studio album by American country music artist George Jones released in 1985 on the Epic Records label. A music video has been made for the album's title track.
 One on One is a smooth jazz crossover jazz studio album by Bob James and Earl Klugh. This album earned the two artists the Grammy award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance in 1981. In May 1982 the album was certified gold in the United States.
 Attitude is the third and final album by the post-punk band Rip Rig + Panic released in 1983 through Virgin Records.
 Eek-A-Nomics is the ninth studio album by Jamaican reggae artist Eek-A-Mouse.
 Lament For The Numb is a 1993 album by New Zealand singer-songwriter Dave Dobbyn and a one-off group known as The Stone People. The Stone People consisted of Dobbyn himself on the guitar piano and as the lead vocalist album producer Mitchell Froom on the keyboard Bruce Thomas on the bass guitar and Pete Thomas on the drums and as the percussionist. The album was recorded and mixed by Tchad Blake at the Sunset Sound Factory in Hollywood.
 Rufus Does Judy at Carnegie Hall is the sixth album (and first live album) by the Canadian-American singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright released through Geffen Records in December 2007. The album consists of live recordings from his sold-out June 14–15 2006 tribute concerts at Carnegie Hall to the legendary American actress and singer Judy Garland.
 D. Boon and Friends is a music CD compiling various jam session and live recordings featuring Minutemen guitarist and frontman D. Boon. The album is the inaugural release of the Hermosa Beach California-based label Box-O-Plenty Records started by Boon's one-time roommate Richard Derrick.
 Man and Goat Alike is a mini-album by the English rock band b.l.o.w.. It was the band's first proper release with the earlier Legalise It EP only being issued to the fan club the band inherited from the disbanded Little Angels.
 Angel Coma is a split album by Sunn O))) and Earth featuring material reminiscent of the Black One and Hex sessions. It was released on a respective tour of theirs in 2005 limited to 2000 copies. The Earth track A Plague of Angels later appeared on their album Hibernaculum.
 Classic Albums: Nirvana – Nevermind is a documentary DVD released by Eagle Vision in March 2005 as part of the Classic Albums series. It features interviews specifically for this release with members of the band and Nevermind album producer Butch Vig about the recording of the album. Other interview highlights include Thurston Moore from Sonic Youth and Steve Diggle from the Buzzcocks.
 Songbook is the first album from Auckland band The Nudie Suits. It was recorded between 1999 – 2000 on a Fostex R8 8-track recorder in St. Kevins Arcade Auckland.
 Twacky Cats released by Comfort Stand Records in 2004 is an EP by American electronic musician Dan Deacon. Each song explores a different style. Arms Saloon is a sampled based piece drawing samples from the works of Buddy Holly and Deacon's signature FM modulated sine waves dominating it. Lion With A Sharks Head is a hi-tempo absurdist song about various animals in a jungle.
 Horizon (styled as HORIZON) is pop/rock group Remioromen's third full length album released on May 17 2006. The disc contains 12 songs.
 Die Knowing is the fifth studio album by Canadian hardcore punk band Comeback Kid. It was released on March 4 2014.
 Separation Anxieties is a 2000 album by 12 Rods. It was the band's third full length album.
 Korol i Shut (King and Jester Russian: Король и Шут) — the second album of the Russian rock group «Korol i Shut» released in 1996. It is an overwritten and small non-officially released album in 1994 «Be a traveler at home». In 2000 he was again reissued under its original name.
 In Triumph is the fifth album by Swedish rock band The Quill.
 Good Faith is the eighth studio album by the Canadian guitarist Rik Emmett released in 2003.The album touches on different musical styles including; reggae smooth jazz swing music folk classical music and country music.
 Rastaman Vibration is a reggae album by Bob Marley & The Wailers released on 30 April 1976. The album was a great success in the USA becoming the first (and only) Bob Marley release to reach the top 10 on the Billboard 200 charts (peaking at number 8) in addition to releasing Marley's most popular US single Roots Rock Reggae the only Marley single to reach the Billboard Hot 100 charts peaking at No. 51.
 Super Tasty was the second album by Gumball and first major label full length release. It was released in 1993 and greeted by generally positive reviews. Three singles Accelerator The Damage Done and Real Gone Deal received airplay on alternative radio and 120 Minutes. The album also features Dinosaur Jr's J Mascis on 2 tracks. It is genuinely considered Gumball's finest recording.
 ...And Six Dark Hours Pass is an LP by the American industrial band ATelecine released in 2010 by Dais Records.It was recorded and mixed at the Gayblade and NTBH Sounds and limited to 500 hand-numbered copies.
 Calm Down Juanita is the eponymous first album by psychedelic rock group Calm Down Juanita released in 1998 through Echo Records. The album was recorded entirely at the Fremont House in Seattle Washington on 4-track cassette.
 Chandelier is Rachael Sage's eighth album released in 2008.
 River Disturbance is a 1994 album by the Christian speed/thrash metal band Deliverance. This album was originally intended to be combined with Camelot in Smithereens. Disputes with the record label led to the album being split into two separate releases.
 Sayin' It With Love is a Contemporary Christian Music album by Steve Camp and was released by Myrrh Records in 1978. This was Camp's first Christian album (he had previously recorded a secular album on CBS Records in 1975).
 Never Say Never is the name of former Small Faces and Faces keyboardist Ian McLagan's seventh album released on February 28 2008 on McLagan's own Maniac Records. McLagan has been sporadically working on the album since before recording and releasing Spiritual Boy his tribute album to fellow Small Faces and Faces band mate Ronnie Lane.
 Demolition Plot J-7 is the second extended play by American indie rock band Pavement released in 1990. The EP was the band's first release on Chicago independent label Drag City and its first release that was not self-issued.
 To the Limit is the fifth studio album by British singer-songwriter Joan Armatrading released in September 1978 by A&M (AMLH64732).
 From The Depths is the debut full length album from British Progressive Death Metal band Karybdis. It was recorded in 2011 at Parlour Studios mixed and mastered by Russ Russell it was released in July 2012 digitally and is scheduled to be released in physical form on November 21 2012.
 Los de atrás vienen conmigo (English: The Ones Behind Are Coming with Me) is the third studio album by Puerto Rican alternative rap band Calle 13 and was released on October 21 2008 by Sony Music Latin. This album is a bit more colorful than the previous although dark humor continues to be the tone. The album has a fusion of rhythms the band discovered during their visits to several countries. They fuse rhythms of 'cumbia villera' native to Argentina and rhythms of Balkan music.
 I'm Fine is singer-songwriter Patty Larkin's second album. Produced in 1987 and distributed by Philo Records it contained the following songs:
 Four & More Recorded Live In Concert is a live album by Miles Davis recorded at the Philharmonic Hall of Lincoln Center New York City NY on February 12 1964 but not released until 1966. Two albums were assembled from the concert recording: the up-tempo pieces were issued on this album while My Funny Valentine consists of the slow and medium-tempo numbers.
 The Pariah the Parrot the Delusion is the fourth studio album by American alternative rock band Dredg released on June 9 2009 on Ohlone Recordings.
 Danger Money is the second album by the group U.K. featuring John Wetton Eddie Jobson and Terry Bozzio. It was released by E.G. Records / Polydor in March 1979. The Only Thing She Needs Caesar's Palace Blues and Carrying No Cross had been performed on tour throughout 1978 (and an early version of Carrying No Cross included what became the intro to the title track) by the band's original line-up with Bill Bruford and Allan Holdsworth.
 Awit Para Sa'yo is the first studio album by Filipino singer Erik Santos released on August 12 2011 by Star Records in the Philippines in CD and cassette format and in digital download through iTunes and Amazon.com. It consists of twelve tracks including eight original OPM compositions and four OPM cover songs including Richard Reynoso's hit Paminsan-minsan.
 Shady Grove is a 1969 album by Quicksilver Messenger Service.Nicky Hopkins the English journeyman pianist who appears on albums by Jeff Beck The Rolling Stones The Who all four of The Beatles and Steve Miller joined the group for this album. Hopkins' influence is felt throughout Shady Grove and his contributions pushed the group in new directions.
 Radiant is the third studio album by Atlantic Starr. This collection featured the hit single When Love Calls and the quiet storm staples Send For Me and Am I Dreaming.Keith Sweat's group Ol' Skool covered the song in 1998 featuring Sweat and R&B girl group Xscape on their eponymous debut album and Xscape's Traces of My Lipstick.
 Ayumi Hamasaki Stadium Tour 2002 A DVD was released on January 29 2003 the same day as Ayumi Hamasaki Arena Tour 2002 A was also released.
 Trance is the debut EP by Australian band Virgin Black. It was an independently funded and released three track EP. It was later re-released as a bonus disk on a 2002 re-pressing of Sombre Romantic.
 Swingin' For The Fences was the first album by the supergroup Gordon Goodwin's Big Phat Band. Released in 2001 the album quickly became one of the most popular jazz albums of the last 20 years[citation needed]. The album features many acclaimed players and soloists.
 Thunderbox is the seventh studio album by English rock group Humble Pie released in 1974. It reached #52 on the Billboard 200 album chart in the United States.
 The Dark Side of the Moonnezz is the sixth studio album by Neapolitan parody singer-songwriter Tony Tammaro. It is the last after a long break for studio recording of eight years during which the singer performed in tours.
 Thrills & Chills was the second album released by American guitarist Neil Zaza.
 I Am The Messer is the second studio album by American rock band Killola released in 2008. The album was freeleased as a completely free downloadable album. This was made possible through a digital distribution agreement/partnership with New York/San Francisco-based digilabel True Anthem and sponsorhips with DW Drums and Skullcandy. The record was offered via an embeddable web 'widget' allowing the free-download mechanism to spread virally throughout the internet.
 Pink Strat is the debut album from Canadian musician Bahamas. It was nominated for both a Juno and a Polaris Music Prize in 2010.
 The Search Party Never Came EP by Vanna is the band's second release and their Epitaph Records debut. It was released on June 6 2006. The band decided to part ways with original lead vocalist Joe Bragel during the recording process of this album in February 2006. An alternate version of That Champagne Feeling which was put onto Epitaph's Winter 2006 Sampler was recorded with Joe Bragel prior to his departure.
 Speak is the debut studio album by American recording artist and actress Lindsay Lohan. It was released in the United States on December 7 2004 by Casablanca Records. The album was the first high-seller from Casablanca Records in several years selling 1000000 units in the United States.
 Cherish is the debut solo album by American singer David Cassidy produced by Wes Farrell and released by Bell Records in early 1972.
 Seasons Bleedings is an EP by Holy Grail released in 2011 under Prosthetic Records.
 Totentag is an electronic opera and the twenty-ninth album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 1994. This is the seventh and last of the early-1990s Klaus Schulze albums not to be reissued by Revisited Records. Totentag was released after Schulze's Silver Edition 10-disc CD box set technically making this album his thirty-ninth.
 Bloodlines is the second studio album from American heavy metal band Howl. The album is set for release in Germany and Benelux on April 26 2013 in the rest of Europe on April 29 and in North America on April 30 under Relapse Records. The album was produced by Chris Zeuss Harris and recorded in early 2012 at Planet Z studio in Hadley Massachusetts.
 Run It Up the Flagpole is the second full length album from Pop Punk group Farewell. It was released on September 1 2009 on Epitaph Records.
 Halfbird is an album by Deerhoof. It was released as their third LP by Menlo Park Records in 2001.
 WOW Gospel 2006 is a gospel music compilation album from the WOW series. Released on January 31 2006 it comprises thirty-two songs on a double disc album. The release reached 20 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2006 the highest peak of any of the WOW Gospel series thus far and made number one on the Top Gospel Albums chart. The album cover pays tribute to Chicago Illinois.In 2006 the album was certified as gold in the US by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 Document and Eyewitness is a live album by the post-punk band Wire. It marked the end of the first period of Wire's activity and the end of their association with EMI. The Notre Dame Hall show records Wire after the tour to support 154 tired of playing the same old songs and continually moving forward. Of the seven songs three were never recorded in-studio by Wire and the rest were captured as B-sides and other ephemeral recordings.
 Regret Over the Wires is an album by Matthew Ryan released September 23 2003 by Hybrid Recordings.
 Live at Billy Bob's Texas is Stoney LaRue's first live album. They are one of many bands to record a Live at Billy Bob's Texas album at the Fort Worth honky-tonk. It was originally released in September 2005 as a limited edition CD/DVD combo. It was re-released in 2006 with the full track listing. The album included one new song Love You For Loving Me as well as six cover songs.
 GLAMunition is the third album by the Norwegian modern musician Åge Sten Nilsen. It is his first album in nine years to feature all-new material and his first to spawn a physical single. The album was released under his birth name Åge Sten Nilsen but the album title GLAMunition features GLAM in it which is his stagename when he's playing with his glam metal band Wig Wam. On June 27 the album and Wolf & Butterfly was released in Japan through King Records.
 Jerky Boys 2 is the second comedy album released by prank call artists the Jerky Boys. The album was released in 1994 and was the final Jerky Boys album released on the Select Records label distributed by Atlantic Records. It went Platinum as well as the first album. This album was also nominated for a Grammy Award at the 1995's Grammy's for Best Comedy Album but lost to Sam Kinison's Live From Hell.
 Des Wahnsinns Fette Beute (Fat Booty of Madness) is the eleventh album from the German band Oomph!. It was described by the band as being a big change from their normal Gothic and industrial type of music. This made it highly anticipated from the fan base and German rock music community. The album has had one single released so far entitled Zwei Schritte Vor (Two Steps Forward) which was released May 4 2012.
 Eloquence is a 1965 live album by Oscar Peterson. Eloquence was the Oscar Peterson trio's last album with drummer Ed Thigpen.
 One Hell of a Ride is four-disc box set by country singer Willie Nelson released on April 1 2008.
 Whitecross is the eponymous debut album from the Christian metal band Whitecross released on September 5 1987. It reached #17 on Billboard's Top Contemporary Christian Albums chart. In 2010 HM Magazine listed Whitecross #29 on its Top 100 Christian Rock Albums of All Time list stating that listen to this album. It’ll blow your mind.
 Audio Entertainment is the second and final studio album by rap duo Tag Team. The album was released on August 4 1995 on Bellmark Records and Life Records and was produced by Steve Roll'n and DC the Brain Supreme. After the huge success of the duo's previous album Audio Entertainment was a critical and commercial failure not making it to any album charts.
 Sentir Venezolano (Venezuelan feeling) is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan llanero singer Ángel Custodio Loyola released and recorded in 1974.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by The Notorious B.I.G. The album was released on March 6 2007 by Bad Boy Records three days before the 10th anniversary of his death. The album does not contain many of the Notorious B.I.G.'s biggest hits: Mo Money Mo Problems Going Back to Cali Player's Anthem and Sky's the Limit.Greatest Hits debuted on the U.S. Billboard 200 at number one in the issue dated March 14 2007 with 100000 copies sold in its first week of release.
 Donkey Show is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show which was first released in July 2006. It is a triple disc CD which represents original material recorded during their syndicated daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.
 Better Never Than Late is an album by New Zealand band The Exponents released in 1997. The album reached #3 on the New Zealand music chartsand initial copies were released with a bonus live CD. The Album was made available digitally in May 2013.
 Days You Remember is the first studio album from South African electronic music producer and composer Jason van Wyk released November 7 2013. The album was recorded between 2011-2013 and is composed entirely of new instrumental work without any previously released singles. It marks the first release on van Wyk's own independent record label White Notebook.
 Shironamhin Shironamhin (Bengali: শিরোনামহীন শিরোনামহীন; Śirōnāmahīn Śirōnāmahīn English: Untitled as Always) is the fifth album by Bengali psychedelic rock band Shironamhin. Siren a concern of Incursion Music record label released the album in 19 July 2013 and digitally distributed by Qinetic Music.This is the fifth studio album in self-titled of the band. This album is a collection of ten tracks which is selected from twenty-five tracks.
 The First Cut Is the Deepest is the second studio album by Canadian rapper Michie Mee released in 2000 on Koch Records. The single Don't Wanna Be Your Slave featuring Esthero was nominated for Best Rap Recording at the 2000 Juno Awards.
 Looking Back is a Leon Russell solo album. Released in 1973 shortly after the success of his single Tightrope it contains instrumental tracks that were recorded in the mid-1960s featuring Russell on harpsichord. Neither the record nor album sleeve give writing credits for any of the songs. There was briefly a CD reissue in 1991 on the Japanese Jimco label with three bonus tracks.
 Lie to Me is the second studio album by American blues guitarist Jonny Lang released on January 28 1997. This is Lang's big-label debut released a day before he turned 16. This is after the independently-released Smokin released in 1995.
 Divine Revolution is the first Studio Album by Russian metal band Dominia.
 Bohemia After Dark is an album by jazz drummer Kenny Clarke featuring the earliest recordings by Cannonball Adderley and Nat Adderley produced for the Savoy label.
 Live in Cuba is the first live DVD of the American rock supergroup Audioslave containing footage of the free concert that the band performed in Cuba in front of over 70000 people. The concert itself is considered to be an historical event as it marks the first time in Cuban history that an American rock band has been permitted to perform within the country. The DVD features the show itself and also a 37 minute documentary based on the band and their time spent in Cuba.
 In Store Jam is the second compilation album released by British funk/acid jazz band Jamiroquai. Released as a promotional album in 1997 the record features a selection of tracks from all three of the group's early studio albums as well as an additional live recording of Kool & the Gang's Hollywood Swinging. All of the tracks from the album have or been considered to become singles. The album was only released in the United States.
 The Right Combination is Curtis Mayfield’s 1980 collaboration with disco singer Linda Clifford. Originally released on Curtom it was recorded in Chicago except It's lovin' time recorded in Philadelphia. The album was produced by Curtis Mayfield and Gil Askey except “Ain't No Love Lost” solely by Mayfield and “It's Lovin' Time (Your Baby's Home)” by Curtis Mayfield Norman Harris and Bruce Gray.
 Provincial Road 222 is an EP by Canadian musician John K. Samson released on September 21 2010. The second in a series of EPs thematically inspired by roads in Samson's home province of Manitoba the disc is named for Manitoba Provincial Road 222 which links the towns of Gimli and Riverton.The song Petition takes the form of an online petition to induct Reggie Leach a native of Riverton into the Hockey Hall of Fame.
 Under the Sign of Hell is the third studio album by Norwegian black metal band Gorgoroth. Recorded in 1996 and released on 20 October 1997 it was their first full album with vocalist Pest though he had done half the tracks on the previous album Antichrist.
 Hard Bop is an album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers recorded in 1956 and originally released on the Columbia label.
 Jennifer Paige is the debut album by Jennifer Paige released in 1998. It launched her only international chart topping single Crush. The song Somewhere Someday was covered by 'N Sync for 1998's Pokémon: The First Movie soundtrack.
 Feeding the Monkies At Ma Maison is a studio album by Frank Zappa released posthumously in 2011 by The Zappa Family Trust on Zappa Records.
 Mr. Brooks...A Better Tomorrow is the second studio album by Jamaican artist Mavado. The album was recorded during 2008 and 2009. It features tracks such as So Special Overcome So Blessed On The Rock and Money Changer. The album had no featured artists unlike his previous album Gangsta for Life: The Symphony of David Brooks which was released in 2007.
 Jazzfeezy Presents: Unveiling the Rapture is the debut studio album by record producer Jazzfeezy. Unveiling the Rapture features August Andreena Millz Burna Red Shortz Phax Emerson Brooks Regular Robb Drew James Daxflow Steve Major Dean Gray Black Swiss Deshay GreyMr. Ranking C. Jay Bass Line and Darnel Morgan. Also with co-production from his mentors T-Minus and Boi-1da.
 Loops and Reels is an album by Peter Hammill originally released on cassette on the Sofa Sound label (catalog number SS4) in June 1983. On the back cover it says: Two songs two dance pieces four near instrumentals. It was re-released on CD in 1993 (with added subtitle Analogue Experiments 1980-1983) on Hammill's own Fie! label with remastering done by Hammill.
 Ready to Roll is the sixth album by Thelma Houston released in 1978 on Motown Records. Unlike some of the singles on her previous album The Devil in Me Ready to Roll's singles Midnight Mona I Wanna Start My Life All Over Again Can't We Try and Am I Expecting Too Much did not receive much radio play.
 Sounds from the Gathering is the second full-length studio album by the band Cobweb Strange and was released in October 1998. Unlike their first album The Temptation of Successive Hours which only had one international single multiple songs from Sounds from the Gathering received radio airplay internationally.
 For the album by Paul Brandt see This Time Around (Paul Brandt album).This Time Around was released in 2000 and is the fifth album by American pop rock group Hanson. Although Hanson had several albums in between This Time Around is their first standard studio release since 1997s Middle of Nowhere.This Time Around didn't have the commercial success of its predecessor Middle of Nowhere.
 Psychobilly band Demented Are Go's 12 single.
 Flip Your Wig is the fourth album by the American punk rock band Hüsker Dü. It was the band's first self-produced album and its last release on SST Records. Bob Mould has stated that he views Flip Your Wig as the best album Hüsker Dü ever did. The band spent more time on the recording process than on their previous albums and upon release it became the best-selling record on SST up to that point.
 Corazón Salvaje (English Wild Heart) is the 2nd compilation album by Mexican pop singer Mijares. Sometimes it's considered as a normal studio album but this is a misconception because it has the song Corazón Salvaje; that is the only new song and the rest are Mijares' greatest hits.
 Delta Machine is the thirteenth studio album by English electronic music band Depeche Mode released on 22 March 2013 by Columbia Records and Mute Records. Recorded in 2012 in Santa Barbara California and New York City the album was produced by Ben Hillier and mixed by Flood.
 The Very Best of Impellitteri: Faster Than the Speed of Light (2002) is a compilation album by Impellitteri containing tracks from Stand In Line (1988) up to System X (2002) as well as unreleased songs.
 Humanize Human is the fifth and final album by French metal band Massacra. It was released in 1995.
 Alone / But Never Alone is an album by Larry Carlton released in 1986.
 Blue Earth is an album by the American alternative country and rock band The Jayhawks released in 1989.
 Tribute to Earth Wind and Fire is a tribute album to the R&B band Earth Wind & Fire by Jazz artist Lenny White's Lenny White Project. Recorded on Feb 22 1998 the album was released on Jul 27 2004 on Trauma Records and was produced by both Dave Burrell Lenny White and executively produced by Kaz Hori.
 Koss City is the fourth album by French musician Lord Kossity released in 2002 on the label Naïve Records.
 The Secret Is Out is the eighth overall album of gospel singer Vanessa Bell Armstrong and first under the banner of major gospel label Verity Records. This largely traditional release produced entirely by John P. Kee revisited several signature songs from Armstrong's early career such as Peace Be Still Faith That Conquers and Nobody But Jesus. The latter was covered by singer Kelly Price with Bell Armstrong as a duetting guest.
 Frank is the eighth studio album by New Wave group Squeeze released in 1989. The album received some positive reviews but sold poorly and Squeeze was quickly dropped by the new management at A&M Records. Forced to take offers from different major labels for the first time in their career the band soon signed with Reprise Records and began working on their next studio album Play.
 Happiness: The Best of Michael Rose is a 2004 studio album by Jamaican reggae singer Michael Rose.
 While We Were Waiting is the first studio album by Canadian country music singer/songwriter Jason Blaine. The album was released on independent record label Jay Bird Music on July 26 2005. Icon Records re-released the album on June 24 2006.
 The Shadow (released 1990 in Oslo Norway on the KKV label - FXCD93) is an album by Norwegian pianist Ketil Bjørnstad featuring Randi Stene.
 Revolution is the title of the tenth album by The Dubliners. It was their second to be produced by Phil Coulter. This was a landmark in their career. Their sound had developed and Coulter as well as playing piano on the record had brought in other instrumentalists as well. The album featured Scorn Not His Simplicity a song that Coulter had composed about his own son who had Down's syndrome as well as a poem penned by Luke Kelly entitled For What Died The Sons Of Róisín?.
 Crimebusters + Crossed Wires: Stories from This American Life is a compilation album featuring radio broadcasts from This American Life. The two-disc set contains contributions by Ira Glass David Sedaris and Sarah Vowell.
 The Taker/Tulsa is a 1971 album by Waylon Jennings. The album includes covers of several Kris Kristofferson songs.
 White Shoes was a 1983 Emmylou Harris album composed of an eclectic collection of material. A rockish version of Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend a country remake of the Donna Summer hit On the Radio and a version of Sandy Denny's Like an Old Fashioned Waltz were all included. Both In My Dreams and Pledging My Love hit the #9 position on the Billboard Magazine country music singles chart in 1984.
 Mystica is the second and final studio album by the British Gothic metal band The Blood Divine.
 Skeptics Apocalypse is the debut album from the US speed metal band Agent Steel. It was recorded in Los Angeles California and mastered at Frankort Wayne Studios by Tom Coyne. The album was released by Combat Records in June 1985 and reissued in 1999 by Century Media.
 Kiss This World Goodbye is a 1978 album by R&B group Mtume. This was their debut album on the Epic Records label as well as the first album featuring vocals by Tawatha Agee.
 Chief is the third studio album by American country music recording artist Eric Church. It was released on July 26 2011 via EMI Nashville. The album produced five singles including the first two Number One singles of his career on the Hot Country Songs chart: Drink in My Hand and Springsteen two additional Top Tens on the country chart: Creepin' and Like Jesus Does as well as the top 20 country hit Homeboy.
 Omens is the fourth studio album by American electronic duo 3OH!3. The album was released on June 18 2013. The album debuted at number 81 on The Billboard 200 selling 5423 copies in its first week.
 Expression is an album by jazz saxophonist John Coltrane. The title track was Coltrane's last studio recording[citation needed]; the rest of the album was recorded at about the same time as Interstellar Space. To Be features Coltrane on flute the only recording he made on the instrument for an entire track.[citation needed] Expression was the last studio album to be approved for release by Coltrane before his death in July 1967 and was released in September 1967.
 Planet 4 2 is the solo debut studio album by Latvian recording artist Lauris Reiniks. It was released on June 5 2002 by Platforma Records.
 Communication is a 1971 R&B album recorded by Bobby Womack. It reached No. 5 on the Billboard R&B chart and No. 20 on the Billboard Jazz Chart in 1972. It included the hit single That's The Way I Feel About Cha which charted at No. 2 on the Billboard R&B Singles chart and No. 27 on the Billboard pop chart.
 Won't Be Blue Anymore is the fifth studio album by country music artist Dan Seals. It has been his most successful album to date; the only one to reach #1 on the Top Country Albums chart. The album featured some of Seals most popular songs including Bop and Meet Me In Montana a duet with Marie Osmond. These and the third single Everything That Glitters (Is Not Gold) all reached #1 on the Hot Country Songs chart.
 Blacktronic Science is the third solo album by former Parliament-Funkadelic keyboardist Bernie Worrell. The album was released by Gramavision records in 1993 and was produced by Bill Laswell and Bernie Worrell. The album represents a P-Funk reunion of sorts as it features guest appearances by George Clinton bassist Bootsy Collins trombonist Fred Wesley saxophonist Maceo Parker and P-Funk vocalist Gary Cooper.
 Groove Blues is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1958 and released on the Prestige label. The album was recorded at the same session that produced The Big Sound.
 Close-Up Vol. 1 Love Songs is the eighth studio album release by New York-based singer/songwriter and musician Suzanne Vega.
 Crawl is the second EP by the U.S. punk band Laughing Hyenas released in 1992 through Touch and Go Records.
 The Sawblade EP is an EP by hip-hop duo Gangrene prior to their debut album Gutter Water. The EP consists of 4 non-album tracks as well as the instrumentals. True to its name the vinyl die is cut to the likeness of a circular saw blade.
 Tentacles is the debut album by the band Crystal Antlers. It was released via Touch and Go Records on April 7 2009 in the USA and a day earlier in the UK. Tentacles marked the final new release on Touch and Go for the foreseeable future after the label decided to downsize its operations significantly.The album was met with a generally positive reception by critics attaining a score of 71% from the reviews collated by Metacritic.
 From the Summersteps website:
 Dungeon Master of Ceremonies is the fourth album by hip hop artist mc chris. The album had a set of tracks that also did not make the cut and most of the tracks were later released on MC Chris's MySpace and forums.[citation needed] The title is a reference to the Dungeon Master the referee of the game Dungeons & Dragons. The other reference is Master of Ceremonies (MC) which is a commonly used name for rappers.
 Oh Me Oh My (full title Oh Me Oh My...The Way the Day Goes By the Sun Is Setting Dogs Are Dreaming Lovesongs of the Christmas Spirit) is the second album by Devendra Banhart. Its name was taken from the lyrics of one of Banhart's earliest songs Sunrise (A Long Time Ago). It was the first release by Devendra on Young God Records and it came out on October 28 2002.
 Live in London is a live concert video by April Wine filmed at the Hammersmith Odeon in London England on January 27 1981. This video was first released in 1981 on VHS and BETA format by Thorn EMI and also on Pioneer Laserdisc in co-operation with Capitol Records and Aquarius Records Canada.
 Hotel Lights (album) is the debut album of Hotel Lights a pop/indie group. It was released in 2006.
 Dreamhunter is the third studio album by the Swedish hard rock band Treat released in 1987.During the recording of the album drummer Leif Sundin left the band and was replaced by Jamie Borger. The band had only minor success with the album but nevertheless managed to join the Monsters of Rock Tour 1988 in support of it.
 Marionettes is the debut EP by Australian Hardcore band Mary Jane Kelly.
 Gloriana is the self-titled debut album of the American country music group Gloriana. It was released on August 4 2009 via Emblem Music Group with Warner Bros. Records Nashville serving as distributor. The album debuted at position number 3 on US Billboard 200 and number 2 on Billboard Country Albums.
 Smashes Thrashes & Hits is a greatest hits album by the American hard rock band Kiss. It was the third hits album overall but the second album released by the band in the United States (Killers was not released in the United States originally). Of the 15 songs on the album two were new compositions and three were released after the band's unmasking in 1983. The remaining ten were all released during the band's years in makeup.
 Strummin' with the Devil: The Southern Side of Van Halen is a tribute album released on June 6 2006. It features artists (including original Van Halen frontman David Lee Roth) performing covers of Van Halen songs of the Roth era done in bluegrass style music. Roth appeared on several late night talkshows to promote the album.
 Treasures from the Trash Heap is a tour-only album by indie rock band Elf Power. The album only available from the band at their performances on the initial Back to the Web tour is a collection of unreleased demos and live songs as well as cover versions of songs by bands such as R.E.M. The Olivia Tremor Control and the Byrds.
 The Million Colour Revolution is an album by The Pinker Tones released in 2006. Karma Hunters and Sonido Total feature in Forza Motorsport 2. Sonido Total also features in a number of films television shows and advertisements. In Pea We Nuts features in Project Gotham Racing 4.
 18 Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits compilation album by German singer Sandra released in 1992.This greatest hits was released in the fall of 1992. Sandra recorded a new version of the song Johnny Wanna Live previously released on the Paintings in Yellow album. The song co-written by Frank Peterson and later redone by his then-girlfriend Sarah Brightman for her album Dive was an anthem against cruelty to animals.
 The Difference Engine is the second album from stoner rock band Beaver. Released on Elegy Records in 1997 it is now out of print.
 Blowing in the Wind is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Cadet label in 1966 and performed by Donaldson with Herman Foster Sam Jones Leo Morris and Richard Landrum.
 Themes From A Rainy Decade is the first solo album released by Richard Bennett after decades of work as a studio musician and producer contributing to thousands of recordings for other artists.In the liner notes to the CD Mark Knopfler writes: For almost ten years now I've felt very lucky having Richard Bennett as a pal and as a member of the band.
 Los Profesionales (The Professionals) was the sixth album recorded by vallenato singer Diomedes Diaz in 1979 featuring accordion player Colacho Mendoza.
 The 2005 Philips boxed set Swingle Singers is a compilation of all eleven of the Paris-based Swingle Singers' recordings made for Philips between 1963 and 1972. Ten of the eleven disks included in this boxed set had also been re-issued previously by Philips (Emarcy) in five two-fer compilation sets over the preceding five years.
 Do You Be is the sixth album by Meredith Monk released in January 1987 through ECM New Series.
 Primarily Jazz is an album (LP Vinyl) released by the Fullerton College Jazz Band for the Discovery Records Trend AM-PM label it was the third release in as many years.
 Fabric 37 is a 2007 album by Steve Bug. The album was released as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 Based on a True Story is the third studio album by Paddy Milner and was released on 28 May 2007. Recorded in Denmark and London mixed in Italy it is a truly international affair and the album is said to be Paddy's best yet. The album includes the rarely covered Beatles classic Hey Bulldog and a characteristically quirky reworking of the Violent Femmes' Blister in the Sun.To promote the album several launch parties were organised both in London and in Dorset where Paddy grew up.
 We're the Brotherhood of Man is the second album by British pop group The Brotherhood of Man in their early incarnation on Deram Records.The album was released in April 1972 two years after their first album and it included the singles Reach Out Your Hand and You and I. Although Reach Out Your Hand was a top 100 hit in the US none of the group's singles around this time had charted in the UK.
 On Stage On Screen is a live DVD recording by The Stranglers of their concert at Shepherd's Bush London on 10 December 2004. The performance comprised an acoustic set the premiere of the short film Norfolk Coast (starring Jean Jacques Burnel) and the live set.
 Heaven is Whenever is the fifth studio album by The Hold Steady. It was released May 4 2010 on Vagrant Records in the U.S. and May 3 2010 on Rough Trade in Europe. The album's first single Hurricane J premiered on Pitchfork Media on March 22 2010. Regarding the album's lyrical content vocalist and guitarist Craig Finn states that: I kept saying Stay Positive was a record about trying to age gracefully. This record I think actually was us aging gracefully.
 Liverpool Cult Classics Unearthed – Volume Two is the second in a series of three volumes from the Viper Label of rare and unreleased songs by famous and not so famous Liverpool bands. Volume Two was released in 2001 and includes tracks by The Teardrop Explodes Deaf School and The Onset.
 Walk the Line is a 1992 album released by former Supremes member Mary Wilson on the independent CEO Records label.The album was Wilson's first solo album to be released since her debut album Mary Wilson in 1979 on Motown Records. Wilson had began work on a second solo album in 1980 working with English record producer Gus Dudgeon. Dudgeon had produced 4 tracks for the album but Motown dropped Wilson from the label before the album was completed.
 K.I.D.S. is the second EP recorded by The Tiny Masters Of Today. The EP was released as a 7 vinyl record and is also available in MP3 format. Australian visual artist Ben Frost designed the album cover for K.I.D.S.
 Introducing Sparks is the seventh album by Sparks released in 1977. The release was their second and final album for Columbia Records. At the time of its release it was a commercial failure and received very negative reviews claiming that the band had adopted a new 'American sound' despite the fact that the Mael brothers are indeed Americans.
 Breaking Up Gray Skies is the debut album from singer Zayra Alvarez. Her surname does not appear on the cover for the release.
 Facts of Life: The Soul of Bobby Womack is a Grammy-nominated tribute album dedicated to Bobby Womack. It was recorded By Soul singer-songwriter Calvin Richardson.In 2009 Richardson was chosen to record the album to coincide with Womack's induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. It peaked at #30 on the US R&B chart.
 G-Stone Book is a DJ mix album mixed by Kruder & Dorfmeister. It was released on February 1 2002 on G-Stone Recordings.
 I've Got So Much to Give is the self-produced debut album by American R&B singer Barry White released in 1973 on the 20th Century label.
 Santana is the third studio album by Santana. The band's second self-titled album it is often referred to as III to distinguish it from the band's 1969 debut album. The album was also known as Man with an Outstretched Hand. It was the third and last album by the Woodstock-era lineup and it was also considered by many to be the band's peak commercially and musically as subsequent releases aimed towards more experimental jazz and Latin music.
 Stitches (2003) is the second album by New York band The Boggs.
 New Found Power is the only studio album released by the short-lived American metal band Damageplan. New Found Power was also the original name of the band but was changed prior to the album's release. The record sold 44676 copies in its first week to debut at number 38 on the Billboard 200.
 Debby Boone is an eponymous 1979 album by Debby Boone and her third solo studio album for Warner Bros./Curb. Unlike Boone's previous two albums 1977's You Light Up My Life (No. 6 Pop No. 6 Country) and 1978's Midstream (No. 147 Pop) this album did not reach any Billboard album chart.The album featured two singles My Heart Has a Mind of Its Own (No. 11 Country) and Breakin' in a Brand New Broken Heart (No.
 Sublime to the Ridiculous is the only studio album album by the British hard rock band Sheer Greed released in 1992 in Japan.
 South is the fifth album by Ego Likeness and is the first in their Compass EP series. It was self-released in 2007 and was available for purchase only at tour locations or through their website. Only 300 copies were pressed and were individually numbered and autographed. According to the official website the album is sold out but the songs are to be rereleased at a later date.
 Merry Go Round is the fourth studio album by the latin hip hop band Delinquent Habits.
 Picture of Perfect Youth is a limited CD and vinyl collection of approximately half of Feeder's B-sides. The official website sold out of the CD edition though the album was re-released in March 2007. The vinyl edition remained available to buy until the last of the stock sold out in late 2005.The compilation was released with little fanfare the only single appearing on it being 2001's Just a Day.
 Welcome to Carcass Cuntry is a country metal album by Jeffrey Walker of the metal band Carcass. The instrumentation is performed by notable heavy metal musicians including Faith No More’s Billy Gould H.I.M.‘s Ville Valo Anathema’s Danny Cavanagh and Carcass members Bill Steer and Ken Owen. The album cover is by Larry Welz the creator of Cherry.
 Naked Raccoon is an Acoustic Album by American indie rock band Silent Old Mtns released on June 19 2013. It is a companion album to Silent Old Mtns' previous record Velvet Raccoon marking the one year anniversary of its release. The album contains all of the tracks from Velvet Raccoon performed acoustically supplemented by poetry inspired by the album.
 Tell Me What You Know is the fifth studio album and seventh overall album from Christian singer-songwriter Sara Groves and it released on November 6 2007 by INO Records. The producer on the album is Brown Bannister. This release became critically acclaimed and commercially successful.
 African Violet is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell which features arrangements by McKinley Mitchell recorded and released on the Impulse! label in 1977.
 Shit-Hot is an album by L'amourder a pseudonym for Sielun Veljet. It contains re-recorded versions of their songs translated into English.
 Another Day is a 1970 album by Oscar Peterson.
 Inventing Myself is the fourth studio album by Australian-New Zealand recording artist Stan Walker. It was released on 25 October 2013 by Sony Music Australia. It is Walker's first album to be released exclusively in New Zealand. The album was preceded by the singles Take It Easy Bulletproof and Inventing Myself.
 Wisemen Approaching is the first album by the Wu-Tang Clan-affiliated American rap group Wisemen released in 2007 on Babygrande Records.
 Forever and Ever is the third self-produced album by singer/songwriter/producer David Choi. It was released in the US on October 25 2011 and reached #2 in the singer/songwriter category on iTunes. The album also reached No. 13 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart.Choi finished a USA/Canada tour in support of the album beginning in February 2012 and ending in April 2012.
 Absolutely the Best is a compilation album by American folk singer Odetta originally released in 2000.The focus of the material are the songs Odetta performed when recording for the Tradition label — 11 tracks from Odetta Sings Ballads and Blues and seven from At the Gate of Horn.
 Le più belle canzoni italiane interpretate da Mina is a compilation album by Italian singer Mina released in 1968.The album was composed by the same tracks of 1969 album I discorsi (except for the songs E se domani and La musica è finita replaced by I discorsi and La canzone di Marinella).
 Chasm is the first album by the industrial band Delta-S originally released in March 2005 as Chasm Volume 0 on WindM Records. It was later re-released as Chasm Volume 1 in May that same year.
 Don't Lose Control is a live album by American jazz pianist Don Pullen and saxophonist George Adams recorded in 1979 for the Italian Soul Note label.
 Nine High a Pallet is the first studio album by brute. a band based in Athens Georgia USA which was a collaboration band between the guitarist Vic Chesnutt and members of Widespread Panic.The first-known grouping of Chesnutt with the members of the band was at John Keane's studio in Athens where Nine High a Pallet was recorded. The first official live performance by the band was in January 1995.
 Etherlibrium is the debut album by rapper/producer Ron Browz which was released on July 20 2010.
 Out Where the Bright Lights Are Glowing was the twelfth studio album of Country music artist Ronnie Milsap. It was released in 1981 under the RCA Records label. The album produced one single Am I Losing You which was a #1 hit for Milsap. The album is a tribute to the late Jim Reeves and all songs are covers of Reeves songs except for two new tunes which were written about Reeves specifically for this project.
 A Letter from Death Row is the debut solo album by Bret Michaels the lead singer of the rock band Poison. The album was released August 25 1998 and is a soundtrack to the movie A Letter from Death Row which Bret Michaels wrote directed and starred in.Max T. Barnes worked as an engineer on the project which also featured guest musicians including Poison band members.
 Grave New World is an album by hardcore punk band Discharge released in 1986 by Clay Records. It is perhaps the band's most controversial album as it saw the band turn towards heavy metal with slower tempos and a heavier higher-quality sound in the recording. The band broke up shortly after its release.
 Muse Breaks is the debut album of J.Viewz. It was released on the Swedish label Deeplay Music in April 2005.This album has been released worldwide by Deeplay Music (Sweden). Just before its release the trance duo Infected Mushroom released a remix of Muse Breaks on their album IM the Supervisor. This album sold close to 90000 copies and made the remix a dancefloor hit.[citation needed]
 Don't Be Fooled by the Name is the second studio album by British glam rock band Geordie. Mick Rock was responsible for the cover art and photography.
 Message in the Music is a 1976 album by American R&B group The O'Jays
 Poem ballader och lite blues (English: Poems ballads and a little blues) is the sixth studio album by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk.All songs from this album were newly recorded in 2007 by other artists as a homage to Vreeswijk.
 Solo Concerts: Bremen/Lausanne is a recording released through ECM by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett performing solo improvisations recorded in Bremen and Lausanne in 1973. Originally released as a 3-LP album it is the first of Jarrett's live solo performances to be released on ECM following his studio-based debut solo recording Facing You (1971) and preceding his record breaking Köln Concert (1975).
 This Is the Day...This Is the Hour...This Is This! is the second album by UK band Pop Will Eat Itself. The album did well in the UK going at number #24 for two weeks in the UK Charts it also went at number #169 in the Billboard charts for six weeks.
 Lifehouse Elements is a single CD sampler of the 6 CD Box Set The Lifehouse Chronicles released by Pete Townshend in 2000. The song New Song is not found in the box set. The CD was released 23 May 2000 in the US by Redline Entertainment.Pete Townshend had started the Lifehouse project in 1971.Some of this material ended up on The Who's albums such as Who's Next Quadrophenia Odds & Sods The Who By Numbers and Who Are You.
 More Than You Think You Are released on November 19 2002 is the third album from the American rock band Matchbox Twenty. Although not as commercially successful as the band's two earlier records (Yourself or Someone Like You and Mad Season) it had a large radio presence and produced three consecutive singles in the US. It is also their last album with rhythm guitarist Adam Gaynor who left the band in 2005.
 Coyote is the fifth album by Matt Mays released on September 42012. It debuted at #7 on the Canadian Albums Chart.
 Hit & Run is a 2009 EP by Canadian power-pop quartet Sloan.
 Where Country Grows is the second studio album by American country music artist Ashton Shepherd. It was released on July 12 2011 via MCA Nashville. The album's first single Look It Up reached the Top 20 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. The title track was released as the album's second single in July 2011.
 Absorber is the second studio album by the German techno and electro project of the munich based DJ and producer Florian Senfter a.k.a. Zombie Nation. It was released at 1 September 2003 on his self-founded Record Label Dekathlon Records.
 The Big To-Do is the eighth studio album (tenth total) by the alternative country band Drive-By Truckers released on March 16 2010. It is their first album released on ATO Records which they signed to after completing their four album deal with New West Records. The Big To-Do marks the seventh Drive-By Truckers album produced by David Barbe.
 The Astral Sleep is the second album from Tiamat. It marks their debut on longtime label Century Media Records. This album was reissued in 2006 with two tracks from A Winter Shadow single released in 1990.
 History: is a compilation album by Grime rapper JME released on 13 February 2011. It was released independently on Boy Better Know Records. It charted at number 162 on the UK Albums Chart.
 The Awakening is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in 1970 for the Impulse! label.
 Opera Noir is the sixth studio album by Austrian heavy metal band Stahlhammer released on March 31 2006. The album follows the Stahlhammer tradition with cover songs of David Bowie's Heroes/Helden and Phil Collins's In The Air Tonight.
 Country & Western – Golden Hits is a studio album recorded and released in 1959 by U. S. entertainer Connie Francis.The album is a tribute to the great Country music stars of the era such as Hank Williams and Don Gibson.The album was re-packaged with a new cover design and re-released in March 1962.
 Palabra de mujer is the second studio album by Spanish recording artist Mónica Naranjo. The album was released on May 27 1997 by Sony Music.
 Break the News is the third studio album by the Swedish singer Darin. It was released on 22 November 2006 in Sweden. The album reached the top of the Swedish Album Charts. Four singles were released from the album in Sweden with an additional track charting from promotion. This is the first Darin album to be released internationally being released in Germany on 28 September 2007 with an altered track listing.
 Judo for the Blind is the debut EP of noise rock band Tragic Mulatto released in 1984 through Alternative Tentacles.
 Dialogues (released October 11 2010 by the label Ponca Jazz Records - PNJRCD 118) is an studio album with piano duets by Ivar Antonsen and Vigleik Storaas.
 High Society is a 1956 soundtrack album featuring Bing Crosby Frank Sinatra Louis Armstrong and Grace Kelly. This was Crosby's fifth LP album and his first recorded for Capitol Records.
 Girl Talk is the third album by English singer-songwriter Kate Nash. Nash self-released the album under Have 10p Records along with Fontana in March 2013 after she raised money for the album on PledgeMusic. Girl Talk has received mixed to positive reviews from critics. Featuring a heavier rock-influenced sound the album is a noticeable departure from her first two indie pop albums. Lyrically it draws a lot of influence from the riot grrrl movement.
 Bad Habits was an album released by Australian artist Billy Field in 1981. It spent 2 weeks at the top of the Australian album charts in 1981.
 Welcome To Haiti: Creole 101 is the fifth studio album released by Haitian rapper Wyclef Jean. The album was released on October 5 2004. The album is a contrast to Jean's previous albums as many of the track are Caribbean-influenced and sung in different languages. President was the only single released from the album. The album's tracklisting differs between the United States and Europe. The album's lyrics have political themes.
 Buster Goes Berserk is the second album from Buster Poindexter an alter ego of singer David Johansen. It features his backing band The Banshees of Blue aided by The Uptown Horns. Released in 1989 the album continued the lounge rock style of its predecessor Buster Poindexter in covering rhythm 'n' blues songs of the '40s and '50s.
 Nightlife is the third EP released by Phantogram. It was released 1 November 2011 however it was also sold at their shows before the official release date. The first single from the album Don't Move was released 5 October 2011 on Pitchfork. They released the album for full streaming on their Facebook page October 18.
 HK119 is the debut eponymous solo album from Finnish multimedia artist and singer-songwriter Heidi Kilpeläinen performing under her alter ego HK119.
 Ultimate Best Of is the Telex's compilation of 22 songs released in 2009 by EMI.
 The Woman I Am is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Kellie Pickler. It was released on November 11 2013 via Black River Entertainment. The album includes the singles Someone Somewhere Tonight Little Bit Gypsy and Closer to Nowhere.
 XIII is the 12th full-length album by the German heavy metal band Rage and the Lingua Mortis Orchestra. It was released in 1998.
 New 80s Musik is the debut album of British singer Jack Lucien. It did not chart in the United Kingdom and briefly appeared on the charts in France and Spain.According to ASCAP all songs were written or co-written by Lucien.
 Kylie is the debut album by Australian singer Kylie Minogue released by PWL on 4 July 1988. The album was produced by Stock Aitken and Waterman who also wrote nine of the ten tracks on the album. Most of the album's composition is dance-pop music with strong teen pop and bubblegum pop influences. The album contains a few ballads namely Je Ne Sais Pas Pourquoi It's No Secret I'll Still Be Loving You and I Miss You.
 Nosy is the second studio album by the Portuguese singer Gomo and it is his first work since his debut in 2004. It was released in 2009 in Portugal. The album failed to chart on Acharts Portugal.com however it became more successful digitally. Final Stroke was the first single taken from the album.
 Dystopia is the second studio album by Canadian deathcore band Beneath the Massacre. It was released on October 28 2008 through Prosthetic Records.The song Never More is a re-recorded version of the track of the same name found on their first EP Evidence of Inequity. It was last album with longtime guitarist Eric Jarrin.
 Too Much Fun! is the ninth studio album by psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders released on July 13 1999 through Rounder Records.
 Unplugged is the third live album and overall the fifth album by the Pakistani progressive rock band Mizraab released in January 2012. It is exclusively a digital download live album and has not been released on a physical medium. The album included recordings from the band's live performances at the V-Sel Outlet in April 2011. The live performances were recorded for the television program MTV Pakistan Unplugged but unfortunately the program never got aired on television.
 Bodily Functions is a 2001 album released by electronic musician Herbert. It was released by !K7 Records in 2001 to positive critical reception.
 Made In Switzerland is a live video and album release by Gotthard. It was released worldwide in 2006 as a combined DVD and CD package.The concert was filmed and recorded at the Hallenstadion in Zürich Switzerland on December 8 2005 as part of the bands Lipservice tour.
 1996-10-24 Frank Erwin Center University of Texas Austin TX is a live album by Dave Matthews Band and is the eleventh volume in the band's DMBlive series of download-only concert recordings. (The releases are not given unique album titles.) The album was recorded at the Frank Erwin Center in Austin Texas on October 24 1996.
 Crossing is an album by American world music/jazz group Oregon featuring Ralph Towner Paul McCandless Glen Moore and Collin Walcott recorded in 1984 and released on the ECM label.
 Spectral Worship is an album by the American indie band Guv'ner. It was released by Merge Records in 1998. The album features a cover of Jealous Guy by John Lennon re-titled Jealous Girl as it is sung by Pumpkin Wentzel.
 So Girls (SO 女 So Nyeo) is the second mini album by the South Korean girl group Rainbow. It was released in South Korea on April 8 2011 with To Me as the title track. A repackaged version of the EP was released in June 22 2011 with the song Sweet Dream as the title track.
 Dai Hakken (大発見 ; literally great discovery) is the fifth studio album by Japanese rock band Tokyo Jihen released on June 29 2011 in Japan through EMI Music Japan and Virgin Music. The album was produced by the band and Japanese recording engineer Uni Inoue.
 Infinity is the debut album by English acid house musician Guru Josh. It was released in the United Kingdom in July 1990 by BMG Victor Inc The album features the single Infinity which was released in December 1989 which reached number 5 in the UK Singles Chart on 24 February 1990.
 Downward Is Heavenward is the fourth and final studio album by the Champaign Illinois post-hardcore band Hum. It was released on January 27 1998 by RCA Records.
 In Conflict is the fourth full-length album by Canadian indie rock artist Owen Pallett scheduled to release on May 27 2014 on Domino Records and Secret City Records. The album features English ambient musician Brian Eno who plays guitar and synthesizers as well as providing vocals. It will be released as heavyweight vinyl and CD. It was recorded by Mark Lawson.
 Elton John and Tim Rice's Aida is a 1999 concept album that contains songs from but predates the main production of the 2000 musical Aida.With music by Elton John and lyrics by Tim Rice the album features Elton John performing the songs along with pop stars Sting LeAnn Rimes Tina Turner Angelique Kidjo Spice Girls Janet Jackson Boyz II Men Shania Twain Lenny Kravitz James Taylor Lulu Kelly Price and Dru Hill.
 Mina canta Napoli is a compilation album by Italian singer Mina issued by Italdisc in 1966.Actually the album was entitled Canta Napoli - 20 Successi 20 and was composed of 20 tracks 8 of which were sung by Mina (but it was the first time they were collected in an album except 'Na sera 'e maggio and Sciummo).
 Billboard Top Hits: 1978 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1991 featuring 10 hit recordings from 1978.The track lineup includes just four songs that reached the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart the fewest of any of Rhino's Billboard compilations issued to date. The remaining six songs each reached the top 10 on the Hot 100.
 Strålande jul is a 2009 very successful joint album by Sissel Kyrkjebø and Odd Nordstoga credited as the duo Sissel & Odd (or Sissel og Odd as on the album cover).
 GEM is the third album from Beni Arashiro on label Avex Trax. This album has 2 versions: a CD-only version and a CD+DVD version. The DVD contains all of the promoting videos and a CECIL McBEE trailer. This was the last studio album Beni Arashiro released before she switched to label Universal Music Japan and her stage name to BENI.The album charted on the #114 on the Oricon charts.
 Arthur Alexander was a 1972 album released by Arthur Alexander.
 Runaljod – Gap Var Ginnunga (Sound of Runes - The Gap Was Yawning) is the first album by the Norwegian folk group Wardruna. It was released in 2009.
 Mi-Mort is the first release by Current 93 and is a split with Nurse with Wound. It contains one track by Current 93 and four tracks by Nurse with Wound. It was released as a cassette in 1983 and was reissued in 1984 1985 and 1986.
 Dog Poison is an album by San Francisco-based garage rock band Thee Oh Sees. It was released on September 28 2009.
 The Moment (New Song + Collection) is Singaporean Mandopop artist Stefanie Sun's (Chinese: 孫燕姿) first Mandarin compilation album. It was released on 22 August 2003 by Warner Music Taiwan in a 2CD format. The album features seven new songs in CD one and 15 previously released tracks in CD two from her debut album Yan Zi Self-Title Album in 2000 to the 5th album To Be Continued... in 2003. It was released to mark her one-year break before the release of Sun's 6th album Stefanie Self-Title Album.
 Saint Lu is the debut album by the Austrian singer-songwriter Luise Gruber better known as Saint Lu. It features collaborations with the guitarist Peter Weihe. The album was critically acclaimed but failed to chart higher than #30 in Austria.
 George Harrison is the eponymous eighth studio album by George Harrison. It was recorded and released during a period of domestic happiness in which Harrison married Olivia Trinidad Arias and his son Dhani was born.
 Glory is the second studio album under BEC Recordings by the Christian hip hop artist Manafest. In 2007 the album was nominated for a GMA Dove Award in the category Rap/Hip Hop Album of the Year.
 Soundtrack for the Voices in My Head: Volume 02 is the second production-based (fourth overall) album by the American electronic rock artist Celldweller. It is the second album in the Soundtrack for the Voices in My Head series.
 The Kingston Trio is The Kingston Trio's debut album released in 1958 (see 1958 in music). It entered the album charts in late October 1958 where it resided for nearly four years spending one week at #1 in early 1959. It was awarded an RIAA gold album on January 19 1961.
 Salaam Alekum Bastard is an album by Muslimgauze. It was released in a limited edition of approximately 1850 copies.
 Gothika Vampyrika Heretika is the fourth solo studio album by Italian extreme metal vocalist Alessandro Nunziati (a.k.a. Lord Vampyr) released on 21 September 2013. The album continues the industrial/gothic sonority started with 2010's Horror Masterpiece.A teaser 7 single containing the track Lamia was released on 22 July 2013.
 Love It Love It is the debut studio album by American indie folk group Nana Grizol. It was released by Orange Twin Records in 2008.
 Live at the Bimhuis Set 1 & 2 is a 2005 live album by jazz trumpeter Dave Douglas. The album was recorded at the Bimhuis in Amsterdam and released by Greenleaf Music.
 Scat Paradise (スキャット天国) is a Scatman John EP released only in Japan. It features the song Hey You! a rarity previously only available as the B-side to the Song of Scatland single and later remixed and re-released as U-Turn on the Everybody Jam! album. Jazzology is an ode to the history of jazz and musicians that have inspired the Scatman.
 The Movement is the second solo studio album by Wu-Tang Clan member Inspectah Deck. A departure from Uncontrolled Substance's darker soul-inspired sound The Movement is more upbeat and expressive. According to Inspectah Deck Uncontrolled Substance was just me as an ill lyricist wanting to put an album out. I just wanted to be heard. The Movement is like is me behind the scenes behind everything. I'm doing ... everything. All the credits got Inspectah Deck on it this time.
 Band of Brothers is the third studio album by American heavy metal supergroup Hellyeah. The album was released on July 17 2012 under record label Eleven Seven Music. Two singles from the album have been released so far; War In Me was released on April 3 2012 and title track Band of Brothers was released on May 8 2012.
 Nothing to Lose is Eddie Money's seventh album released in 1988. The top-ten hit Walk on Water featured a guest appearance from original band member Jimmy Lyon on lead guitar.
 Joyrex J4 EP is an EP by Richard D. James under the alias Caustic Window. The release is a 12 inch vinyl and has been pressed with both yellow and black labels.All tracks except Popcorn were later re-released on the album Compilation.
 His 12 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Neil Diamond issued in 1974 on the MCA record label. As the title suggests it contains twelve songs from Neil's catalogue.The album contains songs from his tenure with Uni Records from 1969 to 1972. After Neil had signed to Columbia Records his earlier works were reissued on MCA Records which was the parent company of Uni Records which had folded in the early 1970s.
 Boombox (subtitled The Remix Album 2000–2008) is a remix album by Australian pop singer Kylie Minogue released by Parlophone on 5 January 2009. The album contains remixes produced between 2000 and 2008 including a remix of the previously unreleased title track Boombox.
 All Saints is the debut studio album by British girl band All Saints. It was released on 24 November 1997 by London Records. All Saints worked with several producers on the album; mainly Cameron McVey John Benson Johnny Douglas Karl K-Gee Gordon Magnus Fiennes Nellee Hooper Karen Gibbs and Neville Henry.
 For God and Country is the debut album by the Santa Cruz California-based hardcore punk band Good Riddance released February 7 1995 through Fat Wreck Chords.
 Sim e Não (Yes and No) is the fifth album released by Brazilian band Nando Reis e os Infernais. Two songs from the album were inspired by people close to Nando Reis: Sim e Não (inspired by his ex-girlfriend Nani) and Espatódea (inspired by his daughter Zoe).
 R&B singer Jesse Powell's fourth album Jesse released in 2003 on Riviera Records.
 360 Degrees Of Billy Paul is an album by soul singer Billy Paul. It was arranged by Bobby Martin Lenny Pakula and Norman Harris. Released in 1972 includes the Grammy Award winning number-one pop and soul single Me and Mrs. Jones.
 Several Shades of Why is the debut solo studio album by Dinosaur Jr frontman J Mascis released March 15 2011 on Sub Pop Records.
 Brothers-4 is an album by organist Don Patterson with saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label. The album features guitarist Grant Green who was credited as Blue Grant for contractual reasons being then signed to Blue Note Records. The 2001 CD release added an additional 6 bonus tracks recorded at the same session but issued on other albums.
 East Jesus is a collection of material Lee Ranaldo recorded between 1981 and 1991. It was released on Atavistic Records. Tracks 2 5 8 and 10 are pieces that appeared on the CD version of his first LP From Here to Infinity or slight re-edits of that material. The rest of the collection ranges from obscure compilations and 7 releases or previously unreleased material.
 Terra Brasilis (#42 US JAZZ Albums 1980) is the eleventh album by Antonio Carlos Jobim. It was released in 1980.
 Lost Pearls is a collection of out-takes recorded by the rock band Wishbone Ash between 1978 and 1982 released in 2004.
 Play is Australian/British classical band Bond's fourth studio album. It was released on June 26 2011. The album's release was revealed in an interview with Tania Davis in the Birmingham Mail in which Davis stated that the band were then currently working on their next studio album. She also noted that the album would have gypsy folk and Eastern European influences.
 Landscape is a live 1979 jazz album by saxophonist Art Pepper playing with George Cables Tony Dumas and Billy Higgins.The album was recorded at Shiba Yubin Chokin Hall Tokyo.
 Paper Moon was recorded by the Dave Brubeck Quartet at Coast Recorders in San Francisco California. The record was released in September 1981 by Concord Jazz a subsidiary of Concord Records. It was produced by Russell Gloyd and engineered by Ron Davis and Phil Edwards. On this recording pianist Dave Brubeck is accompanied by his son Chris Brubeck on the bass and bass trombone with Jerry Bergonzi on tenor sax and Randy Jones on the drums.
 Useless Trinkets: B-Sides Soundtracks Rarities and Unreleased 1996–2006 is a rarities compilation to celebrate the tenth anniversary of rock band Eels featuring a live performance DVD from Lollapalooza 2006 behind-the-scenes photos and commentary by Mark Oliver Everett.
 High Contrast Confidential is the fourth album and the second double album from the Welsh drum and bass producer High Contrast released on April 27 2009 on the Hospital Records label. It is an assortment of handpicked songs he has written in the past. The first disc includes a premium selection of singles from his previous three albums but the second disc includes some of his remixes from the past.The Album Art contains aspects of High Contrast's previous albums.
 Black Roses is the seventh studio album by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus which was released on 29 September 2008 in the UK. In Germany the album was released on 26 September and in the Nordic countries two days before. The album immediately replaced Metallica's Death Magnetic on the top spot of the Finnish Album Charts and went gold after one week. Estimated of 350000 copies of albums sold worldwide as of late 2009.
 Johnny's Blues: A Tribute To Johnny Cash is a 2003 compilation album released by Northern Blues Music of blues-oriented songs made popular by Johnny Cash sung by various Canadian and American performers.
 Savior Sorrow (also recognized as SaVIor Sorrow in the development stages of the album) is the sixth studio album release and the follow-up to 2003's XIII by the Cleveland Ohio based industrial metal band Mushroomhead. It is their first release through Megaforce Records. This is the first Mushroomhead recording to feature Waylon Reavis on vocals who replaced Jason J Mann Popson.
 Tsugi no Ashiato (次の足跡 The Next Footsteps) is the fifth studio album by Japanese idol girl group AKB48. It is the second AKB48 double-album and was released in Japan on January 22 2014 by King Records. It debuted at number one in the weekly Oricon Albums Chart selling over 960000 copies. On February 6 the album became AKB48's second successive album to sell over one million copies.
 Nattens madrigal – Aatte hymne til ulven i manden (Madrigal of the Night – Eight Hymns to the Wolf in Man) is the third studio album by Norwegian band Ulver. It is a concept album about a man who through the efforts of Satan succumbs to lycanthropy and the beast within.
 Greatest Hits Live is a Live album by Earth Wind & Fire released in 1996 on Rhino Records. It was also released as Plugged In and Live on Maurice White's Kalimba Records.
 Live in Poland is a live album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz' band Pigpen recorded in 1994 and originally released as an audio companion with the magazine Jazz à Go-Go but later released on the Cavity Search label.
 And Then Came Chet Atkins is a live album by guitarist Chet Atkins released in 1979.
 Red vs. Blue: Revelation (originally named Resolutions) is the eighth season of the action-comedy machinima series Red vs. Blue by Rooster Teeth Productions. This season marks the end of the Recollection trilogy which began with the sixth season Red vs. Blue: Reconstruction and was continued in the seventh season Red vs. Blue: Recreation though not the series as a whole. The season premiered on April 1 2010 the anniversary of the first episode of Red vs. Blue.
 Time Gentlemen Please is a studio album released in 2009 by Martin Gordon on Radiant Future Records.
 MoonBabies is the second studio album by instrumental rock/progressive metal supergroup Planet X released in 2002 (see release history) through Inside Out Music.
 Dead to Me is the debut album by Northern Irish band Girls Names. It was released on 25 April 2011 by Tough Love in Europe and Slumberland Records in the USA.
 Armed Love is an album by The (International) Noise Conspiracy released in 2004.
 Snake Eyes is second studio album by rapper Killa Tay in 2000.
 Jumping Into the World is Korean singer BoA's first mini-album released in South Korea in March 2001. It consists of eight new tracks plus six English and Chinese language versions of some her songs. In Korea the album was titled Don't Start Now. Chart peak:15 monthly in Korea72 best selling album of 2001 in Korea
 CSN is a Crosby Stills & Nash album released in 1977 the fifth album by the group the second by the trio configuration and the first without Neil Young since his entry into the band. It peaked at #2 on the Billboard Top Pop Albums chart; two singles taken from the album Nash's Just A Song Before I Go and Stills' Fair Game peaked at #7 and #43 respectively on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Ponder the Mystery is the fourth studio album by William Shatner. It was released October 8 2013 in the US by Cleopatra Records. The album was produced by Billy Sherwood who also composed the music and performs vocals drums bass guitars and keys while many noted musicians also guest including Tony Kaye.
 Color of Her Eyes is a 1990 EP by the Gear Daddies. The song Color of Her Eyes is also on their full-length album Billy's Live Bait.
 The Capitol Albums Volume 1 is a box set compilation comprising The Beatles' 1964 American Capitol Records releases. The set which features the first official stereo versions of a number of tracks on compact disc was released in late 2004.
 3 is the first self-produced full-length album by Uzbekistani/Russian alternative rock band All Tomorrow's Parties. It was self-released on 8 July 2013 as a download via a pay-what-you-want model.The album was produced and mastered in Tashkent by a fellow musician and a home studio owner Alexey Polyakov. It was acclaimed by the fans and experts and helped the band attract more listeners.
 Leaving Through the Window is the major label debut album by rock band Something Corporate released on May 7 2002 by Drive-Thru Records and MCA. The album includes three songs from the band's 2001 EP Audioboxer (Punk Rock Princess If You C Jordan and Hurricane) as well as re-recordings of three songs from their 2000 self-released album Ready... Break (Cavanaugh Park Straw Dog and Drunk Girl).
 Paris is a 1991 album recorded by French artist Marc Lavoine. It was his fourth studio album and his fifth album overall. It provided three singles which achieved moderate success on the French Singles Chart : Paris (#28) L'Amour de 30 secondes (#32) and Ça m'est égal (#41). The album earned a Gold certification awarded by the SNEP and was ranked on the chart for eight weeks peaking at #35 in its third and fifth weeks.
 Naive is the third and last album of synthpop/post-punk band Dalek I Love You that time also credited as Dalek I as in the 1980 debut album Compass Kumpas. It was released only on cassette by Alan Gill's own label Bop a Dub in May 1986. At the time Gill was the only member as he declared in an interview at the time.Each track of the album can be downloaded free as MP3 archive in the fan page of the band.
 Motorpsycho presents The International Tussler Society is an album by The International Tussler Society. It was released on CD and double vinyl both editions came with a bonus DVD featuring a documentary about the recording process of the album made by local director Frode Dreier. Also featured was the promotional video for Satan's favourite Son.
 Violent Waves is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Circa Survive. It was released on August 28 2012. As Circa Survive wanted a record that would capture the band's live sound where they felt the magic of the band lay they recorded the album in one week and produced it themselves. Violent Waves is also Circa Survive's first album released without a record label.
 Gore and PerVersion 2 is a re-release of the first album by death metal band Desecration. The album is identical to the band's first album Gore and Perversion which was banned on release in 1995.
 Genius and Brutality...Taste and Power is the second album by Brainbombs. It was released in 1994 on CD and LP by Blackjack Records.
 Jiejue (解决 solution) also featuring the English name Solution on the CD cover is a 1991 Mandarin rock album by Cui Jian. It was his second commercially available album after Rock 'N' Roll On The New Long March and he was able to have it released in China after adapting some of the lyrics.
 Recycler is the tenth studio album by the American blues rock band ZZ Top released in 1990.The band had a cameo in the 1990 movie Back to the Future Part III playing an old west version of Doubleback along with some local musicians. (The regular version of the song plays over the credits). The music video for Doubleback also had clips from the movie and was included on the DVD.
 The Brutalist Bricks is the sixth album by the northeast American punk band Ted Leo and the Pharmacists. It was released March 9 2010 by Matador Records. It is the band's first album for Matador Records.The album received a nod from Exclaim! as the No. 3 Punk Album of 2010.
 Climbing to New Lows was a demo album that inadvertently became the first full album release of MGMT at the time known as The Management. It was their last release as The Management. In 2004 the group had changed their name to MGMT and signed with Cantora Records for their first official release the Time to Pretend EP on August 30 2005. Climbing to New Lows was intended only as a demo album that leaked on to the Internet in 2005.
 Mala is the 31st studio album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge and the first and only album under Universal Music Latin Entertainment. This album was released on November 25 2008 and follows the same musical and lyrical style as Demasiado Fuerte.
 The Legendary Majik Mijits is an album that was recorded by Steve Marriott and Ronnie Lane when they reformed under the name of Majik Mijits in 1981 and gave a one-off concert at the Bridgehouse pub in East London. The lineup included Jim Leverton Mick Green Mick Weaver Dave Hynes and Sam Brown.
 In the Constellation of the Black Widow is the fifth studio album by British extreme metal band Anaal Nathrakh released on June 29 2009 by Candlelight Records. The album was also released on LP limited to 500 copies. 250 copies are pressed on black and white splatter vinyl and 250 copies are pressed on black and purple vinyl.The album title is derived from a passage in the book Moment of Freedom by Norwegian writer Jens Bjørneboe.
 Hannah Montana 3 is the soundtrack album for the third season of the television series Hannah Montana released on July 6 2009 by Walt Disney Records. Thirteen of its fourteen tracks are performed by the series' primary actress Miley Cyrus and are credited to her titular character Hannah Montana. One of its actors Mitchel Musso contributes one song while recording artists David Archuleta and Corbin Bleu appear as featured vocalists.
 Havets Vargar is the second studio album released by Viking metal band Månegarm. It was released in 2000. Havets vargar means wolves of the sea in Swedish which is another name for pirates.
 Burn Out at the Hydrogen Bar is an album by industrial rock band Chemlab.
 Box of Silk And Dogs is a 9-disc boxed set by Muslimgauze. Part of the subscription series and a Limited edition of 502 copies (cover says 500). Comes in a cardboard multi fold-out book style package which includes in some copies a full-sized cardboard insert with comments and information about the Muslimgauze subscription. Each CD has its own title and track 19 on disc 9 is not listed. Disc 7 is Muslimgauze's remixes of other people work.
 Sing Me Something New is the first solo album by Portuguese pop rock singer David Fonseca. It was released in Portugal in 2003. David Fonseca wrote all the songs and played most of the instruments in the album. The first single from his debut album was the mellow track Someone That Cannot Love. The second and last single the danceable anthem The 80's was chosen by Vodafone to their summer spot. The album reached gold status by selling more than 30 000 copies.
 Storytelling is the fifth studio album by Belle and Sebastian. It is the score to the Todd Solondz movie Storytelling. Belle and Sebastian experienced many notable problems in communication with Solondz whilst scoring the film and as such only about six minutes of music by them was actually used in the movie itself.[citation needed] The album contains five tracks that are recorded dialogues.
 Strange Weather is a 1987 studio album by British singer Marianne Faithfull.This album is the first complete studio work recorded by Marianne Faithfull after recovering from a 17-year addiction to heroin in 1986. The album's 3 predecessors on Island Records were all recorded while Faithfull confronted various personal struggles and contained a majority of lyrics and some music penned by Faithfull herself.
 Encore is Lionel Richie's first live album which was released on November 26 2002. Various international versions also included Goodbye To Love a Woman (featuring Enrique Iglesias) Don't Stop the Music and Tender Heart. The material on the album was recorded at Wembley Arena in London England in May 2001.
 Raised by Bats is the eleventh studio album by dark cabaret artist Voltaire. It is supposed to have a more gothic and dark feel to it compared to other Voltaire albums. It is composed mostly of songs written by Voltaire in the late 80's and early 90's and is The album I always wanted to makeThe cover features a giant bat carrying a basket with a baby in it over a gothic city.
 Snake Tide is You Am I's debut EP released in May 1991. It is the last You Am I recording to feature original bassist Nik Tischler.
 The Seven Year Itch is the first full-length album by Angelica released on Victory Works records. It was produced by Kat Bjelland of Babes in Toyland and Katastrophy Wife who also sang guest vocals on Golden Lillies.
 Fireflies is the sixth album by country artist Faith Hill. The album was released on August 2 2005 which would make it nearly three years after the release of her fifth album Cry. In its first week the album sold 329000 copies making it the #1 album on both the Billboard 200 and Top Country Albums chart. Fireflies is her third #1 album and it has been certified 2× Multi-Platinum by the RIAA for US shipments of two million copies.
 Design Your Universe is the fourth full-length studio album by Dutch symphonic metal band Epica released on October 16 2009. It was the first album to feature officially new band members Isaac Delahaye on guitar and Ariën van Weesenbeek on drums.
 A Sense of Wonder is the fifteenth studio album by Northern Irish singer/songwriter Van Morrison released in 1985. When first released original pressings had to be recalled when the W. B. Yeats estate refused to allow Morrison's musical version of the poem Crazy Jane on God to be included on the album as they believed his poems should only be set to classical music. Morrison substituted If You Only Knew for the Yeats' recording.
 Pungent Effulgent is an album by psychedelic rockers Ozric Tentacles. Released in 1989 to wide acclaim it followed the many cassette-only albums they released in the 1980s.
 Final V.U. 1971–1973 is a box set by The Velvet Underground comprising live recordings from after founding members Lou Reed and Sterling Morrison had left the group. It was released by Japanese record company Captain Trip Records in August 2001.
 Take Cover is the tenth studio album by Seattle-based progressive metal band Queensrÿche released on November 13 2007. It consists of cover versions. The idea to release an album of cover songs came from a game of name the riff guitarists Michael Wilton and Mike Stone would play during sound checks. The band members agreed to each choose two songs to record for the album. Its release was announced by the band on August 28 2007.
 Rockin' the Boat is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded in 1963 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Charges Of Indictment is the seventh album by Flint Michigan rap group The Dayton Family. Released in 2011 it is the group's first release on Hatchet House and their second album since their 1995 album What's On My Mind? to feature the three original core members Bootleg Shoestring and Backstabber following 2009's The Return: The Right to Remain Silent.
 Coon Bid'ness is an album released by Julius Hemphill in 1975 featuring performances by Hemphill Baikida Carroll Abdul Wadud Phillip Wilson Arthur Blythe Barry Altschul and Daniel Zebulon. The final track The Hard Blues was recorded at the same recording session as Hemphill's debut album Dogon A.D..
 I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing is a compilation album by singer and actress Lea Salonga. It was released three years after her multi-platinum selling album Lea Salonga. It earned mixed reviews from critics. The album was a mixture of old and new recordings. One single was released from the album the top ten hit Top of the World. The album went gold after six months of release.
 Beowülf is the debut album by the band of the same name released in 1986.Like many Beowülf albums the recording is out of print. In 2004 the album was re-released as the first half of the The Re-Releases compilation along with its follow-up Lost My Head... But I'm Back on the Right Track.
 Apache Ain't Shit is the only album released by rapper Apache. It was released in 1992 on Tommy Boy/Warner Bros. Records and featured production from DJ Mark the 45 King Large Professor and Diamond D. The album peaked at number 66 on the Billboard 200 and number 15 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.One charting single was released from the album the A Tribe Called Quest-produced hit Gangsta Bitch which made it to No. 67 on the Billboard Hot 100 No.
 Bedrock Vice is the debut album by English band Thrashing Doves. It was released in 1987 on LP and CD by A&M Records and has so far not been reissued yet.
 Cheesy Home Video is the first home video from Primus released in 1992 on VHS in conjunction with the band's first covers EP Miscellaneous Debris.
 Released in 1976 Naked & Warm is the fifth studio album by American R&B singer Bill Withers and his second for Columbia Records.
 Love Letter is the fifth studio album released by Ai Otsuka on 17 December 2008. It come in a CD-only format and CD + DVD format. Thirteen songs are included; four from her singles Pocket Rocket Sneaker / One × Time (both songs as it is a double A-side single) and Kurage Nagareboshi.On 16 November 2008 the full album - minus Ningyou - leaked onto the internet.
 The Essentials: Alice Cooper is a greatest hits album by Alice Cooper released in 2002.
 Reflections of the Solstice was a debut album by American Death/Black/Doom - metal band Goatlord released September 13 1991 on Turbo Music. The cover art of the album is made by Chris Moyen.
 Augustana is the third studio album by the American rock band Augustana released on April 26 2011 on Epic Records.The album's lead single Steal Your Heart was planned for a radio release on February 14 in order to coincide with Valentine's Day but was released early on February 8 via AOL Music.American Songwriter's review states the album is full of strong if not extraordinary material which is sure to leave an indelible impression.
 Mixtape Messiah 7 is a mixtape by southern rapper Chamillionaire. It is also the final mixtape in the Mixtape Messiah series. Disc 1 was mixed by Michael 5000 Watts and disc 2 was mixed by Rapic Ric. Chamillionaire later released a chopped and screwed version of various tracks from the album (disc 3) and also a regular speed version of the chopped and screwed CD (disc 4).
 Kid Mystic is the fifth studio album by Stuart Davis released in 1997. It deals heavily with spiritual evolution.
 After the Storm is the second EP released by The Calling lead singer Alex Band on May 22 2012. It was released under the label Killer Tracks. The EP is available to buy on Amazon iTunes and the Killer Tracks website.
 Blue Jam was Bonnie Pink's debut album released under her real name Kaori Asada. The album spawned one single but failed to chart. In the jacket of the album she describes the album as a mixture of bitter honey blues music momentary silence irresistible madness teardrops sourgrapes hopeful bombs big big love and a few green apples. The album introduced her unique style of music that has been defined as an off-beat mix between jazz blues pop and rock.
 Speaker of Turkish is a posthumous release by Muslimgauze. The first edition was released in 400 copies on January 9 2006 in papier-mâché boxes. The second edition was released on June 12 2006 with 1000 CD copies in digipaks.The first edition was packaged in a handmade papier-mâché case painted green with a Mosque relief on the front. It was held together with a beaded drawstring. The package contained the following warning sheet: No two of these handmade cases are exactly alike.
 Country Love Ballads is an album by American country music duo The Louvin Brothers released in 1958.Producer Ken Nelson set up recording sessions in August 1958 to record enough tracks for two albums. The first was to become Country Love Ballads the second the gospel music for Satan Is Real. Over 20 songs were recorded in a seven day span.If I Could Only Win Your Love was covered by Emmylou Harris and became her first solo hit in 1975.
 Shine Not Burn is a live album by Scottish-Canadian celtic punk band The Real McKenzies and their seventh album overall. It was recorded in 2010 at an acoustic pub show at Wild at Heart in Berlin-Kreuzberg Germany and released on June 22nd of that year. The title is the translation of Luceo Non Uro which is the Chief's heraldic motto of the clan McKenzie.
 Exordium is a 2003 EP album by Dutch symphonic metal band After Forever. Another version of this album was released in 2004 with a bonus DVD entitled Insights. The Evil That Men Do is a cover of the Iron Maiden song while One Day I'll Fly Away is a metal version of a ballad originally sung by Randy Crawford. This is the first recording of the band with new guitarist Bas Maas who replaced Mark Jansen.
 Freedom of Speech is the second album by British rapper Speech Debelle. The record was recorded in London United Kingdom and produced entirely by Kwes. It was her second album release on Big Dada Recordings.
 John Eddie is the eponymous debut album by American rock musician John Eddie released in 1986.The album features the hit single Jungle Boy which peaked at No. 52 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 17 on the Top Rock Tracks chart in the US.
 Finally Betty Carter is a live album by Betty Carter. Though it was recorded in 1969 its release was delayed until 1975 because the master recording was stolen. A second album of material recorded from the same concert Round Midnight was released the same year.
 Transformation is the first album released by Signal Aout 42 after its temporary break-up.
 Zen X Four is a 2005 live CD with a DVD containing most of the music videos of British grunge band Bush. The album cover photography and band logo were originally featured on their second album Razorblade Suitcase.
 Man on the Line is an album by Chris de Burgh released in 1984.
 You Don't Want My Name... You Want My Action is a live compilation album by rock band The Stooges. Released by British reissue label Easy Action it documents the time period in between Fun House and Raw Power when the group was a five-piece outfit including a young James Williamson.
 Don't Get Mad Get Money is a second studio album by Onyx member Fredro Starr in 2003.
 Pink Crustaceans and Good Vibrations is the fifth studio album from Pepper released on July 22 2008. The title is taken from a fictional album recorded by Coconut Pete in the Broken Lizard film Club Dread. The album is produced by Paul Leary. Keyboards by Ronnie King.
 1 is a compilation album by the Beatles released on 13 November 2000. The album features virtually every number-one single released in the United Kingdom and United States from 1962 to 1970 by the Beatles. Issued on the 30th anniversary of the band's break-up it was their first compilation available on one compact disc. 1 was a commercial success and topped the charts worldwide.
 Holidays in Eden is the sixth studio album by the British band Marillion and their second with vocalist Steve Hogarth released in 1991. Produced by Christopher Neil it features a more mainstream sound than the band's previous albums. It reached number 7 on the UK Albums Chart.The lead single Cover My Eyes (Pain and Heaven) was a re-write of Hogarth's earlier band How We Live's song Simon's Car.
 Servin' Up Some Soul is the eleventh overall album released by R&B legend Mary Wells released in 1968 on the Jubilee record label. Her first and only release with the once-fabled R&B company (a second Jubilee release was aborted for years) yield a modest charter with The Doctor which would be Wells' final top 100 hit on the pop charts though Wells would continue to have R&B hits. It would be her final album for thirteen years with 1981's In and Out of Love.
 Frostland Tapes is a compilation album by the Norwegian black metal band Darkthrone. It was released through Peaceville Records on June 23 2008.The compilation contains Darkthrone's first four demos (Land of Frost A New Dimension Thulcandra Cromlech) the original instrumental version of the Goatlord demo and a recording of a concert in Denmark.
 Full Circle is a collaborative album between musicians Holger Czukay Jah Wobble and Jaki Liebezeit released in 1982 through Virgin Records.
 This article describes the 31st album in the New Zealand Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 31 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music 31 or Now 31 was released on 5 November 2009. The album is the 31st edition of the (New Zealand) Now! series. The album is a two-disc set with disc two featuring the best tracks of 2009.
 Angels of Distress is funeral doom metal band Shape of Despair's second studio album. It was mastered in Finnvox by Mika Jussila. The album is packaged in a digipak and includes no booklet though the lyrics can be viewed on the band's official website.
 The Explorer is the second studio album of Swedish singer-songwriter E-Type which was released in 25 October 1996. It contains hit songs Calling Your Name Back In the Loop and I Just Wanna Be With You. Its first single Free Like A Flying Demon got huge airplay in the US radios back in 1997 To date is the most played song by E-Type in the US radio stations.
 Yusef Lateef's Detroit (subtitled Latitude 42° 30' Longitude 83°) is an album by multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1969 (with one track from The Complete Yusef Lateef recording sessions in 1967) and released on the Atlantic label.
 In the Wake of What Won't Change is a 2009 album by The Luxury. The record was initially recorded at singer Jason Dunn's home studio then remade at various studios in the Boston area following the Luxury's win at the 2009 WBCN Rock n' Roll Rumble.
 Dust Off and Dance is the sixth regular studio album by Tiffany released in May 2005. Its style is electronica or dance music representing a departure from the styles she has used in earlier albums and of particular interest to dance clubs where its songs have achieved some success.
 The Frustrated is the ninth album by Japanese rock band Glay. It was released on March 24 2004 and peaked at #2 at Oricon charts with 241485 copies sold. It was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ).
 Hell's Winter is the second full-length solo album by American hip hop artist Cage and his first for the Definitive Jux label. It was released on September 20 2005 and received very favorable reviews including a spot in Rhapsody's list of The 10 Best Albums By White Rappers. This is the first Cage album ever that contains no mention of the word bitch nor is there any reference to the long lived feud with Eminem.
 In Concert is the second live album by Australian band Dead Can Dance following 1994's Toward the Within. It was released on 22 April 2013 by PIAS Recordings. It was recorded during the Anastasis World Tour.The album contains different track listings depending on the version.
 Live Phish Vol. 9 was recorded live at the Townshend Family Park in Townshend Vermont on August 26 1989.When the band begin choosing concerts for the Live Phish Series guitarist Trey Anastasio required at least one release from the 1980s. This three-set concert performed late on a summer afternoon in August seems to be the most fitting representation of 1980s Phish since almost all of the band's concert staples from the era are represented.
 Yanni Live at the Acropolis is the name of both an album and video by contemporary instrumental musician Yanni recorded live at the Herodes Atticus Theatre Athens Greece on September 25 1993 and released in 1994. (see 1994 in music and 1994 in film). This album peaked at #1 on Billboard's Top New Age Albums chart and at #5 on the Billboard 200 chart in the same year.
 Red Tandy is an EP by northern California rock band The Mother Hips. The song Red Tandy was featured as a playable track in the music video game Rock Band.
 Celebrated Blazons is a live album featuring performances by Cecil Taylor with William Parker and Tony Oxley recorded in Berlin on June 21 1990 and released on the FMP label.The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states This date was recorded at the 1990 Workshop of Free Music in Berlin and the ensemble plays one long 56-minute improvisation...
 Femme Fatale is the seventh studio album by American recording artist Britney Spears. It was released on March 25 2011 by Jive Records. Spears wanted to make a fresh-sounding and fierce dance album incorporating pop and dance styles with elements of dubstep techno and trance. She began working on the album during the second leg of The Circus Starring Britney Spears (2009) while also working on her second compilation album The Singles Collection (2009).
 Mingus Mingus Mingus Mingus Mingus is a 1964 album by jazz composer and bassist Charles Mingus.
 October Road is a live album that follows on from Judie Tzuke's Moon on a Mirrorball tour. It is scheduled for release on 1 March 2011. Backing vocals on this album feature Judie Tzuke's daughters Bailey Tzuke and Tallula Tzuke
 This is also the soundtrack of a 1996 music documentary co-starring Deep Purple Lemmy and Dweezil Zappa.In a Metal Mood: No More Mr. Nice Guy is a 1997 album by Pat Boone in which Boone covers hard rock and heavy metal songs in a jazz/big band style. Boone promoted the album by appearing in leather clothing (and at that year's American Music Awards wearing a dog collar).
 Late Night Tales: Midlake is a mix album compiled by folk rock band Midlake and released through Late Night Stories on March 28 2011.
 Blå himlen blues (Blue Heaven Blues) is an album by Imperiet released in 1985.
 For the video release of the performance see here.Live at the Royal Albert Hall is an in-concert album by Wet Wet Wet. It was recorded on 3 November 1992 (1992-11-03) and released on 17 May 1993 (1993-05-17). The album reached #10 in the charts.The Wets were assisted by the 100-piece Wren Orchestra. The concert was in aid of Nordoff Robbins Music Therapy.The performance of Blue for You was included on the band's End of Part One: Their Greatest Hits compilation released later in the year.
 Sons of the Jackal is a 2007 album by thrash metal/death metal band Legion of the Damned. Lyrical themes on the album include horror motifs the devastation of nuclear war and occult and religious ideas and actions.
 Bara no Seidou (薔薇の聖堂) is the fourth and final album by Malice Mizer released on August 23 2000. The title roughly translates as Church of Roses or Sanctuary of Roses. In February 2007 Bara no Seidou was re-released packaged in both jewel case and slipcase versions both including an additional DVD titled Cardinal. The disc contains music videos for the album's singles as well as alternate versions of videos for the subsequent singles Gardenia and Beast of Blood.
 Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel is the twelfth studio album by American recording artist Mariah Carey released on September 25 2009 by Island Records. After Carey's previous album E=MC² (2008) Carey began to work in a new album producing with The-Dream and Christopher Tricky Stewart and revealed the album's title through Twitter.
 Divas of Disco: Live is a live album recorded on April 25 in 2007 at Avalon Hollywood performed by CeCe Peniston Thelma Houston Linda Clifford A Taste Of Honey and France Joli and the whole concert was released also on DVD already in 2008 on ZYX Music for Europe including a bonus material (biographies and backstage interviews with singers) while in the United States on RSM Records in 2009.The album included the Peniston two number one hits scored in the US Dance chart Finally and Keep On Walkin' which charted also in the US Hot 100 and her cover version of a Donna Summer's number three hit from 1978 Last Dance.Keep On Walkin' (number three in the US R&B) was also issued as the virtual lead track of the Peniston digital EP Live released by One Media Publishing in 2008. 
 Gold is a compilation album by The Stranglers.
 Knjiga žalbe is the sixth studio album released by the Croatian punk rock band Hladno pivo. It was released in 2007 by Menart Records.
 Singles 06–07 is Jay Reatard's solo debut compilation LP album released in 2008 on In The Red Records. This compilation is both a culmination of the sounds of Reatard's former punk and synth bands and a foray into more melodic pop rock and roll.
 Motherland is the fourth studio album by Arsonists Get All the Girls. It was released on May 17 2011 (2011-05-17).
 On the Edge is the third album by the progressive bluegrass band Northern Lights.
 Buzzard is the third full-length album released by Margot & the Nuclear So and So's. It is the first to feature the band's new lineup including Brian Deck on drums Ronnie Kwasman on guitar and Cameron McGill on keyboards.
 Released in 2002 Green Blade Rising is the seventh studio album by The Levellers.
 Open Air Suit is an album by the improvisational collective Air featuring Henry Threadgill Steve McCall and Fred Hopkins recorded in New York in 1978 featuring four of Threadgill's compositions. It has never been reissued on Compact Disc by itself but it was included in the 8CD Complete Novus and Columbia Recordings of Henry Threadgill and Air set on Mosaic Records.
 Marinella & Athenians (Greek: Μαρινέλλα & Αθηναίοι) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. It was released on July 26 1977 by PolyGram Records in Greece and it went gold selling over 50000 units. Marinella was accompanied by the Greek musical group of The Athenians (by Philippos Papatheodorou Kostas Trouptsios Spyros Livieratos) and Tzavara Twins (Nikos and Giorgos Tzavaras).This album was issued in mono and stereo.
 Greatest Hits is the second greatest hits album and final release by Irish boy band Westlife. It was released on 18 November 2011 by RCA Records and Sony Music. Greatest Hits is the group's second greatest hits album following Unbreakable: The Greatest Hits Volume 1 (2002). The album is the group's first album not under Syco Music and not under the tutelage of Simon Cowell having left Syco and Cowell in March 2011.
 Of Love And Peace is an album by jazz organist Larry Young released on the Blue Note label. This album shows a firmer move on Young's part into the realms of free jazz.The album is Young's third for Blue Note records following on from Unity. Two of the tracks were composed by Young and the others are free jazz readings of standards.
 I'm Not Alone is a Keith Martin's album released on 14 March 2005 by EMI.This album was Martin's second Filipino album.The song I Don't Wanna Think About It written & produced by Shawn Stockman was released as a first single. This song was previously recorded by Japanese singer Yuki Koyanagi on her album Intimacy.
 Get Down! is an album by Soulive that was released on September 24 2002 as a reissue. It was originally recorded between March and June 1999. The album was produced by Jeff Krasno and Sean Hoess.The album is widely regarded as Soulive's first album. With this release Soulive made its debut with the typical jazz organ trio combination of Eric Krasno on guitar Alan Evans on drums and Neal Evans on a Hammond B3 .
 Back & Forth is the self-published debut EP by Skinny Puppy released in 1984. It was supposed to be a limited edition of 50 copies but only 35 were actually made. The first 15 copies were dubbed at a normal speed while the remaining 20 were dubbed at a high speed making them slightly inferior to the first 15.
 For the Kids is an album featuring new renderings of children's songs performed by today's popular artists. In the United States a portion of the proceeds go to VH1's Save the Music Foundation. In Canada a portion of the proceeds go to The Sarah McLachlan Music Outreach (Sarah McLachlan Foundation).There are two follow-up compilation albums: For the Kids Too! (2004) and For the Kids Three (2007).
 Love Will See You Through is the first album by the rock group Phil Lesh and Friends. It is also known as Highlights Volume One.
 Dancemania Speed Best 2001 Hyper Nonstop Megamix or simply Dancemania Speed Best 2001 is a greatest hits compilation album of Dancemania's Speed series released by EMI Music Japan in 2000. The album features selections chosen from previously released five Speed albums mostly from the earlier four issues which reached number 1 on the Oricon Foreign-music Chart respectively.
 Great big hits live! bootleg is an album by American rock band Poison released on July 4 2006 by Sony.The record is essentially Power to the People re-packaged without the new studio tracks and the guitar and drum solos (live songs only).
 Turf Buccaneers is a 2001 album by Mac Dre and his group Cutthroat Committee composing of Dre PSD Mac Mall & Little Bruce.
 Shaved and Dangerous is the second studio album by Australian band the Baby Animals released in 1993
 Soul Connection is an album by American organist John Patton recorded in 1983 and released on the Nilva label.
 Ten Songs in the Key of Betrayal is the fourth and final album by alternative rock group Alien Crime Syndicate released in 2004 through The Control Group and EMI.
 Up For It is an album by American pianist Keith Jarrett's Standards trio featuring Gary Peacock and Jack DeJohnette.It was recorded at an outdoor venue at the Festival de Jazz d'Antibes in Juan-les-Pins France on July 16 2002 and released in 2003 on the ECM label.
 At the Love Library is the debut extended play and the first extended play acoustic by Everlife. The album was released on April 28 2009 and consists of 4 songs.
 Kanuni I Katilit is the first solo studio album by Kosovar Albanian rapper UniKKatiL released on December 17 2007.
 Letters Never Sent is singer-songwriter Carly Simon's twentieth album and eighteenth studio album released in 1994. Simon wrote Like A River in honor of her mother Andrea Simon and Touched By The Sun for her dear friend Jackie Onassis both of whom died in 1994. The album features backing vocals by Marc Cohn and Simon's son Ben Taylor (who also appears as vocalist on Time Works On All The Wild Young Men the bridge song between the 4th and 6th tracks).
 Bunk Not Dead is the second album released by Bunkface a Malaysian punk rock band. It was produced by their own 'Bunkface Productions'. The album was released on 17 July 2012 in Malaysia. Bunk Not Dead consists of 9 English songs and 4 Malay songs including their hit singles Panik Jatuh and More.This album took two years to complete due to hectic touring schedules. The first single Panik was recorded entirely in Jakarta and Indonesia with an estimated cost of RM16000.
 Louis Armstrong Meets Oscar Peterson is a 1957 studio album by Louis Armstrong accompanied by Oscar Peterson.The album was reissued in 1997 on CD with four bonus tracks recorded at the sessions that produced Ella and Louis Again.
 Global Underground 022: Melbourne is a DJ mix album in the Global Underground series compiled and mixed by Dave Seaman. The album peaked at #8 on the Billboard Top Electronic Albums chart.GU returns Down Under as Dave Seaman mans the controls.
 Greatest Hits is the compilation album by rapper Scarface released by Virgin Records Us in 2002.
 Back Street Crawler is first solo album by Paul Kossoff. The same year as Free's demise Kossoff was able to pull himself together moderating his drug addiction enough to record a solo album Back Street Crawler which surprisingly featured contributions from his former Free bandmates as well as Yes drummer Alan White.
 Wicked Game is the fifth studio album by the operatic pop group Il Divo. The album was released on 4 November 2011. Il Divo performed Wicked Game their reworking of the Chris Isaak song on TV in the UK on 5 September on Red or Black? and in the US on 7 September on the semi-final of America's Got Talent.
 Tracing Back Roots is the third studio album by American metalcore band We Came as Romans. It was released on July 23 2013 through Equal Vision Records. The album is noted for the band's shift from their signature metalcore sound to a more melodic clean vocal driven sound while still maintaining metalcore elements throughout. The album has been received with favorable reviews which praise the band's “go out and do something with your life with purpose” message.
 King of Kings: Live is the second live album of Puerto Rican singer Don Omar released on October 13 2007 through Machete Music.
 Prefer Others is a compilation of B-Sides from the albumFuture Spa (1996) onwards. The album features four songs that were recorded as demos for Universal Records. Following in The Fauves tradition of erroneous track listing the back cover lists Frontman Practice from Dog's Are The Best People which is absent from most pressings.
 Rock the Nations is the eighth studio album by heavy metal band Saxon released in 1986 (see 1986 in music).
 Dark Side of the Chant is Gregorian's 13th album released in 2010. It features songs which are originally made by artists varying from AC/DC and the Dutch band Within Temptation to their own work.
 Kerli is the debut self-titled EP by Estonian singer-songwriter Kerli. It was released on October 16 17 through Stolen Transmission in association with the artist's label Island Records. After being signed to Island in 2006 Kerli began producing her debut album Love Is Dead and released the EP as a teaser for the album. The music from the EP is influenced by genres such as electropop and nu-metal while its lyrical topics include individuality and rebellion.
 Damned Souls is an album by industrial music artist Xorcist. It is the first release on the now-defunct record label 21st Circuitry in 1991.
 Magico is an album by bassist Charlie Haden saxophonist Jan Garbarek and guitarist Egberto Gismonti recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label.
 After Glen Campbell's Greatest Hits (1971) The Best of Glen Campbell was the second of official Capitol compilation albums by Glen Campbell and was released in 1976.
 Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This) is the second studio album by British new wave duo Eurythmics released on 4 January 1983.
 Vagabonds is an album by American singer/songwriter and former Jayhawks member Gary Louris released in 2008.
 Yellow Banana (Chinese: 黄色香蕉; pinyin: huángsè xiāngjiāo) is the first studio album from Hang on the Box.
 This is the first box set by the band The Doors released on October 28 1997. The set includes previously rare and unreleased demo recordings.
 Make or Break Me is a country music album released by singer-songwriter Kyle Park. It was described as a mixture of up-tempo guitar-driven honky-tonkers and heartfelt ballads. By November 16 2011 the album's main single Make Or Break Me had climbed to #3 on the Texas Music Chart jumping from number 8 in less than a week.
 All About Chemistry is the title of Semisonic's third studio album released on March 13 2001 through MCA Records. With this release the band failed at least in America to capitalize on the momentum it had generated with the song Closing Time from their previous album Feeling Strangely Fine. This had a softer edge than Feeling Strangely Fine and was not as popular with the fans.
 I Ain't Cha Homey is the seventh extended play by Esham A. Smith. Released on July 28 2009 the album consists entirely of freestyle raps and marks the return of Smith's Homey the Clown persona which had first appeared on his 1991 EP Homey Don't Play.
 For the band's song with the same name see Playboys (song).Playboys is the second studio album by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus (known as just Rasmus back then) which was released on August 29 1997 on Warner Music Finland.It went Gold in Finland and the single Blue also went Gold when it was released in May the same year. The album was not as popular outside their homeland Finland.Besides the band there were many additional musicians (see below) that appeared on Playboys.
 Black Flamenco is the second studio album released by Spanish singer Estrella. The album was nominated for a Latin Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Album.
 Inside the Torn Apart is the seventh album by British extreme metal band Napalm Death.
 Dans ma bulle is a 2006 album recorded by the French artist Diam's.It was the best-selling album of 2006 in France.
 The Circle in the Square is the third full-length studio album by alternative hip-hop band Flobots. The album was released on August 28 2012 and peaked at No. 198 on The U.S. Billboard 200 album chart. The Circle in the Square was released by Shanachie unlike their first two albums which were released by Universal Republic. The album's title track The Circle in the Square was the only single from the album and was released on the Flobots official YouTube channel on July 11 2012.
 Gold: The Best of Spandau Ballet is a greatest hits album from Spandau Ballet released on 4 September 2001 and contains 17 of their biggest hits. It was re-released on 17 August 2008 with a bonus live DVD.The track listing below is for the standard U.S. version of the album. Certain alternate releases featured Raw and Be Free With Your Love two tracks from the band's Heart Like a Sky album (which was not released in the U.S.) in place of She Loved Like Diamond.
 Foxy Shazam is the third studio album by Foxy Shazam released through Sire Records. The album was originally titled Au Contraire and is their debut major label release. The album was released on 13 April 2010.
 Vaadimme metallia (English: We Demand Metal) is the second album by Finnish heavy metal band Teräsbetoni.
 Meri Jaan Hindustan is a 1997 Indian compilation album released on the 50th anniversary of Indian independence. The album featured various artists. It consisted of a total of eight songs.
 Animosity is the sixth studio album from American punk rock band The Deadweights released May 28 2002 on Reprise Records. The album was the first from the band to criticize America's President George W. Bush.
 Not to be confused with Lo-Tel song Teenager of the YearReleased in 1994 Teenager of the Year was Frank Black’s second solo album produced by former Pere Ubu member Eric Drew Feldman who also played keyboards. This album is often cited as the high-point of Francis' post-Pixies catalogue even being named to Pitchfork's Top 100 Albums of the 90's.
 Back to the Rock is a reunion album released by Classic Petra an instance of the Christian rock band Petra featuring the members of the Beat the System lineup. It was released on November 13 2010 and produced and financed by the band itself.The album features modern versions of some of Petra's classic hits from the early 80s plus two new tracks [11 and 12].
 Not Without Love is the second studio album from CCM musician Jimmy Needham. It was released on August 19 2008 through Inpop Records in the United States. The album's lead single A Breath or Two was released prior to the album and reached #11 on Christian contemporary hit radio.
 The Very Best of John Denver is a compilation album by American singer-songwriter John Denver released in 1994.
 Asunder is the first full-length album by Heaven Shall Burn released in 2000.
 Slave to the Dark is a comprehensive box set featuring all 14 CDs plus a DVD covering Iced Earth's years as a Century Media Records artist. The release is limited to 5000 copies only. The albums are vinyl replicas in terms of paper packaging and black discs with record rings upon them giving the look and feel of vinyl albums. The set includes the following titles some of which contain b-sides demos and other unreleased material:
 A Surprising Burst Of Chocolaty Fudge is another Slave Pit video released by Gwar. Documenting their 1997 Hell-oween tour this video contains the only official release of their cover of The Mentors Golden Showers.
 Content is the seventh full-length studio album by UK band Gang of Four released January 24 2011 on Grönland Records in Europe and the following day on Yep Roc Records in the US.
 Powderfinger is the eponymous first studio recording by Australian rock group Powderfinger. Many refer to it as The Blue EP. The EP launch was at the Orient Hotel Friday 21 August 1992; the band were supported by local act Lolita Carbine. The disk garnered the attention of some rock fans and more so gained the attention of Polydor record executives who through this EP signed the band.
 Dead Cities is a 1996 album by electronic music group The Future Sound of London.
 Reborn is Avalon's thirteenth release and their ninth studio album. It is the first album featuring Amy Richardson as a member of Avalon and the first full album to feature Jeremi Richardson. It also marks the first album with E1 Music as Avalon's new record label.
 Full Circle is the seventh studio album from the reggae band Morgan Heritage. The album features guest appearances from Sizzla Damian Marley and LMS. The band toured the Caribbean and the United States in support of the album. The album mixed reggae and other styles and was described by the Jamaica Star as the sound of Jamaican dancehall systems and New York hip-hop boom boxes and New England pop radio and California punk rock mosh pits all fused into an unprecedented harmonious whole.
 Nick the Knife is a 1982 album by Nick Lowe. The album was Lowe's third solo LP and his first since the 1981 breakup of his band Rockpile. However the record still has several Rockpile ties as Lowe's former bandmates Billy Bremner and Terry Williams play on the album.
 For the 1980s consumer advocacy television program see Fight Back! with David Horowitz.Fight Back! is an anarcho-punk collection album by the band Oi Polloi with the Oi Polloi songs from the old splits with A.O.A. and Betrayed. This 1994 LP was released as a re-release of the old splits but only with the Oi Polloi material.
 Living in a Magazine was the debut by British alternative electronic band Zoot Woman featuring one of their biggest hits It's Automatic as well as Living in a Magazine.The whole album is inspired by the 1980s synthpop dressed in a modern vibe accompanying their retro sound with very bright colored artwork and clips.
 Who I Am was the third studio album released by Beverley Knight in March 2002 by Parlophone Records. It entered the UK albums chart at #7 and remains her highest charting album to date.
 There's No Need to Struggle is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver his third released on the Silverto label featuring performances by Silver with Eddie Harris Bobby Shew Ralph Moore Bob Maize and Carl Burnett with vocals by Weaver Copeland and Mahmu Pearl. The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars.
 Los K-Becillas (The Bosses in English) is a 2005 album by Master Joe & O.G. Black. Its the last album that Master Joe and OG Black work on because they broke up. It is the most successful album to date and peaked at 17 in Top Latin Albums.
 Walter Daniels Plays with Monsieur Jeffrey Evans & The Oblivians at Melissa's Garage is a 10 album by Memphis garage-rock band the Oblivians. The album was released in 1995 by Texas record label Undone. The album features Austin-based harmonicist Walter Daniels and Memphis-based vocalist Jeffery Evans. In 1999 it was rereleased with additional tracks as Melissa's Garage Revisited.
 Look to Your Heart is an album by American singer Frank Sinatra released in 1959 but recorded between 1953 and 1955.This is the third Capitol collection of Sinatra singles and B-sides with Nelson Riddle following 1956's This Is Sinatra! and 1958's This Is Sinatra Volume 2. It includes a couple of songs from the 1955 musical version of Our Town.
 In City Dreams is guitarist and songwriter Robin Trower's fifth solo studio album. It was released in 1977.
 Odyssey: The Remix Collection is a 2001 compilation of remixes from Delerium's past single releases.
 Darkest Midnight (often called Darkest Midnight: Good People All or The Darkest Midnight) is a music album by Irish singer Nóirín Ní Riain featuring the Monks of Glenstal Abbey mostly made up of Christmas songs from the ancient Wexford singing traditions. It was released in 1982 and has had subsequent rereleases. The album was remastered in 2004.
 Ultra. Trance:2 is a mixed trance compilation album from Ultra Records as part of the Ultra Trance series. It was released on May 20 2003 and mixed by David Waxman.
 Forever Pop is a collection of new (at the time) remixes of older Alphaville songs and singles. The people responsible for some of the remixes include notables such as Paul Van Dyk Mark Plati and De-Phazz.
 Top of the Old Road is the début album by Scottish country and folk band Brothers Reid. Produced by Paul Emerson it was released on 15 August 2011 through Fat Hippy Records. The album was released to positive reviews having been highly anticipated after the band released their critically acclaimed first single Do It Yourself.
 Think Free is the 9th album by bassist Ben Allison. It was released on the Palmetto Records label in 2009.
 The Less You Know the Better is the fourth studio album by American music producer DJ Shadow. It was released on September 27 2011 by Verve Records. The album is his first of original material since The Outsider (2006). Like Shadow's previous efforts the album relies heavily on sampling; the samples used span many genres and time periods.
 Fousque is an album by Slowblow released in 1996. The album was originally released in fall 1996 at Sirkafúsk Records and was re-released by Smekkleysa in 2004. The vocals on 7-up Days were by Emilíana Torrini.
 Hiding Inside the Horrible Weather is My American Heart's second album released on June 26 2007 by Warcon Records. The album was produced by James Paul Wisner while the artwork was designed by Don Clark of Invisible Creature. The first single from the album is titled The Shake (Awful Feeling).
 Simmer In Your Hotseat is the debut album by Boston-based band The Main Drag originally released on indie label Endless Recordings in 2004. It was recorded by Adam Arrigo himself while still in college with the help of Matt Levitt (violin/string arrangements) and contributions from various guest musicians.
 Back to Mine by Faithless was the fifth in the series of Back to Mine albums released. It was compiled by Sister Bliss and Rollo Armstrong of Faithless. It was released on the 16 October 2000. The album is as all Back to Mine albums are a compilation of tracks which were important to/liked by members of Faithless who compiled the album. It is not considered an official Faithless release but an official release in the series of Back to Mine albums.
 Face of a Fighter is an album by country singer Willie Nelson. It was recorded in 1961 but released in 1978 when Nelson founded his own label company Lone Star Records.
 My Very Special Guests is a two disc album by American country music artist George Jones. This album was released in 1979 on the Epic Records label. The first 10 tracks are from the original release from 1979 and the rest of the duets were added onto the double CD re-issue from 2005 which sparked controversy because of its use of copy protection from Sony BMG's XCP technology.
 Makara is the third album of E.S. Posthumus. It consists of 15 tracks and was released on February 2 2010 for download on iTunes Amazon MP3 and several other popular download services. The album is available on both CD and for digital download at CD Baby. The album was made available on eMusic on January 26 2010. There may also be a vinyl release of the album in the future.According to CD Baby with the release of E.S.
 The Electric Spanking of War Babies is the twelfth studio album by the American funk band Funkadelic released in 1981 on Warner Bros. Records. The title is an allusion to the Vietnam War and baby boomers. It includes many relative newcomers to P-Funk many of whom remained employed by George Clinton on future releases under his own name or under the name George Clinton & the P-Funk All-Stars. Sly Stone is a collaborator on this album.
 Watch My Mouth is the second album by rapper Cazwell. Watch My Mouth is his first full-length album with eight bonus tracks. Cazwell described the music of the album as dance more than anything else. There are some hip hop elements but I wouldn’t call it a hip hop album. All the songs are different because I worked with different producers. Ultimately it’s a lighthearted dance rap album.
 Songs Ideas We Forgot is the debut EP by toe released in 2003.
 The Fire And The Wind is the final album of the New Zealand Heavy metal band Demoniac the only one to be recorded following their relocation to London. The black metal sound of the previous two albums was almost completely eschewed on this recording with only vocalist Behemoth's shrieking vocals alluding to the genre.
 Wherever You Are is the eighth studio album by Third Day and the band's ninth album overall.The album debuted on the Billboard 200 at #8 performing comparably to major chart debuts such as Santana's All that I Am and Blink-182's Greatest Hits.It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop/Contemporary Gospel album in 2006.
 360 Waves is the debut album by American Hip-hop trio Durag Dynasty (rappers Planet Asia Killer Ben and TriState). The group worked on the album with hip-hop producer The Alchemist who produced it entirely. The album was released on March 26 2013 by Nature Sounds.
 Oceania is the second full-length album by Australian folk-rock band Goanna. It was not a commercial success.
 To Da Beat Ch'all is the sixth album released by MC Breed. It was released on May 14 1996 for Wrap Records and featured production from MC Breed Erick Sermon DJ Hurricane Jazze Pha and Eddie Miller. The album was not much of a success only making it to #34 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 York (First Exit to Brooklyn) is an album by The Foetus Symphony Orchestra featuring Lydia Lunch released in 1997 by Thirsty Ear Recordings. As opposed to every other Foetus album York is a wholly collaborative work. A travelogue and exploration of DUMBO (Down Under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass) York features J. G. Thirlwell as composer and conductor for a group of notable New York City musicians.
 EP3 is a 2006 bastard pop EP by The Kleptones. This is the last in a series of three EPs that were released in the three weeks preceding the release of the double album 24 Hours.The first track of this EP is included on the album 24 Hours although the audio clips sampled are not the same. The remaining tracks are B-sides which are no longer obtainable on the official site of The Kleptones.
 Out of This World is the fourth studio album by the Swedish rock band Europe. Released on 9 August 1988 through Epic Records the album was a huge commercial success selling over 1 million units in the United States alone peaking at number 19 on the US Billboard 200 chart and reaching high positions in charts worldwide.
 Love Is is the title of the second album released by American country music artist Kevin Sharp. The two singles released from the album Love Is All That Really Matters and If She Only Knew both failed to reach the top 40 in the charts while the album itself reached #36 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. Her Heart Is Only Human was originally recorded by Ty Herndon on his 1996 album Living in a Moment.
 Joujouka Black Eyes is a CD by Moroccan Sufi trance musicians Master Musicians of Joujouka. It was released in May 1995 on Sub Rosa Records. It was produced by Frank Rynne and includes the song Brian Jones Joujouka very Stoned written by Joujouka born painter Mohamed Hamri. This song commemorates the third visit of Rolling Stones founder Brian Jones to Jajouka. On this visit Jones recorded Brian Jones Presents the Pipes of Pan at Joujouka.
 Music from Here is an album of instrumental rock music by Ronnie Montrose.
 Entaha al Mushwar is the seventeenth album by Kathem Al Saher released on November 1 2005.
 West of the Moon is the follow-up to Tuatara's East of the Sun.
 The music of the Kingdom Hearts video game series was composed by Yoko Shimomura with orchestral music arranged by Kaoru Wada. The original soundtracks of the games have been released on three albums and a fourth compilation album. The soundtracks to the Kingdom Hearts games feature several musical pieces from both Disney films and Final Fantasy games including such pieces as Mickey Mouse Club March by Jimmie Dodd This Is Halloween by Danny Elfman and One-Winged Angel by Nobuo Uematsu.
 Indian Summer is the 12th album by the Country rock band Poco released in 1977. This was the band's last studio album before both Timothy B. Schmit and George Grantham left the group.
 Zaz is the debut studio album by French singer Zaz released on 10 May 2010 under the label Play On. It produces two hit singles: Je veux and Le long de la route which achieved success in Belgium (Wallonia). The album itself was a commercial success reaching the top of the charts in the francophone countries.
 Idol Songs: 11 of the Best is a compilation album by English rock vocalist Billy Idol released in 1988. It comprises all the singles released from his first three albums Billy Idol Rebel Yell and Whiplash Smile in non-chronological order. A limited edition version also contained a further four remixes. The album reached number 2 in the UK.The album has been certified by BPI platinum.It was reissued with a different title and cover artwork in 2003 as The Essential.
 Livin' in the Scope is the second album by the rap group Snypaz released on May 22 2001 for Rap-A-Lot Records and produced by The Legendary Traxster Hurt-M-Badd and Mike Dean. The album was a modest success peaking at #174 on the Billboard 200 #41 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #8 on the Top Heatseekers.
 The Infernal Depths of Hatred is Anata's first full length album released on Season of Mist Records.
 All Summer Long is the sixth studio album by The Beach Boys and their second in 1964. Recorded in the aftermath of the British Invasion spearheaded by The Beatles the album marked a major turning point in The Beach Boys' career and in leader/primary songwriter Brian Wilson as an artist. All Summer Long rose to number four in the US during a forty-nine week chart stay.Songs from this album are also featured on the EP Four by The Beach Boys.
 Rock Me is a compilation album released by the American hard rock band Great White in 1997.
 Peace Love Death Metal is the debut album by Eagles of Death Metal released on March 23 2004.
 Chaque feu is a 1999 album of Canadian singer Roch Voisine. It was released in 3 versions:Canadian Version: 1 CD (containing 14 songs)European Version: 1 CD (containing 14 songs)Special Edition for Canada: 2 CD's (containing 14 songs and 6 bonus songs)
 Just the Hits 2 was released in 2000. The album is the second edition of the New Zealand compilation series.
 It's Christmas is a Christmas album from contemporary Christian singer Mandisa released on October 14 2008. As of November 2012 the album has sold 53000 copies.
 Tales for Bad Girls is the second album by the Spanish band Forever Slave released on April 4 2008. It followed three demos; Hate (2000) Schwarzer Engel (2001) and Resurrection (2004) and one studio album Alice's Inferno. The band returns with a Gothic Soul style [1]. The lyrics include the following languages: English Spanish Latin and French [2]. It was available in Germany on April 4 2008.
 Ozzy is the third album by Canadian alternative/indie rock band hHead released in 1996. It was recorded and released on Handsome Boy Records after IRS Records closed down.
 Café Racers is a studio album by Kim Carnes released in 1983 (see 1983 in music).The album spawned three chart singles in the United States Invisible Hands You Make My Heart Beat Faster (And That's All That Matters) and I Pretend which charted on various Billboard charts.
 The Jeff Lorber Fusion is the debut album by keyboardist Jeff Lorber as leader of his band The Jeff Lorber Fusion.
 Pandemonium is the second Greatest Hits Compilation album from the Taiwanese black metal band Chthonic's. It features eleven tracks from eleven years of band history (1996 - 2007). Pandemonium follows A Decade on the Throne - A Live album and DVD especially intended for the Asian market.A Decade on the Throne and Pandemonium are identical with regards to the tracklist up to a total of nine songs.
 Genesis is the debut album by the British band The Gods. The LP was recorded in 1968 and released that same year by EMI / Columbia Records) in the UK. The album was re-issued on CD by Repertoire Records in 1994.
 Turn It On! is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1971 and released on the Prestige label. The album features Stitt using the varitone an electronic amplification device which altered the saxophone's sound.
 Nick of Time is the tenth album by the American singer Bonnie Raitt released on March 21 1989.Nick of Time topped the Billboard 200 chart selling five million copies and won three Grammy Awards including Album of the Year which was presented to its producer Don Was. In 2003 the album was ranked number 229 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
 POA (meaning grass in Greek) is the first and only studio album by the Italian progressive rock band Blocco Mentale. It was released in 1973.
 Humnasheen is the first Ghazal album by Bollywood playback singer Shreya Ghoshal. The album was released on February 12 2014 by Times Music. Composed by Deepak Pandit the album consists of 8 tracks. Lyrics are penned by Manoj Muntashir.
 Repo! The Genetic Opera: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 2008 rock opera horror/post-apocalyptic science fiction film of the same name.The entire album is in the form of a rock opera where every song is part of the same story. The songs do not appear on the album in chronological order.Due to popular demand the producers released a deluxe version of the soundtrack in February 2009 which featured additional tracks which included songs and pieces of the score.
 Ricochet is the 1967 album from The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band. The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band (aka The Dirt Band) is notable for having many charting albums and singles.
 Lifeline is the fourth album released by singer-songwriter Iris DeMent released in 2004 eight years since her previous recording The Way I Should.
 Dante XXI is the tenth studio album by the Brazilian metal band Sepultura released in 2006 through SPV Records. It is a concept album based on the three sections of Dante Alighieri's The Divine Comedy; Inferno (hell) Purgatorio (purgatory) and Paradiso (paradise). This is the last album to feature Igor Cavalera on drums.
 10 Wings is the album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima released in October 1995.The album consists of new studio recordings of the songs which she wrote for annual experimental theatres entitled Yakai (夜会) premiered in November 1989. Some songs already appeared on her previous studio albums released in the 1990s. They were newly recorded with the different interpretations for the album.
 Masada Anniversary Edition Vol. 5: Masada Rock is the fifth and final album in a series of five releases celebrating the 10th anniversary of John Zorn's Masada songbook project. It features 10 Masada songs performed by Jon Madof's Rashanim trio with Shanir Ezra Blumenkranz on bass and Mathias Kunzli on drums in addition to Madof's guitar with guest appearances from Marc Ribot on two tracks. It was released in 2005 on Zorn's Tzadik Records as part of the Radical Jewish Culture Series.
 Real Fine Place is a country music album by singer/songwriter Sara Evans. It is her fifth studio album and the follow-up album to the platinum Restless. The album has been certified platinum for U.S. shipments of a million copies.
 Despreciado (Eng.: Unappreciated) is the title of an studio album released in 2001 by performer Lupillo Rivera. This album became his first number-one album in the Billboard Top Latin Albums. Also won two Billboard Latin Music Awards in 2002.
 Pleasure One is the fourth album by the British synthpop group Heaven 17 released in 1986 by Virgin Records. It was the band's last studio album chart entry within the UK Top 100.
 Unessential Listening is a 2-disc compilation album by the comedy duo Hamish & Andy. It features segments included on their radio show between 2006 and 2008. The album won Best Comedy Release at the ARIA Music Awards of 2009.
 Rogues en Vogue is the thirteenth album by Running Wild. The album has sold over 500000 records worldwide.In the beginning the album had a bad start with sales of only 30000 records a year but sold over 350000 records in the month prior to what would be Running Wild's final concert at Wacken before their reunion in 2011.
 Extremely rare debut EP by New Zealand band Minuit before they signed to the Tardus Music label.
 Seven the Hard Way is Pat Benatar's sixth studio album and her seventh album overall released in 1985. Seven albums in seven years...Two dice...3½ dots each. Seven...the hard way. It peaked at #26 on the U.S.
 Face Reading is the debut album of Esthetic Education. It was recorded in 2004 and first released on December 29 2004.
 Fangs! is the fourth studio album from experimental rock band Falling Up. It was released on March 24 2009 through BEC Recordings.
 Feats Don't Fail Me Now is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Little Feat released in 1974.
 Live! is the third album by German band Dune. It was released in 1996 on the label Orbit Records. The album was recorded on a concert in Rastatt Germany on the 21st birthday of lead singer Verena von Strenge.
 Life Goes On is the fourth studio album by rapper Trae. It was released on October 23 2007. Guest features include Lil' Wayne Jody Breeze Jadakiss Styles P Slim Thug Dallas Yung Joc and many more. The first single was Screwed Up featuring Lil' Wayne.The S.L.A.B.-ED version of the album was released on December 8 2007. DJ Pollie Pop made a MySpace just for the album.The album sold 12500 copies in its first week.
 Gnarls Biggie is a hip hop mashup album created in the same vein as Danger Mouse's The Grey Album. It was produced by a group of Brooklyn-based DJ's known as Sound Advice. The album features 11 songs in which the tracks of Gnarls Barkley are cut-up into beats and then layered with raps of The Notorious B.I.G. It was released on July 17 2006 on the website gnotorious.com and was featured on the websites of the music magazines VIBE and Spin.
 To Go Home is an EP released by M. Ward in 2007 for Merge Records. The title track originally by Daniel Johnston is also found on M. Ward's 2006 album Post-War.
 Backstreet is a 1982 album by David Sanborn.
 Vintage is an album by Michael Bolton released in 2003 (see 2003 in music).The album has not been a success debuting at a rather low #76 and selling under 250000 copies in the US.
 Roller Coaster is the 2006 album by Osaka all-girl band Red Bacteria Vacuum.
 Listen Now is the second album and debut studio album by 801 released in November 1976. In 1977 hoping to capitalise on the success of 801 Live the band recorded and released a studio album with additional collaborating musicians including Tim Finn of Split Enz. The album personnel relies much on the help of session musicians and there has been a change of personnel.
 Can We Get Together is a charity compilation album was the creative vision of University of Arizona law student Robert Current in a reaction to the 2011 Tucson shooting where Gabrielle Giffords was shot in the head but the benefit was to go to the other victims that didn't have insurance with proceeds to Homicide Survivors of Tucson AZ. The album featured local Tucson bands such as Seashell Radio.
 Defenders of the Faith is the ninth studio album by British heavy metal band Judas Priest. Three tracks were released as singles Freewheel Burning Some Heads Are Gonna Roll and Love Bites. The album is certified Platinum by the RIAA.
 The Yard Went On Forever is the second album by Richard Harris released in 1968 by Dunhill Records (DS-50042). The album was written arranged and produced by Jimmy Webb.
 Belted Buckled And Booted is a Faster Pussycat EP.
 Equator is an album by Randy Stonehill released in 1983 on Myrrh Records.
 Ain't Nothin' Like Me is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Joe released by Jive Records after several delays on April 24 2007 in the United States.
 Live at the Hollywood Bowl is the first full-concert DVD by Ben Harper & the Innocent Criminals. Recorded August 4 2003 in Hollywood California it features a 15-song show along with several extra music videos that Harper recorded. Released alongside this DVD was an EP of four or seven songs from the event.
 The Big Payback is the debut album by rapper Choice. It was released on July 11 1990 through Rap-a-Lot Records. The album is best known for the first track Payback in which she attacks Too Short Eazy-E Ice Cube Geto Boys Willie D and N.W.A. The album managed to peak at #46 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 MK III is the third studio album by steampunk folk rock band Steam Powered Giraffe released on December 3 2013.
 Distractions is the third release on Fat Wreck Chords by punk band The Loved Ones. It is an EP that consists of three original songs and three covers.
 Blue Tears is the debut album of the band of the same name. The album was released in 1990 by MCA Records.The album features a sound similar to the hair bands of the 1980s such as Bon Jovi. It spawned several singles and videos like Innocent Kiss and Rockin' with the Radio.However due to the new wave of alternative and grunge music the band was quickly swept under the rug.
 Night of the Corn People is the fourth album by The Bags. Released on first Compact Disc and then on a color-vinyl Double LP the latter done by Helter Skelter both feature a sort of main disc which comprises the first twelve tracks (incidentally this is also the entirety of the LP's first disc) and then seven track rock opera Waiting for Maloney. While the CD version also includes the single and its b-side Dr. Lb. (literally Dr.
 Battleship Potemkin is a 2005 album of electronic and orchestral music written by Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe from Pet Shop Boys. The music on the album written to accompany the 1925 silent film The Battleship Potemkin by Sergei Eisenstein is performed by Tennant Lowe and the Dresdner Sinfoniker. The Dresdner Sinfoniker is conducted by Jonathan Stockhammer and orchestrations are by Torsten Rasch.
 Go Slow Down is the BoDeans fifth studio album and was released in 1993. It peaked at number 127 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 The Diary of Winter is an EP released by Faith Assembly in 1991.
 Street Signs is an album by Latin funk rock band Ozomatli released in 2004 by Real World Records and Concord Records. Street Signs was included in Robert Dimery's 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.This album won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album at the Latin Grammy Awards of 2005. The song Saturday Night was featured in the video games Madden NFL 2005 and MX vs. ATV Unleashed as well as the soundtrack to Turbo.
 Simple Mind Condition is Trouble's seventh studio album. It was the band's first full-length studio release in twelve years the longest gap between Trouble's studio albums to date. The album is dedicated to former drummer Barry Stern who died in 2005.Writing and recording sessions for the follow-up to Plastic Green Head lasted from 2002 to 2006 making it the longest time Trouble have ever spent making a record.
 Orca: The Killer Whale of the Hood is the thirteenth studio album by American rapper C-Bo which was released on July 3 2012 through his own imprint West Coast Mafia Records and Ca$hville Records. The album features guest performances by Young Buck WC Yukmouth BG Knocc Out Brotha Lynch Hung and more.
 Chicken & Dumplin's is an album by American jazz pianist Bobby Timmons recorded in 1965 and released on the Prestige label.
 Good Morning Spider is the second album by Sparklehorse.The album’s title came from a sound that Sparklehorse singer-songwriter Mark Linkous once heard from an old pump organ that reminded him of a spider building a web. He was later told about an old folk superstition in which seeing a spider in the morning is an omen for a sad day.
 Wig! is an album by American singer-songwriter Peter Case released in 2010.
 Degradation Trip Volumes 1 & 2 is a double album by Jerry Cantrell released on 26 November 2002 on Roadrunner Records. It is an expanded limited edition of Cantrell's Degradation Trip album which was released approximately five months earlier. All the songs were written long prior to the first release of Degradation Trip; Roadrunner Records uneasy toward the idea of a double album release made Cantrell condense it but promised to eventually release all of his material.
 Ghetto Gutter & Gangsta is the sixth album by the American gangsta rapper Mack 10. Lights Out is also featured on the Westside Connection album Terrorist Threats and would be the last album to feature his mentor Ice Cube.
 Mr. Beast is the fifth full-length studio album by the Scottish post-rock group Mogwai.
 Forever is the nineteenth studio album by the funk band Kool and the Gang released in 1986. The album included a pair of top ten singles on both the Hot 100 Charts and the R&B Charts with Victory (R&B #2 Pop #10) and Stone Love (R&B #4 Pop #10).
 For the Record is the debut studio album by American rapper Torae released on November 1 2011 via his own imprint Internal Affairs Entertainment in conjunction with Fat Beats Distribution. It was preceded by the collaborative project Double Barrel in 2009 with producer Marco Polo. The album was executive produced by Torae along with Rich Filthy Rich Ahee and Amber Ravenel.
 The Vivid Color is the debut mini-album released by the Japanese band Vivid. It was released in two different versions: a limited CD+DVD edition and a regular CD only edition. It is the band's first release to be available in two versions. The limited edition came with a DVD of the PV for the mini-album's main promotional track 69-II. The regular edition came with a different tracklist and two extra tracks Kimi Koi and Trail of Tears.
 The Night the Sun Came Up is the debut studio album by American recording artist Dev. It was released on September 2 2011 by Universal Republic Records. Dev worked exclusively with American Electropop production duo The Cataracs who helmed the production of the entire album along with co-writing songs with Dev.
 The Files: The Greatest Hits is a compilation album released by Puerto Rican rap singer Vico C.
 In Blue is the third album by Irish Celtic folk rock band The Corrs released in 2000 which saw the band become known in the United States. The title of the album comes from a lyric in the song Give Me a Reason. As well as the UK number one single Breathless the album also contains new versions of Radio and At Your Side which had previously appeared on their previous album The Corrs Unplugged.
 701 Franklin Ave. is the third solo studio album by James D-Train Williams known also as part of the American urban/post-disco group D-Train. The record was released in 2009 through Jungshin Inc.
 Conception Vessel is the debut album by Paul Motian released on the ECM label in 1973. It was recorded on November 25 & 26 1972 at Butterfly and Sound Ideas Studios New York City and features performances by Motian with Keith Jarrett Charlie Haden Leroy Jenkins Sam Brown and Becky Friend.
 In the Moment is an album by Gateway a trio composed of John Abercrombie Dave Holland and Jack DeJohnette. It was recorded in 1995 and released on the ECM label in 1996.
 The Smoakstack Sessions Vol. 2 is the third extended play (EP) by American recording artist Kelly Clarkson. It was released through RCA Records as a companion record with her first greatest hits album Greatest Hits – Chapter One on November 19 2012. Similar her debut EP The Smoakstack Sessions The Smoakstack Sessions Vol. 2 was recorded at the The Smoakstack recording studios in Nashville Tennessee.
 Silver Missiles And Nightingales is the first and only album by the collaboration between Andy McCoy and Nasty Suicide (under the moniker The Suicide Twins).
 Karma Cleansing is a 1997 album by the Canadian hard rock band Harem Scarem. The album was released as Believe in Japan with the songs Cages and The Mirror being replaced with Staying Away and Baby with a Nail Gun. Believe was also released as a Special Edition featuring different versions of a few songs.
 Still Going Strong is the eleventh studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Anvil.
 In the Moment is the second studio album by American DJ and producer Kaskade.
 Live in Branson MO USA is a live album by American country music artist Connie Smith. The album was released in 1993 on Laserlight Records and was produced by Ralph Jungheim. It was Smith's first official album (other than compilations) since 1978's New Horizons.
 The Empire Strikes Back is the fifth studio album by Country Teasers.
 The Signature LP is Sway DaSafo's second album released on 5 October 2008. Most of the album was produced by Sway with his Dcypha Productions team; other producers included Louis Gibzen Guy Katsav and Akon.
 Thankful is a 1977 album by Natalie Cole.The single Our Love peaked at #10 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and topped the R&B Charts in 1978.
 Heads and Hearts is the fourth studio album by English post-punk band The Sound recorded in late 1984 and released in 1985 by record label Statik Records. Three singles were released from the album One Thousand Reasons Temperature Drop and Under You.
 Sanctuary is the tenth album by American rock band The J. Geils Band released in 1978 (see 1978 in music).A 1998 re-release on the Razor & Tie label added two bonus tracks taken from the 1982 live album Showtime!.
 Everybody Oughta Sing A Song is the second solo studio album by Australian pop singer John Farnham (billed then as Johnny Farnham) and was released on EMI Records in November 1968. Its first single released in July was the double A-sided Jamie/I Don't Want To Love You which peaked at #8 on the Go-Set National Singles Charts.
 The Mona Lisa's Sister is a 1988 album by Graham Parker. It was Parker's first album for RCA following an acrimonious split with Atlantic and the first he produced himself (with Brinsley Schwarz). The stripped-down sound of the album garnered critical acclaim and presaged a back-to-basics trend in rock music in the 1990s.[citation needed] It was re-released by Buddah Records in 1999 with a bonus track Ordinary Girl the B-side to Get Started. Start a Fire.
 Mixes is a remix album by Australian pop–dance singer Kylie Minogue. It was released by Deconstruction Records on 3 August 1998 in the United Kingdom. First released as a special edition vinyl album it was later released as a double-CD album due to the high demand from Minogue's fans. Mixes debuted at number sixty-three on the UK albums chart staying on the chart for one week before leaving the top seventy-five.
 Descendre is the ninth album by Norwegian jazz guitarist Terje Rypdal recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label.
 Sinatra 80th: All the Best is a double compilation disc album by Frank Sinatra. On the final track The Christmas Song is recorded both by Sinatra and Nat King Cole. The title like the previous album was released and named to coincide with Frank Sinatra's birthday as he was celebrating his 80th at the time.
 Spiral Castle is the twelfth album by heavy metal band Manilla Road released in 2002 by Iron Glory Records.
 Themes from Mr. Lucky the Untouchables and Other TV Action Jazz (also referred to as TV Action Jazz Volume 2) is the second album by American jazz guitarist Mundell Lowe and his All Stars to feature interpretations of theme music from private eye legal and police drama television programs recorded in 1960 for the RCA Camden label.
 Bing With A Beat was Bing Crosby's seventh long play album but his first recorded with RCA Victor.Bing With A Beat is a 1957 concept album where all the songs feature hot jazz and dixieland arrangements by Matty Matlock played by Bob Scobey's Frisco Jazz Band.
 Shake Me Up is the tenth studio album by the American rock band Little Feat released in 1991. (see 1991 in music). It was the last that they recorded with frontman Craig Fuller.
 Classic Gold is an album by American comedian George Carlin released on October 27 1992 on Atlantic Records. It contains the comedian's first three gold albums in their entirety: FM & AM (disc 1 tracks 1–10) Class Clown (disc 1 11–13 and disc 2 tracks 1–6) and Occupation: Foole (disc 2 tracks 7–17).
 Flashback with the Grateful Dead is an album by the rock band the Grateful Dead. It contains ten songs selected from eight of their studio albums that were originally released between 1969 and 1989. The compilation was released on CD on the Flashback label a subsidiary of Rhino Records on April 5 2011.
 Local 604 is a 2002 album by Canadian hip hop group Sweatshop Union. It is a reissue of the band's self-titled 2001 independent release with some new tracks.
 Out Here Like This is a jazz album released in 1987. It was the second album by the all-star jazz group The Leaders and the first to be released on the Italian Black Saint label. The album features performances by Lester Bowie Chico Freeman Arthur Blythe Cecil McBee Kirk Lightsey and Don Moye.
 Candy Rock is a 2003 album by the Japanese rock group Shonen Knife. It is one of their few albums not to be released in the United States. All of the songs are sung in Japanese.
 Sweet Talker is the first release by Ohio metalcore band Like Moths to Flames released on December 13 2010. The band released the first single from the EP Dead Routine on February 7 2010. Is the first and only release of the band with bassist Aaron Douglas and drummer Jordan Matz who left the band in 2011. After his departure guitarist Aaron Evans changed his position in the band playing bass and in place of Douglas Eli Ford joined on lead guitar.
 Emboscada is a rap album released by Puerto Rican singer Vico C.
 Triumph and Power is the seventh full-length album by Swedish heavy metal band Grand Magus. It was released on January 31 2014 on Nuclear Blast. Vocalist JB Christofferson described the album as really powerful majestic and less 'hard rocky' than previous album The Hunt (2012). Christofferson described Triumph and Power as really the essence of this band.
 Girl on Fire is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Alicia Keys. The album which was released on November 22 2012 is Keys' first release with RCA Records following Sony Music Entertainment's decision to close J Records during a company reshuffle. Girl on Fire was conceived shortly after Keys' marriage to record producer and rapper Swizz Beatz as well as the birth of her first child Egypt.
 Passion Session is the seventh album by Canadian guitarist Don Ross and his first on the Narada/Virgin label. It was recorded in Berlin Germany in the confines of the Passionskirche (The Church of the Passion) in Berlin's Kreuzberg neighborhood.
 Tjejer is a 1994 album from Swedish dansband Arvingarna.
 1-2-3 is the sixth album by The Howling Hex. It is composed of re-edited versions of songs previously issued on that band's first three albums. It was released as a CD by Drag City in 2005.
 When It's Polka Time at Your House is an album by Jimmy Sturr and His Orchestra released through Vanguard Records in 1991. In 1991 the album won Sturr the Grammy Award for Best Polka Recording.
 The Existence of Chance Is Everything and Nothing While the Greatest Achievement Is the Living of Life and so Say All of Us or simply 'All of Us is a 1968 release by the British psychedelic-rock group Nirvana which includes Tiny Goddess Trapeze and Frankie the Great. Their most well-known song Rainbow Chaser leads off with its prominent phasing effects; Tiny Goddess one of their ballads comes next.Rainbow Chaser was a #1 single in Denmark in April 1969 It stayed in the top 10 for a month.The cover shot is a monochrome reproduction of Les Conquérants (The Conquerors) painted in 1892 by Pierre Fritel and depicts some of world history's most famous figures leading a procession through a mass of dead bodies. 
 Soon After Silence is the sixth studio album from the Australian electronica artist Endorphin released in 2007.
 Strung Up is a 1975 double live/compilation album by Sweet released by RCA Records in 1975. The first disc contains seven songs recorded live during a concert at the Rainbow Theatre London on 21 December 1973. The second one contains ten selection of their songs recorded since 1973 including three songs that have not been released previously on any album (Burn On The Flame and Miss Demeanour) but only one (I Wanna Be Committed) is brand new.
 Country Joe was the seventh album of Country Joe McDonald released in 1975. It was reissued on CD in 1996 on the One Way Records label.
 King of the World is a 1980 album by French disco act Sheila and B. Devotion. The album which was both written and produced by Bernard Edwards and Nile Rodgers of American R&B band Chic includes the hit triple play Spacer which reached #18 on the UK charts in early 1980 and was a Top 10 hit in most of Europe selling more than 5 million copies worldwide and was twenty years later to be sampled by Swedish band Alcazar for their 2000 hit Crying At The Discotheque (#13 UK).
 Maná is the third overall album by the Latin American Mexican rock band currently known as Maná (formerly known as Sombrero Verde) and their first album published on the PolyGram label and performing as Maná. A new era began with the release of their self-titled debut album which became an important part of a musical movement called “Rock en Tu Idioma” (Rock In Your Language).
 Heaven Help The Fool was the second solo album by Grateful Dead rhythm guitarist Bob Weir released in 1978. It was recorded during an enforced vacation in the summer of 1977 when Grateful Dead drummer Mickey Hart was injured in a car crash. Weir recruited some well-known studio musicians for the project including Toto members David Paich and Mike Porcaro.
 In the Fishtank 13 features Solex and the Maarten Altena Ensemble
 Gang Forever is the first mixtape by American rap and hip hop collective HBK Gang founded by rapper Iamsu! The mixtape was released on August 6 2013.
 Untie Yourself is Taxi Violence's first studio album.
 The Yellow Album is the third soundtrack for the animated television series Spongebob Squarepants. It is mostly a collection of songs from the series that cover various genres some like You're Old extended to fit a full song. It was released on November 15 2005. The album is also an Enhanced CD containing two multimedia tracks which can only be accessed by playing the disc on a computer. The album has sold close to 30000 copies in the United States as of 2009.
 Gather the Faithful is the debut album of Finnish power metal band Cain's Offering an all-star project started by former Sonata Arctica guitarist Jani Liimatainen. It was recorded in 2009 in different studios in Finland and was released on July 22 2009 in Japan via Avalon.
 Mayhem is the third studio album by Irish rockabilly musician Imelda May released on 3 September 2010 on Decca Records.
 Menage a Trois is an independent label album released by Baby Bash his fifth album overall.
 The Multi-Platinum Debut Album is the debut full-length album by American hip hop group Hangar 18 released on June 15 2004 on Definitive Jux.
 If You Only Knew is the second album by American R&B singer Gina Thompson. It was scheduled to be released through Elektra Records/East West Records on September 21 1999 however it was shelved due to the failure and lack of commercial success for her lead singles Ya Di Ya (#38 U.S. R&B) and Caught Up. The album however was released by Elektra Records for a limited time due to the lukewarm success of Ya Di Ya.
 Icon is a compilation album by British rock group Queen released on June 11 2013 through the Hollywood label. The album was only released in the United States as a limited edition release.
 TPA Flight 028 is the second album by Canadian indie rock group Tristan Psionic. It was released in 1996 on Sonic Unyon a record label started by three members of the band. TPA is the IATA code of Tampa International Airport but it more likely stands for the fictional Tristan Psionic Airline.The album held the number one position for Canadian college radio for eight weeks. It also reached the top thirty on the CMJ (Top 200) college radio albums chart.
 Winners Never Quit is the second album by Pedro the Lion. It was released on March 28 2000 on Jade Tree Records. Although David Bazan played all of the instruments on the album Trey Many (drums) and Josh Golden (bass) joined Bazan on tour later that year.
 Deep Heat 2 – The Second Burn the second album in Telstar Records' hugely successful Deep Heat compilation series was released in April 1989. Containing 28 full length dance tracks it continued the series' success reaching #2 on the Compilations Chart and being awarded a UK Gold Disc for album sales in excess of 100000 copies. As with the rest of the series the album features numerous styles of dance music of the time including techno acid house and hip house.
 Still Alive and Well is the fifth studio album by Johnny Winter released in 1973.
 Sacred Island is an album by American blues/world artist Taj Mahal and Hawaiian music group The Hula Blues Band.
 Playboy: The Mansion Soundtrack is a soundtrack album by American DJ / producer Felix da Housecat released in 2005. It was released as the soundtrack to the 2005 business simulation video game Playboy: The Mansion but it also contains several tracks not present in the game making some view it as a promotional tie-in.
 So Sudden is the debut album of The Hush Sound. It was first released independently during early 2005. It was re-released after the band signed to Decaydance Records Fall Out Boy's Pete Wentz's independent record label.
 Work of Heart is the eleventh studio album by English folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper and was first released in 1982.
 Back to Reality is an album by Las Guanábanas released in 1998.
 The Magic of Christmas is a 1960 album by Nat King Cole arranged by Ralph Carmichael.This was Cole's only full album of Christmas songs although he had recorded several holiday singles earlier in his career.
 Back to Life is a studio album by English guitarist composer and improvisor Fred Frith. It comprises five classical chamber music pieces composed by Frith between 1993 and 2005 and was performed between 1998 and 2007 by Belgian pianist Daan Vandewalle United States percussionist William Winant and the Callithumpian Consort ensemble of the New England Conservatory of Music conducted by Stephen Drury.
 All We Know Is Falling is the debut studio album by American rock band Paramore released on July 26 2005. The album reached No. 8 on the UK Rock Chart. In the USA it reached No. 30 on the Billboard's Heatseekers Chart but failed to chart on the Billboard 200. According to Paramore's A&R at Atlantic Records Steve Robertson instead of giving the debut album a major radio promotional push he believed the band should start small and slowly build through word of mouth.
 Bring Me Victory is an EP by the doom metal band My Dying Bride. Bring Me Victory is a song from My Dying Bride's previous album For Lies I Sire; a video was made for the song and released on this EP. Scarborough Fair an English traditional song has two additional verses incorporated into it written by Aaron Stainthorpe. Failure is a cover of a song written by Swans. The original version had long been a highly respected song among the members of the band.
 I milanesi ammazzano il sabato (14 ricette di quotidiana macabra felicità) is a studio album by Italian Alternative Rock band Afterhours published May 2 2008 from Universal Music. On October 24 2008 is also published in the reissue of the disc with a CD that includes six additional tracks and two unreleased live version: Due di Noi and You know you're right (Nirvana cover).The title is inspired by the famous noir novel by Giorgio Scerbanenco: I milanesi ammazzano al sabato.
 Live at Winterland 1978 is a live album by Sex Pistols first released in its entirety in 2001. The last two songs were released in 1980 by Island Records on their two-disc TROUBLEMAKERS bookending the compilation.This is the Sex Pistols last ever concert (before reunion in 1996) recorded in San Francisco at the Winterland Ballroom.The Avengers one of the bands that opened for the Sex Pistols at this show also released their set from the night on an album of the same name.
 Stigmata-High Five is the seventh full-length album by the Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts released August 20 2006 (see 2006 in music). It is the band's first release on Relapse Records. Stigmata High-Five is also the first recording to feature Mathieu Vilandré on drums.
 Old Pine is an EP by British singer-songwriter Ben Howard. It was released on 2 April 2011 as a digital download on CD and LP. The songs on the EP were written by Howard and produced by Chris Bond. The cover art was designed by Owen Tozer based on photography by Roddy Bow. A promotional single was released for the EP with the same cover art but with a different colour disc and containing only the song Old Pine.
 Consecration is an album by American jazz saxophonist Charles Gayle featuring performances recorded in 1993 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 Out of the Night is the first release by the American hard rock band Great White in 1983. It was independently released and sold more than 8000 copies in less than three months with the band supporting Dokken in their 1983 US tour. This led to EMI picking up the band for their first full-length eponymous LP.
 FabricLive.16 is a DJ mix compilation album by Adam Freeland as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Teeth and Tissue is the second album by Canadian rock band Headstones.
 Surrender To The Night is the second album by Trans Am released in 1997.
 Tripping the Live Fantastic is Paul McCartney's first official live album and his first release of concert material since Wings' 1976 Wings over America live package. It was released in 1990 as triple LP double cassette and double CD. Tripping the Live Fantastic reached number 16 in the UK and number 26 in the US. It was also simultaneously released in an abridged form entitled Tripping the Live Fantastic: Highlights!.
 Dreamchild was the sixth solo album released by Toyah Willcox since leaving Toyah and was released in 1994 via Cryptic Records in Germany. It is the album with the least amount of input from Toyah herself as almost every track was composed by Mike Bennett with Toyah contributing lyrics to only one track. The dance nature of the album also contrasts with the rest of her catalogue making it Toyah appear more of a guest vocalist than the leading artist on her own album.
 För sent för edelweiss is the fifth studio album by the Swedish singer Håkan Hellström released on March 26 2008. It was produced by Håkan Hellström with Joakim Åhlund. Three singles were released from the album; För en lång lång tid Jag vet inte vem jag är men jag vet att jag är din and Kär i en ängel.
 God Fixation is the eighteenth release of the Christian rock band Petra. It was released on April 21 1998.The album features 3 new members: guitarist Pete Orta guitarist/keyboardist Kevin Brandow and bassist Lonnie Chapin. All new members worked on the music and lyrics of the new songs contributing heavily to the sound of this album which is more modern and less driving than most of their previous work.
 Fire Escape in the Sky: The Godlike Genius of Scott Walker is a compilation album of previously released Scott Walker material compiled by Julian Cope and released by Zoo Records (catalogue no. Zoo Two) in 1981. The album's title Fire Escape in the Sky is taken from the lyrics of the song Big Louise from Walker's album Scott 3.
 True Love is the eighth studio album and ninth album overall by Pat Benatar. It is a jump blues record released in 1991. It peaked at #37 on the U.S. Billboard 200. Pat Benatar recorded the album with Neil Giraldo Myron Grombacher and the Roomful of Blues horn section and drummer.
 Oh Blue Christmas is an EP by the American band A Fine Frenzy released in November 2009 in the United States through Virgin Records. It was initially released exclusively through Target just two months following the group's previous studio album Bomb in a Birdcage. The EP contains cover versions of three popular holiday songs (Blue Christmas Winter Wonderland and Christmas Time Is Here from A Charlie Brown Christmas) as well as three original tracks.
 Caoineadh na Maighdine (The Virgin's Lament) is a music album by Irish singer Nóirín Ní Riain with the Monks of Glenstal Abbey. It was released in 1980 and has since been re-released worldwide in various formats.
 Somewhere in England is the ninth studio album by George Harrison released in 1981. The album was recorded as Harrison was becoming increasingly frustrated with the music industry. The album's making was a long one during which conflicts with Warner Bros. Records arose. Somewhere in England was the first Harrison album to be released after the death of his former Beatles bandmate John Lennon.
 Boogie People is a studio album released by George Thorogood. It was released in 1991 on the EMI label. The album peaked at #77 on the Billboard 200.
 Youngblood is an album by the jazz drummer Elvin Jones recorded in 1992 and released on the Enja label.
 Armageddon (Russian: Армагеддон) is the tenth studio album by Aria and the first after signing to the CD-Maximum label. It shows a bit of power metal influence uncommon for the band.Track #8 Chuzhoy reached the 1st position on the Russian radio charts.It was the last album of the band to feature Artur Berkut on its line-up.
 Gone Wild is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show which was first released in November 2002. It is a two-disc set which represents original material recorded during their syndicated daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.
 Disco Romance is the debut album by Swedish electronic duo Sally Shapiro. It was released in Europe on 22 November 2006 by Diskokaine and in North America on 30 October 2007 by Paper Bag Records.
 Pieces Of Woo: The Other Side is the fourth solo album by former Parliament-Funkadelic keyboardist Bernie Worrell. The album was released by CMP Records in Germany in 1993 and would be the only album that Bernie Worrell would record for the label. The album tracks lean towards classic and experimental music. Pieces Of Woo features Fred Wesley Buckethead and Umar Bin Hassan from the Last Poets.
 Captain Fingers is the third studio album by guitarist Lee Ritenour released in 1977 through Epic Records.
 EFX was a musical album released of David Cassidy's version of the Las Vegas show EFX. The album was released in 1997 and only made available on compact disc through the MGM Grand. Cassidy was the headline performer for EFX for two years.During his tenure as a headliner of EFX Cassidy wrote and recorded the song Intergalactic Circus of Wonder.
 Miss You is a compilation album by The Stranglers.
 Let It Roll is an album released in 1989 by Don Johnson on the Epic/CBS Records label. Barbra Streisand contributed background vocals on What If It Takes All Night. It also features Johnson's rendition of Aaron Neville's Tell It Like It Is.
 Emerson Lake & Powell is the only studio album by the ELP offshoot band of the same name released in 1986.
 Lace Around the Wound is the second album by American singer actress and musician E.G. Daily released in 1989. In the UK the album was titled Fly.The album signaled a change in direction for Daily from synthpop to rock. The lead single Some People peaked at #33 on the American Dance Chart. After A&M failed to promote the album Daily parted ways with the label.The album was produced by various producers mainly Lotti Golden and Tommy Faragher both American musicians and producers.
 That's Entertainment! is a 1960 album by the American vocalist Judy Garland arranged by Jack Marshall.
 Ton-Ton Macoute! is the 1970 album by Johnny Jenkins a former bandleader who first hired Otis Redding in his band The Pinetoppers as a singer. Ton-Ton Macoute! was originally intended as a Duane Allman solo album before he departed to form The Allman Brothers. Most of the guitar tracks were played by Allman and Jenkins later supplied the vocal tracks. The album is a blend of Southern Blues/Rock/Country/Soul.
 Changin' Lanes is the eighth solo studio album by Houston hip hop rapper Lil Keke. It is his first double disc - the second is screwed and chopped - with 29 tracks. It was released on November 25 2003 under Commission Music. Guest appearances include Z-Ro 8Ball & MJG Paul Wall Slim Thug Lil Flip Big Hawk Papa Reu and more.
 Eleven is the eleventh album by Japanese hard rock band B'z released on December 6 2000. The catalogue code for this album is BMCR-7046. The album sold only 756910 copies in its first week becoming the first full-length studio album not to break the million mark in its first week since Risky. However the album managed to sell over 1132180 copies.
 Perfect Day is the second studio album released by German Eurodance group Cascada. The entire album was produced by the two disc jockeys from Cascada Yanou and DJ Manian. Like its predecessor the album is comprised heavily of up-tempo eurodance tracks many of which are cover songs. This album however features covers of songs from the early 2000s of the rock and country genres with the exception of Because the Night (originally released by Patti Smith) which was released in 1978.
 To the Nines is the sixth studio album by the Danish death/thrash metal band Hatesphere. To the Nines peaked at number 36 on the Tracklisten the Danish top 40 record chart.
 Urbanus is the seventh album by jazz vibraphonist Stefon Harris. It was released in August 2009 on Concord Records Harris's first release with the label his previous six releases were on Blue Note Records. The self-produced album was Harris's second with his band Blackout the first being 2004's Evolution. It reached number 15 on the Billboard Top Traditional Jazz Albums chart and was nominated for the 2010 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Album.
 Negatron was the eighth album released by Canadian heavy metal band Voivod. It was released in 1995 on Hypnotic Records. It is also the first album to feature Eric Forrest on bass and vocals.
 The Columbia Years 1943–1952: The Complete Recordings is a 1993 box set album by the American singer Frank Sinatra.This twelve-disc set contains 285 songs Sinatra recorded during his nine-year career with Columbia Records.
 Remind Me Where the Light Is is the second album from the U.S. band Great Northern.
 Enter The Meatmarket is the second studio album by American DJ Armand Van Helden. This album is more hip hop oriented than its predecessor.
 Billy Taylor with Four Flutes is an album by American jazz pianist Billy Taylor featuring tracks recorded in 1959 for the Riverside label.
 Introducing the second album by the band Foxy Shazam was released on January 22 2008. Recording for the album began shortly after touring ended in August 2007. They traveled to a studio in Seattle to record. They joined Piermont Management which is partially owned by The Number Twelve Looks Like You's frontman Jesse Korman. The band also picked up a label while on tour called New Weathermen an imprint of Ferret Music.The album was produced by Casey Bates (Chiodos Portugal. The Man).
 Dove c'è musica (Where There Is Music) is the seventh studio album by Italian pop/rock singer Eros Ramazzotti released in 1996 on the BMG label. It is Ramazzotti's first self-produced album and the first without any involvement from long-time collaborator Piero Cassano. Dove c'è musica was Ramazzotti's most successful album to that point topping the Albums chart in six countries including Italy and Germany and selling an estimated 7000000 copies.
 The Boomtown Rats' Greatest Hits is a compilation album of The Boomtown Rats' singles on Columbia Records from 1979 to 1985.
 Triumph or Agony is the seventh album studio released by Rhapsody of Fire in Europe on 25 September 2006.It is the first album that the band released after their name change. Triumph or Agony features a live 70 piece orchestra and choir and was again self-produced by guitarist/songwriter Luca Turilli and keyboardist/songwriter Alex Staropoli with assistance from co-producer Sascha Paeth.
 Pitch Black Progress is the second studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band Scar Symmetry. The album was released in Europe on April 21 2006 and in North America on May 2 2006 through Nuclear Blast.Pitch Black Progress was recorded mixed and mastered at Black Lounge Studios Avesta Sweden on various occasions during 2005 by Jonas Kjellgren.[citation needed] The album's artwork and layout was created by Anthony Clarkson.
 Heroine is the second studio album by American post-hardcore band From First to Last. It was released on March 21 2006 through Epitaph Records. It peaked at number 25 on the Billboard 200 selling more than 33000 copies within its first week. It is the band's highest-selling album and has sold more than 232000 copies as of April 2008. The album has spawned two singles: The Latest Plague and Shame Shame.
 Communion is the seventh studio album by Greek death metal band Septicflesh. It was released on March 17 2008 worldwide and March 25 2008 in the United States both dates through the French label Season of Mist. The album is the first since the band's split up after the release of Sumerian Daemons in 2003 and the first to be released under the name Septicflesh following the band's name change.
 The following is media and release information for the MegaMan NT Warrior anime and manga series known in Japan as Rockman EXE (ロックマンエグゼ Rokkuman Eguze). The former is composed of five anime series (EXE Axess Stream Beast Beast+) and one feature-length film. The anime series began on March 4 2002 in Japan and EXE and Axess were subsequently adapted in English airing May 17 2003.The film Rockman EXE: Program of Light and Dark aired in Japan on March 12 2005.
 For other uses see The Best Years of Our Lives (disambiguation)The Best Years of Our Lives is the eighteenth studio album by Neil Diamond. It was released by Columbia Records in 1988 and reached number 46 on the Billboard 200 chart number 42 on the UK album chart and number 92 on the Australian chart.The album was certified gold by the RIAA on February 16 1989.
 Romantics & Mystics is the fifth album by Steve Bell. The album won the Juno Award for Best Gospel Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 1998. The song Moon Over Birkenau later received a 2008 GMA Canada nomination for Instrumental Song Of The Year.
 Arkansas is a rarities compilation by the Residents. All of the songs on the album were recorded during the Bunny Boy sessions.
 Darker My Love is the first album by the Los Angeles band Darker My Love. It was released on 22 August 2006 by Dangerbird Records.
 Remedies is the third album released by New Orleans R&B artist Dr. John. The photography was by Steve LaVere taken in 1969 at the Whisky a Go Go.In his interview with Uncut Magazine (October 2010) Dr. John explained the bad trip environment which led to the epic closing track Angola Anthem:My managers put me in a psych ward. These guys were very bad people – I had gotten busted on a deal and they got me bonded out of jail and so when they did I could have got a parole violation.
 Here's Hope! is an album by jazz pianist Elmo Hope which was originally released on the Celebrity label.
 Six: Pieces for Orchestra is the second classical solo album by Genesis keyboardist Tony Banks. It was released by Naxos Records in 2012. The suite is performed by the City of Prague Philharmonic Orchestra and conducted by Paul Englishby. Two of the pieces feature soloists; Martin Robertson plays alto saxophone on Siren and Charlie Siem plays violin on Blade.
 This Is the New That is the fourth album by American singer-songwriter Jonathan Byrd. It was officially released March 21 2007 although online availability began in late December 2006. While Byrd's earlier recordings have been in more of a traditional folk vein ranging at times from bluegrass to world music this release places Byrd's song craft in somewhat more of a rock setting.
 My Cup of T is the first EP by Theresa Fu was released on July 18 2007. A second edition was released on September 7 2007 with music videos of all six songs.
 Smiling Kelly is the third album released by Singaporean singer Kelly Poon. It was released on October 22 2008 in Taiwan and November 7 2008 in Singapore.
 Nick Mason's Fictitious Sports is the debut album by Pink Floyd's drummer Nick Mason fronted The Fictitious Sports band. Released in May 1981 in the UK and US this was Mason's first major work outside of Pink Floyd. However the album is considered by many a Carla Bley album in all but name since she wrote all the songs and co-produced it. It is sung by Robert Wyatt except for the opening song.
 To the Bone is the tenth solo album by Kris Kristofferson released in 1981 his last for Monument Records. It is his first album after his divorce from Rita Coolidge and many of its songs deal with relationship decline. Nobody Loves Anybody Anymore became a minor hit.
 Guet-Apens is the sixth studio album by the French progressive rock band Ange and the first without Jean Michel Brezovar and Daniel Haas. It was released in 1978.
 Adrenaline Rush released in 1997 is the third studio album by rap artist Twista. It was his second album nationally released after his previous effort Resurrection was shelved outside of Chicago. The album had guest artists: Johnny P Liffy Stokes Miss Kane Malif Mayz and Turtle Banks. The first single off the album was Emotions a song which reworked the chorus of the Do or Die hit Po Pimp (on which Twista was featured).
 Music Hole is the third studio album by French singer Camille released on April 7 2008.It was co-written with English producer MaJiKer.In the EPK for the album Camille advised that the title Music Hole refers to the main parts of her body that make music.
 Stagioni is the nineteenth album by Italian singer-songwriter Francesco Guccini. The title means seasons and three of the songs of the album are named after a season. It was released in 2000 by EMI and was at the top of the Italian album chart for one week.
 Illuminations is the seventeenth studio album from rock band Wishbone Ash recorded during 1995. It features a brand new version of the band with founding member Andy Powell along with new members Tony Kishman Roger Filgate and Mike Sturgis. It is the first Wishbone Ash studio album since Strange Affair five years earlier.In order to fund the album's production founding member Andy Powell reached out to friends and family via the Internet.
 Brooklyn's Don Diva is the fourth studio album by American hip-hop artist Foxy Brown. Released on May 13 2008 it was intended to be the follow-up to 2001's Broken Silence. According to Rolling Stone magazine the album would be released prior to Black Roses the album that she has been working on since 2004 and was recorded in Chung King Studios in New York City. However Brown has claimed that the album was originally a mixtape and later decided to release in stores as an album.
 Blaqkout (stylized as BlaQKout) is a collaboration album by rapper/record producer DJ Quik and rapper Kurupt. It is completely produced by DJ Quik. The album debuted at #61 on the Billboard 200 selling 8800 copies its first week.
 Space Love & Bullfighting is a studio album released by the American eclectic rock band Havalina in 2002.
 Waved Out is Robert Pollard's second solo album released in 1998 on Matador Records.
 Beyond the Sea is the fifth full-length album by Spanish neo-classical metal band Dark Moor.Recorded during Summer 2004 it was released in early 2005. It is the band's first record to feature new bassist Dani Fernandez. The song Beyond the Sea was featured on a compilation in the memory of producer Big Simon.
 Sädemeid taevast is the first compilation album by Estonian singer Laura Põldvere. It was released on 22 December in 2011. It consists of all singles released by Laura Põldvere between 2005 and 2011. A new single titled 2020 was released in November 2011. The title song Sädemeid taevast was originally released on Laura's second studio album Ultra and served as a third single.
 Bare Faced Cheek is a full-length album by the Punk band Toy Dolls.
 Happy Reunion is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded in 1956 and 1958 but not released on the Sony label until 1985. The album features two small group sessions led by Ellington and recorded in Chicago.
 Soul Survivor is the fourth studio album released by Dutch death metal band Gorefest. It was released in 1996 on Nuclear Blast Records.
 Legend of the Black Shawarma is the seventh studio album by psychedelic trance duo Infected Mushroom released on 8 September 2009. The album is named after a shawarma a Middle Eastern wrap/sandwich; the equivalent of the döner kebab in Turkey or the gyros in Greece. The title was also inspired by Shawarma Hazan a shawarma restaurant where Erez and Amit used to eat in their hometown Haifa.
 The Witch Hammer is the third album by Shinjuku Thief released in 1993 through Dorobo Records.
 A Hundred Lovers is the sixth and final album from Timbuk 3. It was released in 1995.
 Eine Kleine Nachtmusik is a live album released by English heavy metal band Venom in 1986. It contains partial recordings of two different concerts with two different setlists. The first disc contains a show recorded at Hammersmith Odeon in London on 8 October 1985 and the second disc recorded at The Ritz in New York City on 4 and 5 April 1986. The title Eine Kleine Nachtmusik is German for A Little Night Music. The title is taken from the Mozart's piece of the same name.
 Because of You is the debut album by American singer Tony Bennett. It was originally released in 1952 on Columbia as CL 6221 then reissued in 1956 (CL 2550) as part of House Party Series.
 More Tales from the Orbservatory is the twelfth studio album from ambient house duo The Orb released on 3 June 2013.
 All Soul is an album by jazz organist Johnny Hammond Smith recorded for the New Jazz label in 1959.
 Tanpopo Single V Clips 1 (タンポポ シングルＶクリップス①) is a DVD compilation containing promotional videos of Tanpopo's songs including close-up versions and TV commercials as well. It was released on June 16 2004 on the Zetima label.
 5 6 7 8 – Bullenstaat! [5 6 7 8 – Cop state!] is an album by Die Ärzte. It was sold at concerts. Now the album is available as a digital download for free on Die Ärzte's site. There are also songs from 1 2 3 4 – Bullenstaat! as bonus tracks.
 ReadySexGo is the third and final album from Atlanta rock band Marvelous 3. It was released on September 12 2000. The album produced two singles Sugarbuzz and Get Over that received moderate regional airplay.
 Take That: The Ultimate Tour is a video by boyband Take That.
 Life and Death of an American Fourtracker was the third album by John Vanderslice released in 2002.
 Sons of Satan Gather for Attack is a split album between Dimmu Borgir and Old Man's Child. It is actually a compilation of two EPs: Dimmu Borgir's Devil's Path and Old Man's Child's In the Shades of Life. It was originally released in 1999 as Devil's Path/In the Shades of Life by Hammerheart Records. In 2004 it was re-released by Candlelight Records with a new name.
 Huntsville 1996 is a live album by Athens Georgia's Widespread Panic. The three disc set is the third release from the Widespread Panic archives. The performance was recorded live at Von Braun Civic Center Arena in Huntsville Alabama on April 3 1996. The multi-track recordings feature all original band members including late guitarist Michael Houser.
 You're A Shadow is the second studio album by Hungry Kids of Hungary which was released on February 22 2013 in Australia via stop start/EMI. The album was produced by Wayne Connolly at Alberts Studios in Sydney Australia. The album artwork was created by We Buy Your Kids.
 The Official Box Set of the Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas soundtracks released internationally on December 7 2004.The 8 disc collection contains highlights from San Andreas's in game radio stations such as Radio X: The Alternative and Radio Los Santos including period early-1990s hits and modern classics such as Rage Against the Machine's Killing in the Name and 2Pac's I Don't Give a Fuck respectively.
 The Best of Lou Reed & The Velvet Underground is a compilation of some of Lou Reed's and some of The Velvet Underground's songs. It was released in 1995.
 我沒有變過 愛的習慣 is Justin Lo's fifth studio album which was released on June 22 2010.
 The Atrocity Exhibition... Exhibit A is the eighth studio album by thrash metal band Exodus released on October 23 2007. This is the second album to feature Rob Dukes on vocals and Lee Altus on guitars but it also marks the second comeback of longtime original Exodus drummer Tom Hunting. Hunting's last appearance was on Exodus's 2004 album Tempo of the Damned. The album takes its name from an experimental novel of the same name by J.G. Ballard published in 1970.
 The songs found on the album were written and recorded before the Toilet Böys' final tour with the Red Hot Chili Peppers. This album also includes one new track (Drug of Choice) recorded by the three remaining members of the band Sean Guy and Electric Eddie and a remix by each of them.
 This Is It! (The A&M Years 1979–1989) released in February 1997 is a Joe Jackson compilation double album covering his period with A&M Records between 1979 and 1989.
 Best of Benassi Bros. is a best of/greatest hits album released by Benassi Bros in 2005. There are two versions of the album one released in France and the other released in Germany a year later.
 Vanity 6 is the 1982 self-titled debut studio album by the R&B girl group Vanity 6 released on Warner Bros. Records. The group had been created by Prince as an outlet for his prolific song writing. All three women in the group (Vanity Brenda Bennett Susan Moonsie) shared lead and background vocals.
 Down in the Boondocks is the second studio album by Billy Joe Royal released in 1965 the same year as his self-titled debut album.There were three singles released from the album all reaching the Top 40; the album title track (#9) I Knew You When (#14) and I've Got to Be Somebody (#38). The album also landed on the Pop Albums chart peaking at #96.
 Chasing Time is a compilation album recorded by the Progressive metal group Fates Warning. The album was released on July 25 1995. It includes 14 songs from all the band's periods including 1 unreleased remix and 2 unreleased songs. It is the only compilation album the band has released.
 Journeys by DJ originated as a UK dance music record label which started as a series of DJ mix albums or mixtapes on the Music Unites label in 1992 and moved from London to New York in 2000. Journeys by DJ was the first record label to focus exclusively on the art and format of the DJ mix as opposed to singles 12 singles artist albums and compilations.
 Le Tour De La Question is a Live album by the French progressive rock band Ange. It was released in 2007.
 Darkly Darkly Venus Aversa is the ninth studio album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth. It was released on 1 November 2010 by Peaceville Records and is a concept album centered on the demon Lilith. Earlier the album was erroneously referred to as All Hallows Eve probably because the announced release date was close to Hallowe'en.It is Cradle of Filth's's only album to feature keyboardist Ashley Ellyllon and is also the band's final album with Dave Pybus as their bass player.
 King of tha Supa Dupa Hyphy is a compilation album released by Keak da Sneak.
 Stories Of Brothers Tales Of Lovers is Bend Sinister's second album which was released October 21 2008. This album could be classified as a follow-up concept album to their self-titled EP. The first single The Same Things was released on September 16 2008.The album was produced and mixed by Vancouver's Shawn F. Cole co-owner of FaderMaster studios.The album takes you on a roller coaster ride through the stories of brothers and lovers; hence the album name.
 Keeping in Touch is the tenth studio album by Anne Murray released in 1976. In the U.S. the album peaked at number 26 on the country album charts and number 96 on the pop albums chart and in Canada the album reached number 64.
 The Sound of McAlmont and Butler is the debut album from rock/soul duo McAlmont and Butler recorded in 1994/95 and released in 1995 after the duo had split up. The album is essentially a compilation comprising both of the band's singles and the bonus tracks thereof alongside two unreleased tracks.
 Jump the Gun is the third album of the Danish hard rock/heavy metal band Pretty Maids produced by Roger Glover and released in 1990.The title was changed to Lethal Heroes for its US release.
 Demo-litions: Cast-off Recordings 1996-97 is a 2011 compilation album by the Crash Test Dummies. It consists of unreleased demos made during the songwriting process that eventually resulted in the album Give Yourself a Hand. The album was self-released via the band's website on April 19 2011 as both a limited edition CD and MP3 download.
 The Misfits box set is a box set of material by the horror punk band the Misfits released in 1996 by Caroline Records. Packaged in a coffin-shaped velvet-lined box the set includes four compact discs covering most of the band's recorded material from the years when Glenn Danzig was their singer and songwriter. It also includes a Fiend Club pin and a booklet containing photographs song lyrics a discography and a history of the band written by their photographer and associate Eerie Von.
 Fire is the debut album of Electric Six released in 2003.The album received generally positive critical reviews. Rolling Stone called the album the summer's most brilliantly demented party record and Blender hailed the music as convincingly ferocious.Three singles were released from the album: Danger! High Voltage which reached #10 in the U.S.
 One Bad Habit is a jazz vocal album by Michael Franks released in 1980 by Warner Bros. Records. It was Franks' sixth studio album and the first to receive significant radio play in the United States.
 The Best of Ray Stevens is a collection of previously recorded songs by Ray Stevens. The sixth track Santa Claus Is Watching You was electronically re-recorded to simulate stereo.The back of the album contains an essay by Bob Scherl that explains how Stevens helped change Nashville's reputation from being a marketplace for only country music to that of all types of popular music.
 Unison is Celine Dion's first home video released on VHS on July 2 1991. It includes the music videos from her English debut album Unison. This collection features never before used version of Calling You previously unreleased version of Dion's breakthrough hit Where Does My Heart Beat Now (Canadian black-and-white version mixed with the U.S.
 Back II da Basics is the fifth album by American recording artist Ginuwine. Released by Epic Records on November 15 2005 in the United States production for the album originally began in July 2003. Although Ginuwine initially revealed that he was planning to reteam with longtime contributor Timbaland on the entirety of the album their collaboration failed to materialize due to scheduling conflicts.
 Yes Sir I Will released by Crass in 1983 (see 1983 in music) was the band's last 'official' album. The original vinyl release contained no banding between songs thus presenting the contents as one long piece split over both sides (the CD release was tracked by individual song).
 Streetcore is the third and final studio album by Joe Strummer & the Mescaleros. The album was completed after the death of frontman Joe Strummer primarily by Martin Slattery and Scott Shields and released on 21 October 2003. The album marks the band's transition from their previous genre-bending work to a more straight forward rock album reminiscent of Strummer's early work with The Clash.
 The Bells of 1 2 is the debut solo album of Sol Seppy. It was released in 2006 on Grönland Records.The track Gold was used in the CBS television series Without a Trace season 5 episode 17: Deep Water. Enter One was used in the BBC Three television series Ideal series 4 Episodes 7 and 8 and was also used in CSI: Miami season 5 episode 15: Man Down. Enter One was also heard in a trailer for the 2014 movie titled The Rover.
 No-No's (Leftovers and Live Songs) is the second official CD release by the antifolk group Elastic No-No Band. It is a compilation of songs that were never intended for a specific album and includes many live performances.The CD version includes 3 unlisted tracks that are not available when the album is purchased as a download (as from a retailer like iTunes for example).
 Negatives 2 is Phantom Planet's second collection of rare demos and tracks released on their official bootleg site in 2004 after initially being released to fanclub members only.
 The Oracle of Hi-Fi is the fifth studio album by Canadian rock band Headstones. It was released in 2002 under Maple Music.
 Charlotte is an album by the Swedish singer Charlotte Nilsson released in 1999 as her debut album as a solo artist. In Korea Charlotte was released as a 2 disc special with CD 2 being all the songs from the Miss Jealousy album.
 Local Licks Live '95 is the seventh CD of live music recorded for KLBJ's Local Licks Live. The proceeds from this benefit CD went to the Austin Victims of Domestic Violence Emergency Fund.
 Knocked Out Loaded is the twenty-fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan released on July 14 1986 by Columbia Records.The album was received poorly upon release and is still considered by some critics to be one of Dylan's least-engaging efforts. However the 11-minute epic Brownsville Girl—co-written by Sam Shepard—has been cited as one of his best by some critics.
 Electric Mile (2001) is the fifth album by G. Love & Special Sauce released in 2001.
 Love on the Beat is a 1984 album by French singer and songwriter Serge Gainsbourg. On this album Gainsbourg used American musicians to achieve a funk-heavy rock sound. The album was controversial due to its very sexual lyrical content with prostitution as the subject matter on many of the tracks. Perhaps most controversial was Lemon Incest which was set to Frédéric Chopin's Étude No.
 Playgirlz is the debut Japanese album of South Korean girl group After School released on March 14 2012 in Japan under Avex Trax. The album was released in three versions a CD & DVD Limited Press Edition a CD & DVD Edition and a regular CD Edition. It was preceded by the singles Bang! Diva and double A-side Rambling Girls/Because of You.
 De Otra Manera (English: From Another Way) is the third studio album by Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel released in 2002 by then independent label Lideres Entertainment Group.
 Vrelina (Serbian Cyrillic: Врелина; trans. Heat) is the third studio album from former Yugoslav and Serbian hard rock/heavy metal band Osvajači. It is the only album recorded with vocalist Nenad Jovanović.Ballad Tragovi is a cover of Rainbow song Rainbow Eyes from their 1977 album Long Live Rock 'n' Roll.
 Teenage Graffiti is the second studio album by the American rock band The Pink Spiders released on August 1 2006. It is the band's major label debut.
 Live in Germania is the first live album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was recorded at four venues in Germany during the Heaven Shall Burn 1996 tour engineered and edited at The Abyss and released on July 7 1997 by Osmose Productions. The album was originally announced by the band as titled The Black Years but this was later opted out.[citation needed] Live in Germania is the only Marduk album to feature Peter Tägtgren of Hypocrisy and also the band's mixer on guitar.
 Binedump EP is a compilation EP released by The Flashbulb just months after his 2005 album Kirlian Selections.All of the tracks on this EP had been previously released on Kirlian Selections except for Binedump (Acidwolf Mix). Also the version of the track 'Dishevel' found on the EP is longer than the album version.
 The Roads Outgrown is an EP released by the band The Frames. It is a collection of B-sides covers live songs and reworked versions of earlier songs. The EP was released solely in the United States on August 19 2003.Lay Me Down and Headlong are different versions of songs originally recorded on the band's 2001 album For the Birds.
 A Story-Gram From Vinyl Cafe Inc. (2004) is an 2-CD album by Stuart McLean released by Vinyl Cafe Productions.Stuart McLean’s The Vinyl Cafe one of CBC Radio’s most popular programs is a weekly ritual for tens of thousands of Canadians.
 Somewhere in Time is the sixth studio album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden released on 29 September 1986 on EMI in Europe and its sister label Capitol Records in the US. (It was re-released by Sanctuary/Columbia Records in the US in 1998). The studio follow-up to the hugely successful Powerslave/Live After Death pair it was their first album to feature guitar synthesisers.
 What You See Is What You Sweat is an album by Aretha Franklin released on Arista Records in 1991.
 Cold Cold Hearts released only one full length album in 1997 a follow-up to their 7 single Yer So Sweet (Baby Donut).
 The Crown Jewels is a box set by Queen which comprises their first eight studio albums; Queen Queen II Sheer Heart Attack A Night at the Opera A Day at the Races News of the World Jazz and The Game; in sleeves replicating the original vinyl packaging. The last three albums in the set (News of the World Jazz and The Game) all have modified packaging with alternative covers. A lyric booklet is also included. All the albums have been remastered.
 Marshmellow Playground is a children's album by the American rapper mc chris. It became available for preorder February 15 2011 and was officially released on March 4 2011.
 Ultraphobic is the fourth studio album by American rock band Warrant. Released on March 7 1995 on CMC International after the apparent break-up of the band the record was regarded as the band's comeback album. It features former Kingdom Come and Wild Horses members Rick Steier and James Kottak who came in to replace original band members Joey Allen and Steven Sweet.
 Elaine Paige Live is a live solo album by Elaine Paige recorded in 2009 and released in 2009 to coincide with Paige's 40th anniversary concert tour.It was produced by Paige and the tour's musical director Chris Egan.
 Christmas Time with Oleta is a holiday album by the American vocalist pianist and songwriter Oleta Adams and was released in 2006.
 Snow Globe is the fifteenth studio album by English synthpop duo Erasure. The album was released through Mute Records on 11 November 2013 in the UK and 12 November 2013 in North America. The album has a holiday music theme including classic Christmas carols with original tracks written by band members Vince Clarke and Andy Bell.The band purposely went with a stripped-down and eerie feel to many of the tracks. Clarke has stated Everything about Christmas has been written already.
 From Demos to Demons: 1989-1992 is the title of a compilation album by the Swedish rock band Backyard Babies. The record was released in 2002. Track 1 on disc 1 is the first track they ever recorded in 1989. Tracks 2-10 on disc 1 are from the 1989 Tyrant demo. Tracks 11-16 on disc 1 are from the 1990 Backyard Babies demo. Tracks 1-9 on disc 2 are from the 1991 Bit & Chew Demo. Tracks 10-17 on disc 2 are from the 1992 Diesel & Power demo.
 Faktion is the self-titled debut album by the five-piece alternative rock/hard rock music group Faktion. The album was released on March 21 2006 via Roadrunner Records.
 Final Exam is a 1978 album by Loudon Wainwright III. It was re-released on Telarc in 2006 at the time of his European tour as a double-disk album coupled with his 1976 album T Shirt.At this point in his career Wainwright was including a lot of electric and rockier songs. After poor reviews of T-Shirt and Final Exam the latter became his last studio album for five years. He emerged reborn as an acoustic writer backed by acoustic folk/rock musicians.
 Rheingold is the eleventh studio album by German band Grave Digger. It is a concept album based on Richard Wagner's The Ring of the Nibelung. The album was released in 2003.Many lines of the lyrics are quoted or paraphrased from (an English translation of) Wagner. The music also has occasional references to Wagner the most obvious one perhaps being the intro to the song Dragon which is the Siegfried's Horn Call leitmotif.
 My World is the debut extended play (EP) by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber. It was released on 17 November 2009 by Island Records. The album is considered the first half of a two-piece project later being supplemented by his debut studio album My World 2.0 (2010). After signing a recording contract in light of his growing popularity on YouTube Bieber worked with collaborators including his mentor Usher in addition to producers Tricky Stewart The-Dream and Midi Mafia.
 Verisäkeet (Blood Verses) is the fourth full-length album by Finnish metal band Moonsorrow. It was released on February 23 2005 through Spinefarm Records. The album comes in a full-black shining case with golden Moonsorrow logo with the original booklet inside. The United States release of the album through Season of Mist however is packaged in a clear jewel case displaying the album's artwork.
 F-Stops is an album by American jazz trombonist and composer Craig Harris recorded in 1993 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 Advent Parallax is the fourth full-length studio album released by American black metal band Averse Sefira. It was released in 2008 on Candelight Records with a vinyl pressing by independent label The Ajna Offensive. Over the course of its eight tracks it is divided into 4 sections Anoint (tracks 1 & 2) Alight (tracks 3 & 4) Align (tracks 5 & 6) and Shine (tracks 7 & 8). The credits proudly state that No keyboards were used in this recording.
 Too Much Yang is the sixth studio album made by the Norwegian rock band BigBang. It was released in Norway March 19 2007 at Warner Music and Grand Sport Records. The album was received generally well by critics in Norway although it is not considered one of their strongest.
 Take Control is the debut album from electro-pop duo Dangerous Muse. After several years of producing music their debut album was finished.
 So This is Goodbye is the second album by Junior Boys released in Canada on August 22 2006. Written by Jeremy Greenspan and Matthew Didemus it features a cover of the Frank Sinatra song When No One Cares. The album was recorded in Hamilton Canada.[citation needed]So This Is Goodbye was shortlisted for the 2007 Polaris Music Prize.
 The Renaissance is the fourth album by American rapcore band E.Town Concrete released in April 2003. Music videos were produced for both Mandibles and Punch The Walls. They saw moderate airplay on MTV2's Headbangers Ball in late 2003 which was key in helping garner a wider audience for the group. Mandibles was also featured on the first MTV2 Headbangers Ball compilation album that same year.
 Super-Electric a 1991 EP was Stereolab's first release on the Too Pure label. All four tracks were later included on Switched On.
 Fuel is Fuel's self-titled EP.
 Eld is the third studio album by Norwegian progressive black metal band Enslaved. It was released on 7 April 1997 through Osmose Productions. The album marked the band's shift towards a more Viking metal direction though it still maintains their black metal sound.
 Trees Outside the Academy is an alternative rock album by American musician Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth. It was released on 18 September 2007 and was Moore's first solo album since 1995's Psychic Hearts. It was released on Moore's own label Ecstatic Peace!. It was recorded with Sonic Youth's drummer Steve Shelley and violinist Samara Lubelski.The recording took place at Dinosaur Jr guitarist J. Mascis' home studio. Mascis also contributed lead guitar for some tracks.
 Rock Painting (Finnish title Värikallio) was the first album of the Finnish composer Osmo Tapio Räihälä released in 2006. The music on the album is performed by the Uusinta Chamber Ensemble. The album consists of seven works written between 1997 and 2004.
 Mash Confusion is the debut album by American rap group A-1 released August 24 1999 on Sick Wid It and Jive Records. A-1 is composed of Big Bone and D-Day. The album features production by Bosko K-Lou Sam Bostic Studio Ton and Tone Capone.
 Lepta (Russian: Лепта English: Contribution) is the second full-length album by the Russian folk metal band Arkona. It was released on December 30 2004 through Sound Age Production.
 Tomato was the fourth and last album of the South Korean girl group Chakra before disbanding. The singles were From me to you True love in this world is a Lie and Why I'm the only One. The album sold about 100000 copies.
 Dancemania 2 is the second set in the Dancemania series of dance music compilation albums released in 1996 by EMI Music Japan.The megamix album was mixed by Bob Salton a popular DJ from Italy and debuted at #11 on Oricon's weekly album chart in July 1996.
 Remember When the Music is a posthumously produced album by the American singer/songwriter Harry Chapin released in 1987. Produced on CD and cassette tape it contained the same tracks as the album Sequel which was the last complete album released during Harry's lifetime plus two previously unreleased tracks Hokey Pokey and Oh Man. The order of the first four tracks were changed fitting in with the new name.
 Presenting Ernie Henry is the debut album by American jazz saxophonist Ernie Henry featuring tracks recorded in 1956 for the Riverside label.
 For the 1967 film see The Shuttered Room. For the short story see The Shuttered Room and Other Pieces.Shuttered Room is the debut studio album by British new wave band The Fixx released in 1982.
 Soft Focus is the fifth album released by the Norwegian band Euroboys. It peaked at #2 on the Norwegian album charts.
 A Snow Capped Romance is the second album of Alaskan metalcore band 36 Crazyfists. It was released on March 16 2004 by Roadrunner Records. At the End of August and Bloodwork were released as singles the latter of which was featured in the 2004 film Resident Evil: Apocalypse.
 Cobra Verde is the sixteenth album by Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1987 on Milan Records as the original motion picture soundtrack of Werner Herzog's Cobra Verde with Klaus Kinski. In 2006 SPV re-released the album with one bonus track (recorded during the sessions for the 1991 Popol Vuh album For You and Me).
 Tusk is the 12th album by the British/American rock band Fleetwood Mac. Released in 1979 it is considered experimental primarily due to Lindsey Buckingham's sparser songwriting arrangements and the influence of punk rock and New Wave on his production techniques.
 Split the Atom is the debut full-length album by Dutch drum and bass trio Noisia.The album was released as a full-length CD as well as two double 12 EPs; the Vision EP includes four Drum and Bass tracks whilst the Division EP includes four Electro house/Breaks tracks.Three singles have so far been announced from the album; Machine Gun (released March 8 2010) which also includes remixes by Spor Amon Tobin and 16bit Split the Atom (released July 25 2010) which has been remixed by Bar9 and Ed Rush & Optical and Alpha Centauri which has been remixed by Excision & Datsik.Some of the songs already had public release in various forms Stigma was released in 2008 on Vision Recordings and Diplodocus was released in 2009 on Quarantine. 
 Dropbox is the self-titled debut album of the band Dropbox released on April 13 2004.The music video for the opening track Wishbone was frequently played on MTV2's Headbangers Ball and Fuse. The song was also featured in a commercial for the Transformers video game in 2004.
 Nemesis Online is an album by The Legendary Pink Dots released in 1998.
 The Dresden Codex is the second EP by alternative rock band Madina Lake and follow-up to their second studio album Attics to Eden from 2009. The release was self-produced after announcing that they had left their label Roadrunner Records in April 2010. They subsequently set up an account on the website Pledgemusic to help fund the EP which is sold to fans who have pledged as well as donating a percentage of the money raised to the Keep A Breast Foundation.
 Cry Softly Lonely One is a music album recorded by Roy Orbison for MGM Records. The album was released in October 1967 and included two singles; Communication Breakdown and the title tune both of which were minor hits in the States early that year. Communication Breakdown did much better in Australia where it reached #9 in February.
 The Even Dozen Jug Band is the debut and only album by the American jug band Even Dozen Jug Band released in 1964.Founded in 1963 the Even Dozen Jug Band recorded this their only recording for Elektra Records. Members who later went on to successful music careers included Stefan Grossman David Grisman Steve Katz Maria Muldaur (then Maria d'Amato) Joshua Rifkin and John Sebastian.
 Romantic Wealth is the 2005 debut full-length album from Emo-Core band Lorene Drive released in the United States on August 2 2005 through Lobster Records.
 Mass Effect 3 is an action role-playing video game developed by BioWare and published by Electronic Arts. It was released for Microsoft Windows PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on March 6 2012 and for Wii U on November 18 2012. The music of the game was composed by several composers including Clint Mansell Christopher Lennertz Cris Velasco Sam Hulick and Sascha Dikiciyan.
 Floreciendo! (Spanish: flowering) is the eighth Studio album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge. It was released in 1975. The album was re-released and retitled as Cierra Los Ojos y Juntos Recordemos in the 90's by Musical Productions in CD format with a different artwork and such re-release is currently available as digital download at iTunes.
 The First Flower is Play Dead's debut album recorded at the Jungle Records studio in March 1983. Originally titled The First Flower: A Six Track Album this album came totally unexpected as the group had disappeared since their last record company Fresh Records had gone under. The album was reissued in 1993 as simply The First Flower and included ten extra tracks. Four of the ten extra tracks featured original guitarist Re-Vox.
 Shining Line is the name of an international AOR all star project born from the collaboration between the italian musicians Pierpaolo Monti and Amos Monti produced by the acclaimed Alessandro Del Vecchio (known for his work with artists just like Ian Paice Glenn Hughes Bobby Kimball and many others ) and supported by the instrumental work of the italian guitar players Marco Dandy D'Andrea and Mario Percudani.
 Siti Nurhaliza is the debut album from Malaysian singer Siti Nurhaliza released in 1996. This album is the debut of her after winning in a singing competition by RTM Bintang HMI 1995 where she recorded in 1996. The album is self-titled and composed almost entirely of pop and ballad genre with its famous debut single Jerat Percintaan which later won the 11th Anugerah Juara Lagu in the same year and sold more than 50 000 copies.
 All Over the World: The Very Best of Electric Light Orchestra is a compilation album by the Electric Light Orchestra released in 2005 (see 2005 in music).Originally released in the band's home market exclusively (the UK) the album sold very well becoming the ELO's first Top Ten entry since Dino Record's compilation album The Very Best of the Electric Light Orchestra hit number 4 in 1994. All Over the World sold over 300000 copies in the UK alone within a year and a half of its release.
 Live at Max's Kansas City is a live album by The Velvet Underground. It was originally released on May 30 1972 by Cotillion a subsidiary label of Atlantic Records.
 Espectacular (English: Spectacular) is the title of a studio album released by Mexican singer-songwriter Juan Gabriel in 1978 and re-released on July 30 1996.
 Crystal is the third album by Crystal Gayle and rose to the #7 spot on the Billboard Country Albums chart. It contained four charting singles including two #1 hits: You Never Miss a Real Good Thing (Till He Says Goodbye) and Ready for the Times to Get Better. Another single I'll Do It All Over Again just barely missed being the third chart-topper stalling out at #2 while One More Time (Karneval) could only rise to #31.
 Overcoats was singer-songwriter John Hiatt's second album released in 1975. It was his second and last album for Epic Records.
 Thoroughbred is an album by American singer-songwriter Carole King released in 1976. This is her final effort issued by Ode Records and also the last album produced by Lou Adler who had been her collaborator since Tapestry.The track Only Love Is Real was released as a lead single from the album and became her 4th and final chart-topper on the U.S. Billboard AC chart. High out of Time a song featuring David Crosby and Graham Nash on vocals was also released as a single.
 Sammy Davis Jr. Now is a 1972 (see 1972 in music) album by Sammy Davis Jr.. The album features the number one hit The Candy Man a Grammy award winner. The rest of the album is made up of standards big ballads and soul tracks.
 Summer in Paradise is the twenty-seventh studio album by American rock band the Beach Boys released on August 3 1992 on Brother Records. Produced by Terry Melcher it has been described as the band's critical and commercial low point. The Beach Boys did not record another album of original material until That's Why God Made the Radio in 2012.Summer in Paradise was left out of Capitol's Beach Boys re-issue campaign in 2000 and 2001 and is currently out of print.
 Tal Cual Es is the fourth studio album by Argentine singer-songwriter Diego Torres it was released on August 24 1999 through Sony BMG Latin. The álbum 500000 copies.
 Crosses (stylized as †††) is the debut full-length album by the American musical group Crosses. The album was released on February 11 2014 on Sumerian Records. The album contains remastered versions of songs from the bands previous two EPs (EP 1 and EP 2 respectively) as well as five new songs that were originally set to be released as EP 3. The album debuted at 26 on the Billboard Top 200 upon release.
 When I Am God is the debut album by American metalcore band Oh Sleeper. It was released on October 23 2007 in the United States through Solid State Records.After being noticed by Solid State by their release of their EP The Armored March in 2006 the band began recording When I Am God in the course of 2007 with all of the songs from the EP re-recorded along with several new tracks. A music video for the song Vices Like Vipers was produced and released in 2007.
 Happy Birthday is a collaboration album by Pete Townshend The Guitarist for The Who and friends including Ronnie Lane pressed and released in 1970 by Universal Spiritual League.The album was originally released in February 1970 (in commemoration of Meher Baba's birthday on 25 February) as the first in a series of tribute albums dedicated to Pete Townshend's spiritual mentor Meher Baba.Only about 2500 copies were pressed in the original 1970 issue.The album was reissued in similar numbers in 1977.Later albums by Pete Townshend and friends dedicated to Meher Baba included I Am With Love and Avatar (a compilation of the previous three albums later released as Jai Baba). 
 Mr. Big Stuff is the debut album of soul/funk singer Jean Knight released in 1971 right after her biggest hit of the same name. This album was rereleased on CD on November 7 1991 by Fantasy Records. The CD reissue contains six bonus tracks three of which were released as singles after the original release of this album along with a biographical essay by Lee Hildebrand on the life and career of Jean Knight and the recording sessions for Mr. Big Stuff.
 Tämän maailman ruhtinaan hovi (2004) (transl. Court of the prince of this world) is an album by the Finnish thrash metal group Mokoma.
 Blurring the Edges is the debut studio album by the American singer-songwriter Meredith Brooks. Produced by Geza X and David Ricketts. It was released through Capitol Records on May 5 1997. It became a huge commercial success. Going double platinum Canada in and platinum in the United States.
 Far Away Down on a Georgia Farm is an album of American musician Norman Blake released in 1999.
 Young Celts is a 2008 studio album by Scottish brother band The MacDonald Brothers who were contestants on The X Factor. The album was released on 13 October 2008.
 No Questions Remain is the debut album by Albanian-American recording artist Kristine Elezaj. Elezaj released her first single Let You Know along with a music video in late 2009. In early 2010 Souvenirs was released with its music video which was credited as having dance moves like the young Britney Spears.The album has been noted as being a collection of club ready songs with a few powerful ballads including Light Years Always and Momentum.
 Bar La Curva / Plamy Na Słońcu (Bar La Curva / Spots on the Sun) is the fourth studio album by Polish rock/rapcore band Kazik Na Żywo. It is the band's first studio album since 1999's Las Maquinas de la Muerte.
 Quiet is an album by jazz musician John Scofield.
 The King of Rock and Roll was Little Richard's second album for Reprise Records a follow-up album that contained one original song In The Name and versions of tracks by artists as diverse as Hank Williams The Temptations Martha and the Vandellas Three Dog Night and The Rolling Stones. The title track a mock braggadocio that referenced Tom Jones Elvis Presley Ike & Tina Turner Sly and the Family Stone and Aretha Franklin amongst others upset some fans.
 Timewave Zero is the fourth album release by Dutch Aggrotech band Grendel. It will be released in Europe on April 20 2012 through Infacted Recordings and in the United States through Metropolis Records. It features a re-recorded version of their 2009 track Chemicals + Circuitry. The track 'Deep Waters' features Dutch singer Lis van den Akker from Dutch act Misery. A music video was released for Timewave Zero on YouTube.
  is the fourteenth studio album by American recording artist Prince released October 13 1992 on Paisley Park and Warner Bros. Records. Due to its official title being an unpronounceable symbol which Prince later adopted as his name the album has been referred to as the Love Symbol Album Symbol Album or simply Symbol. It is Prince's second album to feature his backing group The New Power Generation which received co-billing for the release.
 To Oak Woods Bestowed is a demo released in 2000 by Italian power metal band Elvenking. Track 1 2 and 4 were later featured in rerecorded versions on their first full-length album. This demo is also included in the Deluxe Edition of the 2010 album Red Silent Tides with a second bonus disc with the full demo album.
 Living Alone is an EP by musician Teddy Geiger. It was released on November 2 2010.
 Thug Brothers is a collaborative studio album by rappers Layzie Bone (Bone Thugs-n-Harmony) & Young Noble (Outlawz) released February 7 2006 on Real Talk Entertainment and Koch Records.
 The Dirt Eaters in an EP by His Name Is Alive originally released by 4AD in early 1992. It has never been released on its own in the United States as it was included on the 4AD/Rykodisc USA reissue of Home Is in Your Head in 1992.
 Ultramega OK is the debut full-length studio album by the American rock band Soundgarden released on October 31 1988 through SST Records. Following the release of the EPs Screaming Life (1987) and Fopp (1988) both for the Sub Pop record label Soundgarden signed with the independent record label SST and went to work on its first full-length studio album.The resulting album contained elements of heavy metal psychedelic rock and hardcore punk.
 The Sins of Mankind is the third album by British death metal band Cancer. It was released in 1994 by Vinyl Solution. The cover painting is Armageddon by Joseph Paul Pettit.
 Louder Than Words is the second EP album from Kate Voegele. She subtly blends a combination of pop folk and indie music together with her voice adding to the styles of music in her album. All five tracks are on Voegele's debut album Don't Look Away with Only Fooling Myself being the leading single off the album.
 Live from the Have a Nice Day Tour is a live EP from the American band Bon Jovi.It was released on February 7 2006 only in United States through the Wal-Mart stores. It contains 6 live track recorded live during the Have a Nice Day Tour in Banknorth Garden Boston MA on December 10 2005.
 Unplugged at the Lowlands Festival '97 is a live album released by Life of Agony in 2000 through Roadrunner Records (see 2000 in music).Only the first 8 tracks were recorded live at the Lowlands Festival on August 23 1997. Track 10 was recorded live on August 24 1997 in Cologne Germany. The tracks 11 - 15 were recorded live on February 25 1994 in Asbury Park NJ.
 Planisphærium is the 2003 debut album from the technical death metal band Wormed.
 Night Lady is an album by saxophonist Johnny Griffin recorded in West Germany in 1963 and originally released on the Philips label but later released on EmArcy Records.
 Your Sugar Sits Untouched is a partial re-release of Emilie Autumn's 2001 poetry book Across The Sky & Other Poems. In addition it includes seven new poems and an audio CD of all of the book's 45 poems spoken by Emilie Autumn and backed by her original music.[1] A limited amount of 3000 copies were created for worldwide distribution. In 2008 it was re-released on iTunes.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation of previously released material from Oakland California rapper Richie Rich. The project contains songs from the 415 debut album (41Fivin) and the Richie Rich solo debut (Don't Do It). The song Making Records first appeared on the EP Geeks Revenge (Rodney) released in 1990.
 Live is a live double album of Corneille that was released in 2005 and reached #9 in the French Albums Chart staying 35 weeks in the chart.
 It Came from Canada Vol. 2 was the second album in the It Came from Canada series of compilation albums released in 1986 on Og Music.
 S.P.O.R.T.S. (stylized as S•P•O•R•T•S) is the eleventh studio album by Japanese Jazz fusion band T-Square who was then known as The Square. It was released on March 5 1986.
 Defekt (German for Defect) is the third studio album by the German band Oomph!. It continues the trend of the band's previous album Sperm featuring ever heavier music than it's predecessor as well as de-tuned guitars and death growls in several songs.
 A Young Trophy Band in the Parlance of Our Times is the final ep and release from As Friends Rust. It featured the final line-up as well. Damien Moyal quit shortly after the recording of the album leading the band to decide whether to continue. They recruited a new vocalist and changed the band name to Salem.A bonus hidden track can be found at the end of track five at approximately 4:29.The LP version was released by Defiance Records.
 Unsung Heroes is the sixth Dixie Dregs album published in 1981. It received a Grammy nomination for Best Rock Instrumental Performance.
 Complete Best: Back Fire is a compilation of songs and of the Japanese hard rock band Show-Ya. The collection was released in 1992 in Japan. This compilation contains the previously unpublished hard rock cover of The Beatles song Blackbird recorded in 1988.
 10th Anniversary: Fantasia in Tokyo Dome is the 11th live DVD released by Japanese singer Koda Kumi released on March 18 2011.
 Wut is the first full-length album by German metal band Hämatom.
 Spirit of St. Louis is the second studio album by American singer and actress Ellen Foley released in 1981. Foley is backed by The Clash on all songs. The album was recorded right after The Clash's Sandinista! with the same musicians and engineers. Foley was dating Clash guitarist Mick Jones at the time.
 Enter the Moonlight Gate is the second album by Lord Belial. It was released in 1997 by No Fashion Records. The eight and final track is continued on Lord Belial's next album named Unholy Crusade.Enter the Moonlight Gate is also available as an extremely limited (250 copies) digipak and comes with a poster.
 I Got Dreams is an album by American country music artist Steve Wariner. It was released in 1989 via MCA Records. The album includes Where Did I Go Wrong I Got Dreams and When I Could Come Home to You. Where Did I Go Wrong and I Got Dreams were both Number One country hits for him and When I Could Come Home to You peaked at #5.
 BM is the fifth studio album by Berlin-based musician Barbara Morgenstern. Driving My Car is sung in German English and Polish while it is the first Barbara Morgenstern album to include full English translation of all her lyrics in the sleeve notes. The album also features a collaboration with former Soft Machine drummer Robert Wyatt. One EP Come To Berlin Mixes was taken from the album - the song's lyrics are critical of city planning politics in Berlin.
 Full-Empty is the fourth album by the Judybats released in 1994. It was the band's final album to feature the three original core members Jeff Heiskell Johnny Sughrue and Ed Winters. Heiskell was the only member to appear on the band's 2000 reunion album '00 although Sughrue participated in that album's supporting tour.
 Here Today Guano Tomorrow is a 1987 album by the Dayglo Abortions.
 The Way We Walk Volume Two: The Longs is the fifth live album by British band Genesis and was released in 1993 having been recorded during their 1992 tour for We Can't Dance.
 Monster is the tenth studio album by the German band Oomph!. The band held a contest for fans to create the cover art for the album similar to the contest for Korn's album Issues. The winning artwork was chosen by the band and presented on Oomph!'s MySpace page on July 23 2008.The first single Wach Auf! was released early in 2008 as a promo for the movie Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem. The video for the second single Beim ersten Mal tut's immer weh was released on July 14 2008.
 Fantastic Boney M. is a compilation album of recordings by Boney M.
 In Limbo: The Lost Puracane Sessions is the second album from the band Puracane.
 Music for the Hard of Thinking was the third studio album for Canadian pop music group Doug and the Slugs. It was released domestically in 1982 on Bennett's own record label Ritdong and internationally in 1983 on RCA. This recording helped get the band nominated for a 1983 Juno Award.The album produced three singles. The most successful Who Knows How to Make Love Stay peaked at #25 on the Canadian Singles Chart. Making It Work peaked at #29.
 America's Least Wanted is the full-length debut album by rock band Ugly Kid Joe released in September 1992 (see 1992 in music). The title is a parody of the famous phrase America's Most Wanted.The album was a commercial success charting three singles on the Mainstream Rock Tracks (Neighbor Busy Bee and Cat's in the Cradle). Cat's in the Cradle also reached number six on the Billboard Hot 100 and number eleven on the Top 40 Mainstream.
 Porcella is an album by Canadian indie rock band The Deadly Snakes released in 2005 on In the Red Records and licensed for Canadian distribution by Paper Bag Records.The album's single Gore Veil was named one of the ten best Canadian songs of 2005 by CBC Radio 3. The album was also subsequently shortlisted for the 2006 Polaris Music Prize.
 Fandangos in Space is the 1973 debut album by flamenco-rock band Carmen.
 Home for Christmas is the first Christmas album by Canadian country music singer George Canyon.
 Making Circles is the second album released by indie rock band The Seldon Plan released in April 2005 by OTPRecords and re-released in September 2005 by Magnatune. Songs from this record were featured on Current TV NPR and the lonelygirl15 series.
 The Very Best of Montrose is a compilation of music from the five Montrose albums the first four in consecutive years in the mid-seventies and a revisit to the concept in 1987.
 Other Dimensions In Music is the self-titled debut album by free jazz collective quartet Other Dimensions In Music composed of trumpeter Roy Campbell multi-instrumentalist Daniel Carter bassist William Parker and drummer Rashid Bakr. It was recorded in studio in 1989 and released on the Swedish Silkheart label. In the liner notes of the album Campbell claims We represent the sum total of the musical masters who played before us and presently.
 Paul Bley/NHØP is a jazz duet album by Paul Bley and Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen released on SteepleChase Records in 1973. The album was recorded in Copenhagen Denmark in June and July 1973 and primarily features Bley's compositions. Bley's performance here is more extroverted than on some of his other recordings.
 The Rain is a collaborative album from rappers Z-Ro and Chill released June 23 2009.
 Zoot Suit Riot: The Swingin' Hits of the Cherry Poppin' Daddies is a compilation album and the fourth album overall by American ska-swing band the Cherry Poppin' Daddies released on March 18 1997 on Space Age Bachelor Pad Records.Self-produced by the Daddies merely as something new to sell on tour while the group was between studio albums Zoot Suit Riot is a compilation of all of the swing and jazz-influenced tracks from the band's first three albums - which were predominantly made up of ska and punk material - plus four bonus tracks recorded exclusively for this compilation.Originally released independently Zoot Suit Riot was later re-issued and nationally distributed by major label subsidiary Mojo Records following the Daddies' signing to the label. 
 Virtuoso No. 4 is an album by American jazz guitarist Joe Pass recorded in 1973 and released in 1983 (see 1983 in music). Originally a double-LP it was re-issued in 1993 on CD with three additional tracks (Weaselocity Blues for Pete What Are You Doing the Rest of Your Life?).Virtuoso No. 4 differs from the three previous Virtuoso releases in that it is performed on acoustic guitar instead of electric (with the exception of Indian Summer).
 Quiéreme Más (Love Me More) is the title of a studio album released by Duranguense music band Patrulla 81. This album became their first number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums.
 Hellcat is Meisa Kuroki's debut mini-album released on April 8 2009. It peaked at #9 on the weekly Oricon albums chart.
 The Infinite Wonders of Creation is the third and final album in a solo album trilogy by symphonic power metal Italian songwriter Luca Turilli from Rhapsody of Fire.
 Street of Dreams is an album by Sofia Talvik and was released 2007.
 The Many Sides Of Neil Sedaka is a 1978 compilation album released by RCA Victor Records containing the works of pop singer Neil Sedaka. The album contains some of Sedaka's lesser-known works in the period from 1958-1965 although three of the songs on the album were charting hits at the time of their original release.
 Hawaii is the fourth studio album by English musical project the High Llamas released on 1 January 1996 on V2 Records.
 Rusty Bryant Returns is an album by jazz saxophonist Rusty Bryant recorded for the Prestige label in 1969. The album marked Bryant's return to recording being the first under his leadership since 1957.
 Tragic Figures is the debut album of the American post-punk band Savage Republic released in 1982 on Independent Project. The reissue version was augmented with the 1982 single Film Noir the 1984 EP Tragic Figure and other bonus tracks.
 Philharmania is an album produced arranged and conducted by Mike Batt in 1998. Performers included the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and guest singers including Roger Daltrey Marc Almond Bonnie Tyler Status Quo Huey Lewis Kim Wilde Justin Hayward and others. The album was recorded at Abbey Road Studios.
 Uplifted is the second studio album by Nigerian recording artist Flavour N'abania released on July 20 2010. The album was released through Obaino Music and 2nite Entertainment. It features guest appearances from Tiwa Savage Jay Dey Oloye Stormrex Waga Gee Asemstone M-Jay V.I.P and Elense. The album's most distinguished songs include Nwa Baby (Ashawo Remix) Oyi (I Dey Catch Cold) Adamma Odiro Easy and Oyi Remix.
 The Mix Tape Vol. 1 is the first installment of Funkmaster Flex's Mix Tape series released on November 21 1995. The album is a compilation of freestyles and previously released songs all mixed with Funkmaster Flex's production.The Mix Tape Vol. 1 was mildly successful on the Billboard charts peaking at 108 on the Billboard 200 and 15 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. It was followed up by three successful sequels all of which were certified gold by the RIAA.
 The Road Less Travelled is Preston Reed's fifth album and his last on Flying Fish Records.
 The Art of Control is Peter Frampton's eighth studio album.
 We Are the Same is the eleventh full-length studio album by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip released April 7 2009 on Universal Music Canada and by Zoë Records in the United States. The album was recorded at The Bathouse Recording Studio in Bath Ontario with producer Bob Rock.The opening track Morning Moon was released on the band's website in advance of the album's release.
 TP-2.com (Twelve Play-2) is the fourth studio album by American R&B singer-songwriter R. Kelly released in November 2000.
 Marcia Shines is the debut album as a solo artist for American-Australian singer Marcia Hines. Hines had been resident in Australia since 1970. Marcia Shines first made the Australian charts in October 1975 and peaked at number 4 in January 1976.
 Club Nocturne (1998) is the 13th studio album (14th overall) from the jazz group Yellowjackets and their sixth and final release for the Warner Bros. label. The album was nominated for Best Contemporary Jazz Album Grammy Award.The album originally conceived as an all vocal jazz album contains four tracks with vocals (five tracks for Japan release) featuring vocalists Kurt Elling Brenda Russell and Jonathan Butler.
 Live at the Fillmore is a live album by the thrash metal band Testament. It was released in 1995 on Prosthetic Records. The first fourteen tracks are live recordings and the last three are semi-acoustic versions of previously released songs. As of December 1999 Live at the Fillmore sold over 32500 copies in the U.S.
 Blood Covered Words is an EP by the heavy metal Canadian band A Perfect Murder.
 México En La Piel is an album recorded by Mexican Superstar Luis Miguel released on November 9 2004. It's his first album to be featured in mariachi. The album was re-released twice. One featured bonus tracks and was simply titled México En La Piel: Bonus Tracks. Another edition was titled México En La Piel : Edición Diamante.
 Volume 3: Further in Time is the third studio album from Afro Celt Sound System released June 19 2001 through Real World Records.
 A tu regreso is a Venezuelan music album of 1988 made by Cecilia Todd with the seal Sonográfica in this album Todd returns from a retirement of 9 years.
 Basic Instinct is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Ciara. It was released on December 10 2010 by LaFace Records and Jive Records. Executively produced by A&R agent Mark Pitts Ciara Tricky Stewart and The-Dream Basic Instinct returns Ciara to her urban roots with mid-tempo R&B cuts and bass-heavy dance songs. Aside from production by Stewart and The-Dream Ciara collaborated with production by Soundz Infinity and T-Minus.
 Pornoise/Extra is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow featuring tracks not including in the box set Pornoise/1kg. The track titles refer to the physical characteristics of the Buddha. It was issued several times with different artwork and variations of the title.It was included in the Merzbox in 2000 with different track titles.
 Untitled is the second album by American pop rock duo The Rembrandts released in 1992 on East West Records. Two songs in this CD were in the top 10 in the winter of 1992: Johnny Have You Seen Her? and Chase the Clouds Away.
 Mean What You Say is the second full-length studio album by Christian rock band Sent by Ravens. It is the follow-up to their 2010 LP Our Graceful Words. The album was released on February 28 2012. It charted at No. 179 on the Billboard 200 in its first week of sales.[citation needed] According to the lead singer Zach Riner the lyrics were largely based around a protest against the teachings of Westboro Baptist Church. The album was met with very positive feedback.
 Gyan is the debut album by Australian singer-songwriter Gyan that was released by Warner music in 1989. The album is currently out of print; but is available to purchase via Gyan's website. The album was produced by Charles Fisher.Three singles were released from the album; the smash hit Wait about a lonely girl waiting for her first true love; It's Alright about emancipation from ones parents and the final single Black Wedding Ring which closes the album.
 And I Love You So is a 1972 album by Shirley Bassey. Released late in 1972 to positive reviews this was Bassey's fourth album of the decade and was one of the albums which comprised her 'comeback' period of the 1970s. Unlike the earlier albums this didn't feature any hit singles and consequently didn't fare as well as the previous three. It made No.24 and remained on the chart for 9 weeks reaching its peak on Christmas week resulting in higher than average sales.
 Guitar for Jodi is the debut EP by the Washington D.C. rock band Ted Leo and the Pharmacists released in 1999 by Persona Recordings. Like the group's debut album released that same year it is technically a Ted Leo solo recording.
 Street Gospels is the third album by Canadian reggae band Bedouin Soundclash. It was released on Dine Alone Records on August 21 2007. In the UK the album was released on August 20 through SideOneDummy Records. The song St. Andrews features guest vocals from Alexisonfire's Wade McNeil.
 Sings Standards is a compilation album by American jazz singer Cassandra Wilson released in 2002.
 Live at The Starland Ballroom is a double DVD/CD from progressive rock quartet Coheed and Cambria released on March 22 2005. The concert was filmed August 20 2004 at the Starland Ballroom in Sayreville New Jersey. The New York City radio station 92.3 K-Rock put on the show and sold tickets for 92 cents. They sold out almost immediately.
 The Smell of Rain is an album released by solo artist Mortiis in 2001.The initial CD press run for Germany contained a bonus DVD including the 'Parasite God' video. The LP was a double gatefold with a 12 lyric insert. A remastered version was released later as Mortiis requested. It contained four remixed songs. Initial attempts at getting the CD booklet printed as transparent layers of art and text was turned down by the label several times.
 Stop Making Sense is a live 1984 album by Talking Heads the soundtrack to the film of the same name. The original release of the album features only nine of the songs from the movie many of them heavily edited. The album spent more than two years (118 weeks) on the Billboard 200 chart. In 1999 a 16-track re-release coincided with the concert's 15th anniversary.Byrne's intention was not to make a traditional soundtrack album but to have it be a separate experience.
 BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge 2013 is a compilation album consisting of live tracks played on Fearne Cotton's BBC Radio 1 show both cover versions and original songs. The album was released on 28 October 2013 and is the ninth in the series of Live Lounge albums.
 Opener is the debut album of 8mm.
 OuMuPo 2 is the seventh album by the turntablist Rob Swift. It was released on October 19 2004 by the French record label Ici d'ailleurs... Records. It was produced by Rob Swift.
 Rock Stars Kill is a compilation of various artists released by Kill Rock Stars on August 1 1994. The compilation was released simultaneously as a vinyl LP with accompanying 7″ single and as a CD.
 Savage Dreams is the debut album by the American rapper Baby Beesh released on June 19 2001 on Dope House Records. It was produced by BR Happy Perez Hotan Mario Ayala and Pain. The album shows a mixture of West Coast style with a southern flow in beats. It has guest performances by SPM Frost Jay Tee Mr. Kee Don Cisco and Merciless.The song Styrofoam Cup originally appeared on the South Park Mexican compilation The Purity Album.
 Emergence: The Music of TNA Wrestling was the fifth album released from Total Nonstop Action Wrestling currently available on iTunes Amazon.com and ShopTNA.com.
 The Mountain is an album released by Steve Earle and the Del McCoury Band on February 23 1999 (see 1999 in music).The songs were written by Earle with musical accompaniment provided by the famous bluegrass band of Del McCoury.The album was a significant departure from Earle's previous work being the first wholly bluegrass album he had written.
 Duran Duran (commonly known as The Wedding Album) is the seventh studio album and the second self-titled album by Duran Duran released on 23 February 1993. It reached the Top Ten in North America and provided two Top Ten hits in the U.S Ordinary World and Come Undone. Those hits made the band one of only a very select few artists from their era to have true mainstream success in the 1990s a fact that caught both the record industry and the band members themselves by surprise.
 One for My Baby is a 1988 (see 1988 in music) album by American jazz guitarist Joe Pass. It was reissued on CD in 1992 by Pablo Records and in 1995 by Original Jazz Classics
 Preppie is the fifth studio album by American R&B singer Cheryl Lynn released in 1983 by Columbia Records.
 Boucan d'enfer is a studio album from French artist Renaud. It was released in 2002 and published by Virgin Records. It was Renaud's first production with original material since 1994's À la belle de mai.It marked Renaud's comeback to the musical scene after years of alcoholism. Some of the songs thus refer to this period especially the first track Docteur Renaud Mister Renard which opposes the good and the bad sides of the past and present Renaud in an obvious parody of Dr Jekyll & Mr Hyde.
 Fever is the eighth studio album by Australian singer Kylie Minogue released on 1 October 2001 in Australia and the United Kingdom by Parlophone. The album was later released in the United States on 26 February 2002 and was Minogue's first album release in the region since her second studio album Enjoy Yourself (1989).
 Music from the Motion Picture Sliver is a soundtrack album for the 1993 film Sliver. It was certified gold by the RIAA on December 17 1993.
 Salty is the second album by The Mutton Birds. Anchor Me reached the top 10 in the New Zealand singles chart.
 Three Sixty is a greatest hits compilation released by American rock band A Perfect Circle on November 19 2013. The set compiles songs from previous albums by the band and includes one new song By and Down. The album was also released in a deluxe edition (with dark blue cover art rather than white) which includes additional studio songs from the band's back catalog and live tracks from 2011 featured on the limited edition box set A Perfect Circle Live: Featuring Stone and Echo.
 All That Moody is an album by British musician Davey Graham released in 1976. It was his first album in six years after the release of Godington Boundary and is the first with his name spelled Davey instead of Davy. It was released on an imprint called Eron Enterprises a small label based in Deal Kent set up 4 years previously to demonstrate how good South East England's folk music scene was.
 Live 1976 is a live video by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult released in 1991 in Europe by Castle Communications on VHS 15 years after the recording that is on the tape. It was recorded in suburban Maryland (The Washington DC Metro area) during the tour for their Agents of Fortune album and included the same lineup that was featured on that album. The concert was also released as a live album on CD with the same track listing.
 For the Werner Herzog film see Heart of Glass (film) for the referring 1977 Popol Vuh album see Herz aus Glas (album).Cœur de verre is the name of the first studio album recorded by the French singer Hélène Ségara. It was released in 1996 after its first hit single Je vous aime adieu and achieved success in France and Belgium (Wallonia). It provided eight singles including three hits.
 Chóngbài known in English as J'adore (Chinese: 崇拜; traditional Chinese: 崇拜; ) is Malaysian Chinese Mandopop artist Fish Leong's (Chinese: 梁靜茹) ninth Mandarin studio album. It was released by Rock Records on 9 November 2007.
 Photograph: The Very Best of Ringo Starr (the last word visually rendered as Star) is a career-spanning best-of compilation album by Ringo Starr and is the first such album since the releases of 1975's Blast from Your Past and 1989's Starr Struck: Best of Ringo Starr Vol. 2. The release of the new collection coincided with that of Starr's first four solo albums for EMI in digital format on 28 August 2007.The compilation debuted at No. 26 in the United Kingdom album chart on 2 September 2007.
 The Forester (released September 20 2013 in Oslo Norway) is the eighth album by Susanna also known as Susanna and the Magical Orchestra this time as Susanna and Ensemble neoN leased on the label SusannaSonata (SONATACD008).
 Daredevils is the sixth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Justin Rutledge slated for release April 22 2014 on Outside Music.The album will consist entirely of cover versions of songs by The Tragically Hip. Guest musicians appearing on the album include Mary Margaret O'Hara Andy Maize Jenn Grant and Brendan Canning.
 FWX is the tenth studio album by progressive metal band Fates Warning released on October 5 2004 through Metal Blade Records.
 It's A Business Doing Pleasure was the 8th Helix studio album and 10th album altogether. It was their only release on Aquarius Records. It's A Business Doing Pleasure followed the death of lead guitarist Paul Hackman and the departure of temporary guitarist Denny Balicki. In their stead guitarist Brent The Doctor Doerner returned to Helix after a 4 year absence and Greg Fraser (ex-Brighton Rock) joined on guitar as well.
 Alle kleuren (English: All Colours) is the second studio album by the Flemish music trio K3. The album was released on 15 September 2000 through label Niels William. The album became a massive hit in Flanders and the Netherlands: it reached the peak position in both the Dutch and Flemish album charts. A few months after the original release a limited edition with two extra songs and some karaoke versions of original songs was released.
 Flor de Papel (Paper flower) 's the fourth album by Mexican rock singer Alejandra Guzmán. It was released in 1991 and became one of the most important female albums in Mexico. It won the Eres Award for Album of the Year and received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album.
 Black Ice is the fifteenth international studio album by the Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It was produced by Brendan O'Brien and released internationally on 17 October 2008. It marked the band's first original recordings since 2000's Stiff Upper Lip with the eight-year gap being the longest between AC/DC's successive studio albums.
 Waiting for My Rocket to Come is the major-label debut album and fourth overall by American singer/songwriter Jason Mraz released on October 15 2002 by Elektra Records. This would be his only studio release on that label before switching to Atlantic.
 12 éxitos para 2 guitarras flamencas (12 Hits for 2 Flamenco Guitars) is the third of three collaboration albums between Paco de Lucía & Ricardo Modrego.
 All I Have is the debut album of American R&B recording artist Amerie released on July 30 2002 by Columbia Records. It was recorded at Cue Recording Studios in Falls Church Virginia and at Lobo Studios and The Hit Factory in New York City.The album debuted and peaked at number 9 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart in August 2002 remaining in the top twenty for two weeks only and dropping off the top one hundred in its fourteenth week.
 Derrumbe is the fourth album of Latin rap artist Gerardo. It was released in 1995 (see 1995 in music) on EMI Records.Once again Gerardo made an album composed entirely of lyrics in Spanish. The album was less influenced by Latin music than his previous works adding more elements of pop-rap and dance-pop music. The album garnered no hits but a video for the title track was filmed.This would be Gerardo's last album in six years until 2001's Fame Sex y Dinero.
 Raw is a live album by the Sex Pistols from a 1976 show released in 1997.
 Cosmic Slop is the fifth studio album by Funkadelic released in 1973 on Westbound Records.
 For All the Fucked Up Children is a 1995 release from the neo-psychedelic trio Spacemen 3. The record consists of what claims to be Spacemen 3's first ever recording session from 1984. The music sounds like a primitive version of the group the dominating sound of the record is a slow droning psychedelic blues performed with spare instrumentation. A drum set is matched with a pair of distorted electric guitars all of which provide a swirling foundation for Jason Pierce's vocals.
 Connie's Country is the twelfth studio album by American country music artist Connie Smith. The album was released in April 1969 on RCA Victor Records and was produced by Bob Ferguson. It was Smith's first album release in 1969 and contained the single Ribbon of Darkness which became a major hit.
 Collective Soul (sometimes referred to as the Blue Album) is the second and eponymous studio album by Collective Soul. It became the band's highest selling album to date going Triple-Platinum and spent 76 weeks on the Billboard 200 charts.
 The Young Knives...Are Dead is a mini-album containing seven songs by The Young Knives and was released through the independent record label Shifty Disco in 2002. It is notably more raw and aggressive than their most recent work.
 The Last Goodbye is a demo album by Edison which was released on December 10 2004. It was only sold for one show where the band announced that they were signed to Credential Recordings and consequently had to change their name to Edison Glass.
 Live Peace in Toronto 1969 is a live album by the Plastic Ono Band released on Apple in the United Kingdom and the United States in December 1969. Recorded at the Toronto Rock and Roll Revival festival it was the first live album released by any member of the Beatles separately or together.
 From the Beggar's Mantle ... Fringed with Gold is an album by Barbara Dickson.The Morning Lies Heavy on Me by Allan Taylor is a soldier's farewell to his family. Dickson had met the folk singer Daisy Chapman (1912 - 1979) in 1968 and had learned The Orange and the Blue directly from her.[citation needed] It is a longer version of the song All Around My Hat. Lord Thomas of Winesberry and the King's Daughter is sustained for 6 minutes with simple fiddle and guitar accompaniment.
 The Complete Radio One Sessions is a compilation album by Napalm Death featuring all tracks recorded for BBC radio sessions. Tracks 1-12 which were recorded for the John Peel show were previously released as The Peel Sessions. There are three versions of The Peel Sessions: 1987 1989 and finally the album that compiled all the sessions together the 1993 version. All these tracks were also released as part of this longer compilation The Complete Radio One Sessions.
 Decoy is a 1984 album by jazz musician Miles Davis recorded in 1983.It features keyboardist Robert Irving III and guitarist John Scofield contributing most of the compositions and the other solos. Branford Marsalis is heard on some cuts on soprano.
 A War You Cannot Win is the sixth studio album by American metal band All That Remains. The album was released on 6 November 2012 through Razor & Tie.The album has some tracks which have a melodic metalcore sound and some with a standard metal sound which have only singing.Album sold over 25000 copies in the United States in its first week of release to land at position No. 13 on The Billboard 200 chart. Currently the album has sold over 107000 copies to date.
 Evergreen Nights is the first album by Canadian singer Lisa Lougheed. It is also the soundtrack to the animated television series The Raccoons. Other musical artists on this album include Curtis King Jr. and Stephen Lunt.
 États d'amour is francophone Canadian pop singer Isabelle Boulay's second studio album. It was released in Quebec in February 1998 and in France in November 1998 with a somewhat different sequence of tracks. Also a limited edition was issued consisting of the French release together with a bonus mini-CD.
 Lullaby for Columbine is the name of a benefit CD released in 1999 shortly after the Columbine High School massacre where 15 students and a teacher died in one of the deadliest school shootings in United States history.
 2 A.M. Wakeup Call is the second album from the band Tweaker. Opposed to The Attraction to All Things Uncertain this album captures emotional human performances and instrumentation - notably live drums acoustic guitar piano and glockenspiels. It's a nighttime record about dreams nightmares and insomnia—things that keep us up at night.2 a.m.
 Dead Zone: The Grateful Dead CD Collection (1977–1987) is a six-CD boxed set retrospect of the Grateful Dead's studio and live albums during their time with Arista Records from 1977 to 1987. Prior to 1977 the band was on its own label Grateful Dead Records.This compilation includes the albums Terrapin Station Shakedown Street Go to Heaven Reckoning Dead Set and In the Dark. The set does not contain any new or expanded recordings.
 Beneath the Encasing of Ashes is the debut album by American metalcore band As I Lay Dying. Many reviewers and also casual listeners compared the overall sound of this album to Zao. It is widely thought that the band found its own sound on later albums Frail Words Collapse and Shadows Are Security. All the songs on Beneath the Encasing of Ashes appear on the compilation album A Long March: The First Recordings.
 Solitarily Speaking Of Theoretical Confinement is the second solo album by progressive metal guitarist Ron Jarzombek released in 2002. Every song follows a loose concept of basing each song's composition (Which are named after common phrases used in language) on certain songwriting systems created by Jarzombek himself (E.g. To B or Not to B consisting of 2 themes; Only using the note B (To B) and using every note except for B (Not to B)).
 Jewelry Box (stylized as Jewelry box) is the debut Japanese studio album by South Korean idol group T-ara. It was released on June 6 2012 under EMI Music Japan in two limited editions and a regular edition. In order to promote the album the group kicked off their first Japan nationwide concert tour T-ara Japan Tour 2012: Jewelry Box on June 19 2012. This is their only Japanese album to feature member Hwayoung.
 Bible and My Music God & Me is the debut album by Namibian rapper Tre Van Die Kasie. The album features production from The Dogg Elvo and DJ Kboz. Prior to its release the album became most anticipated due to its long-time delay. The media praised the album's composition and structure but criticise it for its poor marketing and promotion. It was accompanied by no video and lacked a professional radio single.
 Sex is a five-track EP released by The 1975 on 19 November 2012 by Vagrant Records. It is the second of four EPs which were released before their first full-length album The 1975. The lead track Sex was produced recorded and arranged by brothers Michael and Robert Coles of Little Comets. A music video for the single Sex was released onto YouTube on 5 October 2012.
 EP 1 is an EP by British house music duo Basement Jaxx. It contains early works and experimental tracks and was released in 1994 five years before their debut album Remedy. It was released under Basement Jaxx's own label Atlantic Jaxx.
 The Hustler is an album by Willie Colón featuring Héctor Lavoe.
 Big Men Cry is a music album by artist Banco de Gaia released in 1997.
 Expose This is the solo debut by Gioia a member of Exposé. The album includes the two Top 40 Hot Dance Music/Club Play hits Be Mine (which reached #40) and Incredible.[citation needed]I Was Made For Loving You is a Kiss cover.
 Fado Curvo is the second album by fado singer Mariza.
 Beautiful Surprise is the fifth studio album by Canadian recording artist Tamia. It was released by Plus 1 Music Group and EMI on August 28 2012. The singer worked with various producers which include Claude Kelly The Runners Carvin & Ivan Salaam Remi and J. Phoenix. The first single from the album its title track was released March 2 2012.
 Forever Delayed is a greatest hits album by the Manic Street Preachers released in October 2002.
 Rollerskating is the fourth studio album by Norwegian singer-songwriter Bertine Zetlitz. The album was released on November 1 2004 and produced by Fred Ball.
 10/25/00 – San Diego California is a two-disc live album and the sixty-fourth in a series of 72 live bootlegs released by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam from the band's 2000 Binaural Tour. It was released along with the other official bootlegs from the second North American leg of the tour on March 27 2001.
 Lord Cromwell Plays Suite For Seven Vices is the second studio album by the Italian progressive rock band Opus Avantra released in 1975.It's a concept album about the seven deadly sins (in the order they appear pride avarice lust anger gluttony envy sloth) with the addition of an eighth vice autobiographical (My deputy) the search for a solution of irreconcilable opposites (good and evil light and dark avant-garde and tradition).The work was composed entirely of Alfredo Tisocco and interpreted by the artist himself assisted by an ensemble of six elements (Luciano Tavella flute Renato Zanella on electric guitar Henry Spiller Pieregidio Profession and the violin the cello and Paul Richard Perraro Siani on percussion and drums) plus four voices (Gina White Susan Worsham Cindy Brasher and Carl Adams or the American Chorus Setaf). 
 Standing Tall is the fourteenth album by the jazz group The Crusaders after they changed their name from The Jazz Crusaders and their 3rd studio album with MCA Records. It features singer Joe Cocker as guest artist on two tracks: the 1981 Grammy-nominated song I'm So Glad I'm Standing Here Today and This Old World's Too Funky for Me.
 Cryoshell is the self-titled debut studio album by Danish rock band Cryoshell released June 7 2010 by Voices Music & Entertainment. Produced by Jacob Hansen the album was recorded between late 2008 and early 2010 at Hansen Studios in Ribe Denmark. The band is known for having produced music as the soundtracks to Bionicle - a popular series of construction toys produced by Lego - from 2007 up until its cancellation in 2009 Lego was also partially responsible for the band's formation.
 Bread Head is the second album by PSD. It was released on February 9 1999 for Lightyear Records and was produced by Baby Beesh PSD Jay Tee Funk Daddy Dave G. Jonny Z Ephraim Galloway and Bernard Gourley.
 Original Folk Blues is a compilation album by American bluesman John Lee Hooker released in 1964 or 1967. It mostly features songs that Hooker recorded for Bernard Besman in Detroit Michigan between 1948 and 1954.
 Everything in Transit is the debut album of American band Jack's Mannequin released on August 23 2005 by Maverick Records. Andrew McMahon wrote most of the lyrics during his first summer outside of his band Something Corporate. McMahon spent almost all of his savings on recording the album before Maverick Records picked him up. The album was produced by both McMahon and Jim Wirt.
 Don't Give Up on Your Dreams Buddy! is an EP by I'm from Barcelona. It charted for 13 weeks in Sverigetopplistan the official Swedish Singles Chart peaking at number 12.
 Hasrate Parvaz (Persian: حسرت پرواز‎ in English means: Begrudging Flight) is a studio album by Iranian singer Ebi released in 2006.
 Expressions is an album by Chick Corea released in 1993 through the record label GRP. The album peaked at number ten on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart.The Album is dedicated to Art Tatum.
 Candy is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label in 1958 featuring performances by Morgan Sonny Clark Doug Watkins and Art Taylor.
 Can't Buy My Love is the second album of Japanese singer and songwriter Yui. The album was released 4 April 2007 and reached No. 1 on the Oricon charts.The album title Can't Buy My Love's message is Ai suru mono ni wa kantan ni wa yuzurenai (愛する ものには 簡単には 譲れない) which means in English I can't easily hand over things that I adore.
 Tres Veces Tres (Three times three) (2004) is the fourth album by Mexican Ska Rock band Panteón Rococó.
 Young Bodies Heal Quickly You Know is an album by The Paper Chase.
 Playero 38 is DJ Playero's 2nd album recorded sometime between 1993 and 1994. With the success of Playero 37: Underground The Noise: Underground The Noise Vol. 1 and The Noise Vol. 2 giving reggaeton great momentum DJ Playero released Playero 38: Underground. It established the dembow as the official rhythm of reggaeton while lifting the genre to mainstream status.
 The Greater Key is a compilation of remixes of recordings of the electro-industrial band Asmodeus X. It was released in North America through Next-Gen Records on July 11 2008. This two-disc style release contained 20 tracks one of which was a re-release and a second track that was a new release by the band entitled Wewelsburg 2. A 21st track was unreleased.
 Tritonis is a 1980 album by the Dave Brubeck Quartet.
 Interview (stylized ĭn′terview) is a concept album by British progressive rock band Gentle Giant which was released in 1976. This is a unique concept in the canon of Gentle Giant work in that it is conceived as a radio interview. Three of the tracks integrate brief interview sections which were staged in the studio. The title song has lyrics derived from the type of question and answer dialogue they had encountered while talking to the music press.
 Control is the debut album by indie rock band GoodBooks. It was released on July 30 2007 on CD LP and as a digital download. The end of the song Start/Stop has an instrumental at the end of it.
 Nheengatu is the fourteenth and upcoming studio album by Brazilian rock band Titãs. It is their first studio album with session drummer Mario Fabre who replaced Charles Gavin and also their first release through Som Livre and producer Rafael Ramos.
 Favourite Worst Nightmare is the second studio album by English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys that was first released in Japan on 18 April 2007 before being released around the world. Recorded in east London's Miloco Studios with producers James Ford and Mike Crossey the album was preceded by the release of Brianstorm on 16 April 2007.
 B's in Your Mouth is the first official album by Felony Records. It is a compilation album was originally released in 1997.This album is a compilation of music from the various bands' self-released EPs and demo tapes as well as tracks recorded for this release.
 Phase 3 is the third studio album by the American punk rock band The Riverdales. It was released in 2003 through 1-4-5 Records. It was the first new Riverdales album in five years. It was also the first Riverdales album to feature drummer Dan Lumley. It was re-released on October 7 2008 by Asian Man Records who had also reissued the band's first album Riverdales in 2006. The album was completely re-mixed and re-mastered including five previously unreleased songs and new artwork.
 Shine is the debut album by Swedish singer Anette Olzon released on 26 March (Sweden) 28 March (Germany Finland Russia Spain) 31 March (France the Netherlands Belgium Luxembourg Poland Czech Republic Norway Denmark the UK) 1 April (Italy) and 8 April 2014 (USA) by earMUSIC.The writing process for Olzon's first solo album began in 2009 during the Dark Passion Play World Tour of Nightwish and lasted until recently before the album's release.
 2009 Year of Us is the third EP of South Korean boy group Shinee released on October 19 2009 in South Korea with a physical release on October 22. The tracks Ring Ding Dong and Jo Jo were used as the promotional singles. The EP charted at a peak of #4 on the Bugs chart for the week of October 15–21 2009 (week 4).The EP was released in Japan on January 20 2010 with an alternative cover and a bonus DVD featuring the music video and teaser for Ring Ding Dong.
 Actual Miles: Henley's Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by American singer/songwriter Don Henley released in 1995. The album was the first compilation album released by Henley and it covered hits from all three of his solo albums throughout the 1980s. The album features three new songs The Garden of Allah You Don't Know Me At All and Henley's cover of Everybody Knows. The collection peaked at #48 on the charts and reached platinum status.
 Telephone Free Landslide Victory is a 1985 album by musical group Camper Van Beethoven released on Independent Projects. It featured the band's best known song Take the Skinheads Bowling. The album has sold well over 60000 copies.
 Metal and Hell is the debut album by Polish heavy metal band Kat. It was released in 1985. A Polish version of the album was released a year later in 1986 which was titled 666.
 Cut the World is a live album by Antony and the Johnsons recorded in Copenhagen and released in August 2012.
 Talkin' About! is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1964 and released on the Blue Note label. It was reissued in Japan on CD with a slightly different cover: same design but with a blue background.
 All That We Needed is a 2005 album by the Plain White T's. This is also Plain White T‘s second album with Fearless Records. In July 2007 after the release of Every Second Counts the song “Hey There Delilah” was re-issued as a single and sold unexpectedly well hitting #1 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Blink is the fifth album by Christian singer Plumb. It was released in 2007 via Curb Records. The album includes the single In My Arms.
 Piledriver is the fifth studio album by the English rock band Status Quo released in 1972.
 Louder & Clearer is the second album by band Stanley Super 800. It was nominated for the Choice Music Prize for Irish Album of the Year 2007.
 Jonas Brothers: Live: Walmart Soundcheck CD+DVD is the first live album by the Jonas Brothers their fifth album released under Hollywood Records and third album from 2009. It has been released on November 10 2009 in the U.S. exclusively by Walmart for $9.00. The album debuted at number 139 for the week of November 28. It was recorded on May 16 2009 at El Rey Theatre in Los Angeles California.
 These Re-Imagined Machines is a remix album by American electronic musician BT composed of remixed versions of songs from his album These Hopeful Machines by various artists. The album was released on May 20th 2011.
 All About Comin' Up ll About Comin' Up is an album by Gangsta Pat.
 Sound of Fire is the first full-length album and 7th release by Phoenix Arizona-based pop rock band This Century released on April 19 2011 on Action Theory Records. It spawned one single and music video for the title-song Sound of Fire.
 Cesta Básica is a box compilation of the Brazilian band Raimundos. It was launched in 1996 composed by a comic book a VHS tape and a CD.
 Rebel Riddim is the official debut album from Dog Boy released on April 3 2007 with Suburban Noize Records. This album was most notable for its mixture of a variety of styles used worldwide including the odd mix of reggae and punk rock. As of May 12 2007 Rebel Riddim reached #11 on the Billboard's Top Reggae Albums chart.
 Sammy Johns is the first studio album by singer and songwriter Sammy Johns.After his eponymous debut album from General Recording Corporation which included Chevy Van the singer inked a deal in 1976 with Warner-Curb which resulted in Johns working on the soundtrack to The Van the first movie to feature Danny DeVito. - Linda Seida All Music GuideIn 1996 Sammy Kershaw did a cover of Chevy Van on his album Politics Religion and Her.
 First Rays of the New Rising Sun is a posthumous album containing previously released recordings by the American rock musician Jimi Hendrix. Released in 1997 it is an attempt to recreate the fourth album Hendrix was working on at the time of his death in 1970 as closely as is feasible to how he would have wanted it based on recordings and notes he made during the last months of his life.
 The Pietasters also commonly referred to as Piestomp is the first album by the ska/soul band The Pietasters. It was released in 1993 on Slugtone. Alternative recordings had earlier been released on cassette as All You Can Eat and The Ska-Rumptious 7 Inch. The CD was reissued in 2000 and made available through the band's website. It is currently out of print.
 Latin American Suite is a studio album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington mainly recorded in 1968 with one track completed in 1970 and released on the Fantasy label in 1972.
 Duet for Guitars #2 was the first album recorded by M. Ward originally released in 1999. The album has been re-issued in 2000 and on July 10 2007. Ward states in the liner notes that Most of these songs were written in Chicago but the others were figured out en route to or in Seattle but they were all recorded in Portland by Adam Selzer.
 Towards The Sinister is the first demo release by death/doom metal band My Dying Bride after their six-month rehearsal period in 1990. The entire demo was recorded and mixed at Revolver Studios on 24 and 25 November 1990 and was produced by Tim Walker of Voltage Records. The demo contains low sound quality due to the band requesting a 'dirty-grunge sound' using old analogue sound equipment.
 R&B Transmogrification is an album by the American indie band Quasi. It was released on March 25 1997 on Up Records.
 Songs for the Singers of Panthers was a vinyl-only release that included the song Proofreading that would also appear on their next album A Good Ground.
 Let There Be Gwar is a CD made up of Gwar's 1986 demo recordings pre-dating the Hell-O album and featuring the original lineup. The first four tracks on the album feature original Gwar member Joey Slutman on lead vocals. The last two tracks Eat Steel and Gor-Gor share their titles with tracks on later albums This Toilet Earth and America Must Be Destroyed but are very different songs.
 Phosphor is the first studio album released by the Neue Deutsche Härte band Unheilig. It was released in 2001. All of the artwork for the album is taken from the Unheilig music video Sage Ja!. This is the only album by Unheilig with songs sung in English with the exception of a few singles and remixes.In July 2009 Phosphor was re-released with new artwork and a remastered audio track.
 Blood Drive is the fifth album by hard rock band ASG. The album was released on May 28 2013.
 Live at the Musicians Exchange Cafe (also released as What's New? The Real McCoy and Hip Toe) is a 1987 live album by McCoy Tyner released on the Who's Who in Jazz label. It was recorded in July 1987 and features performances by Tyner with Avery Sharpe and Louis Hayes.
 Whistle Rymes is the second solo album by John Entwistle bassist for British rock band The Who.John Entwistle's second solo effort Whistle Rymes is generally considered by many Ox aficionados as his most accomplished album; the title being a sly dig at the then common misspelling of that of his distinctive surname.Like most of the Songs on the album Ten Little Friends was written on piano at John Entwistle's Earling home studio and sprang from a bout of writer's block.While he sat at the piano waiting for inspiration starring back at him were ten miniature troll figurines and a skull name Mr Bones - a characteristic gift from fellow Who bandmate Keith Moon.The extended solo on Ten Little Friends came courtesy of ex-Herd/Humble Pie guitarist Peter Frampton captured just before his fame went supernova in the United States during the mid-Seventies.Several tracks on Whistle Rymes including Apron Strings and I Wonder grew out of John Entwistle's domestic duties as a new father (His only son Christopher Entwistle was born that January in 1972).Apron Strings was further inspired by the British comedy series The Two Ronnies while I Wonder was often cited as an example of John Entwistle's warped perspective accurately reflected all those insane questions young children pose to their parents.Thinkin' It Over was written from the prospective of a potential suicide who after weighing up the pros and cons who chooses life instead.Who Cares? spelt out John Entwistle's Laissez Faire I'm alright Jack attitude to life with a hypnotic fade out featuring an intoxicating mix of Brass Peter Frampton's (or possibly Jimmy McCulloch's) lead guitar and John Entwistle's swooping bass lines.One almost winces when hearing the desperate anti-hero of I Was Just Being Friendly - an all-too realistic portrayal a pickup gone wrong - plead his case The album was the one of the first albums to feature the bass synthesizer if not the first.The album was rated by Allmusic as having a catchy straightforward pop-tinged rock with dark often bitingly sarcastic lyrics.
 Harvest Storm is the third studio album by Altan released in 1992 on the Green Linnet label.
 The Trance is an album by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin featuring performances recorded in 1965 for the Prestige label.
 Voodoo Highway is the second album of the band Badlands. After the first Badlands album drummer Eric Singer left the band to join KISS and was replaced by drummer Jeff Martin who had previously sung lead vocals in the bands Surgical Steel and Racer X. Badlands bandmates Greg Chaisson and Jeff Martin later played together in the bands Blindside Blues Band and RedSea.
 Thizz City is a compilation album by American rapper Messy Marv released on August 10 2010 via SMC Recordings. The album includes performances by San Quinn Berner and Cellski among others and guest appearances from Keak da Sneak Glasses Malone and more. Thizz City charted on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 Shine is a five-song EP by Anna Nalick released on April 1 2008 (see 2008 in music). It is composed of the album version of the new song Shine two acoustic versions of songs from her debut album (Breathe (2 AM) and Wreck of the Day) a cover version of Red Hot Chili Peppers song Breaking the Girl and an acoustic version of the title track.
 Across The Great Divide is a compilation album by Canadian-American rock group The Band. Released in 1994 it consists of two discs of songs from The Band's first seven albums and a third disc of rarities taken from various studio sessions and live performances. The set is now out-of-print having been replaced by a five-CD/one-DVD box set that was released in September 2005.
 Winner Stays On is the fourth studio album by London-based grime music collective Roll Deep it was released on 8 November 2010. Three singles have been released from the album including Good Times and Green Light which both went to number 1 in the UK plus the top 30 hit Take Control which features Alesha Dixon.
 Blake's New Jerusalem is an album by Tim Blake recorded and originally released in 1978.The title is a reference to the popular British hymn Jerusalem which is based on William Blake's 1804 poem And did those feet in ancient time.Tim Blake performed the tracks Lighthouse and Blake's New Jerusalem live with Hawkwind.
 Erect the Youth Problem is the only studio album released by American punk trio Wives.
 The True Meaning is the second studio album by Queensbridge rapper Cormega. It was critically acclaimed and won the prestigious Independent Album of the Year at the Source Awards 2003. He also received Impact Artist of the Year honors at the Underground Music Awards. It was praised for its back to basics formula tight beats and fierce rhymes.
 Intermezzo is the eighth studio album by American progressive metal musician Michael Angelo Batio. Self-produced by Batio and featuring a wide range of guest musicians it was released in November 2013 by M.A.C.E. Music.
 The Goodbye Girl is an album by Australian rock band Epicure. It was released on 8 March 2004.
 Flowergirls & Cowgirls is an album released by New Zealand twin musicians Topp Twins in 2005.
 Vultures is the debut album by the British-Canadian supergroup AxeWound released on October 1 2012. The first song Post Apocalyptic Party was released on May 1 2012 when group founder Matt Tuck unveiled the group which along with the Bullet for My Valentine frontman features Cancer Bats vocalist Liam Cormier Glamour of the Kill guitarist Mike Kingswood ex-Rise to Remain bassist Joe Copcutt and Pitchshifter drummer Jason Bowld.
 In the Junkyard is the debut EP from The Potbelleez. It featured the singles Junkyard and Duurty Dreemz.
 Reunion at Budokan 1981 is a live album by American jazz group the Modern Jazz Quartet featuring performances recorded at their reunion concert at the Nippon Budokan in 1981 and released on the Pablo label.
 Bombs & Butterflies is the fifth studio album by the Athens Georgia-based band Widespread Panic. The band started recording the album in July 1996 at John Keane's studio in Athens. The band held a CD release party at Morton Theatre in Athens one day prior to their Fox Theatre New Year's Eve run on December 28 1996. It was first released by Capricorn Records on February 4 1997.
 Elevation is the progressive bluegrass debut album of the Yonder Mountain String Band. It was released in 1999 by Frog Pad Records an independent record label run by the band. The album features appearances by bluegrass musicians Mike Marshall and Darol Anger.
 Best of Both Worlds Concert is the accompanying live album for the concert film Hannah Montana & Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert released on March 11 2008 by Walt Disney Records. It includes live performances of songs from the soundtrack albums Hannah Montana (2006) and Hannah Montana 2: Meet Miley Cyrus (2007) which respectively accompany the first and second seasons of the television series Hannah Montana.
 Black Beauty: Miles Davis at Fillmore West is a live album by American jazz recording artist Miles Davis recorded on April 10 1970 at the Fillmore West in San Francisco. It was first released in 1973 on vinyl LP in Japan and reissued in 1997 on a double-CD format in the United States.
 Let's Go Scare Al was the first album recorded by the Austin Minnesota band the Gear Daddies. The album was released in 1988 on the Gark record label and re-released in 1989 on Polygram Records.
 Split the Country Split the Street is Kevin Devine's third studio album. It was released in 2005 being the second of two albums released on Triple Crown Records. It is the first solo record released after Kevin was no longer in Miracle of 86 (a band in which he was the lead singer). The album features more rock oriented songs with fuller band arrangements than his previous two releases and was produced by Chris Bracco Mike Skinner & Kevin Devine.
 İçinde Aşk Var (English: There's Love Inside) is Işın Karaca's second solo album which was released on 16 December 2004. There's also a song written by herself in the album. Other writers are: Sezen Aksu Aysel Gürel Suat Suna Ümit Sayın etc.First video is taken for Yetinmeyi bilir misin?. It was said that Turkish musician Serkan take out this song from his debut album and gave to Karaca. There are two Karacas in the video; a good and an evil Karaca.
 Busco Un Pueblo (English: I am Searching for A City) is the thirteenth studio album by Puerto Rican-American salsa singer-songwriter Víctor Manuelle released on November 21 2011 on Sony Music. It contains two singles. Si Tu Me Besas was released on October 9 2011 as the first official single and Ella Lo Que Quiere Es Salsa was released on April 3 2012 it features Voltio and Jowell & Randy. A deluxe edition was released on January 24 2012 featuring five bonus tracks.
 Fluent In Stroll is the seventh studio album by the Boston ska punk band Big D and the Kids Table released on July 7 2009 by Side One Dummy Records. It was produced by Joe Gittleman of The Mighty Mighty Bosstones and features backing vocals by Sirae Richardson Hayley Jane and Nicole and Simone Olivia who perform as the Doped Up Dollies. Its title refers to the band's new musical direction dubbed stroll a mix of double-Dutch ska reggae and soul.
 Flying High is the debut album of The Irresistible Force released in 1992 through Instinct Records.
 This is a list of tie-in merchandise and non-televisual media associated with Thunderbirds a British science-fiction series created by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson filmed by their production company AP Films between 1964 and 1966 and distributed by ITC Entertainment. Since the series' first appearance in the 1960s more than 3000 Thunderbirds tie-in products – including children's toys print media and audio episodes – have been marketed.
 Nightmares...and Other Tales from the Vinyl Jungle is the sixth album by American rock band The J. Geils Band released in 1974 (see 1974 in music).
 And the Big Red Nebula Band was the third album by Fingathing.It was released in May 2004 on Grand Central Records in the UK and licensed from them by Ninja Tune in the U.S. & Canada.
 I Promise also known as the MySpace Album is a 2006 album by Chinese-American rapper Jin. It was released on November 1 2006
 Good Girl Gone Bad: The Remixes is the first remix album by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. It was released on January 27 2009 through Def Jam Recordings. The album contains club remixes of tracks from her third studio album Good Girl Gone Bad (2007) and its 2008 re-release Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded. The songs were remixed by producers and disc jockeys such as Moto Blanco Tony Moran Soul Seekerz and Wideboys.
 Southern Reunion (Angel Air SJPCD163) is Mo Foster's second solo album.All tracks were produced by Mo engineered and mixed by Simon Smart with the exception of The Man From The Everglades which was engineered and mixed by Mo.Southern Reunion was originally released on the MMC label in 1991 and was subsequently remastered and re-released in 2004 on the Angel Air record label.
 Earth Sun Moon is the third studio album by English alternative rock band Love and Rockets released in 1987 on Beggar's Banquet.The album was remastered but not expanded (unlike their previous albums) in 2001. Most of the tracks that would have appeared on an expanded edition were included on disc 5 of their 2013 CD box set 5 Albums.
 Dance of Druids is the first full-length album by the Russian folk metal band Fferyllt. It was released on 9 February 2009 through Stygian Crypt Productions.
 Urban Chipmunk was the first country album by Alvin and the Chipmunks released on February 4 1981. The title parodies the 1980 movie Urban Cowboy.
 FabricLive.01 is a DJ mix compilation album by James Lavelle as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Alison aka Excuse Me is the second album by Australian pop soul rock and blues singer Alison MacCallum released in 1975.
 World on a String is a 1991 CD album by Henry Red Allen. The album was originally issued on vinyl in 1957 with a slightly different track listing as Ride Red Ride in Hi-Fi (RCA Victor RD-27045) by Henry Red Allen's All Stars.
 Euphoria is a 1996 EP by Vinnie Vincent. There is another pressing of this disc as well called The EP. The purpose was to preview material for an album called Guitarmageddon which has yet to materialize. Vinnie thanks Paul Stanley Gene Simmons and Eric Carr on the album.
 Free Fall is a studio album by the jazz fusion band Dixie Dregs released in 1977.
 Of Stone Wind and Pillor is an EP by American metal band Agalloch. It was originally meant to be released as a 7 vinyl in Dec '98 on Iron First Productions (with only the first 3 songs) but that never happened and was later released in 2001 via The End Records with 2 bonus tracks. Kneel To The Cross was recorded in 2001 and A Poem By Yeats was recorded in 2000. This release was limited to 2500 copies. Artworks are by Gustav Doré cover art is called Le Cerf Se Voyant Dans L'Eau.
 Cruzados is the 1985 debut album of Los Angeles rock band the Cruzados. It featured the band's classic line-up of Tito Larriva Steven Hufsteter Tony Marsico and Chalo Quintana. It also featured the band's best known songs such as Motorcycle Girl Flor De Mal and Just Like Roses.
 Together Again! is an album by saxophonist Willis Jackson with organist Jack McDuff which was recorded in 1959 and 1960 and released on the Prestige label in 1965.
 Live From Toronto is an EP by the Portland Oregon band Everclear. It was released only in Japan. Recorded January 14 1998 in Toronto the entire set list was 12 songs long.
 Blond Ambition World Tour Live (credited as Live! Madonna: Blond Ambition World Tour 90 in the video sequence) is a video album by American singer-songwriter Madonna. It was released only on Laserdisc by Pioneer Artists as part of the sponsorship deal of the 1990 Blond Ambition World Tour. It contains the final tour date recorded in Nice France.
 Tyrese is the debut album from singer Tyrese. The third single Sweet Lady reached number 12 on the US Billboard Hot 100 his biggest hit until the release of How You Gonna Act Like That in 2003.
 Live: The Good The Bad And The Ugly is an album by the Huntingtons released in 1999 on Tooth & Nail Records.
 Donut Shop is a 2-disc collection of previously unrealeased instrumental hip hop songs by J Dilla former founding member of Slum Village. The collection was posthumously released in 2010 by joint venture of Stones Throw the J Dilla Estate and Serato.
 Angels with Dirty Faces is the third album of Bristol England musician Tricky released in 1998. The title is taken from the film of the same name.Broken Homes features English singer/songwriter PJ Harvey. Carriage for Two features the guitar playing of Anthrax guitarist Scott Ian.Various tracks features the guitars of Marc Ribot.
 Jammy Smears is a studio album by Ivor Cutler originally released in 1976. It was the last of the three albums he released on Virgin Records and as with the previous two he is joined by Phyllis King who reads six of her own poems and short stories.
 Singles is the fourth studio album released by the American band Future Islands on March 24 2014 through 4AD Records.
 Gold Stars 1992–2002: The Juliana Hatfield Collection is Juliana Hatfield's first collection of greatest hits and also includes previously unreleased recordings released in 2002.
 Tokyo Collection is the first live album by the Japanese band Tokyo Jihen released on February 15 2012 by EMI Music Japan / Virgin Music.The first press edition is a cardboard sleeve.
 Pure Desmond is an album by American jazz saxophonist Paul Desmond recorded in 1974 and released on the CTI label.
 Arbeiter At the Gate is a post-punk experimental noise-rock album.
 Beach Boys' Party! is an album of mostly cover songs featuring acoustic instruments by American rock band the Beach Boys that was recorded for and marketed during the lucrative Christmas season. The original album release included a sheet of photographs of the band 'appearing' to be at the party at hand. It was the Beach Boys' tenth album release and their third in 1965. Although it was recorded in a music studio it is presented as an impromptu live recording of a party.
 X Rated is a Studio Album by Canadian dubstep producer Jeff Abel also known as Excision. The X Rated album was released on September 12th 2011 through Canadian Electro House producer deadmau5's record label Mau5trap Recordings. On September 3rd 2012 a remix album for the X Rated album was released.
 Wrecking Ball is the first full-length album from the band Dead Confederate. It was recorded in Austin TX with producer Mike McCarthy (Spoon ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead Heartless Bastards) in January 2008.
 The Kids Are Alright is a soundtrack album by British rock band The Who as a companion to the band's documentary film of the same name.It was originally released as a double album in June 1979 on Polydor Records in the UK and MCA Records in the US. The performance of My Wife was from a concert The Who filmed for The Kids Are Alright at the Gaumont State Cinema in Kilburn; however the footage was not used in the film.
 Suicide By My Side is the third album by the power metal band Sinergy released in 2002. It shows a substantial progress in their musical style; singer Kimberly Goss performs in a sharper more aggressive vocal style and guitarists Alexi Laiho and Roope Latvala perform more technical solos. This was the last album with band members Marco Hietala and Tommi Lillman on bass and drums respectively. Hietala would continue to perform with the bands Nightwish and Tarot.
 Here's to Taking It Easy is the fifth full-length album by Phosphorescent. It is his third on the Dead Oceans label. It was released on May 11 2010.
 Baby Baby Baby is an album by blues vocalist Jimmy Witherspoon which was recorded in 1963 and released on the Prestige label.
 Escape is the second English-language studio album released by Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias. The album was released on October 30 2001 and was later reissued in late 2002 with the addition of three bonus tracks.
 Birdsongs of the Mesozoic is the eponymous first EP by the American Avant-rock band Birdsongs of the Mesozoic released in 1983 through Ace of Hearts Records.
 Ten Years of Gold is a compilation album by Kenny Rogers issued in 1978.
 Sweet Sundown is the third studio album by Canadian country music artist Jason Blaine. It was released on March 30 2010 by E1 Entertainment. Blaine wrote or co-wrote ten of the album's eleven tracks including Home Is a Highway a collaboration with Steve Wariner. When You Love Someone was previously recorded by Bryan Adams on his 1997 album MTV Unplugged.
 Mania was released in 1986 in the UK and the U.S. on Big Time Records. It was The Lucy Show's second and final album. The band changed direction from the richly atmospheric and melancholy ...undone and aimed for a more upbeat commercial sound. The album received better critical reviews than the debut album and sold more copies topping the CMJ charts in the US and earning some MTV airplay for the music video of the song A Million Things.
 Tzomborgha is the 10th Full-length album by Ruins released in 2002 by Ipecac Recordings. It is the final full-length album to feature Ruins as a two-piece. The Black Sabbath Medley also appears on the Temporary Residence Black Sabbath tribute Everything Comes & Goes.
 Come See About Me: The Definitive DVD is a 2004 film featuring concert performances by American blues artist John Lee Hooker. It is the first video released by his estate and includes video footage from 1960 to 1994 and interviews with Hooker and other musicians. Allmusic called it a tremendous primer for the novice [and] an extraordinary two-hours-plus of documentary footage for the fans.
 The Sotajumala MCD was released by Sotajumala in 2001. Recorded and mixed by Tuomo Valtonen at Sundicoop studios. Artwork by A. Romo.
 This article describes the 23rd album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 23 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 23 or Now 23 was released in 1992 on vinyl audio cassette and Compact Disc.
 Drop is a studio album by American rock band Thee Oh Sees. It was released in April 2014 under Castle Face Records.
 Arrows of Desire is the sixth solo album by Matthew Good.The album's first single Had It Coming was released on May 27. The album was nominated for Rock Album of the Year at the 2014 Juno Awards.
 Yolandita is the 22nd studio album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge. It was released in 1995. This album marked a radical change of sound and image for the singer with a fresh and young approach that included long hair and a belly ring. In the first 6 months more than 200000 copies were sold in several Latin American countries. This album earned Gold status due to high sales and is currently out of print CD but it is available as a digital download at iTunes with a different artwork.
 Get Busy Living is the fifth album from the South African electronica/dance group Goldfish. It was released in 2010.Sakhile Moleshe Monique Hellenberg and Emily Bruce appear on the album as guests. Band member David Poole also sings during the track Show You How.
 Digital Works is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances digitally recorded in 1985 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Live! Go For What You Know is a live album by the Pat Travers Band released in 1979 on Polydor Records. It reached platinum status in the US and was re-released on CD in 1993.
 Red Hot + Rhapsody: The Gershwin Groove is a compilation album produced by Paul Heck of the Red Hot Organization (RHO) to celebrate the birthday of George Gershwin. This compilation is the twelfth entry from the international organization's Red Hot Benefit Series.
 Waves Are Universal is the debut solo album from former Slowdive and Mojave 3 singer/bassist Rachel Goswell. It was produced by David Naughton and released by 4AD on June 14 2004 in the UK and June 22 2004 in the US. The album was recorded after production and touring for Mojave 3's album Spoon and Rafter resumed.
 Almafuerte is the third studio album by heavy metal band Almafuerte released in 1998. The album contains a several covers of Ricardo Iorio former band Hermética.
 Moving Notes Kelvin Tan (simplified Chinese: 走唱陈伟联; traditional Chinese: 走唱陳偉聯; pinyin: zou chang chen wei lian) is Kelvin Tan's 3rd solo album in Singapore.
 The Best of Great White: 1986–1992 is a compilation album released by the American hard rock band Great White in 1993.
 No More Color is Coroner's third album. It is the release where they started to truly 'progress' as the songs are still similar to their older speedy European thrash metal but start to feature elements of the avant-garde progressive thrash of their later albums.
 Animal House is the 1987 debut album from U.D.O. after Udo Dirkschneider's departure from Accept. It was recorded August-October 1987 at Dierks Studios Cologne. It charted #41 in Sweden.The performance of the song Lay Down the Law is credited to Accept and U.D.O..Pulheimer Kinder- und Jugendchor contribute vocals to They Want War.In some releases a picture of the tour band including Dieter Rubach and Andy Susemihl was featured in the booklet.
 The Rubaiyat of Dorothy Ashby (subtitled Original compositions inspired by the words of Omar Khayyam arranged and conducted by Richard Evans) is an album by jazz harpist Dorothy Ashby recorded in late 1969 and early 1970 and released on the Cadet label.
 I Get a Kick Out of Bu is an album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers recorded in Italy in 1988 and released on the Soul Note label.
 Spiritual Apocalypse is the sixth full-length album by Floridian death metal band Monstrosity. Critics were overwhelmingly positive. The album cover art is by David_Ho_(artist).
 Dick's Picks Volume 35 is the 35th installment of the Dick's Pick's series of Grateful Dead concert recordings. It is a four CD set that contains the complete show recorded on August 7 1971 at Golden Hall in San Diego California and a substantial portion of the show recorded on August 24 1971 at the Auditorium Theatre in Chicago Illinois.
 Love is Gone is the second studio album by American rock band Dommin released 2 February 2010 in the US and 15 February 2010 in the UK. Although it is their debut album under the Roadrunner Records label Mend Your Misery released four years prior is their debut studio album overall.
 The Creation of the Universe is Lou Reed's Metal Machine Trio's first album. Metal Machine Trio was formed in 2008 with Ulrich Krieger and Sarth Calhoun to play music inspired by Reed's 1975 album Metal Machine Music. The first concerts of the group were on October 2 and 3 2008 at REDCAT in Los Angeles. The group was named Metal Machine Trio only after these concerts. The concert itself was announced as Lou Reed and Ulrich Krieger: Unclassified.
 Rarities is a Black 'n Blue compilation album. It contains remakes of a few of their greatest hits but mostly rare tracks as depicted in the album title. The album contains remakes of hits such as Hold On to 18 remakes of many demo songs (some of which appeared on The Demos Remastered: Anthology 1 disc) and a live version of the song Autoblast.
 777 is the first DVD by American Christian metalcore band Underoath. It was released in the United States and other countries on July 17 2007 with the intention of having the numbers of its release date coincide with the DVD title.The DVD is split into three sections: Moments Suspended in Time; the MySpace Secret Show which was played in St. Petersburg Florida; and a music video section.
 DANCE is Taiwanese Mandopop quartet boyband Lollipop F's fifth studio Mandarin album. It was released on 20 October 2011 by Gold Typhoon (Taiwan).
 The Quickening is the fifth studio album by the southern California punk rock band The Vandals released in 1996 by Nitro Records. Much of the album is characterized by themes of nihilism and anarchism but presented with the tongue-in-cheek humor for which the band is known.Both the band and the album attracted increased attention due to their involvement with the film Glory Daze.
 A Gate Through the Past is the début full-length album by the Italian symphonic power metal band Holy Knights. It was first released in Japan on January 23 2012 via Tokuma and re-released by Underground Symphony worldwide on June 5.
 The Lost Chapters is an album released by West-Coast rapper Mr. Capone-E in 2009. The album contains songs that did not make the album Diary of a G.
 Jubilation is the tenth and final studio album by Canadian/American rock group The Band. Recorded in the spring of 1998 in Levon Helm's home studio in Woodstock New York it was released on September 15 1998. For the first time since the group reformed without guitarist and songwriter Robbie Robertson there were more originals than covers on Jubilation.
 Metallitotuus (English: Metal Truth) is the debut album by Finnish heavy metal band Teräsbetoni.
 Live in Nashville TN is a live album by the band King Crimson released through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in February 2002.Recorded at 328 Performance Hall Nashville USA November 9–10 2001.↑
 Woman in Me is the second solo album by the British singer Louise. Released in 1997 it peaked at no.5 on the UK album chart.In October 1997 Louise released the single Arms Around the World which became (at that time) her highest charting single at no.4. This was quickly followed up by the single Let's Go Round Again (a cover of the 1980 hit by The Average White Band track) which reached no.10.
 DDP 4 Life is the debut album from Dublin Death Patrol a thrash metal band formed by Testament vocalist Chuck Billy and Exodus vocalist Steve Zetro Souza and released on Friday the 13th (April 13th) 2007.
 Steal Away is an album by pianist Hank Jones and bassist Charlie Haden recorded in 1995 and released on the Verve label.
 Corridos de Muerte (Tales of Death) is the first album by deathgrind band Asesino first released in 2002. It was re-released in 2005 with a bonus DVD.
 Rise of the Machine is the first studio album by the British heavy metal band Deep Machine.It was released on April 25 2014.
 5 Years is the first best album by Japanese pop singer Kaela Kimura released on February 3 2010. Limited edition has two CD.
 American Hearts is the first solo album by A.A. Bondy released in 2007 (see 2007 in music).
 The Southern Way is an EP by UGK which was released on cassette only in 1992. Side A is dubbed Short Side and Side B is dubbed Texas Side.
 The Rapture is the 11th and final studio album by Siouxsie and the Banshees. The songs with cello arrangements including the title track plus Fall from Grace and Not Forgotten were produced by the band on their own in 1993. John Cale later produced the remaining songs in mid-1994.
 The 18th Day is the debut album by hip hop singer Estelle. The first edition was released on 18 October 2004 and the second edition on 4 April 2005.
 The New Transistor Heroes is the 1997 debut album from the pop group Bis. The intro to the opening song Tell it to the Kids was recorded by friend of the band Mark Percival credited in the album notes as Marky P.
 Nina Simone at Town Hall is a 1959 live album by Nina Simone. It was recorded live at The Town Hall on 15 September 1959 and released as her second album for Colpix Records that same year. Some of the songs were featured in the concert but were re-recorded in a studio for the album.
 Live in Warsaw is the first live album by IAMX released on 14 November 2008 through record company 61seconds. The album was originally only to be released in Poland (under exclusive license to Vision Film) however it was made available worldwide by an online retailer. The album is now out of print.The performance was recorded on 29 July 2007 at the Agnieszka Osiecka Music Studio of Polish Radio in front of a live audience for Polskie Radio Program III.
 The Reckoning is the fourth studio album from American rock band Needtobreathe released on September 20 2011 through Atlantic Records. It is the last album featuring drummer Joe Stillwell. It debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Christian Album chart No. 1 on the Billboard Rock Albums chart No. 4 on the Billboard Digital Albums chart and No. 6 on the Billboard 200 chart selling 49000 copies in its first week. The song Oohs and Ahhs was used in a promotional advertisement for J. J.
 Drift is the fifth album by Flotsam and Jetsam released on April 25 1995.It was re-released on June 10 2008 by Metal Mind Productions. This release is remastered with three bonus tracks and limited to 2000 copies. The re-release also contains new packaging and liner notes from the band members Eric A.K. Jason Ward and Ed Carlson.
 On the Wires of Our Nerves is the second album by UK group Add N To (X) released in 1998.
 Discoing the Dead is the third album by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts. It was created and recorded between November 2000 and February 2001 at Total Bastard Studio (Topon Das's home studio). This is the first Fuck the Facts release on CD. The previous two full lengths and the various splits had all been on cassette.The CDs are numbered supposedly out of 666 though Das has stated that he remembers losing count and eventually labelled many of them as 666.
 Setting The Woods On Fire is the 7th album by The Walkabouts released in 1994. All the songs are credited to The group as a whole.
 Like You Do... Best of The Lightning Seeds is the first greatest hits album from The Lightning Seeds released on 10 November 1997. What You Say was released as a single on 1 December 1997 and peaked at #41 in the UK singles chart.
 Blood Music is the second and last studio album by British shoegazing band Chapterhouse. Early copies of this album as well as North American and Japanese editions include the bonus remix CD Pentamerous Metamorphosis by Global Communication. Cherry Red re-issued the album in 2008 prefaced by songs from the Mesmerise and We Are The Beautiful CD singles.
 Split is a split album by the Huntingtons and Darlington (singer) released in 2000 on Melted Records. A vinyl version was also released and pressed on Stardumb Records.
 Evel Knievel Factor is the second studio-album by the Finnish rock group Private Line. It was released in Finland on 1 November 2006. Two singles have been released from the album: Broken Promised Land on 31 May 2005 and Sound Advice on 28 January 2007. The b-side on the Broken Promised Land single is the album track Uniform while as b-sides to Sound Advice are two previously unreleased songs Tokyo and Criminal.
 Invocation is the eighth studio album by German thrash metal band Dew-Scented released in 2010 through Metal Blade Records.
 Belfast is an album by folk metal artists Mägo de Oz which was released in 2004.
 Villebillies is the self-titled debut album of Villebillies. Released on September 26 2006 on Universal Records
 Eliksir (Elixir) is the second studio album by Norwegian Hard rock band Skambankt. The first single Tyster received a decent amount of radio airplay and it entered the Norwegian album charts on 8th place the week after its release. A video was made to promote the record's second single Dynasti. The Intro which is the main riff of Nok et Offer played on church bells was played on the bells of the clocktower of Oslo Rådhus in Oslo and recorded.
 Kristy Starling is the eponymous debut album by Kristy Starling. It was released by Warner Bros. Records on April 22 2003. The album consist of Contemporary Christian songs as well as a cover of LeAnn Rimes' 2000 hit song I Need You and Josh Groban's To Where You Are. The album peaked at number twenty-four on the Billboard Contemporary Christian.
 Between Five and Seven is as the name suggests the sixth studio album by folk singer-songwriter John Gorka. It was released in August 1996. It is the last of the five albums Gorka recorded for Windham Hill/High Street Records before returning to the smaller Red House label. Gorka produced the album with John Jennings who also produced Gorka's previous record Out of the Valley.
 X is the tenth studio album by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue. It is her first release since the greatest hits compilation Ultimate Kylie (2004) and her first studio album since Body Language (2003). X was preceded by lead single 2 Hearts and released worldwide in November 2007. The American release of X took place in April 2008 preceded by the single All I See.
 Miles & Coltrane is a live album by American jazz musician Miles Davis released in 1958 by Columbia Records and recorded from October 27 1955 through July 4 1958. The tunes have been digitally remastered directly from the original analog tapes.
 In Concert is a live album by pianist Kenny Drew with guitarist Philip Catherine and bassist Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen recorded in West Germany in 1977 and released on the SteepleChase label.
 Escapism is the second studio album by Danish recording artist Fallulah released on 4 February 2013 by Sony Music. It was released three years after her platinum selling debut album The Black Cat Neighborhood (2010).It debuted and peaked at number two on the Danish Album Charts.
 Bad Habits is the third studio album by Every Avenue released on August 2 2011 through Fearless Records. The album was announced through a YouTube video on April 27. The song Whatever Happened To You was streamed on their Facebook shortly after the album announcement. The lead single Fall Apart was released to radio stations on June 28 2011. The second single No One But You was released on July 19 2011. The album peaked No.
 Falling From Grace is an EP released by former Belle & Sebastian member Isobel Campbell under the name of The Gentle Waves. The album was released on September 2000.
 Death’s Contradiction is an EP by the Dutch death metal band Katafalk. It was released in 2006.
 Famous 'Seven' Princess is the name of a soundtrack in 2006 for the KBS drama 소문난칠공주 (Famous 'Seven' Princess).
 Emozioni (Emotions) is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Lucio Battisti. It was released in December 1970 by Dischi Ricordi.The album was Italy's fourth-best-selling album in 1971.
 Devil Without a Cause is Kid Rock's fourth album. Produced by Kid Rock with John Travis it was released in 1998 by Atlantic Records. It is Kid Rock's last album to be categorized as hip hop before crossing over to more traditional rock music. Allmusic labeled the album as a rap-rock masterpiece.The album was certified 11 times Platinum by the RIAA by April 2003.
 3.V is third studio album by Zebra that was released in 1986 on Atlantic Records. This album marked a new more AOR radio-friendly direction attempting a commercial comeback for the group after the 1984 flop No Tellin' Lies. This bid would prove unsuccessful as the record company did little in the way of promotion and the album failed to chart - it would be the group's last studio album for Atlantic before being dropped from the label. The album went out-of-print in 1990.
 Apparently Unaffected is an album by the Norwegian singer-songwriter Maria Mena released on November 14 2005 in Europe. It was re-released in June 2006 in the Netherlands where it peaked at #11. The album spawned four singles: Miss You Love Just Hold Me Our Battles and the final single Nevermind Me in early 2008. The album ended up at the #48 position in the year end chart of 2006 in the Netherlands. The album was produced by Arvid Solvang.
 Live at 2:00 A.M. is an album by German industrial music artist P·A·L recorded live. It was released in Europe by Pflichtkauf records as a CD.
 Frigate is the fourteenth studio album by the Canadian rock band April Wine released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).The album was re-released in 2007 under its original name. Note that Tonight Is a Wonderful Time to Fall in Love is a re-work of the single from an earlier album 1975's Stand Back. Frigate also included two cover songs: Willie Dixon's I Just Want to Make Love to You and Steve Winwood's I'm A Man.The ship featured on the album cover is the HMCS Antigonish (K661).
 Live for Tomorrow is the first solo album by American hard rock bassist Marco Mendoza. It was produced and co-written by Richie Kotzen who also recorded most of the guitar tracks and made several vocal appearances. The album also features many other famous rock musicians such as Steve Lukather of Toto Doug Aldrich and Tommy Aldridge of Whitesnake Ted Nugent Brian Tichy and others.
 Live at Montreux 2004 is a live video released by American rock band Korn. It was released on May 13 2008 in the US and one day earlier in the UK. It was also released on Blu-ray on July 1 2008 and the day before in the United Kingdom. It has a 75 minute runtime. This video was made prior to the departure of former guitarist Brian Head Welch and drummer David Silveria.
 Evil Invaders is the second album released in 1985 by Canadian speed/thrash metal band Razor. The album's art depicting an evil cyborg of living tissue under a metal endoskeleton is reminiscent of the title character from the science fiction action film The Terminator released one year prior.
 All 4 One is the debut album by the German group beFour.
 C'est déjà ça is a 1993 album recorded by French singer Alain Souchon. It was his eleventh album overall and was released on October 10 1993. It achieved smash success in France where it remained for 100 weeks in the top 50 including one week at the top and 108 weeks on the chart. It was also successful in Belgium (Wallonia). It provided two successful singles in France : Foule sentimentale (#1) and L'Amour à la machine (#21).
 Crossings is the tenth album by jazz pianist Herbie Hancock released in 1972. It is the second album in his Mwandishi period which saw him experimenting in electronics. Notably the album is the band's first to feature their new member - synthesizer player Patrick Gleeson.
 Rock!!!!! is an album released by Violent Femmes in 1995. It was originally released only in Australia but is now available in the rest of the world. It features cover photography by David LaChapelle. This was the first Violent Femmes album not to chart on the Billboard 200 since 1984's Hallowed Ground.
 Volcano is the fifth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Satyricon. It was released on 25 October 2002 through Moonfog Productions. The album is one of the band's more successful records having won several awards including the Norwegian Grammy for Best Metal Album Alarm awards for Metal Album of the Year Song of the Year for Fuel for Hatred and an Oslo award for Best Overall Album. A video was made for the single Fuel for Hatred.
 Master of Pigeons is an album by Japanther. It was released by Menlo Park Recordings in 2005.
 Dying Emotions Domain is the first studio album by black metal band Astrofaes. It was re-released on CD format in 2001 on Chanteloup Creations. Necromantical Screams is a Celtic Frost cover.
 Antennae is an album by American jazz guitarist Joe Morris which was recorded in 1997 and released on the AUM Fidelity label. It features a trio with Jerome Deupree who was the original drummer in the rock band Morphine and played with Morris on some of his early Riti albums and bassist Nate McBride. The pieces on Antennae took their inspiration from a collection of visual graphic aids created by Lowell Davidson a pianist with whom Morris worked fairly extensively before his death in 1990.
 Live in Liverpool is an live album by American indie rock band Gossip recorded in Liverpool in July 2007. It was originally released exclusively in Australia to coincide with the band's December 2007 Australian tour. The CD was issued in a cardboard sleeve and limited to 4000 copies.April 2008 saw the international release of Live in Liverpool. A DVD of the concert was also included. The CD/DVD set was also reissued in Australia (the original release contained CD only).
 Money Is Still a Major Issue is a remix album by rapper Pitbull. It was released on November 15 2005 and features several of his guest appearances remixes and some unreleased tracks.
 The Four Quarters is an album written and produced by Vladislav Delay.
 Love Stinks is the eleventh album by American rock band The J. Geils Band released in 1980 (see 1980 in music).The title song Love Stinks is a rant against unrequited love. It has been covered by industrial metal band Bile by Andru Branch in the film Love Stinks Joan Jett in the film Mr. Wrong and Adam Sandler in the movie The Wedding Singer. The song was also featured in the film Opie Gets Laid. As of late July 2009 Love Stinks is heard in a series of Swiffer commercials.
 Forever Yours is the name of a Country music album by Dottie West released in 1970.This album was named after the single spawned from this album. The Forever Yours single just missed breaking the Billboard Country Top 20 reaching No. 21. There is a mixture of songs on here some are heartbreak songs and some such as cover versions of Rocky Top and the Pop hit Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head are fun-loving songs. This would be her last charted album as a solo artist until 1973.
 The Replacements Stink is an EP by the band The Replacements recorded at Blackberry Way Minneapolis Minnesota on March 13 1982 and released on June 24 1982 (see 1982 in music).Before the first track Kids Don't Follow audio can be heard of the Minneapolis police breaking up a Replacements gig. It is possible by listening carefully to hear one of the audience members curse the police. The audience member in question is believed to be Dave Pirner of Soul Asylum.
 Love Is... is the third solo album of StarStruck ultimate female survivor Jennylyn Mercado. It was released in January 2010 under VIVA Records her first album with that record company. It is composed of 11 revival songs and 2 new songs.
 Perto do Amanhecer is the second studio album by Brazilian progressive rock group Apocalypse. The compositions are in the symphonic prog rock way with influences of progressive British bands such as Yes Marillion IQ Genesis and Emerson Lake & Palmer. Keyboardist Eloy Fritsch's Minimoog solos and synthesizers are present on all tracks of this CD. The album has some classical moments and even hard rock passages.
 Dziękuję bardzo is the thirty-ninth album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 2009 and taking in consideration the previously released multi-disc box sets (Silver Edition Historic Edition Jubilee Edition Contemporary Works I and Contemporary Works II) it could be viewed as Schulze's one hundredth album. This is the third Schulze album with guest vocalist Lisa Gerrard. It was recorded at two concerts in Warsaw Poland and Berlin Germany.
 You've Got to Believe in Something is the third studio album by American jam band Spin Doctors released in 1996.
 Bring Him Home is a studio album by Alfie Boe released on 27 December 2010 by Decca Records.
 Viewfinder is Pullman's second album the follow-up to 1998's Turnstyles & Junkpiles.
 Years Gone By is the third studio album by Albert King.
 The music to The Maltese Falcon — the 1941 film starring Humphrey Bogart — was written by Adolph Deutsch who later went on the win an Academy Award for his incidental music for Oklahoma! in 1955.The recording was re-released in 2002 along with other film soundtrack works by Deutsch including George Washington Slept Here The Mask of Dimitrios High Sierra and Northern Pursuit.
 Esperando el milagro is the ninth album by Argentine rock band Las Pelotas. An EP (Maxi) was released in 2002 to promote Esperando el milagro - it features songs Desaparecido Si sentís and La creciente.
 Bratříčku zavírej vrátka (English: Close the Gate Little Brother) is the debut album by Karel Kryl issued in Czechoslovakia by the record company Panton in 1969. The album was recorded in Ostrava between 1967-1968. It was produced by Jiří Černý who also wrote the liner notes. The cover features a photography by Josef Koudelka.
 Intro is the debut album of pop singer Danny Fernandes. It was co-written and co-produced by rapper Belly. The album features the hit singles Curious (featuring Juelz Santana) Private Dancer (featuring Belly) Fantasy Never Again and Addicted. It was released on October 14 2008 in Canada.
 Alfie is a soundtrack album to the film of the same name released in 2004. It was produced and performed by Mick Jagger and David A. Stewart with contributions from Joss Stone Sheryl Crow and Nadirah Nadz Seid.The original 1966 film for which this was a remake also had a soundtrack album by Sonny Rollins.
 Poet in My Window is singer-songwriter Nanci Griffith's second album. Griffith has not turned the corner yet into a more country music direction as she would on her next two albums. A later release of the album included a bonus track Can't Love Wrong in the unusual position as the album's lead-off track preceding all of the original tracks. Griffith wrote all but one of the album's tunes.
 Rockin' My Life Away is a studio album released by George Thorogood. It was released in 1997 on Capitol Records. The album peaked at #5 on the Billboard Top Blues Album chart.
 Wide-Eyed and Simplified is the first intermediate album release (between major official releases) from Christian rock band Downhere. The album features 'live' studio recorded acoustic versions of 8 songs from Wide-Eyed and Mystified as well as 3 other popular songs from previous releases. Each song is introduced by spoken word which features the band members.
 Capsized! is the ninth studio album released by the Ohio rock band Circus Devils in October 2011. All songs on Capsized! were written and performed by Robert Pollard Todd Tobias and Tim Tobias. Capsized! is a song cycle with a nautical theme centered on an unnamed character and his friend Wallace who experience life aboard a haunted ship. The moods range from sunny optimism to melanchoilia claustrophobia and terror.
 Billy Super Duper is an album by T. Rex and the second LP of completely new material released after Marc Bolan's death in 1977. The album consists of studio outtakes and home demos recorded by the band between 1972 - 1977 with arrangements produced by John & Shan Bramley (the heads of the Marc Bolan Fanclub at the time) which intended to 'complete' the demos and bring them up to date with contemporary music.
 On the Way is the second Japanese studio album by Korean boy group The Boss released on March 13 2013 on the Japanese label Sony Music Entertainment.
 Jubilee Shout!!! is the seventh album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine recorded for the Blue Note label in 1962 but not released until 1986. The selection was originally included on the double LP Jubilee Shouts (1978 BN-LA883-J2) together with some tracks later appeared as Comin' Your Way. Said LP however omitted some tracks which may be found on the CD editions of both albums.
 Remix Romance Vol. 2 is a remix compilation album by Sally Shapiro. Like its predecessor Remix Romance Vol. 1 it collects previously existing and newly produced versions of tracks from Disco Romance. This collection includes remixes from Dntel The Russian Futurists Solvent and famed Italo disco producer Alexander Robotnick.
 Buvlja pijaca (trans. Flea Market) is the fourth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba released in 1982.The album is the second Riblja Čorba album produced by John McCoy.
 The Crebain / Leviathan split is a split album between two SFBM bands - Crebain and Leviathan. Originally limited to 666 copies. The album was rereleased on vinyl by Anti-Xtian Terror Records in 2006 (limited to 500 repressed again later in 2007). Tumult Records then repressed the original CD version in 2007 identical to the first version.Blood Angel is originally a song by the seminal Bay Area band VON.
 Love Behind the Melody is the second Studio album by American Singer Raheem DeVaughn released on January 15 2008 by Jive Records. The first single from this album was Woman. The album debuted at number five on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart selling about 45000 copies in its first week. Love Behind the Melody proved to be one of the most critically praised albums of 2008 as it received universal acclaim from several major music publications.
 Blue Note Revisited is a 2004 Blue Note Records remix-compilation released on that label.
 Jyothi is an album by American jazz alto saxophonist Charlie Mariano and The Karnataka College of Percussion featuring R. A. Ramamani recorded in 1983 and released on the ECM label.
 JAMCON '84 was the first volume in the Over the Edge series which distills portions of Negativland's radio program Over the Edge broadcast on KPFA. This album was edited together from at least three different broadcasts recorded between January and July 1985.The first program JAMCON '84 consists of Tracks 1 - 5 and is presented as a radio documentary regarding a convention of Jammers with commentary on jamming and the culture surrounding it.
 Genuine Diamond is the tenth studio album by the Japanese hard rock band Show-Ya. It was released on March 7 2012 and is the first studio album recorded with the original line-up since Hard Way of 1990 22 years ago.Fairy of their album Ways was re-recorded in this album.
 Cherry Flavor Night Time is the debut album of Amnesia released on March 11 1997 through Supreme Recordings. A limited edition bonus disc contained a remix of the entire album by Brad Laner under his moniker Electric Company.
 Hey O.K (Ukrainian: Гей любо) is an album by the band Vopli Vidopliassova. It was released by the Ukrainian-Canadian label Kobza in 1990.The album is not acknowledged on the band's official website.
 The Great American Bubble Factory is the twelfth album from Southern rock group Drivin N Cryin. Released in September 2009 on Vintage Earth records it is the band's first full studio album in twelve years.
 Nothing Comes Easy is a boxed set of four CDs by 1960s British girl singer Sandie Shaw released in 2004. It contained digitally remastered versions of every A-side and B-side of the singles she released in the UK from 1964 to 1988 plus several rare and unreleased recordings.
 Machine II Machine: Electric Club Mixes is an EP by German hard rock singer Doro Pesch containing remixes of some songs of her previous album Machine II Machine and the unpublished song Emotional Suicide. The remixes were done by Greg Smith and by members of the German industrial metal band Die Krupps. This is the last Doro work published by the Polygram/Vertigo label.
 Road to Bloodshed is the first studio album by American heavy metal band Sanctity released in the United States on April 24 2007 through Roadrunner Records.
 Caught in the Act is a live album by Styx released in 1984. It contains one new song Music Time which was released as a single reaching #40 on the Billboard Hot 100 charts.Caught in the Act is also the name of a VHS video recording that featured the band acting out the concept established in their Kilroy was Here album. A DVD version was released on December 11 2007.
 L'Imprudence (The Imprudence) is the eleventh studio album by French rocker Alain Bashung issued in October 2002 on Barclay Records.
 Panonija i ja (English: Pannonia and me) is an album of Zvonko Bogdan Bunjevac singer from Vojvodina Serbia. It was released in 2005 on the Vojvodina Sound record label. In Croatia it was released under Hit Records record label.
 Confesiones de Invierno (Winter Confessions) is the second album of Argentine folk rock group Sui Generis released on 1973.There are several versions of the origin of this Rasguña Las Piedras :One version says that Charly had a girlfriend who was dead (catatonic) and buried. Some time later the body was exhumed and when they opned the coffin the found that its lid was scratched showing that she was buried alive. This version was belied by Charly Garcia.
 Laughed Last is the debut CD of American singer-songwriter Lili Añel on the Palmetto Records label.
 Dark Invitation to Armageddon is the second album by thrash metal band The Scourger. It was released on January 30 2008 and later re-released as an international version with bonus tracks on March 14 2008 via Cyclone Records. The album's first single Never Bury the Hatchet landed on the national Finnish charts at #9 in July 2007.
 The State I'm In is the debut album from American recording artist Louie Louie released on April 4 1990 via WTG Records and Epic Records. It is his only album so far to have charted on the Billboard 200 peaking at #136. The lead single Sittin' in the Lap of Luxury is also his only hit so far on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at #19.
 Hometown Guitar is the title of a recording by Chet Atkins. It peaked at number 17 on the Billboard Country Albums chart.
 Raja is the third studio album by Finnish thrash metal band Stam1na. It was released on February 15 2008.
 It's So Hard to Tell Who's Going to Love You the Best is the debut album by American folk blues musician Karen Dalton originally released in 1969 by Capitol Records (see 1969 in music).The album was subsequently reissued on CD by the Koch label in 1997.
 Collection: The Shrapnel Years is a compilation album by guitarist Vinnie Moore released on March 14 2006 through Shrapnel Records.
 The Celestial Hawk is an album of contemporary classical music written by Keith Jarrett and performed by Jarrett with the Syracuse Symphony Orchestra conducted by Christopher Keene which was released on the ECM label in 1981.
 Pretty black dots is the first solo studio album by the British guitarist Gary Marx.
 MTV Unplugged is the debut live album and overall the second album by the Pakistani indie rock band Aunty Disco Project released in June 2009. It is exclusively a digital download live album and has not been released on a physical medium. The album included recordings from the band's live performances on MTV Pakistan.
 Hank Live is a live album by American country music artist Hank Williams Jr. It was released by Warner Bros. Records in January 1987. The album reached #1 on the Top Country Albums chart and has been certified Platinum by the RIAA.
 Signature is the twelfth album of R&B singer Patrice Rushen. This album notable for Rushen as it marks a return to her Jazz background. Songs like L'Esprit De Joie and Sweetest Taboo are among the most enjoyable in her recent return to her Jazz roots. For fans of her Jazz work the album was praised by both her previous jazz fans and R&B fans.[citation needed]
 First Time Out is the debut album by American composer/arranger/keyboardist Clare Fischer recorded and released in 1962 by Pacific Jazz Records.
 Live Radio City Music Hall 2003 is a live album by American R&B/soul singer Luther Vandross released in 2003 (see 2003 in music) and recorded live at Manhattan's Radio City Music Hall in early February 2003 two months before Vandross' hospitalization for a serious stroke. This concert would also be the last of Luther Vandross' career.
 Luck is a rare EP by New Zealand band Minuit before they signed to the Tardus Music label. Aires The Boy With The Aubergine Hair and Sleepwalk (Claire) (later called just Claire) were all included on their debut album The 88.
 Fear and Love is the debut LP by the San Diego rock band We Shot the Moon made up of Jonathan Jones of Waking Ashland and Dan Koch and Joe Greenetz both of Sherwood. It was released to iTunes on April 1 2008 and in stores on April 29 2008. The band hinted at a few key shows (particularly in Rexburg Idaho) in the mountain west that the album would leak to the internet on Friday January 18 2008.
 Lobotomizer is the debut album of the Norwegian band Motorpsycho released in 1991. The album has a raw sound and style (mostly heavy metal and grunge). However it has been called the band's weakest record. The album includes the live-performance crowd-favourite Hogwash. The title track and the song Eternity show a less aggressive side of the band's sound.
 This Is What You Want... This Is What You Get is a 1984 album by Public Image Ltd. It is the band's fourth official studio album and includes the single Bad Life and a re-recorded version of a This Is Not a Love Song which had been a No. 5 UK and international hit when released as a single in 1983.An early version of the album was released in 1983 by founding PiL guitarist Keith Levene as Commercial Zone.
 Invisible Empires is the seventh studio album and tenth album overall from Christian singer-songwriter Sara Groves and it released on October 18 2011 by Fair Trade and Columbia Records. The producers on the album were Steve Hindalong and Stephen Leiweke. This release became critically acclaimed and commercially successful.
 Fantasia Lindum was an album released by the band Amazing Blondel in 1971.
 Done Deal is the fourth and final album of Houston rapper Big Mello before his death in 2002.
 My Brother's Keeper is the fourth album from hip hop duo OuterSpace released on August 23 2011 by Enemy Soil. The Album features collaborations by Jedi Mind Tricks member Vinnie Paz Ill Bill Doap Nixon Apathy Blacastan Esoteric Sick Jacken King Syze and V-Zilla.
 The Great Kai & J. J. is an album by American jazz trombonists Kai Winding and J. J. Johnson featuring performances recorded in 1960 as the very first release for the Impulse! label (A-1 for the mono LP AS-1 for the stereo one).
 C'est la Vie is Martin Solveig's 2008 album. It includes the single C'est la Vie. The album features other songs ranging within varying genres of electronica such as house.The album has been reissued in 2009 with one more track Boys & Girls and a second CD with remixes.
 The Early Days is a DVD video by Iron Maiden released in 2004. It features the first part of The History of Iron Maiden series a 90 minute documentary which describes their beginnings in London's East End in 1975 through to the Piece of Mind album and tour in 1983. The second part of the series was included on disc 2 of the Live After Death DVD release in 2008.
 Ultra Dance 14 is a compilation DJ mix album featuring songs from the dance music genre as well as dance remixes of songs. It is the fourteenth album in the Ultra Dance series and was released by Ultra Records on February 12 2013.The album's cover artwork features Canadian model Danielle Knudson.
 The Klinik is a compilation of tracks taken from earlier vinyl releases.
 Way Out Yonder is an album by Andy Irvine recorded between July and December 1999 and released in January 2000. It was co-produced by Irvine and Steve Cooney.
 Peregrins is the sole album released by the alternative rock band also called Peregrins.
 Evildoers Beware! is the third album by Mustard Plug.
 The Engine Room Acoustic Session was an EP released by The King Blues in 2008. It was available exclusively at their album release show at the Carling Academy Islington in London on October 22nd 2008 fans were able to sign up online to receive a signed copy requesting a message of up to ten words be written by the band the CD was made available for collection at the gig. All four tracks are performed acoustic tracks 2 and 4 are taken from their second album Save The World.
 Thyrfing is the eponymous and first album by the Swedish viking metal band Thyrfing released in 1998.
 Glide is the tenth solo album by American dobro player Jerry Douglas released in 2008 (see 2008 in music).Guest musicians include Rodney Crowell Sam Bush Tony Rice Travis Tritt and Earl Scruggs.
 The Brothers Martin is the self-titled debut of The Brothers Martin a band consistent of brothers Ronnie and Jason Martin founders of Joy Electric and Starflyer 59 respectively.
 Kepler (Chinese: 克卜勒) is the twelfth studio album by the Singaporean Mandopop female singer Stefanie Sun. It was released on Feb 27 2014 by Universal Music Taiwan three years after her last album It's Time.
 Dwele (album) is a mixtape album by R&B singer Dwele released on February 24 2009.
 Red Earth is a 2007 studio album by Dee Dee Bridgewater. It carries the subtitle A Malian Journey to celebrate and explore her African and Malian ancestry. Nominated for Best Jazz Vocal Album at the 2008 Grammy Awards it reached Number 16 on Billboard's Top Jazz Album chart.
 Sound Museum: Three Women is an album by the American jazz composer and saxophonist Ornette Coleman recorded in 1996 and released on the Harmolodic/Verve label.
 Nightwing is the fifth studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was recorded and mixed at The Abyss between October and November 1997 and released in April 1998 by Osmose Productions.
 Released in 1997 Bread and Jam for Frances is the second album by Switchblade Symphony. It was recorded at Brilliant Studios in San Francisco and Private Island Trax in Hollywood and mastered at Private Island Trax. The original CD artwork erroneously listed 15 tracks with Harpsichord at track 7 though that song was not on the CD and later pressings corrected the error.
 Outbound is the eighth album by Béla Fleck and the Flecktones released in 2000. It is the band's first album on the Sony/Columbia label. The album won Best Contemporary Jazz Album at the 43rd Annual Grammy Awards.Special guests include Jon Anderson Adrian Belew Sandip Burman Shawn Colvin and Edgar Meyer.
 Welcome To Trini Country is a country music album by guitarist and singer Trini Lopez released in 1968 by Reprise Records (RS 6300).
 Von Gestern bis Heute (From Yesterday until Today) is the first major compilation album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. It contains songs from the group's albums up until 1978's Kinder des Sommers and one new song entitled Manuela.
 Strange News from the Angels is the third and final album by New Zealand band The 3Ds. It was recorded in November 1995 in the relocated Fish St Studios (in Burlington St) on an old 3M 24 track. The album was released by Flying Nun Records in January 1997.
 Café Tacuba was the self-titled debut album by Café Tacuba released in 1992. Rubén Albarrán the band's lead singer was credited as Juan Él que hace como que Canta (John The one who pretends to sing) in the liner notes.
 Los Número Uno: Éxitos 1968-2003 (The Number Ones 1968-2003) (2003) is the twentieth album and second compilation album by Mexican Rock Blues band El Tri. Going back to the end of the Sixties when the band was only a trio known as Three Souls in my Mind the compilation take a couple of songs 30 years old as well as hits up to the latest albums.
 Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah is the Bikini Kill side of a split album between American and English riot grrrl bands Bikini Kill and Huggy Bear. It was released in 1993 on Kill Rock Stars.The song Rebel Girl was first performed by Bikini Kill on December 27 1991 at St. Stephen's in Washington DC and dedicated to Juliana Luecking (aka QueenJuliana) whose friendship with Kathleen Hanna inspired the lyrics. The song is in the game Rock Band 2.
 Five-Two Television is the sixth studio album by KJ-52. Released September 22 2009 on BEC Recordings. The first single End of My Rope was made available on iTunes on July 28 2009.[citation needed] KJ-52 has released a few mixtapes already — some mash-ups and some unreleased material — and planned to release more until the release of Five-Two Television. Along with the purchase of Five-Two Television there was a free download of a mixtape collaboration between KJ-52 and Goldinchild.
 Best of Leæther Strip is a best-of compilation by Leæther Strip.
 Coming Down is the first solo album from former Bauhaus Tones on Tail and Love and Rockets guitar player Daniel Ash. First single This Love was a #2 hit on the Modern Rock Tracks chart in the U.S. where his former bandmates Peter Murphy and David J had already scored Top 10 hits. Natasha Atlas sings and plays instruments on most tracks.
 Bobbysocks! was the first album from Norwegian pop duo Bobbysocks!. The album was released in 1984 and in a new version in 1985. The re-release became popular in many parts of the world and by early 1986 the album had sold around 75000 copies in Norway. In 2012 the album reached viral popularity when popular YouTube user Nigahiga featured the track Don't Bring Lulu in one of his videos. Album sales are estimated to have been at least 12000 in the following month alone.
 English Boy Wonders is the second studio album by the English progressive rock band Big Big Train. It was released in 1997 by Giant Electric Pea.
 Make a Move is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Gavin DeGraw. It was released on October 15 2013 in the United States by RCA RecordsFor the album DeGraw worked with several producers including busbee Martin Johnson Ryan Tedder Butch Walker Benny Blanco and Kevin Rudolf.
 Zero Order Phase is the debut solo album by former Nevermore guitarist Jeff Loomis. It was released on September 30 2008 through Century Media Records. The album was produced by Neil Kernon and features guest appearances by guitarists Ron Jarzombek Pat O'Brien and the jazz bassist Michael Manring. An instrumental album Zero Order Phase was recorded in March 2008 at Robert Lang Studios in Seattle Washington.
 The InSoc EP (also called The Information Society) is an EP by the synthpop band Information Society. It was their first record.
 Nova Era da Stronda is the first studio album of the carioca group Bonde da Stronda released on August 9 2009 by the label Galerão Records. Already containing some of the old hits of the duo as Nossa Quimica XXT among others. On April 11 2010 they released the video clip for the song Playsson Raiz. Later in September 18 2010 they released a video clip for the song Mansão Thug Stronda and currently spends more than 35 million hits on YouTube.
 Ride 'Til I Die is a blues-rock album by George Thorogood & The Destroyers. It was released in 2003.
 The Chase is the fourth studio album of American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released on September 22 1992 on Liberty Records and sold 403000 copies in its first week[citation needed] The Chase debuted at #1 on the Billboard 200 chart and Top Country Albums chart. and has been certified 9 x Platinum by the RIAA.
 Full Force Get Busy 1 Time! is the second album by the Brooklyn New York-based R&B group Full Force. Released in 1986 the album includes one of Full Force's biggest hits with Temporary Love Thing which nearly made the R&B top 10 as well as the minor follow-up hits Unfaithful and Old Flames Never Die.
 The Drums is the eponymous debut studio album by American indie pop band The Drums. It was released June 7 2010 on Moshi Moshi and Island Records. The album contains the singles Let's Go Surfing Best Friend Me and the Moon and Forever and Ever Amen as well as Down By The Water which had previously been released as part of the band's Summertime! EP.
 Trials & Errors is a live album released by the Magnolia Electric Co. on Secretly Canadian in 2005 recorded on April 16 2003 at Club Ancienne Belgique in Brussels.It was the first Magnolia Electric Co. album released under that name even though at the time of recording the band still toured under the Songs: Ohia moniker.
 Live at the First Baptist Church is a live album by Canadian singer-songwriter Jim Bryson released in 2008 on Kelp Records. Most of the album was recorded at Ottawa Ontario's First Baptist Church; however the album also includes two songs which were recorded for CBC Radio at the Black Sheep Inn in Wakefield Quebec on December 9 2006.
 Wake-Up Call is the fifteenth release of the Christian rock band Petra. It was released on November 9 1993. The album was one of the most successful for the band garnering them both a Grammy Award and a Dove Award.The album marks a dramatic shift in tone for the band. The sound is more raw there are fewer driving rock songs and it concludes with three consecutive ballads.
 The Pink Panther is a 1964 album by Henry Mancini the soundtrack album to the film of the same name. The cover art uses the image of the cartoon Pink Panther character and incorporates Mod visual elements such as the star above the I in the title; this sets the tone for the music on the album.
 Dive into Disney is a Japanese album containing rock/ska renditions of various Disney songs such as Mickey Mouse Club March Hakuna Matata and It's a Small World performed by various artists. All of the songs are recorded in English.
 Live From the Pharmacy is the fifth album by the Huntington Beach California punk rock band Guttermouth released in 1998 by Nitro Records. It was the band's first live album and consists of a live concert performance from 1994 and 4 new tracks recorded in 1998.The live portion of the album was recorded when the band was kicked off of a tour in South Carolina due to their outrageous behavior so they booked some shows at a local club and recorded them.
 This is a list of Pokémon theme songs that includes the media and release information which is mainly about the American and Japanese opening and ending themes of the Pokémon animated series.
 Live at the Burton Cummings Theatre is a live album and concert DVD by Canadian indie rock band The Weakerthans. The album was recorded during April 2009 at the Burton Cummings Theatre in the band's home town of Winnipeg as they toured in support of their album Reunion Tour. It was released March 23 2010 on ANTI-.
 Rough Night in Jericho is the second album by Athens Georgia rock band Dreams So Real. Their first album for Arista Records it was released in 1988. It reached #150 on the Billboard album charts and the title track reached #28 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.The album and its title track share a name with the Dean Martin Western movie Rough Night in Jericho. There appears to be no other connection to the movie.
 55578 (1995) is a compilation of earlier Wolfsheim works and new material. It was released in February 1995 and remained on the German Media Control Charts for five weeks. The album's name is the postal code for Wolfsheim Germany.
 Black Whip is the eighth album by guitarist Boogaloo Joe Jones which was recorded in 1973 and released on the Prestige label.
 Prairie Serenade is a studio recording by the Western band Riders in the Sky released in 1982. It is available as a single CD.
 $ is the second solo studio album by Canadian garage rock/doo-wop musician Mark Sultan. The album was recorded in 2009 and released on April 13 2010.
 Beast is the second album by Vamps released on July 28 2010. The limited edition includes a DVD with the music videos for the songs: Devil Side Angel Trip Revolution and My First Last. The album reached number 3 on the Oricon chart.
 Your Squaw Is on the Warpath is a 1969 studio album by American country singer-songwriter Loretta Lynn.This was Lynn's first album of 1969. Two singles were released from this album in 1968. The lead single You've Just Stepped In (From Stepping Out on Me) was a Top 5 Country hit. The second single was the title track and was also a Top 5 Country hit.
 Behind the Sun is Chicane's second album released in August 2000 under Alex Gold's Xtravaganza Recordings in the UK.
 One Time Out is the fifth album by Paul Motian on the Italian Soul Note label. It was released in 1989 and features performances by Motian with Bill Frisell and Joe Lovano.
 Smooth Sailing is an album by saxophonist Arnett Cobb recorded in 1959 for the Prestige label and released in 1960.
 False is the second studio album by the death metal band Gorefest. It was released in 1992 on Nuclear Blast Records.
 Voices is a 1995 album by Greek electronic composer and artist Vangelis.Its music was used in the soundtrack for the 1998 documentary Deep Seas Deep Secrets co-produced by The Learning Channel and Discovery Channel together with music from Vangelis next album Oceanic.The track Ask the Mountains was also used as the music for the TV commercial for the Hotpoint/Ariston Aqualtis washing machine.
 Single Collection is the first Greatest Hits-esque release by Hitomi Yaida giving a selection of her singles released up to the time of issue. It was also issued as part of the Single collection/Yaiko's selection Box Set. Released in 2004 it peaked at No. 3 on the Japanese albums chart.
 Feels So Good is the fifth album by jazz saxophonist Grover Washington Jr.. recorded and released in 1975. The album topped both the soul and jazz albums charts and peaked at number ten on the pop album charts in the U.S.
 Le Fol is (Enslaved guitarist Arve Isdal's side project) Audrey Horne's second album; the follow-up to their album No Hay Banda which was released two years previously. It was released on August 27th 2007 on Indie Recordings.
 Witness To Connection is the second studio album made by The Morakestra and was released under the Indie label Stratking Records. The album was promoted in mainstream media and has given The Morakestra attention from critics and mainstream media. The album was recorded at different locations in Texas and draws influence from different genres and styles of music. The album contains genres that range from alt-country traces to psychedelic guitar composition.
 A Portrait of Patsy Cline is a 1964 compilation containing lesser-known recordings by American country music singer Patsy Cline. It was released on June 15 1964 on Decca Records and would later be reissued twice by Decca's successor MCA Records.
 Breaking The Ice is the title for the 1984 album by El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico. The album was nominated for the 1985 Grammy Award for Best Tropical Latin Performance (the award is currently referred to as Best Tropical Latin Album).
 Instant Karma: The Amnesty International Campaign to Save Darfur is a compilation album of various artists covering songs of John Lennon to benefit Amnesty International's campaign to alleviate the crisis in Darfur. The album and campaign is part of Amnesty International's global Make Some Noise project.
 Halcali Mix (ハルカリミックス) is the first remix album by Halcali. The title is a play on the words Halcali and Mix in order to also make the word Remix because of the katakana lack of differentiation between roman L and R characters. Therefore the title is sometimes referred to as Halcali Remix or Halcalimix.
 Best of Accept is a compilation album by German heavy metal band Accept released in 1983. The songs on the album were pulled from Accept's earliest four solo albums namely Accept I'm a Rebel Breaker and Restless and Wild which was released during the following year.
 Ticket to Mayhem is the second studio album from New Jersey thrash metal band Whiplash. It was released on Roadrunner Records in 1987 and follows 1985's Power and Pain. In 1990 the band released a follow-up album Insult to Injury.The opening and closing tracks both called Perpetual Warfare are simply sound effects of guns explosions and fighter planes.In 1998 Displeased Records rereleased Ticket to Mayhem which included their debut album Power and Pain.
 No More Dirty Deals is Johnny Van Zant's début solo album.
 Fallout from the Phil Zone is a double compilation album of live recordings by the Grateful Dead handpicked by the band's bassist Phil Lesh. It contains the first Grateful Dead CD releases of In the Midnight Hour (clocking in at over 30 minutes) and Bob Dylan's Visions of Johanna. The album is named for the so-called Phil Zone an area directly in front of the bass amps onstage. A small group of fans would stand there every concert feeling the vibrations of Lesh's bass.
 Egypt is a Grammy Award-winning album by the Senegalese musician Youssou N'Dour on which he is accompanied by the Egyptian Fathy Salama Orchestra. In the original Senegalese release it was named Sant Allah (Thanks to God).On the record Youssou combines both West African and North African musical influences.
 Hope Street is the eighth studio album recorded by Stiff Little Fingers released in 1999. The album was released as a 2-disc set however each set was different in the UK and U.S. with different track listing order on the Hope Street album and a greatest hits cd for the UK release and live greatest hits for the U.S. release.
 Dix infernal is the first album by Moi dix Mois and was released on March 19 2003. Tentation and Pessimiste were re-recorded on the Dixanadu album.
 Dark Space II is the second album by the Swiss band Darkspace. It was first released by Haunter of the Dark in 2005 in a limited edition of 500 hand numbered copies. In 2006 it was re-released by Avantgarde Music with no official limit set on the number of copies pressed.
 Land Speed Record is the first full-length record by Hüsker Dü released in January 1982. It was recorded live on August 15 1981 at the 7th Street Entry a venue in Minneapolis Minnesota. The album is a fast and furious hardcore workout that bears almost no resemblance to the melodic post-punk that the band became known for in the mid '80s.
 In November Sunlight is the debut album by the instrumental band Soko released on December 17 1996. This is the only album featuring John Gilmore as a member of the band who left the band after the album turning Soko into a duet although did perform as a guest on the following album. Seven of the nine tracks on the album feature guest musicians and three of the four guests are associated with the Dave Matthews Band—Dave Matthews LeRoi Moore and Tim Reynolds.
 The Girlie Show: Live Down Under is a video album by American singer-songwriter Madonna. It was released by Warner Music Vision Warner Reprise Video and Maverick Records on April 25 1994 and included a date filmed at Sydney Cricket Ground on November 19 1993 from The Girlie Show World Tour. The video was originally broadcast as a TV special on HBO in 1993 under the title Madonna Live Down Under: The Girlie Show.
 Wave of Heat is the eleventh studio album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin released only on iTunes in 2010.
 Ella in London is a 1974 live album by Ella Fitzgerald accompanied by a quartet led by the pianist Tommy Flanagan.It is significant as Fitzgerald's only live album recorded in England although a decade earlier she had recorded four songs for her 1964 album Hello Dolly! in London. This live date was recorded at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in Soho.
 Lemmings (レミングス Remingusu) is Jinn's first major album. It was released on February 28 2007.
 When Empires Burn is the fourth solo studio album by Bob Catley released by Frontiers Records in 2003.
 Adventures in Utopia is an album released in 1979 by Todd Rundgren's band Utopia.Mixing rock pop disco and progressive rock music styles Adventures In Utopia achieved predicted success with the band's established fan base and some wider commercial success with the track Set Me Free released as a single with Umbrella Man as its B-side.The by then established team of Todd Rundgren Kasim Sulton Roger Powell and John Willie Wilcox wrote performed and produced the album.
 Entre a Fé e a Razão is the four studio album by Trazendo a Arca and the first released by Graça Music. This album had 40 000 copies sold.
 Cloud 7 is a 1955 album by Tony Bennett.This was Tony Bennett's first studio album and was issued in both 10 and 12 formats in the USA as Columbia CL621 and in the UK as Philips BBR8089 - which excluded the track My Reverie. The material featured the Great American Songbook and presented Tony in a new way different from his hit parade orientated material of the early fifties using a combo of jazz musicians.
 Macalla is a 1985 musical album by Irish folk group Clannad. It is their ninth album and became prominent with a collaboration between Clannad's singer Moya Brennan and U2 vocalist Bono on the duet In a Lifetime. Furthermore it featured some internationally renowned artists such as art rock saxophone player Mel Collins an ex-King Crimson member and famous for his solo on The Rolling Stones' Miss You and Anton Corbijn's photography.The album's title is Irish for echo.
 Oh You're So Silent Jens is a compilation album released by Swedish singer-songwriter Jens Lekman in 2005. It is composed of previously released tracks taken from Maple Leaves (2003) Rocky Dennis in Heaven (2004) and Julie (2004) as well as F-word (2003) from the En Garde Fanzine and The Wrong Hands (2004) from the Accelerator Compilation.The album cover was designed by the Swedish musician Rasmus Hägg one half of the balearic duo Studio.
 Folk Singer is the fourth studio album by Muddy Waters released April 1964 on Chess Records. The album features Waters on acoustic guitar backed by Willie Dixon on string bass Clifton James on drums and Buddy Guy on acoustic guitar. The record is Waters' only all-acoustic album.
 The Brink is the second studio album by Australian indie rock band The Jezabels. The album was recorded in London with producer Dan Grech-Marguerat. Lead single The End was released on 18 October 2013 with its music video uploaded on the group's official YouTube channel on 14 November. The track reached #81 on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart. The album debuted at #2 on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart.
 See full list in Category:Pearl Jam Official Bootlegs.The Pearl Jam Official Bootlegs are a large continually growing series of live albums by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam. Pearl Jam noted the desire of fans to own a copy of the shows they attended and the popularity of bootleg recordings.
 Anti-Anti is Snowden's first LP. Some tracks on this album are also on The Snowden EP.
 Raw the seventh proper album (not counting compilations or live albums) from Crack the Sky really is more of a John Palumbo solo album under the Crack the Sky banner. Other than Jamie LaRitz playing lead guitar all of the musical parts were played by Palumbo. However Raw is more Rock than Palumbo's solo efforts. The next Crack the Sky album 1989's From the Greenhouse saw the return of a number of veteran CTS members most importantly guitarist Rick Witkowski.
 UK Jive is the twenty-second studio album by the English rock group The Kinks released in 1989. It was the first album in almost three years since the 1986 album Think Visual. At this point it was the longest gap between album releases since the inception of the group. It is a concept album about modern day society and was one of The Kinks' most poorly received albums.
 George Jones and Gene Pitney (Recorded in Nashville!) is an album by American country music artist George Jones and rock and roll artist Gene Pitney. This album was released in 1965 on the Musicor Records label. This was Jones' and Piteny's second and final album together.
 This Night is the fifth studio album by Destroyer released in 2002. It was their first album after signing to the indie label Merge Records.
 Legitimate Beef is the second album by Spongehead released in 1990 through Community 3 Records.
 Surrender to the Blender is the third album of London ska punk band King Prawn. It was released in 2000.
 In the Fishtank 14 is a collaborative EP from Isis and Aereogramme. It is the fourteenth installment of the collaboration project by Konkurrent and was released in September 2006. Rock Sound ranked it as the 39th best album of 2006 in its yearly rundown.According to Isis frontman Aaron Turner Aereogramme is a band we’ve known for some time and have an affinity for their music and we got along with them so when we were invited to do the session with them it was a no-brainer.
 Pop Trash is Duran Duran's tenth album released in 2000. The album marked their first release not under Capitol Records/EMI with whom they had been signed since 1981. It was also the last to feature the trio of Simon Le Bon Nick Rhodes and Warren Cuccurullo. The CD album went out of print in 2001. It was the only album the band released under their new agreement with Hollywood Records.
 The Widow in the Window is an album by trumpeter Kenny Wheeler recorded in 1990 and released on the ECM label. Ana the longest piece on the album was originally written for Alexander von Schlippenbach's Berlin Contemporary Jazz Orchestra which would eventually be recorded in 1989. Ma Belle Hélène is a calembour which refers to Wheeler's two sisters Mabel and Helen.
 Los Vaqueros: Wild Wild Mixes is a remix album by Wisin & Yandel accompanied by the WY Records staff released on July 24 2007.
 Live 04 is a live album released by German electronica group Mouse on Mars. It was released in 2005 on the Sonig recording label and distributed through Thrill Jockey Records.
 WOW Gospel 2004 is a gospel music compilation album from the WOW series. Released January 27 2004 it includes thirty songs on a double CD album. It reached number 27 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2004 and hit number one on the Top Gospel Albums chart that year and also in 2006; it made number 19 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart in 2004.
 Zuma is the seventh studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young his second with Crazy Horse released in 1975. Some believe the album was named after Zuma Beach in Malibu[citation needed]; however it seems more logical that the title comes from Montezuma as he is featured prominently in the song Cortez The Killer and suggested also by the album art.Conversely the cover art features what appears to be a Seagull perched on the back of a naked female swimmer.
 Failures for Gods is the third album by American death metal band Immolation. It was released on Metal Blade Records in 1999.
 Firm and Fruity is the first extended play by Australian band Mr Floppy. It was released in 1990 and contains 6 tracks despite 8 tracks being listed on the cover.The track Noonan went on to be a fan favourite.
 Captain Swing is a mixed genre album by American folk singer-songwriter Michelle Shocked. It was first released by Mercury Records in 1989 and later reissued by Shocked's own label Mighty Sound in 2004. It was named after Captain Swing the pseudonymous rebel leader who penned threatening letters during the rural English Swing Riots of 1830. The album was a cross-country inventory of swing musical styles -- from Dixieland to Western Big Band to BeBop.
 The soundtrack to Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is a score release of the film's music first released on CD & LP in 1984 and reissued on CD in 2008.Numerous cues from the film were missing from the soundtrack's initial LP issue due to the inherent length limitations of a single LP (approximately forty minutes). After the release of an extended Raiders of the Lost Ark soundtrack album in 1995 there was some hope of a more complete release of the Temple of Doom score.
 The Mystery of the Yeti Part 2 is a downtempo psychedelic trance concept album.
 The Legend of Jesse James is a 1980 country music concept album by various artists singing songs by English songwriter Paul Kennerley based on the story of American Old West outlaw Jesse James.The album features Levon Helm singing the role of Jesse James Johnny Cash as Frank James Charlie Daniels as Cole Younger and Emmylou Harris as Jesse James' wife Zerelda James.
 Human Error: Ways to Selfdestruction is the first full length album by the blackened death metal band Crionics. It was released under Candlelight Records and recorded at Hertz Studio.
 Desi Rockstar Gippy Grewal has sung 10 Songs. Aman Hayer has produced the entire album.
 Moving Vehicles is the self-title debut album of the British art rock group Moving Vehicles released on the 15 May 1976. The album was produced by all four members: Drew Barfield Gary Howard Stuart Watt and Chris Bolton who also wrote all the songs on the album. The album has four of the group's hit singles on it which are Living in the Shadows The Wild Ways of the World Watching as the World Goes Up in Flames and Call of the Wild. The album charted at No.
 4 Compositions for Sextet is an album by English free-jazz drummer Tony Oxley which was recorded in 1970 and released on CBS. The album the second of a trilogy that Oxley recorded for major labels features the same band with whom he recorded the previous The Baptised Traveller expanded to a sextet with the addition of trombonist Paul Rutherford.
 Great Big DVD and CD is a live recording by Canadian folk group Great Big Sea released on Zoë Records in 2004. The package contains two discs one in CD format and one in NTSC DVD format with no region coding. Both CD and DVD contain the same tracks recorded live in Ottawa Canada. The DVD comes with an interactive menu and special features including various video clips karaoke clips home videos a documentary and a text file about the band.
 Four One Five Two is the debut album of Chicago Illinois's Sundowner the acoustic side-project from Chris McCaughan of The Lawrence Arms. The album was released on March 13 2007 after many months of playing coffee shops and touring alongside The Lawrence ArmsThe album consists of twelve songs ten of which were previously unreleased in any form two of which (My Boatless Booze Cruise One Hundred Resolutions) are remakes of Lawrence Arms songs.
 Themes from S'Express - the Best Of is a compilation album by English dance music act S'Express. Released in 2004 in consists of UK and US album tracks and b-sides. The eight page booklet contains an essay entitled 'Train of Thought' by Brendon Griffin. As with Ultimate S'Express a number of careless errors have again made regarding the song titles (see below). Also the essay wrongly states that the album Intercourse was released in 1989 (it was actually 1991).
 Flyin' the Koop is the second solo album by New Orleans drummer Stanton Moore. The album includes funk rock and jazz. Moore's line-up for Flyin' the Koop is in part a combination of musicians with whom he played at a SuperJam at Tipitina's during Jazz Fest 2000.Moore's concept for the album was to have two saxes bass and drums and to improvise over loops... building the tracks upon rhythm. Melodies then developed through improvisation and composition by the saxophonists.
 Rain Dogs is the eighth album by American singer-songwriter Tom Waits released in September 1985 on Island Records.
 Stop the Dominoes is an album by Mark Heard released in 1981 on Home Sweet Home Records.
 Second Winter is the third studio album by Texas blues guitarist Johnny Winter released in 1969. The original plan was to edit the songs from the recording session into one album but it was later thought that all the recordings were good enough to be released. The album was released as a three-sided LP with a blank fourth side on the original vinyl. Two more songs Tell the Truth and Early in the Morning were left unfinished but released on a 2004 re-release of the album.
 I Was Made to Love Her is the seventh studio album by Stevie Wonder released on August 28th 1967 under Tamla Records a Motown subsidiary.
 She Like Electric is the debut album recorded by Seattle sister duo Smoosh. They were twelve and ten years old at the time they recorded it. The Japanese release of this album features a fifteenth track called Inner to the Outer.
 Love Songs is a 1995 music album containing a compilation of Dan Fogelberg recordings released by Epic Records. It contains 10 previously released tracks:
 Beyond Virtue Beyond Vice is the second full-length album by the American rock band Vaux. The albums was supposed to be the band's major label debut and was due for release on November 8th 2005. However Vaux severed ties with Atlantic. The band then released the album themselves which was available to purchase on their last headlining tour and is available on their webstore in limited quantities.
 Port Rhombus EP is a 1996 EP by Squarepusher. It was the first Squarepusher release on Warp Records. There is also a promo version with identical tracks but dated 1994. Also compiled in the US version of Big Loada on Nothing Records.
 Free Sentridoh: Songs from Loobiecore is an album by Sentridoh the solo home recording project of American rock musician Lou Barlow of Sebadoh and Folk Implosion. It was released in 2001.
 CrazyNDaLazDayz is the debut album by Tear Da Club Up Thugs released on February 2 1999. It features the singles Slob On My Knob Push 'Em Off and Hypnotize Cash Money. It was certified gold by the RIAA on January 13 2004.
 Nóttin Langa was an album released in 1989 by Icelandic working class singing legend Bubbi Morthens. This pop album went to the market from Geisli.Formed by 12 songs Nóttin Langa counted with the participation of guitarist Guðlaugur Kristinn Óttarsson.
 Pirate Radio Plus is a Mars Ill album released in 2005. It is an all instrumental version of the album Pirate Radio and includes three songs not on the regular album.
 Resuscitation is an album released by Detroit Michigan electronic music duo ADULT. in 2001. Before this release ADULT.'s output had consisted of various EPs and 12 inch singles released independently; this is actually a compilation album of many of their earlier singles. A bulk of the songs are presented on Resuscitation in remixed or re-recorded forms.ADULT.'s members Adam Lee Miller (music) and Nicola Kuperus (vocals and music) distributed the album on their own label Ersatz Audio.
 Tramps Like Us is the 2004 album by Kacy Crowley. It was released independently. Like her previous album Moodswing it is popular in Crowley's hometown of Austin Texas.
 Homo homini lupus is the second album by Italian progressive rock band Locanda delle Fate. It was recorded more than 20 years after the first album of the band taking advantage of the progressive-rock revivalist trend that emerged in Italy in the 1990s.
 Buzz is the third and final album by Alter Natives released in August 1989 through SST Records.
 Machiavelli and the Four Seasons is a 1995 album by the Australian rock group TISM (This Is Serious Mum). It is TISM's most famous release and the one with which they received the most critical success and fame. The album was certified Gold by the ARIA Awards and won the ARIA Award for Best Independent Release. The award was accepted in person by Les Murray the subject of the song What Nationality is Les Murray?' who read a seemingly insulting acceptance speech in his native Hungarian.
 The World Is Darker EP is the first EP by Neverending White Lights. It was released as an iTunes Exclusive and features three tracks: the radio edit of The World Is Darker the second single from Act 2: The Blood and the Life Eternal; an extended techno-dance remix of Always the first single from Act II: The Blood and the Life Eternal; and a cover of the Nelly Furtado song Maneater.
 The Best of Buffy Sainte-Marie is a compilation album taken from her first six albums with Vanguard Records released in 1970.
 Brother Sister is the third full-length album by indie rock band mewithoutYou released on September 26 2006 through Tooth & Nail Records. It features guest vocal and instrumental appearances by several artists including Jeremy Enigk (of Sunny Day Real Estate) harpist Timbre and members of Anathallo and the Psalters. From August 9 2007 Burnt Toast Vinyl were taking pre-orders for a LP-format version of the album.
 Music Box is a four CD set by the Monkees. It replaced the previous Monkees box set entitled Listen to the Band. In addition to music recorded in the 1960s it also includes music from the Monkees reunions in 1986 and 1996 as well as previously unreleased versions.
 The Collection' is a compilation album by Ocean Colour Scene on the Spectrum label owned by Universal Records.
 Anesthesia is Fun People's debut album released on Ugly Records.
 Un Monde Parfait was the debut album from the French singer Ilona (Mitrecey) and was released on August 10 2005 by Sony BMG. It was basically the mini-album Ilona released in August 2005 except it had an additional 7 tracks (because of this the Germany-only release Ilona is not counted as a separate album here).Part of the album was released in Germany on August 19 2005 and in Switzerland however it only had 6 of the tracks and was entitled Ilona.
 What You See Is What You Get is an album by the band Pitchshifter. Tracks 3–6 were recorded live at Le Plan Ris Orangis France in May 1998.
 The Max Roach 4 Plays Charlie Parker is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach featuring tracks associated with Charlie Parker recorded in late 1957 and 1958 and released on the EmArcy label.
 Unfortunately We're Not Robots is the debut release by the mathcore band Curl Up and Die.
 Killer Klowns From Outer Space is an EP released by The Dickies in 1988.
 Empire of Dark Salvation is the second studio album from industrial metal band Gothminister.
 The Adventures of Kid Catastrophe is the third album by indie-rock band Illinois released in 2009.
 Soul Dressing was the second album by soul band Booker T. & the M.G.'s released in March 1965.
 Hate Crew Deathroll is the fourth album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Children of Bodom released in 2003 under the Century Media label. The album is the final one to feature guitarist Alexander Kuoppala. It was successful both in Europe and the USA which is demonstrated by the appearance of the Needled 24/7 music video on MTV2's Headbangers Ball. Needled 24/7 also featured on the heavy metal documentary Metal: A Headbanger's Journey.
 Colossus is an album by Scorn originally released in 1993 on Earache Records.
 Gentle on My Mind is a compilation album of singles and album tracks by Glen Campbell released on Capitol records between 1963 and 1971. This album should not be confused with the 1967 Capitol studio album Gentle on My Mind.
 Fun With Knives (1999) is an electro-industrial album by Velvet Acid Christ. Several of the songs feature samples from contemporaneous films; notably Fun With Drugs features audio from Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas Decypher samples from Starship Troopers Fun With Knives and The Dark Inside Me contains samples from Event Horizon. Speedball O.D. features samples from Enter The Dragon. Velvet Acid Christ's website calls Fun With Knives their best selling album.
 From Here to Infinity (rendered on the cover and label art as From Here → Infinity) is the first solo album by Sonic Youth guitarist/songwriter Lee Ranaldo. The album consists of several compositions performed by Ranaldo with guitar amplifier feedback and guitar stompbox effects recorded onto extended tape loops.
 The Most of Herman's Hermits is the name of a greatest hits album released in the U.K. by EMI Records' budget label Music For Pleasure for Herman's Hermits in 1971. The title refers to the producer Mickie Most and was first used for The Most of The Animals in 1966 (a new version of that album was also released on MFP in 1971). This album became the band's highest charting UK album reaching #14.
 Fly Away is the debut album of Christian rapper Paul Wright. It was released in 2003 by Gotee Records. Notable songs include Your Love Never Changes the first single from the album and West Coast Kid which features Christian artist tobyMac. The musical style is original and has been described as acoustic hip hop.
 Keni Burke is the debut solo album by former Five Stairsteps member Keni Burke. Released in 1977 on George Harrison's Dark Horse Records label. Shuffle and Day were released as singles in the US with From Me to You and Keep On Singing as B-sides respectively.
 Life Happened is the second studio album by American country music artist Tammy Cochran. It was released in 2002 by Epic Records and peaked at #11 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. The album includes the singles Life Happened Love Won't Let Me and What Kind of Woman Would I Be.
 The soundtrack to the 1999 Miloš Forman film Man on the Moon was released on November 22 1999 in the UK and November 23 1999 in the US. It was issued on Warner Bros. Records in conjunction with Jersey Records a part of Danny DeVito's Jersey Group. Incidentally in some countries the film was released by Warner Bros. Pictures (the parent of WBR).
 A Sorcery Written in Blood was the first demo released by Norwegian black metal band Gorgoroth. The title of the demo was taken from the lyrics of the song The Return of Darkness and Evil by the band Bathory. The demo was released in 1993 as a limited edition hand-numbered cassette. A 7 vinyl bootleg also exists; however there are no official re-issues.
 Change! is the second full-length album by the Black Swans. It is a follow-up to 2004's Who Will Walk in the Darkness with You? and their 2006 EP Sex Brain. Harp Magazine described the album as a tip of the hat to Charles Simic the Left Banke and Fred Neil.
 Lo Mejor de Mí is a Latin Pop album by Cristian Castro credited for this recording simply as Cristian.This album received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Latin Pop Album at the Grammy Awards of 1998 losing to Romances by Luis Miguel. The title track was included in the 1998 compilation recording Billboard Latin Music Awards Superstar Hits and reached #1 on Hot Latin Tracks of 1997. The album also was nominated for Pop Recording of the Year at the 10th Lo Nuestro Awards.
 Aura is a concept album by Miles Davis produced by Danish composer/trumpeter Palle Mikkelborg released in 1989. All compositions and arrangements are by Mikkelborg who created the suite in tribute when Davis received the Léonie Sonning Music Prize in December 1984 the year Decoy was released.
 Songs for Silverman is an album by Ben Folds first released on April 26 2005 by Epic Records in the United States. The album reached #13 on the Billboard 200 making it Folds' highest-charting album until the release of Way to Normal in September 2008.The album is named after Ben Goldman Folds' former A&R representative at Sony BMG. Folds explained I was always sending songs to him for the album so I wanted to name it after him.
 I'll Sleep When You're Dead is the second full-length studio album by New York hip hop artist El-P released on his own Definitive Jux label on March 20 2007. The album comes almost a full five years after his critically acclaimed debut solo album Fantastic Damage.The album's first single the Trent Reznor-featuring Flyentology was released as a digital download via the iTunes Store on February 20 2007.
 Matters of the Heart is the third album by American singer/songwriter Tracy Chapman released in 1992 (see 1992 in music). It was her first not to be produced or co-produced by David Kershenbaum. It also marked a switch in her sound from contemporary folk to alternative rock.
 Just One Night is a live double album by blues rocker Eric Clapton released in 1980. It was recorded live at the Budokan Theatre Tokyo December 1979 when Clapton was touring with his last record Backless. The sleeve contains a Japanese painting by Ken Konno. The album reached No. 2 in the US and No. 3 in the UK and was certified gold by RIAA.
 FabricLive.69 is a 2013 DJ mix album by Fake Blood. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Za tebe živim ja is the sixth album of the Croatian singer Mladen Grdović and was released on May 3 2012. It is the first album by Grdović since his 2006 release of E da mi je vratit vrime which was released in 2006.
 The Manhattan Transfer Meets Tubby The Tuba is a children's studio album released by The Manhattan Transfer in 1995 on the Atlantic Records label. It features music by George Kleinsinger and stories by Paul Tripp. This is the group's only children's recording offering a rendition of the 1945 children's classic that teaches the important lesson: Be yourself; you can't be anybody else!
 Con Todos Mis Sentidos (Eng.: With All My Senses) is the title of a studio album released by Spanish singer-songwriter Braulio in 1988. This album became his second number-one set on the Billboard Latin Pop Albums. The album produced six singles three of which reached the top five on Hot Latin Tracks: Con Las Manos en la Mesa El Vicio de tu Boca Un Tiempo Para Los Nosotros Una Mujer Como Tu and Cuando Se Acaba La Magia.
 The Monks's 1965 demos were professional studio recordings that preceded the album Black Monk Time. These have been released 3 times all also including two tracks from a single by The Five Torquays (the band's name before transforming themselves into the Monks).
 Identity Crisis is the eighth studio album by Shelby Lynne released in 2003. It has a blues and traditional rock sound. According to Metacritic Identity Crisis holds a score of 83 out of 100 indicating universal acclaim.
 Discovery is the seventh original album released by Mr. Children on February 3 1999.
 Figur 5 is an album by Couch an instrumental band based in Munich Germany on the Morr Music label.
 The Third Power is a 1991 album by the New York based music group Material. The album mixes reggae. funk dub and rap music.Engineer Martin Bisi claims the album began as a Sly and Robbie record but Bill really took over... And then before you know it the record's done and they're staring at something that they don't recognize...
 Sleepwell Deconstructor is the first album by Trap Them released on April 3 2007 on Trash Art!. Like the last recorded output from core members Ryan McKenney and Brian Izzi Backstabbers Inc's Kamikaze Missions (2003) Sleepwell Deconstructor is produced by Kurt Ballou. Illustration and design by Justin Bartlett: http://www.vberkvlt.com
 The Book of the Dead (Reu Nu Pert Em Hru) is a 1998 album by Ars Nova. It had slightly different releases in the Japanese and European markets. It was generally well received.
 Rendezvous in New York is an album by American pianist Chick Corea released on April 22 2003 on Corea's own Stretch Records as a two-CD set. The recording took place at the Blue Note club in New York City over the course of three weeks that marked the 60th anniversary of Corea with nine different groups comprising artists such as Bobby McFerrin Gary Burton and Michael Brecker. The song Matrix was awarded a Grammy Award for Best Jazz Instrumental Solo in 2003.
 Supernatural is the seventeenth album by Santana released in 1999. It went 15 times platinum in the US and won nine Grammy Awards including Album of the Year as well as three Latin Grammy Awards including Record of the Year.The album conceived by Clive Davis and A&R'd by Pete Ganbarg was a big global hit eventually selling more than 30 million copies. It is the most successful album by Santana hitting the number one spot in ten countries including the United States.
 Jealousy is an album released in 1981 by the Dirt Band (aka Nitty Gritty Dirt Band) . The band is notable for having many charting albums and singles. This album reached 102 on the US album charts. The single Fire In The Sky reached 76 on the US singles chart.
 Da Cameo King is the first mixtape in the Cameo King Mixtape series from the rapper Termanology.
 Prince is the eponymous second studio album by Prince released on October 19 1979. The album was written produced and performed entirely by Prince with the only known contribution from another person being some vocal harmony added by André Cymone on Why You Wanna Treat Me So Bad?.
 Planet Waves is the fourteenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan released on January 17 1974 by Asylum Records in the United States and Island Records in the United Kingdom.Dylan is supported on the album by longtime collaborators the Band with whom he embarked on a major reunion tour following its release (documented on the live album Before the Flood) (the tour started a couple weeks before release--though Asylum did want the album out first).
 L'Homme de la Mancha (English: The man of la Mancha) is Jacques Brel's eleventh studio album. Released in 1968 it is the cast recording of the French adaptation of The Man of la Mancha by Mitch Leigh and Joe Darion. Brel adapted the book translated the lyrics directed the production and played the role of Don Quixote. This was the only time he ever adapted songs by other writers or appeared in a stage musical.
 Codeine Velvet Club is the debut studio album by Codeine Velvet Club. It was released on December 28 2009 by Island Records in the United Kingdom and was released on April 6 2010 by Dangerbird Records in the United States.
 Impeccable Blahs is the fourth full-length album by Seattle-based indie rock band Say Hi. It was written almost entirely about vampires though Star Trek is also mentioned. The song Angels and Darlas is a reference to Angel and Darla from the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spinoff Angel both created by Joss Whedon.It was the last album to be recorded under the Say Hi to Your Mom moniker before the band shortened it to Say Hi on The Wishes and the Glitch.
 Dirt! is the sixth album by the Canadian comedy music group The Arrogant Worms released in 1999.
 The Road Gets Darker from Here is the seventh album by Gallon Drunk released May 7 2012 through the Clouds Hill label.
 Hands Across the Void is the first full-length album released by Tiny Vipers after signing with Sub Pop Records. It was released July 24 2007.
 American Gothic is an EP by The Smashing Pumpkins. The EP was announced on the band's website on December 19 2007 with songwriter Billy Corgan describing it as a continuation of their 2007 album Zeitgeist. It was released digitally on January 1 2008 and as a CD in the United Kingdom on February 11 2008.
 Jive Collection Volume 2: Kool Moe Dee is a collection of Kool Moe Dee's most popular songs.
 Covered: Winter is a 2010 album by the American R&B group Boyz II Men. The album covers nine popular Japanese songs. In was released on December 22 2010 in Japan only.
 Penny Black is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Further Seems Forever released in October 2012 through Rise Records. It marks the reunion of the band's original lineup—singer Chris Carrabba guitarists Josh Colbert and Nick Dominguez bassist Chad Neptune and drummer Steve Kleisath—and is their first album together since 2001's The Moon Is Down. It is also the band's first album since breaking up in 2006 and reuniting in 2010.
 Angel Band is an acoustic collection of gospel songs by Emmylou Harris released on July 7 1987. The album was recorded live off the floor featuring a band composed of Vince Gill (mandolin vocals) Carl Jackson (guitar vocals) and Emory Gordy Jr. (bass vocals). Jerry Douglas (dobro) and Mark O'Connor (fiddle) were overdubbed on some tracks.
 Essential is a compilation album by the punk rock band the Ramones. It was released in 2007 by Chrysalis. The record is made up of tracks from the group's five albums on the imprint: Brain Drain Mondo Bizarro Acid Eaters ¡Adios Amigos! and Loco Live.
 Bluegrass Album Vol. 4 is a fourth album by bluegrass supergroup Bluegrass Album Band released in 1984.
 The First Day is the first of three collaborations between David Sylvian and Robert Fripp. It was released in July 1993 and was something of a departure from David Sylvian’s usual work. It’s a combination of Sylvian’s deep thoughtful lyrics with funk techno and hard hitting progressive rock music.It was released in two versions. A regular jewel case CD (CDV 2712) and as a limited box-set with eight photo prints (CDVX 2712).
 Second Chapter is an album by British blues rock musician Danny Kirwan released in 1975 on the DJM Records label. This was his first solo album after leaving Fleetwood Mac in 1972 and his solo career was being managed by ex-Mac manager Clifford Davis.Demo tracks for this album were released on CD in 2000 as Ram Jam City.
 Bar Kokhba is a double album by John Zorn recorded between 1994 and 1996. It features music from Zorn's Masada project rearranged for small ensembles.
 Greatest Hits is a two-disc compilation from American stand-up comedian and country music singer Rodney Carrington. Content from his previous albums is featured. The first disc contains stand-up sketches and the second disc contains music. Two new tracks Put Your Clothes Back On and Things We Didn't Know are included on this compilation as well.
 Charlie Byrd at the Village Vanguard is a live album by American jazz guitarist Charlie Byrd featuring tracks recorded at the Village Vanguard in 1961 and released on the Riverside label in 1963. The album was first released on the Washington Records Offbeat imprint but only received limited distribution prior to Byrd signing with Riverside.
 Milioner is third studio album by Macedonian pop musician Elena Risteska. The album was released in Serbia by City Records in q2 2008. The albums contains the same songs from the album 192 just sang in Serbian.
 The Ruler's Back is the second studio album by British-American rapper Slick Rick released July 2 1991 on Def Jam Recordings. It features production from Vance Wright Slick Rick and Mr. Lee. The album and its music videos were quickly recorded and filmed before Slick Rick was sentenced to a 5-year prison term.Upon its release The Ruler's Back achieved notable chart success peaking at number 29 on the Billboard 200 and number 18 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 All You Need Is The Music is a 1978 in-studio album containing the works of the American pop-singer Neil Sedaka. It was released in the US on Elektra Records his second album for the company. Outside of the US it was released on the European-based Polydor label.
 Phi (stylized as Φ) is the tenth studio album of the Japanese duo KinKi Kids. It is the first album by KinKi Kids to have a Greek-lettered title rather than the traditional Latin-lettered album title. The album was certified platinum by the RIAJ for 250000 copies shipped to stores in Japan.
 Now is the eighth studio album by American singer-songwriter and pianist Patrice Rushen. Now was her third highest charting album peaking at number seven on the jazz albums chart number four on the R&B albums chart and number forty on the Pop albums chart. It features the hit singles Feels So Real (Won't Let Go) and Get Off (You Fascinate Me) which are among Rushen's best known in the R&B genre. Rushen's Next album would be Watch Out.
 Far Q is the debut studio album by alternative rock band Lower Than Atlantis.
 Oscar Peterson and Clark Terry is a 1975 album by Oscar Peterson accompanied by Clark Terry.
 21st Century Spin is the second studio album of British indie band Dissident Prophet under the name Maccabees. Produced and Engineered by Tom Livemore and Dissident Prophet. It was independently released in the UK on their own TAX Records label on January 2002.
 You Wanna Be There But You Don't Wanna Travel is the fourth album by Dave Graney 'n' the Coral Snakes (also seen as Dave Graney with the Coral Snakes). With Graney on vocals the Coral Snakes line-up included his wife Clare Moore on drums and percussion; Robin Casinader on keyboards violin and mandolin; Rob Hayward on lead guitar; and early member Gordy Blair returned on bass guitar. It was released in June 1994 on Mercury Records. The album peaked at No.
 N'écoutez pas (English: Do Not Listen) is the third studio album by the Québécois band Fly Pan Am credited on this album as Le Fly Pan Am. It was released by Constellation Records in September 2004.The album was recorded and mixed by Thierry Amar at the Hotel2Tango in April 2004. It features long-time contributor Alexandre St-Onge helping with the fifth track.The artwork was produced by the band. The liner notes include the album credits mentions of guest musicians and notes of gratitude.
 The Big Wheel is a 1991 album the seventh by Scottish Celtic rock band Runrig.
 Animositisomina is the eighth studio album by industrial metal band Ministry released in 2003. It is the group's first studio album and second overall release through Sanctuary Records following the live album Sphinctour.The title is a palindrome made of the word animosity spelled without the final letter and both forward and backward. It is also very similar to Aoxomoxoa which is an album by the Grateful Dead.
 Six Hours at Pedernales is a 1994 album by country singer Willie Nelson and featuring vocals by Step One Records co-founder Curtis Potter.
 Blue County is the self-titled debut album of American country music duo Blue County released in 2004 (see 2004 in country music) on Curb Records. The album's debut single Good Little Girls peaked at #11 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. Also released from this album were That's Cool (#24 on the country charts) Nothin' but Cowboy Boots (#38) and That Summer Song (#53).
 The Sensual World is the sixth studio album by the English singer Kate Bush. It was released in October 1989 and peaked at no.2 in the UK album charts. It has been certified Platinum by the BPI for sales of 300000 in the UK and Gold by the RIAA in the US.
 True Believers is the second solo album by John Schumann previously the frontman of Redgum. Released in 1993 it was reissued in 2009.
 Oscar Peterson Plays My Fair Lady is a 1958 album by pianist Oscar Peterson of compositions written by the songwriting duo Lerner and Loewe. The selections are from the musical My Fair Lady.
 Bonnie Raitt is the self-titled debut album by Bonnie Raitt released in 1971 (see 1971 in music). A straight-blues affair it was recorded at an empty summer camp on Enchanted Island about 30 miles west of Minneapolis on Lake Minnetonka.
 King Tuff is the second full length album released on May 29 2012 by the Vermont based artist King Tuff and his first release on US label Sub Pop.
 Discovery is a compilation box set by Pink Floyd released on 26 September 2011 to launch the Why Pink Floyd...? re-release campaign. The box set includes all fourteen of their standard studio albums newly remastered by James Guthrie. In addition to the albums the set comes with a 60-page artwork booklet designed by Storm Thorgerson.
 All Yours is Crystal Kay's seventh studio album.All Yours was released on June 20 2007. First editions included a DVD section with the three music videos from the album's singles as well as Konna ni Chikaku de... performed live for a special Nodame orchestra concert at the Tokyo International Forum on February 28 2007. All Yours was re-released as a Winter Special Package in November 2007 with a new cover. The album became Kay's first number-one release in her eight-year career.
 The Enemy Chorus is the second album by The Earlies released in 2007.
 The Western Album is an album by American singer-songwriter Don McLean released in 2003.
 Prima Nina in Ekstasy is a compilation album by Nina Hagen released in 2000.
 Loretta Lynn Writes 'em & Sings 'em is a 1970 studio album by American country singer-songwriter Loretta Lynn.This was Lynn's second studio album of the decade. The first single I Know How was a Top 5 Country hit followed by You Wanna Give Me a Lift that was also a Top 10 Country hit. All the songs on the album were written by Lynn except one song that was co-written with sister Peggy Sue Wells exempifying the title of the album.
 Comparsa is the third studio release by the musical group Deep Forest in January 1998. This album mixes world music and ethnic sounds including Cuban rhythms mixed with electronic instruments. After the release of the album Deep Forest arranged a highly successful world tour. Comparsa became #8 French export album of 1998 and was certified Platinum by SNEP Export Awards with more than 500000 albums sold outside France.
 Bobbi Humphrey Live: Cookin' with Blue Note at Montreux is a live album by American jazz flautist Bobbi Humphrey recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1973 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Magico: Carta de Amor is live album by saxophonist Jan Garbarek guitarist Egberto Gismonti and bassist Charlie Haden recorded in 1981 and released on the ECM label in 2012. The album follows the trio's first two recordings Magico (1979) and Folk Songs (1981).
 Bareback Ride released in 1993 is the second full length album by the band Walt Mink. Sales and acclaim for this album fell short of the band's first album Miss Happiness which was released the previous year.Bareback ride was the second and last album with the original band lineup of John Kimbrough Candice Belanoff and Joey Waronker.
 Released in 2002 Frisbee is the fourth studio album from the Venezuelan Latin rock band Caramelos de Cianuro.
 Long Island Shores is the second album by American singer-songwriter Mindy Smith released in 2006.
 The Yearbook is the fifth studio album by rapper KJ-52.The Special Edition DVD includes a Making Of documentary and the five videos he made released before the release of The Yearbook including KJ-52 Behind the Musik Life After Death I Can Call On You and Revenge of the Nerds.The song Wake Up peaked at #13 on ChristianRock.net.You're Gonna Make It was featured on the CBS crime drama Cold Case in the episode It Takes a Village.Do Yo Thang and Fanmail both have music videos available on KJ's site.
 Live in Brisbane 2006 (2006) is a two disc live music album from Canadian singer/songwriter Jeff Martin. The album is a complete recording of a live performance full of Jeff's banter with bandmates and the audience including his thoughts on the disbanding of The Tea Party and where he sees himself in life.
 WAT is an album by Slovenian music group Laibach released September 8 2003.The CD included a bonus video of Tanz mit Laibach and the vinyl LP and promo CD Reject or Breed.The album title is an acronym for We Are Time as the title track reveals. The point of WAT is not what Laibach is or what it wants but what you are and where you stand.
 Blue Lake is a live album by jazz/world musician Don Cherry recorded in 1971 and first released on the BYG label in Japan in 1974.
 Watch What Happens! is an album by American jazz pianist and composer Steve Kuhn recorded in 1968 and originally released on the MPS label but rereleased in the US as In Europe; 1968 on the Prestige label in 1969.
 11th Song is the debut album by alternative rock band Deep Blue Something. It was released on Doberman Records in 1993.
 Warriors of the Rainbow Bridge is an album by American southern rock band Molly Hatchet released on May 24 2005 (see 2005 in music) two months after former singer Danny Joe Brown died from complications of pneumonia. In January 2005 guitarist Bobby Ingram invited Dave Hlubek one of the original three guitarists to rejoin Molly Hatchet and in doing so became the only current member who was a part of the original band and appears on this album.
 Try My Love is the debut album of Jeremy Jordan.
 Captors is the debut studio album for Christian metal band Wolves at the Gate which the album was produced by Andreas Magnusson and it released on July 3 2012 by Solid State Records. The album attracted both commercial successes and positive criticism.
 Drinkin' and Courtin' is an album by The Dubliners. It was originally released in 1968. The line-up consists of Ronnie Drew Luke Kelly Barney McKenna Ciaran Bourke and John Sheahan. Two tracks are instrumentals. Five of the songs are comic. It reached number 31 in the UK album charts in 1968.
 The Best of the Vanguard Years is a compilation album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey released in 1999.
 14 Message: Every Ballad Songs 2 is the fourth best of album of the Japanese pop group Every Little Thing released on February 14 2007.
 Asylum Cave is the sixth studio album by the death metal band Benighted from France. The album was recorded at Kohlekeller Studios in Darmstadt Hessen Germany and released on March 21 2011.
 Strange Geometry is an album by The Clientele released in August 2005 to generally warm and positive reviews. The album was recorded in Walthamstow London. The first single was Since K Got Over Me which was released in limited quantities on 7 vinyl. The album cover is a 1963 painting titled The Viaduct by Paul Delvaux. The song (I Can't Seem To) Make You Mine originally appeared on a split single (with The Relict) back in 2001 featuring additional vocals by Pam Berry.
 Something to Believe In is the second studio album of Swedish singer Anna Bergendahl released on 24 October 2012 on Lionheart International after her debut Yours Sincerely.
 Thunderbird is an album by American jazz drummer Louis Bellson featuring performances recorded in 1965 for the Impulse! label.
 My Soul To Keep is the début album from Brooklyn rapper Sha Stimuli. It was released on 27 October 2009.The first single was Move Back produced by Just Blaze and featured Freeway and Young Chris.
 Buzz is the third studio album by California punk band Fifteen. The album was originally released on CD LP and cassette by the now-defunct label Grass Records on August 27 1996. It was re-released on CD by Plan-It-X Records on November 14 2006.
 Akira Toriyama: The World (鳥山明 ザ・ワールド Toriyama Akira za Wārudo) is an image soundtrack that not only features Dragon Ball Z but two other Akira Toriyama works Pink and Kennosuke-sama. It was released by Columbia Records on July 7 1990.
 FreuD euch is the ninth (seventh solo) studio album by Nina Hagen released in 1995. It marks the return of the punk feel of Nina Hagen's first album with short guitar-lead outrageous tracks. The cover artwork includes three holographic pictures (which when moved from right to left show Nina Hagen spelling something maybe the album's title) amongst holographic flowers.
 Maximum Strength is the eleventh album released by rapper KRS-One in 2008. It peaked at number 78 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums on June 28 2008.The name Maximum Strength was originally the title for an album recorded by KRS-One in 1998-1999 for Jive Records that still remains unreleased. When promoting this album in 2008 it was said to finally be a release of the shelved LP and the label even posted tracklists and cover very different from the final release.
 Okeeblow is an album by Scapegoat Wax released in 2001. See 2001 in music.
 Fables from a Mayfly: What I Tell You Three Times Is True is the third full length album by alternative metal band Fair to Midland. It is the band's major label debut after two self-released albums. Fables from a Mayfly was released on June 12 2007 with its two singles Dance of the Manatee and Tall Tales Taste Like Sour Grapes both charting in the U.S. rock charts.
 The Madness of the Crowds is the fourth album released by Ace Troubleshooter but their first on BEC's parent company Tooth & Nail Records.The album's title is derived from Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds a famous book by Charles Mackay.
 Big Calm (released in 1998) is the second album by Morcheeba. The Music That We Hear included on special-edition versions of the album is a reworking of Moog Island from Morcheeba's first album Who Can You Trust?.
 Live Printemps de Bourges 2002 contains four previously unreleased live tracks from Jean Michel Jarre's performance at the Printemps de Bourges Music Festival in Bourges France on April 12 2002 which Jean Michel Jarre performed to 100 invited guests.The live album features Jarre's entire 'Audio Brunch' performance in the Le Palais Jacques-Cœur in Bourges France which sees Jarre and Francis Rimbert mixing and improvising live a unique and experimental set.The album was released exclusively on Apple's online iTunes Store as AAC files.
 Carriers of Dust is the second studio album by the one man symphonic black metal band Mirrorthrone.
 Mile voli disko (English: Mile Loves the Disco) is the second studio album by Bosnian singer Lepa Brena released in 1982.This was her second of twelve albums with the band Slatki Greh.
 Inside Out is Bon Jovi's second live album and was released in November 27 2012. It includes songs from shows at O2 Arena MetLife Stadium and Madison Square Garden recorded during the band's Lost Highway Tour in 2008 and the Circle Tour in 2010.
 Kizz My Black Azz is the debut EP by rapper MC Ren released in June 30 1992 on Ruthless Records and distributed by Priority Records.
 Ellegarden is the first EP album by the Japanese music group Ellegarden. It was released on May 23 2001.
 Redenção (English: Redemption) is the fifth album from Brazilian rock band Fresno released on 2008 through the Universal Music and Arsenal Music.The album was also released only with the standard version. After his release the album received favorable reviews in most of the songs. It produced five singles.
 Gold Country is the second studio album by Chuck Ragan which was recorded in 2009 at Flying Whale Studios in Grass Valley California. This is the first album fully produced by Chuck Ragan.
 Anthems for the Could've Bin Pills is a 2000 album by KC Accidental.It is a companion album to Captured Anthems for an Empty Bathtub with tracks 1-6 on one album and 7-12 on the other.Many of the musicians involved went on to record Feel Good Lost the following year under the name Broken Social Scene.
 All Hail Discordia is an album by the Canadian indie rock band By Divine Right released on Squirtgun/Nettwerk in 1997.The album was produced by Brenndan McGuire.
 Yellowjackets is a self-titled debut album by the American jazz group Yellowjackets released in 1981. The album reached a peak position of number sixteen on the Billboard Jazz Albums chart.
 Pure Acid Park is Alice Donut's sixth studio album release in 1995. It was recorded at BC Studios Brooklyn New York.
 We Are Rising is the second album from Son Lux. It was released on Anticon in 2011.
 A Little Faster is the second full-length album from the alternative rock band There for Tomorrow. It was released on June 9 2009 through Hopeless Records. It debuted on June 27 at #181 in the Billboard 200 #9 Heatseekers Albums and #37 in the Independent Album scharts of Billboard. It stayed for 6 weeks in the Heatseekers chart. It was released in the UK on April 5 2010. It reached #63 on Alternative iTunes UK. The first single of the album was A Little Faster.
 Commercial is the sixth studio album recorded by Venezuelan band Los Amigos Invisibles released on June 9 2009. In 2009 the album won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album.
 Version 2.0 is the second album by alternative rock group Garbage. It was released worldwide in May 1998 by Mushroom Records UK and in North America by Almo Sounds. Version 2.0 was the follow-up to the band's multi-platinum debut album Garbage. Despite a slow start Version 2.0 went on to equal its predecessor becoming platinum-certified in many territories.
 Soy is the twelfth album of Puerto Rican Salsa singer Víctor Manuelle. The album was released on June 10 2008. It produced two singles Yo No Se Perdonarte and No Soy Quien.
 Western Front is a downloadable album by a British duo Carbon/Silicon consisting of Mick Jones (The Clash) and Tony James (Generation X). It was officially released on October 14 2006.
 Virtual Rabbit is Susumu Hirasawa's third album. It is the third part of a trilogy with Water in Time and Space being the first part and The Ghost in Science being the second part that deals with reality religion science and dreams. This album goes in the same style as its previous albums (mix and experimentation of various different music styles) although it has a more epic feel than the others with compositions with multiple parts more in line with his later solo work.
 24-7-365 is the second album by rap group N2Deep. The album was released in 1994 for Bust It Records and was produced by N2Deep and Johnny Z. Despite the success of their previous album Back to the Hotel 24-7-365 did not make it on any album charts or feature any charting singles. Four singles were released Deep N2 the Game Small Town California Hot Tubs and Somethin' Freaky.
 Music Madness is the second album by old school hip hop and electro funk group Mantronix. Music Madness was the final Mantronix album released on the independent Sleeping Bag Records label. The hip hop album features club-oriented production by Kurtis Mantronik and MC Tee's b-boy-based rapping.
 Tiempo (Spanish: Time) is the second studio album of Argentine pop rock band Erreway. It was released through Sony Music and Cris Morena Group on 15 April 2003 (see 2003 in music). The album was produced by a number of eminent Argentine musicians including Cris Morena Carlos Nilson and Andrés Calamaro.
 Host is the seventh studio album recorded by British band Paradise Lost. The singles So Much Is Lost and Permanent Solution both have music videos released. Due to an injury Gregor Mackintosh often played keyboards instead of guitar while touring the album with his guitar technician playing his guitar parts.
 Home is the second solo album by Italian rapper Nesli.
 Left Here Alone; Smiling is the fourth studio album by Echo Orbiter. It was released on Looking Glass Workshop in 2002. The album was produced using a unique writing and recording style the band called Audio Impressionism where individual notes in a progression or arpeggiated notes were individually recorded one by one on different tracks with different sounds and instruments and then meticulously pieced together to form the progression or arpeggiated line.
 Kiss Unplugged is an MTV Unplugged album by American rock band Kiss. On August 9 1995 the band performed on MTV Unplugged in what is considered to be the beginning of the Kiss Reunion Tour. Paul Stanley and Gene Simmons contacted former members Peter Criss and Ace Frehley and invited them to participate.
 Change Giver is the debut album by British rock band Shed Seven released via Polydor Records on 5 September 1994. It was produced by Jessica Corcoran and was issued during the formative year of the britpop movement—a scene that dominated British alternative music in the mid-1990s.The album was a moderate chart success in the UK peaking at number 16 in the UK Albums Chart upon release while three of the four singles taken from the album charted in the UK Top 40.
 Guilty of Everything is the debut studio album released by the American rock band Nothing on March 4 2014 through Relapse Records.
 Cloud Nine is a 1969 album by American musical group The Temptations for the Gordy (Motown) label. The album is a watershed for several reasons. It is the first regular Temptations studio LP to feature Dennis Edwards as the replacement for David Ruffin who was fired in June 1968.
 The Complete Studio Albums (1983 – 2008) is a box set by American singer-songwriter Madonna. It was released by her former label Warner Bros. Records on March 26 2012 to coincide with the release of her twelfth studio album MDNA. The eleven-disc box set was released in Europe and Japan and included all of Madonna's studio albums from the years 1983 to 2008.
 Libertine is the fourth solo studio album by the Norwegian artist Liv Kristine.
 All Set is the fifth studio album by punk rock band Buzzcocks. It was released in 1996. It was the last release from IRS Records. Your Love and Give it To Me were previously released by Pete Shelley as Zip - Immaculate IMMAC 5 released 1988.
 Matters of the Bittersweet is the first solo acoustic album by singer Matthew Santos. Released in November 2007 under Candy Rat Records the album features addition of four songs where he is joined by band members Robert Tucker on 'Humming'burd' and Aviva Jaye on vocals and clarinet on three songs; 'Unnamable' 'Daughter of the Sun' and 'Drop a Coin'.
 Further Definitions is a 1961 jazz album by Benny Carter and his orchestra rereleased on CD in 1997 coupled with his follow-up album 1966's Additions to Further Definitions. The earlier album is Carter's best-known recorded with an all-star line-up that included Coleman Hawkins with whom Carter had recorded in Paris in 1937 using the same configuration of instruments: four saxophones piano guitar bass and drums.
 Farrar is the third solo album by Scottish fiddler Duncan Chisholm. It was released in 2008. The album forms the first part of Chisholm's Strathglass Trilogy and won him the MG Scots Alba Album of the Year 2008.Lunasa recorded 250 to Vigo previously in 2003 for the album Redwood. Whilst Shooglenifty did also in 1994 for Venus in Tweeds.
 Ask Questions Later is the third album from experimental band Cop Shoot Cop.
 Criminal Intents/Morning Star is the third EP album by Italian industrial rock band Dope Stars Inc.. It was released on April 21 2009 as an immediate precursor to their third album 21st Century Slave which was released exactly three months later on July 21 2009. Lyrically it focuses on traditional cyberpunk beliefs and themes.
 Small Talk is the seventh album by Sly and the Family Stone released by Epic/CBS Records in 1974. This album was the final LP to feature the original Family Stone which broke up in January 1975.Small Talk's singles were Time For Livin' (the band's final Top 40 hit) and Loose Booty an up-tempo funk track which uses the names of Bible characters Shadrach Meshach and Abednego as a chant.
 MTV Unplugged (1996) is the twenty-third album and sixth live album (released third recorded) by Mexican Rock Blues band El Tri. Recorded 10 years earlier the album was released as one more compilation.
 The Virginian is a 1997 alternative country album by American vocalist Neko Case whose backing band at that time consisted of a rotating group of musicians referred to as Her Boyfriends. It was Case's debut solo album after previously being a member of Vancouver pop punk bands Maow and CubGuest musicians on the album include Carl Newman Carolyn Mark Rose Melberg Matt Murphy Brian Connelly and Darryl Neudorf.
 Greatest Videoz is a DVD by American rock band Limp Bizkit. Released in 2005 it is a companion to the band's compilation album Greatest Hitz. The DVD compiles music videos from the band's albums Three Dollar Bill Yall$ Significant Other Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water Results May Vary and The Unquestionable Truth (Part 1).
 Steppin' Out is a live album by the British singer-songwriter Joan Armatrading. The title is taken from her song of the same name which was first released in 1975 on her second studio album Back to the Night. A DVD with the same title containing concerts recorded by WDR in 1979 and 1980 was released in 2004.
 Orange Raja Blood Royal is a 7 record by the Mountain Goats and Alastair Galbraith on the Walt Records label. The back cover of the sleeve features quotations from Søren Kierkegaard: Fools and young men prate about everything being possible for a man. That however is a great error.
 The CD Singles '88–91' is a boxed set of Morrissey's first ten singles as a solo artist from Suedehead (1988) to Pregnant for the Last Time (1991).
 Cerca de Ti is the 7th album by Mexican iconic pop singer Lucía Méndez It was released in 1982
 Rhythm Is Love – Best Of is a 2004 studio album released by Keziah Jones. It was released under Virgin Records and was co-produced by Jones Kevin Armstrong and Ron Saint Germain. It was preceded by Black Orpheus Limited Edition.
 Illuminate... (The Hits and More) is the fifth studio album by English boy band 911. It is their first album release since The Greatest Hits and a Little Bit More in 2000 and their first album to be released digitally without an accompanying CD release. Consisting of seven re-recorded hits and seven new tracks it was released worldwide on 8 September 2013 the same day as its lead single 2 Hearts 1 Love. The album debuted at No. 162 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Pastperfect is a live DVD by VNV Nation that was released on May 4 2004containing; a 12 track live DVD and a DVD and CD of interviews behind the scenes a making of and videos of live footage.It charted at no. 96 in the mainstream German chart for one week.
 Collide is the second full-length EP by British DJ and electronic dance music composer Andy Hunter°. It is the follow-up to his 2008 album Colour. Collide was released as an iTunes exclusive on December 6 2010. It was eventually released to other digital retailers in the new year.
 The film score to Robert Rodriguez's Desperado is written and performed by the Los Angeles rock bands Los Lobos and Tito & Tarantula performing traditional Ranchera and Chicano rock music. Other artists on the soundtrack album include Dire Straits Link Wray Latin Playboys and Carlos Santana.
 Extended Movement is a promotional extended play released by trance DJ BT during his Movement in Still Life era. It was released only at college campuses in the United States prior to the release of Movement in Still Life. It contains two unmixed songs The Hip Hop Phenomenon and Fibonacci Sequence which could not be found on the U.S. release of Movement in Still Life (The latter could not be found on the U.K. version either).
 Eye Dance is the eighth and final studio album released under the Boney M. moniker and was released in the autumn of 1985.
 Operation Heavenly is the fourth and final studio album by English indie pop band Heavenly. It was released by Wiiija in October 1996. In the United States it was issued by K Records whose founder Calvin Johnson provided guest vocals on Pet Monkey. The album contains ten original songs and a cover of Serge Gainsbourg's Nous Ne Somme Pas Des Anges.K released Trophy Girlfriend on a split 7 single with two songs by Bis. The single bore the overall title International Pop Underground Vol.
 Surrender the Sun is the debut album by the gothic metal band Noctura. It was released in the United States on June 21 2011.
 The Meeting is the tenth album of R&B singer Patrice Rushen released in 1990. This album contains a collaboration of Rushen and many other artists. Featuring saxophonist Ernie Watts bassist Alphonso Johnson and drummer Leon Ndugu Chancler the album alternates between soulful jazz inventive R&B a bit of funk and ballads. The set of songs are a pleasant surprise and is recommended to listeners who enjoy R&B-oriented jazz. Patrice's next album would be Anything but Ordinary.
 Blacktrash: The Autobiography of Kirk Jones is the first solo album by Onyx member Sticky Fingaz released May 22 2001. The lyricist portrays the fictional Kirk Jones a felon just released from prison who is now struggling to come to terms with life outside jail.
 Convertibles is the debut studio album by American producer/rapper Chuck Inglish. The album was released on April 8 2014 through Inglish's own Sounds Like Fun imprint via Dave Sitek's Federal Prism.
 This article describes the first album in the Australia Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! (disambiguation) and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow 01 is a compilation CD released by EMI Music Australia and Warner Music Australia in 2002. It was the first of the new compilations to replace the long running 100% Hits CDs.
 Tomorrow is the eighth studio album by rapper C-Murder. The album was released on June 15 2010 under TRU Records & Venti Uno while he is serving life imprisonment sentence for second degree murder.
 Hungry for Stink is the fourth album by the Los Angeles grunge band L7. The title is taken from a personal ad that was seen by one of the band members shortly before the album was released.[citation needed] It was released in July 1994 during their Lollapalooza tour. Musically the album is heavier than the band's previous work marking the culmination of their progression from a largely punk to metal sound.
 My Mercury Mouth E.P is an EP by English big beat duo The Chemical Brothers and their final release under the name The Dust Brothers. The EP contains two new songs My Mercury Mouth and Dust-Up-Beats as well as the B-side If You Kling To Me I'll Klong You later released on the Japan Leave Home single Life Is Sweet CD2 single and Singles 93–03 releases.The first pressings of this release featured a different song in place of Dust-Up-Beats of the same name.
 Timbiriche Vaselina is the 5th album from Mexican pop music Group Timbiriche. It was released on 1984. Based on the Musical Grease (musical). Presented by Luis De Llano Produced by Julissa.
 The Sound of Trees is the first album by Schnell Fenster.
 Free is the fifth studio album by Israeli singer Dana International released in 1999 the year after she won the Eurovision Song Contest 1998 with the song Diva; it includes an alternative version of the track.
 Aftershock is the second album by Canadian rock band Forty Foot Echo. Created after a complicated series of events that led to the breakup of the original band lineup lead singer Murray Yates suffered a period of depression.[citation needed] Along with friend Shaun McDowell Yates reformed the band with new members and recorded this album[citation needed]
 6-ty ostatni przystanek is the name of the 2004 album by Polish band Ich Troje released on Decca Records.The album is known as 6. ostatni przystanek in the native Polish. All tracks are in the Polish language.
 Out of the Woods is the second solo album from Everything but the Girl singer Tracey Thorn - her first since 1982's A Distant Shore - released on 5 March 2007 on Virgin Records. The album charted on the Billboard 200 peaking at #172 on 7 April 2007.The majority of the album's production was by Ewan Pearson who also produced the first single It's All True. Other collaborators included Cagedbaby Charles Webster Klas Lindblad Martin Wheeler and Alex Santos.
 Endless Bummer is the fifth studio album by Sloppy Seconds. It was released in 2008 ten years after More Trouble Than They're Worth.
 Racing the Tide is the fourth studio album by The Elders released in 2006.
 Red Hot + Rio 2 produced by Béco Dranoff John Carlin and Paul Heck; with supervising musical producers Andres Levin Mario Caldato Jr. and Kamal Kassin; in collaboration with U.S. label E1 Entertainment is Red Hot Organization’s next entry into its series of tribute albums created to raise money for HIV/AIDS awareness and prevention set to be released June 28th 2011.
 Mangled Demos from 1983 is a collection of various early Melvins recordings from 1983 remastered and released on Ipecac in 2005. Until 2005 none of the material with the exception of the first version of Forgotten Principles had ever been officially released. A few tracks included in this album have previously appeared on bootleg releases. It is the only record featuring the original lineup (Buzz Osborne/Matt Lukin/Mike Dillard).
 Methods of Silence is the second album by the German band Camouflage released by Atlantic Records in June 1989. The single Love is a Shield reached position 9 of the German single charts making it Camouflage's most successful song and at position 20 in the American Billboard Modern Rock Tracks.
 Wall of Fire is the second solo album by Canadian singer-songwriter Peter Elkas produced by former Bob Dylan collaborator Charlie Sexton. It was released 20 March 2007 on MapleMusic Recordings.Ron Sexsmith sings harmony vocals on the track Willpower.
 Cilla All Mixed Up is the title of Cilla Black's sixteenth solo album released worldwide on 7 September 2009 by EMI to digital download. The album was conceived to celebrate Cilla Black's 45th year in the music business. An array of original hit singles and album tracks held at Abbey Road studios were given a club makeover alongside a few more recent songs taken from Black's last studio album Beginnings.
 Heartland Highway is a studio album by American rock group Sister Hazel. It is their eighth studio album and was released on October 12 2010 only 14 months after their previous album Release.
 Hitmixes is the second extended play (EP) by American recording artist Lady Gaga released on August 25 2009. Featuring remixes of songs from Gaga's debut album The Fame (2008) the album was only released in Canada by Universal Music Canada. Hitmixes features mixes from various musicians including RedOne and Space Cowboy who previously worked with Gaga. The EP hosts 1980s-influenced and house remixes.
 Open is a 2012 album by Tony Levin's project Stick Men. It was released 1 June 2012. It's the group's first all-instrumental release being built around group improvisations rather than being mostly composed as is usually the case.
 Horsin' Around is the sixth album and final album by Carrie Lucas. Released in 1984 on the Constellation label.
 Teddy Bear Duke & Psycho is the fifth album by the English synthpop group Heaven 17 released in 1988 by Virgin Records.
 A Sense of Purpose is the ninth studio album by Swedish metal band In Flames. The album was released first in Japan on March 26 2008 with 15 tracks and later in Europe on April 4 2008 through Nuclear Blast and through Koch Records in North America on April 1. This is the band's last album with guitarist and founding member Jesper Stromblad before he quit in February 2010. The album debuted at number 1 on the official Swedish album chart.
 The Human Factor is the fourth album by Metal Church released in 1991. It was the band's only release on Epic Records.
 Deadmalls and Nightfalls is the second full-length studio album by Frontier Ruckus released on July 20 2010 by Ramseur Records. The album received positive reviews.
 I Love You (A Dedication to My Fans) is the fourth mixtape released by rap artist Jadakiss it was released on May 23 2011. The Mixtape features guest appearances from Emanny Teyana Taylor Styles P Chynk Show Fred The Godson Trae Tha Truth and Rick Ross.
 Burned was released in 1995 and is the only album to have been released by Electrafixion. The album reached #38 on the UK albums chart in October of that year.
 Frantic City is the second studio album by Teenage Head. Released in 1980 it was a hit in Canada going gold.
 Snake Rhythm Rock is the seventh album by guitarist Ivan Boogaloo Joe Jones which was recorded in 1972 and released on the Prestige label.
 Zazen Ecstasy (座禅エクスタシー Zazen Ekusutashii Zen Meditation Ecstasy) is a live show by Japanese music artist Shiina Ringo. It was performed at Kaho Theatre (Kaho Gekijou (嘉穂劇場 kaho gekijou) a playhouse in Iizuka City Fukuoka on July 30 2000.
 Henry – Henry :38 	 	 Servotron – Speak + Spell – 1:51 	 	Kincaid. – Mr.
 It Ain't Easy is the fourth album by American rock band Three Dog Night released in 1970. According to lead singer Chuck Negron's book Three Dog Nightmare the album's working title was The Wizards of Orange with a cover featuring the band's members wearing orange make-up and body stockings to appear as if they were posing in the nude.
 Todos Los Romances is a box-set containing the three bolero albums released by Mexican singer Luis Miguel from 1991 to 1997. The albums included are: Romance Segundo Romance and Romances.This box-set was released in 1998. In the box-set are included 3 CD that all together include 37 songs.It has sold 200000 units in Spain.
 Gorgeous George is a solo album by Scottish musician Edwyn Collins.It was released in 1994 and features guest musician Paul Cook of Sex Pistols.
 Žena bez imena is the second studio album of Serbian pop singer Vlado Georgiev which was released in 2003.
 All's Well That Ends Well is the debut album by American post-hardcore band Chiodos released through Equal Vision Records in July 2005. Four music videos for the songs One Day All Women Will Become Monsters The Words 'Best Friend' Become Redefined Baby You Wouldn't Last a Minute on the Creek and All Nereids Beware have been produced for the promotion of the album. The album has sold more than 200000 copies as of 2008.
 Buick Men is the debut studio album by the American rock band Hagfish released in 1993 on Dragon Street Records. Eight of the albums tracks would later be re-recorded for the follow-up Rocks Your Lame Ass. The album is currently out of print.
 Jupiter is the name of the fourth studio album by the American technical death metal band Atheist. It is their first studio album in 17 years since the release of Elements in 1993.
 Do You Believe in Magic is the debut album by the folk rock group The Lovin' Spoonful. It was released in November 1965 on the Kama Sutra label. The album features the hits Do You Believe in Magic (U.S. No. 9) and Did You Ever Have to Make Up Your Mind? (U.S. No. 2).Do You Believe in Magic was re-released on CD in 2002 with five bonus tracks.
 Fiction Family is the debut studio album by the collaboration between Switchfoot frontman and solo artist Jon Foreman and Nickel Creek guitarist and solo artist Sean Watkins. It was released January 20 2009 through the indie record label ATO Records.
 Our Noise is an album by Herrmann & Kleine band. It was their first and the last album since the duo is now disbanded. The album was recorded on the Morr Music label.
 Nena is the first album by German pop-rock band Nena and the second studio album of its singer Gabriele Nena Kerner. Released in 1983 it was part of the music genre called Neue Deutsche Welle (meaning New German Wave) movement in the German music.The album was a great success in West Germany and the second single 99 Luftballons successfully reached No.
 Redeemer is the third album by D'espairsRay released on March 11 2009 in Japan. The album was released in Europe on May 24 2009.The album has also been released in the United States at Hot Topic and other record stores.The album debuted at #39 on the Oricon Charts with 4032 copies sold.[citation needed]
 The Words You Don't Swallow is the first full length studio album by American pop rock band Anarbor. The band recorded the album with Mike Green (who has also recorded for Paramore Set Your Goals and Spill Canvas). Their debut album was released on April 20 2010. The album gets its name from lyrics in the song Contagious. The album peaked at number 50 on Billboard's Independent Albums chart and number 16 on the Heatseekers chart.
 Faceless is the third studio album by hard rock band Godsmack. The album introduced drummer Shannon Larkin former drummer for Ugly Kid Joe. The album was released on April 8 2003.The songs Straight Out of Line and I Stand Alone had Grammy nominations for 'Best Rock Song' and 'Best Hard Rock Performance' respectively.
 Plays and Plays and... is a jazz album by pianist Dave Brubeck. It's Brubeck's second solo piano album (the first being Brubeck Plays Brubeck). It was originally released on Fantasy Records in 1957. The cover artwork was created by Arnold Roth.Plays and Plays and... mainly features old standards most of which improvised on the spot or rehearsed roughly. To me Brubeck says improvisation is the core of the jazz. [...] Only through improvisation jazz is going to survive.
 Nivraym is the third studio album by the Zeuhl band Koenjihyakkei released in Japan on the Magaibutsu Limited label in 2001. The album was released in the USA in 2009 by the American record label Skin Graft Records as a re-recorded and re-mixed version.
 Press the Eject and Give Me the Tape is a live album by the British gothic rock band Bauhaus released in 1982 on Beggars Banquet Records and recorded in London and Liverpool in 1981 and 1982. The album cover is a photograph by Eugene Merinov. The album was originally a bonus disc with the initial limited edition of the 1982 studio album The Sky's Gone Out. Later in the year it was released as a separate album with initial copies receiving a free single and poster pack.
 He's the King And His Band is the first album by Al Hirt to be released by RCA Victor. The album was recorded at RCA Victor's Studio A in New York City.The album reached No. 61 on the Billboard Top LPs chart in 1961.
 Moons Milk (In Four Phases) Bonus Disc is a semi-official name for an edition of Coil CD-Rs released in conjunction with Moon's Milk (In Four Phases). Each CD sleeve was hand painted and given its own unique title. Most of the sleeves were numbered followed by the title then 2001 ev. Winter Solstice - December 21 2001 ev. or something similar. Most of the titles have quotations around them.
 This is an album by the Australian solo artist Johnny Diesel (Mark Lizotte) with 13 tracks released in 1995.
 Still In Love is the fifth album by Carrie Lucas. Released in 1982 on the SOLAR Records label.
 Mosquito/See Through is the twelfth album by Australian improvised music trio The Necks first released as a 2 CD set on the Fish of Milk label in 2004 and later on the ReR label internationally. The album features two hour-long tracks titled Mosquito and See Through performed by Chris Abrahams Lloyd Swanton and Tony Buck. The Wire review rated the album Among the Necks recordings you actually would go back to rescue from a house fire.
 The Very Best of the Lightning Seeds is the second official greatest hits album released on 12 June 2006. The first was Like You Do… Best of The Lightning Seeds released in 1997.
 Last Round is the seventh studio album by psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders released in 1978 through Adelphi Records.
 Trap Lord is the debut studio album by American rapper ASAP Ferg. The album was released on August 20 2013 by ASAP Worldwide Polo Grounds Music and RCA Records.
 Live Wizardry is an album by Silly Wizard recorded live in concert at Sanders Theatre Harvard University in Cambridge Massachusetts in 1983. Live Wizardry was released by Green Linnet Records in 1988 and contained all but two of the tracks released in 1985 on the live albums Golden Golden and Live in America.
 Marcus is an album by Jazz bassist Marcus Miller. It was released in 2008.This is the US version of Marcus' previously released album Free. It is listed here as it has not only added tracks but different mixes of the tracks (a simple check of the track lengths courtesy of Allmusic.com reveals this fact) a different cover and a modified track order.
 Extremist is the seventh studio album by American metalcore band Demon Hunter. The album was released on March 18 2014 through Solid State Records. Extremist sold nearly 18000 copies its first week and debuted at no. 16 on the Billboard 200.
 The Rough Guide to Irish Music is a world music compilation album originally released in 1996. The fourth release of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the album covers both the Republic and The North with an overall focus on tradition and revival. The compilation was produced by Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network.
 All That I Wanted – Acoustic EP is the debut EP by New Zealand singer-songwriter Jamie McDell. It features acoustic renditions of You'll Never Take That Away Rewind and three other original songs. It was released digitally via iTunes through EMI Music New Zealand on May 4 2012.
 Skotos Aenaon (Ancient Greek for eternal darkness) is the second full length studio album (and third album overall) of the black metal band Naer Mataron. It was released on Black Lotus Records in 2001.
 Jagged Little Thrill is the third studio album by American R&B group Jagged Edge. The album was released on June 26 2001 in the United States.The album debuted at number 3 on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 215000 copies in the US outranking their previous album J.E. Heartbreak which peaked at No.
 Global a Go-Go is the second album by Joe Strummer and The Mescaleros displaying trademark genre-melding folk-rock and Strummer's unique lyrical style. As the title suggests there are world music influences on the album mostly on the title track and Bhindhi Bhagee a celebration of the humble but diverse and exciting ethnic and multi-cultural areas of London and other major cities.
 Fleshtones vs. Reality is an album released on Emergo Records in 1987 by The Fleshtones. The album was recorded at the Record Plant in New York City in the fall of 1986 with the exception of two songs Return of the Leather Kings and Too Late To Run which were recorded in May 1986 at Axis Sound Studio in Atlanta Georgia.
 Stardust Galaxies is the third studio album produced by Johannesburg based South African music band The Parlotones under its current label Sovereign Entertainment. The album has been certified gold having sold 20000 copies in its first week of release (see List of music recording sales certifications).
 Summertown Road is the second studio album by Canadian country music singer Brad Johner. It was released on October 18 2005 by 306 Records. She Moved I've Got It Good I'd Rather Be Lucky Your Love Is My Luck You Can't Beat an Original and What a Girl Wants were released as singles.The album was nominated for album of the year by the Canadian Country Music Association in 2006.
 Mu-Tron EP is the third EP by English electronic band Ladytron. It was released in the United Kingdom in October 2000 by Invicta Hi-Fi Records on CD and 12 formats. All songs will be later included on Ladytron's debut album 604.
 Merlin is the third studio album released by the former Yugoslavia's Merlin band. The album was released in 1987.
 Just Like the Fambly Cat is the fourth and final studio album by American indie rock band Grandaddy released on May 9 2006 on V2 Records.The album's title is a reference to Lytle's desire to leave his home town of Modesto California without any fuss stating [cats will] do that almost out of respect and not wanting to put people out [...] because when the family cat dies he doesn't make a big deal about it...He just disappears.The album reached No. 171 on the Billboard 200 and No.
 Live Performance Feb. 85 is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It was released by both Le Syndicat in France and Merzbow's own ZSF Produkt label. Despite the title it was recorded at Merzbow's home studio. It was soon reissued on ZSF retitled Nil Vagina Mail-Action.
 A Portrait of Duke Ellington is an album featuring trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie and orchestra performing compositions associated with Duke Ellington recorded in 1960 and released on the Verve label. All of the orchestral arrangements were provided by then Hi-Lo's accompanist – and sometimes arranger – Clare Fischer hired on the basis of a previously recorded but unreleased album with strings arranged by Fischer for erstwhile University of Michigan classmate Donald Byrd.
 Close My Eyes is an album by The Slackers first released in 2003.
 Cast of Thousands was The Adverts' 1979 second album and featured a noticeably different 'sound' from their debut effort: Crossing the Red Sea with the Adverts.
 Guilty is the twenty-second studio album by American singer Barbra Streisand released on September 23 1980 by Columbia Records. It was produced by Barry Gibb of the Bee Gees and his group's regular production team of Albhy Galuten and Karl Richardson. After the success of the Bee Gees in the late of 1970s there was some time to write songs for other artists and Streisand one of those artists asked Gibb to write an album for her.
 Something Else is the third studio album by R&B singer Robin Thicke released on September 30 2008. It is a follow up to Thicke's highly successful second album The Evolution of Robin Thicke and features a guest appearance by Lil Wayne.
 Group Therapy is the second studio album by British trance group Above & Beyond. It was released on 6 June 2011 by Anjunabeats. The album features collaborations with Zoë Johnston and Richard Bedford.
 Relentless is the second full length album by metalcore band For the Fallen Dreams and the first album to feature vocalist Dylan Richter. The album was released on July 21 2009 and charted at number 29 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart.This is the last album by For The Fallen Dreams to feature founding member and principal songwriter Andrew Tkaczyk before his departure from the band in February 2011.
 The Great Concert of Cecil Taylor is a live album by Cecil Taylor recorded in St. Paul de Vence Nice on July 29 1969 and released on the Prestige label in 1977 as a 3-LP set. The album was originally released as Nuits de la Fondation Maeght on the French Shandar label as a box set as three separate LPs in 1971 and later on the (bootleg) Italian Jazz View label as three separate CDs mastered from a noisy vinyl source. No legal CD edition of this recording has been issued.
 Transmissions from Uranus is the second full-length album by American Industrial metal band Hanzel und Gretyl. It was released in 1997 on Energy Records. It followed the pace set by the band's debut release Ausgeflippt as its style was very electronically oriented. The album enjoyed significant success with the song 9D Galactic Center even being featured on the soundtrack to Mortal Kombat: Annihilation.
 Love Comes Back + New Songs is a greatest hits album by Landy Wen.
 Devo Live is the fourth home video release by new wave band Devo and their second DVD. Devo Live contains an entire performance from their 1996 reunion tour (part of the Lollapalooza tour event) filmed at Irvine Meadows California. It was released in 2003.
 The Q-Chastic EP was created by Richard D. James under the alias Q-Chastic. The album was never released but was test pressed in a limited number under the Rephlex label in 1992. The format is rumored to be 2X12 format of which the outer 2 inches is grooveless.
 The Power of Lard is the 1989 EP released by Lard.
 Pagoda is the debut album by Pagoda. It was recorded in Milan and was released in 2007.Following the completion of the album band members Jamie and Indigo left the band. Luca stepped in to play bass but has since taken the role as sound man for the 2007 European tour and will remain Pagoda's producer. In January 2006 the band launched a tour in support of the album which was released by Ecstatic Peace!.
 Alizée is currently working on her sixth studio album. No exact release date is announced yet but possible release is in June 2014. The first single Blonde of the album was released 18 March 2014. The album is being released only little bit more than a year after her fifth album 5. The speeding of the release cycle was caused by Alizée's success on French television show Danse avec les stars which fourth season she won on 23 November 2013.
 Psychonaut is the second album by Brainticket. It is often described as more relaxed and less electronic than their first record.
 Angelfish is the 1994 self-titled debut and single studio album released by Scottish alternative rock group Angelfish fronted by Shirley Manson. The Angelfish album was born out of necessity when Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie's record distributor MCA expressed interest in recording an album with Manson on lead vocals rather than furthering its commitment to the Mackenzies.
 mewithoutYou's Nice and Blue (pt. Two) 7 vinyl was released in the UK on Strange Addiction Records on September 24 2007. It features the song Nice and Blue (Pt. 2) from the mewithoutYou album Brother Sister released worldwide in October 2006. The B-Side is a demo of the song In A Sweater Poorly Knit from the mewithoutYou album Brother Sister.A Side - Nice and Blue (Pt. 2)B Side - In A Sweater Poorly Knit (Demo Version)
 Hide Our Psychommunity is a live album by hide released on April 23 2008. It contains almost all of his August 10 1994 Yokohama Arena concert (a cover of 20th Century Boy by T.Rex is cut) from his 1994 tour of the same name. The album reached number 25 on the Oricon chart.
 Something for the Weekend is an album of songs by the British group Stackridge. It was released in the U.K. by Angel Air.
 This Is Your Life is a compilation album by the punk band The Adicts It was released in 1984 on Fall Out Records and contains mostly previously unreleased tracks. In 1992 Fall Out reissued the album on CD with bonus tracks.
 Songs 2 is the sixteenth studio album by the British singer-songwriter Judie Tzuke released in 2008.As with her previous album Songs 1 (2007) Songs 2 includes songs that Tzuke wrote with other artists. Whereas Songs 1 contained some of the quieter songs from these collaborations Songs 2 contains the louder more energised ones.
 We Have Secrets But Nobody Cares is the debut album from Brisbane singer and keyboardist Seja Vogel. The album was released in Australia on 27 March 2010 by Rice Is Nice and Other Tongues; and in the United States on 11 May 2010. Vogel used fourteen different analogue synthesizers on the album.
 Cilla's World is the title of Cilla Black's thirteenth solo studio album. It was a concept album themed around sixteen original children's songs which were about animals green issues and the environment recorded specifically for the Australian music market (Black's second most successful music market in the world). Sold on the idea of such an unusual concept Black agreed to go ahead with the album which featured primarily songs co-written by Play School TV presenter Don Spencer.
 Gods & Monsters is the seventh album by the electronic goa trance band Juno Reactor. The album was released on April 22 2008 though Metropolis began shipping it in early April.
 We Were So Turned On: A Tribute to David Bowie is a David Bowie tribute album released worldwide on September 6 2010 by Manimal Vinyl as a charity for War Child UK. The album features contributions from Duran Duran Carla Bruni Mick Karn John Frusciante Devendra Banhart Vivian Girls Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros A Place to Bury Strangers and others.The project was started in early 2008 by Manimal Vinyl's founder Paul Beahan.
 Yoshinotsune is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It is themed on Minamoto no Yoshitsune a legendary samurai. The title combines the name with Yoshino a chicken credited with chorus on albums during this time.
 Gardish is the third full length album of the Pakistani rock band Karavan released in 2002.
 'Live at Looney Tunes' is a live album by the American metalcore band From Autumn to Ashes. It was released on June 17 2008. It was recorded at Looney Tunes record store in Long Island NY in January 2008 and mixed by Brian McTernan.
 Tormato is the ninth studio album from the English progressive rock band Yes released in September 1978 on Atlantic Records.
 Heal is the fourth and final full-length studio album from the Arizona thrash metal band Sacred Reich. It was released in February 1996 on Metal Blade Records and follows the 1993 album Independent. The band's final album was a 1997 live recording Still Ignorant which saw the return of original drummer Greg Hall.
 El Canta Autor Del Pueblo is the first studio album by Regional Mexican singer Espinoza Paz. It was released on 18 March 2008 by American Show Latin / Machete Regio.
 Monty Python Live at Drury Lane is an album released by Monty Python in 1974 which was recorded at the Drury Lane Theatre in London earlier that year. It was also released in Canada in 1975 (distributed by GRT of Canada Ltd. 9211-4). The majority of the sketches are from Flying Circus and vary slightly from their television counterparts.
 Big Kenny's Love Everybody Traveling Musical Medicine Show Mix Tape Vol. 1 is the third solo album by American country music artist Big Kenny one-half of the duo Big & Rich. It was released in 2010 via Big Kenny's own Love Everybody label and sold exclusively through BigKenny.TV and BigSouthMusic.com. The album is only available as a CD and was released as a tie-in to Kenny's Love Everybody Musical Medicine Show tour.
 Salmos e Cânticos Espirituais is the third studio album by Trazendo a Arca basead in psalms. Was released in 2009.
 A Hawk and a Hacksaw is the eponymous debut album by A Hawk and a Hacksaw released in July 2002 on Cloud Recordings and re-released in June 2004 on The Leaf Label.The album provided the soundtrack for the documentary Zizek! directed by Astra Taylor wife of Neutral Milk Hotel founder Jeff Mangum (former bandmate of Jeremy Barnes).
 Into the Fire is the fifth studio album by the Canadian rock artist Bryan Adams. Released on March 30 1987 through A&M Records the album was a commercial success albeit somewhat of a disappointment following the huge success of 1984's Reckless. Into the Fire sold over 2 million units worldwide peaking at number 7 on the US Billboard 200 chart and reaching high positions in charts worldwide.
 Tomorrow's World is the fourteenth studio album by English synthpop duo Erasure. The album was released through Mute Records on 3 October 2011 in the UK and 11 October 2011 in North America.
 Petrophonics is the fifth album by Birdsongs of the Mesozoic released on September 19 2000 through Cuneiform Records.
 War Music was Vampire Rodents' first album which was released in 1991 the Dossier record label. It introduced the sound of the band and several of the techniques they would use in their later works such as sound clips and songs in different languages. Daniel has described War Music as being a little primitive but very funny.
 Scatter the Crow is the debut album from Slaves to Gravity. The album was released on March 31 2008. The album has garnered 4 singles each of which also having videos: Big Red Meantime Mr. Regulator and Doll Size.
 Dreamscapes Revisited is an internet-only release of Alphaville's 1999 limited 8-CD compilation Dreamscapes. This release omits 33 of the original's 124 tracks. The track Whales (demo 1) did not appear on Dreamscapes.
 Tiger in the Rain is a jazz vocal album by singer/songwriter Michael Franks released in 1979 on Warner Bros. Records.It is the first album he made that did not use the producing team of Tommy LiPuma Al Schmitt and Lee Hershberg. The album features lots of horns strings vocals and includes a large rhythm section all arranged and produced by John Simon. Franks who is best known for his unique vocal style lends a hand not only on guitar but also on banjo and mandolin.
 Rok Mašina (trans. Rock Machine) is the 1981 debut and the only full-length studio album from former Yugoslav hard rock band Rok Mašina.
 Live Koševo 2004 is the second live album by Bosnian pop musician Dino Merlin released in 2005. The songs were recorded at his live concert from Koševo stadium in Sarajevo which was held on 31 July 2004.
 Further Adventures of Jimmy and Wes is a collaboration album by American jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery and electric organist Jimmy Smith recorded in 1966 (along with Jimmy & Wes: The Dynamic Duo). This is also Montgomery's fourth collaboration album.
 Civil Rites is the tenth studio album by American Christian rock band Resurrection Band (known at this point as REZ) released in 1991.
 Troubadour is the fourth album by JJ Cale released in 1976.
 Cut In Half and Also Double is an extremely rare debut album by Canadian artist Emily Haines that she self-released in about 2000 copies in 1996 in Toronto. The song Carpet contains similar lyrics and vocal melodies to those in Too Little Too Late which she recorded a decade later with her band Metric.
 Push the Heart is the fourth full-length album by American indie-rock band Devics. It was released in March 2006 under Bella Union Records.
 Chapter III was third album released by the band Allure in 2004.
 Nine Destinies and a Downfall is the third full-length studio album by the Norwegian gothic metal band Sirenia. It was released on 23 February 2007 through Nuclear Blast. The enhanced CD of the digipak edition contains a bonus track the video for the song My Mind's Eye and multimedia software.
 Live in Concert is a live album by the noise pop band The Jesus and Mary Chain released in 2003. It contains recordings from two concerts from 1992 and 1995.
 Clicked Singles Best 13 is a compilation album released by L'Arc-en-Ciel on March 14 2001. As the titles suggests it collects previously released singles with the addition of a new track Anemone (written and composed by vocalist Hyde). There are several alternate editions to the one released in Japan which feature either alternately ordered or additional tracks.
 Testify is the sixth studio album by American recording group P.O.D.. It was originally set for a December 2005 release but finally slated for January 24 2006 by Atlantic Records. This is P.O.D.'s first major-label album not produced by Howard Benson. The full album was leaked to file-sharing networks on January 20 2006 just four days before its release.
 Hold On It Hurts is the 1994 debut album by Cornershop. It failed to reach commercial success but went some way in helping the band find its niche in the following years.
 ... De la planète Mars is the first album by IAM produced by Sodi. The album was well received but tentatively due to the few tracks where the rapping was done in English.[citation needed]
 Cinco Diablo is the sixth full-length studio album by American rock group Saliva. It was released on December 16 2008. Its first single was Family Reunion launched onto iTunes on October 28 2008.
 Hissi is the third album by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle. It was released in 1996 by Metamorphos/Captain Trip.
 Native Sense - The New Duets is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton and pianist Chick Corea released in 1997 on the Concord label. The album is the forth studio recording by the duo following Crystal Silence (1972) Duet (1978) and Lyric Suite for Sextet (1982). The album peaked number 25 in the Billboard Top Jazz Albums chart.
 Album is the third studio album by Joan Jett and the second to feature her backing band The Blackhearts. The album was originally released in July 1983. The Cassette Tape version had 2 different issues the first one was issued in a regular black plastic case MCA MCAC-5437] and a second version issued in a red plastic case [MCA MCAC-5445]. The initial black version contained the extra The Rolling Stones banned song Star Star on it as a hidden [unlisted] track at the end of side one.
 Looking for the Light is an album released in 1995 by country music artist Rick Trevino. Although its second single Bobbie Ann Mason was a Top Ten hit on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts in 1995 neither of the album's other singles — Save This One for Me or the title track — reached Top 40.The album was also released in Spanish under the title Un Rayo de Luz (A Ray of Light) with Spanish-language versions of most of the songs on Looking for the Light.
 Carnaval Eletrônico (English: Electronic Carnival) is the seventh studio album by Brazilian singer Daniela Mercury released on June 10 2004 on BMG Brazil.
 Concord Dawn is the debut self-titled album by New Zealand drum and bass group Concord Dawn released in 2000.
 The Years of Decay is the fourth studio album by thrash metal band Overkill released on October 13 1989 through Atlantic and Megaforce Records.
 God Loves Fiasco is the first full-length album by the band Fiasco.
 Death to Music is the third full-length album by the band Nightstick released in 1999 on Relapse Records.
 Blood Songs is a 2004 album from UK singer-songwriter Nick Harper.
 Devil's Train is the second album released by Eric Sardinas.
 Snowden EP was released in 2005. It is Snowden's first EP. It contains early versions of songs which would later be reworked and released on their debut album Anti-Anti such as Victim Card and Kill The Power as well as several exclusive songs.
 Everything is True is a solo album by Australian singer–songwriter Paul Dempsey. Dempsey who rose to fame with his band Something For Kate played every instrument that appears on the album.
 Nothing Above My Shoulders but the Evening is Ray Lynch’s fourth album and reflects Lynch's classical backgroundand features performances by members of The San Francisco Symphony.
 Everything Louder is the tenth studio album by the English heavy metal band Raven released in 1997.
 Satin Doll is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Red Garland which was recorded in 1959 but not released on the Prestige label until 1971.
 Trent Willmon is the eponymous debut album from American country music artist Trent Willmon. Released in 2004 on Columbia Records Nashville it features the singles Beer Man Dixie Rose Deluxe's Honky-Tonk Feed Store Gun Shop Used Car Beer Bait BBQ Barber Shop Laundromat Home Sweet Holiday Inn and The Good Life all of which charted on the Hot Country Songs charts between 2004 and 2005.
 Little Richard's Greatest Hits - Recorded Live! is the second and last album from Little Richard for the Okeh label. A live album it was recorded in the CBS Studios at Hollywood .
 Dark Past is the third studio album by Seattle-based band Brite Futures released on November 1 2011 through Turnout LLC. It was available for purchase through various formats - CD vinyl and digital download. The album also came with an optional package of merchandise which included a t-shirt sunglasses and a poster. This was the final studio album released by the band.
 Humidity (2000) is an album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich. It is a three disc set of live material recorded in 1998.Disc one was recorded on April 2 1998 at Stanford University’s KZSU radio station as part of their annual Day of Noise event. Disc two was recorded on May 9 1998 at the Beyond Music Sound Festival in Venice California.
 Mojo Box is the eighth full-length album by Southern Culture on the Skids.
 Dosti (Urdu: دوستی‎; English translation: friendship) is the second compilation album and seventh overall album of the Pakistani rock band Junoon. The album was released by Virgin Records India in 1998 and was produced by Brian O'Connell and Salman Ahmad. The album includes famous singles such as Dosti Husan Walo Neend Athi Nahin and Chalay Thay Saath.
 Superior Dancing is a series of compilation CD albums dedicated to ballroom dances released by Kondor Musikvertrieb GmbH Germany. They contain music for International Style ballroom dances.1994 CONdisc 101028Jean – 2:52 David Hasselhoff (Waltz) Annabelle – 2:28 Gunter Kallmann Chor (Waltz) See the Day – 4:34 D.C.
 777 is the second studio album by the British ambient dance band System 7. (Confusingly 777 is also the title of the United States' version of System 7's first album System 7.)
 Excuses for Bad Behavior is a two-part album series by Sandra Bernhard. The first album was released in 1991 while the second was released in 2004.
 Bedbugs is a 1993 album by Odds.The album's first single Heterosexual Man was supported by a video that featured the band appearing in drag with members of The Kids in the Hall. It Falls Apart was also a notable single. Jack Hammer features guest appearances by Robert Quine and Warren Zevon. Yes (Means It's Hard to Say No) charted well in many European countries.
 Nagu esimene kord is the tenth album by Estonian rock band Terminaator released in 2006. It features 3 songs from Terminaator's second musical Romeo & Julia. The soundtrack of Romeo & Julia wasn't released under Terminaator's name as it was with Risk. The cover of Nagu esimene kord features the newest look of Terminaator's mascot.
 Goodnight Sweetheart is the debut album of American country music artist David Kersh. It contains the hit singles Breaking Hearts and Taking Names Goodnight Sweetheart Another You and Day In Day Out. Respectively these reached #65 #6 #3 and #11 on Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs). Another You was written Brad Paisley.
 As One is a live album by bassist Richard Davis recorded in 1975 and released on the Muse label.
 Paradisiac is the 2005 album by Belgian rock band Millionaire.
 Virginia Creeper is the third album by American singer-songwriter Grant-Lee Phillips released on 24 February 2004.
 U Turn is an album by Brian McKnight released in 2003.The album takes much inspiration from Brian's split from his wife which can be heard in songs such as Shoulda Woulda Coulda and So Sorry
 Outspoken is the second studio album album from Minnesota-based band For All Those Sleeping released through Fearless Records on June 19 2012 nearly two years after their debut album Cross Your Fingers. The album showcases a much heavier metalcore sound with more prominent usage of unclean vocals and limited use of pop punk style choruses which were featured regularly on the aforementioned debut.
 Make the Music with Your Mouth Biz is a compilation album by Biz Markie. It was released in 2006 on Cold Chillin' Records and was produced by Marley Marl.
 Elektracustika is the ninth studio album by Oficina G3 and the fourth released by MK Music. This album introduces new versions of old songs of the Oficina G3 and brings four new songs.
 We Know What You're Up To is the debut album by Australian dance group Rogue Traders. It was released by Vicious Grooves Virgin in Australia on 5 May 2003 (see 2003 in music). After disappointing sales and poor publicity Rogue Traders was dropped from the label. One of My Kind became a Top 10 hit in Australia the band's first hit anywhere in the world.
 My Claim is the debut solo album by American Hip hop artist Yak Ballz. It was released on Feb 23 2004 on Eastern Conference Records with guest appearances from both Cage and Tame One.
 Butterfly (Chinese: 花蝴蝶) is Taiwanese artist Jolin Tsai's (Chinese: 蔡依林) tenth studio album. It was released on 27 March 2009 by Warner Music Taiwan with a bonus DVD. This is her first studio album after moving from Gold Typhoon (Taiwan) to Warner Music Taiwan.
 Time Will Pronounce: The 1992 Commissions is a 1993 album by Michael Nyman his eighteenth release. Nyman does not perform on the album but he composed all the music produced it and wrote the liner notes. The album contains four compositions each on a separate track.
 Behold the Man is the only album by the band Zion released in 1981. It is best known as the recording debut of Christian singer/songwriter Rich Mullins (1955-1997) who wrote all of the songs on the album. In the late 1970s Mullins left Cincinnati Bible College to work with Zion Ministries. While there he also sang and played in the band which went by the name Zion.
 Black Narcissus is an album by the group Mephista which comprises pianist Sylvie Courvoisier electronic artist Ikue Mori and percussionist Susie Ibarra which was released on the Tzadik label in 2002.
 Flat Tracker is the second studio album released by the Seattle hardcore punk band Zeke. Highly regarded as their best recorded effort. It featured amazing artwork and photos while showcasing Blind Marks mastery of concept. Flat Tracker was released on Scooch Pooch Records in 1996.
 Symphony is the ninth studio album from the English Soprano singer Sarah Brightman released in January 2008 (see 2008 in music). This classical crossover album is a contrast to her previous collaboration with producer Frank Peterson 2003's Harem; using more Gothic influences instead of Eastern.Running was the IAAF's Green Project Charity song which Brightman performed at their 2007 Championships opening ceremonies in Ōsaka Japan.
 Bitch Betta Have My Money is the debut album by rapper AMG released in 1991.
 The Stratus Seekers is an album by George Russell originally released on Riverside in 1962. The album contains performances by Russell with John Pierce David Baker Paul Plummer Don Ellis Steve Swallow and Joe Hunt. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states that The music has its own logic is somewhat difficult to classify yet deserves further attention by jazz historians and analysts.
 Jintara Poonlarp 6 is a luk thung and mor lam album by the Thai singer Jintara Poonlarp. First released on the Grammy Entertainment label it was the 6th album in her first series of recordings and her 6th original album.
 Summer Review EP is a 1998 Fantastic Plastic Machine EP.
 The Melancholy E.P. is an EP by American heavy metal band Iced Earth and was originally released in 1999 as a radio promotion; however some were sold directly to the fans.The EP contains three original Iced Earth songs and two covers: Shooting Star by Bad Company and Electric Funeral by Black Sabbath.Only 1500 hand-numbered copies exist of the first edition.In 2001 the EP was re-released in greater numbers due to demand.
 Absolution Tour is a live video album by English alternative rock band Muse. Released on 12 December 2005 the DVD release documents the band's performance at the 2004 Glastonbury Festival. It also features additional live performances of other Muse songs in the extras section.
 Magnificent! is an album by pianist Barry Harris recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label.
 Beautiful Songs is a compilation in 2003 by S.E.S.. This is S.E.S.' last album. It's made up of their Korean songs but there are more album tracks present than there are singles. This was only released in Japan.
 Taru is an album recorded by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan recorded in 1968 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1980. The album features performances by Morgan Bennie Maupin John Hicks George Benson Reggie Workman and Billy Higgins.
 The Power of Negative Thinking: B-Sides & Rarities is a box set compilation album by the noise pop band The Jesus and Mary Chain released in 2008. As the title proclaims it contains b-sides and rarities from the group's career.
 High Hopes is the eighteenth studio album by American recording artist Bruce Springsteen released on January 14 2014 on Columbia Records. The album was Springsteen's eleventh #1 album in the US placing him third all-time for most #1 albums only behind The Beatles and Jay-Z. It was his tenth #1 in the UK putting him joint fifth all-time and level with The Rolling Stones and U2.The album features Springsteen's regular backing band the E Street Band and guitarist Tom Morello.
 Volume Up is an EP by South Korean girl group 4minute. It features the title track of the same name Volume Up. The EP was released on April 9.
 Loose is a 1972 album by the rock band Crazy Horse the follow-up to their self-titled debut.
 Gravy Deco (The Complete Groovy Decay/Decoy Sessions) is an album by Robyn Hitchcock issued during a spell of intense re-issuing of his work in the mid-1990s. The album's material had surfaced in the early 1980s initially as Groovy Decay and then later substantially remixed as Groovy Decoy.Gravy Deco can therefore be seen as a compilation bringing together all versions of all tracks on a single CD.
 Live! An Evening With Crystal Gayle is the name of a live album/DVD of Crystal Gayle released in 2006.This is also one of Gayle's first live albums. This live album includes some of Gayle's biggest hits from the 70s and 80s like Don't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue When I Dream and Half the Way. It also includes Gayle singing some songs by her sister Country music singer Loretta Lynn like Coal Miner's Daughter (done with her sister Peggy Sue).
 Glory Train: Songs of Faith Worship and Praise is the sixteenth studio album released by American country music artist Randy Travis. It is his fifth album of gospel music and his fifth release for Word Records. The album comprises nineteen covers of traditional and contemporary gospel songs. No singles were released from it.
 Legal Drug Money is the debut album released on June 4 1996 from Hip hop group Lost Boyz featuring members Mr. Cheeks Freaky Tah DJ Spigg Nice and Pretty Lou. The album featured 5 major hits Renee Music Makes Me High Jeeps Lex Coups Bimaz & Benz Get Up and Lifestyles Of The Rich & Shameless. The album sold well peaking at #6 on the Billboard Hot 200 and #1 on the Top R&B/Hip Hop Albums. It was certified Gold by the RIAA on August 7 1996.
 Wardenclyffe Tower is the seventh studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth released in 1992 through Restless Records (United States) and in 1993 through Polydor Records (Japan); a remastered edition was reissued in 2007 through Eidolon Efformation containing three bonus tracks (alternative versions of Tokyo Dream from 1983's Road Games and The-Unmerry-Go-Round from 1985's Metal Fatigue) which were previously only available on the Japanese release.
 Live in Orlando FL is a live album (2CD set) by the band King Crimson released through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in June 2003.The album consists of a recording of a concert at the Kemp Coliseum Orlando USA February 27 1972.
 Jaune is an album by Jean-Pierre Ferland released in 1970. Considered an enduring classic of Canadian and Quebec music the album was named the 71st greatest Canadian album of all time in Bob Mersereau's 2007 book The Top 100 Canadian Albums.
 The Dementia Process is the debut EP by the French deathcore band Eradikal Insane. It was self-released on April 16 2011 in digipack edition and limited to 1000 copies.Track 1 feature vocals by François of Digital Nova
 Bonafide is the debut album by Jon B. The album features Grammy nominated single Someone To Love featuring Babyface. Also features singles Pretty Girl and Isn't It Scary. The album was also certified gold and eventually sold enough to entertain platinum level sales.
 Like Someone in Love is an album by American jazz pianist Horace Parlan featuring performances recorded in 1983 and released on the Danish-based SteepleChase label.
 Heavy Metal Fruit is the name of the fourteenth full-length studio album by the Norwegian band Motorpsycho released on January 18 2010 via Rune Grammofon and Stickman Records. It was released on CD and vinyl and is their third album over the course of the last two years.
 In Place of Real Insight is the second studio album by Karate.
 Hits 3 is third greatest hits album by American rapper Spice 1. It was released April 9 2002 on Mobb Status Entertainment. The album was produced by Ant Banks Blackjack DJ Paul Juicy J Pimp C Al Eaton DJ Squeaky Tony Harmon and Spice 1.
 Professional Dreamers is the fifth album by the Swedish hip hop group Looptroop Rockers. It was released in 2011 by Bad Taste Records. It is the first album released after the comeback of band member CosM.I.C. and the second one released under the name Looptroop Rockers.
 Ne budi me bez razloga (Serbian Cyrillic: Не буди ме без разлога trans. Don't Wake Me Up Without a Good Reason) is an EP from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock musician Rajko Kojić. It is Rajko Kojić's only solo release.The EP was released in 1983 while Rajko Kojić was a member of the band Riblja Čorba. The EP features two Riblja Čorba members as guests: Bora Đorđević on vocals and Vladimir Golubović on drums.The album cover was designed by Jugoslav Vlahović.
 The Sessions Is Listed as In a Relationship is the debut EP from Vancouver Indie rock band The Sessions. Originally meant as an LP they decided to subtract a few songs due to time and cost restraints.
 Julian Plenti Is... Skyscraper is the first solo album released by Paul Banks the lead singer for the band Interpol under the name Julian Plenti. It was released on August 4 2009.The music video for Games for Days was directed by Javier Aguilera and features Emily Haines from Metric.
 Rivermaya: Greatest Hits 2006 is a compilation album by the Filipino music group Rivermaya under Viva Records on 2006. The album turned gold seven days after it was released and is now certified platinum.Posible was the theme song for the 23rd Southeast Asian Games in the Philippines.
 Copperfields is the fifth album by bluegrass group The Dillards.
 Roch Voisine is a 2001 album of Canadian singer Roch Voisine. It is also known as Éponyme (self-titled)It was released in 2 versions:Canadian Version: 1 CD (containing 13 songs)European Version: 1 CD (containing 14 songs)
 Gravity is the third album from Crashcarburn released in 2012.
 What The... is the seventh studio album by American punk rock band Black Flag. The album was originally announced to be released on November 5 2013. However on November 5 What The... was only released through online streaming sources such as Spotify and Rdio and a physical release date was pushed back to December 3 2013.
 Godspeed the Punchline is an LP by Trumans Water. It was released in January 1994 by Homestead Records in the United States and Elemental Records in the UK. This album was preceded by three other Godspeed albums--Godspeed the Static Godspeed the Vortex and Godspeed the Hemorrhage--all of which featured improvised lo-fi music. Godspeed the Punchline can probably be considered the proper studio follow-up to Spasm Smash XXXOXOX Ox & Ass.
 Upwards is a Mercury Music Prize nominated album by British hip hop artist Ty released in 2003 by Big Dada.
 Pajaritos Bravos Muchachitos the fourth album of the Argentinean musician Indio Solari among with the band Los Fundamentalistas del Aire Acondicionado leaded by him. The album includes the participation of musicians Daniel Semilla Bucciarelli Sergio Dawi and Walter Sidotti ex partners of Solari in Patricio Rey y sus Redonditos de Ricota in the last song La pajarita pechiblanca.
 Amour Anarchie (English: Anarchy Love) is a double album by Léo Ferré released in 1970 by Barclay Records. This album is considered as one of his finest. It contains a whole string of Ferré classics. The French edition of Rolling Stone magazine named this album the 24th greatest French rock album (out of 100).
 As Quatro Estações ao Vivo (The Four Seasons Live) is the third live album by Brazilian rock band Legião Urbana released in 2004. It is the fifth and last posthumous album by the band after Renato Russo's death in 1996.It was recorded in São Paulo in the Palestra Itália Stadium on August 11 and 12 1990 during their As Quatro Estações tour. The songs are mostly hits and songs from their latest album (at that time) As Quatro Estações.
 Boombox is a remix album by Finnish singer Robin released on 11 March 2014. Like its parent album Boom Kah Boombox also reached number one on the Finnish Albums Chart.
 Surrender to the Air is the only album from free jazz ensemble Surrender to the Air - an instrumental collective organized by Trey Anastasio of Phish in early 1996.Though never explicitly stated on the record or its notes the album was a sort of tribute to jazz composer and bandleader Sun Ra an Anastasio favorite (several of the performers on Surrender to the Air - Allen Choice and Ray - had performed with Sun Ra).The album has been out of print since 2000.
 Winter Songs Tour Tracks is the fourth EP released by Screaming Trees. The EP was produced by the singer Chris Cornell from Soundgarden.
 No One Rides for Free is Southern Californian stoner rock band Fu Manchu's debut album. This is the only record with Mark Abshire on bass guitar; he was replaced by Brad Davis. Mark Abshire later teamed up with Eddie Glass and Ruben Romano to form the power trio Nebula. This album is produced by later Fu Manchu and then Kyuss drummer Brant Bjork. A 20 year anniversary edition is being released in 2014.
 Best of Rajaton 1999–2009 is a compilation album by Finnish a cappella ensemble Rajaton released in October 2009. It includes some of the group's most popular songs and two previously unreleased tracks: Tosi Lapsellinen Joulusikermä and a cover of the Finnish 1989 Eurovision entry La Dolce Vita. A DVD is also included featuring several live performances and music videos.
 Alive Alone is Mickey Thomas's 1981 album. After joining Jefferson StarshipThomas was still under contract to record a second solo album. Alive Alone was released shortly after the Jefferson Starship album Modern Times and Grace Slick's album Welcome to the Wrecking Ball! but the Thomas album did not enter the Billboard chart at all.
 Undrafted is the debut album by NBA player Troy Hudson under his nickname T-Hud. It featured guests such as Ray J Three 6 Mafia and UGK.
 Sound Event is the third album by the turntablist Rob Swift. It was released on October 2 2002 by Tableturns Records and was produced by Rob Swift D-Styles DJ Radar and DJ Quest. The album was another critical success for Swift. Two singles were released Interview With Colored Man and Sub Level. The underground rappers J-Live Large Professor and Supernatural make guest appearances.
 Barbra:The Ultimate Collection is a compilation album released in 2010 by American singer Barbra Streisand.The album peaked at # 8 in its first week in the UK with sales of 24736In 2011 the album appeared at # 51 in Year End Chart of UK with sales of 231000BPI certified the album Platinum in December 20 2013.In Canada the album peaked # 24 and sold 23357 till March 2013.
 Zlatna Dolina is a soundtrack album of the motion picture Ljeto u zlatnoj dolini compiled by Edo Maajka.
 For the companion album by Current 93 see Thunder Perfect Mind (Current 93 album).Thunder Perfect Mind is an album by the English group Nurse With Wound. It is a sister album to Current 93's album Thunder Perfect Mind released around the same time; some basic sounds and lyrics are shared but the overall sound of each record is very different.
 Delirium is the fourth studio album by folk rock band Capercaillie released in 1991 by Survival Records. It was issued in North America by Valley Entertainment in 2002.
 The Resistance is the fifth studio album by English alternative rock band Muse released in Europe on 14 September 2009 and in North America on 15 September 2009. On its release it topped the album charts in 19 countries. It also debuted at number 3 on the Billboard 200 chart selling 128000 copies during the first week.
 Pink Sparkle is a promotional EP by Australian singer Kylie Minogue. It was given out free at the launch of Minogue's perfume of the same name in several shops in London in July 2010. It features one track from Minogues eleventh studio album Aphrodite b-side of the single All the Lovers and three live tracks recorded in New York and released before on Minogue's live album Live in New York.
 Now Summer 2006 is a compilation CD released by EMI Music Australia in late 2005. Like most Australian summer compilations it is released in December and is meant to carry on throughout January and February (the three months of summer). Now Summer 2006 is the 11th CD in the Australian Now! series.
 Ocean Colour Scene is the eponymous 1992 début album by the British rock group Ocean Colour Scene. It was released during the early Britpop era with far less critical interest than their highly successful second album Moseley Shoals.
 Supersexy Swingin' Sounds is a remix album by White Zombie. It was released through Geffen Records in 1996 and was the band's final album. The Wal-Mart and K-Mart clean version of the album depict the cover model in a blue bikini rather than totally nude.
 L'allieva (The Pupil) is an album by Italian singer Mina released in 2005.The albums pays homage to the songs of Frank Sinatra by whom Mina has been greatly influenced.
 Time Well Wasted is the fourth studio album released by American country music artist Brad Paisley. It was released on August 16 2005 on Arista Nashville. It was the Country Music Association's Album of the Year for 2006.The album produced the singles Alcohol When I Get Where I'm Going The World and She's Everything. Alcohol was a number 4 hit on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts while the other three singles were all Number Ones.
 Lords of the Liverdance is the third album of Finnish psytrance-duo Eraser vs Yöjalka. It was released on June 2006 by Australian record label Faerie Dragon Records.
 Fearful Bones is the debut album of The Courage formerly known as Noah Gundersen & the Courage. The album was recorded in a barn in Sisters Oregon by Matt Lee who mixed and produced the album in the summer of 2010.
 Ship In Your Trip is the debut album of the band Sorrowful Angels. It was recorded between October and December 2008. All music is credited to Dion Christodoulatos and lyrics to Dion Christodoulatos and Kostas Katikos.
 El derecho de vivir en paz (The right to live in peace) is an album by Víctor Jara released in 1971.
 The Story So Far... is a live album recorded and released in 2001 by rock band Mostly Autumn. It was also released on VHS but both formats (CD and VHS) have been discontinued by the band. This album features Rachel Jones (now Cohen) ex-lead vocalist of Karnataka and current lead vocalist of The Reasoning on backing vocals.
 Stevie Wonder Live is a 1970 live album by Stevie Wonder on the Tamla (Motown) label. The second live collection by the singer-songwriter it also was released during the crossroads of Wonder's career as he was about to make unprecedented moves to free himself of the Motown machine that had at the time not allowed him to showcase his singular talents.
 Ralph Tresvant is the self-titled debut album of Ralph Tresvant. The album was released in 1990 by MCA Records and has been certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. It went to number one on the Top R&B Albums chart for two weeks and peaked into the Top 20 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Traversata is a collaborative album by American mandolinist David Grisman Italian classical mandolinist Carlo Aonzo and Italian guitarist Beppe Gambettaplaying guitar and the traditional 14-string harp guitar. It's an impressive collection of Italian-American classical compositions from early 20th century.
 Dil Nasheen is a music album by the Indian singer and Ghazal composer Hariharan released in the year 1988. The album featured 9 songs all of them sung by Hariharan.
 Morbid Latenight Show is the first studio album by Norwegian singer-songwriter Bertine Zetlitz and was released on March 2 1998.　Japan was pre-release on January 28 1998.
 Hot Fuzz: Music from the Motion Picture is the soundtrack album to the 2007 British crime-comedy film Hot Fuzz. The album was released on February 19 2007 in the United Kingdom and on April 17 2007 in the United States and Canada. The UK release contains 22 tracks and the US/Canada release has 14.
 Chain is the third studio album by American rock band from Athens Georgia Pylon released in 1990.
 I've Got My Own Hell to Raise by Bettye LaVette was released September 27 2005 on the label ANTI-. The album comprises covers of songs written by other female artists including Aimee Mann Joan Armatrading Sinéad O'Connor Rosanne Cash Dolly Parton and Fiona Apple whose song Sleep to Dream (1997) contains the album's title within its lyrics. I've Got My Own Hell to Raise was chosen as one of Amazon.com's Top 100 Editor's Picks of 2005.
 Twelve Point Buck is a cover/compilation album by Killdozer released in April 1989 through Touch and Go Records on various formats including LP. CD cassette picture disc LP and a box of five 7 singles on different colors of vinyl.
 Num-Heavymetallic is the fourth and final album by Japanese indie rock band Number Girl. It is produced by Dave Fridmann who also produced the band's preceding album Sappukei. In September 2002 just months after the release of the album the band broke up.
 Land & Sea is the fifth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter and pianist Sarah Slean released on September 27 2011. It is a double album consisting of the more pop-oriented tunes of Land and the mellow and orchestral songs of Sea.The album debuted at #48 in Canada.
 So So Gangsta is the eighth studio album by rapper Daz Dillinger it was released under So So Def Recordings and Virgin Records on September 12 2006. Guest appearances by Ice Cube Snoop Dogg Soopafly Kurupt Rick Ross Jagged Edge Johnta Austin & Avery Storm. The album debuted at number 35 on the Billboard 200 with just over 23000 albums sold its first week.
 Anthology: Down In Birdland was an anthology 2-CD album released by The Manhattan Transfer in 1992 on the Rhino Records label. It was the first album released by the group on this label.This two disc set came with a 52-page booklet that gave an informative history of the group along with numerous photographs which depicted various stages of their history.
 Young Boy Blues is the fourth studio album by Ben E. King and the first of his albums released by Clarion Records a subsidiary of Atlantic Records. It was released in 1964.
 The Light Years is the 16th release and the third compilation album from American Christian rock band Resurrection Band released in 1995.
 Lethal Injection is the fourth studio album by California-based rapper Ice Cube. Similar to the rapper's previous albums it was a commercial hit debuting at #5 on the Billboard 200 with 215000 copies sold in its first week. However it was heavily criticized for what many saw as Cube's pandering to gangsta rap and toning down of the socio-political content found on his earlier efforts. The album's standing has increased over time.
 The Catherine Wheel is David Byrne's musical score commissioned by Twyla Tharp for her dance project. The Catherine Wheel premiered September 22 1981 at the Winter Garden Theatre in New York City.The tracks Big Blue Plymouth My Big Hands Big Business and What a Day That Was were performed live by Talking Heads in 1982 and 1983; the latter two appear in their Stop Making Sense film and What a Day That Was appears on the album.
 Hits (titled ...Hits) released in 1998 and again in 2008 following the success of In the Air Tonight on the Cadbury ad campaign is the only greatest hits collection of Phil Collins studio recordings. The collection included fourteen Top 40 hits including seven American number 1 songs spanning from the albums Face Value (1981) through Dance into the Light (1996).
 Spirit is This Condition's third EP a five-track album recorded in April 2010. It was released on July 27 2010 through online retailers and digital music stores (iTunes) as well as a physical release through the band's online merch store. Recorded in Boonton NJ's The Pilot Studio with producer Rob Freeman whom the band had worked with on three singles in 2009 the album features five new tracks including Go and Stay Right Here.
 A Very New Found Glory Christmas is the third EP by the American rock band New Found Glory. Self-produced by the band it is a special edition Christmas-themed acoustic recording featuring two original songs and three covers. The EP was limited to 2000 pressings and was released via cassette tape on December 1 2012. 1000 white copies were sold on tour and 1000 red copies were sold in their online store.
 feedtime is the debut album of noise rock band feedtime released independently in 1985.
 Steal This is an EP by The Explosion. It was released in 2000 on Revelation Records. Its title is a sarcastic jab at the legal troubles resulting in the EP's recording.[citation needed]The Explosion's bassist Damian Genuardi had played in straight edge hardcore band In My Eyes before founding The Explosion in 1998. In My Eyes were signed to Revelation.
 Electric Earth & Other Elements: Remixes is a remix album released in 2001 by New Zealand band Pitch Black.
 Give Me the Roses While I Live: Their Complete Victor Recordings (1932–1933) is a compilation of recordings made by American country music group the Carter Family released in 1997. It is the sixth of nine compilations released by Rounder Records of the group's Victor recordings.
 Lupercalia is the fifth studio album by English-Irish singer-songwriter Patrick Wolf released on 20 June 2011 by Hideout a subsidiary of Mercury Records.
 Up (2002) is the seventh studio and 13th album overall released by the British musician Peter Gabriel.
 Open Doors Closed Windows was released in 1991 on Ché Records in the UK. It was Disco Inferno's debut album and would be released in the United States four years later as part of the band's compilation album In Debt.
 Princess is the debut music album produced by Pakistani pop singer Annie.
 Contagious is the eighth studio album by American hard rock/heavy metal band Y&T released in 1987 through Geffen Records which like their previous label A&M Records is now a subsidiary of Interscope Records (itself owned by Universal Music Group). It is the first Y&T studio album to feature a different line up since their debut album with Jimmy DeGrasso replacing Leonard Haze on drums after he left the band in 1986.
 Quietdrive is the self-titled album from the American rock band Quietdrive. It is their third studio album and second released under The Militia Group. The album was released on December 14 2010.
 Musical Chairs is the third studio album by the band Hootie & the Blowfish released on September 15 1998. Three singles were released off the album: I Will Wait Only Lonely and Wishing.
 Bring It On: The Best of Jay-Z is a greatest hits compilation album released in 2003 by rapper Jay-Z. It was released in Japan by BMG in 2003 and later re-released in the United Kingdom in 2004 by Camden Records. It features songs from Jay-Z's first three albums. Its songs are presented in chronological order. The album lacks many of Jay-Z's commercially successful singles such as Can I Get A... and instead strives to include Jay-Z's greatest tracks.
 Elliot Minor is the debut album from the English pop rock band Elliot Minor. The album was released on 14 April 2008.
 Results May Vary is the fourth studio album by American rock band Limp Bizkit. Released in 2003 the album is the band's only release under the sole leadership of Fred Durst as guitarist Wes Borland had left the band in 2001. Following Borland's departure the band recorded with Snot guitarist Mike Smith but later had a falling out with Smith leading to much of the material recorded with Smith to be discarded. Despite negative reviews it peaked at No.
 On Your Way Home is the thirteenth album of original recordings by Patty Loveless. Released in 2003 on Epic Records the album produced only one Top 20 country single: a cover of Rodney Crowell's 1992 hit Lovin' All Night (#18). Lovin' All Night would go on to be Loveless' last top 20 hit the album's second single On Your Way Home peaked at #29 marking patty's last appearance in the country top 40.
 Out (In Essence) is the live album by British electronica group Fluke first released in 1991.
 Radiohead for Haiti is a live concert video from Radiohead's concert at the Henry Fonda Theatre Hollywood United States on 24 January 2010.The gig was an unusual one for Radiohead organised quickly by the band as a benefit for Oxfam who were then responding to the devastating 2010 Haiti earthquake of that month. As the band members were in L.A.
 Barking Spiders Live: 1983 is a live album by Australian rock band Cold Chisel. It was recorded during the final performances of their Last Stand tour in 1983 at the Sydney Entertainment Centre. The name of the album derives from a name the band used occasionally when playing warm-up shows before tours. A barking spider is a slang term for flatulence.The album spent 20 weeks in the Australian charts peaking at number 14.
 Normal as the Next Guy is an album released by The Knack in 2001. It marks the 4th comeback attempt by the band after its second album ...But the Little Girls Understand failed to achieve the success of the band's début album.
 Little Children is the second album by the English rock band Billy J. Kramer & The Dakotas. It was released by Imperial Records in the United States in 1964. There never was a British version.
 Take Me to Your Heart Again is a 1982 album by Lulu released on Alfa Records.
 The Book Of Love is the fourteenth studio album by Australian soft rock band Air Supply released in 1997. The album was a serious attempt for the band to penetrate the charts mainly focusing on mature adult contemporary songs. Though the album didn't have any chart entries the singles So Much Love and When I Say have gained critical acclaim in USA although in Asia the single Strong Strong Wind was a big hit.
 Live at Eindhoven is a live EP by Testament released in 1987 on Megaforce Records for Europe in 1987 and the US in 1990. It was recorded at the Dynamo Open Air Festival in Eindhoven Netherlands on June 8 of that year. A remastered version of the album featuring the band's entire performance and new cover artwork was released on April 14 2009.
 Scattered Smothered and Covered is the name of a 2000 album by Hootie and the Blowfish featuring all covers. The album was named in honor of Waffle House a southern restaurant chain. One of Waffle House's advertising campaigns used the phrase scattered smothered and covered a reference to hash browns ordered prepared with onions and cheese.
 Return of the Reaper is the upcoming seventeenth album from German heavy metal band Grave Digger which is scheduled to be released on 11 July 2014 via Napalm Records.
 Born to Be Blue is an album by jazz musician Freddie Hubbard recorded in December 1981 and released on the Pablo label in 1982. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow calls the album fine modern hard bop CD.
 Boujeloud is a CD by the Moroccan Sufi trance musicians Master Musicians of Joujouka.
 Doomsword is the self-titled debut album from the Italian metal band Doomsword released in 1999. A number of its tracks reference fantasy literature such as The Lord of the Rings and Michael Moorcock's Elric Saga. Nadsokor in particular is a reference to the latter. It is also a Cirith Ungol cover.
 Believers is the fourth studio album by American hip hop group ¡Mayday!. The album was released on July 16 2013 by Strange Music. The album features guest appearances from Kardinal Offishall Tech N9ne Irv Da Phenom Anjuli Stars David Correy Stevie Stone and Kendall Morgan.
 Destroy Rock & Roll is the first album by Scottish record producer and DJ Mylo released in 2004. The album was re-released in 2005 containing a new remix of Drop the Pressure called Doctor Pressure (Vs. Miami Sound Machine) which was also released as a single. It was named the 21st best album of the decade by Resident Advisor.
 EARTH070796LIVE is a live album by Earth.
 Songs in the Key of Z is a book and two compilation albums written and compiled by Irwin Chusid. The book and albums explore the field of what Chusid coined as outsider music. Chusid defines outsider music as; crackpot and visionary music where all trails lead essentially one place: over the edge. Chusid's work has brought the music of several leading performers in the outsider genre to wider attention. These include Daniel Johnston Joe Meek Jandek and Wesley Willis.
 Beautiful is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Vivian Green released by E1 Music on April 6 2010 in the United States. The album is heavily produced by Grammy- nominated long-time friend and collaborator Anthony Bell with an addition production cut from Jason Farmer. Beautiful is the album's leading single and was released February 23 2010. The song entitled Jordan's Song is also a dedication to her son.
 She's Not Really Cheatin' (She's Just Gettin' Even) is the 17th album by country singer Moe Bandy (Marion Franklin Bandy Jr.) released in 1982 on the Columbia label and recorded at Sound Emporium and CBS Recording Studios A and B Nashville Tennessee.
 Cooler Conditions is the fourth studio album by Canadian reggae musician Snow. Released only in Japan many of the tracks later appeared on the more widely released Mind on the Moon album. The tracks Someday Somehow Everybody Wants to Be Like You Jimmy Hat and The Plumb Song were remixed and recorded again for the Mind on the Moon release.
 The Business – the Definitive Singles Collection is a 3 disc box set by ska/pop band Madness released in 1993 (see 1993 in music). It contained all the band's singles up until that point with their respective b-sides and other bonus tracks some rare. It also includes a 52 page booklet and snippets of interviews with people associated with Madness between some tracks. The interviews date from around the time of the Keep Moving album and were conducted by John Tobler.
 The Holiday Has Been Cancelled is the first EP from the Mad Caddies. It was released on June 6 2000.
 What If We Were Real is the third studio album by CCM singer Mandisa. The album was released on April 5 2011 on Sparrow Records. This album received a nomination at 54th Grammy Awards for Best Contemporary Christian Music Album.
 My Job Sucks is a comedy album by Donnie Baker which was first released in June 2008. It is a triple disc CD which represents original material recorded during The Bob & Tom Show's syndicated daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.
 After Hours: Forward to Scotland's Past an album by The Battlefield Band was released in 1987 on the Temple Records label.
 She Wolf (Spanish: Loba) is the eighth studio album by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira. It was released on 9 October 2009 by Epic Records and Sony Music Latin. As executive producers Shakira and Amanda Ghost enlisted collaborators including The Neptunes John Hill Wyclef Jean Lukas Burton Future Cut Jerry Duplessis and Timbaland.
 25 Years in Rock... and Still Going Strong is a boxed set of two DVDs and a CD by the German hard rock singer Doro Pesch released in 2010 through Nuclear Blast Records. The first DVD contains the full video of a concert held by Doro in Düsseldorf Germany on 13 December 2008 featuring many guests and friends and celebrating 25 years of the German singer's career. The second DVD features a long documentary with the making of the concert and bonus footage of other Doro's tours and shows.
 Gantz Graf is a three-track EP released by Autechre in 2002 on CD and 12. A special DVD release was made available featuring the Gantz Graf video created by Alex Rutterford as well as the videos for Basscadet (directed by Jess Scott Hunter and edited by D.A. Slade) and Second Bad Vilbel (directed by Chris Cunningham and an updated version from the original) and a slide show of stills from the Gantz Graf video.
 Apocalypse is the second studio album by American musician Thundercat. It was released in July 2013 under the label Brainfeeder. The 7th track on the album Oh Sheit It's X was featured on the Flylo FM station in Grand Theft Auto V. In February 2014 Thundercat released a double video on the MySpace website for the 10th and 11th tracks from the album respectively titled Evangelion and We'll Die which were both directed by the photographer B+ (Brian Cross) who also shot the album art.
 Rely On Me was the debut album of Dutch Idols-winner Boris Titulaer.
 Winter Wonderland! is a Christmas album the fifth studio album by American ska punk band MU330 released on Asian Man Records in 1999. According to Dan Potthast the album came about when MU330 was asked to contribute a Christmas song to a Japanese ska compilation. Rather than just record one song the band decided to write their own holiday-themed music which explains why most of the album consists of original songs.
 Julie Doiron / Okkervil River is an album release a CD split between Julie Doiron and alternative country band Okkervil River was released on July 23 2003.
 The Greatest Hits – Volume 1: 20 Good Vibrations is a 1995 single disc compilation by the Beach Boys and released through Capitol Records. In 1999 after it was certified 2x platinum by the RIAA it was decided to create sequels to the original collection so the release was updated accordingly to reflect this change. The updated version was re-issued on September 21 1999 the same day that its sequel The Greatest Hits – Volume 2: 20 More Good Vibrations appeared.
 Asleep at Heaven's Gate is the third album by the indie rock band Rogue Wave. It was released to average reviews on September 18 2007. It was produced by Roger Moutenot (Yo La Tengo). Lake Michigan the first single from the album was featured in a TV commercial for Microsoft's second-generation Zune music players. It was also featured as one of the daily free songs available to Starbucks customers through iTunes in October 2007.
 In Deep released in 1973 is the 4th studio album by Argent. It features the original full length recording of God Gave Rock and Roll to You which reached No.18 in the UK charts (U.S. #114) when released as a single in edited form later the same year before being remade by Kiss as God Gave Rock 'n' Roll to You II for the film Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey in 1991 when it was a massive worldwide hit.
 Home Improvements is the sixth studio album by Melbourne band My Friend the Chocolate Cake. The album was released in 2007.
 Live at the Gillioz is a limited edition 2 DVD set concert film release by the Country rock band The Ozark Mountain Daredevils. The concert was taped on May 10 11 & 12 2007 at the historic Gillioz Theatre in Springfield Missouri. Relive the best of three unforgettable evenings of music with five of the originals together again after 26 years. Featuring over two hours of classic Daredevils music including new songs never before released.
 Heartworm is an album by the Irish rock group Whipping Boy released on November 1 1995 on Columbia Records. It was recorded between September and November 1994 in Windmill Lane Studios Dublin. On March 17th 2013 Heartworm topped Phantom FM's poll of the top 50 Irish albums of all time.
 Bernstein Plays Brubeck Plays Bernstein is a 1961 album by The Dave Brubeck Quartet and was inspired by the writing of Leonard Bernstein and Stephen Sondheim.The whole first side of the album the composition “Dialogues for Jazz Combo and Orchestra” was composed by Dave Brubeck’s brother Howard Brubeck. The second side consists of arrangements of five of the best known Bernstein/Sondheim tracks from the musical West Side Story.
 This Is Where I Came In is the 23rd and final studio album released by the English rock band the Bee Gees. It was released on 24 April 2001 by Polydor in the UK and Universal in the US just one year and 9 months before Maurice Gibb's death.It is the only album of all-new material released by them on the Universal Music label (which had acquired the rights to the group's releases on Polydor Records when they bought that label's parent PolyGram). The album peaked at No.
 Índigo is the third studio album by the Portuguese pop singer Susana Félix.It was recorded in 2006 and released in that same year. The lead single of the album was Flutuo followed by Concilios Lua Na Ponte Sou Eu and Fintar a Pulsação.
 Dearest Christian I'm So Very Sorry for Bringing You Here. Love Dad is the fourth studio album by American musical duo P.M. Dawn. It was released on October 6 1993 by Gee Street and V2 Records. The album's title refers to bandmember Attrell Cordes's newborn son named Christian.
 Flood is the fourth album from Canadian singer-songwriter Jeremy Fisher. It was released October 25 2010 on Aquarius Records.
 Happily Ever After is a compilation double-LP comprising The Cure albums Seventeen Seconds and Faith; it was a U.S.-only issue by A&M Records. It was briefly released onto CD and cassette in the late 1980s.
 Traveller is a concept album by the American folk/power band The Lord Weird Slough Feg. The album is based on GDW's 1977 science fiction role-playing game Traveller.
 Frobama: Head of State is the ninth studio album released by Afroman. The album was produced by Joseph 'Afroman' Foreman engineered and co-produced by John Junior Smalls Randall and released on May 5 2009.
 Love versus Money was the third and most commercially successful album for Australian rock band Noiseworks. It contained the Top 10 hit Hot Chilli Woman and the Top 20 single Miles And Miles. Amongst the well-known names that contributed to the album were Snap! singer Penny Ford Vika Bull and Michael Hutchence of INXS. The album also contained a tribute to frontman Jon Stevens's late mother who had died from cancer the song was titled R.I.P.
 Little Deuce Coupe is the Beach Boys' fourth album and third overall LP release in 1963. Little Deuce Coupe reached number four in the US during a 46-week chart stay and is certified platinum by the RIAA.
 A Nod Is as Good as a Wink... to a Blind Horse was the third album by British rock group Faces and their second album of 1971. It was their most successful album peaking at #6 in the US and reaching #2 in the UK.
 Big Day Out 03 is an Australian compilation album released to coincide with the Big Day Out music festival in 2003.
 Master Mixes is a remix EP by Duran Duran. This double 12 compilation was released commercially in the United States by Capitol under the production label of Masterdisk Corporation and in Brazil by EMI in 1987.The track listing for each release differed slightly but featured the same unreleased material remixes of Notorious album tracks Vertigo (Do the Demolition) and American Science.
 The Rough Guide to Salsa is a world music compilation album originally released in 1997. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the album gives broad coverage to the salsa genre of Latin America focusing on classic styles. Seven of the fourteen tracks are by Cuban musicians five are Colombian and one each is Venezuelan and American. The compilation was produced by Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network. Liner notes were written by Tom Andrews.
 D's New Attraction (Chinese: D新引力; pinyin: D Xin Ying Li) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Danson Tang's (Chinese: 唐禹哲) second Mandarin studio album. It was released on 16 January 2009 by Avex Taiwan with two album cover versions: D's New Attraction (Gentle Edition) and D's New Attraction (Cool Guy Edition) both with a bonus DVD.
 Chosen Ones is the 2nd live album & 14th album overall by Christian parody band ApologetiX. It was their last album to feature long-time lead guitarist & producer Karl Messner who left in September 2007 to focus on his family.
 Songs About Leaving is a 2002 indie rock album by Carissa's Wierd.
 Lust is the debut album by Belgian electronic band Lords of Acid released in 1991.
 Dizmas is the third full-length album released by Christian rock band Dizmas. The self-titled album is a collection of some of the bands most popular songs plus four new songs titled Yours Save the Day Different and Worth Fighting For. The album was released on April 29 2008 under Forefront Records.
 Floy Joy is a 1972 album released by The Supremes on the Motown label. This was the only Supremes album solely produced and arranged by Smokey Robinson and included the U.S. top 20 hit Floy Joy and the U.S. top 40 hit Automatically Sunshine both of which were top 10 hits in the U.K.
 The Beatific Visions is the second album by Brakes. It was released in November 2006. The Rough Trade Shop named it the fourth best album of the year.
 Akron/Family & Angels of Light is a split album between New York band Akron/Family and Michael Gira's band Angels of Light. It was released on November 8 2005 via Gira's own record label Young God Records.The album features seven original songs by Akron/Family and three original songs by Angels of Light plus a version of Mother/Father (originally performed by Gira's former group Swans from the album The Great Annihilator) and a cover of Bob Dylan's I Pity the Poor Immigrant.
 Let in the Light is a 2007 album by Shannon Wright.
 Linda Ronstadt Stone Poneys and Friends Vol. III is the third and final album by The Stone Poneys. Linda Ronstadt would release her first solo album the following year. The volume number is a reference to this being the third album by the band though with a Roman numeral rather than the Arabic numeral used on the previous album.
 The Bonnie & Clyde EP is an EP by the band The Afghan Whigs.
 Salisbury is the second album released by British rock band Uriah Heep.Although the majority of tracks are clean hard rock more so than on the previous ...Very 'Eavy ...Very 'Umble the album features forays into both jazz-fusion on The Park and square progressive rock on the band's first foray into large-scale composition the 16-minute title track featuring a 24-piece orchestra.
 Gap Band 8 is an album by The Gap Band released in 1986 on Total Experience Records. The album includes the singles Big Fun How Music Came About and Zibble Zibble (Get the Money) (also known as Get Loose Get Funky). The album was expanded and remastered in 2011 by Big Break Records including 6 additional bonus tracks.
 Isaiah First Prophet of Old is a Big Youth album released in 1978.
 It's All True is a compilation album by Sunderland-based laptop folk band J Xaverre featuring collected work from their previously released EPs — Wild Weekend/Nilsong (2000) and Bingo Wings (2001).
 Grey Oceans is the fourth full-length studio album by CocoRosie. It was released in May 2010. It is the band's Sub Pop Records debut since their departure from Touch and Go Records. The album has a different sound to former releases. The production is clearer; the instrumentation is brighter and less electronic. It features a common use of string instruments (mandolin on Trinity's Crying sitar on Smokey Taboo and harp on Gallows) and piano.
 Brasswind is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in late 1973 and early 1974 and released on the Prestige label.
 Habitación Doble (Double Room) is the third studio album from Mexican sister act Ha*Ash. The album was released on August 1 2008. The first single for this album was No Te Quiero Nada and received heavy airplay in Mexico. The second single recorded with Brandi Carlile was Already Home and was picked as the iTunes Single of the Week in late September 2008.
 It Matters to Me is the second album by country artist Faith Hill released in 1995. Certified 4× Multi-Platinum in the U.S. for sales of four million copies it produced five Top Ten hits for Hill on the Hot Country Songs charts: Let's Go to Vegas (#5) the title track (#1) Someone Else's Dream (#3) You Can't Lose Me (#6) and I Can't Do That Anymore (#8).
 A Mediterranean Odysssey is a two-disc collection of the music of Canadian singer composer and multi-instrumentalist Loreena McKennitt. It features a selection of previously unreleased live recordings from her 2009 Mediterranean Tour and a disc of previously released studio recordings selected by McKennitt to complement the project's Mediterranean theme.
 Dry Kids: B-sides 1997–2005 is a compilation album of b-sides by English band Embrace released on 31 October 2005.
 Not a Sound is the debut album by the Des Moines IA band The Nadas.
 Iceburn known later as the Iceburn Collective was a musical group formed in 1991 in Salt Lake City Utah USA by guitarist/vocalist/composer Gentry Densley the sole constant member through multiple personnel changes. They were known for their unique style that combined elements of jazz heavy metal punk and classical music. Releasing albums on Revelation Records and Victory Records Iceburn achieved little mainstream attention but earned critical praise for their unusual music.
 Trust is the second album of the British boy band / pop group Brother Beyond released in 1989 by EMI / Parlophone (later re-released by Gong label). It was their last album since they disbanded shortly after the release of one more single a non-album track called The Girl I Used to Know a minor hit in the USA in 1991.
 I Remember You is the second album by Brian McKnight released in 1995.
 II is the second album of the Hungarian electronic band Compact Disco. It was released in 2011 by Hungarian independent record label CLS Music.
 After Dark 2 is a compilation album featuring artists from the label Italians Do It Better. The album was released on May 17 2013 and produced by Johnny Jewel. It is a sequel to the 2007 album After Dark. Artists and bands featured on the album include Glass Candy Desire Chromatics Mirage Appaloosa Symmetry Twisted Wires Farah and Mike Simonetti.
 Tonight We Ride is the twelfth album by American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey and his first for Warner Bros. Records. Released in 1986 the album was produced by Jim Ed Norman and contains guest performances by Pam Tillis Reggie Young Mark O'Connor Charlie McCoy and J.D. Souther. The album's title track was also its first single. The album peaked at number 46 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Recollection is a greatest hits collection from six-time Dove Award-winning artist Nichole Nordeman. It compiles songs from her albums Wide Eyed This Mystery Woven & Spun and Brave such as Holy (2002) and Why? and also includes two brand new songs Finally Free (the 2007 Women of Faith theme song) and Sunrise. Sunrise which was prereleased as a single on iTunes and other music download services very quickly became a hit on radio[citation needed].
 The Way of the Vaselines: A Complete History is a compilation album by the indie rock band The Vaselines released May 1992 on Sub Pop Records catalogue SP145b. The album compiles every previous release by the band the two EP's Son of A Gun and Dying For It as well as their first long-playing album Dum-Dum in chronological order of release.
 Force The Hand Of Chance was the debut album of English group Psychic TV. The initial 5000 pressings included Themes and a poster.The album spawned the single Just Drifting.
 Half Past Autumn Suite is a 2001 jazz recording released in 2003 by Irvin Mayfield. The work is a tribute to the late photographer and self-taught pianist Gordon Parks who duets with Mayfield on track 9 (Wind Song).
 In the Company of Angels is a studio album from Caedmon's Call. This more than any other previous album by this band features songs of worship.Recorded at:Sunrise Studios - Houston TX (Engineer Bob Boyd)Second Studios - Houston TX (Engineer Bob Boyd)additionally at:Second Baptist Church Houston TX (Engineer Bob Boyd)Recording Arts - Nashville TN (Engineer Ben Witch)Earful Studios - Franklin TN (Engineer Derry Dougherty)
 The 3 Track Demo or the First Demo by Rolo Tomassi is a handmade demo CD-R recorded and released at the beginning of 2005 and was the first release on the band's own label; Mayday. The entire CD-R was recorded inside Edward Dutton's shed.The CD-R was very limited and eventually sold out completely.
 Face to Face is the fourteenth studio album by British rock band Barclay James Harvest released in 1987.The working title for the album whilst recording was in progress was Elements but there was a last-minute change to Face to Face.
 Live And Let Die is the third and final studio album by the American hip hop duo Kool G Rap & DJ Polo which was released November 24 1992 on Cold Chillin'. The album features guest appearances from Ice Cube Big Daddy Kane Scarface and Bushwick Bill. The singles Ill Street Blues and On the Run both received consistent airplay on Yo! MTV Raps and BET's Rap City upon the album's release.Warner Bros.
 Miao... (originally released in China under the title miao... with a lower-case m) is Candy Lo's 1st full studio album. It was released on 2 December 1998 one day after her debut EP. The theme of this album is cat.
 The Trio is a 1973 live album by Oscar Peterson Joe Pass and Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen.At the Grammy Awards of 1975 The Trio won the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Performance by a Group.
 Pop Art is the debut album from UK pop/rock band Transvision Vamp. It was released in 1988 and featured the band's first top ten hit I Want Your Love. The album reached No. 4 in the UK and over in Australia it was the 25th highest selling album of 1989 peaking at number thirteen.
 Road Kill is a pair of live albums released by Celtic rock band Seven Nations in 1998.
 Complete Greatest Hits is a compilation Album by the New Wave band The Cars released in 2002 by Elektra Records and Rhino Records and contains 20 singles in chronological order of their original release.
 Oblivion Hymns is the sixth full-length album by American ambient/post-rock band Hammock. It was released on November 26 2013 through the band's own label Hammock Music.
 Reason is the third album by Officium Triste released in 2004 by Displeased Records.
 Writer's Block is a cover album released by the melodic hardcore band Evergreen Terrace in 2004. It contains mostly covers of songs that influenced the band. The band wrote this in their CD:Yeah we know this isn't our new album. This is just a bunch of covers that we suckered Eulogy into putting out... Hope you enjoy them as much as we do. Roll Deep. - 01/04
 Carpe Dementia is the third studio album by Luke Ski. Released in 1999 the album's artwork is a parody of Insane Clown Posse's Joker's Cards albums the front cover illustration specifically parodying the cover of The Great Milenko. A song from that album House of Horrors is parodied as Rocky Horror.
 Live: Live Those Songs Again is the twelfth album of country music singer Kenny Chesney. His first live album it was released on September 19 2006 via BNA Records. The album includes live renditions of fifteen songs of which eleven were singles.
 Natty Universal Dread 1973–1979 is a 3-CD-Box-set by Big Youth released in 2001.
 The Very Best of the Steve Miller Band is a 1991 German compilation by the Steve Miller Band.
 The Revelation is the third studio album by Japanese rock band coldrain released on April 17 2013.The album will be released worldwide by Hopeless Records in the summer of 2014.
 Three Inches of Blood is a demo album recorded and released by The Unicorns in 2002. Rumor has it that the album was burned onto CD-Rs and given to club owners who let The Unicorns play gigs at their club. Although likely never sold in any form the album can still be found online on various file sharing networks.
 Global is the debut album by Brian Dougans most famous for being part of the British electronica group The Future Sound of London. Far removed from FSOL's ambient techno and trip-hop it is composed largely of US style vocal house including singer Ben Ofoedu most famous for his work with duo Phats & Small in the 1990s. Also contained is the breakthrough acid house single Stakker Humanoid and industrial track Sunshine & Brick featuring FSOL's Gaz Cobain on vocals.
 A Triumph for Man is the first album by Danish band Mew released in April 1997 by the Danish record label Exlibris Musik.Only 2000 copies of the album were printed initially and prices for an original copy have reached upwards of US$200 on auction site eBay.On 18 September 2006 A Triumph for Man was re-released along with a CD with bonus material including demos and acoustic versions of songs.
 A Balloon Called Moaning is the debut mini-album by Welsh Indie Rock band The Joy Formidable. It was originally only released in Japan in December 2008 but in February 2009 the album was released on CD and as a shorter EP version via free digital download on the website Music Glue. The album was released in a unique A3 sheet case.
 Angels of the Apocalypse is the second and upcoming full-length album by Timo Tolkki's metal opera project Avalon to be released on May 16 2014 in Europe and four days later in North America.It is the second part of the trilogy created by Tolkki with the previous album The Land of New Hope being the third part of the storyAs with the previous effort several heavy metal singers were invited to play the characters of the story of the album with female vocalist Elize Ryd of Amaranthe reprising her role and Floor Jansen (Nightwish ReVamp) playing the main character. 
 Only The Strongest Will Survive is the second studio album by British rock band Hurricane #1 released in 1999. All songs were written by Andy Bell except What Do I Know? by Alex Lowe. It made #55 in the UK album charts and the top 20 in Japan.
 On Frail Wings of Vanity and Wax is the debut full length album by Alesana. It was originally released on June 6 2006 by Tragic Hero Records but when the band joined Fearless Records it was re-released on March 20 2007 with two bonus tracks four live videos and an interview with the newer label. The title refers to the Greek myth of Icarus.
 False Start is the sixth album by the American rock band Love released in December 1970.
 Come Along And Ride This Train is a 4-CD box set of Johnny Cash's music. This set brings together all of his uniquely American albums: Ride This Train Blood Sweat and Tears Sings the Ballads of the True West Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian America: A 200-Year Salute in Story and Song From Sea to Shining Sea and The Rambler.
 Sun Power is the second album by Dayton Ohio funk band Sun
 Aja (/ˈeɪʒə/ pronounced like Asia) is the sixth album by the jazz rock band Steely Dan. Originally released in 1977 on ABC Records it became the group's best-selling album. Peaking at No. 3 on the U.S. charts and No. 5 in the United Kingdom it was the band's first platinum album eventually selling over 5 million copies[citation needed]. In July 1978 the album won the Grammy Award for Best Engineered Non-Classical Recording.
 Under Phoenix Phenomenon is the second full-length album by the avant-garde metal band Divina Enema. According to the band the album is based on a diary of a schizophrenic man who wrote about his life and the demons he has seen caused by his schizophrenia until his suicide. The title of the article on the journal depicted on the cover translates to Diary of a Madman.
 Invisible is an EP from Philadelphia's Paint It Black. It was released by No Idea Records on April 2 2013. It was the band's first release since 2009's Surrender.
 Genius + Soul = Jazz is a 1961 album by Ray Charles featuring big band arrangements by Quincy Jones and Ralph Burns. Charles is accompanied by two groups drawn from members of The Count Basie Band and from the ranks of top New York session players. It was recorded at the Rudy Van Gelder Studio in two sessions on December 26 and 27 1960 and originally released on the Impulse! label as Impulse! A–2.The album was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2011.
 Never Going Back is an album from Country singer Collin Raye. The album was released on April 28 2009 through Time Life Entertainment.
 Live European Tour is the first live album by Billy Preston released in 1974 in Europe & Japan. It was recorded during his opening act stint for The Rolling Stones 1973 European Tour featuring Mick Taylor on lead guitar & Preston's own band The God Squad. In 2003 A&M Records released this album in Japan featuring alternative song takes.
 7 sevens.med is a 12 EP by Venetian Snares.
 Plans Within Plans is the ninth studio album by the pop punk band MxPx which was released on April 3 2012. It is their first original album since 2007's Secret Weapon (the longest gap to date between two consecutive MxPx studio releases). The album was released on Rock City Recording Company (MxPx's label) as well as a few others in various countries including Japan (Bullion Records) Europe/UK (Flix Records) and Australia/New Zealand (El Shaddai Records).
 The Solo Guitar of Bola Sete is an album by Brazilian guitarist Bola Sete released in 1965 through Fantasy Records.
 Secret Combination: The Album is the fourth studio album by Greek American singer Kalomira which was released at the end of May 2008 by Heaven Music. The album has 12 tracks written by Konstantinos Pantzis Tasos Vougiatzis and Sunny X.
 Funk Drops is the third album by American jazz vibraphonist Freddie McCoy which was recorded in 1966 for the Prestige label.
 For the literary concept by Roland Barthes see Effect of Reality.Reality Effect is the second album by the British band The Tourists released in 1979. This album received much more favorable reviews than the band's first album with catchier songs and a stronger reliance on the vocals of singer Annie Lennox. The album contained two hit singles So Good to Be Back Home Again (UK #8) and a cover of the 1964 Dusty Springfield song I Only Want to Be With You (UK #4).
 Wow! is 1965 album by Bill Doggett.
 Time of My Life is the fifth studio album by American rock band 3 Doors Down and also their first since 2008's self-titled album. The album was released on July 19 2011 and The album debuted at #3 on the Billboard 200 and sold 59800 copies in its first week of its release. The singles from the album included When You're Young and Every Time You Go. It was the last of the band's albums to feature Matt Roberts and Todd Harrell.
 The Siegel–Schwall Band is an album by the blues-rock group the Siegel–Schwall Band. Released in 1971 it was their fifth album and their first to be released by Wooden Nickel Records. It is not to be confused with the band's 1966 debut album which is also titled The Siegel-Schwall Band.The Siegel–Schwall Band won the 1973 Grammy Award for Best Album Cover. The cover was illustrated by Harvey Dinnerstein with art direction by Acy R. Lehman.
 New Orleans Suite is the eighth studio album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded and released on the Atlantic label in 1970. The album features the final recordings of Johnny Hodges who died between recording sessions. The album won a Grammy Award for Best Jazz Performance by a Big Band in 1971.The suite was commissioned by George Wein for the 1970 New Orleans Jazz Festival.
 Love CPR is the fourth studio album by Swedish singer September. It was released digitally on 14 February 2011 in Sweden by Catchy Tunes with a physical release two days later on the 16th. Producers that worked on the album include Jonas Von Der Burg who worked with September on almost all of her songs Stonebridge Lucas Secon Cutfather and Jaakko Salovaara of Darude fame. The album was mastered by Björn Engelmann at Cutting Room Studios.
 Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray is the fifth studio album by South African post-grunge/alternative metal band Seether. It was the first Seether album to have Troy McLawhorn as the lead guitarist. However he departed from the band just before the album's release to once again become the rhythm guitarist for the band Evanescence. It was released on 17 May 2011 and debuted at #2 on the Billboard 200 in the U.S.
 Skyy is the debut album released by New York City based group Skyy released in 1979 on Salsoul Records.
 Punk Rock is Your Friend: Kung Fu Records Sampler #4 is the fourth compilation album by the Seal Beach California record label Kung Fu Records released in 2003. It features artists signed to the label at the time as well as others who were not signed to the label but had participated in some of their releases such as The Show Must Go Off! live DVD series. It was the first of the label's samplers to use a number in its title as it was the first to repeat the Punk Rock is Your Friend title.
 Acid Monkey is the fourth album from the glam metal band BulletBoys released in 1995. The album marks a change in direction and style after the breakup of the band in 1993 with singer Marq Torien and bassist Lonnie Vencent continuing to release albums under the BulletBoys name. Torien and Vencent were joined by Tommy Pittam on Guitar and Robby Karras on Drums for this album.
 The Art of Tea is a jazz vocal album by Michael Franks released in 1976. After his eponymous album with Brut in 1973 The Art of Tea was Franks' breakout album on a major record label and his first release with Frank Sinatra's Reprise. It was Franks' second studio album prior to Sleeping Gypsy.
 Provision is the third album by the British pop group Scritti Politti release in June 1988.The album was the band's second top ten hit in the UK reaching #8 and was certified Gold by the BPI for 100000 copies shipped.The track Oh Patti (Don't Feel Sorry for Loverboy) features Miles Davis on trumpet whose 1986 album Tutu included a cover of Scritti Politti's Perfect Way from Cupid & Psyche 85. The track Boom! There She Was features Roger Troutman on talk box vocals.
 Live in Montreal is the second live album by the Canadian melodic death metal band Quo Vadis. It was released on May 12 2007.
 Undisputed is a DJ mix album compiled and produced by Deep Dish.
 Cardiphonia is the second album released by onehundredhours. It was released on Soul Survivor's Emerge label in 2002.
 The Very Best of Leo Sayer was a greatest hits compilation album released in 1979. His seventh album it was in the #1 spot in the UK Albums Chart for 3 weeks and in Australia for 1 week. It is his only chart-topper in the UK Albums Chart.
 Dick's Picks Volume 26 is the 26th installment of the Grateful Dead's archival series. It was recorded on April 26 1969 at the Electric Theater in Chicago Illinois and on April 27 1969 at the Labor Temple in Minneapolis Minnesota. It contains a rare cover the Jimmy Reed song I Know It's a Sin.
 Orange is the fourth studio album by the German progressive metal band Dark Suns. This album largely abandons the band's previous style in order to create a more 70's progressive rock vibe similar to Opeth's Heritage which was released in the same year as Orange.
 Live in London is a live album by Canadian singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen. Released March 31 2009 it is his eighteenth album and his first live release since Field Commander Cohen: Tour of 1979 in 2001. It is Cohen's first full concert show release as well as his first released DVD. The album was recorded July 17 2008 at London's O2 Arena and was released in both DVD and as a two-CD set. The album was long listed for the Polaris Music Prize.
 Here We Come A-Caroling is a 1965 album by Ray Conniff. It was recorded in Los Angeles California from July 21–23 1965. In the late 1960s the album was reissued with the title Ray Conniff's Christmas Album and featured a new album cover.
 Jazz is an extended play (EP) record by the comedy rock duo Tenacious D. It is available as a digital EP on iTunes which includes a bonus video The Making of Simply Jazz. Its only physical release was as a limited edition vinyl with a download card for the making of video.
 Infernal is the sixth full-length studio album by the Swedish death metal band Edge of Sanity released by Black Mark Productions on February 5 1997.Dan Swanö's other band Nightingale did a cover version of the song Losing Myself on their album Nightfall Overture.Artistic differences between Swanö and Axelsson were one of the main things that pushed the band apart making Swanö leave after this album (although he did return but by then the band already had split which meant Swanö went by the band name's for the release of Crimson II).
 Kenny G Live is the first live album by saxophonist Kenny G. It was released by Arista Records in 1989 and peaked at number 2 on the Contemporary Jazz Albums chart and number 16 on the Billboard 200.This album was recorded live at Humphrey's Concerts By The Bay in San Diego California. April 2011 8xplatinum RIAA international 34 million.
 Wisdom of Forgiveness is Vusi Mahlasela's second album.
 Out Of The Races and Onto The Tracks is the first legitimate EP by The Rapture. It was released in 2001 before Gabriel Andruzzi had joined the band. The title track was featured in the film The Rules of Attraction.
 Simple Man is a studio album by The Charlie Daniels Band released on October 17 1989.
 Rock Spectacle is the debut live album by Barenaked Ladies (BNL). This was the album that finally broke the American market for BNL with the live version of Brian Wilson and a release of The Old Apartment from Born on a Pirate Ship featuring this live version becoming hits and Rock Spectacle selling over a million copies there alone.
 Deeper Water is an album recorded by Paul Kelly and was released in September 1995 on Mushroom Records in Australia.The album peaked at #40 on the Australian album charts and resulted in a second consecutive nomination for 'Best Male Artist' at the 1995 ARIA Awards.
 GC EP is an EP released by Good Charlotte in 2000 through Daylight EPs before their debut full-length studio album Good Charlotte was released. Only 50 copies of the EP have been made. Each of the songs on the EP made it onto the Good Charlotte album.
 Answers Come in Dreams is an album by Meat Beat Manifesto.
 Time Lost is the third full-length Enchant studio album released in September 1997.
 Long as You're Living is a live album by American jazz drummer Max Roach featuring tracks recorded in West Germany in 1960 and released on the Enja label.
 Tango is the third studio album from Serbian rock band Negative. The album was released in 2004 after Negative won the festival Beovizija and ended up 4th in the final selection of Serbia and Montenegro’s Eurovision Song Contest representative with the song Zbunjena. Just like the title suggests the album introduced a softer more romantic Negative than on previous two albums.
 Home Town Hero is the debut album of Home Town Hero. The band attracted the attention of Maverick Records during the Van's Warped Tour and heavily promoted by Warner Bros. Records. Their single Questions received significant airplay in major American radio markets. Questions was also included in videogame soundtrack for Legends of Wrestling II.
 Benny Goodman in Moscow is a jazz album by Benny Goodman recorded live in Moscow during his tour of the Soviet Union. It was released in December 1962 by RCA Records and topped out at No. 80 on the Billboard Top LPs chart. It was re-released in 2007 on Giants of Jazz Recordings.
 Spanish Angel is a live album by Paul Winter Consort released in 1993 through the record label Living Music. In 1994 the album earned the group a Grammy Award for Best New Age Album.
 Dave Mason is a 1974 album by Dave Mason and was released on the CBS Records label (a subsidiary of Columbia Records). It was reissued on CD on the One Way label in 1995.
 Something Wicked This Way Comes is Cold's third EP and second released in 2000.
 Melrose is an album by Tangerine Dream.This album was released in 1990 on the Private Music label founded by former Tangerine Dream member Peter Baumann. The album further developed the instrumental pop style known from the previous two Private Music albums Optical Race and Lily on the Beach. Edgar Froese's son Jerome for the first time appears on a Tangerine Dream album as a full-time member. This was Paul Haslinger's last album with Tangerine Dream.
 April Kisses is a jazz album by Bucky Pizzarelli released in 1999. The album is a solo guitar album with seven tracks composed by Carl Kress. The title track is an Eddie Lang composition.
 Lucy is the second studio album by Seattle rock band Candlebox. Although the album did not fare as well as its 1993 predecessor the single Simple Lessons received considerable airplay and Lucy eventually achieved gold certification. Four tracks from Lucy would be included on The Best of Candlebox in 2006.
 dios is an album by dios Malos released by Startime International in 2004. This album was chosen as one of Amazon.com's Top 100 Editor's Picks of 2005 (#84).
 Whatever's on Your Mind is the seventh studio album by English indie rock band Gomez. It was released on 6 June 2011 in the UK reaching No. 65 in the UK Albums Chart. It reached No. 81 on the Billboard 200 in the US. The song Options was released as a single prior to the album's release reaching No. 76 in the UK becoming their first song since Girlshapedlovedrug to reach the top 100 in the UK.
 Pressure Cookin' is the third album by American singing trio Labelle released in August 1973. This release was their first and only for RCA Records and was critically raved due to the songs that songwriter and member Nona Hendryx composed. The album is also notable for being the first album released following lead singer Patti LaBelle giving birth to her only child son Zuri Edwards (she recorded the album while still pregnant with Zuri).
 Gilberto Gil (also commonly referred to as Gilberto Gil (Frevo Rasgado) to differentiate it from Gil's other self-titled releases) is the second album by Gilberto Gil originally released in early 1968. The album features a blending of traditional Brazilian styles such as samba and bossa nova with American rock and roll.
 Dead Media is the fourth and currently final album by British indie rock band Hefner. It was originally released in 2001 on Too Pure. A reissue was released on 4 July 2011 which included all the tracks from The Hefner Brain EP the Alan Bean single releases and the Trouble Kid 7 single among other bonus tracks.
 The Remixes is an album by Elvis Crespo.
 Easy Now is the third album by American-born singer/songwriter Jeb Loy Nichols released in 2002 on the Rykodisc record label.
 Fish Inn (1986 Mix) is a remix version of the fourth album Fish Inn by Japanese hardcore punk group The Stalin released on December 21 1986.It was released from Tokuma Onkou. Afterwards it was released again on May 26 1999 it was Degetalrimastaringed on October 22 2003 and it was released again with the paper jacket. In that case one additional collection is done in the bonus track.
 Deep is the third and final studio album from Belfast New Wave/rock band Silent Running released in 1989.
 Third Album for the Sun is the second album by Dissolve released on August 4 1997 through Kranky Records.
 Melted is the third album by American garage rock singer-songwriter Ty Segall. It was released June 15th 2010 on Goner Records on CD/LP formats. The songs My Sunshine and Caesar were officially released as singles and Girlfriend had an official music video.
 Power was the 3rd and final album by Q and Not U. It was released on October 5 2004. After touring in support of the album the group disbanded in September 2005. The album was co-produced by Pete Cafarella and Rafael Cohen (of Supersystem). All tracking was done at The Love Story in Brooklyn NY. The album was mixed with Don Zientara at Inner Ear Studio and mastered by Chad Clark at Silver Sonya.
 Back to the Heavyweight Jam is the sixth studio album by German techno band Scooter released in 1999. It contains two singles Faster Harder Scooter and Fuck the Millennium.After the single release of Fuck the Millennium the album was re-released in December 1999 in limited edition with bonus tracks.The album title is borrowed from a repeated line in one of the versions of the KLF song Last Train to Trancentral.
 The Best of Steely Dan: Then and Now is a compilation album by Steely Dan released in 1993.
 Everybody Happy is the 1988 debut album by Gigolo Aunts released on Coyote Records.
 In Concert is the second official live album by American folk rock duo America released by Capitol Records in July 1985. This was the sixth and last release by America on the Capitol Records label and was the first America album ever issued on the budding compact disc format. This was America's first album that failed to chart.
 He Poos Clouds is the second album by the Canadian indie rock artist Owen Pallett released on June 13 2006 on Blocks Recording Club in Canada and Tomlab internationally.The songs on the album (excluding the fifth and tenth tracks) are loosely connected to the eight schools of magic in the role-playing game Dungeons & Dragons and the title track's lyrics ostensibly refer to the Nintendo video game series The Legend of Zelda as well as The Chronicles of Narnia.
 Johnny Cash: Patriot the 79th overall album by the American singer-songwriter Johnny Cash is a 1991 compilation that collects some of Cash's patriotic songs released on Columbia Records.
 Good People in Times of Evil is the fifth collaborative live album by bassist Jonas Hellborg and guitarist Shawn Lane released on November 10 2000 through Bardo Records. For this lineup they are joined for the first time by percussionist V. Selvaganesh.
 Beast over Hammersmith is a live album by the British Heavy metal band Iron Maiden released on 4 November 2002. Recorded 20 years previously during The Beast On The Road tour at the Hammersmith Odeon the footage was specially co-produced and mixed by Steve Harris and Doug Hall to be a part of the Eddie's Archive box set.
 Realm of Chaos subtitled Slaves to Darkness is Bolt Thrower's second studio album recorded at Loco studios in April 1989 engineered by Tim Lewis. It was mixed at Slaughterhouse Studios in July 1989 and engineered by Colin Richardson. It is produced by Bolt Thrower and Digby Pearson. The cover art work is produced by Games Workshop.
 Love and Theft is the second studio album by Eric Gunderson and Stephen Barker Liles in the American country music duo Love and Theft. It was released on July 24 2012 via RCA Nashville. The album includes the number 1 single Angel Eyes. The album's second single Runnin' Out of Air was released to country radio in November 2012. The album's third single If You Ever Get Lonely was released to country radio on June 3 2013.
 Bleed is the fourth studio album by German heavy metal band Angel Dust released in 1999. The band took a slightly darker direction on the album without losing the power metal melodies they explored with their previous studio album Border of Reality.
 Abaton is a double album by Swiss pianist and composer Sylvie Courvoisier recorded in 2002 and featuring one disc of compositiions and one of improvised music.
 Sexy Stream Liner is the tenth album by Buck-Tick their first on Mercury Music Entertainment released on December 10 1997. It reached number four on the Oricon chart.
 Doggy Bag is the second studio album by American rapper Lil' Bow Wow. It was released on December 18 2001 by So So Def Recordings and Columbia Records which produced by Jermaine Dupri. Two singles released: The first single Thank You which samples The Cars' song I'm Not the One and Take Ya Home was released as the second single.The album debuted at number eleven on the US Billboard 200 chart with 320000 copies sold in the first week released.
 Piano Reductions Vol. 1: Performed by Mike Keneally is an instrumental album produced by Steve Vai. This is an album of 11 solo acoustic piano interpretations of Vai songs by fellow Zappa alumnus Mike Keneally.This Is Volume 6 in The Secret Jewel Box.
 New Riders of the Purple Sage is the self-titled debut album by the American country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage. It was released by Columbia Records in 1971 and reached number 39 on the Billboard charts.New Riders of the Purple Sage is the only studio album by the New Riders to feature co-founder Jerry Garcia of the Grateful Dead on pedal steel guitar.
 The Dangerous Minds Soundtrack is the official soundtrack to the 1995 film Dangerous Minds. The album was released on CD and cassette in 1995 on MCA Records.The soundtrack topped the Billboard 200 chart in 1995. By December 1995 it was certified triple platinum in sales by the RIAA after sales exceeding 3000000 copies in the United States.
 Rhythm and Blues is the ninth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and their third on the Elektra label. The album features performances by Hamiet Bluiett Julius Hemphill Oliver Lake and David Murray and was first released in 1989.
 Blues is a posthumous compilation album by musician Jimi Hendrix released April 26 1994 on MCA Records. The album contains eleven blues songs recorded by Hendrix between 1966 and 1970. Out of these eleven six were previously unreleased. The tracks include seven of Hendrix's compositions along with covers of famous blues songs such as Born Under a Bad Sign and Mannish Boy. Most of the album's material consists of leftover studio tapes that Hendrix might have never intended to release.
 Songs for Silent Movies is an EP by Something Corporate released on May 27 2003 only in Japan. It features several tracks off earlier releases that were unavailable in Japan like Little and Walking by (from Audioboxer (2001)) Konstantine (from Welcome to the Family) and Forget December (from A Santa Cause: It's a Punk Rock Christmas) as well as live and acoustic material.
 Alien Boy was the seventh song on the Wipers first album Is This Real? (Park Ave Records) released in 1979. Alien Boy is also the title of a 1980 EP with this track on side A and three outtakes from the Is This Real? album sessions on side B. The EP was originally released without the band's authority or knowledge. In 1993 the tracks were added to the Sub Pop reissue of the album Is This Real?.
 Circle in the Round is an album by jazz musician Miles Davis. It collects outtakes from a variety of sessions.Despite its lack of unity Circle in the Round was an essential release in that apart from 1950s recordings with Davis's quintet and sextet it documented key moments in his career until then unknown to the record-buying public.
 Rip It Out is an extended play album by American rock band thelastplaceyoulook. It was released on December 30 2013 and produced by thelastplaceyoulook and Matt Novesky. The first single is Rip it Out and also features a rock cover of Miley Cyrus' Wrecking Ball.
 Kind of Glue is the second album by Satellites LV released in 2001.Kind of Glue features many guest musicians including legendary Latvian trumpeter Gunārs Rozenbergs and drummer Haralds Bondaris. The album received critical acclaim in Latvia and was also played in several radio stations in Europe (VPRO – Night Train (Holland) Studio Brussels. Recording is considered to be the first ever published post-rock album in Latvia. The album cover features a drawing Blue Screens by Edgars Žilde.
 In The Name Of Satan is the first EP by the Indian black metal band Solar Deity. It was released on April 1 2012 and was recorded at Midicore Studios.
 Mer' end kærlighed is the second studio album by the Danish singer-songwriter Rasmus Seebach released on 17 October 2011 at ArtPeople label as a follow-up to the hugely successful debut album Rasmus Seebach. The album received platinum for 20000 copies ordered the same day as it went on sale on iTunes.It hit the official Danish Singles Chart at #1 on week 43/2011 dated 28 October 2011.
 Let Me Come Home is the third album by Doghouse Records recording artist Limbeck. It was released in 2005.
 War Metal Battle Master is the third studio album by the Chicago-based sludge/thrash metal band Lair of the Minotaur. There was a music video recorded for the title track which was directed by Gary Smithson.
 Probot was a heavy metal side project of ex-Nirvana drummer and Foo Fighters guitarist and lead-singer Dave Grohl. An album was recorded out of the material and released in February 2004. It featured one single entitled Centuries of Sin/The Emerald Law.
 A Woman Like Me is a studio album by American singer Bettye LaVette released on January 21 2003 by Blues Express. It was her first U.S. release in 20 years and was recorded by LaVette with producer and songwriter Dennis Walker.
 Old Material 1984–1986 is a 1989 album by Spirit of the West.It was the band's final release for Stony Plain Records. Side one of the album includes five tracks from their out-of-print 1984 album Spirit of the West and side two presents a 1986 live performance from the Vancouver East Cultural Centre.
 Show's Just Begun is MC Mong's fourth album which was released 17 months after his third album The Way I Am on April 17 2008. MC Mong took part in composing writing arranging and producing all tracks on this album. The first title track off this album was Circus followed by Feel Crazy. As the title of his fourth album suggests the concept for this album revolves around a circus theme.
 Schwingungen is the second album by the Krautrock band Ash Ra Tempel. It was released in 1972 on Ohr. It has been re-released four times most recently in 2011 on MG Art Records.
 Vargstenen (English: The Wolf Stone) is the fifth studio album release by viking metal band Månegarm. It was released in 2007.
 The Crack is The Ruts first album released in 1979 and containing the UK hit singles: Babylon's Burning (Number seven on the UK chart in June 1979) and Something That I Said (No. 29 in September 1979).
 Pelican (sometimes referred to as Untitled) is the debut EP by American post-metal band Pelican. It was originally released as a demo in 2001 before the band signed to Hydra Head Records who re-released it in 2003.Mammoth was extended and re-released as Pink Mammoth on their Pink Mammoth EP.
 The Darkest Hour Is Just Before Dawn is the first album of The Birdwatcher the alias used by Dan Matz.
 The Singles Collection Volume 4 is a limited edition CD series compilation box set by the English rock band Queen the fourth and last set in the collection.
 Chronicles of the Juice Man is the debut solo album by American rapper Juicy J released on July 16 2002. The album features former fellow Three 6 Mafia members Crunchy Black and Lord Infamous as well as Three 6 Mafia associate and brother of Juicy J Project Pat. Many of the lyrics on the album refer to the then-recent incarceration of Project Pat.
 Ruleta is the second album from singer Zayra Alvarez. It was first released in 2004 by Brando Records and distributed by Sony International. This version contained only Spanish language songs.Following Zayra's appearances on Rockstar: Supernova where her song Lluvia de Mar was the only Spanish language song in the competition the album was re-released in September 2006. This version features a significantly different tracklisting and artwork.
 Baby I'm Back is the third solo album of James J.T. Taylor. The album includes hits Baby I'm Back and Prove My Love. This album was released by MCA Records in 1993.
 Loops from the Bergerie is an album by the group Swayzak. The title of this album comes from the soundtrack for the sixties French movie Les Loups Dans La Bergerie.
 Our Long Road Home is the fourth studio album and third independent album by alternative metal band Taproot and was released on September 16 2008. The album is Taproot's first independent release since 1999's Upon Us and was released through Velvet Hammer the label founded by the eponymous management company that has worked with bands such as System of a Down Deftones Alice in Chains.
 In Vogue is the debut album of Colorado band Drop Dead Gorgeous.
 Rejoice is the fifth album by Welsh mezzo-soprano Katherine Jenkins released on 19 November 2007 in the UK. It charted at number 3 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Ett bedårande barn av sin tid is a 2006 album from Swedish pop and rock artist Magnus Uggla. The album contains covers of Karl Gerhard songs.
 Ritual (Ritual) is the fifth album by Argentine rock band Los Piojos released in 1999.
 Prophets Seers & Sages: The Angels of the Ages is the second studio album by Tyrannosaurus Rex comprising Marc Bolan (vocals guitar) and Steve Peregrin Took (bongos African drums kazoo pixiephone Chinese gong). It was released on 14 October 1968 but failed to chart upon first release. The album was paired with the first Tyrannosaurus Rex album My People Were Fair and Had Sky in Their Hair...
 Archie Shepp Live in San Francisco is a live album by Archie Shepp released on Impulse! Records in 1966. The album contains a performance recorded by Shepp Roswell Rudd Donald Garrett Lewis Worrell and Beaver Harris at the Both/And Club in San Francisco CA on February 19 1966.
 Rock the House is the debut album from the hip hop duo DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince. The album was released on March 19 1987 in the United States and was subsequently re-issued in 1988 in Europe and the United Kingdom. The album had a total of three singles released from it — The Magnificent Jazzy Jeff A Touch of Jazz and Girls Ain't Nothing But Trouble.
 7 Park Avenue is the first of two posthumous CD releases of demo material recorded by Badfinger's Pete Ham. The recordings are taken from various eras beginning with compositions he wrote during his years with The Iveys from 1967 to 1969 and running throughout his tenure with Badfinger ending with his death in 1975.The majority of these recordings were made on The Iveys' Sound-On-Sound Revox mono tape machine. Many of the songs highlight Ham playing all the instruments.
 Deeper Rhythms: The House Sessions Vol 1 is a collection of club-oriented dance music songs that featured exclusively American artists. CeCe Peniston is probably the biggest name of the album whose song He Loves Me 2 was released also on single peaking at number twenty-four on the U.S. Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart.
 Freeway is a five-track EP by English dubstep artist Flux Pavilion. It was released on 11 November 2013. He also completed a tour under the same name with Datsik and Roksonix to promote the release.
 Kollection is a music documentary about English pop band The Korgis. It was released in 2005 simultaneously with the CD by the same name Kollection. The acoustic concert especially recorded for this DVD was issued on CD in 2006 as Unplugged. The 2006 re-issue of the DVD also includes video Something About The Beatles. In 2009 the 2006 version of the Kollection DVD was re-released as a CD/DVD combo under the title Something About The Korgis.
 RCA Thesaurus is the title of a series of phonographic albums on the RCA Victorlabel featuring outstanding transcriptions of classical music and popular compositions fromthe 1950s. They were produced under the musical direction of Ben Selvin during the 1950s in New York City for RCA Victor and were broadcast over the NBC radio network. The noted musician John Serry Sr. recorded several of his arrangements for this collection with his ensemble The Bel-Cordions in 1954.
 Walk The River is the third full-length album from the British indie rock band Guillemots. It was released on 18 April 2011 in the United Kingdom and reached number 26 on the UK Albums Chart. The album has been preceded by the releases of two tracks: first single off the album The Basket and a free download of the album's title track via the band's official website.
 Tormented is the debut studio album by American rock band Staind self-released in 1996. The album was originally only available in limited quantities in New England United States with the original release limited to 4000 copies. There are cassette pressings of the album but only two are known to exist making it impossible to find a copy. One was autographed by the band and was later sold on eBay for a thousand dollars.
 Metal Gear Solid: Portable Ops Original Soundtrack is the official soundtrack for Metal Gear Solid: Portable Ops released for Sony's PlayStation Portable. The soundtrack contains 44 tracks composed by: Akihiro Honda Kazuma Jinnouchi Nobuko Toda Takahiro Izutani Norihiko Hibino & Yoshitaka Suzuki. The soundtrack was released on December 20 2006.
 ST11261 (1974) was the sixth album released by Brewer & Shipley.The album's title refers to its Capitol Records catalog number a device previously used by Peter Paul & Mary (Album 1700 1967) and which would later be used for albums released by Dave Davies (AFL1-3603 1980) and Yes (90125 1983).Stephen Stills's band Manassas recorded Brewer's song Bound to Fall for their 1972 debut album two years in advance of its appearance on ST11261.
 Bad Dude in Love is an album released independently on Joe Mama Records in 1985 by Mark Oliver Everett (credited without his middle name) later to become leader of the band Eels. Five hundred copies were made and most were distributed to friends and for promotion. The album was discovered at large when it was put up for auction on eBay in 2005; it was quickly removed from the site before the auction finished with no explanation.
 All Things New is the first studio album by the Christian Contemporary-Americana-Folk-Southern pop band All Things New which was released on April 9 2013 by BEC Recordings and the producers on the album were Casey Brown and Jonathan Smith.
 The Wanderer is an album released in 1997 by O.A.R. The album was recorded at Gizmo Recording Company in Silver Spring Maryland with engineer/producer Gantt Kushner while the band was still in high school and without a record label. The original album artwork and design was conceived of by Jed Tamarkin. The name Of A Revolution was too long to make into a logo so Jed shortened it to simply the acronym O.A.R. its first use as a reference to the band.
 Lead Vocalist is a compilation album released by Rod Stewart on February 22 1993 (see 1993 in music). It was released by Warner Bros. Records in the UK (WX 503) and Germany (WEA 9362 45258-1/2) but was never released in the US. Three songs from this album either had previously or would be released as singles: “Tom Traubert's Blues” “Shotgun Wedding” and “Ruby Tuesday”.
 Home and Away Hits is the fourth soundtrack album to Australian soap opera Home and Away released in late 2002. [1] Taxiride - Creepin' Up Slowly Waikiki - Here Comes September Disco Montego (Featuring Katie Underwood) - Beautiful Rockmelons (Featuring Jeremy) - All I Want is You Bec Cartwright - All Seats Taken Wicked Beat Sound System - Brand New Day Natalie Dunn - Come on Now Scott Cain - Get Back in the Groove Origene - Sanctuary On Inc.
 State to State 2 is an album by electronic music group 808 State which was released in 2002. It was only available with the opti buk DVD.
 Cre~Olé: The Best of Kid Creole & the Coconuts is the first compilation album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts. It was released in 1984 and reached number twenty-one on the UK Albums Chart. It includes the single Don't Take My Coconuts.
 Country Was is the first full-length album by The Avett Brothers released in 2002. It was recorded by Pat Gauthier in Marshville NC in January 2002 with copies burned and hand-assembled by members of the band. Long out of print Country Was was remastered and digitally rereleased on February 10 2009. The album features two different album covers depending on purchase date one of Scott Avett and another of Seth Avett.
 Yume wo Kanaete Doraemon (夢をかなえてドラえもん) is a soundtrack based on Doraemon TV series which was released on June 2007. The song Yume wo Kanaete Doraemon is featured on the opening of the Doraemon TV series on May 2007 to present. Odore Dore Dora Doraemon Ondo (踊れ・どれ・ドラ　ドラえもん音頭) is featured on the endings on June 29 2007 to August 10 2007 and July 18 2008.
 Munia (The Tale) (also stylized as Munia: The Tale) is the third studio album by Cameroonian jazz bassist and musician Richard Bona. It was released on September 22 2003 through Universal Music France.
 The Vigil is an album recorded by Chick Corea and released sixth of August 2013. In the Billboard Jazz albums charts the album peaked number 4.
 Supreme Beings of Leisure is an album released by Supreme Beings of Leisure an electronic/trip-hop band in 2000.
 Exploring The Axis is the first full-length album by Thin White Rope.
 Future 2 Future is the forty-third album by Herbie Hancock.
 Venezuela is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan composer/arranger/conductor Aldemaro Romero released in 1958 under contract with RCA Victor. This album was part of a very successful series of records featuring Venezuelan folk pieces starting in 1955 with Dinner in Caracas.
 Made in Hong Kong (And in Various Other Places) is the title of a live / compilation CD/DVD by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish released on 11 March 2009.The album contains a CD and a DVD - the CD consists of eight songs recorded live during their Dark Passion Play tour in 2008 two tracks previously released as b-sides and a previously unreleased demo version of Cadence of Her Last Breath predating Anette Olzon's joining the band and thus sung by bassist Marco Hietala (as were all the demos from Dark Passion Play). 
 Magic Dirt is an album by Australian alternative rock band Magic Dirt released in the U.S. on the Dirt label. It compiles the band's first two Australian-released EPs Signs of Satanic Youth and Life Was Better along with additional tracks.
 Love Crimes is the debut album by R&B duo Ruff Endz. It contains the singles No More and Where Does Love Go from Here. It peaked at No. 52 on the Billboard 200 and No. 19 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 EIHN (Everything Is Healing Nicely) is an album by Frank Zappa posthumously released through the Zappa Family Trust in December 1999. It features recordings made with the Ensemble Modern in preparation for The Yellow Shark (1993).
 Before the Dawn was the second album by jazz/R&B singer Patrice Rushen. While 1974's Prelusion was essentially a straight-ahead record with fusion references 1975's Before the Dawn album was essentially a fusion album. With this album Rushen brings a fusion of R&B pop and rock elements to her jazz foundation.The album included the song What's the Story which was the only song that did not have a jazz artist's sound; it has a more funk tune which features singer Josie James.
 Why Do Fools Fall in Love is the soundtrack to the 1998 film Why Do Fools Fall in Love. It was executive produced by Missy Elliott and released on September 8 1998 through Elektra Records East West Records and Missy Elliott's label The Goldmind Inc. The soundtrack featured main production by Elliott and Timbaland.
 Also known as Super Hits of the '70s: Have a Nice Day Volume 16 or Super Hits of the '70s Volume 16.
 Greatest Hits Vol. 1 is Rod Stewart's 1979 Warner Bros. Records best-of compilation.
 Picnic – A Breath of Fresh Air is a sampler issued by the Harvest Records label originally released in 1970 and notable for including the previously unreleased Pink Floyd song Embryo.The similarly-entitled A Breath of Fresh Air – A Harvest Records Anthology 1969–1974 released on 14 May 2007 borrowed most of the original title but had only three tracks in common with its precursor (Pink Floyd's Embryo Panama Limited's Round and Round and Quatermass' Black Sheep of the Family).
 Stereophonic Musical Listenings That Have Been Origin in Moving Film Borat: Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan is the soundtrack to the 2006 mockumentary film Borat released by (the heretofore nonexistent) Kuzçek Records in association with Downtown and Atlantic Records. The soundtrack was released digitally through the iTunes Store on October 24 2006 and in stores and through other online music stores on Tuesday October 31 2006.
 Blood Ritual is the second album by the Swiss heavy metal band Samael released in 1992 on the Century Media Records label.
 Spirit Moves is the 29th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the Greenleaf Music label in 2009 and features Douglas band Brass Ecstasy.
 The Emancipation of Mimi is the tenth studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey released in the United States on April 12 2005 through Island Records. Following the relatively poor critical and commercial reception to her eighth and ninth studio albums Glitter (2001) and Charmbracelet (2002) The Emancipation of Mimi was considered Carey's comeback album by critics and became her highest-selling release in the US in a decade.
 Painting is the tenth studio album by Ocean Colour Scene released on 11 February 2013.The album charted at #49 in its first week of release. This was the band's worst charting album since their début over twenty years ago.
 Diecast Sampler is a sampler by the Boston-based metalcore music group Diecast. The sampler was self-released by the band in 1999. It contains two new songs two songs from Undo the Wicked and one song from the hard-to-find demo Perpetual War.
 Family Tree is a 2007 compilation album of home recordings by English singer/songwriter Nick Drake. The album is notable for the appearance of Nick's sister Gabrielle on one track and the contribution of two original songs performed by Nick's mother Molly Drake. Recorded before the release of his first album Five Leaves Left most of the tracks on the album circulated on bootlegs in the years before official release due to the generosity of Drake's family in sharing them with fans.
 The First Days of Spring is the second studio album by the English band Noah and the Whale. It was released on 31 August 2009. The band began playing the new material at concerts in 2009 to a favourable response. The First Days of Spring notably differs from Noah and the Whale's debut album Peaceful the World Lays Me Down by the presence of a running narrative describing the break-up of a relationship and by the lack of female vocals.
 Oltre is the EP the solo debut of the singer Italian Emma Marrone published on March 16 2010 from label Universal Music. The album was a great success reaching the first position in the standings in Italy and was subsequently certified Double Platinum. Was the second best-selling album in Italy in 2010. The lead single of the album Calore was later certified Platinum disc.
 Sounding a Mosaic is the second album from the Canadian rock band Bedouin Soundclash. The album was released on September 7 2004. Recorded in Montreal and produced by Darryl Jenifer of Bad Brains the album has spawned the hit single When the Night Feels My Song which reached #1 on the Canadian singles chart. The albums had two more singles Shelter and Gyasi Went Home. The album was certified platinum by the CRIA with over 100000 copies sold across Canada.
 Puppet Strings is the fifth studio album by American rock band Fuel. Released March 4 2014 it is their first studio effort since 2003's Natural Selection to feature original lead singer Brett Scallions and the first Fuel album not to feature original songwriter/guitarist Carl Bell and bassist Jeff Abercrombie. Additionally no one who participated in the recording of Fuel's previous album Angels & Devils participated in the recording of Puppet Strings.
 Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits compilation released by American country music band Diamond Rio. The tracks How Your Love Makes Me Feel and Imagine That are new to this compilation and both were released as singles. All of the other tracks from this album are reprised from the band's first four albums.
 Live from the Middle East is an album by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones. It was released on October 20 1998 by Mercury Records. This album was recorded live in Cambridge Massachusetts at The Middle East Restaurant and Nightclub. The show was part of the Bosstones' annual end-of-the-year Hometown Throwdown and is composed of highlights from the five shows the Bosstones played at the Hometown Throwdown that year.
 Intifaxa is an album by Muslimgauze released simultaneously on CD and cassette in 1990 by the Australian label Extreme Records. The cassette version contains two additional songs not found on the CD Fatah and Hama. Hama was later includsed on the CD Infidel.
 On My Way is a 2010 album of previously unreleased Phil Ochs performances originally recorded in 1963 by Roy Connors of The Highwaymen.
 Pretty on the Inside is the debut studio album by American alternative rock band Hole released on September 17 1991 in the United States on Caroline Records.<span id=ref_A />[1] It was Hole's first major release after the band's formation in 1989 and features vocalist and rhythm guitarist Courtney Love lead guitarist Eric Erlandson bassist Jill Emery and drummer Caroline Rue.Produced by Sonic Youth vocalist and bassist Kim Gordon and Gumball frontman Don Fleming Pretty on the Inside was sonically influenced by noise rock and hardcore punk featuring distorted and alternating guitar riffs screaming vocals and sloppy punk ethics. 
 Resets is a compilation album of remixes made by various artists of songs found on the 2005 Presets album Beams. It was released in limited quantities.
 The Legendary Demos is a compilation album by Carole King released on April 24 2012. It includes thirteen demo recordings ranging in time from Crying in the Rain (1962) to six tracks that appeared on King's 1971 hit album Tapestry.
 Electric Wizard is the debut album by the doom metal band Electric Wizard. It was released during 1995 through Rise Above Records. The music is in the style of traditional doom metal with some stoner metal traits. The album cover depicts a woman riding a winged seahorse across a psychedelic ocean floor which has been decorated with stone statues.
 Beef or Chicken is the first album by Teriyaki Boyz released November 16 2006 on BAPE Sounds/Def Jam. The album includes the group's first single HeartBreaker and was produced by a variety of renowned hip hop producers including Mark Ronson The Neptunes Just Blaze and DJ Premier.
 Best Selection is a compilation album by the British band Japan released in 1994 by BMG Victor Inc. This is Japanese compilation of Hansa-Ariola era tracks including the whole Live In Japan EP.Catalogue number: BVCP-2606
 Sweet 19 Blues is Namie Amuro's first original studio album under the avex trax label her first with producer Tetsuya Komuro and her second album overall. The success of the album helped Amuro accomplish feats never realized by a solo female artist and made her one of the most popular and successful Japanese artists of all time. Amuro along with her landmark album changed the landscape of Japanese pop music influencing everything from music style to performance and even fashion.
 A Rock and Roll Christmas is a rock album collected by Billy Squier that was released in 1994. It contains many Christmas-themed rock songs from the '50s '60s '70s and '80s by various artists; the only song that Squier added was his Christmas is the Time to Say I Love You.
 Bleuphoria is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Rahsaan Patterson released July 19 2011 on Artistry Music. It is his latest release on the label. Production for Bleuphoria was handled primarily by Patterson and long-time collaborators Jamey Jaz and Keith Crouch. The album feature singers' Jody Watley Shanice Wilson Faith Evans and Lalah Hathaway also his cover of Frank Sinatra's I Only Have Eyes For You.
 Disc-Overy is the debut studio album by the British rapper Tinie Tempah released in the United Kingdom on 1 October 2010 by Parlophone Records. The original album track list includes Kelly Rowland Ellie Goulding Labrinth Emeli Sandé Eric Turner Wiz Khalifa Swedish House Mafia and Range. Disc-Overy uses predominantly upbeat dance-orientated production with lyrics concerning fame youth and love.
 A Good Enough Day is the second album by Canadian singer-songwriter Royal Wood released in 2007 on Dead Daisy Records.
 Specs Appeal is the tenth rock album by British instrumental (and sometimes vocal) group The Shadows released in 1975 through Columbia (EMI).
 Io tu noi tutti (Me you us everybody) is the 10th album by Italian singer and songwriter Lucio Battisti. It was released in March 1977 by Numero Uno.
 End Titles... Stories for Film is the fourth studio album from British electronic music act Unkle inspired by feature films created since Unkle's previous 2007 album War Stories released on 7 July 2008 (2008-07-07). The album follows a title and a mixed soundscape after Unkle's 2005 mix album Edit Music for a Film: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack Reconstruction but unlike that composed entirely of original material.
 Yin-Yang is the third album released by Victor Wooten.The track Pretty Little Lady has a vocal line that was recorded backwards and then played in reverse so that it appears to sound normal. This is an example of phonetic reversal.There is video of the recording of Zenergy and Resolution found on Victor Wooten and Carter Beauford Making Music.
 Closer is sixth full-length album by Christian music singer Susan Ashton. It was released in 1999 on Capitol Records. It was her only disc for the label. It was produced by Emory Gordy Jr.. The album contains songs written by Diane Warren Matraca Berg and Kim Richey. Ashton herself only co-wrote one song here Think of Me.Three singles were released with the Warren-penned Faith of the Heart being first. It peaked at No.
 To See You is American artist Harry Connick Jr.'s album of love songs recorded with a symphony orchestra released in 1997. The inspiration for this was a flight attendant really Connick says. She asked if I had any romantic records and I thought maybe it was time to do a romantic album.Connick toured the United States and Europe with a full symphony orchestra backing him and his piano in each city.
 Maiden Voyage is the fifth album led by jazz musician Herbie Hancock and was recorded by Rudy Van Gelder on May 17 1965 for Blue Note Records. It was issued as BLP 4195 and BST 84195. It is a concept album aimed at creating an oceanic atmosphere. Many of the track titles refer to marine biology or the sea and the musicians develop the concept through their use of space and almost tidal dynamics.
 Through These Reins and Gone is the 2006 debut release from The Felice Brothers.
 U ogledalu (English: In the Mirror) is a 2004 album by Serbian pop singer Ana Stanić. It was released in 2004.The album contains 10 songs. One of the producers was popular Montenegrin pop singer and producer Vlado Georgiev. Her first hit-single off the album titled Pogrešan was published under the label BK Sound but after a while Ana's made a transfer into City Records and surprisingly published her album and rest of the singles from it under this label.
 Club Life: Volume Two Miami is the seventh mix compilation by Dutch disc jockey and music producer Tiësto released on April 21 2012. The second installment of the Club Life series the album serves as a homage to the nightlife of Miami Florida a city renowned for being a focal point for electronic music.
 The Man! is the second solo album by Leroy Hutson.
 Police Doggy is an EP release by Parliament-Funkadelic/P-Funk All-Stars. The EP was released on February 10 1995 by P-Vine Records. The EP also features a collaboration with the Scottish rock group Primal Scream. Police Doggy has never been released outside of Japan. Conceptually Police Doggy continues the theme that originated on the P-Funk All-Stars album Dope Dogs.
 Godard/Spillane is a compilation album by American composer and saxophonist/multi-instrumentalist John Zorn consisting of music created through Zorn's file-card compositional process.
 Hope is the twelfth album in the live praise and worship series of Christian Contemporary music by Hillsong Church.
 'FIDLAR' is the debut studio album by California skate punk band FIDLAR released January 1 2013 through Dine Alone Records in Canada January 22 2013 through Mom + Pop Music in the US and on February 1 2013 through Wichita Recordings in the UK. The album peaked at No. 5 on Billboard magazine's Top Heatseekers chart.Ahead of its official release the album premiered on Pitchfork Media's Advance streaming service.
 C'mon Let's Pretend is an album by Swedish rock group Sahara Hotnights released in 1999. It went on the win two Grammis. (A Swedish equivalent to an American Grammy.)
 Un Nuevo Dia' redirects here. For the television series see Un Nuevo Día.Un Nuevo Dia is the fourth studio album and second Spanish language album by Frankie J. Released on June 13 2006 Un Nuevo Dia spawned the hit single Pensando En Ti.Although only charting at #196 on the Billboard 200 chart the album did exceptionally well on the Latin charts peaking at #9. Un Nuevo Dia has since been certified Gold.
 Tarte is the debut studio album from the American indie and dark cabaret artist Majandra Delfino who releases records under the name Majandra. It was released in 2007.All songs were written by Majandra.
 The iconic avant-garde score to the film Alien was composed by Jerry Goldsmith and is considered by some to be one of his best most visceral scores. Rather than focusing on themes Goldsmith creates a bleak and dissonant soundscape that fits the film's dark and intense atmosphere with only a few romantic cues.
 Songs from Northern Britain is the sixth studio album by Scottish alternative rock band Teenage Fanclub released in 1997.In his book 31 Songs Nick Hornby names Songs from Northern Britain as one of his favourite albums. He names the introduction to the book after Your Love Is the Place Where I Come From and also praises Ain't That Enough.
 Still is a compilation album by Joy Division consisting of previously released and unreleased studio material and a live recording of Joy Division's last concert performed at Birmingham University. It was released on 8 October 1981 through record label Factory.
 The Bright Orange Years is a 1985 record from the band Volcano Suns.The alternative title to Truth Is Stranger Than Fishing was Nietzsche's Nuts.[citation needed]In 2009 the album was remastered by engineer Bob Weston and reissued by Merge Records with bonus tracks.
 Apocalyptic Love is the second studio album by former Guns N' Roses lead guitarist Slash. The album features Slash's band consisting of vocalist Myles Kennedy bassist Todd Kerns and drummer Brent Fitz (collectively referred to as Myles Kennedy and The Conspirators). Produced by Eric Valentine it was released on May 22 2012.
 Let's Build a Fire is the third album released by +/-. It was first released in Taiwan by white wabbit records in November 2005 and in Japan by & Records on December 14 2005. A revised version of the album was released by Absolutely Kosher Records in the USA on October 24 2006.The influential American online publication Pitchfork Media ignited a controversy in November 2006 when it reviewed the Taiwanese version of the album by mistake.
 Good Friends is singer-songwriter Livingston Taylor's ninth album released in 1993.
 Origin Edition is the first album of the third-wave ska band Suburban Legends. It was released in 1999 in Los Angeles California as a CD to sell at early shows of the band. It is considered a fun demo to many because of the recording quality album and because it was burned from a computer and the artwork was photocopied. There are few copies in existence (although it can be found on the internet) and it is highly sought after by Suburban Legends fans.
 The Pick the Sickle and the Shovel released October 14 1997 is the second album by the Gravediggaz an influential horrorcore hip hop supergroup. The album has a more socially conscious sound to it and is considerably more calm than its predecessor and features heavy production input by the RZA and his production team The Wu Elements. Prince Paul was barely involved in the making of this album although he did produce the outro and the skit preceding Hidden Emotions.
 Fifteen Quiet Years is a compilation album by American math rock band Rodan released on June 11 2013 through Quarterstick Records. It consists of several tracks originally released only on compilations as well as recordings from the band's BBC session with John Peel. All the songs have been newly mastered by Bob Weston for their inclusion in Fifteen Quiet Years. All formats include a digital download of ten bonus live tracks.
 Winter in America is a studio album by American recording artist Gil Scott-Heron and musician Brian Jackson released in May 1974 on Strata-East Records. They recorded the album during September to October 1973 at D&B Sound Studio in Silver Spring Maryland. While Jackson's piano-based arrangements were rooted in jazz and the blues their stripped-down production for the album resulted in a reliance on more traditional African and R&B sounds.
 They Can't Take These Away From Me is a 1976 studio album by Fred Astaire.This was Astaire's last solo studio album and the second of the three albums he recorded for Ken Barnes and United Artists Records.
 Employment is the debut album by English indie rock band Kaiser Chiefs released in March 2005 on B-Unique Records. Employment takes its inspirations from the Britpop and New Wave movements 70's-era punk rock and Beach Boys-esque West Coast music. Originally the album charted at number three in the UK Albums Chart on 13 March 2005 but charted at number two almost a year after its release due to the band's success at the Brit Awards.
 Survivors is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach recorded in 1984 for the Italian Soul Note label.
 42 Ultimate Hits is a compilation album by American country music artist Kenny Rogers. It was released in 2004 via Capitol Nashville. The album peaked at number 6 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Lifehouse is the eponymous third album by the group Lifehouse which was released on March 22 2005 through Geffen Records.It debuted at #10 on the Billboard 200 selling 63000 copies in its first week of release and was certified Gold by the RIAA on September 7 2005. Lifehouse has sold 895000 units in the US and over three million worldwide to date.[citation needed]
 Clan Destiny is the nineteenth album from rock band Wishbone Ash. It is the first album to feature guitarist Muddy Manninen who replaced his student Ben Granfelt in 2004.
 The Essential Gloria Estefan is the seventh compilation album released by American singer Gloria Estefan but is the twentieth-eighth album overall released in 2006. It is part of Sony BMG's The Essential series.The album included a special bonus interview by Internet in which Estefan's talks about every song of the album.On August 31 2010 the album was reissued with a bonus disc and retitled Essential 3.0.
 Ukukhanya Kwelanga was the fifth studio release by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo. It is notable as being the first religious album recorded by the group following leader and director Joseph Shabalala's conversion to Christianity.
 I'll Try Something New is the third Tamla (Motown) album by The Miracles. The title track was an important early single for the group featuring Smokey Robinson's lead voice a chorus led by his wife Claudette and an orchestra of strings.
 iTunes Live from SoHo is a live EP by New Zealand singer-songwriter Ladyhawke recorded in SoHo New York and released on 4 May 2010.
 Feast of the Hunter’s Moon is the debut album by Portland Oregon-based bluegrass band Black Prairie released in 2010 on Sugar Hill Records.
 Freestyle 4x4 Vol. 1 is an album released in 2005; it consists of newly recorded versions of freestyle songs and freestyle idols such as Stevie B and Collage and Aby and Denine and its saying 4 Great Artist 4 Great Tracks.
 Brindavanam is the soundtrack to the 2010 Telugu romance film of the same name directed by Vamsi Paidipally and starring N. T. Rama Rao Jr. Samantha Ruth Prabhu and Kajal Aggarwal. The soundtrack album originally includes eight tracks composed by S. Thaman and was released on September 12 2010. The release coincided with a promotional event held at Shilpakala Vedika in Hyderabad India. The Album was officially released by Aditya Music one of the prominent Music companies in South India.
 Nešto lijepo treba da se desi (trans. Something good needs to happen) is the fourth studio album released by the former Yugoslavia's Merlin band. The album was released in 1989.Of all the tracks on this album only the song Ne plači mati did not make it as a Greatest Hit. The most famous song on this album is Bosnom behar probeharao. The other hit song was Kad zamirišu jorgovani which was also a hit for Vesna Zmijanac. The last single of this album was Je l' Sarajevo gdje je nekad bilo?
 Live in Punkow is a compilation album of live material released by CCCP Fedeli alla linea in 1996 after the band were disbanded in 1991. The songs were recorded live during the 80s.
 Cursed Unshaven and Misbehavin': Live Infinity is a live album by American mathcore band The Dillinger Escape Plan. It is a live album with songs from Under the Running Board and Calculating Infinity released on 7 vinyl. The album is a rarity and not often included in their discography. It was released on black white grey marble and possibly other colours of vinyl.The songs were recorded in October 2000 somewhere on tour with The Misfits and were recorded on an ADAT machine.
 Saudades is the name of the debut double-disc album released by Trio Beyond in 2006 on ECM records. Saudades is a Portuguese word meaning sadness or longing for times past or in a musical context blues.
 The Road Home is a live album released in 1995 the fourteenth album overall by the rock group Heart. It chronicles a club performance in the unplugged style given in their home city of Seattle. It was produced by John Paul Jones of Led Zeppelin and contains acoustic versions of many of the band's hits including Alone Barracuda and Dreamboat Annie. The album reached number eighty-seven on the U.S.
 Los Hombres Calientes is the self-titled debut album by the New Orleans-based Afro-Cuban jazz group co-led by trumpeter Irvin Mayfield and percussionist Bill Summers. Though no longer performing with the group drummer Jason Marsalis of the famous Marsalis family appears on this album.
 All's Well That Ends Well is an album by the Welsh psychedelic/progressive rock band Man and was recorded live at London's Roundhouse before the Man's split in 1976.
 School Days is the fourth album by jazz fusion bassist Stanley Clarke. The album reached number 34 in the Billboard 200 chart and number 2 in the Jazz Albums chart.
 Viva el Príncipe (English: Long Live the Prince) is the thirteenth studio album by Mexican recording artist Cristian Castro released on November 30 2010 by Universal Music Latino. It is a tribute album to Mexican singer José José Castro's musical idol. The album was produced by Rafael Pérez-Botija who also produced for José José. Viva el Príncipe covers twelve songs by José José and includes a poem recited by Castro's idol.
 Conscious Roots (full title: Conscious Roots: The Awakening of the Aotearoa roots movement) was released in 2004. The album is the 1st edition of the (NZ) series.Conscious Roots comprises a mixture of classic roots fused styles genre busters and beautiful raw acoustic songs. It showcases the growing full band live roots music scene in Aotearoa / New Zealand.
 Live 1969 is a live album by Simon & Garfunkel released through Columbia Records. It consists of live recordings captured on the duo's final North American tour prior to the release of their Bridge Over Troubled Water album.
 Talking Heads: 77 is the debut album by Talking Heads released in 1977. The single Psycho Killer reached #92 on the Billboard Hot 100 Chart. In 2003 the album was ranked #290 on Rolling Stone magazine's The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list. In his 1995 book The Alternative Music Almanac Alan Cross placed it in the #5 spot on his 10 Classic Alternative Albums list.
 Sound of Defeat is an EP by alternative rock band Until June. The album was released on May 19 2009 on Authentik Artists.
 Hold On I'm Comin' is the 1966 debut album by Atlantic Records soul duo Sam and Dave issued on the Atlantic-distributed Stax label in 1966.The album reached number one on the Billboard Black Albums chart and number 45 on the Billboard 200 launching three charting singles. The title track peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot Black Singles chart and at number 21 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Anthology (styled as ANThology) is the second album by Alien Ant Farm released on March 6 2001 in the USA and March 19 2001 in Australia and the UK. It is the first major label album of the band. Similarly to how their debut album was entitled Greatest Hits the album is in fact not a compilation album.Smooth Criminal was released as downloadable content for the Rock Band series of video games on May 5 2009.
 Tales Told is British singer/songwriter Ian Broudie's debut release staging a return to his roots with traditional instruments - real drums acoustic guitars and fiddles with no studio trickery.
 The Berry Vest of Gilbert O'Sullivan is a compilation album by Gilbert O'Sullivan released in 2004. The songs are composed and performed by Gilbert O'Sullivan.
 Our Time in Eden is a 1992 album by 10000 Maniacs. It is their sixth studio album and their last studio album with the original lead singer Natalie Merchant. The album included her future replacement Mary Ramsey on viola on such tracks as Stockton Gala Days Jezebel and How You've Grown. Singles released from the album were These Are Days Candy Everybody Wants and Few and Far Between.
 Utter Madness is a greatest hits album by the British pop band Madness released in 1986 at the time of their original split. It is a sequel of sorts to their earlier compilation Complete Madness (meaning the completed title is interpreted by some fans as Complete and Utter Madness) and comprises songs from the latter half of their career. The new single (Waiting For) The Ghost Train which would become the band's final single of the 1980s is featured here.
 3 Track EP is a 2007 release from indie rock band Straylight Run. The album contains the three tracks that were released as Newbury Comics bonus tracks from their 2007 album The Needles the Space.
 Chilled is a 1999 EP by Chicane featuring remixes of some of his earlier singles.
 Celebrando Al Príncipe (Celebrating the Prince) is a compilation album by Mexican pop singer Cristian Castro released by Universal Music Latino on November 13 2012. The album follows the productions ofViva el Príncipe and Mi Amigo El Príncipe where Castro in which covers José José's songs whom Castro considers his musical idol. The album contains thirteen songs from both of the previous albums as well as two new covers: Mi Vida and Pero Me Hiciste Tuyo.
 Isolation is the fifth studio album by Toto released on October 18 1984. This was one of two albums the band made with Fergie Frederiksen as the primary vocalist the other being their soundtrack to Dune. Isolation failed to achieve the popularity of its predecessor Toto IV although it achieved gold record status and gave the band their highest charting mainstream rock single Stranger in Town (No. 7).
 Workout is an album by jazz tenor saxophonist Hank Mobley released on the Blue Note label in 1961. It features performances by Mobley Wynton Kelly Paul Chambers Grant Green and Philly Joe Jones. The album was identified by Scott Yanow in his Allmusic essay Hard Bop as one of the 17 Essential Hard Bop Recordings.
 Celtic Woman 4 is the fourth release in a compilation series from Valley Entertainment that began in 1998. The album brings songs both original and traditional from CDs released in Ireland Scotland and England to the United States. It features many accomplished Celtic artists including Karen Matheson (of Capercaillie) Julie Fowlis Kate Rusby Back of the Moon and more.
 Once Upon a Time in America is the debut album by rapper Smoothe da Hustler. It was released on March 19 1996 through Profile Records and was entirely produced by New York City-based producer DR Period. The album was met with positive reviews but failed to sell well only making in to 93 on the Billboard 200 while faring better on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums peaking at 11. The album produced two singles Hustler's Theme and Broken Language.
 The Blue Velvet soundtrack by Angelo Badalamenti is a dark combination of classic composition and vintage/modern pop songs which mirrors the film's un-stated timeless setting envisioned by David Lynch and unsettling neo-noir atmosphere. Thus the film has become noted for its diverse musical selections.
 Changing All the Time is the second studio album by British rock band Smokey released in 1975.In order to avoid confusion with soul legend Smokey Robinson the band announced on 22 November 1975 that they would modify the spelling of their name from Smokey to Smokie.
 More Than Words is the first EP by the new members of Menudo containing four songs that will be included on their debut album. The new group is made up by Jose (16) Chris (16) Emmanuel (18) Monti (20) and Carlos (19). The new Menudo sound will have an urban/pop/rock feel in English and Spanish. The new group's first single for the EP and the album will be More Than Words (A E I O U).The EP was released on December 18. It is being sold exclusively at Target retail stores nationwide.
 Then & Now: The Hits Collection is the second greatest-hits collection from American country music artist Tracy Lawrence. It is composed several hits from his previous albums as well as the newly recorded tracks Used to the Pain and If I Don't Make It Back. Both of these were released as singles peaking at numbers 35 and 42 respectively on the country charts.
 A Little Moonlight is an album by Dianne Reeves released in 2003.A Little Moonlight won Reeves her third consecutive Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Album.
 Ways of Meaning is a full length vinyl digital download and art edition album from Canadian composer Kyle Bobby Dunn. It was recorded at Bunce Cake studios in Brooklyn by the composer in 2010. The recordings are mostly quiet songs that are shorter in length from his earlier material and the 2010 release A Young Person's Guide to Kyle Bobby Dunn.
 The second EP from German Synthpop band Neuroticfish.
 Keep Loving (simplified Chinese: 我们都能幸福着; traditional Chinese: 我們都能幸福著) is the 6th studio album by Claire Kuo. It was released on 7 December 2012 by Linfair Records.
 Road Scholars is the second live album by the American jazz group Spyro Gyra released in 1998 on the GRP label. This album reached #6 on Billboard's Contemporary Jazz chart.
 Play Dusty for Me is the second solo album by British singer and songwriter David Westlake. This album's sound has something in common with the Pale Blue Eyes/Sunday Morning Velvet Underground.
 Invasion de la privacidad (Invasion of the Privacy) is the third studio album recorded by Puerto Rican singer Eddie Santiago released in 1988. The album became his third number-one album on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart.
 The Paris Collection is a live album by progressive rock band Camel released 30 October 2001. Keyboardist Guy LeBlanc took vocal duties from Andy Latimer due to the latter's illness.
 The First Decade (1983–1993) is a compilation album from Christian recording artist Michael W. Smith. This album also features two new songs Do You Dream of Me? and Kentucky Rose. A follow-up compilation album The Second Decade (1993–2003) was released ten years later picking up where The First Decade left off.
 Terminal Terror is the fifth full-length album release by the German Thrash metal band Holy Moses.
 Illud Divinum Insanus is the eighth studio album by American death metal band Morbid Angel. It was released on June 7 2011 by independent French record label Season of Mist. It is Morbid Angel's first album since Heretic (2003) the band's longest gap to date between studio albums.
 Favourites/The Very Best Of is the second compilation album by Mike + The Mechanics. It was produced for the Swedish market and includes a remixed version of a 1995 b-side song You Never Change.
 Still Electric is the Primitive Radio Gods' third album released independently through their official site in early 2003. Still Electric once again shifts the general sound of the band this time towards more shoegazing-esque alternative laden with heavily layered guitars.Still Electric was released in two editions: The first run limited to only a hundred copies were all numbered and signed by the band. This edition was released in early 2003.
 Succumbs was R.E.M.'s first commercially available full-length movie. Released in October 1987 by UNI/A&M it contains video footage shot by R.E.M.'s lead singer Michael Stipe dating back to the mid-1980s while the band was still recording under the I.R.S. Records label. Stipe collaborated with local Athens Georgia artist James Herbert for some tracks.For fans who came to know R.E.M.
 Trial is the eighteenth studio album by Japanese alternative rock band The Pillows. It was released on January 18 2012.
 Five Serpent's Teeth is the third album by the English thrash metal band Evile. It was released on 26 September 2011 in Europe and on 18 October 2011 in North America The album was produced by Russ Russell (Napalm Death Dimmu Borgir) at Parlour Studios Kettering England. It is the first album not to feature original bassist Mike Alexander who died while on tour just weeks after the release of Infected Nations. It is the first album to feature bassist Joel Graham.
 Next Big Thing is a studio album from American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 2003 on MCA Nashville and it features four singles: the title track Someday Young Man's Town and In These Last Few Days. These respectively reached #17 #31 #44 and #51 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts in 2003.
 Now! is a 1963 album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Stitt his first of two albums released by Impulse! Records.
 Seven & Seven is a compilation album by Richard Marx. It was released exclusively through QVC with Marx's Christmas Spirit album. The first set of seven songs are hit singles from the early years of Marx's career. The second set of seven songs are live songs.
 Roy Clark & Joe Pass Play Hank Williams is an album by American guitarists Roy Clark and Joe Pass released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).Producer Ralph Jungheim came up with concept of putting Clark and Pass in the studio together. He first approached Clark who readily agreed calling Pass my idol. Pass agreed for what would turn out to be his last session.Blues for Hank is an unaccompanied solo by Pass.The St.
 Epilogue is a special release album from Korean hip-hop group Epik High. The album is a collection of unreleased tracks from the group's discography spanning 7 years and 11 albums. It is also the first album released without DJ Tukutz due to his departure for the Korean military in October 2009.Epilogue debuted #1 on the U.S.
 Thank Christ for the Bomb is the third studio album recorded by The Groundhogs in 1970 originally released by Liberty Records. It was engineered by Martin Birch who had previously worked on albums by Jeff Beck Deep Purple Fleetwood Mac and Peter Green.
 Magic Hour is the fourth studio album by the American group Scissor Sisters released on May 25 2012 by Polydor Records. The first single from the album was initially Shady Love but was later replaced by Only the Horses co-produced by recording artist and DJ Calvin Harris which entered and peaked at number twelve on the UK Singles Chart.
 High Stakes & Dangerous Men is the thirteenth album by British hard rock band UFO released in February 1992.
 Silence of Another Kind is the third studio album by the band Paatos.
 Draíocht is the debut album by Irish composer musician and songwriter Dave Flynn. It was released in 2006 through Frisbee Records and distributed through CDBaby.
 To Sell the Truth is a studio album by the American punk rock band Youth Brigade released in 1996. This was the band's only album so far recorded as a four piece adding future Social Distortion member Jonny 2 Bags Wickersham as the second guitarist. As of today it is the band's most recent studio album released under the Youth Brigade name.
 Volcano Songs is the tenth album by Meredith Monk released on March 11 1997 through ECM New Series.
 The More You Do It is the third album by soul singer Ronnie Dyson. Released in 1976 produced by Chuck Jackson and Marvin Yancy.
 Shōso Strip (勝訴ストリップ Lawsuit Winning Strip) is Ringo Sheena's second album released on March 31 2000 by Toshiba EMI. The limited edition version includes a special booklet and case. The album debuted at #1 and has sold over 2332000 copies. It was certified two million copies by the RIAJ.
 In Between Evolution is the ninth full-length album by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip. It was recorded at Studio X in Seattle and was released June 29 2004. The album debuted at #1 in Canada selling 22500 copies in its first week. However sales of the album dropped by 50 percent the following week. The album was certified Platinum in Canada in September 2004.One of the major themes of this album is the response to the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
 Four Now is the thirteenth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and their first on the Canadian Justin Time label. The album features performances by Hamiet Bluiett John Purcell Oliver Lake and David Murray with guests Chief Bey Mor Thiam and Mar Gueye on African drums.
 The Collection was released in 2004 and is a compilation album of British rock band New Model Army songs.
 Good to See You Again Alice Cooper is a 1974 feature film starring Alice Cooper. The movie primarily features live concert footage of the Alice Cooper band on their record-breaking Billion Dollar Babies tour filmed in Texas in April 1973 with some footage from other tour stops including the Memorial Coliseum Portland Oregon intercut with 'comedy' scenes of a German film director chasing the Cooper gang for revenge after they abandoned his would-be masterpiece movie.
 The Rutles Archaeology is an album by the comedy band The Rutles. Like their previous release the album contains pastiches of Beatles' songs.Three of the four musicians who had created the soundtrack for the 1978 film — Neil Innes John Halsey and Ricky Fataar — reunited in 1996 and recorded a second album Archaeology an affectionate send-up of The Beatles Anthology albums (although its original cover design rather parodied that of The Beatles' Past Masters singles compilation).
 Politics is Sébastien Tellier's second album released in 2004. It features prominent drumming provided by Tony Allen. The songs are sung in English German and Spanish.
 Breakaway is a studio album by Scottish duo Gallagher and Lyle.
 El Fenómeno (English: The Phenomenon) is the first studio album by the Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Arcángel released on December 9 2008 by Machete Music.
 And the Forests Dream Eternally is the debut EP by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth. It was released in August 1994 through Italian label Enthopy Records.The EP was recorded in July 1994 in Warrior Studio.Pure Evil and Hate is a tribute to Bathory.
 The Hole Truth... and Nothing Butt is the first compilation album by American punk band Butthole Surfers officially released in March 1995. All songs were written by the Butthole Surfers except for Come Together and Hurdy Gurdy Man.The album was originally released on CD in 1994 by bootleg label Totonka Records. A collection of previously unbooted material put together by a fan it offers a mix of studio demos and live recordings as well as a portion of a radio interview.
 Cup of Sand is a double-sized collection of singles B-sides and various rarities (including an Adam Ant cover and a David Bowie cover) released by Superchunk in 2003. The accompanying booklet is particularly meaty as band members Mac McCaughan Jim Wilbur Laura Ballance and Jon Wurster weigh in with what they remember (or don't remember) about the songs.The song Does Your Hometown Care? was on the soundtrack to the 1997 film Suburbia.
 Devil's Music is the sixth studio album by Swedish band Teddybears released March 24 2010 on Sony Music. It was released in the United States on June 21 2011 with a slightly altered track listing Robyn replacing Maipei as the featured artist on Cardiac Arrest and B.o.B replacing Desmond Forster on Get Mama a House.
 Tanglewood Tree is a 2000 album by American folk duo Dave Carter and Tracy Grammer.
 Law Of The Land is the third album by the Motown group The Undisputed Truth.
 For the University Newspaper published under the same name; see The Steel PressSheffield Steel is the eighth studio album by Joe Cocker produced by Chris Blackwell and Alex Sadkin with Sly and Robbie Wally Badarou Barry Reynolds Mikey Chung and Uziah Sticky Thompson aka the Compass Point Allstars a studio band named after the legendary Compass Point Studios Nassau Bahamas and released in 1982. It was re-released in 2002 with several bonus tracks.
 La Llave de Mi Corazón is a studio album by Dominican singer-songwriter Juan Luis Guerra and was released on March 20 2007 by EMI Records. It peaked at number 77 on the Billboard 200. A special edition of the album was released on October 2 2007. In 2007 the album won six Latin Grammy Awards. The album won a Grammy at the 50th Annual Grammy Awards on February 10 2008 for Best Tropical Latin Album.
 An Inch of Gold for an Inch of Time is the 2005 release by mathcore group The Number Twelve Looks Like You. It was their first release through Eyeball Records.
 Gangstress is the second studio album by American rapper Khia. The album was released by Thug Misses Entertainment and Warlock Records on July 11 2006 (see 2006 in music) in the United States. The album was fully produced by Khia.Upon its release the album debuted at only number sixty seven on the Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. With a first week sale of 2200 copies and 17000 to date [citation needed] It became the rapper's lowest on the charts.
 Jérémy Châtelain was the self-titled debut album by French musician Jérémy Châtelain. The album was released in October 2003. The album yielded 4 singles including two Top 40 Hits.
 With One Word is the second release by American singer–songwriter Alana Grace released on April 10 2009. It was produced by Nick Brophy (Avril Lavigne) Dwight Baker (Kelly Clarkson) and Mike Greene (Paramore Good Charlotte).The album features some of the same tracks as her previous release Break the Silence including her biggest hit Black Roses Red. Alana Grace joined the Vans Warped Tour following the release of With One Word.
 End Of The Day is a 1989 album by The Reivers. It was their second (and last) album for Capitol Records. Many of the songs on the album deal with themes of home and family including Star Telegram which writer Sarah Vowell called one of the prettiest evocations of the lovely lazy side of the American dream a family unwinding in a Fort Worth back yard[1]; and Almost Home which was later covered by Hootie and the Blowfish.
 The Township Idols is a 2003 compilation album by the Mahotella Queens. The group started recording for Gallo Record Company in 1964 initially under different group names in addition to the Mahotella Queens name. Although they are prolific recording artists the songs collected on this album are mainly from the 1990s licensed from the US-based Shanachie Records (which in turn has the international license for Gallo Music).
 From Silence is a progressive rock album by Troy Donockley and Dave Bainbridge. It is an improvised piece recorded in the setting of the Lincoln Cathedral and released in 2005.Two members of Iona got together in the cathedral to improvise music at the instigation of Voiceprint's Bob Ayling the result is an hour of atmospheric Celtic flavoured quiet music.This recording shows Troy as a multi-skilled woodwind player.
 Nothing is Straight in My House is the twelfth studio album released by The Saints.
 The Singles Album (cat no. GRADLSP 3) was released in August 1982 and is a compilation LP and the first greatest hits by British reggae band UB40 featuring all of UB40's single releases on Graduate including the 3-track Dutch 12 single Tyler.The album spent 8 weeks on the UK Album Chart peaking at number 17.
 Masters of Rock is a 2002 compilation album by Hawkwind covering the United Artists years 1970-75. There are 2 bonus live tracks from 2001.
 Muzyka Rozrywkowa is the first solo album by Polish rapper Pezet a member of Płomień 81.
 Christmas is the seventh studio album released by Canadian singer Michael Bublé. The album was released on October 21 2011 in Ireland October 24 2011 in the United Kingdom and October 25 2011 in the United States. On the week ending December 10 2011 Christmas rose to No. 1 on the Billboard 200 album sales chart becoming Bublé's third chart-topper following 2007's Call Me Irresponsible and 2009's Crazy Love and spending five weeks at No. 1.
 Vintage Duets is an album by American jazz saxophonist Fred Anderson with drummer Steve McCall.
 Live at the Palladium is a live album by Elkie Brooks recorded in 1978 at the London Palladium. It was released on cassette in 1999 and on CD in 2000 by JAM Records.The album was a fan club-only release and therefore not chart eligible.
 The Annie Lennox Collection is the first greatest hits album by Scottish singer-songwriter Annie Lennox. It was released on 9 March 2009 and also contains two brand-new songs Shining Light originally a song by Ash and a cover of Keane's rare B-side Closer Now retitled Pattern of My Life. The artwork was shot by rock singer Bryan Adams.
 Cherchez le garçon is the 1980 debut album by French New Wave band Taxi Girl. Mannequin Jardin Chinois and the title track were released as singles. The title track is one of the band's best known songs.
 Full Circle is an EP by progressive house artist deadmau5 released on January 5 2007 to coincide with his 26th birthday. Club-oriented this EP marked deadmau5's move away from the experimental sounds of Get Scraped and towards his better-known progressive house style.
 George Jones Sings Bob Wills is an album by American country music artist George Jones. It was released in 1962 on the United Artists Records. This was Jones' first album with United Artists.
 Happy Birthday is the debut album by the British new wave band Altered Images. Released in 1981 the album's title track Happy Birthday became the band's biggest hit peaking at number 2 in the UK in October of that year.The album reached number 26 in the UK Album Chart and was certified Silver by the BPI for sales in excess of 60000 copies.Originally only released on vinyl album and cassette in 1981 the album was reissued on CD in 2004 by Edsel Records.
 Stoic is the third mixtape by Grammy Award winning American R&B recording artist and rapper T-Pain it was released on September 30 2012. The mixtape features guest appearances from Tay Dizm Pitbull Nuke Nikelz Doe Montana Notty Black Skye Young Cash Mistah Fab Krizz Kaliko Tech N9ne Shay Mooney Big K.R.I.T. and Travie McCoy.
 Honest Words is an EP by Scottish singer-songwriter King Creosote and English electronica musician Jon Hopkins released on 19 September 2011 on Domino Records. The release is available on 12 vinyl and digital download.Following on from their Mercury Prize nominated debut Diamond Mine the EP features two new recordings alongside a reworking of album track Bats in the Attic.
 In Pieces is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released on August 31 1993. It debuted at #1 on the Billboard 200 and the Top Country Albums chart. It was also a huge hit outside the United States. In Great Britain it was Brooks' highest placed album on the charts. It reached the top ten of the country album charts before it was issued officially (due to imports from both the United States and Ireland).
 Inkazimulo is an album by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo. It was released in 1985 and was a primarily religious release (as had most of the group's output by this time). The album was recorded a year before the group's collaboration with Paul Simon on his Graceland album and tour.
 1 + 1 is a duet album by Herbie Hancock (piano) and Wayne Shorter (soprano saxophone).Hancock and Shorter perform ten compositions on the album including the Grammy award winning Aung San Suu Kyi named after the Burmese pro-democracy activist of the same name Joanna's Theme which originally was on Hancock's original soundtrack to the film Death Wish and Diana originally recorded for Shorter's album Native Dancer. It is Hancock's forty-first album and Shorter's twenty-first.
 The Spirit of Christmas 2005 is the 12th compilation album of Christmas-associated tracks in the annual Spirit of Christmas series. It was released in Australia on 17 November 2005 with proceeds going to The Salvation Army's Red Shield Appeal which supports at-risk children and youth throughout the country. The compilation has contributions from various Australian artists and was produced by Lindsay Field (also compiler) and Glenn Wheatley.
 The Difference Machine is the fifth studio album by the English progressive rock band Big Big Train. It was released on 30 August 2007 by English Electric Recordings. TDM is a concept album exploring chaos theory communication failure death loss and bereavement. The story is of the death of an individual which was linked to an exploding star in a distant galaxy. There are more influences of Van der Graaf Generator Genesis Mew Sigur Rós and King Crimson throughout the album.
 Nude is a concept album released by English progressive rock band Camel in 1981. It was their eighth studio album. The album is based on a true story of a Japanese soldier (Hiroo Onoda) marooned on an island in World War II who doesn't know that the war is over. Nude derives from his family name Onoda.The album's lyrics were mainly written by Susan Hoover except Please Come Home which was written by Andrew Latimer. It was the last Camel album to feature original drummer Andy Ward.
 The Best Band You Never Heard in Your Life is a double disc live album by Frank Zappa released in 1991 (see 1991 in music). The album was one of three to be recorded during the 1988 world tour along with Broadway the Hard Way and Make a Jazz Noise Here.
 Murder Junkies is an album by GG Allin and Antiseen released in France by New Rose Records. The lyrics and music were written by Allin while Antiseen serves as Allin's backup band. The album consists of spoken word by Allin interspersed with musical tracks featuring Allin on vocals backed by Antiseen.
 Travelin' is the eighth studio album by the pop rock band Tommy James and the Shondells released in 1970.The album had two singles that charted. She went to #23 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1969. Gotta Get Back to You reached #45 on the chart in 1970. The album landed on the Billboard 200 reaching #91.The album was the final album released by the band on Roulette Records.
 Monument Valley is the seventy-ninth studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the forty-ninth installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series.The album was released as a digital version on February 7 along with the previous installment Hide in the Pickling Jar. The album was released in a digital format along with two limited edition formats were announced to be released on March 7. The first format consists of 300 copies of an untitled white album signed by Buckethead himself.
 The Complete Living Room Tapes is a compilation album by Canadian guitarist Lenny Breau and clarinetist Brad Terry released in 2003.The Complete Living Room Tapes consists of the previously released The Living Room Tapes volumes One and Two. and was remastered and issued with additional bonus tracks.Both solo and duet performances are included in these sessions.
 Srontgorrth: Die Macht erfaßte das meine wie die Angst das Blut der anderen (lit. Power seized mine [my blood] like fear [seized] the blood of the others) is the second studio album by German black metal band Nagelfar released in 1999.Srontgorrth is a loose concept album with the first four tracks focusing on the four seasons. The riff introduced at the beginning of the first piece is reprised at some point in every track on the album.
 The Blurred Crusade is the second album by Australian group The Church which was released in March 1982 by EMI / Parlophone. It shows a change of direction from the new wave leanings of the band's debut. The album peaked at No. 10 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart and Almost with You reached No. 21 on the related Singles Chart.It was produced and mixed by Bob Clearmountain.
 Radio 1 Sessions is the second live album released by the Scottish band Big Country released in 1994.
 Peril and the Patient is the third album by the progressive metal group Called to Arms and was released digitally through Tragic Hero Records on August 10 2010. The ninth track off the album entitled Ashamed Awake was streamed at IndieVisionMusic for the week of May 23 as well as a five minute teaser clip from the album.The album is based on The Screwtape Letters written by C. S.
 Queen of Soul: The Atlantic Recordings is an 86-track four-disc box set detailing Aretha Franklin's Atlantic career starting in 1967 with the landmark single I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You) and ending with 1976's Something He Can Feel. The set highlights Franklin's best moments and give a depth that is essential to the Queen's and soul music fans but does not include any tracks recorded by Aretha for Atlantic after 1977.
 The Best of Special Ed is the greatest hits album by the rapper Special Ed and it was released in 2000.
 The Ear of the Behearer is an album by American jazz saxophonist Dewey Redman featuring performances recorded in 1973 for the Impulse! label. The CD reissue added four performances from Coincide (1974) as bonus tracks.
 Strictly Personal is the second album by Captain Beefheart and his Magic Band. It was originally released in October 1968 almost a year after the band had initially taken to the studio to record the follow-up to 1967's Safe as Milk. The finished album has been the subject of controversy owing to producer Bob Krasnow's addition of phasing to many of the tracks which Beefheart initially supported but subsequently claimed was done without his knowledge or approval.
 El Rojo is the second full-length studio album by The Bakerton Group otherwise known as the psychedelic instrumental jazz-laden alter ego of Clutch. Released in 2009 the album marks the debut of keyboardist Per Wiberg of Opeth who replaced Mick Schauer.
 London 0 Hull 4 is a 1986 album by The Housemartins. It was their first album and contains the singles Flag Day (#124 in the UK) Sheep (#54 in the UK) Happy Hour (#3 in the UK) and Think for a Minute (#18 in the UK).The title refers to the band's home town of Kingston upon Hull and is in the format of a sports result. It also refers to Paul Heaton's assertion that the Housemartins were only the fourth best band in Hull.
 Bem-Vinda Vontade is an album by Mice Parade released in 2005 on Bubblecore and FatCat Records. It contains vocals by Kristín Anna Valtýsdóttir of Múm and Ikuko Harada of Clammbon. The title is translated as Welcome Desire from Portuguese.
 21st Century Power Pop Riot is an album by The Methadones that consists entirely of power pop covers.
 Il cielo in una stanza is an album by Italian singer Mina issued in 1960. It was published on CD in 1992 and re-issued in 2009 in a new vinyl version by label Carosello.In 1965 the label Philips issued the same record with Spanish versions of the songs in Argentina.Even if the actual authors of the song Il cielo in una stanza are Gino Paoli and Mogol the credits of the album say the authors were Toang (Renato Angiolini) and Mogol.
 Boomer's Story is the third album by American roots rock musician Ry Cooder released in 1972.
 Public Pressure (公的抑圧 Kōteki yokuatsu Public pressure) is Yellow Magic Orchestra's first live album released on February 21 1980.It was their second number-one album in Japan setting a record of 250000 copies sold within two weeks of release.It was recorded during three dates of the group's first tour of Europe and the USA. The group toured as a six-piece but guitarist Kazumi Watanabe was mixed out and replaced with more keyboards for contractual matters between record labels.
 Paul McCartney in Red Square is a live DVD by Paul McCartney released in June 2005. It is composed of footage taken during his concerts in Moscow's Red Square and St Petersburg's Palace Square. Songs from Beatles Wings and solo albums are performed.
 Young at Heart was a 10 LP album released by Columbia Records as catalog number CL-6331 on November 1 1954 containing songs sung by Doris Day and Frank Sinatra from the soundtrack of the movie Young at Heart.On May 31 2004 the album was reissued combined with You're My Thrill as a compact disk by Sony BMG Music Entertainment.
 The Quiet Offspring is the fourth full-length studio album by the Norwegian progressive metal band Green Carnation. It was released on February 22 2005. In this recording the band breaks away from their previous offerings. Although critically acclaimed and well accepted by fans The Quiet Offspring has a more traditional rock sound and leaves behind much of the progressiveness and atmospheric feels of the band's previous albums Light of Day Day of Darkness and A Blessing in Disguise.
 This Means War! is the tenth release of the Christian rock band Petra. It was released in 1987.In this album the band started to refine their movement into a more hard rock/arena rock sound still retaining keyboard synthesizers to back the driving guitar work. This album also signaled the beginning of a military motif present in the song lyrics that the band would carry through several of their following albums.
 Tales of the Forgotten Melodies is the debut full-length album by French underground hip hop producer Wax Tailor released in 2005 on Lab’oratoire/Under Cover labels. The album is released on Decon Media in America Mole Listening Pearls in Europe and Blend Corp. in Australia & New Zealand.
 Collision Course... Paradox II is the ninth studio album released by the band Royal Hunt and the first to feature American singer Mark Boals.
 Murder on my Mind was the third independent album by the Lovehammers released in 2003. Many songs on the album also appear on the later Marty Casey and Lovehammers album. The album's title comes from a lyric in the The Tunnel the first track on the album. The album is notable for the raw edgy feel which is said to sound like its being played live and not been edited.[citation needed]
 For the similarly named 1969 album see Sea Train (album).Seatrain is a second album by the band Seatrain recorded in 1970 and adding Peter Rowan on guitar and lead vocals. It was the first record produced by George Martin after his work with The Beatles. The most successful song on this album is 13 Questions which reached #49 in the Billboard charts.
 The Rose Has Teeth in the Mouth of a Beast is the sixth full-length album by Matmos. The concept of the album is that each song is dedicated to a person who has influenced the duo which is reflected in the songs themselves; Rag for William S. Burroughs features the clatter of a type writer and a gunshot representing the William Tell incident and Tract for Valerie Solanas contains excerpts from the SCUM Manifesto.
 Haven't You Heard: The Best of Patrice Rushen is a compilation by R&B and jazz singer Patrice Rushen. It was released in 1996. This is the first of several greatest hits compilations for Rushen. The album included some of her best-known works including Haven't You Heard Never Gonna Give You Up Forget Me Nots Number One and Watch Out.
 The Day the Earth Shook – The Absolute Power is a DVD from American Heavy metal band Manowar. They recorded their live performance at the Earthshaker Fest 2005 in Germany on July 23 2005. The band played a selection of songs in accompaniment with the 50 member Bohuslav Martinů Philharmonic Orchestra.
 The Odd Couple is the second studio album by Gnarls Barkley released digitally on March 18 and in stores March 25 2008. Due to an early leak of the album over the Internet in early March 2008 the duo decided to push up the release from April 8. The album was released to the iTunes Store and Amazon MP3 on March 18.
 The Baptised Traveller is the debut album by English free-jazz drummer Tony Oxley which was recorded in 1969 released on CBS as part of their Realm Jazz Series and reissued on CD by Columbia in 1999. The album the first of a trilogy that Oxley recorded for major labels have enjoyed legendary status for years as an avant-garde classic.
 Mark Isham is a studio album by American musician Mark Isham released in 1990 by Gold Rush. It received the Grammy Award for Best New Age Album at the 33rd Grammy Awards in 1991.
 From Dusk is the third studio album by Japanese Rock band Guitar Vader released in 2001 (see 2001 in music).
 Modern Rocking is a solo album by Polish singer Agnieszka Chylińska. It is the seventh studio album in her career. In the first week of its release it made it to the OLiS list of best-selling Polish albums and was certified gold. On November 18 2009 it was certified platinum.Nie mogę Cię zapomnieć won the 2010 Digital Song of the Year in Poland for being the best selling digital single of 2009.
 The Eve of the Entities is a heavy metal album released in 2000 by Burning Inside. The album was the first release by the band. Well-known musicians Steve Childers Richard Christy Jamie Prim and Michael Estes contributed to the album.
 Orphan Music is the first official live album by Canadian singer songwriter and pianist Sarah Slean released on October 31 2006Also contains six b-sides of which two (Lucky Me and Pilgrim) are also included in the live set. Performances were culled from live concerts recorded in December 2005 in Toronto (Harbourfront Theatre) and Vancouver (Vancouver East Cultural Centre) as well as stripped down studio recordings at DNA Studios in Toronto and Kensaltown Studios in London UK.
 The Swing of Delight is a 1980 double album by Carlos Santana. It was the last of three solo albums (the others being Illuminations in 1974 and Oneness in 1979) to be released under his temporary Sanskrit name Devadip Carlos Santana given to him by Sri Chinmoy.
 The Only Place is the second studio album by American indie rock duo Best Coast released on May 15 2012 on Mexican Summer. Produced by Jon Brion the album was recorded at Capital Studios in Los Angeles California. The album was primarily inspired by the upheaval following the unexpected success of Crazy for You. To this end the duo attempted to distance themselves from the lo-fi aesthetic of their first release by working with producer Jon Brion.
 Gravitational Forces is an album by Texas-based country/folk singer-songwriter Robert Earl Keen.
 No Mercy is the seventh studio album by American rapper T.I. released on December 7 2010 by Grand Hustle Records and Atlantic Records. Recording sessions for the album took place during 2009 to 2010. Production was handled by several record producers including Kanye West Polow da Don The-Dream J.U.S.T.I.C.E.
 Speed 2: Cruise Control is the soundtrack album for the 1997 film of the same name. It was released by Virgin Records in May 1997 nearly a month before the film's release. Because of the film's Caribbean setting the soundtrack features a variety of reggae music from artists including Common Sense Jimmy Cliff Maxi Priest and Shaggy.
 The Johnny Cash Show is the 35th overall album and live album by country singer Johnny Cash recorded at the Grand Ole Opry and released on Columbia Records in 1970. Though one of Cash's lesser-known live records it spawned the highly successful single Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down which helped kickstart the career of singer-songwriter Kris Kristofferson. The song and album reached No. 1 on the Country charts. Thealbum was certified Gold on 2/16/1995 by the RIAA.
 Touch is the first studio album by Japanese musical group NEWS released on April 27 2005. The album reached the number one position on the Oricon Daily Album Chart and Oricon Weekly Album Chart. Four singles have been released from this album.
 Healing Is Difficult is the second album by Australian recording artist Sia Furler released in the United Kingdom on July 9 2001 and in America on May 28 2002. In the UK the album's first single Taken for Granted was released in June 2000 and peaked at #10 on the UK Singles Chart. The follow-up Little Man failed to chart even though it received a two-step garage remix which was popular at the time.
 Simple Mission is the third album by Canadian band Glass Tiger. It was released by Capitol Records March 22 1991 (1991-03-22) and is the band's only studio album without drummer Michael Hanson who left the group after the Diamond Sun album.The single My Town features Rod Stewart on lead vocals alongside Alan Frew and reached #33 in the UK marking the band's second highest position in that country. The album also went certified Platinum in Canada.
 Nathan East is the debut eponymous album by veteran supporting musician Nathan East known for his performances with artists such as Stevie Wonder Eric Clapton Tommy Emmanuel and Daft Punk. This album features guest vocal performances by Clapton Sara Bareilles Michael McDonald and a harmonica performance by Wonder on the instrumental cover of Wonder's hit Overjoyed.
 Storia di un impiegato (Story of a white-collar worker) is an album released by Fabrizio De André. It was issued in 1973 by Produttori Associati and reissued several times by Ricordi and BMG.
 Sleeping With the Enemy is the second album of U.S. militant political rapper Paris. Released in 1992 it stimulated much controversy with the songs Bush Killa (a revenge fantasy about the assassination of then-president George H. W. Bush) and Coffee Donuts & Death (a cop-killing tirade).
 Consecration: The Final Recordings Part 2 is a 8-CD box set live album by jazz pianist Bill Evans with Marc Johnson and Joe LaBarbera recorded during a nine night residency at Keystone Korner in San Francisco in 1980 and released on the Milestone label in 2002. Additional recordings from this concert series were released as The Last Waltz: The Final Recordings in 2000.
 '''Guds spelemän''' is Garmarna's second full-length album released in 1996. All songs except Njaalkeme (which is in Southern Sami) are sung in Swedish.
 Reflections is a 1970 album composed by Manos Hadjidakis.The album was originally composed in New York City where Manos Hadjidakis was living since 1966 for the band New York Rock & Roll Ensemble and the lyrics were in English.In 1993 the album was re-released with new lyrics in Greek which were written by Nikos Gatsos and performed by Aliki Kagialoglou.In 2005 an adaptation of the album by the Greek band Raining Pleasure was released.Album Songs Orpheus The Day Love Her Dance of the Dogs Kemal Dedication The Three Answers Street Song Bitter Way Noble Dame
 Watch the Throne is a collaborative studio album by American rappers Jay-Z and Kanye West released on August 8 2011 by Roc-A-Fella Records Roc Nation and Def Jam Recordings. Before the album Jay-Z and West had collaborated on their respective singles and with West as a producer on Jay-Z's work. As longtime friends they originally sought out to record a five-song EP together but the project eventually evolved into a full length album.
 The 'Umu is the fourth studio album by Australian hip hop act Koolism released in September 2010 by Invada Records. The ‘umu is an underground oven used in Polynesian cooking and a nod to MC Hau’s Tongan heritage. Self-deprecation aside Hau says that the album is dedicated to the essence of original and classic hip hop and the title is inspired by an underground oven. Dan and I along with some close friends have been cooking up this album since December 2006.
 El Concierto is the first live album recorded by the Mexican singer Luis Miguel. The album was recorded in August 1994 during the promotional tour of the album Segundo Romance and included three Mexican standards composed by José Alfredo Jiménez and recorded for the first time by the artist with mariachi: Si Nos Dejan Amanecí En Tus Brazos and El Rey.
 Rolling Stoned is the debut studio album by American rapper Smoke DZA. The album was released on August 30 2011 by iH2D and iHipHop Distribution. The album features guest appearances from Bun B Big K.R.I.T. Kendrick Lamar ASAP Rocky Fiend Den10 Dom Kennedy Trademark da Skydiver Schoolboy Q Big Sant and Currensy.
 Go to Sleep Jeff is The Wiggles 16th album which was released in 2003. The album was nominated for the Best Children's Album ARIA along with Whoo Hoo Wiggly Gremlins but lost to Hi-5 Celebrate.
 Mel Tormé Sings Sunday in New York & Other Songs About New York is a 1963 studio album by Mel Tormé of songs about New York City.
 Our Thing is the second release by American jazz tenor saxophonist Joe Henderson on Blue Note. It features performances by Henderson Kenny Dorham Andrew Hill Pete La Roca and Eddie Khan of originals by Henderson and Dorham. The CD reissue added a bonus take of Teeter Totter.
 Fast 'n' Bulbous - A Tribute To Captain Beefheart was an album released by Imaginary Records in the UK in 1988 consisting of contemporary artists performing cover versions of songs by Captain Beefheart.
 SWV's Greatest Hits (RCA) album contains all of their biggest hits. Songs like Weak Downtown Rain and more.
 Sorry Vampire is the second studio album recorded by John Ralston. The album was released on October 2 2007 on Vagrant Records.
 Yeah is an album by Swedish band The Wannadies released in 1999 in Scandinavia and spring 2000 in the UK.
 One Nation Under God is the fourth album by solo artist B. E. Taylor. It was released in 2004. The album features 9 renditions of popular patriotic songs and one new song (I Say We Say USA).
 More Beautiful Human Life! is the fifth album by composer Paul Schütze released in 1994 through Apollo Records. It was released under the pseudonym Uzect Plaush which is actually an anagram of Paul Schutze.
 Frontiers is the sixth studio album by Jesse Cook. According to Cook's official web page inspiration for the album came from a temporary move with his wife to Seville Spain and the birth of his first child Lucas Cook (b. March 14 2005). Cook and nine other musicians recorded the album at Coach House Music in Canada. The album was mixed by Cook.
 Young Man Running is the fourth album by Corey Hart released in 1988. It charted in the U.S. reaching #126 and generated the hit single In Your Soul which reached #38.
 For the Draco Rosa album of the same title see Amor Vincit Omnia (Draco Rosa album)Amor Vincit Omnia is the second full-length album by British progressive rock band Pure Reason Revolution.The title of the album is Latin for Love Conquers All. It is also a reference to the painting Amor Vincit Omnia by the Italian baroque painter Caravaggio completed circa 1601. The track title Victorious Cupid is also an alternate name of the same painting.
 Machines Will Always Let You Down released in 2007 is the third full-length album from the noise rock band Replicator.
 Avalanche Records Alternative Christmas is a Christmas album made up of contributions from various Scottish bands and musicians. Released by Avalanche Records in Edinburgh it raised money for charities Street Invest and the Royal Hospital for Sick Children Edinburgh.
 Anchored in Love: Their Complete Victor Recordings (1927–1928) is a compilation of recordings made by American country music group the Carter Family released in 1993. It is the first of nine compilations released by Rounder Records of the group's Victor recordings.
 Genom vatten och eld was released in 1989 and is a studio album from Swedish dansband Lotta & Anders Engbergs orkester. Genom vatten och eld a big 1989 hit is also the first track on the album. The song Genom vatten och eld was written by Torgny Söderberg. The album peaked at #48 at the Swedish album charts.
 Loving U is the second mini album a summer special album by Korean girl group Sistar. It was released on June 28 2012 with the song of same title will be used as the promotional song. It is listed as a summer special album and contains two new songs'Loving U' and 'Holiday' and 5 remixes of the group's past hit-singles.
 Into the Dragon is the 1988 debut album from U.K.
 Definition is the sixth album by the American crossover thrash band D.R.I. which was released in 1992.
 Nie wierzcie elektrykom (Polish Don't trust the electricians) is the second studio album of the punk rock band Big Cyc released in 1991. The title is a pun on Don't trust the politicians an it alludes to Lech Wałęsa's profession.
 We Are One is the second album by Philadelphia Pennsylvania jazz group Pieces Of A Dream.
 Mon amie la rose is a studio album of the French popular singer Françoise Hardy. Like many of Hardy's earlier albums it was released with no title except for her name on the cover but has become known by the title of the most successful song on the album Mon amie la rose. In New Zealand and Australia the album was titled Fantastic Francoise.In 1964 Hardy recorded an English version of Dans le monde entier titled All Over the World.
 Muse is the debut extended play (EP) by English alternative rock band Muse. Limited to 999 hand-numbered copies it was released on 11 May 1998 by Sawmills Studio label Dangerous Records. Three of the EP's four songs – Overdue Cave and Escape – were re-recorded for the band's full-length debut album Showbiz while the same recording of the song Coma was rereleased as a B-side on the Cave Single.
 Droga Oporu is the sixth album of Polish punk rock band Włochaty. It has been recorded in Kosmos studio in Szczecin.
 Buttsweat and Tears is an EP by the Chicago punk rock band The Lawrence Arms released October 27 2009 by Fat Wreck Chords. It was the first recorded output from the band in three years following their 2006 album Oh! Calcutta! In the interim singer/bassist Brendan Kelly and drummer Neil Hennessy performed in The Falcon Hennessy also performed in the Smoking Popes and singer/guitarist Chris McCaughan performed in Sundowner.The band recorded the EP in June 2009.
 Screw It! is Danger Danger's second full length album. It was released on October 1 1991 on Epic Records. The album was recorded at New River Studios in Fort Lauderdale Florida. This is the same studio that the band Skid Row used to record their second album Slave to the Grind.
 Amazing Journey: The Story of The Who is a compilation of songs featured in the documentary of the same name. This soundtrack was only released in Best Buy stores in the United States.
 Ma Bassmahlak (also romanized as Ma Bessmahlak) is the fifth album by Najwa Karam and her second release on the Rotana label.
 It's Alive is the thirty-first studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the first installment in the Buckethead Pikes Series. It is named so after the kiosk inside Bucketheadland that sells albums not yet available at the regular store.The album was announced and released on May 15 2011 through the board of Buckethead's site making this the first album since Kaleidoscalp (2005) to be advertised on the site.
 Livity is a 1981 reggae album by Prince Far I. Livity is a word used by Rastafarians to refer to the energy or life-force that flows through all living things. The album is generally considered one of Prince Far I's weaker albums. As on many of his albums the backing comes from the Roots Radics under the guise of The Arabs. The album was mixed by Lancelot Maxie McKenzie.
 Ruff and Ready: Live in Manchester is the first DVD by Sonic Boom Six. It was filmed live on 19 February 2007 at the Manchester England leg of the Ruff and Ready tour.
 S4!Sash! is the fourth studio album by the German producer team Sash!. The album was a two-disc set released in 2002. Three singles were also released from the record. The most successful single was Ganbareh! which reached No.43 in the German and Australian charts. Ganbare featured vocalist Miko and was released in June 24 2002.
 Prebuild is an album by electronic music group 808 State which was released in 2004. It contains tracks recorded during the Newbuild recording sessions in 1987/88.
 Koncert v Praze (In Prague–Live) (1983) is an album by American country singer Johnny Cash.
 Mountain Music released in 1982 is the award-winning third studio album by country music group Alabama. A crossover success it ranked well as an album on both country and pop charts and launched singles that were successful in several markets. This is Alabama's most successful non-compilation album. In 1998 the album was certified 5x Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 Live at Knuckleheads Kansas City is an album by the Grammy winning Zydeco band Chubby Carrier and the Bayou Swamp Band recorded at Knuckleheads Saloon in Kansas City Missouri and released in 2007.
 A War Story Book II is the Psycho Realm's third and possibly their final album due to Duke's paralyzation. Although Duke was paralyzed when the album was released they had about half of the album finished before Duke was shot. On this album B-Real was not on any of the songs. Featured guests are Crow and Cynic from the Street Platoon.
 Ringmaster is the second studio album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse released on January 28 1994 by Psychopathic Records. Recording sessions for the album took place in 1993 at The Tempermill Studio. The album is the second Joker's Card in the group's Dark Carnival mythology.
 Jubilation is the fourth album by the Country rock trio consisting of brothers Chris Lorin and Peter Rowan credited as The Rowans. It is their third effort recorded as trio with Peter Rowan.
 We Care is the debut album by Swedish alternative rock group Whale. The album was produced by Whale with some tracks produced by Whale and Falcon and some by Whale and Tricky.
 Wedding Album is the final in a succession of three experimental albums by John Lennon and Yoko Ono. It followed Unfinished Music No. 1: Two Virgins and Unfinished Music No. 2: Life with the Lions.
 An Evening with Wild Man Fischer is a 1968 double LP album by Wild Man Fischer released on Frank Zappa's Bizarre record label. The copyright is owned by the estate of Frank Zappa but his widow Gail Zappa has chosen to not release it on Compact Disc.[citation needed]
 Bahiana is an album by Dizzy Gillespie recorded in 1975 and released on the Pablo label.
 Holy Weather is the second album by South African alternative rock band Civil Twilight. Written and recorded in the years following their debut album Civil Twilight the album was released 26 March 2012 in both the United States and other regions including the United Kingdom Canada and South Africa. The album has received generally positive reviews with many comparing the outfit to early-generation U2.
 Tabeer is the debut album by singer Shafqat Amanat Alilaunched in 2008.
 This 15-track anthology features Scandinavian speed-metal guitar hero Yngwie Malmsteen in strictly instrumental settings including Brothers and Dawn. Asian version adds an extra live recording. Asian edition of what was previously a Japanese exclusive compilation. 15 tracks including the live track 'Far Beyond The Sun'.
 Stand in the Fire is a live album by American singer/songwriter Warren Zevon released Dec. 26 1980. It was recorded during a series of performances at The Roxy Theatre in West Hollywood California and featured two new original songs (Stand in the Fire and The Sin) and one new cover (Bo Diddley's a Gunslinger). The album was dedicated to Martin Scorsese. It was released in a limited edition LP replica sleeve on CD April 25 2006 in Japan.
 ForPlay is the first E.P. by American indie band Saint Motel. The album had a music video for every song that was also included on the CD itself.Dear Dictator was featured in HBO's 2013 trailer for Boardwalk Empire.
 Big Time is the second studio album released by country music band Little Texas. Released in 1993 on Warner Bros. Records it produced the singles What Might Have Been God Blessed Texas My Love and Stop on a Dime. Respectively these peaked at numbers 2 4 1 and 14 on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 A Sure Thing is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell with orchestra recorded in late 1962 and released on the Riverside label.
 Cruise Your Illusion is the debut studio album by American punk rock group Milk Music. It was released on April 2 2013 via Fat Possum Records on CD and digital formats. The vinyl version of the album was self-released by the band.
 The End of Imagining is the debut LP by Space Twins released on November 4 2003 on the band's own label Raga Drop Records. Rolling Stone critic John D. Luerresen named the album the 7th best of 2003.In 2009 Brian Bell stated that he think[s] it’s a fine album and one that I’m proud of.
 Spectrum is an instrumental album released by Steve Howe in 2005. Howe's band includes his son Dylan on drums and Tony Levin (King Crimson) on bass guitar.The album has guitar-based instrumentals showing many different genres that influence Howe.
 Marc Ribot Plays Solo Guitar Works of Frantz Casseus is a 1993 album of solo guitar works by Frantz Casseus recorded by Marc Ribot and released on the Belgian label Les Disques du Crepuscule. Ribot studied classical guitar under Casseus who fused the European classical tradition with his native Haitian folk elements. The album was recorded in New York City in 1989 and 1993.
 House of Love is the 14th album by singer-songwriter Amy Grant released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).House of Love was Amy's follow-up to her quintuple-platinum 1991 release Heart in Motion. Although House of Love sold less than half of what its predecessor sold it similarly combines pop music with Christian values. Lucky One was the album's biggest hit at No. 18 Pop and No.
 Firebird: Jazz Meets the Symphony No. 3 is an album by Argentine composer pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin with basssist Ray Brown drummer Grady Tate trumpeters Jon Faddis and James Morrison saxophonist Paquito D'Rivera and the London Philharmonic Orchestra recorded in 1995 and released on the Four Winds label.
 Equilibrium is the second album of the Canadian guitarist Erik Mongrain.
 Mastercutor is the eleventh album by heavy metal act U.D.O.. It was released on May 18 2007.The album title according to Udo Dirkschneider is a shortened version of 'master executor.'
 Canciones desde una prisión is the twelfth album by the folk music artist Rolando Alarcón.
 The Southern Harmony and Musical Companion is the second album by the American blues rock group The Black Crowes released on May 12 1992. It was the first record by the band to feature Marc Ford on lead guitar replacing Jeff Cease who was fired the year before.
 See Forever Eyes is the second release by Canadian rock band Prism. It was released in 1978 (see 1978 in music) by Canadian record label GRT. It was produced by Bruce Fairbairn.N-N-N-No! and You're Like The Wind are both credited to Rodney Higgs (Jim Vallance) as songwriter. Allan Harlow contributed two songs Flyin' and Take Me Away. Hall and Mitchell are credited with See Forever Eyes.
 The EarthBound series known in Japan as the Mother series is a role-playing video game series created by Shigesato Itoi for Nintendo. The series started in 1989 with the Japan-only release of Mother which was followed up by Mother 2 for the Super NES in 1995. It was released outside of Japan under the name of EarthBound giving the series its non-Japanese name. A second sequel was released in Japan only Mother 3 for the Game Boy Advance in 2006.
 Alive III is a live album released by the American hard rock band Kiss in 1993 and certified gold in 1994. The recording of Alive III took place over multiple dates (in Cleveland Detroit and Indianapolis) during the band's 1992 tour in support of Revenge.
 Absolute Benson is an enhanced studio album by jazz musician George Benson. Taking a tip from 1999's pop-man-of-the-year Carlos Santana Benson goes Latin on this release. The album was released by GRP/Verve Records on May 23 2000.
 Blazing the Crop was the first DJ mix album mixed by Rae & Christian. It was released by Mixmag Live in association with their publishing company DMC Publishing in 1999 in the UK.
 Skylark is the second major-label album from Renee Olstead released on January 27 2009. It had originally been announced for release in 2005 and was subsequently listed on Amazon.com and other online retailers for release in 2006 and 2007 before finally emerging in 2009.
 Galore is a compilation album released by Kirsty MacColl in 1995. It features material previously released on the albums Desperate Character Kite Electric Landlady and Titanic Days among other tracks by MacColl totalling eighteen songs. Some of the tracks differ from their original releases; a couple of songs such as Innocence are alternate takes while Miss Otis Regrets is a different edit that omits the second half Just One of Those Things performed by The Pogues.
 Altered States of America is a 100-song 3 mini CD released by grindcore band Agoraphobic Nosebleed. The album's songs cover a variety of topics with many referring to violence and drug use. There also several noise-based and experimental songs. Several songs consist solely of a vocal delivery of the title on top of noise such as The Tokyo Subway Gassing and The Star of David. The album is divided into several movements some of which are titled.
 When I Was Young (or When I Was Young: Children's Songs from Ireland) is the a collaboration between Irish musicians Len Graham Garry Ó Briain and Pádraigín Ní Uallacháin. It is the third studio album from Ní Uallacháin her second collaboration with Ó Briain and Graham's eleventh studio album. The album was released on the Gael Linn label.
 CD Type Thing is the first album by Huntington Beach pop punk band Big Drill Car released in 1989. Many consider this album both to be a classic of the late 80s hardcore punk scene and the peak of Big Drill Car's career.The title of the album changed with the format it was presented on: the compact disc version was entitled CD Type Thing the vinyl format was called Album Type Thing and the audio cassette version was called Tape Type Thing.
 The Best of Tanita Tikaram is the first compilation by pop singer Tanita Tikaram released in 1996 by East West Records. Containing fifteen songs from 1988 to 1995 it also included one new track And I Think of You - E penso a te which was released as a promotional single and a special remix of her biggest hit Twist in My Sobriety which was also released as a single in UK.
 Noble Beast is American singer-songwriter Andrew Bird's fifth solo studio album released on January 20 2009. Two songs from this album were previewed on his webpage Oh No and Carrion Suite while the entire album was made available by NPR as a streaming feed. Noble Beast was made available as a standard CD release a special limited-edition deluxe two-CD package and a double-LP package.The track Tenuousness appears in the closing credits for the 2011 movie Crazy Stupid Love.
 The Lights of Home is the third album by country music group Baillie & the Boys. It rose to the number 35 position in the Billboard Country Albums chart in 1990. The singles hits were the number 23 Perfect the number 5 (Now and Then There's) A Fool Such as I (which was a remake of the classic Elvis Presley standard) and the number 18 Treat Me Like a Stranger. This was also their first album as a duo and their final album for RCA Records.
 September Bowl of Green is an album by The Grapes of Wrath.The initial vinyl pressing of the album included a cover version of If I Needed Someone by The Beatles but at the request of the band the song was left off of subsequent pressings. This version of the song has never been released again but the band has included it in some set lists during their 2010 reunion tour. All songs composed by Tom Hooper/Kevin Kane/Chris Hooper.
 Ready is the fifth studio album by Sandy Lam released under CBS Records in the summer of 1988. Ready would be a major milestone in Sandy's career because it would be her first album to be heavily influenced by R&B and Jazz which strongly affected her future. This album will best prove that Sandy is a mature singer who does not need to fall into the mainstream music industry in terms of musical and conceptual directions.
 Río de Emoción is the sixth full-length album by Dragon Ash; released in 2005. It draws heavily on Spanish influences with several of the tracks drawing influences from Spanish music and instruments. The title of the album is also Spanish for River of Emotion. The track Resound ft.
 pc Quest is the 1991 self-titled first album by the group pc Quest. The album contains two Billboard Hot 100 hit singles (After the Summer's Gone(#41) and Can I Call You My Girl(#58)). Most of the songs were written by one or both of the songwriting team Tim James and Steven McClintock (best known for their work with 1980s pop singer Tiffany).
 Kerrang!/XFM UK Acoustic Sessions is the third EP by rock quartet Coheed and Cambria and it was released exclusively for iTunes music store. All tracks were recorded live and acoustic at the UK XFM studio. For some unknown duration of time the album was removed from the iTunes Store it has since been become available again with the except of track 2 as a partial album.
 Violets for Your Furs is a 1981 live album by Shirley Horn recorded at the North Sea Jazz Festival.
 Soul Caddy is the fourth studio album by American band the Cherry Poppin' Daddies released on October 3 2000 by Mojo Records.
 Honky Tonk Angel is the 1972 debut solo album by Ellen McIlwaine following her departure from Fear Itself. The first side of the album contains songs that were recorded live at The Bitter End in New York City while side two of the record is made up of studio recordings.The album was re-released on CD in 1993 along with McIlwaine's 1973 album We the People as Up From the Skies: The Polydor Years.
 Homenaje (Spanish: Tribute) is a 1996 live album recorded during the Metal Rock Festival at Obras Sanitarias. The concert was a reunion of the first line-up of the Argentine heavy metal band V8 with the exception of its original bass player Ricardo Iorio.
 Bäst of is Die Ärzte's greatest hits album with singles from 1993-2004 and some of their B-sides. The album comes in a metal box.
 20th is the seventh live album by the jazz fusion group Casiopea released in 2000. This is also a live recording of the 20th anniversary of Casiopea and their thirty-third album overall.
 Ripe For Rebellion is the debut album by Argentinian Folk Metal band Triddana
 Burial is the eponymous debut album by the dubstep producer Burial. It was released in 2006 on Kode9's Hyperdub records to critical acclaim including being named Album of the Year by The Wire magazine. It was also named the 25th best album of the decade by Resident Advisor who called it a revolutionary record in the way that it influenced dubstep sounds and reinvented 2-step for an entirely different generation.
 Mind How You Go is Skye Edwards's debut solo album following her departure from Morcheeba. Despite anticipation by fans the album achieved limited success in the UK as a result of insufficient promotion. It was more successful in other parts of Europe particularly Poland France Italy and Switzerland.
 Sport Fishin': The Lure of the Bait The Luck of the Hook is the third album by Canadian surf rock group Shadowy Men on a Shadowy Planet released on June 25 1993 through Cargo Records.
 Hidden is the third album by Paul Haslinger released in 1996 through Side Effects.
 Smitten is a 1998 album by Buffalo Tom. It was their only album for Polydor Records.Singer/guitarist Bill Janovitz said that as the band members looked over demos in preparation for the album they noticed that keyboards were taking a larger role in their songs than before. [1]Early in the process of putting the album together the band spent time working with guitarist/keyboardist Tom Gorman most well known as a member of Belly.
 Nuclear Blues is an album by the band Blood Sweat & Tears released in 1980. This was the band's eleventh studio album and their first release for MCA/LAX Records. Nuclear Blues was produced by Jerry Goldstein who had previously been known for his work with the band War.
 Austin TV EP is an EP by Austin TV.
 Me Amarás (English: You'll love me) is the second studio album by Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin released on May 25 1993.The album was produced by Juan Carlos Calderón who wrote all the songs in this album except for a Spanish version of Laura Branigan's song Self Control titled Que Día es Hoy and a Spanish version of Hooray! Hooray! It's a Holi-Holiday.
 Glee: The Music The Christmas Album is the fourth soundtrack album by the cast of the American musical television series Glee. The album was released on November 9 2010 and accompanies the season two Christmas episode A Very Glee Christmas aired December 7 2010. Dante Di Loreto and Brad Falchuk serve as the album's executive producers.
 Until the Earth Begins to Part is the debut studio album by Scottish indie folk band Broken Records released on June 1 2009 by 4AD. Prior to the album's release the band released three singles: If the News Makes You Sad Don't Watch It in April 2008 Slow Parade in August 2008 and Lies in November 2008.
 We're Back! is a 1986 album (LP Vinyl) released by the California State University Los Angeles Jazz Ensemble it was the springboard for the Bob Curnow's arrangement of the Pat Metheny work The First Circle. The group proved to be one of the finest college jazz orchestras of that era with having placed in the finals of the Pacific Coast Collegiate Jazz Festival.
 New Kids on the Block - Greatest Hits is the second greatest hits album by New Kids on the Block and their seventh altogether. It was originally released on February 16 1999 with hits from previous albums. On August 12 2008 a new edition of Greatest Hits was released. This was the fourth hits album from the band featuring a new track list (eighteen in total).
 TCV is the third and final album by The Click Five. It was released in Asia in November 2010 on Warner Music and was released in Europe in May 2011 on Lojinx.Three radio singles from the album have been released in Asian markets. They are I Quit! I Quit! I Quit! The Way It Goes and Don't Let Me Go.
 ...Rocks Your Lame Ass is the second studio album by the American rock band Hagfish released in June 1995 on London Records. The album was recorded and produced by Bill Stevenson and Stephen Egerton at The Blasting Room in Fort Collins Colorado in 1994. Backed by the singles Stamp and Happiness which also included music videos that were featured on MTV's 120 Minutes Rocks Your Lame Ass would go on to become the group's most successful effort.
 Searchlights is the first full-length album by Christian rock band Abandon. The album was released on August 25 2009 through ForeFront Records.
 Needle Bed is the first studio album recorded by John Ralston. The album was released on June 6 2006 on Vagrant Records. It was initially released privately and later re-released under the Vagrant label. A music video was shot for the promotional single Gone Gone Gone. Ralston toured with Dashboard Confessional in support of this record.
 Forget About It is the eighth studio album by Alison Krauss released in 1999. It reached number 5 on the Billboard Country Albums chart. The lead-off single Forget About It peaked at number 67 on the Country Singles Chart and Stay reached number 28 on the Adult Contemporary chart.
 Out of True is the fourth studio album by British band The Nightingales. Released in the United Kingdom on 2 October 2006 the album is the band's first since 1986's In The Good Old Country Way. The album was recorded and produced completely in June 2006 in Birmingham.[citation needed] The album contains 3 cover versions Let's Think About Living by Bob Luman Good Boy by Kevin Coyne and There's A New World Just Opening For Me by Ray Davies.
 The Fox is the fifteenth studio album by British singer/songwriter Elton John released in 1981. The track Elton's Song was banned from radio play in some countries due to its content[citation needed] which included references to homosexuality.
 Let It Beat is the second studio album by American rapper Shwayze. It was first announced by Cisco Adler on February 4 2009 via his Myspace page. He also confirmed the song Make A Lil Love in that blog post. A few days later he posted another blog update which confirmed the track Livin' It Up It also confirmed guest appearances from The Knux and Tabi Bonney. On May 8 2009 Cisco announced that the album is entitled Let It Beat and was currently being mixed and mastered.
 Razzle Dazzle is the 17th album by Japanese rock band Buck-Tick released on October 13 2010. Graphic artist Aquirax Uno provided the illustrations for the album's cover. The limited edition came with a DVD of music videos and an interview. It reached number six on both the Oricon chart and Billboard Japan.Dokudanjō Beauty was used as the second ending theme song to the Japanese version of Battlestar Galactica.
 Siren's Song is the second studio album by The Union the English rock band formed by ex-Thunder guitarist Luke Morley and Peter Shoulder (formerly of Winterville). It was released on 3 October 2011.
 The C.D. Version of the First Two Records is the 1994 first CD release of punk rock band Bikini Kill collecting their 1992 eponymous EP and their half of the 1993 EP Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah an album they shared with the band Huggy Bear. The album includes the track Rebel Girl which made #27 on the Rolling Stone list of Most Excellent Songs Of Every Year Since 1967 a playlist assembled by the magazine in 2006 to celebrate its 1000th issue.
 Water and Lights is the fifth album by the jazz pianist Paul Hanmer. It is more reminiscent of Abdullah Ibrahim than Keith Jarrett especially with occasional guitar moments that evoke echoes of George Benson. Jazzy and more discordant than his previous work Salivation Army and to a lesser extent Calling the names of God nonetheless remind of his signature penchant for sweet melody.
 Dansa i neon was released on 13 April 1987 and is an album from Swedish pop singer Lena Philipsson. The album peaked at #19 at the Swedish album chart.
 This article describes the 47th album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 47 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 47 released on August 6 2013 is the 47th edition of the Now! series in the United States.
 Mr. Sad Clown is a music album by the BoDeans which was released April 6 2010. It peaked at number 172 on the Billboard 200 chart and number 26 on the Top Independent Albums chart.
 Ted Nugent: Extended Versions is a compilation album of by the American hard rock guitarist Ted Nugent featuring songs extracted from his live albums.
 Kirk Brandon & The Pack of Lies is the first of two EPs by The Pack released by SS Records in 1980.
 Shine a Light is the soundtrack to The Rolling Stones concert film of the same name directed by Martin Scorsese. It was released on 1 April 2008 in the UK by Polydor Records and one week later in the US by Interscope Records. Two different versions were released one a double disc and the other a single disc.
 En Nuestro Desafio is a CD/DVD by Tristeza released on August 22 2006 by Better Looking Records. The DVD portion contains videos for 12 songs most of which are not on the CD.
 Love Performance is the first live album by Australian singer-songwriter Olivia Newton-John. It was recorded in 1976  during the Love Performance Tour in Japan. The tour promoted her 1976 album Don't Stop Believin'. The album was released only in 1981 by EMI Music Japan (formerly Toshiba EMI).The album was released only on vinyl in Japan. No re-release has been made since the original issue making this a coveted item among Olivia's fans.
 Irv Gotti Presents: The Remixes is the third and final compilation album released by Murder Inc. Records. Released on November 5 2002 the album consisted of both original songs and remixes to previously released songs released under the Murder Inc. label.The album reached a peak of number 24 on the Billboard 200 and number 5 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Legend III:I is the fifth album by the gothic Christian metal band Saviour Machine.
 From Broken Hearts to Blue Skies is an album by Susannah McCorkle released in 1999.
 Lunar Poetry is the debut studio album by Ukrainian black metal band Nokturnal Mortum. It was released on cassette tape in April 1996 through Morbid Noizz and MetalAgen Records.The album was released on CD in 2001 by The End Records.
 Social Intercourse is a solo album by Ratt singer Stephen Pearcy.
 Songlines is the sixth studio album by American slide guitarist Derek Trucks and his group the Derek Trucks Band. This is the group's first studio album to feature an expanded sextet.
 Ode Music is the name of a Will Oldham LP released in 2000. It is the soundtrack to the film of the same name by Kelly Reichardt. The LP is entirely instrumental featuring primarily acoustic guitar piano and organ.The album's cover art is by film director Todd Haynes.
 Retrospective was a 1995 compilation encapsulating Rosanne Cash's sixteen years with Columbia released as she was leaving the label. Rather than relying on radio hits Retrospective focused on lesser known album tracks unreleased material and live recordings. In the years since as Columbia has let the majority of Cash's albums go out of print it has become along with her Greatest Hits collection the primary source for listeners to obtain most of her material.
 Pig Heaven was the second EP by White Zombie under their label Silent Explosion in 1986. Two different pressings of this album were created (the only differences between the two being the different guitarists and the altered cover art) both of which were limited to 500 copies each. It was at this time Peter Landau was replaced by Ivan de Prume (who would stay with the band until after the release of La Sexorcisto: Devil Music Vol.
 Live at Ronnie Scott's is a live album by British jazz singer Jamie Cullum. It consists of songs from the albums Catching Tales and Twentysomething. It is exclusive to iTunes.
 Live in Austin TX is a live album by the sub-group of King Crimson called ProjeKct Three released through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in October 2004.Recorded on March 25 1999 at the Backyard in Austin TX United States.
 Parallel-a-Stitt (subtitled Sonny Stitt on the Varitone) is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1967 and released on the Roulette label. The album represents Stitt's third featuring the varitone an electronic amplification device which altered the saxophone's sound.
 Tristeza on Piano (Portuguese pronunciation: [tɾiʃˈtezɐ]) is a 1970 album by Oscar Peterson.
 Last One Picked is the second studio album by the Christian rock band Superchick. The song Hero appeared in the film To Save a Life. Na Na appeared on the Disney film Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen.
 Livonia is the debut LP by His Name Is Alive. It was originally released on 4AD in the UK in 1990 and in 1992 on 4AD/Rykodisc in the USA.
 Lead Us to Reason is the debut album from Canadian band The Black Maria.
 Glück und Benzin (German: Luck and Gasoline) is the fourth studio album by German recording artist Miss Platnum released by Four Music on March 14 2014 in German-speaking Europe. Her first German language album it marked a transition from the hip hop–driven Balkan pop style from her previous records Chefa (2007) and The Sweetest Hangover (2009) which was largely inspired by her 2012 number-one hit single Lila Wolken with rappers Marteria and Yasha.
 Force of Nature is the debut studio album by American entertainer Tank it was released on March 13 2001 on Blackground Records.The album debuted at #1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart & debuted at #7 on the Billboard 200.
 Greatest Hits is the first compilation disc by Richard Marx sold through Avon. This album contains every single released from Marx's first three discs including an extra track Calling You from the album Rush Street.
 Dance Classics of Chaka Khan is a compilation album of recordings by American R&B/funk singer Chaka Khan released on the Warner Bros.
 Tears Laid in Earth is the first full-length album by the doom metal band The 3rd and the Mortal. This album was the release in which the band was first categorised as a doom metal act; however they have since experimented with genres such as progressive rock jazz and electronica making this their last doom metal release.
 New Horizons is the thirty first studio album by American country music artist Connie Smith. The album was released in March 1978 on Monument Records and was produced by Ray Baker. It was Smith's final studio album released under Monument and contained four singles released between 1977 and 1978 including I Just Want to Be Your Everything.
 Dog Party is a 1994 album by fusion / jazz guitarist Scott Henderson. It is a departure from his prior jazz fusion style releases as he is exploring blues and blues-rock on this album. The album features mostly vocal tunes mixed with some instrumentals. Most of the titles and lyrics are related to dogs usually in a metaphoric way.
 7 is the sixth studio album by Polish rapper O.S.T.R. released on February 24 2006 on Asfalt Records.
 Jaka ja Kayah is a studio album by Polish singer Kayah released in 2000.
 3 Fools 4 April is the first CD/DVD made by the actor Viggo Mortensen released in 2006. The album was recorded at Beyond Baroque Literary Arts Center in Venice California (like his two live albums Live at Beyond Baroque and Live At Beyond Baroque II) on April Fools Day (April 1) of 2005.The album features the reading of Viggo Mortensen his son Henry Mortensen and Scott Wannberg.
 Lloyd Webber Plays Lloyd Webber is a 2001 album by British cellist Julian Lloyd Webber. For the album the musician chose to interpret songs written by his older brother the popular musical theatre composer Andrew Lloyd Webber. The album was recorded with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. The album primarily featured classical musicians with the notable exception of Rod Argent of The Zombies.
 Once Around the World is the second album by British progressive pop/rock band It Bites.Released in 1988 Once Around the World was recorded at Manor Hill Studios in Oxfordshire. The first five of the album's nine tracks (on vinyl or cassette the first side of the album) were produced by Steve Hillage and mostly feature the more single-driven pop approach preferred by the band's label Virgin Records. One of these tracks Black December was a re-recorded single b-side.
 Hane (羽 -hane-) is the first full album by the Japanese artist Kotoko. It was released on April 21 2004. Later on June 20 2006 she released an English version of this album with the same title Hane but without its kanji.
 Waylon Sings Ol' Harlan is a 1967 album by Waylon Jennings on RCA Victor. It consists completely of songs by Harlan Howard. Jennings had a great affection for Howard's songs and most of his 60's albums contain at least one song by Howard. Busted has also been covered by Johnny Cash for Blood Sweat and Tears (1963) and At Folsom Prison (1968) and also Ray Charles.
 Artisan is the studio album recorded by a Japanese singer-songwriter Tatsuro Yamashita. It was released in June 1991 led by a string of hit singles he produced.One of them Endless Game was featured as the theme for a TV drama Yūwaku aired on TBS in 1990. It was released as a single in April 1990 and became his third top-5 hit as a performer on the Japanese Oricon singles chart.
 Discard is an EP by Figurine released in 2002 on 555 Records.
 The Ultimate Escape is the first full length album by Tsunami Bomb released in 2002. Take the Reins was the first single from the album. It also has enhanced CD-ROM features including a live video of the band playing their song No Good Very Bad Day. The album also spawned the first featured video of the band for the single Take the Reins.
 Elevation is the fourth international studio album by Indonesian singer-songwriter Anggun. The album was recorded in English and French. The French version is Anggun's first French release to be fully co-written by her.
 Drive is an album by American banjoist Béla Fleck. The album was produced toward the end of Fleck's New Grass Revival career and before the Flecktones were formed and included an all-star list of bluegrass performers.
 Solomon's Seal is an album recorded in 1972 by folk-rock band Pentangle. It was the last album recorded by the original line-up before the band split in 1973. Jacqui McShee has stated that it is her favourite Pentangle album. The album title refers to the Seal of Solomon — a mythical signet ring with magical powers sometimes associated with the pentagram symbol adopted by Pentangle.Solomon's Seal was recorded at Sound Techniques studio London between February and March 1972.
 For the Masses is a 1998 tribute album to Depeche Mode specifically the works of Martin Gore.
 Big Disco is Escanaba Firing Line's first full-length album released in 2006. The album features artwork and design by Jesse Younce.
 Jazz at the Hi-Hat is a live album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt and Eddie Davis recorded in Boston in 1954 and originally released on the Roost label as a four track 10 inch LP. The original album has been expanded with additional material and released on CD in two volumes.
 Godhead was Lowlife's third album released in 1989 in Scotland on Nightshift Records an independent music record label. The LP had been recorded at Pet Sounds Studios in Glasgow Scotland. Prior to the recording of the album original guitarist Stuart Everest had been asked to leave the group by the other bandmembers and was replaced by Hamish McIntosh.
 High Voltage is a live album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1968 and 1969 and released on the Atlantic label.
 The Runaways is the debut album by the American all-female rock band The Runaways released in 1976.Website Allmusic has praised the record (especially band members Cherie Currie Joan Jett and Lita Ford) comparing the band's music to material by Led Zeppelin Aerosmith and Guns N' Roses.According to multiple sources including Cherie Currie (in her memoir Neon Angel) the liner notes of the Raven Records release of The Runaways and Fox herself Blondie bassist Nigel Harrison played bass on the first album due to manager Kim Fowley refusing to let Fox play on the record.The documentary film Edgeplay: A film about The Runaways states that the album's first track Cherry Bomb was written ad hoc during the audition of lead singer Cherie Currie and is indeed referring to her. 
 A Fistful of...4-Skins is the second studio album by English punk rock/Oi! band The 4-Skins released in 1983 by Syndicate Records. In comparison to The 4-Skins' previous material A Fistful Of...4-Skins featured a slower heavier more melodic hard rock-based sound.Less successful than its predecessor the album charted outside the Top 30 on the UK independent chart. The band members claimed that this was due to chart manipulation.
 Scheherazade and Other Stories is a 1975 album by progressive rock band Renaissance. Some critics consider it their best album although others prefer earlier albums.This is the first album in which Renaissance (Annie Haslam's version) did not use quotes from actual classical pieces. Contrary to popular belief Song of Scheherazade is not based on Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov's Scheherazade but does have a recurring six-note motif that alludes to that work.
 Canción de Alerta is the first album by the Puerto Rican reggae band Cultura Profética. It was recorded in Jamaica at Marley Music Studios and released in 1998 under the Tuff Gong label.
 The Stash Spot is a digital album by rapper EDIDON of Outlawz It was released on March 23 2010.
 Kele Mou Bana is an album by American jazz pianist Don Pullen and the African-Brazilian Connection recorded in 1990 for the Blue Note label.
 One Night to Remember Seal's second live album was recorded at the Kesselhaus in Düsseldorf Germany. The 2006 release was a two-disc set containing an audio CD as well as a DVD which featured a video registration of the entire concert. Among the songs which were performed that night were Seal's hit singles Killer (originally written and recorded together with Adamski) Crazy and Kiss from a Rose as well as a cover of the Neil Young song Don't Let It Bring You Down.
 Live Dates 3 is a live album from the rock band Wishbone Ash. It was recorded live at le Plan in Ris Orangis Paris on 22 October 1999.
 Construção is a studio album recorded by the Brazilian musician Chico Buarque in 1971. It represents a great change in the manner of his artistic style.
 Sweet (スウィート Sūīto) is the debut studio album by Chara which was released on November 11 1991. It debuted at #64 on the Japanese Oricon album charts and charted in the top 200 for two weeks. It eventually sold 11000 copies making it Chara's least sold album.It was preceded by her debut single Heaven in September. The album also had two re-cut singles: the title track Sweet (released in January) and a remix single called No Toy (Re-Mix) featuring three alternative mixes of album tracks.
 Emotion is the sixth studio album from Martina McBride released in 1999. The song I Love You became McBride's biggest hit single to date after it reached #1 on the country charts and peaked at #24 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album ends with two covers Goodbye by Patty Griffin and Gretchen Peters' This Uncivil War from Peters' 1996 debut album The Secret of Life. In the U.S. the album was certified Gold on10/20/1999 and Platinum on 9/15/2000 by the R.I.A.A.
 Whatever Gets You Through the Day is the third (and so-far final) album released by UK duo Lighthouse Family in 2001 on Wildcard / Polydor.[citation needed] The album produced one Top 10 hit (I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel to Be) Free / One one Top 30 hit Run and one Top 60 single Happy. It reached Platinum status.
 8 Miles High was meant to be the debut album of Australian nu-metal band Superheist. Due to problems with record company and line-up changes it was released as an EP instead.Like the previous Ep Chrome Matrix 8 Miles High was recorded at Backbeach Studios in Rye Victoria by D.W Norton and Mark Rachelle.This EP had lineup changes in the form of Si Durrant leaving just post of recording Drew Dedman came in to fill his shoes and keyboardist Fetah Sebawi was now a permanent member of the band.
 Earth Wind & Fire: Live By Request is a DVD released by the band Earth Wind & Fire on Feb 26 2002 onSony Music of the band's performance on the A&E network's live concert series Live By Request. The recording was made on July 17 1999.
 Angerville is the third release by Seven Years of Northampton UK and the first release on Jaws 2 Records.
 Vrooom is a mini-album by the band King Crimson released in 1994 a companion to the subsequent album Thrak (1995).All of the tracks on Vrooom (with the exception of Cage and When I Say Stop Continue) reappeared on Thrak as different recordings. The Thrak versions were mixed in a way which more clearly separates the individual parts played by band members while the Vrooom versions are recorded in more of a naturalistic way.
 Twist (1994) is the third solo album by New Zealand singer-songwriter Dave Dobbyn his first recorded in New Zealand after almost a decade living overseas. It was produced by Neil Finn. The album was released in the USA with a slightly altered track listing and some tracks replaced by songs from his previous album. First single Language reached number four on the New Zealand charts.
 Serious Times is a 2010 album by the roots reggae artist Horace Andy. The album features a band made up of veteran reggae musicians including drummer Leroy Horsemouth Wallace keyboard player Lloyd Obeah Denton and saxophonist Dean Fraser. It was produced by German reggae producer Andreas Brotherman Christophersen.
 Sangam is a live album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd recorded in Santa Barbara California in May 2004 by Lloyd with Zakir Hussain and Eric Harland.
 That's What Friends Are For is a 1978 album by Johnny Mathis and Deniece Williams released on Columbia Records. The album went to number 19 on the Pop Albums chart and number 14 on the Black Albums chart.
 Exhaust is an album by Montreal based band Exhaust. It was released in 1998 on Constellation Records.
 Flow is a 2005 jazz album by Grammy winning trumpeter Terence Blanchard released through Blue Note and was nominated for a Grammy Award Best Jazz Instrumental Album in 2005.
 Fauxliage is a musical project made by members of the Canadian electronic music group Delerium (which in turn is made up largely of members of the seminal industrial band Front Line Assembly) and Leigh Nash of Sixpence None the Richer in 2007. The vocals are performed exclusively by Nash.Many of the songs from this album have been on the soundtrack of the television series Moonlight.
 Happenings is an album by American jazz pianist Hank Jones and composer/arranger Oliver Nelson featuring performances recorded in 1966 for the Impulse! label.
 Appetite for Destruction is the debut studio album by American hard rock band Guns N' Roses released on July 21 1987 on Geffen Records. It was well received by critics and topped the American Billboard 200 chart. As of September 2008 the album has been certified 18 times Platinum by the RIAA making it the best-selling record released on Geffen. The album is featured in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
 The Fall is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Norah Jones released November 17 2009 on Blue Note Records.The album debuted at number three on the Billboard 200 selling 180000 copies in its first week becoming the second lowest first week for a Jones album after Come Away with Me and a step aside Little Broken Hearts. The album has sold more than three million copies worldwide.
 I Have Dreamed is an album recorded by The Lettermen.
 Hitler Bad Vandals Good is the seventh studio album by the southern California punk rock band The Vandals released in 1998 by Nitro Records. Much of the album is characterized by the pop-punk music and humorous lyrics for which the band is known and it became their most popular and commercially successful album to date.
 Kicked out of hell is the second album of the Welsh psychobilly band Demented Are Go. As the debut-album it is released on the ID Records label. It's the first record to feature Lex Luther on guitar and Graeme Grant on bass. As on their previous record the band did a cover-version of a classic Rock'n'Roll song with some lyrical adaptations.
 Live at the Greek Theatre 2008 is a live album released by musician Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band in 2010. It is one of few current albums that Ringo Starr has released on a major label this one being released on Universal Music Group as well as his 2008 studio album Liverpool 8 which was released under Capitol Records.
 Mink Car is the eighth studio album by They Might Be Giants released on September 11 2001 on the Restless Records label.One of the band's most eclectic efforts its variety reflects its recording process; it was put together in a number of different studios with a number of different guest artists and producers around the country as the band toured between 1999 and 2001.It runs the gamut from pure power-pop songs such as Bangs and Finished With Lies to dance music (Man It's So Loud In Here) and soft romantic ballads (Another First Kiss). 
 The Spirits Of Our Ancestors is an album by pianist Randy Weston and was recorded in 1991. While all of the compositions (with the exception of one traditional Moroccan song) were penned by Weston himself the music on the album is more specifically a collaborative arranging effort between Weston and arranger Melba Liston.
 The Bruisers' album Better Days! was released on 2001 by Taang! Records. This album contains two previously released albums. The first is the album Up In Flames which was originally released in 1995 on Lost and Found Records. Band member Jeff Moris says in the Better Days! liner notes that the band wanted the album to be titled Better Days. The second release on this album is Still Standing Up which was also released on Lost and Found Records in 1996.
 Weather Underground is the second and final album by Scottish indie rock band Geneva released in 2000 on Nude Records. It charted at #117 in the UK.
 Killing Fields is an album by the American production trio called the Molemen. The album boasts a wide variety of guests from New York as well as the midwest.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album released in 2001 by D.R.I. According to the band the label released the compilation without listening to it resulting in incorrect track list and audio ticking.The album was initially released in two different titles: the 2004 reissue was released as Dirty Rotten Hitz while the 2005 version was released as Thrashkore Retrospektif.
 Rock'n With Father Mike is a 7 inch Split EP released by Anti-Flag and The Bad Genes. It contains some of the oldest Anti-Flag recordings as it was released in 1993 when they had newly formed the band. Possibly the rarest Anti-Flag record it is highly sought after by fans today. The title is a reference to a punk rock preacher who was known as Father Mike. There are three known versions of the record. One has a pink cover one has a light blue cover and one has a yellow cover.
 Self-Inflicted Aerial Nostalgia is the third album by Dayton Ohio musical group Guided by Voices.
 Live from Lawrence was the fourth album in the Fresh Sounds From Middle America series of compilation albums and like the previous album in the series it was a collaborative effort by Fresh Sounds Records and the KJHK radio station.
 Swinging Doors is an album by country singer Merle Haggard released in 1966. The album is sometimes called Swinging Doors and The Bottle Let Me Down although the second half of this title is actually an advertisement for the other big single on the album (The Bottle Let Me Down) besides the title track. The real title is highlighted in blue corresponding with Merle's name.
 Try Honesty is an EP released by Canadian band Billy Talent in 2001. The EP was recorded and mixed by Justin Koop and Billy Talent at The Music Gym in Burlington Ontario. The first version of the EP features black and white lettering on an all green background. The re-released version has black and white lettering with a picture of the band on a red background.
 Because I Got High is the second studio album by Afroman. The record was released on T-Bones Records in 2000. It is considered to be his breakthrough album as it contained his most popular song Because I Got High.Because I Got High went to Number One on the New Zealand charts where it stayed for four weeks in 2000. The songs Because I Got High Mississippi Hush Tumbleweed She Won't Let Me Fuck Tall Cans and American Dream were used on The Good Times in 2001.
 Keep Moving is the fifth album by the British ska band Madness from 1984. It was the last Madness album prior to their 1999 comeback album Wonderful to feature Mike Barson.The US/Canadian pressing had a different running order and included the singles Wings of a Dove and The Sun and the Rain neither of which were on the standard UK version.
 Word of Mouth is the twentieth studio album by the English rock group The Kinks. Do It Again was released as a single from the album in 1985.
 Telegraphs in Negative/Mouths Trapped in Static is the second double album by the Canadian musical collective Set Fire to Flames. The album was recorded in the span of several months in late 2002 and was then published by both Alien8 Recordings and FatCat Records in 2003.The album itself was recorded in a barn in rural Ontario Canada. The recording atmosphere was decidedly informal—the sounds of the band members talking and moving around can be readily heard during the albums quiet moments.
 The Triptych is the third full-length album by metalcore band Demon Hunter which was released October 25 2005. Produced by Aaron Sprinkle (Emery Fair) and mixed by Machine (Lamb of God) The Triptych had three different album covers—implying a traditional triptych—by Dan Seagrave.The album hit the No.
 That's All! is a 1966 live album by Sammy Davis Jr. recorded at the Sands Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip.
 Renaissance is Lionel Richie's sixth studio album which was released on October 16 2000. Bonus tracks on international albums include Shout It To The World Just Can't Say Goodbye and Angel (Boogieman Extended Remix). Tonight was produced by Rodney Darkchild Jerkins.
 Live at The Triple Door is a live album recorded and released by The Courage in 2008 when they were still known as Noah Gundersen & the Courage. The set was performed at the venue and lounge 'The Triple Door' in Seattle Washington. It is the only recording by The Courage to feature the full band.
 Reflections is a first solo album by singer Candice Night of Blackmore's Night released in 2011. In comparison with their previous releases the album contains more modern sounds and consists of mostly soft rock ballads. It featured the single Call It Love (USA) or the radio single Gone Gone Gone (Europe).
 A Good Kind of Nervous is the fourth album by The Lucksmiths released in 1997 on Candle Records (catalogue number LUCKY5.)
 A Tale of Two Cellos is a recording of twenty one duets for two cellos and piano (or harp) ranging from the sixteenth century Monteverdi to the twenty-first century Arvo Pärt. The recording features cellists Julian Lloyd Webber and his wife Jiaxin Cheng as well as pianist John Lenehan harpist Catrin Finch and two former BBC Young Musician of the Year winners Guy Johnston and Laura van der Heijden.It was released by Naxos Records in September 2013.
 Finn is the first album by The Finn Brothers a music project of New Zealand brothers Tim and Neil Finn.The album was produced by Tchad Blake and the Finn Brothers in Auckland New Zealand. The songs Angels Heap and Suffer Never were both released as singles.
 Live and Loud!! is the first live album by punk band Sham 69 recorded in 1979 and released in 1987 (see 1987 in music).
 Rich Mullins' first self-titled solo album was released in 1986 on Reunion Records.
 3750 is the second album by The Acacia Strain released in 2004.
 Voice (stylized as VOICE) is a Japanese studio album by South Korean boy band 2AM. This is their first full length Japanese album.The new album contains twelve songs including a song 無邪気な笑顔で self-composed by its member Chang Min.
 Kool Herc: Fertile Crescent is an EP by American rapper Homeboy Sandman. It was released in May 2013 under Stones Throw Records.
 Organized Konfusion is the eponymous debut album by Queens Hip Hop duo Organized Konfusion released in October 1991 on Hollywood BASIC. The album and the group have received a large cult following throughout the years. The record was originally given a rating of 4 out of 5 in The Source in January 1992. The effort has received perfect ratings from many sources including Allmusic and RapReviews.
 We Were Alive! is a live album by folk rock band Angels of Light. It was released in 2002 and contains two songs previously recorded by Swans. It was limited to 750 copies on release.The earnings from the record sales were used for the production of Angels of Light's next studio release Everything Is Good Here/Please Come Home.
 Autophysiopsychic is an album by American multi-instrumentalist and composer Yusef Lateef recorded in 1977 and released on the CTI label.
 The Whitey Album is a 1988 album by Ciccone Youth a side project of Sonic Youth members Steve Shelley Kim Gordon Lee Ranaldo and Thurston Moore with Minutemen/Firehose member Mike Watt. The album is a tongue-in-cheek tribute to Madonna and 80s pop in general.
 Released in 2001´01 is the seventh solo album by the Slovak singer Richard Müller. Müller wrote most of the lyrics and due to the death of his favourite composer Jaro Filip Müller also composed half of the music. The album was critically well received and placed at number 9 in the Czech musicserver.cz's list of the 25 best Czech and Slovak albums of the decade.
 Be'ezrat Ha'Jam (בעזרת הג'אם) is Hadag Nachash's fourth studio album. The name of the album a pun on the Jewish phrase Be'ezrat Ha'Shem (בעזרת השם) literally meaning with the help of god or translated into modern speech God willing literally means with the help of the jam. Three songs California Ma She'Ba Ba and Hine Ani Ba were used in the film You Don't Mess With The Zohan (2009).
 A Gerald Walker Christmas is the first Christmas album by American rapper Gerald Walker released by One Step at a Time Music on December 20th 2010 in the United States.
 The Third Antichrist is the third full-length album by the Swedish blackened death metal band Necrophobic. It was recorded and mixed at Sunlight studios in Stockholm Sweden December 1998 - June 1999 and released by Black Mark Production in October 1999. The cover was designed by Jens Ryden and Michael Semprevivo.
 Ital Dub is an album by Augustus Pablo originally released in 1974 and sees Tommy Cowan and Warwick Lyn replacing Clive Chin on production duties. The album also features King Tubby as Engineer a role he would later reprise a number of times during Pablo's career.NB : Ital Dub is also the name of a Studio One Dub album by Dub Specialist produced by C.S. Dodd http://www.downbeat-special.co.uk/DUB/italdub.html
 Mustang! is an album by American trumpeter Donald Byrd featuring performances by Byrd with Sonny Red Hank Mobley McCoy Tyner Walter Booker and Freddie Waits recorded in 1966 and released on the Blue Note label in 1965 as BLP 4238. The CD reissue included two bonus tracks recorded in 1964.
 Souled is the title of the sixth studio album by singer-songwriter & producer Thomas Anders. It was released in 1995 and was produced by Peter Wolf (Starship). The album featured covers of The Beatles' Michelle Stephanie Mills' Never Knew Love Like This Before and a duet with The Pointer Sisters on Feel for the Physical. Road To Higher Love A Little Bit Of Lovin' and Never Knew Love Like This Before were released as singles.
 Visual Audio Sensory Theater is the debut album by the band VAST released on April 28 1998 by Elektra Records. The album mixed samples of Benedictine monks of the Abbey of Saint-Maur and Le Mystère Des Voix Bulgares with an 18-piece orchestra guitars and electronics. Jon Crosby originally signed onto Elektra Records when he was only 17 and recorded his demo EP VAST Is... which featured certain songs to be featured on their debut in an unfinished form.
 No Rewind is an album released by The Orchestra in 2001 and reissued in 2005 and again in 2006. Produced by Eric Troyer Parthenon Huxley and Jim Jacobsen No Rewind was recorded without a single penny from any record label. 10 tracks and more were recorded in studios in Los Angeles and New York over a two-and-a-half year period.Three versions were released with three different cover designs. The first pressing cover art was simply silver/grey with the band logo in black.
 Live in Manchester is a double live album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Slash featuring Alter Bridge frontman Myles Kennedy. The album was recorded by Abbey Road Live during Slash's solo show at the Manchester Academy on July 3 2010. Copies of the album were limited to 1200 with 350 being sold at the show itself.
 Four Sail is the fourth album by the American rock band Love released in 1969.
 Destination Time Tomorrow is an EP by grindcore band Graf Orlock. This is the second chapter of the Destination Time trilogy named after the controversial UCLA screenplay. Tomorrow contains songs featuring movies from the 1980s through the 2000s and films influenced by future elements including science fiction. The album packaging featured the CD wrapped in a cardboard facehugger from Alien and the 10 LP has a pop-up chestburster in the middle of its gatefold cover.
 Best Of The Worst: 93-97 is a two LP/CD compilation album by Memphis garage-rock band the Oblivians. It was released on September 28 1999 by Sympathy for the Record Industry. The album features career-spanning and previously unreleased Oblivians rarities B-sides and live cuts. The liner notes chronicling the band's roots formation and various anecdotes were written by '68 Comeback founder Jeffrey Evans. [1]
 Dragon Ball Z: The Best Selections (ドラゴンボールＺ　ザ・ベスト・セレクションズ Doragon Bōru Zetto Za Besuto Serekushonzu) is a compilation soundtrack made up of various songs from the anime Dragon Ball Z. It was released April 21 1995 in Japan only. This album not only includes the standard theme songs but it includes songs that were bonus tracks to the movie theme song singles and from Music Fantasy.
 F'Real is the first album by hip hop artist Murs. It was released by the Independent record label Veritech Records in 1997 and is very rare.
 Timeless Tales for Changing Times is a 1998 album by jazz saxophonist Joshua Redman. Many of the tracks featured pay tribute to the composers listed in parentheses.
 Hijack is an album by Amon Düül II from 1974 released by Atlantic Records. It was distributed in the UK by WEA Records.
 Get Lucky is the second album released by the hard rock band Loverboy in 1981. The album reached number 7 on the Billboard 200 album chart remaining on the chart for over two years and has sold over 4 million copies in the United States.
 Frontal Assault is the third album by British heavy metal band Angel Witch. The album was released in 1986 through Killerwatt Records. This is the first Angel Witch record featuring Spencer Hollman on drums.
 Kid Rock is the self-titled sixth album by Kid Rock his fourth Atlantic Records album. It was released in 2003. It was critically acclaimed by Rolling Stone Magazine they named it one of the 50 Greatest Albums of 2003. This is the last album to feature the genres rap metal and hip-hop before Rock crossed over to more country rock. Black Bob and  JacksonMississippi were recorded for his 1996 album Early Mornin Stoned Pimp in 1995 but were left off the album.
 A Kylie Christmas is the fifth extended play by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue. It was released digitally on 30 November 2010 by Parlophone. A re-edition titled A Christmas Gift was released on 1 December 2010 with three songs including Aphrodite and Can't Beat the Feeling from Minogue's eleventh studio album Aphrodite. Minogue's cover of the 1953 song Santa Baby first appeared as a B-side to her 2000 single Please Stay.
 The Carnegie Hall Concerts: January 1946 is a live album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded at Carnegie Hall in New York in 1946 and released on the Prestige label in 1977.
 Let Our Violins Be Heard is the fourth studio album by the rock group Scapegoat. It was released on October 21 2005.
 Words On The Floor is the debut album by singer-songwriter Tommy Reilly released on September 21 2009. Produced by the Grammy and Brit Award-winning Bernard Butler and recorded in Edwyn Collins's studio. There were three tracks offered on iTunes only for pre-ordering the album.
 Mannheim Steamroller Christmas Live is Mannheim Steamroller's fourth Christmas album overall and was first released in 1997. It is a recorded live performance which includes variations on the arranged tracks featured in previous Steamroller albums.A companion DVD of the concert was also released.
 Great Danger is the fourth studio album by American pop punk band The Audition released through Victory Records on March 16 2010. The first single from the album is the third track You Ruined This.
 The Daddy of 'Em All is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb released in 1957.
 One More Road is an album by Pentangle. It was released in the UK on the Permanent label PERM CD 11 in 1993. In Germany it was released in 1993 on SPV Records SPV M29235. The notable change is that Peter Kirtley (b 1945) replaces Rod Clements.It was reissued along with Live 1994 on CD in 2007.
 The Madcap Laughs is the debut solo album by the English singer-songwriter Syd Barrett. It was recorded after Barrett had left Pink Floyd in April 1968.
 Boulder released on January 26 2005 is the seventh original album by the Japanese band m.o.v.e. The catalogue code for this album is AVCT-10152/B with a bonus DVD and AVCT-10153 without one. DOGFIGHT and Noizy Tribe were both featured as opening theme songs for Initial D: Fourth Stage while Nobody reason～ノアの方舟 was used as one of the ending songs.
 Snapshot is the fourth solo album by Deep Purple bassist Roger Glover released in September 2002 by Eagle Records. It features Randall Bramblett Warren Haynes and Gillian Glover (Roger's daughter). It is credited to Roger Glover & The Guilty Party.
 The Very Best of Jackie Wilson is a 1993 album by Jackie Wilson.
 Grey Britain is the second album by English hardcore punk band Gallows released 2 May 2009 through Warner Bros. Records. It is their last album to feature lead singer Frank Carter and their first with guitarist Steph Carter writing and recording.
 Please Smile My Noise Bleed is an album by the Icelandic group múm. It was released on the Morr Music label in 2001.
 NOW + 4EVA is the fifth studio album by Australian indie pop band Architecture in Helsinki. It was released in Australia on 28 March 2014 through the band's own imprint Casual Workout via Inertia. The group will also embark on a tour of the east coast of Australia in support of the album.
 BBC Radio Sessions is a compilation of live performances by British band The Bluetones on BBC Radio 1 between the years of 1994 and 2000.The first thousand editions sold included a lyric sheet signed by Mark Morriss.Morriss also penned the liner notes:
 More commonly Automotive Network ExchangeAnx is the fourth studio album from American alternative hip hop duo Dark Time Sunshine. It was released on Fake Four Inc. in 2012.
 Live in the House of God is a live album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle released in one-sided LP by A Silent Place in 2008.
 They is the second album by avant-garde band King Missile released in 1988.
 Tent of Miracles is the thirteenth studio album by the band Spirit released through Line Records in 1990.
 Projector (stylized : projector or on the reissue p.r.o.j.e.c.t.o.r.) is the fourth full-length studio album by the melodic death metal band Dark Tranquillity.
 Maestro is an album by American blues artist Taj Mahal. It was nominated for Best Contemporary Blues Album at the 2009 Grammy Awards (but lost out to Dr. John and the Lower 911's City That Care Forgot). The release of Maestro marked the 40th anniversary of Taj Mahal's career as a recording artist.
 Since We Met: The Best of 1996–2006 is the first compilation album by Canadian singer-songwriter Chantal Kreviazuk. Its tracks include all of her singles except for Believer Hands and Souls. There are no new songs on the album but her cover of The Beatles' In My Life previously only available on the Providence soundtrack is included as a bonus track.
 Welterwerk is the first full-length album by Norwegian extreme metal band Drottnar released on Endtime Productions in 2006.
 The Very Best Of Blancmange (2012) is a double CD compilation of Blancmange singles album and non-album tracks and remixes from their first three albums. It contains one new track Making Aeroplanes (Without Victoria).
 Fabric 26 is a DJ mix compilation album by Global Communication as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 A Partridge Family Christmas Card was originally released as a vinyl album of Christmas music in 1971. The case of the album contains a reproduction of a Christmas card that was signed by the whole Partridge Family the stars of a 1970s sitcom. The song My Christmas Card to You was original but the remainder of the tracks were standards. Like most of the Partridge Family songs the lead vocals are sung by David Cassidy who played Keith Partridge in the show.
 For the 2003 album by Out of Eden see Love Peace & Happiness.Love Peace and Happiness is a double album by soul artists The Chambers Brothers which was released in December 1969 according to Amazon.com.This album was released as a double-LP which was composed of some live material recorded at Bill Graham's Fillmore East and some studio recordings.In Love Peace and Happiness the phrase That's one small step for a man a giant leap for mankind is paraphrased as Its a small step for man but its a giant leap for all mankind.
 The Incident is the tenth studio album by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree. It was released on 14 September 2009 by Roadrunner Records. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Surround Sound Album and reached the Top 25 on both the US and UK album charts.
 An Hysteric Return: P.D.Q. Bach at Carnegie Hall is live recording of a P. D. Q. Bach concert in Carnegie Hall and was released on Vanguard Records in 1966.
 El Enemy de los Guasíbiri is the first compilation album by Tego Calderón. The album is considered to be an important factor to reggaeton's mainstream exposure in 2004 alongside Daddy Yankee's Barrio Fino and Ivy Queen's Diva.
 Electric Sea is the thirty-fifth studio album by avant-garde guitarist Buckethead. It is the sequel to his 2002 release “Electric Tears”.The album was announced on December 20 2011 via City Hall Records and contains 11 tracks.
 Autumn in New York is a 1950 album by Jo Stafford re-released in 1997 with extra tracks. With Paul Weston And His Orchestra. The album was re-released in 1997 on CD along with 1953's Starring Jo Stafford on the EMI label.
 Live At Beyond Baroque II is the second live album from the actor Viggo Mortensen released on 2004. The album was recorded on the literary space Beyond Baroque in Venice California as well as his last live album Live At Beyond Baroque of 1999.The album features the collaboration from Marvin Bell (Iowa Poet Laureate) Mighty Mike McGee (2003 National Poetry Slam Champion) Patricia Smith (author of Close to Death nominee for the Pulitzer in journalism) Luis J.
 Bleeding Star is the final album released in 1993 by New Zealand band Jean-Paul Sartre Experience.
 Death Walks Behind You is the second studio album by British rock band Atomic Rooster. It was their first album to receive US release albeit in a different sleeve. It is commonly thought of as the archetypal Atomic Rooster album recorded by the 'classic' line-up of Vincent Crane John Du Cann and Paul Hammond. It is certainly critically and commercially their most successful album and often hailed as a classic of the progressive rock genre.
 Live Train To Heartbreak Station is a live album by Cinderella released in 1991 as an import.
 The Big Soul-Band (also released as Wade in the Water) is an album by the Johnny Griffin Orchestra led by jazz saxophonist Johnny Griffin featuring arrangements by Norman Simmons. It was released on the Riverside label in 1960.
 To Fili Tis Zois is the soundtrack album from the film of the same name. It was released in November 2007 by Sony BMG Greece. The album contains the film score which is composed by Soumka (Christos Soumkas) and also features songs by Elena Paparizou and Giorgos Sampanis. The soundtrack's title track sung by Elena Paparizou was released as a single and became a hit.
 Concerto in True Minor is the debut studio release of the metal/classical combining project True Symphonic Rockestra.
 Thuggin' is the first collaborative EP by rapper Freddie Gibbs and hip hop producer Madlib. It was released on November 21 2011 through Madlib Invazion. The EP serves as a preview for their 2014 full-length debut Piñata.
 The Notorious K.I.M. is the second studio album by rapper Lil' Kim released on June 27 2000. It debuted at number four on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart selling 230000 in its first week among Kim's highest peaks and biggest first week sales yet and reached the top of the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. A commercial success The Notorious K.I.M.
 Turnin' Back The Pages is a compilation released by Stephen Stills from his years with Columbia Records and the Super Session album. It was released in 2003.
 Casino Classics is the debut album by British indie pop band Comet Gain.　The liner notes were provided by Television Personalities frontman Dan Treacy.
 Return is a Korean language EP by South Korean band F.T. Island released on May 24 2011. The album contains 5 songs a music video was shot for the title song Hello Hello.
 Wasting Light is the seventh studio album by American rock band Foo Fighters. It was released on April 12 2011 on RCA Records. Wishing to capture the essence of the group's earlier work and avoid the artificiality of digital recording frontman Dave Grohl arranged for the band to record in his garage in Encino California using only analog equipment. The sessions were supervised by producer Butch Vig with whom Grohl had worked on Nirvana's Nevermind.
 Peace Face is a studio album from Tiger & the Helix released September 21 1994 on Arcturian Gate.
 The Spangle Maker is an EP by the Scottish post-punk band Cocteau Twins released on 4AD records in April 1984. It was the first recording to be released after Simon Raymonde joined the band. The EP features two versions of Pearly-Dewdrops' Drops and two B-sides all of which have been performed live.The Spangle Maker and Pepper-Tree were recorded at the Palladium Studios in Edinburgh and mixed at Rooster in West London. Pearly-Dewdrops' Drops was recorded at Rooster.
 Come Back My Children is a compilation album by Fatima Mansions consisting of all eight tracks from Against Nature along with other early singles and B-sides and covers of Stigmata by Ministry and Lady Godiva's Operation by The Velvet Underground. Its title is derived from a lyric in On Suicide Bridge.
 Tender Lover is the second album by American R&B singer-songwriter and musician Babyface. It is the follow-up to his debut Lovers (1986). It was his first album with SOLAR (Sound of Los Angeles Records) after the label entered into a distribution deal with Epic Records. Tender Lover is notable for being one of the recordings where the album tracks received more attention than the singles released in the Quiet Storm radio format.
 Pieces of the Sun is Tony Levin's third solo record. It is an often jazzy progressive rock instrumental record. It features the Tony Levin Band which includes Levin on bass guitars stick and cello Jerry Marotta on drums Larry Fast playing synthesisers and Jesse Gress on guitars. The California Guitar Trio accompanies the quartet on the opening track Apollo. In addition to his percussion duties Marotta plays acoustic guitar Omnichord and saxophone on the record.
 This Italian album by Dalida shares some songs with the previous albums and contains her Italian version of her hit Le temps des fleurs titled Quelli erano giorni.
 Master of Illusion is the 4th studio album of the power metal band Power Quest which was recorded in November/December 2007 and has been released worldwide on 25 April 2008.
 Truth Or Dare is the fourth compilation album by the German band Oomph! released under GUN. The band re-recorded 14 of their songs in English. The songs God Is a Popstar and The Power of Love had already been recorded in English previously. Some of the titles as well as lyrics have been changed rather than directly translated. Augen Auf! (Eyes Open) has become Ready or Not (I'm Coming).
 DAAS Icon (also known as Icon) is the first studio album recorded and released by Australian comedy trio the Doug Anthony All Stars. Released in 1990 it features the singles I Want to Spill the Blood of a Hippy and Bottle. Icon went on to become the highest-selling independent album in Australia but was banned in the UK due to a reference to the IRA in the song KRSNA.
 Friends with Benefit: Music from the Television Series One Tree Hill Volume 2 was released on February 7 2006 and a portion of the proceeds were donated to The National Breast Cancer Foundation. Volume II: Friends With Benefit features songs from the teen drama One Tree Hill which airs on The CW). Some artists that recorded songs featured on this album (and show) are Gavin DeGraw Fall Out Boy and Audioslave as well as leukemia survivor Andrew McMahon and his band Jack's Mannequin.
 Here 'Tis is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label in 1961 and performed by Donaldson with Baby Face Willette Grant Green and Dave Bailey.
 Startin' Fires is the fifth studio album released from American country music singer Blake Shelton. The album was released on November 18 2008 (see 2008 in country music) on Warner Bros. Nashville. Its lead-off single She Wouldn't Be Gone is Shelton's fourteenth Top 40 country hit and on the chart week of February 7 2009 became his fifth Number One on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. I'll Just Hold On is the album's second single. For Starting Fires Shelton co-wrote two tracks.
 3 (despite the title) is the fourth album by Violent Femmes released in early 1989. The songs on 3 are performed by the three members of the band playing only drums bass and guitar with only the addition of keyboards and saxophone. Chris Woodstra of Allmusic noted that the fans of the band's early days would appreciate the slightly stripped-back acoustic production. The song Fat was later featured in the documentary Super Size Me.
 Like A Dog is the sixth studio album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin released in October 2005. It was an internet only release. The tracks were recorded at Nomad Recording Studios Carrollton Texas in April and May 2003. The album was recorded and nearly 2 years later a fan got a petition of over 1000 signatures to release the album. Izzy agreed and made the album and artwork available on www.Scootersteez.com.
 Act II: The Father of Death is the second album by indie rock band The Protomen and the follow-up to the band's self-titled debut.
 Must Have Done Something Right EP is the sixth EP and the Australian-only release for the single Must Have Done Something Right by the Christian rock band Relient K. It features the songs Must Have Done Something Right which is a single from their 2007 album Five Score and Seven Years Ago Apathetic Way to Be Up and Up (Acoustic) and Fallen Man.
 Crystal Visions – The Very Best of Stevie Nicks is a compilation album (ninth album overall) released by American singer-songwriter and Fleetwood Mac vocalist Stevie Nicks. It features songs from her solo career as well as her career with Fleetwood Mac. It includes her hit singles a dance remix and one new track a live version of Led Zeppelin's Rock and Roll. Three singles were culled from the album: Rock and Roll Landslide and a remixed version of Stand Back.
 Beatin' the Odds is the third studio album by American southern rock band Molly Hatchet released in 1980 (see 1980 in music). This is the first album with new vocalist Jimmy Farrar who replaced Danny Joe Brown. A remastered edition of the album was issued in 2008 by Rock Candy Records with four live bonus tracks and extensive liner notes. The remastering was directed by famous British producer Jon Astley.
 Salt Rain is a 2001 album by Susheela Raman. The album was a Mercury Music Prize nominee.
 21st Century is the ninth album of Blue System. Was published in 1994 by BMG Ariola and produced by Dieter Bohlen.The album contains 12 new tracks.
 I Gineka Tis Zois Sou is the debut album of popular Greek singer Marianta Pieridi. It was released in Greece in June 2002 by Universal Music Greece.
 An Evening of Yes Music Plus is a live album by the English progressive rock side project Anderson Bruford Wakeman Howe (ABWH). Released on 12 October 1993 it was recorded at the Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain View California on 9 September 1989 in a concert that was shown live on pay-per-view in the United States.The album contains material from ABWH's self-titled album songs from past Yes records and excerpts from keyboardist Rick Wakeman's solo work.
 Already Here is the fourth album by American band Redbone.
 Characters is the Grammy-nominated twenty-first studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder released by Motown Records on November 6 1987 (see 1987 in music) in North America. Although highly anticipated like its predecessor In Square Circle (1985) upon its release the album received mixed reviews from critics and debuted at number 17 on the US Billboard 200 becoming his first album since Music of My Mind not to reach the top ten of the charts.
 Saltbreakers is the sixth studio album by American singer-songwriter Laura Veirs.The album was released in Europe on March 17 2007 and in the U.S. on April 10 2007. It was released on Nonesuch Records who also released two previous Veirs albums Carbon Glacier and Year of Meteors.
 The Wildest Wish to Fly is a solo album by Rupert Hine. It was originally released in 1983 on A&M Records and Island Records and re-released on CD in 2001 on VoicePrint. The album peaked at #31 on the Swedish album chart.
 Released on Gwar's 2004 Mock the Vote tour War Party Tour 2004 is a limited DVD of a live show from 2004 with some similar concepts (and at the time the first hearings of songs from War Party) from said tour. Some people had thought of this release as a more modern Live from Antarctica. Unlike Live from Antarctica this DVD was limited in release to the latter Mock the Vote concerts in 2004 and 2005. In June 2007 Don Drakulich (Sleazy P.
 Chi-Congo is a 1970 album recorded in Paris by the Art Ensemble of Chicago first released in 1972 on the Decca Records label later reissued in the US by Paula. It features performances by Lester Bowie Joseph Jarman Roscoe Mitchell Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye.
 Tabu Records 10 års Jubilæum is a Danish compilation album released in 2009 by Danish Tabu Records a major indie record label established by Danish band Suspekt. It included some of the best tracks released on the label to artists and band signed on the label.
 Tom Cat is an album by Lee Morgan recorded in 1964 though not released until 1981. It was originally released as LT 1058 and issued with several other catalogue numbers ever since. While somewhat forgotten compared to such acclaimed favourites from Morgan's catalogue as The Sidewinder and Cornbread it is notable for featuring a veritable who's who of Blue Note recording artists such as Art Blakey Jackie McLean and Curtis Fuller.
 It's Tomorrow Already is the third album The Irresistible Force released on September 21 1998 through Ninja Tune.
 Annie is a soundtrack album for the 1999 film of the same name.
 Your Eyes is an album by Kultoriginally released in September 1991 on Zig-Zac label. It was rereleased in October 1998 through S.P. Records.
 Switch is a 1994 remix EP by Schaft. Switch is a companion release to Switchblade which is where the original versions of the remixes come from.
 The Best of Chicane is a Chicane compilation album released in 2008.
 Lena: A New Album is a 1976 studio album by Lena Horne arranged by Robert Farnon.
 One Hour by the Concrete Lake is Pain of Salvation's second studio album. It is a concept album focusing on the issues of nuclear power and waste displacement of indigenous peoples the firearm industry and human discovery.
 Hope Will Rise is the second studio album from Christian praise & worship band Warr Acres. The album released on October 29 2013 by DREAM Records. Band members' Chris Crow and Jaron Nix produced the album alongside Joe Crow. The album met with commercial charting successes and it has attracted positive critical attention.
 The Singles 1999–2006 is a box set compilation of singles by British rock band Coldplay. The box includes all fourteen of the band's singles from the album Parachutes to X&Y on 7 vinyl records in sleeves with the original artwork that accompanied each release.
 Anomaly is the fifth solo album by former Kiss guitarist Ace Frehley released on September 15 2009. It is his first album of new studio material since 1989's Trouble Walkin'. Frehley produced most of the album himself with Marti Frederiksen producing the Sweet cover Fox on the Run. The album is dedicated to Kiss drummer Eric Carr Pantera guitarist Dimebag Darrell and Les Paul.
 Musicdisk is a compact disc album released by Jonne Valtonen a.k.a Purple Motion of Future Crew in 2004.
 My Mother's Eyes is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1963 in Los Angeles and released on the Pacific Jazz label.
 Pacific Ocean Blue is Dennis Wilson's only solo album released in 1977. It was the first solo album released by a member of the Beach Boys and when released was both warmly received critically and noted for outselling the Beach Boys' contemporary efforts.
 Original soundtrack album of music from the film Nouvelle-France composed by Patrick Doyle.
 Tiffany is the self-titled eponymous debut studio album by American recording pop singer Tiffany. Prior to signing a recording contract with MCA records in 1987; Darwish had begun working with manager/producer George Tobin several years earlier possibly with some of the tracks recorded as early when she was 12 years old in 1984. Initially Danny was her first single released from her self-titled studio album; however the single failed to chart.
 Shock Treatment is the fourth studio album by Edgar Winter. The album went to No. 13 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart and had two charting singles: Easy Street (#83 Pop Singles) and River's Risin' (#33 Pop Singles).
 This article describes the 38th album in the New Zealand Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 38 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music 38 or Now 38 was released on 9 April 2012. The album is the 38th edition of the (New Zealand) Now! series.
 The Innocent Age is the seventh album by American singer/songwriter Dan Fogelberg released in 1981 (see 1981 in music). It was also one of his most successful albums; three of his four Top 10 singles on the Billboard pop chart (Hard to Say (#7) Same Old Lang Syne (#9) and Leader of the Band (#9)) were from this album as well as another Top 20 single in Run for the Roses (#18).
 Berserker is the eighth studio album and sixth under his own name by musician Gary Numan released in 1984. It was his first album to be released under Numan's own record label Numa Records.
 Heritage (Ukrainian: Спадщина Spadshchyna; Russian: Наследие) is the fourth full-length studio album by Ukrainian black metal band Astrofaes. It was released on Ancient Nation Records in 2002 in both cassette format and CD format.
 Focus Plays Focus (also known as In and Out of Focus) is the debut studio album from the Dutch rock band Focus. Released in 1970 the album was recorded at the Sound Techniques Studios in London England and produced by Hubert Terheggen. It was the first and only album by the band to feature the original line-up of Thijs van Leer (organ flute) Jan Akkerman (guitar) Martin Dresden (bass guitar vocals) and Hans Cleuver (drums vocals).Original UK version (Polydor 2344 003)
 Undead is the fifth studio album released in 2000 on the Century Media label by Swedish heavy metal band Tad Morose.
 The Clash is the eponymous debut studio album by English punk rock band The Clash. It was released on 8 April 1977 through CBS Records.
 The Best Polish Love Songs... Ever!- is a compilation released by EMI in early 2009. It hypothetically contains the best polish love songs of all the time.
 Steinbach2Clarksville is a split EP released by the bands Colourbone and Emanuel Nice. It was released by the German label Roddog Records.
 Army of Me: Remixes and Covers was released in May 2005. It is a collection of seventeen eclectic remixes of Björk's song Army of Me from Post her 1995 album. Army of Me: Remixes and Covers was organised by Björk in response to the devastating Asian tsunami.
 III is an EP by the crunk rock band Family Force 5 to give a sample of what their third studio album III would be like.
 The Collection is a compilation album from Irish recording artist Samantha Mumba. It is only her second album to be released worldwide after her planned 2002 follow-up to her debut Woman was cancelled due to poor sales of lead single I'm Right Here.
 Cope is the second studio album by British DJ Adam Freeland released under the name Freeland.
 Pharaoh Overlord #1 is the debut album by Finnish experimental rock band Pharaoh Overlord. It was released on CD in 2000 by Ektro Records. It features three members of krautrock-influenced rock band Circle indulging their love for stoner rock. All the tracks are instrumental and follow a basic model of hugely distorted repetitive riffs.
 They Never Saw Me Coming is the debut album by TQ released on November 10 1998 in the United States and May 8 1999 in the United Kingdom.
 Seize the Time released in 2006 (see 2006 in music) was the second studio album by US rock band Flattbush.
 Boppin' with the Chet Baker Quintet is an album by trumpeter Chet Baker which was recorded in 1965 and released on the Prestige label.
 Cheap Sweaty Fun & TJ's Xmas is a one-sided 7 single featuring music by Girls Against Boys and Man... or Astro-man?. It was given away as a party favor at a Christmas party in 1994. It is only available on black vinyl and comes in a black sleeve with gold writing that indicates the band names and the track listing.
 Blue Hawaii is the fourteenth album by Elvis Presley released on RCA Victor Records in mono and stereo LPM/LSP 2426 in October 1961 – the exact date of October 1 is disputed.[citation needed] It is a soundtrack for Presley's film of the same name. Recording sessions took place at Radio Recorders in Hollywood on March 21 22 and 23 1961. It spent 20 weeks at the number one slot and 39 weeks in the Top 10 on the US Top Pop Albums chart.
 Venice is an album by Christian Fennesz released in 2004 on Touch.
 Semidevilish is the fourth album by the Polish symphonic black metal band Darzamat which was released in 2004. This album features new female singer Nera.
 Released in 1995 Songs of Sanctuary is the first album by Welsh composer Karl Jenkins as part of the Adiemus project. The title track Adiemus was used prior to the album's release in a 1994 Delta Air Lines television commercial (as well as related Delta Air Lines media around this time including pre-departure videos aboard Delta flights).
 Songs We Should Have Written is a cover album by Firewater released on January 20 2004 through Jetset Records.
 Sinbad is a 1976 album by jazz keyboardist Weldon Irvine.
 Seven Years (1998–2005) is a DVD released in 2005 by German producer and DJ ATB. It was also released in a special edition with the Seven Years: 1998-2005 CD.As the title sais the DVD features all his music videos from 1998 to 2005 a photo gallery the making of I Don't Wanna Stop video an interview plus many more specials.
 Power And Love is the debut album by Manchild.
 Sex and Travel is the second album by British pop group Right Said Fred released in 1993. It contains the UK top 60 singles Bumped Hands Up (4 Lovers) and Wonderman. The album peaked at #35 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Late Starter is the fourth solo album by Mike Harrison best known as a principal lead vocalist of Spooky Tooth. Released in 2006 it is Harrison's first solo album in over thirty years following the release of Rainbow Rider in 1975. According to one reviewer This is an album haunted by unspoken promises and soulful regret where hearts are betrayed by love's sweet delusion and sinners pray for forgiveness delivered in a voice to shatter the strongest of hearts.
 Live from Orensanz is the third live album and first acoustic live album by American alternative rock band Taking Back Sunday released on August 17 2010. It was recorded live from two acoustic shows at the Angel Orensanz Center in New York City in December 2009 and features the band's New Again line-up before the Tell All Your Friends line-up reunited in 2010.
 假扮的天使 (py. Jiǎbàn de Tiānshǐ English; Pretend Angel) is an album by Taiwanese singer/actress/model Vivian Hsu released September 19 2000 on the BMG label. This is Vivian's first album that prominently features hard rock songs. Track 10 is a children's sing-along with Vivian which she recorded while shooting the film The Accidental Spy part of which was shot in Turkey (hence the title of track 5).
 Fujifabric (フジファブリック Fujifaburikku) is the first full studio album by Fujifabric released in 2004 on the Capitol Records label.
 Run the Road is a series of compilations released on 679 Recordings and Vice. It is intended to showcase a wide variety of grime artists from the genre such as Dizzee Rascal Wiley and Kano.
 The Weeping of a Thousand Years is the second full length album by Deinonychus. It was released in July 1996 on Cacophonous Records.
 Fanfare for the Comic Muse is the 1990 debut album by The Divine Comedy. It has since been disowned by the band's lead singer/songwriter Neil Hannon due to its stylistic difference from the band's later works heading towards a more R.E.M.-styled jangle pop direction than their more distinctive orchestral pop output.
 La La Means I Love You is the debut album by American soul group The Delfonics released in 1968 on the Philly Groove label. The album was produced by Thom Bell and consists of a mixture of original songs written by Bell and lead singer William Hart and cover versions of already well-known songs.
 An Intimate Evening with Anne Murray is a live album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records on September 16 1997. The album peaked at number 8 on the RPM Country Albums chart.
 Hits Right Up Your Street is the fourteenth rock album by British instrumental (and sometimes vocal) group The Shadows released in September 1981 through Polydor Records and Pickwick Records. The majority of the album is in the form of covers by popular artists at the time. Cover versions of songs by The Tornados Ennio Morricone Cliff Richard John Lennon Randy Crawford Ray Stevens Shakin' Stevens Abba Rod Stewart Leo Sayer Anton Karas & B. Bumble and the Stingers
 A Taste Of... is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It was inspired by Japanese cuisine. Tempura in Moss Garden (Frog Variation 011101) continues the theme of Frog.
 Seule ce soir is an album by Canadian jazz singer and voice actress Emilie-Claire Barlow. This is Barlow's ninth jazz album and her first on which all songs are in French. It was released on October 16 2012. At the 2013 Juno Awards this album was named Vocal Jazz Album of the Year.
 AleAda (Russian: АлеАда) is Linda's sixth studio album (fifteenth overall) released in Russia on October 16 2006. AleAda was recorded in Cyprus along with Greek producer Stefanos Korkolis. The title AleAda was an amalgamation of Linda's mother's name Alexandra and Korkolis' mother's name Ada.Of the album Linda said:“AleAda is a word from Stefanos Korkolis' and my language. The album deals with people very close to us.
 Stranded Under Endless Sky is the first EP album by American ambient band Hammock. A follow-up to the band's first studio album Kenotic Stranded Under Endless Sky was released on July 26 2005 by the band's own label Hammock Music.
 Take You Apart is an album by Australian band Screamfeeder.
 Wonderfulness (1966) is the fourth album of stand-up comedy performances by Bill Cosby. The title comes from a catchphrase used in Cosby's television series I Spy.This was the first of several Cosby albums to be recorded live at Harrah's Lake Tahoe Nevada by Warner Bros. Records.
 Boxriff is an EP put out by The Atomic Bitchwax in 2006 on the label MeteorCity. The album contains four new studio songs and a live set recorded at the Sunset Tavern in Seattle on November 11 2005. It is accompanied by a live DVD of the same performance.
 Move is the eponymous debut album by The Move released on the Regal Zonophone label. The only one which was recorded by the group’s initial line-up before bassist Ace Kefford left it includes both sides of their third and fourth singles ('Flowers In The Rain' and 'Fire Brigade').
 Dizzy Gillespie and Stuff Smith is an album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie and violinist Stuff Smith recorded in 1957 and released on the Verve label.
 Little Dragon is the self-titled debut album by Swedish electronic band Little Dragon. It was released on September 3 2007 on Peacefrog Records. In Japan the album was released on 15 August 2007 by Village Again Records containing the bonus track Fortune.
 Candles is the second EP and the first digital–only EP by American pop punk band Hey Monday released on February 8 2011 through Decaydance/Columbia records. On January 27 Hey Monday announced that a new version of Candles an old acoustic demo of Candles and a brand new song titled The One That Got Away would be on the EP. The Candles music video was released on March 9 2011.
 Sora no Niwa (そらの庭) is Akino Arai's third official album release.
 Barenaked Ladies Are Me (usually abbreviated BLAM and occasionally Are Me or BLAMe) the seventh studio album by Barenaked Ladies. It was their first original-material album since 2003's Everything to Everyone. It was released in September 2006 internationally. The album was also the first full-length original-material album from the band following their decision to become independent rather than re-sign with Reprise. The cover art was created by a group of artists called Team Macho.
 Aventine is the second studio album by Danish singer-songwriter Agnes Obel.
 Space Vol 1 & 2 is a live album by the British hard rock band Deep Purple. The show was recorded live on 11 July 1970 at the Hauptstadion in Aachen in Germany. It originated as a bootleg recording. According to rumours the album was recorded in a van under the stage which most certainly accounts for the overloaded vocals.
 Sayonara mo Ienakatta Natsu (さよならも言えなかった夏) is an album by Mikuni Shimokawa released on July 4 2007 by Pony Canyon.This album consists of eleven songs; several new songs and some songs which were previously released as singles.
 Still Nothing Moves You is the second full-length album from the San Francisco Bay Area-based hardcore punk band Ceremony.
 George & Tammy & Tina is an album by American country music artists George Jones and Tammy Wynette. The Tina in the title refers to Tina Byrd Tammy Wynette's then eight-year-old daughter Tina (whom Jones adopted along with Tina's sisters Gwen and Jackie shortly after the birth of his biological daughter with Tammy Georgette) who also sings on the album. This album was released in 1975 (see 1975 in country music) on the Epic Records label.
 Letter from Egypt is the fourth studio album by Norwegian singer Morten Harket released on May 19 2008. It is his first album since 1996 and second sung in the English language. The album entered the Norwegian Top 40 Album Chart at number one on week 22 (chart published May 26 2008).
 Burned Bridges/I'm Giving Up On This One is a split EP between Kansas City Missouri bands The Get Up Kids and Coalesce. The album was released on colored vinyl in 1996 on Second Nature Recordings. There were 13 different pressings of the album with each pressing on different colored vinyl. The album is unique in that each band picked one of the other band's songs to cover in their own style.
 More of Old Golden Throat is a compilation album and 32nd overall album released by Johnny Cash exclusively in the UK on CBS Records in 1969 (see 1969 in music). Culled from single sides that had not previously appeared on albums (with the exceptions of Honky-Tonk Girl and Lorena) it is primarily made up of lesser-known songs although You Beat All I Ever Saw and Second Honeymoon reached No. 20 and No. 15 respectively on the Country charts.
 Into the Gap is the fourth album by the British pop group Thompson Twins. It was released in February 1984 and reached no.1 on the UK Albums Chart and no.10 on the U.S. Billboard 200.
 One Acoustic Night is the third album live by the German hard rock band Bonfire. It was released in 2005 by E-M-S Music and is a two-disc album that is a live acoustic performance in Germany. It also features a studio song dedicated to the victims of the tsunami disaster in Thailand recorded in English German and Spanish. Chris Limburg and Thomas Streck were guest musicians that helped with the live performance which is all in German.
 If I Should Love Again is the eighth studio album released by singer and songwriter Barry Manilow. The album was recorded at United Western Recording Studios in Los Angeles California.
 Frooty Rooties is the second solo album of Eric Stewart released in 1982. There were no singles released from this album and just like the previous album it failed to chart in the U.K.
 Red Letter Year is a studio album by singer-songwriter Ani DiFranco released on September 30 2008.Says DiFranco about the album: “When I listen to my new record I hear a very relaxed me which I think has been absent in a lot of my recorded canon. Now I feel like I’m in a really good place. My partner Mike Napolitano co-produced this record – my guitar and voice have never sounded better and that’s because of him. I’ve got this great band and crew.
 Aftermath released April 1966 by Decca Records is the fourth British studio album by the Rolling Stones. It was released in the United States in June 1966 by London Records as their sixth American album. The album is considered an artistic breakthrough for the band being the first full-length release to consist entirely of Mick Jagger/Keith Richards compositions.
 Oasis is the first collaboration album by New York rappers O.C. and A.G. both members of the D.I.T.C. crew. The album was released on November 24 2009 through a joint venture between Nature Sounds and D.I.T.C. Records after several pushbacks dating as far back as the spring of 2008. The album was first premiered in its entirety on the duo's Myspace a week before the official release.
 Lovelines is an album by The Carpenters released in 1989. That same year Richard Carpenter decided to release an album of unreleased Carpenters tracks along with selected solo tracks by his sister Karen (from her then-unreleased solo album). The Carpenters' songs were mainly from their television specials. When I Fall in Love was originally recorded in 1978 for their TV special Space Encounters.
 Jump NO.1 is the first studio album by Japanese boy band Hey! Say! JUMP released on July 7 2010 under their label J Storm.
 Doubleback: Evolution of R&B is the tenth studio album by American recording artist Joe. The album was released through Massenburg Media/RED Distribution on July 2 2013 in the United States. It debuted at number six on the US Billboard 200 and number one on the Billboard R&B Albums Chart selling 31500 copies.
 Vodka & Ayahuasca is the second full-length studio album by the California-based hip hop duo Gangrene. Released on January 24 2012 via Decon Records.
 Mario Lanza Sings Songs from The Student Prince and The Desert Song is a 1989 compilation album by Mario Lanza. This RCA Victor CD features most of the songs recorded by Mario Lanza for the 1954 MGM film The Student Prince.
 An emergency landing is a landing made by an aircraft in response to a crisis which either interferes with the operation of the aircraft or involves sudden medical emergencies necessitating diversion to the nearest airport.
 Deca i Sunce (Children and the Sun) is the fourth studio album by the Serbian hip-hop artist Marčelo. This is the first album released under moniker Marčelo & Filteri The album contains 14 songs.
 El Ritmo Mundial (Spanish for The world rhythm) Released in 1988 is the third studio album of the Argentine Ska Reggae band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs. Recorded and edited in 1988 in this album the band expand their musical range to more commercials genres to the age. The album now include the classic Ska along with the apparition of a couple of ballads Siempre me Hablaste de Ella and No. 2 en tu Lista.
 Anarchy is the sixth studio album by anarcho-punk band Chumbawamba. Many of the tracks address specific social issues such as homophobia strikes or fascism.Its graphic cover depicting a baby's head emerging from a vagina caused the record to be banned from some shops and stocked in plain sleeves in others. The iTunes version of the album replaces the baby picture with a painting of several flowers.
 OIL: Chicago Punk Refined is a punk compilation CD released in 2003 on Thick Records. All tracks were recorded over a 15 day period in an old oil blending factory located on Chicago's South Side. It was recorded by Lance Reynolds and produced by Billy Spunke
 Dirty South Classics is a compilation album by American hip-hop group Goodie Mob.
 FabricLive.26 is a DJ mix album mixed by The Herbaliser recorded as part of the FabricLive albums and released on the Fabric label in February 2006.- Ollie Teeba of The Herbaliser
 Sixteen Tons is the second release by the band Weedeater. Two songs from the album Woe's Me and Kira May found the band abandoning their traditional style of playing in favor of a more acoustic approach. Weedeater also paid tribute to the late Dale Earnhardt with the song #3 which features the band playing over television broadcasts of Earnhardt's races.
 Let's Roll is a 2003 blues album by Etta James. It won a Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Blues Album in 2003 and also won the Soul/Blues Album of the Year from the Blues Foundation in 2004.
 No Sleep ’til Hammersmith is the first live album by Motörhead. Released on 27 June 1981 it peaked at #1 on the UK album charts. It was followed by the release of the single Motorhead (coupled with the non-album track Over the Top) on 11 July which peaked in the UK singles chart at #6.
 Kultrum is a solo album by Argentine musician Dino Saluzzi recorded in 1982 and released on the ECM label.
 Come Across the River is the second album by Heather Duby released on November 4 2003 through Sonic Boom Recordings.
 Cosas de Amigos is the fourth album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro It was released in 1981in this album she has a duet with her then 6 year old son Cristian Castro
 Acoustic EP is a limited edition acoustic studio EP by American rock band 3 Doors Down released in 2005. It was originally released exclusively at Best Buy stores to promote the band's album Seventeen Days and their 2005 tour with Staind and Breaking Benjamin. The physical disc itself is out of print but in 2006 it was re-released digitally on iTunes. It peaked at number 38 in the United States and number 49 in Australia.
 La Buena Racha is the second compilation album of the Mexican band Cuca this sent in 1999 also includes three subjects live.
 That's the Way Love Is is an album by soul musician Marvin Gaye released on January 8 1970 on the Tamla (Motown) label. Built off the success of the title track (#7 Pop; #2 R&B in late 1969) originally taken from M.P.G. and much like Gaye's I Heard It Through the Grapevine after its success was released with intent to sell albums based on the success of one particular single (a Motown trademark).
 Strata (1990) is a collaborative album by the U.S. ambient musicians Robert Rich and Steve Roach. Robert Rich's influence on this album is strong with complicated mixes featuring various acoustic sound sources and Rich's own brand of organic synthesis called glurp. The two artists collaborated again (with the credits in the reverse order) on their 1992 album Soma.There is a strong sense of surrealism throughout the album.
 Punk Goes Pop 4 is the twelfth compilation album in the Punk Goes... series. It was released on November 21 2011 through Fearless Records. It is the fourth album in the Punk Goes Pop series. It contains a collection of modern pop music covers performed by various metalcore post-hardcore and electronicore bands and artists.
 Betrayal Fear Anger Hatred is the first EP by the Canadian punk rock band NoMeansNo. The tracks from the EP were later included on the CD reissue of the band's debut album Mama. The EP was described by Trouser Press as a statement of purpose. At this stage the band was still a duo of Rob and John Wright. The EP was described by Maximumrocknroll as 4 great songs.
 Nina is a Nina Simone tribute album recorded by Xiu Xiu. It was released on Graveface Records on December 3 2013 to generally favorable reviews.
 Freedom Flight  released in the fall of 1971 on Epic Records is the second album by Shuggie Otis. The album contains the original version of Strawberry Letter 23 a 1977 hit for The Brothers Johnson.
 The Best of Crush 40 – Super Sonic Songs is a greatest hits compilation album by Crush 40. The album contains songs from the Sonic the Hedgehog series from their previous two albums and some newly recorded songs. A few of the tracks have also been remastered into new mixes.
 In the Meantime is the third solo album by the British former Fleetwood Mac vocalist/keyboardist Christine McVie released in 2004 on Koch Records and Sanctuary Records Group. It was McVie's first solo recording since 1984 and the first since her departure from Fleetwood Mac.
 Ronnie James Dio This Is Your Life is a 2014 tribute album to singer-songwriter Ronnie James Dio lead singer of several heavy metal bands including Elf Rainbow Black Sabbath Heaven & Hell and his own band Dio. The album features many of Dio's contemporaries performing songs originally recorded by Dio.Dio died in 2010 from stomach cancer. Album proceeds were targeted for the Ronnie James Dio Stand Up and Shout Cancer Fund.
 Diaper Island is the fourth studio album by Canadian musician Chad VanGaalen released on May 17 2011 on Flemish Eye in Canada and Sub Pop in the United States.
 The Complete 1957 Riverside Recordings is a 2006 release of Thelonious Monk and John Coltrane's work for the Riverside Records label in 1957 with two tracks previously unreleased in any form.This collection is an almost complete anthology of the work of Monk and Coltrane who only recorded together in the studio during 1957. The set draws from the self-titled Thelonious Monk with John Coltrane Monk's Music and a solitary trio track from Thelonious Himself.
 Celebración: Epic Duets includes Eddie Santiago's all time best hits in a duet format with an all-star cast of vocalists. Lluvia featuring Charlie Zaa is one the best songs of this album the album got good reviews from public.
 Kaamos is the self-titled debut album by the Swedish death metal band Kaamos. It was released in 2002.
 The Long March EP is the second major release by Blue Scholars a hip-hop duo from Seattle Washington. The group consists of one DJ Sabzi and one MC Geologic.
 Us Against Them is the debut studio album from American rapper Jake Miller which was released on November 5 2013 by eOne Music. The album was released for streaming on Pandora Radio Premieres on October 31.
 Morbid Tales is the debut album by the Swiss extreme metal band Celtic Frost. It was released in June 1984. It was originally released in Europe as a six-track mini-album. However the first American release by Enigma/Metal Blade added two tracks making Morbid Tales an LP.Morbid Tales had a major influence on the then-developing death metal and black metal genres.
 Cardiff Rose is a solo studio album by American singer/songwriter and ex-The Byrds frontman Roger McGuinn released in 1976. The album produced by Mick Ronson was recorded on the heels of Bob Dylan's Rolling Thunder Revue 1975 tour in which both McGuinn and Ronson had participated.
 Time is an album by Steeleye Span. The album was released in 1996 after a seven-year hiatus. The impetus for the album was a 25th anniversary reunion tour the year before during which most of the former members of the band performed together. Maddy Prior was experiencing voice problems so she spoke to Gay Woods a founding member who had left the band after the first album to rejoin.
 Desert Call is the second studio album by Tunisian progressive metal band Myrath released on January 25 2010 through XIII Bis Records in Europe and Nightmare Records worldwide. The album was produced by Adagio's keyboardist Kevin Codfert.
 Site Anubis is an album by Paul Schütze and Phantom City released in 1996 through Big Cat Records.
 0110111 – Quantum Physics & A Horseshoe is the second live album and first live video album by Berlin-based indie punk band Bonaparte. It was released by Staatsakt label in 2011 and contains live songs recorded while touring for their second album My Horse Likes You. The album was released on DVD double vinyl and digital download.
 The Music of Styx – Live with Symphony Orchestra is a double CD recording of Dennis DeYoung's live performance of his work both as a solo artist and with the band Styx. The performance was recorded live on April 4 2003 at the Chicago Theatre in Chicago Illinois. As indicated by the album title the songs are symphonically arranged and performed with a live orchestra.
 Open is a long-form piece of music released in digital form by Yes former lead singer Jon Anderson released in 2011.
 Bad Blood is an album by Gerling released in 2003.
 New Medicines is the second album by Dead Poetic. Released April 6 2004 through Solid State Records and Tooth & Nail Records. On June 28 2004 it was released in the UK by Golf Records and Plastic Head Distribution.
 Bachata Romántica: 1's (English: Romantic Bachata: #1's) is a compilation album released by Machete Music on January 27 2009. The album includes tracks recorded by several artists from the bachata genre such as Aventura Ivy Queen R.K.M.
 Funeral Marches and Warsongs is a live DVD from the Swedish black metal band Marduk. Shot in 2003 the DVD contains footage of live performances in France Poland and Germany and two music videos
 Anti-Meridian is the third studio album from the band Brave Saint Saturn. The album's title is the reference to the fictional energy source created in the album's story. It is also a play on the word ante-meridian or AM referring to the hours of the day before noon.
 Secrets Keep You Sick is the second studio album by Chicago-based rock band The Fold. It was released on May 22 2007 under Tooth and Nail Records.
 Right About Now: The Official Sucka Free Mix CD or simply Right About Now was released by Talib Kweli in November 2005 and is generally considered a mixtape. However some people regard this release as an official album because of its availability through commercial sites and its release of two singles. It also lacks the DJ overlays often accompanied by mixtapes which makes the CD read more like an official album.
 Badlands: Ballads Of The Lakota is the 14th studio album of American country singer Marty Stuart. It is his third album with his band The Fabulous Superlatives. Like their previous project this is a concept album focusing on the history of the Native American struggle. All of the songs are written by Stuart himself except for 'Big Foot' which was written by Johnny Cash.
 Sentimentally Yours is the third studio album by American country music singer Patsy Cline released August 7 1962. The album was the final studio album Cline would record before her death in a plane crash less than a year later.
 Fever to Tell is the debut album by Yeah Yeah Yeahs released on April 29 2003 through Interscope. It was produced by David Andrew Sitek and mixed by Alan Moulder. Fever to Tell was nominated for a Grammy for Best Alternative Music Album and was certified Gold in the UK. The video for Maps was nominated at the 2004 MTV Video Music Awards for Best Art Direction Best Cinematography Best Editing and the MTV2 Award. The New York Times chose Fever To Tell as the best album of the year.
 Drive Like Jehu is the eponymously titled debut album by the San Diego post-hardcore band Drive Like Jehu released in 1991 by Cargo Music and Headhunter Records.Though not as highly regarded as their second and final album Yank Crime the album did gain the notice of the emerging noise rock and math rock movements which would later lead many fans to regard Drive Like Jehu as a link between these genres.
 Pestapokalypse VI is the sixth studio album by Austrian blackened death metal band Belphegor. It was produced by Andy Classen at Stage One Studio and released in 2006.
 D-Formation is the fifth full-length studio album by J-pop singer Minori Chihara. It was released in February 29 2012.
 Mumps Etc. is the fourth full-length studio album by American alternative hip hop / indie rock band Why?.
 Gas 5 was Gasolin's fifth album in five years and was released in October 1975. From the humble beginnings of their debut album they had developed into a confident arena rock band with this release. In hindsight Gas 5 may be considered to be their definitive album.
 Here to Stay compiles all five Slickee Boys 7s from 1976–1981 (plus one previously unreleased song—Kids). It was released by the German label Line Records with a catalog number of LLP 5170.It includes cover versions of songs originally recorded by Perry Como (by way of the Downliners Sect) the Rokes (and the Grass Roots—the Slickees combined the two versions) Vince Taylor the Yardbirds the Hangmen The Chocolate Watch Band as well as the theme from the film Exodus.
 XXXX is the third full-length album by Canadian dance-punk band You Say Party (formerly You Say Party! We Say Die!) released September 29 2009. It was the last release featuring the band's original longer name and the last album with drummer Devon Clifford (who died in April 2010).In addition to the album's title the construction XXXX also appears in several of the album's song titles. In every such song the XXXX represents the word love.
 Mozart 252 is a 2008 album by Michael Nyman (his 58th release) with the Michael Nyman Band Hilary Summers and Andrew Slater celebrating the 250th anniversary of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's birth. Although Revisiting the Don one of only two newly written works on the album was commissioned and performed in 2006 the album's title is a joke on its lateness as an album released 252 years after Mozart's birth (it seemed more appropriate to miss the beat by two years).
 Alea Jacta Est (en: The Die Is Cast) is the third studio album by the Asturian power metal band WarCry released on January 1 2004 (see 2004 in music and 2004 in heavy metal music) and distributed through Avispa.
 Live in Concert with the Christchurch Symphony is a live album by New Zealand artist Bic Runga her third album overall. Runga performed with the Christchurch Symphony Orchestra conducted by Marc Taddei. The performance was recorded in Christchurch on October 3 2003 and the album was released on November 17 2003.
 Earthy is an album by the Prestige All Stars nominally led by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label.
 Greensleeves Rhythm Album #89: Silent River is an album in Greensleeves Records' rhythm album series. It was released February 16th 2009 on CD. The album features various artists recorded over the Silent River riddim produced by Shane Brown (Jukeboxx Crew).
 Waves is an album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd recorded in 1972 by Lloyd and featuring Gabor Szabo Roger McGuinn and Mike Love.
 Released in 1992 Tour De Scum is the second installment in a line of video concerts by Gwar. This one is from the Scumdogs of the Universe tour hence the title. Running almost an hour it is a polished version of All the Sex and Twice the Violence. The Salaminizer Crack in the Egg Love Surgery Maggots Horror of Yig Have You Seen Me? Sexecutioner The Morality Squad Gwar Theme Slaughterama Gor-Gor
 A Collection of Roxette Hits: Their 20 Greatest Songs! released on 18 October 2006 is a greatest hits from Swedish pop duo Roxette celebrating 20 years of record releases.The tracks One Wish and Reveal were recorded especially for this album in May 2006.
 Presents Kumbia Kings is the first compilation album and fifth album by A.B. Quintanilla Y Los Kumbia Kings. It was released on April 1 2003. All of the songs in the album are in English. The album includes eight previously released songs and four new songs recorded for the album.
 Constantine is the solo debut album of rock singer Constantine Maroulis. It debuted at number 75 on the Billboard 200 selling around 9000 copies in its first week.
 Recipe for Disaster is the second full-length album by the American hard rock band Brand New Sin. This is also the first album they released on their current label Century Media Records.Singles for this album included Black and Blue for which a music video was made and Days Are Numbered.
 Family is the second album released by May J. However this is the 1st album released by May J. under the label Rhythm Zone.This album had no singles promoting it. The album debuted at the #5 spot on the daily Oricon chart and managed to climb up to the #3 spot.
 Muscle Museum is the second extended play (EP) by English alternative rock band Muse. Limited to 999 hand-numbered copies was released on 11 January 1999 by Dangerous Records. Four of the EP's five original songs – Muscle Museum Sober Uno and Unintended – were re-recorded for the band's full-length debut Showbiz. The song Instant Messenger was rereleased as a B Side to Muscle Museum under the title Pink Ego Box. This version omits the AOL sample but is otherwise the same recording.
 Hail to the King is the sixth studio album by American band Avenged Sevenfold. It was released on August 23 2013 in New Zealand and Australia and was released on iTunes on August 27 2013 and in North America on the same day. The album was produced by Mike Elizondo. This marks the first album with new drummer Arin Ilejay who joined the band as a touring drummer in 2011 before becoming an official member in 2013.
 Safari is the eleventh studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Jovanotti. Preceded by the single Fango it was released in Italy on 17 January 2008.
 Live at the Hope and Anchor is a live album by The Stranglers. It consists of an entire set from a concert at the Hope and Anchor pub in Islington North London recorded on 22 November 1977. This particular concert took place on the opening night of the Front Row Festival a series of shows by regulars of the venue during 1977. The album was originally only available as a bootleg recording.
 Autumn '67 – Spring '68 is a 1972 compilation by the English psychedelic rock and progressive rock group The Nice. It was released in 1973 in US as Autumn to Spring. The album consists of outtakes and alternate versions recorded in Autumn '67 – Spring '68. The album was remastered and reissued on Japanese SHM-CD in 2009. All of these tracks were also included as bonus tracks on 1990 reissues of the Nice's Five Bridges and Elegy albums.
 Southside is the debut studio album by American singer Lloyd released by The Inc/Def Jam on July 20 2004 in the United States (see 2004 in music). The singer teamed with producers Chink Santana Rodney Jerkins Irv Gotti and Jasper Cameron. The album garnered a mostly positive reception from music critics and produced the successful top thirty Billboard 200 hit Southside with label-mate Ashanti and Hey Young Girl which failed chart or sell noticeably.
 Highlights is the second album by Tom Hingley and the Lovers who feature Inspiral Carpets singer Tom Hingley Steve Hanley and Paul Hanley from Manchester garage band The Fall Jason Brown and Kelly Wood. It was released in 2008.
 The Theory of Everything is the eighth studio album from Ayreon a progressive metal/rock opera project by Dutch songwriter producer singer and multi-instrumentalist Arjen Anthony Lucassen released on October 28 2013.As with every Ayreon album it is a concept album with each character being portrayed by one singer however being released five years after 01011001 which concluded the original Ayreon story The Theory of Everything is the start of a completely new storyline for the project.
 Bastardiser is the first full-length album by Swiss Mathcore band Knut released in Europe in 1998.
 Animetal Marathon III: Tsuburaya Productions Collection (アニメタル・マラソンIII ～円谷プロ編～ Animetaru Marason Surī ~Tsuburaya Puro Hen~) is the third full length album by Japanese heavy metal band Animetal. This collection focuses on the theme songs of shows produced by Tsuburaya Productions and Eiji Tsuburaya primarily the Ultra Series.
 Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 13 (subtitled Texas Part 3) is a compilation album in the Highs in the Mid-Sixties series featuring recordings that were released in Texas. This is one of five volumes in the series that collects songs by Texas bands; the others are Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 11 Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 12 Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 17 and Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 23.
 Happy Horny Gay and Sassy is an EP released by Screeching Weasel in 1992 on 7-inch vinyl. All songs were recorded live in the WFMU Studios by Dave Parasite on January 2 1992 and broadcast live over WFMU Radio in East Orange New Jersey . This limited edition pressing of 300 copies was a re-release of the EP Snappy Answers To Stupid Questions adding a second single-sided record with 3 additional songs recorded at the same session.
 Hallucination Engine is a 1994 album by the New York based music group Material.
 The Tragically Hip is the first release from Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip.The EP was produced by Ken Greer of Red Rider fame.
 Rhapsody Originals is a live recording of rock group P.O.D. made exclusively for Rhapsody released on December 2 2008.
 Village People is the self-titled first studio album by Village People released on July 11 1977. Its hit song San Francisco (You've Got Me) was a top 50 hit in the UK peaking at #45.
 Condition of the Heart is the third studio album from Kashif. The album was released in 1985 on Arista Records. The album includes the hit singles Condition of the Heart Dancing in the Dark (Heart to Heart) and Anti-apartheid song Botha Botha. The album was digitally remastered for the first time in 2012 by Funky Town Grooves with three bonus tracks.
 Schizophonic is a jazz album by Robben Ford released in 1976. The album title refers to Robben Ford's interest in playing two instruments. He began playing saxophone at the age of ten but at thirteen he heard blues guitarist Mike Bloomfield. The music is a mix between different styles in the jazz. From Blues in the first track alongside Latin to more Jazz fusion as known from his later album The Inside Story. On the first track and the last track Robben Ford plays the saxophone.
 Sweet Sixteen is an album by the Huntingtons released in 1996 on Flying Tart Records.
 The Nest (released 2003 in Oslo Norway on the Emarcy (067 153-2) label) is an album by Norwegian pianist Ketil Bjørnstad with special guest artist Anneli Drecker presenting lyrics by the poet Hart Crane (1899-1932).
 Get It Right is a 1983 Aretha Franklin album. It was produced by Luther Vandross following his successful teaming with the singer for the Gold-certified album Jump To It in 1982. The disc's title song became a #1 hit on Billboard's R&B singles chart - knocking Donna Summer out of the top spot - but it stalled at only #61 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album was a critical and commercial failure selling about 200000 US copies. It was belatedly issued on compact disc in the late 1990s.
 Declaration is the fifth album by American metalcore band Bleeding Through. The song's titles are named after different states and cities. Frontman Brandan Schieppati commented There are definitely places when we're traveling where every time we go there we're like 'Fuck why do we have to be here?' Like we'll be in France and all of a sudden we'll feel totally insignificant.
 Guilty Pleasures is the first album by Norwegian recording artist Didrik Solli-Tangen and was released on November 1 2010. The album's lead single My Heart Is Yours was released on January 20 2010. On 6 February 2010 it was selected as the Norwegian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 held in Oslo in May 2010. The second single Best Kept Secret featuring the Norwegian trumpet soloist Tine Thing Helseth was released on September 3 2010.
 As I Die is an EP by Paradise Lost.
 Liars is the eighteenth album from Todd Rundgren released in 2004. After a long period of experimentation with multimedia technology and late 20th century musical genres Rundgren seemed to once again embrace the eclectic pop sensibilities that made him famous as on his most well-known album Something/Anything?.
 In the Pit of the Stomach is the second studio album by Scottish indie rock band We Were Promised Jetpacks released on October 4 2011 on Fat Cat Records.
 From Nashville to Memphis: The Essential '60s Masters is a box set five-disc compilation of studio master recordings by Elvis Presley during the decade of the 1960s released in 1993 on RCA Records catalogue number 66160-2. In its initial format as a long box issue it included a set of collectable stamps duplicating the record jackets from every release LP and those from the singles pertinent to this box set on RCA Records.
 Let Me In: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a soundtrack album for the film of the same name. It was released by Varèse Sarabande on October 12 2010. The soundtrack was composed by Academy Award winner Michael Giacchino.
 3rd Eye Vision is the debut album of Oakland California-based underground hip hop collective Hieroglyphics. The album was released on March 24 1998 by the group's own independent record label Hieroglyphics Imperium Recordings.
 Surviving You Always is the debut album of post-hardcore band Saccharine Trust released in 1984 through SST.
 Fractured is the second full length album by American technical death metal band Capharnaum.
 Jed is the second studio album by American rock band Goo Goo Dolls. It is the first studio album in which John Rzeznik sang vocals for some of the tracks. The majority of the songs are sung by Robby Takac with Rzeznik taking over for two (Up Yours and James Dean). Fellow upstate New Yorker Lance Diamond sings vocals on track seven Down On The Corner. Track number six Sex Maggot shares a name with the band's original name the Sex Maggots.
 Phenomenon is the third studio album by the British rock band UFO released in May 1974.
 Soft Dogs is an album by Danish rock group D-A-D. The album was released on February 20 2002. The album gained many favorable reviews including six out of six stars by Danish music magazine Gaffa.
 Change is the fourth album by German hard rock group Pink Cream 69. It was the first album with current singer David Readman.
 Sound Theories Vol. I & II is a 2007 album by American guitarist Steve Vai. The album was recorded with the Metropole Orchestra in Netherlands in mid-2004-2005 and released on June 26 2007.Volume I features Vai playing guitar with the orchestra which has itself earned worldwide acclaim by backing artists ranging from Mike Keneally Terry Bozzio Tony Bennett and Natalie Cole to Nancy Wilson and the Yellowjackets.
 Slow Burning Lights is an album by American instrumental hip hop duo Blue Sky Black Death. It was released on Babygrande Records in 2008.The album is a collaboration with singer Yes Alexander of The Casual Lust who provides the vocals. It was recorded and completed by 2007 and was released in 2008.
 Matapédia is a 1996 album by Kate and Anna McGarrigle.Kate's daughter Martha Wainwright appears on the album as a backing vocalist; she is also directly mentioned in the lyrics of the title track.The title Matapédia refers to the river in eastern Quebec which runs down to the town of Matapédia and then out into baie des Chaleurs.
 Looks Like Rain is the 1969 concept album by singer-songwriter Mickey Newbury. After recording his debut album with RCA Newbury was dissatisfied with the resulting album and left RCA to pursue a style closer to his tastes. Recorded at Cinderella Sound as his next two albums would be the result is widely considered his first real recording and represents a peak in the singer songwriter movement especially for Nashville.
 The Sun Rises in the East is the debut album of American hip hop rapper Jeru the Damaja released May 24 1994 on PayDay Records. Production on the album was handled by DJ Premier. The album features fellow Gang Starr Foundation member Afu-Ra. The album cover depicts the World Trade Center on fire only one year after the 1993 bombing of the North Tower.The Sun Rises in the East was well received by most music critics upon its release.
 Crash My Party is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Luke Bryan. It was released on August 13 2013 via Capitol Nashville. Its first single the title track reached number one on the Billboard Country Airplay chart. The album was produced by Jeff Stevens. A deluxe edition with four bonus tracks is available exclusively at Target and Walmart.Even though the reception towards the album by music critics was mixed the album has seen remarkably high commercial success.
 Suite sixtine is the second LP by Belgian pop singer Lio released in 1982. It is not considered to be a proper studio album as it is a mixture of b-sides English versions of previous songs and a few unreleased tracks.
 Mind Is Not Brain is the sixth album by Mock Orange released in July 2004 through Silverthree Sound Recordings. This album became a cornerstone in their career marking a stylistic evolution from their early punk/emo sound into more of a country/folk sound.
 Gleam is a live album recorded in 1975 by jazz trumpeter Freddie Hubbard. It was released as a double LP on Sony Music Japan and features a live performance recorded in Tokyo by Hubbard Carl Randall George Cables Henry Franklin Carl Burnett and Buck Clark. The selections are extended performances of material from Hubbard's recent albums High Energy and Polar AC; as well as three songs from the upcoming and as of then unrecorded album Liquid Love.
 What I Do the Best is the fourth studio album by American country music artist John Michael Montgomery. The tracks Ain't Got Nothin' on Us Friends How Was I to Know and I Miss You a Little were all released as singles peaking at #15 #2 #2 and #6 respectively on the Hot Country Songs charts making this the first album of his career not to produce a #1 hit.
 Grin and Bear It (1992) is the second full-length studio album by Impellitteri.
 Testify is a compilation album released only in North America by the British house music band M People. It contains the three new tracks that the band recorded for their British compilation album The Best of M People the previous year and the artwork is taken from the photographs used for that album.
 Mind Body & Soul is the second studio album by English recording artist Joss Stone. Released in the United Kingdom on 27 September 2004 by Relentless Records it is Stone's most successful album to date in the United Kingdom where it debuted at number one and stayed atop for one week. This made Stone became the youngest female singer to top the UK Albums Chart—a record previously held by Avril Lavigne— while Mind Body & Soul became the first number-one album for Relentless Records.
 The Chrysalis Years is a three-disc compilation that includes all five of the Ramones albums on Chrysalis Records: Brain Drain Mondo Bizarro Acid Eaters ¡Adios Amigos! and Loco Live (some versions include Animal Boy from Loco Live). It was released in 2002.
 Rarities 1971–2003 is a compilation album by The Rolling Stones that was released in 2005 worldwide by Virgin Records – as well as by the coffee-chain Starbucks in North America – and features a selection of rare and obscure material recorded between 1971 and 2003. The album peaked at No. 76 on the Billboard chart (Billboard 10 Dec 2005 p.
 Waiting for Touchdown is a compilation album by the New Zealand band Sneaky Feelings released in 1986. It combines songs from the album Send You and the singles Husband House and Better than Before.
 Vincero is the debut album by French singer Amaury Vassili. It was released on 6 February 2009. The album reached number 9 on the French Albums Chart. The album went double platinum and sold over 250000 copies in France.
 The Runaway Train EP is the second EP from American post-grunge band Oleander. It was released on November 19 2002 and marks the band's move from Universal Records to Sanctuary.
 Cell Mates is a split album by Bowling for Soup on their own Que-so Records with fellow Denton-based artists The V.I.M.S. Only 2100 copies of the album were released and the album is currently out of print. Bowling for Soup frontman Jaret Reddick considers this album to be the band's second studio album. The band released digitally remastered versions of Bowling for Soup Cell Mates and Tell Me When to Whoa through iTunes and Amazon.com in October 2011.
 Christmas is country music singer Clay Walker's seventh album. It was released September 10 2002 on Warner Bros. Records. It features Walker's renditions of various Christmas songs. Blue Christmas and Feliz Navidad both charted on the Hot Country Songs charts from Christmas airplay.
 Invasion (Nastyboy) is the first studio album by NB Ridaz. It was released on September 11 2001.
 Lucy Gray is the debut full length album from American emo band Envy On The Coast. The album was released under Matt Galle's Photo Finish Records on August 7 2007. The album's first single Sugar Skulls is currently on the iTunes Music store. Mirrors has also been released as the second single. The album features guest vocals from members of As Tall As Lions and Circa Survive.
 This Is Desolation is the second full-length studio album recorded by Shell Beach. It was released in November 2012.
 Greatest Hits Volume I is a compilation album released by Barry Manilow in 1989 on Arista Records. It was the first of a three-album series released that year along with Volume II and Volume III.
 Mamma Mia! Original Cast Recording is the original cast album for the 1999 English stage musical Mamma Mia!. The album was released in 1999 and it reached No.56 in the UK album chart with 2 weeks on the chart. Mamma Mia! reinvigorated the popularity of ABBA (the film soundtrack was the best selling album of the week and several songs made the top #75 in the UK singles chart).
 The Book of Thugs is a 2009 rap Album by Cleveland rap group Bone Thugs-n-Harmony.
 The Mess Hall released in 2003 is the first full-length album from the Australian Rock band The Mess Hall. The band's self-titled lo-fi Debut album was described as ....the perfect soundtrack to trashing a hotel room.
 Gold is the fourth compilation album by Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 2005.
 Licker's Last Leg is the first full length studio album by Goon Moon and the follow-up to 2005's I Got a Brand New Egg Layin' Machine. The record was released via Ipecac Recordings on May 8 2007. The album features cameos by longtime Goss collaborator Josh Homme and Nine Inch Nails drummer Josh Freese.
 Twilight of the Thunder God is the seventh studio album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Amon Amarth. Twilight of the Thunder God was released in September 2008.
 Sweet Lord is the third collaboration album from California rapper Murs (of the Living Legends) and North Carolina producer 9th Wonder (formerly of Little Brother). Like their other collaborations the album features ten songs all produced by 9th Wonder and is less than 40 minutes long.
 Meet The Smithereens! is the seventh studio album by Carteret New Jersey-based rock band The Smithereens. The album features the band covering The Beatles' 1964 debut American album Meet The Beatles!. Based on the fact that he is not on the cover and that he is not credited in the insert booklet this is The Smithereens' first album without original bassist Mike Mesaros (replaced by Severo The Thrilla Jornacion).
 The Mother the Mechanic and the Path is The Early November's second full-length album. The triple disc concept album was released on July 11 2006 via Drive-Thru Records. It currently has a rating of 3.6 Great on sputnikmusic.
 Burnin' is an album by American saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1958 but not released on Argo until 1960. It has not been released separately on CD yet but it can be found on the twofer Burnin' issued by Fresh Sounds Spain in 2009.Released as Sonny Stitt and Friends - How High the Moon on Chess. Adds tracks not on the original release.
 Valleys of Neptune is a posthumous album by American rock musician Jimi Hendrix.
 Unnamed EP is the fourth EP by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts. The EP was released in February 2010. The EP is limited to 500 copies on vinyl (400 on black 100 on clear) and is also available as a digital download.
 None So Live is a live album by Canadian technical death metal band Cryptopsy. It was released after Mike DiSalvo left the band and is the only release to feature Martin Lacroix on vocals.It was recorded June 1 2002 at The Medley in Montreal Quebec Canada.
 Twins (AVEP) was the first EP for Twins and was released on August 2001. It contained 3 music videos and 6 songs. Among the songs Ming Ai An Lian Bu Xi She (明愛暗戀補習社) was popular.
 We Shall Not Flag Or Fail We Shall Go On To The End is the first full length album by accordion singer-songwriter Geoff Berner.It was released in 2003 in Canadian and US territories.
 Yellow Pearl is the only compilation album to date of songs recorded by Irish rock musician Phil Lynott. The album released in 2010 features songs taken from Lynott's two solo albums Solo in Soho and The Philip Lynott Album together with rare singles remixes and b-sides.Many members of Lynott's band Thin Lizzy appear on the album including Scott Gorham Brian Downey Snowy White Darren Wharton and Gary Moore.
 Believe is the tenth studio album by British heavy metal band Girlschool released on Communiqué Records in 2004. It was the first album entirely played by the formation with new guitarist Jackie Chambers. It was re-released in 2008 in a limited edition including the DVD Around the World with footage from concerts and tours of 2004 and 2005. This limited edition was self-produced and sold through their official website and at concerts.
 We Must Believe in Magic is the fourth studio album by American country music singer Crystal Gayle. Released in 1977 it became her highest selling album reaching #2 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and #12 on the main Billboard album chart (her first album to enter the main chart and her only album to make the Top 30 there to date). It was certified platinum by the RIAA in 1978.
 Arboreal is the ninth studio album by The Flashbulb (Benn Jordan) released on 8 June 2010.Alphabasic offered Arboreal in a limited edition format (500 copies) that included a 20 page full-color booklet entitled While You Were Flying - The Rewards of Aerophobia. It contains pictures taken by Benn Jordan himself while driving across the United States.
 Open is an album by the Canada band Cowboy Junkies released in 2001.It was their third independent release after the end of their contract with Geffen Records and the first of those to feature new material.The album was released on Latent Records in Canada and on Zoë Records internationally.
 The 4Q Mangrenade is the seventh full-length album by Driller Killer. It was released on January 23 2006.
 Valenti was released in 2003 and is BoA's highest selling Japanese album (excluding overseas sales) and sold over 1.2 million copies.Valenti debuted at number on the weekly charts with over 615000 copies in its first week. It was also number one in its second week with another 222000 copies sold. Valenti has been certified million by the RIAJ.
 Fast Last! is an album by trumpeter Lester Bowie recorded for the Muse label and released in 1974. It features performances by Bowie Julius Hemphill John Hicks John Stubblefield Joseph Bowie Bob Stewart Cecil McBee Jerome Cooper Charles Shaw and Phillip Wilson.
 Ali is the second official mixtape by Odd Future member Mike G. It was released as a free digital download on the Odd Future website. The album features production from fellow Odd Future members Tyler The Creator Left Brain as well as Syd tha Kyd. Vince Staples Earl Sweatshirt and MellowHype are also featured on the album.
 Se ei olekaan niin (in English: But It's Not Like That) is the fourth studio album by Finnish pop rock singer-songwriter Maija Vilkkumaa. Released by Warner Music in Finland on 11 July 2005 it debuted at number one the Finnish Albums Chart and charted for 26 weeks. The album has sold over 47000 copies to date in Finland which has granted it a platinum certification.
 It'll All Work Out in Boomland is the debut album by British progressive rock band T2 and also their best known album. It is regarded as an excellent album by the progressive rock community.
 Dirty Work is the fourth full-length studio album by American pop punk band All Time Low. The album is the band's major label debut and was released on June 7 2011 by Interscope Records. I Feel Like Dancin' was released as the album's first single on April 15 2011. Frontman Alex Gaskarth felt the album was more of a pop-rock/alt-rock album for us. There are definitely elements of pop punk—where we came from.
 Let It Bleed is the eighth British and tenth American album by the English rock band the Rolling Stones released in December 1969 by Decca Records in the United Kingdom and London Records in the United States. Released shortly after the band's 1969 American Tour it is the follow-up to 1968's Beggars Banquet and the last album by the band to feature Brian Jones as well as the first to feature Mick Taylor.
 Farewell Album is the final album released by The New Seekers in their early 1970s hit-making line up released in 1974. It is also the group's last release on Polydor Records.
 Sweetheart of the Sun is the sixth studio album by The Greencards. It was released in August 2013 by Darling Street Records. It was produced mixed and recorded by Gary Paczosa with additional engineering by Shani Gandhi at Minutia Studio. Eric Boulanger mastered the recording at The Mastering Lab.The album was nominated for Best Folk Album at the 56th Grammy Awards.
 Tha Streetz Iz a Mutha is the second studio album by rapper Kurupt. It was released on November 16 1999 through Antra Records with distribution from Artemis Records. Kurupt lost distribution from A&M Records due to the corporate merger between PolyGram and Universal Music Group in early 1999. It features the single Who Ride Wit Us. The track Callin' Out Names is a diss track towards rappers Ja Rule and DMX. It has been certified Gold by the RIAA with sales of 507000+.
 Pure McCartney is a live DVD/CD and DVD/2-LP album by singer-songwriters Tim Christensen Mike Viola and Tracy Bonham with the band The Damn Crystals released in 2013.
 Southern Flavor is the eighteenth studio album by Bill Monroe released through MCA Records in 1988. In 1989 the album won Monroe the Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Recording (Vocal or Instrumental) an award currently known as Best Bluegrass Album.
 Fantastic Voyages Vol. 1 is a DVD released by the New Zealand band Fat Freddy's Drop. It includes live footage shot on their '2006 World Cup Tour' around Europe as well as extra music videos and bonus material.
 Nightwalkin' is the second album by American dance-pop and freestyle artist Alisha. It was released in the US in 1987 by RCA Records.
 Bang Bang is a 1997 album by American indie/roots rock band Dispatch. It is their second album following Silent Steeples.
 Best Friend is the second live praise and worship album by Hillsong United.
 On This Planet (1997) is an album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach. This is a studio album specially performed and recorded to simulate the atmosphere of Roach's live concerts.Most of the music on the album is fast rhythmic tribal ambient music. The album begins and ends with a recording of thunder.
 The Best Band in the Land is the third and final studio album of Collective Consciousness Society. It was recorded at Abbey Road Studios in London January to May 1973 and released in September that year.It includes covers of songs by The Kinks and Cream amongst others but unlike their first album it mostly features original compositions. The style continues that of their previous two albums with heavy rock and blues songs arranged with jazz instruments.
 Y Tenerte Otra Vez is a studio album released by Pepe Aguilar. This album became his first number one album on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart.
 Paid the Cost is the debut album by rap duo Penthouse Players Clique. The album was released in 1992 for Ruthless Records and was produced by DJ Quik DJ Battlecat and Eazy-E. The album was a success for the group making it to #76 on the Billboard 200 #28 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #1 on the Top Heatseekers album charts. Three singles were released Explanation of a Playa Trust No Bitch and P.S.
 Infinity is Journey's fourth album released in January 1978 on Columbia Records. It was the band's first album with vocalist Steve Perry.Looking for a stronger lead vocalist Journey briefly enlisted Robert Fleischman and even recorded a few tracks with him one of which For You later appeared on the Time3 compilation album and Fleischman's solo album Perfect Stranger. Fleischman was soon replaced by Steve Perry due to musical and management differences.
 The Pushover EP is an EP/Mini-Album from Australian singer-songwriter Lisa Miller. It was released in Australia in 2004 and features five live performances from the artist's Australian tour in support of Neil Young in 2003.
 For the Irish goddess see Banba.Banba is an album released by Irish folk group Clannad in 1994 on BMG records. It was re-issued in 2005 with the Afterlife mix bonus track of I Will Find You. Banba was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best New Age Album but was the runner-up to Spanish Angel by Paul Winter Consort.
 Moon River: The Very Best of Andy Williams is a compilation album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released on October 13 2009. A note from Williams inside the CD booklet explains that the album was put together to coincide with my memoir Moon River and Me published by Viking/Penguin. It includes many of the songs that you made hits.
 Inhuman Conditions is the second and final demo by American death metal band Injustice before their breakup. Various elements present on the demo including acoustic and atmospheric breaks help to establish the demo as ahead of its time. Following the release of Inhuman Conditions and the band's breakup vocalist/bassist William Braunstein and his brother Ron began their solo careers as underground hardcore hip hop artists both of which are still active as of today.
 Punjab Dian Lok Gathawan (Punjabi: ਪੰਜਾਬ ਦੀਆਂ ਲੋਕ-ਗਾਥਾਵਾਂ; also spelled as Punjab Diyan Lok Gathawan) the 7 inch 45 rpm was the first EP of Kuldeep Manak released by HMV (a subsidiary label of EMI) in 1973. The music was composed by Ram Saran Das and the lyrics were penned by Hardev Dilgir. The record contained one kali Teri Khatar Heere while the other three are the folk songs related to the old folktales of the Punjab. Recorded on the mono format the record was a hit.
 In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida is Iron Butterfly's first official release on video. It was recorded at the Beat Club January 1 1971.
 Megalomania is the second album released by Norwegian black metal band Enslavement of Beauty in 2001. The song And to Temptation's Darkness Forever Abide was added to the expanded version where the track order also is different. All music composed by Tony Eugene Tunheim all lyrics written by Ole Alexander Myrholt.
 Ether is the second and last album by Babble an electronic dance band that was composed of Tom Bailey Alannah Currie (formerly of the Thompson Twins) and Keith Fernley.
 Motown 1s is a collection of 25 #1 songs originally released by Motown Records plus a newly recorded bonus track Ain't No Mountain High Enough performed by Michael McDonald. It was released by Motown Records/UTV Records in 2004.
 CD-EP by moi Caprice released May 2002.
 Space Under Sun is the second album by American singer Ari Gold.
 Reflections is the fourth studio album of Finnish metal band Apocalyptica released in 2003 with a special-edition entitled Reflections Revised released in the later part of 2003 containing a DVD as well as the original album with five bonus tracks. The original slipcase cover is a picture of a burning cello which is also seen in the inside traycard of all versions.
 Revenge is a Healthy Motive is hardcore punk band Endwell's second EP and third physical release. This album is also the first release after switching from Victory Records to Mediaskare. The album will be released exclusively through iTunes independent music stores and directly from the band on tour. The EP departs from the band's previous pop punk/hardcore punk mix and focuses strictly on hardcore.
 Flip-Flop is the fourth and final studio album by Marietta Georgia band Guadalcanal Diary. It was released in 1989 on Elektra Records.
 Back to the Well is an album released in 2003 by American country music singer Kenny Rogers. The album includes the singles Harder Cards I'm Missing You and Handprints on the Wall all of which charted on the Hot Country Songs chart between 2002 and 2003. Harder Cards peaked at number 47 I'm Missing You at 49 and Handprints on the Wall at 40. The album itself reached number 52 on the Top Country Albums chart.
 So What! – A Tribute to The Anti-Nowhere League is a tribute album to the English punk rock band the Anti-Nowhere League. It consist of 18 tracks of various songs done in English and German.
 Dolenz Jones Boyce & Hart was an album released by the group of the same name released in 1976. The group consisted of Micky Dolenz Davy Jones Tommy Boyce and Bobby Hart. Dolenz and Jones had been members of 1960s pop group/band The Monkees while Boyce and Hart had written many of the group's biggest hits such as Last Train to Clarksville and (Theme from) The Monkees. As such several publications such as Allmusic consider the album to be a Monkees-reunion album.
 Live Acoustic is an EP by British alternative rock band The Auteurs. It was recorded in Paris at Passage du Nord Ouest on February 22nd 1993 and released as mail-order promotional 7.
 Themes from William Blake's The Marriage of Heaven and Hell is the fourth album by Norwegian experimental band Ulver. It is a musical setting of William Blake's book The Marriage of Heaven and Hell featuring guest vocals. The actual CD booklet contains the plates of Blake's scriptures which are contained in the lyrics.The album is a drastic change in sound to that of its predecessors the title alone being a loud signal that Ulver had changed somewhat.
 Some Girls: Live in Texas '78 is a live concert film by The Rolling Stones released in 2011. It was filmed in 16 mm during the US Tour 1978. This live performance was recorded and filmed during one show at the Will Rogers Auditorium in Fort Worth Texas 18 July 1978 during their US Tour 1978 in support of their album Some Girls. The concert film was released on DVD/Blu-ray Disc Combo (DVD & CD set) and (Blu-ray Disc & CD set) on 15 November 2011.
 Glory Defined: The Best of Building 429 is an album by Christian rock band Building 429 which was released on June 3 2008 through Word Records. This recording is the band's first compilation album.
 Shine a Light is the second full length album released by the Constantines and their first to be released internationally on the Sub Pop record label. It was the first album to feature keyboard player Will Kidman as a member of the band. The album also features some saxophone assistance from Jonas Berkeley.
 Extended Play is the debut EP from Denver Harbor. It was first released by the band on December 16 2003 featuring a skit at the very end of the CD about a hung-over girl who wakes up in bed next to a stranger. After the first print run of the EP sold out Denver Harbor re-recorded the songs for the second printing issued on April 20 2004. The artwork stayed the same and the easiest way to tell the versions apart is said outro which was removed for the second edition.
 The Marriage of Heaven and Hell Part I is the sixth studio album by American power metal band Virgin Steele released in 1994. It is the first part of a trilogy of concept albums comprising also The Marriage of Heaven and Hell Part II and Invictus about the relationship between humanity and divinity.
 Maximum Rocknroll is an album by NOFX that compiles early singles and demo songs. It was released without the band's consent.Maximum Rocknroll was originally released on cassette in 1989 by Mystic Records and again three years later on LP and CD.When the original cassette was released in 1989 it was released under a different title E is for Everything though the track listing was identical to the other formats. E is for Everything is currently out of print.
 Live From Dakota is the first live album by Stereophonics. It is a 2-disc compilation featuring 20 tracks spanning the first five of the band's albums and capturing the best of their 2005 world tour. Rather than being a recording of single show every night of the tour was recorded and the band picked out the best version of each song individually. The album title is therefore not literal but references the name of their first UK number one single.
 Unicorn is the debut album by British dance-pop trio Chew Lips. It was released on 25 January 2010.
 Live at the Lighthouse is a live album by American jazz group the Modern Jazz Quartet featuring performances recorded at the Lighthouse Café in 1967 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Northern Hyperblast Live is a live album by Canadian death metal band Kataklysm. It is the last appearance of singer Sylvain Houde with the band. It also includes the EP Vision the Chaos.
 Da Next Level is the second album released by rapper Mr. Serv-On. It was released on February 16 1999 through No Limit Records and was produced entirely by the label's in-house production team Beats By the Pound. The album was a huge success making it to #14 on the Billboard 200 and #1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums however despite the album's success Mr. Serv-On left No Limit soon after and has not found the same success he obtained with No Limit in the late 90s.
 Electronomicon is an album released in 2000 by New Zealand band Pitch Black. Electronomicon was later re-released in a special version which included the original recordings remastered and a second disc of remixes.
 Immer nur träumen (Always Only Dreaming) is the tenth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. This is the first studio album with singer/guitarist Albin Bucher who replaced Roland Bausert. Record sales started to drop after the release of this album.
 Prevail is the ninth studio album by Canadian death metal band Kataklysm released May 23 2008 in Europe and June 6 2008 in North America. Music videos were filmed for the tracks Taking The World By Storm and Blood in Heaven.
 Wilco Live: Ashes of American Flags is a live performance DVD by the American alternative rock band Wilco.The film was released exclusively to independent record stores through Nonesuch Records on April 18 2009 in coordination with Record Store Day. The wide-scale release of the DVD was April 28 2009.
 Lena Philipsson was released on 22 November 1995 and is an album from Swedish pop singer Lena Philipsson. Lena Philipsson and Torgny Söderberg wrote the songs. The album peaked at #10 at the Swedish album chart.
 Outside the Box is the second and latest album by British dubstep producer Skream released on 9 August 2010 on Tempa records. The album features collaborations with electropop duo La Roux and American rapper Murs amongst others. Two singles were released from the album: Listenin' To The Records On My Wall and Where You Should Be (the latter featuring singer Sam Frank).
 Cover Up is the thirteenth album by UB40 released in 2001. It was their first studio album release since 1998 when they released Labour of Love III. There was no US release but rather it was released as an international release. The first single released from this album was Since I Met You Lady but it did not rise higher than #40 on the UK charts.
 Live at Ring is Esthetic Education's live album recorded on 10 February 2006 in Kiev's club Ring and was released in June 2006.
 Say It Live and Loud: Live in Dallas 08.26.68 is a live album by James Brown released in 1998. Taped at Dallas Memorial Auditorium soon after Say It Loud – I'm Black and I'm Proud had been released to the airwaves it includes one of the only live recordings of the song with the arena crowd shouting the call and response portions.
 Southern Voice is the tenth studio album by country music artist Tim McGraw. It is the first album of all new material since Let It Go in 2007. The album includes the singles It's a Business Doing Pleasure with You the title track and Still.
 Mr. Big Live is a recording of a live concert by the melodic hard rock band Mr. Big held March 28 1992 at the Warfield Theatre in San Francisco California. The concert was released as both a compact disc and a video.
 Desperate Youth Blood Thirsty Babes is a 2004 debut album by the American art rock band TV on the Radio. The album recorded at Headgear Studio in Brooklyn was awarded the Shortlist Music Prize for 2004. It was released on CD 12 vinyl and MP3 download formats. The CD is enhanced with two different quality QuickTime video files of the Dreams music video. The 12 features two records with the extra song You Could Be Love and a different track order from the CD.
 Hephaestus is the second album by Iceburn released in 1993 through Revelation Records.
 Portrait is the first album by the American actress Lynda Carter. It was released in 1978 on vinyl LP 8-track and cassette as well as a limited edition picture LP. Carter co-wrote three of the songs: Want to Get Beside You Fantasy Man and Toto (Don't It Feel Like Paradise). The album also included the cover songs She's Always a Woman by Billy Joel and Just One Look by Doris Troy.
 Titles is the debut solo studio album by English new wave artist Mick Karn released in 1982. Karn recorded the album in London during July and August 1982. The single Sensitive is a reworking of the Roberto Carlos song La Distancia.[citation needed]
 King Crimson Live in Mainz is a live album by the band King Crimson released through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in March 2001. The album was recorded at Elzer Hof Mainz Germany March 30 1974.Like other concerts from the European tour of early 1974 this show was recorded directly from the soundboard. Four tracks (The Savage Arabica Atria and Trio) were improvisations. The liner notes were written by John Wetton in December 2000.
 Serenade to Sweden is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington and vocalist Alice Babs recorded in 1963 and released on the Reprise label in 1966. The album was Alice Babs debut and has yet to be released on CD.
 Wrath is the third album by electropop group Iris released in 2005. Taking the organic style of Awakening and adding guitars they created this album with more of a 'rock' feel than a 'club' feel.
 Then and Now is the second studio album by American R&B group Livin Out Loud. More Than a Fantasy was the first hit from the album. The songs I Can't Stop You Make Me Smile and Cuz I Gotta Know (Souled Out Mix) will appear on the UK release of their upcoming 2014 album Take It Easy.
 Live on the Rocks is a live album by rock band Blues Traveler recorded at their annual Red Rocks Independence Day shows in 2003.
 Here Come the ABCs is the eleventh studio album and second children's album by alternative rock band They Might Be Giants aimed at young children learning the alphabet.
 The Ugly Truth is the collaborative album from Prolyphic & Reanimator released on Strange Famous Records in 2008.
 Doctrine is the sixth studio album by Dutch technical death metal band Pestilence which was released on April 24 2011. The album was recorded and mixed at Woodshed Studio in southern Germany with engineer Victor V.Santura Bullok. The artwork was designed by Marko Saarelainen. The album represents a second release by the reformed Pestilence with two new members: Yuma van Eekelen and Jeroen Paul Thesseling who was a member of the band during the Spheres era.
 Lady To Ladies is a tribute album by Amii Stewart released in 1994. The album includes songs made famous by other female singers among them Nina Simone Annie Lennox Tina Turner Donna Summer Barbra Streisand Diana Ross Aretha Franklin Patti LaBelle Roberta Flack and Chaka Khan. Why was at a later point re-recorded as a duet with Randy Crawford and issued as a single.
 Humming is the second album by American singer-songwriter Duncan Sheik. It was released on Atlantic Records in 1998.
 Lost to Apathy is the fifth EP by Swedish melodic death metal band Dark Tranquillity. It was released on November 15 2004 through Century Media Records. The songs; Lost to Apathy Derivation TNB and the remixed version of The Endless Feed were all recorded from the Character album. Undo Control is from the previously released Live Damage DVD.
 Heavy Petting Zoo is the sixth studio album by the American punk rock band NOFX. It was released on January 31 1996 through Epitaph Records. The record reached a position of No. 63 on the American Billboard 200 Albums chart the first NOFX album to do so. In Austria Heavy Petting Zoo peaked at No. 20 while the album achieved the No. 13 position in both Sweden and Finland.
 The Abbey Road Sessions/The Walk is an album released by Christian singer Steven Curtis Chapman. The album was released on March 29 2005 by Sparrow Records and EMI.The album features versions of classic Chapman songs recorded at the historic Abbey Road Studios. It also includes 60 minutes of documentary footage focusing on the first 10 years of Chapman's career that was originally released on VHS titled The Walk.
 Live at the BBC is a compilation of sessions recorded at the BBC between 1994 and 1998 by the British band Shed Seven released in 2007.Disc one is a compilation of BBC sessions between 1994 - 1998 while disc two includes several live tracks from 1995 - 1997.
 Kingdom of Desire is the eighth studio album by Toto released in 1992. Guitarist Steve Lukather assumed sole lead vocal duties as their previous lead singer Jean-Michel Byron was sacked following the Past To Present tour. Drummer Jeff Porcaro died shortly after the making of the album; he was replaced by British drummer Simon Phillips. The album was mixed by Bob Clearmountain.
 Blood Chet and Tears is an album by jazz trumpeter Chet Baker recorded in 1970 and released on the Verve label.
 Halcyon (Best of) is a compilation album by the British electronica duo Orbital featuring a selection of singles from their career together it was released in 2005.
 Ratsafari is the second full-length album by Swedish heavy metal band Mustasch. It was released in 2003.
 This article describes the 46th album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 46 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 46 is the 46th edition of the Now! series in the United States. It was released on May 7 2013.
 Long Hard Funky Dreams is the title of Scottish pop singer Mary Kiani's debut album and album track from it.The album was released on January 27 1997. It has long since been deleted and the catalogue number was 534 512-2.
 The Trees They Grow So High (also Early One Morning) is the debut album of English soprano Sarah Brightman. The album consists of European folk songs with arrangements by Benjamin Britten and accompanying piano by Geoffrey Parsons.
 Desperado is the second studio album by the Eagles. It was recorded at Island Studios in London United Kingdom and released in 1973. Desperado is a concept album based on the Dalton gang and the Old West.The band members are featured on the album's cover dressed like an outlaw gang; Desperado remains the only Eagles album where the band members appear on the cover. Although the title track is one of the Eagles' signature songs it was never released as a single.
 Say It is the debut album from Britt Nicole. It was released May 22 2007 and features the hit songs You Believe and Set the World On Fire.
 Unleash the Carnivore is the third studio album by American death metal band Devourment. It was released through Brutal Bands on June 26 2009.
 That's All Very Well But... is a best of compilation of the band McCarthy.Initially planned for release in 1991 but shelved after the Midnight Music label went bankrupt.
 Raiders of Revenge is a split album by the black metal band Graveland and RAC band Honor. It was released in 2000 on Resistance Records.
 Past<Future is the ninth studio album released by Japanese pop singer Namie Amuro on December 16 2009. The album arrived over two years after Play (2007). Amuro stated that she saw Past<Future as a fresh start following the highly successful Best Fiction (2008).Only one single Wild/Dr. was released from the album. Several of the album tracks were used in promotional campaigns leading up to its release including My Love and Copy That currently being used in Vidal Sassoon commercials.
 The North Sea Scrolls is a collaborative project from Luke Haines Cathal Coughlan and Andrew Mueller which was performed live in 2011 with an album following in 2012.
 Swinging 34 Vols. 1 & 2 is a jazz album by Benny Goodman. It was released in 1934.
 Cover Me is the fourteenth studio album of German pop singer Nena released in 2007. In it she covers her favourite songs with the first CD devoted to German-language originals and the second to English-language originals. Mach die Augen auf Ich werde dich lieben and Mein Weg ist mein Weg were released as singles.
 Kingpin is a 2000 blues album by Tinsley Ellis. It was recorded at Ocean Way by David Z (also the producer) who also mixed at Javelina Recording Studio (both in Nashville Tennessee) for Supersonic Productions. It was mastered by George Marino at Sterling Sound NY.Tinsley wrote/co-wrote three songs.
 Funky Dory is the solo debut album by British pop–dance singer Rachel Stevens. It was released by Polydor Records on September 29 2003 in the United Kingdom. The album was produced by various record producers including Bloodshy & Avant and Richard X. It received a mixed reception from music critics some of whom complimented its surprising diversity charm and relative depth while others though of it to be poorly written produced and forgettable.
 Timeless is the thirty-fifth studio album by Bobby Vinton released in 1989. Two singles came from this album: It's Been One of Those Days and Please Tell Her That I Said Hello.
 Feel is a studio album by former Deep Purple Black Sabbath and Trapeze vocalist/ bassist Glenn Hughes. It was released in 1995 on Zero Corporation and SPV records and was Hughes’ fourth solo studio album.
 Now That's What I Call Music! 83 or Now! 83 is a double-disc compilation album that was released in the United Kingdom on 19 November 2012. It is the 83rd edition of the UK Now! series and available on CD and downloadable format.
 Late Night Tales: Nightmares on Wax is a DJ mix album mixed by Nightmares on Wax released as part of Late Night Tales' Late Night Tales / Another Late Night DJ series.
 Mingus Big Band Live at Jazz Standard is the title of a live album released by the Jazz ensemble Mingus Big Band. The album was recorded at the Jazz Standard in New York City. The album was awarded the 2010 Grammy Award for Best Large Jazz Ensemble Album.
 Years after the breakup of Siouxsie and the Banshees the three core members (Siouxsie Sioux Steven Severin and Budgie) plus final Banshees guitarist Knox Chandler reunited for an abbreviated tour of the US and the UK in 2002. The Seven Year Itch is a live album composed of performances recorded at London's Shepherd's Bush Empire on July 9 and 10 2002.
 Blizzard Beasts is the fourth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Immortal. It was released on 20 March 1997 through Osmose Productions. It is the last Immortal album to feature founding member Demonaz Doom Occulta on guitar and the first to feature Horgh on drums. Demonaz was later diagnosed with acute tendinitis which prevented him from playing guitar at the required speed for Immortal's music.
 Not to be Confused with the Song off Post-Hardcore album Awakening by Blessthefall40 Days is the debut full-length album from Canadian folk trio The Wailin' Jennys. The lineup of the group at the time was Ruth Moody Nicky Mehta and Cara Luft. This was the last recording to feature Luft who left the group the following year.Although the title 40 Days appears as a line in the song Something to Hold Onto and traditionally has religious significance it was chosen for another reason.
 Came Out of the Grave is an album by the band Balzac.
 Porno Mint & Grime is a B-side compilation album by alternative pop/rock band Self. The album Self's eighth album was released for free and features B-sides and demos recorded for the album Ornament and Crime which has not yet been released.The tracks were originally streamed on the band's website before being offered for download along with complete cover art and liner notes for fans who choose to burn their own CD.
 We Still Crunk!! is the second studio album by Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz.
 Things We Do is the first album from the band Indigenous released in 1998 under the Pachyderm Records label.In 1999 Indigenous won three Native American Music Awards for this record including two top honors: Album of the Year and Group of the Year. A video for the lead single and title track directed by Chris Eyre (acclaimed director of Smoke Signals) won the American Indian Film Festival award and was shown three times at the Sundance Film Festival.
 A Reality Tour is a DVD released in 2004 of David Bowie's performance at Point Theatre in Dublin Ireland in 2003 during the Reality Tour.
 Blue Sky Mind is the first studio album by Sheavy released in 1996.
 Les Épousailles (The Wedding) is a 1980 album by La Bottine Souriante.
 Passione is the second album by opera singer Paul Potts. It was released in 2009. Potts spent nearly a year recording Passione in Prague and Stockholm.
 Candy Eyed (aka Pan de Lonely) is the second album by American indie rock singer Katy Rose.After writing more than 70 songs and a three year break Rose released the follow-up to her 2004 album Because I Can. Rose announced the album on the day of its release in a 'friends only' blog on her Myspace page.This album marks a change in direction for Rose with a dance and electronic influenced sound.
 Hypnotize the Moon is American country music singer Clay Walker's third studio album. It was released October 17 1995 on Giant Records. It was the third consecutive album of his career to earn RIAA platinum certification for U.S. shipments of one million copies although it was also the first album of his career not to produce any Number One hits. Released from this album were in order: Who Needs You Baby the title track Only on Days That End in 'Y' and Bury the Shovel.
 Sadisfaction is the first album by Gregorian.Originally Gregorian was conceived as a more pop-oriented group in the vein of Enigma. Under this concept they recorded this album with lead vocals provided by The Sisters of Oz: Susana Espelleta (Peterson's wife at the time) and Birgit Freud. However this was the only album in that style leading to the Masters of Chant albums.
 Türkçe Sözlü Hafif Anadolu Müziği is an album by Arto Tunçboyacıyan released in 2004.
 L'Essentiel is a compilation album by Mano Negra released May 28 2004.
 Spy is singer-songwriter Carly Simon's ninth album and eighth studio album released in 1979. It is also her last album for Elektra Records. The title of the album is a tribute to Anaïs Nin whose quote “I am an international spy in the house of love” is written on the inside.
 Un Peu de l'Âme des Bandits (English: A Little of the Bandit Spirit) is the second album by Belgian avant-rock band Aksak Maboul. It was recorded at Sunrise Studio in Kirchberg Switzerland in February and August 1979 and released on LP in January 1980 on founding member Marc Hollander's Belgian independent record label Crammed Discs. At the time the band had changed the spelling of their name to Aqsak Maboul and this is reflected on the album's record sleeve.
 Just a Boy is the second album by English singer-songwriter Leo Sayer and was released in 1974.
 White Sugar is the debut album of British Blues Artist Joanne Shaw Taylor. It was released in 2009 on Ruf Records.
 Better Ways to Die is the fourth studio album by Boston hardcore punk band Death Before Dishonor. It was released in 2009 on Bridge 9 Records.
 Dans Et (Dance!) is the fifth studio album by Turkish pop singer Demet Akalın released on 1 March 2008 in Turkey through Seyhan Müzik. Later on the album was also released in Azerbaijan Syria Romania Bulgaria and other East European countries.
 BANG! is the debut U.S. album by German glam rock band Cinema Bizarre.
 KOP is the fifth album released in 2002 of the Turkish pop singer Mustafa Sandal.
 Back 2 Back Hits is a compilation album by rappers M.C. Hammer and Vanilla Ice. The album was originally released in 1998 for CEMA Special Markets and was re-released in 2006 for Capitol Records. The first five songs on the album are by M.C. Hammer and the last five are by Vanilla Ice. The 2006 release replaced Pray with Help the Children.
 I'mperfect (stylised as i'mperfect) is an album by Ling Tosite Sigure released on April 10 2013. It includes both their previous singles. Abnormalize was used as the opening theme for animated series Psycho-Pass. The album was released in the UK and Europe by JPU Records.
 Kung-Fu Cocktail Grip is the only studio album by the American rock band Hog Molly. It was released in 2000 on Kool Arrow Records and produced by Jack Endino.
 Power Company is an album by the Eric Burdon Band released in 1983. It features recordings from the Comeback project. It also features live recordings.
 Monsieur Camembert is the fourth album from Australian Gypsy fusion band Monsieur Camembert. Released in March 2005 it won the 2005 ARIA Award for Best World Music Album.
 Haroon Ki Awaz is the debut album by the Pakistani pop singer Haroon released in October 2000. This was his first album after a short hiatus due to his breakup with his band Awaz. The album for the time had ground breaking production it was a huge hit particularly songs like Jeekay Dekha Yara and Pyareya. The album was recorded in Haroon's personal studio called Turbo Charged Funky Lil Studio. Haroon recorded engineered mixed and produced this album.
 Infamous is the second studio album by Canadian electronicore band Abandon All Ships. It was released on July 3 2012 through Rise Records. On January 18 2012 the band announced that they were in the process or recording their second studio album which they initially intended for a late-spring or early-summer release. The album's lead single Infamous features guest rap vocals by Canadian rapper A-Game.
 Destination: Sun is the fourth album by Dayton Ohio funk band Sun
 Drug Abuse is an album released by Detroit rapper Dice on Big Head a record label he founded after a dispute with his previous label Fallen Angelz.
 Dragon Ball & Dragon Ball Z: Great Complete Collection (ドラゴンボール&ドラゴンボールZ 大全集 Doragon Bōru ando Doragon Bōru Zetto Daizenshū) or simply Dragon Ball & Dragon Ball Z as fans have come to know it by is a five disc CD soundtrack set of the anime Dragon Ball and Dragon Ball Z. It was released by Columbia Records on April 1 1994 in Japan only.
 Platinum & Gold Collection is a 2003 Ace of Base compilation album released in the United States. It has since been repackaged and sold as The Hits. It peaked at #16 on Billboard's Top Electronic Albums Chart on October 16 2004.
 Hiidentorni / Perimä Vihassa Ja Verikostossa is a compilation by the black metal band Horna. It was released on Woodcut Records in 2000.
 Metamorphosis is the fourth studio album by Iron Butterfly released in 1970. Though it was not as successful as its predecessor Ball (1969) it reached number 16 on the US charts. The album was recorded as a trio; Erik Brann who left because of band disputes was replaced by four session guitarists. Two of them Mike Pinera and Larry Rhino Reinhardt (called El Rhino on the sleeve) would become members of Iron Butterfly shortly after the album's release.
 Hear & Now is a Rock album by Billy Squier that was released on June 14 1989. Like his previous album 1986's Enough Is Enough it sold roughly 300000 US copies. The disc's single Don't Say You Love Me reached #4 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks and #58 on the Billboard Hot 100. It was aided by a popular MTV music video.
 First Daze Here (The Vintage Collection) (2001) is the first of two compilations featuring 1970s material that Pentagram have released through Relapse Records. It was followed by First Daze Here Too in 2006. First Daze Here marked the first time that these early Pentagram recordings were officially released with worldwide distribution. The vinyl version came with a bonus 7 a replica of the 1972 Macabre single containing the songs Be Forewarned and Lazylady.
 Gates of Fire is an album released by heavy metal band Manilla Road in 2005. It is divided into a trilogy: The Frost's Giant Daughter inspired by the story of the same name written by Robert E. Howard; Out of the Ashes based on Virgil's Aeneid; and Gates of Fire inspired by the stand of King Leonidas and his Spartans at the battle of Thermopylae.
 Penikufesin is the third EP by the American thrash metal band Anthrax. Culled from the State of Euphoria sessions it was released in August 1989 on Megaforce Records/Island Records.
 Those of You with or Without Children You'll Understand is a 1986 album by Bill Cosby. It was his first of two for Geffen Records and the first album to be produced by his wife Camille. The album was recorded at The Syria Mosque Pittsburgh PA and The Riverfront Coliseum Cincinnati OH. It won the 1987 Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album.
 We're Just Waiting For You Now was the first album released by Jon Kennedy.This is his only release on the Tru Thoughts independent record label. His later releases were issued on the Grand Central Records label.
 What Happens in Hell Stays in Hell is the eighth studio album by the psychobilly band the Nekromantix released August 2 2011 through Hellcat Records. It is the band's first album with guitarist Franc and drummer Lux; Franc replaced touring guitarist Pete Belair in 2007 while Lux replaced former drummer Andy DeMize who was killed in a car crash in January 2009.
 Say I Am You is the second album released by pop-folk band The Weepies and their first full-length record. It was released on Nettwerk Records on March 7 2006.
 Live @ ATP is a collection of songs recorded during the performance of Boards of Canada at All Tomorrow's Parties on 7 April 2001. These songs were later released onto P2P networks where they are still widely available. Along with a few known songs the majority of the songs have never before been released and are unnamed. This performance was not formally released by Boards of Canada.
 Izzy Stradlin and the Ju Ju Hounds is the debut studio album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin. Unlike future albums released by Stradlin this one was released under a band name: Izzy Stradlin and the Ju Ju Hounds.
 Who Are You is the eighth studio album by English rock band The Who released through Polydor Records in the United Kingdom and MCA Records in the United States. It peaked at number 2 on the US charts and number 6 on the UK charts. It is The Who's last album with Keith Moon as the drummer; Moon died twenty days after the release of this album.In 1996 the album was re-released in remixed form.
 The Way I Am is the fourteenth studio album by Billy Preston released in 1981.
 Tommy is a soundtrack album by The Who with contributions from numerous artists. The soundtrack was used in the 1975 Tommy film that was based on the original album that was released by The Who in 1969. Pete Townshend oversaw the production of this double-LP recording that returned the music to its rock roots and on which the unrecorded orchestral arrangements he had envisaged for the original Tommy LP were realised by the extensive use of synthesiser.
 A Family Affair is an album by Christian McBride.
 When This Is Over is the debut album by Canadian rapper Shad released in 2005. The album was financed by $17500 Shad won from 91.5 The Beat's Rhythm of the Future talent competition while completing his final year of undergraduate study at Wilfrid Laurier University.The album features tracks on topics ranging from the Rwandan genocide to race in basketball.
 Eternity Rites is the debut studio album by the Austrian neoclassical dark wave band Dargaard released in 1998 by Napalm Records under the Draenor Productions banner. The album was recorded and mixed at Hoernix Studios by Georg Hranda and Tharen during 1998. It instills a dark rhythm and develops a climactic fairytale full of medieval/folk themes beautifully composed and perfectly performed.The album includes eleven tracks two of which are different parts of the song Eternity Rites.
 This Beautiful Life is the fourth studio album released by Big Bad Voodoo Daddy in 1999.
 Satan is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1974 and released on the Cadet label.
 If is the fourth studio album by Mindless Self Indulgence. It was released through The End Records on April 28 2008 in the UK and on April 29 2008 in the US.
 Just Lookin' for a Hit is the first greatest hits album released by American country music artist Dwight Yoakam. It includes eight singles from his 1980s albums for Reprise Records as well as two newly recorded cover songs: Long White Cadillac originally recorded by The Blasters and Sin City originally recorded by the Flying Burrito Brothers.
 Brendon Small's Galaktikon is the solo album debut by Brendon Small known for his work on the animated television shows Metalocalypse and Home Movies and as creator of virtual death metal band Dethklok. The album features Dethklok members Gene Hoglan and Bryan Beller on drums and bass respectively. Small described the album as a high-stakes intergalactic extreme rock album and describes it as being similar to Dethklok but with more rock elements and melodic vocals.
 Somewhere in Between is the debut studio album by American hard rock band Systematic released on May 22 2001.
 Singles 1971–2006 is a box set compilation of singles by The Rolling Stones spanning the years 1971 to 2006.
 Mind: The Perpetual Intercourse is the second album by Skinny Puppy released in September 1986. It contained the single Dig It which inspired several industrial music contemporaries including Nine Inch Nails.The cover photo taken by Steven R. Gilmore was from a pornographic film that happened to come on the TV in a hotel in New York.
 The Way of Curve is a compilation album by Curve.The album consists of two discs: the first is basically a greatest hits disc containing many of Curve's most famous and successful songs; the second contains rare tracks including one ('In Disguise') that had never been released. All tracks were remastered for the release though some of the tracks (such as Die Like A Dog) had errors.
 Tightrope is the debut album from Australian pop singer Stephanie McIntosh which was released on 11 September 2006 and re-released on 19 March 2007. It was released to the UK on 20 August 2007 with an alternate track listing and cover but some Australian editions of the album have been seen in UK music stores such as HMV.
 Hidden Stash 420 is a 2009 compilation album from American hip hop group Kottonmouth Kings. It is their fourth compilation album and includes b-sides remixes demos solo tracks by Kottonmouth Kings members D-Loc and Johnny Richter and collaborations with other artists. The album comprises 40 tracks on two discs.The Best Buy edition of the album includes a bonus DVD titled Lost Adventures which consists of two hours of behind the scenes footage and videos.
 X-Ology: The Best of X-Raided is the first compilation album released by rapper X-Raided. It was released on August 14 2001 for Black Market Records and was produced by X-Raided Brotha Lynch Hung Sicx Big Hollis and KG. X-Raided stated that the songs on this album were throw-aways from Unforgiven V1 & V2 Vengeance Is Mine and Nefarious. This is a collection of X-Raided's hottest recordings. It tells the compelling story of the young mans life.
 The Continuum Hypothesis is the 3rd full-length studio album released by the Melodic death/Black metal band Epoch of Unlight. It is the first to feature new vocalist BJ Cook and new guitarist Josh Braddock.
 Ice Upon the Night is the second studio album by Finnish melodic death metal band Immortal Souls. It is Immortal Souls' first album released by the Dutch Fear Dark record label. It was released in March 2003.
 Imaginary Monsters is the third EP by the Canadian rock band The Birthday Massacre and contains three new tracks and five remixes. It was released August 9 2011. The whole album was made available for streaming direct from the band's Myspace on August 4 2011. Album artwork by Owen Mackinder the band's keyboardist.
 PunkFunkRootsRock is the second album by the band Man Raze.
 Farewell is the last album released by Christian rock band Petra. It was released in 2005. A DVD of the concert was released in 2006.This is the second live album of the band and it was recorded during the bands Farewell tour in Franklin Tennessee on October 4 2005.The concert features guest appearances by two former members of the band: singer Greg X. Volz and keyboardist John Lawry.
 Siento is the second studio album by Miguel de la Bastide. It was recorded and mastered at La Bastide Productions in Toronto Canada in 2003.All titles were composed and arranged by Miguel de la Bastide with the exception of track 7 Amanecer it was co-written co-arranged and co-produced with Elliot Zeitoune at KTP Music Productions. As per the liner notes.This album is also an Enhanced CD that was compatible with PC and Mac (OS9 only) computers at the time of production.
 Curiosum is the ninth album by the electronic music outfit Cluster. It was also the final collaboration between Dieter Moebius and Hans-Joachim Roedelius before an eight-year hiatus.Curiosum was recorded in May 1981 at Hamet Hof in Vienna Austria and released later that year. The album was Cluster's last release for Sky. It lives up to its name with the seven relatively short tracks of offbeat and unusual melodies.
 Doro Live was the first official live album by German hard rock singer Doro Pesch recorded during the Angels Never Die tour in Germany and released by Vertigo in 1993. The VHS Doro Live '93 was released at the same time only in Europe. It was filmed during two concerts in Germany on 6 and 7 October 1993 and contains two more songs: The Fortuneteller and East Meets West.
 Beneath the Shadows is the second studio album by the American hardcore punk band T.S.O.L. (True Sounds of Liberty) released in 1983 through Alternative Tentacles. With the addition of keyboardist Greg Kuehn to the lineup the band moved away from punk rock in favor of a gothic rock sound in the vein of The Damned and Siouxsie and the Banshees alienating much of their hardcore audience in the process.
 The Album of the Year is a compilation album presented by American rap label Suave House Records on July 29 1997. The album contained ten tracks recorded by Suave House artists including 8Ball & MJG Tela and South Circle each of which featured production from Suave House's production team Smoke One Productions.Upon its release The Album of the Year rose to #26 on the Billboard 200 and #4 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Blue Day is a compilation album by English shoegazing band Slowdive. It was released in 1992 on Creation Records and compiles the first three Slowdive EPs Slowdive (missing the track Avalyn II) Morningrise (in its entirety) and Holding Our Breath (missing the Syd Barrett cover Golden Hair and Catch the Breeze which appears on the first full-length Just for a Day).
 Time to Win Vol. 1 is the first official EP from the Canadian band Down with Webster. It released October 6 2009 on Universal Motown. The album was successful in Canada all three singles off the album charted in the top 25 on the Canadian Hot 100 and all three were certified Platinum. The album has sold over 40000 copies in Canada and was certified Gold in December 2010.
 Everything's the Rush is the third studio album by British indie band Delays. It was released on 5 May 2008 in the United Kingdom.
 Klinga mina klockor (Ring my Bell) is an album by Benny Andersson released in 1987. This album of Swedish folk music was a hit in Scandinavia.
 Live in New York City 12-31-05 is an EP by Trey Anastasio that was bundled with select CD copies of Shine at Tower Records during 2006. The disc features tracks from a live concert at Madison Square Garden in New York City on New Year's Eve 2005 where Anastasio and his band opened for The Black Crowes.
 Ethnicity is Yanni's 13th studio album released in 2003 (see 2003 in music) extending his One World One People philosophy. It peaked at #27 on Billboard's Top Internet Albums chart and at #27 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2003. It also peaked at #1 on the Top New Age Albums chart in 2004.One element distinguishing Ethnicity from previous albums is the extensive use of human voices not only solo arias and group chants but also bona fide lyrics a rare departure for the artist.
 Artistic Transformations: Themes and Variations is a compilation soundtrack made up of music from The Transformers: The Movie all performed on piano by the film's composer Vince DiCola. It was first released as an exclusive at the 2001 BotCon convention. However it is now commercially available.
 Sing It Loud is the thirteenth studio album by k.d. lang and was released on April 1 2011 (2011-04-01). It is her first collection of original material since 2008's Watershed.
 Live Phish Vol. 5 was recorded live at Alpine Valley in East Troy Wisconsin a suburb of Milwaukee Wisconsin on July 8 2000.At the time of its release the album received a mixed reaction from fans as it seemed to be a rather standard Phish concert compared to other shows from the band's 2000 summer tour.
 The Shroud Of is the debut studio album by American industrial act Minimal Man. It was released in 1981 through record label Subterranean.
 Feminina is an album by the Brazilian singer Joyce that was released on the Odeon label in 1980.The album includes the track Clareana which was written for her daughters Clara Moreno and Ana Martins. The singer entered TV Globo's Festival MPB 80 and reached the finals with the song which went on to achieve her first chart success in Brazil. Aldeia de Ogum was popularised as a dance track in the 1990s by Gilles Peterson.
 Recorded over the span of more than 18 months Strictly Instrumental was the ninth rock and roll album by Bill Haley & His Comets and their final album of new material for Decca Records (although Decca would release previously unissued recordings during the 1960s). Produced by Milt Gabler (the last full album he would produce for Haley) the album collects instrumental recordings made by Haley and the Comets between June 1958 and their final Decca recording sessions in September 1959.
 Un Metro Cuadrado is the sixth album by the Spanish Latin rock group Jarabe de Palo released in 2004.
 Greatest Hits is compilation album released by the funk/R&B group Cameo. It was the fourth album to be released by the band (and the third collection of previously released material) in 1998. This 12-track collection can be considered a combination of the 1993 album The Best of Cameo and its sequel in 1996. Only one track You Make Me Work was not on either volume. Some of the tracks are edited versions.
 Through Hell to Heaven is the debut album of American hard rock band The Crying Spell.
 I Thought U Knew is the third album by rapper Candyman. The album was released on June 29 1993 for IRS Records and was produced by Candyman himself. The album was a huge commercial and critical failure not making it on any album charts or producing any hit singles.
 The Psychedelic World Of The 13th Floor Elevators is a 3 disc box set. The set collects the band's studio output with live cuts alternate versions and the two original singles as The Spades.
 VH1 Presents: The Corrs Live In Dublin is an album which is a live performance performed by the Irish celtic folk-rock band The Corrs in Dublin Ireland who are accompanied by the Irish Film Orchestra. The Corrs have performed previous released songs with a slight remix into it. Also this album highlights include two duets with Bono of U2 — performing Ryan Adams' When the Stars Go Blue and the Lee Hazlewood/Nancy Sinatra song Summer Wine.
 For the title song see We're an American Band (song). For the unrelated Yo La Tengo song see I Can Hear the Heart Beating as One.We're An American Band is the seventh studio album by American hard rock band Grand Funk Railroad credited as Grand Funk. The album was released by Capitol Records on July 15 1973 (see 1973 in music) and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America a little over a month after its release. Two singles were released from the album.
 Works '95–'05 is a 2007 compilation album by Yoshinori Sunahara.
 Sugarmorphoses is an album credited to Psychic TV & Genesis P-Orridge although P-Orridge is the primary member of PTV. The album was released as Disc E of the 6 disc Splinter Test box set.
 The E Minor EP in F is an EP released by singer/songwriter Jason Mraz.
 Stompin' at the Savoy – Live is an album by American R&B/funk band Rufus (billed as 'Rufus and Chaka Khan') released on the Warner Bros.
 Dragon Ball: Original USA TV Soundtrack Recording is the official domestic US soundtrack from the anime Dragon Ball released in 1995. The score was written and composed by then series composer Peter Berring. It also includes the theme song known by fans as Get That Dragon Ball! which was written by Brian Griffith. As of 2007 this is the only domestic US soundtrack of the show to be produced for the consumer.
 This Was Supposed to Be the Future is the third studio album by The Nextmen. It was released in June 2007 on Antidote Records. It was a change in their sound; a prevalence of songs over rap tracks. Ten different vocalists appear on the album. Zarif appears the most with three tracks and LSK and Dynamite MC both appear twice. The first single was Let It Roll featuring Alice Russell. The second single was Something Got You featuring singer-songwriter Zarif.
 After The Storm is the thirteenth album by Crosby Stills & Nash released on Atlantic Records in 1994. It would be their last release on Atlantic excepting reissues for almost two decades. It peaked at #98 on the Billboard 200 the lowest charting position of their eight studio albums. It is currently out of print.
 Heartbreaks and Earthquakes is the first official mixtape by English recording artist Charli XCX.
 Aventuras En El Tiempo is a soundtrack for the Mexican television series Aventuras En El Tiempo (Adventures In Time) it was released in Mexico by Fonovisa.
 The Best of Chet Atkins Vol. 2 is a compilation recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins.This title has been discontinued. All the songs are available on other compilation packages and Chet Atkins retrospectives.
 My Favourites is the third compilation album by German singer Sandra released in 1999.1999 saw the release of a double disc album. As the trend began with artists like Modern Talking to remix old material My Favourites was released featuring remixes of her hits by long-time band companion Peter Ries featuring also some of Sandra's personal favourite ballads. It quickly made its way into the Top 20 of the German album charts.
 Bolan Boogie is a compilation album released by T. Rex in 1972.After Marc Bolan had left Fly Records to form his own label distributed through EMI/T. Rex Wax Co his former label Fly released this best of... compilation with recent A and B sides many of which had not appeared on previous albums. Also included are songs from the early Tyrannosaurus Rex albums.
 Siempre En Mi Mente (English: Always on my mind) is the title of a studio album released by Mexican singer-songwriter Juan Gabriel with mariachi in 1978 and re-released on July 30 1996.
 ANOTHER GAME is P-MODEL's fifth album.
 Anthology is the second live album by Thrice recorded during the band's farewell tour in May and June 2012. The album was released on October 30 2012 on two CDs and as a quadruple 180 gram LP box set limited to 3000 copies. The album consists of 24 of the 25 most-played songs on the tour and features tracks from 2001's Identity Crisis through 2011's Major/Minor.
 Red is the second album by Norwegian Dance-punk duo Datarock released on 8. June 2009.
 Enter the Realm is an independently released EP cassette by Iced Earth. It was released in 1989 and re-released in 2001 as part of the Dark Genesis box set. The band re-recorded this EP in almost its entirety (only Enter the Realm and Nightmares were not re-recorded) leading to their debut release Iced Earth which was released a year later. Enter the Realm was the only Iced Earth release featuring drummer Greg Seymour.
 Two is the second album by American soul/disco group GQ released in 1980 on the Arista label. It peaked at #9 on the R&B chart and #46 on the pop listing. Unlike its predecessor Disco Nights no single from this album crossed over to the Billboard Hot 100 but Sitting in the Park and Standing Ovation reached #9 and #12 respectively on the R&B chart. The former was like I Do Love You from Disco Nights a cover of a 1965 Billy Stewart recording.
 Louder Than Live is a home video by the American rock band Soundgarden featuring songs performed live at the Whisky a Go Go in Los Angeles California on December 7 1989 and December 10 1989. It was released on May 22 1990.
 Howdy! is the seventh album by British alternative rock band Teenage Fanclub released in 2000 and the band's only album with a major sublabel.
 T.H.U.G.S. is the debut solo album by rapper Flesh-N-Bone from the rap group Bone Thugs-N-Harmony. The album was released on November 19 1996 on Mo Thugs Records and Def Jam Recordings. The title stands for Trues Humbly United Gatherin' Souls. The album has three singles: World So Cruel (featuring Rev Run) Nothin' But Da Bone In Me and Playa Hater (featuring Krayzie Bone & Layzie Bone). The mood of the album ranges from tales of murder kidnapping demonic spirits and religion.
 Lost Together is the fifth album by American pop rock duo The Rembrandts released on the J-Bird Records label on October 2 2001.
 Do Me Again is the fourth studio album by Freddie Jackson released in 1990 on Capitol Records. The album includes the singles Love Me Down Do Me Again and All Over You. The record hit No. 1 on the U.S. R&B chart and several months after release was still in the top 5.
 Lock-Sport-Krock is Nikola Sarcevic's debut solo album. This folk rock album is a marked departure from Sarcevic's work with his punk rock band Millencolin. The album produced one single Lovetrap.
 For the Love of Harry: Everybody Sings Nilsson released on 9 May 1995 by Musicmasters is a tribute album to Harry Nilsson recorded and released after his death. Proceeds went to the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence.
 Next Year in Zion is a 2008 studio album by Herman Düne. Lead singer and songwriter David-Ivar Herman Düne states It's the first album that I write while I am happy. I used to think I needed to be a little sad or at least melancholic to write this one proved me wrong. [1]
 1991 7EP from Fear of God. Recorded live in Switzerland February 1988. 7 originally released on Atrocious Records USA.Released by Anomie Records
 You Can Play These Songs with Chords is an early demo from the rock band Death Cab for Cutie which at the time consisted entirely of founder Ben Gibbard.
 The E.N.D (an abbreviation of The Energy Never Dies) is the fifth studio album by American hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas. It was released on June 3 2009. Critics described the album as containing more anthemic and inspirational songs in the group's bid to appeal to a new generation of music listeners.Three promotional singles Imma Be Alive and Meet Me Halfway were released through the iTunes Store in the three weeks running up to the album's release.
 The Fifth is the fifth studio album by British rapper Dizzee Rascal released on 30 September 2013 under Dirtee Stank and Universal Music Group. The Fifth is Dizzee Rascal's first release since he signed with Universal. It succeeds his fourth studio album Tongue n' Cheek (2009) and features production from RedOne Jonas Jeberg M.J. Cole Baptiste Goldstein Andrew Pop Wansel and Teddy Sky among others.
 iTunes Originals – Goldfrapp is a live album by English electronic duo Goldfrapp. It was released exclusively through iTunes by Mute Records on 30 September 2008. The album was recorded in 2008 at Electric Lady Studios in New York City. It features live recordings in addition to commentary and anecdotes from the duo.
 Softly as a Summer Breeze is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded in 1958 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1965. The album was rereleased on CD with four bonus tracks recorded at a later session.
 24/7 is a collaboration album by Gerald Albright & Norman Brown. The album was nominated for Best Pop Instrumental Album at the 55th Annual Grammy Awards.
 Diabolic Symphony is the fifth album by the Swedish power metal band Steel Attack.
 Unwrapped is the tenth studio solo album and twenty-fourth album overall by Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan released in 2003. It also was the first English language studio album since 1998's gloria!.
 DalawampunAPOsila is the third live album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society released in 1989 under Universal Records.
 View from the Ground is the tenth original studio album by American folk rock duo America released by Capitol Records in July 1982.This album marked a major comeback for a group that had been generally written off since Dan Peek's departure five years before.
 Get the Knack is the debut album by the Knack released in June 1979. At the time the album was one of the most successful debuts in history selling over one million copies in less than two months and spending five weeks at number one on the Billboard 200 album chart. The lead single from the album My Sharona was number one on the Billboard Hot 100 for six weeks and number one on Billboard's Top Pop Singles of 1979 year end chart.
 Dragon'98 Special Live is an album of a live concert featuring a few of the solo artist who contributed song for the anime Dragon Ball Z which was held at Shibuya back in 1998. It was released by Pony Canyon on December 18 1998 in Japan only. The album was re-released by Sony Music Entertainment on September 9 2008. All the artist are collected as Monolith on the album's credits.
 World Demise is a 1994 album by American death metal band Obituary. A music video was made for the track Don't Care.
 Rock 'n' Roll with the Modern Lovers is an album by Jonathan Richman and the Modern Lovers released by the Beserkley Records label in August 1977.
 Break Out is the tenth studio album by the American female vocal group The Pointer Sisters and their most successful album to date. The album was released on November 6 1983 on Planet Records.
 Bad Boy is a collaboration album released by former Bad Boy Records artists Loon and G. Dep.
 Give Yourself Away is the second major studio album from contemporary Christian group Robbie Seay Band. It was released on August 28 2007 through Sparrow Records.
 Koi ni Ochiru Toki (恋に落ちるとき When You Fall in Love) is the Japanese debut studio album of the South Korean boy band Infinite. It was released in June 5 2013 in two different editions. The album is the first audio-related release of the group under Universal Music Japan's sublabel Universal D.
 View is the debut album by bassist Bryan Beller known for his work with Mike Keneally Steve Vai and Dethklok. The album was released in 2003 under Onion Boy Records. The album featured guest composers such as John Patitucci and Wes Wehmiller.
 Keep Moving is the debut solo studio album by Australian hard rock musician Andrew Stockdale. Initially conceived as the third album by Stockdale's band Wolfmother it was later announced to be a solo album after the disbandment of the group in March 2013. Recorded by Wolfmother between 2011 and 2013 Keep Moving was released by Universal in June 2013.
 Lullaby is the seventh studio album by American recording artist Jewel released on May 5 2009 by Somerset Entertainment through Fisher-Price Records. It is her first-ever independent release. The album has sold 37000 copies in the United States as of June 2010.
 Tin Planet is the second album from Liverpool-based Britpop group Space. It was released on 9 March 1998 and peaked at #3 in the UK charts two places higher than their debut album Spiders.The songs Avenging Angels The Ballad of Tom Jones (a duet with Catatonia's Cerys Matthews) Begin Again and Bad Days were released as singles all hitting top 40.
 Own Affairs was in 1984 the first full-length album by the Kalahari Surfers the recording identity of South African musician Warrick Sony.Sony had worked as a freelance sound engineer in the South African film industry and used this to acquire many of the sound samples he later used in his music. Shifty Records tried to release Own Affairs but could not find a vinyl plant which would press it.
 Robin Hood is a CD containing the incidental music soundtrack to the BBC television series Robin Hood. Composed by Andy Price the music is performed by the Danubia Symphony Orchestra and was performed at the Budapest Opera House production of the series having been based near Budapest. The CD was released mid-way through the programme's first series in November 2006.
 A Sun That Never Sets is the seventh studio album from the Californian band Neurosis. With this album Neurosis further distances themselves from their punk influenced roots and delve further into experimentalism but also still having sludge metal influences. The album sees Neurosis incorporate folk into their sound creating yet another unique sounding album. The album was awarded #18 on Decibel Magazine's top 100 metal albums of the decade.
 Record sometimes referred as Record: The Best of Zero 7 is a compilation album by British musical duo Zero 7 released on 28 June 2010. The compilation contains material from the duo's first four studio albums. The deluxe version includes a second disc featuring remixes by such producers as J Dilla Justus Köhncke and Joker.
 The Power and the Myth is the fourth studio album and the first since the reunion by House of Lords released on August 3 2004.The album marks the return of original members Chuck Wright Lanny Cordola and Ken Mary but is the first not to feature keyboardist main songwriter and founding member Gregg Giuffria.Then Mr. Big drummer Pat Torpey co-wrote many of the songs on the album.
 Live Line a double live album Liveline was released in December 1987.
 Muffins is a 1997 cassette tape by Hoobastank (then known as Hoobustank) that is a very ska and funk themed release rather than their recognized post-grunge sound.
 The Worldhood of the World (As Such) is the seventh full-length album released by Canadian punk rock band Nomeansno. It is the first record of the group's to feature guitarist Tom Holliston. The title is a reference to the existential philosophy of Martin Heidegger (see Heidegger's 1927 book Being and Time chapter 3).
 Milk & Kisses is the eighth album by Cocteau Twins issued in 1996. It proved their last; a meeting two years later to record a new album ended with the breakup of the band.The song Rilkean Heart is a homage to Jeff Buckley who was a lifelong lover of the work of poet Rainer Maria Rilke.The Asian edition of Milk and Kisses contains two bonus tracks (Flock Of Soul and Primitive Heart) and a version of Serpentskirt sung by Elizabeth Fraser with C-pop artist Faye Wong as a duet.
 Sonic Boom is the 19th studio album and the first in 11 years from the rock band Kiss released on October 6 2009. The album was recorded at Conway Recording Studios in Hollywood CA and produced by Paul Stanley and co-produced by Greg Collins. The album was the first studio album to be released under the new line-up consisting of Paul Stanley Gene Simmons newest lead guitarist Tommy Thayer and Eric Singer back on drums.
 Sevens and Twelves is a compilation of early singles by Fridge released October 19 1998. It compiles all the singles released on Output Recordings plus a couple of extra tracks.
 Stitt Plays Bird is an album by American saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1963 and issued on Atlantic Records in 1966. As the title suggests it was recorded as a homage to legendary saxophonist Charlie Parker.
 Live Animals is the sixth live album by English punk rock band the Anti-Nowhere League. It contains tracks recorded at various times at various shows but all have either appeared on Live In Yugoslavia or Live and Loud.
 I Got Dem Ol' Kozmic Blues Again Mama! is a 1969 studio album by Janis Joplin. It was the first solo studio album Joplin recorded after leaving Big Brother and the Holding Company.
 Draugen: Rarities is a 2005 re-release of a bootleg of rarities by the Norwegian black metal act Burzum.[citation needed] It was released without the band's permission. It also includes remastered versions of the officially released tracks Lost Wisdom and My Journey to the Stars.This album is a digitally remastered edition of the set that was originally released as a bootleg.
 Beauty and the Beat is the debut album from Californian all-female band The Go-Go's. Released in 1981 on the IRS Records label the album was preceded by the single and signature song We Got the Beat which became a massive club hit in Europe and later the United States. When the album was eventually released it steadily climbed the Billboard 200 chart ultimately peaking at number one where it remained for six consecutive weeks.
 Live at Wave-Gotik-Treffen 2004 is a Klinik album with their classic line up with Dirk Ivens on vocals and Marc Verhaeghen on electronics.
 Bombs Away Dream Babies is an album released by John Stewart on the RSO label in 1979. It peaked at #10 on the Billboard album chart.
 XYZ is a 1987 album by Andy Summers. It is the only Andy Summers solo album to feature his vocals though an uncredited vocal by Summers appears on World Gone Strange. The title XYZ comes from the middle names of Summers's three children. His daughter Layla (born 1978) has the middle name 'Z' and his twin sons Maurice and Anton (born 1987) have the middle names 'X' and 'Y' respectively.
 Sunsets on Empire is a studio album by Fish the fourth with original material since he left Marillion in 1988. It was mostly written together with Steven Wilson of Porcupine Tree who co-composed six of ten tracks on the original version (plus one bonus track on the Japanese and remastered edition) and also produced the album. Tim Bowness Wilson's partner in No-Man has additional writing credits on one track.
 A Mary Christmas is the eleventh studio album and first Christmas album by American R&B recording artist Mary J. Blige. Produced by David Foster it was released on October 15 2013 via Matriarch Interscope and Foster's Verve Records compromising soulful interpretations of classic holiday tunes such as Little Drummer Boy Do You Hear What I Hear? and Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas.Upon its release the album received generally positive reviews amongst critics.
 Long Walk Home: Music from the Rabbit-Proof Fence is the fourth soundtrack and twelfth album overall released by the British musician Peter Gabriel in June 2002.
 Sentimental Education is an album by the New Zealand group Sneaky Feelings. First released as an LP in 1986 it was re-released with extra tracks as a CD the following year. Several of these extra tracks had previously been released as singles including the band's biggest single 'Husband House.
 On How Life Is is the debut studio album of American recording artist Macy Gray released in the United States on July 27 1999 by Epic Records. Produced by Andrew Slater it became Gray's best-selling album to date selling 3.2 million copies in the United States and 7 million copies worldwide.A few months ago Gray remarked in 2001 I just pulled it out for the hell of it. I kind of got what all the fuss was about.
 The Message is a Venezuelan music album made by Gerry Weil in 1971. It has the Mercury-Polydor seal album of Venezuelan jazz.
 Countrified is the first full length album of the German heavy metal band Farmer Boys. All of the album's songs make reference to farm life or farm animals. It also has a cover track of Depeche Mode's Never Let Me Down Again. The album is the band's heaviest album ever recorded and it strongly features elements from thrash metal groove metal and goth metal. Music videos for Farm Sweet Farm and Never Let Me Down Again were directed by Nick Lyon. Countrified sold over 10.000 copies.
 So Serious is the second album by indie rock band The Like Young. It was released on Parasol Records in 2004.
 Dogman is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal/hard rock trio King's X. It marks the band's second album under Atlantic and their first to be produced by Brendan O'Brien who had just come off scoring big hits with Pearl Jam Stone Temple Pilots and The Black Crowes. Dogman signaled a heavier direction for King's X and with strong approval from both critics and fans is often considered one of their best works.
 The Slackers and Friends is an album by the ska/reggae band The Slackers. It saw limited release in November 2002 and was later re-released with two additional tracks on January 27 2004.The album consists of collaborations with various figures from the ska and reggae scenes including Cornell Campbell Glen Adams of The Upsetters Ari Up of the Slits Doreen Schaefer of the Skatalites and acoustic ska artist Chris Murray.
 No Place Like Home is the fifth studio album by Scottish band Big Country released in 1991. (see 1991 in music). Its title derives from a quote in The Wonderful Wizard of Oz which is referenced by the first track We're Not in Kansas. Dorothy's statement was in turn taken from the famous poem and song Home! Sweet Home! by John Howard Payne and Henry Bishop.
 Sex is the debut album by Australian improvised music trio The Necks originally released on the Spiral Scratch label and later rereleased on Fish of Milk and Private Music in the US. The album features a single track of just under an hour in length performed by Chris Abrahams Lloyd Swanton and Tony Buck improvising over a two-bar motif.
 Live at Wembley Stadium is a live video by the Foo Fighters released on August 22 2008 in Ireland and August 25 2008 in the UK on DVD. It was also released in Australia on August 30 New Zealand on September 1 and Germany Austria and Switzerland on September 5. It was released in the United States on November 18 2008. It was filmed during the band's two sold out shows at Wembley Stadium on Friday June 6 and Saturday June 7 2008.
 Wake is an album by Canadian singer/songwriter Tara MacLean released April 22 2008 (see 2008 in music).
 By Your Side is the debut album by French DJ/Producer Breakbot (Thibaut Berland) including the singles Baby I'm Yours One Out Of Two and Fantasy. It was released on Ed Banger Records on September 14 2012 (2012-09-14) and featured collaborations with Irfane Ruckazoid and Pacific!.The album has charted at number 19 in France and at number 160 in Belgium (Wallonia).
 Memories of Middle Earth was created by the Brobdingnagian Bards as a tribute to J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. It is composed of mainly instrumental and entirely original Celtic/folk style music. The album was released two years after the band saw much success with its song Tolkien (The Hobbit & Lord of the Rings) from the album Songs of the Muse. It later earned the Bards a live performance at a The Lord of the Rings Oscar Party in 2004.
 Absinthe: La Folie Verte is a collaboration of Blood Axis and LJDLP celebrating the virtues of Absinthe. The complete tracks from ATNR 016. Tracks 1-10 recorded live in Sintra Portugal 22 Oct. 2001. Released by Athanor.
 Public Strain is the second album by Calgary band Women. This record was produced by Chad VanGaalen. It was released in 2010 on VanGaalen's Flemish Eye record label in Canada and on Jagjaguwar in the US.Two songs on the album are direct references to artist Ray Johnson. Locust Valley is the town where Johnson lived in New York State. Venice Lockjaw is a phrase Johnson incorporated in pins that he gave away at the Venice Biennale.
 An All Star Lineup Performing the Songs of Pink Floyd is a compilation album released in 2002. It contains members and artists from many bands including Mr. Big KISS Dweezil Zappa Toto and many others.
 Go Simpsonic with The Simpsons is the 1999 soundtrack album from The Simpsons. It takes many of the musical numbers from the series which were either not included in the previous album Songs in the Key of Springfield or were created since the previous album's release. The album has 53 tracks most of which were written by Alf Clausen. It was well received by critics being named the Best Compilation Album of 1999 by Soundtrack.net and charted at number 197 on the Billboard 200.
 Original Underground Music from the Mysterious South is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake and the Rising Fawn String Ensemble released in 1982.
 'The Whitlams & the Sydney Symphony Live in Concert' is a 2008 release by The Whitlams.The album was recorded with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra at the Sydney Opera House 20–22 September 2007.700000 copies were made available in the Sunday Telegraph on 1 June 2008 at the time the first non-compilation album to be given away free with a newspaper in Australia.
 Back Like We Left Something is the second full-length studio album by UTP. It is their fourth release overall including the 2002 compilation The Compilation and 2004 EP Nolia Clap released on July 24 2007 through Rap-a-Lot Records.
 Sunnyvista released in October 1979 is the fifth album by Richard and Linda Thompson.After the artistic mismatch of the previous year's comeback album (First Light) the Thompsons made greater use on this album of backing musicians with whom they had previously worked.
 The Definitive Collection is a Whitesnake compilation album. Released in 2006 this album features most of the band's biggest hits on one CD. A 2-CD Gold compilation was also released not long after.
 The Water is the first solo album by Scottish indie pop singer Colin MacIntyre who previously made three albums as Mull Historical Society. It was released on 4 February 2008 and produced by Nick Franglen from Lemon Jelly. MacIntyre had produced the first three albums himself. The last track Pay Attention to the Human features a poem written and performed by Tony Benn. MacIntyre wrote the album in New York his wife's home city.
 Worlds Apart is the third studio album by the English anarcho-punk band Subhumans. It was released shortly after the band's initial demise in 1985.
 This article describes the 49th album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 49 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 49 or Now 49 was released in 2001 on audio cassette and Compact Disc.
 Waiting for Columbus is the first live album by the band Little Feat. The album was recorded during seven performances in 1977. The first four shows were held at the Rainbow Theatre in London on August 1–4 1977. The final three shows were recorded in George Washington University's Lisner Auditorium on August 8–10 that same summer in Washington D.C..
 Circa 2007 (stylized as CIRCA: 2007) is the debut album by Circa a progressive rock band consisting of former Yes members Billy Sherwood (bass vocals) Tony Kaye (keyboards) and Alan White (drums) as well as Jimmy Haun (guitar). Billy's elder brother Michael Sherwood also appears. Two tracks are based on material Billy Sherwood and Trevor Rabin were developing in the mid-1990s.The album was released independently on 30 July 2007.
 Death is Silent is the debut album by American producer/rapper Kno member of CunninLynguists. It was released on October 12 2010. The whole album was produced by Kno and features guest appearances by Thee Tom Hardy Tunji Nemo Substantial Sheisty Khrist CunninLynguists members Natti and Deacon the Villain and QN5 Music founder Tonedeff.
 Searching for the Hows and Whys is the second album by Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly. It was released on 10 March 2008. The record was co-produced by Sam Duckworth and Nitin Sawhney. Waiting for the Monster to Drown was released as a free download via Get Cape's official website and Myspace on 7 December 2007.The album was released early by iTunes and was subsequently leaked onto the internet.[citation needed]
 New Brigade is the debut album from Danish punk band Iceage. Pitchfork placed the album at number 37 on its list of the top 50 albums of 2011 while Uncut placed it at number 46.
 1992–2012 The Anthology is a three-disc compilation album by Underworld released 4 December 2011 on underworldlive.com for digital download. The physical CDs were released on 23 January 2012 along with A Collection a single-disc compilation with radio edits. The first two discs contain a revamped version of 1992-2002 while the third disc of the collection contains an unreleased track from the band's early period along with b-sides and other rarities.
 Free Me is the second studio album by English recording artist Emma Bunton. It was released on 9 February 2004 by Polydor Records.
 Lace is the studio album by Canadian country music group Lace. The album was released on October 5 1999 on 143 Records.
 First Sessions is an EP by singer Norah Jones released in 2001. The EP was a limited release of approximately 10000 copies which were available on Jones' website and at live shows.
 Choice of a New Generation is the second album by the punk rock band Fifteen. It follows a similar style to the first album by the band.
 Just Enough Education to Perform is the third studio album by Welsh rock band Stereophonics. Released on 11 April 2001 the album topped the UK Albums Chart with 140000 copies sold. and spawned three top-ten singles in the form of Mr. Writer Have a Nice Day and Handbags and Gladrags. When the album was originally released it had 11 tracks it was then re-released in 2002 to include Handbags and Gladrags after it was released as a single.
 Un Pedacito De Mi (Eng. A little piece of me) is the fourth album from Mexican pop music singer and actress Lucerito. It was released on 1986. In this album it can be found the collaboration of the popular Mexican singer Luis Miguel with the song Todo el Amor del Mundo which was part of the soundtrack of the motion picture Fiebre de Amor.
 Another 700 Miles is a live EP by 3 Doors Down released on November 11 2003. It was recorded live at a performance in Chicago Illinois during the band's Away from the Sun tour.The EP's name is derived from the lyrics of their song I Feel You which appears on their album Away from the Sun.
 1888 is the debut EP by English metal band The Defiled. It was released on 26 October 2009 through the IATDE Records. The band's first music video for the song The Resurrectionists was released a couple of months after the EP was released. This same song was re-recorded for their debut album Grave Times which was released on 14 February 2011. The band toured with the Jägermeister Stage and headlined this stage during the 2009 Sonisphere Festival.
 Crazy and Mixed Up is a 1982 (see 1982 in music) album by the American jazz singer Sarah Vaughan.
 How He Loved The Moon (Moonsongs For Jhonn Balance) is a 2005 tribute album to John Balance by the English group Current 93.
 It's A Game is an album by Les McKeown released in 1989 with four corresponding singles released. After the album Dieter Bohlen released a cover of Blue System's song Nobody Makes Me Crazy (Like You Do) as a single which did not appear on the album.
 Everything Changes is the sixth studio album by English singer-songwriter Julian Lennon. It was released on 2 October 2011.
 Manfred Mann Chapter Three Volume Two is an album released in 1970 by Manfred Mann Chapter Three.
 Secret People is the fifth studio album by folk rock band Capercaillie. It reached number 40 in the UK album charts. It was re-released in North America by Valley Entertainment in 2003.
 Slave to the Thrill is the third studio album released by the American Heavy metal band Hurricane.The original album cover art was photographed by John Scarpati. It featured a nude female model lying on a machine. This cover was replaced shortly after the initial pressing by an alternative cover that had the female model removed from the picture so that all that was seen is the machine.Jay Schellen and Doug Aldrich play together on this record.
 Black Magic is an album by Swollen Members a Canadian hip hop group. It is their fourth full length release not including Monsters In The Closet their B-sides compilation. This album features guest vocals including former group member Moka Only on two tracks. The album peaked at number 21 on the Billboard Independent Albums chart.
 Plaster Hounds is the second studio album by Chromatics released in 2004 on the Gold Standard Laboratories record label.
 3 Natsu Natsu Mini Berryz (③夏夏ミニベリーズ San Natsu Natsu Mini Berīzu 3: Summer Summer Mini Berryz) is the third studio album(a mini-album) by the Japanese girl group Berryz Koubou. It was released in Japan on July 5 2006. It's the group's third studio album(Although this is a mini album) fourth non-single release and fifteenth audio release overall.3 Natsu Natsu Mini Berryz is a concept album with a summer theme.
 Seedy is a compilation album by the American ska punk band Operation Ivy. The album was released in 1996 through Karma Kredit Records. Karma Kredit was a pseudonym for David Hayes' Very Small Records. The compilation collects studio outtakes live tracks and demo recordings. All releases are currently out of print and occasionally surface on ebay..
 Give Up the Ghost is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Brandi Carlile released on October 6 2009 through Columbia Records. The album was produced by Grammy Award winner Rick Rubin and contains a collaboration with Elton John titled Caroline.
 Axieme is a solo album by soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy. It was released in 1975 on the Red label. Although not labelled on the LP or CD releases it contains solo versions of Steve Lacy's compositions Deadline The New Duck Tao (Suite) Coastline and The Crust.
 Queen of the Ocean released in 1999 is the seventh album by the American symphonic rock vocalist Lana Lane. Though Queen of the Ocean is Lana Lane's seventh album overall (by Japanese release) it is her fourth album release in the US.
 This is the Sharp is the debut album by Australian pop-rock band The Sharp. It was recorded at Platinum Studios in Melbourne Australia except for track 10 which was recorded in the flat of one of the band members above the flower shop in Collingwood.
 Dreamland is the debut album by Robert Miles. It was released on June 7 1996 in Europe where it was a hit and was also released in the U.S. about a month later with a new track sung by Maria Nayler One and One. This new track became very popular and was later released as a single in the U.S. and Germany. At the end of 1996 Miles released a new version of Dreamland called Dreamland — The Winter Edition in Germany.
 Two (also referred to as epTwo) is the second EP release by British alternative rock band Hundred Reasons. Released on August 6 2001 the EP was their first on Columbia Records after signing to the label.It features live favourite Remmus and two other songs - Soapbox rally and the original version of Shine. Shine would later appear on their debut album Ideas Above Our Station. The CD also features the video for Remmus.
 The Very Best of Travis Tritt is the title of a compilation album released in 2007 by American country music singer Travis Tritt. It features nineteen hits from his first several studio albums as well as his rendition of the Eagles hit Take It Easy which he recorded in 1993 for Common Thread: The Songs of the Eagles. The album itself reached #21 on the Billboard Top Country Albums charts.
 On Your Every Word is a 1983 album released by Amy Holland in 1983. This would be her second studio album and would be her last one before she spent the rest of the 1980s recording songs for film soundtracks such as Scarface Teen Wolf Night of the Comet St. Elmo's Fire K-9 and much more. In one of the songs on the album Amy sings a duet with David Pack on the song I Still Run To You.
 Groovy is an album by jazz pianist Red Garland and his trio released in 1957 on Prestige Records.
 Enigmatic Ocean is an album by French Jazz-Fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty released in 1977. It reached #1 on the Billboard Jazz album chart in 1977.
 Addicted to Company is the third album by Irish singer Paddy Casey. It was released in Ireland on September 7 2007 and in the US on April 1 2008 by the Victor Records label.
 Urban Emotions is the eighth studio album by Hins Cheung released on July 11 2008. The album features new versions of the duet Hate that I Love You with international star Rihanna.
 Something Special is an album by the American folk music group The Kingston Trio released in 1962 (see 1962 in music). It reached number 7 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart. The lead-off single was a non-album track C'mon Betty Home b/w Old Joe Clark. One More Town b/w She Was Too Good to Me was released as a single later the same year. Neither single made the Top 40.
 It All Starts with One is the sixth studio album by Norwegian singer-songwriter Ane Brun released in the UK on 24 October 2011 and in the US on 1 November 2011. The album was released as a standard single CD with ten tracks or as a two-disc deluxe edition on both CD and vinyl with an additional eight tracks on the second CD and five tracks on the second vinyl disc.
 Thing-Fish is an album by Frank Zappa originally released as a triple album box set on Barking Pumpkin Records in 1984. It was billed as a cast recording for a proposed musical of the same name which was ultimately not produced by Zappa but later performed in 2003 ten years after his death.The album's storyline is inspired by Broadway theatre AIDS eugenics conspiracy theories feminism homosexuality and African American culture.
 つしまみれとロックとビアで (With Tsushimamire and rock and beer) is the third album of the Japanese indie rock band Tsu Shi Ma Mi Re. Released on May 21 2008.
 Having Fun with Elvis on Stage is a 1974 live album by Elvis Presley.The album is unique among Elvis' recordings as it does not contain any actual songs: it consists entirely of byplay recorded between numbers although Elvis is frequently heard humming or singing Well... which during the actual performances led into songs that have been edited out of this recording.
 Yank Crime is the second and final album by the San Diego California post-hardcore band Drive Like Jehu released in 1994 by Interscope Records. It was the band's major-label debut and its artwork was created by singer/guitarist Rick Froberg.
 The Silence in My Heart is the sixth installment in The Emo Diaries series of compilation albums released July 24 2001 by Deep Elm Records. As with all installments in the series the label had an open submissions policy for bands to submit material for the compilation and as a result the music does not all fit within the emo style.
 For the album by Daisy Chainsaw see Eleventeen (album).Eleventeen is the first recording by the American rock band Eve 6 released in 1996. It is their only EP and has more of a rock-oriented punk sound than their future releases. This is the only release on which Nick Meyers performs before Tony Fagenson joined the band.
 Grandes Exitos A La Manera De Alejandro Fernandez is the third album recorded by Mexican singer Alejandro Fernández. Produced by Pedro Ramírez. In this album he interprets classic songs of great composers like Luis Demetrio and Armando Manzanero. He shot a video for the song A Pesar De Todo. Other songs known from this album is Si Dios Me Quita La Vida. Despite the title this is not a greatest hits compilation.
 Lion & Pelican is the tenth studio album recorded and produced by a Japanese singer-songwriter Yōsui Inoue released in December 1982.The album has been well known for a song Riverside Hotel which was originally released as a single before the album came out.
 Here We Come is an album by jazz group The Three Sounds featuring performances recorded in 1960 and released on the Blue Note label.
 After the Rain is the sixth studio album by Muddy Waters a follow-up to the previous years' Electric Mud and sharing many of the musicians from that album. Unlike Electric Mud After the Rain contained mostly his own compositions and the songs while still distorted are less overtly psychedelic.
 The Crucial Line is the debut album of Long Island rock band BulletProof Messenger and was self released in October 2006. The album was recorded and engineered by Matt Litwin Voley Martin and Bob Stander and mastered by Tony Dawsey at Masterdisk in New York NY.
 Iron Savior is the debut album by the German power metal band Iron Savior.
 The Headless Children is the fourth studio by heavy metal band W.A.S.P. released in April 1989 through Capitol Records. The album reached No. 48 on the Billboard 200 chart and remained on that chart for 13 weeks; it also reached the top 30 in four other countries.
 9th Ward Pickin Parlor is a 2006 studio album by Shawn Mullins recorded in Atlanta and in New Orleans Ninth Ward before Hurricane Katrina. Singles include Beautiful Wreck and Find Love.
 L'Avventura is the debut album by Dean & Britta released in 2003 and originally credited to Britta Phillips & Dean Wareham. It was produced by Tony Visconti (Bowie T. Rex).
 Happy Endings is an album by American comedian comedy writer and radio personality Jackie Martling. The album was released in MP3 format by Martling's Jokeland Inc. on August 1 2008.
 Metallic Diseases is the first album by the Italian experimental rock band Starfuckers released in 1989.
 Aéromusical is the first studio album by the French power pop group Superbus released in 2002. It reached 96th place on the French album charts. It consists of 11 original songs and one cover (Into the Groove originally by Madonna).
 K-9 Bass is the third and final album released by rap group The Dogs. It was released on November 17 1992 through Joey Boy Records and featured production from The Dogs Carleton Mills and Calvin Mills. By the time this album was released Disco Rick and Cracked Up had left the group leaving just Keith Bell and Labrant Dennis as the only two members of The Dogs. K-9 Bass was not a success only peaking at #95 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 Sound & Fury is the first studio album released by the American punk rock band Youth Brigade. It was released in 1982 and was followed in 1983 by an album of the same name that included re-recorded versions of some tracks. All of the albums tracks except for Something's Gonna Change were released on CD as part of the album 1998 compilation album Out of Print.
 Comfort is the debut full-length studio album by English DJ Maya Jane Coles. It was released in July 2013 under I/Am/Me Records.
 Concrete is the second studio album by American country music singer Sunny Sweeney. It was released on August 23 2011 via Republic Nashville. The album includes the singles From a Table Away Staying's Worse Than Leaving and Drink Myself Single all of which have charted within the top 40 of Hot Country Songs.
 Live in Stockholm is an concert film by American singer-songwriter Rickie Lee Jones released in July 2011. It was filmed on 7 March 2010 at Berns Salonger in Stockholm and it's her first live DVD. In addition to Jones this video also featured Lionel Cole (percussion) and Joey Maramba (bass).
 Muse is the third studio album by Grace Jones released in September 4 1979 by Island Records.
 Neighbourhood Threat is the first album released by the heavy metal band Johnny Crash released in 1990. Recorded at Ocean Way Studios Los Angeles and mixed at Battery Studios London. The album features guest appearances by Kingdom Come members Danny Stag and Johnny B. Frank.The title is no doubt taken from the song recorded by first by Iggy Pop and later covered by David Bowie of the same name Neighborhood Threat.After this album August Worchell was replaced by J.J.
 White Hell is the sixth studio album by Chilean thrash metal band Criminal. It was released on February 27 2009. It's also the third album performed released in United Kingdom and the second with the current members.The album was produced and released with a bonus DVD that was released in Europe on the same date.
 The A Must to Avoid EP by Herman's Hermits was the band's fourth EP and was released in the United Kingdom by EMI/Columbia (catalogue number SEG 8477.)
 Red Buddha is a 1971 album composed and performed by Japanese percussionist Stomu Yamashta recorded in 1970 and re-released on CD (Spalax) in 2006.
 The Very Best of Redbone is one of several compilation albums by American band Redbone which includes their 1973 hit We Were All Wounded At Wounded Knee. The song was never available on any LP except compilations.
 Beet Maize & Corn is the seventh studio album by London-based musical project The High Llamas released on October 7 2003 on Drag City. The style of the album is a notable departure from earlier High Llamas efforts eschewing all electronic keyboards and effects in favor of a sound dominated by brass and strings.
 Special Edition is the debut album by Queensbridge hip hop trio Infamous Mobb. Label dealings kept the album shelved for a while but the album was finally released in 2002. The majority of the album is produced by The Alchemist. Much like their Queensbridge associates Mobb Deep Infamous Mobb rap about the thug life in the projects of Queensbridge touching on subjects like drugs money and guns.
 Eclipse is the second CD by Glorium and was self-released on Golden Hour Records in 1997.
 Hybrid Noisebloom is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow.
 Breasticles is the third album by Kristeen Young.
 Burl is an EP by Killdozer released in November 1986 through Touch and Go Records.
 Heads Up! is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell recorded in 1967 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Schoolly D is the self-titled debut album by rapper Schoolly D. The album was released in 1986 for Jive Records and was produced by Schoolly D and DJ Code Money. The album featured three singles Put Your Filas On P.S.K. What Does It Mean and Gucci Time.The latter was sampled in E-40's song Stilettos & Jeans featuring Bobby V taken fron his 2010 album Revenue Retrievin': Night Shift.
 III is the third and final album released by country music artist Chad Brock. It features the single Tell Me How. The only release from this album the song failed to make Top 40 on the country charts and Brock exited Warner Bros' roster by the end of 2001. Three of Brock's biggest hits — Yes! Ordinary Life and Lightning Does the Work the latter two from his 1999 debut and the former from 2000's Yes! — are also included as bonus tracks.
 Scream is the third studio album by Swedish synth rock band Melody Club. It was first released on November 8 2006.
 Just Another Life is the first live VHS released by Japanese rock duo B'z. It features live footage of the band's early hits.The concert is the first official Live Gym release although it would take several releases before the Live Gym name would be appear.
 Love Is Hell pt. 2 is an EP by the alternative country artist Ryan Adams released on December 9 2003. This album was consolidated with the Love Is Hell pt. 1 EP and released as Love Is Hell on May 4 2004.
 Rareform is the second studio album by American heavy metal band After the Burial. It was released on July 22 2008 through Sumerian Records.
 Professional Dreamer is an album by American pianist David Benoit released in 1999 and recorded for the GRP label. The album reached #8 on Billboard's Jazz chart.The song Dad's room (track #10) was a Grammy nominee for Best Instrumental Composition
 My Own Jo Ellen the fourth album by Mark Olson and The Original Harmony Ridge Creekdippers released in 2000.
 Bratmobile had a BBC live broadcast with John Peel on July 1993 and was issued the following year as The Peel Session CD EP.
 Black Hawk Down is the soundtrack accompanying the 2001 film of the same name. The original score was composed by Hans Zimmer. The music was written with several other musicians (Martin Tillmann Craig Eastman Heitor Pereira Mel Wesson...) in what they called The War Room in the Media Ventures studios.
 Billboard Hot Latin Hits is a series of compilation albums released by Rhino Records in 1998 featuring hit Latin music recordings from the 1980s and 1990s.
 Wilson Pickett in Philadelphia is the eleventh studio album by singer Wilson Pickett released in 1970. After cutting many of his earlier albums in the Deep South (Memphis and Muscle Shoals) Pickett headed to Philadelphia to work with Gamble and Huff. The result was Wilson Pickett in Philadelphia.
 Set Us Free is the fifth album by American organist Reuben Wilson recorded in 1971 and released on the Blue Note label.
 European Sun is a compilation of rare and unreleased tracks by former Josef K vocalist Paul Haig. The album was released in 1988 on Belgian independent label Les Disques Du Crepuscule.Interspersed between the rare a-sides and b-sides are tracks from Haig’s unreleased album shelved by Island Records in 1985.
 LaKisha Jones - EP is an EP by American Idol season 6 fourth place finisher LaKisha Jones. Jones performed a song for the show each week of the season and each song appeared on the show's website the day after the performance for sale as a studio version. The EP is a compilation of the five most downloaded of Jones's studio recordings all of which are covers of other artists.
 Mastermind is the eighth studio album by the American stoner rock band Monster Magnet. A video for the first single Gods and Punks was released on October 1 2010. The album was released on October 25 2010.The album debuted at No. 165 on the Billboard 200 selling around 3000 copies becoming the band's first album since 2001's 'God Says No' to chart on the Billboard 200. Mastermind was also the final album of lead guitarist and long-term member Ed Mundell.
 2Nite is the second album by the Russian pop duo Smash!!. The album was released in Eastern Europe in late 2004 with primarily English songs with east meets west style ballads and pop songs.
 Six Songs is an album by Melvins released in 1986 through C/Z Records. The album has been released as Six Songs (1986 vinyl) Eight Songs (1991 vinyl) 10 Songs (1991 CD) and 26 Songs (2003 CD). The songs are taken from two sessions in 1986.Tracks 1-10 are taken from the 1991 eight/ten song LP/CD version rerelease of this album. Tracks 11-16 are taken from the original six song vinyl release. Tracks 17-19 were taken from the 1986 Outtakes From First 7 inch vinyl single.
 Cat. No: NJT12170 / ZENCDS170Press ReleaseFour Bonobo classics - 'Noctuary' 'Dismantling Frank' 'The Plug' and 'Nothing Owed' taken out of the laptop/sampler and reconstructed with live bass drums sax keys cello guitars and electronics. 'Recurring' is a brand new studio track recorded on the fly in this session. The EP is rounded out by the very excellent and drummed-up Four Tet remix of 'Pick Up'.
 Form 1 Planet is the second studio album by Australian rock band Rockmelons.
 The soundtrack for series 5 of Doctor Who was released on November 8 2010 and is the second 2 disc edition to be released by Silva Screen Records since the series was revived in 2005. As with the Specials soundtrack iTunes UK offered two bonus tracks and a digital book download. Series 5 introduced several new themes most of which were introduced in The Eleventh Hour.
 Colours of Time is the sixth album of composer Peter Michael Hamel released in 1980 through Kuckuck Schallplatten.
 Cullen Bay is an album by the Scottish traditional folk band The Tannahill Weavers released in 1990. The band is joined on several tracks (Braw Burn the Bridges Jenny Dang the Weaver and A Night Visitor's Song) by cittern-player Stuart Morison. Cullen Bay itself is on the coast of the Moray Firth west of Spey Bay between the towns of Elgin and Banff. The album was recorded at Pierhouse Studios Edinburgh Scotland.
 Live at Fingerprints EP is a live album by Rilo Kiley recorded at Fingerprints Records in Long Beach California. It was released 2004 on their very own Brute/Beaute Records. It also features the never released before track Somebody Else's Clothes originally a song meant to be part of Jenny Lewis's solo project.
 Alice in Pictures II is a compilation DVD from Japanese rock band Alice Nine. It features music videos for nine of the band's hits and includes the first ever release of the Gekkou Yoku music video. It was released in July 2008 alongside Alice in Pictures I.
 4am Friday is the third studio album by Avail. It is named after the day and time the band received news of Bob Baynor's death (of the band Maximillian Colby). The song F.C.A. was also written about Bob. It was released in 1996 on Lookout! Records and reissued in 2006 by Jade Tree Records. The reissue also includes the Live at the Bottom of the Hill in San Francisco album.The track Simple Song is featured on the soundtrack for the video game Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4.
 Reject is a 7 inch Split EP by punk rock band Anti-Flag and ska punk band Against All Authority released in 1996.Though the original EP is hard to find in music stores due to its DIY release it can be found spread about the internet on music-sharing sites.
 Bo Burnham is the eponymous debut album by American comedian Bo Burnham. Released on March 10 2009 by Comedy Central Records the 2-disc album contains the Compact Disc musical album and a DVD with Burnham's Comedy Central Presents special all of his YouTube videos and other performances.In a 2009 interview with The A.V.
 Antigone is the third full-length album of the German metal band Heaven Shall Burn. The title was inspired by the female character of the play Antigone by Sophocles. The play is about a passionate young woman that does what she knows is right even though it is against the law. She makes sure that all of the town's people know what she did and she is punished by the king. The intro and the two outros were composed and recorded by Icelandic composer Ólafur Arnalds.
 Unpredictable is a 1977 album by Natalie Cole.The single I've Got Love on My Mind peaked at #5 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and topped the R&B Charts in 1977.
 Sonia Dada is the first full-length album from Sonia Dada released in 1992 on Chameleon Records.
 M@rix is an album by German industrial music artist P·A·L. It was released in Europe by Ant-Zen records as a CD. The title is pronounced matrix.
 Egregor is the tenth studio album by the Serbian rock band Smak released in 1999. It was released as CD. Egregore is as it is stated on album psychological and spiritual energy that we create together.
 Honky Tonk Man is the third album by pioneer Country rock musician Steve Young although this album has more of a straight country sound.
 Bill Dixon 7-tette/Archie Shepp and the New York Contemporary 5 is an album released on the Savoy label originally featuring one LP side by Bill Dixon's septet and one LP side by the New York Contemporary Five featuring saxophonist Archie Shepp. The album resulted from Dixon and Shepp's contractual obligations to provide Savoy Records with a second album after the Archie Shepp - Bill Dixon Quartet (1962) but following a professional separation.
 Asking for Flowers is the third studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Kathleen Edwards. The album was released March 4 2008 and was well received by critics similarly to her first two albums released under Zoë Records Failer and Back to Me.
 Les Chansones Populaires is the third studio album by the Serbian/Yugoslavian new wave band Električni orgazam. It was released in 1983 by Jugoton. The album contains nine covers of popular English language songs.
 Computer Games is a 1982 album by funk musician George Clinton released on Capitol Records. Though technically Clinton's first solo album the record featured most of the same personnel who had appeared on recent albums by Parliament and Funkadelic both formally disbanded by Clinton in 1981.
 The Nightmare Returns was a live concert video of Alice Cooper. The concert was filmed live in Detroit Michigan USA on Halloween 1986 at the start of his The Nightmare Returns World Tour in support of his album Constrictor. This video was originally released in 1987 on VHS and was finally released on DVD in 2006.
 Chat Chat was Takako Minekawa's first solo album.
 Live! Live! Live! (Curb Records 1986) is an album containing live recordings from 1985 Bachman–Turner Overdrive concerts in Tallahassee FL and Detroit MI.It was recorded with the lineup from the Bachman–Turner Overdrive 1984 reunion album - a short-lived line up of the band featuring founding members Randy Bachman Tim Bachman and C. F. Fred Turner who had not played together since Tim's departure after the second BTO album.
 Like a Hurricane is an album by C. C. Catch. It was a successful album all across the Europe and almost all of the tracks from the album are well known.
 Voliminal: Inside the Nine is the third video album by American metal band Slipknot. Released December 5 2006 through Roadrunner Records the 2-disc DVD set features an 84-minute movie created by band member Shawn Clown Crahan. The set also includes live performances music videos from songs on the band's third studio album Vol. 3: (The Subliminal Verses) and the first unmasked interviews with all of the band members. The movie featured footage recorded from the recording of Vol.
 Departure Songs is the fifth LP and first double album by American ambient/post-rock band Hammock. It was released on October 2 2012 by the band's own label Hammock Music.
 Ego Art is the second album from Dutch death metal band Altar. Ego Art is also an art studio/ school based in Wellington New Zealand.
 Valley of the Kings was an EP released in 1997 by the German power metal band Gamma Ray prior to the release of their album Somewhere Out in Space. This was the first release from Gamma Ray featuring Henjo Richter on guitar and Dan Zimmerman on drums.
 The Second Coming is the second studio album from singer Adina Howard. While being her third studio album it was actually the second album to be released in the United States and worldwide thus the album title's reference.It was originally titled Ride Again: 7/2 and set to be released in 2003 but after numerous delays (and another title Two Can Play That Game) it was finally released in April 2004.The first single (and the album's sole video) was Nasty Grind.
 Big Bottom Pow Wow is a promo album by the indie rock/punk rock group Firehose.The album includes several 'spiels' (conversations) about Bass Guitarists the Bass Guitar and its place in music. These spiels include Mike Watt of Firehose and Minutemen Cris Kirkwood of Meat Puppets Flea of Red Hot Chili Peppers and Les Claypool of Primus.Most of the musical tracks were previously released on Firehose albums and EPs.
 Back to Babylon is the first album by the band Tormé.
 Sanjala sam naše venčanje (English: I Had a Dream About Our Wedding) is the first studio album by Serbian singer Dragana Mirković. It was released in 1984.
 Progress is the sixth studio album by British band Take That. It is the band's first album to feature Robbie Williams since 1995. The album was released in the United Kingdom on 15 November 2010. The album received positive reviews with most critics commending the influence of electronic music and synthesizers. It debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart becoming the fastest-selling album of the century and the second fastest-selling album of all-time.
 Lucille & Friends is the thirty fourth studio album by B.B. King released in 1995. He is accompanied by major jazz rock and blues artists.
 Low-Life is the third studio album by English rock band New Order. Released in May 1985 by Factory Records Low-Life is considered to be among New Order's strongest work displaying the moment in which the band completed its transformation from post-punk hold-overs to dance rock.
 Apogee is the second full-length album by stoner metal band Bongzilla. The album was released in May 2000 by Ritual Records and re-released in 2004 by Relapse Records. It contains three songs recorded in the studio and four recorded at a live concert.
 Rocking the USA is the first White Lion live compilation album released in 2005 now better known as Tramp's White Lion or White Lion 2 with all new band members again but still features original lead singer Mike Tramp. Following the release of five solo albums in the last seven years ending with the album Songs I Left Behind in 2004 Tramp continued with the reformation of White Lion.
 Somedaydream is the self-titled debut studio album by Filipino musical project Somedaydream.
 Soulsister Ambassador is the fourth studio album by American R&B artist Lutricia McNeal released in 2004.
 El Radio is the forthcoming second indie pop studio album by Chris Garneau. It is planned for release in May 2009 on the Absolutely Kosher record label.
 Zücker is the fourth album by the Fastbacks released in 1992 on Sub Pop.The twelfth track Please Read Me is a cover of a Bee Gees song from their 1967 album Bee Gees 1st.
 Najbolje do sada (English translation: The Best Until Now) is the first greatest hits/compilation album by Montenegrin singer Boban Rajović. It was released in 2009.The cover of the album was photographed by Belgrade-based photographer Andreja Damnjanović.
 Golden Apples of the Sun is an album by American folk singer Judy Collins released in 1962.In 2001 the album was re-released on CD with Collins' first album A Maid of Constant Sorrow (1961).
 Another Return is the debut studio album by the Norwegian heavy metal band Artch released in 1988.
 Temple of Rock is a solo album by the German hard rock guitarist Michael Schenker.Curiously Schenker's tour for the record featured a setlist with very few tracks from the album the setlists being primarily composed of old UFO material as well as some older solo band material and Scorpions songs.
 Orblivion is the fourth studio album by The Orb released by Island Records. The Orb reunited with Andy Hughes and Steve Hillage returned to their spacy sounds typical of U.F.Orb. The album reached #19 on the UK Albums Chart and #174 on the Billboard 200.Though Orblivion was recorded in May 1996 it was not released until almost a year later due to Island Records' desire to promote it as a follow up to U2's techno-rock album Pop.
 Dead Enz Kidz Doin' Lifetime Bidz is the second and final album by rap group Young Black Teenagers. The album was released in 1993 for MCA Records and featured production by legendary producers Hank Shocklee Keith Shocklee Grandmaster Flash and Terminator X. The album also featured the group's hit single Tap the Bottle which made it to #6 on the Hot Rap Singles and Roll With the Flavor which made it to #22 on the Hot Rap Singles.
 Somewhere in the Sun... Best of the Dream Academy is a compilation album released by The Dream Academy in Japan in 2000. The compilation album contains the extended version of Life In A Northern Town and an acoustic version of The Party rather than the more common versions.
 The Only Ones is the eponymous 1978 first album produced by The Only Ones themselves with the assistance of Robert Ash. It was mixed at Basing St. Escape and CBS.Trouser Press called it the best of the three original albums in which Perrett's languid vocals and songs provide the character and focus while the band's skills carry it off handsomely. The album was not originally released in the US and only reached number 56 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Glider is an EP by My Bloody Valentine released in April 1990 by Creation Records. The EP was also the group's first release on the Sire Records label in the USA. The lead track Soon was later included on the Loveless album.
 Sandy was originally recorded in 1969 for Gary Usher's Together Records a venture that was brief enough that the label collapsed before the album (along with several others) could be released.There are three versions of this on CD each one featuring different bonus tracks. The original release by Poptones featured just one bonus track an instrumental version of Once I Knew a Little Dog. The Japanese version features three bonus tracks.
 This Time I Almost Made It is the fourth studio album released by American country singer Barbara Mandrell released in 1974.This would be Mandrell's last album with her record company Columbia before the label dropped her. She would later switch to ABC/Dot and enjoy the most successful part of her career under the record company. This album spawned two singles that charted on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The first single the title track peaked at #12.
 The Eighties Matchbox B-Line Disaster is the untitled original demo from British psychobilly band The Eighties Matchbox B-Line Disaster released in 2001 in order to promote the band.
 Messin' is a rock album released in 1973 by Manfred Mann's Earth Band.Messin' followed Glorified Magnified and preceded Solar Fire and like all Earth Band albums contains a mixture of originals and covers (see track listing below).Buddah also appeared on the Vertigo budget sampler double album Suck It And See along with tracks by then-labelmates Kraftwerk Jade Warrior and the Sensational Alex Harvey Band amongst others.The album was produced by Manfred Mann and engineered by John Edwardes at Maximum Sound Studios London in 1973.For the United States release the album was re-titled Get Your Rocks Off and the track Pretty Good was included in place of Black And Blue seemingly because the latter was about slavery and deemed unsuitable for the US market. 
 18 Tracks is an album by Bruce Springsteen released in 1999. All but three selections had been on the boxed set Tracks released a half year before.
 Souls at Zero is the third studio album from California based post-metal band Neurosis. The album was released in 1992 under the Alternative Tentacles record label. It was later reissued in 1999 with bonus tracks on the band's own Neurot Recordings label. On February 15 2010 the album was reissued on CD and digitally with new artwork under Neurot Recordings.
 Afterthoughts is an album album released in May 2013 by the progressive rock band Nosound released on Kscope.Afterthoughts is initially released as:2disc set: DVD-A/DVD-V: NTSC 16:9 (Region Free) with stereo and 5.1 surround high resolution 24bit / 96 kHz mixes plus DTS and Dolby Digital 5.1 surround versions.double vinyl edition: Pressed on heavyweight (180gm) vinyl and packaged in a gatefold sleeve.The first 500 orders of vinyl package will be signed and numbered and also comes with an Instrumental CD version of the release and a cloth bag↑ ↑ ↑ ↑
 Gift Rap was a Christmas compilation album released by Cross Movement Records on October 26 2004. It featured both CMR artists and others. Production by Kevin Arthur EarthQuake D. Hackley Lee Jerkins So Hot Productions Maji Official Rodney Rockers Tru-Life. The album was re-released in October 2006 with new cover artwork.
 Learn: The Songs of Phil Ochs is a cover album by the band Kind of Like Spitting. The songs included were all written by the U.S. protest singer Phil Ochs. The CD booklet features Ben Barnett's studious commentary on the songs. It was released on September 6 2005 on Hush Records.
 Ridin' Rainbows was the seventh album by Tanya Tucker. Hit singles released from the album and their Billboard Country Singles positions were in chronological order: Ridin' Rainbows at #12 It's a Cowboy Lovin' Night at #7 and Dancing the Night Away at #16. The album was also at #16 on the Country Albums chart.
 Sand in The Sea is a bonus disc included with the 2006 re-release of Trophy Scars' 2002 debut Darts to The Sea. It contains 15 previously unreleased tracks and demos recorded by the band between 2002 and 2004.Tracks 1 2 9 12 and 13 are demo versions of songs featured on previously released albums; Tracks 4 and 10 are variances on their original versions from Darts to The Sea; and Tracks 3 5 6 7 8 11 and 15 are previously unreleased songs.
 Kinisi Triti is an album by the Greek singer Mando. It was released in Greece in 1991 by Minos. It is her third album and was released just a year after her previous effort.
 Lunch. Drunk. Love is the twelfth studio album by pop punk band Bowling for Soup released on September 10 2013. The album was completely fan-funded as well as being released on the band's own record label like their previous album. The band has released music videos for the songs Real Right About Now Envy and Circle. Circle is also the first single off this record. The album charted at number 142 on the billboard 200.
 The Thieving Magpie (La Gazza Ladra) is a double live album by Marillion named after the introductory piece of classical music the band used before coming on stage during the Clutching at Straws tour 1987–1988 the overture to Rossini's opera La gazza ladra which translates as The Thieving Magpie.The album was released shortly after singer Fish's departure from the band (and before Steve Hogarth's arrival) and was intended to document the Fish years.
 Endless Flowers is the third studio album by American rock band Crocodiles. It was released in June 2012 under French Kiss Records.
 Piece of Mind is the debut album by American rapper Tela. It was released on November 5 1996 through Suave House Records with production by Tela Slice Tee Jazze Pha and T-Mix. The album peaked at 70 on the Billboard 200 and 17 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.Piece of Mind featured Tela's only charting single entitled Sho Nuff which featured 8Ball & MJG and became a minor hit peaking at 58 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Moshi Moshi Harajuku (もしもし原宿 lit. Hello Harajuku) is the debut extended play by Japanese pop singer Kyary Pamyu Pamyu. All of the tracks were produced by Nakata Yasutaka of Capsule. It was released on August 17 2011 in two editions: a limited edition with a photobook and a regular edition. The lead single PonPonPon was released digitally on July 20 2011. A second single Jelly was released on August 3 and is a cover of the Capsule song of the same name.
 Burning Star is the debut album of the metal band Helstar released by Combat in 1984.
 Then & Now: The Very Best of Nik Kershaw released in 2005 combines Nik Kershaw hits collaborations and a few new tracks.
 Burning London: The Clash Tribute is a tribute album to the English punk rock band The Clash. It was released in 1999. A portion of the proceeds from the sales of Burning London will benefit the High Risk Youth Program of the Children's Hospital Los Angeles.
 Loyalty and Betrayal is the fourth album by hardcore punk band Against released on the 20 August 2007 by Trial & Error Records.
 Van Morrison: The Concert is the second video released by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison first released in 1990. Recorded in New York the previous year the concert featured two special guests and long-time friends Mose Allison and John Lee Hooker each of whom performed some of their own songs. This video mainly consisted of Morrison's work from his last two albums; including four songs from both Avalon Sunset and Irish Heartbeat.
 The Association Live is the first live album by The Association. The 2 album set was recorded at a concert in Salt Lake City and released by Warner Bros. Records in 1970. This album peaked at #79 on the Billboard 200 album chart.
 Making Waves is a 1980 album released by the pop group The Nolans. In the UK the album went gold and featured four top 20 singles. Worldwide it became their biggest-selling album being certified double platinum in Australia and reaching No.1 in Japan.
 Greatest Hits: From the Beginning is the title of the first greatest hits compilation issued by American country music singer Travis Tritt. Released in 1995 on Warner Bros. Records the album features thirteen tracks from Tritt's first four studio albums (1990's Country Club 1991's It's All About to Change 1992's T-R-O-U-B-L-E and 1994's Ten Feet Tall and Bulletproof).
 Stay Awhile is an album by the American folk music group The Kingston Trio released in 1965 (see 1965 in music). It was their second release on the Decca label. It continued their downward slide in the charts reaching only number 126 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart. The single Yes I Can Feel It b/w Stay Awhile did not chart.
 More DK is an EP released by the Danish industrial band Psychopomps. These tracks were later re-released on the EP In The Skin.
 From the Hut to the Projects to the Mansion is the seventh studio album by musician Wyclef Jean. The album was released on November 10 2009. It is a concept album telling the story of the fictional character Toussaint St Jean who is based on the 18th century Haitian revolutionary Toussaint L'Ouverture. Two singles were released from the album: Warrior's Anthem released on October 13 and You Don't Wanna Go Outside release on November 3.
 Double Trios is a 1986 album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner released on the Denon label. It features performances by Tyner supported by Avery Sharpe and Louis Hayes or Marcus Miller and Jeff Tain Watts along with Steve Thornton. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states it is particularly interesting to hear the pianist's reworkings of Lil' Darlin' Satin Doll Lover Man and Thelonious Monk's Rhythm-A-Ning transforming them into modal masterpieces.
 Boom Boom is the second music album of famous brother and sister duo Nazia Hassan & Zohaib Hassan released in 1982. A movie was made on the music in Bollywood called Star. The song Nigahon Say Door from the film sung by Nazia and composed by Biddu based on The Winds of Change was not included in the album. Whereas Khushi (Teri Hai Meri Khushi) was included in the album but was not featured in the film.
 The Great Vacation Vol.1: Super Best of Glay is a compilation album by Japanese band Glay released on June 10 2009. This album reached #2 position on Oricon charts ando sold 194.289 copies. It was certified Platinum for shipment of over 250000 copies.
 Realm of Shadows is a studio album by Midnight Syndicate released March 6 2000 by Entity Productions. The track Witching Hour is a staple at Six Flags Great America during its annual Fright Fest. It is currently out of print.
 Notes from Big Sur is an album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd recorded in July 1993 by Lloyd with Bobo Stenson Anders Jormin and Ralph Peterson.
 14 Weeks of Silence is the third album by Russian singer Zemfira which became her second best-selling album after Forgive Me My Love with sales around 1 million copies. In comparison with her earlier albums it showcases softer and more polished sound with prominent use of keyboards inspired by work of such bands as Radiohead.
 Mass is an album by New Zealand musician Alastair Galbraith released in 2011.
 The Angel Song is the debut album by Ezio released in 1993. The album named after the closing song was self-released by the band and the proceeds from sales of the album at gigs were used to fund further touring.
 Whitney is the second studio album by American R&B/pop singer Whitney Houston released in the United States on June 2 1987 by Arista Records as the follow-up to her best selling debut album Whitney Houston. She became an international star with this album which made her the era's top female star. Whitney was certified 9× platinum by the RIAA on November 29 1995.The album met the expectations of many people and was sensationally popular after its release.
 The Perry Como Christmas Album was Perry Como's 15th RCA Victor 12 long-play album the 13th recorded in full living stereophonic sound and the fourth featuring Dynagroove technology.Como is accompanied on the album by the Ray Charles Singers and an orchestra arranged and conducted by Nick Perito.
 Dress Me Up! is an album by Denise Ho released on December 19 2003.
 Oh-By the Way is an album by the drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers recorded in 1982 in the Netherlands and released on the Dutch Timeless label.
 Jimone was the first EP by Mancunian band James released in November 1983 by Factory Records. It contained three tracks that also later appeared on the band's Village Fire EP. According to the band's biography Folklore by Stuart Maconie the band were fearful of tarnishing their best songs in the studio so instead opted to record the three songs they felt were their worst.The track What's The World has been covered by The Smiths (live recording on I Started Something I Couldn't Finish).
 Vertikal is the sixth studio album by the Swedish rock band Cult of Luna and is also the band's first studio album since Eternal Kingdom (2008). The album was released in Europe on January 25 2013 through Indie Recordings and in the US on January 29 2013 on CD through Density Records and on vinyl through Back on Black.
 King of Pop is a compilation album by American recording artist Michael Jackson released in commemoration of Michael Jackson's 50th birthday. The album differs significantly in each country it was released because fan voting was employed to determine the songs for each country's version. The album's title comes from the title Jackson acquired approximately 20 years earlier. The album's launch was made public on June 20 2008 with the official announcement of the Australian version.
 Bravo is the fourth album by 5566. It was released in 2008 on Avex Trax Records.
 Beth Nielsen Chapman is the second album by singer-songwriter Beth Nielsen Chapman.
 U2 Live at Red Rocks: Under a Blood Red Sky is a concert film by Irish rock band U2. It was recorded on 5 June 1983 at Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Colorado United States on the group's War Tour. Originally released in 1984 on videocassette U2 Live at Red Rocks was the band's first video release. It accompanied a 1983 live album entitled Under a Blood Red Sky on which two tracks from the film appear.
 Smokie Norful Live is a live album from Contemporary Gospel singer Smokie Norful. The album was released on April 7 2009 through EMI Gospel.
 Fallen House Sunken City is a studio album from American rapper B. Dolan. It was released on Strange Famous Records in 2010. The album is entirely produced by Alias.
 Little Girl Blue is the debut album by Jazz singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone (1933–2003) for Bethlehem Records. It was also released as Jazz as Played in an Exclusive Side Street Club. Nina was in her mid-20s at the time of this album and still aspiring to be a classical concert pianist. She immediately sold the rights for the songs on this album to Bethlehem for $3000. In the end this cost her royalty profits of more than a million dollars.
 Ultra. Dance 06 is a dance compilation album from Ultra Records released as part of the label's Ultra.Dance series. It was released on January 25 2005 and mixed by The Riddler & Vic Latino
 Ultrasound 1997–2003 (Chinese: 樂之路) is Taiwanese Mandopop singer-songwriter David Tao's first compilation album. It was released on 8 August 2003 by EMI Music Taiwan. It features four new tracks as well as 11 previously released tracks from his debut album David Tao in 1997 to his third album Black Tangerine in 2003.The track 今天没回家 (Shanghaied) is listed at number 6 on Hit Fm Taiwan's Hit Fm Annual Top 100 Singles Chart (Hit-Fm年度百首單曲) for 2003.
 It's Me Again is the second studio album by American recording artist Tweet released on March 21 2005 by The Goldmind Inc. and Atlantic Records. The album debuted at number seventeen on the US Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 55000 copies.
 Luis Miguel: 20 Años (also known as Gira 20 Años or Premier 1991) is a VHS Video from the Mexican singer Luis Miguel.
 Selected is the first compilation album released by the British musical project Recoil fronted by Alan Wilder released on April 19 2010.
 The Healing of Harms is the first non-independent studio album released by Christian rock band Fireflight in 2006. The album was Fireflight's first release on Flicker Records. Waiting Liar and Serenity previously appeared on the band's 2004 release On the Subject of Moving Forward EP (though Serenity was titled Call).
 Once Upon a Time is a 1966 studio album by Earl Hines accompanied by members of the Duke Ellington orchestra.
 Pins and Needles is the fourth studio album by Canadian rock band The Birthday Massacre. The album was released on September 14 2010. The first single and video from the album In the Dark premiered on September 7 2010 directed and edited by M.Falcore and Rodrigo Gudiño of Rue Morgue.
 Timing Is Everything is singer Chris de Burgh's fourteenth original album released in 2002.
 Epsilon no Fune (イプシロンの方舟 Ark of Epsilon) is the 4th album of J-pop singer Kotoko under Geneon Entertainment. It was released on October 14 2009. This album debuted in the sixth place of the Oricon daily charts making this album one of the most successful in KOTOKO's musical career.This album covers her Hayate no Gotoku! Shichiten Hakki Shijou Shugi! Real Onigokko and Blaze singles.
 Amrep Xmas is Unsane's first live album released in 1997 through Man's Ruin Records. Four Sticks is a Led Zeppelin cover and appeared originally in their fourth album.
 Akumajou Dracula X: Nocturne in the Moonlight ORIGINAL GAME SOUNDTRACK (Japanese 悪魔城ドラキュラX: 月下の夜想曲 Akumajō Dracula X: Gekka no Yasōkyoku) is the original soundtrack for the 1997 Konami video game Castlevania: Symphony of the Night as it is known in North America. All of the tracks listed below appear in the PlayStation version of the game. Additional music from the Sega Saturn version was not included on the disc since it was released in June 1998; over a year later.
 Alive II is the second live album (and eighth overall) by American hard rock and heavy metal band Kiss released in 1977. The band had released three albums (Destroyer Rock and Roll Over and Love Gun) since the previous live outing the seminal 1975 release Alive! and the band drew upon the variety of new tracks with Eddie Kramer producing.
 Söndermarken is an album by Lars Winnerbäck and his band Hovet released in 2003. It has been certified 2x platinum in Sweden.
 Homegrown is the fourteenth album by UB40 released on November 3 2003. The only single release from this album was Swing Low which was used as the Official Theme for the 2003 Rugby World Cup
 Dance Mother is the debut album of the synthpop duo Telepathe. It was released on January 26 2009 via IAMSOUND Records and Cooperative Records. The album was produced by Dave Sitek of TV on the Radio.The US releases of the album contain 3 extra tracks: So Fine (Chairlift remix) Devil's Trident (The Big Pink Specialization Reality) and Michael (Atticus Ross remix).Music videos for So Fine and Chrome's On It were produced.
 Girls Girls Girls is the fourth studio album released on May 15 1987 by the heavy metal band Mötley Crüe.The record features a more blues-influenced sound than their previous albums[citation needed] and contains the hits Wild Side and Girls Girls Girls. The record also reflects the band's hard-living lifestyle and pays homage to their love of riding Harley Motorcycles drinking whiskey drug use life on the Sunset Strip and spending nights at strip clubs.
 Hallucinations: Psychedelic Pop Nuggets from the WEA Vaults is a 2004 compilation album released by Rhino Handmade one of two new compilations using the Nuggets name. As with all Rhino Handmade releases it was only available online and a limited amount of copies were pressed. All 7500 copies are currently sold out.The title comes from the first track performed by Baker Knight & the Knightmares. As the title suggests all 24 tracks were taken from the library of the Warner Music Group.
 Nano–Mugen Compilation 2009 is a compilation album released by Asian Kung-Fu Generation to advertise their eighth annual Nano-Mugen Festival held at the Yokohama Arena through July 19-20th.
 Rush is the fourth studio album by Finnish singer Anna Abreu released in Finland by RCA on March 30 2011. The album was preceded by the lead single Hysteria in January 2011.The album was produced by Jukka Immonen who is known for his work with Finnish singer Jenni Vartiainen. Principal photography for the album including its cover and those of its lead single Hysteria was completed in Thailand in December 2010.
 Wonderful is an album by the British ska band Madness. It was released in 1999 (see 1999 in music). It's the first studio album since 1984's Keep Moving to feature the original line-up.
 Breakout is the second studio album by American recording artist Miley Cyrus released on July 22 2008 by Hollywood Records. It is her first record that is not affiliated with the television series Hannah Montana in which Cyrus portrays the titular character Hannah Montana. She co-wrote eight of its thirteen tracks several of which with the assistance of Antonina Armato and Tim James.
 Lots More Blues Rags and Hollers is an album by the blues trio Koerner Ray & Glover released in 1964.
 Open Up Your Love is an album by The Whispers. Released in 1977 this album reached number 23 on the Billboard Soul Albums chart. This was their last album on Don Cornelius's Soul Train Records before transitioning over to manager Dick Griffey's SOLAR Records. The single I'm Gonna Make You My Wife was featured in the motion picture Waiting to Exhale but did not appear on the soundtrack.
 N.E.W.S. is the twenty-fourth studio album by Prince containing four tracks of 14 minutes duration each. Recorded at Prince's Paisley Park Records over a single day the album was initially available through Prince's NPG Music Club website on May 26 2003 before becoming widely commercially available on July 22. The album can be seen as a modern incarnation of Madhouse but this time as a Prince release.
 The Anthem of the Outcast is the sixth extended play by US electronica duo Blood on the Dance Floor released on October 30 2012. The EP was released shortly after their fifth studio album Evolution and expands on many of the album's themes.
 Up was the debut album by British jazz-fusion duo Morrissey–Mullen. Produced by Herbie Mann it was recorded in New York in 1976 and featured the Average White Band as the rhythm section together with other leading New York-based session musicians.
 Biscuits for Breakfast is the second album from British musician Fin Greenall and collectively as Fink the band's debut album. It was released on the 24th of April 2006.
 Mountain Of Love is the 2012 debut self-titled album by acid house psychedelic electric funk soul band Mountain of Love (band). It was released on 2 August 2012 through Cooked Griffin Records and features no singles yet.
 Yuri: Sí soy así is the fourth album by Mexican iconic pop singer Yuri. It was released in 1983.
 Kontinuum is the thirty-sixth album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 2007 and taking in consideration the previously released multi-disc box sets (Silver Edition Historic Edition Jubilee Edition Contemporary Works I and Contemporary Works II) it could be viewed as Schulze's ninety-seventh album.
 Dark Eyes is an album by Polish jazz trumpeter and composer Tomasz Stańko recorded in 2009 and released on the ECM label.
 Corroded Disorder is an album by electro-industrial band Front Line Assembly. It contains tracks from three previous releases Corrosion Disorder and Convergence as well as two bonus tracks. The release leaves out Conflict and The Wrack Part III – Wisdom from Corrosion. While the former appeared on Convergence the latter has never been released on CD.
 For the Mafia term see capo di tutti capi.Boss of All Bosses is the second studio album by American rapper Slim Thug. Most songs were recorded from 2008 to 2009 by Mr. Lee J. Lacy and was mixed by Grammy Award-winning mix engineer/producer Mike Dean. The album was met with generally favorable reviews from music critics and publications upon its release. The album also debuted at number fifteen on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart with 32000 copies sold in the first week released.
 The Waiting Room is the second EP by Australian rock/pop group Do-Ré-Mi and was released by independent label Larrikan Records in January 1983. The album has six tracks which were written by lead vocalist Deborah Conway drummer Dorland Bray bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip.
 Triarchy of the Lost Lovers is the third full-length album by Greek black metal band Rotting Christ. This album was released in August 1996 on Century Media and was the first album to showcase a steady addition of gothic metal influence to their overall sound.
 Scraping Tokyo '95 is a 1995 live album by Dive.
 Quartet is a second collaboration album of guitarists Peter Rowan and Tony Rice. On this record the duo becomes a quartet with the addition of mandolinist Sharon Gilchrist and bassist Bryn Davies both of whom sing as well. The band continues to deliver intimate bluegrass-folk style music on a very high level.
 El Omr Mashi (Arabic: العمر ماشي‎) is the second album of songs recorded by the Super Star winner Diana Karazon.
 Malachi is the eponymous debut album released by Fame Academy contestant Malachi Cush. The album was released on 24 March 2003 and features his debut single Just Say You Love Me along with some cover versions that he performed on Fame Academy. The album reached number 17 in the UK Album Chart in April 2003.
 Cream Gold is a two-disc compilation album by the English rock band Cream released in 2005 to help celebrate the band's reunion at the Royal Albert Hall.
 Rise to the Occasion is reggae dancehall artist Sizzla's eighteenth studio album. The album was released on September 30 2003. The album is a mix of dancehall and reggae with singles such as Rise to the Occasion and Give Me a Try.
 Upper Egypt is an album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz' band Zony Mash recorded in 1999 and released on the independent Knitting Factory label.
 Aigakikoeru: Listen for the Love is Kokia's fifth album. It was originally released under Wasabi Records in France in November 2006 however was eventually released in Japan six months later.
 Don't Fight It is the debut album by Canadian rock band Red Rider which was released in 1980 (see 1980 in music). Don't Fight It sold more than 100000 copies in Canada and earned Cochrane and Red Rider their first Gold album certification award and was later certified Platinum.
 As Is is a 1966 pop music album by Manfred Mann. It was their fourth overall (including a greatest hits package) but their first for Fontana Records and their first to feature new members Mike d'Abo and Klaus Voormann. It was produced by Shel Talmy and released in the U.K. on 21 October 1966 (STL5377).
 Mindcrime at the Moore is a live album and DVD by American progressive metal band Queensrÿche that was released on July 3 2007. The album and DVD were announced in an April 4 press release on the band's website.The album/DVD was recorded live during Queensrÿche's three night stint at The Moore Theatre in Seattle in October 2006 on the band's tour in support of Operation: Mindcrime II.
 Harmonium is the second album by American pop singer-pianist Vanessa Carlton released by A&M Records in the US on November 9 2004. Carlton co-wrote some of the album with Stephan Jenkins her then-boyfriend and the lead singer of Third Eye Blind who produced the album. Harmonium debuted outside the top 20 on the US. Billboard 200 and sales fell considerably short of those of Carlton's debut album Be Not Nobody (2002).
 Crazy Nights is the second album released by country music band Lonestar. Four singles were released from this album: Come Cryin' to Me You Walked In Say When and Everything's Changed. Come Cryin' to Me reached number one on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 In the House of Stone and Light is a 1994 album by Martin Page. It features the title song In the House of Stone and Light which was a substantial Billboard Hot 100 hit (peaking at number 14) and AC (number 1) hit.
 Fenech-Soler is the debut studio album by British electropop band Fenech-Soler. It was released on September 27 2010.
 Petula Clark's Hit Parade is a compilation album of Clark's biggest hits to date. This unofficial 'greatest hits' album released on Clark's British label Pye was only released in the UK however. The US wouldn't see a 'greatest hits' until Warner Bros. released Petula Clark's Greatest Hits Vol. 1 at the end of 1968. Two of Clark's hit singles previously unreleased on an LP were included on the Hit Parade album; Round Every Corner (#21 US) and You'd Better Come Home (#22 US).
 50minutes is a 2006 charity album consisting of indie folk electronica and alternative artists from across the world with all proceeds going to the Medical Foundation. The concept of the album is 50 one-minute long tracks from 50 different artists. It is compiled together in such a way as to produce a continuously flowing piece of music of exactly 50 minutes length.
 WOW Essentials 2 is a collection of some recent favorite Christian songs on the contemporary Christian music scene. It showcases twelve songs on a single CD. The album reached No. 24 on the Top Christian Albums chart during 2009.
 The Final Countdown Tour 1986 is a live album by the Swedish hard rock band Europe. It was released on December 16 2004.
 On Leaving is the fourth album by American singer-songwriter Nina Nastasia. It was released on September 11 2006 on Fat Cat Records. It was recorded by Steve Albini and produced by Nastasia Kennan Gudjonsson and Albini.
 This 1954 Jo Stafford album is a collection of Scottish love songs.
 The Best of Grace Slick is a compilation album of Grace Slick's work focusing mostly on work with Jefferson Airplane Jefferson Starship and Starship. There are three tracks that are from her solo albums although no tracks appear from Dreams (1980). The album includes a bonus track that was recorded during Starship's Knee Deep in the Hoopla sessions called Do You Remember Me?
 Build & Burn is the second full-length album from punk rock band The Loved Ones. It was released on February 5 2008 through Fat Wreck Chords. The album was produced by Pete Steinkopf and Bryan Keinlen from The Bouncing Souls and features cameos from The Hold Steady's Franz Nicolay and Tad Kubler. A music video was released for the song The Bridge.
 Attitude is Japanese Pop singer and actress Meisa Kuroki's first EP. It was released on January 1 2010 by her record label Studioseven Recordings.
 The Next Generation is the seventh studio album by international pop music project Sweetbox. Released in 2009 after almost two years in the making it is the first album to have Jamie Pineda as front woman after Jade Villalon departed for her solo career.
 The European Tour is a 1980 album by jazz musician John Coltrane.
 Blue Rock is the third and final album released by The Cross. Like Mad Bad and Dangerous to Know Blue Rock is a straight rock album which is currently out of print and has become a hard-to-find item.[citation needed] Spike Edney contributed a lot more to the record writing or co-writing seven of the ten tracks of the album.Because of the failure of their previous albums Blue Rock was only released in Germany Japan Italy (vinyl only) and France (cassette only).
 SRH Presents: Supporting Radical Habits Vol. II is the seventh official compilation album by Suburban Noize Records released on April 3 2007. SRH Clothing and Suburban Noize Records teamed up again to release the second SRH “Supporting Radical Habits” CD/DVD compilation. This CD/DVD features music from Kottonmouth Kings NOFX Tech N9ne Slightly Stoopid and Sen Dog of Cypress Hill among many others.
 Roots is the sixth studio album by the Brazilian metal band Sepultura. It was released in February 20 1996 (1996-02-20) by Roadrunner Records and was the band's last studio album to feature founding member and vocalist Max Cavalera. Following the experimentalism of the album Chaos A.D. Roots has more influence from Brazilian musical rhythms and features Brazilian musician Carlinhos Brown percussionist David Silveria turntablist DJ Lethal and vocalists Jonathan Davis and Mike Patton.
 Imagination is a 1958 album recorded by Billy Eckstine. It was released under the EmArcy label.
 Radio Jah Jah is a 2004 studio album by The Hobos. It was the follow-up to their previous studio album Flashback Mornings. Radio Jah Jah is a special release for the band in that it is a double album with one CD featuring original material written by the band’s spiritual leader Rolands Ūdris and the other disc compiled from various covers done by the band.When asked to comment on the title of the album singer Rolands Ūdris replied: Radio Jah Jah is the radio that plays in our heads.
 Aus Liebe weint man nicht (You Don't Cry Out of Love) is the sixteenth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. The album did not have the success of the group's previous album but still sold well going to gold status in Germany.
 Escape to Nowhere is the fourth studio album of the American heavy metal band Omen. It was originally released in 1988 by Metal Blade.This is the first Omen studio album with Coburn Pharr on vocals (later Annihilator member) replacing J.D. Kimball.Also Cam Daigneault had replaced Steve Witting on drums before album's release but all drums tracks used in the album are played by Witting.Escape to Nowhere is the first Omen album to feature keyboards.
 Independent is the third full-length album from Sacred Reich a thrash metal band from Arizona United States. It was released in 1993 and follows the A Question EP from 1991 and 1990's full-length The American Way.The band followed this with their fourth full-length album Heal in 1996. The album features drummer Dave McClain who later went on to play with Machine Head.
 Nebo – eto ya (Russian: Небо — это я ; literally: Heaven - It's Me) - is a 2004 studio album of Sofia Rotaru recorded at Artur-Music in Ukraine. The album was released in the autumn of 2004 in Russia and Ukraine as well as worldwide simultaneously. The album includes earlier unreleased singles and two remixes of the song White Dance (Russian: Belyi tanets/Белый танец.
 Turn Me On is the debut Korean solo mini album of Kim Kyu-jong of South Korean boy band SS501. It was released on 27 September 2011 by B2M Entertainment and distributed by LOEN Entertainment.
 'From Silence to Sorcery' is an album of contemporary classical music by John Zorn which features three instrumental works touching upon themes of magic and mysticism. Goetia is a set of variations for solo violin written in 2002. Gris-Gris (2000) is a work for thirteen tuned drums performed by William Winant inspired by the music of Korean Shamanism Haitian Voodoo and a scene from Howard Hawks’ classic film To Have and Have Not.
 ...Waltzing Alone is the first full-length album from the Dublin Ireland folk-pop band The Guggenheim Grotto. It was originally released in Ireland on September 9 2005 by Rykodisc and then on September 26 2006 in the US and Canada by United For Opportunity.The song Philosophia was featured as the iTunes free download for the week of April 16 2007.
 Live From Hell is the fourth comedy album by Sam Kinison. It was released in 1993 a year after his death.
 Tokyo Joe is a 1978 album by Ryuichi Sakamoto and guitarist Kazumi Watanabe. It is a compilation of tracks from the albums Thousand Knives (1978) Kylyn (1979) Kylyn Live (1979) and the track Tokyo Joe which appeared on a various artists anthology Tokyo-Paris-London-New York Dancing Night. The album was originally released in Japan in 1978 then re-released also in the Western countries in the 1980s.
 Crimes of Passion is the second album by American rock singer Pat Benatar released in the summer of 1980.It held at #2 on the Billboard album chart for five weeks behind John Lennon's Double Fantasy and produced the hits Hit Me with Your Best Shot (US No. 9) You Better Run (US No. 42) Treat Me Right (US No. 18) plus a cover of Kate Bush's international hit Wuthering Heights.
 Blood of the Dragon is the seventh album by Nox Arcana incorporating an interactive puzzle. The music is mainly instrumental with a classical symphonic and at times tribal Celtic sound. The music is interspersed with brief narrations and sound effects that relate a story.The overall theme is laden with elements popularized in sword and sorcery stories and games such as wizards warriors dragons elves witches dwarves and trolls.
 Ether was an experimental music project by John Watts released under the name Fischer-Z. After releasing two successful solo albums and one album of remixes since the last Fischer-Z album Stream John Watts had started to take an interest in creating big beat music. After creating a whole big beat style album in 1999 entitled Bigbeatpoetry Watts carried on in a similar style for Ether.
 Autotheism is the third studio album by American technical death metal band The Faceless. It was released on August 14 2012 through Sumerian Records. The album debuted at number 50 on the Billboard 200 number 3 on the Top Hard Rock Albums number 13 on the Top Independent albums number 18 on Top Rock albums and hit number 1 on the CMJ radio loud rock chart.[citation needed]
 In The Skies is an album by British blues rock musician Peter Green who was the founder of Fleetwood Mac and a member from 1967–70. Released in 1979 this was his second solo album and the first after eight years of obscurity.Accompanying Green on this album were several experienced session musicians including Snowy White who went on to work with Pink Floyd before joining Thin Lizzy.
 Energy is the fifth studio album by The Pointer Sisters released in 1978 on the Planet label.
 Fitzcarraldo is a re-issued version of the second studio album by The Frames released under the moniker The Frames DC to avoid confusion with the American band of the same name. The album was released on ZTT Records on October 29 1996. The Frames' line-up for Fitzcarraldo features Glen Hansard on guitar and vocals Colm Mac Con Iomaire on violin Graham Downey on bass guitar and keyboards Dave Odlum on lead guitar Paul Brennan on drums and Noreen O'Donnell on backing vocals.
 Control and Resistance is the second album by progressive metal band Watchtower released in 1989.
 Lost In America Edwin McCain's seventh album was released on April 11 2006.
 Symphonicities is the tenth studio album by English musician Sting. It was released on 13 July 2010 on Deutsche Grammophon.
 Yoni is the second solo album to be released by Ginger main driving force of rock band The Wildhearts. It was released on January 22 2007 and features 12 tracks. It was produced by Tim Smith (of the Cardiacs) who had previously produced the debut album from SilverGinger 5 Black Leather Mojo and Jason Edwards (Wolfsbane).The album is dedicated to the spirit determination strength & inspiration of Trace.
 My Blue Ridge Mountain Boy is Dolly Parton's fourth solo studio album originally released in September 1969 and re-released digitally in 2013.
 Wonder Age is the debut album by alternative rock band Air Dubai released on October 5 2010 with production by Andrew Guerrero.
 Lost Legends of Surf Guitar is a series of compilations of surf rock bands from the 1960s. The compilations were released by Sundazed Records.
 Flash is the fourth studio album by guitarist Jeff Beck released in July 1985 through Epic Records. The album is Beck's most successful to date reaching No. 39 on the Billboard 200 chart and reaching the top 60 in four other countries. Two singles also charted: the first being a reunion with singer Rod Stewart (from the Jeff Beck Group) for a cover of People Get Ready by The Impressions which reached No.
 A Weakness For Spirits was a studio album released in 2005 by the American punk rock band Darkbuster. The album was re-released in 2006 after the band signed with I Scream Records.
 Earth Rocker is the tenth studio album by American rock band Clutch. It was released on March 15 2013 by Weathermaker Music. Earth Rocker is the first studio album to be released by Clutch since Strange Cousins from the West in 2009. The album is produced by Machine who also produced the band's 2004 album Blast Tyrant.
 Ecstasy is the eighteenth album by Lou Reed released in 2000. It is a concept album about Reed's personal experiences with marriage and relationships. The cover photography is by Reed.On an episode of Spectacle: Elvis Costello with... featuring Lou Reed and Julian Schnabel as the guests Schnabel recites nearly the entirety of Rock Minuet citing it as one of his favorite Reed songs.
 Lullaby for the Hearts of Space (1980) is an album by the American ambient musician Kevin Braheny.Both pieces on the album were performed live using the Mighty Serge modular analog synthesizer and were spontaneous improvised compositions. The first track Lullaby for the Hearts of Space was originally recorded for a Hearts of Space radio special at KPFA-FM in March 1980.
 A Day at the Beach is the second LP by Chicago group Sonia Dada. It was produced under the label Capricorn Records and released on March 21 1995.
 This Way is the latest Acoustic Alchemy album released on May 14 2007 in the United Kingdom.It was released on June 6 2007 in the United States. On February 4 2007 Acoustic Alchemy announced that they had recently completed recording the new album comprising eleven tracks.
 Jennifer Hudson is the self-titled debut album by American actress and recording artist Jennifer Hudson. First released by Arista Records on September 27 2008 in Australia Hudson worked with a range of different producers and songwriters on the album including Rock City Missy Elliott Brian Kennedy Ne-Yo Salaam Remi T-Pain Tank Timbaland and The Underdogs among others.Released to a generally mixed reception by music critics Jennifer Hudson debuted at number two on the U.S.
 This article describes the 15th album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 15 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 15 or Now 15 was released in 1991. The album is the 15th edition of the South African Now! series.
 Best of New Grass Revival is the title of a 1994 compilation album by progressive bluegrass band New Grass Revival. The cuts feature the 1981-1989 lineup of the band. A second compilation was released in 2005 under the title Grass Roots: The Best of the New Grass Revival featuring this lineup as well as earlier band members.
 16 Biggest Hits is a 2006 Clint Black compilation album. It is part of a series of similar 16 Biggest Hits albums released by Legacy Recordings.
 Black Moon is the eighth studio album and the first in fourteen years by progressive rock band Emerson Lake & Palmer released in 1992.The album received mixed reviews. It did not receive the acclaim of Tarkus or Brain Salad Surgery. Allmusic said of the album The original trio's first studio album in a dozen years suffers from the inevitable ageing and darkening of Lake's voice and a lack of real impetus.
 Sweeten the Distance is the tenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Neal Casal released on November 14 2011; on Fargo. Produced by Thom Monahan the album is Casal's first since the break-up of The Cardinals in 2009 and features contributions from former bandmate Jon Graboff throughout.
 Jas Imam Pesna is the debut album by Macedonian pop musician Karolina. The album was released in Macedonia and Serbia & Montenegro.
 The Very Best of Santana (Single Disc Version) is a 1996 compilation album by Santana.
 Splatters is the fifty-ninth studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the twenty-ninth installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series. The album was part of a series of thirty pike albums that were released in close succession from one another during 2013.The album was announced and released on September 26 as both a digital version and as a limited edition consisting of 300 copies of an untitled white album signed by Buckethead himself to be released on October 10.
 Memory and Humanity is the fourth studio album by Welsh rock band Funeral for a Friend released on 13 October 2008.
 Clubland Classix - The Album Of Your Life is a three-disc dance compilation album the thirteenth in the Clubland series by Universal Music TV and All Around The World released in the UK on 31 March 2008. The album collects popular tracks from the previous twelve Clubland albums a lot of the songs featured also charted highly in the UK Singles Chart.
 The Calling Live is the first DVD to be released by Australian Hip Hop group Hilltop Hoods. It was released in 2005 through two years after their breakthrough album The Calling was released. The DVD sees the Hilltop Hoods performing these songs live at a performance the group did in their hometown of Adelaide at Thebarton Theatre on 20 November 2004. Along with the concert there is also interviews with the group as well as rare footage.
 Wooden Arms is the third album by Patrick Watson released April 28 2009 on Secret City Records. The album's first single Tracy's Waters was released on March 5 and the group performed a new song Beijing on CBC Radio's Q radio show on April 6.
 7 Wishes is the third studio album by the band Night Ranger released in 1985 and produced by Pat Glasser.7 Wishes features three Billboard HOT 100 chart hits Sentimental Street (#8) Four In The Morning (#19) and Goodbye (#17).The title of Four in the Morning (I Can't Take Anymore) describes the time of day Jack Blades wrote the song. In an interview with the Songfacts website he explained Literally I wrote that song at 4 in the morning.
 Intokozo was a 1980 release by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo. The album included primarily religious compositions (as was the norm for the group's albums by this time in their career) and was recorded shortly before they travelled to Cologne Germany to perform at an African music festival. Intokozo also contains the first songs recorded by the group in the Sotho language (Tsamaya Pelo Yaka Tsamaya Sathane and Re Betsa Batho Bohle).
 Live Four was a compilation CD of live Coil songs. This CD was the first of four releases in a series. Its counterparts are Live Three Live Two and Live One. This album was later released as part of Coil's box set The Key To Joy Is Disobedience.The performance dates for Bang Bang and An Unearthly Red were performed in Prague on 27 October 2002.
 Felona e Sorona is an album by the Italian progressive rock band Le Orme. It was released in 1973. Named one of the finest examples of Italian progressive rock it is a concept album pivoting on the story of two planets which revolve one around the other without ever coming in contact.
 Atlas is an album by the Mexican Avanzada Regia electro-pop band Kinky. It was released on December 2 2003 on Nettwerk.Track 2 The Headphonist features vocals by John McCrea lead singer of the American band CAKE.
 Awful Mess Mystery was the debut album by indie rock band Wolfie released in 1999 via Mud Records. In a 2005 article on indie pop Pitchfork Media's Nitsuh Abebe referred to it as an insanely good record that hardly anyone likes but one of the best albums of the nineties.
 The Christmas Guest: Stories and Songs of Christmas is a Country/Gospel/Christian album by Andy Griffith. It was released on September 30 2003 by Sparrow Records. The album combines traditional Christmas stories with Griffith's interpretations of several holiday classics.
 Freefall is the title of the first solo album by British Christian singer-songwriter Steve Flashman.
 Romance & the Stage is an album by Elaine Paige released in 1993.It was produced by Peter Matz and recorded at CTS Studios London. The recording features songs primarily taken from stage musicals of the 1930s and 1940s such as Annie Get Your Gun and Kismet.The album was released by RCA Records and distributed in the United Kingdom by BMG.
 All the Hype That Money Can Buy Five Iron Frenzy's third full-length studio album released April 25 2000 on Five Minute Walk under their SaraBellum imprint with distribution from Warner Bros. Records. It is musically their most diverse album binding elements of salsa Calypso music and reggae with ska. Certain tracks also contain impressions of rockabilly metal and arena rock.
 The Ultimate Collection is a three-CD compilation of music by the Dutch symphonic rock band Solution. The first in-depth retrospective of the group it was released by Universal and Hunter Entertainment in 2005. The sound is digitally remastered.
 The Brightness is the third album by American folksinger Anais Mitchell released February 13 2007 on Righteous Babe Records. It was recorded at The Bristmill in Bristol Vermont and produced by Michael Chorney. In December of 2012 the song 'Of a Friday Night' was played as the Weather on episode 12 of Welcome to Night Vale The Candidate but was mislabeled as 'The Brightness'.
 Thursday Afternoon is a 1985 album by the British ambient musician Brian Eno consisting of one 60-minute eponymous composition. It is the rearranged soundtrack to a video production of the same title made in 1984.
 A December to Remember is a Christmas album released by country music artist Aaron Tippin. The album is his first Christmas album and it includes a mix of original songs and covers. Tippin's rendition of Jingle Bell Rock charted on the Hot Country Songs charts in late 2001.
 Coming Home is the fifth studio album by American rock band New Found Glory. It was produced by the band along with Thom Panunzio and released on September 19 2006 through Geffen Records. Written and demoed at the Morning View Mansion in Malibu California during 2005 Coming Home is a concept album unified by a lyrical theme of being away from home and loved ones.
 Back Porch Bluegrass is the debut album by bluegrass quartet The Dillards. Dooley and Deulin' Banjo were both released as singles.
 Sebadoh vs Helmet was an EP by Sebadoh released in 1992.
 Snakes & Arrows Live is a live double CD and DVD by Canadian band Rush. The CD was released on April 14 2008 in the UK and on April 15 2008 around the world. It was also released on DVD and Blu-Ray on November 24 2008. The material was taken from two performances during the first leg of the Snakes & Arrows Tour recorded at the Ahoy Arena in Rotterdam Netherlands on October 16 and 17 2007.
 Heathen Songs is the debut album from The Kill Devil Hills released August 2004 and nationally on February 7 2005 on independent label Torn and Frayed and distributed by Reverberation Records. The album was reissued by Shock Records on June 11 2007.The album was recorded mixed and co-produced by Simon Struthers (Adam Said Galore).
 Ritmo Ardiente is the twelfth album by Mexican star Laura León. It was released in 1984.
 Klassiker 2 (Classics 2) is the third compilation album and the ninth album overall by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem released in 1993. With the exception of a few songs included on the 1988 compilation 10 Years After this was the first time Jerusalem's third and fourth albums had been released on CD. Some tracks were dropped to fit both albums onto one disc.
 It Happened One Night is a live album by Holly Cole. Originally released in Canada in 1996 on Alert Records it was also released in 1996 on the Metro Blue imprint of Capitol Records. It was recorded on June 28 1995 at the St. Denis Theatre in Montreal PQ and was originally released as an Enhanced CD including QuickTime video content playable on both Mac and Windows.
 The Amazing Adventures of DJ Yoda is the fourth studio album mixed by DJ Yoda.
 Caught in the Act is Grand Funk Railroad's second live album and was released in August 1975 by Capitol Records as a double album.
 No Exit is the third album by Australian rock band The Angels released in 1979. It reached No.8 on the Australian album charts in July.
 Sometimes You Have to Work on Christmas (Sometimes) is an EP that was released by Harvey Danger in December 2004 on the band's own label Phonographic Records.
 Do You Feel is The Rocket Summer's third full-length album released on July 17 2007 through Island Records. On this album the band uses a more diverse instrumentation including saxophone.Initially available on MySpace on July 10 the entire album was leaked onto the Internet on July 13. Following its release the album debuted at number 44 on the U.S.
 Baker Street is a compilation album released in 1999 by Gerry Rafferty. It features 16 of his best hits from 1978 to 1988.
 The Next Chapter is a live album/DVD consisting of live performances around the world interview snippets and studio recordings such as Forge of Sauron by progressive rock band Mostly Autumn. The DVD was released August 5th 2003.
 The Friends of Rachel Worth is the seventh album by Brisbane indie band The Go-Betweens released 12 years after their sixth 16 Lovers Lane.For this album they were joined by all members of American indie rock bands Sleater-Kinney and Quasi as well as new bassist Adele Pickvance. The album was recorded in Portland Oregon at Jackpot! Studios.The album received critical acclaim receiving 4.5 stars from Allmusic.
 Billboard Top Hits: 1975 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1991 featuring 10 hit recordings from 1975.The track lineup includes seven songs that reached the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart including the No. 1 song of 1975 Love Will Keep Us Together by Captain & Tennille.
 A Date with Jimmy Smith Volume Two is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded in 1957 and released on the Blue Note label.
 The Best Kept Secret is the debut solo album of New Zealand hip-hop artist Alphrisk of the Deceptikonz released in 2004. It contained the single Sunshine which peaked in the New Zealand Singles Chart at number 8.
 Roots is an album by blues guitarist and singer Johnny Winter. His first studio album in seven years it was released by Megaforce Records on September 27 2011.On Roots Winter and his band perform eleven blues standards. Each song features a different guest performer. These featured musical artists include Warren Haynes Derek Trucks John Popper Vince Gill and Johnny's brother Edgar Winter.
 Stars Aligned is the fourth studio album by the Finnish progressive rock band Von Hertzen Brothers. It was released on 21 March 2011 in Finland and 23 March 2011 in the United Kingdom.
 Dreamin' Man Live '92 is a live album by Neil Young released on December 8 2009. It features live solo acoustic performances of all ten songs from Harvest Moon recorded on tour in 1992. The album is volume twelve in Young's Archives Performance Series and the fifth to be released. It was originally slated for release on November 2 2009 but was delayed for over a month; a vinyl release followed on March 30 2010.
 The Closer I Get is the second album by Canadian singer-songwriter Hayden. It is Hayden's first international release. In Canada it was released on Hardwood Records/Universal while in the United States it was released on Outpost Recordings/Geffen/Universal.The Closer I Get was released on vinyl by Hardwood Records for Record Store Day on April 19th 2014. At that time It was the only studio album to have never been released on vinyl.
 Live in Montreux 69 is a live album by English rock band Deep Purple recorded 4 October 1969 in Montreux released in 2006. It was recorded in the Montreux Casino that burned down two years later.It featured some of the first performances of Speed King and Child in Time which were released on Deep Purple in Rock eight months later.
 Burn is the third studio album by American country music artist Jo Dee Messina released in August 2000 by Curb Records.Her first No. 1 Billboard album on the Top Country Albums charts it also hit No. 19 on the Billboard 200. That's the Way served as the album's lead-off single spending four weeks at the top of the Billboard country music charts and becoming a major pop hit peaking at #25.
 Neptune is the second studio album by London-based band The Duke Spirit and the last to feature original lead guitarist Dan Higgins. The album was released on February 4 2008 on indie label You Are Here. The song Lassoo is featured in the game Guitar Hero On Tour: Modern Hits for North America and the UK and Send a Little Love Token is featured on the main setlist for Guitar Hero 5 as well as on Forza Motorsport 3.
 You Are Here is an album by Banco de Gaia. It was released on May 18 2004 on Six Degrees Records.
 Thelema is an EP by the Murder City Devils released on September 4 2001 on Sub Pop Records. It is their last release of entirely original material before they broke up later that year. Spencer Moody has said that it was really my favorite stuff overall. It was reissued on vinyl on February 17 2009.
 Maiden of Mysteries – The Music of Enya (1998) is the fourth album released by the Taliesin Orchestra and is a tribute to the Irish singer Enya. There have been three other Enya tribute albums released by the Orchestra: Orinoco Flow An Instrumental Tribute to the Hits of Enya and Thread of Time.
 The Promise is the debut album from Christian boy band Plus One. The album features the singles Written On My Heart God Is In This Place Last Flight Out and Here In My Heart. The album was certified Gold in 2000.
 Santamental is the fourth solo album from Steve Lukather.
 Blue River is the 1972 album from Folk rock musician Eric Andersen. The album was recorded in Nashville and is a regarded as a landmark recording for the Singer-songwriter/Folk rock genre. Guest musician Joni Mitchell contributes vocals on the title track Blue River.
 The Best of Connie Smith is the first compilation album released by American country artist Connie Smith. The album was released in September 1967 on RCA Victor Records and was produced by Bob Ferguson. The album compiled Smith's major hits between 1964 and 1966 including one new single.
 This Is Just a Modern Rock Song is Belle & Sebastian's fourth EP released in 1998 on Jeepster Records. The front cover features Alan Horne founder of Postcard Records. It is the only Belle & Sebastian release never to be issued in North America although all four tracks from the EP were later collected on the Push Barman to Open Old Wounds compilation.
 Swan Songs B-Sides EP is an EP by Hollywood Undead that was released on June 23 2009 and consists of 4 B-side songs that were recorded during the sessions of the album Swan Songs but didn't make the album.These four tracks were previously available as bonus tracks on different editions of the album.
 Compassion Fills the Void is the debut album by hardcore band Stretch Arm Strong on Uprising Records.
 A New World is an EP by Ronnie Drew produced by Phil Coulter. It was released through the Sunday World newspaper prior to the release of Drew's album There's Life In The Old Dog Yet in October 2006. As well as the title track from the forthcoming album the EP also featured Drew's interpretations of several of Coulter's own compositions many of which had previously been recorded by other artists.
 Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen – The Album is a compilation album of various artists music from the 2009 live-action Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. The official single is New Divide by Linkin Park. It was rumored that Dead by Sunrise would be releasing a track called Crawl Back In for the soundtrack. However Chester Bennington said he decided not to include it. Similarly Tyrese Gibson who plays Sgt.
 Digital Versatile Doom: Live at the Orpheum Theatre XXXVII A.S. is a live double album by Finnish band HIM. The DVD was directed by Meiert Avis in Los Angeles at the Orpheum Theater between 14 and 15 November 2007. The DVD features the live performance as well as behind the scenes look at the show. Also featured on the DVD is the winner of HIM's biggest fans competition go to Seattle Washington to meet the band.
 The Dave Brubeck Octet is a jazz album released by The Dave Brubeck Octet in 1950.
 One Horse Blue is the fifth studio album by Canadian country music group One Horse Blue. It was released by Savannah Records in 1993. The album peaked at number 4 on the RPM Country Albums chart.
 Sick of Wasting... is the sixth mixtape in Sage Francis' Sick of mixtape series. It compiles un-released songs and demos from 1996–2009. On June 4 2009 the official track listing as well as a pre-order and the first single were released on Strange Famous Records The whole mixtape was released for free download on June 16 2009.
 Déjà Vu Live is the sixteenth album by the rock band Crosby Stills Nash & Young and their sixth in the quartet configuration released by Reprise Records in 2008. It peaked at #153 on the Billboard 200 recorded on their 2006 Freedom of Speech tour. The album was released on vinyl in early 2009 and was pressed on 200-gram vinyl in Japan.
 Stranded in Babylon is an album recorded by Larry Norman in Norway in 1991. It was re-released in 1993 as Stranded in Babylon: The American Re-Mix. The album comprises 13 new songs written by Larry and represents some of his best work since the early days of his career. Larry and his brother Charly play all of the instruments but the sound is full and well-produced.
 Two CDs with music from the telenovela Lado a Lado have been released. One containing the national soundtrack released on November 29 2012 and the second one containing the instrumental soundtrack released in February 2013.
 Sweet Revenge is an album by Generation X. It was recorded in 1979 just before band members Bob Derwood Andrews and Mark Laff left the group and the bulk was subsequently re-recorded for the Kiss Me Deadly album. It was not until 1998 that the Sweet Revenge sessions were released as K.M.D. – Sweet Revenge on the German Empty Records label. An expanded Japanese reissue titled K.M.D. – Sweet Revenge Xtra was also released in 2004 by Revell Yell Music featuring alternate sound engineering.
 Rotator is the second and final studio album released by the Danish rock band Dizzy Mizz Lizzy.
 Gummy Song Fetus is a three-track EP consisting of a USB drive embedded inside a gummy fetus. It was first hand-delivered to Love Garden record store in Lawrence Kansas by Wayne Coyne before its official release date of June 25 2011 where the early gummy fetuses sold out quickly. Being that the gummy fetuses are smaller than the $150 Gummy Skulls released previously in April of 2011 they were therefore originally priced at a much more reasonable $30.
 Fantasia of Life Stripe is the second full album by Japanese band Flumpool. The album was released on January 26 2011 in Japan under their record label A-sketch in two editions: a limited edition premium package and a normal package. The album was certified gold by the RIAJ in January 2011.
 Oscar Peterson Plays the Cole Porter Songbook is a 1959 album by Oscar Peterson of compositions by Cole Porter.
 Hey Man is the fourth studio album by the hard rock band Mr. Big.
 Push Any Button is the tenth studio album by American musician Sam Phillips. It was released in August 2013 under Littlebox Recordings.
 El Que Sabe Sabe is the upcoming fifth album by Tego Calderón. Its first single is called Pegaito a la Pared and has been released on iTunes and Amazon. The single got a remix with Plan B. The remix was also released on iTunes along with an exclusive reggaeton remix. The second single Colabore was released in 2013.
 Todas as Mulheres do Mundo is an album by Brazilian singer Rita Lee released in 1993 through Som Livre.
 John R. Cash is the 51st overall album by country singer Johnny Cash released in 1975 on Columbia Records. It consists mostly of covers of other musicians' songs.
 This Is Hell is the second album by Swedish melodic death metal band Dimension Zero.Glenn Ljungström left after the recording. By the time of the release he was not in the band making this the last DZ album with him featured on it. A music video was released for Immaculate which Glenn was not in also.
 To Hide Her is the debut studio album by the Australian progressive rock band Toehider released in 2011. Tracks 6-10 were conceived as part of the 1in1 project: an attempt to create an EP in one week.The Most Popular Girl in School was released as a single. It reached the #1 position on Triple J Unearthed's rock chart.
 Dream is the ninth solo album from Keller Williams released in 2007. With the help of numerous collaborators Williams explores a wide spectrum of musical genres in each of the songs.The album ranked number 4 on Billboard's Top Heatseekers chart in 2007. and the song Cadillac won the Jammy award for Song of the Year in 2008.
 That House We Lived In is a double live album by the United States experimental rock band Keep the Dog. It comprises material from their final European tour in 1991 and was released by Fred Frith on his own Fred Records in 2003.
 Bad Company is the eponymous debut studio album by hard rock band Bad Company.The album was recorded at Headley Grange with Ronnie Lane's Mobile Studio in November 1973.The album reached the top of the Billboard 200 charts. Since then the album was certified five times platinum by the RIAA and became the 46th best selling album of the 1970s. The album spent 25 weeks in the UK Albums Chart entering at No. 10 and reaching its highest position of No. 3 in the second week.
 Tongues and Tails is the first album by American singer/songwriter Sophie B. Hawkins released in 1992 (see 1992 in music). The title is presumably derived from Act II Scene i Line 214 of The Taming of the Shrew in which Petruchio asks Kate What with my tongue in your tail?
 Zeitgeist EP is the second album released by Spanish/German rock band Frogcircus. It was released on the German label Thorshammer shortly after moving from Las Palmas de Gran Canaria (Spain) to Berlin in early 2001.The first two songs of the album were recorded and enineered by Ramón G. Tubío at Baraka 3R Studio in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria.
 Titus is the original soundtrack to the 1999 motion picture Titus. Elliot Goldenthal wrote the score for the film an adaptation of Shakespeare's first and bloodiest tragedy Titus Andronicus; written and directed by Julie Taymor Goldenthal's long-time friend and partner. The only non-Goldenthal piece is an old Italian song called Vivere performed by Italian singer Carlo Buti.
 One Night Only is a live album by rock band Thin Lizzy released in 2000. Thin Lizzy had reformed in 1996 for a series of gigs marking ten years since the death of singer/songwriter/bassist Phil Lynott. Latterday Lizzy guitarist John Sykes now took the lead vocal while Marco Mendoza was recruited on bass.
 Coming Home is the eighth studio album by Lionel Richie released on September 12 2006 by Island Records. It debuted at number six on the Billboard 200 becoming his biggest hit album since 1986's Dancing on the Ceiling. As of May 2012 the album has sold 449000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan.The music video for I Call It Love features his daughter Nicole Richie.
 Christ Is Come is an album from CCM/Rock band Big Daddy Weave. The album was released on September 22 2009 through Fervent Records.
 All Things Bright and Beautiful is the third studio album by the American electronica project Owl City released on June 14 2011. Although receiving mixed critical reviews it became a commercial success reaching the #6 slot on the Billboard 200 album chart.The album's name is based off the hymn of the same name.
 A Place to Land is the third studio album by American country music group Little Big Town. Released in 2007 as their second album on the independent Equity Music Group label it features the single I'm with the Band which peaked at number 32 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts in late 2007.In 2008 the group left Equity Music Group for Capitol Records Nashville which acquired the rights to the album. Capitol re-released the album on October 14 2008 with extra tracks.
 Stop and Smell the Roses is the eighth studio album by Ringo Starr released in 1981 following the twin commercial disasters of Ringo the 4th (1977) and Bad Boy (1978).
 By the Time I Get to Phoenix is the seventh album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1967 by Capitol Records.
 Tämä Ikuinen Talvi (This Eternal Winter) is the fourth demo album of the Finnish folk metal band Moonsorrow released in the very beginning of 1999 by Meat Hook Productions. It was re-released on August 28 2001 on CD by Sagitarius Productions with significantly remastered music and vocals. Some vocal tracks were redone with different lyrics.
 Tubular Bells II is the 15th album by Mike Oldfield released in 1992. The album—the first for his new record label Warner Bros. Records following an acrimonious departure from Virgin Records after twenty years—was conceived as a sequel to Oldfield's 1973 Tubular Bells. Another sequel followed in 1998.The album charted at number 1 in the UK as did its precursor.
 Training Day is the second album by North Carolina hip hop duo The Away Team was released in 2007 on the Hall of Justus label featuring contributions from unofficial third member Nervous Reck Evidence (of Dilated Peoples) Sean Price Black Milk Supastition and Darien Brockington.
 Threes is the third studio album by Sparta released on October 24 2006 and peaked at #83 on the Billboard 200. It is their first album with new guitarist Keeley Davis previously of Engine Down and Denali. Several new tracks including the single Taking Back Control are available for streaming on the band's MySpace page. [1]The album was made available for streaming several days before its release on the band's MySpace site.
 Innocence & Experience is a compilation album by the Blake Babies released in 1993 (see 1993 in music). The title may be a reference to the William Blake collection of poems Songs of Innocence and of Experience.
 Hocus Pocus is an album released by the band Enon. It was released September 9 2003 on Touch and Go Records.The album also contains a URL to a hidden website which can been seen by removing the black disc holder in the jewel case.
 Raise! is the eleventh studio album by Earth Wind & Fire produced by the band's leader Maurice White for Kalimba Productions and released in 1981 on CBS Records. Raise! has been certified platinum in the US by the RIAA for sales of over a million copies and gold in the UK and Canada by the British Phonographic Industry and Music Canada respectively.Raise! was the bestselling R&B album of 1982. The album featured the #1 R&B and # 3 Pop hit Let's Groove.
 EP1 is a 2006 bastard pop EP by The Kleptones. This is the first in a series of three EPs that were released in the three weeks preceding the release of the double album 24 Hours.The first track of this EP is included on the album 24 Hours although the audio clips sampled are not the same. The remaining tracks are B-sides which are no longer obtainable on the official site of The Kleptones.
 Brand Spankin' New is an album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz' band Zony Mash recorded in 1998 and released on the independent Knitting Factory label.
 Symphonica is the sixth album and first live album by English singer-songwriter George Michael released on 14 March 2014 through Aegean and Virgin EMI Records. Symphonica is Michael's first album of new recordings since Patience (2004). The album contains mostly live versions of songs from his 2011–12 Symphonica Tour including six of his own compositions (the rest being covers). The album was the final work by American producer Phil Ramone who died in March 2013.
 When released in 1999 Elastica's 6 Track EP was the first new material issued by the band since their self-titled debut four years earlier. According to bandleader Justine Frischmann the EP represented more of a document of what the band was up to during the interim rather than a return to form: The material has been chosen to allow people to hear rarities and demos which reflect all stages of the bands recording between 1996 and 1999.
 Rape on the Installment Plan is the debut album of The Heroine Sheiks released on September 20 2000 through Reptilian Records.
 Partie Traumatic is the debut album by American Indie rock band Black Kids released by Almost Gold on July 7 2008 in the United Kingdom and released by Columbia Records on July 22 2008 in North America. The album debuted at #5 on the UK Albums chart and placed on several year-end best albums lists.According to bassist Owen Holmes the album got its title from an instructional Artie Traum DVD on how to play the guitar which Holmes and Reggie Youngblood rented from their local library.
 Expo is the second album from the Robert Schneider solo project Marbles and is the follow-up to the 1997 release Pyramid Landing (And Other Favorites). Whereas Pyramid Landing was a showcase of experimental pop songs Expo focuses more sharply on electronic pop music similar to that of Gary Numan one of Schneider's influences on the Expo. Other influences include Electric Light Orchestra Brian Eno Phoenix and The Cars.[1] The liner notes for the album state a dedication to Marci and Max.
 The Greatest Fits is the 2001 Greatest hits album by Canadian rock band Headstones. The compilation features two new tracks Blowtorch and Come On.
 The Storm is the tenth studio album released by country music artist Travis Tritt. It was also his only album for the Category 5 Records label.
 Faster Crashers Harder is the first Album recorded by Chicago pop-punk band Spitalfield. First time released in 2001. Re-released in 2004 through Sinister Label / Walk In Cold Records.
 Penthouse Serenade is an instrumental jazz quartet album by Nat King Cole. It was released initially as a 10 inch LP in September 1952 on Capitol Records. An expanded (12 track) version was reissued in 1955 and a 19 track version (14-19 being vocal tracks) was reissued in 1998.
 Live Undead is the first live album by American thrash metal band Slayer. It was released through Metal Blade Records and recorded in New York City in front of a room of people. It has been questioned by both critics and authors that the audience sound may or may not be faked. However in 1984 WBAB Fingers Metal Shop a radio station held a contest to meet and hang out with Slayer during a live recording.
 Old and in the Way is the self-titled first album by the bluegrass band Old and in the Way. It was recorded 8 October 1973 at the Boarding House in San Francisco by Owsley Stanley and Vickie Babcock utilizing eight microphones (four per channel) mixed live onto a stereo Nagra tape recorder. The caricature album cover was illustrated by Greg Irons. For many years it was the top selling bluegrass album of all time until that title was taken by the soundtrack album for O Brother Where Art Thou.
 Soulcrusher is the debut album by American hard rock band Operator. The album sold over 110000 copies and peaked at #14 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart.
 Anita O'Day Collates is a 1953 (see 1953 in music) album by Anita O'Day.It was a 10 inch LP containing eight songs. It was re-released as Anita O'Day by Norgran Records in 1955 and with four additional tracks as The Lady Is A Tramp on the Verve label in 1957.
 Bold as Love was a debut album by Bardeux. During their short run as a group Bardeux spinned off mainstream hits and dance hits. Their first single Magic Carpet Ride peaked at number #81 on the charts. Their third single and most notable song of their career was When We Kiss which peaked at #36 on the Hot 100. Their last single  Hold me Hold me didn't chart. This album would peak at number 104 on the Billboard 200. This would also be the last album for Lisa Jaz Teaney.
 Amazing Thrills! in 3-Dimension is a Man or Astro-man? promo 7 that was given away with the first 1000 copies of their debut album Is It ... Man or Astroman?. It was released on Estrus Records in 1993 on black vinyl only. By some counts 1000 copies is a generous estimate as the Estrus website places the actual number pressed as only 400 (200 given to the band and 200 distributed to the first 200 people to order the first LP directly from Estrus).
 Almost Alone is an album by Chet Atkins. He was 71 at the time of the album's release. It is almost all solo guitar instrumentals. Jam Man won the 1997 Grammy award for Best Country & Western Instrumental Performance.Chet replaced the two low strings on a Country Gentleman guitar with bass strings on I Still Write Your Name in the Snow. There are no overdubs except for Jam Man and You Do Something to Me.
 The Royal Society is the second album by the British psychobilly band The Eighties Matchbox B-Line Disaster released in the UK on October 25 2004 on the No Death label. It was produced by Chris Goss of Masters of Reality. The album is a lot longer and less frantic than its immediate predecessor showing the band's progression.This is the last album to feature Andy Huxley on guitar.
 All in One is a studio album by Bebel Gilberto released on 29 August 2009 by Verve Records.
 New Old Ground is the third studio album by Australian hip hop act Koolism released in February 2006 by Invada Records. DJ Danielsan reflects that the album was about returning to the original raw elements that Koolism was built on and paying homage to the music that inspired us while still moving forward. The album was recorded in only six months. The cover artwork is based on the 1988 Run-DMC album Tougher Than Leather.
 Az Much Ass Azz U Want is an EP and second album overall by female rap group H.W.A. The album was released in 1994 for Ruthless Records and was produced by DJ Yella Rhythum D Cold 187um and Eazy-E. The EP was both a critical and commercial failure only making it to #71 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #33 on the Top Heatseekers album charts. One single was released All That (Juzt a Little Action) but it did not make it on any album charts.
 The View from this Tower is the only full-length album by the band Faraquet. Released on Dischord Records in 2000 (Dischord 122) it was their fourth and last recorded work.The album is also known for its instrumental fan favourite The Missing Piece.
 The Great Awake (Fat Wreck Chords/Union Label Group) is the second full-length studio release by The Flatliners. Unlike their debut album Destroy to Create the band shows an abandonment of ska punk for a punk rock sound.
 Simply In Love is a 2006 album by Tony Christie. Forty years after his first solo single Christie released Simply In Love - a collection of classic love songs and other covers including Light My Fire by The Doors and God Only Knows by The Beach Boys. The album was titled Simply In Love and dedicated to his wife Sue as they approached their 40th wedding anniversary.
 Elvis' Christmas Album is the fourth studio album by Elvis Presley on RCA Victor Records LOC 1035 a deluxe limited edition released in October 1957 and recorded at Radio Recorders in Hollywood. It has been reissued in numerous different formats since its first release. It spent four weeks at number one on the Billboard Top Pop Albums chart and was the first of two Christmas-themed albums Presley would record the other being Elvis Sings the Wonderful World of Christmas released in 1971.
 Of Wind and Weeping is the first album by the one-man metal band Mirrorthrone.
 Modified is the second full-length album by Save Ferris. It was released on October 19 1999.
 Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor commonly referred to as Food & Liquor is the debut studio album by American recording artist Lupe Fiasco released on September 19 2006 on 1st & 15th Entertainment and Atlantic Records. The album features production from The Neptunes Kanye West Mike Shinoda Craig Kallman Prolyfic Needlz Soundtrakk and Brandon Howard. Jay-Z Chill and Fiasco himself are credited as the executive producers for the album.
 The Pentateuch of the Cosmogony is the combination of a hardback book and double vinyl album released in 1979 conceived written and illustrated by Patrick Woodroffe with music written and performed by Dave Greenslade.
 Revenue Retrievin': Overtime Shift is the 13th studio album by American rapper E-40 it was released on March 29 2011 simultaneously with his 14th album Revenue Retrievin': Graveyard Shift the same way that he released his 11th and 12th albums.The album has 20 tracks and featured guest include B-Legit Devin the Dude Droop-E and Laroo T.H.H. among others.
 Lost Messengers: The Outtakes is the second EP by August Burns Red which was released on February 24 2009 featuring B-sides and demos from their previous album Messengers.
 Reflections of Rosemary is a 2005 album by Debby Boone. It is Boone's first full-length disc recorded at Concord Records. It was released sixteen years after her previous studio album Home for Christmas (1989).The album's name Reflections of Rosemary refers to American singer and actress Rosemary Clooney who was Boone's mother-in-law.
 Released in 2001 Adiemus IV: The Eternal Knot is the fourth album by Welsh composer Karl Jenkins as part of the Adiemus project. Inspired by Celtic history and mythology this album served as the soundtrack to the S4C International documentary The Celts. In additional to rich string orchestrations and vocals borrowing from world musical styles common to Adiemus Jenkins adds the accompaniment of ethnic instruments such as the Uilleann pipes and Carnyx.
 Dan Bern (1997) is the self-titled debut full album of the Iowa native singer/songwriter Dan Bern.
 Live at the Britt Festival is a live album by Michael Nesmith released in 1999. It was recorded live at the Britt Festival in Jacksonville OR on June 19 1992. To prepare for the concert Nesmith conducted a limited U.S.
 Retriever is a 2004 album from Canadian singer-songwriter Ron Sexsmith.
 Fear Yourself is a 2003 album by Daniel Johnston. It's his 15th album and is produced by Mark Linkous of Sparklehorse. It includes an 8 page booklet with exclusive Daniel Johnston drawings.
 Alive 1990 is a recording from the Curved Air reunion concert 23 September 1990. The lineup reunited Sonja Kristina Francis Monkman Florian Pilkington-Miksa and Darryl Way sixteen years after the last time all four of them played together.Aside from the ambient introductory piece Twenty Years On all the material was taken from Curved Air's first three albums with a particular emphasis on the debut album.
 My Generation is the debut album by English rock band The Who released by Brunswick Records in the United Kingdom in December 1965.
 3 Balloons is an album by comedian/musician Stephen Lynch. According to his official website it will be his first studio album since 2000's A Little Bit Special. As of March 5 2009 it is available for purchase in MP3 format directly from WhatAreRecords.com. It was made available from other on-line stores starting the following week of March 2009.
 Fur is the second album by Jane Wiedlin released in 1988. The songs Rush Hour and Inside a Dream were released as singles and both charted on the Billboard Hot 100. The album has a slick contemporary production with mainly programmed music complemented by electric guitar and some horns.The album was written over a period of two years following the lukewarm response to previous album Jane Wiedlin and her subsequent foray into acting.
 Following the departure of percussionist Doni Schroader in 2005 Forget Cassettes' Beth Cameron recruited Nashville drummer Aaron Ford and Apollo Up!'s Jay Leo Phillips on bass guitar keys and backing vocals. The record was released in 2006 on Theory 8 Records and eventually given a European release on March 5 2007 courtesy of One Little Indian Records. The European release featured a bonus track entitled Sleeper.
 Side Two is a 2005 album by Adrian Belew.It is part of a series of albums. The other three so far to be released are Side One Side Three and Side Four. This album features the song Dead Dog On Asphalt.
 Christcrusher is the third and final full length album by black metal band Thy Serpent. It is named after the sixth track on the album. It was recorded at Tico Tico Studios and features a more traditional black metal sound.The Band considers themselves to be an Anti-Christian band rather than a black metal bandThey believe that black metal is supposed to be satanic.Since none of the band members are sataniststhey don't consider themselves to be black metal.
 Mystification is the sixth album released by the band Manilla Road. It was first issued in 1987 on Black Dragon Records then re-released in 2000 on Sentinel Steel Records. The works of Edgar Allan Poe were the main inspiration for the lyrics of this album.
 McLeod's Daughters: Songs from the Series Volume 3 is the third installment from the popular Australian Series McLeod's Daughters. There was supposed to be a 3rd CD but due to the show ending it was wondered if the 3rd CD would be produced. Unlike the previous 2 albums this album features 16 songs and not the original 12. The CD features songs from Season 4 right up until the 8th and final season.
 In a Coma: 1995-2005 is the title of the Matthew Good best of album featuring both his solo work and work from the Matthew Good Band.
 Ghetto Stories is the first collaboration album from the duo Lil Boosie and Webbie.“Ghetto Stories” went on to sell well over 15000 copies. The album sold 120000 overall in the U.S.
 Not Like Other Girls is the debut album by S.O.A.P.. It was released in 1998 by SOAP Records and Sony Music. The track Stand By You was later recorded by the UK pop group S Club 7 for their album 7.
 Behind the Sun is a 2004 album by Dive.
 It Serve You Right to Suffer (later retitled It Serves You Right To Suffer for reissue) is an album by blues singer songwriter and guitarist John Lee Hooker released on the Impulse Records label in early 1966 (catalogue no. 9103). It was part of the short-lived Impulse folk music division with the slogan adapted from their jazz promotion the new wave of folk is on Impulse!Signed to Impulse's parent label ABC Records this is the only album Hooker made for the jazz label.
 The Mission Bell is the sixth studio album by Delirious?. It was released in the UK on 7 November 2005. It was released in the US on 27 December 2005.
 Singing Between the Lines is a 2011 album by British Bhangra singer Jassi Sidhu and produced by Sidhu and longtime collaborators Aman Hayer and Rishi Rich along with four others:Honey Singh Pama Sarai Billy Sandher & PBN (Panajabi By Nature).[citation needed]
 Spyro Gyra is the first album by the jazz fusion group Spyro Gyra released in 1978. The cover shows a picture of DNA in a galaxy in space. This was the group's only record released on Amherst.
 The Best of REZ: Music to Raise the Dead was the first compilation album from American Christian rock band Resurrection Band released in 1984.
 Love as a Dark Hallway is the tenth studio album by The Flashbulb (Benn Jordan). It was released by Alphabasic on 15 March 2011 which offered the album in Digipack format as well as 350 limited edition copies that included a leather casing and bonus artwork.
 Almost in Love is the 39th album by Elvis Presley released in November 1970 on RCA Camden. Tracks include 1968's A Little Less Conversation (a re-recording of this song by Elvis for his 1968 TV Special would later be remixed by Tom Holkenborg aka Junkie XL and become a hit in 2002) and Rubberneckin a 1969 single from the film Change of Habit recorded at American Sound Studio in Memphis during the 1969 recording sessions that had produced From Elvis in Memphis and Elvis Back in Memphis.
 I Don't Want to Forget You 我不想忘記妳 is Claire Kuo's first Chinese Mandarin album.
 The Gentle Giant is an album by multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1970 and 1971 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Confusion Is Sex is the debut studio album by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth. It was released on 12 vinyl in February 1983 through record label Neutral.
 Payment of Existence is the third studio album by the Norwegian progressive/power metal band Communic.
 Radio Love Songs: The Singles Collection is a 2002 greatest hits collection by Canadian rock group 54•40. It also contains two new songs Love Rush and Plenty Emotion.Tracks from the band's 1990s albums are all grouped together and in reverse chronological order from 2000's Casual Viewin' to 1992's Dear Dear; each block is interspersed with one of the band's hits from their Warner Brothers (1984-1990) period re-recorded.
 Within is the debut release by recording artist AlyssA released on July 18 2008. Feel the Softness was nominated for Best Pop Song by The Inland Empire Music Awards in Riverside California.AlyssA collaborated with musician Deron Johnson who co-produced the album with her. Other musicians involved with the album are Bakithi Kumalo on bass James Genus on upright bass Jimmy Paxson on percussion and drums and Chris Bruce on guitar. James Sklar served as the executive producer.
 06:21:03:11 Up Evil is an album by Front 242 released in 1993.
 Bossa Nova is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris featuring some early compositions by Lalo Schifrin recorded in 1962 and released on the Vee-Jay label.
 Symphonie pour le jour où brûleront les cités (originally released as Art Zoyd 3) is the debut album of Art Zoyd released in 1976 through AZ Production Michel Besset. In 1981 the entire album was re-recorded and released on Atem Records.
 On With the Show is an album by Sherbet released in 1973. The album spent 12 weeks in the Australian charts reaching a highest point of #6.
 The Warlocks is the debut EP released by Los Angeles based neo-psychedelic rock band the Warlocks in 2000 by Bomp! Records.
 Chords I've Known is an EP by Sparklehorse released in 1996.
 Milwaukee at Last!!! is the seventh album (and second live album) by Canadian-American singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright released in the United States on September 22 2009. The album consists of live recordings from his August 27 2007 performance at the Pabst Theater in Milwaukee Wisconsin in support of his previous studio album Release the Stars (2007). Documentary film director Albert Maysles recorded a film of the same name for DVD also released on September 22 in the US.
 Mis Íntimas Razones is the 12th album by Mexican iconic pop singer Lucía Méndez It was released in 1988 as she was filmimg the telenovela El Extraño Retorno de Diana Salazar.
 Mann's World is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Mann released through Def Jam Records and Beluga Heights on August 2 2011. The album is preceded by the singles Buzzin' and The Mack which were released in October 2010 and May 2011 respectively. Mann's World features production styles crossing the genres of hip-hop and rap and was produced by J.R. Rotem.
 Jurang Pemisah ([ˈdʒuraŋ pəˈmisah]; English: Dividing Canyon) is an Indonesian pop album recorded by Chrisye in 1977. It was Chrisye's first album. Jurang Pemisah was produced and released by Pramaqua Records.After the success of Guruh Gipsy and Lilin-Lilin Kecil Chrisye was approached by Pramaqua records in 1977. They offered him a chance to record his first studio album. Working with Yockie Suryoprayogo he recorded Jurang Pemisah.
 All Star Sessions is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded between 1950 and 1955 and released on the Prestige label.
 Saw: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the film Saw. It was released October 5 2004 by Sony Music Australia only.
 Odetta is a 1963 compilation album by American folk singer Odetta. It is now out of print.Odetta is the first official compilation of Odetta songs. It features songs from The Tin Angel Odetta Sings Ballads and Blues At the Gate of Horn and Odetta At Town Hall although not necessarily versions from those albums.It had a poorer reputation than the above-mentioned original albums being seen as thrown-together by the label.
 This Is Your Way Out is the first EP record by Emarosa released May 1 2007. This is the only release that original members Chris Roetter and Madison Stolzer recorded with Emarosa. Roetter has since formed metalcore bands Agraceful and Like Moths to Flames. This is the band's only release to feature heavy metalcore influences and is also the only release by the group to be produced by Joey Sturgis.
 Garçon Pamplemousse is an album by the Northern Ireland based band Benzine Headset. It was released on Medieval Haircut Records in 2001. The lead singer Peter Wilson went on to record under the name Duke Special re-recording two songs Freewheel and Kill Me Quickly for Lucky Me.
 Inside the Computer Are All of My Feelings is a 2000 album by Ten in the Swear Jar. It is their second album and was originally released on clear 12 vinyl that plays from the inside-out (i.e. the album must be played backwards to be coherent) with a comic book. This album includes songs like I Love the Valley and San Jose Fight Song.
 M.O.B.: The Album is the debut album by hip hop group ByrdGang. The album was released digitally on June 17 2008 and the physical copy was in stores July 1 2008.The album's first single was Splash performed by Jim Jones Chink Santana Juelz Santana & NOE.
 Manilow Sings Sinatra is an album by singer-songwriter Barry Manilow released in 1998. The album was a compilation of himself singing songs originally made notable by Frank Sinatra who had recently died. The album also featured two new compositions intended as tributes to Sinatra.
 Constructive Destruction is the debut album of The Flying Luttenbachers released in 1994 through ugEXPLODE.
 Thriller is the third EP released by South Korean boy band BtoB. It was released on September 9 2013 consisting a total of 6 tracks with Thriller as title track and the promotional single of the album.
 Die Ärzte früher!/Der Ausverkauf geht weiter! [Die Ärzte earlier!/The sellout continues!] is the ninth album by Die Ärzte. It is a compilation of their early material (1982–1983) including the songs from Zu schön um wahr zu sein! and Uns geht's prima.... It was released after they broke up.
 Smash The Windows is the first full-length album from the DIY folk punk band Mischief Brew. The album was released in 2005 by Fistolo Records (US) and in 2006 by Gunner Records (EU). It was recorded in Williamsburg Brooklyn NY at Vibromonk Studios by Tamir Muskat and Danny Shatzky December 2004-January 2005. The album has guest appearances from members of World Inferno Guignol Evil Robot Us' and Leftöver Crack.
 Total Abandon: Australia '99 is a double live album and DVD by British hard rock band Deep Purple recorded at Melbourne Park in Melbourne Australia on 20 April 1999. Initially the album was available only in Australia (from Sept 1999). From 12 October 1999 it was made available as a mail order merchandise in Europe and later was also sold in music stores.
 The Action Packed Mentallist Brings You the Fucking Jams is an album of songs by Electronic music artist Kid 606. It is a mash up album made by splicing songs together which Kid 606 has downloaded from p2p devices. Some artists sampled include Missy Elliott Jay-Z Eminem Yello Ozzy Osbourne Radiohead the Bangles the Buggles The Prodigy and Kylie Minogue.
 Nostalgia Ultra (stylized as nostalgiaULTRA.) is the debut mixtape by American recording artist Frank Ocean released on February 16 2011. Ocean was inspired to make the mixtape after Hurricane Katrina in his native New Orleans and his subsequent relocation to Los Angeles. After joining alternative hip hop group Odd Future in 2010 he self-released the mixtape without initial promotion. Nostalgia Ultra has a unique R&B aesthetic and features surreal themes and nostalgic lyrics.
 Sport of Kings is an album by Liverpool based band Pele released in December 1993.
 Perfectly Dirty is the debut EP released by Nana Kitade's band The Teenage Kissers. The EP's first single Ghost Bitch was released physically February 20 2013 and digitally June 16 2013. The song Violent Lips was used in a commercial for the EP which appeared on MTV Japan starting September 17 2013. A music video for the song Black Skinny Bird directed by Ryoji Aoki debuted on MTV Japan on September 19th 2013.
 A Jagged Era is the debut album by American R&B group Jagged Edge which released was released on October 21 1997 (see 1997 in music). The album peaked at a disappointing #104 on the Billboard 200 while it peaked at #19 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #1 on Billboard's Heatseekers Chart.Despite its disappointing peak the album was moderately successful with sales of over 500000 copies in the United States earning a Gold certification by the RIAA.
 Message in a Box: The Complete Recordings is a four-CD boxed set by The Police containing all of their studio albums in chronological order as well as singles B-sides and tracks from various compilation albums and the Brimstone & Treacle soundtrack.Disc 1 includes live renditions of Landlord and Next to You which were recorded at the Bottom Line New York on 4 April 1979 and originally broadcast on WNEW-FM New York).Disc 3 has a live version of Driven to Tears which was recorded live at Les Arenes Frejus France 28 August 1980 and featured in Urgh! A Music War.Contrary to its title these are not the complete recordings to 1986. 
 Widowspeak is a compilation album by the singer/songwriter Lydia Lunch released in 1998 through Get Back.
 Hope You Like It is the debut album of British glam rock band Geordie.
 Allison (song) redirects here. For the Elvis Costello song see Alison (song).Bossanova is the third studio album by the American alternative rock band Pixies released in August 1990 on the English independent record label 4AD in the United Kingdom and by Elektra Records in the United States. All of Bossanova's original material was written by the band's frontman Black Francis; it marked the point where his artistic control over the band became absolute.
 Random Album Title is the third studio album by house producer deadmau5. Released on the labels Mau5trap Recordings Ministry of Sound and Ultra Records it is deadmau5's breakthrough album and his first to stylize names and titles using the now-familiar Arial Black font. The packaging of the album is the shape of a square. The album contains the singles Faxing Berlin Not Exactly and deadmau5's collaboration with Kaskade I Remember.
 The Aberrant Years is a compilation album released by Subpop Records on March 8 2012. It compiles the first four LP's of Australian postpunk band feedtime.It compiles the albums feedtime Shovel Cooper-S and Suction.
 Miles of Smiles is an EP by experimental band Black Dice released in 2004.
 Life Behind Machines is the fifth full-length studio album from Allister a pop punk band from Chicago Illinois released in the U.S. on November 6 2012.
 Then and Again (2004) is an album by the dark cabaret/darkwave artist Voltaire. It was released in 2004 by Projekt Records. Voltaire claims that this album is a collection of more serious tracks. It is true that many of the tracks are rather old but would be apparently inappropriate for older albums.The track Lovesong is a cover of the song by The Cure and appears on a tribute album to them Strange as Angels sung by Voltaire.
 MTV Unplugged in New York is a live album by the American grunge band Nirvana. It features an acoustic performance taped at Sony Music Studios in New York City on November 18 1993 for the television series MTV Unplugged. The show was directed by Beth McCarthy and first aired on the cable television network MTV on December 16 1993.
 Anthem Lights is the debut album by the American Christian boy band Anthem Lights. The album was released on May 10 2011 on Reunion Records and contains all 3 tracks from their self-titled EP which was released on February 1 2011.
 Déjà Vu is the sixth album of Blue System. Was published in 1991 by BMG Ariola and produced by Dieter Bohlen. The album contains 10 new tracks.
 Feel the Fire is Reba McEntire's third studio album. Its first single release You Lift Me (Up to Heaven) was her first top ten hit. The album is currently only available on iTunes.
 Destined to Be is the only album released by rapper McGruff. Released on June 16 1998 through Uptown Records Destined to be featured production from Uptown Records president Heavy D along with prominent hip hop producers Ty Fyffe and Warryn Campbell. The album failed to sell many copies and peaked at only 169 on the Billboard 200 though it did find better success on the R&B and Heatseekers charts.
 Tridal Production is an album by the Japanese noise group Merzbow. It features studio material and a live excerpt from Paradoxa Paradoxa. It was partially included in the Merzbox. The full release was included in Lowest Music & Arts 1980–1983.
 Caterina Valente's Greatest Hits is an album from Caterina Valente. Released in UK (1965) with Werner Müller & His Orchestra.This album includes her big hits Malagueña and The Breeze and I.The album was released in Japan in 1966 under the name De Luxe Latin Album with a laminated flipback picture sleeve.
 Heroes: Original Soundtrack is the official Heroes soundtrack. It was released on March 18 2008 by The NBC Universal Television DVD Music & Consumer Products Group. It contains recordings from Wendy Melvoin and Lisa Coleman and contributions from Panic! at the Disco Wilco Imogen Heap Bob Dylan Nada Surf and David Bowie among other artist and bands. The disc also includes the Heroes theme.
 The Complete Graz Concert is a 1962 album by jazz musician John Coltrane.
 Singles 2000 is the compilation album by a Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima released in April 2002. The album comprises all A-sides and B-Sides of her seven singles which were released from 1994 to 2000. Like its two predecessors each were released in 1987 and 1994 the songs appeared on Singles 2000 are listed reverse-chronologically.
 Muñecos de Papel is the first soundtrack album to the telenovela Alcanzar una estrella II released in 1991. It includes the first opening song for the telenovela Estrella de Ilusion performed by Zarabanda as well as the second opening song Muñeco de Papel performed by the fictional band Muñecos de Papel (Sasha Ricky Martin Bibi Gaytan Pedro Fernandez Angelica Rivera and Erick Rubin).
 Act II: The Meaning of and All Things Regarding Ms. Leading is the second release and first full-length studio album by American progressive rock band The Dear Hunter released on May 22 2007 through Triple Crown Records.The album is the second part of a six-act story. Act II begins with the death of the innominate main character's mother Ms. Terri.
 That's Why God Made the Radio is the twenty-ninth studio album by American rock band The Beach Boys released on June 5 2012 on Capitol. Produced by Brian Wilson the album was recorded to coincide with the band's 50th anniversary and is the first to feature original material since the release of Summer in Paradise in 1992. The album is also the first to feature guitarist and backing vocalist David Marks since the release of Little Deuce Coupe in 1963.
 Just as I Am is the debut album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams released on the Sound of Gospel label and produced by Thomas Whitfield who also worked with singer Vanessa Bell Armstrong on early 1980s gospel releases. Though original pressings of the vinyl and cassette release are difficult to find the album has since been re-released on CD along with another catalog album from Sound of Gospel by Wanda Nero Butler entitled New Born Soul.
 Measure for Measure is the April 1986 studio album by Australian rock synthpop band Icehouse and was the third album in the world to be recorded entirely digitally. The album which peaked at #8 on the National albums charts features the singles No Promises Baby You're So Strange Mr. Big Cross the Border and Paradise. No Promises had been released as a 7 vinyl single in November 1985 it peaked at #30 on the Australian singles charts.
 Ghost Dance is the third studio album by The Pine Hill Haints.
 Now More Than Ever is an album by Jim Guthrie. It was mastered by George Graves and sequenced by Kristian Galberg. Stephen Evans did the album's artwork.An extended edition featuring a second disc of rarities B-sides and demo versions of some of the album's songs was released in 2010.
 Dominator is the twelfth studio album by heavy metal band U.D.O. released through AFM Records on August 21 2009.A music video was released for the song Black and White.
 Close the Distance is the second and final studio album from the band Go Radio. The album was produced by James Wisner and was released September 18 2012 on Fearless.
 Sentimiento llanero (Llanero feeling) is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan singer Ángel Custodio Loyola with the record label Discomoda. This album features popular joropo pieces like Gavilán Carnaval Tierra Negra María Laya and the main theme Sentimiento Llanero.
 Fome Is Dape is the sole album from the Hip-Hop duo Little-T and One Track Mike. It was released on August 28 2001 on Lava Records and it features their one-off hit Shaniqua.The band describes Fome as Dancin' in your house in your underwear playin' air guitar to a stadium of teddy bears.
 Adults!!!: Smart!!! Shithammered!!! And Excited by Nothing!!!!!!! is an EP by Bomb the Music Industry! which was released digitally on February 8 2010 via Quote Unquote Records. It was recorded mixed and released in only five days. More recently the band has acknowledged the release as a mini-album similar to To Leave or Die in Long Island.A slightly different version of Struggler was previously released as a single on December 24 2009.
 Grin is the fifth and most recent studio album by the Swiss thrash metal band Coroner and was followed by their self-titled compilation album Coroner. It is the result of the progression of their sound from previous albums mixed with a more 'laidback' and experimental style which features a lot of repetition and longer song lengths as well as use of ambience and samples in some tracks.
 Ses plus belles histoires is a compilation album of francophone Canadian pop singer Isabelle Boulay. It includes three covers (Les ailes des hirondelles Perce les nuages and Vole colombe) and one new song (Sans toi) and was released in September 2002.
 Signos (Spanish for Signs) is the third studio album recorded by Argentine rock band Soda Stereo and released in 1986. It was remastered in 2007 at Sterling Sound Studios in New York.
 Unearthed is the first full-length album by Crimson Thorn.This album has been produced by 3 different record labels. The first issuewas released by Atomic Records but was discontinued due to the low qualityproduction. Then R.E.X. Records picked up the album and made it a better producedalbum. When they went under the R.E.X. Records version of Unearthed became a sought afteritem. The album was then produced by Morphine Records.
 Straight Up is the third album by power pop band Badfinger released on 13 December 1971. It is widely regarded as Badfinger's best album spawning two Top 20 singles in the US and being commercially successful in its own right. The album was released on the The Beatles' Apple Records label and was unavailable for many years after the label folded. It was reissued on CD in 1993 and remastered in 2010.
 For the Last Time: Live From the Astrodome is a live album released by George Strait in 2003. The title refers to the fact that this concert was the final event that took place at the Houston Astrodome.Strait's performance of She'll Leave You with a Smile was used as a promotional clip to promote the album.
 Virgin Beauty is an album by Ornette Coleman and his Prime Time ensemble. Portrait Records released the album in 1988.
 Houjoue (放生会) is a box set album by Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It was recorded while Masami Akita was writing Cruelty Free Life a book about vegetarianism and animal rights. The title itself come from the Hōjōe festival where captive animal are released back into the wild.CDs 1–3 were recorded at the same time as Merzbuta and Senmaida. CDs 4–5 are studio recordings of Merzbow's live material of the period. CD 4 features variations of material from Frog and Animal Magnetism.
 Menudo is the name of three albums by Menudo.The group released three self-titled albums in their history. The first one was in 1981 which was also released under the title Fuego.The second one was Menudo's 17th album (second in English) released in 1985 featuring Charlie Massó Roy Rosselló Robi Rosa Ricky Martin and new Member Raymond Acevedo. Raymond replaced Ray Reyes after Ray had to be forced to leave the group because he grew too tall.
 Animal House is the second and last studio album by rapper Angie Martinez. The album was written by Sacario. It debuted at #6 on Billboard R&B Hip Hop Albums chart and #11 on the Billboard 200 albums chart. Animal House lead single If I Could Go featuring Sacario and Lil Mo is Angie's biggest single to date. The album featured guest appearances by Missy Elliott Fat Joe Petey Pablo Sacario Kelis N.O.R.E and Tony Sunshine.
 Saturation is the fourth album by American alternative rock group Urge Overkill released in 1993 and produced by the Butcher Bros. Saturation was Urge Overkill's debut on Geffen Records and a deliberate attempt at a hit record. The label released Sister Havana and Positive Bleeding as singles in the U.S. and Europe.
 Dave's Picks Volume 10 is a three-CD live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead. It contains the complete concert recorded on December 12 1969 at the Thelma music venue in Los Angeles California. It was produced as a limited edition of 13000 numbered copies and was released on May 1 2014.
 Dance and Dense Denso is Mexican band Molotov's third LPreleased in 2003 through Universal Music Latino. It includes the hit Frijolero.
 Godsmack is the eponymous debut album by the alternative metal band Godsmack. The album was initially paid for by the band and released as All Wound Up before the band was signed to Universal Records and Republic Records. It was mastered at Sterling Sound in New York City. It featured a new song called Someone in London while the song Goin' Down was removed but later appeared on the band's second major album Awake.
 Sebuah Nama Sebuah Cerita (One Name One Story) is the fifth album and also the latest Peterpan's album. The album was released on 2008. First single from this album is Walau Habis Terang (English Translation:Though Light's Gone Out). The album released in two version cassette version and CD version. CD version contains 30 songs (3 new songs a new-arrengment Chrisye's song and 26 hits songs from previous album).
 Lucas is the second album by Ghostly International artist Skeletons and the first under their new name of Skeletons and the Kings of All Cities. It was released in 2007.
 Girls Will Be Girls is the first studio album by Canadian country music group Farmer's Daughter and was released in 1993 by Stubble Jumper Music.
 Telling Secrets to Strangers is the first full-length record by rock band Self Against City released on January 9 2007 via Drive-Thru Records' Rushmore imprint. Preceded by the self-produced EP Take It How You Want It (2005) the album marks the first time the band worked with a record producer.
 Chikara (Japanese for power) is a compilation album by hard rock band Kiss released in 1988 on Polystar.
 The Moon and the Melodies was a album produced by the collaboration of the Scottish group Cocteau Twins and the American composer Harold Budd. It was released by 4AD in November 1986. The album's heavily-treated guitar sounds and euphoric vocalising can be heard in the group's other work from the same period such as the EP Echoes in a Shallow Bay or the album Victorialand.
 Snakebite is an Extended Play and the first official release by Whitesnake in June 1978. This EP unto itself would not be released in the U.S. The EP initially featured four tracks but was then re-released in September 1978 as a Double Extended Play containing four extra studio tracks from David Coverdale's second solo LP Northwinds all under the title Snakebite. The EP sleeve is entitled David Coverdale's Whitesnake and features photographs of the live band in concert.
 Louder Than War is a DVD release from the Welsh rock band Manic Street Preachers. It is a recording of their live concert in the Karl Marx Theatre in Havana Cuba in 2001. The concert was notable for being the first time a western rock band had played in Cuba. Fidel Castro was in attendance and met the band before the concert.
 Heroes is an album by Denise Ho released on October 8 2009 the day before her concert “SUPERGOO’ at the Hong Kong Coliseum started. It's almost a year after her last album Ten Days in the Madhouse her 2009 new album titled Heroes backed by her songwriting partners Wyman Wong Hanjin Tan and her older brother Harris Ho Denise offers 10 new songs intended to empower listeners to find the superheroes within themselves and share the positive energy of each other.
 Priest...Live! is the second live album (and 12th overall) by Judas Priest recorded at The Omni Atlanta Georgia on 15 June 1986 and the Reunion ArenaDallas Texas on 27 June 1986.
 Drum-Believable is the second album released by Johnny Kalsi's Dhol Foundation. It was released in 2005 by Shakti Records and features special guests including Máiréad Nesbitt on fiddle Ustad Sultan Khan on vocals and sarangi Sonia Panesar and Bee2 on vocals and Transglobal Underground as producers.
 Paranoia e Potere (in English Paranoia and Power) is the first official album of the Italian band Punkreas.Made up of thirteen new songs Paranoia e Potere became the album which introduced Punkreas in the mainstream Italian punk scene. The album was recorded in a month in analogue. The low quality of the technology made the sound more rough and hard making the album more hardcore.
 Highest Hopes: The Best of Nightwish is the third compilation album by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish. Their first Tales from the Elvenpath was considered incomplete by many fans as it contains only tracks from Oceanborn Over the Hills and Far Away Wishmaster and Century Child leaving out Angels Fall First.
 Sailboat is the fifth studio album (sixth total album) released by singer/songwriter Jonathan Edwards.
 Sammi Shocking Colours 2001 Concert Live (DVD) is a live concert recorded at the Hong Kong Coliseum by a Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng during the Shocking Colours Tour.Shocking Colours Concert features 愛的呼喚 featuring Aaron Kwok 愛是... with LMF and her supporting album of the concert 螢光粉紅. Sammi wore a Japanese-looking dress while sing 獨家試唱 and a sexy pink outfit while singing 發熱發亮 and 煞科.
 0304 is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Jewel. It was released on June 3 2003 by Atlantic Records. Inspired by the sudden success of scoring a number-one hit on the US Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart with Serve the Ego—the final single from her previous album This Way—in early November 2002 Jewel decided to make a radical departure from her previous folk-oriented musical efforts and recorded a dance album.
 Undeniably the Whitlams is the second studio album by Australian band The Whitlams released by Black Yak / Phantom in 1994. Due to popular request it was re-released in 2001 as Undeniably The Whitlams - Reworked. It is their last album to feature guitarist Stevie Plunder.
 Wishbone Four is the fourth studio album by British rock band Wishbone Ash released in 1973. It was a departure from their previous album Argus in that it lacked that recording's overall cohesion and atmosphere and the loose conceptual framework of a stately pastoral and warring medieval England.
 EP is an extended play by American alternative rock band Matchbox Twenty. The EP comprises six songs five of them being live and acoustic versions of songs from the band's previous three albums. The final track is the previously unreleased Suffer Me. EP also includes an enhanced CD of a performance by the band at The Troubadour.
 Don't Cheat in Our Hometown is the sixth studio album by American country music artist Ricky Skaggs. It was released in 1983 via Epic Records. The album peaked at number 1 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Pesni tibetskikh lam (Russian: Песни тибетских лам; lit. Songs of Tibetan Lamas) is the first album by the Russian singer Linda released in June 1994.
 Sugarfist is the fourth full-length album by the Christian pop punk band Eleventyseven. It was released on October 26 2011 under Sony Japan. The album was officially released on iTunes on November 7 2011. The regular album contains five out of the six songs that were on the previous EP release by the band entitled Quota plus seven new songs.
 This article describes the 26th album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 26 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 26 or Now 26 was released in 1993. The album is the 26th edition of the (UK) Now! series.
 Harvest Of Hits is an original jazz compilation by Nat King Cole released by Capitol Records in 1952. Both a 10 inch (33-1/3rpm) LP version containing 8 tracks and a 6 track boxed set of three 7 inch (45rpm) discs was released.
 This Film's Crap Let's Slash the Seats is the debut album by David Holmes originally released in 1995. It was reissued in the US with a bonus CD of remixes and B-sides in 1998.
 The Golden Section is a 1983 album by English musician John Foxx. A progression from the sound of The Garden (1981) Foxx called The Golden Section a roots check: Beatles Church music Psychedelia The Shadows The Floyd The Velvets Roy Orbison Kraftwerk and cheap pre-electro Europop.The album was Foxx's first work with a producer since his final Ultravox album Systems of Romance in 1978; The Golden Section was co-produced by Zeus B.
 Kaleidoscope is the second solo album released by former Helloween guitarist Roland Grapow.
 Horizontal is the fourth studio album by the Bee Gees and the second to receive an international release. The LP was released in early 1968 and included the international hit singles Massachusetts and World. On 5 February 2007 Reprise Records reissued Horizontal with both stereo and mono mixes on one disc and a bonus disc of unreleased songs non-album tracks and alternate takes. The album was released in Polydor in many countries and on Atco only in the US and Canada.
 Antisocial is the first full-length album released by Turn an Irish rock trio from Kells County Meath. Turn began recording the album around 1998 and one of the tracks (Beretta) appeared on the Check My Ears EP which the band released in 2000.
 2014 BRIT Awards is a compilation and box set which includes the 62 biggest tracks from the past year. The box set has three discs with a total of sixty-two songs by various artists.
 Sixteenth album by the German progressive rock band Eloy released in 1994. As of this album Klaus-Peter Matziol returned as a full member of the band.
 1989 is the debut album by Jacopo Sarno published 29 May 2009.The album boasts collaborations important due to the presence of foreign authors the likes of Sebastian Thott Didrik Thott Ken Rose and Italians Claudio Guidetti author of songs Eros Ramazzotti and Agliardi Nicholas co-author of some songs by Laura Pausini. On May 9 2010 the album sold over 20000 copies.
 Wild Together is the second extended play by American country music group Carter's Chord. It was released on May 24 2011 by Show Dog-Universal Music as the follow-up to Carter Chord's 2008 debut EP Carter's Chord.
 Didn't It Rain is the second studio album by English actor and musician Hugh Laurie.Recorded in Ocean Way Studios in Los Angeles the album contains several blues songs (like its predecessor). Unlike his previous album however Laurie also branches further into other Southern US and South American genres including jazz R&B and tango.Similarly to Let Them Talk Laurie once again plays piano and guitar and often provides vocals.
 'Catacombs' is the fourth full-length album by Cass McCombs released on June 1 2009 in the UK and on July 7 in North America via Domino Records. The first single Dreams Come True Girl was released on May 25 2009. The single also features Academy Award-nominee Karen Black as backing vocals. The album was voted one of the 50 greatest albums of 2009 by Pitchfork Media. Music videos have been released for the songs Dreams-Come-True-Girl You Saved My Life and The Executioner's Song.
 B*Witched is the self-titled debut studio album by Irish girl group B*Witched. The album was released on 12 October 1998 under the Epic Records imprint Glowworm Records along with Jollibee's 20th anniversary.Despite only reaching number three on the UK Albums Chart the four singles from the album all reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: C'est la Vie Rollercoaster To You I Belong and Blame It on the Weatherman.
 Family Tree is a compilation album by N.W.A. It features 3 of the original 5 members of N.W.A as well as guest performances by Westside Connection Snoop Dogg and Xzibit.
 Wizz Jones is the 1969 album by the pioneer British Folk musician Wizz Jones. This was Jones' debut solo album despite being a performer since 1959.
 Extol is the fifth full-length studio album by the Norwegian Christian progressive death metal band Extol released in 2013. It was described by music critics as a mixture death and progressive metal with some melodic elements. Reviews of the album were very positive and it also managed to chart on the Billboard Top Christian Albums chart.
 El Concierto Sinfónico is the second live album by Puerto Rican rock band Fiel a la Vega and their fourth album overall. The album was recorded with the Puerto Rico Symphony Orchestra at the Luis A. Ferré Performing Arts Center in Santurce Puerto Rico during the concerts the band held from March 26–28 2001.
 Good & Evil is the second studio album of the American rock band Tally Hall. It was said that this album would have been considered Tally Hall's debut record with Atlantic Records since the previous release was merely a re-release of Marvin's Marvelous Mechanical Museum. Due to unknown circumstances it was released on June 21 2011 under their original label Quack! Media.
 Sessions at West 54th is a solo live album released in 2000 by New Zealand singer-songwriter Neil Finn as part of the US live musical television series Sessions at West 54th. The album was recorded in 1999 and features mostly songs from Finn's debut solo album Try Whistling This however also included two songs (Fall at Your Feet and Don't Dream It's Over) from his group Crowded House and one (I Got You) from his earlier group Split Enz.
 Turn on the Bright Lights is the debut studio album by American post-punk revival band Interpol released in August 2002. The album was recorded in November 2001 at Tarquin Studios in Connecticut and was co-produced mixed and engineered by Peter Katis and Gareth Jones. It was released on August 19 2002 in the United Kingdom and August 20 in the United States through independent record label Matador Records. Upon release the record peaked at number 101 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Ukulele Songs is the second solo studio album by American singer and Pearl Jam frontman Eddie Vedder. It was released on May 31 2011. The album is composed of original songs and covers.
 Flight to Romance is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan composer/arranger/conductor Aldemaro Romero released in 1956 under contract with RCA Victor. After a very successful series of records whose names began with Dinner in ... featuring popular Latin American pieces starting in 1955 with Dinner in Caracas Romero released Flight to Romance with folk music of the Andes.
 Skintight is the third album by Leaves' Eyes female vocalist and lyricist Liv Kristine. It was released in August 2010 on Napalm Records.
 Sugar Hunter: The Best Love Songs of Chara (シュガー・ハンター・ザ・ベスト・ラブ・ソングズ・オブ・チャラ Shugā Hantā za Besuto Rabu Songuzu obu Chara) is a greatest hits album by Chara featuring her Sony material which was released on September 5 2007. It debuted at #14 on the Japanese Oricon album charts and charted in the top 300 for 12 weeks. It eventually sold 65328 copies.The album was released to coincide with the 10 year anniversary of her million selling album Junior Sweet.
 Uprising is the sixth full length album by Swedish metal band Entombed. It was released in 2000. Album was recorded at Das Boot Studios and produced by Nico Elgstrand and Entombed.
 Morgane de toi is the sixth studio album from French artist Renaud recorded in Canoga Park Los Angeles California with American session musicians. It was released in 1983 under the Polydor label and a remastered version was reissued in 2000.It remains one of Renaud's most successful albums to date including two of his most famous songs the sea tale Dès que le vent soufflera and the ballad Morgane de toi about his daughter Lolita.
 Never Love You Enough is the fifth studio album released by American country music artist Chely Wright. Its first two tracks — the title track and Jezebel — were both released as singles both peaking in the mid-20s on the Billboard country charts. The latter was co-written by Jay DeMarcus bass guitarist for the group Rascal Flatts. Trisha Yearwood sings background vocals on the track Wouldn't It Be Cool and Phil Vassar on For the Long Run.
 Dovetail Joint is Dovetail Joint's debut label release. The album is also known as The Black Album due to the black background used throughout the album insert as well as the disc itself. Only 5000 copies were manufactured. It was recorded from April 1995 to June 1995 at Warzone Recorders in Chicago Illinois and released on September 1 1995.
 This is about the album. For the phrase see Ewige Blumenkraft.Blumenkraft is Ott's first album. It was released in May 2003 on Twisted Records. The title of the album is a loose German translation of the phrase flower power.
 Infidels is the twenty-second studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan released on October 27 1983 by Columbia Records.Produced by Mark Knopfler and Dylan himself Infidels is seen as his return to secular music following a conversion to Christianity three evangelical gospel records and a subsequent return to a secular culturally Jewish lifestyle.
 Live at the Avalon is the second live EP released by rock band Coheed and Cambria. Much like their previous EP Live at La Zona Rosa (Which was packaged with In Keeping Secrets of Silent Earth: 3) Live at the Avalon was packaged with their 2005 release Good Apollo... when bought at Best Buy. However unlike the Live at La Zona Rosa EP this was not recorded at a festival of sorts but during Coheed and Cambria's 2005 summer tour.
 Slam is the third and final full-length album from Boston band Big Dipper. The album was released in 1990 on Epic Records.
 Dead End is the second album of original material by the band The Newlydeads.Shortly after this album Taime Downe reformed Faster Pussycat taking Xristian Simon Danny Nordahl and Chad Stewart with him.
 Christmas Celebration is a compilation album by Mannheim Steamroller. It is the group's seventh Christmas album overall. The album was released in 2004 on CD and DVD by American Gramaphone to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the group's first Christmas album. The album features eighteen Christmas songs in progressive rock and Renaissance styles and includes two new tracks: Celebration and a vocal version of the previously released Traditions of Christmas.
 Spectrum is an album by saxophonist Illinois Jacquet recorded in 1965 and originally released on the Argo label. The album was one of the last to be released on Argo before Chess Records changed the name to Cadet and subsequently appeared with both labels.
 Peace Between Nations EP is a 2005 album by reggae-rock band State Radio headlined by former Dispatch vocalist Chad Urmston. It features some of the more mellow acoustic work that characterized their last album the Simmer Kane EP along with some throwbacks to their original rock style of Flag of the Shiners such as 'The Diner Song' and 'Democracy in Kind'.
 New Train is an album by Paul Pena recorded in 1973 and released in 2000. The album was recorded at Bearsville Records and produced by Ben Sidran (keyboardist for the Steve Miller Band).
 Fiori di polvere is the first album from Italian pop band E.V.A. produced by Andrea Piraz. It was released on 5 May 2006.
 M'Ocean is an album of electronic ambient music by the U.S. musician Michael Stearns. It is a collection of seven pieces either live performances or studio engineered tracks produced between 1978 and 1982.The album was given a first release under Michael Stearns' own label Continuum Montage in 1983 with the title Light Play. It was reissued as M'Ocean on CD the following year by Sonic Atmospheres after Stearns signed to them.
 Loose Blues is an album by jazz pianist Bill Evans released on the Milestone label featuring performances by Evans with Zoot Sims Jim Hall Ron Carter and Philly Joe Jones recorded in 1962. It was recorded for the Riverside label but eventually dropped mostly because of Riverside forthcoming bankruptcy and the pressures of Verve producer Creed Taylor - he wanted Evans on his Verve label.
 Rock On Honorable Ones!! is Bowling for Soup's third studio album. The title is a reference to the slogan of S.H. Rider High School in Wichita Falls Texas where Bowling for Soup hails from. Based on the practice of Permian High School in Odessa Texas (subject of Friday Night Lights) which is nicknamed MOJO Rider High adopted the slogan ROHO in the 1960s.
 Obojeni program (Colored Program) is the debut compilation album by the Serbian indie/alternative rock band Obojeni Program released by the Serbian independent record label Music YUser in 1993 and consists of the material from the first two studio albums Najvažnije je biti zdrav and Ovaj zid stoji krivo released in 1990 and 1991. The compilation was reissued in 1996 by Tarcus records and remastered and reissued in 2011 by Odličan Hrčak.
 Living in England EP is an EP by the Australian band The Screaming Jets. The only single that was taken off this release was Living In England (AUS#19-July 92).
 This article describes the third album in the Israeli Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 3 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 3 was released in 2000. It is the final double disc in the Israeli Now series.
 Live Phish Vol. 3 was recorded live at the Darien Lake Performing Arts Center in Darien Center New York on September 14 2000. The show was part of the band's final tour before taking an indefinite extended hiatus three weeks later.The show is known for three improvisational excursions that made it popular among fans.
 7... is the seventh studio album by Mint Condition released on April 5 2011. It is the first album the band has released on the label Shanachie Records. The album title refers to this being their seventh album in their 20 years of performing. At under 46 minutes it also is distinctive as being the shortest album in their catalog.
 The Morning Passengers EP is the acoustic sessions album recorded and produced by Green River Ordinance. GRO returns to their Texas roots by opening with folky strumming and picking on this brand new acoustic soundtrack. This in combination with rootsy gear like harmonica banjo mandolin and warm tones from an old Hammond organ allow GRO to create some raw acoustic tones that customers have loved.
 Gods of War Live is the third live album by heavy metal band Manowar. It was recorded in 2007 during the band's tour promoting the Gods of War album.
 Simple Love is the seventh album by American folk rock musician David Dondero released on August 24 2007 by Team Love Records. It came two years after his first release with Team Love South of the South.
 Ultimate Collection is the compilation by worship leader Matt Redman which features songs from his studio and live albums.
 Human Drama Song of Betrayal Part One was released by Triple X in 1999.
 Big Shiny Tunes  is the fourth edition of the MuchMusic compilation series Big Shiny Tunes. The album was very successful in Canada reaching #1 on the Canadian Albums Chart and being certified 8x Platinum (800000 units) by the CRIA.
 The North Atlantic Current (also known as North Atlantic Drift and North Atlantic Sea Movement) is a powerful warm ocean current that continues the Gulf Stream northeast. West of Continental Europe it splits into two major branches. One branch goes southeast later to become the Canary Current as it passes northwest Africa and turns southwest. The other major branch continues north along the coast of northwestern Europe.
 Revenge of the O.C. Supertones is the seventh album and the final studio album released by The O.C. Supertones.
 Straight Checkn 'Em is the second studio album by American rap group Compton's Most Wanted released July 16 1991 on Orpheus Records. It peaked at number 23 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 92 on the Billboard 200.Along with a single a music video was produced for the song Straight Checkn 'Em. The song Growin' Up in the Hood was originally heard in the film Boyz n the Hood and was also released as a single and a music video to promote the film's soundtrack.
 Anthology is a 2005 double compilation album of Pete Townshend's solo career. The album was originally released in Europe by SPV/Revisited Records on 10 October 2005. The US release by Hip-O Records were released on 15 November 2005 as part of the Gold album series with alternate cover and reduced pricing but identical content.
 Sumerian Daemons is the sixth studio album by the Greek death metal band Septic Flesh. It was released by Hammerheart Records (now known as Karmageddon Media) in 2003. It was originally the band's final album before they disbanded later the same year until they reformed in 2007.
 Sings the Songs of Dallas Frazier is an album by American country music artist George Jones. It was released in 1968 on the Musicor Records label. All songs on the album were written by Dallas Frazier. The list of musicians on the album is unavailable but many sources state that Pappy Daily often used guitarist Zane Ashton among other musicians on a regular basis.
 Disposability is the fifth album by Steve Lacy and was released on the Italian RCA label in 1966. It features three tunes written by Thelonious Monk one by Cecil Taylor one by Carla Bley and four by Lacy performed by Lacy Aldo Romano and Kent Carter.
 Transnational is the ninth studio album by the German based alternative electronic band VNV Nation released on October 11 2013 in Europe and on November 19 2013 in America under Anachron Sounds.It charted in the mainstream chart in Germany at no. 9 (2 weeks total) in Switzerland at no. 99 (1 week total) and in Belgium at no. 132 (1 week total).
 Blackfield is the debut album by the art rock band Blackfield released on the Snapper Music/Helicon labels in February 2004. The album was re-released in August of the same year with an additional three-track bonus disc followed by a later pressing that contains the album and the three bonus tracks all on one CD.Two songs are covers in English of earlier Aviv Geffen songs in Hebrew Cloudy Now (עכשיו מעונן) from 1993 and Scars (צלקות) from 2000.
 The Club Remixes is a remix album by the American pop band Selena Gomez & the Scene released in January 4 2011 by the Hollywood Records.
 The Original Rude Girl is the second studio album by Puerto Rican reggaeton recording artist Ivy Queen released on December 15 1998 by Sony Music Latin. It is the follow up studio album to Queen's debut effort En Mi Imperio released in 1997. The album includes Queen's debut single In The Zone featuring Wyclef Jean which helped to increase the album and Queen's exposure to American audiences.
 Sunset Studies is the first studio album by the Australian indie rock band Augie March. It was released in 2000 in Australia by BMG.
 Livealbum of Death is the only live album by Farin Urlaub incorporating his live-band Farin Urlaub Racing Team (FURT). At the same time it's the third album of Urlaub. It was released on February 3 2006 as a CD- and a vinyl-edition the latter consisting of six 7 discs. Each of the twelve sides of the vinyl-edition was named after one FURT-Member.
 Stories Told & Untold is a reprise album by hard rock band Bad Company released in 1996. It was the last with the 1995 line-up of Bad Company including Robert Hart who had replaced Brian Howe on lead vocals. This album features re-recordings of Bad Company's biggest hits along with new songs.
 Death is Essential is an album by the Melodic death metal band Crimson Death. It was recorded between July and September 2005. It was released in 2006 by Podre Productions.
 Make the Light is the ninth studio album by folk musician Kate Rusby released on November 22 2010 on Pure Records. The album is the first to feature songs written solely by Rusby; an idea suggested by actress Jennifer Saunders whom Rusby had previously worked with on the show Jam & Jerusalem.Self-produced by Rusby alongside her brother Joe Rusby the album features a variety of different musicians including Rusby's husband Damien O'Kane.
 Pete Yorn's Westerns EP was available during his Summer 2006 You & Me Acoustic Tour (both in-store performances and concerts) as well as some locations for the subsequent Nightcrawler tour.
 21 is the second studio album by English recording artist Adele. Released on 24 January 2011 in most of Europe and on 22 February 2011 in North America it was named after the age of the singer during its production. The album shares the folk and Motown soul influences of her 2008 debut album 19 but was further inspired by the American country and Southern blues music she had been exposed to during her 2008–2009 North American tour An Evening with Adele.
 Country Casanova is the third album by the band Commander Cody and His Lost Planet Airmen. It was released in 1973 on Paramount Records. The album was originally available on LP and 8-track and later cassette.
 I Remember (我記得) is the fifth studio album by Taiwan rock singer Shin.
 No More Songs About Sleep and Fire is the eighth album by American alternative rock band Poster Children released in 2004. The version released on enhanced CD-ROM features a layered front cover design and is enhanced with the video for Western Springs. The CD-ROM also features an album-length commentary track which is one of the first ever recorded for a non-visual medium. The vinyl issue features an exclusive lyric sheet.
 Salvador is the first studio album released by the Christian band Salvador in 2000.
 Marginal EP is the third album of the Belgian rock band Dead Man Ray. It was released in 2001. It is a compilation of random outtakes bizarre cutups and b-sides of previous recording sessions.
 The Burning Circle and Then Dust is the fourth studio album by the American Dark Wave band Lycia released on April 3 1995 through Projekt Records. It was remastered and edited to fit on a single disc and re-released by Silber Records in 2006.
 New Protection is the only album by progressive power metal band Ride the Sky. A video was made for the title track of the album. The limited edition digipak and US version includes the bonus track Make the Spirit Burn.
 Thirst is an album by Randy Stonehill released in 1998 on Brentwood Music.
 The Journey Within is the debut album by Bernie Williams who at the time of its release was still an outfielder for the New York Yankees. Released on July 15 2003 through GRP Records Williams played both lead and rhythm guitar on the album and also composed seven of the album's songs. The album managed to peak at 151 on the Billboard 200 and 3 on the Top Contemporary Jazz album charts.
 The Lost Cabin and the Mystery Trees is an album by Roots music band Lost Dogs released on Fools of the World records in 2006.
 Family Tree is an album by American world music/jazz group Oregon featuring Ralph Towner Paul McCandless Glen Moore and Mark Walker recorded in April 2012 and released on the CAM Jazz label.
 Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the licensed soundtrack to the 1997 Twentieth Century Fox film Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie it was released by Mercury Records on March 18 1997 on Audio CD and Compact Cassette.
 What Is There to Say (or more completely What Is There to Say: Joe Pass Solo Guitar) is a live album by jazz guitarist Joe Pass recorded in 1990 and released posthumously in 2001.
 Neck and Neck is a collaborative album by American guitarist Chet Atkins and British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler released on October 9 1990 by Columbia Records. Poor Boy Blues was released as a single and in 1991 won a Grammy Award for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals.
 Goodbye Spaceblade is the second album by Sywnthkrawft. The process of making the album has been troublesome because the band couldn't find a producer to the album. Also it was during the first sessions the guitarist Daniel Thyberg left the group. The album was in planning as late as the late summer of 2006. Most of the album was recorded during some sessions in the autumn of 2006 and in the spring of 2007.
 9888a is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It was recorded on September 8 1988 hence the title.
 Wildwood Flower is the last album from June Carter Cash. It was released in 2003 on the Dualtone record label. It was produced by John Carter Cash.
 Bellissima! is a 1988 album by the Japanese group Pizzicato Five.
 Hag is an album by country singer Merle Haggard released in 1971. It was his first album with a majority of original songs in two years. It reached #1 on the Billboard Country album chart and #66 on the Pop album chart. The album spawned four hit singles: Jesus Take a Hold I Can't Be Myself Soldiers Last Letter and Sidewalks of Chicago all of which reached #3 on the Country singles chart.Hag was reissued along with Let Me Tell You About a Song on CD by Beat Goes On Records in 2002.
 From Newport to the Ancient Empty Street in L.A is a bootleg recording of live performances by Bob Dylan. It contains recordings of Dylan performing at the Newport Folk Festival in July 1964 and July 1965. There are also recordings of Dylan performing at the Hollywood Bowl in September 1965. It contains one performance omitted from the film The Other Side of the Mirror which documents Dylan's Newport performances.
 Old Fashioned Love is an album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey released in 1975. It is credited on the cover to John Fahey & His Orchestra.
 Corona Borealis (Northern Crown) is the second full-length album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Cadacross. It was released in November 2002 by Low Frequency Records.
 Together Again/My Heart Skips a Beat or simply Together Again is an album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos released in 1964. The double-sided single Together Again/My Heart Skips a Beat reached Number one on the Billboard Country charts.
 Iz in Concert: The Man and His Music is an album by the Hawaiian musician Israel Kamakawiwoʻole released in 1998 one year after his death in 1997.
 Hand of Glory is the tenth final studio album by Royal Trux. It is composed of recordings made 1985 to 1989 and was released by Drag City in 2002.
 Brown and Orange is an album by the Australian folk comedian The Bedroom Philosopher (Justin Heazlewood) released in February 2009.
 Trashed Lost & Strungout is a single and an EP released by the melodic death metal band Children of Bodom on Spinefarm Records. It was released on October 25 2004. Unlike most EPs it was released on CD and DVD. The CD includes 3 other songs and the DVD includes the single and 9 other songs. This track has also appeared in Children of Bodom's album Are You Dead Yet?.
 6 is a collection of six singles by Dutch musical group The Ex. The singles were available in record shops and also through a subscription with a new one being issued every two months throughout 1991. Each of the singles explored different facets of The Ex's musical relationships and interests having featured collaborations with an array of musicians and other artists. The 6 singles were not released on The Ex's CD collection Singles. Period.
 N of tha World is the seventh studio album by Natas. Released in 2006 it is the group's first album released by Reel Life Productions since 1999's WicketWorldWide.COM. It contains no newly recorded material by Natas which broke up in 2002. Despite being termed as a Natas album the only track by the group is N of tha World. The rest of the album consists solely of collaborations between Esham and T-N-T recorded for Psychopathic Records during his time with the label.
 MX is the second album by David Murray to be released on Bob Thiele's Red Baron label. It was released in 1993 and features performances by Murray Ravi Coltrane Bobby Bradford John Hicks Fred Hopkins and Victor Lewis. The album is dedicated to the memory of Malcolm X.
 McCoy Tyner and the Latin All-Stars is an album by McCoy Tyner released on the Telarc label in 1999. It was recorded in July 1998 and features performances of by Tyner with Gary Bartz Claudio Roditi Dave Valentin Avery Sharpe Ignacio Berroa Johnny Almendra and Giovanni Hidalgo.
 Learning to Be Silent is the third album by composer C.W. Vrtacek released in 1986 through Cordelia Records. Despite never being individually issued on CD the album can be found in its entirety on the anthology Silent Heaven.
 History of Now is a 2005 album by Preston Reed and was the second release on Reed's own label.It contains six new compositions — the other eight tracks are re-recorded and sometimes varied interpretations of some of Reed's previously released compositions. Four tracks are from the out-of-print title Border Towns. The song Corazon was originally released on the video Preston Reed in Concert.On this release Reed performs on solo acoustic classical and electric guitars.
 The Tired Sun is debut EP by New Zealand band Able Tasmans released on Flying Nun Records in 1985.
 Negotiations and Love Songs is a collection of Paul Simon's songs from 1971-1986. The title of the compilation is taken from a line in the song Train in the Distance.
 It's in There… And It's Got To Come Out! is singer Kate Taylor's third album released in 1979.It's in There failed to reach its public. After this release Taylor took a break from the music industry for the next two decades during which time she appeared sporadically as a performer and back-up singer for various other artists not releasing another album herself until 2003.
 Renaissance is the seventh studio album by the Village People released in 1981. The title reflects the band's departure from the disco genre with which they had long been associated to a New Wave style following the downfall of disco as well as the discontinuation of their signature costumes.[citation needed]The album failed commercially and critically[citation needed] and most were turned off by the unexpected change in direction.
 The Pebbles Box is a 5-LP box set of mid-1960s garage rock and psychedelic rock recordings primarily by American bands. Several years later a similar 5-CD box set was released that was called the Trash Box. The Pebbles Box purports to collect the first five volumes of the Pebbles series although there are fewer songs than on the original LPs: 72 total tracks on the five discs as compared with 86 on the original LPs.
 Beat Off is the third full length album by pop punk band The Queers.
 American Dream is the second EP by pop rock band Rocky Loves Emily released on November 22 2010 by Tooth & Nail Records. It was produced by Casey Bates and is the follow-up to the band's independent debut the What What What EP.
 Elements of Corrosion is the third and final release by technical death metal band Oppressor. It was released in 1998.
 The Enraged Will Inherit the Earth was the second album by the band McCarthy. It was released in March 1989 by Midnight Music.
 Lovin' and Learnin' Tanya Tucker's fifth album (mislabeled as Livin' and Learnin') was the one that started her long association with producer Jerry Crutchfield who would eventually produce fourteen of Tucker's albums (although not consecutively). The two charting singles from the album were Don't Believe My Heart Can Stand Another You at #4 and You've Got Me to Hold on To at #3 on the Billboard Country Singles chart while the album itself was a #3 Country Album.
 Neu! '75 is the third studio album by the Krautrock band Neu!.It was recorded and mixed at Conny Plank's studio between December 1974 and January 1975. It was released in 1975 by Brain Records and officially reissued on CD on May 29 2001 by Astralwerks in the US and by Grönland Records in the UK. Illegal bootleg CDs (derived from vinyl) had been available in the latter half of the 1990s on the 'Germanofon' label.
 Chega de Saudade is the debut album from João Gilberto and is often credited as the first bossa nova album. The title can be translated roughly as enough longing though the Portuguese word saudade carries with it more complex meaning.In 2001 the album was made an inaugural member of the Latin Grammy Hall of Fame.It was listed by Rolling Stone Brazil as one of the 100 best Brazilian albums in history.
 The Essential Barry Manilow was a compilation album released by singer and songwriter Barry Manilow in 2005. The album consisted of two CDs with a total of 34 tracks as part of The Essential series by Sony BMG. In 2010 a limited edition three CD version was released with 8 additional songs.
 Legal Hustle is a compilation album by Queensbridge rapper Cormega.
 Hey Brother Pour the Wine is a 1964 compilation album by Capitol Records released after Dean Martin moved to Reprise Records. It collects several non-LP singles and album tracks recorded by Dean while with Capitol.
 O Şarkılar... Hakkı Yalçın Şarkıları is a collection of songs written by Hakkı Yalçın. As his retirement as a lyricist and journalist Hakkı Yalçın released this special album which contains some lyrics he wrote during his musical career. Every song is performed by a different Turkish artist. There's only one video taken for this album that for Sen Gittin mi Ben Ölürüm.
 Reach Up and Touch the Sky sometimes called Reach Out and Touch the Sky is a 1981 double live album by Southside Johnny & The Asbury Jukes. Released on Mercury Records in 1981 to satisfy the contract of the band which had recently broken up it was a moderate commercial success charting in the United States and reviving the band's flagging sales. It was also critically well received. In 2003 the Rough Guide to Rock indicated that the album was the band's defining moment.
 Sky 3 is the third album by English/Australian instrumental band Sky released in 1981. It reached number three in the British Albums chart.
 Live in Yugoslavia is a live album from the punk band the Anti-Nowhere League. It was recorded in Moša Pijade Hall in Zagreb Yugoslavia on April 24 1983 and released and pressed later in the same year in England on I.D Records. The CD was anecdotally edited to remove foul language and crude references to the recently deceased former president Tito but nothing was edited or removed on the original 1983 vinyl release. The LP was recorded live using the mobile equipment of Radio Zagreb.
 Entombed is a 1997 self-titled album by Swedish metal band Entombed that compiles previously released EPs and several previously unreleased tracks.
 Guilty is a remix single by Gravity Kills released by TVT Records. It also includes the album version of the song and tracks 6 and 7 include both the remix by tomandandy and the demo version of Goodbye.The Juno Reactor remix of the song was featured in the Stanley Cup FMV sequence in NHL '99 and featured in the film Beowulf.
 Rainy Day Assembly is the debut album by American singer/songwriter Tess Wiley released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).
 The Elasmosaurus EP is a limited print EP by Matt Costa released in 2005. It comprises six songs recorded during the sessions for his debut album Songs We Sing but ultimately left off the album.
 Warpaint Live is a live album by American southern rock band The Black Crowes released on April 28 2009. This is the first Black Crowes live album since Freak 'n' Roll in 2006 and it features live versions of the whole Warpaint album. Recorded live on March 20 2008 at The Wiltern in Los Angeles CA. The double CD precedes the release of the live concert DVD later in 2009.
 Jetlag Dreams is an album by Departure Lounge released on September 11 2001. An all-instrumental album recorded in Nashville Tennessee it was the second to be released by the group and their first to be issued on Bella Union Records.
 The Great San Bernardino Birthday Party & Other Excursions is an album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey released in 1966. The cover simply labels the album Guitar Vol. 4 (it was his fourth release on his own Takoma label but his fifth album) while the liner notes label it The Great San Bernardino Birthday Party & Other Excursions. The title never appeared on the record labels themselves.
 Bedside Manners Are Extra is the second studio album of the British progressive rock band Greenslade released in 1973 on Warner Bros. Records. The artwork for the album cover is by Roger Dean.
 Jintara Poonlarp 24 (subtitled 'Rock mor lam'; Thai ร็อคหมอลำ)is a mor lam and luk thung album by the Thai singer Jintara Poonlarp. Released on the Master Tape label it was the second-last album in her first series of recordings and her 24th original album.
 High Society is the second studio album in 2004 by Epik High.
 Global Goon's Family Glue was Johnny Hawk's first DIY record released on J-HOK Records in 2004. It was well received and Hawk continues to release records by himself (including Junior Glue and Pure Rock). It is his first release not on the Rephlex record label.
 Inarborat Kosmos is an EP released by Negură Bunget in May 2005 in a strictly limited edition of 734 copies by Code666 Records. It was recorded at the band's own studio. For the first time the production and mixing were fully done by themselves.
 181920 (pronounced One Eight One Nine Two Zero) is Namie Amuro's first singles collection under the avex trax label. The album covers twelve singles which were released prior to her maternal hiatus in 1998. The title of the album derives from the fact that its material spans those three ages in which she recorded and performed these songs.
 Rock of Ages: The Definitive Collection is the North American version of the second compilation by British rock band Def Leppard. The 2-Disc anthology featuring 35 hit songs by the band and was released in North America on 17 May 2005.The album charted at No.
 Slow Flux is an album by Steppenwolf released in 1974 under the label Epic. In the US it was released on the Mums Records label a short-lived CBS Records subsidiary. It was the first of three albums the band created after reforming in 1974 before they disbanded again in 1976. Straight Shootin' Woman was the last Steppenwolf song to chart on the Billboard magazine Top 40. Children of the Night is hard rock song with deep lyrics.
 Under Cold Blue Stars is the third album by indie folk musician Josh Rouse. It was released in 2002 and was his last album for Slow River Records.
 Jazz Sahara is the debut album by double bassist and oud player Ahmed Abdul-Malik featuring performances recorded in late 1958 and originally released on the Riverside label.
 Home Again is the fourth studio solo album by singer Jimmy Somerville released in 2004. Sommerville's previous solo albums were Read My Lips (1990) Dare to Love (1995) and Manage the Damage (1999) Also released was the US only remix E.P. Root Beer (2000).
 Mother Mallard's Portable Masterpiece Co. is the debut album of synthesizer ensemble Mother Mallard's Portable Masterpiece Company independently released in 1973 through Earthquack Recordings.
 No Come Down is a compilation album of B-sides and outtakes by The Verve released in 1994 for Vernon Yard and Hut Recordings. It was the first release on which the original band's name Verve was changed to The Verve because of the conflict with the eponymous jazz record label (Verve).
 All Day with It is the third studio album by illScarlett released on July 10 2007. It was released in a standard edition containing one disk and as a limited edition which contained a second disk filled with bonus songs. illScarlett has gained growing popularity with this album and the first single Nothing Special as the song reached #87 on the Billboard Canadian Hot 100 and #1 on the MuchMusic Countdown. The second single was Life of a Soldier and the third single was Who's Got It?
 Affenstunde is the first album by Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1970 on Liberty Records. In 2004 SPV re-released the album with one bonus track.
 Shine On is a 2005 album by American bluegrass artist Ralph Stanley.
 Meaning and Mystery is the 26th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the Greenleaf label in 2006 and features performances by Douglas Donny McCaslin Uri Caine James Genus and Clarence Penn.
 Moon of the Chaos Eclipse is the fifth album by Runemagick. It was released as a limited edition digipak of 1000 copies in 2002 through Aftermath Music.
 Misia Single Collection: 5th Anniversary is Misia's second compilation album released on December 3 2003. It sold 52167 copies in its first week and peaked at #8. Misia Single Collection: 5th Anniversary was released by her previous label Arista Japan to commemorate her fifth anniversary.The album is certified Platinum for shipment of 250000 copies.
 I'd Rather Eat Glass is the debut album by Bijou Phillips. Released May 11 1999 on Almo Sounds.
 Reverse is the debut album from Romanian group Morandi released in 2005. It had big success in Europe. Morandi released their first single Love Me in 2004. It was successful especially in many clubs of Bucharest.
 Laughing City is the first EP of the band Eisley released after signing with Warner Bros. Records. It was released May 20 2003 on Record Collection Music.
 Bigger Better Faster More! is the only studio album released by alternative rock band 4 Non Blondes released in 1992. The first single was Dear Mr. President which bass player Christa Hillhouse told Songfacts was about the hierarchy of power and government.
 Weckt die Toten! is the debut album by the German folk metal band In Extremo. It was released on 1 May 1998 through Vielklang Musikproduktion.
 Nicholas (张栋梁首张同名专辑) is Nicholas Teo first studio album released in Taiwan.
 Looking at Bird is a studio album by American jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp and bassist Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen featuring performances recorded in 1980 and released on the Danish-based SteepleChase label. The album consists of duets on composisitions written by or associated with Charlie Parker.
 Unplugged: Live From Sugarhill Studios is the third EP from the American hard rock band Lynch Mob and the first record the band performed acoustic versions of their songs. Drummer Scot Coogan left the band and Brian Tichy (ex-Whitesnake) replaced him but for the EP he plays guitars.
 Horizons is the second album by Australian metalcore band Parkway Drive released on 6 October 2007 in Australia and 9 October 2007 internationally. Horizons was produced by Killswitch Engage guitarist Adam Dutkiewicz and recorded at Zing Studios in Massachusetts. The album debuted at #6 in the ARIA Albums Chart on 14 October 2007 and #27 in the Top Heatseekers chart. A video has been made for Boneyards.The track Feed Them To The Pigs is named after a line in the Guy Ritchie film Snatch.
 Doctor Who: Devils' Planets – The Music of Tristram Cary is a compilation of music by Tristram Cary for the television series Doctor Who. It features all the musical contributions Cary did for Doctor Who except for his music for Marco Polo (which no longer exists) and The Ballad of the Last Chance Saloon from The Gunfighters which was left off due to space reasons. The ballad eventually saw commercial release on the TV soundtrack release of that serial.
 Blackout is the third studio album by American punk rock band Hed PE. Released on March 18 2003 Blackout peaked at #33 on the Billboard 200 while its title track peaked at #21 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and at #32 on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart. A second single Other Side peaked at #40 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. The album also peaked at #102 in the United Kingdom.
 This article describes the 41st album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 41 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 41 or Now 41 was released in 1998 on audio cassette and Compact Disc.
 Live at the BBC is a compilation live album of the British progressive rock band Curved Air from sessions on: November 10 1970 (tracks 1-3) January 5 1971 (tracks 4-5) March 9 1971 (tracks 6-8) January 29 1976 (tracks 9-13)The album's liner notes give conflicting dates for the sessions.
 Party in Session: Live is a live album by Jamaican reggae singer Michael Rose.
 The Buddhafinger is the debut album by New Zealand Rock group Tadpole released June 1 2000. The album debuted in the Official New Zealand Top 40 Albums chart on August 20 2000 and peaked at #2. The album spent a total of 44 weeks in the chart.
 Beautiful Intentions is the third solo album from singer-songwriter Melanie C. The is the first album release on Chisholm's self-founded label Red Girl Records after parting ways with Virgin Records. The album was Chisholm's labour of love for a year and she previewed several tracks on her Barfly mini tour in June 2004 before going into the studio to record the tracks.
 Live Ritual – Friday the 13th is Blasphemy's first live album released in 2002.
 Raw Velvet is the second solo album by American songwriter and musician Bobby Whitlock released in 1972. The appearance of Eric Clapton Carl Radle and Jim Gordon of Derek and the Dominos was only indicated by the representation of 'dominoes' on the original inner sleeve.
 Mwng (pronounced [ˈmʊŋ]; English: Mane) is the fourth studio album by Welsh rock band the Super Furry Animals and the first by the group to have lyrics written entirely in the Welsh language. Mwng was released on 15 May 2000 on the band's own record label Placid Casual following the demise of their former label Creation. The album includes the single Ysbeidiau Heulog and reached number 11 on the UK Albums Chart following its release—the first Welsh-language album to reach the Top 20.
 Time Will Fuse Its Worth is Kylesa's third full-length album. It was released October 30 2006 by Prosthetic Records.
 New American Gospel is the second studio album by American groove metal band Lamb of God released in 2000 on Prosthetic Records. New American Gospel is the first release with Willie Adler on guitar and the first album under the name Lamb of God changing the band's name after the release of their 1999 debut album Burn the Priest. Prosthetic Records remastered and reissued New American Gospel in 2006 with four bonus tracks.
 Kunstprodukt is the debut album from the German electronic music band Miss Construction.
 Transitions is the fifth full length studio album from Los Angeles-based post-rock duo El Ten Eleven. The album was released on October 2nd 2012 and has since received favorable reviews from critics. The album features more of an electronica-influenced sound than the group's prior records.
 One Monkey Don't Stop No Show is the fourth studio album by the Atlanta-based hip hop group Goodie Mob. This album does not include one of the group's former frontman Cee Lo Green because he broke away to pursue his solo career (Cee-Lo Green and His Perfect Imperfections and Cee-Lo Green... is the Soul Machine). That left Khujo T-Mo and Big Gipp to hold up the album.
 Permission to Shine is the debut album of the Filipino band 6cyclemind. It has 12 tracks and was released under BMG Records Pilipinas in 2003.
 In Love With You (愛上了你新歌+精選) is Fann Wong (Chinese: 范文芳)'s compilation album featuring four new tracks released after a five-year break from music. It is available in Singapore only.
 The Whale EP is a self-released EP by Wild Sweet Orange. It contains 5 songs and has a running time of 20 minutes and 20 seconds.
 22 Golden Guitar Greats is a compilation album by guitarist Bert Weedon released in 1976 on the Warwick label. It reached number one in the UK Albums Chart in November 1976 making Weedon the first solo guitarist to have a number one album. It kept Stevie Wonder's Songs in the Key of Life at number two. The album also received both a gold disc and a platinum disc for sales.
 Love Surrender Forgiveness is the second EP by American shred guitarist Katrina Johansson released independently in 2007.
 This Thing Called Wantin' and Havin' It All is the title of the eleventh studio album released by the American country music band Sawyer Brown. Their fourth studio album for Curb Records it produced four hit singles on the Billboard country music charts between 1995 and 1996: the title track (#11) 'Round Here (#19) Treat Her Right (#3) and She's Gettin' There (#46).
 Apocalypto: Original Score is the soundtrack to the 2006 film of the same name by Mel Gibson. It was released on the Hollywood Records label.
 Big Band and Quartet in Concert is the fifth album Thelonious Monk released for Columbia Records featuring several Monk compositions. It was recorded live at Lincoln Center Philharmonic Hall New York New York on December 30 1963.It was called by reviewer Scott Yanow essential for all jazz collections.
 Live at Montreux 1986 is a concert video release by the British band Talk Talk of a concert at 1986 Montreux Jazz Festival. The show was part of a tour that started in April 1986 to promote the band's recent album The Colour of Spring and was to be their only appearance at Montreux from their last tour.
 DJ-Kicks: Carl Craig is a DJ album mixed by Carl Craig. It was released on 1996 on the Studio !K7 independent record label as part of the DJ-Kicks series.
 3 in Jazz is an album released on the RCA label which features tracks from three separate sessions by vibraphonist Gary Burton's Quartet Sonny Rollins & Co. and the Clark Terry Quintet recorded in 1963.
 I'll Take You On/Hungry For Your Love/Hold On To Yesterday is a 1986 single by American freestyle duo Hanson & Davis released by New York City-based electro/dance label Fresh Records.
 To the 5 Boroughs is the sixth studio album by the Beastie Boys. The album was released on June 14 2004 internationally and a day later in the United States. The album debuted #1 on the Billboard 200 with 360000 copies sold in its first week. To the 5 Boroughs was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rap Album at the 47th Grammy Awards losing to Kanye West's The College Dropout.
 The Lost 1967 Album: Rarities Vol. 1 is an album by the American folk music group The Kingston Trio recorded in 1967 and released in 2007 (see 2007 in music).
 20 Below is the second album by MC Breed. It was released on May 5 1992 for Wrap Records and was produced by Bernard Terry and DJ Flash. Though not as successful as his previous album 20 Below made it to three Billboard charts #155 on the Billboard 200 #40 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #6 on the Top Heatseekers. Two singles from the album made it to the Hot Rap Singles chart Ain't to Be Fucked With made it to #14 while Ain't Too Much Worried made it to #12.
 Free to Be Dirty! Live is a live album by Ol' Dirty Bastard in collaboration with Brooklyn Zoo. The release is in CD and DVD format.
 Human Remains is an album by Terry Allen released in 1996 by Sugar Hill Records. The album featured guest appearances by David Byrne Joe Ely Charlie and Will Sexton and Lucinda Williams.
 Helm Kbir (Arabic: حلم كبير‎) is the debut album of songs performed by the Super Star 2 runner up Ammar Hassan. The album was released to coincide with the celebrations of Eid al-Fitr.
 Muppet Beach Party is a music and comedy record released by The Jim Henson Company through BMG Kidz in 1993. The album consisted of the Muppets having an all-day beach party and performing popular songs mostly from the 1960s. Similar to The Muppet Show albums from the late 70s the album divides song tracks with Muppet dialogue. It was released in CD and cassette form with the latter including a poster with lyrics on the opposite side.
 Songs from the Mirror (1993) is the third solo album by Scottish singer Fish. It does not contain any original Fish material; instead it is a cover album featuring Fish's versions of songs by artists who inspired him before his career started. The choice of songs by Pink Floyd Genesis David Bowie The Moody Blues and others all originally from a period between 1970 and 1976 reflects Fish's taste in music when he was 12 to 18 years old.
 Music for a New Society is a studio album by John Cale released in September 1982 by ZE Records and Island Records. With the suggestion from ZE Records owner Michael Zilkha Cale performed the album mostly improvised live at Sky Line Studios in New York City.
 Self-Help is the second album released by the metalcore band Spitfire. It was released on February 28 2006 through Goodfellow Records.
 Guaranteed is Ronnie Drew's second solo album that was released in 1978 and produced by Pete St. John who wrote many of the featured tracks. Eamonn Campbell featured both as musician and musical director and John Sheahan also played on the album. Guaranteed featured many songs that Drew would later record with The Dubliners as well as tracks he had previously recorded. But there were other tracks featured which cannot be heard anywhere else.
 Head Down is the fourth album by electronic music artist Moev released in 1990. It was their last album released on Nettwerk Records and the last one featuring vocalist Dean Russell who died in 1994. The album featured Sarah MacLachlan on backing vocals in a few tracks.
 Skaters Gear 6 is a compilation album mostly of Hardcore Punk artists from USA and UK. It was originally released in 1995 in Japan as a 28 song CD. The album was compiled by Flavour Records.The American version was compiled and released in 1995.
 Mandaryna.com is the début album by a Polish singer dancer and actress Mandaryna. The album included covers of L'été indien by Joe Dassin Bo z dziewczynami by Jerzy Połomski and Here I Go Again by Whitesnake. It reached number 8 on Polish albums chart and was certified Gold in Poland.
 Zaprzepaszczone siły wielkiej armii świętych znaków (The Wasted Forces Of Great Army Of Holy Signs) is the second album by Coma released on May 29 2006.
 Nationwide: Independence Day is a compilation album presented by Too Short.
 Getting Strong! (the CD label has the subtitle of Wiggle and Learn) is the 30th album release from an Australian children's music group The Wiggles. It is The Wiggles' first studio album featuring Sam Moran. It was released on the 3rd of May 2007.
 Dreams is Miz's first Japanese-release all-English album and is practically a re-release of Story Untold. Most of the songs are there except for three new songs: If You Run (English ver) New Day (English ver) and Lay Your Love On Me (completely new song). During the recording of Lay Your Love On Me Tord Backstrom would encourage Miz from the other side of the window by mouthing No no Miz! More! More! and blowing kisses at her.
 Four Tops' Second Album (also known as Second Album) is a 1965 R&B studio album by vocal quartet the Four Tops. The album released on the Motown record label reached No. 3 on Billboard's Black Albums chart and No. 20 on Pop Albums. The album contained three hit singles. I Can't Help Myself (Sugar Pie Honey Bunch) reached No. 1 on both the Black Singles and Pop Singles charts while It's The Same Old Song was No. 2 and No. 5 respectively and Something About You reached No.
 The soundtrack to the film Sunset Boulevard was composed by Franz Waxman.In 2005 Franz Waxman's score was named #16 of the top 25 film scores in the American Film Institute's 100 Years of Film Scores list.It was released on CD in 2002 an edition that was re-recorded by Joel McNeely and the Scottish Symphony Orchestra.
 Moonlight Madness is the third solo album recorded by Barry Gibb but not released and was produced by Barry Gibb and Karl Richardson. Some of the songs from this album were released and appeared on the soundtrack Hawks. The name of this album was originally When Tomorrow Comes then My Eternal Love and finally Moonlight Madness. A bootleg version exists titled The Original Hawks. The disc features the entire unreleased album as well as a number of bonus tracks.
 When Ice Met Cream is an EP released by The Brunettes. It was released 2005 on Lil' Chief Records.
 The Devils is the name of an English electronic pop band formed by Nick Rhodes and Stephen Duffy.The first incarnation of Duran Duran in 1978 included Rhodes as keyboardist John Taylor on guitar and Duffy as songwriter/vocalist and bassist (along with Simon Colley). This lineup performed live for almost a year before Duffy and Colley left the band.
 Songs is the debut album from the American electronic musician John Maus. It was released on 27 June 2006 by the British label Upset the Rhythm.
 Post Tropical is the second full-length album by the Irish singer-songwriter James Vincent McMorrow. It marks a move away from the largely acoustic indie folk of his 2010 debut Early in the Morning towards a more soulful direction and the inclusion of electronic instruments such as a Roland TR-808 brass and strings combined with hip-hop beats and 1960s soul influences. The album was preceded in October 2013 by the single and album opening track Cavalier.
 Nipples is an American album by the alternative rock band Cartoon Boyfriend released on June 8 2000 via Drool Records.
 Acompáñame (English: Accompany me) is a studio album by Mexican pop singers Yuri and Mijares. Released on April 25 2006 the idea to record together came after both had previously performed at the Auditorio Nacional in Mexico City. The album consisted mostly of some of the most beloved Spanish love songs from the 80s. The lead single was non-cover track “Y Llegaste Tú.
 Mr. Children 2005–2010 ＜macro＞ is a compilation album by Japanese rock band Mr. Children released on May 10 2012 along with Mr. Children 2001–2005 ＜micro＞.The compilation contains singles and album tracks which were released from 2005 to 2010. It won the number 1 on the Oricon Albums Chart with sold 732000 copies in its first week the most sales in the first week of the albums which were released in 2012. Another compilation Mr.
 Made in Basing Street is the first album by the English supergroup Producers released on June 25 2012.
 In June 2001 Hosanna! Music released the praise & worship project Come Heal This Land. The album was recorded live at St. Patrick's Cathedral located in Armagh Northern Ireland. Said to be the site of St. Patrick's mission in the fifth century Armagh is considered the spiritual capitol of Ireland. It is from here that worship leader Robin Mark led a group of over 600 in worship. The project features traditional praise & worship styles not uncommon to the Hosanna! label.
 Freedom is eighth full-length studio album by Dragon Ash. It was released on March 4 2009.
 Savage is the sixth studio album by the British pop music duo Eurythmics released in 1987.The album peaked at no.7 in the UK and was certified Platinum by the BPI for sales in excess of 300000 copies.
 The Pingry EP is a very rare album by the band Tally Hall that was specially recorded for a show that the band played at The Pingry School in Martinsville New Jersey on May 13 2005.
 Something Wicked This Way Comes is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Iced Earth.
 Pleasures U Like is the third studio album by Jon B. It was the third album for him and first under Tracey Edmonds' new label Edmonds Record Group. Edmonds formed the new label after Jon's previous label home Yab Yum Records folded. On Pleasures U Like Jon reunites with past producers Babyface and Tim Kelley and Bob Robinson who each produce one song. Also present on the album is Joshua P.
 Angel of Salvation is the eighth studio album by the Japanese power metal/neo-classical metal band Galneryus released on October 10 2012. The 10-song album featured two songs from the single Hunting For Your Dream: the titular song and Temptation Through the Night the latter which was featured as a work in progress version. The full album version of Angel of Salvation is Galneryus' longest song to date at 14 minutes and 42 seconds long; twice as long as the song's music video.
 Attitude Adjuster is the twelfth studio album by rapper Pastor Troy released on February 19 2008.
 Act 2 is the second album by the progressive bluegrass band The Seldom Scene. The band continues to benefit from all their trademarks: John Starling folkie lead vocals blend with high tenors of John Duffey completed with Mike Auldridge's third vocals and Dobro solos plus all that strengthened by Tom Gray's solid bass playing not to forget Ben Eldridge's banjo and John Duffey's mandolin fancy licks.
 Sandy Lam is the debut album by the Hong Kong singer Sandy Lam. It was released under CBS Records in 1985.
 Three Mantras is an extended play by English band Cabaret Voltaire. It was released in May 1980 through record label Rough Trade.
 The Lost Pages is the debut album by The Violets released in 2007. According to Allmusic there is an uncanny vocal similarity to Siouxsie Sioux and a strong resemblance of other late 1970s indie rock acts from the United Kingdom such as The Cure and The Rutles.
 Utada Hikaru Single Collection Vol. 1 is the first compilation album by Hikaru Utada released on March 31 2004. It features all A-side of her hit singles to that date including 11 #1 hits and all the 15 tracks reached Top 5. The album version was remastered by Ted Jensen.
 Play God is the 1991 album by heavy metal band Reverend. This album was Reverend's second (and last) full-length release. Play God also marks the departure of bassist Dennis O'Hara and drummer Rick Basha who were replaced by Angelo Espino and Jason Ian respectively. This album includes a cover of Creedence Clearwater Revival's Fortunate Son.
 Unit is the second full-length album by Australian band Regurgitator released in November 1997. Its style is a mixture of 1980s style synthesised popular music and alternative rock with some hip-hop influences. It was widely successful receiving overwhelmingly positive reviews and five of the songs featured broke into the commercial mainstream mostly due to their popularity with alternative radio stations (Triple J especially).
 This article describes the 28th album in the New Zealand Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 28 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music 28 or Now 28 was released on 3 November 2008. The album is the 28th edition of the (New Zealand) Now! series.
 Midnight in America is Modern Life is War's third full length album produced by J. Robbins.
 Tab Two is a compilation album by the acid jazz group Tab Two.
 The Lousy Dance is an album by Simon Joyner released in 1999.
 This Is Unity Music is the second full length album by Common Rider released in 2002.
 dubnobasswithmyheadman is the third album by Underworld released in the UK on Junior Boy's Own on 24 January 1994. It was the first Underworld album after the 1980s version of the band had made the transition from synthpop to techno and progressive house and is also the first album to feature Darren Emerson as a band member ushering in the MK2 phase of the band which continued until Emerson's departure in 2001.
 Morning Better Last! is an album by American experimental rock band Dirty Projectors. It is a compilation of three tapes recorded by Dave Longstreth that were given to friends of his. These tapes were:Nile Yessum / Picknum Deduns / Pickenham DedonshireBrother Had A Birthday / Live At Sam's / The Glad Fact TestimonialThree Brown Finches / Obscure Wisdom EP / Seven Songs That Owe A Lot To Zep III.These were recorded and distributed in 2001 and 2002.
 For the 1970s magazine published by Marvel Comics see Pizzazz (magazine).Pizzazz is the fifth album by American singer Patrice Rushen.
 Borrowed Heaven is the fourth studio album by Irish Celtic folk-rock band The Corrs released through Atlantic Records on 31 May 2004. The album was produced by Olle Romo.
 Live From Ground Zero is Dave Brockie Experience's second album released in the year 2001. It was recorded live at CBGB's club in New York City on October 3 2001. Its title is a reference to the fact that the album was recorded very near Lower Manhattan under a month after the September 11 2001 attacks.
 Hey Now Hey (The Other Side of the Sky) is the twentieth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin. Released on June 25 1973 by Atlantic Records It was the first Atlantic album by Aretha to miss the Top 25 of the album chart. (It peaked at #30.) This album was originally planned to be a straight jazz album with songs like Moody's Mood and Just Right Tonight but producers Franklin and Quincy Jones took a detour and produced songs like Mister Spain and the title cut.
 Dear Diary is a Christian rock opera and the third studio album by the pop punk band FM Static. It was released on April 7 2009 through Tooth & Nail Records.According to Trevor McNevan It's a concept record the entire album will be one story from beginning to end. It's based on a boy (and occasionally a girl) and their diary entries about what's going on in their lives.
 Who Killed Amanda Palmer is the first solo album by American musical artist Amanda Palmer.The album was largely recorded in Nashville Tennessee with collaborator Ben Folds and was released on Roadrunner Records (also home to The Dresden Dolls). The name of the album is a reference to the series Twin Peaks which revolves around events surrounding the death of Laura Palmer.
 Music as a Weapon is a series of concert tours created by the American rock band Disturbed. There have been seven editions of the tour five in North America and two in Australasia. The name of the tour is from the lyrics of Droppin' Plates on Disturbed's first album The Sickness.
 Miss Mujerzuela is the third album of the Venezuelan Latin Rock group Caramelos de Cianuro.
 Precious Time is the third album from Pat Benatar released in 1981. It peaked at #1 on the Billboard 200 and produced the top 20 hit Fire and Ice the single would win Benatar her second Grammy Award this time for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance of 1981 which reached #17 on the U.S. Pop chart and #2 on the U.S. Mainstream Rock chart and Promises in the Dark which reached #38 on the U.S. Pop chart and #16 on the U.S. Mainstream Rock chart.
 Innocent Man is the third album released by British R&B musician Mark Morrison and released in the UK as a limited edition DVD release. It is the second full-length album release and follow up to Return of the Mack in 1996. In 1997 Mark Morrison released an EP entitled Only God Can Judge Me on Warner Bros.
 The Suicide Machines is the third album by the Detroit Michigan punk rock band The Suicide Machines released in 2000 by Hollywood Records. It was the band's first album with drummer Ryan Vandeberghe replacing Derek Grant who had left the group the previous year. The album's musical direction shifted away from the ska punk and hardcore styles of their previous albums and exhibited heavy pop influence leading many to classify the album as pop punk.
 Ooh La La is the final studio album by rock and roll band Faces released in April 1973.
 Silly Hat Vs. Egale Hat released on CD-R by Standard Oil Records in 2003.This was Dan Deacon's Second release (after Meetle Mice also released in 2003) it is a compilation of computer music and various live recordings by Dan during his schooling in 2003 at SUNY Purchase.
 Twilight Dementia is the first live album by English power metal band DragonForce released in Japan on 8 September 2010 the United Kingdom on 13 September and in the United States on September 14. The album was recorded in November and December 2009 during the United Kingdom leg of the Ultra Beatdown world tour across nineteen different shows. The album features songs from all the band's previous albums. It is the last overall release to feature ZP Theart as the lead vocalist.
 Harisu is the self-titled fourth studio album by Harisu released in South Korea by YBM Seoul Records on January 24 2006. It was seen as her comeback album following a two-year absence from the Korean music scene and marked a change in her image with an emphasis on being cute rather than sexy. The album itself features pop music that ranges in style between R&B hip hop disco and slow ballads.
 Mighty Joe Moon is the second album by alternative rock group Grant Lee Buffalo released in 1994.
 BBC Radio One Live in Concert is a 1991 live album of a 1972 concert by Hawkwind.It was recorded straight to quarter-inch tape – there were no overdubs and no possibility of remixing.
 The First Chapter is the first studio album by Nastyboy Klick. It was released on August 5 1997.
 Ted Nugent the first solo effort of the so-called 'Motor City Madman' is a rock album released in 1975 after Ted Nugent disbanded his former group The Amboy Dukes.
 product # bvcd 3482 (love gift) or Love Gift is the third and final studio album by the Christian alternative rock band Breakfast with Amy released in 1992. Love Gift was the band's last release on Blonde Vinyl Records and ended up being one of the last releases by any record label owned by Michael Knott. The album is considered a concept album with random audio inserts short phone conversationsinstrumental jams and pre-song warm ups as well as two self-described dramas.
 Dis is an album by Norwegian jazz composer and saxophonist Jan Garbarek recorded in 1976 and released on the ECM label in 1977.
 Smiler is Rod Stewart's fifth album and final album for Mercury Records released in 1974 (see 1974 in music). It became the first album by Rod Stewart as a solo artist to become critically panned. Although it reached number 1 in the UK album chart it stalled at number 13 in the US.
 Handful of Rain is a heavy metal album by Savatage that was released in 1994. The first album since the death of their lead guitarist Criss Oliva the music is often dark in reflection of brother Jon Oliva's loss. The title track was originally released as an abridged version missing its second verse. Some editions of the album (for instance the Rock Masters version released on the iTunes Store) include the omitted piece referred to by the band and fans alike as The Barmaid Verse.
 So Rock is the second solo comedy album released by the Australian musical comedian Tim Minchin. It was recorded during Minchin's shows at The Dolphin Theatre in Perth during June 2006.When reviewing the show Beat Magazine said that Minchin is as comfortable in front of the microphone as he is at his beloved piano and that there are few things funnier in the world than Tim Minchin on a roll.
 Sarah Connor is a compilation album by German pop/R&B singer Sarah Connor released in 2004. It served as her debut album in the United States.
 Skylight is an album by American jazz pianist Art Lande vibraphonist David Samuels and saxophonist Paul McCandless recorded in 1981 and released on the ECM label.
 Sinatra & Company is an album by American singer Frank Sinatra released in 1971.The first side of this album is in the bossa nova style and the second side is influenced by soft rock featuring a couple of standards from John Denver.The bossa nova recordings were originally cut for a follow-up to the widely acclaimed Francis Albert Sinatra & Antonio Carlos Jobim.
 Unfold Yourself is the second solo album by Gomez singer and guitarist Ian Ball released on May 31 2013.
 Scarlet's Hidden Treasures is an EP that accompanied the Welcome to Sunny Florida live DVD set released by singer/songwriter Tori Amos in 2004. The EP features six non-LP tracks though several were featured on a web project called Scarlet's Web (see Scarlet's Walk for further information on the web project). Apollo's Frock was written during the Boys for Pele era and early performances of the song date back almost a decade earlier in 1996.
 If We Make It Through December is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard released in 1974. The title track was previously released on Haggard's Christmas release of 1973 A Christmas Present. The single spent four weeks at No. 1 on the Billboard magazine Hot Country Singles chart in December 1973 and January 1974 and cracked the Top 30 of the Billboard Hot 100. If We Make It Through December was the No. 2 song of the year on Billboard's Hot Country Singles 1974 year-end chart. [1]
 Life Will Kill You is Clawfinger's seventh and final studio album released on 27 July 2007 through Nuclear Blast label. It was recorded by Clawfinger in Fear And Loathing Studios Spånga - Sweden by themselves. The record is the last album released by the band before their breakup in mid-2013.
 Pulya+ Disk 2 (Russian: Пуля+ (Диск 2) means 'Bullet+ (Disc 2)') is a re-released album of the Russian ska-punk band Leningrad.
 Church Street Blues is an album by American guitarist Tony Rice released in 1983. It is an intimate folk oriented album featuring only Tony Rice on guitar and vocals except for four songs with his brother Wyatt Rice on rhythm guitar.
 Building is the tenth studio album by American recording artist Brian Larsen released on April 17 2012 by Protocol Records. The album was announced by Larsen in August 2010 and a teaser trailer for the album was released in November 2010.
 Transmutation (Mutatis Mutandis) is the first album by Bill Laswell's everchanging supergroup Praxis. The album was released in 1992 and features Buckethead on guitar Bootsy Collins on bass and vocals Brain on drums Bernie Worrell on keyboards and DJ AF Next Man Flip on turntables and mixer.Transmutation features a wide range of musical styles all mixed together to make a very diverse and unique album.
 Ah! Leluiah! is the eleventh studio album and the first Christmas album by American rock singer Donnie Iris released on November 18 2010. The project was first announced by keyboardist/songwriter/producer/legalist Mark Avsec in February 2010 in an interview with Cleveland Scene.
 Black Bone is an album by American jazz trombonist and composer Craig Harris recorded in 1983 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 Rock Is Not Enough is the eleventh album by Polish thrash metal band Acid Drinkers. It was released on May 24 2004.The album was mastered at Studio Master and Seven in Hamburg Germany. The original working title of the album was Rock Is Not Enough... Give Me the Metal!. The first pressings of the album were released with an outer cardboard cover.
 My Kinda Swing is a 1960 studio album by Ernestine Anderson arranged by Ernie Wilkins. This was the third and final album that Anderson recorded for Mercury Records and the last album that she recorded for seventeen years.
 Sky Street is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1975 and released on the Fantasy Records label in 1976. The album was released on CD combined with Stormy Monday (Fantasy 1978) as Stormy Monday Blues in 2001.
 The Town and the City is a studio album released by the rock band Los Lobos in 2006 to generally positive critical reception.
 Live is the first live album by Swedish doom metal band Candlemass released in 1990.
 Astronome is an album by John Zorn featuring the Moonchild Trio of Joey Baron Mike Patton and Trevor Dunn. It is the second album by the trio following Moonchild: Songs Without Words.Theater director Richard Foreman staged an opera Astronome: A Night At The Opera: An Initiation based on this album which premiered at the Ontological-Hysteric Theater on February 5 2009 and ran through April 5 2009.
 Sylvspente Boots is the first album by the Norwegian country group Hellbillies. The album was released in 1992 through Spinner Records.
 Our Man in New Orleans is and album by Al Hirt released by RCA Victor. The album was conducted and arranged by Marty Paich and produced by Steve Sholes.The album landed on the Billboard Top LPs chart in 1963 reaching No. 44.
 Haatland is the fourth album by Dutch thrash metal band Dead Head released in 2005.Haatland was produced by Jacob Hansen at Hansen Studios in Ribe Denmark.
 For information on the plant Cocksfoot please refer to Dactylis glomerata.Dactylis Glomerata is an album by doom metal band Candlemass released in 1998. This was the first album they released since their split in 1994 and reunion in 1997. It is the only Candlemass album that features guitarist Michael Amott of Arch Enemy and Carcass notability on lead guitar.In 2006 it was reissued by GMR Music as a 2 CD edition.
 This is the page for Gåte's 2000 EP. For their 2002 EP by the same name see Gåte EP (2002).Gåte EP is the first self-titled EP released by the Norwegian band Gåte.
 Heaven & Earth is the official soundtrack to the 1993 Golden Globe-winning film of the same name starring Tommy Lee Jones Haing S. Ngor Joan Chen and Hiep Thi Le. The original score was composed by Kitaro. The score won a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score.
 She's Strange is the tenth album by the funk/R&B band Cameo released in 1984.This album is dedicated to the late Polygram A&R representative Bill Haywood; as Cameo mentions in the liner-notes of the album The album which he always wanted. The track Talking Out the Side of Your Neck is an extremely popular arrangement amongst marching bands especially those from HBCUs.[citation needed]
 Fine Lace and Homespun Cloth is an album by country singer George Hamilton IV released in 1977 on the Anchor Records label.
 Sings His Best Hits for Capitol Records was the twenty-second studio album of Country music artist Ronnie Milsap. It was released in 1996 under Capitol records his first for the label. The album consisted of re-recordings of past hits by Milsap including Stranger in My House Smoky Mountain Rain and Pure Love. No singles were released.
 Several Arrows Later is the sixth album from Matt Pond PA released in 2005.
 Playing is a live album by jazz quartet Old and New Dreams. It features trumpeter Don Cherry saxophonist Dewey Redman bassist Charlie Haden and drummer Ed Blackwell and was recorded in 1980 for the ECM label.
 Lupin (Hangul: 루팡) is the third mini-album by South Korean girl group Kara. The concept and artwork of the album is based on French writer Maurice Leblanc's fictional gentleman thief Arsène Lupin.
 Secrets of the Lost Satellite Tour Spring 2007 is the 2007 live album from Ken Andrews Secrets of the Lost Satellite tour.
 Voľné miesto v srdci (English: A Free Place in the Heart) is the sixth solo album by Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1986.
 Sound of Impact is an official live bootleg by the post-hardcore band Big Black.
 Trailer Park is the solo debut of British singer Beth Orton. Combining folk electronica and trip hop elements it earned Orton two BRIT Award nominations. The only single from the album was the opening track She Cries Your Name which previously appeared in a different form on William Orbit's album Strange Cargo Hinterland.
 Thunder and Lightning is the twelfth and final studio album by Irish hard rock band Thin Lizzy released in 1983. Guitarist John Sykes was hired to replace Snowy White after 1981's Renegade and Sykes helped to provide a heavier sound and guitar tone than Thin Lizzy had used on previous albums. However the bulk of the songwriting (except for Cold Sweat) was completed before he joined the band.
 Host is the second studio album by Critters Buggin of Seattle Washington and was released in 1997. It was recorded December 18–20 at Bad Animals and December 21–23 live at OK Hotel 1995. Originally released by Loosegroove Host was reissued by Kufala Recordings in 2004.
 Plus is a live EP by Matt Nathanson containing three songs. It was released on October 14 2003 the same day as his full-length album Beneath These Fireworks.
 Live at the Half Note: One Down One Up is a 2005 album by jazz musician John Coltrane.
 Go Fer Yer Funk is the first installment of the George Clinton Family Series collection. The album was released in 1992 by P-Vine Records in Japan and then was released the next year by AEM Records in the U.S. and Sequel Records in the U.K.. The Family Series were designed to present previously unreleased recordings done by various bands in the Parliament-Funkadelic musical stable.
 Memories: The Best Of Elaine Paige is a compilation album by Elaine Paige released in 1987 on the Warner Music label.This album covers Elaine Paige's career at WEA from 1981 up until 1986 with tracks from all of her five albums recorded for the label. Most notable is the inclusion of one track that was previously unreleased On My Own from the musical Les Misérables which was produced by Tony Visconti. The album charted in 1988 at number 14 in the UK albums chart.
 Dream is the fourth album by the married duo Captain & Tennille and their final album with A&M Records.
 Kate Taylor is singer Kate Taylor's second album released in 1978.The album provided Taylor with her best-selling single: a version of It's in His Kiss (The Shoop Shoop Song) which peaked at 49 on the Billboard charts.
 Illadelph Halflife is the third studio album by American hip hop band The Roots released September 24 1996 on Geffen Records. It features a tougher and broader sound than their previous album Do You Want More?!!!??! (1995). The album also contains integration of programmed drums and guest contributions by R&B musicians such as Amel Larrieux and D'Angelo as well as jazz musicians such as David Murray Steve Coleman Cassandra Wilson Graham Haynes.
 I'd Rather Shout at a Returning Echo than Kid That Someone's Listening is the fourth compilation album released by Some Bizzare and featured the first new track from the recently re-formed Soft Cell. It also included two tracks Nye (We are Silent) and Uniform Spaces by Cabaret Voltaire member Richard H. Kirk. These were recorded under the names Sandoz and Orchestra Terrestrial.
 Guarapero/Lost Blues 2 is the title of a 2000 album by Will Oldham. It is the second compilation of singles rarities and live performances after Lost Blues and Other Songs (1997). A third Oldham compilation Little Lost Blues was released in 2006.The lyrics of The Risen Lord an alternative version of which appeared on the 2004 EP Black/Rich Music are taken from a poem by D. H. Lawrence.
 Adoration: The Worship Album is the tenth studio album by Christian pop rock band Newsboys released in 2003. Unlike the band's previous albums Adoration (as the subtitle implies) is a solely worship-oriented album deviating from the Newsboys' standard pop rock sound. This was the last Newsboys album with longtime guitarist Jody Davis until his reunion with the group in 2009 for In the Hands of God.
 Light Years The Very Best of Electric Light Orchestra is a two CD compilation album by Electric Light Orchestra (ELO).The album celebrates the band's 25th Anniversary singles career starting in 1972 and contains all of ELO's 29 UK hit singles plus other single edits that either didn't chart or where hits in other countries. All the songs included are the edited 7 single versions.
 Rainbow Electronics 2 is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It is an alternate mix of the 1991 album Rainbow Electronics.
 Devils to Some Angels to Others is the debut studio album by American industrial band Fashion Bomb. The album was originally released in August 2006 through independent label Superdead Records. Jamie Duffy of Acumen Nation and DJ Accuccrack? produced.
 Ursa Major is the fourth studio album from American alternative rock band Third Eye Blind. Released on August 18 2009 on the group's own Mega Collider label Ursa Major was the group's first studio album in over six years. The first single from the album was Don't Believe a Word which debuted on the radio June 5 2009.
 WOW Gospel Essentials is a best of the best Gospel music collection spanning more than ten years. The album includes twelve songs a single CD. It reached 124 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2008 third place on the Top Gospel Albums chart and twenty-second place on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 This My Way is a mini-album of the Japanese hard rock band Show-Ya. The album was released on 2 February 1998 in Japan and had limited distribution. It is Show-Ya's only recording with singer Yoshino.
 Astral Disaster is an album by Coil which has been released in two distinct versions.The original pressing of the album was released in an edition of 99 copies on 12 vinyl via the record label Acme/Prescription with catalogue number Drug 8. It was available only to those who had subscribed to the entire Drug series and was packaged in a plain black sleeve with a title sticker signed and numbered by Balance and Christopherson.
 Pre-Electric Wizard 1989–1994 is a compilation of songs featuring Electric Wizard frontman Jus Oborn with his previous band which changed its name twice.Songs 1-4 are by Eternal from the demo Lucifer's Children (1993).
 No Mercy is the third EP by the South Korean male pop group B.A.P released digitally on July 19 2012 and physically on July 24 2012 under the label of TS Entertainment. It features the singles Goodbye and No Mercy. On August 30 2012 the repackaged version of the EP renamed Crash was digitally released. The repackage contained two new songs including Crash and Yong Guk's I Remember (feat. Daehyun) along with the five previous tracks.
 Księga Urodzaju – third album in Marcin Rozynek's music career and artist's solo debut. It was released May 12 2003.
 Shot Illusion New God is an EP and the last recording by the American grunge band Gruntruck. It was intended to be a restart of their musical career after their legal battle with Roadrunner Records.It was produced by Jack Endino at Avast Studios while New God produced by Gary King at House of Leisure. It was mastered at Hanzsek Audio.
 In the Streets to Africa is the fourth studio album (third released with VP Records) by Jamaican Recording artist Richie Spice. This album featured the number 54 charting song Youths Dem Cold which was also featured on the Grand Theft Auto IV soundtrack. The album features vocals from Joseph Hill of the Roots reggae group Culture Richie's brothers Spanner Banner & Pliers and Richie himself.
 Sound of Sexy Soul is the second album by American soul group The Delfonics released in 1969 on the Philly Groove label. The album was produced by Thom Bell. Like The Delfonics' debut album La La Means I Love You The Sound of Sexy Soul is evenly split between new songs written by Bell and lead singer William Hart and cover versions.
 Back Again... No Matter What is the fourth compilation album released by Irish boyband Boyzone. The album was released on 13 October 2008. It became the bands sixth top ten album in the United Kingdom charting at No. 4 and staying in the top one-hundred for forty-three non-consecutive weeks. It also peaked at No. 3 in Ireland selling a total of 505100 copies sold in the United Kingdom 40000 in Ireland and 600000 worldwide.
 Special Herbs Vols. 9 & 0 is an instrumental album released by MF Doom under the moniker Metal Fingers. As with all volumes of Special Herbs released by Metal Fingers each track is named after a herb or similar flora (with the exception of Untitled (Meditation).Although an instrumental album some tracks contain sampled speech such as Food... we need food! in Vervain and Peach fuzz! in Peach Extract. The track Coca Leaf is based around vocal samples of singing women.
 Mars is the third Mini-Album for the Japanese rock duo B'z. The album sold 1730500 copies in total reaching #1 at Oricon.
 Live in Asbury Park is a Clarence Clemons and Temple of Soul album that was recorded live at The Stone Pony in Asbury Park New Jersey on September 2–3 2001.
 Hunter is a full length mixtape by Chinese-American artist Baiyu released on June 13 2012. The mixtape component of Hunter is part of a larger project that is to be accompanied by a book of poetry as well as a comic book series and animated short entitled The Illuminators for which she is basis of the animated heroine.
 Takes is the third studio album by British singer/songwriter Adem. It is a covers album consisting primarily of covers of 90s pop/alternative tracks.
 Z (Z [ZETTO]) is the 5th album released by the Japanese metal band Aion. Promotional videos were made for the songs Truth and Ira Ira. There is also live footage of them performing the songs So Many and Confession recorded at the Ariola Meeting 1993. This is the band's first release with new drummer Shu.
 American Salute is the title of a recording by Chet Atkins and Arthur Fiedler and the Boston Pops Orchestra.
 Live Session EP (iTunes Exclusive) is the third album and first EP released by pop-folk band The Weepies. It was exclusively released in the iTunes Music Store on August 15 2006.
 Ramayya Vasthavayya is the soundtrack to the 2013 Telugu romantic-action film Ramayya Vasthavayya directed by Harish Shankar and starring N. T. Rama Rao Jr. Samantha Ruth Prabhu and Shruti Haasan. The soundtrack album originally includes six tracks composed by S. Thaman and was released on September 21 2013. The release coincided with a promotional event held at Hotel Marriott in Hyderabad India.
 Nothing to You (re-mix) + 3 is an EP released by the San Francisco Indie rock duo Two Gallants in 2006 by Alive Records.The EP features two songs from the band's debut album The Throes newly re-mixed and the songs Sweet Baby Jesus and Fail Hard to Regain (live) from the band's first 7 release. These two are released on CD on this EP for the first time. The 4 tracks have been entirely remastered.
 Remotion is a 1996 ambient music album by Global Communication. Originally released on Dedicated the album has been re-issued a number of times.The album features a number of remixes that Global Communication had done for other artists.It also includes one track (not a remix) from their more techno-leaning side project Reload.
 This Is Not a New Album is the 2001 re-issue of San Diegan punk band Dogwood's 1998 self-released eponymous album. The only difference is the omission of the original track 2 Never Die which was re-recorded in 1999's More Than Conquerors.
 Shades is the sixth album by JJ Cale. Released in 1981.
 Tiefer (German for deeper) is the third and final studio album of the German rock/pop group Lucilectric released in 1997.
 This Place Is Painted Red is the first album released by indie rock band Deas Vail. The album was self-released in 2005.
 Добрий вечір тобі ... (Good Evening To You) is a compilation EP by Ruslana released in 2002. On this compilation EP Ruslana presents the Christmas hits of the Ukrainian stars: Ruslana Yevhenia Vlasova Ani Lorak Viktor Pavlik Haydamaky Oleksandr Ponomariov and Taras Chubay.
 Swim was the second EP by the British alternative rock band Feeder. It was Feeder's second commercial release but failed to have much success. The EP had influences of Smashing Pumpkins early work along with Nirvana Manic Street Preachers and Silverchair that followed on Polythene.
 Burnin' Down the House: Live at the House of Blues is the third live album by Etta James and her twenty-eight album overall released in 2002. The album reached a peak position of number one on Billboard's Top Blues Albums chart.A few of the cover songs on this album were also featured on some of James' past albums: Leave Your Hat On was on Etta James (1973) Your Good Thing Is About To End was on Stickin' to My Guns (1990) Rock Me Baby was on a previous live album Etta Red-Hot & Live.
 Gold and Green is the third album by the Japanese band OOIOO a side-project of Boredoms member Yoshimi P-We.
 Crimes of Passion is the fourth studio album by American duo Crocodiles. It was released in August 20 2013 via Frenchkiss Records.
 The Best of C-Bo is the first greatest hits compilation released by American rapper C-Bo. It was released November 21 1995 on AWOL Records and features songs from C-Bo's first three albums guest performances from other AWOL Records releases as well as rare and unreleased songs. The album features production by DJ Daryl Mike Mosley and Sam Bostic. It peaked at number 35 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Vintage Tech is compilation album released by rapper Tech N9ne. It brings together a mixture of unreleased material with material that was previously released on Compilations as well as from his earlier albums.
 Born and Raised is the debut EP by American hip hop duo Smif-n-Wessun released on December 3 2013 under Duck Down Music Inc.. Entirely produced by Beatnick & K-Salaam the 6-song EP is a blend between reggae and hip hop and includes guest appearances from Junior Reid Jr. Kelly Jahdan Blakkamoore and DJ Full Factor. The EP was preceded by one single — Solid Ground featuring dancehall icon Junior Reid.
 It Ain't Easy is the name of a 1982 Country Music album by Country music recording artist Janie Fricke. This was one of her most successful albums. The album featured her four big hits that year; He's a Heartache (Looking for a Place to Happen) Tell Me a Lie It Ain't Easy Bein' Easy and You Don't Know Love; the first three becoming #1 hits in that year. The album rose on the US Country Albums Chart breaking into the top twenty and peaking at #15.
 MiXXXes of the Molé is a remix album by industrial metal band Ministry. The album is composed of remixes of tracks from the band's 2004 album Houses of the Molé.
 No Me Corten El Pelo (1990) is Menudo's 29th album (18th in Spanish).It features Sergio Blass Rubén Gómez Robert Avellanet Rawy Torres and Adrián Olivares. This would become Sergio's Rubén's Robert's and Rawy's last album recorded as members of the group.
 The Turn is the title of the seventh solo music recording/album of singer/songwriter Alison Moyet. The album includes the singles One More Time and A Guy Like You as well as three tracks first written and performed in 2006 for stage play Smaller in which Moyet starred with comedienne and long-time friend Dawn French. The Turn is the singer's first release on the W14 Music label and debuted at #21 on the UK album charts on 22 October 2007 lasting four weeks in the Top 100.
 Cosmos is the first full length record released by space rock/prog duo Zombi. All songs were written by both members of the duo except Cassiopeia and Andromeda which were written and performed by bassist-keyboard player Steve Moore.
 Sraka praptaka is the fifth album of Polish punk rock band Sedes
 Soundtracks from the Shaolin Temple is a 2008 album by various artists affiliated with or part of the Wu-Tang Clan. A majority of the tracks are produced by Bronze Nazareth and one is produced by Wu-Tang member RZA. Seven members of the Wu-Tang Clan make appearances on the album along with over 20 affiliates.
 Mighty Morphin Power Rangers The Movie: Original Motion Picture Score is the soundtrack of the score to the 1995 Twentieth Century Fox film Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie; it was released by Varèse Sarabande on September 26 1995 on Audio CD and Compact Cassette.
 CBC Radio 3 Sessions Vol. 1 is a compilation album released in 2004 compiling tracks from live sessions performed on CBC Radio 3.
 Anthology is a three-disc/three-cassette box set that provides a comprehensive overview of Selena's brief career. The set is divided into three parts—a disc of mariachi a disc of cumbia and a disc of pop recordings many of which are in English. Most but not all are either Remix Club Remix or different style and version of all songs listed here.
 Ikimono-bakari Members Best Selection (いきものばかり～メンバーズBESTセレクション～) is Japanese pop rock band Ikimono-gakari's first greatest hits album. It was released on 3 November 2010 by Sony Music Entertainment Japan. The album features 31 previously released tracks and three new songs: Ima Hashiridaseba Spirits and Kaze to Mirai.It was released in two versions: a regular 2CD edition and a limited 2CD+DVD edition. The first press regular edition contains an ikimono-card 021.
 The Doctor Came at Dawn is the fifth album by Bill Callahan (also known as Smog) released in September 1996 on Drag City and re-released in Europe in 2001 by Domino. Lize features Callahan's occasional creative partner Cynthia Dall.
 Sea Shanties is the debut album of progressive rock band High Tide. It was one of the first albums to use violin as a rock instrument. The cover artwork was drawn by Paul Whitehead.
 Sittin' on Chrome EP is a 1995 release from Hip Hop crew Masta Ace Incorporated. The EP served as the single for the title track from Ace's 1995 album Sittin' on Chrome and features two alternate mixes the Pitkin Ave Mix and the Rockaway Ave Mix.
 Los się musi odmienić is an album by Kazik released in 2005.
 Faces is the second studio album by Mt. Helium. Released as a digital download on June 3 2008 it is the band's first release under their new name having been formerly known as The Apex Theory.
 Happy Landings and Lost Tracks is a compilation album by The Fixx released on December 11 2001.
 Peace and Love is a 1989 album by The Pogues their fourth full-length studio production.The album continued the band's gradual departure from traditional Irish music. It noticeably opens with a heavily jazz-influenced track. Also several of the songs are inspired by the city in which the Pogues were founded London (White City Misty Morning Albert Bridge London You're a Lady) as opposed to Ireland from which they had usually drawn inspiration.
 That's It is the 1999 album by Jimmy Ibbotson.
 Two Days in November is the title of a recording by Doc Watson and Merle Watson released in 1974. The title refers to the two days it took to complete the recording.At the Grammy Awards of 1975 Two Days in November won the 1974 Grammy Award for Best Ethnic or Traditional Folk Recording.Sugar Hill records re-issued versions — that excluded some tracks — of both Two Days in November and Then and Now in 1994.
 Réservé aux indiens (Only Indians allowed) is a compilation of unreleased songs by French rocker Alain Bashung issued in early 1993 on Barclay Records as part of the reissues of Bashung material on CD format. It contains 12 titles: 3 unreleased studio songs (including a cover) 6 instrumentals 2 songs from original soundtracks and 1 traditional German song.
 Permission to Land is the debut studio album released by British hard rock band The Darkness. The album was released in the United Kingdom on 7 July 2003 and in the United States on 5 August 2003. The album topped the UK Albums Chart and reached number thirty-six on the American Billboard 200 chart.
 Bucks Fizz is the debut album by British pop group Bucks Fizz. Released in 1981 it features their Eurovision-winning song Making Your Mind Up as well as the two follow-up singles Piece of the Action and One of Those Nights. The album was produced by Andy Hill and released on RCA Records.
 BBC Radio One Live in Concert is a live recording from 1983 by Irish rock band Thin Lizzy released in 1992. This show at the Reading Festival in 1983 came at the end of their farewell tour and was originally intended to be the band's last concert. Although they officially split up in 1983 Thin Lizzy played several more concerts after this recording including the Monsters of Rock festival in Germany a week later.
 Camino A Idilia is the fourth LP released by the argentinian Punk rock formerly Hardcore punk band Shaila released on November 18 2006.The album was recorded and mixed between April and September by Javier Suarez at El Altillo Studio.Drums and bass were recorded on March 2006 in MCE Studio Buenos Aires - Argentina by Martin Carrizo and Pablo Sicilano.Drum Doctor: Martin CarrizoThis is the first album mastered in a foreign country in Blastin Room Studios Fort Collins Colorado - USA by Jason Livermore
 Camino del Amor (Love Road) is a studio album released by Los Temerarios.
 Almost Human is a 2006 album by cellist Maya Beiser. The album features composer Eve Beglarian's setting of Henri Michaux's prose poem I am writing to you from a far-off country and Joby Talbot's Motion Detector and Falling.
 Just the Two of Us was a 1968 duet album of traditional country music by Porter Wagoner and Dolly Parton. It included the singles We'll Get Ahead Someday and Holding Onto Nothing both of which reached the top ten on the U.S. country singles charts as well as the standard The Dark End of the Street and the Parton-penned weeper Jeannie's Afraid of the Dark' which would become a fan favorite.
 Anthology is a 2003 album by Ocean Colour Scene (OCS) the 3-CD and 50 track album contains all of their hits selected highlights of their B-sides combined with some new tracks. Both OCS and their manager Chris Cradock were not happy about this album's release believing their old label were cashing in on the fanbase. The third disc contains a cover of The Who's early single Anyway Anyhow Anywhere. The Anthology charted at #75 in the UK album charts.
 Between My Head and the Sky is an album by Yoko Ono released on Chimera Music in September 2009. This is her first studio album to be released as Yoko Ono/Plastic Ono Band since 1973's Feeling the Space. The new Plastic Ono Band lineup features Cornelius Yuka Honda (of Cibo Matto fame) and Ono's son Sean Lennon as band leader and producer.
 Intermission is a compilation album by power metal band Stratovarius released on June 26 2001 through Nuclear Blast. It consists of covers live and bonus tracks as well as four new tracks.
 Alhambra (1996) is an EP by The Tea Party and was used as a bridge between The Edges of Twilight and Transmission albums.
 The Same Old Blood Rush with a New Touch is Cute Is What We Aim For's debut album released on June 20 2006.
 Hideaway is the third album released by The Weepies. It was released on April 2 2008 by Nettwerk.The album debuted at number 31 on the U.S.
 All We Got Iz Us is the second album from hardcore rap group Onyx. It is widely considered to be a great follow up to their classic Bacdafucup with many fans actually citing it as Onyx's best album. It reached gold sales status despite having no radio-friendly tracks on the album. Turning away from the more humorous approach of their debut All We Got Iz Us had an overall darker and more serious tone dealing with subjects such as suicide heavy substance abuse and racism.
 The Sleeping Beauty is a live album from Tiamat.
 Increasingly is the first EP by the band 12012 released on April 28 2004.
 Wo zhe shi nian (我这十年 Wǒ zhè shí nián My Last Ten Years) is the 1995 debut album of Zang Tianshuo. The album is considered his most representative work. The title refers to the 10 years from his first gig in 1985 to first album in 1995. Zang started as a hard rocker but had mellowed his sound since 1985 and in 1993 began to record tracks that produced a soft rock album.
 From a Basement on the Hill is the sixth and final studio album by the late American singer-songwriter Elliott Smith. Recorded from between 2002 to 2003 it was released posthumously on October 19 2004 through record label ANTI-.The album was initially planned as a double album due to contractual obligations with the DreamWorks label (now Interscope) and was incomplete at the time of Smith's death.
 Live Cuts is a live album released by John Taylor in 2000.
 BBC Sessions is a compilation album with all The Specials' live BBC performances.
 One Hunid is the debut album from Hip Hop group The Product. Veteran southern rapper Scarface recruited two young MC's Willie Hen and Young Malice to join him for the release. The album features the singles I'm A and G Type.
 Michael Feinstein Sings the Burton Lane Songbook Vol. 1 is a 1990 album by American vocalist Michael Feinstein of songs composed by Burton Lane. A second volume Michael Feinstein Sings the Burton Lane Songbook Vol. 1 was released in 1992.Feinstein was accompanied on piano by Lane they duetted on the song Applause Applause. Two compositions by Lane had their debut recording here I Can Hardly Wait and And Suddenly It's Christmas.
 The Cappuccino Songs is an album by Tanita Tikaram released in 1998 via Mother Records. The Japanese version of the album contains two extra tracks: And I Think of You - E penso a te and Feeling is Gone. Three singles were released from the album: Stop Listening I Don't Wanna Lose At Love and If I Ever.
 David Sanborn is the second album by saxophonist David Sanborn.
 The Infinite Steve Vai: An Anthology is Steve Vai's compilation album that was released in 2003 (see 2003 in music). This two-disc compilation spans Vai's entire solo career featuring the best tracks from most of his albums including Fire Garden Passion and Warfare Alien Love Secrets and The Ultra Zone. One song is even included from his Whitesnake days (Kittens Got Claws) and one from his Alcatrazz days (Lighter Shade of Green).
 Now Dance 2002 was a compilation album released on 22 October 2001. The album is part of the (UK) Now! series and is a compilation of pop and dance hits in the UK Singles Chart in 2001.It reached number 1 for two weeks in the UK Compilation Chart selling over 100000 copies by the end of the year and was the 19th best selling compilation album of 2001. A follow-up Now Dance 2002 Part Two was released in March 2002.
 Legally Blonde is the original soundtrack album on the A&M label of the 2001 Golden Globe-nominated film Legally Blonde starring Reese Witherspoon Selma Blair Luke Wilson and Victor Garber. The original score was produced by Rolfe Kent.The album was nominated for the Satellite Award for Best Original Score.
 All You Need Is Now is the thirteenth studio album by the British rock band Duran Duran. Produced by Mark Ronson a truncated version of the album was released as a download on 21 December 2010. It is the band's first album not released by a major record label; it appeared on the band's own label Tapemodern and Mark Ronson's Allido Records in the UK.
 Rat in the Kitchen is the seventh album by UB40 released in July 1986. This album contained two UK hits Sing Our Own Song (UK #5 in 1986) and Rat in Mi Kitchen (UK #12 in 1987). The album itself reached 8 in the UK album charts in 1986 staying in the charts for twenty weeks.
 La Biblia En Vivo is the second live album by Argentina rock band Vox Dei. Released in 1987 by B.B. Records this was the group's first album in nine years.
 Sing Me Softly of the Blues is an album by Art Farmer's Quartet recorded in 1965 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Nos Halah (Arabic: نص حالة‎) is an album by Syrian singer Asalah Nasri. It was released September 27 2008.
 Champion is The Audition's second full-length album. It was released on January 14 2008 in the UK and in the USA on January 22 2008 by Victory Records. It has roughly sold 75000 copies since its release in 2008.
 Centipede is the debut album by American singer Rebbie Jackson. Released on the Columbia label in 1984 the record spawned two top-forty Billboard charting hits the most famous being the title track. Centipede became Jackson's only gold-certified album throughout her 14-year musical career.
 10 (sometimes known as Ten) is a compilation album by The Wildhearts frontman Ginger collecting solo tracks from the previous ten years. The tracks are compiled from the Ginger albums Yoni and Market Harbour the Silver Ginger 5 release Black Leather Mojo and the Ginger & the Sonic Circus release Valor Del Corazon.
 A Touch of Music a Touch of Donovan is a compilation album from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in West Germany (Pye/Vogue Schallplatten LDVS 17171) in 1969.
 Rebelde (English: Rebel) is the debut studio album by Mexican pop group RBD released in November 2004 in Mexico and on January 11 2005 in the United States. The album was produced by Max DiCarlo Carlos Lara Armando Avila with Camilo Lara and Pedro Damián being the executive producers. The album features the 3 consecutive Mexican chart toppers hits Rebelde main theme from the soap opera with the same name Solo Quédate En Silencio and Sálvame.
 Fore is an EP by Pegboy released on October 18 1993 through Quarterstick Records.
 1990-1996 is the second compilation album by Japanese rock band The Mad Capsule Markets. Rather than rerecording the old songs such as on the previous compilation album The Mad Capsule Markets this album has collected remastered songs from Humanity through 4 Plugs some with 'xxxx' noises or added interludes.
 Pre-Release is the third EP by Motograter released around 2009. It's the first release from the band since 2003's Motograter and the first release to feature Michael Woodruff on vocals and Mylon Guy on bass but also the only release to feature Tyler Hole on guitar Jeremy Scheller on drums and Mark Nosler on the motograter.
 Look Away + 4 is the third EP from The Apples in Stereo. It contains five songs featuring the song Look Away from the album The Discovery of a World Inside the Moone. The other four songs were previously featured on the Japanese version of the 1999 album Her Wallpaper Reverie.
 21 at 33 is the fourteenth studio album by British singer/songwriter Elton John released on 13 May 1980. It was recorded at Super Bear Studios Nice France in August 1979 and Rumbo Recorders and Sunset Sound in Los Angeles California between January to March 1980.Two of John's classic bandmates drummer Nigel Olsson and bass player Dee Murray reunited with him for one song.
 Jhoomo Re is the second studio album by the Indian Fusion/Sufi band Kailasa released in 2007.
 Here's No Peace is the second EP by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was recorded and mixed at Hellspawn Studios in December 1991 but remained unreleased for almost six years until October 1997 when it was released by Shadow Records. The EP features a drastically different line-up than Marduk actually was by this time with differences including Andreas Axelsson on vocals Rikard Kalm on bass and Joakim Göthberg on drums and additional vocals; Dan Swanö was also the mixer of the recording.
 Une Fille comme moi is the name given to the third album of the French singer Priscilla Betti. It was released on 2 February 2004 and was supported by the French top five hit Toujours pas d'amour followed by the singles Toi c'est moi and Jalousie which achieved a moderate success in comparison.
 Portamento is the second studio album by American indie pop band The Drums. The album was released in the United Kingdom on September 2 2011 through Moshi Moshi and Island Records and was preceded by the release of lead single Money on August 19.
 Let There Be Eve…Ruff Ryders' First Lady is the debut album of American rapper Eve. The album was released September 14 1999 on Ruff Ryders Entertainment and Interscope Records. It sold 213000 copies in the first week. The album has sold over 2 million copies (according to Soundscan) and is certified Double Platinum. The album features singles such as Gotta Man and Love Is Blind with Faith Evans. All of the songs on the album were written by Eve herself.
 Live at Third Man is a live EP released by the Texan band White Denim in the summer of 2011. It was produced by Jack White of The White Stripes and released as a 12 vinyl record on his record label Third Man Records.
 Nowhere to Here is the sixth studio album by Blue Rodeo.A more electric rock album than the band's 1993 outing Five Days in July the album was not as well received by critics and fans as its predecessor.[citation needed] It is generally viewed as one of the band's lesser albums[citation needed] although Side of the Road and Better Off As We Are were notable singles.Sarah McLachlan appears as a guest musician.
 Live at The Macbeth London 7th May 2011 is the first live album from Brooklyn Punk band Cerebral Ballzy. It was released in August 2011 in the United Kingdom through Cooking Vinyl.This audio cassette only album is a Rough Trade exclusive that came with the first 100 orders of Cerebral Ballzy's debut album . It came packaged in a custom sickbag sealed with a sticker with the bands logo on it.
 Cedar Dream Songs is an album by Bill Miller released through Paras Recordings on April 20 2004. In 2005 the album won Miller the Grammy Award for Best Native American Music Album.
 1985 is the fourth studio album by Enuff Z'Nuff which features material recorded in the band's earliest days. The songs were taken from a demo at the time called Hollywood Squares originally recorded in 1985. Musically the songs were noticeably more pop-rock in direction as opposed to the hard rock recordings they had been known for.Although nearly all original material the opening track is a cover of Smokey Robinson's Tears Of A Clown.
 Stars is an album by Makai that was released by BMG Japan 24 September 2008. It includes several collaborations between Makai and popular artists like YUCHUN from Tohoshinki LISA BENI Stepahnie from Tenjochiki Thelma Aoyama and more.
 The Best of Echobelly is the second greatest hits collection from Britpop band Echobelly released in 2008. The songs on the album all come from the band's first three albums Everyone's Got One On and Lustra.
 Born Is The King is the third Christmas worship album of Christian Contemporary music composed of Christmas songs led by the Hillsong Church. The album includes two original songs composed by Hillsong as well as a selection of traditional Christmas Carols featuring Darlene Zschech Matt Crocker and other members of the Hillsong Team
 For the Pet Shop Boys' EP of the same name see Christmas (Pet Shop Boys EP)Mary Margaret O'Hara's Christmas EP was released in 1991. It collects three covers of classic Christmas standards as well as an original Christmas-themed song written by O'Hara.
 Jessi is the third studio album released by American country music artist Jessi Colter. It was her second release for Capitol Records and was produced by Ken Mansfield and husband Waylon Jennings. Its was released in January 1976 becoming one of two albums issued by Colter in 1976.
 The Greatest Thing I've Ever Learned is the debut LP by Alpha Rev. The album was independently released in 2007 and then re-released on February 12 2008 by Sea Change Records with an alternate track listing.
 Electric Salad is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It was recorded at the same time as Pulse Demon. The album photos were taken at Toba hihōkan – SF miraikan (鳥羽秘宝館・ＳＦ未来館) a sci-fi themed sex museum.
 Get in Touch with Yourself is the title of the third studio album by the British pop group Swing Out Sister. The album was released on Fontana Records in 1992 (see 1992 in music) and was produced by Paul Staveley O'Duffy.
 Anomie & Bonhomie is the fourth album by the British group Scritti Politti release in 1999. The album marks a sharp departure from their previous synthpop era and features contributions from rappers Mos Def and Me'Shell Ndegeocello.
 Patife Band is the first official release from the homonymous Brazilian post-punk/experimental rock band Patife Band released in 1985 by now-defunct independent label Lira Paulistana Records.
 Let There Be Blood is a re-recording of Exodus's 1985 album Bonded by Blood featuring their modern lineup. The only band members who play on both Bonded by Blood and Let There Be Blood are guitarist Gary Holt and drummer Tom Hunting. The track Hell's Breath originally appears on the 1983 Rehearsal with Kirk Hammett and never was recorded officially.
 Asphalt Ballet is the debut album by American rock band Asphalt Ballet. The album was released in 1991 by Virgin Records. The song Soul Survive had minor attention on the radio and MTV but the album was largely ignored.
 E=MC² is a 1979 album produced and composed by Giorgio Moroder and Harold Faltermeyer. The album describes itself as the first electronic live-to-digital album.
 Madman Across the Water is the fourth studio album by British singer/songwriter Elton John released in 1971 through DJM/Uni Records.
 Slow Riot for New Zerø Kanada is the first EP released by Godspeed You! Black Emperor. It was released on the Montreal-based record label Constellation Records in 1999 and was re-released by Kranky Records. Users of the website Rate Your Music rate it as the greatest EP of all time.
 Mendelssohn: Violin Concerto is the second studio album by Scottish violinist Nicola Benedetti.
 Understanding is an album by American organist John Patton recorded in 1968 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Godspeed Into The Mainstream is the first studio album by Danish synthrock band Spleen United.
 Tunnel of Love is the eighth studio album by Bruce Springsteen released in 1987.In 1998 Q magazine readers voted Tunnel of Love the 91st greatest album of all time. In 1989 the album was ranked #25 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 100 greatest albums of the 1980s. In 2003 the same magazine ranked it at number 475 on their list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
 Little by Little is the 17th studio album of Australian guitarist Tommy Emmanuel released in 2010.
 Surfers Paradise is the second studio album by Australian recording artist Cody Simpson released on 16 July 2013 by Atlantic Records. The album includes the singles Pretty Brown Eyes and Summertime of Our Lives. The album is named after the Surfers Paradise beach on Gold Coast Queensland Australia. Simpson is also from Gold Coast in Australia.
 Bearcat is an album by jazz saxophonist Clifford Jordan which was recorded in late 1961 and early 1962 and released on the Jazzland label.
 Hazel's Wreath is the second album by folk rock band Tiny Lights released in 1988 through Gaia Records.
 Big in Japan: Live in Tokyo 2010 is the fortieth album by Klaus Schulze. Taking in consideration the previously released multi-disc box sets (Silver Edition Historic Edition Jubilee Edition Contemporary Works I and Contemporary Works II) it could be viewed as Schulze's one hundred and first album. This album contains music from two concerts at the Tokyo Kokusai Forum Hall in Tokyo Japan on March 20–21 2010 in Schulze's first visit to Japan.
 Be My Thrill is the fourth full-length album released by The Weepies. It was released on Nettwerk Records on August 31 2010. Three promotional singles I Was Made For Sunny Days Be My Thrill and Please Speak Well of Me were released through the iTunes Store in the weeks leading up to the album's release.The album debuted at number 34 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart.
 The Spirit's in It is a 1981 album released by singer Patti LaBelle. The album was her first release off Philadelphia International Records after coming off a four-year contract with Epic Records and four studio albums. Her fifth release is notable for the title track which became a disco hit and for her solo cover of Judy Garland's Over the Rainbow which she had recorded in the mid-1960s as a member of Patti LaBelle and the Blue Belles.
 Squeezing Out Sparks is a 1979 album by Graham Parker and the Rumour their fourth official record. It was voted album of the year in the 1979 Village Voice Pazz & Jop Critics Poll and later ranked number 335 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
 Four is the first album by jazz saxophonist Joe Henderson released on the Verve label. It was recorded on April 21 1968 and features a live performance by Henderson with Wynton Kelly Paul Chambers and Jimmy Cobb. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states that Henderson really pushes the rhythm section (which although they had not played with the tenor previously had been together for a decade) and he is certainly inspired by their presence.
 FabricLive.25 is a DJ mix compilation album by High Contrast as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Live in Warsaw (also released as Beautiful Love The Lady from Caracas Monk's Dream and At the Warsaw Jamboree) is a 1991 live album by McCoy Tyner released on the Who's Who in Jazz label. It was recorded for a television broadcast by Polish Channel 1 (which has also been released as a DVD) in October 1991 at the Operatka House Warsaw Poland and features a solo performance by Tyner.
 D.A.D. Special is a compilation album by the Danish rock group D-A-D. The compilation was released on December 1 1989 in Sweden Norway Denmark and Finland only.It contains tracks from the groups two first albums Call of the Wild and D.A.D. Draws a Circle and also form their debut EP Standin' On the Never Never.
 Burlesque is the first full-length album by Bellowhead.
 15 Exitos is a compilation album by Mexican singer Alejandra Guzmán. It was released by her former record label Fonovisa and includes fifteen tracks recorded by her from 1988 to 1991.
 Svjat Dreams 1762-1991 known by fans as simply Svjat Dreams was released on 29 January 1991 and is the 2nd studio album to be released by the group Mizar.
 The Sound of Sirens was the second EP released by Kansas City band Flee the Seen in October 2004.
 Ballads and Candles is an album by Maddy Prior.
 Lynyrd Skynyrd (Box Set) is the first box set released by Lynyrd Skynyrd. It features out-takes demos and live versions of songs released on their first six albums. It was certifiedGold on 11/18/1997 by the RIAA.
 Ophidian Wheel is the third full-length album by the Greek death metal band Septic Flesh. In 2013 a reissue containing bonus tracks and new artwork was released thru Season of Mist.
 Kidney Bingos is an EP by English rock band Wire. It was released 1988.
 Reggae Gold 1998 is a compilation album of reggae artists released in 1998. The album spent 82 weeks on Billboard's Reggae Album chart after debuting at #1. Reggae Gold also spent 8 weeks on the Billboard 200.
 The Ice Man Cometh is Jerry Butler's eleventh album released in 1968 (see 1968 in music).
 Live Transmissions From Uranus!! is a full-length album released by the surf rock group Man or Astro-man?. It was recorded live at the Covered Dish in Gainesville Florida on November 19 1994. It was available on CD and on standard black vinyl through Homo Habilis records. It was also released on CD and as a limited 12 picture disc through One Louder records in the UK. It was later reissued through the Chicago-based label Touch and Go Records.
 Collectors Series is a 1985 album by singer-songwriter Dolly Parton.
 I Have a Dream (It Feels Like Home) was the debut studio album from Christian alternative/indie/piano/rock/praise & worship band The City Harmonic which was released on October 18 2011 by Kingsway Music and produced by The City Harmonic in association with Jared Fox. The album received commercial charting successes as well as it became critically acclaimed.
 Soldier of Fortune is a 1997 compilation by Eric Burdon. While it features hits such as Power Company and House of the Rising Sun it also features a few previously unreleased songs. When this compilation released the original version of Wicked Man was retitled I'm a Wicked Man while the later released slow version had the name of the original. This compilation features the slow version.
 Purplish Rain is a compilation of Prince covers released by Spin magazine for readers of its July 2009 issue. The album contains cover versions of songs from Prince's 1984 Purple Rain album in the same track order as the original on the occasion of the album's 25th anniversary. It was not a physical album and was available in its digital format up to September 30 2009. The album cover features text in much the same font as the Purple Rain album but with a drop of water added.
 On Time is Grand Funk Railroad's first studio album released in August 1969 by Capitol Records. It was produced by Terry Knight.Time Machine the band's first single release barely broke the top 50 in the singles charts. However after the success of their second album Grand Funk (aka The Red Album) On Time went gold shortly thereafter in 1970 one of four RIAA gold record awards for the band that year.
 Dig is an album by Miles Davis on Prestige Records catalogue number 7012. It features tracks from a 1951 session at Apex Studios remastered in 1956 by Rudy Van Gelder.
 12 Gauge is the sixth studio album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Kalmah released on February 24 2010. The album was recorded with more thrash metal elements than their previous releases while the melodies that the band is known for and environmental themes regarding the swamps of Finland were retained.
 Aviator was the debut album by rock band Aviator. Released in early 1979 Aviator was co-produced by the band and Robin Lumley from the British jazz-fusion band Brand X. The studio album was released with a total run time of 43:32.
 The Bottom of the Lake is the third album by Melbourne band Tinpan Orange released on Vitamin Records in 2009. The album was produced by Harry Angus of The Cat Empire and Angus also plays several instruments on the album. Lovely was released as a single.
 Volume 5: Anatomic is Afro Celt Sound System's fifth album released on October 4 2005 by Real World Records.
 Lost Boyz Forever is a compilation album from Hip Hop group The Lost Boyz. Group member Freaky Tah was murdered in 1999 and the three remaining members split after their album LB IV Life. DJ Spigg Nice was sentenced to prison after a string of bank robberies leaving only Mr. Cheeks and Pretty Lou remaining.The album is composed of previously unreleased tracks as well as past hits Jeeps Lex Coups Bimaz & Benz and Renee.
 Christmas is the seventh album released by the Sons of the San Joaquin. It marks the first independently produced and released Sons recording since 1991's Bound for the Rio Grande. The songs are all Christmas standards. There would not be an original Sons-related Christmas recording until member Lon Hannah's solo album featured a lone Christmas song called Cowboy Christmas which was a reworking by Sons associate Bill Thornbury of Percy Faith and Spencer Maxwell's Christmas Is.
 A Little Happiness is the second studio album and the first album to be released from American pop/rock singer-songwriter Aimee Allen released on July 21 2009 by Side Tracked Records. The album generated one hit single On Vacation (#49 Billboard Hot AC). Calling the Maker is featured on Tap Tap Revenge 3.
 Go Go Cabaret (Around the World) is the full-length debut album from Japanese punk rock band 54 Nude Honeys released on December 1 1996.
 Apenanti (Greek: Απέναντι; English: Opposite) is the twelfth studio album by popular Greek artist Natasa Theodoridou released on 12 March 2012 by Sony Music Greece.
 Homogenic is the fourth studio album by Icelandic musician Björk released in September 1997. Produced by Björk Mark Bell Guy Sigsworth Howie B and Markus Dravs it was released on One Little Indian Records. The music of Homogenic was a new style for Björk focusing on similar sounding music combining electronic beats and string instruments with songs in tribute to her native country Iceland. Homogenic was originally to be produced in her home in London but was later recorded in Spain.
 Down in the Valley is an Ireland only compilation of songs by alternative country band The Handsome Family. It was released 1999 by Independent Records. The subtitle of the compilation runs: A treasury of their most willowy and haunted songs. The compilation contains tracks from Odessa (1994) (tracks 10 & 13) Milk and Scissors (1996) (tracks 1 3 5 7 9 14) and Through the Trees (1998) (tracks 2 4 6 11 12).
 Friday Night at St. Andrews (originally named Live from St. Andrews) is the third studio album by American rapper and member of D12 Bizarre. Guests include his D12 band mate Kuniva King Gordy Seven the General and Royce da 5'9 non-Detroit standouts include Redman Nate Walka Tech N9ne Yelawolf and Bone Crusher The first single released from the album was Believer which features Tech N9ne and Nate Walka.
 Sylvia Ratonel is the first eponymous studio album by Singaporean singer Sylvia Ratonel. It was released in Singapore on 27 October 2010. The musical direction of the album departed from the usual ballad and acoustic genres Sylvia specialized in during Singapore Idol.
 Fitzcarraldo is the second studio album by The Frames released under the moniker The Frames DC to avoid confusion with the American band of the same name. Another version of the album would be published in 1996. The album was released on ZTT Records in November 1995.
 Annual Waltz is an album by American musician John Hartford released in 1986 (see 1986 in music).
 Melba Moore Live is the third album by singer Melba Moore released in 1972. This album was recorded live at the New York Philharmonic Hall on November 7 1971
 The Blues; That's Me! is an album by jazz saxophonist Illinois Jacquet which was recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label.
 Back to the Grotto is the debut studio album by northern California rock band The Mother Hips. It was recorded in July and December 1992 and released in February 1993. American Recordings re-released the album after signing the band to a recording contract.
 Don Ellis Orchestra 'Live' at Monterey! is a live album by trumpeter Don Ellis recorded in 1966 at the Monterey Jazz Festival and released on the Pacific Jazz label.
 I Remember Duke Hoagy & Strayhorn is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in 1994 and released on the Telarc label.
 Triumvirate is a 1973 collaboration by Mike Bloomfield John Hammond Jr. and Dr. John. Although other recordings were done by the three this is the only album they released together.
 Silky Soul is the seventh studio album and ninth overall album by Bay Area-based R&B group Maze. Released in 1989 on Warner Bros. Records.
 Music for Films (1978) is an ambient album by Brian Eno. It is a conceptual work intended as a soundtrack for imaginary films.
 Premonition is the sixth studio album by guitarist Tony MacAlpine released on August 23 1994 through Shrapnel Records.
 Rane supreme is an album by Italian singer Mina issued in 1987.
 Schwarz Weiss is a 2005 album by Austrian pop/rock singer Christina Stürmer. It was her debut album in Germany and Switzerland and her third studio album in total.The songs Ich Lebe Vorbei and Engel fliegen einsam were released as singles. Stürmer won the 2005 Single of the year Amadeus Austrian Music Award with Engel fliegen einsam.Some of the songs on this album had been released before on her earlier albums in Austria and Italy; however all the songs had alterations.
 Low Budget is the seventeenth studio album by the English rock group The Kinks released in 1979. It was a great success for the group becoming their best-selling non-compilation album peaking at #11 on the US album charts.Low Budget represented a major renaissance for the Kinks especially in the United States.
 Crazy Backwards Alphabet is an album conceived by cartoonist and The Simpsons creator Matt Groening and recorded by Henry Kaiser. The core group features Kaiser on guitar along with Captain Beefheart drummer John French (Drumbo) Dixie Dregs bassist Andy West and Swedish avant-rock drummer Michael Maksymenko.
 Age Of The Fifth Sun is the fifth studio album by Irish post-rock band God Is an Astronaut. The single In The Distance Fading was released on February 12 2010. The album itself was available for pre-order from April 16 2010 and released on May 17 2010. The album art is an original painting by Dave King.
 Normal as Blueberry Pie – A Tribute to Doris Day is the fourth album from American singer-songwriter Nellie McKay. Released by Verve Records it is McKay's first cover album composed of songs previously recorded by American singer and actress Doris Day except the track If I Ever Had a Dream which is an original song written by McKay in tribute to Day.The album with the bonus track I Want To Be Happy was made available through Barnes & Noble.
 Through Tomorrow is the debut album by heavy metal band Seasons After. It was firstly released in 2008 and then remixed and reissued in 2010 with 2 additional tracks. Their first single is 11:11. The second single off the album is their cover of the 1980s classic Cry Little Sister by Gerard McMann' made famous from the film The Lost Boys. The music video for the song premiered on MTV2's Headbanger's Ball.
 Got Nuffin is a single by the indie rock band Spoon. It was released on June 30 2009 by Merge Records. It was the first official Spoon release since the Don't You Evah EP in 2008. The title single recorded at Rare Book Room in Brooklyn with Deerhunter's engineer Nicolas Vernhe reached #43 on Billboard's Rock Songs chart in May 2010.The title track was used in the closing scene of Moving On the seventh season finale of the medical drama House.
 Aces is the third studio album by the American country music singer-songwriter Suzy Bogguss released on August 27 1991 through Liberty Records. The first single released was the titular track Aces. The album spawned three Top #10 hits on the country charts -- Outbound Plane Aces and Letting Go and stayed at number #1 in album sales and in the top ten on the country charts for 5 weeks.
 Definitive INXS is a two-CD compilation of Australian rock band INXS released in 2002. It has almost the same track listing as The Best of INXS.
 Unsung Heroes is the fifth album of the Finnish folk metal band Ensiferum. It was released on August 27 2012 through Spinefarm Records.
 Tryin' Like The Devil is the second album by the Country Singer-songwriter James Talley. It was recorded at Jack Clement Studio B in Nashville Tennessee.
 Mondays Are Like Tuesdays and Tuesdays Are Like Wednesdays is the third studio album by Swedish band Acid House Kings.
 75 is a live album by Austrian-American jazz musician Joe Zawinul and his band the Zawinul Syndicate. It was recorded in 2007 at two of bandleader Joe Zawinul's final performances in Switzerland and Hungary. The album was produced by Joachim Becker and originally released in 2008 by JVC Compact Discs with the Zawinul Estate and Becker serving as executive producers. It was later released by BHM Productions and Heads Up International the BHM release with the alternate title 75th.
 Revolverlution is the eighth studio album by American hip hop group Public Enemy released July 23 2002 on Koch Records in the United States. The album debuted at number 110 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart. Upon its release it received generally positive reviews from most music critics based on an aggregate score of 65/100 from Metacritic.
 Breakup Song is the eleventh studio album by the band Deerhoof. It was released on September 4 2012 on Polyvinyl Records. A music video for the album's title track was released on June 3rd 2013. It was directed by Pieter Dirkx.
 Slope is the debut solo album by drummer Steve Jansen released in 2007 by Samadhi Sound. The album includes guest musicians and was recorded all over the world.Jansen said: With this album I approached composition attempting to avoid chord and song structures and the usual familiar building blocks. Instead I wanted to piece together unrelated sounds music samples rhythms and 'events' in an attempt to deviate from my own trappings as a musician.
 Fin de Siglo (End of Century) (1998) is the fifteenth studio album by Mexican Rock Blues band El Tri. The most successful single was Nostalgia a song about the generational circle completing with the end of century. The band count with the participation of famous singer-songwriter and producer Andres Calamaro.
 Everyday 3 is the third mini album by the South Korean girl group Girl's Day. It was released on January 3 2014 with the song Something as title track.
 The CD Singles '91–95' is a boxed set of nine CD singles by Morrissey from My Love Life (1991) to Sunny (1995).
 Time Again... Amy Grant Live is the 21st album by Christian music singer-songwriter Amy Grant released on September 26 2006 (see 2006 in music).Time Again is Grant's first live album since the twin 1981 releases In Concert and In Concert Volume Two. This performance was recorded in the same city (Ft. Worth Texas) as was the singer's very first paid performance back in 1978.
 Meet Miss Young and Her All Boy Band is Kristeen Young's debut album.
 Sorry for Partyin' is Bowling for Soup's tenth studio album and sixth and final album with Jive Records. It is also the first ever BFS album to be released by RCA Records. It was released on October 12 2009. It debuted at No. 104 on the Billboard 200 and No. 47 on Rock albums. No single was released to the radio for the album.
 Our Biggest Thing Ever is the studio album by Indonesian band Last Child released in 2012. In marketing this album Last Child and the record label working with KFC that this album will be circulated in all KFC stores in Indonesia.
 Caesura is Keith Kenniff's fourth studio album under his Helios moniker.
 Fome is the fourth album from the Chilean rock band Los Tres in 1997. Considered by many critics as their best album the album is undoubtedly the most diverse group from Concepción which explores a wealth of musical styles in what the group termed a kind of casserole Chilean music where diversity is given by the number of existing music The disc contains a picture corresponding to an advertisement by the encyclopedia Monitor fascicles of Salvat of the 1960s.
 Changing Faces was the third and final studio album from British pop band Bros. It was released in 1991 and was the first album where Matt Goss and Luke Goss co-wrote all the songs. It was also the first time that Nicky Graham was not involved in either writing or production duties. The album reached #18 in the UK and spawned two singles both of which failed to chart in the Top Ten in the UK Singles charts.
 2X4 is the third album by Guadalcanal Diary. It was released in 1987. It was number 64 on Paste Magazine's The 80 Best Albums of the 1980s wherein they called it a masterpiece.
 Darkel is the debut solo album by Darkel (Jean-Benoît Dunckel) one-half of the French electronica band Air. It was released in September 2006 (see 2006 in music).
 Techno Animal Versus Reality is a remix album by the Illbient band Techno Animal released on March 30 1998 through City Slang.
 Würst is a compilation album by KMFDM released on September 28 2010. It contains mixes and edits of new and classic KMFDM tracks. The album was also released as the first disc of a double-disc compilation called Greatest Shit.
 Family is the second album by indie band Le Loup. It was released on September 22 2009.
 Kelly is the fifth studio album by American R&B singer-songwriter Kelly Price released on May 3 2011 on the labels My Block Records and Malaco Records. The album received three Grammy nominations at the 54th Grammy Awards for Best R&B Song Best R&B Performance (both for the song Not My Daddy) and Best R&B Album. Price arranged all of the vocals on the album.
 Atlas is the third studio album by Real Estate released in March 2014 through Mexican Summer (US) and Domino Records (Europe).
 Tomorrow is the second album by pop punk band SR-71 featuring the Top 30 hit Tomorrow. It was the first to feature John Allen on drums since Dan Garvin left after Now You See Inside. My World would later be re-recorded by Bo Bice for his debut album The Real Thing in which frontman Mitch Allan played guitar and bass.
 Turn the Radio Off is the second full-length album by ska punk band Reel Big Fish. It was released in the U.S. in 1996 on Mojo Records.The single Sell Out received radio airplay and was a minor success during 1997. Sell Out also appeared on the soundtrack to the video games FIFA 2000 Aggressive Inline and Disney's Extreme Skate Adventure. KROQ air personality Jed The Fish appears on the album cover with a gun in his face held by Aaron's (then-) girlfriend.
 Transparent is the second studio album by the American Christian duo LaRue formed by the siblings Natalie LaRue and Phillip LaRue released on January 24 2001 on CD.
 En Direct de L'Olympia was the first album released by French singer Mireille Mathieu after her television amateur contest success in November of 1965 and debut performance at the Paris Olympia in December. The arrangements and musical direction for this album were provided by the orchestra leader and composer Paul Mauriat. Together with song writer André Pascal they contributed Mon credo Pourquoi mon amour and Viens dans ma rue.Singles and EP's from this album appeared in gatefold format.
 Crystal Castles is the first studio album by electronic music duo Crystal Castles released on the March 18th 2008 through Lies Records. The album is a compilation of the band's previous sold-out singles early unreleased tracks and three new songs recorded for the album. Before the album's release the original cover which featured Trevor Brown's black-eyed Madonna artwork was banned due to distributors in the U.S.
 Deep Heat 4 - Play With Fire is a continuation of Telstar Records Deep Heat compilation series released in September 1989. Containing 32 dance tracks. It continued the series' success reaching #2 on the Compilations Chart and was awarded a UK Gold Disc for album sales in excess of 100000 copies. As with the rest of the series the album features dance music styles of the time including techno acid house and hip house.
 Transcend into Ferocity is the second studio album from Swedish death metal band Visceral Bleeding.
 A Strangely Isolated Place is the second album by Ulrich Schnauss released in 2003.
 There Is No Beginning to the Story is an EP by Bright Eyes. The songs on it are fairly varied with From a Balance Beam and Loose Leaves having more electronic qualities while Messenger Bird's Song and We Are Free Men are more rooted in acoustic. The 12 vinyl edition includes 2 extra songs: Amy in the White Coat a harrowing song about a father's sexual abuse of his daughter and Out on the Weekend a Neil Young cover.This album is the 45th release of Saddle Creek Records.
 Ay Te Dejo en San Antonio y Más! is title of a studio album released by American performer Flaco Jiménez. It was released in 1986 by Arhoolie Records. Jiménez was awarded the Best Mexican-American/Tejano Music Performance at the 29th Grammy Awards with the album.
 Sound of Speed is an extended play (EP) by the Scottish rock band The Jesus & Mary Chain released in 1993. The EP was released by Blanco y Negro Records on 7-inch vinyl 10-inch vinyl cassette single and CD single. It reached number 30 on the UK Singles Chart. William Reid and Jim Reid were the producers for all the tracks.
 Open Sesame is the first full-length album by Shaft. It was released in 2004 on Lil' Chief Records although a number of the songs featured had been in the band's live set for almost a decade. The band played a show to support the launch of the album in which an attempt was made to feature as many ex-members of the band as possible. The show culminated with nine people on stage including two drummers and four guitarists.
 Dahmer is a concept album by American grindcore/death metal band Macabre about Jeffrey Dahmer released in 2000. The songs comprise a biography of the life of Jeffrey Dahmer; therefore they are in chronological order.
 Immortalizer is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Valient Thorr released in 2008.
 The Kingsmen 15 Great Hits is the fifth album by the rock band The Kingsmen released in 1966.
 Door Harp is the first studio album by Widespread Panic Lead Guitarist Michael Houser. Door Harp is the first solo studio album by Michael Houser former lead guitarist of Widespread Panic released posthumously on September 24 2002 on Sanctuary Records. Recorded in John Keane's studio in Athens GA in March 2002 the all-instrumental album features Mikey on guitar mandolin and piano. Bandmate Domingo S.
 Perception is an album by flugelhorn player Art Farmer's Quartet featuring performances recorded in 1961 and originally released on the Argo label.
 Vicentico 5 (2012) is the fifth album by Argentine Rock pop Singer/songwriter Vicentico.
 Gold Coast is a compilation album by jazz musicians John Coltrane and Wilbur Harden released in 1977 just after Dial Africa: The Savoy Sessions featuring pieces recorded during the two 1958 sessions that produced Tanganyika Strut and Jazz Way Out.
 To the Nameless Dead is the sixth studio album by the Irish black metal band Primordial released in 2007. It is also available in a limited edition as a digibook featuring a different cover design a 40 page booklet and a bonus DVD. The album was recorded at Foel Studio Wales with producer Chris Fielding. It was recorded using all analog equipment and using mostly first or second takes for the final recording making for a more raw and spontaneous sound.
 Failer is the commercial debut album by Canadian singer-songwriter Kathleen Edwards. It was released January 14 2003 on the independent labels MapleMusic in Canada and Zoë Records in the United States and features the singles Six O'Clock News and Hockey Skates.Rolling Stone declared Edwards one of year's most promising new acts and Blender said that Failer's songs possessed an indefinable pull that makes you love the characters they describe.
 The Streetsweeper Vol. 2 is the second album by American DJ DJ Kay Slay released on March 30 2004 through Columbia Records.The album was the follow-up to Kay Slay's The Streetsweeper Vol. 1 released the previous year. This album followed the same format as the last several of hip-hop's biggest artists including 50 Cent and Eminem perform songs produced by prominent hip hop producers ranging from Swizz Beatz to Kanye West.
 No Said Date is the solo debut album by Wu-Tang Clan member Masta Killa an American hip hop musician. With dark and dramatic beats and samples from martial arts films (most notably the song Masta Killa which featured samples of Bruce Lee) the album has a sound reminiscent of Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) as it features all nine of the original Wu-Tang Clan members including Ol' Dirty Bastard (in his last musical appearance before his death in 2004).
 Eiszeit (German for Ice age) is the fourth album by German Neue Deutsche Härte band Eisbrecher.
 Fear of God is the first official studio album by industrial band Deitiphobia who had been known as Donderfliegen up until that time. It was originally released in late 1991 by Blonde Vinyl. The album was later reissued in 1998 by Flaming Fish Music alongside a reissue of Digital Priests - the Remixes. The reissue features three additional tracks and two of the tracks from the original release are merged.
 Youth Quake is the thirteenth studio album by Beenie Man. The album's notes state that Tracks 11 and 12 were recorded when Beenie Man was in his early teens.
 El Greco Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is an audio CD featuring the music score for the 2007 film El Greco by Greek electronic composer and artist Vangelis released in Greece and Cyprus by Universal Music Greece. The film directed by Yannis Smaragdis follows the life of Greek painter Doménicos Theotokópoulos as he travels to Italy and Spain where he becomes known as El Greco (The Greek).
 A Means to an End: The Music of Joy Division is a tribute album featuring various artists covering the songs of Joy Division.
 Jagged Little Pill Acoustic is a compilation album by Alanis Morissette. As the title indicates it is an acoustic version of her third album Jagged Little Pill (1995) released by Maverick Records in the United States on June 13 2005 (see 2005 in music). It was only available at North American Starbucks outlets until 26 July 2005 when it was made available in other retail stores.
 Mind Funk is the first album released in 1991 of the band Mind Funk.
 Behind Closed Doors is an album by Norwegian singer-songwiter Maria Solheim released in 2002 by Kirkelig Kulturverksted (FXCD 253).
 The Video Collection 93:99 is the second music video compilation by American singer-songwriter Madonna. Released by Warner Music Vision Warner Reprise Video and Warner Bros. Records on November 2 1999 it contained the music video of Madonna's singles released between 1993 to 1999.
 The Low Spark of High Heeled Boys is the sixth album by English rock band Traffic released in 1971. As with other Traffic albums The Low Spark of High Heeled Boys featured different forms and offshoots of rock including jazz rock progressive rock as well as classic rock and roll. The title of the album was suggested by the actor Michael J.
 The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine Anymore is the second American album by the American pop group The Walker Brothers. Released in 1966 the album was the group's fourth overall.Portrait was not released in the USA. In its place Smash Records compiled The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine Anymore as the group's second American album.
 Zounds is the third album by Dappled Cities released in 2009 through Dangerbird Records. The album comes two years after their previous release Granddance during which time the band was touring the US with the likes of The Fratellis and Tokyo Police Club with a few forays home riding shotgun to Silverchair Modest Mouse and LCD Soundsystem. At this point the band had uprooted from their home of Sydney and settled States-side.
 Halloween is a live album by Frank Zappa released in DVD-Audio format by Vaulternative Records in 2003. It features recordings compiled from various shows at The Palladium New York City in late October 1978—including a Halloween show on October 31—along with some video content from the same period.
 The Sound of a Million Dreams is the second studio album by American country music artist David Nail. It was released on November 15 2011 via MCA Nashville.
 Method Music is a double-album of electronic music by the English composer and mathematician Lawrence Ball created using the compositional system that would become The Lifehouse Method an online-based compositional project conceived by Pete Townshend of The Who to compose customized algorithmically-generated musical portraits.
 Kitty Girls' is the self-titled debut album by the Filipino pop singing group Kitty Girls. It was released on 2008 by Star Records.
 Mesa sti nihta ton allon (Μέσα στην νύχτα των άλλων) is the final album for the band Trypes. The band's break-up was announced shortly after the album was released.
 Tokyo – New York by the band Vodka Collins is an EMI-Toshiba LP recorded in 1971-72. The album was a top seller and yielded hit singles Sands of Time Automatic Pilot and Billy Mars. The album was produced by Masatoshi Hashiba who also produced the successful Sadistic Mika Band for EMI at around the same time. Tokyo - New York was reissued in Japan on April 20 2005.
 Lioness is the self-titled EP and first release from Canadian indie rock band Lioness. It was released on October 21 2008 in Canada by New Romantic Music.
 Behind The Player: Tim Skold is an Interactive Music Video featuring Marilyn Manson guitarist/bassist/producer Tim Skold. Released on November 1 2008 by IMV the DVD features Tim giving in-depth guitar and bass lessons for how to play Putting Holes in Happiness by Marilyn Manson and an intimate behind-the scenes look at his life as a professional musician including rare photos and video.
 Nobody Does It Like Me is a 1974 album by Shirley Bassey. Bassey had been on a roll since 1970 scoring three top ten singles and three ten top albums (and several other re-issues and compilations that sold well). Nobody Does It Like Me was recorded with a new producer George Butler and brought a partial return to the traditional pop sound of Bassey's pre-1970s career.
 La'ale' Khaleejiya is the third studio album by Yara and her first 100% Khaliji album.It is extremely rare for non-Khaliji singers to sing in entire albums dedicated to the Khaliji dialect since its one of the hardest to master and Khaliji audience tend to be preferential when it comes to non-Khaliji singers singing in their style.[citation needed]The first Lebanese singer ever to release a pure Khaliji album like Yara was Lebanese U.A.E based singer Diana Haddad in 2002 with her highly accalaimed successful album Law Yesaloni passing the way. 
 Obey the Cattle! is the first solo-recording released by guitarist Rajiv Patel. This EP was released by Sunset Alliance in 2003.
 Neu! 4 is the fourth and final studio album by Krautrock band Neu!. It was revised and re-released as Neu '86 in 2010.
 Big River is an album by Australian country musician Troy Cassar-Daley. It was released in 1999 after working with Garth Porter who had previously helped Lee Kernaghan's rise to national fame. The name of the album was in memory of the area of his Grafton home. At the 2000 Australia Country Music Awards Troy won Best Male Vocal and Song of The Year for They Don't Make 'Em Like That Anymore.
 Best & USA is the second greatest hits album by South Korean pop singer BoA. The album was released on March 18 2009 in three formats: CD 2CD and a limited 2CD+2DVD edition.The album is certified Gold by RIAJ for shipment of 100000 copies.
 Going Down is a remix album by the English electronic group Client. It was released in 2004 by Toast Hawaii as a download-only release on the band's website. The album collected various remixes for the singles from the Client album. The remixes were culled mainly from the 12 singles released.
 The 1999 demo of Papa Roach was never released. The demo includes the songs Infest Last resort Broken Home She Loves Me Not and Dead Cell. These four songs were included on Papa Roach's first major label debut album Infest. The song She Loves Me Not was re-recorded for Lovehatetragedy 2002.
 L-R-G / The Maze / S II Examples is an album by American jazz saxophonist Roscoe Mitchell recorded in 1978 and released originally as a double LP on Nessa Records. It was reissued in 1989 as a single CD.
 Turn Of My Century is the first solo album by the Greek guitarist and keyboardist Bob Katsionis. It was released in 2002 under the label Lion Music. Katsionis is currently in the band Firewind. It was rereleased in Japan in 2004 with new cover art and a bonus video.
 It Doesn't Matter is the debut album by the band The Underdog Project released in Germany on November 20 2000 (see 2000 in music) on Radikal Records. The album combines a variety of music styles like R&B 2-step beats and reggae there are also ballads and a cappella tracks included. The album received a lot of attention in Germany it was later released in the United States on July 24 2001. It Doesn't Matter released a total of three singles: Summer Jam Tonight and I Can't Handle It
 Hamilton Joe Frank & Reynolds was the debut album for the band of the same name. Two singles were lifted from this album: Annabella and the band's first top 40 hit Don't Pull Your Love (shown as Don't Pull Your Love Out on the album).
 Two soundtrack albums were released from the 2007 film Zodiac.The first album Zodiac: Songs from the Motion Picture was released by Lakeshore Records on February 27 2007 and features various popular music pertaining to the time periods covered in the film.The second album Zodiac: Original Motion Picture Score was released by Varèse Sarabande on March 13 2007 and features the music of David Shire.Originally the film's director David Fincher envisioned the film’s soundtrack to be composed of 40 cues of vintage music spanning the nearly three decades of the Zodiac story. 
 Full Circle is the third album from heavy metal band Drowning Pool released on August 7 2007. It is their first of two studio releases with Ryan McCombs then former singer of SOiL who joined the band after the departure of Jason 'Gong' Jones in 2005. This album has a less heavy post-grunge-oriented sound compared to the band's previous studio album Desensitized.
 Dying to Say This to You is the second studio album in English by Swedish New Wave group The Sounds. It was released on 15 March 2006 in Sweden and 21 March 2006 in the United States. The album blends Swedish-influenced New Wave music with a sassy and spunky delivery by vocalist Maja Ivarsson reminiscent of Blondie.
 ...Life Is but a Dream is the debut studio album by Canadian country music artist Joel Feeney. It was released in 1993 by MCA Records. It includes the singles Say the Word By Heart Everything to Me Tears Don't Lie What Kind of Man and Life Is Just a Dream.
 Åkerströms blandning (English: Åkerström's mix) is the last album by the Swedish folk singer-songwriter and guitar player Fred Åkerström.
 Zdravko Čolić is the seventh studio album by Zdravko Čolić released in 1987.
 Population Override is the twelfth studio album by Buckethead but it could be seen as his first full collaboration with keyboardist Travis Dickerson. The album is a tribute to the great vinyl records of the '60s and '70s with songs more often than not drifting off into long jams.The album was written after the sessions for the album Brain Circus by Cornbugs which features Buckethead Bill Choptop Moseley Pinchface and Travis Dickerson.
 Best of Animetal (アニメタルのベスト Animetaru no Besuto) is a compilation album by Japanese heavy metal band Animetal composed of the A-sides of the various singles they had released from 1996 to 1998. With the exception of Animetal (which was previously released under Funhouse Records) all of the singles were released by Sony Music Entertainment in Japan.
 Step Into My World (Anthology) is a compilation album by British rock band Hurricane #1 released in 2004. The anthology is an 30-track double album including previously unreleased tracks rare B-sides and remixes. In addition the anthology features a picture sleeve and extensive liner notes written by Andy Bell.
 The Wood and the Wire is an album released in 2000 by folk rock band Fairport Convention.Gerry Conway returned to Fairport on drums for his first appearance since 1973 but the album most strongly features Chris Leslie who alone and with Nigel Stonier composed and took lead parts on most of it. The result according to Allmusic was that Leslie seems to have been part of this moveable feast for much longer than three years..
 Mighty Wind is an album that was released to celebrate gospel musician Andrae Crouch's 40th year of recording gospel music. Crouch was able to get many well-known gospel singers to guest star on the project including Marvin Winans (All Because of Jesus) Karen Clark-Sheard (Jesus Is Lord) Fred Hammond (Oh Give Thanks) and Crystal Lewis (We Give You Glory).
 Zénith An II is a live album by the French progressive rock band Ange. It was released in 2007.
 Ricky is the solo debut album by actor and singer Ricky Nelson released in November 1957. Much of the album is in the pop-rock genre focusing mostly on standards. It has since been re-issued on iTunes.
 Pomračenje sunca (English: Solar Eclipse) is the fourteenth studio album by Bosnian singer Lepa Brena released in 2000.This was her final of twelve albums with the band that she started her career with Slatki Greh.
 Gonna Make U Jump is a compilation album by hip hop duo Kris Kross and the duo's last album. Although it is a compilation this album only has four out of the ten singles released by the group. Due to this fact the album was not well received but was certified gold by the RIAA.It was the last time the duo was heard of as they have disappeared from the public.
 Seventy-Second Brave is the fifth album by the Keef Hartley Band.
 Photographs was first performed at the Cornerstone festival in 2006 where Lakes also sold a limited number (200 copies) of the EP. The first public release was on August 3 2006 in a digital format as an Absolute Punk exclusive. The band and label maintain the physical release date of September 5 2006 as the official release date.
 Linger Awhile: Live at Newport and More is a 2000 album by Sarah Vaughan featuring eight tracks recorded at the 1957 Newport Jazz Festival and studio tracks from 1978 and 1982.
 Linda Ronstadt is the third solo album by Linda Ronstadt released in early 1972 on the Capitol Records label. The album was a sales failure prompting Linda's exit from Capitol Records. It peaked at #163 on Billboard's Pop Album Chart and #35 on Billboard's Country Album Chart. It is considered to be a front-runner in the country rock music genre.
 Saana - Warrior of Light is Timo Tolkki's third solo album released in 2008.
 Looking Forward is also the title of a science fiction anthology edited by Milton Lesser.Looking Forward is the fourteenth album by Crosby Stills Nash & Young and the third studio album by the quartet. It was released on Reprise Records in 1999 and peaked at #26 on the Billboard 200. It is their final studio album to date and is currently out of print.
 Luxembourg is the fourth album by English rock band The Bluetones. It was released on 12 May 2003 on Superior Quality Recordings. It was re-issued on Cooking Vinyl on 15 May 2006. Its offspring singles were a Fast Boy/Liquid Lips double-A side and Never Going Nowhere.The title of the album refers to the song You're No Fun Anymore about an S&M relationship which has lost its spark. Luxembourg is the escape word used.
 After Hours is a 1996 studio album for Novus Records by jazz guitarist John Pizzarelli and his trio. Most of the album consists of old standards and features guests like Randy Sandke and Harry Allen.
 Opium fürs Volk (Opium for the people) is the seventh studio album by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen. Although it's not considered a concept album it has a central theme of religion (exemplified by the intro Vaterunser Die zehn Gebote and Paradies). It's regarded as one of the best DTH albums.[1][2] The title is derived from a common misquotation of Karl Marx who called religion the Opium of the People - Opium des Volkes.
 A Collection of Pop Classics is an album by American hardcore punk band Reagan Youth. It was released after the break-up of the band in 1989 and the suicide of lead singer Dave Rubinstein in 1993. The record is a compilation of the band's two studio albums Volume 1 and Volume 2.
 January Songs was a one month project undertook by British singer-songwriter Darren Hayman. Each song was written and recorded throughout January 2011 accompanied by a music video and video diaries. A special 'anniversary' physical release of the album was released in January 2012. A limited edition of 1500 came with sleeves individually hand-drawn by Hayman.
 The Sky Is Falling and I Want My Mommy is an album recorded by Jello Biafra with punk band NoMeansNo. The project came about after Nomeansno and Biafra had collaborated (on the song Falling Space Junk (Hold the Anchovies)) for the soundtrack to the underground film Terminal City Ricochet.
 Summer Love Songs is a 2009 compilation of music by the Beach Boys released through Capitol Records. The compilation as the title suggests is themed around love songs and contains 20 songs recorded from 1963-1970 that fit this theme. Included are new stereo mixes of Don't Worry Baby Why Do Fools Fall in Love (featuring a never before heard intro) Hushabye I'm So Young Good to My Baby and Time to Get Alone.
 Harlequin is an album by American pianist Dave Grusin and American guitarist Lee Ritenour released in 1985 recorded for the GRP label. The album reached #2 on Billboard's Contemporary Jazz chart.Harlequin earned a 1986 Grammy award for Best Arrangement On An Instrumental for 'Early A.M. Attitude' (track #2). The album also earned Grammy nominations for Best Engineered Recording Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocals and Best Pop Instrumental Performance.
 State of Mind released in 1997 is an album by Netherlands power metal band Elegy.
 This article describes the 28th album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 28 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 28 was released on June 3 2008. The album is the 28th edition of the (U.S.) Now! series.
 This article describes the 45th album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 45 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 45 is the 45th edition of the Now! series in the United States. It was released on February 5 2013 on CD and from major digital retailers. The album debuted at No.
 ENZSO 2 is the second release by the ENZSO project led by Eddie Rayner. The orchestral recording sessions were held at Symphony House in Wellington and National Radio Studios for the National Youth Choir. The cover art continues with the orchestral theme from the previous album. Unlike the first ENZSO album Tim and Neil Finn did not make appearances.
 Their self-titled album was the second release from the South Dakota band.
 Diversity is the fifth LP released by the reggae artist Gentleman.
 Pacific Coast Rambler is the second album by the Original Harmony Ridge Creekdippers. As with their first release it is a home-made recording with the focus on Mark Olson.Pacific Coast Rambler was re-released in 2001 by Koch Records.
 Waking into Nightmares is the second album by the American thrash metal band Warbringer released on May 19 2009 in the U.S. and May 25 2009 in Europe. It was produced by Gary Holt founding guitarist of thrash metal band Exodus. Artwork done by Dan Seagrave. A video for the song Severed Reality was produced. Walking into Nightmares sold over 2000 copies in its first week of release in the U.S.
 We're Not Happy 'til You're Not Happy is the fifth LP by Orange County ska punk band Reel Big Fish.The follow-up to the band's moderately successful Cheer Up! We're Not Happy 'til You're Not Happy' was released on April 5 2005 on Mojo Records. Compared to the previous album which was more lighthearted and cheerful Allmusic describes the songs in the album as angry and embittered but also deemed the album as super catchy.
 Forever in a Day is the second studio album by American R&B group Day26 released on April 14 2009.
 The Pink Opaque is a 1986 compilation album composed of tracks originally recorded between 1982 and 1985 by Cocteau Twins. A joint release by the UK-based 4AD (the band's label) and the USA-based Relativity Records it was the band's the first official domestic USA release.
 1 2 3 4 – Bullenstaat! [1 2 3 4 – Cop state!] is an EP by Die Ärzte. This EP was only sold at concerts. It features some live punk-song covers and a faster version of Paul. The band's name on the cover reads die Ärezte and in the booklet eure Ärezteh!! [your Ärezteh!!]. All of the songs were later released as bonus tracks on 5 6 7 8 – Bullenstaat!.
 Soul in Love is the fourth studio album and second cover album by Filipino singer Jay R released in January 2008 by Universal Records. The album showcases his vocal quality and range singing classical R&Bs and jazzes that he grew up listening to like After the Love Has Gone Always and Forever and Ain't No Sunshine. It received highly positive reviews from OPM critics and won numerous awards for his outstanding vocal performance.
 Trail of Stars is the ninth album by American alternative country band The Walkabouts released on August 2 1999 through Glitterhouse Records. It's their return album to Glitterhouse formerly Sub Pop Europe after a two album detour with major label Virgin.
 98 Mute is the debut release by the hardcore punk band 98 Mute. It was released on May 3 1996 on Theologian Records. It was co-produced by Pennywise's guitarist Fletcher Dragge and features Justin Thirsk on drums the brother of the late Jason Thirsk Pennywise bass player. It was the first of four albums before the band split up. They followed this album with Class of 98 in 1998.
 Revelation is the debut studio album released by American pop group Sons of Sylvia. It was released in the United States on April 27 2010. The first single is Love Left to Lose which they performed on American Idol on April 28 2010. The album's second single I'll Know You released to radio on 2010.
 Ballad Collection II released in 2000 is the eleventh album (by Japanese release only) by Symphonic Rock vocalist Lana Lane. It is the follow-up to Lana's first Ballad Collection. Just like the first Ballad Collection this album was only released in Japan. Half of the ballads featured on this album are actually covers.
 Come Hell or High Water is the second studio album from the experimental rock group The Flowers of Hell. Released in April 2009 the album was recorded in over 40 sessions with 30 musicians in London Prague Toronto Detroit and Texas. According to an interview in Now magazine and a review in URB the album was conceived of as a celebration of synaesthesia and composer Greg Jarvis based the composing recording arranging and preliminary mixing on his synaesthetic visions.
 Life Is Sweet is the third album by American singer/songwriter Maria McKee released in 1996 (see 1996 in music). According to her official site this album is her favorite.[citation needed]
 Sing the Night Away is a 5 track EP (plus the Bonus Track) by the New Zealand band Steriogram. It was released at concerts during the 2002 NZ Schools Tour. A music video was made for the song Sing The Night Away although none of these tracks made their debut album Schmack!. Sing the Night Away Free and Big Lady Loving featured on singles from the album Schmack! and White Trash (DLT remix) features on the Schmack! 2005 Special Tour Edition.
 The Tower of Power! is an album by saxophonist Dexter Gordon which was recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label.
 N.W.A's Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album originally released on July 2 1996. The re-released version contains two bonus tracks by the reunited group. The track Chin Check was recorded by Ice Cube Dr. Dre MC Ren and Snoop Dogg under the N.W.A name for the soundtrack of Next Friday. Whereas Hello first appeared on Ice Cube's sixth studio album War & Peace - Volume 2 (The Peace Disc) and featured Dr. Dre & MC Ren.
 The Songs All Sound the Same is a singles collection by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers. It was originally released in 1992 on eMpty Records. This album led ultimately to the signing of the band with Sub Pop. It was remastered and released on the Mid-Fi label with three bonus tracks new artwork and liner notes by Eddie Spaghetti in2001.
 Red Hot Rhythm and Blues is a 1987 album by the American singer Diana Ross. It peaked at a disappointing #73 on the Billboard album chart #47 in the UK. It also made the charts in Germany the Netherlands and Austria as well as reaching the top 20 in Sweden and Norway. It was Ross's final album for RCA Records. The album included the Top 15 US R&B and UK Top 50 hit Dirty Looks written by Richard Scher & Lotti Golden and the ballad It's Hard for Me to Say produced by Luther Vandross.
 Another Cycle is a 1971 album by Jimmy Cliff. It was recorded at Muscle Shoals Sound Studio in Alabama USA.
 Deuces is an album by the Charlie Daniels Band. All the songs are duets with other country artists. It was released on October 9 2007.
 The Perfect Machine is a 2005 album by Vision Divine. It is a concept album dealing with a scientist who is able to put an end to death and disease for all mankind and thus make the human race immortal. The story considers the social and religious aspects of what such a discovery could bring.
 Robot Monster is the ninth album by Canadian guitarist Don Ross released in 2003. It is his third and final recording on the Narada/Virgin label. The CD takes its name from the Sci-Fi movie.
 Silk Electric is a 1982 album released by American singer Diana Ross on the RCA label. It reached #27 in the USA (#5 R&B) #33 in the UK and the top 20 in Sweden Norway and the Netherlands. The album cover was designed by Andy Warhol. The LP contained Ross' Top 10 Grammy-nominated single Muscles which was produced and written by Michael Jackson.
 Here's the Deal is the third album by Liquid Soul released and nominated for a Grammy Award in 2000.
 Fotheringay is the self-titled album by the group formed by Sandy Denny after she left Fairport Convention in 1969 and was the group's only release until 2008. It was recorded in 1970 with former Eclection member and Denny's future husband Trevor Lucas with Gerry Conway Jerry Donahue and Pat Donaldson.
 The Dollyrots vs. Bowling for Soup is a 7 split EP released by pop punk bands The Dollyrots and Bowling for Soup in which the bands cover each other's songs with The Dollyrots covering Bowling for Soup's High School Never Ends and Bowling for Soup covering The Dollyrots' Because I'm Awesome. It was limited to 1000 copies that were signed by both bands and sold through Bowling for Soup's online store as well as during Bowling for Soup and The Dollyrots West Coast U.S.
 Tool of the Man is the fourth album by American alternative rock band Poster Children released in 1993. The title of the album comes from graffiti written in dust on the band's van during the South by Southwest Festival: Poster Children Band of the Year Tool of the Man. The album art consists of several optical illusions including an afterimage of the United States flag on the front cover.
 Before Too Long: Triple J's Tribute to Paul Kelly is a 3× CD tribute album by Various Artists of tracks originally performed by Australian singer-songwriter Paul Kelly which was released on 12 February 2010. Two discs were recorded at two live concerts sponsored by national radio station Triple J on 13 and 14 November 2009 at the Forum Theatre. The concerts celebrated Kelly's 30th year as a recording artist and were organised by Richard Kingsmill musical director at Triple J.
 Unfinished Revolution is an album by Irish singer Christy Moore released in 1987.
 Naked Apes and Pond Life was the seventh full-length Shriekback album. This 2000 release was a surprise resurfacing for the band after almost a decade of quiet. It gathered many songs performed in intimate appearances in London over the preceding years recorded in the studio by Barry Andrews Martyn Barker Lu Edmonds (last seen on 1985's Oil & Gold) as well as Simon Edwards and Mark Raudva.
 Sad Clown Bad Fall 10 is a 5-track EP that was released in October 2007 by Atmosphere. This EP was released to hold listeners over while producers Slug and Ant put the finishing touches on their LP When Life Gives You Lemons You Paint That Shit Gold that was released in 2008.
 7800° Fahrenheit is the second studio album by American rock band Bon Jovi released on March 27 1985 through Mercury Records. The album's title was a reference to the supposed melting point of rock. The album introduced the classic '80s Bon Jovi logo that would later on be used in Slippery When Wet and New Jersey.The album recorded in six weeks between January and March 1985 at the Warehouse Studios in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.
 S-mode #2 is the 2nd single compilation album by Masami Okui released on 25 February 2004.
 Restless is the seventh full-length studio release from Maryland-based soul band Starpoint. It was released in 1985 and was produced by the team of Keith Diamond & Lionel Job (Diamond is also credited for writing two and co-writing four more of the eight selections here). It featured their biggest pop chart hit in the song Object of My Desire which peaked at number 25 in 1985.
 Three Chord Opera is the twenty-fifth studio album by Neil Diamond. It was released by Columbia Records in 2001 and reached number 15 on the Billboard 200 chart. One song from the album You're the Best Part of Me reached number 28 on the Billboard Adult Contempary chart.
 Hustlenomics is the second studio album by rapper Yung Joc. It was released by Bad Boy Records on August 28 2007.
 The Umbersun is the fourth album by neoclassical band Elend. It is the third and final album in the Officium Tenebrarum trilogy.
 Healing Through Fire is the sixth full-length album by Orange Goblin released in 2007. This is their first album released on Sanctuary Records and their first not to be released by Rise Above Records. Ben Ward said of the album: It's not a concept album at all but we are using the theme of the Great Plague of London and the Great Fire that followed for a lot of lyrical and musical influence.
 N.B. is the second studio album released by British singer-songwriter Natasha Bedingfield. It was released in the United Kingdom on 30 April 2007 through Phonogenic Records. Upon release the album was praised for Bedingfield's vocals and the fun theme to the records however some critics were disappointed noting that the material was not as catchy as her debut project Unwritten.
 Scream 2 is the fifth studio album by German trance producer & DJ Markus Schulz released on 21 February 2014 by Armada Music.
 Live Parc des Princes Paris (2008) is Mika's second live DVD. It is a one-off stadium show with a crowd of 55000 recorded at Paris on 4 July 2008. The DVD also features a documentary following the initial idea of the show through to the production.In Bonus Features it includes the music video for the song Lollipop a live performance of Grace Kelly and the making-of the design and others in the show.
 Best Days is the third studio album by American recording artist Tamela Mann released on Mann's own independent record label Tillyman Music Group on August 14 2012. Best Days debuted at number fourteen on the US Billboard 200 and topped the Top Gospel Albums chart becoming Mann's highest charting album to date.
 Feedback 86 is a solo album by guitarist Steve Hackett. The album is a collection of songs written in 1986 but put on the shelf. Some of the songs were supposed to be on the aborted second GTR album. The album features guest appearances by singer Bonnie Tyler Queen guitarist Brian May and Marillion members Ian Mosley and Pete Trewavas.
 Uncollected is a compilation album by Galaxie 500 originally released in 1996 as a part of the Galaxie 500 box set. It was later reissued as a single disc in 2004 by Rykodisc Records
 Just Listen is the second overall mini album by South Korean singer Younha.
 Everything Wrong Is Imaginary is a 2006 album by Lilys released on the Manifesto label.
 Recital is a studio album released by jazz pianist Dave Burrell. It was recorded on August 8 2000 and released in 2001 by the label CIMP. The album is duet with bassist Tyrone Brown. The album is consider as simple yet stately.
 Live at the Paradiso – Amsterdam is Live's first live concert album and DVD.
 All You're Meant to Be is the debut studio album released by Boyce Avenue on March 10 2009.
 One Man's Meat is the fifth studio album of the actor Viggo Mortensen released in 1999.
 Wild Willy Barrett's Mound of Sound is the 5th solo album by Wild Willy Barrett; released in 1997 it is a collection of newly-written folk songs. The album features contributions from fellow Buckinghamshire guitarist John Cadman and Bad Attitude a collective made up of Carl Taylor and Stephen Two-Names; Barrett's side-man on his 3rd solo album Organic Bondage.All songs written and composed by Barrett and Painter except where stated.
 The Hits is the first greatest hits collection by English soul/R&B singer Lemar. The album was released on March 8 2010. The first single off the album is called The Way Love Goes. The album also contains two other new songs plus a re-recorded version of What About Love with X Factor 2008 runner's up JLS.
 The Sun Exploding is the first full-length release from Brooklyn-based rock band Tidal Arms. The album was released February 15 2011.
 Sister is the debut album by Japanese alternative rock band Marbell. It was released in Japan on May 14 2008. The album is Marbell's solitary release as they officially disbanded in March 2010. Music videos were produced for Miss All Birthday and Te no Naru Kata e.
 Escape From the Everyday (released September 3 2002) is an album by Serotonin.
 DFA Compilation Vol. 2 is a three disc box set released by the dance-punk label DFA Records. It contains tracks and remixes of various artists signed to DFA Records as well as other artists with a close affinity to the label. The first two discs are a collection of recording previously only available on 12-inch vinyl. The third disc is a mix CD of tracks featured on the compilation and some others mixed by Tim Goldsworthy and Tim Sweeny. The compilation was released on November 2 2004.
 Blessed: The Best of Rachael Lampa is the greatest hits project by Word Records artist Rachael Lampa released in 2006.
 Still Blazin is reggae dancehall artist Capleton's eighth studio album.It was released on February 26 2002. The album is a mix of dancehall and reggae.
 Summer Solstice: Bee Stings is part two of the four part Seasons collective created by Coil.The 7 was limited to 1300 copies on honey yellow vinyl and 50 copies on green vinyl. the CD version was unlimited but deleted on autumn equinox 1998 when the third part of the series was released. On summer solstice 2001 a second CD edition was released and this was limited to 400 copies.This album was re-released on Moons Milk (In Four Phases).
 Arkansas Traveler is an alternative folk album released by American singer-songwriter Michelle Shocked in 1992. Her fourth album for Mercury Records the songs focused around the roots of her music. The album included collaborations with several other artists including Taj Mahal Alison Krauss and Norman Blake. Jack Irons plays drums at the beginning of track 6.
 Amor Amarillo (Spanish for Yellow Love) is the first solo album by Argentine rock musician Gustavo Cerati as a side-project while he was still active in Soda Stereo his ex-band.
 Chopping Machine is the debut album by the stoner rock band Colour Haze released in 1995.
 Old Tunes Vol. 1 (sometimes mistakenly referred to as A Few Old Tunes Vol. 1) is a rare studio-recorded IDM compilation album by electronic music duo Boards of Canada. One of the three Boards of Canada tapes collectively referred to as Old Tunes Old Tunes Vol. 1 is rumored to have been privately released to friends and family of the band sometime around 1995.
 Identification Parade is the first album by indietronica band The Octopus Project. It was released April 16 2002 on Peek-A-Boo Records.
 Six is the sixth album by hip hop group Whodini. Released in 1996 this was the group's only release on Jermaine Dupri's So So Def label. The album was not a success on the charts not charting on the Billboard 200 and only made it to #55 on the Top R&B albums. The album spawned one single Keep Running Back.
 On a Ona (English: He and Herself) is the sixth studio album by Collegium Musicum released on OPUS in 1979.
 From Detroit to J.A. is The Kleptones' third album which blends R&B instrumentals with Pop Rap and R&B vocals.The mashups were initially created for The Rinse radio show (on the London station XFM). It was originally broadcast on January 23 2005 and later released as an internet-only album.
 Deutsch NeP·A·L is a release by German industrial music artists P.A.L and Deutsch Nepal. It was released in Europe by Ant-Zen records as a 7.
 Born Villain is the eighth full-length studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson. It was released worldwide on May 1 2012 through Marilyn Manson's own label Hell etc. via Cooking Vinyl Records and marks the band's first outing since their release from longtime label Interscope Records in late 2009.The album spawned three singles (No Reflection Slo-Mo-Tion and Hey Cruel World...) and a pre-release short film entitled Born Villain.
 The Jazz Harpist is the debut album by jazz harpist Dorothy Ashby recorded in 1957 and released on the Regent label.
 Tutu is an album by the American trumpeter Miles Davis released in 1986 by Warner Bros. Records. It was recorded mostly at Capitol Studios in Los Angeles and Clinton Recording in New York City except the song Backyard Ritual which was recorded at Le Gonks in West Hollywood. Davis received the 1987 Best Jazz Instrumental Performance Soloist Grammy Award for his performance on Tutu.
 Sunny Spells and Scattered Showers is the second album by Solas released in 1997 on the Shanachie Records label.
 Tanya Tucker's Live at Billy Bob's Texas is another in the series featuring various country music artists performing at Billy Bob's nightclub in Fort Worth Texas the club that promotes itself as The World's Largest Honky Tonk. In Tucker's long career this is only the second live album that she has released. All of the sixteen tracks are live versions of some of the better known tunes in her career ranging from her first hit Delta Dawn in 1972 to Hangin' In in 1994.
 The Dawn of My Death is the second studio album by Before Their Eyes released in 2008 under the label Rise Records. It is the first album to feature Landon Tewers on screams and rhythm guitar. He is now the lead vocalist for The Plot In You.
 Coltrane Jazz is the sixth album by jazz musician John Coltrane released in 1961 on Atlantic Records catalogue SD 1354. It marks the first appearance of the early John Coltrane Quartet on record featuring pianist McCoy Tyner and drummer Elvin Jones.
 The Best of UB40 – Volume One is a compilation album by the British reggae band UB40. It was issued in 1987 and includes all the chart topping hits from 1980 to 1986. The album includes 13 solo tracks as well as a track that the band performed with Chrissie Hynde from The Pretenders.The pub on the cover is the Eagle and Tun frequented by UB40 as it is close to DEP International in Digbeth Birmingham. Best of Volume One was re-released in 1995 along with the release of Volume Two.
 23 is the second EP released by Australian band The Silents. It was released on 3 November 2007 through Ivy League Records. According to the band Quiet Out In Here and Strangers were recorded for the album but didn't sit cohesively enough with the other tracks whilst Window is an older song.
 Vampyria is a compilation album by Italian extreme metal vocalist Alessandro Nunziati (a.k.a. Lord Vampyr) released on 21 December 2010 and his fourth release overall.
 Dreamland is the second studio album by American band Beat Circus. It was released on January 29 2008 by Cuneiform Records and shares its title with the turn-of-the-century Coney Island theme park which burned in a devastating fire in 1911. The album is a 150-page score for 9 musicians composed and arranged by Brian Carpenter and produced by Martin Bisi. Album artwork was created by Brian Dewan who also performed electric zither on the album.
 Hits 51 is a compilation album released in the UK in December 2001. It contains 50 tracks over two CDs including two number one singles on the UK Singles Chart from Westlife and Bob The Builder. Bob The Builder's Mambo No. 5 appeared on Hits 50 as well in its original version by Lou Bega.Like Hits 50 a lot of the songs were edited to fit 25 tracks on one CD but this would be the last numbered Hits album to do so. Thus the subtitle 50 Tracks - 50 Hits! was last used on this album
 Epsom Mad Funkers: The Best of EMF is a compilation and the final album by Gloucestershire indie dance band EMF released in 2001. It contains their last two singles Incredible and Let's Go.
 Invented is the seventh studio album by American rock band Jimmy Eat World released on September 28 2010 through Interscope Records. Recorded primarily at the band's home-based studio the album was co-produced by Mark Trombino who had previously worked on the band's earlier material; Static Prevails (1996) Clarity (1999) and Bleed American (2001).
 Raíces is a studio album by Julio Iglesias released in 1989. It is a collection of classic love songs from different countries. Raíces was nominated for a Lo Nuestro Award for Pop Album of the Year.
 Future Radio is the fourth full-length studio album released by the band Slowcoaster in 2007.
 Kraken IV is the name of the fourth studio album Colombian group Kraken It was released on November 4 1993 by Discos Fuentes. The first single from the album was Lenguage de mi Piel. The second single was Piel de Cobre.
 Praise the Fallen (also known as PTF2012) is the second studio album by futurepop duo VNV Nation released in 1998. It is a departure from their debut album’s sound featuring better production values being more melodic and containing a heavier electronic pace. Solitary was released as an EP and Honour was re-recorded in 2003 and released as a single.
 The Live Adventures of the Waterboys is a concert recording released by The Waterboys in 1998. Mike Scott refers to this album as an unofficial release or bootleg recording but praises the recording period as a classic period for the Waterboys. Most of the live songs on The Live Adventures... indeed already appeared on the bootlegs A Golden Day (1991) and Born To Be Together (1992).
 Get RID! is the second album by Robots in Disguise.Stand out tracks include the single Turn It Up a song composed mainly of references to other songs and La Nuit sung entirely in French.
 Kerrier District is an album by Luke Vibert released under the alias Kerrier District. The album is considered a revival of the acid funk genre pioneered by Black Devil.[citation needed]
 The Mother and the Enemy is the fourth album release by the Polish symphonic black metal group Lux Occulta. It expands upon the band's signature sound by incorporating influences from a variety of styles including free jazz trip-hop death metal industrial music electronica and spoken word.
 Not Music is the tenth studio album by Stereolab released in November 2010. The album is a collection of unreleased material which was recorded at the same time as Chemical Chords.
 Live in Gdańsk is a live album by David Gilmour. It is a part of his On an Island project which includes an album tour DVD and live album. It was released on 22 September 2008. A David Gilmour Signature Series Fender Stratocaster was released at the same time.
 Beyoncé is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Beyoncé released on December 13 2013 by Parkwood Entertainment and Columbia Records. Described as a visual album Beyoncé developed a simultaneous audio/visual experience with non-linear short films accompanying its songs to illustrate the stories she had conceived during its composition.
 Garage Rock! - A Collection of Lost Songs From 1996 - 1998 is a compilation album released by Canadian rock band Danko Jones. It was released on April 8 2014.
 Sunset Rubdown Introducing Moonface is a two-song EP by Sunset Rubdown which was released in April 2009. The two-song picture disc was recorded at Spencer Krug's house and mixed by Arlen Thompson and Krug at Breakglass Studio.The EP is one in a series of six picture discs put together by the collaboration of artist David Horvitz and six bands: Sunset Rubdown Casiotone for the Painfully Alone Parenthetical Girls No Age Mika Miko and Abe Vigoda.
 Celebration Castle is the second album by American indie/garage rock band The Ponys. The band began recording in late 2004 and were finished in four days. It was released on May 3 2005.
 Fast Life is the third studio album by Turkish/Belgian singer Hadise. It was released on May 15 2009 and features the 2009 Eurovision song for Turkey Düm Tek Tek.
 The Golden D was the second solo album by Blur guitarist Graham Coxon released in 2000. This outing saw him come back with some heavier even lower-fi guitars and vocals. With only one track reminsceint of The Sky Is Too High Keep Hope Alive the album was a departure from both Blur and his previous work. The album features two covers Fame and Fortune and That's When I Reach for My Revolver both from early eighties post punk band Mission of Burma.
 Billboard Top Hits: 1983 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1992 featuring 10 hit recordings from 1983.The track lineup includes four songs (Down Under Africa Maniac and Total Eclipse of the Heart) that reached the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart with the remaining six songs each reaching the top 5 on the Hot 100. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA on July 3 1997.
 Ma Baker is a compilation album of recordings by Boney M. released by budget label Ariola Express in Germany 1989. The CD is basically a revised edition of the 1984 CD compilation Fantastic Boney M. - while omitting several hit singles Daddy Cool Rivers of Babylon and Rasputin it premiered rare single versions of Baby Do You Wanna Bump Dancing in the Streets and Children of Paradise.
 Shadow Hearts is a third studio album by a German metalcore band Caliban.
 Rock On is a 1972 one-off album of oldies covers by the Bunch a group of English folk rock singers and musicians. The Bunch got together in late 1971 to record their one and only album Rock On.
 Na živo is a live album by the Serbian rock band Bjesovi released in 2002.
 B2K: The Remixes – Volume 1 was B2K's second album. The album's name is the remixes they made from their last album. The album consists of a blend of R&B and Dance remixes recorded from their 2002 B2K self-title album. The album was released on March 12 2002 and debuted and peaked at #129. It has not been certified.
 Mirror is the mini-album debut by dance-punk band The Rapture released in 1999.
 Chronicles is a compilation album by The Velvet Underground. It was initially released for the Australian market by Mercury Records in 1991 as part of their Startrax series of budget compilations. The album was also made available in Europe.
 Voluntary Target is a 1984 compilation LP album by guitarist Leo Kottke. It includes all of Balance and Burnt Lips.
 Infiniti is the debut album of the singer-songwriter/multi-instrumentalist Salman Ahmad. The album was released on July 1 2005 under the record label EMI. Singles from the album include Ghoom Taana and Al-Vida. The single Ghoom Taana also featured in Junoon's seventh studio album Dewaar. The single Ghoom Taana featured Shubha Mudgal on vocals but originally the song was sung by Ali Noor from Noori and former Junoon vocalist Ali Azmat.
 The Bedsit Tapes is a compilation of songs recorded by the synthpop/New Wave duo Soft Cell before their record contract with Some Bizarre Records. The album released 1 August 2005 collects various songs recorded in an amateur studio at Leeds Metropolitan University then called Leeds Polytechnic in Leeds. The album includes three tracks which appeared on their rare independent 1980 release Mutant Moments.
 Keats Rides a Harley was a compilation-EP released in 1981 on the Happy Squid label. It was re-released in 2005 with 14 extra tracks.
 ¡Decapitacion! is a 7 EP from Cattle Decapitation. All three tracks on the EP are in Spanish and can be originally found on the album Homovore.
 Memorabilia – The Singles is a compilation album featuring songs by the British singer/songwriter Marc Almond as a solo artist and with his partner Dave Ball as the synthpop duo Soft Cell. The album is the second compilation for both Almond and Soft Cell it was released in 1991 and reached number eight on the UK Albums Chart.
 Mona Lisa & Others is an album released in 1981 by Australian Rock & Roll singer Barry Stanton.
 Volume 1 is the debut album from Canadian rock band The Besnard Lakes. Only a thousand copies were made for the 2003 release. The album was rereleased on a larger scale October 23 2007. The cover features the Princeton Similkameen Funeral Services home - the owner of which was charged in 2007 with fraud and offering an indignity to human remains. [1]
 Let the Boots Do the Talking is an anarcho-punk album by the band Oi Polloi. It was released in 1999 on Campary Records.
 Allfrumtha I is the debut album by American rap group Allfrumtha I released May 5 1998 on Priority Records. It was produced by Allfrumtha I Binky Mack Damon G. Riddick and Dutch and executive produced by Mack 10. The album peaked at number 168 on the Billboard 200 at number 6 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers and at number 32 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Break It to Pieces is an album released by New Zealand hip-hop artist Tha Feelstyle in 2004.
 East of Angel Town is Peter Cincotti's third studio album released on 29 October 2007.
 Late Hour Special is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons compiling sessions recorded in 1961 and 1962 and released on the Prestige label in 1964.
 Gold is a two CD compilation by the Funk band Parliament. The album was released by Universal Music in 2005. It essentially updates the 1993 compilation Tear the Roof Off 1974–1980. There are slight differences between Gold and Tear the Roof Off. First Gold presents the songs in chronological order. Gold also uses shorter versions the tracks Fantasy Is Reality and Agony Of Defeet. Gold also uses remastered versions of all tracks.
 Five by Five is the second EP by The Rolling Stones and was released in 1964. Captured during a prolific spurt of recording activity at Chess Studios in Chicago that June Five By Five was released that August in the UK shortly after their debut album The Rolling Stones had appeared. The title of Five by Five is a play on words—five tracks recorded by the five members of the band.[citation needed]
 Shimaliw' Osatana is the debut album by Namibian kwaito master The Dogg released in February 2004 through RC-Ghetto Records. Shimaliw' Osatana was the first full length kwaito album released in Namibia. The album was immediately hailed as a masterpiece by several critics and is today one of the most celebrated and influential albums in Namibia.
 Mirrorwriting is the debut studio album by British singer-songwriter Jamie Woon. It was released in Europe on 18 April 2011 through Polydor Records. The album started to receive hype after Woon ended fourth on BBC's Sound of 2011 poll. It was preceded by the lead single Night Air on 22 October 2010.
 Velocity : Design : Comfort is the second album from Sweet Trip released in 2003 via the Darla Records imprint.
 Comin' Out Fighting is the fifth album by the hard rock band Sinner released in 1986. This is Sinner's first recording with guitarist Angel Schleifer (of Bonfire fame). The album features a cover of Billy Idol's song Rebel Yell.
 Clockwork Angels is the nineteenth full-length studio album by Canadian rock band Rush released on June 12 2012. The album was recorded in April 2010 at Blackbird Studio in Nashville Tennessee and from October - December 2011 at Revolution Recording in Toronto Ontario Canada.Two songs that would eventually appear on the album Caravan and BU2B were released to radio stations and made available for online digital purchase on June 1 2010.
 Phallus in Wonderland was Gwar's first attempt at a commercially released long-form movie. The plot tells the tale of Gwar's conflict with the Morality Squad after the theft of Oderus Urungus' Cuttlefish of Cthulhu (or penis). Meanwhile the giant T-Rex Gor-Gor is born and helps Gwar defeat the Morality Squad. The video was nominated for a Grammy in 1993 (which they lost to Annie Lennox for Diva as mock-mentioned in the 1994 song Jack The World).
 Thundering Herd: The Best of the Golden Palominos is a compilation album by The Golden Palominos released in 1991 through Oceana Records. It contains two tracks from the band's debut album and Visions of Excess Blast of Silence (Axed My Baby for a Nickel) and A Dead Horse in their entirety.
 Sorry to Bother You is the sixth album by political hip hop group The Coup which was released on October 30 2012 on ANTI-. It's the group's first album where no samples are being used and all tracks are made by live instrumentation. It debuted at #194 on the US Billboard 200 chart selling about 2000 copies in the first week. At Metacritic it received an average score of 80 which indicates generally favorable acclaim based on 15 reviews.
 The Dance is the first EP from Dutch Gothic Metal band Within Temptation.It was released after the single Restless and the album Enter. The sound is rather gothic and melancholic unlike the later albums e.g. Mother Earth and The Silent Force. It features the original songs The Dance Another Day and The Other Half (of Me). It also included a remix of the single Restless and a joint remix of the songs Candles and Pearls of Light.
 Sheep Farming in Barnet is the debut album by Toyah fronted by Toyah Willcox released in 1979 by Safari Records. The album was originally released as a 6-track extended EP dubbed an 'Alternate Play' record (AP) by Safari and was later expanded into full-album status.
 20 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Simon & Garfunkel released in 1991.
 Mahogany Rush IV is the fourth studio album by Canadian Rock music band Mahogany Rush led by Frank Marino. It was released in 1976 on Columbia Records.
 Eclectic Warrior is Ian McNabb's tenth solo album released on Monday 18 March 2013. The album features backing band Cold Shoulder formed from previous Liverpool bands The Black Velvets and The Aeroplanes.
 These Things Take Time is a live album by SubArachnoid Space released on September 19 2000 through Release Entertainment.
 Kick 'Em When They're Down is a studio album by the band Znowhite.
 Extremities Dirt & Various Repressed Emotions is the ninth album of English post-punk group Killing Joke. It was released on CD and double LP in November 1990. This album featured both Martin Atkins (formerly of Public Image Ltd.
 Just Visiting is the self-titled independently released album by Christian pop/rock band Just Visiting later known as The Elms.
 Revenge Is My Name is the first studio album by Belgian band Iron Mask released on December 31 2002 by Lion Music. All songs were composed by Dushan Petrossi.
 They Will Return is the second studio album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Kalmah. It was released by Spinefarm Records on April 30 2002.
 50 Years is an album by The Dubliners released on 19 November 2012. The album charted at No. 10 in Ireland and received gold certification in December 2012 from the IRMA. The album was highly rated in the US UK and across Europe. The album features songs by all members of the band.
 Live In Tokyo is a live album by Hughes Turner Project a collaboration between Glenn Hughes (Deep Purple/ Black Sabbath/ Trapeze) and Joe Lynn Turner (Deep Purple/ Rainbow/ Yngwie Malmsteen); it was released in 2002 on MTM Music and Pony Canyon Records.
 90's My Life is an EP released by The Pillows on October 25 1990. It was re-released on March 8 2004 as 90's My Life Returns with five additional tracks. The original EP like its predecessor Pantomime has since gone out of print.
 Binge & Purge is the second album by the American punk band the Lunachicks. It was released February 2 1992 by Safe House. The album was produced by Mason Temple along with the band. The album was recorded at SST Weehawken NJ mixed at Quad Recording NYC and mastered at MDI Toronto. Many of their songs involve feminist issues.
 Selfish Machines is the second studio album from post-hardcore band Pierce the Veil released by Equal Vision on June 22 2010. It was produced by Vic Fuentes and Mike Green and recorded between late 2009 and early 2010. Fuentes wrote most of the songs by himself and co-wrote three songs with ex-A Day to Remember guitarist Tom Denney. Vocalist Jeremy McKinnon also of A Day to Remember guested on the track Caraphernelia which had its music video released on September 28.
 Oblivion with Bells is the seventh studio album from Underworld released on 3 October 2007 (2007-10-03) in Japan 15 October 2007 (2007-10-15) in the EU and 16 October 2007 (2007-10-16) in the US. Due to the success of lead single Crocodile and the use of To Heal as a central theme in the film Sunshine Oblivion with Bells has sold over 93000 copies worldwide as of 23 May 2008.
 Dysfunctional is the fifth studio album by heavy metal band Dokken released in 1995. It was the band's first release after reuniting in 1993. Although the album entered the chart respectably at #47 at a time when 1980s hard rock and heavy metal had largely declined sales quickly dropped off and were not enough to reach gold RIAA certification. According to Don Dokken the album sold around 400000 copies.The song Too High to Fly was released as a single from the album and was a minor hit.
 Songs from the Attic is Brooke White's first studio album released before White's appearance on the seventh season of American Idol. It was released in late 2005 under the independent label New Millennium Records Group. The title Songs from the Attic was chosen because it was written and recorded in the attic (turned recording studio) of music producer Tim Simms' house in Hollywood California.The album was re-released to retail stores in July 2008 while White was on tour with American Idol.
 The Rough Guide to Reggae is a world music compilation album originally released in 1997. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the album gives broad coverage to the reggae genre originating in Jamaica. The album was curated by Steve Barrow who also wrote the namesake book and later compiled The Rough Guide to Dub. Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network was the producer.
 Into the Flame is the fourth EP by Australian musician Matt Corby released on 11 November 2011 by Universal Music Australia. It peaked at number 3 on the ARIA Charts and spent a total of 36 weeks in the chart.
 Jefferson Airplane is the eighth and final studio album by San Francisco rock band Jefferson Airplane released on Epic Records in 1989. Both the album and the accompanying reunion tour featured the 1967-1970 lineup of the group with the exception of former drummer Spencer Dryden.
 When in Rome 2007 is a live DVD by British rock band Genesis recorded at Circus Maximus Rome Italy on 14 July 2007 during the successful Turn It On Again Tour. The concert was directed by David Mallet. The collection was released on 26 May 2008 in most of the world and 10 June 2008 in North America. During its initial release in the United States it was available exclusively via the band's website or through Walmart and Sam's Club retail and online stores.
 My Animal (1998) is the debut album by American rock band Boy Hits Car.
 Curve is the eighth and most recent studio album by Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace (OLP) released on April 3 2012. The album was recorded from 2010 through 2012 at vocalist Raine Maida's home recording studio. Curve's first single Heavyweight was released on December 20 2011. The music from Curve has been touted by lead singer Maida as being more experimental and ambitious than the band's 2000 concept album Spiritual Machines.
 Gangs of Wasseypur - Part 2 is the soundtrack album composed by Sneha Khanwalkar to the 2012 Hindi film Gangs of Wasseypur - Part 2 directed by Anurag Kashyap featuring an ensemble cast led by Nawazuddin Siddiqui. The film which is in two parts has a whopping 25 songs in its combined form.Sneha Khanwalkar had been nominated for various awards for the music of the 2 parts including the prestigious Best Music Director award at the 58th Filmfare Awards.
 School of the Flower is the eighth album by experimental indie rock band Six Organs of Admittance released in 2005.
 Up Guards and at 'Em!' is the third full length studio album by Leeds based Indie rock band The Pigeon Detectives. Following the 2009 album Emergency. It was released on April 4 2011.The band released two tracks off the album 'She Wants Me' and 'Done in Secret' in the build up to the album launch with the second release 'Done In Secret' to be the first single off the Album.
 Soul Legacy is a box set of Curtis Mayfield hits. Five years after Mayfield's box set People Get Ready: The Curtis Mayfield Story was released in the United States the UK came up with this more comprehensive collection. Unlike its predecessor track list for this set is not in chronological order instead opting for thematic divisions (see track listing).
 For the 2011 documentary see We Were Here (film).We Were Here (2006) is the first full-length album by Joshua Radin. It reached #34 on the Top Heatseekers Chart. The singer-songwriter released a cover of the song Only You as a bonus song.The songs Closer and Winter are featured in the episodes My Best Laid Plans and My Screw Up respectively in the American television program Scrubs.
 In 2003 Pete Francis released Untold an album that looked into Pete's rock side more than So They Say had. Untold featured tracks like Burning the River which was originally written for Dispatch but stirred argument from the drummer/vocalist Brad Corrigan. Tracks range from a general rock feel to reggae and acoustic.
 Trust Your Instincts is the fifth album by Count Basic released in 2000
 Teche voda is a studio album by Sofia Rotaru recorded at Franchising records in Ukraine. The album entered in the 10 Best Albums of 2004 in Ukraine.
 Kwamé the Boy Genius: Featuring a New Beginning is the debut studio album from American hip hop artist Kwamé released on January 31 1989 on Atlantic Records.The album peaked at number 114 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Past:Present:Future is a two-part album series by Ch!pz. In the Netherlands Part 1 was released on June 23 2006 and Part 2 was released on November 17 of the same year. The first album spawned two singles Gangstertown and Waikiki Beach of which Gangstertown peaked at #5 in the Dutch Top 40 and Waikiki Beach wasn't officially released on single just shooting a music video for it.
 The Funeral of Being is a 2003 album by the American black metal band Xasthur.
 New Vintage: The Best of Simon May is a 1994 compilation album featuring some of the key works from British film and television music composer Simon May.The album was accompanied by a UK tour named A Night Away From the TV.
 The Best of Fuel is a compilation album by American hard rock band Fuel. It contains songs from their first three full-length albums Sunburn Something Like Human and Natural Selection. All of the said albums featured vocalist Brett Scallions who departed from the group only a few months after the compilation's release.
 Not Too Young is the second album released by the Christian punk band Mission Six. The album was released on October 27 2009 on iShine Records and Provident Music Group. Much like other iShine artists the ten-track album contains five original tracks followed by the sing-along versions of those tracks.
 Rusted Eyes Awake is the second full-length studio album by the Arizona-based metal band Landmine Marathon. The album was originally released on Level Plane Records in October 2008 and was the second full-length Landmine Marathon release on that label the first of which was Wounded. It was also the last release of the band before the label ended operations.
 Rush of Fools is the self-titled debut studio album from Christian rock band Rush of Fools. It was released on May 8 2007 on Midas Records.
 This page is on the solo album by Johnny Goudie. For other usages see The Boy in the Box (disambiguation).Boy in a Box is a solo album by Johnny Goudie released in 2005. It was the debut release for F+M records and was originally to be a best of album.
 Feel the Fire is the tenth studio album by Canadian country music group Family Brown. It was released in 1985 by RCA Records and was the final album to include founding member Joe Brown who died in 1986. The album includes the singles Feel the Fire What If It's Right Wouldn't You Love Us Together Again and I Love You More which all charted on the RPM Country Tracks chart in Canada.
 Dancing on the Valentine is a Duran Duran Video 45 released by PMI in the UK and Sony in the US in October 1984 (1984-10). It was released on VHS Beta Laserdisc and Video8 (8mm) format.Dancing on the Valentine is a collection of the three videos from Seven and the Ragged Tiger.The title comes from the lyrics of The Reflex: You gone too far this time / But I'm dancing on the valentine.
 Water is the soundtrack to the 2005 film Water. It was released on December 20 2005 by labels Sony BMG in India and Varèse Sarabande internationally. The songs were composed by A. R. Rahman and the instrumental pieces which were used in the background of the film were composed by Mychael Danna.
 Dither is the fifth studio album by the American rock band moe. It was released on February 6 2001 on the bands new self-owned label Fatboy Records. It was their first album after their split with former label Sony BMG. It was recorded in several studios around the country from the summer of 1999 through the summer of 2000. The album features guest appearances by DJ Logic Kirk Juhas and the Nykw-ILL bros.
 Offshore is the fifth full-length album by Early Day Miners released in 2006 on Secretly Canadian Records. Offshore is a continuous six-song exploration of the musical and lyrical themes presented in the band's song Offshore from their 2002 album Let Us Garlands Bring.
 Metalwar is the first album by Swedish heavy metal band Hysterica.
 Pickin' on Led Zeppelin Vol. 1–2 is a 2003 two-volume tribute album to Led Zeppelin consisting of twenty-one of their songs replayed in a bluegrass style as well as an original composition by David West entitled Jed Zeppelin. It is a part of the Pickin' On… series.
 Dances with Wolves is the original soundtrack of the 1990 Academy Award and Golden Globe winning film Dances with Wolves produced directed and starring Kevin Costner.
 Say Hello Wave Goodbye is an EP by Danish pop duo Junior Senior.Released in 2007 it is the duo's second EP release after Boy Meets Girl in 2003. It is their last release before their breakup in 2008.The EP was released with some repackages of the duo's second studio album Hey Hey My My Yo Yo.
 All That Jazz was the last studio album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald.All That Jazz eschewed a tendency by Fitzgerald in past decades to record popular and commercial songs of the day and instead concentrated on jazz standards from the Swing era a period which some fifty years earlier had seen her begin her career in music.Fitzgerald's performance on this album won her the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Performance Female at the 33rd Grammy Awards.
 Zum Audio vol. 2 is a compilation album by the label ZUM released in 1998.
 Spirits of the Western Sky is a solo album by Justin Hayward from The Moody Blues. It's his first album since his 1996 album The View From the Hill.
 Nearness of You: The Ballad Book is the seventh studio album of saxophone player Michael Brecker. Accompanied by Herbie Hancock on piano Pat Metheny on guitars Charlie Haden on bass Jack DeJohnette on drums and a special guest appearance by James Taylor the album was released by Verve Records on June 19 2001.Brecker was awarded his 8th Grammy for Best Jazz Instrumental Solo on Chan's Song.
 David Murray Big Band conducted by Lawrence Butch Morris is an album by David Murray released on the DIW/Columbia label.
 The Slip is the seventh studio album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails released on July 22 2008. It was the fourth consecutive Nine Inch Nails release to be produced by frontman Trent Reznor with collaborators Atticus Ross and Alan Moulder. The album was released for free under a Creative Commons (BY-NC-SA) license with the message from Reznor this one's on me.
 Here I Am Drunk Again is the fifth album by country singer Moe Bandy released in 1976 on the Columbia label recorded at Colombia Recording Studios Nashville Tennessee.
 Livin' in a Crime Wave is the debut album released by South Central Cartel members Havoc & Prodeje. It was released on May 25 1993 for Quality Records and was produced by the duo and DJ Ace the Ringleader. Though the old-school sounded album was met with positive reviews it failed to find the success of South Central Cartel.
 Condition Critical is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Quiet Riot released in 1984. It was not nearly as successful as its predecessor in either fan reaction or sales. It was also given an infamous two-word review in Rolling Stone magazine: Condition terminal. However it did sell over three million copies peaking at #15 on the US Billboard album chart.
 Punk Goes Acoustic 2 is a compilation album included in the Punk Goes... series by Fearless Records that features previously unreleased and acoustic versions of songs from various pop punk bands. It follows the original Punk Goes Acoustic which was released in 2003.
 Cover Your Tracks is the second full-length album from the metalcore band Bury Your Dead. It was released October 19 2004 on Victory Records and features re-recordings of two songs from Bury Your Dead's first full-length You Had Me at Hello. All songs are named after Tom Cruise movies.
 Pafuera Telarañas (Out with the Spiderwebs in English) is the debut album by Spanish artist Bebe. It was released in 2004 and contains six released singles along with other tracks.
 Cold Day is Sonya Kitchell's debut release. The EP was released on February 8 2005.
 Departure is the debut studio album by English R&B singer-songwriter Taio Cruz. It was released on 17 March 2008. The album entered the UK Albums Chart at number 17.
 9 Standards (Quartet) 1993 is a double CD live album by American saxophonist and composer Anthony Braxton recorded at Wesleyan University in 1993 and released on the English Leo label.
 Everblack is the second album released by the band Mercenary and the second through Hammerheart Records. This is the first album to include future lead singer Mikkel Sandager and his brother Morten Sandager on keyboards. This is also the only album to feature Signar Petersen on lead guitars and the last to feature Rasmus Jacobsen on drums.
 You & Oblivion is the title of a solo Robyn Hitchcock album released on CD in 1995. All 22 tracks are billed as previously unreleased although Surgery had been included on the video edition of Gotta Let This Hen Out a decade previously and Ghost Ship had also surfaced previously as a B-side albeit in an alternative version.The album was not conceived on its own terms being a compilation of leftovers and demos which Hitchcock had accumulated over several years during the 1980s.
 Remains is The Only Ones rarities album released in 1984. This collection combines pre-Only Ones recordings from November 1975 with Only Ones demos many from August 1976. Both sessions took place at Tooting Studios in South London. The 1975 titles — Watch You Drown My Rejection Don't Hold Your Breath and I Only Wanna Be Your Friend — also feature the talents of Glenn Tilbrook Gordon Edwards drummer Alan Platt and John Perry playing bass.
 Self Control is the third album by American singer Laura Branigan released in 1984. Two songs from the album were US Top-20 hits the title song (#4) and The Lucky One (#20). The album became Branigan's biggest commercial success earning her a Platinum certification in the United States for over 1 million confirmed sales and selling several million copies worldwide.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by The Bangles. It was released by their record company Columbia Records on May 8 1990 to fulfil the band's contractual requirements. By the time of the release of the album the group had already broken up. The album peaked at #97 in the Billboard Album chart and at #4 in the UK.The Greatest Hits album featured the single remixes of Hero Takes a Fall Walking Down Your Street and I'll Set You Free.
 2nd Chance is the second album of gospel singer Karen Clark Sheard released on July 30 2002. The release was much ballyhooed for several reasons. Sheard was only the 2nd gospel artist signed to Elektra Records and this was her debut for the label. It was also her first release since the success of her Grammy-nominated debut Finally Karen and a long bout with illness had delayed any releases from her since.
 Westwinds is the seventh studio album by Canadian punk rock band The Real McKenzies. It was released on Fat Wreck Chords in 2012.
 Oort no Kumo (Oort Cloud) is Jun Shibata's 1st studio album. It was released on 20 March 2002 and peaked at #59 in the Oricon Weekly Albums Chart.
 Cruel and Gentle Things released in 2005 is the fourth studio album released by singer/guitarist Charlie Sexton.
 Up in It is the second album by the band The Afghan Whigs and their first released after the band signed to Sub Pop. The cassette and vinyl versions did not have any songs from the Big Top Halloween album like the CD release but included the song Now We Can Begin not found on the CD).
 Mis-Teeq: Greatest Hits is a greatest hits compilation album released by Mis-Teeq. The album was released months after their disbandment in February 2005. The compilation included fourteen songs previously seen on their first two albums Lickin' on Both Sides and Eye Candy and one new track a cover of The Andrews Sisters song Shoo Shoo Baby which was released as the official song of the 2005 Disney film Valiant.
 Gold Turkey is an American album of sketch comedy that was first released as a vinyl record in 1975. It was a spin-off from National Lampoon magazine.
 The Best of Vol. 1 is a greatest hits collection by Australian alternative rock band Silverchair which was issued on 13 November 2000. It includes every single they had released up until that point except Shade. The album peaked at No. 15 on the ARIA Albums Chart.In March 1999 after the release of Neon Ballroom Silverchair's three album contract with Murmur and Sony Music had ended. After leaving the label Sony issued The Best of Volume 1 without the band's consent.
 Gold is a two-disc compilation album by Brian McKnight that was released on the Hip-O Records label in 2007. The compilation is intended to be a career-spanning retrospective and no fewer than two songs are selected from each of Brian Mcknight's albums. Songs range from his first album Brian McKnight and span all the way through to his 2006 hit Ten
 Keith Sweat is the fifth studio album by American R&B recording artist Keith Sweat. The album was released on June 25 1996. The single Twisted made it to #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 his biggest hit ever on that chart. Nobody peaked at #3 on the same chart.
 Mission: Impossible II — Music from the Original Motion Picture Score is the original score by Hans Zimmer for the movie Mission: Impossible II. Lisa Gerrard provided contralto vocal cues for certain tracks in her second collaboration with Hans Zimmer in the same year along with Gladiator.
 Surprises is a 1976 album by jazz flutist Herbie Mann featuring singer Cissy Houston. It was released on Atlantic Records.
 Revelation is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Armored Saint. It was released in 2000 on Metal Blade Records. Armored Saint reformed in the entire Symbol of Salvation lineup to record Revelation in 1999 after six years of being disbanded. The result was a solid album a natural sequel of their previous effort.
 Van Halen II is the second album by American hard rock band Van Halen released in 1979. It peaked at #6 on the Billboard charts and spawned the singles Dance the Night Away and Beautiful Girls. To date it has sold over five million copies in the U.S. Critical reaction to the album has been positive as well with the The Rolling Stone Album Guide praising the feel-good party atmosphere of the songs.
 Pink Elephants is Mick Harvey's second collection of Serge Gainsbourg covers.
 Let Freedom Ring is Christian Rock band MercyMe's first independent album.
 Fool Around is Rachel Sweet's debut album released when she was age 16.The album was originally released in England as Stiff Records SEEZ 12 with some different tracks and ordering from that which appeared on the American release and all other releases since.
 Live at Lincoln Hall is Joe Pug's first live album. The album was recorded at Lincoln Hall in Chicago. The album includes a guest appearance by Strand of Oaks who were touring with Pug at the time of the recording. It is the first album by Pug to include a cover: Deep Dark Wells based on the song Start Again by Austin musician Harvey Tex Thomas Young.
 18 Monkeys on a Dead Man's Chest is an album by David Thomas and Two Pale Boys released in March 2004.
 Send in the Clowns is the third album by the Belgian alternative metal band Oceans Of Sadness.
 Two Days Away is an album by Elkie Brooks released in 1977.
 Chaos and Disorder is the eighteenth studio album by Prince (his stage name at that time being the love symbol he created). The album reached #26 in the US and #14 in the UK and is now out of print in America and the UK.
 Floodplain is a studio album by the Kronos Quartet released in 2009. All twelve compositions were written or arranged for the quartet.
 Ainult armastusest [Only of love] is a compilation of love songs by Estonian rock band Smilers. The title references the last album Ainult unustamiseks [Only to forget].
 Bun Friend is reggae dancehall artist Capleton's sixteenth studio album. It was released on June 10 2008. The album is a mix of dancehall and reggae with hit singles such as Yo Betta Than and Bun Friend.
 Caligvla is the second album released by Canadian death metal band Ex Deo on 31 August 2012. The album title refers to Caligula the third emperor of Rome know for his cruelty sadism extravagance and intense sexual perversity.
 Quiet Storms: Romances for Flute and Harp is a 1988 New Age album by Michael Hoppé.
 Terminal (stylised as TERMINAL) is Japanese singer Salyu's second original album released on January 17 2007. It is currently her most commercially successful album peaking at number 2 on Oricon's album charts and is her only album to receive a gold certification from the RIAJ. The recording sessions for the album ended on December 1 2006.
 It's Alive! is the only album released by The New Cars. The album features fifteen live tracks twelve of which are songs known as being performed by the original Cars. Not Tonight is a new song. The remaining two I Saw the Light and Open My Eyes were popularized by New Cars member Todd Rundgren (Open My Eyes was originally performed by Rundgren's original group Nazz). The album ends with three new studio tracks recorded especially for this release.
 The Very Beast of Dio is the second greatest hits collection CD from the American heavy metal band Dio. The first to be released in the U.S. it has sold over 400000 copies according to SoundScan. As of 11/03/2009 it has been certified Gold by the RIAA having sold more than 500000 copies in the US.A followup to this compilation was released on October 9 2012.
 Ruun is the ninth full-length album by Norwegian black metal band Enslaved. It was released on 2 May 2006. It was given Norway's 2006 Spellemann award for best achievement in the 'Metal' genre.
 Livedelica is British progressive metal band Threshold's first live album released in 1995. It was recorded during a show on their 1995 European Tour. It is the only Threshold release to feature drummer Jay Micciche. The album itself is out of print but is now available as a bonus disc on the Special Edition of their 1994 album Psychedelicatessen.
 For Every Punk Bitch and Arse Hole by Hang on the Box was released on 6 October 2003 licensed by Sister Benten Online on the labels Arrivederci Baby! and Cherry Red. It was the band's European debut made up of some of the best material from their previous albums Yellow Banana and Di Di Di complemented by the addition of an unreleased live recording.
 Aurora is a studio album by French jazz-fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty released in 1976. It was reissued on audio cassette in 1990 and on CD in 1992.
 Soul Symphony is the final album by jazz group The Three Sounds featuring performances with an orchestra arranged and conducted by Monk Higgins recorded in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label.
 The 3rd Mini Album is the third work by South Korean singer Taegoon released on September 17 2009.
 Hung Up on Nothing is the first record to be released by New Jersey pop punk band Man Overboard. The title was self-released as a free download.
 Love Peace & Poetry – Vol.8 African is the eighth volume in the Love Peace & Poetry series released by QDK Media and Normal Records in 2004. This volume explores obscuro garage rock and psychedelic rock bands from Africa.
 Spirit of the Season was recorded during the Mormon Tabernacle Choir's 2006 Christmas shows The Spirit of the Season with special guest Sissel. The album was released in 2007 along with a concert DVD and reached No. 1 on the Billboard Classical chart within five weeks of its release and remained there for nine weeks. The album was also nominated for two Grammy Awards Best Classical Crossover Album and Best Engineered Album - Classical.
 Automatic is a 1989 album released by Sharpe + Numan (a collaboration between Gary Numan and jazz keyboardist/producer Bill Sharpe member of the jazz fusion group Shakatak). The album was an attempt to recapture their success of their collaboration single Change Your Mind which reached number 17 in the UK charts in 1985.
 One Step Closer is the first official release by the Austrian blues-rock singer Luise Gruber better known as Saint Lu released mononymously under the name Luise. It was released by the Austrian independent label Agentur Netzwerk in 2004. The EP contains three tracks two of which were written by Gruber herself. The third one is a cover version of the traditional gospel song Amazing Grace.Although the name of the EP is One Step Closer it does not contain a song named One Step Closer.
 One Big Rush: The Genius of Joe Satriani is a music album by guitarist Joe Satriani released in 2005. The album contains numerous hits that he has created over the past few decades.
 Red and Blue is the debut and only album from German singer Cee Farrow.
 Champion Sounds is the fourth album released by Roc Raida. It was released on October 7 2003 for DMC Records and featured production by Roc Raida Rob Swift D-Styles and DJ Radar.
 Solo Flight: The Genius of Charlie Christian is a 1972 double album collecting many of the few recordings that captured performances by Charlie Christian. Most of the selections are from sessions with Benny Goodman's bands. Until the advent of CD it was considered to be the definitive Charlie Christian collection On some tunes the producers spliced various takes together to include more of Christian's solos or to create a better overall tune.
 The Great Lost Twilley Album was the third and final studio album from the Dwight Twilley Band recorded in 1974 through 1980 and released in 1993 on Shelter Records. The basic band consisted of Dwight Twilley (guitar piano lead and harmony vocals) Phil Seymour (drums bass percussion lead and harmony vocals on the Dwight Twilley Band songs) and Bill Pitcock IV (lead guitar); other musicians include Leon Russell Tom Petty and Susan Cowsill.
 Lou B's Wasted Pieces '87 - '93 is the third official album by Sentridoh the solo home recording project of American rock musician Lou Barlow of Sebadoh and Folk Implosion. It was released by Shrimper Records in 1993 as cassette and re-released as CD in 2003.
 Blue Divide is the second album by singer-songwriter Richard Shindell. It was released in 1995 by Shanachie Records. Shanachie also released a live promo CD Scenes from a Blue Divide (Live) and More which included five live tracks recorded at the Treestar Coffeehouse in Mount Kisco New York.
 Free is the second album by R&B group For Real released in 1996 (see 1996 in music).
 The Fine Art of Surfacing was The Boomtown Rats' third album and contained the hit-single releases I Don't Like Mondays Diamond Smiles and Someone's Looking at You. The album peaked at No. 7 in the UK Albums Chart in 1979.I Don't Like Mondays b/w It's All the Rage was released in June 1979 and reached No. 1 in the UK Singles Chart in late July in the UK in the same year.
 A Wintersunset... is the first album by the German band Empyrium.
 Forging a Future Self is the debut album by American deathcore band After the Burial. It was recorded in 2005 and released on March 1 2006 through Corrosive Records. The song titled A Steady Decline was released on April 1 2013 through Sumerian Records but re-recorded with different vocalist Anthony Notarmaso.
 Composed arranged and recorded by Paul Giovanni and Magnet The Wicker Man soundtrack contains folk songs performed by characters in the film (including some by members of the cast). For example Lesley Mackie who plays the character of Daisy in the film sings the opening song and various others in the CD Soundtrack.
 Kill the Moonlight is the fourth album by the indie rock band Spoon released on August 20 2002 to critical acclaim.Kill the Moonlight had sold roughly 153000 copies up to December 2009 according to Nielsen Soundscan.
 Souljaboytellem.com is the debut album by the American rapper Soulja Boy. It was released on October 2 2007. The album featured the hit single Crank That (Soulja Boy) as well as guest appearances by Arab and i15.The tracks Sidekick and Don't Get Mad were produced by The Package and Mr. Collipark while Soulja Girl was produced by Los Vegaz and Mr. Collipark. Pass it to Arab features and produced by Arab and the remaining tracks were produced by Soulja Boy himself.
 Black & White is the first studio album released by the Christian pop/rock band Royal Tailor. The album was released on June 7 2011 by Essential Records and distributed via Provident Label Group. This album received a nomination at the 54th Grammy Awards for Best Contemporary Christian Music Album.
 Sings His Greatest Hits is a greatest hits collection by country singer Billy Crash Craddock. It was released in 1978 on ABC Records.
 Challenge is a 1969 album by Flower Travellin' Band credited to Yuya Uchida and the Flowers. It featured mainly cover songs and was a means for producer Yuya Uchida to explore the emerging psychedelic rock movement outside his own career and to introduce the work of upcoming bands such as Cream Janis Joplin Jimi Hendrix Jefferson Airplane to a Japanese audience.This album also gained notoriety for featuring all of the band members nude on the album's cover.
 Soul Masters is an album released by Digital Music Group containing twelve songs by Ben E. King. This album is identical to the album Love Is Gonna Get You but has a different track order.
 Boylan Heights is the second album by the American pop/rock band The Connells released in 1987 and their first for TVT Records. The title of the album references the historic Boylan Heights neighborhood of Raleigh North Carolina.
 WOW Hits 2002 is a compilation album of 30 contemporary Christian music hits plus three bonus cuts from the year 2001. It peaked at No. 52 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2001 and 2002 and also climbed to number two on the Top Contemporary Christian chart in both years. The album was certified as platinum in 2002 by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 Prodigal Sons is an album by the Irish group The Dubliners. Produced by Bill Whelan who later became famous for Riverdance this album featured cellist Nigel Warren-Green as guest musician. Although Luke Kelly recorded his famous versions of Raglan Road and Song for Ireland during these sessions neither track featured on this album although Seán Cannon's version of Song for Ireland did.
 Multiple Choice is the debut album by Argentine rock band Pork. The only single off the album is Akira which found considerable radio airplay upon release and video rotation.
 Nothing Is Easy: Live at the Isle of Wight 1970 is a live album by Jethro Tull released on 2 November 2004. It was recorded on the fifth and last day of the Isle of Wight Festival 1970 where Jethro Tull were second on the bill between The Moody Blues and Jimi Hendrix.
 Tonight I'm Yours is a 1981 album by Rod Stewart. It features hints of Classic Rock Pop and New Wave. The album had three hit singles with title track Tonight I'm Yours (Don't Hurt Me) (US #20) Young Turks (US #5) and How Long? (US #49).
 Vindicator is the first solo album by Arthur Lee formerly of the rock band Love released in 1972.
 Halfway There: Electricity and the South is a 2004 album by The Everybodyfields.
 In A Sentimental Mood is the twelfth album by New Orleans singer and pianist Dr. John.
 Hello Crazy World is a 2002 album by South African rock band Prime Circle. A two-disc special edition of the album was released later that year. The album spawned hits such as Hello Same Goes For You Let Me Go and My Inspiration.
 A Woman Needs Love is the fourth and final album by the group Raydio led by guitarist/singer/songwriter Ray Parker Jr.
 Meet the Eels: Essential Eels Vol. 1 (1996–2006) is a greatest hits compilation to celebrate the tenth anniversary of rock band Eels featuring a DVD of music videos behind-the-scenes photos and commentary by Mark Oliver Everett.
 Necessary Evil is the fifth solo album by American singer Deborah Harry. Released in September 2007 it is her first solo album in fourteen years. The album contains fourteen tracks (seventeen in some territories) including the first single Two Times Blue released on the iTunes Store on June 6 2007. Harry promoted the album on Cyndi Lauper's True Colors Tour 2007 performing a number of songs from the album. Upon its release in the UK it debuted at #86.
 Korova Milky Bar is the fifth studio album by Polish alternative rock band Myslovitz. It was released in 2002 and followed in 2003 by a release of the English version which in fact included four songs from the band's previous album Miłość w czasach popkultury.
 Kerosene is the first studio album by American country artist Miranda Lambert. The album was released March 15 2005 by Epic Nashville Records and was produced by Frank Liddell and Mike Wrucke. After placing third in the television competition Nashville Star in 2003 Lambert signed with Epic Nashville in 2004. The album spawned four Top 40 Billboard Country Chart singles; however only the title track was a major hit peaking at number 15.
 Rhythm of Love is the fifth album by the American R&B/soul singer Anita Baker. Released in 1994 the album peaked at #2 on Billboard 200 and #1 on Billboard Top R&B/Hip Hop chart. The album was certified double platinum giving Baker her fourth platinum selling album. This is the first studio album by Anita Baker not to be produced by longtime collaborator Michael J. Powell. The album's first single Body and Soul gave Baker her first top 40 hit since 1989.
 Choose One is the debut album from Australian hip hop group 1200 Techniques released in 2002. Produced entirely by DJ Peril the album features a mix of contemporary hip-hop rock and electro.The track Karma was featured on a World Instruments segment of John Safran's Music Jamboree. The track Battlemaster contains a widely used line from the hip hop film Beat Street.
 Ruled is the fifth full-length LP by The Giraffes. Drums bass and principal guitar tracks recorded at The Bunker in Brooklyn NY. Vocals and additional guitars recorded at Strangeweather in Brooklyn NY. Mixed at Studio G in Brooklyn NY by Joel Hamilton. Mastered by Julian Silva at On Air Mastering. Produced by The Giraffes and Joel Hamilton.
 The Archives Vol. 1 1963–1972 is a box set by Neil Young released on June 2 2009 and designed by Gary Burden.
 Idols of Exile is a 2005 album by Jason Collett.
 The Living End is the self-titled debut studio album by Australian punk rockabilly band The Living End which was released on 12 October 1998. It was recorded at Sing Sing Studios in Melbourne with Lindsay Gravina producing for Modular Recordings. The cover art as described by front man Chris Cheney is based on a photograph of a World War I all-female bomb factory. The album reached No.
 Modern Girls is a soundtrack album to the film of the same name released in 1986 on Warner Bros..
 Con Funk Shun 7 is the eighth album by the Vallejo California musical group Con Funk Shun. It was released in 1981 on the Mercury Records label.
 Songs in a Mellow Mood is a 1954 studio album by Ella Fitzgerald accompanied by the pianist Ellis Larkins. The complete album was re-issued as part of the 1994 MCA Records CD Pure Ella.
 Crushin' is the fourth hip-hop album by The Fat Boys. This would be their breakout album. Charting top ten on both Billboard Pop and R&B album charts. A cover version of The Surfaris' hit Wipe Out with The Beach Boys singing back-up vocals made it to #12 on the Billboard chart and #10 on the corresponding R&B listing. After being unavailable for over a decade the album was rereleased on the iTunes Store in early 2013.
 Kill Zone is the eight album by rapper Philthy Rich released on June 26 2012.
 Pulse (stylised as p·u·l·s·e) is a live double album by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd released through EMI Records on 29 May 1995 in the United Kingdom and by Columbia Records on 6 June 1995 in the United States.The album was recorded during the band's Division Bell Tour in 1994 specifically the UK and European leg which ran from July to October 1994 (See Pink Floyd live performances).
 Bing & Satchmo is a 1960 studio album by Bing Crosby and Louis Armstrong arranged and conducted by Billy May. Crosby and Satchmo had worked together many times before they recorded this album appearing in the film High Society (1956) together and making several radio broadcasts between 1949 and 1951.
 Chuck Berry Live In Concert is a live album by Chuck Berry which was released in 1978 nine years after it was recorded at the 1969 Rock and Roll Revival concert in Toronto Canada.
 Suomi-Finland is the sixth studio album of the Finnish rock band Sielun Veljet. It was released in 1988 between two English language albums Shit-Hot and Softwood Music Under Slow Pillars. Suomi-Finland has a more acoustic sound than earlier Sielun Veljet material anticipating the psychedelic all-acoustic Softwood Music Under Slow Pillars.Volvot ulvoo kuun savuun has been covered by industrial metal band Turmion Kätilöt.
 Rope and Summit is an EP by Swedish band Junip. It was released freely online ahead of the release of the band's first full-length album five years after their previous EP went on sale.
 Impressions of a Patch of Blue is a 1966 album by vibraphonist Walt Dickerson with keyboardist Sun Ra in a rare appearance as a sideman. It is the last album Dickerson recorded before his decade long sabbatical from jazz before his comeback in the mid-1970s. The album is relatively mainstream considering the work of the contributing musicians. An interesting detail though is that Sun Ra plays the harpsichord an instrument rarely used in a jazz setting.
 Soy Así (I am like this) is the title of a studio album released by Mexican performer José José in 1987. It was written and produced by Spanish producer Rafael Pérez Botija.
 O Yeah! Ultimate Aerosmith Hits is a greatest hits album by American hard rock band Aerosmith released in 2002 (see 2002 in music) by Columbia Records and Geffen Records. A double-disc album it includes 28 of the band's biggest hits in chronological order and spans the band's entire career up to 2002. Also included are two new songs Girls of Summer and Lay it Down.O Yeah! has since been certified double platinum.
 Live at the Playroom is the first live EP by Australian alternative rock band Kisschasy. It was released on iTunes on 28 August 2007 as a follow up to their Gold-certified second album Hymns for the Nonbeliever.
 Live from Nowhere in Particular is the third live album by American blues rock musician Joe Bonamassa. Produced by Kevin Shirley it was released on August 19 2008 by J&R Adventures and topped the US Billboard Top Blues Albums chart.
 Winter Enclosure the debut album by Norwegian gothic metal band Octavia Sperati was released on June 14 2005 on the Candlelight Records label.
 The Trial of St. Orange is the second album of the Montreal-based collective Shalabi Effect.
 Wow is the third album from the French power pop group Superbus. It reached the sixth place on French album charts. It was released on October 16 2006.
 Dreamtime is the debut studio album by The Cult. Released on 10 September 1984 it reached #21 in the UK and was later certified silver by the BPI after having sold 60000 copies. The first single Spiritwalker reached #1 on the UK Indie Chart. Dreamtime has subsequently been reissued (or in some cases bootlegged) in roughly 30 countries worldwide.Lyrics to the song Horse Nation are taken almost verbatim from the book Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee.
 Thrush Hour: A Study of the Great Ladies of Jazz is Stephanie Nakasian's sixth album as leader. It was released in 2006.The album features Nakasian paying tribute to twenty of jazz's great female singers.
 Everything is a 1996 spoken word album by Henry Rollins. Everything is the audiobook of Rollins' book Eye Scream which was written over a period of nine years from 1986 to 1995. Eye Scream covers a vast number of social issues over that time period including racism homophobia and police brutality. The album features Rollins' spoken word accompanied by jazz musicians Charles Gayle and Rashied Ali.
 Square is the only release by short-lived American rock band Red Square Black. It was recorded by Bob Marlette at The Blue Room.
 I Don't Want to Cry! was Chuck Jackson's debut studio album released in 1961. This album is completely devoted to songs about crying (Lesley Gore's debut album I'll Cry if I Want To and Steve Alaimo's album Every Day I Have to Cry were both released in 1963 and are also devoted to the same subject). Jackson co-wrote the title track which became a Top 40 Pop hit and a Top 5 R&B hit.
 Dear 23 is the major label debut by Seattle Alternative rock/grunge/power pop band The Posies. Apology appears in Children of Nuggets: Original Artyfacts from the Second Psychedelic Era 1976–1995 along with I May Hate you Sometimes from their first album Failure.
 After Dark is the second and last album by Los Angeles chicano rock band Cruzados released in 1987. This album is lesser known to its 1985 preceder as is the line-up for the band which features guitarist Marshall Rohner in the place of Steven Hufsteter. The album featured fewer elements of blues and featured more acoustic songs (Small Town Love Time for Waiting) and even experimented with pop-rock (I Want Your World to Turn) and folk rock (Road of Truth).
 Speaker of the Dead is the fourth studio album by metalcore band Emmure released on February 15 2011. It is the first release ever by the band to have a gap more than just a year between their last release and is also their longest release. The record was produced by Joey Sturgis who also produced the following full-length. Speaker of the Dead is Emmure's fourth studio release under Victory Records completing Victory's four-album deal at the time.
 Variations is the fourth studio album by Country music artist Eddie Rabbitt. It was released in 1978 under the Elektra Records label.
 Graveyard of Empires is the fourth album of Canadian rock band Evans Blue. It was released on April 17 2012. The album has three singles thus far This Time It's Different Halo and Beyond The Stars. The official tracklist was released February 9 2012.
 ...And the Ever Expanding Universe is the third studio album by Canadian indie rock band The Most Serene Republic released on July 14 2009. The album title track listing and release date were all revealed by the band through their Arts & Crafts label on April 20 2009. The album was produced and mixed by David Newfeld who also cowrites and performs on the release.
 The Very Best Of Beverley Craven is a compilation album by Beverley Craven.
 Heimspiel is the 2009 album by German hip hop band Die Fantastischen Vier.
 Peach Fuzz is the 6th studio album from Enuff Z'Nuff. Like the band's 1994 release 1985 this album is viewed more as an archival release than a new album since it features mostly previously recorded material. For example the tracks Let It Go and Kitty were initially b-sides to the U.K. edition of the Strength single Mother's Eyes while the song Happy Holiday was first intended for the 1992 film Home Alone 2.
 Fine and Mellow: Live at Birdland West is a 1988 live album by Carmen McRae.
 I Hear a Rhapsody is the fourth studio album by jazz pianist Josh Nelson. It was released by Steel Bird Music on June 21 2009.
 Inarticulate Speech of the Heart is the fourteenth studio album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison released in 1983 (see 1983 in music).Morrison said he arrived at the title from a Shavian saying: that idea of communicating with as little articulation as possible at the same time being emotionally articulate. As his last album for Warner Bros.
 B'z TV Style Songless version is the first compilation album by the Japanese rock duo B'z. It is a karaoke compilation with instrumentals only. The album sold 231340 copies in total reaching #2 at Oricon.
 A New White is the debut album by American alternative hip hop sextet Subtle.
 Dread is a live album by Living Colour released only in Japan in 1994. It contains live recordings from the Stain tour an acoustic radio session and two B-sides. The live recordings were recorded on 7 June 1993 at Le Zenith in Paris France and at a concert on 24 April 1993 at the Riviera Theatre in Chicago. The radio session was recorded for a Dutch radio show called Countdown Café in February 1993. Both of the B-sides were recorded during the Stain sessions.
 Holiday Soul is an album of Christmas music by American jazz pianist Bobby Timmons recorded in 1964 and released on the Prestige label.
 Live at the Cow Palace is a live album by the American rock band the Grateful Dead. It was recorded at the Cow Palace in Daly City California on New Year's Eve 1976. Released in 2007 it was the first Grateful Dead album produced under contract with Rhino Records. Pre-orders through the Grateful Dead Store received a bonus disc.
 Made in Europe is a live album released by Deep Purple recorded on the final dates in April 1975 before Ritchie Blackmore left Deep Purple. It was released in October 1976 after the group had broken up.Made in Europe features songs recorded in concert 4 April in Graz Austria 5 April in Saarbrücken Germany and 7 April 1975 in Paris France with the Rolling Stones Mobile Studio.
 212 is the ninth studio album by Neil Zaza to be released on February 12 2011.
 MobySongs 1993–1998 also known as Songs 1993–1998 or just Mobysongs is a compilation album by American electronica musician Moby featuring his work released in North America on the Elektra label. Critics state that as a best of compilation it lacks some of Moby's broader work before and after Elektra and cite Go – The Very Best of Moby (Mute 2006) as a better comprehensive example of the artist's works.[citation needed]
 Child of the Ghetto is the debut album by rapper G. Dep. It was released on November 20 2001 for Bad Boy Records and featured production from Sean Combs and members of The Hitmen among others.The album peaked at #106 on Billboard 200 and #23 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Single Special Delivery from the album peaked at #59 on Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and #3 on Hot Rap Singles. The sales of the album caused G. Dep to subsequently be dropped from Bad Boy Records.
 Kill It Live is the first live album by American rock band New Found Glory. It was recorded during two sold-out shows at the Chain Reaction music venue in Anaheim California between March 27—28 2013. It was initially release on October 7 2013 in the United Kingdom before its wider release in other regions soon after.
 Grains is a 2009 album by Boozoo Bajou the dub musical duo from Germany noted for their distinct blend of Cajun sounds with island rhythms. It was their third studio album.
 Under Summer Sun is the fourth studio album released by the American singer-songwriter Matt Wertz.
 God Bless The Blake Babies is the fourth full length album by the Blake Babies released in 2001 (see 2001 in music). This album was recorded during the Blake Babies brief reunion.
 Head Injuries is the second studio album by Australian pub rockers Midnight Oil which was released in October 1979 on their own Powderworks label and distributed by Columbia Records. The album was produced by Leszek J. Karski. It was the last Midnight Oil album to feature founding bass guitarist Andrew James who quit the band due to illness. It peaked at No.
 Yaogun Beijing (摇滚北京 Beijing Rock) is a seminal 1993 Chinese rock compilation album showcasing the first generation Beijing bands. Two further compilations appeared in 1994 and 1996.
 Wire on the Box: 1979 is a live album by English rock band Wire. It was released on 4 October 2004.
 Passage is an album by the Texan hard rock band Bloodrock released under Capitol Records in 1972. It is the band's first album with a true progressive rock sound. On this album the band sounds strikingly different from their earlier releases due to significant changes in their line-up. Warren Ham (lead vocals) was added in place of departed original members Jim Rutledge (lead vocals) and Lee Pickens (lead guitar).
 Frozen Corpse Stuffed with Dope is the second full length album released by grindcore band Agoraphobic Nosebleed.
 8 to the Bar is a studio album released by Pete Johnson and Albert Ammons in 1941 on Victor 78rpm set P-69 record numbers 27504 through 27507. It was recorded in two sessions May 7 and June 17 1941. It was reissued by RCA Victor in 1952 as a 10-inch LP record as LPT-9. In the United Kingdom this LP was released by the Gramophone Company as HMV DLP 1011. It was also released as a set of four 45rpm discs WPT-14. The album peaked at number 2 in 1945 on Billboard's album chart.
 Fire Up Plus is an album by Merl Saunders and Friends. It contains most of the songs from two LPs from the early 1970s — Heavy Turbulence and Fire Up. It was released on CD by Fantasy Records on July 9 1992.Fire Up Plus features Merl Saunders on keyboards and vocals Jerry Garcia from the Grateful Dead on guitar and vocals Tom Fogerty from Credence Clearwater Revival on guitar John Kahn on bass and Bill Vitt on drums.Heavy Turbulence was recorded in the fall of 1971 and released in 1972.
 Starless And Bible Black Sabbath is an album and song by the Japanese group The Acid Mothers Temple and the Cosmic Inferno. The album's title refers to the album Starless and Bible Black by King Crimson and a self-titled album by Black Sabbath the album cover also is very similar to the Black Sabbath album except featuring group member Kawabata Makoto instead of a woman on the album cover.
 Britney Jean is the eponymous eighth studio album by American recording artist Britney Spears. It was released on November 29 2013 by RCA Records. Her first studio album since the dissolution of her long-time record label Jive Records in 2011 Spears began recording in May 2013 and continued work into October 2013. On numerous occasions Spears has described the album as the most personal record from her catalog.
 Somersault is Chicane's third official studio album released on 23 July 2007. It is Chicane's first album self-released on producer and songwriter Nick Bracegirdle's independent record label Modena Records.
 Revelator is the debut album by 11-piece blues rock group Tedeschi Trucks Band released in 2011 by Sony Masterworks. Recorded in Derek and Susan's Swamp Raga Studios in Jacksonville co-produced by Derek with producer/engineer Jim Scott (Johnny Cash Red Hot Chili Peppers Wilco). The album won Grammy Award for Best Blues Album at the 54th Grammy Awards.
 Metropolis – The Grandmaster Recordings is an album by Norwegian rock band Seigmen. It is the English-language version of the album Metropolis. The album came in three editions. One in a jewel case one a digipack with poster and one vinyl.
 The New Testament (The Truth) is the second album by rapper Suga Free. It was released early 2004 and peaked at No. 72 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Jazz Impressions of Black Orpheus is an album by the Vince Guaraldi Trio released in 1962 on Fantasy Records.The album contains both original compositions and covers of songs from the 1959 film Black Orpheus. It spawned the hit single Cast Your Fate to the Wind which won the 1963 Grammy Award for Best Original Jazz Composition. Some later pressings of the LP have the single's title displayed prominently at the top of the cover and the album title in the box underneath.
 (N)utopia is the fifth studio album by the symphonic black metal band Graveworm released in 2005 through Nuclear Blast.
 Cipher System / By Night is an EP by the Swedish metal bands Cipher System and By Night. Released in 2004.
 My Son the Folk Singer is an album by Allan Sherman [monophonic W-1475/stereophonic WS-1475] released by Warner Bros. Records in 1962. On the album sleeve the title appears directly below the words Allan Sherman's mother presents.The album recorded before a live audience is filled with Jewish culture references and in-jokes. His second album would follow suit while later albums' parodies were more generic.
 Byrd in Hand is an album by Donald Byrd engineered by Rudy Van Gelder. It was recorded in May 1959 and was released in the same year as BLP 4019 and BST 84019. It was remastered in 2002 and released on CD as Blue Note 42305.
 8:15 12:15 (1969) is the 11th album by Bill Cosby. It was his first double-disc album. It was also his first record not released strictly by Warner Bros. Records label but by Tetragrammaton Records (which was co-owned by Cosby at the time) instead.
 Manbox is the collaborative efforts of both Christopher Browder of Mansions and Brian Warren of Weatherbox. The EP was recorded over the internet between the two musicians. There were 200 hand-painted CD-R copies made of the release. Manbox was released through Doghouse Records.
 An InCONvenient Truth is the third album by the Norwegian urban music duo Madcon. It was released in December 2008. It peaked at number 8 on the Norwegian Albums Chart.
 Our Impact Will Be Felt is a tribute album by various artists dedicated to Sick of It All released on May 8 2007. The album's title is a reference to a line of the song Built to Last which appeared on the band's album of the same title.
 I'm Not Playin' is the only album recorded by the hip-hop duo Ultimate Force which consisted of emcee Master Rob and DJ-producer Diamond D. The group was discovered and sponsored by Jazzy Jay in the late 1980s and the album was recorded in his studio in the Bronx New York between 1988 and 1990.
 A Grey Sigh in a Flower Husk is a split LP by Baroness and Unpersons. It is also known as Baroness - Third. The art work was done by Baroness singer John Baizley.
 Hope Scope is the fourteenth album by David Murray to be released on the Italian Black Saint label and the fifth to feature his Octet. It was released in 1991 and features performances by Murray Rasul Siddik Hugh Ragin Craig Harris James Spaulding Dave Burrell Wilber Morris and Ralph Peterson Jr.. The album contains Murray's tributes to Ben Webster and Lester Young.
 Disney Channel Play It Loud is a compilation album released on February 11 2014.
 The Saint: Music From The Motion Picture Soundtrack was the soundtrack to the 1997 movie The Saint.This soundtrack featuring Duran Duran Sneaker Pimps Orbital Moby Fluke Luscious Jackson The Chemical Brothers Underworld Daft Punk David Bowie Superior Dreadzone Duncan Sheik and Everything but the Girl. The album also includes an updated version of the theme music from the 1960s television series.
 Readymades is tenth studio album by Chumbawamba. It continues the eclectic mix of techno rock and folk of their former albums albeit to a less ambitious scale than WYSIWYG.[citation needed] It also features vocal samples from contemporary and traditional folk artists some of whom Chumbawamba would go on to work with in the future.A special version of the album Readymades And Then Some was released in 2003.
 Tuatha de Danann is an demo album by folk metal band Tuatha de Danann released in 2001.
 CBC Radio 3 Sessions Volume III is a compilation album released 9 October 2007 on MapleMusic. The album compiles tracks from various live sessions recorded between 2004 and 2006 for CBC Radio 3. Most of the sessions were recorded in CBC's Vancouver Studio 2 though two were recorded at Studio 211 in Toronto.[citation needed]
 Speak Your Peace is the fourth and final album from crossover thrash/hardcore punk band Cryptic Slaughter. It was released in 1990 on Metal Blade Records and follows 1988's Stream of Consciousness. Actually the band had split up following the 1988 album and remaining member Les Evans relocated from California to Oregon and reformed with three new members including former Wehrmacht drummer Brian Lehfeldt.
 Analogue Bubblebath 4 was the fourth EP released by Richard D. James under the alias AFX. It is also the fourth release in the Analogue Bubblebath series. The EP consists of four tracks (plus one hidden track on CD releases). It was released in 1994 on Rephlex Records in both CD and 12 vinyl formats.All tracks are untitled. The fifth track of the CD reissue is actually a heavily modulated snippet from a press conference with Evel Knievel sometime after the Snake River Canyon incident.
 The Road To Freedom is singer Chris de Burgh's 15th original album released in 2004.
 Solitude Standing is the second album by singer-songwriter Suzanne Vega. Released in 1987 it is the most popular and critically acclaimed of her career. As can be seen by the CD insert many of the songs had been written prior to 1987 (see track listing for dates).
 Assault & Battery is a compilation album released by Receiver Records in 1997. Most tracks were previously unreleased or were b-sides from a single.
 Primitive Modern is an album by saxophonist and composer Gil Mellé recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label.
 Gauze-62045- (stylized GAUZE-62045-) is a music video compilation released by Dir En Grey on November 17 1999 (VHS) and April 19 2000 (DVD) respectively marking the band's first DVD release. It features videos for every song on the Gauze album along with commercials aired before during and after the Gauze era not including Myaku.
 Rumble in the South EP is an EP by The Wedding and was released in 2005. This five track release has three brand new songs and acoustic versions of the first two tracks from their self-titled album.
 Party Heard Around the World is the eighth studio album by American country music group Lonestar released on April 27 2010. It is the band's first studio album since 2006's Mountains. It debuted at #20 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and #100 on the Billboard 200 selling 5000 copies in its first week. It is the only album to feature Cody Collins on lead vocals since Richie McDonald left in 2007 to pursue a solo career then returned in 2012.
 Fervor EP is a 1983 EP by Jason & the Scorchers.
 Ballad Collection released in 1998 is the sixth album (only by Japanese release) by symphonic rock vocalist Lana Lane. This album was only released in Japan.
 WOW Hits 2004 is a two-disc compilation album of songs that have been dubbed to showcase the best in contemporary Christian music. It was released on October 7 2003. The album features songs by Michael W. Smith Newsboys Amy Grant Sixpence None the Richer and many more widely renowned groups and singers. It peaked at number 51 on the Billboard 200 chart. The album was certified as platinum in the US in 2004 by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 15 Anos is the seventh album of the Portuguese band Pólo Norte. It was published in April 2008 by Farol Música. This album was produced by Steve Lyon. It was released to celebrate the 15 years of the band and it was composed by their most importants hits and by two new songs (Asa Livre and Jeito de Ser).
 Im Schatten der Ärzte (In the shadow of the doctors/Die Ärzte) is the third album by Die Ärzte.
 Idol Tryouts is the second various artists compilation album released by Michigan-based label Ghostly International. Unlike the label's previous sampler Disco Nouveau Idol Tryouts contains music solely from artists signed to Ghostly International. Musical genres represented here span techno electro electroclash and tech house.
 Laura: Live at the Bottom Line is the second live album by New York-born singer songwriter and pianist Laura Nyro and her tenth original album in total including the 1977 live album Season of Lights.Nyro's long-time label Columbia Records wanted a brand new studio album from Nyro who had stayed with the label despite not having had a reasonable commercial success for well over a decade.
 Magic Hotel is the second album by British band Toploader. It follows the successful 1999 album Onka's Big Moka. The album title is a reference to the hotel in which they stayed in Los Angeles when recording the album. The album was released to extreme censure by an array of critics.
 Mi Plan Remixes is a remix album by Canadian singer-songwriter Nelly Furtado released on October 25 2010 by Universal Music Latino. The album consists of twelve remixes of songs from her first Spanish album Mi Plan.
 Soul Food is the 1995 debut album for the Goodie Mob released by LaFace Records. Its title track was a hit single and the album included the first use of the term 'dirty south' (originated by Cool Breeze) on the track of the same name. The Goodie Mob quartet includes Cee-Lo Green Big Gipp Khujo and T-Mo. Guest vocalists on this album include Andre 3000 and Big Boi of OutKast Cool Breeze and Witchdoctor.
 A Different Shore is a studio album by Nightnoise. The album was released by Windham Hill Records (01934 11166-2) in 1995.
 2nd Live is an album by Dutch hard rock band Golden Earring released in 1981 (see 1981 in music).
 Paris<>Berlin' is Stereo Total's seventh album.
 Hot Wax is the third solo album from Grant Hart formerly of the band Hüsker Dü. It was released on October 6 2009. The album followed Good News for Modern Man released in 1999.
 The Grammy Rap Nominees was a series of various artists compilation albums that were released from 1999-2001. Albums are released before the airing of the annual Grammy Awards. All of the songs on the albums are Grammy nominated in the year released. The last edition released in 2001 was a compilation of both rap and R&B nominated songs.
 The Listening is the debut studio album by Canadian recording artist Lights. It was released on September 22 2009 by Sire Records with global distribution handled by parent Warner Music Group although in Lights' native Canada the album is released instead by Universal Music Canada under licence. By October 2010 the album was certified gold by the Canadian Recording Industry Association (CRIA) denoting sales in excess of 40000 copies.
 The Video Show (aka The Cinema Show: A Video anthology) is a DVD by British band Genesis containing music videos produced between 1976 and 1999.Although the cover and sleeve say The Video Show the introduction to the DVD menu says The Cinema Show: A Video Anthology indicating that the name was changed after the DVD was finalised.All the tracks have had their audio replaced with the new 5.1 Surround Sound and Stereo Remixes featured in the SACD/DVD Re-releases.
 Yes No is the thirteenth studio album by Japanese Jazz fusion band T-Square. It was released on February 26 1988 through Columbia Records and was the last studio album by the band released under the name The Square.
 Speed Pop is the second album by Japanese rock/pop band Glay. It is the band's major label debut album and was released on March 3 1995 and peaked at #8 at Oricon charts with 320150 copies sold.
 Bad for Good: The Very Best of Scorpions is a compilation album of hits by the German heavy metal band Scorpions released in 2002 by Hip-O Records. The final two songs Cause I Love You and the title track were written for the compilation and are new tracks.
 Their Greatest Hits: The Record is the career retrospective greatest hits album by the Bee Gees released on UTV Records and Polydor in November 2001 as HDCD. The album includes 40 tracks spanning over 35 years of music. Four of the songs were new recordings of classic Gibb compositions originally recorded by other artists including Emotion (Samantha Sang) Heartbreaker (Dionne Warwick) Islands in the Stream (Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton) and Immortality (Celine Dion).
 delete.delete.i.eat.meat is an album by Ghostland Observatory released in 2005 under Trashy Moped Recordings.
 Secaucus is a 1996 album by The Wrens an American rock band from New Jersey. Secaucus is named for the city in which it was recorded Secaucus New Jersey. The Wrens were signed to major label Grass Records at the time of their tour supporting this album. The album had received excellent reviews from critics and fans alike however Grass dropped the band after they refused to be forced into a new contract.
 Raoul and the Kings of Spain is the fifth album by the British pop-rock band Tears for Fears. Like the previous album Elemental it is essentially a solo effort by Roland Orzabal—neither album being made with the involvement of Curt Smith who had left the band at that time.
 Radian is the debut EP album by Portuguese singer Ana Free. It was released on February 9 2010 in the U.S. and its lead single was Questions in My Mind released a week after.
 Hex; Or Printing in the Infernal Method is the fourth full-length studio album by the drone doom band Earth. This album was the first new material released by Earth after a nine-year break due to Dylan Carlson's drug and legal problems.
 Beijing Dream (Chinese: 北京梦 Běijīng mèng) is a 2002 Mandarin Chinese-language rock album by Thin Man band. It was released on Jingwen Records on 15 July 2002.
 Best a compilation album by Texas-based Folk singer-songwriter Robert Earl Keen released by Koch Records on November 7 2006. The album features songs from six of Keen's previous albums: No Kinda Dancer A Bigger Piece of Sky No. 2 Live Dinner Farm Fresh Onions What I Really Mean and Live at the Ryman.
 Chicago at Carnegie Hall is the first live album and fourth album overall by American band Chicago and was initially released in 1971 as a four LP vinyl box set on Columbia Records. It was also available for a time as two separate 2-record sets. A Quadraphonic mix of the album was proposed but was never done possibly due to the band's objection to the record being released in the first place.
 Rich & Famous is an EP by German heavy metal band Accept. It was released in 2002. It features the bonus track for the Japanese edition of the 1993 album Objection Overruled.
 Talismaani is the twelfth EP by the black metal band Horna. It was released on Static Supernova Records in 2004 and was limited to 666 copies on picture 7 vinyl.
 Andy Pratt is the second album by American singer-songwriter Andy Pratt. It is a raw emotionally expressive and musically experimental album.The song 'Avenging Annie' was covered by The Who's lead singer Roger Daltrey for his third solo album 'One of the Boys'.
 Floetic is the debut album by the English neo soul duo Floetry released by DreamWorks Records in the United States on 1 October 2002 and in the United Kingdom on 25 November 2002.
 Hearsay is a 1987 album by R&B musician Alexander O'Neal. The album peaked at #29 on the Billboard 200 and reached #2 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. The album launched seven charting singles in the UK. Fake peaked at #33 on the UK Singles; Criticize peaked at #4; Never Knew Love Like This at #26; The Lovers at #28; (What Can I Say) To Make You Love Me at #27; Sunshine at #72. Several remixes of the album's songs also charted: Fake '88 #16; Hearsay '89 #56.
 ¡Viva Terlingua! is a live progressive country album by Jerry Jeff Walker and The Lost Gonzo Band recorded August 18 1973 at the Luckenbach Dancehall in Luckenbach Texas and released later that year on MCA Nashville Records. The album excellently captures Walker's strived-for gonzo country sound a laid-back country base with notes of outlaw rock blues and traditional Mexican norteño and Tejano styles.The Lost Gonzo Band as featured on the album included Gary P.
 BBC Radio 1 Live In Concert is the 1991 album released by Caravan.
 Symptoms of a Leveling Spirit is the fifth album by the Santa Cruz California-based hardcore punk band Good Riddance released July 10 2001 through Fat Wreck Chords. It was their only release ever to chart reaching #32 on Billboard's Independent Albums chart.
 Live in Concept is the first live album by Downes and Beer released in 1980. The album sees the band live collaborate with various musicians including Mike Oldfield (due to Phil Beer's touring with him for Exposed) and also established both The Phil Beer Band who would record in the 2000s and the first ever Show of Hands released recording Half Asleep although this is a Downes and Beer recording with Steve Knightley guest appearing.
 Fun Lovin' Criminals is the eponymous debut EP by the band Fun Lovin' Criminals. It is also known as Original Soundtrack For Hi-Fi Living.
 Anthology: Set the World Afire is the third greatest hits album by Megadeth. It was released on September 30 2008 by Capitol Records. It is a 2-disc set with additional songs not offered in previous compilations including demos live performances and unreleased tracks. The album's name refers to the second song of the band's third studio album So Far So Good...
 Mental Floss For The Globe is the debut album by Dutch band Urban Dance Squad. Released in 1989 (in the US 1990) and produced by Belgian guitarist Jean-Marie Aerts the album features a crossover of several music genres such as rock hip hop and funk. It spawned the hit single Deeper Shade of Soul which gained the band international recognition including in the United States where they toured with Living Colour.
 Neuromantic is Yukihiro Takahashi's self-produced 1981 album and featured his YMO colleagues Haruomi Hosono and Ryuichi Sakamoto on keyboards. Tony Mansfield and Phil Manzanera also played on the album.The title of William Gibson's novel Neuromancer is inspired by this album's title.[citation needed] which is a pun on the early 1980s British fashion movement the New Romantics.
 BBC Radiophonic Workshop – A Retrospective is a 2008 compilation of music and effects from the BBC Radiophonic Workshop. It was released to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the establishment of the workshop and includes material ranging from then to its closure. Many of the tracks were previously released on the BBC Radiophonic Workshop - 21 and The Soundhouse.
 Lovers is the third studio album by Finnish singer Hanna Pakarinen released in Finland by RCA on February 14 2007. It was preceded by the lead single Go Go and also includes the singles Leave Me Alone and Hard Luck Woman. Leave Me Alone served as Pakarinen's entry song in the 2007 Eurovision Song Contest finals in which she placed 17th.
 From Now On New Songs + Best Selection is a studio album Malaysian singer Nicholas Teo. It was released on April 28 2008.
 Humble & Brilliant is the sixth album by hip-hop artist Jesse Dangerously.
 Monk-Punk is the 2nd studio album by the Finnish avant-garde progressive metal band Waltari.
 Light the Fuse is a live album by The Rolling Stones released in 2012. It was recorded at the Phoenix Concert Theatre in Toronto Canada. The album was released exclusively as a digital download through Google Music on October 16 2012. The concert was performed in front of an audience of only 1000.
 Nekrolog 43 is an album by the music group Diary of Dreams. The album was released on November 6 2007.
 Escale À Ch'tiland is a Live album by the French progressive rock band Ange. It was released in 2011.
 I Walk is the 14th full-length album by German singer Herbert Grönemeyer released in October 2012. All songs on this album are sung in English. Ten of these songs are English reworks of previous works and three are newly written songs for this album.
 My Beautiful Sinking Ship is an album by Devics released on September 4 2001.
 Feet Don't Fail Me Now is a DVD produced and distributed exclusively by Switchfoot. It was available briefly on the band's online store and at concerts and other performance venues.The 15 minute film takes a humorous look into how the band deals with their newfound fame after coming off their breakout album The Beautiful Letdown.The DVD includes footage of what the band does during their time off including some of the humorous aspects of being on tour.
 Live at Shepherds Bush Empire is an official VHS released by Björk on November 16 1998. The live show was recorded at the end of the Post tour on February 27 1997 at a special fan-club only free concert at the Shepherds Bush Empire in London England. The majority of the songs are taken from the album Post as well as some from her first album Debut. The track I Go Humble is a B-side and appears on the Isobel single.
 Roy Orbison and Friends A Black and White Night is a 1988 Cinemax television special originally broadcast on January 3 1988 starring Hall of Fame singer/songwriter Roy Orbison. The special was filmed entirely in black and white. A live album was released following the broadcast.
 The Platinum Collection is a 2003 album by Nomadi. The songs recorded between 1965–1976 are collected in strict chronological order. The album includes a few hard to find tracks. The album was certified double platinum.
 Bitter Clarity Uncommon Grace is the fourth album by American hardcore band Verse. It was released on 17 July 2012 through Bridge Nine.
 On and On is the second studio album by Jack Johnson who provided the vocals and guitars. It was released in 2003 on Universal Records. Adam Topol played drums and percussion while Merlo Podlewski played bass. The album was recorded at The Mango Tree studios in Hawaii.A different version of the track Rodeo Clowns was originally published as a collaboration with G.
 Corsicana Lemonade is the sixth full-length studio album by Austin Texas band White Denim. The album was released on October 29 2013 by Downtown Records.
 Mirrored is the full-length debut album by American experimental band Battles released on May 14 2007 in the United Kingdom and on May 22 2007 in the United States. This is the first time the band has incorporated prominent vocals as well as lyrics into their songs as the previous EPs were completely instrumental (aside from beatboxing on the tracks Dance and Fantasy and wordless vocals on B + T IPT-2 and BTTLS).
 Free City is the debut studio album by hip-hop group St. Lunatics. It was released on June 5 2001 almost a full year after the release of group member Nelly's debut Country Grammar. The album was a commercial success as it debuted at #3 on the Billboard 200 with 196000 copies sold in its first week. The album was certified platinum by the RIAA a month later.
 Pontiac is Lyle Lovett's second studio album released in 1987.
 MFSB: The Gamble & Huff Orchestra is the sixth album to be released by Philadelphia International Records houseband MFSB.
 Moons and Mushrooms is the seventh studio album by the gothic metal band Lake of Tears. It was released in 2007 and was the first Lake of Tears recording to feature Magnus Sahlgren as an official member of the band (although he had played guitar with Lake of Tears as a guest artist since 1999). Unlike the band's previous two albums Moons and Mushrooms made heavy use of guitars having a less electronic sound.
 Red Card was the third and most successful studio album by the UK rock group Streetwalkers which made the #20 in the UK album charts. The album features the lineup of Roger Chapman Charlie Whitney Bobby Tench of The Jeff Beck Group and Hummingbird Nicko McBrain who later played drums with Iron Maiden and bassist Jon Plotel. This groove heavy album was released in the UK by Vertigo and in the USA by Mercury during 1976 and remains a much respected album by many.
 Standards is a 1998 compilation album by jazz pianist Sonny Clark recorded for the Blue Note label and performed by Clark with Jymie Merritt or Paul Chambers and Wes Landers combining sessions previously released as The Art of The Trio and Blues in the Night.
 Wrecking Ball is the seventeenth studio album by American recording artist Bruce Springsteen released March 5 2012 on Columbia Records. It was named best album of 2012 by Rolling Stone and along with the album's first single We Take Care of Our Own was nominated for three Grammy Awards.
 Chimaira is the third studio album by Chimaira released on August 9 2005. It debuted No. 74 on the Billboard 200 charts. The album would be the band's final release under Roadrunner Records and the only one to feature Kevin Talley on drums.
 Angels Never Die is the fourth solo album of the German female hard rock singer Doro Pesch. The album was released in February 1993 and was produced by Jack Ponti and Vic Pepe. The two producers had worked with Alice Cooper on the hit single Hey Stoopid and had produced minor glam metal bands like Surgin’ and Baton Rouge.
 Live and Let Live is a live album released by the British neo-progressive band Twelfth Night in 1984.
 The Retinal Circus is a live album by Canadian musician Devin Townsend. It was released on September 30 2013 in Europe and on October 29 2013 in North America. The audio and video material were recorded at Roundhouse London on October 27 2012 when Townsend performed a special one-night-only concert celebrating and covering his 20-year musical career.
 Disgraceland is the second studio album by American hard rock band The Crying Spell.
 Five-A-Side is the debut album by the pop rock band Ace released by Anchor Records.The album landed on the Billboard 200 chart reaching #11 in 1974.The single How Long hit #3 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song also reached #24 on the Adult Contemporary chart #3 on the Canadian Singles Chart and #20 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Wake Up Screaming is the third album from Christian pop punk band Slick Shoes.
 愛の瑄言 *精選輯 (py. Ài de Xuān Yán *Jīngxuǎn Jì) is a compilation album by Taiwanese singer/actress/model Vivian Hsu released in March 2001 on the BMG label. It contains a selection of tracks from all five of Vivian's albums released on the BMG label: 大麻煩 不敗の戀人 its Japanese translation Fuhai no Koibito its Taiwanese special edition Happy Past Days and 假扮的天使.. It is also the last Vivian album produced by BMG.The second CD also contains two video tracks.Catalog number: 74321-855092
 Appreciation Day is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Jaheim. The album was released on September 3 2013.
 Share My Love is the seventh studio album released by Gloria Jones in 1973. Dedicated to the memory of Gloria's friend Lee Jacobs. It was received well by critics and the Motown industry however was not promoted as Gloria decided instead to work with Marc Bolan and T.
 Three Blind Mice is a 1962 jazz album released by Art Blakey & the Jazz Messengers for Blue Note Records. It features live material recorded in 1961.Blue Note has re-issued a two-volume CD set Three Blind Mice Vols. 1 & 2 with supplementary live tracks from the original dates of recording.
 Devil's Halo is the eighth studio album by American recording artist Me'Shell Ndegéocello released October 6 2009 on Downtown Records. Recording sessions for the album took place during 2008 to 2009 at engineer S. Husky Höskulds's eightbitaudio (8BA) studio in Los Angeles California.
 Snowboarding in Argentina is the debut album from electronic music group Swayzak. Named for the group's dream vacation destination if the album was prosperous Snowboarding in Argentina represents Swayzak's clean minimalistic blend of dub jazz-house and ambient. The album features tracks from the group's previously released singles as well as new additions. Bueno Fukumachi and Low-Rez Skyline are all representative of the band's danceable downtempo music.
 Sol da Justiça is the fourteenth album in the live praise and worship series of Christian Contemporary music by Diante do Trono.
 Mend is the critically acclaimed debut album by the Scottish band De Rosa. Released in June 2006 it was voted 16th in Mojo’s top 50 albums of 2006. It was recorded by Scottish producer Andy Miller.
 Lost Tunes is an EP from British indie band Delays released in October 2008 via MP3 download store Losttunes.com. It features their treatment of numbers recorded by Nico Creedence Clearwater Revival The House of Love and The Go-Go's as well as an alternate effort at their own Keep It Simple.
 The Fox is an album by American trombonist Urbie Green featuring performances recorded in 1976 and released on the CTI label.
 A sequel to the six-times platinum Via Dalma Sergio Dalma's Via Dalma II reunited the pop singer with producer Claudio Guidetti and continued with the same format: Spanish-language versions of popular Italian songs. The disc was almost as successful as its predecessor spending five weeks at No. 1 on the official chart released by Productores de Música de España and achieving quadruple platinum status after spending 49 weeks on the chart.Four singles were released from the album.
 Butcher the Weak is the second studio album by death metal band Devourment originally released in 2005. It was re-recorded in May 2006 and released (with a slightly different cover) in August 2006 by Brutal Bands Records.This was the first album to include new member Eric Park on drums. It was also the first album to feature Mike Majewski on vocals.
 The Chain is the sixth studio album of American country singer/songwriter Deana Carter first released in 2007. Since the album has peaked at #60 on the US Country chart. The first and only single off the album On the Road Again was released in 2007 failing to land on the chart. All the tracks on the album consist of cover songs and many are duets with artists such as Dolly Parton and George Jones.
 Rare Demos & Freestyles Vol. 3 is the third rarities compilation by American hip hop musician Necro released on September 16 2003 by Psycho+Logical-Records.The compilation contains two demos nine freestyles and one alternate mix. Featured guests on the compilation include Mr. Hyde DJ Eclipse Tom Dahmer DJ Riz and Necro's brother Ill Bill.An alternate mix of Rugged Shit from Necro's 2000 album I Need Drugs was featured on this release.
 The Most Beautiful is the fourth full-length studio album by American indie rock band Rookie of the Year and the first solo album by the last remaining member and vocalist Ryan Dunson. This is the first album by Rookie of the Year that will not be released by their previous record label One Eleven Records instead being released on Future Destination Records. The Most Beautiful was recorded in Atlanta Georgia at Marigolds+Monsters.
 New Ideas is an album by trumpeter Don Ellis recorded in 1961 and released on the New Jazz label.
 Zodiac is the seventh studio album by Detroit rock band Electric Six.It was released on September 28 2010. According to an official statement by the band the songs on the album have been arranged to correspond with the signs of the Zodiac.The album contains a cover version of The Spinners 1976 classic The Rubberband Man.
 Matters of the Dark is the sixth studio album their third with singer Urban breed by the Swedish heavy metal band Tad Morose. It was released in 2002 on the Century Media label.
 The Return is a live album by guitarist Pat Martino which was recorded in 1987 and first released on the Muse label.
 Blood is the fourth studio album by the American band In This Moment. The album was released by Century Media on August 14 2012. As has been the case with every In This Moment album the record has a different sound dropping many of the traditional metalcore elements in favor for electronic samples and further experimentation.
 Bobby Vinton is Bobby Vinton's thirty-fourth album released in 1988. Re-recordings of previous hits include Sealed With a Kiss Blue on Blue Blue Velvet and My Melody of Love.
 Nomadi 40 is a double album by Nomadi. Their twenty-eighth album it celebrates the fortieth year of their musical career. Nomadi 40 contains a mix of old and new songs. It was certified gold from presales and was at the top of the charts for 15 weeks.[citation needed]The last track of the second disc Come Potete Giudicar is the version recorded in 1992 by Augustus Daolio Beppe Carletti Dante Pergreffi Cico Falzone and Daniele Campani on the album Ma Noi No.
 Love Poems for Dying Children... Act II: The Garden of Crystalline Dreams is a second studio album by the band Autumn Tears.
 Fresh Cream is the debut studio album by the English rock band Cream. It was the first LP release of producer Robert Stigwood's new Independent Reaction Records label released in the United Kingdom as both a mono and stereo version on 9 December 1966 the same time as the single release of I Feel Free. The album was released a month later in January 1967 in the United States by Atco Records as both a mono and a stereo version.
 I Is for Insignificant is the third album released by the North Vancouver punk band d.b.s. It was released by Sudden Death Records in 1998. This was the last studio album to have Dhani Borges on bass; he was replaced by Ryan Angus. In the week of 25 June to 2 July 1998 the album appeared at #46 on the Canadian Top 50 music chart Chart Attack.It later reappeared in the week of 30 July to 6 August at #27and again in the week of 1 October to 8 October this time at #48.
 This article describes the tenth album in the Israeli Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 10 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 10 was released on January 29 2004. The album is the 10th edition of the Israeli Now! series.
 Reggie is the seventh studio album by rapper Redman. It was released on December 7 2010. The original title of the album as promoted in the booklet of Blackout! 2 was going to be Reggie Noble 0 9 1/2.
 Nina Sky is the debut album by hip-hop/reggaeton group Nina Sky. The album debuted on Billboard Top 200 Albums Charts at #44. The album went on to sell 341000 copies according to Nielsen Soundscan. The lead single Move Ya Body went on to receive a RIAA Gold Certification. The second single was Turnin' Me On but did not match the success of Move Ya Body.
 No One (Korean: 노원; stylized as NO ONE) is the first mini-album by South Korean boy band F.Cuz. The album was released in physical and digital format on March 11 2010. The Taiwanese version was released on May 21 2010; this edition includes a Mandarin version of F.Cuz's debut single Jiggy featuring Tawaniese pop-star YaoYao.
 The Special Collectors Edition is a collection of B-sides by Blur released in Japan in 1994. The B-sides are from singles from the albums Leisure Modern Life is Rubbish and Parklife. The last track is not a B-side but actually a recording of fans singing Bank Holiday at Narita Airport Tokyo.
 Oliver is an EP by Irish singer-songwriter Gemma Hayes. This is her third EP release. In late 2008Hayes confirmed on her Myspace page that she would release an EP as part of her tour in December 2008 but due to production issues the release was delayed. On 22 February 2009 it was stated that her new EP Oliver would later be available for purchase on 9 March. However it was subsequently announced on Myspace on 9 March that the EP's release had been delayed.
 Who I Am is the second studio album from Christian Contemporary/acoustic/pop singer-songwriter Jason Castro. It was released on November 9 2010 via Atlantic Records and Word Records and was the first record with Word and the last with Atlantic. The album has garnered mixed reviews from the critics and has already achieved success from the lead single You Are.
 Hosianna Mantra is the third album by Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1972 on the German record label Pilz. In 2004 SPV re-released the album with one bonus track (originally released on a 1972 solo single by Korean vocalist Djong Yun).
 Role Model is the eighth studio full-length album from Australian punk rockers Bodyjar. It was released by UNFD on October 18 2013.The music produced from this album includes a more power punk outcome which is similar to their other album Plastic Skies.
 On Top of Our Game is the 2nd studio album by Dem Franchize Boyz released on February 7 2006.
 Shout It Out was the third album released by singer Patrice Rushen. This album was the last album Patrice released with Prestige Records before signing with Elektra Records. In this album Rushen gives her audience a pleasurable collection of songs ranging from jazz funk and fusion to R&B. This album was a clear hint to where her career was going in terms of style.
 The Smiths is the debut album by English alternative rock band The Smiths released on 20 February 1984. The album reached number two on the UK Albums Chart staying on the chart for 33 weeks. After the original production by Troy Tate was felt to be inadequate John Porter rerecorded the album in both London and Manchester during breaks in the band's UK tour during September 1983.
 Walking on a Rainbow is a debut album by group Blue System released on November 2 1987.Sorry Little Sarah is the only single released from this album.
 Penthouse is the third album by American alternative rock band Luna.
 Never Scared is the fourth comedy album by Chris Rock. It was recorded at DAR Constitution Hall in Washington D.C. between March 24 and 26 2004 for an HBO comedy special and was released on DVD on August 31 2004. The CD version released on February 15 2005 includes several recorded segments including a rap song performed with Lil' Jon called Get Lower and recurring themes of Thug Radio and Tip Your Hat to Whitey.
 Gil's Guests is an album by American saxophonist Gil Mellé recorded in 1956 and released on the Prestige label.
 A Lifetime of Learning is the third full-length album by Better Luck Next Time. It was released in Japan on December 26 2009 and on May 3 2011 in the United States. The Japanese edition includes the studio version of Truth for Two as a bonus track whereas the American version features it while still in pre-production. The album was released as a Special Edition in America containing many pre-production versions of the albums' tracks.
 Heavy Metal Kings is a self-titled album by rap duo Ill Bill and Vinnie Paz of Heavy Metal Kings. Ill Bill and Vinnie Paz have since combined forces to form a group of the same name Heavy Metal Kings and record a full self-titled album to be released April 5 2011 through Enemy Soil/Uncle Howie. Keeper Of The Seven Keys produced by up and coming producer C-Lance is the first track from the new Heavy Metal Kings album.
 Dance is the seventh studio album by Keller Williams released in 2003. It contains remixes of songs from his preceding album Laugh.
 Harder Fatter + Louder! is a compilation album released November 22 2010 by Fat Wreck Chords as the seventh volume in the label's Fat Music series. It marked the resumption of the series after an eight-year gap since 2002's Uncontrollable Fatulence. During the intervening years Fat Wreck Chords had moved from compact discs toward digital downloads for its samplers curtailing the Fat Music series and instead releasing compilation albums themed around social and political causes.
 The Inevitable Rise and Liberation of NiggyTardust! is the third album by Saul Williams released on November 1 2007. Williams worked closely with Trent Reznor on the album. The title of the album is a reference to David Bowie's 1972 album The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars. Many of the album's lyrics were adapted from poetry in Williams' 2006 book The Dead Emcee Scrolls: The Lost Teachings of Hip-Hop.
 Birth of a Prince is the third solo studio album by American hip hop musician RZA the main producer of the Wu-Tang Clan. It was released on October 7 2003. Unlike RZA's other solo albums Birth of a Prince was not released under the Bobby Digital alias though RZA refers to himself as Bobby repeatedly and his rhymes are mostly in the Bobby Digital style rather than the pre-1998 style.
 Poquita Ropa (English: Few Clothes) is the twelfth studio album by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona. It was released on August 24 2010 through Warner Music. It was recorded in Mexico City New York and Los Angeles and was produced by Lee Levin and Dan Warner under their production name Los Gringo with additional works from Matt Rollings and Brian Lang.Markedly different in style from his previous albums Poquita Ropa was produced using as few musical instruments as possible.
 Misery Loves Comedy is an album by Louis Logic an American hip hop artist and J.J. Brown an American hip hop producer. The album focusses on Logic's experiences with women however the title hints at the poor outcomes of these ventures.
 Mountains Of Time is the third album released by the band Savoy. It is the only original Savoy studio album (apart from Mary is Coming) officially released outside of Scandinavia so far but only in central and Western Europe. There was a limited edition with a second CD called The Bovarnick Twins which was an EP of otherwise unavailable bonus tracks. Recently the track Bottomless Pit was featured in the Moral Orel episode Sacrifice.
 No Ghostless Place is the second studio album from Canadian indie rock band Raised by Swans. It was written in its entirety by Eric Howden and recorded at Andy Magoffin's studio House of Miracles in London Ontario between 2007 and 2009. On January 11 2010 it was released on their own label 1101.In May 2010 Raised by Swans toured across Canada in support of No Ghostless Place with Canadian indie folk band Pink Moth.
 Krizza is a 2012 album by Krizza Neri. Aiza Seguerra produced the album under her own label Blackbird Music.
 Coup D'état '+ One of a Kind & Heartbreaker' (stylized as COUP D’ETAT [+ ONE OF A KIND & HEARTBREAKER]) is the first Japanese studio album by South Korean artist G-Dragon member of the K-pop group Big Bang. The album was released on November 27 2013 it is composed not only of his Coup d'Etat songs but also of his Heartbreaker and One of a Kind songs as well.
 Early Takes: Volume 1 is a compilation album of tracks recorded by George Harrison released on 1 May 2012. The tracks were featured in and originally released as part of the deluxe version of Martin Scorsese's 2011 documentary film George Harrison: Living in the Material World.
 The Montreux/Berlin Concerts is a double album by American jazz saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded in 1975 and 1976 and released on the Arista label. The album was subsequently released on CD as Anthony Braxton Live in 1987 and all tracks were included on The Complete Arista Recordings of Anthony Braxton released by Mosaic Records in 2008.
 The Moment of Truth is the debut collaboration album by American rappers C-Bo and Killa Tay. It was released March 7 2006 on Siccness Records. The album features production from Cricet Batkave and Steve Vicious. Guest appearances include Yukmouth Mitchy Slick Tha Realest and Swoop G.
 The Song They Sang... When Rome Fell is the 2002 debut release by Vermont-based American singer-songwriter Anais Mitchell. The album was made during the singer's 6-month stay in Austin Texas and was recorded in a single afternoon. It consists of Mitchell playing her acoustic guitar and singing with sparse production.
 Hammered is the second album released by the Wicked Tinkers.It contains the music of the Highlands of Scotland along with Irish Canadian and even American tunes rounding out the repertoire.
 Magic Hollow is a box set compilation by The Beau Brummels comprising 113 songs recorded between 1964-1968 including hit singles demos outtakes rarities and previously unissued material. The set was released on June 21 2005 by Rhino Handmade.
 Tone Dialing is an album recorded in 1995 by the American jazz composer and saxophonist Ornette Coleman and his Prime Time ensemble. It was released in September 1995 by Coleman's Harmolodic record label in partnership with Verve/PolyGram. It was the Harmolodic label's first release and the first disc fully devoted to Coleman's music in eight years.
 Neighborhood Supastar Pt. 3 is a collaboration album by American rappers The Boy Boy Young Mess and Philthy Rich released in June 2011 via Livewire Records & SMC Recordings. The last of the Neighborhood Supastar series it features guest appearances from Mistah F.A.B. J. Stalin Glasses Malone Rydah J. Klyde and Kafani among others. It charted on the Heatseekers Pacific chart.
 BET's Listening Party is the second album by R&B group Jade. It was released in summer of 1993 and is a live album.
 El Rompe Discoteka: The Mix Album is a 2007 album by Hector El Father.
 Sonic the Hedgehog Boom: The Music from Sonic CD and Sonic Spinball also shortened as Sonic Boom is the official soundtrack album to the 1993 platform video games Sonic the Hedgehog CD (US ver.) and Sonic the Hedgehog Spinball released by Sega as part of the Sonic the Hedgehog series.
 The Sound of Violence is Bahraini thrash metal band Motör Militia's debut album and is the first album of its genre to be released by a Middle Eastern group on an independent label.Influenced stylistically by 1980s thrash metal particularly Slayer and Metallica the album was recorded in Salmabad Bahrain—an industrial district more akin to forging steel than to recording studios. Regardless the band recorded eight songs between June and July 2004.
 Romance: Songs from the Heart is a 2007 album by Frank Sinatra released posthumously that consists of 21 tracks he recorded for Capitol Records. An alternate version of Nice 'n' Easy is included on the disc.
 Catalpa is Jolie Holland's debut album from 2003. The tracks were recorded in the living room of one of the band members with the intention of distributing the recordings among their friends. Inevitably copies of the recordings were passed from person to person and demand increased for a commercial release of the album. Catalpa was initially released on the Anti Records label and distributed through CDbaby.com.
 Talaash (Urdu: تلاش literal English translation: search) is the second studio album of the Pakistani sufi rock band Junoon released on September 3 1993. The album was to be their first with bassist Brian O'Connell who joined the band after Nusrat Hussain departed from the band to pursue his career as a solo artist and released his debut album Amrit in 1992.
 I to Sky is the second and final album from Irish indie rock band JJ72 released on Lakota Records in 2002 to much critical acclaim but lesser commercial success.
 Summer in Abaddon is the third full length album by indie rock band Pinback released through Touch & Go on October 12 2004. The album was recorded in the home studio of Zach Smith and Rob Crow.
 The Best of New Riders of the Purple Sage is an album by the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage. It contains a selection of songs that had previously appeared on the band's first seven albums which were recorded between 1971 and 1975. It was released by Columbia Records in 1976.According to the biography of the band on their official web site Just about this time the music business was entering another era and the New Riders ended their relationship with Columbia Records.
 Alltid på väg (Always on the road) is the third studio album by Swedish singer/songwriter Nanne Grönvall released in October 2005.
 The Satanic Mass: Recorded Live at the Church of Satan is the first released audio recording of a Satanic ritual recorded in 1968 at Church of Satan headquarters known as The Black House.The Satanic Mass includes Anton LaVey performing the first publicly recorded Satanic baptism in history for his youngest daughter Zeena which garnered world-wide publicity. The album was originally released as a vinyl LP on LaVey's own label Murgenstrumm 1968.
 Крылья (Kryla) (Wings) is the fourth full-length album by the Russian Power Metal band Catharsis. It was released on March 25 2005 by Irond.
 Merry Christmas Wherever You Are is a Christmas album by George Strait. It was released by MCA Records. It has his versions of many classic Christmas songs as well as the newly penned tracks I Know What I Want for Christmas Old Time Christmas Noel Leon Santa's on His Way and the title track.
 Insect and Individual Silenced was the fourth album by Nurse With Wound.The album was recorded in 1981 with core member Steven Stapleton being joined by drummer Trevor Reidy and J. G. Thirlwell of Foetus for the track Absent Old Queen Underfoot. Reidy and Thirlwell worked in the same Virgin store in London at the time and met Stapleton there. The album however is best known for Stapleton's long held disregard of its contents.
 Now Do U Wanta Dance is fifth album by Graham Central Station.
 Fragile Equality is the second studio album by Brazilian power metal band Almah released in October 2008.
 The Other Half of Letting Go... is the fourth official mixtape from Milwaukee Wisconsin rapper Gerald Walker. The mixtape was released on September 20 2011 through One Step at a Time Music. The mixtape is named after American painter Esao Andrews' piece also titled The Other Half of Letting Go. The mixtape's lead single The Missing Piece is produced by Chemist. The second single Shackles was produced by J.LBS.
 Christmas...Our Gifts To You is an album by The Winans featuring many members of the Winans family.
 Organized is the only solo album by Morgan Nicholls released in 2000. Miss Parker Soul Searching Flying High and Sitting in the Sun were also released as singles.
 Lonely Are the Brave is the debut studio album by English/Irish vocalist/rapper Maverick Sabre. The album was first released on 27 January 2012 in Ireland which was succeeded by a release in the United Kingdom on 6 February 2012. Three singles preceded its release Let Me Go (July 2011) I Need (November 2011) and No One (February 2012).
 Out Of Our Minds (also abbreviated as OOOM) is the second solo album from Melissa Auf der Maur released on March 30 2010.Released six years after her self-titled debut the album was also accompanied by a feature film and comic of the same name. According to reports the album has been completed since 2007.
 Songs of Faith is a solo album by Jack Hannah a member of the Sons of the San Joaquin. It is a compilation of tracks from two of Hannah's earliest albums: I've Made Up My Mind from 1973 and I'm Steppin' High from 1976.
 Kiss is the ninth studio album of German band Bad Boys Blue. It was released on September 27 1993 by Coconut Records. One single was also released. John McInerney performed Kiss You All Over Baby which before had been sung by Trevor Taylor. The song Save Your Love from the previous album was performed here as Aguarda Tu Amorin in Spanish. The song Kisses And Tears is taken from the second album.This record was the last with Trevor Bannister.
 Merry Christmas Strait to You! is the first Christmas album by American country music artist George Strait released on September 8 1986 by MCA Records. It reached #17 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart and is certified double platinum by the RIAA.
 I'm Countryfied is a 1980 country album by Mel McDaniel. The album peaked at number 24 on the Top Country Albums charts. The biggest hit on the album and also one of McDaniel's biggest hits was Louisiana Saturday Night which reached number 7 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts. Also on the US Country charts the title track Countryfied peaked at number 23 Hello Daddy Good Morning Darling peaked at number 39 and Right in the Palm of Your Hand peaked at number 10.
 Phillips Craig and Dean is Phillips Craig and Dean's self-titled debut album released on September 17 1992. The songs Turn Up the Radio and Favorite Song of All were released as singles. Both of those songs as well as Midnight Oil This Is the Life and Little Bit of Morning were included on their greatest hits album Favorite Songs of All.
 A Matter of Time is the first official mixtape of American singer Mike Posner. It was released February 28 2009.
 Ironiclast is the debut album the American heavy metal supergroup The Damned Things. The album was released on December 14 2010 internationally and a day later in North America. The supergroup includes Joe Trohman and Andy Hurley of Fall Out Boy Scott Ian and Rob Caggiano of Anthrax and Keith Buckley and Josh Newton of Every Time I Die. Newton however was only a touring member of The Damned Things initially and did not write or record anything for Ironiclast.
 Cordial is the tenth studio album from Québécois band La Bottine Souriante. It was released in 2001 through the band's own label Les Productions Mille-Pattes.Like in the band's recent albums contemporary instruments are added in to give the songs a modern sound. In this album synthesizers drums and mixing (track 16) are introduced. The first track is even mixed with traditional arabic music. All the songs and reels are still mostly traditional.
 Good Day to Cross a River is the debut album by comedian Greg Giraldo released by Comedy Central Records on October 24 2006.
 Second album of Polish hardcore punk rock band Eye for an Eye
 Only Human is the second album by British soul/dance singer Dina Carroll released in 1996 on the Mercury label. It includes The Perfect Year a track which had been a top 5 single in the UK Singles Chart in 1993 during the long chart run of Carroll's debut album So Close on which it had not been included. Escaping reached No. 3 in the UK Carroll's joint highest charting single (along with Don't Be a Stranger).
 Lost Ocean is the first album released by Credential Records band Lost Ocean. It features four songs of their EP Night to Life. The album was released on February 20 2007.
 Thee Hounds of Foggy Notion is the title of the August 25 2008 live CD/DVD release by San Francisco-based rock band Thee Oh Sees. Recorded during their Sucks Blood era in 2007 the performances include songs from previous albums as well as others that were unreleased at the time.
 What About Me is the debut studio album by Anne Murray issued in 1968 on Arc Records. Upon its release the album was only issued in Canada (it would later be issued in the U.S. following Murray's 1970s chart success there).
 What It Is to Burn is the debut album by U.S. band Finch. It was produced by former Drive Like Jehu drummer Mark Trombino (Jimmy Eat World Madina Lake Blink-182). Daryl Palumbo from New York rock band Glassjaw makes a guest appearance on two songs Grey Matter and Project Mayhem.
 ELV1S: 30 #1 Hits is a greatest hits collection of songs by American rock and roll icon Elvis Presley that reached No. 1 in both the United States Australian and the United Kingdom's album charts. The album was released by RCA Records on September 24 2002. It is the first Elvis Presley album to feature the remix of A Little Less Conversation by Junkie XL that was released earlier in the year (see 2002 in music) and reached No. 1 in the UK.
 Flowers for Albert is the second album by David Murray. It was originally released on the India Navigation label in 1976 and re-released in 1996 with three additional tracks (tracks 2 4 & 6). It features a live performance by Murray Olu Dara Fred Hopkins and Phillip Wilson recorded in concert at the Ladies' Fort NYC.
 It's a Big Daddy Thing is the second full-length album by American rapper Big Daddy Kane. It was released on September 12 1989.To date it is his most successful effort commercially certified gold by RIAA.In character with his first album and many other albums of the day It's a Big Daddy Thing branches out into different styles from battle rhymes to love ballads and more. His later posturing as a self-proclaimed ladies' man is somewhat foreshadowed by the hit song Smooth Operator.
 The Party's Over was the debut album by Talk Talk. It was released in 1982 and produced by Colin Thurston who was a former engineer for David Bowie but was better known for producing Duran Duran's first two albums.In the United Kingdom the album's single Today was a top twenty hit. The remixed version of the single Talk Talk reached #1 in South Africa in 1983 (and #23 in the UK).
 The Jazz Message of Hank Mobley is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley released on the Savoy label in 1956. It was recorded on February 8 1956 and features performances by Mobley Donald Byrd Ronnie Ball Horace Silver Doug Watkins Wendell Marshall John LaPorta and Kenny Clarke.
 The Dynospectrum is the debut album from The Dynospectrum a collaboration between the Headshots crew members such as Beyond (now known as Musab) Slug of Atmosphere Swift of Phull Surkle and I Self Devine of Micranots. They performed under the pseudonyms General Woundwart Sept Sev Sev Two Mr. Gene Poole and Pat Juba respectively. The album was entirely produced by Rhymesayers in-house producer Ant of Atmosphere who assumed the name Solomon Grundy for the project.
 Holy Hell is the debut album from Noun the solo project of Marissa Paternoster of Screaming Females. The album was released by Don Giovanni Records in 2010.
 Loud Pack is the eighth studio album by Memphis rapper Project Pat. The album was released on July 19 2011.
 Slingshot is the sixth album by American bass guitarist Michael Henderson. Released in 1981 on Buddah Records.
 Genius Loves Company is the final studio album by rhythm and blues and soul musician Ray Charles posthumously released August 31 2004 on Concord Records. Recording sessions for the album took place between June 2003 and March 2004. The album consists of R&B country pop and blues standards performed by Charles and several guest musicians such as Natalie Cole Elton John James Taylor Norah Jones B.B. King Gladys Knight Diana Krall Van Morrison Willie Nelson and Bonnie Raitt.
 Rock the 40 Oz: Reloaded is a compilation album released by Leftöver Crack. It features songs from their first release Rock the 40 Oz. also featuring songs from compilation albums and some bonus tracks.
 Fire Away is the follow-up album to Ozomatli's 2007 studio release Don't Mess with the Dragon.
 The Nextwave Sessions is an extended play by British indie rock band Bloc Party. It was released on 12 August 2013 in the United Kingdom and 13 August in the United States via Frenchkiss Records. Ratchet and Obscene were recorded with Dan Carey who had previously worked with Bat for Lashes and Hot Chip.
 Unearthed is an acclaimed box set by Johnny Cash released two months after his death in 2003. It was produced by Rick Rubin and released by American Recordings. The first three discs feature outtakes and alternate versions of songs recorded for American Recordings Unchained American III: Solitary Man and American IV: The Man Comes Around. The fourth disc My Mother's Hymn Book features gospel songs Cash first learned from his mother as a child.
 The Glamorous Life (full title Sheila E. in The Glamorous Life) is the debut album from singer/drummer/percussionist Sheila E.. Written by Prince and originally intended for Apollonia 6 the title track hit the U.S. top ten and her second single The Belle of St. Mark charted in the U.S UK Irish Dutch and New Zealand.
 Come Share My Love is the debut studio album by American R&B singer Miki Howard. Released on November 19 1986 under Atlantic Records label the album peaked at #171 on the Billboard 200 and #19 on the Billboard R&B Albums Chart.
 Houston: We Have a Drinking Problem is the first studio album by Bad Astronaut released in 2002 on the Honest Don's independent record label. The title alludes to the statement Houston we have a problem somewhat inaccurately attributed to astronaut Jim Lovell aboard the Apollo 13 spacecraft when an explosion in the Service Module endangered the crew. The track Our Greatest Year features a harmonica solo by John Popper of Blues Traveler fame.The album features two covers.
 Over the Hills & Far Away: The Music of Sharpe was released in 1996 as a companion to the Sharpe television series.
 Partikel II is a collaborative album by the noise musicians Merzbow and Nordvargr. The artists used each other's music as soundsources for their own works. It is the second part of the Partikel trilogy.
 Ultra is the ninth studio album by English electronic music band Depeche Mode released on 14 April 1997 by Mute Records. The album was the band's first since the departure of Alan Wilder who had left the band in 1995 having become disillusioned with life in Depeche Mode. Wilder's departure and lead singer Dave Gahan's drug problems which culminated in a near-fatal overdose had caused many people to speculate that the band was finished.
 Astral Weeks is an album by Charles Mingus.It is an unauthorized bootleg recorded live in Copenhagen on April 14 1964 during Mingus's European tour that month. Personnel:Charles Mingus: bassEric Dolphy: alto saxophone flute bass clarinet Clifford Jordan: tenor saxophone Jaki Byard: piano Johnny Coles : trumpet Dannie Richmond: drums The music was originally released as a vinyl LP on the Moon label (mlp016-1) but the date of this first release is not well documented. This L.P.
 Shinji Ilabas Mo Na Ang Helicopter is the second studio album by the Filipino dance-punk band Pedicab released July 11 2008 on MCA Records.
 All I Really Want to Do is the debut solo album by American singer and actress Cher and was released on October 16 1965 by Imperial Records. The album was produced for Cher by her husband and singing partner Sonny Bono with contributions from arranger Harold Battiste. The album is by-and-large a collection of cover versions but does contain three songs written by Bono. Upon its release the album was well received by critics and garnered positive reviews.
 The soundtrack to the film Deep Red was mainly composed and performed by the Italian progressive rock band Goblin. Director Dario Argento had originally contacted jazz pianist and composer Giorgio Gaslini to score the film but he was unhappy with his output deeming it awful. After failing to get Pink Floyd to write music for the film Argento turned back to Italy and found Goblin.
 Bride Live! Volume I is a limited edition live album by Bride. This item is rare as only 2500 were produced.
 Rocket to Russia is the third studio album by the American punk rock band The Ramones and was released on November 4 1977 through Sire Records. Its origins date back to the summer of 1977 when Sheena Is a Punk Rocker was released as a single. That summer was known as the peak of the punk rock genre since many punk bands were offered recording contracts.
 Sacred Revolution is an album recorded live at OneDay03 held in May 2003 in Sherman Texas.
 Summer in the City: Live in New York is a live album produced by Joe Jackson and Sheldon Steiger.With semi-classical pieces on his previous three recordings Jackson proved he had not abandoned pop altogether in June 2000 with this issue an album drawn from an August 1999 concert.
 Origin is Borknagar's seventh studio album and is primarily an acoustic effort. Origin explores the band's more progressive and traditional elements.Following his brief departure from the band during the recording sessions of Epic this album would mark bassist Tyr's rejoining of the band.Oceans Rise is an acoustic remake of the original which appeared on their 1998 release The Archaic Course.
 New Arrival is the fourth length studio album by the A-Teens released in 2003. The album consists of six songs previously released on Pop 'til You Drop! with Let Your Heart Do All the Talking having a new altered version with a slightly different ending on this album along with six new previously unreleased songs.
 Minus the Herd is the third studio album by the Canadian mathcore/deathcore band Ion Dissonance released on June 5 2007 through Abacus Recordings. Minus the Herd sold over 1900 copies its first week of release peaking at #22 on the Billboard 200 Heatseekers Charts. A music video was made for Kneel in 2007 and was released the same year viva Abacus Recording's YouTube channel.
 Sanctified is the fourth album for Swedish heavy metal band Morgana Lefay.
 The Best Of is a 2-disc compilation album by the British band Motörhead released 26 August 2000 on the Sanctuary Records subsidiary label Metal-Is. It includes 37 Motörhead tracks spanning the band's career from 1977 to 2000 including four previously unreleased live tracks recorded in 1981.
 Special Reserve is a 2003 compilation album by Gaelic Storm.
 Splendid Isolation is the second studio album recorded by Yonderboi.
 Vagabond is the tenth album by Eddi Reader released in the UK on 3 February 2014.
 A Practical Guide to Astral Projection is an EP and the second studio record by American rock band The Nymphs. It was produced by Bill Price and released in 1992 on DGC Records. The EP consists of demos the band made prior to being signed and a cover of Badfinger's Come and Get It. The EP was released after the band broke up.
 Through the Camera Eye is a videocassette/laserdisc release by the Canadian band Rush. It was released in 1985 by PolyGram Records. It contains promotional videos issued for the band's albums Moving Pictures (1981) Signals (1982) and Grace Under Pressure (1984). Absent from the collection were the videos for Limelight and the album version of Tom Sawyer both filmed at Le Studio (the same locale as the Vital Signs video). The live version of Tom Sawyer comes from the concert video Exit...
 Wrong Side of the Daylight is the debut studio album from Danish singer Thomas Ring Petersen it was released on March 4 2011 in Denmark. It has peaked to number 2 on the Danish Albums Chart
 Baddi Doub (Arabic: بدي دوب‎) is Elissa's debut album released in 1999.
 Jerry Reed Sings Jim Croce is an album by American country music singer Jerry Reed released in 1980. The album is a tribute album for Jim Croce who died in 1973 in a plane crash during the peak of his career. Seven of the ten songs were singles released by Croce. The album peaked at number 56 on the Billboard country chart. The song Age (b/w Workin' at the Car Wash Blues) was the only single released from the album. It peaked at 36 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.
 Bag of Hits is a compilation album by the band Fun Lovin' Criminals.
 The Year of the Underdogz is a collaborative studio album by rappers Young Noble & Gage Gully. It was released on May 7 2013 by A.G.E/Empire Distribution.
 The Lost Chords find Paolo Fresu is an album by American composer bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley with Andy Sheppard Steve Swallow and Billy Drummond and Paolo Fresu recorded in Europe in 2007 and released on the Watt/ECM label.
 Dirty Diamonds is the 24th studio album by Alice Cooper released on July 4 2005 internationally and August 2 in the US.The album peaked on Billboard's Top Independent Albums chart at #17 and the Billboard 200 album chart at #169 - Cooper's highest charting album since The Last Temptation 11 years prior.
 Aquarium is the third full-length album released by German electronic duo Naomi. The album was released on October 31 2006 on Mole Listening Pearls.
 Go for Your Guns is the fifteenth album by The Isley Brothers. Released in March 1977 on their T-Neck label it was also the band's fifth album to be distributed by their deal with Epic.
 Beethoven's Fist is the third studio album by The Lime Spiders. It was released in 1990 through Virgin Records.
 Rid of Me is the second studio album by British musician PJ Harvey. It was released by Island Records in May 1993 approximately one year after the release of her critically acclaimed debut album Dry. It marked a departure from Harvey’s previous songwriting being more raw and aggressive than its predecessor.The songs on Rid of Me were performed by Harvey’s eponymous trio consisting of Harvey on guitar and vocals Rob Ellis on drums and background vocals and Steve Vaughan on bass.
 Manhattan Boogie-Woogie is the third and final album by Landscape and was released in 1982. It is the only Landscape album that does not include any instrumental tracks.The album was reissued in November 2009 on the Cherry Pop label. This CD also includes Landscape's self-titled debut album Landscape.
 Rosas del Amor is a 1987 flamenco album the debut solo album of Spanish guitarist Tomatito.
 Radio is the ninth album of the German a cappella group Wise Guys. It is built in the form of a radio broadcast: between each individual piece come jingles and other small tidbits such as the news or sports. This stands as the first concept album of the Wise Guys.
 LadyLuck is the third album by Maria Taylor released on March 31 2009. Three tracks from the album Time Lapse Lifeline Orchids and Cartoons and Forever Plans are currently available on her MySpace. Time Lapse Lifeline and Cartoons and Forever Plans are also available for digital download on iTunes and Amazon. Time Lapse Lifeline was also featured in the 24th episode of the fourth season of the FOX show Bones (The Beaver in the Otter).
 Beak & Claw is the debut EP from Sisyphus (released under the name S/S/S) a collaborative project between Serengeti Sufjan Stevens and Son Lux. It was released on Anticon in 2012.
 Šta bi dao da si na mom mjestu (trans. What Would You Give to Be in My Place) is the second studio album from influential former Yugoslav rock band Bijelo Dugme released in 1975.The album was polled in 1998 as the 17th on the list of 100 greatest Yugoslav rock and pop albums in the book YU 100: najbolji albumi jugoslovenske rok i pop muzike (YU 100: The Best Albums of Yugoslav Pop and Rock Music).
 Sacred Heart is an album by Peter Ostroushko released in 2000. It is the final part of the trilogy Ostroushko calls his heartland trilogy — Heart of the Heartland Pilgrims on the Heart Road and Sacred Heart. In contrast to the first two albums Sacred Heart is completely instrumental.
 The Beauty and the Tragedy is a demo album by the American alternative rock band The Age of Information known then as 'Trading Yesterday'.
 Becoming i is the second and final album by the disbanded American alternative metal band Ünloco. The album was released on March 11 2003 via Maverick Records. Produced by metal-veteran Andrew Murdock the band's sound took an unexpected somber turn toward a more melodic metal-acoustic style. The second offering included two acoustic tracks -- Watching Me Slip and Texas.
 One With the Underdogs is the debut full length release by Californian hardcore band Terror. It was released in the US through Trustkill Records and in Germany through Dead Serious Records
 From the Depths of Darkness is a compilation album by one-man musical project Burzum released on 6 December 2011 through Byelobog Productions. It consists of newly re-recorded tracks from Burzum's first two albums Burzum (1992) and Det som engang var (1993) along with three new tracks.
 The Best Of Axel Rudi Pell: Anniversary Edition is the fifth compilation from German guitar player Axel Rudi Pell. It was released in 2009 on Steamhammer Records. The album showcases 12 tracks from the past ten years since 1999 of the current line up with the exceptions of Carousel and Oceans of Time which had previous drummer Jorg Michael on.
 Showtime is a video recording by British rock band Blur released in February 1995. It is a recording of the band's gig at Alexandra Palace London England on 7 October 1994. For many years the video has only been released in the UK on VHS. A cult following to get it released on DVD occurred amongst fans[citation needed] which beame successful as a DVD version is included on Blur 21 boxset released 30 July 2012.
 His Majesty King Funk is a jazz album recorded in 1965 by Grant Green.
 Love Made Visible was the first release by British indie band Delays on Fiction Records. It was due to be released on 5 November 2007 however on Amazon it was released on the 12th.
 Skip School Start Fights is the second full-length studio album from the American pop punk band Hit the Lights released on July 8 2008. It was mixed by Zach Odom and Kenneth Mount (Mayday Parade All Time Low Cartel). This is the first release with their new vocalist Nick Thompson who previously played guitar and provide backing vocals.
 Remembering the Fireballs (Part 8) is a compilation album by the American post-hardcore group Lync. It is composed of singles and unreleased tracks. The album was released on K Records in 1997.
 Every Night is the 8th studio album by a Japanese singer-songwriter Yōsui Inoue released in December 1980.
 Peace Love Ukulele is Jake Shimabukuro's 2011 solo album.
 Invasion is the second album by Canadian hip hop duo Dragon Fli Empire released in 2005 on Makebelieve Records. It was viewed as a progression in the duo's sound and features guest artists from Calgary Edmonton Vancouver Toronto Tacoma and Portland. Several tracks were included in different CD compilations. The track Roc the Crowd (featuring and produced by Ohmega Watts) was released as a 12 vinyl single on Bigfoot Records in 2007.
 On the Road to Beautiful is the fourth studio album from Charlie Hall.
 Ta Erotika Sakis Rouvas (Greek: Τα Ερωτικά; English: Erotica) is the first love song collection and fifth compilation album by Greek pop-rock singer-songwriter Sakis Rouvas and is part of the Universal Music Greece series Ta Erotika. It was released on February 10 2007 and comprises songs from his first five albums released under the former PolyGram Records Greece. The album comprises 18 tracks with a love oriented theme.
 Galveston is the thirteenth album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1969 by Capitol Records.
 No Roses is an album by Shirley Collins and the Albion Country Band. It was recorded at Sound Techniques and Air Studios in London in the summer of 1971. It was produced by Sandy Roberton and Ashley Hutchings (Shirley Collins' husband at the time). It was released in October 1971 on the Pegasus label.It is very unusual to have 27 musicians and singers on an album of traditional folk songs. It happened because people simply dropped in during recording sessions and were asked to join in.
 Children of Sanchez is the sixteenth overall album by jazz artist Chuck Mangione. It is also the soundtrack to the 1979 film Children of Sanchez. Chuck Mangione won a Grammy for Best Pop Instrumental Performance for the title song Children of Sanchez. The title track is sung by Don Potter.
 Rahsaan Rahsaan is a live album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Rahsaan Roland Kirk featuring performances recorded at the Village Vanguard in May 1970. It was originally released on the Atlantic label in 1970 and features performances by Kirk with Ron Burton Vernon Martin James Madison and Joe Habad Texidor with Dick Griffith Howard Johnson Leroy Jenkins Sonelius Smith and Alvern Bunn added on an extended track.
 Sayonara is the twenty-sixth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. It was certified Gold.
 V obrazech (English: In Pictures) is the second set of the original motion pictures scores by Petr Hapka which was released in 2003.The forty tracks collection compils his music written for the movies Upír z Feratu (English: Ferat Vampire directed by Juraj Herz 1982) Tisícročná včela (English: A Thousand-year-old Bee directed by Juraj Jakubisko 1983) Perinbaba (English: The Feather Fairy also directed by Jakubisko 1985).Apart from others the album also features vocal performances by Marika Gombitová on three tracks in total (Jaro léto podzim zima Píseň and Běh času).
 I Done A Album is the first album by British beat-box artist Beardyman. The album features a number of satirical tracks often direct parodies of the likes of Aphex Twin or Dizzee Rascal.
 Jam Gems: Live at the Left Bank is collaboration live album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard and tenor saxophonist Jimmy Heath recorded at the Left Bank ballroom in Baltimore in June 1965 and released on the Label M label in 2001. It features performances by Hubbard Heath Gus Simms Wilbur Little and Bertell Knox.
 The Solo Collection is a box set detailing the solo career of Freddie Mercury; it includes the material Mercury recorded before joining up with Queen up through the 1993 No More Brothers remixes. Mercury's singles and two studio albums are included as well as a disc of instrumentals numerous rare tracks and a set of interviews conducted by David Wigg. Also included are two DVDs: a collection of music videos and a documentary covering Mercury's life.
 Poor Moon is the third studio album by American duo Hiss Golden Messenger. It was released in April 2012 under Tompkins Square Records
 Whatever's Got You Down is the seventh album from the American band Samiam. It was released in 2006 on Hopeless Records and Burning Heart Records after a six-year hiatus.
 Rhythm & Blues was an album by the British musician Robert Palmer. His thirteenth solo studio album it was released in 1999 and was his first new release in 5 years. The album reached No. 118 in the UK but did not chart in the US.The album's only single True Love peaked at #94 in the UK.
 Kick Start is a best of album by English mod revival band The Lambrettas. It contains the hit singles Poison Ivy Da-a-ance and the band's first ever single Go Steady which until Kick Start had never been released on an album.
 The Tour EP is an EP by Band of Horses which preceded their debut album Everything All the Time. The self-released EP was initially sold at shows and was later made available in limited quantities at Sub Pop's website. It features early versions of five tracks from Everything All the Time as well as the otherwise unavailable track (Biding Time Is A) Boat To Row.
 This Is My Dream is the third album by R&B group Switch. It was released in 1980. This is also the only album during their tenure with Motown not to feature input from Jermaine Jackson; they produced this album themselves. It included the hit Love Over And Over Again which Bobby DeBarge wrote with his sister and future DeBarge member Bunny DeBarge.
 Oneness is an album by Jack DeJohnette with Michael Cain Jerome Harris and Don Alias recorded in 1997 and released on the ECM label. The Allmusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine states Oneness stands as a welcome minimalist and challenging effort from DeJohnette.
 The Magic of Boney M. - The Danish Collection is a Danish 2CD by Boney M. comprising the 2006 compilation The Magic of Boney M. and 2007 compilation Christmas With Boney M.. The album peaked at #16 in the Danish album charts.For track listing see respective albums.
 Sedes Muzgó is the joint album of Polish punk rock bands Sedes and Defekt Muzgó
 So Smooth was Perry Como's first RCA Victor 12 long-play album recorded and originally released in 1955. This was also Perry's first album recorded at Webster Hall in New York City and his first album with the Ray Charles Singers who would support him generally throughout the remainder of his recording career.
 What a Wonderful World is the first Holiday/Christmas album by American country pop recording artist LeAnn Rimes. It is her sixth studio album and consist of jazz inspired holiday music. Rimes released four promotional singles from this album: O Holy Night Rockin' Around The Christmas Tree Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas and A Different Kind Of Christmas. LeAnn also co-wrote three tracks on this holiday album one of which with her then husband Dean Sheremet.
 I Am Nemesis is the 8th full-length album by the German metalcore band Caliban which was released on February 3 2012 on Century Media.
 Black Gipsy is an album by jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp recorded in Europe in 1969 for the America label. The album was also issued by the Prestige label under the title Black Gypsy. The Allmusic review by Sean Westergaard states This music gets intense but melody is always at its core: this is not just a free blowing session. The rhythm section keeps things well grounded aided greatly by Burrell's marvelous comping while the horns and harmonica take the melodies and run with them.
 Ultimate Collection is the eighth album released on Motown Records by the group DeBarge. The album is the second compilation of their greatest hits. In addition to the group numbers it also includes solo singles from El DeBarge and Bunny DeBarge. It also includes a track from Chico DeBarge who was never part of the family group. Also Motown was able to get the rights to the song Dance All Night from their Striped Horse Records album Bad Boys for this collection.
 De Regreso Al Pasado is an album by pop singer Charytín. It was released in 1987.
 The Second EP is the first album released by Baton Rouge Louisiana based indie pop group The Eames Era. The title The Second EP probably refers to the demo EP the band recorded early 2003 before signing with the C Student Records label. The album's lead track Could Be Anything was featured on the soundtrack for American medical drama Grey's Anatomy (see Grey's Anatomy Soundtrack) and on Canadian teen drama Falcon Beach garnering a much bigger audience for the band.
 Killervision is an album by New Zealand dub group Salmonella Dub released in 1999.The album received several awards at the 1999 New Zealand Music Awards.
 Rock Follies of '77 is a soundtrack album of the second series of the UK television drama Rock Follies. Released in 1977 on Polydor Records in both the UK and the US the album contained 12 tracks from the series as performed by the stars Julie Covington Charlotte Cornwell and Rula Lenska. In addition cast member Sue Jones-Davies was a vocalist on many tracks including the album's hit single O.K.?.
 1996 is a 1996 album by Japanese composer and pianist Ryuichi Sakamoto. It contains a selection of Sakamoto's most popular compositions plus two new compositions all arranged for a standard piano trio.
 Grown Man is the thirteenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Loudon Wainwright III released on October 2 1995 on Virgin Records. The release is generally considered less stark and somewhat more humorous that its predecessor History.Grown Man contains a song addressed to his daughter Martha Wainwright entitled Father/Daughter Dialogue on which they duet.
 Little Princess (subtitled Tim Sparks Plays Naftule Brandwein) is the eighth album by guitarist Tim Sparks and his fourth on the Tzadik Records label. It is a tribute album to the music of Klezmer clarinetist Naftule Brandwein.
 Music for the Divine is a studio album by former Deep Purple Black Sabbath and Trapeze vocalist/ bassist Glenn Hughes. It was his eleventh solo studio album and was released in 2006 on Frontier Demolition Sony BMG and Yamaha records.
 Graffiti on the Train is the eighth studio album by Welsh rock band Stereophonics. Produced by Kelly Jones and Jim Lowe it was released on 4 March 2013 on the band's own Stylus Records. It was the first Stereophonics album since Keep Calm and Carry On (2009) marking the first time they had not released a record within two years. The record is a shift in the group's musical style as it incorporates cinematic-style music.
 Flying the Corporate Jet is an album by American alternative rock band Nine Days. It is their sixth studio album and was released on their own label Dirty Poet Records in 2003.
 Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 19 (subtitled Michigan Part 3) is a compilation album in the Highs in the Mid-Sixties series featuring recordings that were released in Michigan. Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 5 and Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 6 are earlier volumes in the series featuring bands from this state.
 Ten Masked Men was the debut album of British death metal cover band Ten Masked Men released in 1999.
 Lucero de México (Lucero of Mexico) is the ninth album from Mexican pop music singer and actress Lucero and her second Mariachi album. It was released on 1992. One of the best selling albums of mariachi music in México history with sales of over 2 million copies.
 The Collection is a compilation album released in 2003 by the Canadian-American rock band Steppenwolf.
 Blue Record is an EP from the band Unknown Mortal Orchestra released on 29 October 2013.
 Pebbles Volume 1 is a compilation album among the CDs in the Pebbles series and is actually the first CD to be released in the series. This is a different album from the Pebbles Volume 1 CD that was released by AIP Records in 1992.
 The Misty Miss Christy is a 1956 studio album by June Christy. Christy sings several jazz standards along with a few lesser-known tunes all arranged by Pete Rugolo who also conducted the orchestra which actually consisted of different combinations of musicians assembled on different recording dates with some overlap. The album was originally released on the Capitol Records label and reissued on Discovery Records and later on CD by Blue Note Records.
 Acoustic Angels is a live album by German girl group No Angels. It was recorded as part of a special unplugged performance at the P1 club in Munich Germany and originally released on a special edition of band's third studio album Pure (2003) by Cheyenne Records. Following the group's disbandment in fall 2003 it received a sole release on July 5 2004 (see 2004 in music) in German-speaking Europe where it reached number 80 on the German Albums Chart only.
 Anomaly is the second full-length album released by The Hiatus on June 30 2010. It peaked at No. 5 on the Oricon album chart. Tez Humphreys drew the illustration for the record jacket.
 Yes You Can is the third studio album by British singer-songwriter Steve Harley released in 1992 within Europe and 1993 in the UK.
 Spark Plug is the second album by soul jazz guitarist Melvin Sparks which was recorded for the Prestige label in 1971.
 The Muppet Movie: Original Soundtrack Recording is a soundtrack album from the 1979 film The Muppet Movie featuring the songs and select score written by Paul Williams and Kenny Ascher.Originally released on LP by Atlantic Records the album reached No. 25 on the Billboard Hot 100 No. 32 on Billboard's Top LP's and Tapes chart and was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 Is Is is Yeah Yeah Yeahs' third EP released on July 24 2007. Songs for the EP were written in 2004 in between touring behind the band's first record Fever to Tell. The song Down Boy was #61 on Rolling Stone's list of the 100 Best Songs of 2007.
 (Breach) is the third studio album by The Wallflowers. The album's first single was Sleepwalker the video of which poked fun at Dylan's rock star status following the success of Bringing Down the Horse. Guests on the album included Elvis Costello who lent vocals on Murder 101. Despite good reviews the album failed to follow the commercial success of Bringing Down the Horse and was seen as somewhat of a commercial failure.
 Humppa-Akatemia is a 2000 compilation album by the Finnish group Eläkeläiset.
 Honeymoon Suite was the debut album by the band Honeymoon Suite released in 1984 on Warner Bros. Records. It went certified Platinum in Canada and all four singles - New Girl Now Burning In Love Wave Babies and Stay In The Light - were certified Gold as well in Canada.
 Souls to Deny is a fourth album by the death metal band Suffocation marking the end of a six-year hiatus. This is the first album featuring former guitarist Guy Marchais (ex-Pyrexia ex-Internal Bleeding) and marks the return of original drummer Mike Smith. They did not have a bass player during the recording; bass guitar tracks on the album are played by Terrance Hobbs and Mike Smith. The cover artwork is by artist Dan Seagrave.
 Stone is the debut album from Finnish thrash metal band Stone. It was originally released in 1988 and remastered and re-issued in 2003. It was re-released again in 2009 bundled with No Anaesthesia! in a 2 CD set. Several singles were released from the album.
 Extra Medium Kick Ball Star (17) is a mid-career album by California Punk Rock band Fifteen.
 The World is a Ball is a 1985 album by M + M.The album's only notable single was Song in My Head. Due to the album's poor chart performance the band retired for several years not releasing a new album until 1992's Modern Lullaby.
 Strangers on a Train (aka Voices Calling) is the third and final album by the American rock band The Left Banke and was released in March 1986. The album was recorded by a reformed line-up of the band featuring three of the original members: Steve Martin Tom Finn and George Cameron.
 As Is Now is Paul Weller's eighth studio album. Released in October 2005 it reached number 4 in the UK charts.The singles from the record were From The Floorboards Up (charted at #6) Come On/Let's Go (charted at #15) Here's The Good News (charted at #21) and the The As Is Now EP (which included Blink And You'll Miss It) which did not qualify for the charts and it had 4 tracks on and was only released on 7.
 Ammonia Avenue is the seventh studio album by The Alan Parsons Project released in 1984. It is one of the band's biggest-selling albums carrying an RIAA certification of gold. The Phil Spector-influenced million-selling smash hit Don't Answer Me was Ammonia Avenue's lead single; it reached the Top 15 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and Mainstream Rock Tracks charts as well as the fourth position on the Adult contemporary chart.
 Byrd Blows on Beacon Hill is the an album by trumpeter Donald Byrd recorded at Steve Fassett's Home on Beacon Hill in Boston in 1956 and originally released on Tom Wilson's Transition label in 1957. The album was later released as part of the compilation The Transition Sessions.
 Live at the Point is a live album by Seattle musician Shawn Smith. It was recorded at The Point in Philadelphia. Smith plays piano or guitar and sings on all tracks with no other accompaniment. Smith has described this as his best live vocal performance ever captured.For detailed info on each version of this release see Shawn Smith's Official Website
 TWO is the second extended play by Welsh recording artist Charlotte Church. It is the second in a series of five EPs released by Church. Her second alternative rock material it was released on 4 March 2013 and is preceded by two singles Glitterbombed and Lasts or Eschaton.
 Elis is an album by Brazilian singer Elis Regina MPB released in 1972 contains some successes as Bala Com Bala Nada Será Como Antes Casa no Campo e Atrás da Porta.It was listed by Rolling Stone Brazil as one of the 100 best Brazilian albums in history.
 All Alone is an album by Frank Sinatra released in 1962.Originally All Alone was going to be called Come Waltz With Me. Although the title and the accompanying specially written title song were dropped before the album's release the record remained a stately collection of waltzes arranged and conducted by Gordon Jenkins.
 Lighthouse on the Shore is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake released in 1985.
 Broadway & 52nd was the second album by jazz-rap group Us3 and has a more dark conscious mood to it than their first album. On the album the group continued mixing live musicians with samples and hip hop lyrics. Whilst the album was not as well-accepted as the debut album Hand on the Torch it represented a more mature approach to jazz-rap.
 Made in Japan (Live at Parco Capello) is the first live album by Italian rock group Elio e le storie tese. It shows a reference to the famous Deep Purple live album Made in Japan both in its title and graphics.
 Nickel Creek (2000 - Stylized as NICKELnickel creekCREEK) is an eponymous album by the acoustic/newgrass trio known as Nickel Creek. The group had released two albums prior to this however their earlier albums are no longer in print and the band redefined their style before the release of Nickel Creek. As a result Nickel Creek is widely regarded as their debut album. It was released by Sugar Hill Records and produced by country star Alison Krauss.
 Cole Deggs & the Lonesome is the only album by American country music band Cole Deggs & the Lonesome. It was released on July 10 2007 via Columbia Records. The album includes the singles I Got More and Girl Next Door.
 High Ceilings & Collarbones is the debut studio album by Spanish singer songwriter and musician from Madrid Juan Zelada. It was first released on 2 December 2011 in the United Kingdom. The album peaked to number 53 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Pete Townshend Live: A Benefit for Maryville Academy (Platinum 9555) is a 1998 live album by English rock musician Pete Townshend member of The Who recorded at the House of Blues in Chicago. It was produced by multi-instrumentalist Jon Carin who has been the keyboard player for Pink Floyd since 1988 and gives this album a special feel with the use of programmed drums and samples. Covers many Who songs and some solo material.
 Jack Johnson also known as A Tribute to Jack Johnson is a soundtrack recorded by American jazz musician Miles Davis. The album was the second film score Davis had composed after Ascenseur pour l'échafaud in 1957. In 1970 Davis was asked by Bill Cayton to record music for his documentary of the same name on the life of boxer Jack Johnson.
 ...And the Circus Leaves Town is the fourth and final studio album by American stoner rock/metal band Kyuss released on July 11 1995 three months before their breakup.
 Prime Time is a 1977 studio album by Count Basie.At the 20th Grammy Awards Count Basie won the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Performance by a Big Band for Prime Time.
 Carboot Soul is an album by Nightmares on Wax released on April 12 1999 (see 1999 in music).
 Chase Park is the fifth studio album from Magnapop released on September 4 2009. The recording is the first from the band released independently on the vanity label The Kraft Records.
 Trio Fascination: Edition One is an album by the American jazz saxophonist Joe Lovano recorded in 1997 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Jonathan Edwards is the debut album from the singer-songwriter Jonathan Edwards. The album gained some mainstream attention thanks to the catchy political-pop single Sunshine.
 Kevin Michael is the debut album by American singer Kevin Michael released by Atlantic Records on October 2 2007 in the United States. As of January 2008 the album spawned three singles: We All Want The Same Thing It Don't Make Any Difference To Me and Ain't Got You. Kevin Michael and his mother did a joint interview in the November issue of Sister 2 Sister magazine.
 Priesthood is the third studio album by Wu-Tang Clan affiliate and Sunz of Man rapper Killah Priest. He had previously cut ties with the Wu-Tang Clan after problems with its leader RZA and this album receives no input from them. Priesthood is also Killah Priest's first independent release as his last album View from Masada sold poorly and he was dropped from his label. As a result the album received very limited distribution and low sales though it was well received by critics.
 Golden Touch is the third album released by Shabba Ranks.The album was listed in the 1999 book The Rough Guide: Reggae: 100 Essential CDs.
 A Very Fine Love is the fourteenth and final studio album by singer Dusty Springfield and thirteenth released. Recorded in 1994 with producer Tom Shapiro and released in 1995 it was a Columbia Records release in both the US and UK and Springfield's first such simultaneous release since Living Without Your Love in 1979.
 Hotline is the seventh album by American rock band The J. Geils Band.
 Music & Me was the third solo album by American singer Michael Jackson released in 1973 on the Motown label selling two million copies worldwide. The album was reissued in 2009 as part of the 3-disc compilation Hello World: The Motown Solo Collection.
 Song to the King is the first full-length studio album from Christian band Pocket Full of Rocks. It was released on March 14 2006 by Myrrh Records.
 Everything is the debut album released by Addictiv on January 12 2009. The album followed after 5 successful singles from 2006 to 2009.
 Laura Branigan is the first video released by American pop-singer Laura Branigan.It was released internationally in VHS and Laserdisc format through Columbia Pictures Home Video which also released live concerts for many other famous singers of the time including Pat Benatar.The show was filmed at Caesars Tahoe Lake Tahoe and was broadcast on television as Laura Branigan In Concert.
 Teensville is the title of a recording by American guitarist and producer Chet Atkins. The idea here was for Chet to release a record appealing to teens who were now interested in rock 'n roll. The original version of Oh Lonesome Me a hit on both the pop and country charts for Don Gibson was produced by Chet and featured his guitar.The original liner notes were by The Everly Brothers whom Atkins later produced.
 The Horse The Rat and The Swan is the second studio album for Perth band Snowman. It was released on 24 May 2008 on Dot Dash Recordings. Snowman produced the album with Dave Parkin (The Panda Band Red Jezebel) at Blackbird Studios in Perth Western Australia.In an interview lead singer Joe McKee explains the reasoning behind the name of the album.The Horse the Rat and the Swan are three different characters and themes that reoccur in the album.
 Romantic Moments is a 1992 compilation album by Yanni and released on the BMG label.
 Sünde (German for Sin) is the third album by the German band Eisbrecher released on August 22 2008 in Germany and on August 26 2008 in the United States. The Limited Edition comes as a digipack and include 3 bonus tracks (one new song and two remixes).
 #1's is a compilation album released by R&B group Destiny's Child containing songs from their albums The Writing's on the Wall Survivor This Is the Remix and Destiny Fulfilled.
 Black Eyed Man is a 1992 album by Cowboy Junkies.The album continues the band's evolution from a spare country blues style (exemplified by 1988's The Trinity Session) to a more mainstream country rock style. However the album was better received by critics than 1990's The Caution Horses.American songwriter Townes Van Zandt wrote Cowboy Junkies Lament especially for the band. Michael Timmins returned the favor penning Townes' Blues as a tribute to Van Zandt.
 Last Chance to Make Amends is the debut studio album by American post-hardcore band Ice Nine Kills self-released in 2006.
 Reborn is an album by Eric Lévi's New Age project Era released in 2008 (see 2008 in music).Videos were shot for Reborn and Prayers.
 Just Like Kicking Jesus is an EP by The Brian Jonestown Massacre released in 2008.
 Tian Kong (天空) known as Sky in the English-speaking world is the ninth studio album (her second album in Mandarin) recorded by Chinese singer Faye Wong when she was based in Hong Kong. It was released on November 10 1994.
 Quarter Moon in a Ten Cent Town is an album by country music artist Emmylou Harris released in 1978. The album reached number 3 on the Billboard charts with three charting singles: To Daddy (written by Dolly Parton) at #3 Two More Bottles of Wine at #1 (the third #1 of Harris' career) and Easy from Now On (co-written by Carlene Carter and the song from which the album's title comes) at #12.
 Tales of Rohnlief is an album by American composer saxophonist and clarinet player Joe Maneri with bassist Barre Phillips and violinist Mat Maneri recorded in 1998 and released on the ECM label.
 Safety Pin & Leopoard Skin is a CD EP by punk rock band Backyard Babies.
 Da' Take Over is Angel & Khriz's third studio album. The album was released under VI Records label. It was released on March 23 2010.
 Evolver is The Choirboys eighth studio CD. It was released 8 years after their last studio effort Yo-YoAll 10 tracks on the album are written by Gable and Hulme in a writing partnership that has spanned over two decades.
 VVRSSNN released on K Records in 2003 is the only full-length album made by musician Adam Forkner under the band name VVRSSNN (pronounced Version). While it was promoted as Forkner's debut solo outing the album features many collaborations with other artists.Opening track Double Dragons features vocals by Dave Longstreth and synthesizers by Franz Prichard of Yume Bitsu.Bruised Blood feature vocals by Bobby Birdman.
 Window is an early release by the band The Microphones. Tracks 7 to 23 are pieces of vocals and short music clips that were incorporated in the previous Microphones album Don't Wake Me Up as well as other musical works on which The Microphones' main member Phil Elverum was working at the time.
 The Anatomy of Melancholy is a live album by the British death / doom / gothic metal band Paradise Lost. It was recorded on April 12 2007 at the Koko (London). The album was released on double DVD and double CD. There is also a deluxe 4-disc edition containing both aforementioned releases. The artwork was provided by Greek artist Seth Siro Anton.
 Kristyles is rapper KRS-One's sixth album. It was released in April 2003 by Koch Records. It features production by Da Beatminerz DJ Revolution and KRS-One's brother and long-time collaborator DJ Kenny Parker. The song Ya Feel Dat did not appear on some versions of the album.
 The Sound is the third studio album by the San Francisco CA based band New Monsoon. It was produced by Michael Shrieve (former drummer for Carlos Santana) and Paul Kimble.
 A Time Forgotten is the second collaborative album between Destini Beard and Midnight Syndicate. As was with their first collaborative album together (The Dark Masquerade) the album features original lyrics and vocals performed and written by Destini blended with previously recorded songs from the gothic band Midnight Syndicate. The album also features a remix of the song Noctem Aeternus by Patrick Berdysz and an original song written by Destini entitled My Last Goodbye.
 Experience is the debut studio album by English electronic dance music band The Prodigy. It was first released on 28 September 1992 through XL Recordings. It peaked at No. 12 in the UK Albums Chart in October.
 Koss is a 1977 album (a 2-record set) by Paul Kossoff and was released on the DJM Records label.
 American Ride is American country music singer Toby Keith's thirteenth studio album. It was released on October 6 2009 under Keith's personal label Show Dog Nashville. Its lead-off single is the title track which became his 19th No. 1 single on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts in October. The album includes 12 songs 11 of which Keith wrote or co-wrote and one of which is a tribute to Wayman Tisdale.
 !!Destroy-Oh-Boy!! is the debut album by the American garage punk group New Bomb Turks. It was released in 1993 by Crypt Records. The album was recorded in 1992 with the band not thinking anyone would notice it. It was released to very positive reviews.
 The White House is the fifth album by The Dead C released on August 29 1995 through Siltbreeze.
 Blood Alliance is the fifth and final studio album of the power metal band Power Quest with recording between September/October 2010 at Foel Studios Wales with producer Chris Fielding and released worldwide by April 2011.The album followed significant lineup changes in the band of whom the only original member is keyboardist song writer and founder Steve Williams. In May 2010 it was announced that the new vocalist and guitarist were Chitral Chity Somapala and Gavin Owen.
 Live at Wacken Open Air 2006 (undertitled A Night to Remember - A Journey Through Time) is a live DVD released by the German heavy metal band Scorpions. It was supposed to be released on December 18 2007 but was delayed till February 12 2008 for unknown reasons.The set list was decided through a vote on the Scorpions official website as explained by the band:
 Screeching Weasel/Pink Lincolns Split is a split EP featuring US punk bands Screeching Weasel and the Pink Lincolns. The song Going Home previously appeared on the CD version of Screeching Weasel's album Wiggle while Stab Stab Stab later appeared on the bands B-sides compilation Kill the Musicians. Runnin' Down is a cover of a song by the Gargoyles.
 Dog Food EP is an EP released by Mondo Generator on May 25 2010. It features a cover of Iggy Pop's classic Dog Food. The song features Dave Grohl Happy-Tom (Turbonegro) and Marc Diamond (The Dwarves). It also contains 2 acoustic studio songs and 6 live songs from Nick Oliveri's Death Acoustic tour in 2010.
 Symphonies is the second EP by American rock band In Fear and Faith. It consists of symphonic orchestral renditions of some of the group's best known songs with a guest vocalist included on nearly every track. It was released on May 3 2011 through Rise Records.
 Open Your Heart is the third studio album by the Brooklyn punk rock band The Men released March 6 2012 on Sacred Bones Records. The album saw a change in sound for The Men being less aggressive than the band's previous album Leave Home and incorporating influences from classic rock country music and surf-rock. The album received mostly positive reviews.
 La Ouache is the first studio album by the French rock band Matmatah.
 Мастер is the first studio album by Russian thrash metal band Master. This album has sold over one million copies.[citation needed]
 I Awake is the fourth studio album by Australian singer-songwriter Sarah Blasko released in Australia on 26 October 2012.
 Sounding Point is the first album by the jazz guitarist Julian Lage. It was released in March 2009 on EmArcy Records. It entered the Billboard Top Contemporary Jazz Albums chart at number 13 and was nominated for the 2010 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Album. Reviews of the album were generally positive; however. one reviewer found the recording inferior to Lage's live performances.
 They'll Need a Crane is an EP and song by They Might Be Giants. In addition to vinyl and cassette releases the EP was released as a 3-inch CD. They'll Need a Crane was the first song the band performed on network television in 1989 on Late Night with David Letterman.
 Strings to a Web is the 19th studio album by the German heavy metal band Rage released in Europe on February 5 2009 through Nuclear Blast Records. The American and Japanese editions of the album were released in a special two-disc set which included a DVD with live performances and videos.
 This Just Might Be the Truth is the first full length CD released by Swedish hardcore punk band Refused. The CD was first released in 1994 through Startrec and was reissued by Burning Heart Records in 1997.
 The Blind Messenger is the seventh album by Forrest Fang released on September 16 1997 through Cuneiform Records.
 The Queen Album is a solo album by Elaine Paige. It was released in 1988 and peaked at No. 51 in the UK in November 1988. This is the only album from Paige to be released on Siren Records and distributed by Virgin Records. The album was re-issued with different artwork on CD in 1990 on Virgin VIP by Virgin Records. The album is the only album from Elaine Paige that is compiled of songs written and recorded by one composer or group.
 Ceca 2000 is the tenth studio album by Serbian singer Ceca. It was released in 1999.
 Girls Can Tell is the third studio album by the indie rock band Spoon. It was released on February 20 2001.The track Me and the Bean is a cover of a mid-1990s Austin Texas band called The Sidehackers. The songwriter of The Sidehackers John Clayton appears on Kill the Moonlight playing bass guitar.[citation needed]Girls Can Tell up to December 2009 has sold slightly fewer than 100000 copies according to Nielsen Soundscan.
 Hank Williams on Stage is the title of a posthumous live album of Hank Williams released by his record label MGM in 1962 (see 1962 in country music). The performance is officially credited to Hank Williams and his Drifting Cowboys with Hank's first wife Audrey Williams who sings back-up vocals. It was recorded as part of the Health and Happiness Broadcasts at the old Castle Recording Studio at Eighth and Church Streets in Nashville in October 1949.
 Ožiljak (The Scar) is first album (Diskoton 1981) of Miladin Šobić. Author of all lyrics and music is Miladin himself.
 2006 is an album released in 2004 (see 2004 in music) by Manfred Mann with Manfred Mann's Earth Band. Manfred Mann preferred to point out that this is rather his solo album. His explanation for this is given in the sleeve notes where he says that some of the tracks ('Mars' 'Two Friends' 'Two Brides' ' Slave' 'Frog' and 'Get Me Out Of This') were recorded in a more unrehearsed and experimental way than the others.
 Sorry is the second album by Canadian punk rock band White Lung released in May 29 2012 on Deranged Records. New Jersey's Aquarian Weekly reported that the album earned them a hearty critical reception at SXSW.
 Live at XM is an EP by Wheatus released on 15 December 2004 and exclusively available at Apple's iTunes Store. It features five songs from a live performance that was part of an hour-long Wheatus special broadcast by XM Satellite Radio. The song 'Lemonade' on the EP was dedicated to Brendan B. Brown's neighbors.
 You Got It was the second full-length album from Boston Massachusetts hardcore punk/speed metal band Gang Green.It was released in 1987 a year after their previous release Another Wasted Night in 1986. It was their first for a major record label – Roadrunner Records – after leaving independent punk label Taang.Chris Doherty and Brian Betzger were the only surviving members from the previous album.
 Pom Pom: The Essential Cibo Matto is a collection of Cibo Matto material from 1995 to 1999.
 Consolidated! is the debut EP of industrial/hip hop artists Consolidated which was released in 1989.
 Trance & Acid is Kai Tracid's second artist album released on 8th February 2002. The album features Jade 4U on vocals. The album's singles were Tiefenrausch (The Deep Blue) Too Many Times Life Is Too Short and Trance & Acid the title track.
 The Omega Sessions is an EP recorded in the early days of hardcore punk and reggae pioneers Bad Brains in 1980. The tracks were recorded and mixed at the original Omega Recording Studios in Kensington Maryland. It contains five early versions of songs that eventually appeared on later releases including a reading of I Against I which would not be released in its official format for another six years.The demos were remastered in 1997 and released in November of that year by Victory Records.
 Infamy and the Breed is the debut album by Swedish melodic death metal band Zonaria. This album was recorded at Black Lounge studios Avesta Sweden with Per Nilson and Jonas Kjellgren of Scar Symmetry.
 Slavonic Chronicles is an EP released by Ukrainian black metal band Drudkh on September 20 2010 (see 2010 in music) on the French label Season of Mist. It was released in two formats: as a 10 LP and as a mini CD.
 Life In Reverse is the third studio album released by Alabama rock group Lynam. The tracks Tanis Letting Go and By Your Side were re-released on the band's fourth album Slave to the Machine.
 Blue Trombone is an LP by J. J. Johnson. An early example of hard bop the album features pianist Tommy Flanagan bassist Paul Chambers and drummer Max Roach. The album was originally released on Columbia Records in 1957 and was reissued on CD by Tristar in 1994.
 Snockgrass is a 1980 folk album by Michael Hurley. The album was released by Rounder Records.
 Kind Regards is a 3-CD set released by Buckethead Bryan Brain Mantia and Melissa Reese. It was slated for release on October 15 2010 but was released 2 days before the contemplated date. This is also the second volume (out of 3) of the Regards collection.
 A Toot and a Snore in '74 is a bootleg album of the only known recording session in which John Lennon and Paul McCartney played together after the break-up of The Beatles. First mentioned by Lennon in a 1975 interview more details were brought to light in May Pang's 1983 book Loving John and it gained wider prominence when McCartney made reference to the session in a 1997 interview. Discussing with Australian writer Sean Sennett in his Soho office McCartney claimed the session was hazy...
 Death Metal is a split album by the bands Helloween Hellhammer Running Wild and Dark Avenger. It contains the only recorded material of the German band Dark Avenger.The album offers an interesting snapshot of the ebullience and creativity of the Central European metal scene in the mid-1980s. At that time Running Wild had yet to develop their pirate metal schtick and considered themselves a black metal band.
 A French Kiss in the Chaos is the second album by Reverend And The Makers which was released on 27 July 2009. The album's first single was Silence is Talking released on 20 July 2009 and the second album single No Soap (in a Dirty War) was released on 14 September 2009.
 Judge Jerrod & the Hung Jury is the third studio album by American country music singer Jerrod Niemann. It was released July 13 2010 (see 2010 in country music) via Sea Gayle Music and Arista Nashville. It is his first major-label album following two self-released albums and an unreleased compilation for Category 5 Records. The album contains the number-one single Lover Lover and the top five hit What Do You Want.
 Sex Dreams and Denim Jeans is the debut studio album by French-American recording artist Uffie. It was released on June 14 2010 by Ed Banger Records and Because Music. Produced by Feadz J-Mat Mr.
 Classic Disney: 60 Years of Musical Magic is a 5-volume compilation series each containing 25 songs compiled from Disneyland and Walt Disney World various Disney films in animation and live-action and the Walt Disney anthology television series. Each volume was released individually on CD and cassette between 1995 and 1998.
 Svet je moj (trans. The World Is Mine) is the second studio album from Serbian rock band Van Gogh released in 1991. Svet je moj is the first Van Gogh album released after their 1990 reunion.
 Perfect Life (Chinese: 美妙生活) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Yoga Lin's third Mandarin studio album. It was released on 6 May 2011 by HIM International Music.
 In the Midst of Bloodied Soil is the debut album by American technical death metal band With Passion.
 Pink Elephant is the fourth album by the Dallas Texas native N'dambi. Released in 2009 and produced by the legendary Leon Sylvers III it marks her debut release for the rejuvenated Stax label.
 Nothing Left to Lose is the second studio album and major-label debut by Mat Kearney. Several tracks are re-recordings or remixes of songs originally featured on Kearney's first album Bullet.All I Need Crashing Down and Where We Gonna Go From Here were all featured in season 3 episodes of the hit TV series Grey's Anatomy. Breathe In Breathe Out is also being used as the current Grey's Anatomy song with a music video featuring Mat and clips from seasons 3 and 4 of the show.
 A Stroll in the Pork is a 1992 EP released by Raymond Watts (as PIG) Originally released in the United States by Concrete Records and in the United Kingdom by Contempo Records. Re-released in 1998 in Japan by Blue Noise Records.
 Fundamental is the thirteenth album by Bonnie Raitt released in 1998 (see 1998 in music).
 Crystal Days (クリスタルデイズ released on September 5 2007) is J-pop artist Mayumi Iizuka's 11th album.
 Mellow Soul is an album by organist Don Patterson recorded in 1967 and released on the Prestige label.
 Sampooran (Urdu: سمپورن literal English translation: complete/perfect) is the debut album of the Pakistani rock band Mekaal Hasan Band released on January 8 2004. Singles from the album included Raba released in 2003 and Sajan released in 2004.
 Live at Bonnaroo is the third album and second live album by Warren Haynes and was recorded at the Bonnaroo Music Festival on June 15 2003. It is Warren Haynes' third release as a solo artist.
 My Flame Burns Blue is the twenty-second album by Elvis Costello released on Deutsche Grammophon B0005994-72. It is his second official live release after the El Mocambo bonus disc issued with the 2½ Years box set. It consists of recordings from the North Sea Jazz Festival in July 2004 made with Steve Nieve and The Metropole Orkest with Vince Mendoza conducting. It peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard Jazz albums chart and at No. 188 on the Billboard 200.
 This article is about the album. For the music group see DC Talk (band).DC Talk is the first studio album released from vocal trio DC Talk. It is the most hip hop-oriented of all of their albums as each later album gradually progressed into a more rock-centered sound. Michael Tait stated that their original goal for the album was to sell 10000 units. It sold 7142 units in 1989.
 Passionoia is the third and final album by British pop band Black Box Recorder released in 2003.
 Just a Dream – 22 Dreams Live is a 2009 live DVD and CD by Paul Weller.The DVD features a full 90 minute live session recorded for the BBC that was first televised in December 2008.
 Outerlimits is the seventh album of the Japanese female hard rock group Show-Ya. The album was released on 6 September 1989 in Japan. The album was mixed at the famous Cherokee Studios in California and was arranged by Masanori Sasaji and Show-Ya. Lyricist Yoshihiko Andō wrote most of the lyrics for the songs of the album. This is the band's best selling album with more than 600.000 copies sold in Japan.
 Grigora I Ora Perase (The Time Passed Quickly) is an album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki and it was released in 2006. On it Eleftheria performs the songs that the composer wrote based on poetry mainly by Sappho. The album sold 15000 copies in Greece and was certified Gold 4 weeks after its release.
 Wild Blue Yonder is the first and only album by Contemporary Christian band Wild Blue Yonder. It is the first official album of Contemporary Christian singer Crystal Lewis who was fifteen at the time of the album's release. She left the band after two years to pursue a solo career. Chris Brigandi of the previously released two rockabilly-themed band The Lifters was on guitar.
 Fillmore East 1968 is a live double album by Iron Butterfly released on 17 October 2011 by Rhino Entertainment. It was recorded on 26 and 27 April 1968 in Fillmore East in New York. The albums featured songs from their first album Heavy and three songs from second album In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida (released two months after these concerts).
 Language Arts is an album by Canadian alternative hip hop musician Buck 65 released in 1996 on the Four Ways To Rock/Metaphorensics labels (see 1996 in music) and reissued by Warner in 2002.The album is considered the first in the (presently) seven-part Language Arts series also taking in the Vertex Man Overboard Synesthesia Square and Talkin' Honky Blues albums as well as 2006's Strong Arm mixtape made available online.The record saw several pressings with different artwork.
 Bitter Honey is the solo debut album by American singer/songwriter and Clem Snide head Eef Barzelay. Essentially performed only by Barzelay on an acoustic guitar it was released in 2006 on spinART records. Rolling Stone magazine ranked Ballad of Bitter Honey as one of the 100 Best Songs of 2006.
 Shock City Maverick is the second solo album by American rapper Beans. It was released on Warp Records in 2004.
 The Apocalyptour live album contains the songs from the tour of the same name by StarKid Productions. It was recorded at one of three concerts at the House of Blues Los Angeles in May 2012. The album features live performances of songs from the group's previous productions and was released digitally on October 2 2012 through iTunes and Amazon.com. A physical compact disc was released on the same day via the Ann Arbor T-Shirt Company.
 Myself When I Am Real is the fourth studio album by Christian Contemporary-Folk-Pop-Rock musician Bebo Norman. The album is the second with Essential Records and his fifth album overall including his first independent release. This album was released on September 10 2002 and the producers are Ed Cash and Bebo Norman.
 Sunrise Over Sea is the third studio album by Australian band the John Butler Trio. It was released in March 2004.
 Land of the Free II is the ninth full length studio album by Gamma Ray. It was released on November 16 2007 in Germany November 19 in Europe November 21 in Japan and January 15 2008 for North America. To promote Land of the Free II Gamma Ray joined Helloween on the 2007/08 Hellish Rock Tour. The song Into the Storm is available on the band's MySpace page and its music video on YouTube.The first-edition CD released as a Digipak was limited to 30000 copies.
 Inerrant Rays of Infallible Sun (Blackship Shrinebuilder) is a split EP by the bands Om and Current 93. It was released in 2006 on the Neurot record label.The US pressing was limited to 1500 copies on 10 clear green vinyl. A UK/EU pressing was also made and is available in 10 clear clear purple and clear red vinyl.
 Ode to J. Smith is the sixth studio album by Scottish rock band Travis released on 29 September 2008 in the United Kingdom and received generally positive reviews. The album was released in the United States on 4 November 2008. The first single from the album Something Anything was released on 15 September and despite being generally well received by Travis fans gained very little airplay.Ode to J. Smith entered the UK Album Chart at #20 and spent 3 weeks on the chart.
 Nuits Blanches is the second studio album by Clara Morgane released on November 29 2010. Its best ranking regarding sales in France has been 108th so far.
 Cape Fear is the debut album by Canadian indie rock band Germans released 13 February 2007 on the Arena Rock Recording Co. label.
 The Ultimate Collection is a compact disc by Gladys Knight and The Pips released on Motown Records catalogue MOTD 0826 in October 1997. It is a collection of singles comprising many of the group's greatest hits with liner notes written by Ruth Adkins Robinson.
 Condition Red Red Rockers' first full length album was released in 1981 on 415 Records. It was recorded at the famed Automatt studio in San Francisco. The Dead Kennedys' Jello Biafra sings background vocals on Folsom Prison Blues.
 5296 is Kobukuro's 7th album released under Warner Music Japan released on December 19 2007.
 A double-disc recording of the alternative rock band Concrete Blonde performing live in Brazil in 2002.
 Reverse is the fourth album of the progressive metal band Eldritch containing a cover of My Sharona.
 Grooving Kingston 12 is a 3 disc box set of Bob Marley And The Wailers material from the 1967-1972 period released by Universal Records in 2004. An update of the Complete Wailers series along with Fy-Ah Fy-Ah and Man To Man it contains remastered versions of almost everything released during that period.
 The Ichneumon Method (And Less Welcome Techniques) is the debut album by British cinematic industrial black metal band The Axis of Perdition. It was released in 2003 on Rage of Achilles catalogue number ILIAD035.The name of the title is a reference to the ichneumon wasp which lays the eggs of its young in other insects. When the eggs hatch the baby wasps eat their way through the body of their host.
 Portrait is the second album by the American pop group The Walker Brothers. Released in 1966 the album was their most successful and reached number three on the UK Albums Chart. The group's musical accompaniment was directed by Ivor Raymonde and Reg Guest and produced by John Franz. Receiving good to mixed reviews the album was first released in both Mono and Stereo LP formats in August 1966. The album was later released on CD having been remastered and expanded in 1998.
 Themes is an album by Psychic TV originally included with the initial 5000 pressings of Force The Hand Of Chance.
 Du betyr meg is an album by Norwegian rapper Lars Vaular. It was released on 31 October 2011. The first single from the album Som i en siste dans was released on 23 October 2011.
 Landfall is an album by Martin Carthy released in 1971.Carthy made this album in the year he left Steeleye Span. The song Cold Haily Windy Night is a re-recording of the same song on Steeleye's album Please to See the King. In contrast to the richly resonating sound on that album here everything is stripped down without any reverb. Later he would record it again with The Imagined Village returning to a complex rhythm once more. Steeleye Span made some attempt to convey regional accent.
 Darling is the sixth album by Yui Horie. It is released on January 30 2008.
 6 Days to Nowhere is Italian power metal band Labyrinth's sixth album released February 26 2007 on Scarlet Records.
 Moon Beams is a 1962 album by jazz musician Bill Evans and the first trio album recorded by Evans after the death of Scott LaFaro. With Chuck Israels on bass taking the place of LaFaro Evans recorded several songs during these May and June 1962 sessions. Moon Beams contains a collection of ballads recorded during this period. The more uptempo tunes were put on How My Heart Sings!. In 2012 it was released a new remastered edition which includes three previously unreleased alternate takes.
 Dievča do dažďa (English: Girl for the Rain) is the debut album by Slovakian singer-songwriter Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1979.
 The Original Sound of Sheffield '83/'87 is a Some Bizzare Label greatest hits compilation.
 Elmatic is an independent album by Detroit rapper and former Slum Village member eLZhi. The album is a tribute and a remake of Nas' 1994 classic debut Illmatic. Elmatic was initially released as free download on May 10 2011and was later officially released via iTunes on December 20 2011 with two extra tracks included.
 Conumber E:P is the first release by Tom Jenkinson under the alias Squarepusher. The album was pressed as a 12 vinyl the first release on the Spymania label.Conumber Eviscerate and Male Pill 5 were later released on the Squarepusher compilation Burningn'n Tree. Eviscerate (Version) also appears on the album in a truncated form.
 Me Not Me is the second solo studio album by keyboardist Marco Benevento of Brooklyn New York released in 2009. It consists mostly of covers -- hence the title -- along with three original tracks.
 Dreams Never Die is the fourth regular studio album by Tiffany released on November 21 1993 (see 1993 in music). It represented an attempt to return to pop success three years after her last album and five years after her last commercially successful one. It was released in various countries of Asia but not in the United States; she had retained a greater degree of popularity in Asia than in the United States.
 Introduction To Mayhem is the major label debut album of American nu metal band Primer 55. Released on January 25 2000 it is a reissue of the band's 1999 EP As Seen on TV. Much of the tracks were remixed to sound drastically different from the original EP versions including the addition of overdubbed turntablism by Chris Kilmore and new hip hop instrumentation.
 Just Like a Woman is a 1981 studio album from Swedish country and pop singer Kikki Danielsson. The last track God morgon was performed by the pop group Sweets n' Chips as their Swedish Melodifestivalen 1981 entry a group where Kikki Danielsson was a member.At the Swedish album chart the album peaked at #20.
 A Liturgy a Legacy & a Ragamuffin Band is the seventh album by American singer-songwriter Rich Mullins released in 1993. The album was very well received and received the third place in the book CCM Presents: The 100 Greatest Albums in Christian Music (2001).
 Hellucifernation is the sixth studio album from Welsh psychobilly band Demented are Go (often abbreviated DAG) released in 1999.
 Sueño Electro II (Electro Dream ll) is the fifth studio album from the Mexican synthpop band Belanova and is the second half of the Sueño Electro project. The album was recorded simultaneously with the fourth album Sueño Electro I and features a similar musical style and continued experimentation this time with Ranchera and country-inspired music.
 Suddenly is the fourth album by the North Carolina band Arrogance released in 1980 (see 1980 in music).
 Godina sirotinjske zabave (trans. A Year of Poverty Amusement) is the second album by the Serbian alternative rock band Block Out released by Metropolis Records in 1996. The album was rereleased by Multimedia records in 2004.
 Rave Digger is the second studio album of drum & bass DJ producer and musician Danny Byrd. It was released through Hospital Records on 10 October 2010 digitally and on 11 October 2010 physically.
 Say No More is the title of American guitarist Les Dudek's second album released in 1977.
 Ramones Mania 2 is a compilation album by the Ramones that serves as a sequel to the band's first compilation album Ramones Mania. It includes 25 Ramones songs from the albums Mondo Bizarro Acid Eaters ¡Adios Amigos! and Greatest Hits Live. It was released in 1999 as a Japanese-only release on EMI Japan.
 Cat #1 is the fourth album released by former Kiss drummer Peter Criss and first under the band name Criss. Criss re-recorded the Kiss song Beth for the album. Unlike the orchestrated original version the new recording was an acoustic version. The album also features former-Kiss bandmate Ace Frehley playing guitar on three tracks.In 1993 Criss released a special limited edition preview EP of his forthcoming album.
 The Fat of the Land is the third studio album by British Electronic group The Prodigy. The album was released by XL Recordings on 30 June 1997 and on 1 July 1997 in the United States by Maverick Records. The album title comes from the old English phrase 'living off the fat of the land' which means living well or being wealthy. The album has sold over 10 million copies worldwide as of 2012.
 Sodom is the eleventh album by German thrash metal band Sodom released on April 21 2006. The first pressing was in a slipcase and includes a full-colour poster of the artwork. The album is self-titled Tom Angelripper explains because every band needs a self-titled album.
 Loaded Deck is a greatest hits compilation of Ace Frehley's solo career released in 1997 after the widespread Kiss reunion tour. It includes some of Frehley's greatest hits such as New York Groove Rock Soldiers and a cover of The Move's Do Ya.
 Greatest Hits (not to be confused with the 2002 compilation of the same name) is a CD/DVD compilation album by the band Blondie released in the UK on November 8 2005 and internationally on March 6 2006. It peaked at number 48 on the UK Albums Chart and charted for 7 weeks. This was the first Blondie hits package to combine the CD and DVD formats.
 Unapologetic Art Rap is the first solo album from American rapper Open Mike Eagle. It was released on Mush Records in 2010.
 The Family Values Tour 2006 CD is a live album released on December 26 2006 by Firm Music to commemorate the fourth iteration of the Family Values Tour initially started in 1998 by Korn.The CD features live tracks from headliners Korn and Deftones as well as selected cuts from some of other bands on the bill: Stone Sour Flyleaf Dir en grey 10 Years and Deadsy.
 Fight Like a Girl is the debut album of American country music duo Bomshel. It was released on October 20 2009 via Curb Records. Its lead-off single the title track peaked at number 30 in June 2009 thus becoming the duo's first Top 30 country hit. 19 and Crazy and Just Fine were released as the album's second and third singles respectively; the former was another Top 40 hit with a peak of number 33 while the latter peaked at number 53.
 The Pebble and the Penguin: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the Don Bluth animated feature The Pebble and the Penguin. Music by Barry Manilow. Lyrics by Bruce Sussman. Songs Arranged and Produced by Barry Manilow. Soundtrack Produced by Barry Manilow and Marc Hulett. Songs performed by Martin Short Annie Golden and others. Songs and Score performed by The Irish Film Orchestra and the Irish Chamber Choir. This soundtrack is currently out of print.
 The Happening is the soundtrack for the 1967 comedy film The Happening released by Columbia Pictures. The soundtrack and film score were primarily produced by Frank De Vol. The promotional single for the film The Happening was co-produced by De Vol in conjunction with Motown production team Holland–Dozier–Holland; released concurrently with the film the single reached #1 on the Billboard Pop Singles Chart in May of that year becoming The Supremes' tenth American chart-topper.
 The Past Is Alive (The Early Mischief) is a compilation album by Dissection. It contains tracks from early EPs and promos. It also includes two tracks by Satanized the former band of Jon Nödtveidt. Some versions also include two tracks taken from the Where Dead Angels Lie EP. It has been released several times by different labels including Necropolis Records who released it originally and Karmageddon Records. It also has been released with different cover artwork.
 Teen Punks In Heat is the tenth studio album by the American punk rock band Screeching Weasel. It was released in August 2000 through Panic Button Records. Though receiving mixed reviews from national critics it was championed upon its release by many critics in the band's Chicago hometown.[citation needed]Shortly after the release of the album the band played two sold out shows at Chicago's House of Blues their first live performances in seven years.
 Lady is a Pirate is the début album by American independent singer Megan Slankard released on July 18 2001. Most of the tracks were recorded and produced by Megan while at her parents' house in Tracy California with her brother Tom. Additional recording was done with the help of Rich Talley (who provides the bass track for many of the album tracks.) Additional album production work was done with the help of Megan's brother [1].
 Murdering Hell's Happy Cretins is the fifteenth album by Zoogz Rift released in 1988 through SST Records.
 Foxhunt is the debut ep by Australian music collective Dukes of Windsor released on 15 August 2005.
 Life Cycle is an album featuring solo cello performances by Dave Holland recorded in 1982 and released on the ECM label.
 Eternal Black Dawn is the sixth studio album of the American heavy metal band Omen. It was originally released in 2003 by Crash Music Inc. Since 1997 and their last studio album Reopening the Gates Omen had changed vocalist with Kevin Goocher replacing Greg Powell.
 Halutuimmat is a compilation album by a Finnish singer-songwriter Aki Sirkesalo. Released by Sony Music Entertainment on 26 September 2002 the album peaked at number nine on the Finnish Albums Chart.
 Icon is the fourth studio album recorded by British doom metal/gothic band Paradise Lost in 1993. This marked the end of their early death/doom sound. It was also the last album to feature Matthew Archer on drums.
 Double Trouble is the twenty-ninth album by Elvis Presley released by RCA Victor in mono and stereo LPM/LSP 3787 in June 1967. Recording sessions took place at Radio Recorders and at MGM Studios in Hollywood California on June 28 29 and 30 1966. It peaked at number 47 on the Billboard 200.
 Doom of Destiny released in 2007 is the eleventh full-length album by the German power metal band Axxis.
 City Life is the third studio album by the American rhythm and blues and jazz-funk fusion group The Blackbyrds. It was produced by Donald Byrd and includes the R&B hits Happy Music and Rock Creek Park.
 Standing Together is the second album by Midnight Star released in 1981 on the SOLAR Records label.
 It Came from Canada Vol. 1 was the first album in the It Came from Canada series of compilation albums released in 1985 on Og Music.
 Doc at the Radar Station is the eleventh studio album by Captain Beefheart and the Magic Band released in August 1980 to favorable reviews. Although about half of the album's songs are based on old musical ideas Mike Barnes states that most of the revamping work built on skeletal ideas and fragments that would have mouldered away in the vaults had they not been exhumed and transformed into full-blown totally convincing new material.
 Megamind: Music from the Motion Picture is a soundtrack to the 2010 film of the same name released by Lakeshore Records and composed by Hans Zimmer and Lorne Balfe. It is released on November 2 2010 in the United States and Canada.
 Water II: At Safe Distance is the tenth album by Zoogz Rift released in June 1987 through SST Records.
 Nine on a Ten Scale is Sammy Hagar's first solo album.
 Zé Ramalho Canta Bob Dylan – Tá Tudo Mudando is the second tribute album by Brazilian singer-songwriter Zé Ramalho released in 2008. This time he pays an homage to Bob Dylan whose Knockin' on Heaven's Door had already been covered by him. Most of the songs' lyrics were almost literally rewritten to Portuguese. The album cover is a reference to Dylan's known promotional film clip for the 1965 song Subterranean Homesick Blues.
 Call Me is the seventh studio album by the American recording artist Sylvester.
 For other uses see Political science.Poly Sci is the debut album by rapper John Forté released in 1998.
 Inkpot is the fifth album by Shocking Blue released in 1972.The similarly titled song in the album is perhaps best known to people in Hong Kong as the longtime theme music of televised Mark Six lottery drawings.
 Open Road is the eighth studio album and ninth overall from British singer-songwriter Donovan. It is also considered the debut album from the band Open Road Template:By whom?. Open Road was released in the US sometime before 25 July 1970 (Epic Records E 30125 (stereo)) and the UK sometime before 12 September 1970 (Dawn Records DNLS 3009).
 Talk About The Weather is the debut album of British rock band Red Lorry Yellow Lorry. It was released in 1985 in the UK on the Red Rhino independent label. The LP included only eight songs although several subsequent cassette and CD releases have featured various bonus tracks.
 Inside Out is the eighth studio album by country music singer Trisha Yearwood. It was her second studio album of the new millennium.The album reached #1 on the Billboard country albums chart. The album also contained the bonus track You're Where I Belong on UK Asian and Australian releases. In the U.S. I Would've Loved You Anyway and the Don Henley duet title track were both released as singles; they peaked at #4 and #31 respectively on the Billboard country charts.
 Rimfrostjul is a Christmas music album by the Swedish singer Charlotte Perrelli released on 10 November 2008. The album includes the Malmö Symphony Orchestra and the Lund Student Singers.
 Ceol 'O8 is a 17-track double album of songs in Irish to celebrate Seachtain na Gaeilge. It sees the combination of established acts such as the Delorentos Mundy and the Coronas alongside newer talents such as Luan Parle and Gemma Hayes.Many of the songs are written in Irish; others are translated from English.All acts gave their time free of charge and profits go to Concern [1] to assist in their invaluable work in Mozambique.
 Orchestral Favorites is an album by Frank Zappa first released in May 1979 on his own DiscReet Records label. The album is instrumental and features music performed by the 37-piece Abnuceals Emuukha Electric Symphony Orchestra.The album's creation was spurred by Warner Bros.' rejection of Zappa's Läther album.
 Azadi (Urdu:آزادی literal English translation: freedom) is the fourth studio album and the fifth overall album of the Pakistani sufi rock band Junoon. The album was released in 1997 and establishes the Sufi rock sound that the band pioneered on their previous album Inquilaab. The album was a major hit worldwide and catapulted Junoon into mainstream stardom.Music videos were released for the two singles from the album Sayonee and Yaar Bina.
 Abar Pothe Dekha (2007) is a Bengali song album of Anjan Dutt Bappa Majumder and Tutul. Anjan Dutt had three songs in this album. The lyrics of this album was written by Zulfiqer Russell. This album was produced by Soundtech music.
 Hopes Prayers Dreams Heart Soul Mind Love Life Death by Human Drama was released by RCA Records in 1988.
 Wild Wild West is the second album by rock band The Escape Club released in 1988. It includes their most well-known song Wild Wild West.
 In The Meantime In Between Time is a 1991 album released by pop group The Party. The album features covers and remixes and was intended tokeep fans occupied until The Party finished their next album but the EP took on a life of its own. The cover of the Dokken song In My Dreams ended up being the band's biggest hit on the charts peaking at #34 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #35 on the Billboard Hot Dance chart.
 Atlantic City EP is a record by Mike Herrera's Tumbledown released on 7 vinyl and download format in 2008. Tracks 2-4 had been previously released as the 3 Songs EP. The artwork was created by tattoo artist Oliver Peck which was also showcased on side A of the Atlantic City/Gambling on A Love 7 vinyl.
 A Wonderful World is an album by Tony Bennett and k.d. lang released in 2002.It later won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album. In the United States the album achieved gold record status and it reached top 40 in the UK.
 Something's Gotta Give is the fifth full-length studio album by New York hardcore band Agnostic Front. It was released in June 1998 on Epitaph Records and follows 1995's Raw Unleashed compilation album. It is actually the first studio album since 1992's One Voice. The album was co-produced by Billy Milano the frontman of crossover thrash bands S.O.D. and M.O.D.. It marks a return to a more hardcore punk style of sound than the thrash metal inspired music of One Voice.
 Basame el cueo (Kiss My Ass) is an album by Catarrhal Noise.The album was remastered and re-released in 2006 as Basame el cueo Duplison Platinum Edition 2006. The only visible difference between the original and the remastered versions lies in the black and white sticker applied on the cover stating Duplison Platinum Edition 2006.
 The Christmas Attic is the second album by the Trans-Siberian Orchestra a rock opera and the second installment of their Christmas Trilogy. Cover art created by Edgar Jerins.The story is about a young child exploring the an attic in an old house on Christmas Eve.
 Celestial is the final full-length studio album by Circle X and was released in 1994.After experimenting and releasing EPs for more than a decade Celestial marked the band's first major release since Prehistory in 1983.
 Over The Top is an album by British rock drummer Cozy Powell. It was Powell's first solo album and it featured many well-known musicians playing alongside him.
 Gypsyhook is the first solo release by Sonny Moore who would later use the alias Skrillex for future releases. It was recorded summer 2008 and was released on April 7 2009. On December 12 2008 Moore posted the track listing on his Myspace. The EP features three songs two of which he has posted demos for and four remixes. 海水 (Ocean Water) is a Japanese version of Mora.
 Hank Williams Jr.'s Greatest Hits is a compilation album by American country music artist Hank Williams Jr.. The album features ten tracks nine of which are singles originally released from the studio albums Family Tradition Whiskey Bent and Hell Bound Habits Old and New Rowdy and The Pressure Is On. The only original single from the album was The American Dream which peaked at number 5 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
 Boomtown is the Los Angeles themed and only studio album by the American rock duo David + David released on July 7 1986 through A&M Records.
 Sympathetic Resonance is a collaborative studio album by singer John Arch and guitarist Jim Matheos (credited as Arch/Matheos) released on September 9 2011 through Metal Blade Records. Matheos founded the progressive metal band Fates Warning in 1983 whilst Arch left the band in 1987 after having served as lead vocalist on their first three albums. Both musicians had previously reunited on Arch's 2003 EP A Twist of Fate.
 Connie Smith Sings Bill Anderson is the eighth studio album by American country artist Connie Smith. The album was released in June 1967 on RCA Victor Records and was produced by Bob Ferguson. The album included Smith's 1967 single Cincinnati Ohio which became a Top 5 hit on Billboard Magazine's country chart.
 Jars of Clay presents The Shelter is the tenth studio album by rock band Jars of Clay released October 5 2010 through Gray Matters Records.
 The Definitive Collection is a compilation album by American country singer Ernest Tubb released in 2006 (see 2006 in music). The album includes duets with Red Foley and Loretta Lynn.
 The Plan A is the second EP by Sydney indie rock band Red Riders. It was released on September 26 2005 on Ivy League Records
 You Might Be a Redneck If… is an album by American comedian Jeff Foxworthy. It was released by Warner Bros. Records on June 15 1993. The album peaked at number 38 on the Billboard 200 chart and has been certified 3× Platinum by the RIAA.
 B-Sides is a EP/compilation album of Damien Rice's b-sides from singles released from his album O. The EP includes different takes of album tracks such as live versions acoustic versions instrumental versions and a demo recording of hit single Volcano recorded onto Rice's cassette Walkman from 1997.
 20 bästa låtar (Swedish for 20 best songs) is a 1997 album from Swedish pop and country group Chips. 20 bästa låtar was released 14 years after Chips was disestablished in 1983.
 5 Deadly Venoms of Brooklyn is a mixtape created by five New York City DJs P.F. Cuttin' Mister Cee Tony Touch DJ Premier and Evil Dee. The mixtape was recorded in 1997 and released by Tape Kingz only on cassette tape. The name of the album is a reference to known kung-fu movie Five Deadly Venoms.On the album there were mixed artists such as: Dr. Dre B-Real Busta Rhymes KRS-One Kool G Rap Mobb Deep Notorious B.I.G. Sunz Of Man Jeru The Damaja and many more.
 Songs from the Labyrinth is a 2006 album of recordings of the music of John Dowland by Sting and Bosnian lutenist Edin Karamazov. It entered the UK Official Albums Chart at #24 and reached #25 on the Billboard 200 strong charting peaks for a classical record on the pop album charts.
 Under Influence was the only album of new wave band Zones released by Arista Records in mid-1979. The album contained multi-genred songs being very far from the early punkier stuff like in the case of 7 single Stuck with You.
 I Will Say Goodbye is an album by American jazz pianist Bill Evans recorded in 1977 but not released until 1980.
 The Diorama Box is a limited-edition CD singles box set consisting of the first three singles from Silverchair's 2002 album Diorama as well as an exclusive single After All These Years. The Diorama Box does not include the album's fifth single Across the Night which was released at a later date[citation needed].
 In Step is the fourth studio album by Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble released in 1989. The title In Step can be seen as referring to Vaughan's new-found sobriety following the years of drug and alcohol use that eventually led Vaughan into rehabilitation. It was also Vaughan's final album with Double Trouble. In 1990 he recorded a collaboration album with his brother Jimmie Vaughan called Family Style; later that year Stevie Ray Vaughan died in a helicopter crash.
 Tin Type is the six-song debut EP from Toronto's alternative country group Elliott Brood. It was released in January 2004 on the independent music label Weewerk.The album came packaged in a small brown paper bag which in place of liner notes contained a handmade photo-book done in a style reminiscent of the American Old West. The music was pressed on a non standard 80-mm disc which the band jokes is known for ruining car stereos.
 Dagger & Guitar is the 1983 third album by the Danish rock band Sort Sol (previously Sods) and the first of their records to carry the new name Sort Sol.The album was when it was released often seen as the first commercial album for the band as it contained more listenable and catchier songs than the two previous albums. It was produced by the American producer Chris Butler. As with the previous records this was too reissued in 1997 though with a new cover.
 The Best of Pete Townshend – coolwalkingsmoothtalkingstraightsmokingfirestoking is a compilation album by Pete Townshend released in 1996. It was released in the UK on the Virgin label and the US on Atlantic. Musicians who played on the album include: Townshend (vocals guitar synthesizer) Raphael Rudd (brass) John Rabbit Bundrick (synthesizer) Kenney Jones and Simon Phillips (drums) Pino Palladino (bass) and David Gilmour.
 EP 2 (stylized as EP ††) is the second EP by the American musical group Crosses. The EP was self-released on January 24 2012.
 The Trumpet Artistry of Chet Baker is an album by jazz trumpeter Chet Baker recorded in 1953 and 1954 and released on the Pacific Jazz label. The album compiles tracks previously released on the 1954 10 inch LP Chet Baker Sextet along with previously unissued recordings.
 Fabric 15 is a double CD DJ mix compilation album by Craig Richards as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 Twist of Shadows is Xymox's third full-length album released in 1989 on Wing Records (PolyGram) and produced by Peter Walsh (acclaimed producer of Simple Minds's New Gold Dream album).The album captured Billboard's 'Hot Shot Debut honor and charted in the United States at #165 on the Billboard 200. Twist of Shadows launched several charting singles in the United States. In March 1989 Obsession shot up to #16 on Billboard's Alternative Songs chart.
 Since the Accident is a 1983 studio album by Australian experimental rock group Severed Heads.
 Starcrossed is an album by Maggie Reilly. Released in 2000 it is one of her solo albums without Mike Oldfield.
 Welcome to Blue Island was the final recording of new studio material by Enuff Z'nuff before lead singer Donnie Vie left the group in 2002. As a result Vie did not tour to support the album. However the band continued playing shows at this time with lead guitarist Monaco taking over vocal duties. As was common for the band Welcome To Blue Island was released first in Japan where it charted at #90.The U.S.
 Ready to Die is the debut album of American rapper The Notorious B.I.G. released September 13 1994 on Bad Boy Records. The label's first release it features production by Bad Boy founder Sean Puffy Combs Easy Mo Bee Chucky Thompson DJ Premier and Lord Finesse among others. Recording for the album took place during 1993 to 1994 at The Hit Factory and D&D Studios in New York City. The partly autobiographical album tells the story of B.I.G.'s experiences as a young criminal.
 In Your Dreams is the seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter and Fleetwood Mac vocalist Stevie Nicks released on May 3 2011 by Reprise Records.
 Betty Rubble: The Initiation is the second extended play (EP) by American recording artist Mykki Blanco released on May 21 2013.
 Suicide Pact — You First was the fifth full length album by the band Therapy? and the first to be released by their third record company Ark21 following the demise of the band's previous label.
 Greed Killing is an EP by the British band Napalm Death.It was released in 1995 on Earache Records containing two songs from the Diatribes album and four exclusive songs from the Diatribes recording sessions.
 Banned in Boston is an album by The Jabbers which collects all of their songs with frontman GG Allin recorded 1978–1984. This is the first time the band got credit for the songs they played—usually only Allin got the credit.
 Into the Pit is the 2007 studio album by the Christian metal band Ultimatum. It was released on October 8 2007 and in the future will also be released on as a color 12 inch vinyl record. The cover art was created by the artist Rexorcist. Into the Pit was also the first album by the band to feature drummer Alan Tuma. The album features a cover of the Iron Maiden song Wrathchild.
 Knights of the New Thunder is the second studio album by the Norwegian heavy metal band TNT. It was the first TNT album recorded with their new vocalist Tony Harnell who had replaced their original singer Dag Ingebrigtsen.Most of the songs on the album had been written and recorded as demos while Ingebrigtsen was still in the band but most of the lyrics were rewritten by Harnell.
 Come Get It: The Very Best of Aaron Carter is American teen pop singer Aaron Carter's second compilation album. This is Aaron's last overall album under the company of Jive Records.
 Cool for Cats is the British New Wave group Squeeze's second album released in 1979. Cool for Cats contained more charting hit singles (four) than any other album the band has released.The band would feature themselves on the album covers on future releases until their breakup in 1983.In 1997 the CD was released in the UK with two bonus tracks as part of the Six of One... box set. The set included the band's first six studio albums each digitally remastered.
 Something is a 1970 album by Shirley Bassey. With her career having been in decline since the latter part of the mid 1960s Something proved to be Shirley Bassey's comeback when it was released in August 1970. The title track single became her biggest UK hit for many years reaching No.4 and spending 22 weeks on the chart. This was actually the second single featured on the album The Sea and Sand having already been released earlier.
 Carmen Sings Monk is a 1988 studio album by the American jazz singer Carmen McRae focusing on the songs composed by Thelonious Monk.
 Going Back To The Blue Ridge Mountains is a live album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen. It includes songs performed live by the almost classic lineup of the group (without Tom Gray with Ed Ferris on bass). The recordings come from live performances during early and mid 60's.
 Mundo Civilizado is the second solo album by musician Arto Lindsay.
 Unguarded is the ninth album by Christian music singer Amy Grant released in 1985 on A&M Records. It is Grant's first album released by A&M.When Unguarded was released in 1985 Amy Grant was probably the most popular star in contemporary Christian music recording songs with religious lyrics in the pop/rock style of the day. With this album however the religious content of the lyrics was scaled back as compared with her two previous regular studio albums Age to Age and Straight Ahead.
 Roberto Carlos is an album by Brazilian singer and composer Roberto Carlos released in 1973.
 'Bout Love is the seventh studio album by American R&B singer Bill Withers released in 1978 on the Columbia label.
 Joel Turner and the Modern Day Poets is a collaborative studio album from Joel Turner and the Modern Day Poets. It was released on 1 November 2004 peaking at #28 on the ARIA albums chart and #2 on the AIR independent charts additionally achieving platinum status.The album consists of twelve full songs and eight beatboxing skits. It is best described as hip-hop fused with a mixture of rock pop R&B funk soul and jazz.
 For the TV series see Packet of Three (TV series).Packet of Three was the first release from the New Wave rock band Squeeze. It contained three songs produced by John Cale of The Velvet Underground who also produced their self-titled debut LP the following year. Packet of Three was released in both 7 and 12 vinyl formats. The EP's title comes from the UK term for a standard package of condoms.
 Tango in the Night is the 14th studio album by the British-American band Fleetwood Mac. Released in April 1987 it is the fifth (and to date final) studio album from the band's most successful line-up of Lindsey Buckingham Stevie Nicks Christine McVie John McVie and Mick Fleetwood.Produced by Buckingham with Richard Dashut Tango in the Night began life as one of Buckingham's solo projects but by 1985 the production had morphed into Fleetwood Mac's next album.
 The Frozen Borderline – 1968–1970 is a two-disc compilation set of music by Nico comprising The Marble Index (recorded in 1968 released in 1969) and Desertshore (recorded and released in 1970).
 Kingfish is the self-titled first album by the rock band Kingfish. It was recorded and released in 1976. It is not to be confused with the band's fourth album which is also called Kingfish.When they recorded their debut album the lineup of Kingfish included Grateful Dead rhythm guitarist Bob Weir. Weir was a member of the band from 1974 to 1976 and left the group shortly after the album's release.
 An Audio Guide to Everyday Atrocity is the second album by the Washington D.C.-based alternative metal music group Nothingface. The album was released on September 22 1998 via DCide/Mayhem Records.
 El Abayarde Contra-Ataca is the fourth album of Tego Calderón's discography. It was released on August 28 2007. The tracks in the album are a fusion of African and West Indian rhythms salsa merengue Colombian and Venezuelan sounds. Tego's first single is Tradicional A Lo Bravo produced by Almonte and is proposed from his MySpace page. This album received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Urban Album.
 Georgia Satellites is the first album released by The Georgia Satellites. It contains their biggest hit Keep Your Hands to Yourself (which reached #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 behind Bon Jovi's Livin' on a Prayer) and another minor hit Battleship Chains written by Terry Anderson. It also contains a cover of Every Picture Tells a Story written by Rod Stewart and Ron Wood.
 Sex for Safety is The Inevitable Backlash's first studio album. It was released on March 27 2007.
 Green Man is the debut album from Take That band member Mark Owen. The album was released on 2 December 1996 weeks after the official split of his former boyband Take That. Three singles were released from the album: Child Clementine and I Am What I Am. The album peaked at #33 on the UK Albums Chart the highest position received by one of his solo albums. The album was re-released in 2003 with the revised title of Green Man: Revisited.
 Sunday Street is an album by American folk and blues singer Dave Van Ronk released in 1976.
 Kim Kyung Ho is the self-titled debut album from rock singer Kim Kyung Ho released on Music Design Records in 1995. The album did poorly on initial release due to the lack of interest in rock music during the 1990s in South Korea
 Give It Away is the sixth studio album by Canadian country music artist Paul Brandt. It was released on September 13 2011 on Brandt's record label Brand-T Records. The album includes reworked versions of two of Brandt's earlier singles My Heart Has a History and I Do as well as a cover of Red Simpson's The Highway Patrol.On December 8 2011 it was announced that Give It Away was named the iTunes Rewind Canadian Country Album of the Year.
 Tuesdays Thursdays and if it Rains is the first solo album for Brian Byrne formerly of I Mother Earth.The album has hit number 1 on the charts in Belgrade and Israel.
 Hearts Are Magnets is the first EP of singer/songwriter Jason Reeves and his first published work with producer Mikal Blue. It was self-released in the US on February 14 2006.
 Serious Hits... Live! is the name of Phil Collins' 1990 live album with a CD as well as the DVD video recording of that concert. The songs on the CD version are taken from various concerts during the Serious Hits! tour though it sounds as if the CD was recorded over one entire concert. It was recorded during the Seriously Live! World Tour. At the Brit Awards in 1992 the album brought Collins a nomination for British Male Artist.
 L. Ron is the fifth and final studio album by the American noise rock band Barkmarket released on June 11 1996 on American Recordings.
 Alive As You Are is the third album by Darker My Love. It was released on 26 July 2010 in the UK and 17 August 2010 in North America on Dangerbird Records.
 Funk Upon a Rhyme is a G-funk-based album from 1994 by rapper Kokane. The rapper however previously released an album under the name Who Am I? making Funk Upon a Rhyme his second full-length and his first recording as Kokane. The album is now out of production and very rare.
 Super Star is the fourth studio album by Taiwanese girl group S.H.E. It was released on 22 August 2003. Ella suffered a back injury during the shooting of a television show one month before the album was released. Because of this Ella is absent from some of the music videos. As of 2006 the single Super Star from this album has been S.H.E's biggest hit. German producer Roberto Geo Rosan and vocalist Jade Villalon as Sweetbox composed Super Star for S.H.E.
 The Conversation is the eighth album from Scottish rock band Texas. It was released on 20 May 2013. Tracks are written mainly by Sharleen Spiteri and Johnny McElhone with Richard Hawley and Bernard Butler as collaborators.
 Revenge is the fifth and most recent studio album by New York hardcore band Cro-Mags. It was released in 2000 on their own label Cro-Mag Recordings. This was the band's first studio album in seven years and marked their only release with guitarist Rocky George (formerly of Suicidal Tendencies) and their first release without vocalist John Joseph since 1989's Best Wishes although he rejoined the band some years later.
 Classic Rock is the first album in the Classic Rock series by London Symphony Orchestra. It was released in 1977 on K-Tel International. The album was recorded at EMI Abbey Road Studios on 15–16 October 1976.
 Salvador is a compilation album by Chilean producer Ricardo Villalobos released in 2006. It collects several of his earlier singles with a bonus remix of a Señor Coconut song.
 Day Alone is the fifth studio album by Japanese J-pop band Day After Tomorrow.
 Love Moves is the seventh studio album by Kim Wilde released in May 1990.The album contained six tracks written by Ricki and Kim Wilde and four tracks written by Kim Wilde and Tony Swain. It was produced by Ricki Wilde.
 Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the licensed soundtrack score from the 1991 Orion Pictures film Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey by composer David Newman. It was released by Intrada Records on September 4 2007.
 Thug Lord: The New Testament is the second studio album by rapper Yukmouth released on March 27 2001. Unlike his last album the album barely made the top 75 on the Billboard 200 peaking at #71.
 Boo-Boo is the debut EP from Boston band Big Dipper. The EP was remastered and released as part of Merge Record's Supercluster: The Big Dipper Anthology set in 2008.
 Convertible Music is the 1982 new wave debut album by pop rock artist Josie Cotton released on Elektra Records. Convertible Music contained Cotton's two most well-known songs the minor hits Johnny Are You Queer? and He Could Be The One both of which were later performed by Cotton herself in the 1983 movie Valley Girl as well as appearing on the film's hit soundtrack (#155 Billboard 200).
 Ravendusk in My Heart is the debut album by Diabolical Masquerade. It was released in 1996.
 Escape From The Sun is the debut album by the indie-rock band Operahouse. It was released in April 2009 through Marrakesh Records available to buy in certain stores around the UK. The album was received very well and was given a lot of praise through reviews. The band split soon after the album's release.
 Entertainment Industries is the second album album by Psy'Aviah and their first release on Alfa Matrix. The song Moments [feat. Suzi Q. Smith] was selected as one of the 20 best submissions in the BBC Next Big Thing 2007 contest. The videoclip for the same track got banned in 2009 by YouTube which spawned a reaction of disbelief and disapproval towards YouTube in both the press and on online communities.
 Symphony For The Devil is Witchery's third full-length studio album after Restless & Dead in 1998 and Dead Hot And Ready in 1999. Symphony... was released in 2001 (see 2001 in music) and has received underground acclaim from metal fanzines and webzines. The album continues in the style of previous Witchery releases with thrash metal riffing and solos but with a black and death metal influence. This album sees Martin Axe of Opeth on drums after the departure of Mique.
 December Makes Me Feel This Way is the fourth studio album by saxophone player Dave Koz. Koz's first holiday album was released by Capitol Records on September 23 1997. Koz himself provides vocal on album title track December Makes Me Feel This Way. The album peaked at number 2 on Billboard Top Contemporary Jazz Albums chart.
 Introducing Brad Mehldau is the debut album by American pianist and composer Brad Mehldau released on the Warner Bros. label in 1995.
 Secret Symphony is the fifth studio album by singer-songwriter Katie Melua and was released on 5 March 2012. The album was recorded at Air Studios in London in collaboration with orchestrator and conductor Mike Batt.Melua said in a statement: This album was going to be my 'singer's album'.
 OOF! EP is the sixth release by Blue Scholars. It is also their fourth EP and second EP available in hard copy format. It was released on August 25 2009.The EP received a limited edition run of 808 physical CDs which were made available online at the Seattle release party at Caffé Vita locations in Seattle and at IN4MATION Ward in Honolulu.
 Even Bigger Even Better Power Ballads III - The Greatest Driving Anthems in the World... Ever! is the 3rd edition in The Greatest Driving Anthems in the World... Ever! series which is a part of The Best... Album in the World...Ever! brand. Each album includes some of the biggest power ballads since the 1960s while one album specifically includes Sixties Power Ballads.
 Still Sick… Urine Trouble is the second mixtape in Sage Francis' Sick of mixtape series . It is currently out of print and will most likely remain that way. Sage chose to discontinue this mixtape along with Sickly Business and released Still Sickly Business a best of compilation of the two mixtapes with several new tracks included.
 Black in Mind is the ninth studio album by the German heavy metal band Rage. Some tracks on the album such as The Crawling Chaos are inspired by the works of H.P. Lovecraft.
 Mint Jams is the seventh and the second live album by Casiopea released on May 12 1982.
 Through the Years is Cilla Black's fourteenth solo studio album released in 1993. It features cover versions re-recordings of some of her best known songs duets with other singers and new songs.
 Analogue Bubblebath 3.1 was the eighth EP released by artist Richard D. James under his commonly known alias AFX. It is a companion to Analogue Bubblebath Vol 3.The EP consists of five untitled songs. It was released in 1997 on Rephlex Records in the 12 vinyl format. No official CD release exists.The first four tracks were originally released on CD copies of Analogue Bubblebath Vol 3 as tracks 9 13 and 8 respectively.
 Lincoln is the second album by the band They Might Be Giants. It was released by Bar/None in 1988. The album is named after John Linnell and John Flansburgh's boyhood home of Lincoln Massachusetts. The album produced three singles — Ana Ng They'll Need a Crane and Purple Toupee. It is included on Then: The Earlier Years a compilation of the band's early material in its entirety.
 For the EP by Neutral Milk Hotel see Everything Is (EP).Everything Is is the debut album by English alternative rock band Nine Black Alps. The album generally received favorable reviews among critics and heralded acclaim from portions of the British music press earning the band a loyal fanbase following in the UK. The single Unsatisfied was featured in episode 3.20 of the television series One Tree Hill.
 Above is the eighth studio album from the heavy metal band Samael released in March 2009.
 Tabula Rasā is a collaborative album by American banjoist Béla Fleck together with Vishwa Mohan Bhatt (playing traditional Indian slide guitar Mohan veena) and Jie-Bing Chen who plays the traditional Chinese two-string fiddle Erhu. The unusual combination of Fleck's banjo together with these traditional instruments creates a unique sound on this album which was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best World Music Album at the 39th Grammy Awards.
 Jungle Blues is the fourth album by Australian Hokum Blues musician C. W. Stoneking. In 2009 Stoneking received five ARIA Award nominations 'Best Blues and Roots Album' 'Best Independent Release' 'Best Male Artist' and 'Best Album Cover Art' eventually winning 'Best Blues and Roots Album' for Jungle Blues.
 The Echo of a Song is a 1997 studio album by Ian Shaw.
 Billy Currington is the first solo album by country singer Billy Currington. Released in 2003 on Mercury Nashville Records the album produced the singles Walk a Little Straighter and I Got a Feelin' both of which were Top Ten hits for Currington on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. Ain't What It Used to Be was later recorded by Megan Mullins whose version was released as a single in 2006. Currington co-wrote all but one of the songs on the album.
 Amanda Leigh is the sixth studio album by American artist Mandy Moore released by Storefront & RED Distribution in May and June 2009. Marketed and distributed by Sony Music Entertainment the album consists of eleven songs and five bonus tracks. Most are contemporary folk style songs with country and pop influences.On March 17 2009 I Could Break Your Heart Any Day of the Week the first single from the album was released for digital download on iTunes.
 Senda '91 is a live album by the Spanish rock band Héroes del Silencio. It was released after the Senda '91 tour which highlighted music from the album Senderos de Traición along with newer songs too.
 Show Time is a Doris Day album primarily consisting of well-known songs from Broadway musicals released by Columbia Records on July 11 1960 as a monaural LP album catalog number CL-1470 and a stereophonic LP album catalog number CS-8261.The album was combined with Day's 1963 album Love Him on a compact disc issued on November 14 2000 by Collectables Records.
 Tiggarens tal is an album by Imperiet released in 1988.
 Mutineers is the tenth studio album by English singer-songwriter David Gray released on 17 June 2014 on the independent music label Good Soldier Songs.Back in the World was the first song to be officially announced as the first lead off single for the album.
 Hell to Pay is the ninth studio album by heavy metal band Dokken released in 2004. It was produced by Don Dokken himself and also the first studio album to feature lead guitarist Jon Levin.
 Magical Flight is the 1977 album by the pioneer British Folk musician Wizz Jones. In addition to composing some of the songs Alan Tunbridge produced the U.K. cover artwork.
 From the Bay to LA is a split EP between Hellcat bands Static Thought and Society's Parasites. It was originally released in 2008 by Slambo Rat Records and was limited to 500 pressings. All songs were previously unreleased.
 Blue Moon Swamp is the fifth solo album by American singer/songwriter John Fogerty released in 1997 Guest musicians for vocal backing the Lonesome River Band were invited to join in on Southern Streamline and Rambunctious Boy. Other vocal backing was provided by The Waters on Blueboy and The Fairfield Four on A Hundred and Ten in the Shade.
 The Heat Can Melt Your Brain is an album by Viva Voce released on September 14 2004 on Minty Fresh.
 Antics in the Forbidden Zone is a compilation album and accompanying video by the English new wave musician Adam Ant published in October 1990 by Epic Records. The collection spans the years 1979 to 1985 including Ant's time as frontman of Adam and the Ants with selections from Dirk Wears White Sox (1979) Kings of the Wild Frontier (1980) and Prince Charming (1981) as well as his first three solo albums Friend or Foe (1982) Strip (1983) and Vive Le Rock (1985).
 AnimaminA is the debut EP of Icelandic string quartet Amiina.The EP was first published in early December 2004 by Smekkleysa in Iceland and then in mid-2005 by The Workers Institute in the United States and Speak N Spell in Australia. Its title was a palindrome of the band's name which at the time of the EP's publication was Amína.
 First EP is Mock Orange's first EP and sixth release released in 2002 through Dead Droid Records.
 Boy Child: The Best of 1967 - 1970 is a compilation album by the singer-songwriter Scott Walker. It was released in 1990. The album compiles music that Walker both wrote and recorded on five of his first six studio albums; Scott (1967) Scott 2 (1968) Scott 3 (1969) Scott 4 (1969) and 'Til the Band Comes In (1970). The original release also includes the non-Walker composition The Rope and The Colt a French single recorded by the singer for the 1969 film Une corde un colt.
 The Equinox is the third and final album by heralded Queens Hip Hop duo Organized Konfusion released on September 16 1997 on Priority Records. The group branched out to work with a number of outside producers including Diamond D Showbiz Buckwild and Rockwilder. The effort is a concept album with tracks linked together by storytelling skits.
 One Off's Remixes and B Sides is the third album by Quantic.
 Solta o Pavão is a 1975 album by Brazilian artist Jorge Ben. The title of the album literally means unleash the peacock and refers to the outward expression of inner beauty.
 Chant is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It was followed-up by Chant 2.
 Connie Francis Sings Spanish and Latin American Favorites is a studio album of Spanish and Latin American songs recorded by American entertainer Connie Francis.
 Julie...At Home was an LP album by Julie London released by Liberty Records under catalog number LRP-3152 as a monophonic recording in 1960 and later in stereo under catalog number LST-7152 the same year.
 Anthology is a compilation album released on CD by Roger Daltrey on the Repertoire label 20 July 1998.
 Down with Webster is the self-titled debut album by Canadian band Down with Webster. It was self released on June 26 2007. The band worked with producer James Robertson on this album who will later co-produce the band's major label debut Time to Win Vol. 1.Weekends received airplay on the Toronto radio station CHUM FM. A music video for Miracle Mile was filmed. It was directed by Geoff McLean.
 Live at NEARfest 2007 is the first live album from Pure Reason Revolution and was recorded live at the North East Art Rock Festival in June 2007. The live set includes many songs from their full-length debut The Dark Third plus a few new tracks that eventually appeared on their following studio album Amor Vincit Omnia specifically Deus Ex Machina and Victorious Cupid.
 </td><td valign=top>A Call to Us All is the fourth album from singer songwriter producer and composer Teri DeSario. It was recorded and mixed at Mama Jo's and mastered by Bernie Grundman at A&M Records. According to AllMusic A Call to Us All peaked at 32 on Billboards Top Contemporary Christian music chart in 1984.
 Minutes is an album by Elkie Brooks.
 Ideology is the first instrumental solo album of American musician and composer David Harbour.
 A Hundred Things Keep Me Up at Night is the second studio album from Swedish indie-pop group Love Is All.
 Start Breaking My Heart is Manitoba's 2001 debut album released by The Leaf Label. The album was re-released in 2006 by Domino after he took on his new moniker Caribou. The styles and themes of the album have been compared to those of Boards of Canada Four Tet and Aphex Twin.
 Tin Lily is an album by American singer-songwriter Jeff Black released in 2005.
 Dying Sun is the second full-length studio album by the French death metal band Yyrkoon.
 Soul Samba (aka Bossa Nova Soul Samba) is an album by American saxophonist Ike Quebec recorded in 1962 and released on the Blue Note label. It was Quebec's final recording before his death in January 1963.
 Mind the Gap is the tenth album by Scooter. Four singles were taken from it: Jigga Jigga! One (Always Hardcore) Shake That! and Suavemente.Three different versions of the album were released – Basic Regular and Deluxe. The Basic Version contains all 11 studio tracks but no booklet. The Regular Version includes booklet as well as two additional tracks with Jigga Jigga! and Trip to Nowhere.
 Out of Tune is the second album by Mojave 3 released on 5 October 1998.
 I'm Free is the 6th and the last for now solo album by guitarist/singer/songwriter Ray Parker Jr.. He made a comeback after 15 years of absence with this album released from his own independent record company called Raydio Music Inc.. The record was released in 2006 and included the song Mexico.
 Pieces of the People We Love is the second full-length album by dance-punk band The Rapture. The album was released in the United States on September 12 2006.
 How I Learned to Love the Bootboys is the fourth and final album by British alternative rock band The Auteurs.
 Krush is the debut album from Japanese underground hip hop producer DJ Krush. It was re-released on Shadow Records in 1995.
 Caucasian Psychosis is a US compilation album of Babyteeth and Pleasure Death by the rock band Therapy?. It was released on 13 April 1992 on Quarterstick Records. Both mini-albums had been previously released in Europe on Wiiija Records.The album was released on 12 vinyl CD and Cassette.
 The debut album of the St. Louis R&B singer; Shari Watson (Truth Hurts) which was executively produced by Dr. Dre. Although it included the lead single Addictive the album massively undersold possibly partly due to the fact of a lawsuit against her and Aftermath Entertainment over the Hindi sample (Thoda Resham Lagta Hai) which is heavily featured in the song.
 Mail on Sunday is the debut studio album by American hip hop artist Flo Rida and was released on March 18 2008 via Atlantic and Poe Boy Entertainment. It spawned three singles; the first Low was number-one on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 for ten weeks. The second and third singles Elevator and In the Ayer were successful as well being top twenty hits.
 Ultra Modern Nursery Rhymes is the only album released by the short lived group Terry Blair & Anouchka.
 L.A. Confidential is either the original soundtrack on the Restless Records label featuring mainly songs and source music or the original film score on Varèse Sarabande Records of the 1997 Academy Award- and Golden Globe Award-winning film L.A. Confidential starring Kevin Spacey Russell Crowe Guy Pearce James Cromwell Danny DeVito and Kim Basinger (who won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for this film). The original score was composed by Jerry Goldsmith.
 Hordes of the Brave is the second studio album by Belgian band Iron Mask released on April 22 2005 by Lion Music. All songs were composed by Dushan Petrossi.
 Preflight is an EP by the Christian rock band Building 429 which was released in 2002. The recording was made and distributed to promote the then forthcoming second independent album by the band entitled Flight.
 Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean: Swashbuckling Sea Songs was released on CD in 2006 as part of a CD/DVD combo pack packaged with Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest and offered at Wal-Mart stores.
 Enchanted Piano is the ninth studio album from American New Age pianist Kevin Kern and his tenth overall (excluding territory-exclusive albums). As with his preceding and succeeding albums it is an album of instrumental songs. It was released on January 17 2012.Unlike Kern's past albums this album breaks away from his other in the way that it is recorded solely on the piano; as such there are no other instruments whatsoever on the album.
 Down With the Scene is the second album by the Electronic music artist Kid 606 and the first full-length album for Ipecac Recordings.In typical Kid 606 style the album song titles have many musical references including one to Luke Vibert and a parody of the Public Enemy album It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back.Mike Patton has guest vocals on song Secrets 4 Sale.
 Fable (alternatively Legend Chinese: 寓言; pinyin: Yùyán) is a 2000 Mandarin album by Beijing-based C-pop singer Faye Wong.The album can be considered in three sections. The first five tracks deal with certain aspects of Buddhism incorporating motifs from fairy tales especially Cinderella. The next three are radio-friendly pop songs.
 Princess P is the debut album by American Idol contestant Paris Bennett. It was released on May 8 2007. Bennett is currently signed to 306 Entertainment owned by Paul Jones her uncle. Bennett worked with Jon Jon Traxx Darren Lighty and Rodney Jerkins on Princess P. The album name comes from the nickname used affectionately for her by Ryan Seacrest on American Idol. Bennett co-wrote the album with J. Isaac Moore.
 Alphagene (German for Alphagenes) is the debut album by German rapper Kollegah. It was released on November 16 2007 on Selfmade Records and was produced by hip hop producer Rizbo. That album brought Kollegah the first time in the German Albums Chart.The album features guest parts by DeineLtan Favorite Bass Sultan Hengzt K.I.Z. and Slick One.
 Skitnica is the second studio album of Montenegrin singer Šako Polumenta which was released in 1995.
 In Search of Sanity is the third studio album by English thrash metal band Onslaught released in 1989. With several changes in the band's line up including the addition of Grim Reaper vocalist Steve Grimmett the album contains a more polished sound than previous Onslaught albums meeting mixed views by their fans. It is Onslaught's last album before they disbanded in 1991 and the release of their fourth album Killing Peace in 2007.
 Vero Electronics was the debut album by UK group Add N To (X) released in 1996. Add N To (X) were later signed by Daniel Miller to Mute Records.
 Too Bad is the eighth studio album by dancehall artist Buju Banton released in 2006 (see 2006 in music).
 Another Time and Place is the second album of American country music singer Rob Crosby. It was released in August 1992 via Arista Nashville. The album includes the singles She Wrote the Book and In the Blood.
 These Ones Are Bitter is the second solo-album by Screeching Weasel front man Ben Weasel. The album also features musicians Dan Andriano (of Alkaline Trio) Mike Kennerty and Chris Gaylor (both of the All-American Rejects). Kennerty is also the album's producer.It was released in June 2007 and was the first album released for Mendota Recording Company Ben Weasel's new digital download only record label.
 Gambling Days are Over is the debut album by the Compulsive Gamblers. It was released in 1995 by Sympathy for the Record Industry. The album with the exception of the last three songs was recorded on an 8-track recorder in vocalist Jack Oblivian's apartment.
 Let Chaos Prevail is a 2007 album by Demigod released on Xtreem Music.
 In Satan's Name: The Definitive Collection is a 1997 compilation album by British rock band Atomic Rooster. It was released on the Recall Records label (a subsidiary of Snapper Music).Alongside Heavy Soul it is one of only two fully licensed collections to span all five of the band's 1970s albums.
 Far... Þinn Veg was an album released in 2001 by the Icelandic rock singer Megas. This work was integrated by 13 songs and counted with the presence of Guðlaugur Kristinn Óttarsson in guitars.
 Elena is a 1996 album by Maggie Reilly. A Limited Edition was released in 1997.
 Life Is Full of Possibilities is an album by Dntel (Jimmy Tamborello) with contributions from several other artists released October 30 2001 on the Plug Research record label. The album is perhaps most famous for leading to the creation of The Postal Service a result of the collaboration with Ben Gibbard on (This Is) The Dream of Evan and Chan.
 7500 Miles is klear's first full-length album. It was released independently and sold at the band's live performances at various local retailers in the Buffalo New York area and online through the band's website and other various online stores such as CDBaby.com
 A Stitch in Time is the second EP released by The Twilight Singers. The five song EP was first released on iTunes on October 10 2006. Hard copies were then released in the UK on December 4 2006 and in the US on January 23 2007. A Stitch in Time features guest appearances by Mark Lanegan and Joseph Arthur. Live with Me is a Massive Attack cover while Flashback is a Fat Freddy’s Drop cover.
 Remixed is a greatest hits/remix album by dance/pop singer Amber. It was released in 2000 and has hits from the albums This Is Your Night and Amber. It also includes a new song entitled Taste The Tears. The album contains 14 songs in total with each song having two versions. The only two songs that don't have a second remix are Colour of Love and One More Night.
 The Popular Duke Ellington is a studio album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington featuring many of the tunes associated with his orchestra rerecorded in 1966 and released on the RCA label in 1967.
 Angles of Repose is an album by American composer saxophonist and clarinet player Joe Maneri with bassist Barre Phillips and violinist Mat Maneri recorded in 2002 and released on the ECM label.
 The Avalanche (styled The Avalanche: Outtakes and Extras from the Illinois Album on the cover) is a 2006 album by indie rock singer/songwriter Sufjan Stevens consisting of outtakes and other recordings from the sessions for his album Illinois released the previous year. The title song The Avalanche was also a bonus track on the Illinois vinyl and iTunes release.
 Colour Collection is a compilation album released in 2006 by German composer and singer Frank Duval.
 This Time is the title of the first studio album after six years of hiatus by German singer-songwriter & producer Thomas Anders released in 2004. It is Anders' 19-th album and his eighth as a solo artist.
 Reveille is the fourth album by the band Deerhoof released in 2002. The line-up of the band at the time was Satomi Matsuzaki John Dieterich and Greg Saunier with Chris Cooper contributing extra guitar work on one of the tracks. Satomi Matsuzaki also created the album's cover art. It was jointly released on the record labels 5 Rue Christine and Kill Rock Stars.
 Back Home in Sulphur Springs is an album by Americana and folk musicians Norman Blake and Nancy Blake released in 2006. It has the same title as Norman Blake's 1972 debut album.
 Our Beautiful Garden is Open is an album by pianist Anthony Coleman's Sephardic Tinge which was released on the Tzadik label in 2002.
 Snake Charmer is a collaborative EP between musicians Jah Wobble The Edge and Holger Czukay released in 1983 through Island Records.
 Pink Bubbles Go Ape is the fourth studio album by German power metal band Helloween released in 1991. It marked the departure of guitarist Kai Hansen with Roland Grapow replacing him. Musically it was written with a softer less epic and sometimes humorous approach which would be later fully implemented in the band's following album Chameleon (1993).The album contains two singles which are Kids of the Century and Number One. Kids of the Century reached #56 in the United Kingdom.
 SGNL>05 is an EP released by Isis which acts as an extension to their earlier full-length album Celestial as the tracks were all directly culled from the Celestial recording sessions.
 To Love and Back EP is a six-track EP that was released on June 12 2009 by Phoenix Arizona Pop Rock band This Century on Action Theory Records.
 In Waves is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Trivium released worldwide on various dates August 2 2011 and August 9 2011 through Roadrunner Records.
 Snow Blankets the Night is an EP by the American singer-songwriter Teddy Geiger. Following the success of the debut album Underage Thinking Geiger released a six song Christmas EP on December 12 2006 only through the U.S. iTunes.The EP includes an original Christmas song written by Geiger himself entitled I Found an Angel and two other new original songs Listen and Our Eyes as well.
 October File is the second album by Die Kreuzen released in May 1986 through Touch and Go Records.
 Infernal is the ninth studio album by American musician Phideaux Xavier and the third and final part of his projected Trilogy of albums dealing with Big Brother authoritarianism and ecological crisis after Part One The Great Leap and Part Two Doomsday Afternoon.
 Redivivus is Winters Bane third album released on April 11 2006 by DCA Recordings.
 Living for a Song: A Tribute to Hank Cochran is the fourth studio album by American country music singer Jamey Johnson. It was released in October 2012 via Mercury Nashville on both compact disc and LP record. The album is a tribute to songwriter Hank Cochran.
 Death Before Dishonor is the debut album by rapper 2 Pistols released on June 17 2008. Guests include T-Pain Tay Dizm Ray J Slick Pulla Blood Raw Trey Songz BMU & Tyra B. A version of Candy Coated Diamonds featuring Fergie (instead of Tyra B) leaked on various The Black Eyed Peas fansites.
 Chopped & Screwed is a chopped and screwed compilation album by Mystikal. It was released on December 7 2004 for Jive Records and the Zomba Label Group and was produced by Beats By the Pound Rick Rock Cool & Dre The Neptunes Scott Storch Vinnie Biggs Leroy Precise Edwards and Corey Evans with DJ 007 mixing the album. The album featured Mustikal's last single to date Oochie Pop.
 The Live Adventure is the first live album from Steven Curtis Chapman released on September 7 1993. The album was recorded during Chapman's tour for The Great Adventure on May 6 1993.The concert video won the 1994 Gospel Music Association award for Long Form Music Video of the Year and the song Go There With You won the title of Pop/Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year. The album brought Chapman his third Grammy 1994's Grammy Award for Best Pop/Contemporary Gospel Album.
 Funk Tango is an album by the Paquito D'Rivera Quintet? released through Sunny Side Records in 2007. In 2008 the album won the group the Grammy Award for Best Latin Jazz Album.
 Anthem Inc. is the seventh album from Naughty by Nature. The album marks a 20-year anniversary for the hip-hop trio. This is the first Naughty by Nature release featuring all three members - Treach Vin Rock and Kay Gee - since 1999's Nineteen Naughty Nine: Nature's Fury.
 Apo Kardias (Greek: Από Καρδιάς; English: From the Heart) is the 1st official Greatest Hits compilation album by Greek recording artist Katy Garbi and 19th album overall. The album was first released as a covermount with 'Espresso' magazine on the 23 March 2013.
 Voicings was the last recording by the Minneapolis jazz vocal group Rio Nido. The album was one of the early recordings to feature live direct to digital recording techniques.
 Alligator is the third studio album by American indie rock band The National released on April 12 2005 on Beggars Banquet. Recorded and produced by Peter Katis and Paul Mahajan the album brought The National critical acclaim and increased their fanbase significantly. Alligator appeared on many year-end top 10 lists including Uncut and Planet Sound both of which ranked it as the number two album of 2005. Pitchfork Media ranked Alligator at number 40 in their top albums of the 2000s list.
 Negative Outlook is the first EP by Sworn Enemy released in 2000 on Stillborn Records. It was re-released in 2004.
 Bullets and Octane is the fourth studio album by Bullets and Octane. It was released on April 14 2009.
 Roorback is the ninth studio album by Brazilian heavy metal band Sepultura released in 2003 through SPV Records.
 World Out of Mind is also the title of a science fiction novel by J. T. McIntoshWorld Out of Mind is a Man or Astro-man? 7 EP released on Estrus Records in 1995. It was released exclusively on clear yellow-orange vinyl. Art Chantry designed/illustrated the cover. The cover is die-cut with a rounded top and 3 lightning bolts cut out.
 The Celts Strike Again is the second studio album by the Serbian Irish folk/Celtic rock band Orthodox Celts released in 1997.
 Bitch Betta Have My Money 2001 is the third album by rapper AMG. It was released on December 5 2000 through Lightyear Records.
 First Breath is the first album released by the band Mercenary. With this album Mercenary showed their death metal roots along with some thrash metal elements. First Breath was recorded at the Aabenraa Studio Denmark.
 Joan Baez was singer Joan Baez's 1960 self-titled debut album featuring 13 traditional folk songs.
 Anita O'Day Swings Cole Porter with Billy May is a 1959 studio album by Anita O'Day of songs written by Cole Porter arranged by Billy May. O'Day and May recorded another album dedicated to a single composer Richard Rodgers in 1960.
 Join the Dots is the second studio album by British psychedelic rock band TOY released on 9 December 2013 in Europe and the UK (17 December USA) through Heavenly Recordings. The band recorded the album with Dan Carey who also produced their debut album and it took twice as long as their first album to record and master. The first single to be released from the album was Join the Dots released in October 2013 as a download and limited hand-stamped seven-inch vinyl.
 Songs to Grow On by Woody Guthrie Sung by Jack Elliott is an album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott released in 1961. It consists of songs for children written or performed by Woody Guthrie.
 Just Another Day in Paradise is a 1982 album by American singer-songwriter Bertie Higgins. The album spawned the Top 10 single Key Largo as well as the title track which was released as a follow up. The single Just Another Day in Paradise was not as big a hit as Key Largo but received much airplay and also hit the Country charts as well. In Asia the other international hit Casablanca was generated from the album.
 Christmas Caravan is a Christmas album by jazz band Squirrel Nut Zippers. It was released in 1998 through Mammoth Records and contains a version of the song Sleigh Ride.
 The Hardware EP is the first EP Cooper Temple Clause had as a signed band under Morning Records released on 19 March 2001. It had a limited run of 1000 copies of a 2 boxed 7s with each song on each side of the vinyl.
 Wai Notes is the name of a 2007 album by Dawn McCarthy and Bonnie 'Prince' Billy credited here as Bonny Billy. It is a collection of demo songs for The Letting Go released in 2006. The album comprises recordings on tapes exchanged between Will Oldham and Dawn McCarthy through the mail prior to recording The Letting Go. It is now out of print as only 10000 copies were duplicated.
 The Ghosts That Haunt Me is the 1991 debut album by the Canadian folk rock group Crash Test Dummies. It featured their hit Superman's Song.The artwork featured on the cover and throughout the liner notes is by 19th-century illustrator Gustav Doré and is from 'The Rime of the Ancient Mariner' by Samuel Taylor Coleridge. The same painting would later be used for black metal band Judas Iscariot's final full length To Embrace the Corpses Bleeding.
 I Kalomira Paei Cinema is a concept album by the popular Greek-American singer Kalomira that was released on December 7 2006 by Heaven Music. The album contains many popular classic songs from the old Greek Cinema. These songs have been performed by many Greek movie stars like Aliki Vougiouklaki. The album contains also a karaoke DVD. The album failed to match the success of her two previous albums. No singles were produced from the album.
 Live in Honolulu is a live recording of a Janis Joplin concert with her Full Tilt Boogie Band on Honolulu. Joplin is in great form at this concert as she loves the rowdy crowd and there is no security.
 Rescue You is the first solo album of Joe Lynn Turner formerly of Rainbow and Fandango. This album is a collection of AOR and radio friendly pop tracks from the rock heyday of the mid-80's.There was a single and video release of the song Endlessly.
 Boris at Last -Feedbacker- (or simply called Feedbacker) is the sixth album by the Japanese experimental band Boris. Much like their debut album Absolutego or Flood Feedbacker consists of a single track which has been split into five parts on the disc. There is also an official DVD released on 2005 and limited to 500 which was released by Diwphalanx Records.
 Good to Be Back is a 1989 album by Natalie Cole.The single Miss You Like Crazy peaked at #7 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and topped the Adult Contemporary and R&B Charts in 1989.
 The Kiss is the third studio album by gospel group Trin-i-tee 5:7. Featuring production by PAJAM Uncle Freddie Jerkins and Myron Butler musically The Kiss is urban contemporary/neo-soul with hip-hop elements but lyrically the album is gospel.
 VIDEO G∞VER is a High and Mighty Color video compilation released in 2006. It included the promotion videos for Pride Over Run Run Run and Days as well as advertising TV-SPOTs for the individual Singles and alternate video versions. All four Songs were part of the Go Over album released in 2005.
 Della Della Cha-Cha-Cha is an album by singer and actress Della Reese. It's an album of standards performed with a cha-cha-cha rhythm and beat. The album was recorded in New York City in 1960 and it was conducted by O.B. Masingill.
 Last Secrets is the final album by indie rock band The Like Young. It was released in 2006 by the Polyvinyl Record Company.
 Love Me is the first studio album released by rapper/song writer J Peezy. The album was released in 2008 for APB Entertainment.
 Civil War (stylized as C I V I L W A R) is the fourth album by the Minneapolis Minnesota punk rock band Dillinger Four released on October 14 2008 by Fat Wreck Chords. It is the band's second album for Fat following 2002's Situationist Comedy. Its recording and production took place over several years and its release date was pushed back several times. An early internet leak of the album was the source of some controversy.
 Abominations is the third and final studio album by Seattle horror punk band Schoolyard Heroes. The album was recorded in January 2007 over the course of 18 days and released on September 17 of the same year. After signing to Stolen Transmission the album served as the band's major label debut and their first album not to be released independently through The Control Group.
 The Vivaldi Album is a 1999 recording of Vivaldi opera arias by Cecilia Bartoli with the period instrument ensemble Il Giardino Armonico released by Decca Classics. The album's commercial success marked a major leap in revival of interest in the operas of Antonio Vivaldi.
 Agnetha Collection is a Swedish compilation album released in 1986 by Agnetha Fältskog.
 Head of the Hawk is the second studio album by the Australian rock band Bluejuice released through Dew Process on 18 September 2009. The album was recorded with producer Chris Shaw in Sydney's Big Jesus Burger studios in 2009.Rolling Stone Australia gave the album three and a half stars out of five. Time Out Sydney rated the album four out of five stars.The album's first single Broken Leg peaked at number 27 on the Australian Singles Chart and was nominated for two ARIA Music Awards.
 Let Me Follow is the album of arrangements by Arnold Zamora for Bob Fabing S.J. released in 2007 by OCP Productions Portland Oregon USA.
 L'amore è una cosa semplice is the fifth studio album by Italian pop singer-songwriter Tiziano Ferro.
 Black Magick Sorceress is an EP by the Swedish death doom metal band Runemagick. It was released in 2005 on Aftermath Music on vinyl only.
 Mary J. Blige & Friends is a compilation album by American recording artist Mary J. Blige. Released on October 31 2006 it was sold exclusively in Circuit City stores and includes tracks featuring guest artists such as Sting Robin Thicke and Nas.
 La Cucaracha is the 10th and final studio album released by the alternative rock band Ween. The album was available streaming on the band's MySpace page October 16–19 2007 and it was released on October 23. It was named the 2007 Album of the Year by Magnet magazine. A bonus track Bag of Fat was available as an iTunes exclusive with the purchase of the entire album.
 Evangelia Heretika is the second live DVD by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth. It was released on November 9 2010.On march 13 2011 Evangelia Heretika was certified platinum in Poland.
 Memories in My Head is an EP by the band Riverside released by Progteam in Poland and Glassville Records in the rest of Europe on June 20 2011. In North America the EP was released on June 28 2011 by Laser's Edge. Prior to its worldwide release the EP was sold exclusively at live shows being part of the band's 10th Anniversary Tour. The artwork was done by Travis Smith.
 Quartets: Live at the Village Vanguard is a live album by the American jazz saxophonist Joe Lovano recorded at the Village Vanguard in 1994 and 1995 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Born Again is the album by the American synthpop band Red Flag. It marks the comeback of the band by Chris Reynolds after the death of brother and band mate Mark Reynolds in 2003. The album is dedicated to the memory of Mark Reynolds.
 Reverie is the official debut recording by The Triffids released as a 7 EP in November 1982.
 Free All Angels is the third studio album by Ash which was initially released on 16 April 2001 through Infectious Records. The name of the album is taken from a T-shirt worn by a Hells Angel.Speaking to Kerrang! in 2008 Tim Wheeler remembered:I wasn't going to make any old commercial shit I wanted to write brilliant songs that would actually speak to people. So I went back to Northern Ireland to my parents’ house away from everything back to where we were before we had any success.
 Zsa Zsa is an EP by Sugarsmack released in 1992 through Three AM Records.
 Bonnie on Tour is a live DVD made during an international tour by singer Bonnie Tyler.
 The Mark Tom and Travis Show (The Enema Strikes Back!) is a live album by the American rock band Blink-182. Produced by Jerry Finn the album was released on November 7 2000 through MCA Records.
 Sub Rosa is a 2003 album by Swedish artist Eagle-Eye Cherry his third studio album.
 Battersea Shield is a 2004 EP by The Orb and Meat Beat Manifesto. It was sold in an embossed tin based on the design of the Battersea Shield instead of a standard jewel case.A different version of Matron was previously released as Horn of Jericho on the Meat Beat Manifesto album RUOK?. Insane was recorded and mixed at Concrete Hull in 2004. 1855 BC reuses samples which were used in previous Meat Beat Manifesto tracks.
 The Best of Ultravox is the seventh compilation by New Wave band Ultravox released on EMI Gold records in 2003 being one of the more recent compilation albums of the band. The songs of the disc are from the success era of the band in the 1980s while Midge Ure was the singer.The song Love's Great Adventure isn't live as White China which isn't named as a live song.
 Fishscale is the fifth studio album by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member Ghostface Killah released March 28 2006 on Def Jam in the United States. The album features guest appearances from every member of the Wu-Tang Clan as well as Ghostface Killah's Theodore Unit. It also features production from several acclaimed producers such as MF Doom Pete Rock J Dilla and Just Blaze among others.
 Reincidentes is the debut album by the Spanish punk rock band Reincidentes. It was released in 1989 by Discos Trilita.
 Punk Goes Metal was the first compilation album to be released as part of the Punk Goes... series created by Fearless Records. It features covers of heavy metal songs by punk rock bands and was released on August 1 2000.The Aquabats' contribution Why Rock? is actually an original composition credited to fictional band Leather Pyrate. To date this remains the only non-cover to appear on a Punk Goes... covers compilation.
 To Leave or Die in Long Island is the second release by the DIY collective Bomb The Music Industry!. It is considered a “mini-album” by the band members because they feel it’s too much to be considered an EP but it’s not enough to be a full-length.As with their debut the album can be obtained by either downloading it or bringing blank discs to a BTMI! show.The album was released by Asbestos Records on vinyl in December 2006 after a delay due to a manufacturing error.
 Oscar Peterson et Joe Pass à Salle Pleyel is a 1975 (see 1975 in music) live album by Oscar Peterson featuring Joe Pass.
 The Waste Lands is the eighth studio album by British heavy metal band Venom. It is the last with bassist/singer Tony Demolition Man Dolan and also the last before the reunion of the classic Venom line-up from their first four albums Welcome to Hell Black Metal At War with Satan and Possessed. The working title for this album was Kissing the Beast but the band changed it when they saw the cover.
 Right Time is the 1976 studio album debut of influential reggae band the Mighty Diamonds. The album released by Virgin Records after they signed the Mighty Diamonds following a search for talent in Jamaica is critically regarded as a reggae classic a landmark in the roots reggae subgenre. Several of the album's socially conscious songs were hits in the band's native Jamaica with a few becoming successful in the UK underground.
 Passion is the third album by singer-songwriter Regina Belle. The album became her most successful album peaked at #63 on the Billboard 200 and #13 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart selling over 389000 copies according to Neilsen Soundscan. It was certified Gold by the RIAA on October 13 1993.It includes the hit singles Dream in Color A Whole New World and If I Could.
 Killers is the second album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden released on 2 February 1981 in the UK and 6 June 1981 in the US. The album was their first with guitarist Adrian Smith and their last with vocalist Paul Di'Anno who was sacked after problems with his stage performance arose due to his alcohol and cocaine use.
 The Grimy Awards is the fourth studio album by American rapper Ill Bill. It was released on February 26 2013. The album features guest appearances from A-Trak H.R. Shabazz the Disciple Lil Fame Meyhem Lauren Q-Unique O.C. Cormega Tia Thomas El-P and Jedi Mind Tricks With production coming from hip hop veterans such as DJ Premier Pete Rock Large Professor Ayatollah and El-P among others.
 Así Es is the first studio album by the Chilean singer Américo. His song El Embrujo is currently one of the most-known in Chile receiving high demand on the Chilean radios. The album was certified Platinum for more than 10.000 copies.
 The Circle Game is the 1968 album from folk rock musician Tom Rush. He covers three songs from fellow singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell as well as songs by Jackson Browne and James Taylor. Rush himself wrote Rockport Sunday and his classic often-covered tune No Regrets; the song has become a folk standard and has been covered by several dozen artists including Emmylou Harris The Walker Brothers Fairport Convention Olivia Newton-John indie-pop group Luna and Curtis Stigers.
 Hectic was the debut EP by the American ska punk band Operation Ivy. It was released in January 1988 through Lookout! Records (LK 003). Hectic is credited as one of the first ska-core records. In 1991 all 6 tracks from Hectic were later released on the self-titled compilation album which also featured all the tracks from Energy and two tracks from the Turn It Around! compilation.
 Against is the seventh studio album by the Brazilian metal band Sepultura released in 1998 through Roadrunner Records. It is the band's first release with new frontman Derrick Green who replaced group founder Max Cavalera in 1997.
 Smoke on the Water & Other Hits is a compilation album by the British rock band Deep Purple released in 2001.
 Nothing But the Best: Radio Classics is an official compilation album by White Heart. It contains the songs Morningstar and My Eyes Have Seen which had not previously been released.
 The Game is a 1999 album from singer Chico DeBarge. It peaked at 41 on the Billboard 200. It marked his return to Motown Records (since 1988) after Kedar Entertainment founder Kedar Massenburg was appointed as head of the label in late 1998. The album's final song Heart Mind & Soul is a cover of the title track of the 1994 album from brother El DeBarge.
 E. Von Dahl Killed the Locals is the debut album by The Matches originally self-released in 2003 and later re-released on Epitaph Records in 2004.The self release contained the track Superman which was removed from the Epitaph re-release because the band felt it would be a good bonus to those fans who had been with them from the beginning.
 The soundtrack album for The Devil Wears Prada was released by Warner Brothers/WEA on July 11 2006. It includes popular songs by U2 and Madonna and work by Alanis Morissette and Jamiroquai many of which were used for significant scenes in the film. The film also contains the Blackliquid Remix to DJ Colette's hit single Feelin' Hypnotized.
 Use Your Illusion I is a live VHS/DVD by Guns N' Roses. Filmed live at the Tokyo Dome Japan on February 22 1992 during the Japanese leg of the Use Your Illusion tour this recording features the first half of the concert the second half appearing on sister volume Use Your Illusion II. The VHS titles were distributed by Geffen Home Video in 1992.The concert was originally recorded by Japan Satellite Broadcasting Inc.
 Redeemer: The Best of Nicole C. Mullen is a greatest hits album from Christian African-American artist Nicole C. Mullen. It features some of her best songs from the albums Nicole C. Mullen Talk About It and Everyday People. It was originally intended to have 20 tracks but instead had 15 with 2 bonus live tracks. It was felt 20 songs would be too many on her greatest hits album.
 Kati Simveni (Greek: Κάτι Συμβαίνει; English: Something's Happening) is the name of a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi. The album was released in Greece and Cyprus by CBS Greece in 1985. This album includes her signature song Dodeka. The album reached gold status.
 Soulful is the 2003 debut album from second-season American Idol winner Ruben Studdard.
 Bad Sneakers and a Piña Colada is the second full-length album by Swedish sleaze rock band Hardcore Superstar released by the Music for Nations record label. It was the first album to be released internationally and usually considered the first full-length album in general. The title was lifted from the jazz-rock band Steely Dan's song Bad Sneakers.
 Au moment d'être à vous is francophone Canadian pop singer Isabelle Boulay's second live album released in September 2002. It achieved a great success in Belgium (Wallonia) France and Switzerland where it reached the top ten. It also stayed for 57 weeks on the French Albums Chart and was certified Platinum by the SNEP.This album is composed of Boulay's songs from her previous studio albums plus cover versions of songs by various French artists.
 To Memphis With Love is DVD/CD by American pop singer Cyndi Lauper released October 24 2011 (see 2011 in music). The DVD features her concert at The Warehouse Memphis United States.
 Gospel Trails is the sixth Sons of the San Joaquin album and the first distributed by Western Jubilee Recording Company/Shanachie.
 Much Afraid is the second album of Christian band Jars of Clay. It was released in 1997 by Essential Records.Much Afraid was highly anticipated after the success of the band's first album but due to a noticeable stylistic shift the album was not as well received. Despite debuting at #8 on the Billboard 200 chart (the group's eponymous debut had failed to reach the Top 40) it quickly slid down the chart its sales failing to match those of its predecessor.
 Wrapped in a Dream is the twenty-eighth album by Spyro Gyra recorded and released in 2006. The album cover shows a shadow of two people (man and woman) dancing together.
 The Beautiful Mistake is an eponymous EP by The Beautiful Mistake. It was first released in 2001 as the December EP rerecorded in 2002 when the band signed with Sidecho Records and rerecorded again in 2003 due to the low quality of the previous recording.
 It's Love is a 1955 studio album by Lena Horne released by RCA Victor in monophonic in 1955 Horne's debut album for the company and her first complete studio album. Lena Horne's previous album releases from RCA Victor and Black & White Records were collections of 78rpm singles issued as sets of three of four singles with the introduction of the 33.3rpm album by Columbia in 1948 this format soon became obsolete. Re-issued on CD twice in mono sound.
 Aereo-Plain is American musician John Hartford's groundbreaking bluegrass album released in 1971. It reached number 193 on the The Billboard 200 chart.
 Suicaine Gratifaction is the third solo album from former The Replacements leader Paul Westerberg.Co-producer Don Was had admired Westerberg for years. He used Westerberg's solo debut 14 Songs as daily inspiration while producing the Rolling Stones' Voodoo Lounge.
 Respect Me is the second independent album (fifth overall) by rapper Lil' Flip. This album is described by Lil' Flip as the album before the album. Guest appearances for the album include Eden Kokane Jay Townsend Ceven & Bobby Moon. A video for Da #1 Fly Boy was released on October 30 2009.
 Living Black! is a live album by organist Charles Earland which was recorded in New Jersey 1970 and released on the Prestige label.
 Here I Am is the third studio album by American recording artist Kelly Rowland released through Universal Motown (Universal Music) on July 22 2011. The album is Rowland's first release since parting ways with her long-time manager Matthew Knowles and record label Columbia Records. Here I Am is predominately a R&B and pop album with subtle influences of dance. It follows Rowland's assertion that no one puts her in a box with common themes around womanhood sexual intimacy and love.
 On Stage is a double live album originally released by the British hard rock band Rainbow in 1977. It was recorded live over several German and Japanese dates in late 1976 during the Rising world tour.
 Make a Sound is the major label debut and final album of American punk band Autopilot Off. It was released on April 13 2004 (see 2004 in music) through Island Records. Make a Sound was produced by then Sum 41 producer and manager Greig Nori.
 Thuppakki (English: The Gun) is the soundtrack album composed by Harris Jayaraj for the 2012 Indian film of the same name.
 Dancemania 5 is the fifth set in the Dancemania series of dance music compilation albums released in 1997 by EMI Music Japan.The album debuted at #16 on Oricon's weekly album chart in May 1997 and reached #5 the next week appearing on the yearly best-selling album chart at #98 in 1997 with 227310 copies sold along with its predecessor 4 which ranked #92.
 Sumi-e (Sumi-e Toshiko Akiyoshi - Lew Tabackin Big Band '79) was the seventh studio recording released by the Toshiko Akiyoshi – Lew Tabackin Big Band. Not to be confused with the 1971 Toshiko Akiyoshi Quartet release Sumie / The Personal Aspect in Jazz. Sumi-e (すみ絵) refers to an East Asian style of brush painting.
 Last Summer is the first solo album released by American indie pop musician Eleanor Friedberger most notable for being vocalist in the band The Fiery Furnaces with her brother Matthew Friedberger. The album was released on 12th July 2011 on the Merge Records record label. The album was announced as being in the making in April 2011 and released on July 12 2011. Last Summer currently holds a 79 out of 100 rating on Metacritic.
 The Power Out is the second album by English rock group Electrelane. It was released on compact disc and vinyl in 2004 by Too Pure. It was recorded in Chicago Illinois in early 2003 by Steve Albini. The album's lead single On Parade was a hit on college radio. The album did not receive mainstream commercial success despite receiving mostly positive critical reviews.
 We Are All Sluts of Trust is the debut album from Scottish rock duo Sluts of Trust. It was released in Europe on April 26 on Chemikal Underground Records and the US in May 2004 via the New York-based Megaforce Records. The album was recorded between 2003 and 2004 at the Chem19 studio in Hamilton and produced by Paul Savage of The Delgados. It includes the lead tracks from their earlier two singles Piece O' You and Leave You Wanting More.The cover art is Thomas Barwick's The Jagged Orbit.
 Doombound is the sixth album by the Finnish heavy metal band Battlelore released on January 26 2011. A digipak version including the CD a bonus DVD and a poster is available at Napalm Records website which also released a sample for the song Kärmessurma.[1]According to the band's blog:
 Into the Moon is a studio album by New Zealand band The Puddle released in 1992.
 Friday Night Lights is the third official mixtape from Fayetteville North Carolina rapper J. Cole. It was released on 12 November 2010. The mixtape was to originally be called Villematic and contain J. Cole's previous leaks and freestyles however J. Cole later stated it would have original material. The mixtape became the second most searched and trending topics on Google and Twitter respectively following its release.
 The Colour and the Shape is the second studio album by American rock band Foo Fighters. Produced by Gil Norton it was released through Capitol Records and the group's own Roswell Records on May 20 1997. The record is the debut of the Foo Fighters as a group as the band's previous record Foo Fighters (1995) was primarily recorded by frontman Dave Grohl and friend Barrett Jones as a demo.
 Collection is an album by Thee Michelle Gun Elephant released in 2001.This release was for North America only. Around the same time in Japan the band released 'TMGE 106' which contained similar (although not identical) tracks.
 Between the Times and the Tides is the ninth studio album by the American alternative rock musician Lee Ranaldo released on March 20 2012 on Matador Records. His first release on Matador Records and since Sonic Youth's indefinite hiatus the album features a more straightforward songwriting approach to his prior material and includes guest musicians such as Nels Cline John Medeski and Leah Singer.
 Ausgeflippt is industrial rock duo Hanzel und Gretyl's debut full-length album released on October 10 1995 on Energy Records. Much like their second full-length album Transmissions from Uranus this album is mostly techno-industrial unlike later releases. The album featured mostly German and English lyrics but also featured lyrics in Romanian (Apa Mare) Greek (Galaxia Malakia) and French (L'Experience des Difficultés Technique).
 Journey is the debut album released by Verity and her band Verity and the Shades.
 Godlike Snake is the first album by the Italian experimental metal band Ufomammut released in 2000 by Beard Of Stars label.
 Temple of the Dog is the only studio album by the American rock band Temple of the Dog released on April 16 1991 through A&M Records. The album is a tribute to Andrew Wood the former lead singer of Malfunkshun and Mother Love Bone. Wood died on March 19 1990 of a heroin overdose. The album has been certified platinum by the RIAA in the United States.
 Un Poco Loco is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson recorded in 1979 and released on the Columbia label. The album was Hutcherson's last for Columbia.
 Attack of the Killer B's is a compilation album of B-sides covers and rarities by the thrash metal band Anthrax. The album was released in June 1991 by Megaforce Worldwide/Island Entertainment. The B's in the album's the title refers to b-sides previously unreleased and compiled for a single release. In 1992 the album was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category Best Metal Performance. As of 2006 Attack of the Killer B's had sold over 617000 copies in the U.S.
 Different Strokes is the fourth album by the Louisville Kentucky group The Nite-Liters the instrumental ensemble offshoot of New Birth. Released in 1972 on RCA Records. Produced by mentor Harvey Fuqua.
 Message to Our Folks is a 1969 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Paris for the French BYG Actuel label. It features performances by Lester Bowie Joseph Jarman Roscoe Mitchell and Malachi Favors Maghostut.
 Steel Wheels is the 19th British and 21st American studio album by The Rolling Stones released in 1989.Heralded as a major comeback upon its release the project is notable for the patching up of Mick Jagger and Keith Richards' relationship a reversion to a more classic style of music and the launching of the band's biggest world tour at the time.
 Burn Burn is the seventh studio album by Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace released in North America on July 21 2009. The album's title is based on a quote by Jack Kerouac from his 1957 novel On the Road.The album recorded at vocalist Raine Maida's home studio in Los Angeles between 2007 and 2009 was released independent of any major label under the band's longtime management company Coalition Entertainment.
 Impossible Dream is Patty Griffin’s fifth commercially released album and fourth studio album. It was released on April 20 2004. The album features an unlisted song – Griffin’s mother and father singing “The Impossible Dream” – at the end of “Top of the World.”Impossible Dream reached a peak of number 67 on the Billboard 200 chart selling 16000 copies in the United States in its first week.
 She Was Only a Grocer's Daughter was the third album from British band The Blow Monkeys originally released in 1987.The album title was a reference to the then-Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Margaret Thatcher whose Conservative government was unpopular with left wing pro-Labour Party music acts of the 1980s (including The Blow Monkeys) some of whom joined the Red Wedge movement as part of their political activism.Some titles and lyrics on this album reflected the dissatisfaction of Dr Robert and The Blow Monkeys with the then political situation in the UK. 
 Ed avevamo gli occhi troppo belli (And We Had Too Beautiful Eyes) is live album by Italian singer-songwriter Fabrizio De André. It was released in 2001 by A/Rivista Anarchica an Italian anarchist magazine of which De André was a reader and supporter. It mainly consists of recordings of short speeches which the singer used to make during his concerts.
 Snowflake Midnight is the seventh studio album from Mercury Rev. It was released on September 29 2008 in the UK and September 30 in the US.Made available on the same day from the band's website was a companion album Strange Attractor. This eleven-track instrumental album was given away free as an MP3 download. The vinyl edition of Snowflake Midnight includes the Strange Attractor album as a bonus LP.
 Harmony is the second studio album by Catholic group The Priests. It was released in 2009 on RCA Records.
 Streetlife is the debut album by Australian rock group Geeza. It was released in mid-1977 by Laser Records / RCA Records and was produced by Mario Millo. The first single 'Run 'n' Hide' peaked at number 56 on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart while the second single 'Song to Warilla' failed to chart.
 Story Like a Scar is an album by The New Amsterdams released on March 21 2006.
 for the episode of The Avengers see Dance with Death (The Avengers)
 1983 The Hot Ones was a various artists hits compilation album released in Australia in 1983 by Festival Records. The album spent four weeks at the top of the Australian album charts in 1983.
 Fairies is the 1st album by the Japanese girl group Fairies. It was released in Japan on the label Sonic Groove on March 26 2014.
 Heitor TP is the first compact disc studio solo album by the Brazilian musician Heitor Pereira released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).
 Seitsemäs sinetti (2003) is an album by the Finnish rock group Absoluuttinen Nollapiste.
 Ven Conmigo (English: Come With Me) is the second studio album by Tejano singer Selena y Los Dinos. The album includes a musical variety of rancheras cumbias ballads and pop.A.B. Quintanilla the producer enlisted the participation of David Lee Garza an accordion player for the title track Ven Conmigo. The group recorded La Tracalera a cover version of a song by the original Dinos and Aunque No Salga el Sol in 1984. The song Baila Esta Cumbia was an instant success in the U.S.
 This article describes an album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 41 or Now 41 was released in October 2005. The album is the 41st edition of the South African Now! series.
 Everyday Process: The Process of Illumination & Elimination is the first solo album by Christian hip hop group Everyday Process. It was released by Cross Movement Records on 20 March 2007. The album was CMR's first release in 2007.
 Incognito is the eighth French-language studio album by Canadian singer Celine Dion released by CBS Records on 2 April 1987 in Quebec Canada. It features eight songs produced by Jean-Alain Roussel Aldo Nova and Pierre Bazinet.
 Contact from the Underworld of Redboy is an album by Robbie Robertson that was released in 1998 by Capitol Records. The album is composed of music inspired by Native American music (including traditional Native American songs and chants) as well as modern rock trip-hop and electronica often integrated together and features many guest artists.
 Water Sphere is the second LP from the band Pilotdrift. It features remastered versions of tracks from their debut album Iter Facere as well as four previously unreleased songs.
 Consumed is the third studio album by the Canadian electronic music artist Richie Hawtin as Plastikman. The album is an exploration of Plastikman's ambient side and features none of the frantic Detroit techno experiments he was chiefly renowned for at the time. According to Hawtin 'Consumed' was designed as an exploration of the idea of sonic space inspired by the vast expanses of Michigan's and Ontario's plains.
 Prophecies of Beautiful Regression is the fourth studio album from The Deadweights released August 4 1987 on Slash Records. The album was re-released on CD in 1990.
 Born into the 90's is R. Kelly's debut studio album with his back-up group Public Announcement. Released in January 1992 the album became an R&B hit with the success of singles such as She's Got That Vibe (the album's biggest hit in the UK at #3) Dedicated and Kelly's first two #1 R&B hits: Honey Love and Slow Dance (Hey Mr. DJ). Honey Love topped the Billboard R&B Singles chart for 2 weeks while She's Got That Vibe and Slow Dance (Hey Mr DJ) hit the Top 40 respectively.
 Believe It is the first album by The New Tony Williams Lifetime released in 1975 on Columbia Records. The New Lifetime was a jazz fusion band formed by the drummer Tony Williams with Allan Holdsworth on guitar Alan Pasqua on keyboards and Tony Newton on bass.
 Grand Union is the fifth studio album from the band Firebird which was formed by Carcass guitarist Bill Steer with drummer Ludwig Witt. It was released in 2009 on Rise Above Records.
 Vancouver Complication is a compilation album featuring many influential Vancouver punk bands. It was released in 1979 and has been reissued a number of times with several different cover designs.
 A Hundred Times or More is Phosphorescent's debut album. The LP was released via Athens Georgia-based label Warm Records. It was released on August 19 2003.
 During Wartime... Again! (1999) is the Teno's remix and the 10th anniversary re-release of the SCH's album During Wartime from 1989. The release contains 8 bonus tracks mostly remixes of the earlier both previously released and unreleased SCH work.
 Cold Fact is the debut album from American singer-songwriter Rodriguez. It was released in the United States on the Sussex label in March 1970. The album sold very poorly in the United States (Rodriguez was himself an unknown in the U.S.) but managed to sell well in both South Africa and Australia and Rodriguez toured 1979 in Australia.In 1971 the album was released in South Africa by A&M Records who were by then the owners of the Sussex label.
 En Vivo Vol. 2 (Eng.: Live Volume 2) is the second live album released by Marco Antonio Solís from El Teatro de Bellas Artes Puerto Rico on October 8 2001.
 Enlightened is a 2007 album by Dynamic Duo. This is Dynamic Duo's third album and was released on Compact Disc. This album features many guest artists including YDG Kero One and Brown Eye Soul's Na Ul among others.
 We Hear of Love of Youth and of Disillusionment is a Daytrotter session recorded at the first Moogfest in Asheville North Carolina. It contains a cover of Only a Shadow a song originally performed by The Cleaners from Venus.
 Remember Me is an album by jazz musician Frank Strozier recorded in 1976 for SteepleChase Records.
 The Concretes is the debut self-titled album by the Swedish band The Concretes first released in Sweden in 2003 and released internationally in 2004. The album charted at #89 on the UK Album Chart.
 Did Tomorrow Come... is the third and last album from Polish gothic metal band Sirrah though it was their second official release. It was released in 1997. Though the original title is Did Tomorrow Come... the title of the releases outside of Poland were changed to Will Tomorrow Come? by Music for Nations which completely changed its meaning.
 Coleman Hawkins All Stars is an album by saxophonist Coleman Hawkins featuring trumpeter Joe Thomas and trombonist Vic Dickenson which was recorded in 1960 and released on the Swingville label.
 One Hour Mama is the first album by Lavay Smith & Her Red Hot Skillet Lickers.
 Kitten Licks is an album by Australian band Screamfeeder.
 Joe Cocker! is a 1969 album by Joe Cocker his second. Following the template of his first LP this album features numerous covers of songs originally performed by Bob Dylan The Beatles Leonard Cohen and future touring partner Leon Russell. Cocker co-wrote one song That's Your Business Now with Chris Stainton.
 Hot & Cool Latin is a compilation album credited to Eric Dolphy released by Blue Moon Records in 1996. The first eight tracks of the album consist of the final recordings Dolphy made with prior bandleader Chico Hamilton as part of his quintet. The remaining seven tracks are recordings made with the Latin Jazz Quintet.
 Transitions is the fourth album by Swedish rock duo Johnossi. It was released on March 20 2013.
 Forever... The EP is an EP containing several international bonus tracks from Lisa Left Eye Lopes's remix/studio album Eye Legacy. It was released to eMusic and is available from iTunes in Australia.
 Borderline is the ninth album by Ry Cooder and was released in 1980 by the Warner Bros.
 Izgoy (Изгой Exile) - is a studio album by Alisa released in 2005 by Real Records. Outcast was the first album made by a new line up (with Igor Romanov (lead guitar) and Andrey Vdovichenko (drums)). A single Blue Border (Синий предел Siniy Predel) preceded the album. The band released three video clips for the songs from the album: Rock-n-Roll Cross (Рок-н-ролл крест) The Brutes (Звери) and Baptism (Крещение).
 MaMaSé! is the tenth studio album by the Flemish-Dutch girlgroup K3. The album is the first K3 album released featuring the new line-up: with Josje Huisman who was found via a television contest called K2 zoekt K3 instead of Kathleen Aerts who had left the group in March 2009. It was released on 20 November 2009 through label Studio 100.The album contains two CDs.
 Due to High Expectations... The Flaming Lips are Providing Needles for Your Balloons (usually referred to as Providing Needles for Your Balloons) is a compilation EP released by the American rock group The Flaming Lips in 1994.According to the band's website it was released because there had been new albums in 1992 and 1993 but there would not be in 1994 thus the fans were expecting new Lips material.
 Hot & Wet is the fourth studio album by R&B group 112. The album followed the successful Part III album (which featured the hit single Peaches & Cream) with the club tracks Na Na Na Na and Hot & Wet which was produced by Stevie J. It was also their first album not exclusively associated with Bad Boy Records signalling the groups' eventual departure from the label in 2004.
 A low budget release centered around the title track which was a Top Twenty hit for Lou Reed in 1973.
 Metallic Assault: A Tribute to Metallica is a tribute album to thrash metal band Metallica. The album features Metallica covers played not by formal bands but collaborations between musicians from several bands. Songs from Kill 'Em All all the way to Metallica with the exception of ...And Justice For All are featured.
 Pop Princesses 2009 is a compilation album featuring pop singles from female artists a sequel to the earlier Pop Princesses album. The songs date from between 2006 and early 2009. All of these songs have made it into the UK Singles Chart except Free. There are a few debut singles Free by artist Dani Harmer Just Dance by Lady Gaga and Sweet About Me by Gabriella Climi. The singles released in Pop Princesses 2009 are as followed:
 The Very Best of Tom Fogerty is a compilation of various material from rock musician Tom Fogerty's solo career. It was released July 27 1999 on the Varèse Sarabande label.
 Holy Smoke is the fourth solo studio album by English musician Peter Murphy. It was released on 14 April 1992 through Beggars Banquet Records. Produced by Mike Thorne tha album features contributions from Alison Limerick Jonathan Carney Audrey Riley and The Hundred Man his backing band since 1988's Love Hysteria album.Although the album couldn't meet with the commercial success of its predecessor Deep (1990) it peaked at number 108 on Billboard 200 chart.
 The 30th Annual John Lennon Tribute: Live from the Beacon Theatre NYC is a compilation tribute album to John Lennon by various artists released in November 2011. Proceeds from the album benefit the Japanese Red Cross.
 Air Supply Greatest Hits is a 1983 greatest hits release by soft rock group Air Supply.The Jim Steinman-produced track Making Love Out of Nothing at All was released as a single and became Air Supply's last top 10 hit in the United States at #2 on the Billboard Hot 100. The Album sold 7 million copies in United States.
 Diaspora is the debut album by Belgian singer Natacha Atlas. It was released by Nation Records in March 1995.
 Lifelong Ambitions is a live album by American jazz violinist Leroy Jenkins recorded in 1977 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 Ten on One (The Singles) is the first Greatest Hits album from German singer Sandra released in 1987.Two singles were released for this compilation. This compilation includes songs from Sandra's debut studio album The Long Play (1985) and her second studio album Mirrors (1986). It was produced by Michael Cretu and Armand Volker.
 Charge!! is the fourth studio album by American rock band The Aquabats released on June 7 2005 by Nitro Records.After spending nearly six years in partial hiatus Charge!! was The Aquabats' first studio album to showcase the band's radical shift in structure and sound featuring a reduced five-member line-up and a reinvented musical style of New Wave-influenced rock music.
 Adio Heimona (Greek: Αντίο Χειμώνα; English: Goodbye winter) is the 19th studio album by Greek singer-songwriter and record producer Nikos Karvelas released by Legend Recordings in February 2009.
 Switchfoot: Live – EP is a live EP from San Diego rock band Switchfoot. It was released on the online music services iTunes and Rhapsody and features songs recorded live at Soma in San Diego. Additionally these songs along with the rest of the setlist at the show were released on the DVD Live in San Diego. An alternative version of this EP featuring the track Ammunition was available on iTunes for several months although it was deleted shortly after the official version was added.
 Beyond All Sense 2005 is Destiny's sixth album released in 2005 on CD only.This is a re-recorded version of Destiny’s very first album Beyond All Sense released in March 1985. The original album was only released in Sweden in a limited number of 2000 copies and only on vinyl. Most of the music was written by Magnus Österman co-founder and original guitarist of Destiny and John Prodén also an original guitarist.
 Butterfly is the second of two simultaneous releases (along with Caterpillar) by The Tokey Tones released by Lil' Chief Records in 2003. The cover art for both albums was designed by noted Auckland artist Tanya Thompson otherwise known as Misery.
 Sun Creature is the 2nd EP by Stoner rock band Nebula. The album is compared to Fu Manchu's Eatin' Dust (also released on Man's Ruin) stating that there are many similarities in the sound and energy of it. Some CD copies of the EP contain a nine-minute bonus track entitled Fly On. A shortened re-mixed copy of the song can be heard on Dos EPs compilation. It is out of print.
 Younique is the second full-length Superior studio album released in May 1998.The music of the album is characterized by heavy guitar riffing diverse keyboard arrangements and sounds very complex and individual instrumentation acoustic guitars sitar-sounds brass arrangements and saxophone solos. The influences can be tracked from Latin music funk classical music and jazz.
 Make Love to Me was an LP album by Julie London released by Liberty Records under catalog number LRP-3060 as a monophonic recording in 1957 and later in stereo under catalog number LST-7060 in 1959.The album was reissued combined with the 1956 Julie London album Lonely Girl in compact disc form on January 28 2003 by EMI.
 Venus is the first album by We Are The Fury. It was released on May 22 2007.
 How to Be a Lady: Volume 1 is the debut album of American R&B group Electrik Red released May 26 2009 on Radio Killa and Def Jam Recordings. Production and songwriting for the album was handled primarily by The-Dream and Christopher Tricky Stewart. Primarily an R&B album it incorporates musical elements of electropop and hip hop and contains lyrics concerning sexual and gender-related themes. The album debuted at number 100 on the U.S.
 AkustiChrisye is a 1996 studio album by the Indonesian singer Chrisye which was produced by Erwin Gutawa. It includes acoustic versions of several of his earlier songs as well as new material.
 F.A.M.E. is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Chris Brown first released on March 18 2011 by Jive Records. Brown worked with several record producers and songwriters for the album including Kevin McCall Jean-Baptiste Brian Kennedy DJ Frank E The Underdogs and The Messengers among others.
 Funkafied is the fourth album by MC Breed. It was released on June 7 1994 for Wrap Records and was produced by MC Breed DJ Flash Brett Ski and The Hurra. Funkafied was Breed's most successful album chart wise peaking at #106 on the Billboard 200 and #9 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. One single from the album made it to the charts Late Night Creep (Booty Call) peaked at #43 on the Hot Rap Singles.
 Fabric 20 is a DJ mix compilation album by John Digweed as part of the Fabric Mix Series. It was whittled down from a five hour set based on Digweed's time at Fabric.
 Church Clothes 2 officially Church Clothes Vol. 2 is the second mixtape by Christian hip hop artist Lecrae released on November 7 2013 by Reach Records. Hosted by Don Cannon it follows Lecrae's previous mixtape Church Clothes and Grammy Award-winning full-length album Gravity both of which came out in 2012. Two versions of the album were released a free version with host Don Cannon and a commercial version off iTunes without the DJ.
 Destiny is a music album of GMA Network talent Jolina Magdangal. It was released under GMA Records.
 The Smoakstack Sessions is the debut extended play by American pop rock singer Kelly Clarkson. It was released as a companion EP with her fifth studio album Stronger that are available exclusively on her official music store. It consists of acoustic performances of select album tracks as well as If I Can't Have You from All I Ever Wanted (2009) and a cover version of Bonnie Raitt's I Can't Make You Love Me; all of which are recorded at the Smoakstack Studios in Nashville Tennessee.
 Jintara Poonlarp 7 is a luk thung and mor lam album by the Thai singer Jintara Poonlarp. First released on the Grammy Entertainment label it was the 7th album in her first series of recordings and her 7th original album.
 Nina Simone at the Village Gate (1962) is an album by singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone (1933-2003). It was her third live album for Colpix recorded at The Village Gate. It is particularly notable for the amount of folk songs and African related songs on the album early in Simone's career. Richard Pryor had one of his first nights as a comedian opening for her. Simone about Pryor's first night: He shook like he had malaria he was so nervous.
 Physical Therapy is the self-titled debut of Jazz fusion band Physical Therapy and features eleven tracks. The title track was used in late 1998 for The Weather Channel's local forecast segment. Played Me is the only song on the album to feature vocals. Within the liner notes Physical Therapy boasts that no drum machines or music sequencers were used. The title track was used on The Weather Channel as part of its Local on the 8's local forecast program.
 Under the Blade is the debut studio album by American heavy metal band Twisted Sister released on Secret Records on September 18 1982. It featured a very brutal and rough sound which was eventually totally ignored on a remixed re-release by Atlantic Records on July 14 1985.[citation needed] The re-release also added a remixed version of the song I'll Never Grow Up Now.
 601 To The 615 is a mixtape by rappers Young Buck & Boo Rossini hosted by DJ D.A. and Bigga Rankin. The mixtape features exclusive tracks and freestyles from Boo Rossini & Young Buck. Guest appearances include Young Jeezy Slick Pulla Young Breed Yo Gotti Lil Wayne and more.
 Forever or Whatever is the second album by Intercooler. It was released on 24 February 2007. The album was produced by Magoo and Intercooler recorded and mixed at Black Box Recording and mastered by William Bowden at King Willy Sound.
 Talk Talk Talk is the second studio album by the English rock band The Psychedelic Furs. It was released in 1981 on Columbia Records. It was reissued with bonus tracks in 2002 by Columbia/Legacy.The 1986 John Hughes film Pretty in Pink was inspired by and named for the song of the same name from this album. The song itself was re-recorded for the film by the Furs' 1984–85 line-up—Richard and Tim Butler John Ashton and drummer Keith Forsey (and also featured Mars Williams on saxophone).
 Smokin' is the fifth studio album by the English group Humble Pie released in 1972. The album peaked at #6 on the U.S. Billboard 200 album chart and hit the UK Top 30.
 Tender Buttons is the third studio album by the British indie electronic band Broadcast. It was released by Warp Records on September 19 2005 in the UK one day later in the United States. The album marks a turn in the band's sound featuring a stark almost frigid aesthetic bearing similarities to the sound of the Young Marble Giants an early 1980s British minimalist post-punk band. The eleventh track was named Minus 3 due to the third loss of a member from the band.
 Sweet Trade is a 2007 album by The Poodles.[1]
 Welcome To The Freakshow is a 2001 album by the Red Elvises.
 Animals Should Not Try to Act Like People is a career-spanning retrospective DVD plus bonus EP by American band Primus released on October 7 2003. The title was inspired by a crayon-made story book written by guitarist Larry LaLonde's son and the cover depicts a sculpture made by long-time Primus collaborator Lance Link Montoya.
 In the Pocket is a 1980 in-studio album by American pop singer Neil Sedaka. In America it marked his third album on the Elektra label. Elsewhere around the world it was released on the Polydor label.
 Hindsight 21-20: Anthology 1975-1995 is an album by American singer-songwriter Guy Clark released in 2007.This compilation is the first multi-label anthology of Clark's career issued by the Australian label Raven Records.
 Ghost Nation is the sixth studio album by Australian rock band Hunters & Collectors. It was co-produced by the band with Clive Martin and issued on White/Mushroom Records on 27 November 1989. It reached No. 10 on the ARIA Albums Chart No. 29 in New Zealand and No. 31 in Sweden.The album helped Hunters & Collectors win the award of Australian Band of the Year (1990) by Rolling Stone Australia.
 Family Tradition is an album released by country music artist Hank Williams Jr. It was released in April 1979 by Curb Records his third studio album for the label.
 Lento Violento ...e altre storie is a double CD album by Gigi D'Agostino released on April 27th 2007.
 The Cream & The Crock is a best-of compilation album by Australian rock band You Am I released in 2003 featuring singles and choice album tracks from their albums up to and including Deliverance.
 Vägen hem till dej is a 1991 studio album from Swedish pop and country singer Kikki Danielsson.
 The Energy of Sound is a 1998 album created by Trance Atlantic Air Waves a side project of Michael Cretu. Cretu worked alongside Jens Gad during the recording of the album. Out of the ten songs in the album only three were original as the rest were all cover versions.
 Flogging a Dead Horse is a compilation album of singles by the Sex Pistols released after their break-up and includes the four songs issued as singles A-sides that were included on Never Mind the Bollocks Here's the Sex Pistols three of their B-sides and the six A-sides taken from The Great Rock 'n' Roll Swindle and one B-side My Way.By the time the record was released the group was finished as a musical unit: the Sex Pistols consisted only of manager Malcolm McLaren and designer Jamie Reid. 
 Los Amigos del Beta Bandidos (Translated to 'The Friends of the Beta Bandits' in English) is the third release by The Beta Band released in 1998. All the tracks from the EP were later included on the compilation The Three E.P.'s along with Champion Versions and The Patty Patty Sound.Los Amigos del Beta Bandidos along with the other two original E.P.s from The Beta Band long out of print on vinyl were re-issued as part of Record Store Day 2013.
 Alpha Noir / Omega White is the tenth full-length album by the Portuguese gothic metal band Moonspell released on April 27 2012. It is the band's first double album.The band's press release cited Bathory King Diamond Onslaught early Metallica Testament and Artillery as influences for Alpha Noir which was described as an incendiary album.
 Pure II is Maksim Mrvica's fifth international album release. It was released on 26 February 2008.
 Tony Makes It Happen is an album by American singer Tony Bennett originally released in 1967 on Columbia as CL 2653.
 63 is Tree63's second album.
 Live at the Apollo is a live album by James Brown and the Famous Flames recorded at the Apollo Theater in Harlem and released in 1963. In 2003 the album was ranked number 25 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. In 2004 it was one of 50 recordings chosen that year by the Library of Congress to be added to the National Recording Registry.
 Lawbreaker is the second album by heavy metal band Metal Law.
 Explosive Mode is a studio album by San Quinn and Messy Marv. It is the first installment in the three album series which did well through independent sales and is considered a Bay Area classic in the late '90s.
 The Most Exciting Organ Ever is the first album by Billy Preston. The fully instrumental album was released in 1965 several weeks before Preston's nineteenth birthday. Extra songs recorded during the sessions of The Most Exciting Organ Ever were released in the next album.
 Carl Wilson is the self-titled debut solo album of The Beach Boys band member Carl Wilson. The youngest of the three Wilson brothers in the band Carl Wilson was reportedly at this time unhappy with the progress being made by The Beach Boys creatively. So Carl just as his brother Dennis had a few years earlier signed a contract with James William Guercio's CBS-distributed Caribou Records. The album was released on March 27 1981 and peaked at number 185 on the Billboard 200.
 Smokefree RockQuest 2005 is a compilation album featuring the finalists from the 2005 high school battle of the bands Rockquest held annually in New Zealand. This event was held in the Wellington Town Hall on Saturday 3 September 2005.The judges of this year's event were Anika Moa Willy McAlistair from The Edge Tania Deans from NZ on Air Matt Headland from Warner Music and music producer Malcolm WelsfordThe Electric Confectionaires won the 2005 Smokefreerockquest.
 Gold released on November 14 2008 is Swedish singer September's first compilation album for her domestic market. The album includes songs from her second and third albums In Orbit and Dancing Shoes respectively. Because I Love You was released as a promotional single for the album on November 26 2008 and serves as the album's only single.
 I Want You is a solo album by Booker T. Jones released in 1981.
 Ahoora is the debut album by the Iranian alternative rock band Ahoora released illegally inside Iran on February 13 2006.The album was later re-released by Real2Can appearing on iTunes in 2007 and on Amazon by 2008.
 Cruel Sister the first album by English folk group Rachel Unthank and the Winterset was launched on 11 May 2005 at Holmfirth Folk Festival.[1] It received support from a number of DJs on BBC Radio 2 and was subsequently awarded Folk Album of the Year by MOJO magazine.
 Enthrone Darkness Triumphant is the third studio album by Norwegian black metal band Dimmu Borgir released on 30 May 1997 through Nuclear Blast Records. It was the band's first release through Nuclear Blast as well as their first full-length release to contain lyrics in English. It is also the first Dimmu Borgir album to feature bass guitarist Nagash.
 Musta Lindu (re-released as Black Bird) is Värttinä's 2nd album released in 1989 by Olarin Musiikki. Like their first album it is mostly traditional Karelian and Finnish folk songs with 15 girls singing and playing kantele and 6 young men on acoustic instruments.In 1998 the album was re-released under the title Black Bird by Finlandia Innovators.
 Pullhair Rubeye is the first album released by Animal Collective member Avey Tare (David Portner) and his then-wife Kría Brekkan (Kristín Anna Valtýsdóttir formerly of múm). The album was released April 24 2007 in CD LP and digital formats. The songs were written in August 2005 in Paris recorded with guitars and piano on an eight-track during 2006 in their practice space in Brooklyn and later mixed down on a borrowed two track.
 O Holy Night is an album by American country music artist John Berry. It was released by Patriot Records on September 26 1995. The album peaked at number 21 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 The Grapes of Life is the 1987 studio album by the noted and influential British Folk guitarist singer and songwriter Wizz Jones.
 Feasting on Blood is the debut album by the brutal death metal band Severe Torture released by Hammerheart Records on October 9 2000.A digipack version of this album was also released which included two bonus tracks from the Lambs of a God 7 inch EP and a CD-ROM video.
 Foros Timis Ston Greco (Φόρος Τιμής Στον Γκρέκο lit. A Tribute to El Greco) is a classical album by Greek electronic composer and artist Vangelis (as Vangelis Papathanassiou/Βαγγέλης Παπαθανασίου).
 An Irish Christmas is a music album by Irish musician Moya Brennan. According to Moya the idea for the album first came to her some time ago: I've been involved in number of other people's Christmas projects in recent years explains Moya but I wanted to capture a truly Celtic Christmas feeling. It's always important to bring the meaning of Christmas to the fore.
 Portals of Grace is the first solo release from Azam Ali. Prior to this album she had released music with the group VAS.
 Something Else Again is an album by American folk singer and guitarist Richie Havens released in January 1968. The track Run Shaker Life was based on a Shaker dance song by elder Issachar Bates and reworked from Havens' old band The Last Men who reunited for this recording. No Opportunity Necessary No Experience Needed was later reworked by Yes on their second album Time and a Word.
 Scandalous is the third album by British soul/dance group Imagination produced by Steve Jolley and Tony Swain and released in 1983. In US the album was issued under title New Dimension.Scandalous failed to repeat the success of Imagination's previous albums stalling at #25 in the United Kingdom and not producing a top 20 single. It marked the start of a decline in the group's commercial fortunes; subsequent albums were even less successful.
 Attera Orbis Terrarum – Part I is the first of the two-part Attera Orbis Terrarum series of live DVDs by Swedish black metal band Dark Funeral. As well as consisting of two shows recorded at Tilburg Netherlands and Paris France on the European leg of Dark Funeral's Attera Orbis Terrarum tour in 2006 it includes a recording of a concert in Katowice Poland in 2005 and various amateur footage such as that of the band's debut concert in the Metal Nights Festival in Oslo Norway in 1994.
 Everything is Shifting is a 2005 EP by Atlanta-based rock band Y-O-U. The record represented a striking change in the band's sound both lyrically and musically the latter change being inspired in part by the departure of two members Eric Park and Matt Sonnicksen in 2004.
 Old Blood is an album by Mayday released May 14 2002. The album was recorded in May and November 2001 at Presto! Recording Studios in Lincoln Nebraska. Mayday features the vocals and compositions of Lullaby for the Working Class frontman Ted Stevens. Ted is joined by the remaining Lullaby members including Mike and A.J.
 Angel Seed XXIII is the fourth album by Skrew released in October 21 1997 through Metal Blade Records.
 Searching for the Young Soul Rebels is the debut studio album by English pop group Dexys Midnight Runners released on July 11 1980 through EMI Records. Led by Kevin Rowland the group formed in 1978 in Birmingham England and formed a strong live reputation before recording their first material.
 Terria is the fifth solo album by Canadian musician Devin Townsend. The album was released in November 2001 on Townsend's label HevyDevy Records.
 Headstunts is The Datsuns' fourth studio album released on 6 October 2008. It was recorded in early 2008 in Sweden and was self-produced. It is the first album The Datsuns recorded with new drummer Ben Cole.The title of the album Headstunts is an anagram of the band's name.
 Blessed Be Our Ever After is the second full-length album by post-hardcore band Burden of a Day.
 Bloody Tourists was the sixth studio album by 10cc and the second to be produced following the band's 1976 split. It yielded the singles Dreadlock Holiday which reached No.1 in the UK in August 1978 and Reds in My Bed which did not chart. For You and I was issued as a double a-side single with I'm Not in Love in the autumn of 1979 but also didn't chart.
 So Happy is the second music album and fourth album overall by comedian/singer Eddie Murphy. The album was released in March 1989 for Columbia Records and was produced by Murphy Nile Rodgers and Larry Blackmon. It was not a critical or commercial success but still managed to reach #70 on the Billboard 200 and #22 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Volume 1 is the re-released and partially re-packed version of the first album by punk band Reagan Youth. Originally released in 1984 as Youth Anthems for the New Order the album recorded at High 5 Studios New York City from 1983-early 1984. Volume 1 contains three new tracks and several different takes of songs recorded during the Youth Anthems for the New Order sessions.
 Sing Loud Sing Proud! is the third studio album from Boston punk rock band the Dropkick Murphys. Before the album's release in 2001 guitarist Rick Barton left the band. He announced James Lynch of Boston punk band The Ducky Boys as his successor. As well as Lynch the band also recruited then 17-year-old Marc The Kid Orrell on lead guitar (he is also a self-taught accordionist).
 Hey Jupiter is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Tori Amos. It served as the fourth single from her album Boys For Pele and was Amos' first EP since 1992's Crucify. The Hey Jupiter EP features a remixed version of Hey Jupiter followed by 4 live tracks recorded during her Dew Drop Inn Tour of 1996. The song is also featured on the double-A CD singles released in the UK and Australia.
 Live at the Fillmore is the first live album by the American progressive/experimental rock band Dredg released in 2006. The live album contains songs from Dredg's three studio albums Leitmotif El Cielo and Catch Without Arms as well as the song Stone by Stone a b-side from Catch Without Arms. Chi Cheng was a special guest and played with the band.
 Demolished Thoughts is an acoustic rock album by American musician Thurston Moore. Mojo placed the album at number 18 on its list of Top 50 albums of 2011 while Uncut placed the album at number 23.
 Coast to Coast is the second studio album by Irish boy band Westlife. It was released on 6 November 2000 by RCA Records. Six hit singles were released from the album: Against All Odds My Love What Makes a Man I Lay My Love on You When You're Looking Like That and Uptown Girl. The album was a commercial success in both Ireland and the United Kingdom selling 1.8 million copies in Britain alone. The album was the third-best selling of 2000 in Britain.
 Through These Eyes is the debut solo album by Bryan Josh of Mostly Autumn fame. He plays all the instruments on the album except the drums and flute parts. Gavin Griffiths of Karnataka Panic Room and Mostly Autumn played most of the drums on the album with Henry Borne Mostly Autumn drummer during the 2008 shows playing drums on two of the tracks.
 Secret American Livingroom is the debut album from indie pop/rock band Dealership. The album was self-released by the band in 1998.The project originally began as a two-song single but it soon snowballed into an eight song EP.After the album's release it remained in the KALX Top 35 for eight weeks.
 Tokio Remix is the first remix album by Japanese band Tokio. It was released on March 8 1995. The album reached ninth place on the Oricon weekly chart and charted for five weeks.
 I'm a Stranger Too! is the title of the debut recording of Chris Smither. It was re-released on CD along with Don't It Drag On in 2002. Bonnie Raitt covered Love (Me) Like a Man on her second album Give It Up.
 708090 is a 1998 Yoshinori Sunahara album.
 Mamonama is the first studio album by the progressive rock band On the Rocks.
 Visa vid vindens ängar is the third studio album by the Belarusian-Norwegian artist Alexander Rybak it released on the 15th June 2011 in Norway. It has peaked to number 7 on the Norwegian Albums Chart.
 Exit Paradise is the fourth and final studio release by the San Francisco Bay area thrash metal band Epidemic. This was also the only recording where the band played as a four-piece group after the departure of guitarist Guy Higbey.The album features clear Death metal influences as marked by the use of distorted guitars and the change in Carl Fulli's vocal style.
 The Lost Crowes is a compilation album by American rock band The Black Crowes. The two-disc compilation comprises material composed and recorded during the Tall and Band sessions in 1993 and 1997 respectively.
 Live Session EP is a digital-only EP that was recorded and released by Jeremy Camp. The EP was recorded live in one take in a studio sessions setting with a full band. As the title suggests the album is available only through Apple's iTunes Store.
 Eternal Frost is the only EP of the American doom metal band Winter. The album was released in 1994 by Nuclear Blast Records. It was later re-issued by Nuclear Blast as a digipak with the album Into Darkness merged into one.
 The Swing Kings: A Tribute to Benny Goodman is a jazz tribute album co-led by Bucky Pizzarelli and Ray Kennedy dedicated to Benny Goodman released in 2005 by Victoria Records.
 Live is a jazz album by American singer Cassandra Wilson released in 1991.
 Battersea is an EP by the Belgian band Hooverphonic. It was released in 1998. The lead track was taken from the band's album Blue Wonder Power Milk. The remixed tracks however were from the band's previous effort A New Stereophonic Sound Spectacular (1996).
 Little Acts of Treason is an album released in 1995 by American country music singer Carlene Carter. Included is Loose Talk a duet with Carter's father country singer Carl Smith.
 Eskimo Snow is the third full-length studio album by American indie rock / alternative hip hop band Why?. It was released on September 22 2009 by Anticon. When asked to compare it to his previous albums Yoni Wolf described it as a bit more wild and the drums have more room mics. They're more open. The sound is more open more live ... This record Eskimo Snow is really the least hip-hop out of anything I've ever been involved with.
 Maid of Gold is the debut album from Canadian instrumental hip hop duo Villain Accelerate. It was released on Mush Records in 2003.
 The Moldy Peaches is the eponymous debut album by anti-folk band The Moldy Peaches. It was primarily recorded in a basement in Port Townsend Washington and was released in 2001. The album has the dubious distinction of being released in the U.S. on September 11 2001 the date of the attacks on the World Trade Center and coincidentally containing the song NYC's Like a Graveyard.The song Anyone Else but You was used in the Academy Award-winning 2007 film Juno.
 Without the Aid of a Safety Net is the first live album by the Scottish band Big Country released in 1994. It contains a portion of the tracks from a concert at The Barrowland Ballroom Glasgow and was recorded on 29 December 1993. The full concert was released in 2005 labelled as 2CD Expanded Edition: The Complete Concert. This version features eight tracks not on the original release.IN June 1994 the album peaked at No. 35 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Life Won't Wait is the fourth studio album by the American punk rock band Rancid. It was released on June 30 1998 through Epitaph Records. It was released as the follow-up to ...And Out Come the Wolves (1995).
 Ibiza '06 is a compilation album by German trance producer Markus Schulz.
 Best of SWV is a compilation album by the R&B group SWV released in 2001. The collection gathers the majority of SWV's hits as well as a few select album tracks. It is the group's third compilation album after Greatest Hits (RCA) and Greatest Hits (Simitar).
 Fatty Gets a Stylist titled Liberty Bell in the US is the first album by Australian band Fatty Gets a Stylist led by singer-songwriter Kate Miller-Heidke however in the USA it was released as Miller-Heidke's third solo album. Since its release in October of 2011 it has yielded two singles Are You Ready? which achieved popularity after its use in a New York Lottery campaign and on advertisements for the Seven Network in Australia and Holloway Park.
 Magicians Holiday is the debut album by The Gap Band in 1974 on Shelter Records.
 Cometary Orbital Drive to 2199 is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & the Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released by Nod and Smile in 2013 which includes thee new versions of Cometary Orbital Drive a song they often perform live.The album was released on CD and vinyl Double-LP with both formats limited to 500 copies each.
 Darryl Worley is the self-titled third studio album of country music singer Darryl Worley it was released on November 2 2004. Like his previous three albums it was released on the DreamWorks Records Nashville label. The lead-off single Awful Beautiful Life became Worley's third and final Number One hit on the Hot Country Songs charts. If Something Should Happen made Top Ten on the same chart while I Love Her She Hates Me peaked at #59.
 Clash on Broadway is a box set compilation album by the punk rock band The Clash released on Legacy Records in 1991 catalogue E3K 46991. It comprises 64 tracks on three compact discs spanning the time period from their very first single White Riot in 1977 through the Combat Rock album of 1982. It does not include material from the band's coda led by Joe Strummer and Paul Simonon resulting in the final album Cut the Crap. It was initially released in longbox form.
 Cage the Elephant is the debut album by the American rock band Cage the Elephant. The album was produced by Jay Joyce and released on 23 June 2008 in Europe via Relentless Records and on 24 March 2009 in the United States via RCA/Jive Label Group. The album has been certified gold by the RIAA on 5 June 2012 which means it has sold over 500000 units in the US alone.
 And in This Corner… is the third studio album released by MC/DJ duo DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince. The album was released in April 1989 reaching #39 on the US Billboard 200 albums chart. The album was not released on Compact Disc in the UK. However it was available on this format in most of Europe.
 B-Sides & Rarities is a compilation album by the alternative metal band Deftones. It consists of a CD and a DVD. While the CD brings a collection of previously released and unreleased b-sides with it the DVD contains multimedia from the band including a complete videography. It was released in 2005 through Maverick Records.
 Hypnotic Suggestion EP is the second EP by The Apples in Stereo. The album was released in 1994.The EP's four tracks were later re-released on 1996 compilation album Science Faire after the release of the band's debut full-length LP Fun Trick Noisemaker.
 Calling is Kobukuro's eighth album under Warner Music Japan released on August 5 2009. The song Sayonara Hero was written by Kentaro Kobuchi as a tribute to Kiyoshiro Imawano.
 Last Days at the Lodge is the third studio album by singer-songwriter Amos Lee released on June 24 2008 through Blue Note. The first single from the album Listen was made available as a digital download on the iTunes Store on April 29 2008.
 Clancy's Tavern is the fifteenth studio album by American country music artist Toby Keith. It was released on October 25 2011 via Show Dog-Universal Music. Lead-off single Made in America was released on June 13 2011 reaching number one on the country charts in October 2011. Clancy's Tavern draws its name from the title track which Keith wrote about his grandmother’s bar in Fort Smith Arkansas.
 A Letra A (The Letter A) is the fourth solo album released by Brazilian musician Nando Reis and the first one after his departure from Titãs where he sang and played the bass guitar. Mesmo Sozinho was previously recorded by Nando with Titãs on the album A Melhor Banda de Todos os Tempos da Última Semana the last to feature him and Luz dos Olhos was recorded live by Cássia Eller on her Acústico MTV album.
 Rock Solid Guitar is the seventh studio album by guitarist David T. Chastain. The last song on the album Hats Off to Angus and Malcolm is Chastain's tribute to the AC/DC brothers Angus and Malcolm Young.
 First Take is the debut album by the Jazz singer Roberta Flack. It was released in 1969 on Atlantic Records. After a track from this album The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face was included by Clint Eastwood in his 1971 film Play Misty for Me with the song becoming a #1 hit in the United States this album became #1 on the U.S. album chart.
 There are two CDs containing music for the anime series Fruits Basket Memory for You released in 2004 and Four Seasons (also known as Song for Ritsuko Okazaki) released in 2005 a year after Ritsuko Okazaki's death.
 Stealers Wheel is the debut 1972 album by the Scottish folk rock band Stealers Wheel.
 Jonah33 is the first album by Jonah33. It was released on June 24 2003 through Ardent Records.
 The ABBA Generation is the first A-Teens studio album consisting of well-known ABBA songs in modern and upbeat versions.Recorded in Sweden in early 1999 was released later that year internationally and in 2000 in the United States. It spawned 4 hit singles including the Swedish number-one Mamma Mia.The album was certified Platinum or Gold in 22 different territories around the world going on to sell almost 4 million copies.
 A Place on Earth: The Greatest Hits is the second greatest hits album by American singer Belinda Carlisle released in the UK on November 30 1999 by Virgin Records. A limited edition was released with a bonus disc featuring remixes and rare b-sides.
 Lolita Go Home is an album by Jane Birkin released in 1975. About half of the songs were written by Serge Gainsbourg (music) and Philippe Labro (words). The other half are old musical tunes.
 Blends & Remixes Of Someone Else is Ira Losco's first remix album. It was released in January 2005. Produced by Bridge Productions Blends & Remixes Of Someone Else is a collection of tracks from her previous album Someone Else remixed by top local DJs.Local famous DJs which contributed to this album are REN-D Simon Pisani DJ Ruby Owen Jay Miss Roberta Toby Hooligan and others.
 Beatfreak Bohemia is the second album by American electronic music artist Bassnectar then known as Lorin It was released in 2002 through Amorphous Music.
 ...smile's OK is a 1998 album by The Hope Blister.
 Enjoy Full (stylized as Enjoy☆Full) is the second mini-album of Japanese voice actor and J-Pop singer Nobuhiko Okamoto. It was released in Japan on 5 June 2013 on Kiramune.
 The ninth The Desert Sessions LP Volume 9: I See You Hearin' Me was released in 2003 packaged along with Volume 10: I Heart Disco in a gatefold 10 album format. I Wanna Make It wit Chu was later released on the Queens of the Stone Age album Era Vulgaris under the title Make It wit Chu. Covered in Punk's Blood has also been played by the band at live shows as seen in the live album and video Over the Years and Through the Woods.
 Maraqopa is the tenth studio album by American rock musician Damien Jurado produced by Richard Swift. It was released on 21 February 2012 on Secretly Canadian.The story follows a man who disappears from society. He takes nothing with him except a couple hundred dollars and stumbles upon a mysterious place called Maraqopa. He's discovering a lot of interesting things about who he is Jurado explains. He ends up leaving Maraqopa after a while and then he gets into a car accident.
 Roch Voisine (also known as On the Outside as per the first track on the album) is a 1990 album by Canadian singer Roch Voisine. It has the same content as the English tracks of his bilingual French / English double album entitled Double released the same year.
 YU retROCKspektiva (trans. YU retROCKspektive) is a compilation album series released by Serbian record label Komuna in 1994. The discs compiled by Serbian music critics Bogoljub Mijatović and Peca Popović feature songs by artists from the former Yugoslav rock scene.
 The Lost Lolli is Olivia's second full-length album which is a compilation of the material featured on her four mini-albums and new material. SpiderSpins (Lost Lolli Mix) was used as a radio single to promote the album. The entire album was sung in English. A First Press version of the album was sold exclusively at Tower Records in Shibuya. This album reached #111 on Oricon charts.
 Mary Wells is the self-titled sixth studio album released by Mary Wells. The album was her first album with 20th Century Fox a year after she left her old label Motown the label that she had produced its first hits with.
 Nemesis Divina (Latin for divine nemesis) is the third studio album by Norwegian black metal band Satyricon. It was released on 22 April 1996 through Moonfog Productions.The band have described the album as darker and more aggressive than their previous work.
 Then Sings My Soul is a 2009 inspirational double CD album recorded by country music singer Ronnie Milsap. To date it is his first and only gospel recording ever. It features several traditional hymns along with Christian-altered hit singles including Milsap's What a Difference You've Made in My Life and Ben E. King's Stand by Me. It was being marketed by an extensive TV mail order campaign.
 Galyuu (雅流) is an album released by Miyavi on December 2 2003.
 Sing Out America is the third album from the indie rock band Decibully.
 The Essential Jars of Clay is a greatest hits album from Jars of Clay that was released on September 4 2007 through Essential Records/Legacy Recordings. This is the last release (along with a simultaneous release of Live Monsters) from the band through Essential Records as they have since moved on to the Nettwerk Music Group's Gray Matters imprint. The album is part of the Sony BMG series The Essential which is a series of greatest hits collections.
 I'm In Love With Your Mom is an EP by Angry Samoans containing all six tracks from their first recording session in September 1978.
 Glass Wars is the debut studio album by experimental electronic group 1 Mile North released in 2003 by Old Colony Recordings.
 Sax Expressions is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1965 and originally released on the Roost label.
 Mellow Gold is the third studio album by American alternative rock musician Beck and also his major label debut. Mellow Gold was released on March 1 1994 following the surprise success of Loser. Informed by the irreverent Gen X slacker and punk-influenced anti-folk styles of his earlier independent work critics noted the album's hybrid of styles and ironic witty lyrics.
 Addicts: Black Meddle Pt. II is the fifth full-length album by Chicago band Nachtmystium. It was released via Century Media Records in the United States on June 8 2010 and by Candlelight Records in Europe a few days later. The recording took place in January 2010 at Volume Studios in Chicago IL.Mainman Blake Judd said this about the new album:The new material is reminiscent of Assassins with more of a rock and roll edge over all.
 Black Market is an instrumental jazz fusion album released by Weather Report in 1976. This album was produced by Joe Zawinul and Wayne Shorter. It was recorded in December 1975 and released in April 1976 through Columbia Records. Columbia released it again as a digitally remastered CD in 1991.This is Weather Report's seventh overall album and the first with the bass player Jaco Pastorius who features on two tracks.
 The Diverse Yusef Lateef is a jazz album by saxophonist Yusef Lateef released in 1970. In it are mixed influences from rhythm and blues and soul music (notably on Live Humble) and world music (notably on A Long Time Ago or Chandra).
 El Libro Oculto (The Hidden Book) is the fourth album by Argentine metal band Rata Blanca. The album was recorded in 1993 in Spain. The album have a more heavy sound than previous albums. After this album the singer Adrián Barilari and the keyboardist Hugo Bistolfi left the band. Both Barilari and Bistolfi later founded Alianza.The song Agord La Bruja is a reference to drugs without mention it. Actually in Spanish the word Agord in backwards means drug.
 A Cellarful of Motown! is a series of compilation albums of Motown rarities containing versions of known songs by alternative artists as well as demos of songs that were not released at the time but had been shelved for various reasons.
 Single Cuts is a limited edition box set by English heavy metal band Judas Priest consisting of 20 of the band's singles on 20 CDs including all original b-sides making a total of 51 tracks. It was announced on 7 June 2011 for release on 25 August later delayed to 17 October because of technical reasons with free magnets being offered as a compensation for the delay to anyone who pre-ordered the box set.
 Mosh & Go is a compilation CD released by Fierce Panda Records in October 2001 (see 2001 in music).
 Collaboration is a smooth jazz studio album by George Benson & Earl Klugh released in 1987. The album was certified gold in the United States in February 1988.
 The Blue Hysteria is a 1996 album by Rheostatics.Bad Time to Be Poor a protest song about life in Ontario during the government of Mike Harris was the album's first single. The band also contributed this song to the compilation album GASCD in 2001 to support citizen media and social justice groups in protesting the Quebec City Summit of the Americas.To support the album the band were invited on tour as the opening act for The Tragically Hip.
 No Lo Voy a Olvidar is Brenda K. Starr's fourth album released in 1998. Includes the hit singles Senor Amarte Si Mi Preguntan por Ti and a remake of I Still Believe/Creo en Ti.
 Four Saxophones in Twelve Tones is an album by composer/arranger Lyle Murphy recorded in 1954 or 1955 and released on the GNP label. This was the first recording utilizing Murphy's own 12-tone system of composition.
 Come to Me Great Mystery: Native American Healing Songs is a compilation album of Native American music released through Silver Wave Records on April 22 2008. In 2009 the album won Tom Wasinger the Grammy Award for Best Native American Music Album.
 Slide is an EP by the band Luna.Released shortly after Lunapark Slide follows in familiar footsteps of its predecessor. Consisting of two album tracks from the debut (Slide and a stripped-down demo version of Hey Sister) and an original track (Rollercoaster) the rest of this EP is peppered with cover songs and introduces Sean Eden on two of the six tracks.
 Nomzamo is the fourth studio album by British progressive rock band IQ released in 1987. The album was the first IQ album recorded without lead singer Peter Nicholls who left the band in 1986 to return in 1990.
 America's Choice was the fifth album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna recorded in 1974 and released in 1975 as Grunt BFL1-0820. The album was also released in Quadraphonic as Grunt BFD1-0820. The first of the Rampage trilogy albums (the others being Yellow Fever and Hoppkorv) recorded by the now power trio it marked a major shift in musical direction by the group.
 Minority of One is the fifth full-length album released by the band Dag Nasty after their reunion in 2002.
 Putting It Straight is a rock album by Pat Travers. It was released in 1977 on Polydor Records.The songs were listed on the back cover of the album in a different sequence than on the original LP pressing. Some later CD versions had the songs in the incorrect order as listed on the back cover.
 Sun Ra and his Solar Arkestra Visits Planet Earth is a jazz album by the American musician Sun Ra and his Solar Arkestra. Recorded between late 1956 and 1958 the album was originally released on Ra's own Saturn label in 1966 and has since been reissued on CD by Evidence in 1992. In keeping with many Saturn releases one side features cuts from the arkestra c.1958 whilst the other side comes from the 1956 sessions originally intended for Sound of Joy but still unreleased in 1966.
 Dream No. 7 is the second studio album by the German band Reamonn. It was recorded in 2001 and released on 19 November 2001.The album title comes from the number of the band's former home and rehearsal room in Munzingen a suburb of Freiburg.With the single Weep Reamonn had a guest appearance in the German film Mondscheintarif.
 Ultradrug is a compilation of material from the Psychic TV albums Ultrahouse The L.A. Connection and Ultrahouse The Twelve Inch Mixes. The album is composed of new edits of the tracks from both releases. It was reissued in 1999 as the second CD of the compilation Origin Of The Species Volume Too! with one track differing. See also Sirens (Ultradrug - Thee Sequel).
 Eyes of the World is the third studio album by guitarist Tony MacAlpine released in 1990 through PolyGram. Titled under the group name MacAlpine the album is a departure from his previous work in that it is more commercially oriented; there are no instrumental tracks and it is stylistically closer to hard rock than neo-classical metal.
 Chasing Ghosts is the third album by the Australian post-hardcore band The Amity Affliction. It was released on 7 September 2012 in Australia 17 September 2012 in the United Kingdom and on 18 September 2012 in the United States. Roadrunner Records handled the release worldwide. The theme of death and suicide is a centerpiece of the album. Chasing Ghosts debuted at No. 1 on the Australian albums chart becoming the band's first No.
 Grand Funk Hits is a greatest hits compilation by Grand Funk Railroad originally released in 1976 on Capitol Records (LP-ST-11579). It peaked at number 126 on the Billboard 200.The songs included on the album were all recorded after the band parted ways with manager Terry Knight in 1972. Grand Funk added keyboardist Craig Frost to its lineup later that year and moved away from a power trio to a lighter and more commercial sound.
 Up for the Down Stroke is an album by the American funk band Parliament. It was the band's second album (following 1970's Osmium) and their first to be released on Casablanca Records. The album was released on July 3 1974. Its title track was Parliament's first chart hit and remains one of the most well-known P-Funk songs. The album also contains a funk reworking of The Parliaments' song (I Wanna) Testify under the title Testify.
 Midnight Fire is the title of the third studio album by American country music artist Steve Wariner. It was released in 1983 by RCA Records. The album produced five singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart including two top ten singles: Don't Your Memory Ever Sleep at Night at number 23 Midnight Fire at number 5 Lonely Women Make Good Lovers at number 4 Why Goodbye at number 12 and Don't You Give Up on Love at number 49.
 Low Fi is a 1992 EP by the band Stereolab. The first copies of the 10 pressing were on clear vinyl. The title of the final track Elektro (He Held the World in His Iron Grip) is taken from the cover of the comic book Tales of Suspense no. 13 (Jan. 1961).
 Jesus Saves Live is a live album from Christian singer Travis Cottrell. It was released on January 5 2010 through Word Records.
 Being Ridden is an album by Cex. It is his second album to move away from a straight ahead electronic music sounds and endulge in a more hip-hop based music complete with rapping by Cex. The album cover is a parody of David Bowie's album cover for his album Heroes.The main difference between Being Ridden and BR Instrumentals except for the duct tape covering Kidwell's mouth is the track listing.
 Primitive is the second studio album by the metal band Soulfly released in 2000 through Roadrunner Records. Primitive has sold over 226569 copies.
 Down IV Part I – The Purple EP is the first EP by sludge metal band Down. It was released on September 18 2012. It is the first album featuring bassist Pat Bruders due to the departure of former bassist Rex Brown in 2011 and the last to feature guitarist Kirk Windstein who left in 2013.
 Exclusively for My Friends is a series of albums for the MPS label by Canadian jazz pianist Oscar Peterson. In 1992 the series was released as a CD box set by Island Records.Originally released as a six-LP set available separately on MPS Records and later a four-CD 36-song box set was released by Island Records in 1992. The 4-CD set includes all six 1968 albums as originally recorded by Hans Georg Brunner-Schwer for MPS.
 Pre-Creedence is a compilation album by The Golliwogs which changed its name to Creedence Clearwater Revival (CCR) in 1968.
 The Rite of Strings is a collaborative album by virtuosi Al Di Meola Stanley Clarke and Jean-Luc Ponty recorded after their world tour in 1995. The album was recorded at Studio 56 Hollywood.The trio reunited for a performance at the French jazz festival called Jazz in Marciac in 2007.Material from the album was performed on tour by Trio! in 2005 also featuring Clarke and Ponty with Béla Fleck on banjo instead of Di Meola on guitar.
 Home Thoughts is the second album by English Singer-songwriter Clifford T. Ward released in 1973. The album reached number 40 in the U.K. album charts no doubt helped by the success of the single Gaye released earlier the same year. Although receiving mixed reviews Ward was praised for his catchy tunes and literate song lyrics. The title of the album is taken from the poem Home Thoughts from Abroad by Robert Browning.
 Planet Earth is the second release from Mother's Army. It was released in 1997. The band consisted of rock veterans Joe Lynn Turner Bob Daisley Jeff Watson and Carmine Appice.
 Barrelful of Monkees: Monkees Songs For Kids! is a 1996 compilation album of songs by the Monkees released by Rhino Records on their Kid Rhino record label and intended especially for children.
 Equinox is the fifth album by Styx released in December 1975.The album was the band's first release for A&M Records (with whom they signed earlier in 1975 after the unexpected success of the single Lady).The album also marked the final appearance of original Styx guitarist John Curulewski who left the band abruptly following the release of Equinox. The band went into a frantic search to find a replacement for their upcoming tour to support Equinox.
 Strum Sum Up is a 2007 solo album by King's X vocalist and bassist Dug Pinnick.
 The Cat Empire is the eponymous studio debut album of Melbourne band The Cat Empire. Released in October 2003 in Australia it went platinum in Australia in February 2004.
 Los Anormales (English: The Abnormals) is an album released in 2004 by reggaeton artist Hector El Bambino now known as Hector El Father. The album released under his own label broke all record sales in Puerto Rico when 130000 copies were sold in just two days. This album features the most important reggaeton artists such as Daddy Yankee Don Omar Trebol Clan Divino Zion and the duo Alexis & Fido. The album has gone to sell over 200000 units.
 Homecoming's March is the debut studio release by the Texan black metal band Averse Sefira. It was released in 1999 on the band's own label Arrogare and was produced by the band themselves with co-production by Stuart Lawrence (who would not figure in any of their other albums.The album is split into band-composed full-length songs and joining those songs are interludes (or aversions) as created by effect artist Lady of the Evening Faces.
 The Best of the Davis Sisters is a double LP/single CD album by the famous Philadelphia gospel group released in 1978 on LP (see 1978 in music) and in 2001 on CD (see 2001 in music). It collects 24 of their recordings made for Savoy Records between 1955 and 1968. Popular tracks are “Twelve Gates to the City” “Sinner Man Where You Gonna Run To” “Blessed Quietness” “We Need Power” “He’ll Understand and Say Well Done”.
 Rocket in the Pocket is a 1998 electronica album released by Console. After receiving much critical acclaim the album was re-issued in 1999 2000 and 2002. The song Crabcraft was used by Björk on her album Vespertine on the song Heirloom.
 In a New Age was released in 1988 the first recording released by singer-songwriter Mickey Newbury since 1981's After All These Years. The album contains new versions of eight classic Newbury songs with a full version of All My Trials which is part of Newbury's An American Trilogy (which is also included on the album.)In 1988 Airborne Records planned a release in which Newbury demos were treated with synthesizers and other then-contemporary production effects.
 We Free Kings is a 1961 LP by the jazz multi-instrumentalist Roland Kirk. His group works through a set of bluesy post-bop numbers including a highly regarded version of Charlie Parker's Blues for Alice. The title track a Kirk composition is a variation on the Christmas carol We Three Kings.The Allmusic review by Lindsay Planer calls the album among the most consistent of his early efforts.
 The Bluegrass Sessions is a bluegrass album by country musician Lynn Anderson released in 2004.The Bluegrass Sessions contains versions of some of Anderson's biggest hits including (I Never Promised You a) Rose Garden Cry Top of the World How Can I Unlove You and What a Man My Man Is. The album also featured a remake of The Drifters' hit Under the Boardwalk and John Prine's Paradise. The album was very well accepted by the public and critics.
 The Very Best of Meat Loaf is a 1998 album spanning the first 21 years of Meat Loaf's recording career. Although not reaching the top ten in the UK it recently went platinum and was already platinum around the rest of the world just after its release.
 Greatest Hits and Black Beauties is an L.A. Guns album featuring new versions of old L.A. Guns songs.It is L.A. Guns' seventh studio album (eighth including Hollywood Rehearsal which contains demos) but unlike the prior studio albums this album is unique in that it re-records older L.A. Guns song in a newer style with no new material as such but older material recorded new.
 1982 is the first album by the hip-hop duo 1982 consisting of the producer Statik Selektah and the rapper Termanology.
 Land of Make Believe is the third album by alternative hip-hop group Kidz in the Hall released on March 9 2010. It is their second release on Duck Down Records. The first single released is Take Over the World which features producer Just Blaze and singer Colin Munroe.
 Resisto Dancing – Songs of Compassionate Revolution is a music album by popular children's entertainer Raffi released in 2006.
 Chopped Screwed Live and Unglued is a Korn fanpack of See You on the Other Side including two CDs and one DVD in set issued by Virgin Records on September 26 2006.
 Novembrine Waltz is the fourth studio album by Italian progressive/melodic metal Novembre. Vocals vary between clean-singing death metal growling and harsh black metal screams. The album features more gothic elements than the previous releases and contains many European elements such as the accordion on Distances or the chanting on Everasia
 Redhead is the major label debut album by Bleu. Released by the Columbia Records imprint Aware Records in 2003 the two versions featured various songs including the single Get Up the song Somebody Else from Spider-Man and I Won't Go Hollywood from American Dreamz and Win a Date With Tad Hamilton!. The song Sayonara from the original release features backing vocals from Puffy AmiYumi.
 Kushangaza (Swahili for “amazing”) was a CD released March 2001 by Tim Russ. It was independently distributed.The music video for the song Kushangaza can be seen as part of the Special Features for season 2 of Star Trek: Voyager (highlight part of the ship on page 3 of the features menu).
 Die Young is the first official studio album by Pennsylvania hardcore punk band Wisdom In Chains. It was released in 2005 on Spook City Records and re-issued in 2007 on Eulogy Recordings with new cover art.
 Ancient Heart is the debut album by Tanita Tikaram. The record was released by Warner Music Group on September 13 1988. The album had huge success and was a hit globally launching Tanita's mainstream career. Guest musicians included Rod Argent Mark Isham Peter Van Hooke Paul Brady and Brendan Croker. Argent and Van Hooke produced the album. The record includes four singles.
 The Golden Apples of the Sun is a limited edition compilation of contemporary folk music curated by musician Devendra Banhart for the art magazine Arthur Magazine. The title comes from a Ray Bradbury short story (which is itself taken from a line in the poem The Song of Wandering Aengus by William Butler Yeats).
 Live @ The 400 Bar is an album by folk and blues artists John Koerner and Tony Glover released in 2009.
 Red Sails in the Sunset is a rock album by Australian group Midnight Oil which was released in October 1984 under the Columbia Records label. It was recorded and produced in Tokyo Japan and is significant for becoming their first No. 1 album in Australia – it also entered the United States Billboard 200. The cover image by Japanese artist Tsunehisa Kimura depicts Sydney Harbour after a hypothetical nuclear strike.
 Dinner in Caracas II is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan composer/arranger/conductor Aldemaro Romero released in 1966 under contract with RCA Victor.This album is the second volume of the 1955 Dinner in Caracas as part of the modernization of Venezuelan folk music upgrading it from folk instrumentations to full modern orchestral versions and making it palatable to international audiences.
 Power and Pain is the debut album from New Jersey thrash metal band Whiplash. It was released in 1985 on Roadrunner Records and was followed up by 1987's Ticket to Mayhem.In 1998 Displeased Records rereleased Power and Pain which included their second album Ticket to Mayhem.The album features members of New York bands Carnivore and Agnostic Front on backing vocals.
 Time Honoured Ghosts is a 1975 album released by the English rock group Barclay James Harvest. The title was suggested by the wife of Harvey Lisburg the band's manager at the time though it is believed that she was quoting from another unknown source. It was recorded between May and July 1975 at the His Masters Wheels studio in San Francisco. It was produced by Elliot Mazer and released in October on the Polydor Records label.
 Disambiguation: Life Is Peachy is also the international title that Ashamed (film) is known by.Life Is Peachy is the second studio album by the American nu metal band Korn released on October 15 1996 through Immortal/Epic Records. Life is Peachy earned gold on January 8 1997 and later certified platinum on December 9 1997.
 Conversations is a 1963 album by American jazz multi-instrumentalist Eric Dolphy.
 This is How I Feel is the fifth studio album by the R&B singer Tank. It was released by Atlantic Records on May 8 2012. The album sold 30000 copies in its first week.
 A Mary Mary Christmas is a Christmas album by Mary Mary. This project is inspired by Christmas carols as well as some original songs.
 Takasago Army is the sixth studio album by Taiwanese black metal band Chthonic released in 2011. The title is a reference to the Takasago Volunteers in the Imperial Japanese Army recruited from the Taiwanese aboriginal tribes during World War II. Takasago (Chinese: 高砂 Japanese: タカサゴ) is an ancient Japanese name for Taiwan. This album serves as the final record in Chthonic's Souls Reposed Trilogy.
 Don't Stop the Revolution is the second and last album by New Zealand band Breathe released in 2000.
 Haroon Ka Nasha is the third album by the Pakistani pop singer Haroon released in March 2007. The album's singls were Jiya Jaye and Jua Kehla.
 Identity Crisis is the debut album by pop group Clea. Although the album was not released in the U.K Identity Crisis was released in Russia Eastern Europe and in certain countries in Asia. In these regions the album had some minor success. The album spawned two singles Download It and Stuck in the Middle achieving low chart positions. The album has also become available on iTunes.
 Honey is an album by American pop and country singer songwriter Bobby Goldsboro issued in 1968 on the United Artists label. It reached #1 in the US Country Albums chart #5 in the US Pop charts and #41 in the Canadian charts. It was also certified Gold by the RIAA.The title track Honey was his biggest hit in 1968 a tearjerker about the death of a man's young wife. The song written by Bobby Russell was recorded in one take.
 In Concert 1972 is a double live album by sitar virtuoso Ravi Shankar and sarodya Ali Akbar Khan released in 1973 on Apple Records. It was recorded at the Philharmonic Hall New York City in October 1972 and is a noted example of the two Hindustani classical musicians' celebrated jugalbandi (duet) style of playing. With accompaniment from tabla player Alla Rakha the performance reflects the two artists' sorrow at the recent death of their revered guru and Khan's father Allauddin Khan.
 Passion Leaves a Trace is the third LP by the American alternative rock band Black Lab. The album featured the track Mine Again which as part of the Bum Rush the Charts program peaked at #11 on the U.S. rock chart. The campaign had a significant international impact selling songs in every country in which iTunes has stores and pushing Mine Again to #53 on the Canadian chart (#10 rock) #15 in the Netherlands (#2 rock) and #73 in Germany (#12 rock) among others.
 Ask The Fish is a 1995 (see 1995 in music) live album by Leftover Salmon. It was originally released in 1995 but was reissued once in 1997 in Hollywood Records and another time in 2001 on Bert Records.
 My Eyes Have Seen is the third album by American folk singer Odetta first released in 1959. After two small releases Odetta had now moved to the larger more folk and jazz oriented label Vanguard.Milt Okun arranged and conducted a choir on a portion of the songs notably Motherless Children Ox-Driver Song and the title piece.My Eyes Have Seen was re-released on CD in 1994.
 The Very Best of Jean-Luc Ponty is a compilation album by French Jazz-Fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty released in 2000. It mainly focuses on his work while on the Atlantic label.
 The Sandpipers was an LP album featuring the group of the same name released by A&M Records in May 1967. The catalog numbers were LP 125 in monaural and SP 4125 in stereo. The album reached #53 on the Billboard charts.
 Chaos & Warfare is a split album between the bands Kekal from Indonesia and Slechtvalk from the Netherlands released in 2002. Critical reception of the album was fairly positive though Kekal’s side of the release drew some criticism from HM Magazine writer Matt Morrow. In particular the band's use of clean vocals was viewed negatively by Morrow who suggested that the band should have stuck to a solely black metal vocal style.
 Communion is the fifth studio album by the Swedish band The Soundtrack of Our Lives.The album is the band's longest to date at twenty-four tracks. After the decision was made to postpone the Origin Vol. 2 project the band wrote entirely new material and recorded it which became Communion.
 Givin' It Up is a first-time recording/collaboration between seasoned and highly celebrated jazz artists-vocalist Al Jarreau and guitarist George Benson. It contains signature classics previously recorded by both veteran artists (Benson's Breezin and Jarreau's Mornin) and original music of which both gentlemen masterfully contribute their talents.
 Nord is the debut full-length album by French post-metal band Year of No Light released in 2006. It was originally released by Radar Swarm (CD) E-Vinyl & Atropine (LP) and reissued later by Crucial Blast for the U.S. version.
 Dead Zone is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The album was released in an eco-pack and is limited to 500 copies.According to Masami Akita this album was intended to be called Flax inspired by its uses in a vegetarian diet. But while the album was in recording stages the 2011 Japanese Earthquake struck and the 2011 Japanese nuclear accidents just after that.
 Mario is the self-titled debut album by American singer Mario released on March 19 2002 when he was 15 years old. It features hits Just a Friend 2002 Braid My Hair and C'Mon. The album sold over 96000 copies in the first week and was eventually certified Gold selling over 596000 copies. In 2006 a single called Just a Friend [Old School Version] was released in Japan.
 Bilo jednom u Hrvatskoj (Once upon a time in Croatia) is an album by Croatian singer Marko Perković Thompson. It was released on December 8 2006.All songs on the album were written by Marko Perković with the exceptions of Lipa Kaja written by Zdenko Hršak and Tamo gdje su moji korijeni written by both M.P. Thompson and Fayo.In 2007 45000 copies of the album were sold making it Croatia Records' best-selling album of the year.
 Feets Don't Fail Me Now is the twenty-seventh album by pianist Herbie Hancock. It was the first of his albums to discard jazz and funk completely in favor of a more commercial (at the time) disco sound spotlighting vocoder effects and repetitive lyrics. All LP and CD editions after the first pressing uses an alternate version of Tell Everybody.The original version was included as a bonus track on the disc in the Complete Columbia Albums Collection box set.
 Karuna Nadee (River of Kindness) is an oratorio for chorus and orchestra based on the life of Buddha by the Sri Lankan composer Dinesh Subasinghe. It was composed in 2010 and released on CD in November of that year.
 Jupiter One is the self-titled album by American indie rock band Jupiter One. The album was re-released in 2008 which included two more tracks Umbrellas and Summer Song. Several tracks from the album have been used in Electronic Arts video games. Countdown was featured in Madden NFL 08 Unglued in FIFA 08 Turn Up The Radio in NHL 08 Platform Moon in FIFA 09 and Fire Away in Burnout Paradise
 Turn Out the Stars is a live album by jazz pianist Bill Evans with Marc Johnson and Joe LaBarbera recorded at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in London in 1980 and released on the Dreyfus label.
 The Soft Moon is the first full length studio recording from American post-punk band The Soft Moon. It was released on November 16 2010 through Captured Tracks. The album is said to have been recorded over the span of a year in frontman Luis Vasquez's apartment. Writing composition recording production and album art are credited to Vasquez.
 The Trick to Life is the debut album by London indie pop band The Hoosiers. It was released in the UK on 22 October 2007. Four singles were released from the album - Worried About Ray Goodbye Mr A Worst Case Scenario and Cops and Robbers. The album was released with four different colours to the front cover.
 The Notorious Byrd Brothers is the fifth album by the American rock band The Byrds and was released in January 1968 on Columbia Records (see 1968 in music). Musically the album represents the pinnacle of The Byrds' psychedelic experimentation with the band blending together elements of folk rock psychedelic rock country music electronic music baroque pop and jazz on many of the songs.
 Guitar Boogie is a compilation blues rock album with Eric Clapton Jeff Beck and Jimmy Page with additional credit to The Allstars. Most songs on this album were written by Eric Clapton Jeff Beck or Jimmy Page. Guitar Boogie was released as a part of a British Archives series and is rare in that form. The album was re-released in the US in 1977 by Pickwick Records. Only two of the guitarists appear on any given track. Jeff Beck does not appear on any of the Page/Clapton numbers.
 Atem (German: breath) is an album by the German electronic music group Tangerine Dream. The music on Atem ranges from slow atmospheric pieces to more aggressive percussion and vocal experiments with dynamic Mellotron orchestrations.
 Vaari Vaari is the studio album by Harbhajan Mann released on 15 September 2010.
 Knights Live is the second live album released by German heavy metal guitarist Axel Rudi Pell. The show was performed at The Zeche in Pell's home town Bochum Germany. The CD was released in 2002 under the SPV record label and is a 2CD album.
 Amanita was the second album by Bardo Pond released on April 3 1996. It was released as a double vinyl LP on Drunken Fish Records as well as a single CD and cassette on Matador Records; it was their first release on Matador.
 Pass in Time: The Definitive Collection is the only best of album released by English singer songwriter Beth Orton to date. It contains one new song The Same Day' alongside all her previous singles up to 2003 and various other tracks from her first three albums recorded for the Heavenly label.The collection also features a second bonus disc that features collaborations with other artists remixes and b-sides.
 Cantando Histórias is a Latin Grammy winning album by Ivan Lins. It is the first and only Brazilian and Portuguese language album to win the Latin Grammy for Album of the Year to date.
 Rot Gut Domestic is the fourth full-length album released by Margot & the Nuclear So and So's.
 The Essential Odetta is a live album by American folk singer Odetta originally released on LP in 1973.The original double-LP The Essential Odetta included the live performances At Town Hall and At Carnegie Hall but the CD version of that release omits ten songs from the original total of both LPs (eight from Town Hall and two from Carnegie Hall). Tracks 1-13 on the CD are from the Carnegie Hall concert and tracks 14-21 are from the Town Hall concert.
 Alpha is the sixth studio album by metal band Sevendust and was released on March 6 2007.Alpha is the band's second album featuring Sonny Mayo on rhythm guitar and the first with him as part of the writing process. Alpha is also the first album by the band to be released under the Warner-affiliated Asylum Records making Sevendust the first metal/rock band on that label (the rest being hip-hop and rap artists).
 Rattus Erectus 1976-1982 is a Mickey Ratt compilation.
 Noblesse Oblige is the seventh studio album by the Italian band Punkreas released in 2012.
 XX – Two Decades of Love Metal is a compilation album by Finnish band HIM released October 26 2012 in Europe and November 6 2012 in the U.S. It features all of the band's singles spanning from 1997 to 2010 as well as a cover of the song Strange World originally by the artist Ké. It is the band's second singles compilation the first being And Love Said No: The Greatest Hits 1997-2004 released in 2004.
 Make a Little Noise is a 2006 CD and DVD release from Halifax Nova Scotia indie rock group Joel Plaskett Emergency. The DVD features live songs from a show at the Marquee Club in Halifax and from shows on Plaskett's solo tour. The DVD also compiles all ten of his music videos together for the first time. Released alongside the DVD are three new songs on a separate CD.Make a Little Noise won DVD of the Year at the 2007 East Coast Music Awards.
 The Flow is an album by Chris Leslie released in 1997.This album is mostly instrumental. Although Chris Leslie is best known for his fiddle playing in Fairport Convention these cuts sound nothing like Fairport or any of his other prior musical projects. The album demonstrates Leslie's breadth of musicality influence and inspiration from across the globe.Tracks 2 and 6 produced by Simon Mayor. Other tracks produced by Tim Healey.Recorded by Mark Tucker.
 Dogmatic Infidel Comedown OK is an album of reworks and reinterpretations of tracks from IAMX's third studio album Kingdom of Welcome Addiction.It includes remixes by Combichrist Pull Out Kings Alec Empire Vive la Fête Black Light Odyssey Omega Man Aesthetic Perfection and Terrence Fixmer; covers by Miss Derringer James Cook and Anne Marie Kirby (The Dollhouse) German band Index and Larry Driscoll; and Chris Corner's own reworks under the alias of UNFALL.
 Unreleased Heatrocks is the official MySpace compilation album by Snoop Dogg available for online order and put together of material recorded for Tha Blue Carpet Treatment and some promotional songs for upcoming projects by Doggystyle Records.
 Eldorado is an EP released only in Japan and Australia by Neil Young backed by The Restless which consisted of Chad Cromwell and Rick Rosas.It contains different mixes of three songs that subsequently appeared on Young's 1989 album Freedom Don't Cry On Broadway and Eldorado and two tracks not available on any other recording Cocaine Eyes and Heavy Love.The Don't Cry track on Eldorado is longer than the later version published on Freedom for which some of the more free-form guitar work was edited out (at the insistence of co-producers Niko Bolas and Frank Sampedro).
 Terrorizer: The Last Chapter... is the second album by Dispatched. It was first released in 2003.
 Odetta at Carnegie Hall is a live album by American folk singer Odetta recorded on April 8 1960 and released later that year. It is now out of print.The Choir of the Church of the Master accompanies Odetta on the last four songs.At Carnegie Hall is also available along with At Town Hall from the same era on Vanguard's double-LP The Essential Odetta but the CD version of that release omits two songs from the At Carnegie Hall LP and 8 songs from the At Town Hall LP.
 Official Live: 101 Proof is a live album released by Pantera on July 29 1997.
 Tonite... the Singles Bar is a compilation album by Gallon Drunk released in 1991 through Clawfist. It contains several of the band's early singles dating back to 1988.
 For the Roses is the fifth studio album by Joni Mitchell released in November 1972 between her two biggest commercial and critical successes – Blue and Court and Spark. Despite this in 2007 it was one of 25 recordings chosen that year by the Library of Congress to be added to the National Recording Registry.
 Tour 2011 Age Quod Agis Vol.1 (stylized Documentary DVD 『TOUR2011 AGE QUOD AGIS Vol.1 [Europe & Japan]』) is a documentary and live DVD recorded by Dir En Grey throughout their Paradox of Retaliation tour in Europe and the Age Quod Agis tour in Japan. The DVD features live performances of songs as well as documentary segments with English narration. It was released in three editions (regular limited and Blu-ray) only available in Japan.
 Smash the System: Singles and More (2001) is a double-CD greatest hits album by Saint Etienne. The compilation samples music from most of their releases spanning the years from 1990 to 1999. Most tracks are featured in their single or edit versions with the exception of 'Join Our Club' which a new mix as the original sounded too 'muddy'.
 Ritchie Valens is the first album by Ritchie Valens posthumously released by Del-Fi Records in March 1959 one month after his death in a plane crash. It is his only studio album entirely composed of master tracks recorded at Gold Star Studios. The album peaked at #23 on the Billboard album chart.The original pressings are black and sea green with circles around the outer edge. The print font for the track listings on these labels is the same font used on the back of the album cover.
 The Fire is the fourth studio album by American rock band Senses Fail and was released on October 25 2010 in the UK through Hassle Records and elsewhere a day later through Vagrant Records. It is the first album by the band featuring Zach Roach on guitar replacing Heath Saraceno. However Garrett Zablocki took over all recording duties.
 Relix's Best of the New New Riders of the Purple Sage is an album by the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage. It was released on March 11 1997. It contains previously released songs that were recorded between 1989 and 1993 and that were selected from three albums on the Relix Records label.
 Masterpiss of Pain is the debut studio album of the Norwegian black metal band Khold. It was recorded in the early part of 2001 and released in December of that year through Moonfog Productions the record label run by Satyricon leader Sigurd Wongraven (Satyr).
 Tiempo Transcurrido (Running Time) is Café Tacuba's first compilation album released in 2001. According to the band it was released due to a contractual obligation as the original contract signed with WEA Latina stated that they must release five albums and with no new material Tiempo Transcurrido dropped in music stores on August 21.
 Glenn Miller is an album by bandleader Glenn Miller released on RCA Victor in 1945 consisting of a collection of four 10 78 discs released as RCA Victor P148 as part of the Victor Musical Smart Set series. The album was number one for a total of 16 weeks on the newly created Billboard album charts in 1945. The album was certified Gold in July 1968 by the RIAA. The album is also known under the title Glenn Miller & His Orchestra.
 Erotik (English: Eroticism) is the second full-length album by Swedish black metal band Lifelover released on CD in February 2007 by Total Holocaust Records & on vinyl in October 2007 by Eternity Records and Blut & Eisen Productions in limited edition of 500 copies (first 100 are pressed on red wax).This album sees the band drop some of the more conventional black metal elements from their sound as well as add more elements of rock music.Track 12 contains the song M/S Salmonella from the band's previous album Pulver played in reverse.
 Sounds Like This is the third studio album by singer/songwriter Eric Hutchinson. It was released on May 20 2008.In the United States the album is available as a single release in most retail and online stores.The album began at #1 on Billboard’s Heatseekers chart in September 2007. This was helped greatly by a recommendation from blogger Perez Hilton.
 The Commercial Single was released to promote The Commercial Album by the Residents. It was released in the United Kingdom and France and despite being called a single included eight songs: six songs from the album and two (unlisted) bonus tracks all clocking in at one minute.Despite its title and running time this release would more traditionally be considered an EP.[citation needed]
 Worship Music is the tenth studio album by American thrash metal band Anthrax released on September 12 2011 internationally and on September 13 in the US. It is their first album of original material since 2003's We've Come for You All and the first album since 1990's Persistence of Time to feature vocalist Joey Belladonna.The album's creation went through a lengthy process with work beginning as early as November 2008.
 O Vertigo! is the fourth solo album by Australian singer-songwriter Kate Miller-Heidke.
 Nuggets Vol. 9: Acid Rock is a compilation album released by Rhino Records. It's the ninth in its series of twelve albums highlighting various music genres.
 The Dealers is a 1964 album by jazz musician Mal Waldron released on New Jazz Records catalogue 8316.
 Onekdin Por (2004) is a Bengali song album of Anjan Dutt and Kabir Suman. This was Dutt and Suman's first join album. The tracks were composed by both Dutt and Suman.
 Somery is a compilation album by the Los Angeles-based punk rock band the Descendents released in 1991 through SST Records. It compiles songs from the Fat EP (1981) and the albums Milo Goes to College (1982) I Don't Want to Grow Up (1985) Enjoy! (1986) and All (1987).
 I Fell in Love is a studio album released in 1990 by American country singer Carlene Carter. This was the highest-ranking Billboard album of her career at #19 on the US Country charts. Four singles from the album also charted with the title song I Fell in Love and Come on Back both reaching #3 as singles. Two lower-charting hits were the #25 The Sweetest Thing and the #33 One Love. The track Me and the Wildwood Rose is a tribute to Carter's grandmother Mother Maybelle Carter.
 No Tears for the Creatures is the third album from UK metalcore band Johnny Truant. This was the final album released by the band.
 Pure Jerry: Lunt-Fontanne New York City The Best of the Rest October 15–30 1987 is a three-CD live album by Jerry Garcia. It features performances by both the Jerry Garcia Band and the Jerry Garcia Acoustic Band. It contains selections from a series of 18 concerts performed at the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre in New York City in October 1987.
 No Sikiriki is Edo Maajka's second studio album released on May 3 2004 by Menart records in Croatia Fmjam records and Malex Music in Bosnia and Bassivity Music in Serbia. In 2005 the album won numerous awards from different award ceremonies including album of the year and song of the year for the titular track. It was the most anticipated hip hop album after the hit album slusaj mater.
 Mark Wills is the self-titled debut album of American country music singer Mark Wills. Released in 1996 on Mercury Nashville Records the album produced three hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts: Jacob's Ladder High Low and In Between and Places I've Never Been which peaked at #6 #33 and #5 respectively. The album itself reached a peak of #38 on the Billboard Top Country Albums charts.
 Bitter Sweet & Twisted is rock band The Quireboys's second studio album released in 1993. The album was released on EMI and went into the UK Albums Chart at #31.Three of the tracks from this album (Tramps & Thieves Brother Louie and Last Time) were released as singles the latter of which was only released in Japan.
 Normal is the seventh studio album by recording artist Ron Bumblefoot Thal released in December 2005. Thal also appears in a video of the song Real directed by William Knight.Normal brings you into the world of an insane musician who takes medication and experiences what it's like to be 'normal' for the first time. The only problem is that the medicine silences his ability to make music. Eventually he must choose which life he wants.
 Saturday Night Special is an album by the Philadelphia Pennsylvania jazz drummer Norman Connors.
 Kiss Land is the debut studio album by Canadian recording artist The Weeknd. The album was released in the United States on September 10 2013 by XO and Republic Records. Kiss Land was supported by six singles: Kiss Land Belong to the World Love in the Sky Live For Pretty and Wanderlust. The album's sole guest appearance comes from frequent collaborator Drake. The album's production was primarily handled by DannyBoyStyles The Weeknd himself and Jason DaHeala Quenneville.
 Live in Vienna is a live album by Cecil Taylor recorded in Vienna on November 7 1987 and released on the Leo label. The album features a concert performance by Taylor with Thurman Barker William Parker Carlos Ward and Leroy Jenkins.The Allmusic review by Stacia Proefrock states One look at this recording and anyone familiar with the work of Cecil Taylor will know that it isn't for the faint of heart or spirit.
 It Burns Clean is the second EP by hardcore band Stretch Arm Strong on Reflections Records .
 This article is about the Johnny Cash album. For the record label which released the album see American Recordings (record label)American Recordings is the 81st album by the country singer Johnny Cash. It was released in April 1994 (see 1994 in music) the first album issued by American Recordings after its name change from Def American the album being named after the new label.
 Life is the debut studio album by the British indie rock band Inspiral Carpets. It was released on 23 April 1990 on Cow Records through Mute Records during the period dubbed Madchester by the British media.
 Shadows Wake Me is the first studio album by Canadian singer Damhnait Doyle released in 1996 (see 1996 in music) on the indie label Latitude Records then later EMI Music Canada. The album was produced by guitarist Ken Myhr who previously worked with such artists as Jane Siberry and Cowboy Junkies.
 Indecisive and Halfhearted was the first EP released by Ellison. It was recorded and mixed by drummer Mitch Wyatt and self-released but was of studio quality. The EP and constant regional live shows caught the attention of J.T. Woodruff lead singer of Hawthorne Heights. Woodruff launched his own record label Carbon Copy Media and in early 2006 signed Ellison as the first band to his fledgling label.
 Fantastic Frank Strozier is the debut album by American saxophonist Frank Strozier recorded in 1959 and 1960 for Vee-Jay Records. The personnel includes the rhythm section from part of Miles Davis's Kind of Blue recorded earlier in 1959.
 Homecoming is the second official live album by the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth released in 2002. Recorded in Glasgow Scotland in 2001 it may be regarded as the soundtrack to the DVD of the same name with stage talk edited to allow the tracks to fit onto a single CD.The CD tray insert states The Greatest Hits Live In Glasgow.
 Live in West Hollywood is a live album recorded at the Troubadour by pop punk band The Queers.
 King of the Hill: Original Soundtrack is a soundtrack album to the animated Fox sitcom King of the Hill. It was released in 1999 via Asylum Records. The album includes covers of southern rock songs and original songs performed by country and rock artists (some of which have appeared on the show). Two songs from the album were released as singles: Travis Tritt and George Thorogood's cover of Hank Williams' Move It On Over and Barenaked Ladies' Get in Line.
 One Way V.A. is the alternative music compilation of 5 bands including the Serbian industrial group dreDDup. The bands included in this release are: Under Pressure Maltreat Franja Kluz Reflections of Internal rain and dreDDup. The final mastering was done in DURU studio although the bands recorded their songs separately. It was ment to be the wake up call for the Serbian underground scene of 2000s. The other bands follow One Way's example and soon a lot of compilations took place.
 Don't Close Your Eyes is an EP released by Australian metalcore band Parkway Drive Released 2004. It was later re-released with the same tracks but with the addition of tracks included from both their split album with I Killed the Prom Queen and from the compilation albums What We've Built and True Till Death Volume I.
 Peace Love and Pitbulls is the first self-titled album by Swedish rocker Joakim Thåströms industrial music project. It was released in 1992.
 The Hits 1969–1984 is a compilation album by Sherbet released in 1984. Unlike their several previous albums which were credited to The Sherbs this release reverts to their original and better known group name.
 Treeless Plain is the debut album by The Triffids released in November 1983. The album was recorded at Emerald City Studios Sydney Australia in twelve midnight to dawn sessions during August through to September 1983. It was the band's first release after signing with Hot Records.A remastered version of the album with seven bonus live tracks recorded in 1983 was released in Australia in June 2008 through Liberation Music.
 Coup de Theatre is the second album by Haiku D'Etat released in 2004. Two singles from the album followed its release: Mike Aaron & Eddie including the title song and All Good Things; and Triumvirate including the title song and Top Qualified.
 The Song Is Paris is an album by American jazz vocalist and guitarist Jackie Paris recorded in 1962 for the Impulse! label.
 Ex Machina is a Man or Astro-man? 7 EP released on Touch & Go Records in 1998. It was released exclusively on black vinyl and came with a small letterpress-printed poster on heavy card stock paper.
 This article is about the Rage Against the Machine album for albums of the same name see Live and Rare.Live & Rare is a compilation of live and rare material by Rage Against the Machine released only in Japan in 1998 and only available overseas as an import. It comprises official bootlegs previously available on other singles as well as a pair of tracks from the band's 1991 demo.
 Chain Lightning is an album by American singer-songwriter Don McLean released in 1978.
 Monty Python Sings is an album of comedy songs written by the Monty Python team.The song Oliver Cromwell was never released prior to this album. Also included are a new recording I've Got Two Legs which had previously only been released as part of live recordings and the previously rare single version of The Lumberjack Song.
 The State of Art is on Fire is an EP by the San Diego California rock band Rocket from the Crypt released in 1995 by Sympathy for the Record Industry. It was the band's first release to include trumpet player JC 2000.The EP was first released in 10 vinyl format in April 1995. The vinyl release is unusual in that side A is played at 33rpm and side B at 45rpm.
 Llegaré is the debut studio album by recording artist Stephanie Cayo. It was released in Colombia on 29 May 2012. Production for the album came primarily from José Gaviria alongside Stephanie Cayo.
 The Hot N' Heavy is the third and last studio album from the screamo band Drop Dead Gorgeous.
 B-Sides Volume 1 is the first of two collections of b-sides by the British electronic band The Chemical Brothers. It was released as a digital album by Virgin Records on 26 November 2007 and features 10 tracks from singles culled from the duo's first six studio albums. As of the start of 2014 there has been no mention of a release date for a second volume.
 Merry Go Round is the third studio album by the latin hip hop band Delinquent Habits.
 The Mouse and the Mask is a collaboration album by Danger Mouse and MF Doom under the name Danger Doom released on October 11 2005 by punk label Epitaph Records in the United States marking it the third hip hop release for the label. It was also released by Lex Records in the UK on October 17 2005 with different cover art.
 Stand! is the fourth studio album by soul/funk band Sly and the Family Stone released May 3 1969 on Epic Records. Written and produced by lead singer and multi-instrumentalist Sly Stone Stand! was the band's breakout album. It went on to sell over three million copies and become one of the most successful albums of the 1960s. The album sold over 500000 copies in the year of its release and was certified gold in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America on December 4 1969.
 Heartbeats and Brainwaves is the eighth album by Detroit rock band Electric Six. It was released on October 11 2011. It was released as a CD digital download and a colored double vinyl set which is sold at the band's live shows. A video for Psychic Visions starring Dick Valentine and directed by Justin J. Lowe was uploaded on April 30 2012 marking the band's first video for three years.
 Living On Video known in Canada as Message on the Radio is the first album by Canadian synthpop group Trans-X. Recorded and released in 1983 by Mantra Records Message On The Radio was a seven-track album. Produced by Daniel Bernier the record featured all instruments played by Pascal Languirand with Anne Brosseau on supporting vocals.
 Moonshine is the fifth album by Canadian singer-songwriter Kate Maki released in May 2011. The album was released independently on Maki's own Confusion Unlimited label with distribution by Outside Music.Guest musicians include Nathan Lawr Dale Murray and members of Cuff the Duke.
 Have One On Me is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Joanna Newsom released on February 23 2010 via Drag City as the official follow up to the harpist's highly acclaimed second studio release 2006's Ys. It is a triple album produced by herself and mixed by long-time collaborators Jim O'Rourke and Noah Georgeson with the accompanying arrangements by Ryan Francesconi.
 A Dot Of Black In The Blue Of Your Bliss is the second solo album of Norwegian band a-ha's Magne Furuholmen as Magne F.This album was released as a 300 copies limited six-track vinyl EP in February 2008 and then as a regular CD in May 2008.The limited vinyl copies included a special hand painted cover by Magne Furuholmen himself as well as the CD and a poster featuring all the hand painted covers that were part of one bigger artwork.
 Freedom is the 14th studio album by singer-songwriter Sheena Easton released only in Japan and charting at #53. This album of new material consists of smooth catchy Dance-Pop songs. Easton had producing credits on the project and writing credits on songs One Man and Love Will Make You Wise. Includes the singles Modern Girl '97 Love Me With Freedom and When You Speak My Name.
 Baila Conmigo is the soundtrack to the telenovela Baila conmigo. It was released in 1992. The soundtrack featured various artists such as Eduardo Capetillo Bibi Gaytán Paulina Rubio and Stephanie Salas.
 Soul UK is the seventh studio album by English singer-songwriter Beverley Knight. The album was released on 4 July 2011 and features covers of British soul songs that inspired Knight whilst growing up. The album also includes a live DVD of the tracks filmed on 7 April at the Porchester Hall in London.
 Les Uns Mais Pas Les Autres is the fourth release by Canadian indie pop group Immaculate Machine. It includes six French translations of songs off their 2005 full length album Ones and Zeros.
 New Union Old Glory is a 2001 Lookout! Records release by Ann Beretta.
 Kissin' Christmas: The Bobby Vinton Christmas Album is a collection of previously recorded Christmas songs (with the exception of the title track) recorded by Bobby Vinton. The first six tracks were taken from his first Christmas album A Very Merry Christmas while the seventh to tenth tracks and the twelfth were taken from his second Christmas album Santa Must Be Polish.
 Bland skurkar helgon och vanligt folk (Among villains saints and ordinary folk) is a live album recorded during a 1999 Swedish summer tour of the same name and includes tracks by Stefan Sundström Lars Winnerbäck Johan Johansson Karin Renberg and Kjell Höglund. The album was released by Birdnest Records in 1999.
 Songs I Wish I Had Sung the First Time Around was Bing Crosby's fourth album for Decca and his fifth LP recorded and originally released in 1956.This was a concept album of sorts as Bing covered some of his musical rivals' big hits such as Al Jolson's April Showers and Nat King Cole's Mona Lisa.
 All Maps Welcome is the third studio album from British singer-songwriter Tom McRae.
 15 Years On is an album from the band The Dubliners. This album was created to celebrate the band's 15 year anniversary from the day they started music together. The album was released on the CHYME label in 1977. The album features 24 tracks on two records (nine of which were previously unreleased). In spite of having only nine previously unreleased tracks it is still regarded as an original album.
 O Bidú: Silêncio no Brooklin is the fifth studio album of Brazilian artist Jorge Ben.Released in 1967 it was recorded while Jorge Ben was living in Brooklin a neighborhood of São Paulo with Erasmo Carlos (hence the title). In the album Jorge Ben is backed by Jovem Guarda band The Fevers.
 U.S.A. Still United is the second Remix album by Atlanta-based rap duo Ying Yang Twins. The summer hit Wait (The Whisper Song) is featured here in its remix version as is the remix of the followup Shake with labelmate Pitbull and dancehall superstar Elephant Man. Also included is the most recent single Bedroom Boom featuring Avant plus five previously unreleased songs.
 Humanoids is the repackage of Catch Me (2012) the sixth Korean studio album by South Korean pop duo TVXQ. It was released on November 26 2012 by S.M. Entertainment two months after the original record. The repackage features two newly record songs – the EDM lead single Humanoids and the dubstep track Here I Stand.Humanoids debuted at number one on South Korea's Gaon Albums Chart and the Hanteo Chart and stayed as number one on the charts for three weeks.
 Arquivo (Portuguese meaning archives = Archives of its songs) was Os Paralamas do Sucesso's first compilation album released in 1990. It contains the unrecorded song Caleidoscópio (Kaleidoscope) and its remastering of its greatest hit Vital E Sua Moto
 Love & Negotiation is the third studio album by Canadian country music singer-songwriter Carolyn Dawn Johnson. It was released on June 7 2006 by Angeline Entertainment in Canada. In addition it was originally scheduled to be released in the United States in mid-2007 by Equity Music Group but was delayed and Johnson exited Equity in 2008. The album was released in the United States digitally through Dancing Lily Music on October 13 2009 with different artwork.
 Stick Around for Joy released in February 1992 was the third and final album released by the Icelandic alternative rock band The Sugarcubes. In terms of quality fans usually rate the album somewhere between the band's acclaimed debut Life's Too Good and the widely panned follow-up Here Today Tomorrow Next Week!. The album provided the band's two hits: The first aptly titled Hit reached #1 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart in the U.S. and #17 on the UK Singles Chart.
 There Is No Enemy is the seventh full-length studio album by indie rock band Built to Spill (their fifth on Warner Bros. Records). The album was released on October 6 2009 and is the last to feature long-time drummer Scott Plouf and bassist Brett Nelson who left the group in 2012.
 The Haunted is the debut album by the Swedish thrash metal band The Haunted released in 1998 on Earache Records. This is the last release with Adrian Erlandsson.
 Tranceport is a mix album released by Paul Oakenfold in 1998. It was released on Kinetic Records.
 The Art of Doing Nothing is the fourth studio album from Take That band member and singer-songwriter Mark Owen. The album was released on 7 June 2013 in Germany and 10 June 2013 in the UK eight years since his release of his third studio album How the Mighty Fall. The album sold 6360 copies in the UK. The album was preceded by the lead single Stars. The album was produced by Charlie Russell and Bradley Spence with additional production on two tracks by Starsmith.
 Rmx Works from Super Eurobeat Presents Ayu-ro Mix 3 is a remix album featuring songs by Ayumi Hamasaki. It was released on September 24 2003.
 A Little Bit of Mambo is the debut album by Lou Bega released in 1999 (see 1999 in music). Propelled by the success of the single Mambo No. 5 (A Little Bit of...) the album went platinum in over 10 countries.
 New History Warfare Vol. 2: Judges is a jazz album by musician/multi-reedist Colin Stetson. The album was released by Constellation Records in 2011. The music on New History Warfare Vol. 2: Judges was captured entirely live in single takes at Montreal's Hotel2Tango studio with no overdubs or looping using over 20 mics positioned close and far throughout the live room.
 A Eulogy for the Damned is the seventh studio album by English heavy metal band Orange Goblin. It was released by Candlelight Records in 2012.
 Weed Forestin is an album by the American indie rock band Sebadoh though some versions have been attributed to Sentridoh the solo home-recording project of American rock musician and Sebadoh member Lou Barlow. It was originally self-released by Barlow on cassette in 1987 under the Sentridoh name and sold at record stores in his native Massachusetts in an approximate run of 100.
 Beheading the Liars is Skiltron's second studio album recorded in January 2008 at La Nave de Oseberg studios. The album featuring very special guests: Steve Ramsey Kevin Ridley and Georgina Biddle from Skyclad Jonne Järvelä from Korpiklaani and Patrick Lafforegue and Patrcie Roques from Stille Volk plus the collaboration of Seoras Wallace from Clan Wallace.
 Permanent Vacation is the ninth studio album by American rock band Aerosmith released in August 1987 by Geffen Records.The album marks a turning point in the band's career. It is their first album to employ professional songwriters instead of featuring material solely composed by members of the band. This came as a suggestion of executive John Kalodner who also pushed the band to work with producer Bruce Fairbairn who remained with them for another two albums.
 Time For Change is the second album by Wendy Moten.
 Second Grand Constitution and Bylaws: Hurqalya is the second studio album by Secret Chiefs 3. It was released in 1998. The remastered version contains the bonus track Zulkifar II.
 Mina for you is an album by Italian singer Mina issued in 1969. It was recorded by Mina entirely in English.
 Born and Raised in Black & White is the second full-length disc from country music singer-songwriter Mark Collie. It was released on MCA in 1991. Calloused Hands She's Never Comin' Back and It Don't Take a Lot were released as singles.It features a cover of the song Lucky Dog originally recorded by country singer Keith Whitley on his 1988 album Don't Close Your Eyes.
 Science for the Satanic Citizen is a 1990 album by Leæther Strip released by Zoth Ommog. It incorporates a number of samples from films including Hellraiser.
 Shinkai (深海) is the 5th studio album recorded by Japanese rock band Mr. Children released in June 1996 under the record label Toy's Factory.After their breakthrough in 1994 Mr. Children yielded eight consecutive chart-topping singles.
 Fossil Fuel: The XTC Singles 1977–92 is a compilation album by XTC released in 1996. It was their third such Greatest Hits album following 1982's Waxworks: Some Singles 1977-1982 and 1987's The Compact XTC. It collects all thirty-one of their Virgin Records UK singles in chronological order.
 Resurrection is the third full-length album by the Melodic death metal Doom metal band Godgory. In October 1998 the band went to studio Fasaden and spent 5 weeks in there. Session musicians were Mikael and Thomas. Godgory also invited Fredrik Olsson as a reciter. Since he has written many lyrics for Godgory they thought it could be cool to let him do all the whispering and Matte handled the growl parts. It worked out excellent.
 Two of a Kind is the soundtrack from the movie of the same name released on 1983 on MCA Records and features songs by film's star Olivia Newton-John as well as songs from various other artists.Although the film was a critical and commercial disappointment the soundtrack was successful especially in the United States where was certified Platinum by RIAA.Newton-John American top 5 hit Twist of Fate was nominated for Best Short Form Music Video in the 27th Grammy Awards.
 A Night on the Town is Rod Stewart's seventh album released in 1976. The cover art is based on Pierre-Auguste Renoir's painting Bal du moulin de la Galette with Stewart inserted in the centre in period costume. On 30 June 2009 Rhino reissued the album as a two-disc CD with bonus tracks. Stewart performed Big Bayou regularly with The Faces during their final US tour the previous year although that version was based on the one Ronnie Wood released on his solo album Now Look.
 Live at the London Troxy is a live album by New Order recorded on 10 December 2011 at The Troxy in London. The concert was released in both a 2-CD set and a 320kbit/s MP3 download.
 Adapt or Die: Ten Years of Remixes is a remix album released by Everything But The Girl in 2005.
 Songs from the Tainted Cherry Tree is the debut studio album by English singer-songwriter Diana Vickers. Originally set for a November 2009 release the album was postponed due to Vickers' leading role in the West End play The Rise and Fall of Little Voice and it was finally released on 3 May 2010 in the United Kingdom.The lead single Once was released on 19 April 2010 and peaked at number one on the UK Singles Chart.
 Stari radovi (Old Works) is a demo album by the Serbian alternative rock band Goribor released by the Croatian independent record label Slušaj Najglasnije! in 2004 consisting of home-made demo recordings made by the band in the period between 1996 and 1997.
 Britney & Kevin: Chaotic is the first extended play (EP) by American recording artist Britney Spears. It was released on September 27 2005 by Jive Records as a bonus CD to Britney & Kevin: Chaotic... the DVD & More and as a digital download. The EP features three songs: Chaotic Someday (I Will Understand) and Mona Lisa.
 Psychedelic Mango is the debut studio album by Australian Psychedelic rock band Pond. The album was released on 9 January 2009 (only 500 copies were pressed) through Badminton Bandit and re-released digitally in 2010. According to the liner notes it was recorded by Nick Allbrook Jay Watson and Joseph Ryan on Nick's parent's house on their 8-track.Liner notes:An immaculately divided mango is carefully laid in the green summery garden behind a cottage in the middle of Fremantle.
 And Blood Was Shed in Warsaw is the third live performance recording by Polish death metal band Vader. It was released on October 8 2007 by Metal Mind. ...And Blood Was Shed in Warsaw features footage from the bands concert at Stodola Club in February 2007. The show was filmed with 7 cameras.
 King of the Doghouse is the first solo album by Francis Rossi best known as the front man in the English Rock band Status Quo released in 1996. It was recorded between the release of the band's 1996 Don't Stop 30th anniversary covers album and the recording of their 1999 Under the Influence album.
 To Violate the Oblivious is a 2004 album by the American one-man black metal act Xasthur. After the original release on Swedish Total Holocaust Records a re-mastered US pressing was released on Moribund Records in 2005 (featuring one bonus track). The same year a limited double-vinyl edition was released on German label Perverted Taste (with yet another bonus track).
 Mardi Gras is a Cowboy Mouth EP that was released in coordination with the band's 16th Annual Rock N' Roll Mardi Gras Tour. The album is composed of Mardi Gras themed music and an acoustic version of a song from the band's 2006 album Voodoo Shoppe.
 Civilized Evil is an album by French Jazz-Fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty released in 1980. It was reissued on Atlantic Records on CD in 1992.
 Bottoms of Barrels is the second album by Omaha Nebraska's Tilly and the Wall. It was released on 2006-05-23 on Team Love Records.The album was the ninth release of Team Love Records; its Australian release was June 2 2007 by Dew Process. Singles to date nationally: Bad Education Rainbows in the Dark Sing Songs Along and The Freest Man.
 Grinspoon EP also known as the Green Album the first EP by the Australian band Grinspoon was released in 1995 an includes an early version of Sickfest the song that made the band famous on the Triple J Unearthed competition. The song was later released on their first album Guide To Better Living and More Than You Are also appeared there and on their Pushing Buttons EP.
 Animal is the third and final album by Australian post-grunge band Motor Ace released in 2005. A more reflective CD it had less emphasis on upbeat rock and was heralded by critics as Motor Ace's most mature work yet.[citation needed]Unfortunately Animal didn't quite reach the commercial heights of its predecessors dropping out of the ARIA Top 40 after only three weeks.
 Punk Goes Classic Rock is the ninth album in the Punk Goes... series released by Fearless Records. It was released on April 27 2010. This also features Your Love by The Outfield for the second time to be covered. And also has a Bonus Sampler CD with it
 Update was Jane Zhang's second studio album that was released on August 2 2007. Zhang had spent one year in preparations for this album. When asked about the album's name Update Zhang explained that this is an up-graded step from her first album The One. R&B and jazz style songs were included in the new album. One of her tracks We Are Together (simplified Chinese: 我们在一起; traditional Chinese: 我們在一起)was produced for a project by the United Nations Children's Fund.
 Miniatures is a musical album by Alog released in 2005 on Rune Grammofon.
 Alpha and Omega is Tonus Peregrinus's second album of unaccompanied choral works by Antony Pitts released on Hyperion Records. The album contains the coda from the oratorio Jerusalem-Yerushalayim and the complete cycle of The I AM Sayings of Jesus. Tracks from the album have been broadcast on BBC Radio 3 and Classic FM in the UK.
 FabricLive.05 is a DJ mix compilation album by Howie B as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Burn Season is the debut album by the Florida-based hard rock music group Burn Season. The album was released on October 11 2005 via Bieler Bros. Records. The band had originally signed with Elektra Records but were dropped prior to the release of their album due to a major shakeup in the company.
 Pure Soul is the fifth released album from the Japanese rock band Glay. The album was a slight departure from the rock and power ballad sound the band sported with their previous albums. Pure Soul brought forth a faster rock sound. The album contains such hits as Yuuwaku Soul Love the concert classic I'm in Love and the title track Pure Soul. The album peaked at #1 on Oricon charts and sold about 2430000.
 Black Valley EP is a solo-release by Kristofer Åström released in 2006 on Startracks.
 I Sincerely Apologise for All the Trouble I've Caused is an album by singer-songwriter David Ford released in 2005. The album is Ford's solo debut.Ford recorded the album in his home studio over the course of 2005. Publicity material describing both Ford and the album state that I Sincerely Apologise was recorded in the cellar of his flat in Lewes.
 The Fifth Season is a live album of Polish progressive rock group Quidam released 2009. It was recorded at Teatr Śląski im. Stanisława Wyspiańskiego Katowice November 15 2005.
 Remote Memory: A Tribute to Elliott Smith is a 2006 Tribute album to Elliott Smith. The album features Sydney's best artists including Marty Willson-Piper from The Church with his rendition of 'Everything Means Nothing'.
 Crowning of Atlantis is the eighth album released by the symphonic metal band Therion. In the beginning it was an EP fleshed out with several covers and live tracks from Vovin Tour '98 that the record label and management insisted be placed on it to make it a full length album.
 Body Talk Pt. 3 is the third extended play (EP) by Swedish recording artist Robyn. The EP was released on 22 November 2010 simultaneously with Robyn's seventh studio album Body Talk (2010). In November 2011 the EP garnered a Grammy Award nomination for Best Dance/Electronica Album; while the second single Call Your Girlfriend received a nomination for Best Dance Recording.
 K. B. Blues is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1957 and originally released on the Japanese Blue Note label in 1979. The tracks were reissued on CD as part of Introducing Kenny Burrell: The First Blue Note Sessions but incorrectly identified as being recorded in 1956.
 New Distances is the first studio album by the international collaborative mathcore band Narrows.
 Sacred Treasures: Choral Masterworks from Russia is the first release in the Hearts of Space Records series 'Sacred Treasures'. The 1998 compilation album is composed of choral pieces from the Russian Orthodox Church.
 I Hear Talk is an album by pop group Bucks Fizz. Released in 1984 this was the group's fourth studio album and featured the singles Talking in Your Sleep Golden Days and I Hear Talk.
 Every Day I Have to Cry was Steve Alaimo's third album for Checker Records. Rather than capitalizing on dance crazes this album is completely devoted to songs about crying. (The debut albums of Chuck Jackson and Lesley Gore—I Don't Want to Cry! and I'll Cry If I Want To respectively—are devoted to the same subject.)The title track was later recorded by Arthur Alexander (who also wrote the song) Dusty Springfield The Valentines (featuring Bon Scott) and Johnny Rivers among others.
 Ultraglide in Black is an album by the American rock music group The Dirtbombs.The album is mostly covers of Soul and Funk songs. The band leader Mick Collins stated that that this album was his tribute to the black music he grew up with. The only song that is not a cover is Your Love Belongs Under a Rock.The album cover pays homage to Stevie Wonder's 1967 album cover for I Was Made to Love Her.
 Foreign Keys is the second album released in 1985 by musician Jandek and his eleventh overall. It finds him returning to the band sound with a vengeance and is the first all-band Jandek album with no acoustic numbers whatsoever. It's also an album almost split down the middle between tracks sung by the main artist and those by his female counterpart assumed to be Nancy (it is certainly the same vocalist from Nancy Sings on Chair Beside a Window).
 The Final Concert is a live album by the American folk music group The Kingston Trio recorded in 1967 and released in 2007 (see 2007 in music).
 Into the Great Wide Yonder is the second studio album by Danish electronic musician Trentemøller. It was released physically on May 28 2010 in Germany and worldwide on May 31 as digital download. The album's lead single Sycamore Feeling which features vocals by Danish singer Marie Fisker was released digitally on March 22 2010.
 ØØ Void (pronounced in interviews as Double-O Void) is the debut studio album by Sunn O))). The album was recorded to 24 track 2 tape at Grandmaster studios in Hollywood a large step forward in production values from the band's demo The Grimmrobe Demos.The third track Rabbits' Revenge is an interpretation of an early version of the song Hung Bunny by the Melvins from the album Lysol.In 2008 ØØ Void was reissued through Japanese record label Daymare Recordings.
 Concrete Jungle released in 2010 is the third album by Nigerian-German singer-songwriter Nneka - the album was her first US release.
 Bed and Breakfast are two albums released by Spookey Ruben. Originally released as singular albums in 2001 and 2002 they were re-packaged to a two cd set for worldwide release in 2006. In 1997 Spookey delivered tapes of what was then two EP-length releases Bed and Breakfast. TVT wasn't too keen on what they heard and grew increasingly nervous about the concept behind the double release.
 El Niño is the debut album by hip hop supergroup Def Squad. The three Def Squad members Redman Erick Sermon and Keith Murray released this album to positive critical and commercial feedback[citation needed]. It reached #2 on The Billboard 200 and had one single Full Cooperation.
 Cavalcade (Fat Wreck Chords) is the third full-length studio album by The Flatliners. It was released on April 13 2010. It features 12 songs one of which (Filthy Habits) was previously released on their 7 EP Cynics. Following the same style as its predecessor The Great Awake the band continues to expand and mature with a punk rock sound as opposed to a ska punk sound shown in their debut album Destroy to Create.
 Como Un Tatuaje is the title of a studio album by K-Paz de la Sierra. It was released on June 2 2009.
 No Grounds For Pity was a compilation album of early demo material (including a 1986 demo of the same name) by the New York hardcore band Sheer Terror.
 More is the third album by Canadian R&B singer-songwriter Tamia released on April 6 2004 in North America by Elektra Records. The album debuted number 17 on the US Billboard 200 selling 58000 copies in its first week sales and debuting at number two on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums Chart. The album has received generally positive reviews from most music critics who praised Tamia's vocals songwriting and the album's production.
 Szymanowski: Violin Concerto No. 1 is the first studio album by Scottish violinist Nicola Benedetti.
 Bliss Release is the debut album by Australian band Cloud Control. Released on 14 May 2010 Bliss Release was met with critical acclaim.
 The Greatest Hits and More is a music DVD released by Wet Wet Wet in 2004 featuring a collection of original song videos plus live performances.
 Felicidades is the fourth Spanish album by Menudo released in 1979. It features brothers Carlos Óscar and Ricky Melendez Fernando Sallaberry and René Farrait. It was a Christmas album (their first Christmas one). It was Carlos' last album with the group before being replaced by Johnny Lozada for the next album.
 Ley Lines is the second full-length album by Sacramento metalcore band Embrace the End. It was released on April 15 2008 through Century Media Records. This is the first album by Embrace The End to only feature one vocalist. In February 2009 a video was released for the track Denim on Denim Hate Crime.
 Encore is a compilation album and 67th overall album with new or live tracks by country singer Johnny Cash released on Columbia Records in 1981 (see 1981 in music). Aside from a handful of songs from previous Cash records including the hit single (Ghost) Riders in the Sky it contains one newly recorded song entitled Song of the Patriot; it features Marty Robbins. The song was released as a single with minor chart success.
 Norteño (album) is the third album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro It was released in 1980
 The Freedom Book is an album by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin featuring performances recorded in 1963 for the Prestige label.
 Menq Enq Mer Sarerệ (Armenian: Մենք Ենք Մեր Սարերը We are our Mountains) or by its English title Heartbeat of my Land is the third album by Armenian folk singers Inga and Anush.
 Rising Power was a special release compilation album from Australian heavy metal band Dungeon. It was released in Japan in 2003 by Metal Warriors to promote the band's tour there and was also given a limited release in Australia. The album featured a remix of the A Rise to Power track Insanity's Fall and newly recorded versions of the Resurrection album tracks Resurrection and Paradise featuring bass tracks by McDonald.
 Breath of Heaven: A Holiday Collection is a Christmas compilation album by Grover Washington Jr. mostly on soprano saxophone released in 1997 and nominated for a Grammy in 1998. Dawn Andrews contributes vocals and cello. Billy Childs contributes piano.
 Stop Spinning is the second EP by the band The U-Men released in 1985.
 Shots is a 2005 studio album by the Irish singer-songwriter Damien Dempsey which was released in Ireland and the United Kingdom in March 2005. It is the third studio album released by the singer-songwriter. Brian Eno provides backing vocals on the opening track Sing All Your Cares Away. The album discusses a diverse range of topics including oppression slavery drugs and poverty.Shots entered the Irish Albums Chart at #1 and reached platinum status.
 This article is about the album. For the human experimentation incident see Tuskegee syphilis experiment.Tuskegee Experiments is the first album as leader by jazz clarinettist Don Byron. Its title refers to the Tuskegee syphilis experiment — the notorious medical experiment conducted around Tuskegee Alabama lasting from 1932 to 1972 in which 400 subjects mainly poor black sharecroppers were used in an investigation of the effects of syphilis without their knowledge or consent.
 Bright As You is the most recent album in singer/songwriter Jason Harrod's list of CDs released.
 Parcel of Rogues is an album by the Electric folk band Steeleye Span. It was their most successful album thus far breaking into the Top 30.The album grew out of a theatrical project the band undertook a version of Robert Louis Stevenson's Kidnapped staged in Edinburgh.
 Still Life in Motion is a remix album by trance DJ BT released in November 2001. It was released in the United Kingdom only. It contains various remixes from BT's third studio album Movement in Still Life. It also contains four unmixed B-sides released on the United States version of Movement in Still Life only.
 Illumination! is a 1964 album by the Elvin Jones/Jimmy Garrison Sextet.
 Deep – Teenagers from Outer Space is an album by the Japanese horror punk band Balzac.
 The Opiate of the Masses is a remix EP by Industrial rock band Grotus. The EP contains Transglobal Underground remixes of the songs Kali Yuga Shivayanama and Sleepwalking.
 White Lightning and Other Favorites is an album by American country music artist George Jones. It was released in 1959 on the Mercury Records label.
 The Collection is an album series by rap group Bone Thugs-N-Harmony. Volume One consisting of hit songs between 1994 and 1998 was released on November 24 1998 on Ruthless Records. Volume Two was released in 2000. B.N.K is a remake of a song by Eazy-E entitled Black Nigga Killa. The original version with 3 verses by Eazy-E and none by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony can be found on Ruthless Records Tenth Anniversary: Decade of Game.
 All the Young Dudes is the fifth studio album by Mott the Hoople released in 1972. It was their initial album for the CBS Records label (Columbia Records in North America) after three years with Island Records in the UK and Atlantic Records in North America.
 To Madagascar and Back is an EP/DVD released by Flickerstick on 226 records in 2003. It features six new songs by Flickerstick on the EP and the DVD contains an assortment of songs performed live as well as some behind the scenes footage. The live recordings on the DVD are video versions of songs from Flickerstick's Causing a Catastrophe live album.
 I Lucifer is the second studio release from Destroy the Runner. It is the first Destroy the Runner album released with vocalist Chad Ackerman replacing Kyle Setter; and Tanner Sparks replacing Jeremiah Crespo on bass. This record takes on a far more progressive sound from their previous effort. I Lucifer was released on 15 April 2008.
 Hokey Pokey is the second album by the British duo of singer Linda and singer/songwriter/guitarist Richard Thompson. It was recorded in the autumn of 1974 and released in 1975.Listeners keen to try to find connections between the albums by the Thompsons and their personal lives may be confused by the delays between writing recording and release of the early albums.
 Reprise Musical Repertory Theatre is a series of albums released in 1963 (see 1963 in music) and released in this box set in 2000.The four discs feature the scores of four popular Broadway musicals of the time namely Finian's Rainbow (1947) Kiss Me Kate (1948) South Pacific (1949) and Guys and Dolls (1950).
 Dschinghis Khan is the debut album by German disco group Dschinghis Khan. The album includes the band's breakthrough single also called Dschinghis Khan with which they represented Germany at the Eurovision Song Contest 1979 finishing in 4th position. Included is also the follow-up Moskau a tribute to the Russian capital Moscow. Both singles were also released in English-language versions in certain markets entitled Genghis Khan and Moscow respectively.
 The Modern Lovers is the first album recorded by the Boston-based band The Modern Lovers. It was released on Beserkley Records in 1976 although the original nine tracks had been recorded in 1972 (or 1971 in the case of Hospital). Six of the original tracks were produced by John Cale. In 2003 the album was ranked number 381 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
 Somebody's Waiting is the 15th studio album by Anne Murray issued in March 1980 on Capitol Records. The album charted lower in the U.S. than most of Murray's other releases from the same period peaking at number 15 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and number 88 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart (in Murray's native Canada it reached number 32). Its first single Lucky Me reached the U.S. country top ten peaking at number 9; it also reached number 42 on the U.S. pop singles charts.
 Liveandwell.com is a 1999 limited edition live album by David Bowie. It is not available commercially and could only be acquired by being subscribed to BowieNet at the time.The album is made up of recordings from the 1997 Earthling tour featuring songs from the albums Earthling (1997) and 1. Outside (1995).A second release of the CD in 2000 came with a bonus disc made up of four rare remixes one being the song Fun which was itself not released commercially.
 Two New Sciences! is the second album by Fire Flies released on May 29th 2007.
 Glyphic is the second album by electronic musician Boxcutter.
 Def Jux Teaser 2005 is a compilation album that served as a sample of what was to come from the independent hip hop label Definitive Jux for the year 2005.
 The Else is the 12th studio album by rock group They Might Be Giants released by Idlewild Records in 2007. The album was produced in part by The Dust Brothers along with Pat Dillett and the band.The Else was first available for download through the iTunes Store on May 15 2007. The CD version was released in stores on July 10 2007 with initial runs accompanied by a full-length bonus disc of rare material Cast Your Pod To The Wind.
 Gypsies is an album by Argentine composer pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin recorded in 1978 and released on the Tabu label.
 Darker Than Silence is the sixth studio album by South African gothic rock band The Awakening released in 2004.
 Me and You is the debut album by Jeanie Tracy released in 1982 on Fantasy Records. It includes the single You and Me.
 Arthur Maia is the second solo album recorded by the Brazilian bass player Arthur Maia. The album is also known as Sonora which is the first song of it and was well criticized by professionals around the world.Its releasing show happened in Canecão Rio de Janeiro. The public filled all that place and the bassist was very acclaimed that night. Then Maia made a tour in Europe and Japan for divulging the album. He also played in Town Hall New York during Brazil-New York Jazz Festival.
 Bring It On is the second studio album by American singer Kaci Battaglia. The album was released digitally on September 21 2010 by Curb Records. Battaglia began working on the album in mid-2009 after the release of her promo single Can't Help Myself in 2007. Bring It On marks her first full-length album since I'm Not Anybody's Girl in 2002 due to her hiatus from the music business.
 Null is the first EP by the American post-metal band Intronaut.
 Black Box is the fifth studio album released by the South Korean girl group Brown Eyed Girls. The album was released on July 29 2013. The song Recipe was released on July 9 as a digital single. The song Kill Bill was used as the promotional song.
 Baptizm of Fire is a solo album by Judas Priest guitarist Glenn Tipton in 1997. It was recorded and mixed at Devonshire and Ocean Studios U.S.A. and Monnow Valley Battery Olympic and The Gazebo Studio U.K. Written and recorded in years 1994-1996 Management done by Bill Curbishley and Co-ordination done by Jayne Andrews.
 Fish Heads and Tails is a 1989 compilation album from the Scottish group Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie collecting together a selection of live tracks out-takes and cover versions.
 Born a Rebel is an album by Rebellion released in 2003.
 Live in the Navajo Nation is an Alanis Morissette DVD/VHS released in 2002 (see 2002 in music). It is part of the Music in High Places series.
 We Stand United is the third studio album by pop group beFour via Universal Records. It was released on April 18 2008 in German speaking Europe.The lead single from the album Live Your Dream was officially released on March 2008. And has topped on #1 in over 5 countries and Happy Holiday next single was smash-hit
 I'm Taking Off is the second solo album released by Backstreet Boys member Nick Carter. The album was initially released on his own record label Kaotic INC. The album sold over 20000 copies during first week in Japan alone.
 Yours Truly is the debut album by rock group Sublime with Rome which was released on July 12 2011. It is the first album since the original Sublime disbanded in 1996 due to lead singer and guitarist Bradley Nowell's death. According to the liner notes the album is dedicated to him. After the break up its surviving members Eric Wilson and Bud Gaugh reformed Sublime in 2009 almost by accident with Rome Ramirez filling in for Nowell.
 Thelema.6 is the fifth album by extreme metal band Behemoth. The album was recorded and mixed at the Hendrix Studios in Poland in July and August 2000 and was then mastered at the High-End Studio in Warsaw Poland in 2000. The album was re-released in 2000 as a limited digipak edition that was limited to only 1000 copies. An enhanced audio disc with a video for the song Christians to the Lions was included with the release.
 Death Domination is an album by Swedish band Impious. It was released on November 23 2009 in Europe and on November 24 2009 in North America through Metal Blade Records.
 Deep N tha Game is the debut album by rapper Lil Ric. It was released on October 11 1994 through No Limit Records and was produced by himself and Master P.
 Revelation is a solo cover album released in 2006 by actor and singer Christopher Lee. A music video for the song My Way (originally written by Paul Anka) was released featuring Lee in and around his home in Tufnell Park.
 Fall I Will Follow is the fifth album by the German band Lacrimas Profundere.
 Love Letters is the debut album from American country music artist Leslie Satcher. It was released in 2002 on Warner Bros. Records. Although it produced four singles none of them charted. Satcher wrote or co-wrote eleven of its twelve tracks with the only outside contribution being her cover of Bobbie Gentry's Ode to Billie Joe.
 Para Siempre (Forever) is the 79th studio album released by Mexican singer Vicente Fernández on September 18 2007 by Sony BMG. Written and produced by Joan Sebastian and co-produced by Jesús Rincón the album is a successful mariachi record. It has sold two million copies worldwide and is one of the biggest-selling albums by Fernández.
 The release of Amándote A La Italiana was meant to compile Luis Miguel's recordings in the Italian language. This album was originally released in 1985 under the name of Luis Miguel: Canta In Italiano and in 1992 was re-released also as Collezione Privata (Private Collection). In countries like Argentina Chile and Italy this album is also known as Noi Ragazzi di Oggi (We the boys of today)
 Total Eclipse Anthology is a compilation album released by Bonnie Tyler in 2002. The two disc album consisted of material that Tyler had released on all of her previous record labels up until that point: RCA CBS Hansa Records and EastWest. With tracks included from her first ten albums the anthology was fairly comprehensive.
 King Biscuit Flower Hour Presents: Deep Purple in Concert is a live album taken from a Deep Purple performance originally broadcast on the King Biscuit Flower Hour released in July 1995. It contains concert material featuring the Mark IV line-up with Tommy Bolin. The concert was recorded at the Long Beach Arena on 27 February 1976. The album contains four bonus tracks recorded at a Deep Purple concert in Springfield in January 1976.
 Deathmarch is the fourth EP by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was recorded and mixed at Endarker Studio in September 2004 and released that December by Regain Records. It features an alternative cut a b-side and two rehearsal takes of songs from Marduk's ninth studio album Plague Angel released a month prior.
 Into the Great Wide Open is the eighth studio album by American rock band Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers first released in July 1991 (see 1991 in music). The album was the band's last with MCA Records.
 ... So Good Afternoon is the second studio album by American alternative rock band Caroline's Spine. The relatively short album features many tracks which would be later re-recorded for other albums. It was intended primarily as a compilation to sell at their live shows.
 Nilsson Sings Newman is an album of Randy Newman compositions sung by Harry Nilsson with Newman on piano. The record was not a great commercial success but it was critically praised and helped Newman gain notice. It won a 1970 Record of the Year award from Stereo Review magazine and remains a fan favorite.Recorded over six weeks in 1969 the album showcases Nilsson's voice multi-tracked in layers of tone and harmony. Its arrangements are otherwise spare and graceful.
 By Your Side is the eighth album in the live praise and worship series of Praise & Worship by Hillsong Church. It was recorded live at the Hills Christian Life Centre building (now known as the Hillsong Church Hub auditorium) by Darlene Zschech and the Hillsong team.
 True is Mika Nakashima's first Japanese album. In contrast to the typical Japanese J-Pop and Western Pop artist this album was one in which Mika established a sound that would become her trademark for future albums: a mature 'Adult Contemporary'-influenced mixture of smooth jazz and soft pop.True topped the Oricon Album Chart for three straight weeks selling 1 million copies within that time span and has since sold over 1173534 copies.
 Cowboys & Englishmen is the 16th album by the Country rock band Poco. The Young-penned Feudin' was nominated for a Grammy in 1982 for Best Country Instrumental Performance. Largely made up of cover songs the album was Poco's last for MCA and reflected the fact that it was a contractual obligation album.
 Hollywood EP is an EP by Australian folk duo Angus & Julia Stone. It features the single Hollywood from A Book Like This as well as three re-recorded songs from that album.All the Colours and Johnny and June are new versions of Wasted and Hollywood respectively with Angus singing. Lonely Hands is Julia's version Just a Boy.All three re-done versions appear on 'Red Berries' the 2010 bonus disc for Down the Way.
 Pure is the debut EP by The Jesus Lizard released in 1989. The cover artwork was by bassist David Wm. Sims. This is the only record by the Jesus Lizard recorded with a drum machine. Drummer Mac McNeilly was added to the group soon after it was recorded. The song Blockbuster was sung by bassist David Wm. Sims and was covered by the Melvins with David Yow on vocals on their album The Crybaby.
 Mermaid Boulevard is Kazumi Watanabe's sixth studio album released in 1978.
 Another Late Night: Zero 7 is a DJ mix album mixed by Zero 7. It is the fourth in the series from Late Night Tales. It was released on 18 February 2002 on Late Night Tales in the UK (catalogue no. ALNCD04) and on Kinetic Records in the USA (catalogue no. 67728-54705-2).
 20th Century Masters – The Millennium Collection: The Best of Robert Palmer is a compilation album by Robert Palmer released through Universal Music Group The collection spans his history from 1974 through 1985.
 Moxy II is the second studio album by the Canadian hard rock and heavy metal band Moxy released in 1976. The album was recorded in Toronto Canada at Sound Stage studio in April 1976 with Jack Douglas producing. The album produced two songs that hit the charts in Canada with Take It Or Leave It that reached number 14 and Cause There's Another that reached number 16 on the Top 30 on CHUM (AM) in Toronto Canada and the KISS-FM Texas hits Midnight Flight and One More Heartbreak.
 Leaked in London is a live EP that was recorded by American rock band Fall Out Boy on January 29 2007. It was brought up because the band's fourth album Infinity on High was leaked onto the internet on January 19 2007 three weeks before its official scheduled release.
 Back to the Tracks is an album by hard-bop tenor Tina Brooks recorded in 1960 and released posthumously. The tracks first appeared on a Mosaic 12 LP (MR4-106) entitled The Complete Blue Note Recordings of The Tina Brooks Quintets. The album was originally intended as BLP 4052 but for some reason it was shelved at the time.
 Blowing My Mind is the first album by the Barry Goldberg Blues Band. It was released in 1966 (see 1966 in music).
 Tense is the seventh Korean studio album (thirteenth overall) by South Korean pop duo TVXQ. It was released on January 6 2014 by S.M. Entertainment. The record was promoted as a commemorative album for the duo's tenth debut anniversary which fell on December 26 2013. Tense consists of modern R&B and pop songs with components of neo soul. Its lead single Something also has elements of swing jazz with big band arrangements.
 Soda Fountain Shuffle is the 12th studio album by Earl Klugh released in 1985. This is the first album which Klugh recorded for Warner Bros. Records. Unlike his other albums where Klugh is accompanied by full orchestras in this release Klugh is backed by a 6-man band. The album contains 10 original Klugh instrumentals balancing his subtle and soft playing against a full range of electronic accompaniment.
 Maybe It's Live is Robert Palmer's seventh solo album released in 1982. It combines six live tracks of old songs with four new songs recorded in the studio including Some Guys Have All the Luck which was a hit for Palmer in the UK peaking at #16 on the UK chart.The album peaked at #23 in Sweden and #92 in the Netherlands.
 I Am the Phoenix is the title of the third album by the British singer-songwriter Judie Tzuke released in 1981. It peaked at no.17 on the UK Album Chart.Originally released on vinyl and cassette by Elton John's record label named The Rocket Record Company the album was reissued on CD in 2000 by Tzuke's own record company Big Moon Records with new cover artwork.
 Agents Of Anarchy is a compilation album from the Sex Pistols. it was released in August 2008.
 Chappaqua Suite is a free jazz album recorded and released in 1965 by alto saxophonist Ornette Coleman. It was originally commissioned by actor/director Conrad Rooks as the soundtrack to his film Chappaqua; however the music was not used in the released version of the film. According to the album's liner notes Rooks decided upon hearing Coleman's music that he found it was so beautiful that he feared it would overpower the imagery and action of the film.
 Memphis Blood: The Sun Sessions is an album by American guitarist James Blood Ulmer recorded in and released on the Hyena label in 2001. The album features Ulmer covering fourteen blues standards recorded at Sun Studio.
 Rhyfelwr is the debut album by the Welsh rock band Crys. It was released in 1981 on the Sain record label and was available on LP and Cassette. It is no longer in print.
 Conscious Party is Ziggy Marley & The Melody Makers' third album. It was released in 1988. This album became popular with the hits Tumblin' Down and Tomorrow People. It won the Grammy Award for Best Reggae album in 1989.In 2009 Tomorrow People was voted the 85th greatest one-hit wonder of the 80s by Vh1.
 One For The Man Over There is the first and only album by Northern Irish trio The Tides and was released on 1 February 2007. The album was only released at a small Magherafelt record store and a Belfast HMV which the band performed at to promote the album however the album is extremely rare and is hard to find the physical copy and an online download.
 Twilight in Olympus is the fourth studio album by progressive metal band Symphony X which was released in 1998.
 Taste The Music is the fifth album by American New York City based Kleeer.
 In Control US5's second studio album was released in Germany on November 24 2006. The album was in two formats: normal and limited edition. The reloaded version was released in November 2007 and featured 7 new tracks including the latest singles Rhythm of Life and Too Much Heaven. The re-released edition featured vocals from Vincent Thomas in all songs. It also omits five tracks from the original album (Let Me Know A Girl Like You Baby You're the One Mama and Baby I Like).
 Deluxe is the second album from the highly influential Krautrock/Kosmische Musik group Harmonia. Harmonia was formed by the addition of Neu! guitarist Michael Rother to Cluster the duo of Hans-Joachim Roedelius and Dieter Moebius.Deluxe was recorded in June 1975 in Harmonia's studio in Forst Germany. It was first released on the Brain Records label in 1975. It was produced by the band members and legendary Krautrock producer Conny Plank.
 thefearofmissingout is the second studio album by thenewno2 released on 31 July 2012 by H.O.T. Records Ltd. The album was produced by members Dhani Harrison and Paul Hicks under the name pHd.As part of the promotion for the album thenewno2 released the track Make It Home on the band's Facebook page and to members of the band's website e-mail listing as well as to Rolling Stone.
 Progression is Markus Schulz's second Artist Album and was released in 2007. This Progressive Trance album was released under exclusive license in the United States and Canada to Ultra Records Inc. The album features the vocals of Kate Cameron Anita Kelsey Carrie Skipper and Dauby Talles. It also includes collaborations with Chakra and Andy Moor.
 Greatest Shit is compilation album by KMFDM released on September 28 2010. This special edition version of Würst has the same track listing as that album on its first disc and comes with a second disc of additional mixes and edits of new and classic KMFDM tracks.
 The Last Album was the last studio album Albert Ayler recorded before his death in 1970. The album was released posthumously (hence the title) in 1971 on Impulse! Records. The album consists of outtakes from the sessions for Music Is the Healing Force of the Universe. The album was recorded August 26-29 1969 at Plaza Sound Studios in New York City.
 Feel My Mind is the third studio album released by Japanese pop singer Koda Kumi released on February 2004.
 The Fat Lady Sings - Best of the Springbok Nude Girls 1995-2001 is a compilation album from the South African alternative rock band Springbok Nude Girls. It was released in 2001 by Epic records in South Africa.
 Flesh Tone is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Kelis first released on May 14 2010. Recorded while the singer was an unsigned artist and while pregnant with her first child the record is an ode to motherhood and is a distinct departure from the urban sound of her previous album Kelis Was Here.
 Dreamshow is a live DVD by Siouxsie released in 2005. It was filmed at the Royal Festival Hall in London in October 2004. The songs are performed on stage with the Millennia Ensemble orchestra and incorporate music from her thirty year career with her bands The Banshees and The Creatures.
 The Dawn of Grace is a Christmas album by the alternative rock/indie pop band Sixpence None the Richer. The record was released on October 14 2008.
 Now is the third album released by The Tubes. It was partially produced by John Anthony. John Anthony left the project after a drug-induced breakdown Bill Spooner took over and completed the project with the help of engineer Don Wood and Bud Scoopa.Now features a cover version of Captain Beefheart's My Head Is My Only House Unless It Rains and Captain Beefheart also played saxophone on Cathy's Clone.
 The Time Machine is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton recorded in 1966 and released on the RCA label.
 New Forms is the debut album by the drum and bass act Roni Size / Reprazent and was released in 1997. The double-disc set was the winner of the Mercury Music Prize in 1997 and often cited as their magnum opus.A companion remix album Replica was also released. It includes Western the UK b-side of the Brown Paper Bag single along with various remixes of album tracks.The album went on to be re-recorded as New Forms² in 2008.
 In the Mood for Something Rude is the eleventh studio album by British hard rock band Foghat released in 1982. All eight tracks on the album were penned by outside writers and the record is something of a covers album in which the band applies its bluesy rock and roll style over a collection of R&B and country tunes.
 Reflections of the I is the first full-length album by Norwegian progressive metal band Winds. It was released on September 7 2002.
 Freight Train is the thirteenth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was released on March 30 2010. The album's first single It's Just That Way was released on January 4 2010.
 Min önskejul was released in 1997 and is a Christmas album from Swedish singer Sanna Nielsen. On November 19 2001 the album was released in an updated version.
 Antithesis is the fourth studio album by technical death metal band Origin. It was released through Relapse Records on April 1 2008. It peaked at #21 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart.
 The Rocky Horror Picture Show is the original soundtrack album to the 1975 film The Rocky Horror Picture Show an adaptation of the musical The Rocky Horror Show that had opened in 1973. The soundtrack was released as an album in 1975 by Ode Records produced by Richard Hartley.
 Sy Smith Live: Worship At The Temple is a live DVD by American R&B singer Sy Smith that was released in the US in 2007.
 Altered Genesis is the third studio album by Norwegian death metal band Blood Red Throne. The album was released on February 22 2005 by Earache Records.
 Tangles is an album by American singer-songwriter S. J. Tucker released in 2005 (See 2005 in music).
 Walkin' in the Sun is the 46th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1990 (see 1990 in music). It includes the single She's Gone Gone Gone Campbell's last Top 10 hit on the country music charts. The single itself was released via Universal Records a short-lived label founded by Jimmy Bowen instead.
 Film Noir is singer-songwriter Carly Simon's twenty-second album nineteenth studio album and third album devoted to standards released in 1997. Jimmy Webb co-produced the album and contributed his vocals orchestration and piano skills to the project which was filmed for an AMC documentary (which premiered in September 1997). He also co-wrote the song Film Noir with Simon. John Travolta sings a duet with Simon on the song Two Sleepy People.
 Back in Your Life is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist Julian Austin. It was released by ViK. Recordings on March 7 2000. The album peaked at number 10 on the RPM Country Albums chart.
 Pink Blossom is the fourth mini-album by South Korean girl group A Pink released on March 31 2014. The title track Mr. Chu was used to promote the album.
 Live is the fourth album by Vanessa Paradis and her first live album. It was also her last album until Bliss. The album was recorded on her Natural High Tour and is unique for featuring a large number of English songs when compared to her other live albums and tours.
 Nothing Comes for Free is an EP released by the Christian rock band Pillar. It features 3 new songs (including a different mix of Everything) and 4 live tracks recorded at Blue Cats in Knoxville Tennessee. The other 2 new songs Our Escape and Dangerous are not available on The Reckoning. The EP was only available at live shows and at their webstore. A limited number of 10000 copies were created.
 New Blood is the ninth studio album by British rock musician Peter Gabriel released on 10 October 2011. The album consists of orchestral re-recordings of various tracks from throughout Gabriel's career.
 Body Blow is the second studio album by New Zealand rock band the Headless Chickens. It was originally released in 1991 then rereleased for Australian in 1993 with a substantially reworked tracklist losing Crash Hot and Road Train but gaining Mr Moon Juice Choppers and some remixes. Body Blow was the Headless Chickens most successful album including three top-10 singles and achieving double platinum sales.
 Magic Disk (マジックディスク Majikku Disuku) is the sixth studio album by the Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation released on June 23 2010. It was announced in April 2010 after Gotoh posted an entry into his diary stating the title and that it would be released on June 23 2010.
 David Grisman's Acoustic Christmas is an album by American musician David Grisman released in 1983.
 Scratchappyland contains selections from the Scratchcratchratchatch mixtape. It was released in 10 format by Ninja Tune (ZEN10KK). Due to heavy use of unlicensed samples the 10 has a label with 'for promotional use only - not for resale' printed on it.
 Time After Time is a 1992 compilation album by Crumbächer.
 Antmusic: The Very Best of Adam Ant is a greatest hits compilation album. It includes songs from Adam and the Ants & Adam Ant's solo work.
 Evacuate is the third album released by British punk rock band Chelsea. Originally released in 1982 by Step Forward it was re-issued in 2008 by Captain Oi! The album cover featured Mark Robertson-formerly of London Psychobilly group The Meteors however the drum tracks had already been recorded when Robertson joined but he did go on to perform a whole host of gigs with the band before forming The Escalators & later Tall Boys with another ex Meteor vocalist & bassist Nigel Lewis.
 A Far Cry from Home is a live album released by Finch performed on 5 March 2009 at Shibuya Club Quattro Tokyo Japan. It was initially released as a Japanese only edition on 9 September 2009 as well as digitally. An American version was released when the band announced their break-up in late 2010.
 I Com is an album by Miss Kittin released in 2004 on label NovaMute. It was Miss Kittin's first solo release having previously released albums in collaboration with The Hacker and Golden Boy. As in her previous works electro funk and electroclash continue to be the primary genres.Most of the tracks on the album were produced by Miss Kittin with either Thies Mynther and Tobi Neumann (producers of Chicks On Speed). House music vocalist L.A.
 Counterpoint is the third album by Jason Webley released in 2002.
 Super Sunshine is Gary Chaw's third album was released on 4 January 2008.
 The 20/20 Experience – The Complete Experience is a compilation album by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake. It was released on September 27 2013 by RCA Records.
 Gekkou is a DVD released by Japanese singer Gackt on August 6 2003.
 Descended Like Vultures is an album by Oakland-based band Rogue Wave. It was released October 25 2005 on Sub Pop Records.
 Dis Unu Fi Hear is the fourth studio album by Beenie Man.
 Kinda Country is an album released by Eerie Von in 2009 on Ghastly Records. It is Eerie Von's fifth album since he left the metal band Danzig. The album is notable for being the first by Eerie Von not to fit into the rock genre instead featuring a dark country-style sound. The choice of album title was inspired by this fact. Eerie Von first began writing songs from Kinda Country as far back as 1996.
 Photoflamingo is the fifth studio album by Crack the Sky. It was released on LP in 1981 by Lifesong Records (catalog #LS-8133).
 Live is Jake Shimabukuro's 2009 solo album. It was released in April 2009 and consists of live in-concert performances from various venues around the world including New York Chicago Japan and Hawaii.Live peaked at number 5 in Billboard's Top World Music Albums in 2009 and 2010. The album won the 2010 Na Hoku Hanohano Award for Instrumental Album of the Year and also garnered Shimabukuro the award for Favorite Entertainer of the Year.
 March 12 is the first solo album by Canadian singer-songwriter Frederick Squire released November 2 2010 on Blue Fog Recordings.The album recorded at Squire's home studio in Sackville New Brunswick on March 12 2010 was originally released as a limited edition seven-song EP sold only at Squire's live shows.
 Tragedies is the first full length album by the Norwegian funeral doom/death metal band Funeral. Track one of the album Taarene is sung in Norwegian while the other four tracks are sung in English. The album contains three original tracks and two from the Beyond All Sunsets demo. It was originally released through Arctic Serenades then rereleased through Firebox Records along with the Tristesse demo and three bonus tracks.
 Good Timin': Live at Knebworth England 1980 is a CD and DVD release of a concert performance by the Beach Boys at Knebworth Hertfordshire in June 1980. Because of Brian Wilson's limited tour schedule with the Beach Boys Knebworth is the only live album to feature all six Beach Boys—Brian Wilson Dennis Wilson Carl Wilson Mike Love Al Jardine and Bruce Johnston.
 Od zlata jabuka (trans. Golden Apple) is the sixth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band YU grupa. Od zlata jabuka released ina 1987 is the band's first album since they reunited the same year.The album cover features a detail from Albrecht Dürer's painting Adam and Eve.
 Goat Horns is the second studio album by Ukrainian black metal band Nokturnal Mortum. It was released on cassette tape in July 1997 through Morbid Noizz Productions.
 Authorized Greatest Hits is the third compilation album by the American rock band Cheap Trick. The tracks were handpicked by the band themselves in contrast to their previous Greatest Hits release in 1991. It contains several rarities including one from the EP Found All the Parts.
 Peacetour is a live concert video and DVD release from the British pop duo Eurythmics. It is a recording of the band's concert at the London Docklands Arena on 6 December 1999 which was the final show of their 24-date world Peace Tour. All profits from the tour were donated to Amnesty International and Greenpeace.The live concert features a selection of hits from Eurythmics' successful 1980s period and several newer tracks from the band's comeback album Peace (1999).
 Every Struggle is the second studio album by Riyu Kosaka and her first major album since she joined record label Avex Trax. It was released on February 27 2008. This album features 7 new tracks as well a slight different version of Danzai no Hana: Guilty Sky and marks the return of Naoki Maeda as a compositor for Riyu.
 Let There Be Love is Joni James debut album recorded in 1953 and released by MGM Records at the end of the year. It was released in a four-disc 10-inch 78-rpm record box in both a two-disc 7-inch 45-rpm extended-play foldout album and a four-disc 45-rpm regular-play box and on a 10-inch 33⅓-rpm album. The serial number 222 coincidentally included James's lucky number 22 which appeared in many of her record serial numbers all over the world.
 Babilla is a studio album released by Puerto Rican singer Vico C. Babilla - 4:28 Pólvora - 4:03 Sentimiento (Feat. Arcángel) - 3:41 Se Escapa (Feat. Yaga & Mackie) - 5:25 Moriré - 4:21 Payasito (Feat. Wiso G) - 3:22 El Silencio Mata - 4:16 El Corazón Se Pone Bruto - 3:22 La Prueba de Farmacia (Feat. Gustavo Laureano) - 3:59 Por Eso Lloro - 3:47 Angelina (Feat. Ángel López) - 4:32 Aquí la Que Falló Fue Usted (Feat. Andy Montañez) - 3:57 Agua - 3:56
 Enemy of the State is the seventh studio album by American rapper C-Bo released July 11 2000 on C-Bo's own label West Coast Mafia Records and Warlock Records. It peaked at number 24 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 91 on the Billboard 200. Enemy of the State was C-Bo's first album on his new label West Coast Mafia after leaving AWOL Records which he did after the release of Til My Casket Drops.
 The Best of The Korgis is a compilation album of recordings by English pop band The Korgis. It was released on Rialto Records in the UK in 1983.
 Fighting Chance was the first recording released by Flee the Seen in 2003. It is actually a self-titled EP as the band was then known as Fighting Chance at the time of its release. The band did not take the name Flee the Seen until close to a year later. Kim Anderson and R.L. Brooks are the only current FTS members who perform on the record which is no longer in print.
 I Think About You is the fourth studio album released by American country music artist Collin Raye. Released in 1995 on Epic Records I Think About You was also Raye's fourth consecutive album to receive a platinum certification by the RIAA. The album produced the singles I Think About You Not That Different On the Verge One Boy One Girl Love Remains and What If Jesus Comes Back Like That.
 Antisleep Vol. 02 is the third album by Blue Stahli and his second instrumental-based album after Antisleep Vol. 01 the digital album was released on December 9 2011 and the CD was released on December 16 2011.
 Terra Firma is the eighth album by Scottish Celtic rock group Wolfstone. It was released in 2007.
 Forgiven Not Forgotten is the debut album by Irish folk rock group The Corrs. It was released by Atlantic Records on 26 September 1995 across the world. The album was primarily produced by David Foster with additional production by Jim Corr.
 Albatross is the third studio album by Big Wreck. It is the band's first album since 2001's The Pleasure and the Greed and the first without original members Dave Henning and Forrest Williams. The album was released on March 6 2012. The lead single and title track of the album Albatross was released on November 21 2011. On March 26 the band released a music video of the album's second single Wolves.In 2012 the album won the CASBY Award for Favourite New Album.
 One Offs... Remixes & B-Sides is a compilation album released in 2002 by the British electronic music artist Bonobo. It features rare and previously unreleased work and remixes of tracks from his first album Animal Magic. The album was released in 2002 on the Tru Thoughts label.
 Mulligan Meets Monk is a jazz album by baritone saxophonist Gerry Mulligan and pianist Thelonious Monk originally released on Riverside Records in 1957. It has been reissued numerous times. It was remastered for CD in 1987 (on Fantasy's Original Jazz Classics) with three additional alternative takes from the original session.
 Washed Up and Through the Ringer! is a 2001 album by ska punk band Catch 22. It represents a particularly complicated point in the band's history. Vocalist Jeff Davidson left the band in early 2001 leading the remaining band members to carry out a very public search for a replacement vocalist going so far as to post an open call for would-be singers on the band's website.
 ...Until We Felt Red is the third album by American guitarist Kaki King released in 2006.
 Poets and Madmen is a heavy metal album released in 2001 by the band Savatage the band's eleventh full-length release overall and as of 2013 their last studio album. The album has a loose concept based around real life journalist Kevin Carter but has much less narrative in the lyrics than the previous two rock operas (Dead Winter Dead and The Wake of Magellan) penned by Paul O'Neill. Everything said in the album is fiction except with regards to what is sung about Carter.
 A Son of the Sun is the debut album by Uyama Hiroto released on Hydeout Productions in 2008. Although the album is considered as hip-hop it incorporates jazzy sounds of multi-layered piano guitar saxophone and keyboards with little vocals involved. The album combines live instrumentation with samples.
 Gotta Let This Hen Out! is a live recording of Robyn Hitchcock and the Egyptians recorded in April 1985 shortly after the group had come together for Fegmania!.The set was recorded at the Marquee and the tapes cleaned up for release at Alaska Studios with minor drop-in overdubs.
 The Last Don Live is a live album by Don Omar. The second CD contains 3 studio tracks: Pobre Diabla and the 2 versions of Carta A Un Amigo. The album sold over 2500000 copies worldwide.
 Red Right Return (stylized as R∃D ЯIGHT R∃TЦЯИ) is the third studio album by Janus. The first release of this album was on November 18 2008 through Level It Records/Glass Bottom Boat Music. It was later re-released on September 22 2009 through REALID Records.
 Motown Remixed is a 2005 compilation album containing remixed versions of Motown hits released on May 24 2005 by Motown/Universal Records.Several hip hop and dance producers including: Z-Trip DJ Jazzy Jeff The Randy Watson Experience Salaam Remi Groove Boutique (aka DJ Rafe Gomez and David Baron) and Easy Mo Bee took hit records by The Jackson 5 The Temptations The Supremes and others and re-imagined them in new styles.
 No More Sleep is the second studio album by Hard trance duo Cosmic Gate. It was released on July 8th 2002 in Germany.
 Infinitize (stylized as INFINITIZE) is the third mini album from the South Korean boyband Infinite. It was released on May 15 2012. The title song The Chaser was used to promote the album. The track Only Tears was released in May 8 one week before the EP release as a prologue single. During June 29 until July 1 the group performed the song In the Summer.
 Beck Bogert & Appice is the eponymous debut album by the '70s band Beck Bogert & Appice. They were a supergroup and power trio with the line up of guitarist Jeff Beck (who had already been a member of The Yardbirds and The Jeff Beck Group) bassist Tim Bogert and drummer Carmine Appice (both formerly members of Vanilla Fudge and Cactus).
 Tha Dogg Pound Gangsta LP is the sixth studio album by rapper Daz Dillinger. It was released on January 25 2005 through D.P.G. Recordz.
 Red Hot is RuPaul's third official album release. Red Hot consists of a mixture of house pop club/dance and R&B songs. It includes the three Top 10 Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart hits Looking Good Feeling Gorgeous Workout and People Are People. Highlights include Are You Man Enough Hollywood USA Freaky/Kinky and Just a Little In & Out.
 Fine Fascination is the debut album from multi-national London England-based rock band Red Light Company. The album is set for release on Lavolta/Sony BMG on 2 March 2009 in the UK. The album was produced by Adrian Bushby (U2 Placebo Foo Fighters). Initial pressings of Fine Fascination ordered on online outlets only come with a limited edition 5-track bonus disc.
 Sean-Nós Nua is the sixth full-length album by Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor. It consists of traditional Irish songs the title meaning new old-style and also referring to the popular style of traditional Irish music Sean-nós .The album sold 225000 copies worldwide.
 Harmaja is the debut album by Finnish acoustic rock band Harmaja. It was released on 18 February 2009 in Finland through Wiima.
 Twogether is a 2001 studio album by Bucky Pizzarelli and John Pizzarelli of jazz standards a particular specialty of the pair. The Victrola Records label is small and independent.
 Live is a live album by Soft Cell. The album was released on October 7 2003 and was recorded throughout Spring 2003 in Birmingham Manchester Leeds London and Brussels during the group's tour in support of the album Cruelty Without Beauty.Live was reissued on June 27 2005 with the title Say Hello Wave Goodbye: Live on the Music Club label (MCCD573). This edition featured completely new artwork including alternative live photos and a new essay by Adam Woods of Music Week magazine.
 Your Majesty is the second full-length album released by emo band The Anniversary. The album was recorded in June 2001 and released on January 22 2002. The album sold rather well reaching #17 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart and #15 on the Indie chart.
 Student Studies is a live album by Cecil Taylor recorded in November 1966 and released on the Japanese BYG label as an untitled 2LP set in 1973. It features a performance by Taylor with Jimmy Lyons Alan Silva and Andrew Cyrille. The Allmusic Review by Thom Jurek states This is the sound of an artist at a creative peak of his improvisational and authoritative power to lead a band through the maze of sonic architecture and come out with something that was truly new and different.
 New Tomorrow is the third studio album by the Serbian Irish folk/Celtic rock band Irish Stew of Sindidun released in 2011.The album was released on October 6 available both on CD released by One Records and in a form of multimedia application available for free download from the band's official website.
 One to One is the third album by British pop musician Howard Jones released in October 1986. The CD release also contains the single version of No One Is to Blame (a song featured on his previous album) with Phil Collins on backing vocals and drums. The album contained the hits You Know I Love You...Don't You? (US top twenty) and All I Want (top 40 in many European countries).
 On Letting Go is the second album by Circa Survive. Released on May 29 2007 by Equal Vision Records the album entered the U.S. Billboard 200 at number 24 selling about 24000 copies in its first week. As of July 11 2007 it had sold 51357 copies in the US.
 My Own is the second album released by Young Bleed. It was released on February 1 2000 on Priority. My Own reachedP #61 on the Billboard 200 and #17 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. After the release of this album he would later resurface on West Coast Mafia Records.
 Arany-Album is the sixth studio album of the Hungarian folk metal band Dalriada. The tracks are musicalized versions of popular works by János Arany. It won the 2009 HangSúly Hungarian Metal Awards out of 70 contestants and peaked at position 4 in the Hungarian Mahasz official charts.
 Before the Frost...Until the Freeze is a 2009 double album by blues rock band The Black Crowes. It was recorded before a live audience at Levon Helm's Woodstock NY studio The Barn in late February and early March 2009.The album was produced by long time band collaborator Paul Stacey and released on Silver Arrow Records. The CD itself is designed to have the appearance of a vinyl record.
 Rhythm of the Pride Lands is an audio CD released on February 28 1995 by Walt Disney Records a sequel to the original motion picture soundtrack of the animated film The Lion King. The CD was originally an independent project developed by Jay Rifkin and Lebo M and included songs and performances inspired by but not featured in the film. As the project developed Disney came on board and supported the project.
 Sings Spirituals is the fourth studio album by B. B. King in 1959.
 Solid Steel Presents Hexstatic – Listen & Learn is a DJ mix album mixed by Hexstatic released as part of the Solid Steel mix series.The album cover features a Speak & Spell – an educational toy which was popular in the 1980s.
 Patashnik (1994) is an ambient house album the second release by musician Biosphere (alias Geir Jenssen). It was released by Origo Sound in Norway and by Apollo in the rest of the world. Its track Novelty Waves was used for a 1995 Levi's ad campaign.
 Herzeleid is the debut album by German industrial metal band Rammstein. It was released on 29 September 1995.The album's original cover depicted the band members' upper bodies without clothing.
 Rithu Geethangal (Malayalam:ഋതുഗീതങ്ങള്‍) is a Malayalam light music album composed by Raveendran in 2004. The lyrics of the songs were written by Kaithapram and the songs were sung by Dr. K. J. yesudas Vijay Yesudas and Nanditha. The album was produced by ayaan of Yesudas' Tharangini Records.
 The Assassin is the debut album by rapper Big Ed. It was released on September 1 1998 through No Limit Records and was mostly produced by members of Beats By the Pound with one track produced by former 2 Live Crew member Mr. Mixx (I'm Yo Soldier) and one track produced by Les G (My Entourage). The Assassin was a success peaking at #15 on the Billboard 200 and #3 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and featured one single Rodeo.
 A Secret Wish was the 1985 debut album of synthpop band Propaganda. Released by ZTT Records it was produced by Stephen Lipson and label boss Trevor Horn. The singles Duel and Dr. Mabuse were both Top 30 UK chart hits.
 Fiendin' 4 tha Funk was the debut album by rap group 11/5. It was released on March 31 1995 for Dogday Records and featured production from The Enhancer T.C. and Reggie Smith. Fiendin' 4 tha Funk peaked at #76 on the Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Something to Remember is a compilation album by American singer-songwriter Madonna released on November 3 1995 by Maverick Records. The record was conceived after a controversial period in Madonna's career when many critics had speculated that her career had declined.
 Volver is an album by the Enrico Rava/Dino Saluzzi Quinter recorded in 1987 and released on the ECM label.
 Regional Community Theater is the debut album by the American group LadybiRdS released in 2007 on Creep Records.
 I'll Be Seeing You is the third studio album by Filipino pop-jazz singer Richard Poon released in the Philippines in October 2010 by MCA Records. The album consists mostly of cover versions of classics hits such as The Way You Look Tonight Fever and L-O-V-E. It features the singer's Sessionistas co-performers Nina and Sitti. It also features a limited edition 2011 photo calendar of Poon.
 Just Say Yesterday was Sire Records' Volume 6 of Just Say Yes and was originally released on September 1 1992 as a CD sampler. It contained remixes and non-album tracks of artists on the label most of which were considered new wave or modern rock (all would eventually fall under the genre alternative rock).
 2011 Winter SMTown – The Warmest Gift is the eighth winter album by SMTown released on December 13 2011 by SM Entertainment and distributed by KMP Holdings in South Korea. It is the first winter compilation album in four years and also their first album to have all songs sung entirely in English.
 Life is Still Beautiful is the studio album by pop group The Orange Lights. It was released in 2007 on WEA.
 Give'n It was originally a demo released by the band Pepper in 2000.The demo was released on Skunk records/ Cornerstone RAS. It was eventually reissued by the band's label LAW Records in 2003.
 iTunes Festival: London 2010 is a live extended play (EP) by English pop soul and soft rock singer Paloma Faith. The EP was recorded at the iTunes Festival in London England on 3 July 2010 it was released on 7 July 2010 as an iTunes-exclusive digital download.
 Silver & Gold is the sixth studio album and second Christmas album by Vanessa Williams originally released in the US on October 12 2004 on Lava Records and purchased by YMC Records in 2005. It gained critical acclaim like its predecessor Star Bright did in 1996 although not a major success selling only 100000 copies to date. The album peaked at #120 on the Billboard 200 #46 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums #24 on the Top Holiday Albums and #2 on the Top Gospel Albums.
 Cathedral Engine is an album by Psychic TV.
 God Is My Bike is the debut album by Maïa Vidal released 28 October 2011 in Europe on the Crammed Discs label. The album was made available in the United States iTunes Store on 30 October 2012.
 Retráctate was the second studio album from the Chilean pop band Supernova.
 Broken Bells is the self-titled debut album from Broken Bells consisting of James Mercer of indie rock band The Shins with producer and multi-instrumentalist Brian Burton (aka Danger Mouse) and was released on March 9 2010.In 2011 Broken Bells was nominated for Best Alternative Music Album at the 53rd Grammy Awards.
 Everything You Know is the third studio album by Pennsylvania hardcore punk band Wisdom In Chains. It was released in 2009 on I Scream Records.
 The Best Samba... Ever! is a compilation album released by EMI in 2006.
 Awayland is the second studio album by Irish indie folk band Villagers released on January 11 2013 on Domino Records. Co-produced by band members Conor O'Brien and Tommy McLaughlin the album was preceded by the single Nothing Arrived.Like its predecessor Becoming a Jackal (2010) the album has been nominated for the Mercury Prize.
 This is a re-release of the first studio album by 10 Foot Ganja Plant. Released on the ROIR record label. The release features two bonus tracks.
 District Six is the debut album by Amphibious Assault. It was released in 2003.
 The Greatest Hits Collection is the first greatest hits album by Canadian country music singer Michelle Wright. It was released on November 2 1999 on Arista Nashville/BMG Music Canada in Canada. The album features 13 of Wright's singles and three newly recorded songs.
 12 Songs of Christmas is a 1964 studio album by Frank Sinatra Bing Crosby and Fred Waring with his orchestra.
 The Artist Collection is a compilation album by rapper Busta Rhymes.
 Work It Out is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock band Caroline's Spine. The album's second track The Light Inside served as the album's lead single in late 2008.In 2008 Newquist recorded Work It Out in Austin Texas and Scottsdale Arizona.
 Late Night Heartbroken Blues is the debut studio album release by Swedish Singer-songwriter Miss Li. It was released on November 22 2006 and reached #60 on the Swedish albums chart where it charted for one single week.The album was recorded in A-Stream Studio at Sankt Eriksplan in Stockholm by recording engineer Henrik Åström.
 Live Phish Vol. 19 was recorded live at the Colonial Theater in Keene New Hampshire on July 12 1991.This concert was recorded during the middle of the band's 1991 summer tour with the Giant Country Horns - a three-piece horn section that would learn and perform individual sections of Phish songs during concerts.
 Corporação is the third studio album of the band Bonde da Stronda released on 4 July 2012 by the label Galerão Records.The first music video from the album is the song Tem que Respeitar launched on 13 July 2012 which makes music a mix of hip-hop with samba where Dudu Nobre and Mr. Thug play their ukuleles together a rap beat.
 La Scala is a live solo piano album by American pianist Keith Jarrett which was released on the ECM label in 1997. It was recorded in concert on February 13 1995 at the Teatro alla Scala in Milano Italy.
 Fabric 40 is a 2009 album by Mark Farina. The album was released as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 Ecology of Souls is the debut album of Kenneth Newby released in 1993 through Songlines Recordings.
 Wellwater Conspiracy is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Wellwater Conspiracy. It was released on September 9 2003 through Megaforce Records.
 Gods of War is Blasphemy's second full-length album released in 1993. The 1989 demo Blood Upon the Altar has been released as bonus on all of the editions of this album to compensate for the albums overly short running time. All songs were composed by Blasphemy.
 Peep This is the debut studio album by American singer and actor Jamie Foxx then of In Living Color fame. It was released by Fox Records in 1994. The album peaked at #78 in the Billboard 200. Eleven years later Foxx came out with the release of his chart-topping album Unpredictable.
 The Best of the Moody Blues is a compilation album by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues released on 28 January 1997. The album was also the Moody Blues' first compilation album to feature Go Now a song recorded in 1964 with then lead singer Denny Laine who was replaced by Justin Hayward shortly after.
 Blue Love is a compilation album by Antique. The songs are mainly the English versions of the songs featured on Alli Mia Fora. The album was released in Scandinavia by Bonnier Music and in Greece by V2 Records. It peaked on the Greek Foreign Albums Chart at number one. In June 2008 the album was reprinted and reissued by Bonnier Music.
 Elevate is the second extended play released by American rapper Chamillionaire in promotion of his third studio album Poison. It was released on February 12 2013 by his label Chamillitary Entertainment.
 Kokomemedada is the fourth full-length studio album from Swedish band Komeda and their third album sung in English. Kokomemedada was first released in 2003 on Sonet Records and in 2004 in the United States on the Minty Fresh label. The album is the first Komeda release after the departure of guitarist Mattias Norlander leaving the band to continue as a trio.The album contains ten songs (plus a hidden bonus track on the Minty Fresh release).
 Ghetto Revolutionary is reggae dancehall artist Sizzla's fifteenth studio album. It was released on September 24 2002. The album is a mix of dancehall and reggae. The album had the hit single Ghetto Revolution about the trials and tribulations that people have to go through in the ghetto part of Kingston Jamaica.
 Searching for a Former Clarity is the third album by the Gainesville Florida punk rock band Against Me! produced by J. Robbins and released on September 6 2005 by Fat Wreck Chords. Supported by singles and music videos for the songs Don't Lose Touch and From Her Lips to God's Ears (The Energizer) it was their first album to chart on the Billboard 200 reaching #114. It also reached #9 on Billboard's Top Independent Albums chart.
 Dancing Up a Storm is the second album by Canadian-Welsh husband-and-wife duo The Raes. It was released on A&M Records in 1979 and featured the hit singles A Little Lovin' (Keeps the Doctor Away) and (I Only Wanna) Get Up and Dance. The album peaked at number 161 on Billboard magazine's Top 200 chart.
 Anywhere but Here is the second studio album by American rock band Mayday Parade released by Fearless Records in October 2009.
 Heart & Soul is an album by saxophonist Teddy Edwards which was recorded in 1962 and released on the Contemporary label.
 Groovin' at Smalls' Paradise is a live album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded at Small's Paradise in New York City in 1957 and originally released in two volumes on the Blue Note label. The album was rereleased as a double CD with four bonus tracks recorded at the same performance.
 The New Album: Previously Unreleased Songs from the Early Sixties (or simply The New Album) is an album by The Everly Brothers released in 1977.It was originally released by the British division of Warner Bros. and re-issued in the U.S. by Collectors' Choice Music in 2005. It consists of previously unreleased tracks recorded by the Everlys for Warner Bros. in the '60s. Empty Boxes and Nancy's Minuet were B-sides although the version of the latter is an alternate take.
 Mind Tricks is the third full-length studio album by the Italian melodic death metal band Disarmonia Mundi released on June 12 2006 by Scarlet Records. This album again features Björn Speed Strid on vocals but this time without their bassist Mirco Andreis who decided to leave the band to concentrate on his career as a video clip director. Mirco directed the video for the song Celestial Furnace but this time did not appear in the video.
 More Git' Go at Utopia is a live album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron featuring Jim Pepper recorded in 1989 and released on the German Tutu label.
 One Particular Harbour is the twelfth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett. It was released in September 1983 as MCA 5447 and was produced by Buffett and Michael Utley. It was Buffett's first involvement producing an album.
 The Best of Deicide is a compilation album by American death metal band Deicide. It is a collection of 20 songs from Deicide's catalogue with Roadrunner Records the label with whom the band had recently ended its career-long record deal.
 Into the Quiet is Kristy Hanson's 2010 release.
 The Thesis is the second solo album from Christian rapper The Ambassador.The Thesis is a lyrical exploration of the concept of God as the initiator and benefactor of the Gospel in song i.e. Holy Hip Hop. In it The Ambassador proposes that God is pleased when His people skillfully use Hip Hop to reach the lost by creatively dispensing His Word.
 Eclipse was the third album by Canadian progressive rock band CANO released in 1978. The album was produced by Gene Martynec. It was the band's first album to include English language material. Most of the album was recorded shortly after founding member André Paiement committed suicide.
 The Next Hundred Years is a 1994 album by Ted Hawkins. It was the last released in his lifetime.
 The Mondrians is The Mondrians' debut album. It was released on November 5 2009. The album was recorded in the summer of 2008 in Spain with Gordon Raphael.
 Live in Paris Seal's first live album was recorded at the famous Olympia Theatre in Paris France. The 2005 release was a two-disc set containing an audio CD as well as a DVD which featured a video registration of the entire concert. Among the songs which were performed that night were Seal's hit singles Killer (originally written and recorded together with Adamski) Crazy and Kiss from a Rose as well as Hey Joe made famous by Jimi Hendrix.
 Landscapes is a compilation album of the British progressive rock band Camel released 8. December 1991.
 Rumble Doll is the name of the debut full-length album from Bruce Springsteen's wife singer-songwriter Patti Scialfa. It features twelve tracks eleven of which she wrote herself. It also features a number of guest stars in production and playing roles namely Mike Campbell (who co-produced the record with Springsteen) Kenny Aronoff Jim Keltner Nils Lofgren Jeff Porcaro and Benmont Tench.allmusic's Tim Griggs gave the record 3 of 5 stars and called it a slow seduction.
 Volunteered Slavery is an album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Roland Kirk featuring his 1968 Newport Jazz Festival appearance and studio performances recorded in July 1969.
 The North Pole Project is the third studio album released by the Christian rock band Number One Gun. It was released under Tooth & Nail Records on January 15 2008.
 Vermelho (Portuguese for Red) is the second (and as of yet last) studio album by Brazilian musician Vange Leonel. It was released in 1996 by independent label Medusa Records. Medusa Records was founded also in 1996 by Vange and her songwriting partner Cilmara Bedaque.
 Phases and Stages is a 1974 album by Willie Nelson which followed the moderate success of his first Atlantic Records release Shotgun Willie. Nelson met producer Jerry Wexler at a party where Nelson sang songs from an unreleased album he had recorded in 1972. The single Phases and Stages was originally recorded the same year. Nelson re-recorded the album at Muscle Shoals Sound Studios in two days and Wexler produced it.The album narrates the story of a divorce.
 Wolf Parade (6 Song EP) is the second EP by Canadian indie rock band Wolf Parade. The EP is a collaborative effort by the band members. Song writing and vocals are split between members Dan Boeckner and Spencer Krug. All songs but The National People's Scare and Killing Armies would later be re-recorded for the band's debut LP Apologies to the Queen Mary.
 Sweet Family Music: A Tribute to Stryper is a various artists album released in 1996 as a tribute to the crossover Christian metal band Stryper.
 Merci is a studio album by French progressive rock group Magma. It was released in 1984. It is usually regarded by fans as one of Magma's less successful releases.
 Fantasma is the third studio album by the Japanese recording artist Cornelius. It was released in 1997 and charted at number six on the Japanese Oricon album chart. Fantasma includes the singles Star Fruits Surf Rider Free Fall and Chapter 8 (co-written by Robert Schneider of The Apples in stereo and featuring Schneider on vocals guitar and bass and Apples in stereo drummer Hilarie Sidney on vocals and drums).
 Slaves Going Single is a compilation album by Gwar.After the European tour of early 2000 Gwar wasn't doing much of anything - Casey Orr (Beefcake the Mighty) and Zach Blair (Flattus Maximus) returned to Texas to work on side projects and some of the slaves worked on individual art projects. Additionally some long-time members (Danielle Stampe Hunter Jackson and Dave Musel) left the group.
 Damage Done is the sixth full-length studio album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Dark Tranquillity. Here the band returns to a more classic style while holding the new changes made in their albums Haven and Projector especially in the keyboards but this is the first record since Projector that does not feature clean vocals. Martin Henriksson started doing some lead guitar riffs on the record so the band showed influences from The Gallery in the duality of lead guitars.
 Song for Everyone is an album by Indian violinist L. Shankar featuring Jan Garbarek Zakir Hussain and Trilok Gurtu. It was released on the ECM label in 1985.
 We Three Kings is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show which was first released in December 1992. It is a single disc CD which represents original material recorded during their daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.
 La Historia Continúa... Parte II (Eng.: The History Continues... Vol. 2) is a compilation album released by Marco Antonio Solís on May 24 2005.
 Caught in the Middle is the name of the second studio album by the freestyle-pop group Linear. It was released on April 28 1992 by Atlantic Records. The album's first single TLC got it to # 30 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was the last single of the trio to have a video clip and also the last to get into a parade. Even with the success of the single the album did not go into any music chart.
 Rough and Ready is a studio album released by Shabba Ranks after his last album As Raw As Ever received good reviews his good spell continued as Rough and Ready was also popular and received good reviews.Mr. Loverman also appeared on the Deep Cover Soundtrack.
 All is Wild All is Silent is the third studio album by post-rock band Balmorhea released by Western Vinyl on March 10 2009. For this album Aisha Burns Travis Chapman Nicole Kern and Taylor Tehan were recruited.
 Ultimate Victory is the second studio album by rapper Chamillionaire. It was released on September 18 2007 and sold 79000 copies in the first week. It is notable for not containing any profanity.
 Blizzard of Ozz is the debut solo studio album by British heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne recorded in Surrey UK and released on 20 September 1980 in the UK and on 27 March 1981 in the US. The album was Osbourne's first release following his departure from Black Sabbath.
 Wheatus is the self-titled debut album by American alternative rock band Wheatus. The album was released on August 15 2000. Three singles were released from the album - Teenage Dirtbag which reached number two on the UK Singles Chart; A Little Respect which peaked at #3; and a double A-side single of Wannabe Gangstar and Leroy which peaked at #22. The album makes two references to Iron Maiden and the single version of Wannabe Gangstar features Bruce Dickinson their vocalist.
 The Futuristic Sounds of Sun Ra is an album by the American Jazz musician Sun Ra and his Arkestra recorded October 10 1961 for the Savoy label.The album was produced by Tom Wilson who would later become famous for producing albums by the Velvet Underground Frank Zappa and Bob Dylan.
 Love is a Beautiful Misunderstanding is Cantopop artist Sammi Cheng's album released in Mandarin.
 Belle Epoch is an EP by the Brooklyn band Deadbeat Darling. It is the group's first official release.
 True Colours is the debut double album from the Welsh drum and bass producer High Contrast. Disc 1 is unmixed and later released as a single CD album. The second disc is mixed and features most of the tracks of the first disc and also includes the two tracks Suddenly and Full Intention.
 Slon is the third album from the Chicago Underground Trio. The album was released in January 2004 on Thrill Jockey Records . This is their first release on Thrill Jockey their first two albums were released by Delmark Records. The album was produced by Bundy K. Brown. The trio consists of Rob Mazurek on cornet Noel Kupersmith on bass and Chad Taylor on drums. This is their last release with bassist Noel Kupersmith.
 Reconstructions is the second album by the Christian rock group AD. Warren Ham is not featured on this album. He is replaced by Michael Gleason on lead vocals. It was re-released and remastered with the title Reconstructions: Reconstructed and with a different order of songs.
 Navidad de Los Andes is an album by Argentine bandoneon player and composer Dino Saluzzi with cellist Anja Lechner and saxophonist Felix Saluzzi recorded in 2010 and released on the ECM label.
 Sacundin Ben Samba is the third album from Brazilian artist Jorge Ben originally released in 1964. Its songs have been described as blueprints for much of modern Brazilian pop. The album is stylistically very similar to Ben's debut Samba Esquema Novo although the rhetoric of protest music inspired by the likes of João de Vale and Zé Keti and found in such songs as Não desanima João Jeitão de preto velho and A princesa e o plebeu sets it apart from its predecessors.
 Young at Heart/Wise in Time is the second album led by Muhal Richard Abrams which was released on the Delmark label in 1974 and features Abrams a solo piano composition and accompanied by Leo Smith Henry Threadgill Lester Lashley and Thurman Baker.
 Everything We Love (released 1984 in Oslo Norway by Hot Club Records - HCR 19) is a live album (LP) by the Norwegian guitarist Thorgeir Stubø and the American guitarist Doug Raney.
 So Fresh: The Hits of Spring 2006 is part of the So Fresh album series. It was released in Australia on 16 September 2006.
 Largo is an album by American pianist and composer Brad Mehldau released on the Warner Bros. label in 2002.
 Monopoly Game is the sixth recording released by the Toshiko Akiyoshi Jazz Orchestra featuring Lew Tabackin. The three tracks Kyoto Paradox Caribbean Dream and Urban Rhapsody make up the three part Suite for Koto and Jazz Orchestra commissioned jointly by the San Francisco Jazz Festival and UCLA. The song Jazz Club was commissioned by NHK Radio.
 The Sonny Side of Stitt is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1959 and originally released on the Roost label.
 Songs for Christmas is a box set of five separate EPs of Christmas-related songs and carols recorded by independent musician Sufjan Stevens between 2001 and 2006. The EPs had been given as gifts to friends and family of Stevens over the past six years except for 2004 where he was too busy recording the Illinois album. Though the first three EPs have been available on Sufjan Stevens-related fansites for several years Songs for Christmas is the first official release of these EPs.
 Head is the first full album by The Jesus Lizard. It was released on Touch and Go Records in 1990. It is their first release to feature a drummer Mac McNeilly.Killer McHann was played live very frequently.
 The Man is an album recorded and released by Canadian musician and actor Lorne Greene in 1965.
 Action is an album by the garage rock band Question Mark & the Mysterians released in 1967 (see 1967 in music).
 Mind the Bollocks is an anarcho-punk EP by the band Oi Polloi. It was released in 2007 by Kämäset Levyt Records. The title is an encouragement to men to perform regular self examinations and is a reference to the Sex Pistols album Never Mind the Bollocks Here's the Sex Pistols (the Sex Pistols use the British slang term to mean essentially other crap but Oi Polloi returns it to its original meaning literally testicles.) Track 2 A Whole New Ballgame is about this issue.
 Riddim Driven: Mexican is the 34th installment of VP Records' Riddim Driven series. It was released in September 2002 on CD and LP. The album features various artists recorded over the Mexican riddim produced by Lloyd King Jammy James and his son Trevor Baby G James.
 Greatest Hits '78-'90 is Riot's only compilation album released exclusively by Sony Music Japan in 1993. The collection was also issued as a limited edition Starbox.It contains no material from the Rhett Forrester era focusing on the Guy Speranza and Tony Moore years only.
 The Great Rosebud Hoax is an eight-track mini LP by Australian alternative rock group The Stems which was released in late 1987.
 Anthology: A Decade of Hits 1988–1998 is a greatest hits compilation album by Canadian hip hop group Dream Warriors released June 22 1999. It was released on Priority Records in the United States. The album featured two new songs U Ready and dreamwarriors.com. Allmusic gave it 4½ out of 5 stars calling it a great look at one of the better hip-hop groups of the '90s.
 Erik is the fifth studio album from Erik Rubin released in 2004. It was his only record with BMG. Three singles were released Ya nada es igual Malas intenciones and Dejame.
 In My Element is an album by jazz pianist and composer Robert Glasper released on the Blue Note label. The album is Glasper's second for Blue Note.
 Locust Weeks is the 2006 EP by New Zealand-based punk rock trio Die! Die! Die!. It was recorded mixed mastered and co-produced by Kevin McMahon at Marcata Studios in New York on 13 August 2006.This four-track EP was released in 2006 in New Zealand by Tardus Music.All four tracks were added to the UK release of Die! Die! Die!'s debut album when it was released by Pet Piranha Records in 2007.
 Hare Brained: The Remixes is an EP by the Seattle-based digital hardcore band Rabbit Junk. The album contains three remixes by the Rabbit Junk fan and unsigned artist Asbestos (frontman of the Fort Collins CO industrial band Plasmacrash) and a hidden joke acoustic track called Die Die Die which was recorded with JP Anderson Sum Grrl and some of their friends.
 Happy Hour new wave band Humans' debut full-length album was released in 1981 on I.R.S. Records and recorded at the famed Automatt studio in San Francisco. The songs Don't Be Afraid Of The Dark/Get You Tonight and Lightning were released as a radio station promo single. Lead singer Sterling Storm directed a longform music video based on this album. The videotape entitled Happy Hour with the Humans was distributed by Mike Nesmith's pioneering company Pacific Arts Video.
 After the song You Light Up My Life soared to No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 singer Debby Boone needed to quickly assemble her first solo album. The result was the RIAA-certified platinum album You Light Up My Life (No. 6 Pop No. 6 Country). Joe Brooks produced the album after writing and producing the title track. This album competed on the Billboard 200 with the soundtrack from the film You Light Up My Life (No. 17 Pop).
 Paghilom is Dicta License's first LP album under Warner Music Philippines and was released last November 12 2005. The album has an evident socio-political theme that speaks mostly to the youth about evident issues in the Philippines.
 Miracle is the sixth studio album by American hard rock/metal band Nonpoint. The album's title track serves as its first single. This is the only Nonpoint album to feature guitarist Zach Broderick who joined the band in late 2008 following the departure of original member Andrew Goldman. The album was recorded in Racine WI and was produced by Mudvayne singer Chad Gray and guitarist Greg Tribbett.The album debuted No. 59 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Universal Mother is the fourth album by Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor. It was released in 1994 and sold 1.5 million copies worldwide.
 Tryumf Anarchii nad Tyranią is the eighth album of Polish punk rock band Włochaty. The album was recorded during concert in Szczecin which was the celebration of band's 15 anniversary.
 Some Strange Country is the fourth studio album by progressive bluegrass group Crooked Still.
 Collectors' Item: All Their Greatest Hits! is a compilation album released by Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes on the Philadelphia International record label in July 1976. It includes all of their biggest hits with the label recorded between 1972 and 1975 such as If You Don't Know Me by Now The Love I Lost Bad Luck and Wake Up Everybody. Many of the songs were in extended versions. The album produced by Gamble & Huff sold over a million in the USA.
 Versions is Poison the Well's fourth studio album. It was released on April 2 2007 in Europe and April 3 2007 World Wide via Ferret Music. Versions is the first release for Poison the Well on Ferret Music and is also the band's first release since 2003's You Come Before You.The trio of Ryan Primack (guitar) Chris Hornbrook (drums) and Jeffrey Moreira (vocals) wrote the album over the past few years. Primack describes the material as having many more colors and nuances than previous work.
 5ive Style is the eponymously-titled debut album of 5ive Style released on September 12 1995 through Sub Pop.
 Portals to Uphobia is the second full-length studio album Detonation released on the French label Osmose Productions.The artwork for the album was created by Niklas Sundin of Dark Tranquillity.
 Banana Man is Ghoti Hook's second CD on Tooth and Nail Records. It continues the band's trademark sound started with Sumo Surprise combining Christianity with humor and fast melodic punk.
 Ojalá Que Llueva Café is an album by Juan Luis Guerra.
 The North is the sixth full-length studio album by Canadian indie pop band Stars. It was released on September 4 2012 through ATO Records.
 A Million Words a Million Dollars is the second studio album by American rapper Lunasicc. It was released June 2 1998 on AWOL Records and distributed by Noo Trybe Records. The album features production from Killa Tay DJ Daryl and One Drop Scott. It peaked at number 88 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 Rocinate is the third LP from Ester Drang and their second release under the Jade Tree imprint.Based on the artwork on the album cover it appears that the title is a misspelling of the name Rocinante - the horse from Don Quixote.
 The Conscious Sedation is the debut full-length studio album by gothic/melodic death metal band System Divide released on September 14 2010.
 Skin Deep is a 2008 album by blues musician Buddy Guy.The albums features a number of collaborations including: Eric Clapton Derek Trucks Susan Tedeschi and Robert Randolph.
 Days of Wine and Roses and Other TV Requests is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in April 1963 by Columbia Records. It made its first appearance on Billboard magazine's Top LP's chart in the issue dated April 20 of that year and remained on the album chart for 107 weeks spending 16 consecutive weeks at number one.
 Permanent Vacation 3x5 is a VHS video featuring music videos by the American hard rock band Aerosmith from their album Permanent Vacation. It was released in 1988. It includes behind-the-scenes footage from the making of those videos.
 New Day Dawning an album by Cherish the Ladies was released in 1996 on the Green Linnet label.
 Sinners International is the fourth album by Norwegian industrial rock outfit Zeromancer. In this album Zeromancer returns to a more industrial darker sound which was absent in their predecessor Zzyzx with almost metal sounds at times. The album has spawned 3 singles; Doppelgänger (I Love You) Im Yours To Lose & It Sounds Like Love (But It Looks Like Sex) with a video made for Doppelgänger.
 Ray is the soundtrack of the 2004 film Ray starring Jamie Foxx (who won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Ray Charles in this film) Kerry Washington Terrence Howard Clifton Powell and Regina King. The score was composed by Craig Armstrong.The album won a Grammy Award and was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Film Music.
 Michael Hutchence is the only solo album by INXS frontman Michael Hutchence. It was released on 14 December 1999 just over two years after Hutchence's death.Hutchence began work on what would become his posthumous solo album in 1995 with Gus Till and Mad Sheer Khan in Paris at Exit Studio. Following his death in 1997 Black Grape producer Danny Saber and ex-Gang of Four guitarist Andy Gill completed the album.
 You Can't Resist is the third studio album by Canadian country music singer/songwriter Patricia Conroy and was released in 1994 by Warner Music Canada.On March 5 1996 Intersound Records released the album in the United States.
 Frank Sinatra and His Friends Want You To Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas is a 1963 compilation of Christmas songs recorded by various artists. It was recorded on Reprise label R9-50001. It was compiled by Frank Sinatra and features several of his contemporaries including Dean Martin and Jo Stafford. It was an album produced exclusively for Action Incentives. One group that gave it to their customers was Federal Cement Transportation Inc.
 Nil Vagina for Mice is an EP by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow.The first pressing was of 500 copies it was later repressed with a different color sleeve.
 Paradox is an album by John Kay and Steppenwolf released in 1984 (see 1984 in music). It was originally released only in Canada and Australia.
 More Songs for Dreamsleepers and The Very Awake is a studio album by Christians & Lions. It was recorded by Jack Younger at Basement 247 in Allston Massachusetts. Mastered by Nick Zampiello at New Alliance East in Boston Massachusetts. Art by Michael Washburn. Design by Matt Sisto. Originally released on ECA Records thanks to Dave Conway.It is available to download for free on the band's website for a suggested donation.
 Carnival is a live album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1974 at the Montreux Jazz Festival and originally released on the Freedom label in 1975.
 No Wings to Speak Of is an EP by melodic hardcore band Hopesfall. The EP was first released on Takehold Records in 2001 and was re-released in 2002 by Trustkill Records and on vinyl in 2008 by One Day Savior Recordings.
 Universes is the second album from Birds of Tokyo independently released on 5 July 2008 through MGM Distribution. The album was recorded at Loop Studios in West Perth Wing Command in Perth Western Australia and in a big beautiful wooden house by the sea at Injidup (Yallingup Western Australia). Mixing for the album took place in North Hollywood California by Tim Palmer at Ameraycan Studios.
 Some Enchanted Evening is the second live album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult released in September 1978 (see 1978 in music). It is Blue Öyster Cult's best selling album having sold two million copies[citation needed] including over a million in the United States. The album's seven original tracks were recorded at various locations in the United States and England.
 Big Fun is a double album by American jazz recording artist Miles Davis released April 19 1974 on Columbia Records. It contains tracks recorded between 1969 and 1972 by Davis. Largely ignored on its original release it was reissued on August 1 2000 by Columbia and Legacy Records with additional material which led to a belated critical reevaluation.
 DJ-Kicks: Stacey Pullen is a DJ mix album mixed by Stacey Pullen. It was released on 14 October 1996 on the Studio !K7 independent record label as part of the DJ-Kicks series.
 Musica é (Music Is) is a mini album by Italian pop/rock singer Eros Ramazzotti produced by Piero Cassano and released in 1988 on the BMG label. Two versions of the album exist; a five track release and an expanded eight track version which includes two remixed tracks from Ramazzotti's previous album In certi momenti.
 Scandalo is Gianna Nannini's ninth studio album and eleventh album overall. It was released in 1990.
 Made in China is the seventh album by Juliana Hatfield released in 2005.
 Extended Versions is a live album by Humble Pie released in 2000. As part of BMG's Encore Collection it has tracks taken from the recording King Biscuit Flower Hour which was the 1995 release of a concert on May 6 1973 at San Francisco's Winterland Theatre. The only track not included here from that release is I Don't Need No Doctor.
 The Keith Green Collection is the fourth album released by American contemporary Christian music pianist and singer Keith Green. It was released on August 11 1981. This is also the only compilation album to be released during Green's lifetime.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by The Specials released in 2006 (see 2006 in music).
 Unspeakable is a 2004 album by American jazz guitarist Bill Frisell his 22nd album overall and his 17th to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label.After several often languorous albums emphasizing country folk and blues music Unspeakable was something of a new direction for Frisell emphasizing R&B/funk rhythms extensive sampling from unusual vinyl records and some of Frisell's most dissonant guitar work in years.
 D.R.U.G.S. is the first and only studio album by American post-hardcore band Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows released on February 22 2011.
 Nothing to Hide is the second album by In My Eyes and released by Revelation Records. Showing a somewhat more developed style than that on their first album (The Difference Between) this album incorporated more melodic elements along with some experimentation (e.g. the breakdown on track 8 On My Side) a characteristic rare in youth crew hardcore.
 All the Plans is Starsailor's fourth studio album. It was announced on 16 October 2008 and was released on 9 March 2009. The album was released via iTunes in the US on 28 April 2009.Initially named All the Plans or Boy in Waiting the album title was revealed on 16 October 2008. This release is Starsailor's first album with Virgin Records.
 Universo Inverso is the second solo album of Brazilian Heavy metal guitarist Kiko Loureiro. Like No Gravity Universo Inverso is totally instrumental. This album have strong influences of Jazz and Bossa Nova being considered a Brazilian fusion.I always liked adventuring into different musical styles. I tried to know different styles and searched my own musical identity going through many sources.
 Profoundemonium is the second studio album by the band Trail of Tears. The cover art was designed by Travis Smith. It is the last album to feature female soprano Helena Iren Michaelsen who left the band the year this album was made.
 Defektor is a solo album released by Greg Camp. It was released on September 9 2008 during Camp's time away from Smash Mouth.
 Kidz Bop 16 is the 16th edition to the Kidz Bop series and was released on August 4 2009. It is the first installment to have an official group (see Members below) This is also the first time there has been an original Kidz Bop Song unlike the previous Kidz bop albums this album only features 16 songs instead of 18. This also the first album to not have adult singers.
 Elegant Slumming is the second album by the British house music band M People. It was released on 4 October 1993 charting and peaking at number 2 on the UK Album Chart and spent 87 weeks in the Top 75. It re-entered the chart three times in October 1996 and March and September 1997.
 Be Yourself marked Patti LaBelle's ninth solo album and her first since 1986's platinum hit Winner in You released in 1989 on the MCA label her second album with the company. The album featured the popular singles If You Asked Me To (later covered by Celine Dion) which was also featured on the James Bond soundtrack to the movie Licence to Kill and the top ten Prince-written socially conscious dance hit Yo Mister.
 Ten Out of 10 is the eighth studio album by 10cc and was released in 1981. It failed to chart in the US or UK. The album marked the first involvement with the band by American singer-songwriter Andrew Gold who was also invited to join the band but declined because of other commitments.Gouldman said the band's label in the U.S. Warner Bros. Records wanted more of an American flavour to the album. They were keen for us to work with an American producer or writer.
 Fight Like Apes and the Mystery of the Golden Medallion is the debut studio album of Fight Like Apes. It was released in Ireland on 26 September 2008 the UK on 26 January 2009 and Japan in April 2009.The album charted in the top ten of the Irish Albums Chart upon its release at #9. It was nominated in the Best Irish Album category at the 2009 Meteor Awards as well as for the Choice Music Prize in the same year.
 Ararat is a 10 EP by the Israeli metal band Orphaned Land. It was released on September 16 2005 through Profound Lore Records and distributed by The End Records. The EP is limited to only 500 copies and contains re-recorded demo versions from Mabool such as; Building the Ark The Kiss of Babylon and a remix of The Calm Before the Flood with new lyrics by Yotam Defiler Avni. Also on the EP is a cover song of Mercy by the metal band Paradise Lost.
 89–99 is the first Compilation album by Mexican pop singer Aleks Syntek released on October 24 2000. It was certified Double Platinum in Mexico.
 Love Dance is the fourth album led by trumpeter Woody Shaw which was recorded in 1975 and released on the Muse label. Love Dance was reissued by Mosaic Records as part of Woody Shaw: The Complete Muse Sessions in 2013.
 No Sleep is the debut studio album by German pop girl group LaViVe released by Starwatch Music and the Warner Music Group on December 17 2010 (see 2010 in music) in German-speaking Europe.
 The Road is the seventh studio album by Mike + The Mechanics released in 2011 by Sony Music. This was their first album following the departure of Paul Carrack.Following the release of Rewired in 2004 and the supporting tour the group stopped working. In 2009 rumours surfaced that Mike Rutherford had plans to resurrect the band and had begun working on a new album. It was reported that Andrew Roachford would become the new singer.
 Shakedown 2 is a compilation album by the Freemasons. It was released on 29 June 2009. The single Heartbreak (Make Me A Dancer) was released a week before on 22 June 2009.
 Crest of a Knave is the sixteenth studio album by British rock band Jethro Tull released in 1987.The album relied more heavily on Martin Barre's electric guitar than the band had since the 1970s. However several tracks still featured drum machine instead of a live drummer. Keyboardist Peter-John Vettese was now absent and it was Ian Anderson who contributed the synth programming. The album sleeve only lists Ian Anderson Martin Barre and Dave Pegg as official band members.
 We the People is the seventh studio album released by blues guitarist Guitar Shorty (David Kearney). The album was released on August 15 2006 on CD by the label Alligator Records. This is Shorty's second album with the label.The album has been called a timeless and completely current blues record. Reviewer Steve Leggett comments that Shorty is a guitar player's guitar player and this collection makes for a nice introduction to his studio style.
 Wave is the fourteenth studio album by Japanese Jazz fusion band T-Square. It was released on March 21 1989. It was the first studio album by the band to released under the name T-Square.
 Booty Star: Glock Tawk is the 17th album released by rapper Andre Nickatina. It was released for Nickatina's own label Nickypearl.com distributed by Sumo Records and was produced by Andre Nickatina Nick Peace Freddy Machete Krushadelic K-Maxx DJ Pause Rob Lo and TD Camp.
 Der nette Mann (German for The nice man) is the debut album of German hard rock band Böhse Onkelz. It was released in 1984. Der nette Mann is considered the first album of the German skinhead subculture.6 of its 14 tracks are deemed to either promote violence nazi-ideology or pornography by the German Bundesprüfstelle für jugendgefährdende Schriften (Federal Department for Media Harmful to Young Persons).
 Flagship is the self-titled debut LP by American alt-rock band Flagship released on October 8 2013 by Bright Antenna Records. The album was made available as a Digital Download CD and Double Vinyl.The first song off the album Are You Calling premiered in a lyric video on the website Metrolyrics on July 12 2013.
 Port Entropy is the fourth studio album from Japanese multi-instrumentalist Shugo Tokumaru. It was released on April 21 2010 on P-Vine Records to generally positive reviews.
 Meet Me in Margaritaville: The Ultimate Collection is a Jimmy Buffett greatest hits compilation album consisting of 2 compact discs and 38 songs. The album is notable for several newly recorded and updated versions of songs considered as classics in his repertoire. Missing from the mix is fan-favorite and concert-standard Boat Drinks.This collection presents 12 new recordings.
 Victoria Beckham is the self-titled debut album by British singer-songwriter Victoria Beckham. It was released on 1 October 2001 by Virgin Records. Beckham was the last member of the Spice Girls to release a solo album. The album's lead single Not Such an Innocent Girl was released on 17 September 2001. The second single A Mind of Its Own was released on 11 February 2002. The album reached number ten in the United Kingdom and number one on the Australian Hitseekers Charts.
 Mystica is the eleventh album by German melodic hard rock/power metal guitarist Axel Rudi Pell released in 2006.The final artwork was done by Colombian illustrator Felipe Machado Franco Axel explained the artwork: The 5 knights are on their way home now since they released their crown back from the evil breed during their visit at the Kings and Queens castle.
 Permanent Waves is the seventh studio album by Canadian rock band Rush released on January 1 1980. It was recorded at Le Studio Morin Heights Quebec and mixed at Trident Studios in London UK. Permanent Waves became Rush's first US top five album hitting #4 and was the band's fifth gold (eventually platinum) selling album.
 Up on the Downs is the first solo record by DJ Rob Smith and his first release on Grand Central Records independent record label.
 Mount Eerie is the last studio album from the band The Microphones. Microphones frontman Phil Elvrum began working on Mount Eerie after taking a long tour of Europe and North America. Released by K Records in 2003 the album is named after the mountain on Fidalgo Island where Elvrum spent much of his childhood. Containing five songs of various lengths the album picks up from where The Glow Pt. 2 leaves off.
 Whispering Pines: Live at the Getaway is a live document by Richard Manuel chronicling two intimate live shows Manuel performed at The Getaway a nightclub in Saugerties New York on October 12 1985.
 Live at Brooklyn Academy of Music is a live album released in 1986. It was the sixth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and the fifth to be released on the Italian Black Saint label.The album features live performances by Hamiet Bluiett Julius Hemphill Oliver Lake and David Murray recorded at the Brooklyn Academy of Music in NYC on December 6–7 1985.
 The Best of What's Around Vol. 1 also known as TBOWA Vol. 1 is a greatest hits compilation album by the Dave Matthews Band that was released on November 7 2006. The two-disc set is the Dave Matthews Band's first ever greatest hits album featuring twelve studio tracks on the first disc and eight previously unreleased live tracks on the second disc.
 Come Clarity is the eighth studio album by the Swedish heavy metal band In Flames. The album was released on February 3 2006 in Europe through Nuclear Blast Records and February 7 in the U.S.
 Ai no Album 8 (愛のアルバム⑧ Ai no Arubamu Hachi) is the 8th album by the Japanese girl idol group Berryz Kobo released on February 22 2012 in Japan on the record label Piccolo Town.As usual it is entirely written and produced by Tsunku.The album contains the title tracks from three previously released hit singles: Ai no Dangan Aa Yo ga Akeru and Amazuppai Haru ni Sakura Saku the latter recorded in collaboration with Cute.
 Krimmena Mistika (Greek: Κρυμμένα Μυστικά; English: Hidden Secrets) is an album by Greek musician Giannis Ploutarhos released in 2006.
 Unity is the 4th studio album by Israeli jazz bassist Avishai Cohen released in 2001.The album presents a project named The International Vamp Band a band which includes five members (not including Cohen) who come from four different countries.Avi Lebovich and Yagil Baras from Israel Diego Urcola from Argentina Antonio Sanchez from Mexico and Yosvany Terry from Cuba.The musical genre of the album is inspired by all four countries it combines the roots of Jazz Latin Classical Music and Worldbeat.To this combination of international styles the album's and band's name refers to and it delivers a message of unity and world peace.In this album Cohen lays down the double bass his specialty in favor of the piano (the first instrument he had learned).Baras who also played in Cohen's latest album Colors replaces him on the double bass.
 The Sermon! is a 1959 album by jazz organist Jimmy Smith. It was produced by the Blue Note record label. Allmusic's Lindsay Planer described the album as a prime example of Smith and company's myriad of talents.
 Are You Gonna Go My Way is the third studio album by American rock musician Lenny Kravitz released on March 9 1993 by Virgin Records America. It was recorded at Waterfront Studios Hoboken New Jersey by Henry Hirsch. It became Kravitz's first Top 20 album on the United States Billboard 200 and his first number one album in both Australia and the United Kingdom achieving massive worldwide success that helped to establish his popularity as a performer.
 Failed States is the sixth full-length album by the punk rock band Propagandhi. It was released on September 4 2012.
 Wild & Loose is the debut album from American hip hop group Oaktown's 357 released in 1989 via Bust It Records and Capitol Records. The album was produced by MC Hammer and James Earley and it peaked at #126 on the Billboard 200.
 Forget Me Not is the second official album released by Italian melodic death metal band Dark Lunacy.
 2nd is an EP released by the Finnish rock band The Rasmus in 1996. It was originally released by the record label Warner Music Finland.2nd is just like 1st often described as a regular single. Since the title is not a name of any songs from the album Peep (where all songs appears on) it counts as an EP.
 Personal Conversation is the second studio album by R&B singer Case. It was released on April 20 1999 the same day of the Columbine High School massacre. It features the hit single Happily Ever After. The album has been certified gold by the RIAA.
 Ericka is an unreleased debut studio album by R&B singer Ericka Yancey. The album was led by two singles So Good and Wait a While both of which failed to obtain top 40 success on the US R&B charts and failed to make an entry on the Billboard Hot 100. Because of the failure of both singles the album was ultimately shelved; promotional copies of the album however were released exclusively to Amazon in 1999 before being discontinued in 2000.
 Forecast is an album by electronic music group 808 State which was released in 1993 exclusively in Japan. The album contains a collection of b-sides and remixes from the Gorgeous era.
 B-Sides & Rarities 1996–2003 is compilation album by the band Eels released in 2005 exclusively via the iTunes Store. Eels also released a physical compilation of B-sides and rarities in 2008 called Useless Trinkets: B-Sides Soundtracks Rarities and Unreleased 1996–2006 that included all of these tracks except the Flyswatter remix.
 Last of the Good Straight Girls is the third album by American singer-songwriter Susan Werner released in 1995 (see 1995 in music). This was Werner's first major label album.
 Live: Intimate & Interactive is a 2007 single digital versatile disc (DVD) by the Canadian rock band The Tea Party. The live music DVD is the only official live video release shot in the MuchMusic CHUM-City Building in Toronto during their Intimate and Interactive performance in May 1998 coupled with a performance from 20 November 2000.
 Yo No Canto Pero Lo Intentamos is the second studio album by Mexican recording artist Espinoza Paz. It was released on 26 January 2009 by Disa Records.
 Halloween is the second EP of the band Zombie Girl. It was released in 2009.
 The Margin is a live album by Peter Hammill documenting early nineteen-eighties concerts by his K Group. Hammill was K (on vocals piano and guitar) Nic Potter was Mozart (on bass guitar) Guy Evans was Brain (on drums) and John Ellis was Fury (on backing vocals and guitar). The album was originally released as a double album on Foundry Records in 1985.
 Psychopathic: The Videos is a DVD collection of remastered music videos released by Psychopathic Video. The film features videos by the artists Insane Clown Posse Twiztid Boondox Blaze Ya Dead Homie Esham Axe Murder Boyz Anybody Killa and Psychopathic Rydas.
 Hallelujah Time! is an album by organist Jack McDuff recorded between 1963 and 1966 and released on the Prestige label.
 Evolution (進化論) is the eighth album of Twins and was released September 2003. The disc contains 10 songs.
 Un Nuevo Amor (English A new love) is the 11th studio album by Mexican pop singer Daniela Romo. This album was released on 1994 and it was produced by one of the greatest producers of the 80's and 90's Danilo Vaona. All the songs were written by Daniela Danilo Vaona and Federico Vaona. The music video for the single Mátame was nominated for a Lo Nuestro Award.
 Let's Talk About It is the second album by R&B singer Carl Thomas released on March 23 2004. Originally scheduled for a late 2003 release the album was delayed several months due to Bad Boy Records entering into a new distribution deal with Universal Records. Let's Talk About It was not a commercial success due to a couple factors. The first of which was Thomas' extended time between albums.
 Let's Touch the Sky is the 11th studio album (12th overall) of the jazz group Fourplay released in 2010. It is the first Fourplay album with Chuck Loeb who replaced Larry Carlton on the guitar.
 Terence Trent D'Arby's Vibrator* (*Batteries Included) is Terence Trent D'Arby's fourth album released in 1995 on Columbia Records. It featured the hit Holding on to You which peaked at #20 on the UK charts.
 Trout Mask Replica is the third album by Captain Beefheart and his Magic Band released in June 1969. Produced by Beefheart's friend and former schoolmate Frank Zappa it was originally released as a double album on Zappa's Straight Records label.
 Billboard Hot R&B Hits: 1986 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1995 featuring 10 hit rhythm and blues recordings from 1986.All tracks on the album were hits on Billboard's Hot Black Singles chart. In addition several of the songs were mainstream hits charting on the Billboard Hot 100 during 1986 and early 1987. Two of those mainstream hits — There'll Be Sad Songs (To Make You Cry) by Billy Ocean and Shake You Down by Gregory Abbott — reached number one on the Hot 100.
 Relentless Reckless Forever is the seventh album by Finnish melodic death metal band Children of Bodom released on 8 March 2011 through Spinefarm Records / Universal Music/Fearless Records/Nuclear Blast Records.
 Cochin Moon (コチンの月 Kochin no Tsuki) is Haruomi Hosono's fifth solo album. It's supposed to be a collaboration between Hosono and illustrator Tadanori Yokoo who traveled to India with Hosono which inspired both artists; Yokoo ended up only drawing the cover (he was the worst victim of an outburst of severe diarrhea that happened during the travel) rendering this as virtually a Hosono solo album.
 Hard Talk is a live album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1974 and released by the Enja label.
 Aligned Archetype is the second studio album by American rapper Kellee Maize. It was released for free download on January 29 2010. The album features the sounds of Dubstep Hip Hop and Baltimore Club. The sound has been compared to a mix between Lady Gaga M.I.A. and Uffie. Local producers including King Tut and Scottie B worked with Kellee during the recording process.
 Daybreaker is the fifth studio album by British metalcore band Architects released on 28 May 2012 in the United Kingdom and in the majority of Europe and 5 June 2012 in the United States. This is the last album to feature guitarist Tim Hillier-Brook who left the band on 16 April 2012 to pursue other interests. Daybreaker was co-produced by both the band and Ben Humphreys at the Outhouse Studios in Reading Berkshire the same team and studio as for Hollow Crown.
 A New Breed of Female is the debut and only album by II Tru released on September 9 1997 through Relativity Records.
 Hits 56 is a compilation album released in the UK in July 2003. It contains 40 tracks spread over two CDs and features one number one single from Tomcraft.It is the 56th volume in the Hits compilation album series. The album had a competition with Now 55 released the following week. Because of the week's difference Hits 56 was able to enter the UK Compilations Chart at #1 whilst the following week Now 55 did the same. Hits 56 featured mixed to positive reception.
 Electroshock is the fifth studio album by Belgian singer Kate Ryan released on June 25 2012. After Alive is the first album that doesn't include any cover version (although LoveLife has a sample of Narcotic by Liquido and Robots has one of Living on Video by Trans-X) and also is entirely in English (though the version of Little Braveheart included on this album has French lyrics sang by Ryan).
 Motorvision is a home video by the American grunge band Soundgarden. It was released on November 17 1992.
 Goddamned is the debut studio album by American singer–songwriter Jay Brannan released in the United States on July 1 2008. The album features eleven original songs; a bonus track is included by purchase via iTunes.
 Duck and Cover is the second full-length release from the Mad Caddies.
 Fuel is the first album of hardcore band Raised Fist.
 Ventilation: Da LP is the debut solo album of Phife Dawg. Reviews for Phife's album were mixed. Some praised him and the album for its new sound lyrics and the rhythm of his rhymes. Though the album was not a commercial success the singles Bend Ova and Flawless were minor hits.
 Nasty is a live album released by the funk/R&B group Cameo in 1996. In addition to the live material two new studio tracks were included: Come Fly With Me and the album's title track both written by Larry Blackmon. The Mega-Mix is a remix of the album's live tracks. The new studio tracks on this release were the only newly written material released by the band for the next five albums.
 Living in Oz is an album released by Rick Springfield in 1983. The album went platinum and Springfield was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance for the Affair of the Heart single which peaked at number nine on the Billboard Hot 100. The album's title is an allusion to growing up in Oz which is a nickname for Australia (Springfield's home country).
 Surfonic Water Revival is the title of a various artists compilation album which was recorded and released in 1998 by KMG Records. The album pays tribute to the pioneers of Surf music like Brian Wilson Jan and Dean the Belairs the Hondells the Surfaris the Ventures Beach Boys Dick Dale and many others.The album was produced by Terry Scott Taylor who also wrote the majority of the songs which were all recorded exclusively for this album.
 10000 Days is a studio album by Saga their eighteenth album of new material. At the time of the recording of the album this would be the last album recorded with lead vocalist Michael Sadler who appeared on all previous Saga albums. Sadler left Saga for family reasons at the end of the 2007 tour but as of January 28 2011 Saga announced his return to the band.
 ¡Viva Zapata! is the second album by the American punk band 7 Year Bitch. It was released June 28 1994 on Seattle-based C/Z Records. It was their first album to feature new guitarist Roisin Dunne who had replaced the late Stefanie Sargent in 1992. The album's title is in tribute to The Gits' vocalist and friend of the group Mia Zapata who was raped and strangled to death in July 1993.
 My Secret Life is the debut album by the British indie band Billy Ruffian. It was released in 2007.
 Chansons drôles de d'autres is the name of the third album by québécois comedy duo Crampe en masse consisting of comedy songs covers.
 Life Ain't Worth Living (subtitled (in the Old-Fashioned Way)) is the debut album by Downes and Beer at the time known as simply Paul Downes & Phil Beer released in 1973 on stereo vinyl.
 The First Tape Album is a part-studio part-live cassette-only album released by UK the neo-progressive band Twelfth Night in 1980.
 Superman is second album by Gary Chaw which is released on 27 December 2006. After the hit success in his first album 格格 Blue he came out with his second album of the same name. This is the second album he released in the same year.
 Jeff Beck with the Jan Hammer Group Live is a live album by Jeff Beck released in 1977 on Epic Records.
 Mark Hollis is the only solo album by the former Talk Talk frontman Mark Hollis. It was released on Polydor Records on 2 February 1998 then reissued on Pond Life on 13 March 2000. In 2003 the album was released in LP format on Universal Records. Its sound is noted for being extremely sparse and minimal; Allmusic called it quite possibly the most quiet and intimate record ever made.
 Extracts from the Album A Hard Day's Night is the Beatles seventh official EP released on 6 November 1964. This EP contains four tracks from the album but not featured in the film. Its catalogue number is Parlophone GEP 8924. It was also released in France.
 In The Mid-Nite Hour is the fifth studio album by Warren G released on the label Lightyear Entertainment on October 11 2005. His first single was Get U Down featuring Ice Cube B-Real and Snoop Dogg and his follow up single was I Need A Light featuring Nate Dogg. Neither single was able to make the Billboard charts for music and the album peaked at number 80 on the Billboard 200 album chart selling 14800 in its first week.
 Catfight is a compilation of unreleased songs by the British indie rock band Hefner. It was released by the band in 2006.
 The Electric Light Orchestra is the debut studio album by English rock band Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) released in December 1971. In the US the album was released in early 1972 as No Answer after a misunderstood telephone message made by a United Artists Records executive asking about the album name. The caller having failed to reach the ELO contact wrote down no answer in their notes and this was misconstrued to be the name of the album.
 Walking Back to Happiness is the third album by John Cooper Clarke originally released on 10 clear vinyl in 1979 though it has long been out of print. All tracks were recorded live. The final track Gimmix was also recorded in studio and was a UK top 40 hit that year. The penultimate track refers to a 1969 album by Nico with whom Clarke had a romance in the mid 80s.
 Omnicide – Creation Unleashed is the fourth studio album by German melodic death metal band Neaera. It was released on 26 May 2009 through Metal Blade Records. The album was recorded at the Rape Of Harmonies Studio with producer AlexanderDietz. The artwork was created by Terje Johnsen.The album entered the German Media Control chart at No. 51.
 Saybia is the debut EP by Danish rock band Saybia.
 Ten Ton Pressure is an EP by the industrial rock band Chemlab released in 1990.The duo of Dylan Thomas Moore and Joe Frank on synthesizers later teamed up with Jared Hendrickson (now known as Jared Louche) to create this EP. It was financed by Zalman Fishman a nightclub owner who founded the now defunct Fifth Colvmn Records. Zalman became involved when he was introduced to Joe Frank through a mutual friend.
 First Round Knock Out is a compilation by rapper/producer Dr. Dre. The album was released in 1996 for Triple X Records and was mostly produced by Dr. Dre as well as Cold 187um and Chris The Glove Taylor who produced one song each . Artists featured on the album include Dr. Dre Snoop Dogg The D.O.C. Kokane Michel'le Rose Royce Jimmy Z and the World Class Wreckin' Cru. First Round Knock Out managed to make it to #52 on the Billboard 200 and #18 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Of Cities is a 2009 hip hop album by New York City producer DJ Signify.It was named the third best instrumental hip hop album of 2009 by PopMatters.
 Heart - Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the American rock band Heart. It is the sixteenth of Heart's album releases.This compilation collects Heart's hits from 1976 through 1983 with one all-new studio recording the Diane Warren penned Strong Strong Wind. The collection which was limited to release in the US and Japan acted as a 'first volume' of two greatest hits releases the companion being the widely released Greatest Hits: 1985-1995.
 Ola is the third album released by Swedish pop singer Ola.It was released in Sweden in September 2010 and debuted at #3 in the official Swedish album chart. It is the first release on Ola's own label Oliniho Records after buying himself out of his deal with Universal Music. It spawned three hit singles Unstoppable Overdrive and All Over The World which was Ola's first international single release.
 Revolution Of The Heart is Howard Jones's eighth album released in 2005.
 Dardanelles is the debut EP by Melbourne based Indie rock band Dardanelles released in November 2004.
 Live Without a Net is a live concert video of Van Halen recorded in New Haven Connecticut in 1986 and released the following year. It was of their performance on August 27 1986 at New Haven's Veterans Memorial Coliseum. The 90-minute release removed a few songs from the full performance. While the band attempted to record the previous night audio problems prevented it from being used although some video footage from that night would later surface in music videos.
 Modern Times is the third Korean studio album by South Korean recording artist IU. It was released on October 8 2013 by LOEN Entertainment under its imprint LOEN Tree. Under the theme of French Black the album departs from the singer's established image as the nation's sweetheart by attempting various styles of music including swing jazz and bossa nova.
 Paragon Of Dissonance is the fifth studio album by the British doom metal band Esoteric. It was released in 2011 through Season of Mist Records.
 Sin Control is the follow-up album of Contra la Corriente by Noriega released on 2006.
 Scriptures of the Golden Eternity is a solo album by guitarist Lee Ranaldo who also performs in rock band Sonic Youth. It was released on vinyl by the Father Yod label and later reissued on CD by the Drunken Fish label. The cover design is by visual artist Savage Pencil. The album consists of three untitled tracks featuring a solo Ranaldo performing guitar tape loops and occasional vocal.
 Into the Pandemonium is the third studio album by Swiss extreme metal band Celtic Frost released in 1987.
 Supernova (stylized as SUPERNOVA) is the fourth album of J-Rock band Granrodeo. It was released on 6 April 2011.
 Suddenly is the debut album by Korean duo male group J-Walk. Former Sechskies members Kim Jae Duc and Jang Su Won return as a project group with the name J-Walk. Their comeback/debut album has been diligently prepared since their breakup May 2000. The album was released two years later on March 2002. The featured song Suddenly contains crossover jazz R&B-ish songs with a pop/ballad formant.
 Bachelor No. 2 is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Aimee Mann released in 2000. Its full title is Bachelor No. 2 or the Last Remains of the Dodo. The album is notable for the fact that Mann was initially without a record company and sold the album through her website but the album went on to gain a worldwide release and achieve respectable sales.
 #1 Chicken is the third full length album by the Red Aunts. It was released in 1995 on Epitaph.
 Blaz4me is the second album by Natas released on January 8 1994. Allrovi reviewer Jason Birchmeier wrote like the Bomb Squad's collage-like approach on It Takes a Nation to Hold Us Back and Dr. Dre's neo-P-Funk sound on The Chronic Esham crafts a particular aesthetic by endlessly raiding his record collection in classic postmodern fashion.
 Circles is a 1972 album by UK pop group The New Seekers. It was the group's sixth album and released at the peak of their success. In the UK the album was notably released in a cut-out circular sleeve.The album Circles released by Elektra (EKS 75034) has different artwork and quite different tracklisting.
 Commencement is the second studio album and major label debut by American rock band Deadsy released on May 14 2002. After initially being suspended upon distribution changes at Sire the album was officially released through DreamWorks under the Elementree sub-label. It includes the single The Key to Gramercy Park which gained minor attention for its music video.
 Valentine's Day Soundtrack is the official soundtrack to the 2010 film Valentine's Day released on February 9 2010 via Big Machine Records. The album includes contributions from country and pop artists including Big Machine signees Taylor Swift Jewel and Steel Magnolia.
 Union is the debut album of the rock band Union.
 The Stewart Copeland Anthology is a compilation album by Stewart Copeland released in 2007.
 Catapilla is the self-titled debut album by Catapilla.
 Britney is the self-titled third studio album by American recording artist Britney Spears. It was released on November 5 2001 by Jive Records. Looking to transition from the teen pop styles of her earlier albums ...Baby One More Time (1999) and Oops!... I Did It Again (2000) Spears began to embrace a maturer sound with her next studio effort. Its music incorporates elements of pop with dance-pop and R&B influences; its lyrics address the subjects of reaching adulthood and sexuality.
 Beam of Light is the second album by the Japanese band One Ok Rock released on May 28 2008. It reached seventeenth place on the Oricon weekly chart and charted for four weeks.
 The Dubliner's Dublin is the last of The Dubliners' albums to be released on vinyl The Dubliner's Dublin coincided with Dublin City's millennium celebrations. The lineup was Ronnie Drew Barney McKenna John Sheahan Seán Cannon and Eamonn Campbell and there were also a number of guest musicians. Campbell again took on the role of producer. A video containing some of the music from the album was also released combining with a tour of Dublin narrated by Ronnie Drew.
 Doll Revolution is the fourth album by The Bangles it was their first original material since 1988's Everything.
 Live: The Beautiful Soul Tour is the name of a live album and live DVD by American pop singer Jesse McCartney. It features live performances of songs from his debut studio album Beautiful Soul. Two songs from the studio version Come To Me and Why Is Love So Hard To Find are replaced with Best Day of My Life and Good Life.
 Chicas Malas (English: Bad Girls) is the fourth studio album by Spanish recording singer-songwriter Mónica Naranjo. It was released through Sony on October 26 2001. The album features several notable collaborations with such worldwide-known influences the album sales were disappointing. It sold only 120000 copies in its first year and is the lowest-selling studio album in her Spanish singing career.
 A Disease for the Ages is a studio album by the Irish death/doom metal band Mourning Beloveth released May 13 2008. This is the first Mourning Beloveth album to feature Brendan Roche on bass guitar.
 III (or Sebadoh III) is the third album by the American indie rock band Sebadoh. It was released by Homestead Records in 1991.III was the first full length Sebadoh album to feature Jason Loewenstein who joined the band's two founding members Lou Barlow and Eric Gaffney in 1989 and debuted on the Gimme Indie Rock single earlier that year.The album cover features a childhood photograph taken by Gaffney.
 Kingdom of XII is the tenth studio album by American southern rock band Molly Hatchet released in 2000 by the German label SPV. It was reissued in the United States in 2001 by CMC International a division of Sanctuary Records Group.
 Moonglow/This Bitter Earth is a 7 by Aaron Funk a.k.a. Venetian Snares released in 2004 on Addict Records. It carries on from his EP Badminton (also a 7 record) in that it features jazz music cut up to fit strange time signatures and fast programming.The track Moonglow samples the 1962 Dinah Washington cover of Glenn Miller's song A Handful of Stars.
 Open Your Eyes is the seventeenth studio album by progressive rock band Yes released in 1997. It is the first album to feature Billy Sherwood as a band member and the only one on which he is the main keyboard player.
 Cameosis is the fifth album by the funk/soul band Cameo released in 1980.
 View from a Backstage Pass is a live compilation by The Who. This double album was released on 5 November 2007 available only to new subscribers of The Who.com.It features rarely performed numbers such as Magic Bus Squeeze Box Dreaming from the Waist and Bargain as well as a 24-page colour booklet featuring unseen photos from the band’s archive.
 Blow All My Blues Away is a nine-disc compilation album by Janis Joplin. The album gathers rare unreleased and alternate songs and performances by Joplin from her very first live recordings in 1962 up until 1970.
 Red Hot and Heavy is the debut album of the Danish Hard rock/heavy metal band Pretty Maids produced by Billy Cross and released in 1984.
 All You Need Is Love is the debut mini album by Thai singer-songwriter and the winner of True Visions' Academy Fantasia season 4 Nat Sakdatorn as a solo artist. The official release date of this album is April 25 2008. The album contains a special CD+VCD package (6 tracks and 6 karaoke videos).
 Conqueror is the second full-length album from Jesu.
 Tin Can Trust is a 2010 album by the band Los Lobos and is the band's first collection of new original material since 2006. It features rock 'n' roll blues two Spanish-language tracks and a Grateful Dead cover song. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Americana Album.
 Quo is the seventh studio vinyl LP album by Status Quo from 1974. Featuring Francis Rossi Richard Parfitt Alan Lancaster and John Coghlan. Like the previous album Hello! it consisted entirely of songs written or co-written by the group.
 Wild Love is the fourth album by Bill Callahan (also known as Smog) released on March 27 1995 on Drag City and re-released in Europe on Domino in 2001. Jim O'Rourke appeared as cellist on this album his first collaboration with Smog. Drag City's producer Rian Murphy helped to develop a wider musical palette than its predecessor Julius Caesar.Chan Marshall later covered Bathysphere on her 1996 album What Would the Community Think.
 Think Tank is the seventh live spoken word album by Henry Rollins released on September 22 1998 on DreamWorks Records. It was reissued with new artwork on 2.13.61 Records in 2007. The first disc was recorded on Rollins' 37th birthday at the House of Blues in Chicago IL. The second disc was recorded at a series of shows during his Australian tour in October 1997. His next spoken word album Eric the Pilot was recorded during this same tour.
 200 M.P.H. (1968) is the seventh stand-up comedy album by Bill Cosby and his ninth album overall. It was recorded live at Harrah's Lake Tahoe Nevada by Warner Bros. Records.
 Kosači (English translation: Mowers) is the fifth studio album by Montenegrin singer Boban Rajović. It was released in late spring 2008.
 Throw Down Your Arms is Sinéad O'Connor's seventh studio album and her first reggae album. O'Connor sings cover versions of classic roots reggae songs with production by Sly and Robbie.The album was recorded in Kingston Jamaica at Tuff Gong Studios and Anchor Studios in 2004 and released by Chocolate and Vanilla on 4 October 2005. It sold over 250000 copies worldwide with 10 per cent of the profits going to support Rastafari elders in Jamaica.
 Appearances: Book 1 is a Best Of album by rapper Brotha Lynch Hung released on January 19 2002. This was put out by B.M.R.(now B.M.A.) Lynch's old label ran by Cedric Singleton.
 Dizzy Mizz Lizzy is the eponymous debut album of the Danish rock band Dizzy Mizz Lizzy released in on 4 March 1994.
 Pink + Green is an EP by breakcore artist Venetian Snares released in March 2007.
 In the Light is a double album of contemporary classical music by Keith Jarrett which was recorded and released on the ECM label in 1973.
 Compas is the ninth studio album by Gipsy Kings. It was released in 1997 in Europe and the US using a different song order. The European version has one completely new track Sueño de Noche as well as a remixed version of Ami Wa Wa (Solo Por Ti).
 Jack Ingram is the eponymous debut album by country music artist Jack Ingram. It was the first of three albums released by Ingram on the Crystal Clear Sound label in 1995. No singles were released from this album. Most of the tracks from this album were re-released on the compilation album Young Man in 2004 along with tracks from his second studio album Lonesome Question.
 Recorded live at the Noe Valley Ministries Presbyterian Church in San Francisco California over two nights of performances Unclogged presents acoustic arrangements of past X material along with two new songs: 'Lying in the Road' and 'The Stage.' The album's title is a play on the title of the MTV Unplugged television show and album series which feature bands playing acoustic arrangements of their most popular songs.
 Nothin' But Drama is the second album by Profyle released on October 17 2000.
 6twenty is the debut album released by New Zealand rock band The D4 in 2001. A limited edition vinyl version was released in 2002.
 Mariachi El Bronx is the fourth studio album by the Los Angeles rock band The Bronx released on September 1 2009 through Swami Records in the United States and Wichita Recordings in the United Kingdom. It marks a divergence from the band's usual hardcore punk and hard rock sound in favor of a mariachi style. To promote and perform the album the band adopted the alter ego persona Mariachi El Bronx and have performed under both identities concurrently.
 Starry Starry Night is a live album by American singer-songwriter Don McLean released in 2001.
 Instruments of Torture was the first full length album by the brutal death metal band Brodequin.
 The Room is an album composed and performed by Harold Budd.
 Super Sun is the debut studio album by Nigerian alternative soul artist Emmanuel Bezhiwa Idakula also known as Bez. It was released via Cobhams Asuquo’s label CAMP in July 2011.Two singles Stop Pretending and Zuciya Daya (en: Whole Heart) were released through the Hennessy Artistry series platform in 2009.[citation needed] This helped to promote the album which was eventually released two years later.
 Freight Train Heart is an album by Australian rock singer Jimmy Barnes released in late 1987 in Australia by Mushroom Records and in early 1988 in the United States by Geffen. It spent 5 weeks at the top of the Australian Album charts in Dec 1987 / Jan 1988.
 Du ciment sous les plaines is the third album of the French rock group Noir Désir.The French edition of Rolling Stone magazine named this album the 21st greatest French rock album (out of 100).
 Halloween Music Collection is the 13th album by dark ambient band Midnight Syndicate released in 2010. All the songs were on previous releases but were mixed especially for the Halloween season. This CD is also available with the 2010 film The Dead Matter co-directed by the members of Midnight Syndicate.
 Headgit is first EP/release by the British rock band Githead issued in 2004.
 Heavy Medal is second studio album of a Hungarian rock band named P. Mobil recorded in 1983.The record was realized in east Europe and USSR.
 Brothas Doobie is the second album by the Los Angeles-based Latino rap group Funkdoobiest. It was released by Epic Records in March 7 1995 and was produced by DJ Muggs. This was the final album for the back-up MC and hypeman Tomahawk Funk because he left group after this release. The album contains the famous and controversial track Superhoes which also appeared in the soundtrack to the film Friday starring NWA's Ice Cube.
 Ruka bez povratka (A hand with no return) is the third studio album by the Serbian britpop/alternative rock band Veliki Prezir released by B92 in 2005.
 The Ghetto Blaster EP is the first EP from the rap rock supergroup Street Sweeper Social Club released on August 10 2010. It features covers of Paper Planes by M.I.A. and Mama Said Knock You Out by LL Cool J as well as a remix of the band's second single Promenade. They also cover The Coup song Everythang. It has also been confirmed that the full touring band has recorded on the album.
 This article describes the 2nd album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 2 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 2 was released on July 27 1999. The album is the second edition of the (U.S.) Now! series. It debuted and peaked at number three on the Billboard 200 and has been certified 2x Platinum by the RIAA.
 Survival Skills is the collaborative album from MC KRS-One and Buckshot. The album was released on September 15 2009 on Duck Down Records. It is the 18th album for KRS-One and the fourth for Buckshot.The first single ROBOT was released on May 5 2009. The music video was directed by Todd Angkasuwan and debuted as the New Joint of the Day on 106 & Park on September 4 2009.
 Wounded Land is the debut album from British progressive metal band Threshold released in 1993. It is the first of three non-consecutive albums to feature vocalist Damian Wilson who returned for 1997's Extinct Instinct and 2012's March of Progress and the only one to feature Tony Grinham on drums.
 Lyrical Millenium is the 1999 debut album of Memphis rap artist Mr. Del. This album is quite different from his subsequent albums being that this album was recorded before Mr. Del re-dedicated his life to Jesus Christ and became a Christian Hip Hop artist. Unlike Del's Christian albums this album features Profanity and explicit lyrical content. The song Azz & Tittiez was later reworked in 2000 with Hypnotize Camp Posse on the Hypnotize Camp Posse compilation
 Jekyll & Hyde is a 2010 album by South African rock band Prime Circle. It was released through EMI Music South Africa. The album gained recognition mainly due to its hits Breathing Turning in my Sleep and All of Me.
 Death and Progress is a recording by Diamond Head and was released in 1993 under Castle Music Ltd.This was Diamond Head's first album since Canterbury released 10 years earlier. It was mixed by Andrew Scarth who had previously worked for bands such as Bad Company and Foreigner.
 Momente (German for moments) is the tenth studio album from Austrian band L'Âme Immortelle.
 Another Year is an EP by New Zealand band Nocturnal Projections in 1982.
 Rage Valley is the second EP by the Australian electro house duo Knife Party. It was released 27 May 2012 on Beatport and on 3 June 2012 on iTunes. The title track was originally named Fuck Em but was changed for what Knife Party described as secret shady reasons. Originally Rage Valley was set to be released before the end of April but due to multiple setbacks the release was delayed for four weeks. A music video for Centipede was released on 8 August 2012.
 Dance Naked is the 13th album by American singer-songwriter and musician John Mellencamp released in 1994. The album was released in response to the record company's accusations that Mellencamp's previous album Human Wheels didn't fit the format. Mellencamp was irritated with this remark feeling that none of his albums ever fit the format.
 Pandemonium: Live at the O2 Arena London 21 December 2009 commonly referred to as simple Pandemonium is a live album by English electronic duo Pet Shop Boys released on 15 February 2010 as a CD/DVD combo. As indicated in its title it is a recording of a live concert at The O2 Arena in London on 21 December 2009 as part of the duo's Pandemonium Tour. The DVD includes the full Pandemonium show filmed by David Barnard. The sound was mixed for DVD by Dave Woolley.
 Sons of Northern Darkness is the seventh album by the Norwegian black metal band Immortal. Musically it continues the blackened thrash metal style heard the two previous releases At the Heart of Winter and Damned in Black. This was the band's first release on Nuclear Blast Records. Iscariah left the band shortly before the album was released and the band broke up the following year.
 I Hope You’re Sitting Down also known as Jack’s Tulips is the 1994 debut album by Lambchop.
 Freedom in the Groove is a 1996 album by jazz saxophonist Joshua Redman. All songs on the album were original compositions.
 Tabasko is an album released by O.S.T.R. in 2002.
 Even My Sure Things Fall Through is an EP by Arizona band Calexico.
 Fish Rising is the debut solo album by English guitarist Steve Hillage recorded and released in 1975 (see 1975 in music).The album was recorded just prior to Hillage's departure from the band Gong and many of the players on this album are from that band: Bassist Mike Howlett drummer Pierre Moerlen keyboardist Tim Blake and saxophonist Didier Malherbe. In 2007 Virgin issued a re-mastered version with two bonus tracks.
 Live Ballads is the first live CD or video album and eleventh album overall by popular Greek singer Sakis Rouvas released in Greece and Cyprus on 27 April 2006 by Minos EMI. The concert was recorded on 14 February 2006 as a special Valentine's Day performance called Sakis For Valentines. Sakis sang only love oriented ballads in both Greek and English from his large repertoire and covers of other artists.
 Songs for the Restless is the second album by the Florida-based rock music group Endo. The album was released on July 22 2003 via DV8/Columbia Records (a division of Sony Music). Noticeable was the band's shift from nu metal sound of their previous album to a more post-grunge sound.The track Simple Lies is present on the soundtrack for the 2003 movie Daredevil.
 Totally Hits 2004 Vol. 2 is an album in the Totally Hits series that was released on October 5 2004. It peaked at #19 on the Billboard 200 album chart. The album contained one Billboard Hot 100 number-one hit: I Believe.
 Square is an album by Buck 65. Though it consists of four tracks each track consists of multiple songs.This album was nominated for a 2003 Juno Award for Alternative Album Of The Year.
 Begin Again is the second album by British electronic rock band KLOQ (band) released 8 October 2013. The album was released via Metropolis Records.The album reached No.2 in its 13th week in the European Alternative Charts and also reached No.1 on the Rockadia new release chart in its first week and was No.9 in the iTunes Alternative New Releases chart also in its first week.
 Friendliness is the second album by the British rock group Stackridge. The album was produced by Stackridge and Victor Gamm at Sound Techniques London. This was the only Stackridge album to be released on the MCA Records label both in the U.K. and the U.S.The album has a wide variety of songs. Lummy Days is a galloping instrumental with strong English folk and classical music influences. Syracuse The Elephant is progressive rock similar to early Genesis.
 Running Down the Road is a 1969 album by American folk singer Arlo Guthrie. Guthrie's version of the traditional folk tune Stealin' was featured in the film Two-Lane Blacktop. The cover shows the artist upon a Triumph TR6 Trophy motorcycle which is also pictured in the album's 'gate'.
 Piano Interpretations by Bud Powell is a studio album by jazz pianist Bud Powell released in 1956 by Norgran featuring two sessions that Powell recorded at Fine Sound Studios in New York in April 1955.The album was re-issued on LP by Verve (MGV 8167) and released as a CD replica by Verve (Japan) in 2006 (POCJ-2743). The sessions (with alternate takes) are also available on The Complete Bud Powell on Verve (1994) CD box set.
 Burnin' at 20 Below is the second and final album released by the rapper Antoinette released on May 30 1990 through Next Plateau Entertainment. Production was by DJ Doc Kurtis Mantronik Ellis Jay and Kenni Hairston. The album peaked at #66 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Singles from the album were Never Get Enough and She Operates Around the Clock; both failed to chart.
 Autopsie Vol. 4 is a mixtape by French Rapper Booba that was released on November 15 2011. In the featuring guests Kaaris Gato Niro and Shay.The mixtape was greatly popular reaching number 2 in SNEP the official French Albums Chartstaying for a total of 23 weeks in the chart. It also charted in Ultratop Belgian French Charts and in Switzerland.
 Burner is the only album by American math rock band Breadwinner released in 1994 through Merge Records. It compiles two out-of-print 7-inch singles released by the band and 3 unreleased tracks.
 Close Enough for Love is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in 1986 by Atco Records.Williams writes in the liner notes: This is essentially a ‘live’ album. Our objective was to get real performances from both the orchestra and myself as opposed to the sometimes sterile perfection of countless overdubs and tracking sessions. To my amazement we used the first takes on most of the songs.
 Greatest Hits is a hits compilation released by British singer-songwriter Robbie Williams on 18 October 2004. The album includes two new songs these being Radio and Misunderstood which were both released as singles. The album is his seventh overall released in the United Kingdom. It was one of the fastest selling albums upon release in the country where it debuted at the number-one spot with first week sales of over 320000 copies.
 Hymns is the 1986 studio album by 2nd Chapter of Acts.
 Snowed In is the fourth album by American pop rock group Hanson. A Christmas album it was quickly released following the success of their previous album Middle of Nowhere and was recorded in London. Snowed In was also the best-selling holiday album for 1997 in the United States selling 863000 copies that year according to Nielsen/SoundScan.
 MF Grimm & Drasar Monumental's second official project together and the sequel to 2012's Good Morning Vietnam EP Good Morning Vietnam 2: The Golden Triangle picks up where the previous title left off. Introduced in this iteration is the theme of heroin and the drug trade.
 Mutiny Up My Sleeve was the third album by Canadian rock band Max Webster. The record was released in 1978 and has been certified gold by the Canadian Recording Industry Association.
 Nightmares in the Nineties is a compilation album by the heavy metal band King Diamond.
 Speech was the fourth and last album of the British blues-rock band Steamhammer.In 1971 Kieran White and Steve Davy left Steamhammer and bassist Louis Cennamo joined guitarist Martin Pugh and drummer Mick Bradley. This lineup together with session vocalist Garth Watt-Roy recorded this album which was released in 1972. It consisted of three long and mostly instrumental songs.
 Dave Digs Disney is a studio album by Dave Brubeck Quartet. The original LP was issued only in mono though stereo tapes were recorded at the time. Typically mono versions were followed by a stereo release six months later. But back in 1957 at the dawn of the stereo era there wasn't enough of a market.
 At The Cat's Cradle 1992 is Ween's sixth live album. It was released on November 25 2008 on Chocodog Records.The 2-disc package includes a CD containing a live performance from December 9 1992. The bonus DVD contains other live performances from 1992 including clips from Ween's first tour of the Netherlands.
 Sudan Village is a live album by Seals & Crofts. It features the single Baby I'll Give It To You which reached #58 on Billboard's charts.
 Two Yanks in England is an album by The Everly Brothers released in 1966.The backing band on most of the recordings is actually The Hollies and eight of the twelve songs featured are credited to L. Ransford The Hollies' Allan Clarke Tony Hicks and Graham Nash songwriting pseudonym. Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones are also purported to play on the record as session musicians.
 Storm of the Horde is the debut album by the Dutch death metal band Katafalk. It was released in 2003 by Cold Blood Industries.
 Pollution is the second studio album by the Italian musician Franco Battiato. It was released in 1972 on the Italian experimental label Bla Bla (catalogue no. BBXL10002). It reached No.19 in the Italian Album charts.
 Yours is the studio album by jazz vocalist Sara Gazarek.Gazarek's debut album was released by Native Language Music on August 23 2005. The album peaked at number 10 on Billboard Top Jazz Albums chart.
 An Invitation to Worship is Byron Cage's second release on Gospocentric Records. The album was recorded live at the New Birth Cathedral in Atlanta Georgia under the production of PAJAM and peaked at #2 on U.S. Gospel charts.
 Jesu is the first full-length album from Jesu released by Hydra Head Records on December 8 2004. Unlike the Heart Ache EP where Justin Broadrick executed all instrumentation himself this release features Ted Parsons on drums Diarmuid Dalton on bass and a guest appearance by Paul Neville on guitar on the track Man/Woman. The album was released in Japan by Daymare Recordings and contains two additional instrumental remixes on a bonus disc.
 Animalisms is the third British album by British group The Animals. It has a track listing generally similar to the American version Animalization that would be released two months later.A 1996 British CD reissue of the album combined Animalisms Animalization and a 1963 independent EP cut as The Alan Price Rhythm and Blues Combo all under a different cover.Animalisms peaked at # 4 in the UK album chart in June 1966.
 Five O'Clock Bells is an album by Auburn ME born guitarist Lenny Breau released in 1979.
 Who You Are is the debut studio album by English singer-songwriter Jessie J released on 28 February 2011 in the UK and on 12 April in the US. Due to high demand and interest from fans the release advanced by a month from 28 March as previously planned.Production for the album took place throughout 2010 and contributing producers included: Dr. Luke Toby Gad and K-Gee.Who You Are received generally mixed reviews from contemporary music critics.
 This article is about the series of soundtracks for the television show Instant Star. The albums shown below were released from 2005 to 2009.The majority of songs performed for all of the albums were by Alexz Johnson. The first two albums contain only songs sung by Johnson but starting from Songs from Instant Star 3 only four songs per album featured her vocals.
 Inishmore is the tenth studio album by American heavy metal band Riot. It was released on January 27 1998. The album is based on conceptual sagas of Celtic & Irish myths.
 Dub Wars is the fifth release by American reggae band Groundation. Released in 2005 on Young Tree Records Dub Wars collects dub versions of tracks from previous Groundation albums Hebron Gate (originally released on the LP Dragon War) and We Free Again. These dub versions were engineered by Jim Fox (Lion & Fox) and redubbed by keyboardist Marcus Urani.
 Black Out the Sun is the ninth studio album by the American metal band Sevendust released on March 26 2013.
 The Gallery is the second full-length studio album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Dark Tranquillity released on November 27 1995. It was the first full-length release to feature Mikael Stanne on lead vocals while passing down his position of guitarist to Fredrik Johansson.
 Torture is the twelfth studio album by American death metal band Cannibal Corpse. The album was produced at Sonic Ranch Studios by Hate Eternal guitarist Erik Rutan. During the first week of release Torture nearly sold 10000 copies placing Cannibal Corpse at 38 on the Billboard 200.
 The Music Remains the Same (A Tribute to Led Zeppelin) is a tribute album of Led Zeppelin songs. It was released on 25 November 2002 by American record label Locomotive Music.
 Cowboys and Cadillacs is the debut album of country singer Jaydee Bixby who was the runner-up on the fifth season of Canadian Idol. The album was released in Canada on July 8 2008. The first single from the album Old Fashioned Girl was released on iTunes on June 17 2008.
 Hola Hola is the debut EP of American girl group The Rosso Sisters.
 Inni (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈɪnːɪ] Within) is a live motion picture and album by Icelandic band Sigur Rós released in 2011. The concert footage was directed by Vincent Morisset and filmed at the Alexandra Palace in 2008. It was released on 7 November 2011 on various formats including vinyl DVD Blu-ray and CD.
 Live at Kunsthalle Düsseldorf is a double-disc live album by German band La! Neu? released in 2001 after the band had split up. It consists of a recording of their final concert held at Kunsthalle Düsseldorf on 19 July 1998. Immediately after the concert the band disbanded amicably (in part due to pressure from Klaus Dinger's ex-bandmate Michael Rother who resented Dinger's use of the word Neu! in La! Neu?'s name).
 Bicicleta is the third studio album recorded by the Argentinian rock group Serú Girán released in 1980. The album is widely considered by fans and critics alike to be one of the group's finest and subsequently went on to be ranked by the Rolling Stone as the 68th best Argentinian album of all time.
 Riley Armstrong is the self-titled debut album of Christian singer-songwriter Riley Armstrong released in 2000 (see: 2000 in music). It marked the replacement of his stage name Plain Edson with his real name. Riley had previously released the album Novel Reason under his pseudonym. Riley Armstrong also marked the debut of newly formed Flicker Records. The album includes a cover of Simon and Garfunkel's Bridge over Troubled Water.
 The Christmas Album is the 1997 album from The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band. The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band (aka The Dirt Band) is notable for having many charting albums and singles. This album reached 93 on the US Country charts.
 In Person at the Americana was an LP album by Julie London released by Liberty Records under catalog number LRP-3375 as a monophonic recording and catalog number LST-7375 in stereo in 1964.
 Spiritual Garden is an album by Kitarō inspired by the Harupin-Ha Butoh Dance of Koichi Tamano. It also features Kitaro's first collaboration with wife Keiko Takahashi.
 What We All Come to Need is the fourth studio album by American post-metal band Pelican. The album was released on October 27 2009 through Southern Lord Records; their first for the label after leaving Hydra Head Records earlier in 2009.A music video for Final Breath directed by Matt Santoro was released on December 22 2009.In celebration of the album's release Kuma’s Corner a Chicago restaurant two blocks from Schroeder-Lebec's home offered a custom burger known as the Pelican burger.
 1 2 3 Red Light the second album by American bubblegum pop group the 1910 Fruitgum Company was released six months after their debut album Simon Says. The title song written by Sal Trimachi and Bobbi Trimachi was the albums' only hit single for the band peaking at #5 on the Billboard Hot 100 with both the album and the single just barely missing the success of their first release.As with their previous album there has been questions about who played what.
 Forgotten Legends is the first full-length album by Ukrainian black metal band Drudkh. The album's sound and atmosphere have often been compared favourably to those of Burzum.
 Od neba do neba (English: From Heaven to Heaven) is the ninth studio album by the Bosnian heavy metal band Divlje jagode released in 2003.
 Mr. Chips is a soul-jazz album by saxophonist Hank Crawford released in 1986 on Milestone Records.
 This is a list of albums recorded in tribute to the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden.
 Aadat (Urdu: عادت literal English translation: habit) is the debut album by Pakistani rock band Jal released on 27 September 2004. Two of the songs from the album also appeared on Atif Aslam's debut album Jal Pari after Atif Aslam left the band. This led to a dispute between Atif Aslam and Jal about who owned the rights to the songs.Singles from the album were Panchi Bikhra Hoon Main Aadat Woh Lamhein Ik Din Aayega Dil Harey and Teri Yaad.
 Temple IV is the second album by guitarist and composer Roy Montgomery released on January 1 1996 through Kranky Records.
 Lost in the Feeling is the ninth studio album released by American country music artist Mark Chesnutt. This album marked Chesnutt's return to MCA after the dissolution of the Decca Records Nashville division in 1999.
 Dogs Eating Dogs is an EP by the American rock band Blink-182 released on December 18 2012. Self-produced by the band it is the first recording that was self-released after their departure from Interscope/DGC in October 2012.
 Winkin' Blinkin' and Nod: The Kapp Recordings is a limited edition compilation CD on Geffen Records distributed on-line solely by Hip-O-Select. It contains all 25 songs from The Simon Sisters' first two albums for Kapp Records back in 1964 (Meet The Simon Sisters and Cuddlebug). Only 4000 of these CDs have been printed and then it will go out of print. A 12 page booklet is included with liner notes written by Carly Simon.
 Ourselves is a 1988 album by punk band 7 Seconds.
 Going Public is the fifth studio album by Christian pop rock band Newsboys released in 1994. The album was the band's second commercial success (following Not Ashamed) and it featured Shine one of their most popular songs.The album was recognized with two Dove Awards at the 25th GMA Dove Awards one for Rock Album of the Year and the other Rock Recorded Song of the Year for Shine as well as nominations for Short Form Music Video of the Year (Shine) and Song of the Year (Shine).
 Além do que os Olhos Podem Ver is the eighth studio album by Oficina G3.
 Medeiros is the debut album by Wheat. It was released in the fall of 1997 and reissued in 2009.
 Rock On is the second live release by the Australian band The Screaming Jets released in 2005. It was also released as a DVD (Rock On) with this disc as a bonus disc.
 The Experience is a 2001 live album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams. The album also includes a two covers of R. Kelly's I Believe I Can Fly: one studio version featuring R&B vocalist Gerald Levert and a live solo version. Both were released as singles. The album was nominated for and won a Grammy for Best Soul Gospel album the following year (the second win for Adams).
 Devoted Spirits: A Tribute to Earth Wind and Fire is a tribute album to the R&B band Earth Wind & Fire by the band Devoted Spirits which consists of former EWF members Larry Dunn Sheldon Reynolds and Morris Pleasure.The album was released in 2004 on Thump Records.
 Man's Myth is the fourth album by Twiztid. Released on June 28 2005 it is the first half of the Man's Myth/Mutant double album released one month before its companion album Mutant. In his review of the album Allmusic's David Jeffries wrote that while the album doesn't have E-40 or Bushwick Bill guest shots like 2003's Green Book did it reaches farther outside the suburban trash world of Psychopathic Records than anything the label has released previously.
 Pony Ride is the fourth and the last studio album by Finnish Britpop band The Crash released on 27 September 2006.
 The Seaside is the third album from English rock group Cardiacs. The album originally featured the second recording of what would become the band's only hit single Is This the Life?. It is the last of the band's releases to feature keyboard player/drummer/singer Mark Cawthra and the first to feature keyboard player William D. Drake (as well as being the only album to feature two other musicians who were briefly Cardiacs members - Graham Simmonds and Marguerite Johnson).
 Metaphysics is the second album by Duncan Avoid.
 Mytrwa is the promo EP by the Polish progressive band Indukti.
 Part II is the second album by American country music artist Brad Paisley. Released in 2001 on Arista Nashville it became Paisley's second platinum-certified album in the United States. It produced four singles: Two People Fell in Love Wrapped Around I'm Gonna Miss Her (The Fishin' Song) and I Wish You'd Stay which respectively reached number 4 number 2 number 1 and number 7 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.
 There's Beauty in the Purity of Sadness is the second album by industrial metal band Red Harvest. It was released through Voices of Wonder in 1994.
 Chapter V is the fifth studio album by American R&B recording artist Trey Songz released on August 21 2012 by Atlantic Records. It was produced by several record producers including Troy Taylor Eric Hudson Rico Love and Benny Blanco among others.
 Feelin's is an album by saxophonist Teddy Edwards which was recorded in 1974 and first released on the Muse label.
 Stay Awake: Various Interpretations of Music from Vintage Disney Films is a 1988 tribute album recorded by various artists performing songs from Disney films. It was produced by Hal Willner one of the many tribute albums he has done.
 Early Morning Wake Up Call was Flash and the Pan's 1984 album release and was produced by Vanda and Young themselves.
 Devil's Playground is the sixth studio album by English rock vocalist Billy Idol released on 22 March 2005. It is his first studio album in over a decade (the latest being 1993's Cyberpunk) and his first new studio songs since 2001 (Idol's cover of Don't You (Forget About Me) on Greatest Hits). The album also reunited Idol in the studio with guitarist Steve Stevens and producer Keith Forsey. All songs were written or co-written by Idol except Plastic Jesus.
 Barchords is the second album from Canadian musician Bahamas.
 Live at Montreux 2005 is a live album by Steve Earle. The album was recorded in July 2005 and released on July 11 2006.
 Morning Glory is a compilation album by Tim Buckley. The album is a compilation of the Buckley's 1968 John Peel session (see Peel Sessions) and two further tracks (Honeyman and Fred Neil's Dolphins) taken from the May 21 1974 performance for BBC TV music series The Old Grey Whistle Test.
 Shock Waves is a compilation album by Japanese heavy metal band Vow Wow. The album was released in 1986 in the USA.
 My Life is the second Japanese album by Alan released in Japan on November 25 2009 and in Taiwan and Hong Kong on November 27 2009 under the literally translated title Wǒ de Rénshēng (我的人生). The album was released in two different editions: a CD+DVD edition and a CD-only edition.
 Live on Stage is an album by the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage. It was recorded live in 1975 at the Beacon Theatre in New York City and at the Keystone in Berkeley California. It was released by Relix Records in 1993.
 The Silicone Veil is the third studio album by Norwegian singer/songwriter Susanne Sundfør. It was released 23 March 2012 in Norway to critical acclaim. It was released in the United Kingdom on the 15th October. It was recorded at Pooka Studio and Kikitépe Tearoom Studio. Three singles were released from the album White Foxes Among Us and The Silicone Veil. The video for Among Us was directed by Evan McNary.
 Higher is the ninth studio album by singer-songwriter Regina Belle and was released June 5 2012 on Pendulum Records. It peaked at #15 on the Billboard U.S. Gospel chart and #44 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Belle stated that she had more clear ideas during the creating and recording process of this album and she had a better understanding of where she wanted to go.The album produced the single Make An Example Out Of Me which peaked at #19 on the Billoboard Hot Gospel Songs chart.
 Paintings in My Mind is the second full-length studio release (third if the Republic of Idols EP is counted) from pianist and singer-songwriter Tommy Page. Released in 1990 it featured 10 tracks all of which Page either wrote by himself or co-wrote. The single I'll Be Your Everything was co-written by Page Jordan Knight and Danny Wood; it became a smash hit in 1990 peaking at number one on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Psycho One Hundred is the second album by the Dutch death metal band Nembrionic. It was released in 1995 by Displeased Records. The tracklisting printed on the CD is incorrect.
 InZhyr inЖИР is an album by Qarpa release in 2007.
 Folktales is the second studio album released by the rock and roll jam band The Big Wu.
 All Day All Night is the second album released by American R&B duo Changing Faces in 1997. The album features the singles G.H.E.T.T.O.U.T. and All of My Days. The album was certified gold in 1997 selling 500000 copies in the U.S alone.
 Songs Are Such Good Things is the fifth album by Scottish singer Lena Zavaroni released in 1978 by Galaxy Records.
 Hitsville USA: The Motown Singles Collection 1959–1971 is a 1992 four-disc collection of Motown hits released that same year. It was followed a year by the release of Hitsville USA: The Motown Singles Collection Volume 2 1972–1992.
 Keeping My Mind on Love is the sixteenth and last album recorded by Motown legend Mary Wells. On the Motorcity label this was Wells' first new record in seven years: much like a lot of the former Motown stars Wells had signed with Motorcity in order to build on the new attention garnered by the sales of classic Motown singles. This was one of the few projects from the label to be released: it folded in the early nineties.
 Dig Him! is an album by saxophonists Gene Ammons and Sonny Stitt recorded in 1961 and originally released on the Argo label in 1962. The album was subsequently rereleased as We'll Be Together Again on the Prestige label in 1968.
 Fuck You and Then Some (stylized as ''!!!Fuck You!!! and Then Some) is a 1996 reissue of the Overkill EPs Overkill (1984) and !!!Fuck You!!! (1987) combined with bonus live tracks including a cover of Black Sabbath's Hole in the Sky. The cover of this compilation album is the same as !!!Fuck You!!! although the cover of that EP does not feature the words and Then Some. As of 2006 the EP had sold over 13500 copies in the U.S.
 Songs from the Pink Death is the fourth album by composer and producer Kramer released on February 17 1998 through Shimmy Disc. The album features backup musicians including drummer Damon Krukowski of Galaxie 500 and guitarist Sean Eden of Luna.
 Two Lanes of Freedom is the twelfth studio album by American country music singer Tim McGraw. It was released February 5 2013 as his first album for Big Machine Records following a 20-year tenure with Curb Records. He co-produced the album with Byron Gallimore who has produced all of his prior albums. The album includes the singles Truck Yeah One of Those Nights Highway Don't Care and Southern Girl.
 Now That's Christmas is the third studio album and first Christmas album by Canadian country music singer Brad Johner. It was released on November 28 2005 by 306 Records. A music video was produced for the title track.
 Canned Wheat is an album released in 1969 by Canadian rock band The Guess Who. It peaked at #91 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts. Two of the band's hits were taken from the album: Laughing and Undun. The album also includes a version of No Time which would later be re-recorded for their American Woman album and released as a hit single.The band was sent to record the follow-up to Wheatfield Soul at RCA Studios in New York City.
 Build It Up is a full-length album released by indie rock band One for the Team based out of Minneapolis Minnesota. The album was recorded in April 2008 at Fur Seal Studios with Rob Skoro and Joe Johnson and subsequently released jointly on Militia Group and Afternoon Records labels in 2008.
 The Ellsworth Bumpy Johnson EP is an EP by rapper Prodigy of Mobb Deep. It was released on April 19 2011. The EP is available for free download on the internet. The EP were serves as the prelude to The Bumpy Johnson Album which was released in 2012.
 The Graceful Ghost is Grey DeLisle's third album. It was released in 2004 on Sugar Hill Records and is a tribute to Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash.
 Dream Interrupted is an instrumental hip hop album by American rapper/producer Danny! and the fourth release under Danny's personal 1911 Music/Badenov Records imprint. Dream Interrupted was released exclusively in the United Kingdom (under Danny's birth name Daniel Swain) on August 14 2006 (see 2006 in music) prior to seeing a stateside release the following year.
 The Tower is a 1984 album by The Legendary Pink Dots. It was the last album which April White (credited as April Iliffe/Sybil Strange-Cargo) appeared on.
 Days Like This is the third album from Dutch band Krezip. It peaked at #3 in the Dutch Mega Album Top 100.
 Si me llevas contigo is an album by Gloria Trevi. Trevi's manager Sergio Andrade produced her last album in the 1990s titled Si Me Llevas Cantigo (If You Take Me With You). The album was recorded in a home studio in Cuernavaca and in Los Angeles California. The album was released in November 1995 by BMG Ariola.
 Mo' Roots is a 1991 album by Maceo Parker.
 The Capitol Years is a 1990 compilation album of the U.S. singer Frank Sinatra.Released to coincide with Sinatra's 75th birthday this three-disc set has an abundance of classic Sinatra performances from his career with Capitol Records which spanned the years 1953 to 1961.
 Håll om mig nu was released on 18 August 1998 and is a compilation album from Swedish dansband Lotta Engbergs.
 Elation is the twelfth studio album by the American hard rock band Great White released in May 2012. It is the first Great White studio album to feature vocalist Terry Ilous. Additionally it is the first one without original vocalist Jack Russell.The album was announced on 18 March 2012 for a release on 18 May in Europe and 22 May in North America on Frontiers Records. It will also be released in Japan.
 One Two is a 1982 album by Sister Nancy. Originally issued on vinyl it was reissued on compact disc in 1992.
 Welcome to My Party is Rusted Root's fifth studio album. It marked a departure from the tribal grooves of the group's previous work to a poppier sound.
 Crazy Coolin is the debut album by Latin rap group Barrio Boyzz. It was released in 1992 through SBK Records. It's only single Muy Suavemente peaked at number 36 on the US Hot Latin Tracks chart.
 Lo Mejor de Marta Sanchez (eng.: The Best of Marta Sanchez) is the second compilation album released by the Spanish singer Marta Sanchez. Was released on March 1 2005. The album included three new tracks: Separate Caradura and Profundo Valor which were promoted as singles. Also the singer included on this album a reworked version of her hit-single Soldados del Amor previously recorded with her group Olé Olé.
 Burned Down the Enemy is the third album of heavy metal band Burning Point. The album was released in Asia by Soundholic on 20 December 2006 and in Europe on 19 January 2007 by Metal Heaven.It was recorded at Helgate studios in Oulu by Jukka Jokikokko. Mixing was made in Tonebox studios by Kakke Vähäkuopus. Album was mastered in Finnvox studios by Minerva Pappi.
 Welcome to the Drama Club is an album from rock band Everclear. It was released on September 12 2006 by Eleven Seven Music. It was the first album to include the new line-up of Everclear established following the departure of Craig Montoya and Greg Eklund after Everclear's previous album Slow Motion Daydream. It was also the first album since Everclear's departure from Capitol Records. This is also the band's second album to feature a parental advisory sticker.
 Wolfgang is the eponymous full-length debut studio album from Filipino rock band Wolfgang. The album was released in 1995 and went Platinum less than a year after release.
 Brush-fires of the Mind is the only album by Jon Schaffer's heavy metal solo-project Sons of Liberty. The album was released on the project's website on December 18 2009 to download for free if you sign up for the Sons of Liberty newsletter. It is also available as a high quality download however this one is not for free.
 Be Ever Wonderful is an album in 2000 by S.E.S.. This is S.E.S.'s third Japanese album.
 Dream & Memories is an album by Favorite Blue.
 Carnival of Souls: The Final Sessions is the 17th studio album from American hard rock band Kiss. Originally slated for a 1996 release it was ultimately not released until 1997. It was the band's final album with lead guitarist Bruce Kulick.
 Polis is the second studio album released by French Electronic artist Uppermost. It was made available for free digital download on his blog 19 December 2011.
 Yellow House is the second studio album by American indie rock band Grizzly Bear released on September 5 2006 on Warp Records. Produced by bass guitarist and multi-instrumentalist Chris Taylor the album's title refers to vocalist Ed Droste's mother's house where the majority of recording took place.The album is the first to feature both Taylor and vocalist and guitarist Daniel Rossen and received critical acclaim upon its release significantly increasing the band's exposure.
 Savage Poetry released in 1995 is a self-released album by the German power metal band Edguy often considered as a demo. It was re-released with a different track listing and cover in 2000.
 Rum & Coke is a 2009 album by British dub band Dub Pistols. It features guest appearances from Ashley Slater (Freakpower) Lindy Layton (Beats International) and DJ Justin Robertson.
 A War Story Book I is The Psycho Realm's 2nd album. Unlike their first album this was released under their own Sick Symphonies label. This CD only contains one song with B-Real unlike their first CD where B-Real was on most of the songs. This was due to his commitment to Cypress Hill and was no longer able to collaborate with the Psycho Realm. On this album they only have two featured guests: Crow from the Street Platoon and of course B-Real on Show Of Force.
 In the Beginning – The 1981 Singles is an EP by Play Dead. Just after Play Dead broke up in January 1986 Jung Records released this 4 track collection of their pre-The First Flower tracks. The four songs were originally released by the Fresh Records in 1981. The four songs were released on to the reissue of The First Flower album in 1993.
 Dies Irae is the fourth and final studio album by Devil Doll.A concept by Mr. Doctor is inspired by the life and music of George Harvey Bone the poems of Edgar Allan Poe Emily Brontë Emily Dickinson and Isidore Ducasse.The lyrics contains multiple references to the poem The Conqueror Worm by E.A. Poe (with the entire final stanza of the poem reproduced almost verbatim).
 Cheerful Sensibility is the first studio album by South Korean band F.T. Island released on 5 June 2007. The album contains 13 songs divided into two sections: Emotional Chapter consists of rock balads while F.T. Island Chapter is made up of pop-rock songs written by Japanese composers. The album sold 79000 copies and became the sixth most sold album of the year in South Korea. It was re-released on 3 December by the title The Refreshment with three new songs.
 On Better Days and Sin-Eating is the second and final release by industrial band Amphibious Assault formed by former Kittie member Fallon Bowman.Amphibious Assault's second album was completed and originally scheduled for a June and later an August 2005 release. The release was postponed both times largely due to Bowman's school schedule. Her scheduled live shows with Pigface were also affected by her school schedule.
 Shock is the fifth studio album by the band The Motels recorded in 1984 and 1985 and released in August 1985. Singles released from this album include the U.S. Top #40 Shame the Top 100 title track Shock as well as an Australia-only release Icy Red that did not chart.
 Invocations/The Moth and the Flame is a double album of improvised music written by and performed by Keith Jarrett on soprano saxophone and Pipe Organ (Invocations - recorded at the Benedictine Abbey in Ottobeuren Germany) and Piano (The Moth and the Flame) which was released on the ECM label in 1981.
 Let the Sunshine In is a 1969 album by Diana Ross & the Supremes recorded and released by Motown. It contains the hit single I'm Livin' in Shame (the sequel to 1968's number-one hit Love Child) The Composer a Smokey Robinson composition that peaked at #27 and No Matter What Sign You Are - a single produced by Motown chief Berry Gordy that failed to crack to Top 30 (peaking at #31).
 Instrumental Collection: The Shrapnel Years is a compilation album by guitarist/vocalist Richie Kotzen including instrumental songs from several albums through his career.
 Return of the Loving Dead is the fifth studio album by the Danish psychobilly band the Nekromantix released in 2002 by Hellcat Records.
 The Corruption of Mercy is the second album by Sarah Jezebel Deva was to-be released on June 20 2011 but was later announced that it would be released on June 27 2011 due to artwork issues. It once more features a cover track this time originally by The Cranberries. On the American and Canadian releases the cover song is Frozen by Madonna.
 Engraved in Black is the fourth studio album by the symphonic black metal band Graveworm released in 2003 through Nuclear Blast. This is the first Graveworm album to feature guitarist Eric Righi who also played bass on this recording.
 Houwa El-Zaman is the first studio album by Lebanese singer Haifa Wehbe. It was released in 2002 and was a commercial success.
 Ziggurats is the 2007 album from Australian three-piece band The Beautiful Girls. It was released in May 2007 and features the single I Thought About You.
 Now That's What I Call Love or Now Love is a double-disc compilation album released in the United Kingdom on 30 January 2012.Now Love features eleven songs which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: Only Girl (In the World) Fight For This Love When Love Takes Over Changed the Way You Kiss Me Glad You Came Never Leave You Meet Me Halfway Don't Hold Your Breath Smile The Promise and Greatest Day.
 Work and Non Work is a 1997 album by British indie electronic group Broadcast released by Warp Records which compiles material from their early singles.
 Twins is the eponymous debut studio album of South Korean boy band Super Junior 05 now known as just Super Junior. It was released on 5 November 2005 by in SM Entertainment. It includes their first #1 radio single Miracle and debut single Twins (Knock Out). The album sold over 100000 till now. It peaked at 3rd on the MIAK K-pop albums chart selling 28536 copies in the first month of release.
 Have a Nice Day is the ninth studio album by American rock band Bon Jovi released in September 2005. Produced by John Shanks the album was recorded at Sanctuary Sound II in New Jersey and Ocean Way Recording in Hollywood California.Have A Nice Day was originally recorded in the summer of 2004 supposed ready for release for early 2005. However due to various reasons and debates by the band and its record company the album was pushed back.
 The Byrds is a four-CD box set by the American rock band The Byrds that was released on October 19 1990 by Columbia/Legacy. The compilation comprises 90 tracks and covers the band's career from 1965 to 1971 (a period when they were signed to Columbia Records) in roughly chronological order but excludes material from their 1973 reunion album Byrds which was released on Asylum Records.
 Songs 1 is the fifthteenth studio album by the British singer-songwriter Judie Tzuke released in 2007.Many of the songs featured on the album were written with other recording artists such as Ben Mark David Saw and Gareth Gates and have in fact appeared (or are due to appear) on their own albums.The album features backing vocals by Tzuke's daughter Bailey Tzuke and appearances by other musicians such as Gareth Gates on piano.
 Xscape is the second posthumous compilation album of previously unreleased tracks by American recording artist Michael Jackson released by the Jackson Estate through MJJ Music and Epic Records on May 9 2014. It is the second album that the estate has released in partnership with Sony Music Entertainment since Jackson's death in late June 2009. L.A.
 The Wailin' Jennys EP was the debut release from the eponymous Canadian folk trio. The lineup of the group at the time was Ruth Moody Nicky Mehta and Cara Luft; Luft has since left the group being replaced first by Annabelle Chvostek and later by Heather Masse.
 The Ultimate Adventure is an album recorded by Chick Corea and released in 2006.Like his 2004 album To the Stars The Ultimate Adventure is a musical tribute to the work of science fiction author and Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard.
 Rabbitt Trax was the tenth studio album of Country music artist Eddie Rabbitt released in 1986 under the RCA Records label. The album produced four singles including A World Without Love Repetitive Regret Both to Each Other (Friends and Lovers) a duet with country-pop star Juice Newton and Gotta Have You. All songs reached the top ten on country charts with the duet going all the way to number one.
 The Best of Sixteen Volt is a compilation featuring tracks from the first four 16 Volt albums as selected by fans through the band's website. Disc two was recorded live in 2003 at the Cabaret Metro Chicago.
 Bring Yer Wellies is the sixth album by Celtic band Gaelic Storm. It was released on July 25 2006. Wellies is a nickname for Wellington boots which feature prominently in the lyrics of Kelly's Wellies and on the album cover.
 Metak (English: Bullet) is the seventh studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Stoja. It was released in 2006.
 Céline Dion chante Noël (meaning Céline Dion Sings Christmas Songs) is a French Christmas album by Canadian singer Celine Dion released in Quebec Canada on 30 November 1981. It is her second French album and first Christmas album.
 The Golden Opportunities 2 is a free downloadable EP by indie rock band Okkervil River containing the covers of five songs – the product of a one day studio session recorded onto a two track tape by Danny Reisch at Premium Recording in Austin TX. It was released as a free download from the band's website on November 28th 2011. It is a sequel to their 2007 album Golden Opportunities Mixtape.
 EP 1 Joey (also known as EP / JOEY or 未知 EP 1) is Joey Yung's debut CD and first EP. Being Roman Tam's student people had high expectations for this newcomer's songs and vocal performance on the album. When the CD was released it was very well accepted selling around 130000 copies in Hong Kong. The CD also broke the record for the most consecutive weeks on the IFPI album chart staying on the chart for 23 weeks. 未知 is a cover of Jennifer Paige's hit Crush.
 Bad Luck Streak in Dancing School is the fourth album by American singer/songwriter Warren Zevon released in 1980.Play It All Night Long is a satire of/homage Lynyrd Skynyrd's Sweet Home Alabama. It is probably the only popular song ever written which contains a reference to brucellosis.The term dancing school has been used as a euphemism for a brothel since the mid-17th century.
 Extensions is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in 1965 and released on the Argo label.
 Now We Are 5 is a compilation album released in 1998 on Sonic Unyon Records as a retrospective to mark the label's fifth anniversary.
 Sarge is a 1976 album by Delroy Wilson originally released on the LTD label in Jamaica and the Charmers label in the UK. The album was produced and arranged by Lloyd Charmers and featured the biggest selling reggae single of 1976 Wilson's cover version of Bob Marley's I'm Still Waiting.
 Milk Me is a 2004 album by hip hop duo The Beatnuts. It is the one and only Beatnuts album released by Penalty Recordings. It was critically received as a solid effort but barely scraped the Billboard 200. In addition none of its three singles were able to chart. The album's title was inspired by a phrase uttered by a man in some porno.Milk Me continues The Beatnuts' tradition of self-producing their albums.
 G Force is the second studio album by saxophonist Kenny G. It was released by Arista Records in 1983 and peaked at number 6 on the Billboard Jazz Albums chart number 17 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and number 62 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Rumor Had It was the first EP released by A Balladeer. It was released by the band itself not being signed by a record label. It was re-issued in December 2007.
 Mixed is a compilation album of two avant-garde jazz sessions featuring performances by the Cecil Taylor Unit and the Roswell Rudd Sextet. The album was released on the Impulse! label in 1998 and collects three performances by Taylor with Archie Shepp Jimmy Lyons Henry Grimes and Sunny Murray with Ted Curson and Roswell Rudd added on one track which were originally released under Gil Evans' name on Into the Hot (1961).
 Eternal Affairs is the second album released by Heather B. It was released on February 12 2002 through independent label Sai Records and featured production from Grammy Award winning Gordon Williams as well as Pete Rock and DJ Premier who are two of the most successful hip hop producers of all time. while the first and only single  Live MC was a moderate hit and the album was met with good reviews the project did not make it to the Billboard charts and has only sold 31000 copies to date.
 Tall Dark Hill was the final album by indie rock band Wolfie. It was released in 2001 by March Records.
 Into the Light is singer Chris de Burgh's eighth studio album released by A&M Records in 1986. The album is notable for containing what is easily de Burgh's biggest hit The Lady in Red one of the most instantly recognisable and often-played love songs.
 Misery is the fifth EP by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts. The EP was released on October 10 2011 in conjunction with their album Die Miserable. The EP is limited to 500 hand-numbered copies on CD 100 cassettes and is also available as a digital download.
 Suddenly Yours is the debut full-length studio album by the American pop/rock band Allstar Weekend who were signed with Hollywood Records at the time of release. The album released on October 19 2010.The album is preceded by the lead single Dance Forever was released on June 7 2010. The album's second single Come Down with Love was released on September 19 2010.
 Arbour Zena is an album composed by American pianist Keith Jarrett featuring saxophonist Jan Garbarek bassist Charlie Haden and the Stuttgart Radio Symphony Orchestra conducted by Mladen Gutesha which was released on the ECM label in 1975.
 Among Friends is a 1978 jazz album by saxophonist Art Pepper playing with Russ Freeman Bob Magnusson and Frank Butler.
 B Sides Win: Singles 1992–2008 is a compilation album by Sloan comprising B-sides bonus tracks and compilation tracks recorded between 1992 and 2008. The album was released in February 2010 on Sloan's Murderecords label in a digital download format.
 As I Am is the third studio album by American recording artist Alicia Keys. It was released in the United States on November 13 2007 by J Records. Recording sessions for the album took place at various recording studios during 2005 to 2007.
 Santiago a part of the Omni Series box set is the sixth studio album by Canadian songwriter and record producer Daniel Lanois. It was first released in December 2008 as a box set along with Steel (Omni Series 1) and Purple Vista (Omni Series 2).
 Peach Melba is the fourth album by singer Melba Moore released in 1975. This was her first album on the Buddah Records label.
 La Trampa is the second album by Mexican singer Ana Bárbara released in 1995. She won a Premio Lo Nuestro Award in the Best Female Artist Regional Mexican category as well as a Premio Furia Musical Award during this era.
 Loverama is the fifth album by Australian band Custard. It was released in 1999.
 Synchronicity is the debut album of singer-songwriter Olivia Lufkin. It includes her first six singles. The First Press edition includes an extra track called Mint. The album reached #20 on Oricon charts and charted for five weeks.The music video for Dress Me Up was shot on March 21 and 22 2000 at Sunshine City Tokyo featuring footage of the roof the aquarium and the shopping center.
 January Joy is the debut album by American singer Mashonda released in Japan only in November 2005 via J Records and Full Surface Records. The album features tracks produced by Swizz Beatz and Kanye West including two singles: Back Of Da Club and Blackout. The album was scrapped in the U.S. because of early leaks and failure of the project's two singles. The album never charted and was subsequently deleted.
 Heavy Left-Handed and Candid is a DVD release by Cradle of Filth from the 2001 Midian Tour. Eleven Burial Masses was filmed at Nottingham Rock City on 14 April 2001. The live album Live Bait for the Dead contains the same concert. The later release Eleven Burial Masses contains both the CD and DVD though without the special features. Early copies of the DVD were signed by the band.
 Séance Prime is Trap Them's Deathwish Inc. debut released on October 30 2007 making it their third release of the year. Like Sleepwell Deconstructor Séance Prime was produced by Kurt Ballou at Godcity Studios. Described as a tornado of D-Beat hooks frantic bursts of speed and earth shaking dirges this album has been critically called their heaviest release to date.
 Something Nice is an album by jazz vocalist Etta Jones which was recorded in late 1960 and early 1961 and released on the Prestige label.
 Toon Time is the debut studio album by American R&B group N-Toon. The album was released on March 21 2000 on the DreamWorks Records label.
 Birthday is The Association's fourth album. Despite the ostensibly psychedelic cover the album was even lighter on psychedelic influences than their first three with The Time it is Today being the sole representative of conventional psychedelic rock.
 Me & My Brother is the third studio album by Atlanta-based rap duo Ying Yang Twins. The album debuted at #11 on the Billboard 200 with approximately 62000 copies sold in the first week released. It remained on the charts for 54 weeks and was certified platinum by the RIAA with an excess of 1 million copies sold. The album also features their biggest hit the Lil Jon-assisted Salt Shaker which reached #9 on the Hot 100.
 Eternal Nightmare is the debut album by the San Francisco Bay Area thrash metal band Vio-lence. It was released originally in 1988 on MCA Records' Mechanix sublabel. The 2005 re-release includes a bonus CD of the Thrash of the Titans concert (benefit for Testament singer Chuck Billy) recorded August 11 2001.
 Alpha Omega (also referred to as Alpha-Omega or Alpha III Omega) is the third album by New York hardcore band Cro-Mags. It was released in 1992 on Century Media Records. This album features their original vocalist John Joseph who had left the band in 1987.
 This is a double EP featuring the Stoner rock bands Nebula and Lowrider.
 Out of the Blue: Live at Wembley is a concert film by the Electric Light Orchestra.In 1978 the band played the Wembley Arena for a record eight appearances. The opening night (a charity Gala event) was filmed in the presence of the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester and the band were introduced by US actor Tony Curtis.The stage was a huge flying saucer with hydraulic lifts the 'roof' would open up to reveal the band. The concert was one of the first examples of lasers used at a live rock concert.
 28th Annual Covenant Hits is a collection of songs performed by the 2006 nominees and winners from the 28th Annual Covenant Awards. The Covenant Awards are presented annually by the Canadian Gospel Music Association.
 From the Ashes is also the title of the finale of Mike Oldfield's Guitars album.From the Ashes is the seventh studio album by the punk rock band Pennywise released on September 9 2003.
 Burnt Out is LA Symphony member Flynn Atkins' second album released under Eartube.
 ...And the Battle Begun is the fifth album by the Rx Bandits and is also the band's first album released by Matt Embree's label Mash Down Babylon.
 Vo Slavu Velikim! (Во славу Великим!) is the third full-length album by the Russian folk metal band Arkona. It was released on September 28 2005 through Sound Age Production. It was re-released in 2008 by Vic Records.
 Debut of a Legend is a 1994 album by jazz violinist Johnny Frigo. Contrary to the title it was his third album as a leader.
 Resolver is the third studio album by the American alternative rock band Veruca Salt. It was released on May 16 2000 on Beyond Records followed by an Australian release on December 6 2002. This album was the first for the band after the departure of founding member Nina Gordon.Like their previous album Eight Arms to Hold You the title is inspired by The Beatles in this case a play on the title of their 1966 album Revolver.
 Mama's Gun is the second studio album by American recording artist Erykah Badu released November 21 2000 on Motown Records. Recording sessions for the album took place from 1999 to 2000 at Electric Lady Studios in New York City. A neo soul album Mama's Gun incorporates funk soul and jazz styles. It has confessional lyrics by Badu which cover themes of insecurity social issues and personal relationships.
 The Linear Scaffold is the debut studio album by Norwegian avant-garde metal band Solefald. It was released in 1997 through Avantgarde Records.
 Wanted is the fourth studio album by American rapper Bow Wow. It was released by Columbia Records on July 12 2005. The album debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 chart with nearly 120000 copies sold in the first week released. Months later the album was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipping over a million copies. Clean versions of Fresh Azimiz and Let Me Hold You were recorded.
 EVOL is the third studio album by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth. It was released in May 1986 through SST Records; the band's first release on the label. The album is notable for being the first with new drummer Steve Shelley replacing Bob Bert and for showing signs of the band transitioning away from their no wave past and toward a greater alternative rock sensibility.
 This article describes the 15th album in the New Zealand Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 15 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music 15 or Now 15 was released in 2004. The album is the 15th edition of the (New Zealand) Now! series.
 Satisfied 'N Tickled Too is the ninth studio album by Taj Mahal and was released on the Columbia Records label.
 The 86 Years of Eubie Blake is a 1969 studio album by ragtime pianist Eubie Blake and marks a reunion for Blake with his longtime collaborator Noble Sissle. The album was a 2006 entry into the Library of Congress' National Recording Registry.Was recorded in three sessions (the first on December 26 1968 followed by two more on February 6 and March 12 1969).
 For The Glory Of Nothing is the fifth album by Finnish heavy metal band Tarot released in 1998. The album includes a guest appearance from Timo Kotipelto of Stratovarius who contributes backing vocals to the song Warhead.
 This article is for the record album. For other uses see world circus.World Circus is the debut studio album of thrash metal band Toxik released in 1987 through Roadrunner Records. The album was re-released by Metal Mind Productions and Displeased Records in 2007.
 Point of Departure is the fifth album by jazz pianist and composer Andrew Hill recorded and released in 1964 on the Blue Note label. Point of Departure was reissued on CD by Blue Note in 1988 and again in 1999 when recording engineer Rudy Van Gelder remastered the album adding alternate takes of New Monastery Flight 19 and Dedication.
 G.a.S – Gangsta and Street is a mixtape by rappers Young Buck & Tha City Paper. The mixtape features exclusive tracks and freestyles from Tha City Paper & Young Buck.
 Come My Way is the first studio album by Marianne Faithfull. The album was arranged by acoustic guitarist Jon Mark. The cover photography is by Gered Mankowitz.
 Rise and Fall Rage and Grace is the eighth studio album by American punk rock band The Offspring released on June 17 2008 in the United States and a week earlier in Japan. It was their first album of new material in nearly five years following 2003's Splinter and their first to be produced by Bob Rock.The span of nearly five years between Splinter and Rise and Fall Rage and Grace was the longest gap between studio albums in The Offspring's career.
 Anthology is an anthology of previously unreleased Rough Cutt material.The Fiddler's Studio Sessions were recorded before the band's first album was recorded.
 Metal Health is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Quiet Riot. It was released on March 11 1983 bolstered by the #5 hit Cum on Feel the Noize and the #31 hit Metal Health. Metal Health is notable for being the first heavy metal album to reach the #1 spot on the Billboard 200. It knocked The Police's Synchronicity out of #1 in the US. The album went on to sell more than six million copies and is considered a classic among heavy metal fans.
 I Remember When This All Meant Something... is the second official mixtape from Milwaukee Wisconsin rapper Gerald Walker. All of the songs except for 4 (Not At All Wait A Minute Gotta Work & High) are featureless. Other popular songs on the mixtape are Silent and The Journey. Gerald Walker also serves as the executive producer for the majority of the mixtape with help from Barron 'Slot-A' Bollar.
 Dance in the Midnight is an album by T. Rex and was the third LP to be released after Marc Bolan's death in 1977. The album consists of unreleased studio outtakes and demos recorded by the band in the early to mid 1970's.The album reached #83 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Dangerous Games was the third and final studio album released by the American heavy metal band Alcatrazz. This album marked a drastic departure from the bands two previous albums with its heavily Japanese influenced style. This album was also the first and only appearance for new guitarist Danny Johnson who replaced Steve Vai after he left the band to join The David Lee Roth Band in 1986.
 Let It Enfold You is the second album by American rock band Senses Fail after From The Depths of Dreams as well as their first release on Vagrant Records. The album was originally intended to be released eight months earlier but due to label complications the release of the album was delayed until September 7 2004. Initial pressings also contained a bonus DVD. The album's title track was named after a poem of the same name by nihilistic author and poet Charles Bukowski.
 Cutting Corners EP is an EP by The View to be released on 13 June 2013. It is the second EP to be released by the band following The View EP.Two tracks from the EP Sunday and Happy were previously included on the band's album Bread and Circuses.
 I Stand With You is the second studio album by The Dawn released in 1988.
 Garageband Xmas EP is a Christmas EP by British artist Lightspeed Champion released for free on the internet on 8 December 2007.
 When Seconds Count is the sixth album from American rock band Survivor released in November 1986. It is the second album featuring vocalist Jimi Jamison. The album included the hit single Is This Love which peaked at #9 in the US on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in early 1987. The album reached #49 on the Billboard 200 album chart.This is one of the many Survivor albums briefly taken out of print in 2009. However it was remastered and reissued in 2011 and distributed by Rock Candy Records.
 Heavy Mood is the fourth studio album by American indie pop group Tilly and the Wall. It was released on October 2012 under Team Love Recordsand produced by Mike Mogis.
 Life Imitating Life is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Augustana released on April 22 2014 via Razor & Tie records.
 Paris Kills is the sixth studio album by The 69 Eyes. It was released in 2002 on Gaga Goodies / Poko Rekords and re-released in 2007 on Cleopatra records. The first single from this album was Dance d'Amour.
 Too Much is the first album by Berlin-based indie punk band Bonaparte. It was officially released by Staatsakt label in 2008 although a handmade version was already being sold at their concerts since 2007.
 Ruin is the second album by the metalcore band Architects. This was the first album to feature the vocalist Sam Carter and bassist Alex Ali Dino Dean.Stylistically this album displays a minor change in the band's style with the mathcore of Nightmares being melded with a more fluid metalcore sound.
 Restless in the Tides is the first full-length album by heavy metal music group Forever in Terror.
 Grandes is compilation album released by Latin American Mexican rock band Maná. They released this greatest hits album for distribution in Italy.
 Blackdance is the third album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 1974 and in 2007 was the twenty-fifth Schulze album reissued by Revisited Records. For the first time Schulze uses real synthesizers and a singer. Voices of Syn features Ernst Walter Siemon on vocals. Due to packaging and print errors on later releases Blackdance was considered Schulze's fourth album for decades until Klaus D.
 Turn It Up was the third studio album from Australian singer-songwriter Shannon Noll. It was released on 15 September 2007 in Australia with the first single from the album Loud released on 1 September. Recording of the album took place throughout May and June 2007 in Los Angeles. Shannon co-wrote at least nine tracks which were included on the album.On 21 September it was confirmed by Noll himself that the second single from the album would be In Pieces.
 Bulles is an album by French singer-songwriter Michel Polnareff released in 1981.With this album the singer found more success as it sold 800000 copies. Radio Je t'aime and Tam-Tam were put into heavy rotation on French radio stations. Although mostly rock-oriented Polnareff maintains his personality lyrically and musically.In 2001 the album was re-issued by Universal-Polygram.
 Tomorrow Becomes Yesterday is the fourth and final album of the band Bamboo. It is the first release of original material by the band since 2005's Light Peace Love. It achieved platinum status on September 28 2008 (two days after its release).In 2010 they released a repackaged version of the album and a bonus DVD containing music videos of the singles released in the album.
 Childhood's End (subtitled Lost & Found from the Age of Aquarius) is the ninth studio album by the Norwegian experimental band Ulver. Released on 28 May 2012 on Jester Records under license to Kscope Music the album is a collection of covers of 60s psychedelic chestnuts. The cover features a famous photograph by Nick Ut of Phan Thi Kim Phuc fleeing a napalm attack by the South Vietnamese Air Force in 1972.
 Soldiers of the Night is the first studio album by heavy metal band Vicious Rumors released in 1985 through Shrapnel Records (United States) and Roadrunner Records (Europe); a remastered edition was reissued in 2010. It is notably the only Vicious Rumors album to feature vocalist Gary St. Pierre as well as guitarist Vinnie Moore the latter of whom would release his own debut album Mind's Eye in 1986.
 In Defence Of Our Earth is an anarcho-punk album by the band Oi Polloi. It was released in 1990 on Words Of Warning Records.
 Loud Wild And Heavy is the sophomore release by the United States speed metal band Hawaii. Bassist/vocalist Gary St. Pierre who featured on the One Nation Underground debut LP was replaced by bassist Joey Galisa and vocalist Eddie Day. Day was a former member of Marty Friedman's old Maryland-based band Deuce. Escape the Night had previously been recorded by Friedman's pre-Hawaii outfit Vixen for their 1983 Made In Hawaii EP and was re-cut by Hawaii for One Nation Underground.
 The Secret Value of Daydreaming is the second studio album by singer–songwriter Julian Lennon.
 Human Racing is Nik Kershaw's first album released in February 1984 by MCA Records. The title track was a top 20 hit in the United Kingdom peaking at #19.The album's first single in the UK was I Won't Let the Sun Go Down on Me which peaked at #47 upon its first release. It has become major hit only in Scandinavia Netherlands and Switzerland.
 Sitnije Cile sitnije (English: Less Cile Less) is the third release by Bosnian singer Lepa Brena and her first of two extended plays the second being Jedan dan života (1985). Sitnije was released in 1983 and contained only two songs both of which became hits.This was her third of twelve albums with the band Slatki Greh.
 Timepiece is a 1994 album of 1930s and 1940s jazz standards by Country music superstar Kenny Rogers released on 143/Atlantic Records. It was produced by David Foster. The album did not chart.
 The Substitute is the soundtrack to the 1996 crime film The Substitute. It was released on April 9 of that year on Priority Records and consisted entirely of hip hop. The soundtrack peaked at #90 on the Billboard 200 and #18 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 The Execution of All Things is the second full length album released by Los Angeles-based indie pop band Rilo Kiley. Expanding on their previous musical sound that mostly incorporated guitars vocals percussion and pianos the album contains heavy electronica sampling mixed into the songs in a rather unusual and displaced-sounding way. Also unlike their previous tracks which were written in very traditional manners the lyrics to the songs on Execution are very wordy and read like prose.
 Cocktails & Dreams is an album of B-Sides and rarities by the Chicago punk rock band The Lawrence Arms released in 2005 by Asian Man Records. It collects the songs from their two Asian Man EPs songs from several compilations and a few new songs.
 Livin' Proof is the debut album from Gang Starr affiliates Group Home. The album featured the hit[citation needed] underground single Supa Star and the production work of DJ Premier. The album is known both for the supposed sub-par rhyming and superior instrumental work. It is widely considered to be Premier's most focused work to date[citation needed] but is often overshadowed by his work with more proficient emcees.
 The Unforgiven is the sixth studio album released in 1999 by the German hard rock band Michael Schenker Group.
 Ramblin' is a cover album by Lucinda Williams her first professional release. It was released in 1979 (see 1979 in music).
 Midnight Moon is Train's first live video album released February 11 2002. On May 26 2001 the band returned to the band's hometown to play a sold-out gig at San Francisco's historic Warfield Theatre. They played in total sixteen songs mostly from their second album Drops of Jupiter. Extras on the DVD include documentary footage interviews with each of the band's members a discography showcasing their first two albums and a photo gallery.
 Plays to Please is an EP by Canadian musician Owen Pallett under the name of his project Final Fantasy. It pays tribute to the songs of Toronto’s Alex Lukashevsky and Deep Dark United.
 Melana Chasmata is the second full-length album by Swiss extreme metal band Triptykon released through Prowling Death Records/Century Media Records on 14 April 2014 in Europe and on 15 April 2014 in North America. The album was officially announced in 22 October 2013 by the band's frontman Thomas Gabriel Fischer (a.k.a.
 Show Mi Sammi Cheng 2007 Concert Live (DVD) (Traditional Chinese: 景福 Show Mi 鄭秀文2007演唱會; Simplified Chinese: 景福 Show Mi 郑秀文2007演唱会) is a live concert recorded on May 24 and May 25 in the Hong Kong Coliseum in Hong Kong by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng during the Show Mi Tour.This 2 disc concert was released on November 2 2007. The first disc is the live concert.
 From a Boy to a Man is the seventh studio album from American rapper San Quinn.
 Saudades is an album by Brazilian jazz percussionist Naná Vasconcelos recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label.
 Young and Free is the third studio album by British all-female heavy metal band Rock Goddess. It was recorded in 1985 and was released in 1987 by the small French label JID only in France after expiration of the deal with A&M Records. In 1994 the Magnum Music Group tracked down the original tapes and re-released the album on Thunderbolt Records (with the additional title The Lost Album). All songs are credited to Jody Turner and Savage.
 United Nations of Sound is the debut album by British alternative rock band RPA & The United Nations of Sound (pseudonym of Richard Ashcroft arrived at his fourth solo album) released on 19 July 2010 through Parlophone (see 2010 in British music). The album was released in the United States on 22 March 2011 under the name Richard Ashcroft through the record company Razor & Tie.
 Rock the Night is the first live album by American blues rock guitarist Robert Walker. It was recorded on February 4 2000 and released on October 23 2001 by Rooster Blues.
 12 Songs is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Randy Newman released in April 1970 on Reprise Records. It features a swampy roots music style and introspective satirical songwriting. Have You Seen My Baby? was released as its sole single in May.As with all of Newman's early albums several of its songs had been previously recorded by other artists.
 Wave Motion is the title of the hip hop producer Fat Jon's second album. It was released on 22 October 2002 through Mush Records.
 Singles Rarities & Remixes is a compilation album by Spandau Ballet released on 13 November 2006 and contains 30 songs in original live or remixed version.
 The Last Dragon is street album by hip hop group The Regime released February 26 2013 on Smoke-a-Lot/City Hall Records.
 All Love's Legal is the third studio album by English musician Planningtorock. It was released on 14 February 2014 by Human Level.
 How Lucky I Am is the fourth studio album released by American country music artist Bryan White. It was released in 1999 (see 1999 in country music) on Asylum Records. The album included two singles: You're Still Beautiful to Me at number 39 and God Gave Me You at number 40.
 Street Warz is a compilation album by rappers Young Noble & JT the Bigga Figga released October 22 2002 on Outlaw Recordz and Get Low Recordz and was produced by the likes of Cozmo DJ Premier E.D.I. JT The Bigga Figga Mike Dean Quimmy Quim Reefologist Sean T and Track Addict.
 Identically Different released in 2001 was the only album from the Canadian boy band Identically Different with two successful singles: Lets Play and Busted. The band broke up a year later.
 Hang On Little Tomato is the second full-length album from the band Pink Martini. Seven years after their debut album it was released on October 19 2004 by Pink Martini's own record label Heinz Records. It has sold over 550000 copies reached #1 on Amazon.com and gone Gold in France Canada Greece and Turkey.
 Parasiempre is a live album issued by the Spanish rock band Héroes del Silencio after the Avalancha Tour in 1996 where the group performed all across Europe South America and North America. The title is taken from a song of the album Avalancha. The first part of the album was recorded on June 8 1996 in Zaragoza and the second part on June 7 1996 in Madrid.
 Electrical Storm is the debut solo album by Australian guitarist and songwriter Ed Kuepper featuring Nick Fisher and Louis Tillett recorded in 1985 and released on the Hot label. The album was Kuepper's first release following the breakup of Laughing Clowns the band he formed after leaving The Saints.
 Lingo is the third studio album recorded by Australian band Gang Gajang. It was released in 1994 on RooART and distributed by Warner Music Australia.
 This article describes the 17th album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 17 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music 17 or Now 17 was released in 1990 on vinyl audio cassette Compact Disc and VHS tape.
 Ben Folds Presents: University A Cappella! is an album produced by Ben Folds featuring collegiate a cappella music groups from the United States. Folds became interested in a cappella music after hearing his song Brick performed by an Ohio University group.
 Southern Tracks is a B-sides album released by Christian rock band Third Day in 1999. The album was released with limited copies of their third full-length album Time and is currently out of print. Long time Comin' and She Sings in Riddles were re-released on 2007's compilation Chronology Volume 1.
 Junkyard is a 1982 album by Australian post-punk group The Birthday Party.The album was recorded with Tony Cohen at Armstrong's Audio Visual (A.A.V.) Studios in Melbourne in December 1981 and January 1982. Additional tracks were recorded in London's Matrix Studios with punk producer Richard Mazda in May 1982. Mazda's previous work with ATV and The Fall had brought him to their attention.
 Coup D'Etat is an album by Muslimgauze. Although the album was only pressed to 12-inch vinyl it was later coupled with Abu Nidal and released on CD as Coup D'Etat/Abu Nidal.The track Una Voca appears to be the same track as Death Of Saint Jarnaii Singh Bindranwale on Blinded Horses.
 Saath is the debut Hindi/Urdu album from musician Zameer.
 Six Silver Strings is the thirtieth studio blues album by B.B. King released in 1985.
 The Worst Of Monte Cazazza is compilation of tracks by Monte Cazazza and associated acts.
 Classic Cash: Hall of Fame Series is the 74th album by the American country singer Johnny Cash released on Mercury Records in 1988 (see 1988 in music). It consists entirely of re-recordings of songs already associated with Cash from his Sun and Columbia days. The album has been criticized because of the use of several controversial production techniques including synthesizers in an attempt to update and modernize Cash's earlier songs.[citation needed]
 Soul Flower is the sixth studio album by American R&B group En Vogue released in 2004. Recorded on the independent label 33rd Street it went on to sell 35000 copies and failed to chart on the Billboard 200. The album reached #47 on the charts for Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #15 on Billboard's Independent Albums chart.
 Sam (Serbian Cyrillic: Сам; trans. Alone) is the second studio album from former Yugoslav and Serbian hard rock/heavy metal band Osvajači.
 Mànran is a 2011 album the debut LP by Scottish Celtic rock band Mànran. It includes their download single Latha Math.It won the award for Album of the Year at the 2011 Scots Trad Music Awards.
 Blazing Gentlemen is the twentieth studio album by American musician Robert Pollard. It was released in December 2013 under Guided by Voices Records.
 Worlds Apart is a 7 vinyl EP by The Go-Betweens released on 21 November 2005 on LO-MAX Records in the UK only. It contains a collaboration with Sushil K Dade alternately known as Future Pilot A.K.A. along with other songs recorded at the Oceans Apart sessions.
 Babysitters on Acid is the first album by the Lunachicks. It was released in 1990 by Blast First Records and re-released March 20 2001 by Go-Kart Records.
 Our Bodies Ourselves Our Cybernetic Arms is the third studio album by comedy rock musician Jonathan Coulton. This album was made as a soundtrack for a September issue of the Popular Science magazine. Much like Coulton's previous 2004 album Where Tradition Meets Tomorrow this record is also a 5 song EP.
 Same Difference is the fifth full length album by Swedish metal band Entombed. It was released in 1998.
 Tarkio is the third album by Brewer & Shipley. Released in 1970 the album (also known as Tarkio Road as that title was printed on the labels of original pressings of the LP and pre-recorded tapes) yielded the hit singles One Toke Over the Line and Tarkio Road.The title came about when they left California in 1969 returning to the Midwest this time to Kansas City Missouri where they played college towns in Iowa Nebraska Missouri and Kansas.
 Made in the Shade released in 1975 is the first official compilation album by The Rolling Stones during their Atlantic Records contract. It draws entirely from their first four albums on that label.
 Tora no Ana (虎の穴 Tora no Ana) is a 2002 cover album by GO!GO!7188. The name translates in English as Tiger's Lair. The album's cover art is similar to Revolver by The Beatles.
 Live in London March 2011 is a 2011 live album studio release from KT Tunstall featuring tracks from four of her albums and EPs and one cover. It is her first live album ever following the release of Tiger Suit
 4 gewinnt is the second album of the German hip-hop group Die Fantastischen Vier. The name refers to the German version of the game Connect Four. The album peaked at position 3 in Austria Germany and Switzerland.
 Unconditional Love is the debut album by Scottish girl group Lemonescent.
 Esau Mwamwaya and Radioclit are The Very Best is the debut mixtape for The Very Best. The album was released as a free download containing 15 tracks. Pitchfork Media included the album in its Best New Music section on December 4 2008 and also included the lead track Kamphopo on its list of the top 100 tracks of 2008 coming in at number 63. The album ranked number 40 on Pitchfork's list of best albums of 2008.
 ...Begins is the debut album of German band Dawn of Destiny.
 Songs of Time is an album which contains the original soundtrack from the Sega Mega-CD version of Ecco the Dolphin and Ecco: The Tides of Time. It was released on September 3 1996. The music is composed by Spencer Nilsen. The music is atmospheric and ambient heavy on high-quality synthesizer low-frequency percussion and various samples including dolphin squeaks and squeals.[citation needed] The title is derived from Ecco: The Tides of Time.
 Fuck Me I'm Famous is a series of electronic dance music compilation albums by the French DJ David Guetta. His wife Cathy Guetta collaborates in the production. The first album in the series was released in 2003. The albums have traditionally been released during the summer months of their respective years.
 It Just Comes Natural is the 24th studio album from country music singer George Strait. The album produced Strait's 41st Number One Billboard Hot Country Songs) hit in its lead-off single Give It Away. Also released from this album were the title track (also #1 on Hot Country Songs) Wrapped (#2) and How 'Bout Them Cowgirls (#3). The album itself has been certified platinum by the RIAA.
 Schmutzige Euros 2 (German for Dirty Euros 2) is the second collaborative album of King Orgasmus One & Godsilla.
 Full House is the seventh and first live jazz album by American jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery released in 1962 (see 1962 in music).
 Complicated Mind is the second full-length studio album by the Japanese band Doom.
 The Great Escape was the debut EP by British rock band Morning Runner first released on 21 June 2004 (see 2004 in music). Only 500 vinyl copies were made available.The EP featured the original versions of The Great Escape and Oceans which were re-recorded for the band's debut album Wilderness Is Paradise Now.
 Smoke Stack is the third studio album by jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in 1963 and released in 1966 on Blue Note Records. It was his second recording as leader on the record label. Ode to Von is dedicated to saxophonist Von Freeman whilst Verne is dedicated to Hill's first wife Laverne Gillette. The album is notable for its use of two basses playing simultaneously.
 Stored Images is a 1995 album by Belgian electro-industrial act Suicide Commando.
 Beyond the Pale is the sixth album released by American stand-up comedian Jim Gaffigan.
 Brave New World is the twelfth studio album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden released on 29 May 2000. It was their first studio release since the return of longtime lead singer Bruce Dickinson (who left in 1993) and guitarist Adrian Smith (who left in 1990) in 1999 as well as the band's first studio recording with their current three guitar line-up as Janick Gers remained with the band.The album art and title song are references to the novel of the same name written by Aldous Huxley.
 King of Ecstasy is the first compilation album and fourth album overall by rapper/DJ Egyptian Lover. The album was released in 1989 for Egyptian Empire Records and featured his greatest hits from his previous three albums.
 Streaming is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams George Lewis and Roscoe Mitchell released on the Pi Recordings label in 2006. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states that Decades have passed since the debut of these three musicians yet they have lost nothing of their musical curiosity and desire to take risks. The enthusiastic interaction between pianist Muhal Richard Abrams and saxophonist Roscoe Mitchell with Lewis is the real reward of this esoteric outing.
 Underwater Moonlight is a 1980 album by English band The Soft Boys. Initially unsuccessful it has gone on to be viewed as a psychedelic classic influential on the development of the neo-psychedelia music genre and on a number of 80s bands especially R.E.M..
 In Every Direction is the third EP released by the Swedish band Junip and the second single from the band's album Fields.
 Super Sabrina is the second studio album by Italian pop singer Sabrina. It was released in 1988 (and in some countries in 1989).
 Brand New is the debut solo album released by Liberty X formerly Kevin Simm. The album was officially released on October 3 2008 in Japan.
 Have You Heard: Jim Croce Live is a live album by American singer-songwriter Jim Croce released in 2006 over thirty years after his death. The album is a companion to a DVD released previously in 2003 of Jim Croce's performances. The recordings were taken from different television programs that Croce appeared on. Two of the tracks on the DVD Time in a Bottle and I'll Have to Say I Love You in a Song were cut from the CD release because they were not live performances.
 Son of Perdition is the third album by American death metal band Wretched. It was released on March 27 2012.
 Welcome to the Fishbowl is the fifteenth studio album by American country music artist Kenny Chesney. It was released on June 19 2012 via Blue Chair/Columbia Records. The album includes a live version of You and Tequila with Grace Potter.The first single from Welcome to the Fishbowl a duet with Tim McGraw titled Feel Like a Rock Star was released in April 2012. Its second single Come Over was released on May 14 2012. El Cerrito Place is the album's third single.
 Something's Coming: The BBC Recordings 1969–1970 is a compilation of live recordings by the progressive rock band Yes. They are the only live recordings to feature the band's original lineup. It is a compilation of the band's early performances on BBC radio.
 Side 3 is the third album from the Raspberries released in 1973 (see 1973 in music). The album cover is cleverly shaped like a basket of Raspberries with the group's name placed on top of the LP sleeve. Three singles were released from the album: Tonight which reached number 69 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 37 on the Cash Box chart I'm a Rocker which reached number 94 Billboard and number 75 Cash Box and a third single Ecstasy which did not chart.
 The Platinum and Gold Collection is a 2003 compilation of Cowboy Junkies songs recorded for RCA Records. It was compiled by the label without the band's authorization or approval[citation needed] and most Internet fansites advise that the album should consequently be boycotted by fans.
 Geogaddi is the second album by Boards of Canada released in February 2002. It presents a darker sound than its predecessor Music Has the Right to Children. The title of the album has no conclusive meaning.
 My River Flows is an album by the progressive rock group IZZ released in 2005. It is their third completely studio album and fourth overall. It is the first IZZ album to feature an epic track with subsections.
 Maharot the second over-all album from the Filipino rock band Kamikazee. It has 15 tracks and released and also 1st album under Universal Records in 2006.
 Empty is the first studio album released by Christian rock band Tait. This album features Pete Stewart from Grammatrain who is absent in the next album. Several songs are influenced by the passing of Michael Tait's late father Nathel for whom the band is named.The advance pre-release copy for this album contained slightly different mixes to the released CD and omitted the track Altars as well as both hidden tracks.
 Irv Gotti Presents: The Murderers is a compilation album released by Def Jam Recordings featuring the labelmates of Irv Gotti's imprint Murder Inc. Records (which included primary members such as Ja Rule Black Child Tah Murdah and Vita). The compilation boasts features from DMX Busta Rhymes (who would later be in conflict with Ja Rule and The Inc.) and Jay-Z. It peaked at #15 on the Billboard 200 and #2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Johnny O is the debut album from the freestyle music singer Johnny O released in 1989 by Micmac Records label.This album contains some of their most popular songs such as Highways of Love Memories and Fantasy Girl which is one of the most famous songs of freestyle and remains one of the tracks performed at their shows.[citation needed]The album failed to get into any music chart.
 His Greatest Recordings is an album by Freddy Fender. This album was compiled exclusively for military personnel it was released in 1978.
 Suspicious Package is the second full-length album by the blues-rock band Earl Greyhound. It was released in April 2010 by the band's own label Hawk Race Records. The album marks a departure from the band's previous album Soft Targets by mixing that album's blues rock sounds with additional genre influences while increasing the contributions of bassist/keyboardist/singer Kamara Thomas and drummer Ricc Sheridan.
 Infinito Particular is an album by Brazilian singer Marisa Monte released in 2006. Its featured songs include Infinito Particular Vilarejo and Pra Ser Sincero. The album was released simultaneously with another album from the same singer: Universo ao Meu Redor.
 Father's House is the debut album by Athens Georgia rock band Dreams So Real. It was released by Coyote Records in 1986 and was produced by R.E.M. guitarist Peter Buck.
 Ain't No Jive... Live! is a live EP by the band Bang Tango.
 When You're Alone You're Not Alone is Forgive Durden's second EP. It was released independently and was available for purchase at shows.
 Bikini Bandits Kill! Kill! Kill! is an album by Bong-Ra featuring Mike Redman The Dirty Dred and Lolita Storm released in 2003.
 Long Ago and Far Away is an album by American singer Tony Bennett. It was originally released in 1958 on Columbia as CL 1186.
 Undeniable is a 2008 album by The Chipmunks. Its release was connected to the version of the Alvin and the Chipmunks franchise from the 2007 film Alvin and the Chipmunks but contains no music from the film. It was released on November 4 2008 as the follow-up to the Alvin and the Chipmunks: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack.The album features remakes to some of their old hits as well as some new covers such as the theme song to the 1980s television series of the same name.
 Are You Ready is the second album by Australian girl duo Shakaya released in Australia on 5 March 2006 (see 2006 in music) by Columbia Records. It was produced by Billy Mann and Christopher Rojas and features urban R&B songs — written by Shakaya themselves and Audius Mtawarira Daniel O'Donoghue Ruth-Anne Cunningham and Jonathan Davis.
 Red Heaven is a 1992 album by the American alternative rock band Throwing Muses released on Sire/Warner Bros. Records. Recorded at The Power Station and Fort Apache Studios following the departure of Tanya Donelly and Fred Abong Red Heaven was recorded by Kristin Hersh and drummer David Narcizo with help from former bassist Leslie Langston. Former Hüsker Dü vocalist/guitarist Bob Mould took time off from his new band Sugar to record vocals for Dio.
 Walking Home from Nicole's is the Norwegian band Minor majority's debut album released in 2001.
 Ağlama Bebeğim is Ahmet Kaya's first album released in 1985 but censored in Turkey shortly following the release. It features a number of Kaya's own poems but also includes settings of poems by Ahmed Arif Sebahattin Ali Nazım Hikmet and Mehmet Akif Ersoy.
 Glass is the second indie album by Index Case released in 2002.
 Primitivo Soul! is an album by American saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1963 and issued on Prestige Records in 1964. It has never been released on CD. The album also features percussionist Osvaldo Martinez whom recorded on Hancock's Inventions and Dimensions a few months earlier.
 Maximum II is Japanese dance unit MAX's second album. It was released on December 25 1997 by record label avex trax. The album is a departure from their debut effort completely void of the Eurobeat sound that made the group popular instead filled with slick R&B influenced pop numbers and ballads. The album peaked at #2 on the Oricon charts but had their best opening sales number with over 700000 units sold. First pressings of the album included a slipcase and six month calendar.
 American Porn Songs is the sixth studio album by the industrial metal band 16Volt.
 Endless War is the first full-length album recorded by the Thrash metal/Progressive metal band Realm. It was released in 1988 and re-released in CD and digipack form by Metal Mind Productions on January 162007 in US and in late 2006 in Europe. The digipack is limited to 2000 numbered copies.
 The Redback on the Toilet Seat is a country music LP (catalogue number HLP 1210) by Slim Newton released in November 1972.
 New vogue children is the first album by Japanese band Schwarz Stein released in 2003.The first print of the album came with a limited poster and a special Message CD with a spoken message from the band.
 Bend in the Road is an album by British blues musician Jeremy Spencer who was a member of Fleetwood Mac from 1967–71. It is his fifth official solo album and was released on the Propelz Records label on 21 April 2012 to coincide with Record Store Day.
 Eparistera Daimones is the debut studio album by Swiss extreme metal band Triptykon the most recent musical project of Thomas Gabriel Fischer founding member of the pioneering heavy metal bands Hellhammer and Celtic Frost and industrial project Apollyon Sun.The album was released by Prowling Death Records Ltd. under a licensing agreement with Century Media Records on March 22 2010 and was released by Victor Entertainment Japan on April 21 2010 with a bonus track Shatter.Eparistera Daimones was produced by Tom Gabriel Warrior and Triptykon guitarist V. 
 Day & Age is the third studio album by American rock band The Killers released in November 2008 in the UK Canada and the United States. Frontman and lead vocalist Brandon Flowers stated that it is the band's most playful record. To date Day & Age has sold over 3 million copies worldwide. Following the release of the album the band embarked on the hugely successful worldwide Day & Age Tour.
 Ten Million Years – Songs from the Nineteen Nineties is an album by alternative rock artist Paul Durham. Self-released on August 2 2004 it features eleven songs recorded in the early 1990s with his band Durham and four alternate versions of songs that would later be released on his major-label band Black Lab's debut album Your Body Above Me.
 Skyscraping is an album by music group ABC.The album was released in 1997 as a homage to lead singer Martin Fry's several musical heroes including David Bowie Roxy Music and The Sex Pistols.The line-up of ABC then consisting of Martin Fry Glenn Gregory of Heaven 17 and Keith Lowndes the album was met with positive reviews from critics rather than broad commercial success.Three singles were released: Rolling Sevens Skyscraping and Stranger Things.
 Hecho En España (English: Made in Spain) is the third live album by the successful Mexican pop group RBD released on October 2. The CD was recorded in Madrid Spain on June 22 2007. The CD was made for RBD's concert in Madrid during their Tour Celestial in Spain. The show was in the famous Spanish stadium Vicente Calderon and in it there were almost 40.000 people enjoying the music of the band. The CD/DVD was released on October 2 2007. The CD was released with special edition packs.
 BE is the second studio album by the English rock band Beady Eye released on 10 June 2013 (2013-06-10). It was recorded between November 2012 and March 2013. The album was produced by Dave Sitek who has previously produced records for Yeah Yeah Yeahs TV on the Radio and Jane's Addiction. BE debuted at number 2 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Let the Ocean Take Me is the fourth album by Australian metalcore band The Amity Affliction. It is scheduled to be released on June 6 2014 in Australia and June 10 2014 in the US through Roadrunner Records. It's the first record to feature new guitarist Dan Brown following Imran Siddiqi's departure shortly before their previous album release (August 2012).
 De l'amour le mieux is the third studio album by Natasha St-Pier released on 2002. It achieved great success in France Belgium (Wallonia) and Switzerland staying for a very long time in the charts (about two years in France).
 Relentless is the second album by American country music artist Jason Aldean. It was released on May 29 2007 via Broken Bow Records. The album debuted at number four on the U.S. Billboard 200 and at number one on the Top Country Albums chart selling about 98000 copies in its first week. On October 4 of the same year the album was certified gold by the RIAA. It was certified platinum in September 2012.Relentless has produced three chart singles for Aldean on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 In the Shadows is the third full-length album by Mercyful Fate. It is also the first offering of the band since their reunion in 1992. It was released in 1993 on Metal Blade Records. This album shows the band leaving behind most of the Satanic and Occult-based lyrical themes which were prevalent on previous albums in favor of a more story-based approach.Some editions of In the Shadows contain a bonus track Return of the Vampire...
 Live at the Velvet Lounge is an album by American jazz saxophonist Fred Anderson with German free jazz bassist Peter Kowald and long-time collaborator drummer Hamid Drake. The record documents a June 1998 performance at the Chicago club owned by Anderson the Velvet Lounge and was released on the Okka Disk label.
 Astral Weeks is the second solo album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison released in November 1968 on Warner Bros. Records. Widely acclaimed it has had an enduring impact on both listeners and other musicians.Recording took place at Century Sound Studios in New York City during three sessions in September and October 1968 although most participants and biographers agree that the eight songs were culled from the first and last early evening sessions.
 The Agenda is the first studio album by Cold Blank released on 6 August 2012 through Burn the Fire Records. Notable collaborators on the album include Andy Taylor (formerly of Duran Duran) and Blake Miller with press coverage ranging from MTV Music's MTV Hive DJ Times and Artistdirect. In addition following the album's release Cold Blank was nominated in the ‘Top 100 DJs In America’ poll by DJ Times magazine America’s first magazine dedicated to DJs and DJ culture.
 Jewelz is the second album by the rapper O.C.. Unlike his debut 1994's Word...Life Jewelz features a wider number of guest producers and rappers. Legendary producer DJ Premier (who also oversaw and mixed other parts of the album) lends his hand on four songs while Buckwild Da Beatminerz and O.Gee all drop 3 songs each. D.I.T.C.
 Goya: A Life in Song is a musical theatre work with music and lyrics by American composer Maury Yeston originally released in 1989 as a concept album.Tenor Plácido Domingo was interested in starring in a stage musical about Spanish painter Francisco de Goya and suggested to producer Alan Carr that Yeston would be the right person to create the vehicle since Domingo had admired Yeston's work on the musical Nine.
 Sweet Rosie Jones is an album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos released in 1968.
 I'm Not Making Music for Money is the thirteenth and final studio album by The First Edition. The album was released in 1974 and only issued in New Zealand.
 Carrying Your Love With Me is an album released in 1997 by American country music artist George Strait. It was released by MCA Nashville and it produced four singles for Strait on the Billboard country charts. One Night at a Time the title track and Round About Way respectively the first second and fourth singles all reached Number One while Today My World Slipped Away (a cover of a Vern Gosdin song) reached #3.
 Caledonia's Hardy Sons is an album by Silly Wizard originally released in 1978 and re-released in 1989 under Shanachie Records Corp label.
 Scores: Songs from Copacabana and Harmony is Barry Manilow's second album with Concord Records. It features selections from two musicals that feature original music by Manilow.The first half of the record features songs from Copacabana: The Musical. Dancin' Fool Sweet Heaven and Copacabana which had been previously recorded and released were re-recorded.
 In A Warzone is the third album by the Transplants. It was released on June 25 2013 under Epitaph Records. The band supported the album by touring with band member Tim Armstrong's other band Rancid.On June 17 2013 the album was premiered as a stream on RollingStone.com.
 No More Censorship is an album by Scream released in 1988 through RAS Records (RAS 4001). It is the first Scream album to feature Dave Grohl on drums who went to be a part of many successful bands most notably Nirvana and Them Crooked Vultures as a drummer and Foo Fighters as guitarist and vocalist.No More Censorship was notably the first album by the band to be released by Reggae label RAS Records at the time RAS was attempting to dive into a rock market.
 The Rich Man's Eight Track Tape is an album by post-hardcore noise rock band Big Black. It was released in 1987 by Touch and Go Records. The album is a CD compilation of Big Black's Atomizer album Heartbeat single and Headache EP. The track Strange Things from the original Atomizer LP was not included on this release.The title of the album and the liner notes by Steve Albini show the band's low regard for compact discs (the 8-track tape was state of the art in the 1970s).
 Jay R Sings OPM Love Classics is the fifth studio album and third cover album by Filipino singer Jay R released on February 5 2010 by Universal Records. The album was produced by Ito Rapadas who was also behind the production of Soul in Love.
 The Reign of Kindo EP is an extended play (EP) by the New York band The Reign of Kindo. It was released on August 21 2007 as the band's extended play.
 Chicago '94 is a live album by the rock band Phish. It contains two complete concerts on six CDs and was recorded at the UIC Pavilion in Chicago Illinois on June 18 and November 25 1994. It was released by JEMP Records on July 31 2012.
 Wojna Przeciwko Ziemi is the fifth album of Polish punk rock band Włochaty. The album was released both as MC and CD. CD edition had several tracks added.
 Hip Jazz is the third album by acid jazz group Tab Two.
 Watusi was the fourth studio album released by The Wedding Present. It was released in 1994 in the U.K on Island Records.
 Ticked is the third album released by Christian parody band ApologetiX. It was also their first album to be released on CD. Later two songs from the album would be released on the band's greatest hits album.
 Country Music is a 2010 album by country artist Willie Nelson. The album consists in a compilation of country music standards. Produced by Grammy winning T Bone Burnett it was released on April 20 2010 by Rounder Records and according to Nelson is the first traditional album he has ever recorded. It was his first release in the 2010s.
 Weird Food And Devastation is the sixth studio album by the American pop/rock band The Connells released in 1996.
 Bury the Hatchet is the fourth studio album by Irish rock band The Cranberries released in 1999. In the US the album has sold 377000 copies as of April 2007 and received its Gold® RIAA certification on 2 June 1999.The album is the first album released by the band after their first hiatus which started 1996. Dolores had taken that time to heal from stress-induced diseases and also had her first child Taylor during this period.
 The Hits is an out-of-print second compilation album and first wide-released greatest hits album from American country music artist Garth Brooks. Brooks first greatest hits album The Garth Brooks Collection was released three months earlier exclusively at McDonald's restaurants for a limited time to raise money for the Ronald McDonald Children's Charities. The Hits was released on December 13 1994 and was quickly deleted at Brooks' request.
 The Hunger for More is the debut album by G-Unit rapper Lloyd Banks released June 29 2004 on G-Unit Records and Interscope Records. Banks had been featured on 50 Cent's multi-platinum 2003 album Get Rich or Die Tryin' and on G-Unit's Beg for Mercy in November of the same year.
 Historical Figures and Ancient Heads is the sixth album by Canned Heat released in 1971. It was the first album not to feature original member and songwriter Alan Wilson who had died the previous year. Featuring new guitarman Joel Scott Hill and Little Richard on “Rockin’ WIth The King”. The record also includes Tony de la Barreda on bass who left with Hill after this album and subsequent tour.
 Pipes of Peace is the fifth solo studio album by Paul McCartney released in 1983. As the follow-up to the popular Tug of War Pipes of Peace was nearly as successful and the source of more big hits for McCartney although critics were much cooler on the album than they were on its predecessor.
 LP is the debut album by the band Ambulance LTD. The album was released on March 23 2004 in the US and March 14 2005 in the UK via TVT Records.
 Oceanic is a 1996 album by Greek electronic composer and artist Vangelis. It was released in Europe on October 25 1996 and in the U.S. on January 1997. A single featuring track Song of the Seas was released simultaneously.Vangelis was personally involved in the sleeve design as he used to be in the late seventies and early eighties. At the end of the inside liner notes for the CD there are references to the films Million Dollar Mermaid and Footlight Parade.
 Eve of the War is an EP from the Australian progressive metal band Alchemist. The EP was released by Shock Records through its subsidiary label Thrust in November 1998. The title track Eve of the War is a cover of the opening piece from the 1978 production Jeff Wayne's Musical Version of The War of the Worlds.
 Airwave Invasion is a compilation album by the turntablist Rob Swift featuring his X-Ecutioners bandmates Roc Raida and Mista Sinista. It was released on June 8 2001 by Triple Threat Records and was produced by the X-Ecutioners. The album combined The X-Ecutioners scratches and productions with classic R&B and jazz songs.
 Killin' Time is the 1989 (see 1989 in music) debut album by swing-country singer-songwriter Clint Black. The album buoyed by the chart-topping success of its first four singles was a huge hit upon its release and established Black as one of the biggest new stars in country music. The album is currently certified triple platinum by the RIAA.A Better Man Nothing's News Walking Away Nobody's Home and Killin' Time were all huge hit songs.
 Sound of Confusion is the first studio album by space rock group Spacemen 3 released in July 1986 on Glass Records. Three of the seven songs are cover versions; Rollercoaster originally by the 13th Floor Elevators Mary Anne by Juicy Lucy and Little Doll by The Stooges.It was re-released in 1994 by Taang! including the three tracks on the Walkin' With Jesus EP and a demo of the song 2.35. It was re-released again in 1996 on Fire Records who also re-released it as a vinyl LP in 2009.
 Musicmagic is the seventh and final studio album of fusion band Return to Forever.This album contains the final line-up of the band with only founders Chick Corea and Stanley Clarke returning from the previous album. This is the first album since Light as a Feather to contain vocals featuring Corea's wife Gayle Moran.
 Best Of British was Perry Como's 24th RCA Victor 12 long-play album and the 22nd recorded in full living stereophonic sound. This album was released in the UK and Canada only. The comparable US Como album Where You're Concerned was released in the US in 1978; the two albums share seven tracks.
 Overnight Success is a 1975 in-studio album containing the works of Neil Sedaka. It was released in the UK and throughout Europe and Australia on the Polydor label. Later that same year in the US most of this album was issued under the title The Hungry Years with two songs from the British album replaced on the American album.
 The Frog Prince is the title of the soundtrack album to the British motion picture of the same name directed by Brian Gilbert and released in 1984.In 1985 Island Visual Arts released a soundtrack album on LP (ISTA 10) and cassette (ISCA 10). Spectrum Music released on August 28 1995 a CD (551099-2) featuring 16 tracks (distributed by PolyGram International). Though most titles were composed by Enya only two of them (The Frog Prince and Dreams) were performed by her.
 Road Trips Volume 2 Number 4 is a two-CD live album by the American rock band the Grateful Dead. The eighth in their Road Trips series of albums it was recorded on May 26 and 27 1993 at the Cal Expo Amphitheatre in Sacramento California. A third bonus disc included with some copies of the album was recorded at the same two concerts. The album was released on August 25 2009.
 Pebbles Volume 3 is a compilation album among the CDs in the Pebbles series and is a different album from the Pebbles Volume 3 CD that was released by AIP Records in 1992.
 The Jeb Loy Nichols Special is a record by Jeb Loy Nichols released in 2012 on the Decca Records label. It was recorded in an analogue studio in Dollis Hill London with producer Benedic Lamdin and Nostalgia 77 a band of jazz musicians.
 Looks Fragile After All is an EP by August Burns Red. It was re-released in 2007 with an additional DVD and new artwork. It is the only non demo album to feature original vocalist Jon Hershey.The song You Should Be Taking Flight Now includes a monologue by Charlie Sheen from the film Platoon.
 Shirley Bunnie Foy (60th Anniversary) is an album of American singer Shirley Bunnie Foy issued by MAP Golden Jazz label June 2013.
 The Rough Guide to Blues Revival is a blues compilation album originally released in 2009. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the album contains two discs: an overview of the contemporary scene on Disc One primarily featuring American artists and a bonus Disc Two highlighting Malian Samba Touré (a reference to the commonalities between the American Blues and West African music). The compilation was produced by Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network.
 French Windows is the third solo album by Irish musician Sonny Condell. It was released in 1999 by Hummingbird Records.
 Fluxology is the debut album by dobro player Jerry Douglas released in 1979 (see 1979 in music). The album's title comes from Douglas' nickname of Flux. Fluxology is out of print although most of the tracks can be found on the compilation Everything Is Gonna Work Out Fine.
 Miyaviuta -Dokusou- (雅-みやびうた-歌～独奏～) is an album released by Miyavi on September 13 2006. It was produced by Hideki Tsutsumi and reached number 25 on the weekly Oricon Style chart.
 In the Mouth of Madness is the fourth album released by Luni Coleone. It was released on February 20 2001 for Sicc-a-Cell Records and was produced by Killa Tay Luni Coleone JT the Bigga Figga Willie Hollis and Trump Tight. In the Mouth of Madness peaked at #85 on the Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart making it his most successful album to date. Guests on the album include Bay Area legends Killa Tay Daz Dillinger X-Raided Guce B-Legit and Marvaless.
 Bardot is the debut album by Australian female pop group Bardot released in May 2000 (see 2000 in music). The album went to number one in Australia and New Zealand and spawned the singles Poison I Should've Never Let You Go and These Days .
 Ordo Militia Templi is the first studio album by the Italian Black ambient/Gothic rock band Militia Christi.
 Folklore is the second album by the Argentine singer Jorge Cafrune released in Argentina in 1962.
 Twelve Inch Club is the second of four Japan-exclusive EPs by A-ha. Like the other three EPs it is quite rare due to being only released in Japan. Some (if not all) of the first pressing have the title spelt incorrectly on the disc as Twelve Ihch Club.
 4 is the first studio EP by the Canadian hardcore punk super group Cunter released on June 16 2009. There was and will only be one printing of this album which was limited to 502 black vinyl albums. The album continues to be available as a digital download. All the tracks were also included on Cunter’s full-length album 10.
 Halcyon Days is BWO's second studio album and was released on 19 April 2006. It was the first BWO album to reach the number 1 spot in the Swedish album charts and was certified as a gold-selling album by the Swedish Recording Industry Association.
 The Wind Is Strong... is the 1990 album from Cindytalk released by Midnight Music. From the sleeve notes: 'A Cindytalk diversion: Originally recorded as a soundtrack for the film Eclipse.' Eclipse has never been officially released.
 The Half-Light Symphony is the first EP by New Zealand progressive rock band Battle Circus . A concept record depicting mankind's transitionary stages of existence following a cataclysmic nuclear disaster the EP is divided into four distinct movements that provide a narrative for each part of the story. The research and hypotheses of US-based academic Dr. Philip K. Mossman heavily influenced the band and were central to the themes of the album. A recording of Dr.
 The Reawakening is the fifth and final album by the band The Berzerker released in 2008. This was the first album by the band not to be sold in stores after the band left Earache Records.
 Son of a Son of a Sailor is the eighth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett. It was initially released in March 1978 as ABC Dunhill AA-1046 and later rereleased on its successor label MCA.
 Grandes éxitos is the first greatest hits album by Puerto Rican singer Chayanne which was released on March 19 2002 (see 2002 in music). In this album Chayanne featured three new songs Y Tú Te Vas Torero and Quisiera Ser (as well as remixes of the songs Salomé and Baila Baila and a re-recorded version of Fiesta En América). The album peaked to the #1 in Billboard's Hot Latin Albums becoming in his first album to reach #1 in that peak and the #199 of the Billboard 200.
 Of Myths and Legends is the third full-length album by the German Black metal band Black Messiah. It was released on November 17 2006 through AFM Records.
 Do poslednjeg daha (English: Until the Last Breath) is the tenth studio album by Serbian singer Dragana Mirković. It was released in 1993.
 Free as a Bird is the ninth studio album by progressive rock band Supertramp released in 1987 (see 1987 in music). Originally the vinyl album featured four colour variants – blue (pictured) green yellow and pink. The bird in the picture was a cut-out.The album was a turn of direction of sorts with most of the songs stepping back from their progressive rock sound employing synthesised dance beats and rhythms.
 WOW Hits 2006 is a two-disc compilation album of songs that have been touted to represent the best of Christian music of 2006. It was released on October 4 2005. It includes thirty songs plus three bonus cuts. The album features songs by Jeremy Camp Casting Crowns MercyMe Third Day and many more well known groups and singers. The album peaked at No. 42 on the Billboard 200 chart. It was certified as platinum in sales in 2006 by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 The Tenement Year is Pere Ubu's first album after reuniting (following their 1982 break-up) and sixth overall. 'Classic lineup' members Tony Maimone and Allen Ravenstine along with fellow Cleveland scenester Jim Jones and Henry Cow percussionist Chris Cutler found themselves playing with David Thomas for his 1987 album Blame the Messenger and discovering they sounded much like Pere Ubu began incorporating a few Ubu numbers while touring for that album.
 Jim is a 2008 album from Jamie Lidell. The album is less electronica-oriented than his previous album Multiply. In early 2009 Jim was named Best Pop/Rock Album at the 8th Annual Independent Music Awards. For the week of May 17 2008 the album reached #183 on the U.S. Billboard Top 200 Albums as well as #7 for Heatseekers Album and #23 for Independent Album.
 Working Man: A Tribute to Rush is a tribute album to Progressive Rock band Rush recorded by various artists and released on Magna Carta Records in 1996 (see 1996 in music). The album was mixed by original Rush producer Terry Brown at Town Music Studios in Toronto Canada. Mike Portnoy was the main creative consultant.
 Club Nation is a mix album/compilation album mixed by Richard Evans and compiled by Ashley Abraham that was released on 6 April 1998.[citation needed] The compilation is a club mix album that consists of contemporary club tracks. The album is known for the Evian advertising contained within the CD booklet.
 30 is an album by American artist Harry Connick Jr.. The album was recorded in 1998 when Connick was 30 years old but it was not released until 4 years later on the same date as his album Songs I Heard. The album includes both vocal and instrumental tracks.
 Extended Versions: Triumph is a compilation album by the Canadian hard rock band Triumph released in 2006.
 Too Pure – The Peel Sessions is a compilation CD and 10 vinyl LP released by Strange Fruit by arrangement with the indie label Too Pure in 1992 and featuring their three most up-and-coming bands at the time. It contains some of the earliest commercially released work by PJ Harvey.The sessions on the album were recorded for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show between March and October 1991.The 10 vinyl was a limited numbered edition of 3499 copies.
 Supply and Demand: Songs by Brecht / Weill & Eisler is the first solo album by German singer Dagmar Krause released by Hannibal Records in 1986. It is a collection of 16 songs by German composers Kurt Weill and Hanns Eisler with lyrics by Bertolt Brecht and sung by Krause in English.
 Pichal Pairee is the second album by the Pakistani rock band Overload released on 14 August 2009 after three years since their debut album. The first single of the album Pichal Pairee was released on 23 September 2009. Mela Kariyay was released on October 9 2009.On 26 December in an online poll by Dawn News the band's video for their single Pichal Pairee was voted as the third best music video of 2010.
 Kidz Bop 12 is the 12th edition of Kidz Bop. The album was released on July 31 2007.The album debuted at #7 on the Billboard 200 with sales of about 71000 copies. It sold about 137000 copies in its first three weeks of release.
 Pearls III (Close to the Edge) is an album by Elkie Brooks.Issued on CD vinyl and cassette in 1991 through Freestyle Records the album failed to enter the UK charts after a difficult distribution deal stalled.
 Für die Nacht gemacht is the second full-length album of Mondsucht.
 Overnight is the third album released by American pop band Parachute. This album followed the band’s first album Losing Sleep and the second album The Way It Was. The third album was released on August 13 2013 by Mercury Records. In this album the band was pushed further into the pop music industry by creating a new more upbeat sound that was not heard as much in their previous albums. Parachute immediately began touring upon the release of this album.
 Willy DeVille Live is a live recording of Willy DeVille and the Mink DeVille Band. It was recorded on June 16-17 1993 at the Bottom Line in Greenwich Village New York and in October 1993 at the Olympia Theatre in Paris. It was released in Europe on December 1 1993 in Europe by the French label Fnac Music (the album was not released in the United States).Willy DeVille Live was dedicated to Steve Douglas who played saxophone on the first three Mink DeVille albums and produced Le Chat Bleu.
 Devoid is the first official album released by Italian melodic death metal band Dark Lunacy.
 ...Ich töte mich jedesmal aufs Neue doch ich bin unsterblich und ich erstehe wieder auf; in einer Vision des Untergangs... (German:...I kill myself every time anew but I am immortal and I rise again; in a vision of Doom..; usually referred to as ...Ich töte mich...) is the debut album by darkwave band Sopor Aeternus & the Ensemble of Shadows and was released in 1994.
 Cause and Effect is the first studio album by hard rock five piece Digital Summer. It was released on March 8 2007 and features the single Whatever it Takes.
 Wake Up Jeff! is The Wiggles' sixth album released in 1996. This album won the 1996 Aria Award for Best Children's Album.
 The Kylie Tapes 94–98 is the VHS release by Australian singer-songwriter Kylie Minogue. It was released by Mushroom Records in 1998 in Australia only. It contains her music videos from 1994 to 1998.
 Complete Control Sessions is an online only live six-track EP by Flogging Molly. It was released by SideOneDummy Records on March 13 2007. It was initially only available through the iTunes Store but then was available for purchase as MP3s through Amazon.com starting January 8 2008.Two of the songs Requiem for a Dying Song and Float were previously unreleased and later appeared on Float (2008).
 The Land of Heroes is a Jorma Kaukonen studio album recorded and released in 1995. It was his first new solo album since the mid-1980s. The album incorporated the work of several other musicians including Michael Falzarano who had joined Hot Tuna and produced remastered versions of Kaukonen's older Relix Records vinyl releases. Falzarano also produced the new album and co-wrote some tracks.
 Callin' All Dogs is a 1995 album by Louisville Kentucky rock band Bodeco. This the rockabilly band's second album made a considerable impact on the Louisville music scene finding a place at #80 on WFPK's top 1000 best albums ever. Trouser Press asserted that the album reinforced Bodeco's simple genius by turning up the slop right from the get-go.
 Do It for Love is the sixteenth studio album by pop duo Hall & Oates released in 2003. The title track peaked at #1 on Adult Contemporary charts making it the 8th #1 hit of their career and Forever For You Man on a Mission and Getaway Car all charted as well. It was their first album of all-new material in six years.Getaway Car was also recorded by country acts Susan Ashton 4 Runner and The Jenkins as well as R&B group Dakota Moon.
 Revolution on Ice was the third and final studio album by Gumball. The album released in 1994 was the only one to featuring new member Malcolm Riviera of Velvet Monkeys fame on keyboards. It also includes a cover of Blue Öyster Cult's She's as Beautiful as a Foot and features original BÖC Drummer Albert Bouchard.
 A Tramp Shining is the debut album of Richard Harris released in 1968 by Dunhill Records. The album was written arranged and produced by singer-songwriter Jimmy Webb. Although Harris sang several numbers on the soundtrack album to the film musical Camelot the previous year A Tramp Shining was Harris' first solo album. MacArthur Park was one of the biggest singles of that year reaching #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the United States.
 Generations is a jazz album by Bucky Pizzarelli and his son John Pizzarelli released April 10 2007. The album features performances by the father and son a musical pairing of two guitarists who have worked with one another in studio and live events often before.
 Love Will Kill All is the second EP released by Calico System. Geoff Cardin left before this EP was recorded leaving the band as a four piece.
 Tom McRae is the self-titled debut album from British singer-songwriter Tom McRae. The album was released in 2000 and was nominated for the 2001 Mercury Music Prize.
 Lena 20 år is a compilation album released on 24 January 2007 from the Swedish pop singer Lena Philipsson. It peaked at #2 at the Swedish album chart.
 Always Home is the first album by German experimental metal band Counter-World Experience.
 Fuckin' A is the eighth and final full-length album by the grindcore band Anal Cunt. It was released digitally on August 10 2010 and then physically on January 11 2011. The album is intended to be a parody of cock rock bands such as Mötley Crüe and Buckcherry and its cover uses the same image as Mötley Crüe's debut album Too Fast for Love.
 Step Outside is a 1986 album by British folk-rock band The Oyster Band. The album was the first release of Cooking Vinyl records. The album was chosen as one of the 50 best of the year in Q Magazine.
 Confetti is an album from 1984 by Sérgio Mendes.Most of the songs of the album were written by established US pop composers and lyricists such as Alan and Marilyn Bergman Barry Mann Cynthia Weil Don Freeman and Tom Snow. Among the notable singers on the album are Joe Pizzulo and Gracinha Leporace.The song Olympia from the album was written for the 1984 Summer Olympics.
 Hi Scores is an EP by Boards of Canada. It was released on CD and vinyl in 1996 and subsequently re-released in 1998 2002 and 2005.
 Keep On Pushing is an album by American soul music group The Impressions released in 1964. It was the biggest album of their career reaching the top ten on the Billboard Pop Album chart. It produced five Pop and R&B top 40 hit singles two of which (Amen and the title track) hit the Billboard pop top ten and a third of which Talking About My Baby came close peaking at #12.
 Sex Affairs is the debut album from German Eurodance project E-Rotic. It was released 1995 and was a typical eurodance album of the 1990s. It provided three international hit singles : Max Don't Have Sex With Your Ex Fred Come to Bed and Sex on the Phone and included two remixes of the two first hits. The album itself achieved success in Finland where it topped the chart for three weeks and remained in the top 30 for 15 weeks.
 East Coasting is an album by Charles Mingus recorded and released in 1957. It was reissued on CD with bonus takes in 1993.
 No Shouts No Calls is the fourth album by English rock group Electrelane. It was released on CD and LP in 2007 by Too Pure.No Shouts No Calls is also their first album to be entirely digitally recorded and mixed. The group began writing material in Berlin's Planet Roc studios in the summer of 2006 at the height of the World Cup.
 Life Becoming a Landslide is an EP by the alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers. The title track is taken from their second album Gold Against the Soul. It remains an important insight into the mindset of the band's lyricist/guitarist Richey Edwards and a poignant exploration of the metamorphosis of child and adult roles. Certain lines in the song such as My idea of love comes from a childhood glimpse of pornography exemplify this.
 Wake Up...It's Tomorrow is the second album by Strawberry Alarm Clock. It is the last album to feature the classic Incense and Peppermints lineup.The album features two charted hits: Tomorrow (#23 the group's second and last Top 40 record) and Sit with the Guru (#65).
 National Lampoon Radio Dinner is a comedy album from National Lampoon that was first released in 1972.
 Old Skoöl of Rock is a compilation album from 2007 from Universal Music with hard rock and heavy metal songs. It is a double CD and there also is a DVD with some new songs and artists.In 2009 the volume II called Another Shot of Old Skoöl of Rock was released.
 L'Étonnant Serge Gainsbourg is the third album by French musician Serge Gainsbourg released in 1961. Like its predecessors it features Gainsbourg backed by the Alain Goraguer Orchestra.
 Solas An Domhain (Irish for light of the world and released with that title in the United States) is the second collection album of contemporary hymns praise songs and psalm and Mass settings recorded by the Belfast-based liturgical music group Solas. It was first released in 1995 and is now distributed by GIA Publications.Solas An Domhain is also available as a music book containing lyrics guitar chords and keyboard accompaniments.
 Still Life (Talking) is an album by Pat Metheny Group released in 1987 on Geffen Records. It was the group's first album to be released by the label.
 The Cave Comes Alive! is the first album by The Lime Spiders released on vinyl in 1987 through Virgin Records.
 Between the Glory and the Flame is an album by Randy Stonehill released in 1981 on Myrrh Records.
 Turnstiles is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Billy Joel released on May 19 1976. In part Joel recorded the album as a celebration of his return to New York City after a sojourn in California. Three of the album's tracks reference New York: Summer Highland Falls New York State of Mind and Miami 2017 (Seen the Lights Go Out on Broadway).
 Melvin Flynt – Da Hustler is the second solo studio album by rapper Noreaga. It was released on August 24 1999.
 Sky released their sixth album 'Cadmium' in December 1983.
 Smokin' is the fourth studio album by Bobby Miller released in 2001. It signifies a turning point in production style introducing a more organic and glossy sound.Miller produced and recorded the album in Chicago. It was engineered by Jerry Soto and Ron Gresham and the final mix was mastered by Brian Jensen.
 Contrast is a five-song EP and the first release from the Tennessee-based band The Features following their departure from Universal Records. The band released the EP on their own on October 25 2006 via their website and then later via traditional music outlets. This is also the first release to feature new keyboardist Mark Bond (formerly of Murfreesboro band De Novo Dahl) following the departure of Parrish Yaw.
 Soundcheck is the thirty-third album by Finnish experimental rock band Circle. It was issued as a limited edition vinyl LP by Full Contact in 2009. It was recorded on 31 October 2009 in Lahti Finland.
 Anomalies Vol. 1 is a compilation album by the American rock band Cave In. The album was officially released on December 14 2010 through Hydra Head Records however copies could be obtained one month earlier on Black Friday. Despite its title Anomalies Vol. 1 is actually the second release in Cave In's Anomalies series which a grouping of releases that compile previously unreleased or rare tracks. Released earlier in 2010 Anomalies Vol.
 Sun Shot is Assembly of Dust's third full-length studio album. It was released in 2013 on Stone Choir Music.
 The Right to Rock is the second studio album by American glam metal band Keel. It was the first to be produced by Kiss's Gene Simmons under their new label Gold Mountain Records (which was distributed by A&M Records at the time). When the band started recording the album drummer Bobby Marks left. He was replaced by different drummers: Fred Coury (who went on to join Cinderella) Barry Brandt (of Angel) and Steve Riley (who subsequently left to join the band W.A.S.P.).
 Eligible Bachelors is the third studio album by English band The Monochrome Set. It was released in 1982 through record label Cherry Red.
 Taktika noja is the eighth album of the Croatian rock band Aerodrom released through Menart Records in december 2012. The album debuted at #23 on the official Croatian Top 40 chart and peaked at #13 in the second week. Two new members performed on the record guitarist Ivan Havidić (also performed on live album Hitovi i legende) and drummer Damir Medić.
 Hollywood Rehearsal is a collection of demos by L.A. Guns that was released in Japan. None of the demos had already been released.
 This article describes the 27th album in the U.K. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 27 and Now That's What I Call Music! discography Now That's What I Call Music! 27 or Now 27 was released in 1994 on vinyl audio cassette and CD.
 Draw the Line is the fifth album by American hard rock band Aerosmith released December 1 1977. It was recorded in an abandoned convent near New York City rented out for that purpose.The portrait of the band was drawn by the celebrity caricaturist Al Hirschfeld.Kerrang! magazine listed the album at #37 among the 100 Greatest Heavy Metal Albums of All Time.
 Creatures of Influence is an independent album by the synthpop band Information Society.
 Nina Simone with Strings is an album by Nina Simone. The album was released without her knowing after she had left Colpix Records and had already made albums for Philips Records.
 Until My Heart Caves In is the eighth studio album by Audio Adrenaline and the final album with Mark Stuart as the lead vocalist. The album was released on Tuesday August 30 2005 on ForeFront Records and went on to win the Grammy Award for Rock Gospel Album of the Year.
 Multishow ao Vivo: Ivete Sangalo no Madison Square Garden is the eleventh album by the Brazilian recording artist Ivete Sangalo released on December 7 2010. The album was recorded during a single concert performed on September 4 2010 at Madison Square Garden in New York and will be the fourth digital video disc from the singer the first international.
 Walk Under Ladders is an album by Joan Armatrading produced by Steve Lillywhite. It spawned the hit The Weakness in Me and it was a top ten UK album (#6) although it did not do as well in the US (#88). Ir was certified gold by the BPI.
 The Maddox Brothers and Rose – Vol. 1; America’s Most Colorful Hillbilly Band Their Original Recordings 1946-1951 is a re-issue of recordings by Maddox Brothers and Rose during the years 1946 through 1951.
 Song is the third and final album of Lullaby for the Working Class. It was released October 19 1999 on Bar/None Records.
 Solo-Duo is a compilation album released after Kenny Drew's death in 1996 consisting of dates recorded in the years of 1966 1977 and 1983. The album features solo work as well as duo work performed on separate dates with double-bassists Bo Stief and Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen.
 The debut album was released through Candlelight Records in May 2009. It was mixed and mastered by Brett-Caldas Lima at Tower Studios. The iconic artwork was by Colin Marks of Rainsong Design.The video for False History received heavy rotation in the UK on rock music channel Scuzz.
 Mauvais œil (French for Evil eye) is the debut album by French hip hop duo Lunatic released in October 2000 over the independent label 45 Scientific.
 010 is the tenth studio album by Japanese band The Mad Capsule Markets. It was released in Japan in 2001 and in the United Kingdom in 2003. The album was much more experimental than the band's previous two albums. It includes a cover of the song Wardance by Killing Joke.
 Lyve from Steel Town was a live album by the post-crash lineup of Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. This live album has two discs the last two tracks on the second disc are exclusive interviews with Lynyrd Skynyrd. The concert was also released as a live VHS and DVD. The tracks were recorded in Pittsburgh July 15 1997. The album was certified Gold on 6/26/2001by the RIAA.
 Rendered in Vain is the second demo recording by Swedish melodic death metal band Zonaria. This album was recorded at Black Lounge studios Avesta Sweden with Jonas Kjellgren of Scar Symmetry and would feature a guest appearance by Christian Älvestam. The song Rendered in Vain would also be used in the video game The Darkness. All three tracks would go on to be re-recorded for their full length debut.
 Halica is the debut album from Sweet Trip and was released by Darla Records. It was the eleventh entry in the label's Bliss Out series.
 The Promiseland is a 1986 album by country singer Willie Nelson. It reached #1 on the US Country Albums chart.
 Survivor is the eponymous debut album by American rock band Survivor released in 1979. It is their only album with drummer Gary Smith and bassist Dennis Johnson. The recording sessions overseen by A&R executive John Kalodner were not without difficulties. First Ron Nevison replaced Barry Mraz as producer and then the project had to be taken to Bruce Fairbairn in Vancouver to achieve a mix that was to Kalodner's satisfaction.
 Blowin' is the second album by the English-Irish folk rock band The Noel Redding Band released in 1976.
 Leichenschrei is the second album by the band SPK. It was released in 1982 on Thermidor Records in the United States and in 1983 on the band's own Side Effekts label in the United Kingdom.
 L’Strange is the second full-length album by Alternative rock band Lovehammers. The album was originally released on September 30 2000 with different artwork under the band's original name Swinging Lovehammers [1] then re-released on November 6 2001 with the current album artwork and under the name Lovehammers.
 I'm A Balla is an album by Lil' Flip.
 Real Estate is the debut album by the Ridgewood New Jersey band Real Estate released on 17 November 2009 (2009-11-17).
 Wanted Man is one of the many compilation albums of the famous country singer Johnny Cash and is released in 1994. This album contains some popular songs of Cash like Wanted Man and The Night Hank Williams Came to Town it also has the remake of the song Ballad of A Teenage Queen (from the 1988 album Water from the Wells of Home). When Cash signed with Mercury Records his popularity went down but the album managed to get some attention. It does not contain his 'big hits'.
 March of the Zapotec/Holland is a double EP by Beirut. March of the Zapotec contains music influenced by Zach Condon's then recent trip to Oaxaca Mexico. The Jimenez Band a 19-piece band from Teotitlán del Valle backs Condon on this EP. March of the Zapotec also features one of Condon's favorite works The Shrew. Holland contains electronic music credited to Realpeople one of Condon's pre-Beirut pseudonyms.
 Unbroken is the fifth studio album from Fiona. After being persuaded to rejoin the ranks of the music industry (following a two decade hiatus) by producer James Christian singer Robin Beck and guitarist Tommy Denander Fiona released the album on October 17 2011 via Life on the Moon Records.
 New Riders is an album by the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage. Their seventh studio album and their ninth album overall it was recorded and released in 1976.New Riders was the New Riders' first album on the MCA Records label and their second to be produced by Bob Johnston. It consists of nine cover songs plus one new original tune by John Dawson.
 Too Fast for Love is the debut record of American heavy metal band Mötley Crüe; 900 copies were released on November 10 1981 on the band's Leathür Records label. Elektra Records signed the band the following year at which point the album was remixed and partially re-recorded.
 Sweet Relief: A Benefit for Victoria Williams is a 1993 tribute album that features a variety of alternative rock bands covering songs written by Victoria Williams. The project was inspired by Williams being diagnosed with multiple sclerosis and led to the creation of the Sweet Relief Fund a charity that aids professional musicians (of any stature) in need of health care.A sequel album Sweet Relief II: Gravity of the Situation was released in 1996.
 Rugged Road is the fifth studio album from reggae band The Aggrolites released in 2011. It is the band's first for Young Cub Records.
 Released in 1993 on Big Life Records Magic Bullets was Mega City Four's fourth studio album. The album was recorded at Metropolis Studios near Hammersmith London.
 Dōitashimashite (どういたしまして You're Welcome) is a live album released by artist Omar Rodríguez-López which was recorded in USA over four nights in September 2010. It is the second live album to be released by the Omar Rodriguez Lopez Group with the first being the live BBC studio session Los Sueños de un Hígado.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the American rock band Journey released on November 15 1988 by Columbia Records. It is the band's best-selling album to date spending over 760 weeks on the Billboard pop album charts (more than any other compilation album in history) and selling over 25 million copies as of 2008.
 Too Much Guitar is the third album by the Reigning Sound. It was released in 2004 by In the Red Records. Originally bandleader Greg Cartwright toyed with the idea of calling the album PILL-POPPING MOM ONLY TAKING WHAT SHE NEEDS TO GET BY a headline which he had seen in a Commercial Appeal medical advice column but scraped the idea when the album began to change direction musically.
 Out Of A Dream is a 1997 (see 1997 in music) album by Ilse Huizinga.
 The Doughnut in Granny's Greenhouse is the second album by the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band. By this time the band had changed their name to The Bonzo Dog Band dropping out the Doo-Dah. The American version of this album was retitled Urban Spaceman and added their U.K. hit single I'm the Urban Spaceman. The phrase the doughnut in granny's greenhouse is obscure British slang for lavatory.In 2007 the U.K. version was re-issued by EMI on CD with 5 bonus tracks.
 Of Thick Tum is the first album by Trumans Water. BBC disc jockey John Peel heard this album and was so impressed by it that he played it in its entirety on his show. The band initially self-released a small pressing (300 copies) of this album on vinyl in 1992 with each copy in a handmade and unique jacket with inserts varying from locks of hair to photographs of their relatives.
 Basement Screams was a six song EP and the debut release by Chicago punk band Naked Raygun released on Ruthless Records in 1983. Quarterstick Records reissued the EP in 1999 and added the street version of I Lie and the 222 S. Morgan St. sessions as bonus material. The 1982 Morgan St.
 Last Road Trip was the farewell tour by The Watchmen in December 2003.In November 2003 the band decided to go their separate ways. However they decided that before they did so they would perform one last short tour across Canada as a Thank You to their fans.
 Mukhor Porag is a Bengali studio album of renowned Bollywood playback singer Shreya Ghoshal. Released January 1 2000 the album consists of 8 tracks.
 Live Phish Vol. 20 was recorded live at the Providence Civic Center in Providence Rhode Island on December 29 1994.This concert is best known for its experimental 35-minute version of David Bowie widely considered one of the greatest Phish jams of all time.
 Solid Pleasure is the debut album from Swiss electronic duo Yello. It was first released in 1980 and was reissued in 2005 in part of Yello Remaster Series with rare bonus tracks.
 Rose Colored Glasses is the debut album by country music artist John Conlee. It was released on ABC Records and was his only disc for the label; he would move to MCA Records the next year.The album was a commercial success peaking just outside the country top 10 (at number 11) and would be his highest charting album until 1983.It featured 3 singles; the Conlee-written title track reached number 5 in America.
 Close to Seven is the fifth studio album by a German singer Sandra released in 1992.
 The worst...album in the world...ever...EVER! is the first album from The Shirehorses a spoof English band. The title is a dig at the long-running series of compilation albums popular in the UK. The album was released on 3 November 1997 and reached number 22 in the UK Album chart.
 Against the Light (Chinese: 逆光) is Chinese Singaporean Mandopop artist Stefanie Sun's (Chinese: 孫燕姿) tenth Mandarin studio album.
 The Love Machine is an album released by singer/comedian/actress Sandra Bernhard. The album is a live recording of her one-woman show by the same name; it combines comedic monologues and musical performances. It was primarily sold at her live shows until it was made available on her official website.In the performance Bernhard does what she is best known for: she rips apart celebrity culture while commenting on events of the time.
 The R*tist 4*merly Known as Dangerous Toys is the fourth album by Dangerous Toys. The album's title is a parody of the name used in reference to American recording artist Prince from 1991 - 2000. The album cover art work is also a parody of Prince's album Lovesexy.
 Live in NYC is a live album and DVD by American alternative rock band Jane's Addiction released on July 8 2013 in the UK and July 9 in North America. The album was recorded at Terminal 5 on December 29 2012 during the band's Theatre of Escapists tour.The album is the band's first fully live release since its 1987 debut Jane's Addiction.
 All In Hand is the official debut album by Rosemary's Sons. It was released on Warner Music Europe on April 23 2002. It contains the hit single Shine featuring Dutch country/pop singer Ilse deLange Fall From Grace and the piano ballad Up All Night.
 My Name Is Barbra Two... is the second of two studio album tie-ins to Barbra Streisand's debut television special My Name Is Barbra which first aired on 28 April 1965.
 Illuminations released in 1969 was the sixth album by Buffy Sainte-Marie. Though most of the tracks did away with the backing she had used on her previous two albums Illuminations had a completely different sound from anything she had previously done. From a basis of vocals and acoustic guitar Sainte-Marie and producer Maynard Solomon used electronic synthesisers to create a sound that was much more experimental music than folk.
 Interviews is a compilation album of Bob Marley interviews with excerpts from songs. This was released by Tuff Gong in 1982 but did not receive an international Island release.
 Checks Thugs and Rock n Roll (usually reinterpreted Checks Thugs and Rock 'n' Roll) is the first solo album from Darryl D.M.C. McDaniels. He was inspired to put out this album when at age 35 he found out he was adopted.
 Electric City of Music Instructor is German group Music Instructor's second album released in 1998. The album's style is electro/hip hop unlike their first album The World of Music Instructor which was mostly techno/happy hardcore. Four tracks from this album have been released as singles - Super Sonic Rock Your Body Get Freaky and Electric City. Earlier edition of Electric City of Music Instructor is titled Electro City and some songs on it are different.
 Instinct is an album by American singer Iggy Pop released in June 1988. After the heavily pop-oriented radio-ready Blah Blah Blah A&M expected another hit record from Pop; however he instead recorded the heavy hard-rocking Instinct.[citation needed] Instinct featured Steve Jones on guitar.The album peaked at number 110 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Dreamin' My Dreams is the fourteenth album of original recordings by Patty Loveless. Released in September 2005 the album debuted on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart on October 1 2005 at #29 (its peak) staying on the charts for 8 weeks until November 26 2005.This was the last album Loveless recorded for Epic Records before the label closed its Nashville division in 2005.
 Fauna is the debut album by Danish recording artist Oh Land. It was released in Denmark on 10 November 2008 by Danish independent label Fake Diamond Records. The album received generally positive acclaim in her home country.
 Bitchin' is the seventh studio album by the American hard rock band The Donnas released in 2007 on their own label Purple Feather and released through RedEye. It is their first album since leaving Atlantic Records. The record was produced by Jay Ruston (Polyphonic Spree Metal Skool Meat Loaf) and The Donnas. Two of the tracks Wasted and Here For The Party cowritten with hit songwriter Holly Knight(Love Is A Battlefield Obsession The Warrior) were coproduced with her.
 Miami also known as Miami - Holy Bible is a 2013 album by French singer-songwriter Damien Saez being his 8th studio album. It is credited on the album cover as Saez. The album was recorded in Davout Studios and released on Wagram Records.
 Diamonds & Rust in the Bullring is a Joan Baez album recorded live in the bullring of Bilbao Spain. It featured twelve songs six of which were performed in English five in Spanish and one - Txoria Txori - in Basque. Most of the songs had been performed and recorded by Baez previously with the exception of Leonard Cohen's Famous Blue Raincoat.Gracias a la Vida is a duet with singer Mercedes Sosa.
 Live at Treorchy is a live album by Welsh comedian and singer Max Boyce first issued in 1974. It was his third album and his first for a major label EMI Records. The album contains a mixture of comedic songs and poems along with Boyce's interactions with the crowd at Treorchy Rugby Club. The album was an unexpected success going gold and was Boyce's break through recording helping make him a household name in Wales and beyond.
 Monster Hits or Hits 11 is the eleventh release of the Hits compilation Series. It was released on 20 November 1989 in the United Kingdom and it debuted at number two on the UK Compilation Chart (kept off by its rival Now 16).
 Thermos is an album by New Zealand band Bailter Space released on LP in 1990. Matador Records reissued it on CD in 1995.
 Awesomer is a 2005 album by Brooklyn-based indie rock band Blood on the Wall (see 2005 in music). Its music combines influences like My Bloody Valentine Pixies Sonic Youth and Pavement and it received much critical acclaim.[citation needed]
 Catch the Wind is a compilation album from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in Australia on 28 November 2000 (Castle 61191).
 Daddy's Home is the sixth album by rapper Sir Mix-a-Lot. The album was released in 2003 for Rhyme Cartel and was his first album since 1996's Return of the Bumpasaurus.
 Shut Up and Listen to Majosha is Majosha's first and only album. This album never made it to CD and was only ever available on vinyl and cassette. All songs were written by Ben Folds and Millard Powers except Emaline written by both Ben Folds and Evan Olson. Songs Emaline and Video later appeared on Ben Folds Five albums and Kalamazoo was released on the Folds solo EP Super D.
 An Afternoon in the Garden is a compact disc recording of a live show presented by Elvis Presley at Madison Square Garden on June 10 1972 released in 1997 RCA 67457-2.
 Bark Like a Dog is the seventh studio album by the American punk rock band Screeching Weasel. It was released in 1996 through Fat Wreck Chords. It was the band's first album released through Fat Wreck Chords. It was also the band's first album since they disbanded for the second time. The split lasted just over a year and during that time 3/4 of the band (all minus Jughead) played together in the Riverdales. It was the band's only album to ever place a ranking on the Billboard Charts.
 Love is Fair is a studio album by American country music singer Barbara Mandrell released in August 1980.Love is Fair was Mandrell's first studio album of the decade. The album was successful for Mandrell spawning four singles. The first single Crackers peaked at #3 on the Country charts in 1980 and also charted on the Bubbling Under/Hot 100 her last single to chart there. The second single The Best of Strangers was another Top 10 Country hit.
 Writers Without Homes is the sixth album by Piano Magic. Track 7 Crown of the Lost features vocals by Vashti Bunyan her first vocal work since 1970.
 This article is about the gospel album. For the gospel song by Thomas A. Dorsey see Take My Hand Precious Lord.Precious Lord is a gospel album by Al Green released in 1982.
 Hafted Maul is a 1995 album by Dead Voices on Air.
 Strange Hexes is the second album released by Imaad Wasif and the first with the backing band Two Part Beast. It was self-released in 2008. Several of the songs such as Oceanic were written while on tour with the Yeah Yeah Yeahs.
 The Verdant Mile is a 2004 extended play album by American folk singer Tracy Grammer.
 Conception: The Gift of Love is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson recorded in 1979 and released on the Columbia label.
 Oh! Calcutta! is the fifth full-length album by the Chicago punk rock band The Lawrence Arms released in 2006 by Fat Wreck Chords. It is the band's third album to be released on Fat Wreck Chords. In comparison with their previous album The Greatest Story Ever Told Oh! Calcutta! is considerably faster-paced and more aggressive resembling more closely their earlier albums.
 Cursed is the sixth studio album by Finnish grindcore band Rotten Sound. Music videos were made for Hollow and Self.
 Power is the second studio album by the German techno artist Boys Noize. The album was released on October 1 2009 in Japan on October 2 2009 in Europe on October 5 2009 in the UK and Belgium on October 7 2009 in the USA and Canada on October 7 2009 in France and on October 17 2009 in Australia.
 Live at Montreux 2006: They All Came Down to Montreux is the first live release by English hard-rock band Deep Purple's mk VIII lineup. This concert was recorded in Montreux during 2006 Rapture of the Deep tour. Besides a DVD release the concert film has also been released on HD DVD and Blu-ray.
 Some Order Long Understood is an album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz recorded in 1982 and released on the Italian Black Saint label.
 Trailer is a punk influenced mini album by the band Ash featuring their first three singles. An expanded edition also includes 4 b-sides. The album was released in October 1994 through Infectious Records.
 Winona Riders (Tsuki no Uragawa) (Winona Riders ～月の裏側～ Winona Riders (Other Side of the Moon)) is an album by Tsukiko Amano named after the famous American actress Winona Ryder. It is a collection of all the B-side tracks from the single 箱庭 (Hakoniwa) to 鮫 (Same). It was released on March 3 2004 labeled under Otokura Records and distributed by Pony Canyon.
 Slave to the Rhythm is the seventh studio album by Grace Jones released on 28 October 1985 by Island Records. The concept album produced by Trevor Horn went on to become one of Jones' greatest album triumphs commercially and spawned her biggest hit Slave to the Rhythm.
 Akeda is the forthcoming fifth studio album by American Jewish reggae singer Matisyahu. The album is scheduled to be released on June 3 2014 via Elm City Music. Akeda is the Hebrew word for binding and is typically used to refer to the biblical story of the Binding of Isaac.
 Glass Spider is a video album by David Bowie recorded during the 1987 Glass Spider Tour at Sydney Entertainment Centre. The tour was launched in support of his album Never Let Me Down.
 Cut Your Heart Off From Your Head is the second album from Dublin-based instrumental band The Redneck Manifesto. It was recorded mixed and produced by Alan O Boyle in February 2002. The album was mastered by Fergal Davis. Both men were involved in the production of the band's debut Thirtysixstrings.
 The Godzilla is a three track EP from Fu Manchu. It was released in 1997 on Man's Ruin Records as 10 clear green vinyl. It was released on CD along with Eatin' Dust by Man's Ruin. It was also released on 12 vinyl as (Godzilla's) Eatin' Dust.
 On Tour is a five song EP by Canadian singer Luba. It was released in 1990 a year later after her album All or Nothing featuring four tracks recorded life during the All Or Nothing tour and a fifth one an acoustic version of her single Let It Go.
 Blood Brains & Rock 'n' Roll is the first full length album of the band Zombie Girl. It was released in 2007.
 Pale is the second album by Toad the Wet Sprocket. Recorded independently in 1989 for roughly $6000 the band negotiated a deal with Columbia Records to release this without any alterations along with their 1988 release Bread & Circus. Pale was released in January 1990.
 Hope & Anchor Front Row Festival is a hit double-LP of live recordings taken from various bands – mainly Power pop Pub rock Punk and New wave groups - that played the Front Row Festival at the Hope and Anchor Islington between Tuesday 22 November and Thursday 15 December 1977.
 Realized Fantasies is the fifth studio album by the Norwegian hard rock band TNT.
 Waterfall: The Essential Dance Remix Collection is a various artists remix album by eurodance music group Cascada released by American record company Water Music Records in the US and Canada. All songs are remixed by DJ Manian of Cascada in the same Eurodance style Cascada was once famous for before they moved on to the more Pop like style (e.g. Evacuate The Dancefloor) they produce today.
 En Concierto... Inolvidable (In concert... Unforgettable) is the title of second live album by Spanish singer Rocío Dúrcal released on 22 October 2002 by BMG Music and Ariola Records. Produced by Argentinean songwriter Bebu Silvetti.It was recorded on 19 September 2002 during her concert made in the National Auditorium in Mexico City.
 The Best of Jim Diamond is a compilation album of tracks from Scottish singer-songwriter Jim Diamond's first two solo albums Double Crossed and Desire for Freedom along with B-sides.
 Limited Live & Rare is a rare promotional live EP from band Ammonia. The tracks are taken from various Triple J recordings.
 Soul Summit is an album by saxophonists Gene Ammons and Sonny Stitt with organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1962 and released on the Prestige label.
 zapata: El sueño del héroe is the Soundtrack for the Mexican film zapata: El sueño del héroe and was released in May 2004 to accompany the release of the film. The lead single was the song Lucharé por tu amor by Alejandro Fernández and reached the top 10 of the Billboard Latin Pop Airplay chart.
 Koufax is the debut EP by Doghouse Records recording artist Koufax.
 Dos is the second album of Latin rap artist Gerardo. It was released on September 15 1992 on Interscope Records. Unlike Mo' Ritmo Gerardo's Dos was critically panned.
 Martyn Bennett is the first studio album by Scottish celtic fusion artist Martyn Bennett. It was released 1995 on the Eclectic label.
 Punk Goes '90s 2 is the fifteenth compilation album in the Punk Goes... series and the second installment in the Punk Goes '90s series. It was released on April 1 2014 through Fearless Records.
 Four Compositions (Quartet) 1983 is an album by American saxophonist and composer Anthony Braxton recorded in 1983 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 Caution Radiation Area is the second album of the Jazz fusion band Area and was released in 1974. This is the first album that contains the better known line up with Ares Tavolazzi replacing Patrick Djivas on bass. This album is notable also for being the first one in which experimental music is introduced.
 We Don't Need to Whisper is the debut studio album by the American rock band Angels & Airwaves. Recorded at Neverpants Ranch in San Diego California and produced by guitarist/vocalist Tom DeLonge the album was released on May 23 2006 through Geffen Records.
 Ear-Resistible is a 2000 album by The Temptations for the Motown label. Featuring the singles I'm Here and Selfish Reasons the album won the 2001 Grammy Award for Best Traditional R&B Vocal Performance.
 Tommy (1985–1987) is a compilation by The Wedding Present gathering their first four singles their B-sides and selected tracks from two early radio sessions. It was released in July 1988 by their own record company Reception Records.
 We Kill Everything is an album by Gwar released in 1999.
 Global Underground 015: Darren Emerson Uruguay is a DJ mix album in the Global Underground series compiled and mixed by Darren Emerson. The mix is a retrospective look at a set at the La Morocha club in Punta del Este Uruguay.A popular techno and deep house DJ for many years in his own right Darren Emerson’s global profile had gone stellar with the huge success of Underworld particularly following their chart-bothering re-release of ‘Born Slippy’.
 John Oates Solo – The Album The Concert is a DualDisc release by John Oates. It features the DVD content of his 2004 release John Oates: Live At The Historic Wheeler Opera House on the DVD side of the DualDisc and it contains the 14 track version of his 2002 studio album Phunk Shui on the CD side of the DualDisc. It does not contain the bonus live CD content that came with the regular DVD release of John Oates: Live At The Historic Wheeler Opera House.
 Miyavizm (雅主義 Miyabishugi) is an album released by Miyavi on June 1 2005. Its limited edition comes with the song Shakespeare ni Sasagu (シェイクスピアに捧ぐ) instead of tracks eleven and twelve.
 LaZuz (לזוז) is Hadag Nachash's second studio album. It was released in 2003 and features one of their most popular hits LaZuz (To Move).
 Red is the fourth studio album by British pop/rock group T'Pau. It was released in 1998 and was the first album since The Promise from 1991.The group originally gained success in the late 1980s and split in the early 1990s. In 1997 original lead singer Carol Decker reformed the band with a completely new line-up and released a brand new version of their original hit Heart and Soul. The new line-up started playing gigs and recorded this album in 1998.
 Tribute is a live album by American pianist Keith Jarrett's Standards Trio featuring Gary Peacock and Jack DeJohnette recorded in concert in October 1989 at the Philharmonie in Cologne (Köln) West Germany and released on the ECM label.
 Platinum is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Miranda Lambert scheduled for release on June 3 2014 by RCA Records Nashville.
 Smashy Trashy is the debut album by American hip-hop duo S.A. Smash released on the Definitive Jux label on June 3 2003 (see 2003 in music).The album is largely produced by group member Camu Tao although three beats are provided by PRZM and one apiece by Walter Rocktight Ese & Hipsta long-term Definitive Jux collaborator Blockhead and label CEO El-P. Guest vocals come from labelmates Cage Vast Aire of Cannibal Ox and Aesop Rock.
 ERRATA ANEX is the third extended play (EP) by American electronic music band Neon Indian released digitally on April 9 2013 by Mom + Pop Music. The EP consists of remixes of tracks from the band's 2011 album Era Extraña. The EP's title is an anagram of Era Extrańa. The band's frontman Alan Palomo said of the EP:These remixes are a small collection found along the way of my year on the road while we were touring Era Extraña.
 Live at Vega is a two-disc live album released by Norwegian alternative rock group Kaizers Orchestra on March 6 2006. It features their recorded concert performance at Vega a concert hall in Copenhagen Denmark on October 6 2005. It was originally meant to be released alongside the DVD recording of the same concert Viva La Vega but the release of the DVD was delayed until later that year.
 Visions of the Lifted Veil is the sophomore release for Chicago based Fashion Bomb. The album was produced by Raymond Herrera(Fear Factory Arkaea)and Jeremy Blair(Guns N’Roses Fear Factory Cypress Hill Ice Cube) and recorded at Temple Studios in Los Angeles CA. Tom Baker (Marilyn Manson NIN Rob Zombie) of Precision Mastering mastered the album. The album art was designed by Stephen Jensen of F3 Studios.
 Horse of a Different Color is the debut album by the American country music duo Big & Rich. It was released in 2004 on Warner Bros. Records and it contains the hit singles Wild West Show Save a Horse (Ride a Cowboy) Holy Water and Big Time. Respectively these reached No. 21 No. 11 No. 15 and No. 20 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. The album was certified 3× Multi-Platinum by the RIAA for shipments of three million copies.
 The Silence Show is an album by the artist Snailhouse. It was released in 2005 on the Scratch Recordings label.
 Smile (occasionally typeset with partial capitalization as SMiLE) is a partially recorded concept album by the Beach Boys originally intended to be the follow-up album to Pet Sounds. After the Beach Boys' main songwriter Brian Wilson abandoned large portions of music recorded from early 1966 to mid 1967 the group recorded and released the dramatically minimized Smiley Smile album in its place. Several of the original tracks eventually found their way onto subsequent Beach Boys albums.
 Rice & Curry is the first studio album by Swedish bubblegum dance artist Jonny Jakobsen under his pseudonym Dr. Bombay released in 1998.The album was the subject of mild controversy upon its release prompted by a negative reaction to its faux-ethnic themes by the Indian government but no legal action was ever pursued.Two of its tracks have been featured in the Beatmania IIDX series of video games and one is featured in the 2000 edition of Samba de Amigo.
 End of Eden is the third studio album by Amberian Dawn and the first released on Spinefarm Records previous albums having been released on KHY Suomen Musiikki. The album was released on October 20 2010 but was preceded by its online single Arctica on August 23.
 'INNOVATION' was released on December 1st 2010 as the come back album of Japanese duo Pink Lady. Released as a 2 CD set featuring re-recorded versions of single releases b-sides and well known songs.
 Elevator is a 1979 rock album by the Bay City Rollers. Having replaced longtime lead singer Les McKeown with Duncan Faure the group shortened their name to simply The Rollers and pursued a more rocking power-pop sound than their previous work.The album released by Arista was poorly received. Neither the album itself or any single releases would hit the charts.The album was reissued on CD in 2008 with no bonus cuts however.
 He's Coming Back is the first Newsboys' release this album was a two cassette set that was handed out only at early concerts. Most of the songs that appeared on this release also appear in some of the band's later albums except He Died for You which does not appear on any other Newsboys albums.
 Gladiator is the soundtrack to the 1992 film Gladiator. It was released on February 25 1992 through Columbia Records and consisted of a blend of rock hip hop and pop music. The soundtrack failed to make it the Billboard charts but Warrant's remake of We Will Rock You made it to 83 on the Billboard Hot 100. The title track was performed by the rap group 3rd Bass in what was the group's final appearance together.
 Ghosts is the debut album of the Illbient band Techno Animal released on Pathological Records in 1991.
 Allaxa (Greek: Άλλαξα English: I Changed) is the 9th studio album by Greek singer Despina Vandi. The album released under the label Spicy Effect Music on April 27 2012. It managed to become two times platinum and has been her first double platinum album since 2005.
 $1.99 Romances is an album by God Street Wine. It was their first release on a major record label and their only release with Geffen. Disappointed about the promotion of this record GSW negotiated to be dropped from the label after this album came out. They then recorded their next album Red on their own before being signed to Mercury Records.
 Hybrid is a remix album consisting of songs by Gary Numan remixed by other artists plus three new tracks created specifically for the album. Hybrid was recorded in autumn of 2002 and released in March 2003 with a collaboration from various industrial rock/heavy rock musicians such as Rico Sulpher and Alan Moulder.
 Living Loud is the self-titled debut album by the hard rock project Living Loud formed by bass guitarist Bob Daisley and drumer Lee Kerslake in 2003. Both men had previously recorded with Ozzy Osbourne writing and recording on the Blizzard of Ozz and Diary of a Madman albums. Australian rock singer Jimmy Barnes and Deep Purple guitarist Steve Morse were also part of the project.
 The Mourning of a Star is an album by pianist Keith Jarrett featuring performances by Keith Jarrett Charlie Haden and Paul Motian.
 High Priority is the second album by R&B singer Cherrelle. It reached #9 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop albums chart and #36 on the Billboard Top 200. It generated Cherrelle's biggest pop hit with her duet with Alexander O'Neal Saturday Love which peaked at #26 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Blues in Trinity is an album by Jamaican-born English-based jazz trumpeter Dizzy Reece featuring performances recorded in 1958. It was his first effort for the Blue Note label.
 Awakening The World is the debut album of the power / progressive metal band Lost Horizon released in 2001 (see 2001 in music).
 eMusic Session EP is an album by American singer-songwriter Chan Marshall published in 2006 by Matador Records exclusively for the eMusic online music store. The recording is an edited portion of Marshall's appearance on KCRW's Morning Becomes Eclectic broadcast in June 2006. It includes two songs from Marshall's previous albums The Greatest and You Are Free as well as two previously unreleased cover songs.
 Protect the Innocent is Rachel Sweet's second album containing tracks by Lou Reed and Graham Parker. The backing musicians are uncredited but it has been rumoured that they were Fingerprintz.
 The Masked Marauders is a record album released on the Warner Bros. Reprise/Deity label in the fall of 1969 that was part of an elaborate hoax concocted by Rolling Stone magazine.In its October 18 1969 issue the magazine ran a tongue-in-cheek review of a non-existent album that purportedly captured a super session of the era's leading rock and roll musicians including Bob Dylan Mick Jagger John Lennon and Paul McCartney.
 Soft Cell's: Non-Stop Exotic Video Show British synth-pop duo Soft Cell. It is a companion release to their debut album Non-Stop Erotic Cabaret. The collection was originally issued on VHS in 1982 and Betamax and Laser Desk and re-issued on DVD in 2004.
 Real is the seventh studio album (and twelfth overall album release) by the Japanese singer Mika Nakashima; it was released first in Japan on January 30 2013 (for the Valentine's Day season) in Regular and Limited editions.Kioku was used as the Casio Sheen commercial song and Epilogue as the ending theme song for the TV program GRACE OF JAPAN ~Shizen no Naka no Kami~.This album debuted at number 1 in the Oricon weekly charts and marked the first time in 4 years for the singer to top said chart for either a single or album since Voice (released in November 2008); it was also her first chart topping work in Japan after she made a comeback from the 6-month hiatus resulting from her patulous auditory tube disorder.It has also been released in Taiwan and South Korea.Some presses of the album come with a bookmark denoting the artist and album name on one side and a picture of a flower with the words Be Real...Be Mine on the other side of the bookmark.
 Our World: Fallen is the third solo album from American Christian rapper Flame released on April 17 2007.
 Rarities is a compilation album by The Stranglers. It was released by EMI who had acquired the back catalogue of the Stranglers' former record labels United Artists and Liberty. Celia and the Mutations are The Stranglers backing Celia Gollin.
 Mr. Oscar Brown Jr. Goes to Washington is a 1965 live album by vocalist Oscar Brown Jr. recorded at The Cellar Door in Washington D.C.
 Momento is an album by Brazilian bossa nova singer Bebel Gilberto.
 Especially for You is the title of the eleventh studio album released by country music artist Don Williams. It was released in 1981 (see 1981 in country music). Three singles were released from the album which all reached the top ten. These were Miracles (#4) If I Needed You (with Emmylou Harris) (#3) and Lord I Hope This Day Is Good (#1). The album peaked at #5 in the U.S. and reached #109 on the Billboard 200.
 The Sea and Cake is a 1994 album by The Sea and Cake.
 The Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles video game series consists of Crystal Chronicles a spin-off of the main Final Fantasy series its sequels My Life as a King and My Life as a Darklord and their spin-offs  Ring of Fates Echoes of Time and The Crystal Bearers. Crystal Chronicles Ring of Fates and Echoes of Time have had released soundtrack albums to date and Crystal Chronicles and Ring of Fates each have an associated single.
 Nancy Sinatra is an album by Nancy Sinatra released in 2004 on Attack Records.
 The K&D Sessions is a 1998 compilation and mix album by Kruder & Dorfmeister released by Studio !K7. The album collects a select amount of remixed music and two original songs. The album received positive reviews on its release with some critics noting the album's length as a fault.
 The Amazing Nina Simone is an album by Jazz singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone. It was her first album for the label Colpix Records which would quickly be followed by 8 albums on the same label before signing with Philips Records in 1964. The album very much oozes the atmosphere of cool jazz in accordance with the image she had on her debut album Little Girl Blue (1958) for Bethlehem Records. It also has some gospel songs on it for example Children Go Where I Send You.
 Introducing Kenny Garrett is an album recorded in December 1984 by Kenny Garrett.At the time he recorded this set altoist Kenny Garrett was 24 had played with Mercer Ellington's big band and was freelancing in New York. (His association with Miles Davis would not begin for a few more years.) A measure of the strong reputation Garrett already had is that his sidemen include trumpeter Woody Shaw and pianist Mulgrew Miller; bassist Nat Reeves and drummer Tony Reedus complete the quintet.
 Static Airplane Jive is a 1993 EP by Guided by Voices.
 The Pretty Toney Album is the fourth studio album by American hip hop artist Ghostface a member of the Wu-Tang Clan.It is the only album from the artist to be released solely under the title of Ghostface (Killah is entirely omitted in any reference to his name on the packaging) but it is otherwise a normal Ghostface Killah release in line with the rest of his catalogue.
 Queen of Heaven Queen of Hell is a full-length album released by the British Goth rock band Inkubus Sukkubus on April 30 2013.
 16 Biggest Hits is a 1998 Merle Haggard compilation album. It is part of a series of similar 16 Biggest Hits albums released by Legacy Recordings.The album was certified Gold in 2002 by the RIAA. It has sold 955000 copies in the US as of May 2013.
 Zeitakubyō (ゼイタクビョウ) is the first full-length album by the Japanese band One Ok Rock released on November 21 2007. It reached fifteenth place on the Oricon weekly chart and charted for nine weeks.
 Brian Blade Fellowship is an album by Brian Blade Fellowship.
 FYULABA is an album by Vancouver British Columbia punk rock band SNFU. The album was released in 1996 through Epitaph Records. The name is an acronym for Fuck You Up Like a Bad Accident.
 We Are The Champ is the debut album by The Loungs released on 21 May 2007 on the Akoustik Anarkhy label. It was recorded and produced by The Loungs and Andy Bowes at Catalyst Studios St. Helens. It features re-recorded versions of both sides of the band's debut single (I'm Gonna Take Your Girl/Seen My Baby Dancing) and the lead tracks from their second (Armageddon Outta Here) and third (Googly Moogly).The album was released on 12 Vinyl CD Digipack and download.
 Rock is the third studio album by French nu metal band Pleymo. Released on October 27 2003 the album sees the band shifting towards a more melodic musical style which is less aggressive than their previous releases. Rock is a concept album about a four-year old blind boy and his imaginary twin.
 Alien vs. Predator is the official soundtrack album of the 2004 science fiction film Alien vs. Predator. Composed by Austrian Harald Kloser Kloser was chosen by the film's director Paul W. S. Anderson as he was an enthusiastic fan of the series. The score is completely orchestral and was released on August 31 2004 on Audio CD and Compact Cassette.
 Situation Normal is the second studio album by SNAFU. Pete Solley's fiddle lends this album a curious Country and Western tone in places unusual for what was essentially an R&B band.
 The Colorful Strings of Jimmy Woode is the sole album led by American jazz bassist Jimmy Woode featuring tracks recorded in 1957 and released on the Argo label.
 Freakshow is the second album from the hard rock band BulletBoys released in 1991 by Warner Bros. Records.
 Lights Go On Again is the fourth mini-album played by South Korean boy band Beast. It is said that Lights Go On Again was a part 2 of their past album Mastermind with a whole set of different colors. Lights Go On Again was released by Cube Entertainment on November 9 2010. The song Beautiful was chosen to be the title track of the EP.
 Basic Training is a greatest hits compilation album from Hip Hop collective Boot Camp Clik featuring singles released from Black Moon Smif-N-Wessun/Cocoa Brovaz Heltah Skeltah and O.G.C.
 Roots of the Outsiders is a retrospective album by the Starfires that has been released in CD format. This album lists the band name as Tom King and the Starfires an alternate name for the group and also highlighting the original bandleader for the Outsiders.
 Mobley's Message is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley released on the Prestige label in 1956. It was recorded on July 20 1956 and features performances by Mobley Donald Byrd Barry Harris Doug Watkins and Art Taylor with Jackie McLean guesting on one track.
 U-Catastrophe is the third album by Simon Collins. It was first digitally available in August 2008 on iTunes.
 Seed is Mami Kawada's debut album which was released on March 29 2006. This album is under Geneon and was produced by I've Sound. This album also includes her first two singles Radiance / Chi ni Kaeru: On the Earth and Hishoku no Sora and the collaboration single Face of Fact (Resolution Ver.) with KOTOKO. It peaked at the #12 spot in the Oricon charts and charted for 5 weeks.The album will come in a limited CD+DVD edition (GNCA-1080) and a regular CD only edition (GNCA-1081).
 Now Presents: Off the Hook is a compilation album from the Now That's What I Call Music! series released on May 21 2002. Unlike previous Now! compilations the album is composed exclusively of popular R&B and Hip-Hop songs. It was certified Gold by the RIAA on June 25 2002 Off the Hook features the number-one Billboard Hot 100 hit I'm Real. It also features three number-one rap hits: Raise Up Feels Good and Lights! Camera! Action!.
 Renato is an album by Italian singer Mina issued in 1962.Sabato notte was the theme song for the TV show Studio Uno while Stringimi forte i polsi was the theme song for the TV show Canzonissima. Eclisse twist was the main theme song for Michelangelo Antonioni's film L'eclisse. Mina also recorded a French version of this song under the title of Eclipse twist.Mina covered the song Renato in French and in the original Spanish version Renata.
 The Frank Zappa AAAFNRAA Birthday Bundle was released as a digital download on iTunes on December 15 2006. It consists of five previously unreleased tracks performed by Frank Zappa and six new tracks featuring the Zappa family. (AAAFNRAA stands for Anything Anytime Anywhere for No Reason At All Zappa's motto of sorts.)
 The Battle is an album by American country music artist George Jones. This album was released in 1976 (see 1976 in country music) on the Epic Records label. It peaked at number 36 on the Billboard Country Album chart.
 Diskretni Heroji (Serbian Дискретни Хероји eng: discreet heroes ) is the third studio album released in 2010 by the Serbian hip-hop collective Beogradski Sindikat. It contains the following 17 tracks.
 Something to Die For is the fourth studio album by the Swedish New Wave band The Sounds. Unlike their previous albums it is dominated by electronic music leaning towards House and Synthpop and was completely produced by The Sounds.
 Sad Robots is an EP released by the Canadian band Stars. It was released on September 1 2008 on digital download. It is also available as a physical CD through their website as well as during their fall 2008 tour. The album cover and merchandise for Stars' 2008–9 tour features the comic robot character Boilerplate.
 The Original Singles: 1965-1967 Volume 2 is a compilation album by American rock 'n' roll band The Byrds. Originally released in 1982 it offered for the first time all of the mono single versions of the Byrds' singles released between 1967 and early 1969. The tracks on the album are laid out chronologically by release date of the single and features the A-side first then the B-side.
 Mushroom Evolution Concert is a live album and video recorded by various Australian artists at celebratory performances held over two days of the Australia Day (January 26) weekend 1982. The Mushroom Evolution Concert was staged for Mushroom Records' tenth anniversary at the Myer Music Bowl and was organised by label boss Michael Gudinski. It included a wide range of Australian performers from the label's roster. An estimated audience of 100000 attended the concerts.
 Guitar Heaven: The Greatest Guitar Classics of All Time referred to as simply Guitar Heaven is the twentieth studio album by Santana released on September 21 2010.
 Elliot Goldenthal scored the soundtrack for the movie Demolition Man. It is an example of his off-beat style and use of unconventional techniques in film score incorporating big brass clashes and complex dramatic string arrangements.It won Goldenthal an ASCAP award in 1994 for best original score and was his first big budget action film score.
 Industry (also known as Jon McL) is the first official release by American piano rock singer-songwriter Jon McLaughlin as a signed artist with Island Records. The four-song EP by Jon McLaughlin released on February 20 2007 contains songs from his May 2007-released debut album Indiana. The first single from the EP was the promoting Industry. Though second single Beautiful Disaster appears on the EP too it is considered as the first single from Indiana.
 Popstars Remixed is a remixed album by Italian girl group Lollipop released on March 8 2002 via WEA Records / Warner Music Italy. It didn't reach even #75 on the Italian album chart but spawned the hit single Batte Forte (#9) which proved to be popular in radios and became also a success in Italian gay discos where it is still played regularly. The rest of the tracklist featured remixed tracks taken from the first group's album Popstars and the remixed version of the new single Batte forte.
 Distribe is an EP by the Japanese rock band CoЯe The Child. It was released on March 21 2005.
 Purpendicular is the fifteenth studio album by English rock band Deep Purple. Released in 1996 it is their first album with Steve Morse guitarist from Dixie Dregs.It was recorded at Greg Rike Productions Orlando Florida February to October 1995 and engineered by Darren Schneider and Keith Andrews. It has a more experimental feel than previous albums. The Aviator has an arrangement unlike anything else the band has previously attempted.
 This Is Our Music is the third and final album by Galaxie 500 released in 1990 on the record label Rough Trade. It was recorded at Noise in New York City. The album title was lifted from the 1960 album of the same name by jazz legend Ornette Coleman. The Brian Jonestown Massacre in turn referenced the title with their 2003 release And This Is Our Music.
 The Triumph is the first full length album by Christian Metalcore band xDEATHSTARx. It was released in 2004 on Life Sentence Records and re-released in 2008 on Facedown Records.
 One Nil released in 2001 is the second solo album by New Zealand singer-songwriter Neil Finn. When released in the United States the following year the album had a slightly different track listing and was issued under the name One All.
 Cool Paradise is a smooth jazz album by keyboardist and jazz vocalist Ben Sidran released in 1990. It is Sidran's eighteenth album and his first release with the Go Jazz label he started in 1989.
 Inseparable is the debut album from singer Natalie Cole released in May 1975 on the Capitol label. The album became her first gold-certified album and spawned the number-one R&B hits This Will Be (An Everlasting Love) and Inseparable and helped the young singer win two Grammy Awards including Best New Artist.
 Oceans and Deserts is Gang Gajang's fourth studio album. It was released on the independent Shock label in October 2002.
 A Night In Rivendell is the second album by the Danish group The Tolkien Ensemble. It features songs composed to the lyrics found in J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings and forms the second part of what was to become a complete musical interpretation of all lyrics in the book.
 Eternal Spirit is the twenty-sixth album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in 1989 and released on the Blue Note label. The album features six of Hill's original compositions performed by his quintet with three alternate takes added to the CD release as bonus tracks.
 Suicide Notes and Butterfly Kisses is the debut album by American metalcore band Atreyu released on June 4 2002 under Victory Records. The album featured re-worked versions of the songs Living Each Day Like You're Already Dead Someone's Standing on My Chest and Tulips are Better which originally appeared on the band's 2001 EP Fractures in the Facade of Your Porcelain Beauty.
 This article describes a 2001 album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with other similarly titled Now! Christmas albums. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Christmas! is a two-disc holiday music compilation that was released on October 23 2001 by Universal Music Group.
 Intermission EP is a between albums disc by Canadian hip hop duo Dragon Fli Empire released in 2008 on Makebelieve Records. As the first offering of new music from the group since 2005 the EP was designed to renew interest in the group before the release of their third full-length album Redefine. It proved to very popular on Canadian campus radio reaching number three on the Earshot and Chart Attack hip hop charts.
 Pirun nyrkki (English: Piru's Fist) released on 29 March 2006 by Spinefarm Records is the second full length album from the Finnish industrial metal band Turmion Kätilöt. A pirunnyrkki is also a wooden puzzle called a burr puzzle or a piston puzzle in English.
 Album is the debut album by the indie rock band Girls. It was released September 22 2009 on True Panther Sounds.
 Loneliness Knows My Name is the full-length debut LP by singer-songwriter Patrick Park released in 2003. Some of the songs have achieved popular status through their use on the television programme The O.C..
 Kylesa is the eponymous debut album by Kylesa. It was released in June 2002 by Prank Records and is currently out of print though it is available for download on iTunes and Amazon.
 Up from Below is the first full length album from Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros. It was preceded by Here Comes EP.
 The Trucks is the debut album from the American electronic rock group The Trucks. It was released by Clickpop Records on August 10th 2006. The Trucks played Sasquatch! Music Festival in 2006.
 Tied & True is the fourth album by The Detroit Cobras released 24 April 2007 (see 2007 in music).
 The Tribute is a compilation album released by Ash Nazg and Perverted Taste Productions features covers of songs by the black metal band Burzum.
 Astronaut is the 11th studio album by English pop rock band Duran Duran first released on 11 October 2004 (see 2004 in music).This was Duran Duran's first studio album since Pop Trash (2000) and the first (and to date last) full album since Seven and the Ragged Tiger (1983) to be recorded by the original five members of the band (the stand-alone 1985 single A View to a Kill was their last studio recording together.)
 Nuts is an album by Kevin Gilbert which was released posthumously in 2009. It is a collection of unreleased material from Gilbert's career which was released simultaneously with Bolts.
 In High Cotton is the third studio album by the 2nd South Carolina String Band released in 2002. It features songs from the American Civil War era played on period instruments using the original words and music.
 One of Many is the second album by London based music producer Eric Lau.The album was released to universal praise with Okayplayer claiming that Eric may be one of many but his lone light shines brightly on his sophomore effort.
 Live Twenty-Five is a 2006 live album by 10000 Maniacs recorded to commemorate the band's 25th anniversary and was only sold on tour. It is their first release with Oskar Saville as lead singer.
 Deep Forest is an album by Do As Infinity which was released in 2001.
 Bric à brac is the fourth album recorded by French singer Priscilla Betti. It was released on 27 June 2005 on the Jive Records label.Two singles were released : Bric à brac et Je danse donc je suis. The album was less successful than Priscilla's previous ones in terms of sales and chart trajectories : it peaked at #20 on the French SNEP Albums Chart on 20 July 2005 but dropped quickly totalling four weeks in the top 50 and 23 weeks on the chart (top 200).
 Swamp Seed is the fifth album by saxophonist Jimmy Heath featuring performances recorded in 1963 originally released on the Riverside label.
 Spawn of Dysfunction is the debut album by Die So Fluid. It was recorded at Criterion Studios London in November 2003. It was released through the band's own label Cartesian Records Ltd in the United Kingdom in 2004. It was distributed by Cargo Records. The album was not released internationally until 2008 though. It was distributed by Renaissance Recordings in the USA & Universal Music Germany distributed it to several European countries.
 Fear Zero is Fear Zero's first studio release. It was released in 2004 under the label Satch Records.
 313 is the fourth album released by composer Phideaux Xavier.Xavier and his band of musicians had done three well rehearsed well conceived albums and decided to make an album in a day.[citation needed]On March 13 2004 (which was actually before they'd finished the Chupacabras album) all of Phideaux Xavier's musicians converged in L.A. for an unrehearsed recording session.
 Infini is the fifteenth album and the twelfth studio album by the Canadian heavy metal band Voivod which was released on June 23 2009. It is their last album to include contributions by their late original guitarist Piggy who died nearly four years earlier and their last to feature Jason Newsted on bass.
 Vision is an album by Indian violinist L. Shankar featuring Jan Garbarek and Palle Mikkelborg. It was released on the ECM label in 1983.
 The Modern Life is War E.P. is the first release by Iowa hardcore band Modern Life is War. Released in 2002 the album was pressed exclusively as a 7 vinyl E.P. and distributed by Lifeline Records. Destination: Death Or Better Days and The Farmer's Holiday Association were later re-released on the remastered edition of My Love. My Way.
 This release was a split 10 between Mütiilation and Deathspell Omega. It was Mütiilation's third release on End All Life Productions.
 Reckless Kelly Was Here is a live CD/DVD by Reckless Kelly. It is the band's second live album and the first to include a DVD.
 The Voice (stylised as The VOICE) is Kokia's sixth studio album released in February 2008.
 Prone Mortal Form is the first album by the Boston-based band Only Living Witness. It was released on May 21 1993 on Compact Disc and audio cassette. A European digipak was also released which add a cover of Hüsker Dü and three bonus tracks (from the Complex Man 7 single).
 Steel is the soundtrack of the 1997 film of the same name. It was released just days before the film and featured the hit single Men of Steel a posse cut featuring Shaquille O'Neal Ice Cube B-Real Peter Gunz and KRS-One. The soundtrack reached #185 on the Billboard 200 and #26 on the top R&B/Hip-Hop charts. Other guests include Mobb Deep Blackstreet Tevin Campbell and Spice 1.
 Every Breath You Take: The Singles is the debut compilation album by The Police released in 1986. In 1990 the album was repackaged in New Zealand Australia and Spain as Their Greatest Hits with a different cover.
 U.F.Orb is the second studio album by ambient house/techno group The Orb. It was released in July 1992 and reached #1 on the UK Album Chart. It featured an edited version of The Orb's single Blue Room. Noted graphic design group The Designers Republic designed the cover art.
 Mayday is the fifth studio album by new jack swing group Troop released by Warrior Records on June 16 1998.
 What You Don't See is the second studio album by American band The Story So Far. It was released on March 26 2013 through Pure Noise. The album was released digitally as well as on CD and vinyl. The album debuted at number 46 on The Billboard 200. The album was placed at number 9 on Rock Sound's The 50 Best Albums Of 2013 list.The vinyl to date has had 5 separate pressings on multiple colors.
 We Were Here is the sixth studio album by Turin Brakes and second released on Cooking Vinyl. It was recorded at Rockfield Studios and engineered and mixed by Ali Staton and produced by Turin Brakes and Ali Staton. It will be released on September 30 2013.
 Subject to Change was the first and only EP by Washington D.C. hardcore band The Faith. It was released in December 1983 through Dischord Records. Like other influential D.C. records it was released after the band had broken up.For the band's only other release after their split LP with Void Edward Janney added some second guitar.
 Half Dead and Dynamite is the second LP released by the Minnesota indie rock band Lifter Puller. As with its self-titled predecessor songs are balanced between personal and strictly narrative. Some of the songs (To Live and Die in LBI and I Like the Lights for instance) delve into the Lifter Puller Folklore that the band's lyrics intermittently explore.
 Johnny Burnette and the Rock 'n Roll Trio is the 1956 debut album of the influential rockabilly band The Rock and Roll Trio fronted by Johnny Burnette. Recorded over two separate sessions in 1956 the album includes a number of the band's singles. 2008's Icons of Rock calls the album an all-time rockabilly classic. Released by Coral Records in December 1956 (#10041) it was released again in 1957 (#57080) and in 1978 by Solid Smoke (#8001).
 The Dreaming Sea is the debut solo album by Karen Matheson lead singer of the Scottish band Capercaillie. The album was released in 1996 by Survival Records and reissued in North America by Valley Entertainment in 2000.
 Enemy is the second album by Kristeen Young.
 Sinatra: Best of the Best is a 2011 double compilation album by American singer Frank Sinatra.The album was promoted as having his classic hits from Capitol Records and Reprise Records together on one record for the first time ever. This 2 disc set is packaged in a lift top box and contains 5 collectible postcards of classic Sinatra images. The first disc contains the biggest hits from Frank Sinatra's career.
 Limited Collector's Edition is a compilation of single and album tracks recorded by Glen Campbell between 1962 and 1970.
 Black Tangerine (黑色柳丁) is the third studio album by Taiwanese singer-songwriter David Tao released August 9 2002.The album was awarded one of the Top 10 Selling Mandarin Albums of the Year at the 2002 IFPI Hong Kong Album Sales Awards presented by the Hong Kong branch of IFPI.
 Little by Little... is the third and final full-length album by Harvey Danger. It was the band's first and only record without drummer Evan Sult.
 Fuck the Facts is the first full length release by the Canadian grindcore group of the same name. It was released in early 2000 on Topon's own label Dedfuk Records. it was only ever released on cassette and many of the tracks are not available on any other medium.
 Wheels is the second studio album by American country music group Restless Heart. It was released by RCA Nashville in October 1986. That Rock Won't Roll I'll Still Be Loving You New York (Hold Her Tight) Why Does It Have to Be (Wrong or Right) and the title track were released as singles. The album reached #1 on the Top Country Albums chart and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
 The Rubyz is the debut album by the American Christian tween pop girl group The Rubyz. The album was released on April 1 2008 and tracks from the album including Outrageous were featured on Radio Disney. Additionally the album peaked at No. 26 on the Christian Albums chart published by Billboard.
 Fukd ID #3 is the debut EP by New York post-punk band Interpol. It was released on December 11 2000 by Chemikal Underground on the Fukd ID imprint. It is a known rarity and highly collectible amongst fans of the band: only 1000 copies of the disc were originally pressed and it is now out of print. These songs also comprise some of the very first Interpol recordings all of which were made on an 8 track recorder.
 Sehnsucht (German pronunciation: [ˈzeːnzʊxt]) is a German noun translated as longing yearning or craving or in a wider sense a type of intensely missing. However Sehnsucht is difficult to translate adequately and describes a deep emotional state. Its meaning is somewhat similar to the Portuguese word saudade. Sehnsucht is a compound word originating from an ardent longing or yearning (das Sehnen) and disease (das Siechen).
 Labyrinth is the fourth self-titled studio album by the Italian power metal band Labyrinth released March 4 2005 on Arise Records.
 The Slow Wonder is the debut solo album by A.C. Newman who is better known as the frontman of The New Pornographers and Zumpano. It was released in 2004 on Matador Records/Last Gang Records.
 The Lone Ranger is the first solo album by British singer Suggs best known as a vocalist of second wave ska band Madness. It was released in 1995 (see 1995 in music). The album peaked at #14 in the UK charts.
 War is the fourth studio album by the Dutch hardcore band Born from Pain. The album was released on November 17 (Germany Austria Switzerland) and November 20 (rest of Europe) through Metal Blade Records.
 The Broken Hearted Bride is a studio album by English band Strawbs.
 Topple the Giants is the second EP by Adema released on April 2 2013 by Pavement Entertainment. It marks the band's first release in 6 years after the release of Kill the Headlights and is the first to feature guitarist Tim Fluckey on lead vocals. The EP includes new music along with older songs re-recorded with the new line-up.
 Baby is the third release and first full-length release from Bosque Brown.
 High on Jackson Hill is the fourth studio album by Immaculate Machine released April 28 2009 on Mint Records.
 Different Like You is the fourth full length album by Australian garage rock band Rocket Science. It was produced by guitarist Paul Maybury and recorded at the band's home studio. Following their departure from the Modular Recordings label was released on new Australian label - High Spot Recordings - on 26 July 2008.An Australian tour in May 2008 revolved around the release of the first single Psychic Man.
 Celebrate This Heartbeat is an album by Randy Stonehill released in 1984 on Myrrh Records.
 To Whom It May Concern is a 1959 album by Nat King Cole arranged by Nelson Riddle.
 Facets is a self-published album by American singer-songwriter Jim Croce released in 1966. (See 1966 in music). Croce had five hundred copies of the album pressed financed with a $500 cash wedding gift that he and his wife to be Ingrid Croce received from his parents. Croce's parents were certain that when Jim would fail completely at selling the record and realizing that couldn't support his family as a singer he would abandon music and finish his college education.
 Rubber Hair is a studio album by Kramer and Daved Hild released in 1997 through Shimmy Disc.
 In Florescence is an album by Cecil Taylor recorded in New York City on June 8 1989 featuring performance by Taylor Gregg Bendian and William Parker and released on the A&M label.The Allmusic review by Ron Wynn states 1990 set that welcomes him back to major label.
 The Paramour Sessions is the fifth album by Californian rock band Papa Roach. It was released on September 12 2006. While pre-recording the band rented the Paramour Mansion which the album name reflects. Two singles were released from the album ...To Be Loved and Forever. The deluxe edition of the album was released on July 5 2007. This album was the last the band recorded with drummer Dave Buckner.
 The People Tree is an album by British acid jazz group Mother Earth that was released on the Acid Jazz Records label in 1993.
 Plektrum is the 19th studio album by Swedish singer/songwriter Tomas Ledin released in June 2006. In November of the same year the album was re-issued as a 2-CD-set with a bonus track on disc 1 as well as a full bonus disc called Ledin Live 2006 featuring 14 tracks recorded during Ledin's summer tour 2006.
 Amethyst Rock Star is the first album release by Saul Williams.
 Rescue Through Tomahawk is an album by alaska!. It was released on April 12 2005 on Altitude Records.
 Te Acordarás de Mí (You Will Remember Me) is the title of a studio album released by singer Olga Tañón on October 27 1998. This album became her second number-one album on the Billboard Top Latin Albums.The song Voy A Sacarte De Mi Mente is a Spanish-language version of Go West's hit song King of Wishful Thinking.
 Concept is the ninth album by the Los Angeles California-based R&B group The Sylvers.
 Punkophilia is the third album of Polish punk rock band Bulbulators.
 Serie Diamante is the fifth Hits album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro It was released in 2008By Peerless Records Celebrating their 75th anniversary.
 All We Need is the fourth full-length studio album and fifth studio recorded release by Christian recording artist Rachael Lampa.The album was preceded by the single Remedy which has peaked at #38 on Billboard's Hot Christian Songs chart.
 Una Noche en Madrid (Eng.: A Night in Madrid) is a live album released by Marco Antonio Solís on June 18 2008. This album was recorded at the Palacio Municipal de Congresos in Madrid on October 12 2007 and became the eight number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums for Solís tying the record for most number-one albums on the chart with Luis Miguel.
 Lifejacket is a 2008 studio album by Ian Shaw.
 Singles 1–12 is a compilation album by Melvins which was released in 1997 through Amphetamine Reptile Records. In 1996 The Melvins had released a 7 inch single each month on Amphetamine Reptile Records each limited to 800 copies worldwide. This 1997 compilation contains all of these singles.In January Melvins played a series of three shows at Club Spaceland. A special handmade digipak edition of album was sold here limited to 50 copies.
 Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 23 (subtitled Texas Part 5) is the final compilation album in the Highs in the Mid-Sixties series featuring recordings that were released in Texas. This is one of five volumes in the series that collects songs by Texas bands; the others are Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 11 Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 12 Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 13 and Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 17.
 The Very Best Of (released as The Complete Greatest Hits in the UK and Australia) is a two-disc compilation album by the Eagles released in 2003.This album combines all tracks that appeared on the two previously released Eagles greatest hits albums (Their Greatest Hits (1971-1975) & Eagles Greatest Hits Vol.
 Latch Key Kid is a self-titled Studio album by singer/songwriter Latch Key Kid. It was released on September 21 2005.In the United States the album is available as a single release in most retail and online stores.
 Worldwide 50 Gold Award Hits Vol. 1 is a compilation box set by Elvis Presley. The four-album set was released in August 1970 as his 38th album. The set peaked at number 45 on the Billboard 200 and at number 25 on the country chart. It was certified Gold on February 13 1973 Platinum on March 27 1992 and 2x Platinum on June 17 1992 by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 At the Movies is the eighth studio album by saxophone player Dave Koz. It was released by Capitol Records on January 30 2007. The album peaked at number 2 on Billboard Jazz Albums chart.
 The Music of Nashville: Season 1 Volume 2 is the second soundtrack album for the American musical drama television series Nashville created by Academy Award winner Callie Khouri and starring Connie Britton as Rayna Jaymes a legendary country music superstar whose stardom begins fading and Hayden Panettiere as rising teen star Juliette Barnes.
 La Valse des monstres (English: The Monsters Waltz) is the first album released by Yann Tiersen. It includes several pieces he wrote for short films and the accompaniment for plays in addition to original pieces.
 Nie dla oka... (Not for the Eye...) is a debut studio album of Polish actress and singer Agnieszka Włodarczyk. It was released in November 2007 following Włodarczyk's win in Jak oni śpiewają a Polish edition of Soapstar Superstar.
 The Prayer Cycle is a choral/orchestral album by American film and television composer Jonathan Elias and was released by Sony Classical Records in the United States on March 23 1999.The project recorded and mixed by co-producer R.
 Good Answer is an EP by The Spinto Band released in 2004.
 The Many Sides of Toshiko is a jazz piano trio album by Toshiko Akiyoshi recorded in New York in 1957 and released on the Verve Records label.
 Something to Be Proud Of: The Best of 1999–2005 is a compilation album by country music duo Montgomery Gentry. It was released in 2005 (see 2005 in country music). The track She Don't Tell Me To was newly recorded for this album and was released as a single. Two other tracks (Didn't I and Merry Christmas from the Family) had previously charted but not included on any of Montgomery Gentry's other albums.
 It's Getting Tougher to Say the Right Things is a compilation album of early material by the Californian hardcore punk band Unbroken. All tracks were recorded between 1992 and 1995 and released on March 2000 by Indecision Records. Love Will Tear Us Apart is a cover of the song from Joy Division. Track 11 Unheard actually finishes at 2:56 followed by five minutes of silence and 4 hidden live tracks.
 Saturday Night Gossip (サタデーナイト・ゴシップ Satadēnaito Goshippu) is a vinyl exclusive extended play by Japanese musician Ringo Sheena. It was released two months after her fourth studio album Sanmon Gossip and features a collection of songs relating to that album.
 Early Mornin' Stoned Pimp was Kid Rock's third full length album It was distributed by his own label Top Dog Records. There are two pressings of this CD the first the 1996 original pressing has the Top Dog logo on the actual CD while the 1999 reissue it just a basic labeled disc. Kid Rock used the money he made from his 1994/1995 monthly Bootleg Series cassettes as well as becoming the janitor at The White Room Studios to purchase recording time.
 Saturate in the debut studio album by American contemporary Christian singer Jeff Deyo. It was released om March 26 2002 by Gotee Records.
 Hits! the Videos is a DVD released by British synthpop duo Erasure as a companion to their greatest hits album Hits - the Very Best of Erasure. The double-disc set was released by Mute Records in 2003 and contained all music video clips from the band from their inception in 1985 up to 2003. Also included are several live and television performances alternate videos and promotional documentaries and interviews with Vince Clarke and Andy Bell during the course of their career.
 Alive 2007 is a live album by French house duo Daft Punk first released on 19 November 2007. It is the second album recorded live by the duo following Alive 1997. Alive 2007 features their performance at Bercy in Paris from 14 June 2007.The physical release in North America was delayed to 4 December due to production issues but the album became available as a digital download on 20 November 2007.
 Tenor Legacy is an album by the American jazz saxophonist Joe Lovano recorded in 1993 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Dangerous Connection is the second LP released from the Boston hip hop duo 7L & Esoteric.
 Blues for a Hip King is a Jazz album by South African artist Abdullah Ibrahim.
 Hidden Treasures is an EP by American heavy metal band Megadeth released on July 18 1995 through Capitol Records. It is a collection of previously released non-album tracks including music originally intended for soundtracks and compilations. Three of the album's eight songs received Grammy nominations in the Best Metal Performance category. The album cover features a map of north-central Arizona. Some of the cities on the map are named for some of the EP's songs.
 Immortalized is the second album by 3X Krazy. It was released on June 22 1999 for Big Block Records and featured production from Tone Capone Big Deion DJ Daryll One Drop Scott and Numskull.
 Slingshot Professionals is an album by American blues singer and guitarist Kelly Joe Phelps released in 2003.
 Redd Hott is a 1982 dance-oriented LP by post-disco/urban singer Sharon Redd. In October 1982 all the cuts from this LP hit #1 on the dance charts for one week. Although none of the LP's tracks made the Hot 100 one of the cuts Beat the Street made it to #41 on the soul singles chart.
 Music Speaks is the debut studio album by American recording artist and American Idol season 12 winner Candice Glover released on February 18 2014 by Interscope Records. It was preceded by the release of two digital singles I Am Beautiful and Cried. In the Music Speaks album Candice combined the styling of contemporary R&B with 1960s-style lounge music.
 Light Years is the seventh studio album by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue. It was released on 25 September 2000 by Parlophone. The album's style was indicative of her return to mainstream pop dance tunes. It received favourable reviews from music critics with some appreciating her fresh new pop roots and dance music.
 Nunca el Tiempo es Perdido is the second solo studio album from Spanish musician Manolo García formerly of the band El Último de la Fila.
 In a Chamber is Wire Train's first full length album released in 1984. U2's Bono claimed it to be his personal favorite album of that year.
 Gunstar Heroes: Sound Collection (ガンスターヒーローズ サウンドコレクション Gansutā Hīrōzu Saundo Korekushon) is the licenced soundtrack to coincide with the video games Gunstar Heroes and Gunstar Super Heroes. It was released on November 23 2005 in Japan only.
 The Blueprint Dives is the fourth studio release by the Norwegian Christian metal band Extol. Recorded at the end of 2004 at Top Room Studios and produced by Børge Finstad and Extol Blueprint was released on February 21 2005 on Century Media. On this album Ole Børud and Christer Espevoll left Extol and the band was joined by the members of the rock band Ganglión Tor Magne S. Glidje and Ole Halvard Sveen.
 Dig Your Roots/Découvre tes racines is a Canadian series of compilation albums released by the National Campus and Community Radio Association (NCRA/ANREC) to promote new and emerging artists.The project was launched in 2002 utilizing development funding that Corus Entertainment provided to the NCRA/ANREC as part of a benefits package relating to a major radio acquisition transaction.Each year's Dig Your Roots compilation focuses on a particular genre of music.
 The State of Things is the second EP by British rock band Turin Brakes and their first release for Source Records. It was released on 7 vinyl and CD. The songs on the EP were taken from the recording sessions for The Optimist LP. The title track the only song from this EP that made the debut album therefore appears in the same version.
 The Best of Master P is a compilation album released by Priority Records containing the greatest hits of rapper Master P. It was released on October 4 2005 and peaked at #61 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. On the same day several related compilations were released The Best of C-Murder The Best of Silkk the Shocker and The Best of TRU.
 For the dumbwaiter elevator see dumbwaiter.For the song of the same name by The Psychedelic Furs see Dumb Waiters (song).Dumb Waiters is the second studio album by English pop band The Korgis. It was released on Rialto Records in the UK in 1980.The album includes the singles Everybody's Got to Learn Sometime UK #5 U.S.
 Regaining Unconsciousness is an EP by NOFX released prior to the release of The War on Errorism. Regaining Unconsciousness was the name of a song that appeared on The War on Errorism although that song did not appear on this EP.All tracks appeared on The War on Errorism except for Hardcore '84 and Commercial' which was a mock commercial for War on Errorism.
 The Flame Within is Stream of Passion's second studio album released on May 27 2009 by Napalm Records. It is the follow-up to their debut album Embrace the Storm.It is the first album with guitarists Eric Hazebroek and Stephan Schultz and keyboardist Jeffrey Revet who are replacing three members who departed in 2007 including Stream of Passion's founder and original composer Arjen Anthony Lucassen who left as he was planning since its creation.
 Epilog is the second studio album fromSwedish progressive rock group Änglagård. A darkerand completely instrumental work it was supposed to be the finalchapter of Änglagård hence the name.
 Simply the Best: Honestly Love You - Her Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by Olivia Newton-John that was released in 1995.
 Welcome to Hungary! The Tommy Vig Orchestra 2012 Featuring David Murray is a 2011 album by jazz vibraharpist Tommy Vig. It was released on the Klasszikus Jazz Records label and features performances by Vig David Murray Istvan Elek Ferenc Schreck Balazs Cserta and Rozsa Farkas.
 O.J. Simpson is the second album from Detroit rapper Guilty Simpson featuring production exclusively from producer Madlib. The album was released on May 18 featuring 24 tracks and guests Frank N Dank & Strong Arm Steady. The album peaked Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums #62 and was on the Billboard chart only one week. The album has sold between 1000 and 2500 copies in the USA.
 Blues at Carnegie Hall is a live album by American jazz group the Modern Jazz Quartet featuring performances recorded at Carnegie Hall in 1966 at a benefit concert presented by The Manhattan School of Music and released on the Atlantic label.
 The Dwarves Are Young and Good Looking is an album released by punk rock band Dwarves in March 1997 by Epitaph Records and Theologian Records. It was the band's first album since 1993's Sugarfix after which they were dropped by Sub Pop and the liner notes include a 'modified' copy of the Sub Pop press release announcing the band's departure from the label.
 DC EP is an EP by John Frusciante released on September 14 2004 on Record Collection. Produced by Ian Mackaye of Fugazi the EP is the third recording in a series of six released from June 2004 to February 2005 by Frusciante. According to Frusciante: These songs were written while I was on tour for By the Way. I was listening to the Velvet Underground a lot. It's only four songs and fifteen minutes long.
 The Sheltering Sky is the original soundtrack to the 1990 film The Sheltering Sky (based on a novel by Paul Bowles) starring Debra Winger and John Malkovich. The original score was composed mainly by Ryuichi Sakamoto. For the complete list of composers see below.The album won the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score and the LAFCA Award for Best Music.
 Love Is the Song We Sing: San Francisco Nuggets 1965–1970 is the fourth Nuggets box set released by Rhino Records. It was released in 2007. The compilation focuses on San Francisco Sound bands. Its title is derived from the first line of Get Together by The Youngbloods.
 YelloWhite is the debut mixtape by MellowHype. It was made available for free download on February 24 2010.The bonus tracks Rolex and Claustroflowbic were previously released on Hodgy Beats' mixtape The Dena Tape. BlaccFriday was later released on Mike G's debut studio album Ali. The songs BankRolls & RokRok later appeared on Odd Future's compilation album 12 Odd Future Songs. Left Brain raps the first verse on the track Thuggin'.
 Foundation is the fourth release from Hip Hop group Brand Nubian. it was released on September 29 1998. The album marked the reunion of the four original members Grand Puba Sadat X Lord Jamar and DJ Alamo who hadn't released an album together since their 1990 debut One for All. Foundation saw the group regain their past success critically and commercially.
 Page One – Sings a Collection of Her Most Famous Songs was a Patti Page LP album issued by Mercury Records as catalog number MG-20095.
 Free Yourself is the debut album by American Idol winner Fantasia Barrino which was released on November 23 2004. The album was a great success for Barrino selling over 240000 units in its first week and reaching number eight on the United States Billboard 200 chart. Free Yourself is certified platinum in the US and has been nominated for more than twenty awards four of which were Grammy Awards.
 ONoffON is the second album by post-punk group Mission of Burma and their first studio recording after their nineteen-year hiatus. It featured a cleaner production than their previous one.
 Madlib Invazion is the debut EP by Oxnard based hip hop producer and rapper Madlib. This EP contains production from Madlib and features vocals from fellow Lootpack member Wildchild and label mate MED among others.
 Sick Octave is the fourth full-length album by Young Knives released in the United Kingdom on 21 April 2013 on the Gadzook label.
 Destiny is an album by American jazz pianist Marilyn Crispell with saxophonist Fred Anderson and drummer Hamid Drake recorded in the 1994 Women of the New Jazz festival at Chicago’s HotHouse and released on Okka Disk.
 Same Place is the debut mini-album from Australian-American hip hop artist Bukkcity. Originally meant for released in October 2008 due to several delays it wasn't released until January 2009 through Australian hip hop label Unda K9 and MGM Distribution.
 There's a Trumpet in My Soul is an album by avant-garde jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp released in 1975 on the Arista Freedom label. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states Two vocals and a poem recitation weigh down the music a bit although Shepp gets in some good licks. The overall results are not essential but Archie Shepp was still in his musical prime at the time.
 You Pay for the Whole Seat but You'll Only Need the Edge is the second album released by the Norwegian rock group Animal Alpha. The track Fire! Fire! Fire! was used as a soundtrack in the game MotorStorm Pacific Rift.
 The Beatles: The Collection was a vinyl box set of every Beatles album remastered at half speed from the original stereo master recordings except for Magical Mystery Tour which was mastered from Capitol Records' submasters with the last three tracks in rechanneled stereo.
 Shakill's Warrior is an album by David Murray released on the DIW/Columbia label. It was released in 1991 and features eight quartet performances by Murray with Stanley Franks Don Pullen and Andrew Cyrille.
 It's a Dying World is a Contemporary Christian Music album by Steve Camp and was released by Myrrh Records in 1984. This was Camp's final album for Myrrh Records but was not released until after Camp released Fire and Ice with Sparrow in late 1983.
 Minor Elegance is a 1990 studio album by Joe Diorio and Robben Ford. Recorded live at the Mad Hatter Studios Los Angeles and mixed at the MGI Records Studios Munich.
 Soul Serenade is the fourth studio album by American jam band The Derek Trucks Band released in 2003. Soul Serenade may also be considered the band's third album as it was recorded in its entirety before Joyful Noise but was held up in legalities and therefore released later.Soul Serenade continues this band's exploration of genre ambiguity.
 Native Son is the first album by the Judybats released in 1991.
 Punches is an album by World Leader Pretend released in 2005 on Warner Brother Records.The album was self-produced and mixed chiefly by Ben Hiller.
 Untitled is the debut album of Demarco on Starkutt Records (2008). Unfortunately the album had never been released as an official CD but only as Promo CD. Nevertheless Demarco published three singles: Fallen Soldiers in 2007 and one year later Standing Soldier and Our World (feat. Elephant Man).
 Let's Go Everywhere is an album of children's music released by Medeski Martin & Wood.
 Blue Guitars is a Blues album released by Chris Rea on October 14 2005 consisting of eleven CDs one DVD and a full colour book including paintings by the artist liner notes and song lyrics. The album is an ambitious project with the 137 songs recorded over the course of 1½ years with a work schedule - according to Chris Rea himself - of twelve hours a day seven days a week.
 Bon Voyage is the eleventh studio album by Koda Kumi. The album was released on February 26 2014.It was released two years after her previous studio album Japonesque in 2012 and held four preluding single (Go to the top Koishikute Summer Trip and Dreaming Now!) making it the first time she released an album with four preluding single (versus three) since her 2010 album Universe.
 Six at Midnight is a digital-only EP by The Like Young. Featuring six cover versions of songs from the 1950s and 1960s it was released on Tight Ship Records in 2005.
 Daughter of Eve was released on November 30 in the year 2000 and is an album from Swedish pop and country singer Jill Johnson. It peaked at #59 at the Swedish album chart.
 Kidz Bop 15 is the 15th edition to the Kidz Bop series and was released on February 3 2009. It debuted and peaked at number seven on the Billboard 200 albums chart. This is the third Kidz Bop album in a row to include an iTunes Bonus Track. This is the last album to feature the traditional 18 songs and the last one to have adult singers.
 Sneakin' Out is Stacy Lattisaw's fourth album on Cotillion Records. It was released in 1982 when Lattisaw was 15 years old. The single Don't Throw it All Away peaked at number nine on the U.S. R&B chart in 1982. It is noted for featuring future American Idol judge Randy Jackson on bass.
 Tonite Lets All Make Love in London is a soundtrack album released on LP in 1968 for the 1967 semi-documentary film made by Peter Whitehead about the swinging London scene of the sixties.
 Static is the second full-length album by the Christian rock band Bleach. It was released in 1998 under Forefront Records.
 Toonami: Deep Space Bass is the official soundtrack album to Cartoon Network's action TV block Toonami released on May 15 2001. It contains music from various shows' intros outros and promo spots along with other Toonami music including selections from Toonami's Midnight Run and The Intruder specials. All of the tracks were recorded by Joe Boyd Vigil who composed Toonami's score from 1999 through 2002. The album has since been long out of print.
 Dunfermline: A Collection of the Skids' Finest Moments was the second compilation released by Scottish punk and new wave band Skids on Virgin Records in 1987. It was their first compilation released on the Compact Disc format.
 Exposures – In Retrospect and Denial is a compilation album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Dark Tranquillity that was released in 2004.Disc 1 Tracks 1 and 2 were recorded during the Damage Done sessions in 2002. Track 1 was previously unreleased and track 2 was previously only available on the Japanese version of the album.Disc 1 Tracks 3-5 were recorded during the Haven sessions in 2000.
 Espacium is the sixth album Dorso and the first where merge all sub-genres of extreme metal.
 Hits: The Road is the 1st live album & the 12th album overall by Christian parody band ApologetiX. This album features 3 new songs: With A Harp David Writes Walk On The Water (which would later be included on the deluxe edition of The Boys Aren't Backin' Down) & Found God.
 Fleisch hat immer Saison (German for Meat is always modern) is the third album by King Orgasmus One (as Imbiss Bronko).
 Last Show At The Glasshouse was Jeffries Fan Club's last album.
 Welcome 2 Cashville is the second mixtape released by Young Buck featuring new music from the label's The Outlawz Tha City Paper Rukus 100 Sosa Tha Plug & Paperchase. The mixtape features exclusive tracks and freestyles from Ca$hville Records. Other Nashville Ten-A-Keyans that appear on this project include CTN Charlie P Bezzled Gang Frank Wyte & more. It was released for digital download and sale on iTunes on December 25 2012.
 Sleepwalking is the second release by Ammonia released in March 1995. The EP reached No. 86 on the Australian singles chart.Ammonia formed in 1992 with Dave Johnstone and Allan Balmont. The guitarist and drummer were then performing under the name Fuzzswirl. It wasn't until 1993 that bassist Simon Hensworth joined the group and the band's name was changed to Ammonia. The group's success was due mostly to its hometown style of recording and word of mouth.
 Baby Face Killa is a mixtape by American rapper Freddie Gibbs. It was released on September 25 2012. It is the first installment of the Gangsta Grillz series featuring Gary Indiana based Freddie Gibbs. The mixtape was announced shortly after the release of the previous street album Cold Day In Hell. There are 18 tracks on the street album and additional bonus tracks on the deluxe edition that were released on iTunes.
 Another Page is Christopher Cross' second studio album recorded in 1982 and released in early 1983. Although not as commercially successful as its predecessor as it was only certified Gold by the RIAA while his self-titled debut album had already been certified Platinum by the time of the release of Another Page the third single Think of Laura reached #9 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1984. It has since proven to be Christopher Cross' final single to reach the Top 10.
 Goin' to the Meeting is an album by saxophonist Eddie Lockjaw Davis recorded in 1962 for the Prestige label.
 Fools for Light is the first full-length album by El Cantador released on May 3 2011. Recording the album took place over eleven days in a rented condo in December 2010 with additional recording sessions until March 2011 in Mobile Alabama. Fools for Light was self-produced and mixed by El Cantador's Alex Scharr and Sean Murphy at Glenwood Studios in Mobile.
 Michael Sarver is the self-titled solo debut studio album by American Idol finalist and singer-songwriter Michael Sarver. It was released on July 27 2010 under Dream Records/Fontana Distribution.
 Memories To You is Heo Young-Saeng's second Japanese album.During early June Heo's Japan official website released tracks and information for his upcoming second Japanese album entitled Memories To You to be released on July 3. The title is said to be Heo's memories shared with his fans. The album mainly consists of SS501 cover songs and rearranged tracks from his past albums but there will also be two new songs.
 Tie Your Mix Down: A Queen Tribute is a Queen tribute album. It features various covers of Queen songs by various artists. Despite the album's name these songs are not remixes of original Queen material but are cover versions performed by the artists themselves. The covers are very techno and electronica influenced and because of this the album is unpopular among the band's fans.
 Treated Timber Resists Rot is the third studio album by Xploding Plastix.
 Dr. Buzzard's Original Savannah Band Goes to Washington is the third album by disco group Dr. Buzzard's Original Savannah Band. It was the last album recorded by the original line-up. This album was a commercial failure not making the top 100 on either the Pop or the R&B chart.
 Evil Never Dies is the debut album of thrash metal band Toxic Holocaust.
 Ray Stevens...Unreal!!! was the seventh studio album of Ray Stevens and his second for Barnaby Records released in 1970. Two singles (America Communicate With Me and Sunset Strip) were lifted from the album and were moderately successful on the Hot 100 pop singles chart. Each single reached the Top-20 on the Billboard Adult-Contemporary chart indicating that Stevens' appeal even as early as 1970 lay with the adult music buyers rather than the kids and teenagers.
 Full Circle is a studio album by Saga their thirteenth album of new material. This recording marks the begin of the second round of Chapters.
 La Musica Negra is the third and final album by the rock band Verbena released in 2003 on Capitol Records. Although the album marked yet another personnel change with longtime member Ann Marie Griffin succeeded by Nick Daviston on bass guitar the album was dedicated to her in the liner notes.
 Amaia Montero is the debut solo album by Spanish singer Amaia Montero after an eleven-year music career as the frontwoman for La Oreja de Van Gogh. It was released in Spain on 18 November 2008 by Sony BMG. Quiero Ser (English: I want to be) was the first single released from the album. According to Promusicae Amaia Montero was the Ninth biggest selling album of 2008 in Spain for surpassing sales of 81000 in less than 2 months (six weeks).
 To Whom It May Concern is the second studio album from Splender.
 A Tale of Two Cities is the debut album from British band Mr Hudson & The Library released on 5 March 2007. It is named after the Charles Dickens novel of the same name.
 Neighborhood Watch is the third album from West Coast hip hop group Dilated Peoples and was released in 2004. The album was not as acclaimed as their past releases The Platform and Expansion Team and was not able to push a significant amount of units despite having the group's first Billboard Hot 100 hit in the Kanye West-assisted This Way.
 Love Letters is the fourth studio album by English electronic band Metronomy released on March 10 2014 through Because Music.
 Janus is the first full-length album released by Boyfriend under Starship Entertainment. The offline release will be on November 8 and on online the release will be on November 13 2012 by Starship Entertainment and their distributing label LOEN Entertainment. Their first studio album is entitled as Janus The First Album.
 Universal Music Group released The Best of Siouxsie and the Banshees in 2002 as the first reissue of the Siouxsie and the Banshees remastered back-catalogue.The most successful singles of the band were presented in a non-chronological order.The Best of Siouxsie & the Banshees was issued in three editions; single disc double CD and Sound & Vision double CD and DVD (the latter version was released in 2004 and re-issued in 2007).
 Red White & Blues (1992) is the eighth studio album recorded by The Blues Brothers. It is their only studio album other than the soundtracks from the movies The Blues Brothers (1980) and Blues Brothers 2000 (1999). It is also the only album that contains original material such as Red White & Blues and Can't Play the Blues (In An Air-Conditioned Room).
 No Boundaries is the debut studio album by American neo-classical metal musician Michael Angelo Batio. Produced and entirely performed by Batio (save for three tracks featuring drummer Rob Ross) it was released in September 1995 by Batio's label M.A.C.E. Music. The album was reissued in 2000 and eight of the ten tracks (all but Intro: This CD Is Dedicated to You and The Finish Line) were later remixed and remastered for the 2007 compilation album 2 X Again.
 Bliss is the second studio album by Nikki Webster. It was released in Australia on 28 October 2002 (see 2002 in music) through BMG/Gotham Records.
 Memory Lane Volume 2 (Golden Egg LP number pending) is a demo-collection album written and produced by Deborah Gibson. Fourteen tracks including a developmental form of Silence Speaks (a Thousand Words) (the production version is on Atlantic LP 81932 Electric Youth) are included.
 Invitation is the first full-length studio album from the Finnish power metal band Altaria.
 Out of a Center Which Is Neither Dead Nor Alive is the debut full-length album by Chicago-based post-metal band Minsk. Produced by Sanford Parker the album was released in 2005 on At a Loss Recordings.
 Encephalous Crime is the first album by trance fusion band The Disco Biscuits. It was self-released in 1996.
 Tokyo Live is a jazz/rock album released in 1994 by The Free Spirits Featuring John McLaughlin on Verve catalogue number P2-21870. Despite the group credit on the sleeve the record is generally considered to be a McLaughlin solo album.The album was produced by John McLaughlin; the executive producer was Jean-Philippe Allard. It was recorded live on December 16 and 18 1993 at the Blue Note Tokyo jazz club Tokyo Japan.
 Polar AC is a compilation album by jazz trumpeter Freddie Hubbard. It was his sixth and final album released on Creed Taylor's CTI label and features performances by Hubbard Hubert Laws George Benson Junior Cook and Ron Carter. It was put together by CTI after Hubbard left the label to go to Columbia and the tracks were recorded at different sessions between 1971 and 1973.
 What the World Needs Now: The Songs of Burt Bacharach is an album by McCoy Tyner released on the Impulse! label in 1997. It was recorded in March 1996 and features performances of Burt Bacharach's compositions by Tyner with Christian McBride Lewis Nash a string section and orchestra. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states that The pianist treats each melody as if it were precious and the overall results are rather schlocky.
 John Denver's Greatest Hits Volume 3 is a compilation album by American singer-songwriter John Denver released in 1984. Love Again was the single from this album.
 City of Syrup is the first album by southern rapper Big Moe. It is a concept album about purple drank. There is also a Wreckchopped and Screwed version of this album
 Enemy of the Music Business is the ninth album by the British band Napalm Death released in 2000. This album along with Words from the Exit Wound are the only Napalm Death studio albums that were released only on CD until 2013. London based Secret Records has now re-issued the album on CD (with covers EP Leaders Not Followers included as bonus tracks) and 180g LP. This is the very last release that has Jesse Pintado actually performing.
 Rogue Waves is a 1979 album by musician Terry Reid.
 Viper of Melody is the sixth studio album and ninth overall album released by American country musician Wayne Hancock released on April 21 2009.
 777: Triple Seven (stylized 777 ～TRIPLE SEVEN～) is the seventh studio album by Japanese music group AAA.
 You / Phony is a demo by Welsh metalcore band Jeff Killed John known today as Bullet for My Valentine. Eye Spy contains two tracks You and Phony (AKA Play With Me).
 Prologue was a 1972 album by progressive rock band Renaissance.
 Mail Dominance is the seventh full length studio album by Esham released in 1999.
 Pussy Whipped is the debut full-length album of punk rock band Bikini Kill. It was released in 1993 on Kill Rock Stars. The album includes the track Rebel Girl which is #27 on the Rolling Stone list of Most Excellent Songs of Every Year Since 1967 a playlist assembled by the magazine in 2006 to celebrate its 1000th issue.
 Zoology is the debut studio album by The Zoo and their only album with vocalist Arnel Pineda (current singer for Journey). Two singles have been hits in the Philippines since the album was released in September 2007: Gimik and Pain In My Heart (originally recorded by the band Second Wind). The album was released in the US in January of 2008.
 The Very Best Of Cilla Black is a compilation album by Cilla Black to be released in October 2013 by Parlophone UK to mark her Golden Anniversary in showbusiness.
 Undercard is an album by indie-rock band The Extra Lens which features members of The Mountain Goats and Nothing Painted Blue. The album was released on October 19 2010.
 Concrete Rage was the first tape by German industrial music artist P·A·L. It was independently released in Europe in K7 format.The song Concrete Rage was sampled by Wumpscut for his track of the same name on the album Music for a Slaughtering Tribe.
 Augusta is a 1995 album by country singer Willie Nelson and big band singer Don Cherry.
 The Burning Hour is the debut album from California Indie rock band Test Your Reflex. It was released on April 24 2007 on RCA Records. It peaked at No. 46 on Billboard's Top Heatseekers chart (week of May 12 2007).
 My Elusive Dreams was Bobby Vinton's twentieth studio album released in 1970.The title track a remake of a 1967 Tammy Wynette/David Houston hit is the album's only single. Cover versions include B.J. Thomas' hit Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head the Beatles' hit Something Leaving on a Jet Plane I'll Never Fall in Love Again I Will Follow You (a different version of Little Peggy March's hit I Will Follow Him) and Barbara Lewis' hit Baby I'm Yours.
 Miracle is a concept album credited to Canadian singer Céline Dion and Australian photographer Anne Geddes released on October 11 2004. It's Dion's 12th English album and 33rd in total. According to Billboard Miracle is the 11th Best Selling Kids Album of the 2000s.
 Throw It to the Universe is the sixth and final studio album by the Swedish band The Soundtrack of Our Lives.
 Photographs (2002) is the first solo studio album from Andrew Osenga. Originally released in 2002 it was re-released at the same time as his second full-length studio album The Morning (2006).
 As is the case with most anime series Ro-Kyu-Bu! has several soundtracks available.
 Thelonious Sphere Monk: Dreaming of the Masters Series Vol. 2 is an album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago and Cecil Taylor released on the Japanese DIW label. It features performances by Lester Bowie Joseph Jarman Roscoe Mitchell Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye with Cecil Taylor guesting on piano vocals and percussion.
 Hearts In Motion is the ninth studio album by Australian soft rock band Air Supply released in 1986. The album was a serious step down in the band's popularity. While their previous self-titled album had charted gold Hearts In Motion did not attain any certification peaking at #84 on the US charts. The album didn't possess any important single except for minors Lonely Is the Night (#76 in the U.S.) which became a favourite among the band's repertoire and One More Chance (#80).
 Probably Racist is the third studio album by American parody rapper Rucka Rucka Ali. The album was released July 26 2011 on Pinegrove Records.
 Encore Une Fois – The Greatest Hits is the fourth studio album released by German dance act Sash! It was released on October 30 2000 through Multiply Records label. It includes the single releases from the previous three albums extra album tracks and a 17-minute 'megamix' of the singles mixed by Oliver Momm. The CD also includes a bonus disc of remixes of the tracks by various artists. The album reached #33 in the UK album chart and #62 in Germany.
 Greatest Hits Live is a compilation of live songs recorded by the Who throughout their history. The album was released exclusively on the iTunes Store on 19 January 2010. This collection was released as a compact disc on 23 March 2010.
 Doc and Merle Watson's Guitar Album is the title of a recording by American folk music artist Doc Watson and Merle Watson first released in 1983.It has been released on CD by Vanguard Records and Flying Fish Records.
 Sound.Color.Motion. is the debut album of the American rock band Farewell Flight released in 2008. Recording of the album was commissioned through Mono Vs Stereo though the label folded before its intended release date. The band decided to move forward with the album's release independently under their label The Easy Company.
 Da Club Phenomena is the first remix album by Armand Van Helden.
 In Position is a six track EP recorded by Irish band Turn in 2001. It was recorded by the band without any record company involvement after they left Infectious Records in 2000. In Position the song would later be re-recorded and appear on Turn's second full length album Forward (Turn album).
 Twilight Curtains is a rarities compilation album by Truly released only in the UK on May 22 2000.
 Perry Como In Italy was Perry Como's 14th RCA Victor 12 long-play album the 12th recorded in full living stereophonic sound and the fourth featuring Dynagroove technology.In Italy was recorded on location in Rome with arrangements by Nick Perito and choral direction by Ray Charles.
 Monster Madness is a compilation album of heavy metal hits released in 2000 as part of Razor & Tie's Monster line of 80s hard rock/metal compilation CDs (Monsters of Rock Monster Ballads etc.).
 On the Road is the third studio album by American country music singer Lee Roy Parnell. It was released October 26 1993 via Arista Nashville. The album produced four singles for Parnell all of which charted on Billboard Hot Country Songs: the title track at #6 I'm Holding My Own at #3 a cover of the Hank Williams song Take These Chains from My Heart at #17 and The Power of Love at #51.
 Divas En Español is a compilation album produced by Sony Internacional and Columbia Records with some tracks in Spanish from the show VH1 divas (and the series) that include some bonus tracks from different albums and new recordings specially for it. Is rare to find it and it comes with bonus tracks in Latin America.
 Shots is the second full-length album by Vancouver indie rock band Ladyhawk. It was released on Jagjaguwar on March 4 2008 in North America and on April 7 2008 in the UK.
 Corinne Bailey Rae is the eponymous debut album of English recording artist Corinne Bailey Rae released 24 February 2006 by EMI. The album debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart. It has also sold 1.9 million copies in the United States and over four million copies worldwide.
 Wish is the second solo album of former Undertones singer Feargal Sharkey. Released in 1988 three years after his successful self-titled solo debut the album was found to be somewhat disappointing and therefore became not as successful as its predecessor.
 Zombie Dog is the fifth studio album by the rock group Scapegoat released through Tragic Hero Records on January 22 2008.
 By Absence of the Sun is the fourth studio album by Belgian rock band Triggerfinger released on 18 April 2014. The album was recorded at the Sunset Sound Studios in Los Angeles and mixed at the RedStar Studios in Los Angeles.
 4 (Four) is the first release by the Greek alternative rock band Matisse. The EP was released in the summer of 2003 and it includes the song The Great Sleep which is considered a fan favorite in their live shows.
 Geneva MN is a live release by Athens Georgia's Widespread Panic. These performances were recorded live at Harmony Park Music Garden in Geneva MN on July 4 2001. This recording features all original band members including late guitarist Michael Houser.
 The Forgotten Arm is an album by singer-songwriter Aimee Mann with illustrations by artist Owen Smith. It was released by SuperEgo Records on May 3 2005. It is a concept album telling the story of two characters who run off with each other to escape their problems but end up in more trouble than either of them could have imagined. The album reflects Mann's own boxing in its story and illustrations.
 In Harmony: A Sesame Street Record and In Harmony 2 are two Grammy Award-winning compilation albums of children's music performed by various artists released in 1980 and 1982 respectively. Of the two albums only the first album charted reaching #156 on the Billboard 200. The Doobie Brothers' cover of Wynken Blynken and Nod was the only single release to chart when it reached #76 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart.
 Like Trees in November is the debut release by Chapter 14 Like Trees in November is a five song EP self-released on November 30 2010.
 我只是想要 (Chinese: 我只是想要; pinyin: wŏ zhǐ shì xiǎng yào) is Kelvin Tan(simplified Chinese: 陈伟联; traditional Chinese: 陳偉聯; pinyin: chén wĕi lián)'s debut solo album in Singapore.
 Invisible Touch is the thirteenth studio album by Genesis released in 1986. It reached No.1 in the UK where it remained in the charts for 96 weeks making it by far the most commercially successful album of their career being certified 6x platinum in the US and 4x platinum in the UK. It eventually sold over 15 million copies worldwide.
 The Evolution of Robin Thicke is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Robin Thicke released by Star Trak Records on October 3 2006. Guest appearances from Faith Evans Lil Wayne and Pharrell were included. The album was re-released as a Deluxe Edition on February 13 2007 and included three new bonus tracks.
 Olly Murs is the self-titled debut studio album by English singer-songwriter Olly Murs. It was released on 26 November 2010 in the United Kingdom.The album's lead single Please Don't Let Me Go was released on 27 August 2010. The song debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart. The second single from the album Thinking of Me was released on 22 November 2010 and debuted at number four. The third single Heart on My Sleeve was released in March 2011 and peaked at number 20.
 Lights...Camera...Revolution! is the fifth studio album by Suicidal Tendencies which was released in 1990. This was the only full length album to feature the classic Suicidal Tendencies lineup which many fans feel was technically the strongest lineup the band has had to date. Drummer R.J. Herrera would leave before the recording of their next album.
 Weapons of Our Warfare is the second album by Christian speed/thrash metal band Deliverance and is considered by many to be the band's magnum opus. The album was originally released in 1990 on Intense Records and printings from that release are very rare and considered collector's items. The album was re-issued in 1998 as a two-disc set along with Deliverance on KMG Records.
 Do You Hear…Christmas is a Christmas album by Heather Cookie and Raylene Rankin of Canadian folk music group The Rankin Family. It was released by EMI in November 1997.
 Ko Akuma Usagi no Koibumi to Machine Gun e.p. (小悪魔Usagiの恋文とマシンガンe.p. The Little Demon Rabbit's Loveletter and Machinegun) is an EP released by An Cafe on October 29 2008 in Japan. The E.P peaked at No. 12 on the Japanese chart.
 F.Scott Fitzgerald's Way Of Love is the second EP by South Korean boy band 2AM. It was released in March 12 2012 with the song I Wonder If You Hurt Like Me as the title track.
 Rimfaxe is the fourth album by the Finnish group Gjallarhorn and was released in 2006.
 The Politics of Dancing 2 is an album of trance music mixed by Paul van Dyk as a sequel to his The Politics of Dancing.
 Yelling is the sixth studio album by Kay Tse released on April 23 2009. There are two versions of this CD each includes a bonus CD with Music Videos.
 Victory released on 18 March 2002 is the eleventh studio album of Modern Talking and it is the fifth release since the duo's 1998 reunion. Two singles were released off this album Ready for the Victory and Juliet the first one of which peaked at No. 7 and the latter at No. 25 in Germany. Victory landed on the German album chart on April 1 2002 entering the top position.
 Radio K.A.O.S. is the second studio album by British rock musician and former Pink Floyd bassist and singer/songwriter Roger Waters. It was released on 15 June 1987 in the United Kingdom and is notably the first solo album by Waters after his split from Pink Floyd two years previously in 1985.Like his previous and future studio album and many works of his during his time with Pink Floyd this is a concept album.
 Joan Baez Vol. 2 was Baez's second album. Released in 1961 the album like her self-titled 1960 debut album featured mostly traditional songs. The bluegrass band The Greenbriar Boys provided backup on two songs. Joan Baez Vol. 2 peaked at #13 on the Billboard album chart and was nominated for a Grammy for Best Contemporary Folk Performance.The Vanguard reissue contains three unreleased tracks I Once Loved A Boy Poor Boy and Longest Train I Ever Saw.
 Johnny Yesno: The Original Soundtrack from the Motion Picture is an album by the Industrial band Cabaret Voltaire. It was made as a soundtrack to Peter Care's movie of the same title which in turn lead to Peter Care directing the video for Cabaret Voltaire's hit song Sensoria. This started a music video-making career for Peter Care who has since then directed films for R.E.M. Bruce Springsteen Roy Orbison and Depeche Mode amongst others.
 Colours is the second studio album by Mark de Jong and Norman Lenden as Mark Norman under Magik Muzik a sub-label from Black Hole Recordings. All tracks with the exception of Talk Like a Stranger and One Moon Circling were produced and composed by Mark Norman To celebrate the release of the album Mark Norman's management Global Twist Music prepared a world tour supported by V Media Creative.
 Heavenly is an album released by popular Soca artist Machel Montano from Trinidad and Tobago in 2009. It was first launched at J&R Music World in New York City on June 19 2009.
 re.present is the third major label release by Jimmie's Chicken Shack released in 2004.
 Entertainment is the third full length album by electroclash duo and performance troupe Fischerspooner released on May 5 2009 in the United States and on May 4 around the world. On April 19 2009 a teaser for this album appeared on YouTube.Written over a two-year period with producer Jeff Saltzman (The Killers The Sounds) and recorded independently in a carriage house in Brooklyn with an intimate circle of artists working on the band's live show as Ian Pai Ben Bromley and Sam Kearney.
 A Lonely Man is the fourth studio album by American soul group The Chi-Lites produced and largely written by lead singer Eugene Record. The album was released in 1972 on the Brunswick label.
 Waterloo to Anywhere is the debut album by English indie rock band Dirty Pretty Things fronted by then former Libertine Carl Barât. The album was produced by Dave Sardy and Tony Doogan and released on 8 May 2006 in the United Kingdom where it debuted at #3 in the UK Albums Chart (see 2006 in British music).The album was leaked onto the internet in early April 2006. The cover and all artwork for the album was made by artist Hannah Bays.
 Americana Deluxe is the third studio album by Big Bad Voodoo Daddy. This album is also sometimes called Big Bad Voodoo Daddy as the album cover prominently displays a stylized Big Bad Voodoo Daddy logo and does not feature the phrase Americana Deluxe on it. However the liner notes and the band's website clearly show that the true title is indeed Americana Deluxe.
 La Grande Danse Macabre is the seventh studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was recorded and mixed at The Abyss in December 2000 and released on March 5 2001 by Regain Records. The theme of the album is death as Nightwing was blood and Panzer Division Marduk was war forming a trilogy of Blood War and Death Marduk's vision of what black metal is. La Grande Danse Macabre is the last Marduk album to feature Fredrik Andersson on drums.
 Double Dynamite is a compilation album by Elvis Presley. The album was released in December 1975 and compiles various tracks that had previously been released on nine budget-priced albums on the RCA Camden label. It was certified Gold and Platinum on 1/6/2004 by the RIAA. A 16-track CD version of the album was released in 1987 by Pair/RCA Special Products. The two songs omitted from the CD are You'll Never Walk Alone and If You Think I Don't Need You.
 Aabaar Bochhor Kuri Pore(Bengali: আবার বছরকুড়ি পরে) was a Bengali album of the Bangla band Moheener Ghoraguli. It was released in the 1995 Kolkata Book Fair.It was not an original Moheen album like earlier releases. It was released nearly twenty years after the last album by the group had been released.Many of the songs were not composed by Moheen and none of them were sung by Moheen.
 Family Style is the second full-length DVD by Jet. The DVD also contains all the band's music videos from Get Born as well as a short behind the scenes documentary showing the band on tour.
 I denna natt blir världen ny – Jul i Betlehem II is an album by the Swedish singer Carola Häggkvist. It was released in November 2007 in Sweden Norway Denmark and Finland. The album was recorded in Betlehem in mid-2007. The album includes both old Christmas carols and new-written melodies.
 No Nations No Peoples is the eighth album from Arthur Loves Plastic and was released in 2002. In 2005 No Nations No Peoples was reissued on Bev Stanton's own Machine Heart Music label.
 In a Flesh Aquarium is the second full-length album by Canadian avant-garde extreme metal band uneXpect. It was released on August 22 2006 through The End Records. This is the first album to include Landryx as the new drummer and the last album to feature Le Bateleur on violin.SyriaK wrote all lyrics except Megalomaniac Trees by Artagoth and The Shiver by ChaotH.
 Machine Punch Through: The Singles Collection was a greatest hits CD by the Canadian alternative rock band Moist released in 2001.
 De Stijl /də ˈsteɪl/ is the second studio album by the American garage rock band The White Stripes released on June 20 2000 on Sympathy for the Record Industry. The album reached number thirty-eight on Billboard's Independent Albums chart in 2002 when The White Stripes' popularity began to grow.
 Butterfly Lovers (simplified Chinese: 梁祝下世传奇; traditional Chinese: 梁祝下世傳奇) is an album by Denise Ho initially released on September 7 2005. It is the companion album to Ho's musical stageplay Butterfly Lovers starring Endy Chow and herself.
 What If... is the seventh full-length studio album by the American rock band Mr. Big which was released on January 21 2011 through Frontiers Records.
 No Doubt is the debut studio album from American R&B group 702 released October 8 1996 on Biv 10 Records and distributed through Motown.The album peaked at number eighty-two on the Billboard 200 chart. By November of 2000 it was certified gold in sales by the RIAA after sales exceeding 500000 copies in the United States.
 The Restless Stranger is the first album by American Music Club released in 1985.
 Phoenix Rising is the seventh studio album by power metal/neo-classical metal band Galneryus.
 Jump Up Calypso is an album by Harry Belafonte originally released by RCA Victor in 1961. It reached number 3 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts.Backing musicians include The Trinidad Steel Band.
 Radio Rations is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show that was only to the overseas men and women serving in the military in October 2007. It is a single disc CD which represents original material recorded during their syndicated daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air. While it is technically not sold in stores one can own a copy by piecing together the tracks from previous albums and making their own compilation CD.
 Like Water for Chocolate is the fourth studio album by American hip hop rapper Common released March 28 2000 on MCA Records. It was a considerable critical and commercial breakthrough for Common receiving generally favorable reviews from major magazine publications and selling 70000 copies in its first week. The album was certified Gold on August 11 2000 by the Recording Industry Association of America. According to Nielsen SoundScan the album has sold 748000 copies by March 2005.
 Kad fazani lete is the fourth studio album of the Croatian rock band Azra released through Jugoton in 1983. It was recorded in Germany without two original members Mišo Hrnjak and Boris Leiner who went to serve compulsory military service.
 Shine is the second studio album by Grammy-Award winner singer/songwriter Estelle. Executive-produced by John Legend Estelle's second album Shine brings together the best and brightest from Legend’s circle. Kanye West delivers “American Boy” a slice of modern disco that is perfect backdrop for the song’s cross-continental romance while Wyclef Jean and Mark Ronson bring to the table a global sensibility well-suited to Estelle a West Londoner with a mom from Senegal and a dad from Grenanda.
 Night Shift at the Thrill Factory is the second album by the Berkeley California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience released in 1988 by Rough Trade Records. Lookout! Records re-released the album in 1996 with a number of bonus tracks.The album continued the band's pop punk style with some more intellectual elements beginning to appear.
 Evil Twin is an EP by Hammerhead released on December 7 1993 through Amphetamine Reptile Records.
 Love Lost is a studio album released on June 11 1959 by jazz vocal and instrumental group The Four Freshmen. Released at the height of their fame the album is now considered a vintage recording. In the same year The Four Freshmen won both the Metronome and Playboy polls as top jazz vocal group.The album was reissued in 1998 on a double CD with Voices in Love.
 The Duplicated Memory is an album by the St. Louis Missouri hardcore punk/metalcore band Calico System released in 2003. A quick release after being signed to Eulogy Records the album features the same tracks as the EP released earlier in the year Love Will Kill All plus two new songs and one re-recorded from the band's first EP.
 Ibhayibheli Liyindlela is an album by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo. It was released in 1984 and was a religious release focusing on songs such as Ujesu Wami (My Jesus) and Ibhayibheli Lami (My Bible). The album (#BL 472) was recorded on March 7 1984 and released on March 26 of that year.
 It's a Jungle Out There is the first full-length album by Mastedon the studio project formed by brothers John & Dino Elefante. It was released in 1989 on Regency Records while they were setting up their own label Pakaderm Records.
 Live at Lollapalooza 2007: Clap Your Hands Say Yeah is a live album by Clap Your Hands Say Yeah recorded on August 4 2007 at the Lollapalooza Music Festival at Grant Park in Chicago IL.The album was released on iTunes on September 18 2007. Its only available format for purchase is digital download; no CD or vinyl release is available.All proceeds from this downloaded benefit VH1's Save the Music Foundation.
 Subway Serenade was the second and final album released by the band Looking Glass.
 Living a Dream is the third album by Welsh mezzo-soprano Katherine Jenkins released on 31 October 2005 in the UK. It charted at number 4 on the UK Albums Chart and at number 1 on the UK Classical Album Chart.
 Rude Awakening is the first live album by American heavy metal band Megadeth. The album was released by Sanctuary Records in 2002 and is the last release before the band broke up in 2002.
 EP is an EP by Luna.
 She Says (Chinese: 她說) is Singaporean Mandopop Singer-songwriter JJ Lin's Eighth Mandarin studio album. It was released on 21 January 2011 by the Ocean Butterflies Music and distributed by Avex Taiwan.In this album JJ Lin will be covering 10 songs that he had written for other female singers. Some of these songs includes five songs which he performed at the Golden Melody Awards ceremony this year.
 Music @ Work is the seventh full-length album by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip. It was released in 2000. It won the 2001 Juno Award for Best Rock Album. The album has been certified 2 X Platinum in Canada.
 The Silence Of December is the first full length album from Deinonychus (band). It was released in May 1995 yet recorded in 1994. The album was released on Cacophonous Records from the UK.
 Lost Jewlry is the twelfth mixtape by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member Raekwon. It was released on January 15 2013 for free. The album features guest appearances from Faith Evans Freddie Gibbs Altrina Renee and Maino and includes production from Scram Jones Buckwild and more. It was released in promotion of his forthcoming studio album F.I.L.A. (Fly International Luxurious Art).
 Big Boss Man is an album released in 2005 by the Southern American country rock band The Kentucky Headhunters. It is composed of twelve cover songs. The album's singles were Big Boss Man Chug-a-Lug and Take These Chains from My Heart all of which failed to chart. Four Hank Williams covers are included as well: Honky Tonk Blues Take These Chains from My Heart Hey Good Lookin' and You Win Again.
 For True is a studio album by American jazz musician Troy 'Trombone Shorty' Andrews. The album was released on September 13 2011 on Verve Forecast Records as a follow up to his major label debut Backatown (2010). It reached number 1 on the Billboard Jazz Albums Chart and was his first album to chart on the Billboard 200.
 Tanto (So Much) is the second studio album by Spanish singer-songwriter Pablo Alborán. It was released in Spain on November 6 2012. The album peaked at number one in Spain and Portugal. Tanto is the follow-up to Alborán's debut album Pablo Alborán (2011).
 Humor Risk is the sixth full-length album by Cass McCombs. It was released on November 8 2011 just seven months after the release of McCombs' previous album Wit's End. In an interview with the Pitchfork website McCombs said the two albums were made simultaneously. He explained: Wit's End was started years ago and it slowly made its way to the finish line. Humor Risk was just punched out. They're friends but they're different.
 Bombshell is an album by King Creosote released in 2007.Regarding the album Kenny Anderson states that:The new ones are pretty much my insecurities or paranoia of whatever I'm going through at this part of my life. I've got a daughter now she's 8 and there's a song Church as Witness about a fall out she and I had and yeah there's others coming from a sort of older period in time just about all different things really. They are some comedy things on there.
 Flesh and Bone is the fifth studio album by singer/songwriter Richard Marx. It was released in 1997 and was Marx's final studio album released on the Capitol Records imprint. (Marx returned to EMI-Capitol in 2004.) This album peaked at #70 on the Billboard album chart and sold approximately 250000 copies in the United States. The single Until I Find You Again reached #3 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart and peaked at #42 on the Billboard Hot 100 in the spring of 1997.
 Identisick is the fourth studio album by the death metal band Benighted from France. It was released by Adipocère Records on February 10 2006.
 Beautiful Chaos: Greatest Hits Live is a live album by Psychedelic Furs. It was released on November 2001 by Sony Records. It contains the single Alive (For Once In My Lifetime).
 Sandy & Junior (aka. Sandy & Junior Internacional) is the debut international album released by brazilian pop duo Sandy & Junior in 2002. The album has songs sung in english and also versions of some songs in Spanish and French. It was released worldwide by Universal Music viewing an international career to the duo GOLD in Portugal 2X PLATINUM in Brasil success in MTV Italiaand others countries FranceEspanhaGermany...
 One Too Many Hearts is the third EP by American indie pop duo The Bird and the Bee. It was released digitally on February 12 2008 by Blue Note Records. Inara Bird George provided lead vocals for the four tracks while Greg Bee Kurstin plays the guitar and also produces the EP.
 Jamelia – The Collection is a greatest hits album by British R&B singer Jamelia. The album was released on July 27 2009 on EMI and Emi Gold Records.
 Beau Brummels '66 is the third studio album by American rock group The Beau Brummels and their first on Warner Bros. Records. The album consists of twelve cover songs and no originals. Autumn Records the band's previous label had sold the band to Warner Brothers in early 1966.
 Judy at Carnegie Hall is a two-record live recording of a concert by Judy Garland at Carnegie Hall in New York.This concert appearance on the night of April 23 1961 has been called the greatest night in show business history. Garland's live performances were big successes at the time and her record company wanted to capture that energy onto a recording.
 Booker 'n' Brass is an album by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin featuring performances recorded in 1967 for the Pacific Jazz label.
 Gone Fishing is the 2009 hip hop mixtape by Midwest rap duo The Cool Kids and their second official mixtape after 2007's That's Stupid!. The album was executive produced by Jonathan J.P. Keller and Chuck Inglish while the album was mixed by Don Cannon. The mixtape was released on May 5 2009 as an appetizer for their forthcoming album When Fish Ride Bicycles.
 Spin One is a four-track EP released by Australian synthpop rock band Icehouse in June 1993. It was issued by Massive Records. Three tracks Shakin' the Cage Dedicated to Glam and MLK are also on the double CD remix album Full Circle released in December 1994.
 Cause for Alarm is the second full-length studio album from New York hardcore band Agnostic Front. It was released in 1986 on Relativity/Combat Records and follows 1984's Victim in Pain. The album is still available on a split release with Victim in Pain on the same disc.
 Like Father Like Son is a collaborative studio album by Birdman and Lil Wayne. The album was released on October 31 2006 through Cash Money Records and Universal Records. Guest appearances include Fat Joe T-Pain Rick Ross Tha Dogg Pound and All Star Cashville Prince. Producers included Swizz Beatz Scott Storch and more. The album's first single is Stuntin' Like My Daddy for which there is a music video as well. The second single released from the album is Leather So Soft.
 Lik My Trakter (pronounced like my tractor) was the first full-length album by The Waltons released in 1992. Initially released independently the album received a national release later the same year on Warner Music Canada. The album was produced by John Switzer. Guest musicians on the album included Kim Deschamps and Anne Bourne.The singles Colder Than You In the Meantime and The Naked Rain were notable chart hits for the band.
 Miss Sánchez is the sixth studio album by Spanish singer Marta Sanchez. This is her first album produced by Carlos Jean and is also her first studio album since Soy Yo released on 2002. This album received gold status on Spain nine weeks after its release after selling 40000 copies [1].
 The Essential Toni Braxton is a compilation album by the American recording artist Toni Braxton in Sony BMG's The Essential series. Released in February 2007 it follows the earlier compilations Ultimate Toni Braxton released in 2003 and Braxton's Platinum & Gold Collection released in 2004. The Essential is a 2 disc album with thirty-six of Braxton's best songs.
 Man with a Movie Camera is an ambient soundtrack by Biosphere for Dziga Vertov's 1929 film Man with a Movie Camera commissioned by the Tromsø International Film Festival in 1996. This soundtrack was released later in 2001 as a bonus disc of Substrata 2 with two bonus tracks (The Eye of the Cyclone and Endurium) from the Japanese version of Substrata.
 Rock 'n' Roll is the sixth studio album by John Lennon. Released in 1975 it is an album of late 1950s and early 1960s songs as covered by Lennon. Recording the album was problematic and spanned an entire year: Phil Spector produced sessions in October 1973 at A&M Studios and Lennon produced sessions in October 1974 at Record Plant Studios (East). Lennon was being sued by Morris Levy over copyright infringement of one line in his song Come Together.
 Outlaws & Angels is an album by American country and western musician Willie Nelson. It was released on September 21 2004 by the Lost Highway label. The performances come from a 2004 Willie Nelson Special aired on cable television; guests include many well-known musicians.
 Medium Rare is a compilation album by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones released on December 18 2007 on Big Rig Records. It contains three new songs nine previously unreleased tracks and some rare B-sides. This is also the band's first release since they went on hiatus in 2003.
 Breakin' News is the eighth album by E-40 released on September 9 2003 on Sick Wid It and Jive Records. Soundscan reported that the album sold 50000 copies in its first week on shelves.The song Act A Ass featuring singer Rankin Scroo (with uncredited vocals from rappers Kaveo & Young Mugzi) is featured in the film Be Cool (2005).
 Danava is the debut album released by psychedelic rock band Danava. It was released on October 31 2006 by Kemado Records on CD and LP.
 Pretty Girl is the second mini-album by K-pop girl group Kara. It was released on online music sites and on CD on December 4 2008.
 The Best of Jay Sean is a compilation album by British R&B singer Jay Sean. The album was released in Japan on February 22 2012 by Victor Entertainment. The album features guest appearances from Thara Lil Wayne Craig David Sean Paul Lil John and Sway.
 Salut Joe! Hommage à Joe Dassin is an album containing 13 reinterpretations of Joe Dassin's most famous songs. It was released on February 7 2006. Its total length is 00:45:52.
 First Kaleidscope [sic]: Kimi no Uchi ni Tsuku made Zutto Hashitte Yuku is the first extended play by Japanese group Garnet Crow. The extended play was released on December 4 1999 by Tent House.
 The Trilogie – Three Journeyes Through the Norwegian Netherworlde sometimes shortened to The Trilogie is a box set of albums by Norwegian black metal band Ulver. It contains vinyl picture disc versions of their first three full-length albums which together encompass the band's black metal phase.
 Venus Hum is an album by the electronic pop music group Venus Hum released on April 24 2001 through Mono Fi Music.
 enigmatic LIA is Lia's third studio album and first Happy Hardcore album. It was released and produced by queens label.
 Honestly I'm Doing Okay is the third EP from the emo band The Spill Canvas. It was released on May 13 2008 as a digital EP.
 Time Again is a 2003 smooth jazz album by saxophonist David Sanborn.
 The Wurst of P. D. Q. Bach is a collection of works by Peter Schickele under his comic pseudonym of P. D. Q. Bach originally recorded on the Vanguard Records label by the composer. It includes lowlights from four different Vanguard albums: An Evening with P. D. Q. Bach (1807–1742)? An Hysteric Return: P.D.Q. Bach at Carnegie Hall Report from Hoople: P. D. Q. Bach on the Air and P. D. Q. Bach's half-act opera The Stoned Guest.
 Jug & Dodo is a double album pianist Dodo Marmarosa with saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1962 and released on the Prestige label in 1972.
 Fast Movin' Train is the fourth studio album by American country music group Restless Heart. It was released by RCA Nashville in 1990. The title track Dancy's Dream When Somebody Loves You and Long Lost Friend were released as singles. The album reached #6 on the Top Country Albums chart and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
 The Spoils is the debut studio album by an American band U.S.S.A.. It was written and produced by Paul Barker and Duane Denison.
 Abraxas Pool is a 1997 album by ex-Santana members Mike Shrieve Neal Schon Gregg Rolie José Chepito Areas Alphonso Johnson and Mike Carabello.
 Ramblin' Fever is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard released in 1977. It was his first on the MCA label after recording for Capitol Records since 1965. It reached Number 5 on the Country album chart. Ramblin' Fever was reissued on CD in 2002.
 Yuvvh is a Malayalam music album released in 2012 by Sony music.
 Hidden Treasure is the title of the second studio album by Isis Gee. It was released in Poland on September 17 2007 by Universal Music Polska. In light of her participation in the 2008 Eurovision Song Contest the album was subsequently released in select countries in Europe Japan and the United States.
 Small Revelations is an album by American singer/songwriter Chris Smither released in 1997. Emmylou Harris recorded his song “Slow Surprise” for the Horse Whisperer soundtrack CD.
 'Souvenir' is the full length debut album by Canadian singer/songwriter Kristy Thirsk. It was produced by Eric Rosse and released in 2003. It was later re-released via Maple Music with a bonus track.
 Product of Society was the debut album by the American thrash metal band Defiance. It was released in 1989 on Roadracer Records. It was the only album by Defiance to feature Ken Elkington on vocals and had cover art by Ed Repka.
 Seven Seals is the sixth album by the German power metal band Primal Fear released in November 2005. Seven Seals is the first album with artwork which does not contain a scene depicting their bird-of-prey mascot but instead a logo based upon it (a burning version of which is also seen on their next studio album New Religion). The album is about the battle between Heaven and Hell and how angels and demons will be affected by it.
 Desaparecido is the first full-length studio album from Italian rock band Litfiba though the band had previously released five EPs or singles. It is the first part of the Trilogy of power. The music is much British new-wave influenced though the lyrics are in Italian.Desaparecido is mostly a hard rock album influenced by new wave.
 Beautiful Things is the second studio album by Circa Survive's vocalist Anthony Green. It was released on January 17 2012 and peaked at No. 27 on the Billboard 200 chart.The album features Keith Goodwin Dan Schwartz and Tim Arnold from the band Good Old War as his backing band.An early mix of the song Big Mistake was released digitally on July 7 2011.The first single Get Yours While You Can was released on November 15 2011.
 Never Enough is the third album by singer/songwriter Melissa Etheridge released in 1992 (see 1992 in music).
 Distortion was the third release from Game Theory a California power pop band fronted by guitarist and singer-songwriter Scott Miller. Released in 1984 this five-song EP was produced by Michael Quercio of The Three O'Clock. It was reissued on CD in 1993 by Alias Records as part of the compilation album Distortion of Glory.
 We Were Exploding Anyway is the fourth studio album by 65daysofstatic. It was recorded in Sheffield while mixing and mastering took place in New York. It was released on 26 April 2010 in Europe and the United States and on 19 May in Japan. It was their first album to be released on Hassle Records.
 Weltenkraft (English: Worldpower) is the debut album of the German folk metal band Finsterforst.
 The Beatles' Second Album is the Beatles' second Capitol Records album and their third album released in the United States including Introducing...
 Flesh of My Flesh Blood of My Blood is the second album released in December 22 1998 by rapper DMX six months after his debut album It's Dark and Hell is Hot. It entered the charts at number one (and stayed there for 3 consecutive weeks) with 670000 units shipped in the first week. The album eventually went 3x Platinum in the US.
 Other People's Problems is the sole album by The Upper Room. It was released in the United Kingdom on May 29 2006.The album art an image of the United Kingdom made up of green dots was based on a survey taken of O2 customers. The size of the green dots indicates the percentage of people who have a garden in each area and the shade represents the percentage of seasonal affective disorder sufferers in each area.The tracks All Over This Town and Black and White were released as singles.
 Sunsets & Sushi: Experiments in Spectral Deconstruction is David Crowder Band's first studio EP. It contains remixes of eight songs from their 2003 release Illuminate.
 The music of the video game Final Fantasy III was composed by regular series composer Nobuo Uematsu. Final Fantasy III Original Sound Version a compilation of almost all of the music in the game was released by Square Co./NTT Publishing in 1991 and subsequently re-released by NTT Publishing in 1994 and 2004.
 Yes L.A. was a one-sided silkscreened picture EP released in 1979 (see 1979 in music) on Dangerhouse Records (catalog number EW-79) featuring Los Angeles based punk rock bands Black Randy and the Metrosquad Eyes Bags The Alley Cats X and Germs. The title is a parody of the seminal No Wave compilation album released a year earlier No New York and even went as far as including the disclaimer Not produced by Brian Eno on the record.
 Spin the Wheel is the second album album by Irish girl group Bellefire. It was released in Asia around July 2004 and the singles garnered high radio airplay and chart positioning. This led to the band touring South East Asian countries including The Philippines Malaysia Thailand and Hong Kong.
 Remember June is the third studio album by Australian Idol 2006 winner Damien Leith. It was released by Sony BMG in Australia on 9 October 2009. The first single from the album was To Get To You.
 Mascara and Monsters: The Best of Alice Cooper is a compilation album by rock singer Alice Cooper released by Warner Archives/Rhino in 2001 in the United States only.
 Apocalypse is the self-titled debut album by the Brazilian progressive rock band founded by Eloy Fritsch and friends in order to participate in a student festival in 1983 though with a different lineup. The trio of musicians signed with Acit Records in 1990 and traveled to Porto Alegre to record their first release. The material on Apocalypse was written mostly by keyboardist Fritsch.
 Everybody Wants to Be on TV is the second studio album by the English band Scouting for Girls. It was released on 12 April 2010 through Epic. The first single on the album debuted on the Scott Mills BBC Radio 1 show on 15 January 2010. The album artwork was released on 19 January 2010. It is the second time that producer Andy Green has collaborated with Scouting for Girls to produce an album.
 A Picture of Nectar is the third official studio album and first on a major-label by the American rock band Phish released on February 12 1992 through Elektra Records. The album is dedicated to Nectar Rorris the proprietor of Nectar's in Burlington Vermont where Phish played their first bar gig followed by a series of monthly three night stands saying that the experience taught us how to play.There are two versions of the album's cover.
 Golden Time of Day is the second album by Bay Area-based R&B group Maze. Released in 1978 on Capitol Records.
 Some Things is an album of dance songs by the Belgian trio Lasgo.
 Evolution (The Most Recent) is an album by American blues artist Taj Mahal.
 The Hillmen is a studio album by The Hillmen a southern California bluegrass band originally known as The Golden State Boys. The Hillmen consisted of Chris Hillman (later of The Byrds The Flying Burrito Brothers Manassas and The Desert Rose Band) on mandolin country singer/songwriter Vern Gosdin on guitar and lead vocals his brother Rex Gosdin on double bass and Don Parmley (later of the Bluegrass Cardinals) on banjo.
 Bob Dylan: the Collection was the third iTunes complete digital album following The Complete U2 and The Complete Stevie Wonder. It came with 763 songs and a 100-page digital booklet. The price was only $199.99 although iTunes usually charges $0.99 per song. This package was removed from iTunes in December of 2009.
 L'Amour Toujours is the third studio album by Italian DJ Gigi D'Agostino released in 1999. Both single and two-disc versions were released. Another Way L'Amour Toujours (I'll Fly with You) The Riddle La Passion and Bla Bla Bla were released as singles. L'Amour Toujours (I'll Fly with You) reached 78th place on the Billboard Hot 100 in September 2001. In addition the album reached No. 9 on the Billboard Dance/Electronic albums in 2001.
 Follow The City Lights is the sixth album from Spanish band Dover. The band took a turn in their career to edit this album with an electronic character.This time the leaders of the group Cristina Llanos and Amparo Llanos alongside programmer and drummer Jesús Antúnez are joined by Samuel Titos a newly signed bassist for the band. Since March 2006 they had begun talking about a new style.
 Lyricist Lounge Volume One is the first installment of Rawkus Records Lyricist Lounge album series based on the Lyricist Lounge showcases in New York. The double-disc compilation features De La Soul Mos Def Q-Tip Tash of Tha Alkaholiks Punch & Words O.C. Ras Kass Black Thought Common Pharoahe Monch Saul Williams Kool Keith Talib Kweli & Hi-Tek Bahamadia Rah Digga Shabaam Sahdeeq Jurassic 5 KRS-One Zack de la Rocha of Rage Against the Machine Last Emperor and Company Flow.
 Testimony is the debut studio album of singer/songwriter Dana Glover.Released in October 2002 the album reached #43 on the UK Album Charts and produced two singles which both cracked the top 30 on ranking charts. Thinking Over reached #17 on the AC charts and #22 on the Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks charts and Rain reached #30 on the Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks charts.In 2004 Thinking Over was used for the Garry Marshall film Raising Helen.
 Capítulo II: Brinca (English: Chapter II: Jump) is the second studio album by Mexican-American recording artist DJ Kane. It was released on September 13 2005 by EMI Latin.
 Miles Away But Getting Closer is the second EP by Scottish post-hardcore band Yashin released on July 15 2008. It was later released on iTunes on August 9 2008.It is the last release to feature original vocalist Michael Rice who departed the band in November 2008.
 Cho Oyu 8201m – Field Recordings From Tibet is an ambient album released by artist Biosphere under his real name Geir Jenssen. Recorded in 2001 it was released in 2006.
 The Prophecy is the second studio album by English Gothic rock band Nosferatu. It is the band's first album to feature lead vocalist Niall Murphy. The album reached Number 14 in the UK Independent Charts in November 1994.It is the bands 2nd best selling album realising in excess of 13000 copies sold worldwide. The US release contains an extra track titled Sucker for Love.
 Gateway to the Mysteries is the debut album of Eden released in 1990 through Elysium Records.
 The Second Stage Turbine Blade is the first studio album released by rock band Coheed and Cambria. It was originally released on February 5 2002 through Equal Vision Records. It is the second part of a five-part tetralogy telling the story of The Amory Wars. It was re-released on September 20 2005 and included three previously unreleased bonus tracks.
 American Idol Season 5: Encores is compilation album released on May 23 2006 and contains one cover song from each of the top 12 finalists during season 5 of the television show American Idol. It is the only American Idol album that does not feature an ensemble track by all the contestants and is the first year in which several individual finalists made the popular music charts. The album sold over 154000 units in its first week according to Nielsen SoundScan.
 Twilight as Played by The Twilight Singers is the first album by The Twilight Singers. It was released by Sony Music Entertainment in 2000.
 Long Hair and Tights is a split live album by Japanese band Boris and U.S. band Doomriders. It was released in 2007 by Daymare Recordings. It was released as a double LP and limited to 1000 copies (500 red vinyl 500 yellow vinyl). The cover features a homage to the classic Judas Priest album cover Screaming for Vengeance. The first 300 copies of the record came with a Doomriders vs. Boris stencil.
 Without Your Love is the first solo studio album by American witch house recording artist and producer oOoOO. It was released June 24 2013 by Nihjgt Feelings.Without Your Love is following two previous successful EP efforts by oOoOO oOoOO EP and Our Loving is Hurting Us. Mouchette was inspired by the French art house film of the same title by Robert Bresson.
 Listen to the Silence is a live album by George Russell originally recorded in 1971 and released on the Italian Soul Note label in 1983 featuring a performance by Russell with Stanton Davis Jan Garbarek Terje Rypdal Arild Andersen and Jon Christensen with vocal chorus.
 Trick is the seventh studio album released by J-Urban singer Koda Kumi. It was released on January 28 2009 available in CD and CD+2DVD format. The CD contains ten previously unreleased songs as well as the CD singles Moon Crying That Ain't Cool Taboo and Stay with Me. The first DVD contains the music videos for Moon Crying That Ain't Cool Taboo Stay with Me Show Girl and Just the Way You Are.
 Fopp is the second EP by the American rock band Soundgarden released in August 1988 through Sub Pop Records. Fopp was later combined with the band's first EP Screaming Life (1987) and released as the Screaming Life/Fopp compilation album in 1990.
 On the Spur of the Moment is a 2011 release by Brainstorm. It is the band's ninth studio full-length release.
 Barry Harris Plays Barry Harris is an album by pianist Barry Harris performing his own compositions which was recorded in 1978 and released on the Xanadu label.
 Makin' Hay is the second studio album by Canadian country music group Farmer's Daughter and was released in 1996 by Universal Music Canada.
 Rocky Votolato is the 1999 debut release from Seattle singer-songwriter Rocky Votolato. Originally released in 1999 these songs were recorded in a basement with two microphones over a 4-hour period. Although written between 1996 and 1997 it wasn't until 2008 that the album became accessible when it was re-released by Second Nature.
 Live in LA is a live album by former Yes guitarist Trevor Rabin released on February 4 2003 through Voiceprint Records. It was recorded in late 1989 during Rabin's tour for Can't Look Away his third studio album released earlier that year.
 Accept Your Own and Be Yourself (The Black Album) is the only full-length album released under producer No I.D.'s name. It was put out by Relativity Records in 1997.Production is done entirely by him except Original Man (co-produced by Dug Infinite) Sky's the Limit (Inf Mix) (produced by Dug Infinite) and Sky's the Limit (co-produced by Spike Rebel). He raps on most of the tracks; Dug Infinite is also featured on most of them. Common and Syndicate also make appearances.
 Será is the 12th studio album recorded by Spanish band Presuntos Implicados released on September 16 2008. The album was the first since the departure of Sole Giménez in 2006 and marked the debut of new singer Lydia.
 A Broken Frame is the second studio album by the British synthpop group Depeche Mode released in 1982. The album was written entirely by Martin Gore and recorded after the departure of Vince Clarke who had left the band to form Yazoo with singer Alison Moyet. Alan Wilder was part of a second tour in the United Kingdom occurring prior to the release of this album but he had not officially joined the band and thus does not appear on the album.
 Remembering Merle is the title of a recording by American folk music artists Doc Watson and Merle Watson released in 1992. The songs were all recorded live between 1970 and 1976.
 Cymande is the fourth studio album by British funk group Cymande released in 1981.It is their only album released through Paul Winley Records.It was reissued in 2001 and 2009.
 Listen to Me: Buddy Holly is a tribute album to rock ‘n roll pioneer Buddy Holly in celebration of what would have been his 75th birthday in 2011. The album was released by Verve Forecast in the United States on 6 September 2011 (Holly's birthday was 7 September 1936) and by eOne Entertainment on the same date in Canada.
 Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by American rock musician Lenny Kravitz released on October 24 2000. The album featured an unreleased track for promotion called Again which became a hit reaching number 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 following a very successful string of hits from the album 5.Kravitz reported in an interview for VivaMusic.com that the selection of the songs were led by his record company Virgin Records which only chose the songs that were successful on the charts.
 Il Grande Viaggio Di Gigi D'Agostino Vol. 1 (English: The Great Journey Of Gigi D'Agostino) is the second compilation album by Italian DJ Gigi D'Agostino released on 17 December 2001 through NoiseMaker / Media Records.
 Sheel Oyoonak Anni (Arabic شيل عيونك عني) - released in 2001 - was the second Album by Nancy Ajram. The title of the album which is also a song on the album translates Take your eyes off me. All songs were written by Issam Zgheib and Wissam Al-Amir arranged by Elie El-Alia.A video was released for the title track Sheel Oyounak Anni Her breakthrough came with the album which followed in 2003 - Ya Salam.
 Another Day on The Terrace is the first full length album by German electronic composer and producer Roger-Pierre Shah released under his alias 'Sunlounger'.
 A Show of Hands is a live album by the Canadian rock band Rush released in 1989. The band released a video of the same name originally on VHS and laserdisc the same year. A DVD version was released as part of a box set in 2006 and as an individual DVD in 2007.
 Televisão (Television) is the second studio album released by Brazilian rock band Titãs. It is the first album to feature Charles Gavin on drums after André Jung's departure. Unlike the previous album the music of Televisão is more pop-rock oriented.
 The Living End's Live At Festival Hall captures The Living End's State of Emergency tour concert in Melbourne on 19 May 2006 and as the title suggests at Festival Hall.
 Simple Soul is the fifth studio album by Eddi Reader released in the UK on 29 January 2001.The album is a lot more stripped down than its predecessor Angels and Electricity being predominantly folk and acoustic based. Many of the songs were co-written with longtime collaborator Boo Hewerdine.The album came about when Reader wanted to try her new recording equipment mixed with friend and former Fairground Attraction drummer Roy Dodds' new equipment.
 Heaven on Earth is an album by American organist Larry Young recorded in 1968 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Un tour ensemble is a live album of music written and sung by Jean-Jacques Goldman. It was released by Columbia Records in 2003. It was also released on DVD. It was certified platinum in France for sales of 300000 copies.
 Liberation is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Mýa Harrison. It was intended to be Harrison’s debut release with her then new record label Universal Motown following her departure from Interscope in 2005. Before leaving she had begun work on an album for Interscope called Control Freak set for a summer release 2005 with production by a host of other producers.
 We Are Not the Infadels is an album by Infadels released in 2006.
 BS&T 4 is the fourth album by the band Blood Sweat & Tears released in 1971. It peaked at number 10 on the Billboard Pop albums chart.David Clayton-Thomas left as lead vocalist to pursue a solo career after the release of BS&T 4 as did founding members Dick Halligan and Fred Lipsius. Clayton-Thomas would return to the lineup for New City.
 Rising is a 1996 album by avant-garde artist Yoko Ono. Released on 18 January on Capitol Records it features the backing band IMA (Japanese for Now) which included Ono's son Sean Lennon Timo Ellis and Sam Koppelman. The album has sold 11000 copies in the US to date.
 For use of the phrase by Ronald Reagan and United States' conservatives see Evil empire.Evil Empire is the second album by American rap metal band Rage Against the Machine. It was released on April 16 1996 almost four years after the band's self-titled debut album.
 Wish is the second studio album by Japanese-pop singer Yuna Ito. The album was released on 20 February 2008 on Studioseven Recordings Sony Music Japan. Wish was released in two versions CD-only and CD-DVD version. In its first week 49000 copies were sold. Wish has been certified gold by RIAJ for shipment of 100000 copies in Japan.
 O R C A S is the self-titled debut full-length album from American dreampop duo Orcas.
 Just like You is an EP released by Poster Children in 1994.
 Kuolemanpalvelus (English: Ceremony of Death) is the third studio album by the Finnish death metal band Sotajumala. It entered the Finnish billboard charts at position 6 on its release week.
 Nirvana is a studio album by American saxophonist Charles Lloyd recorded mainly in 1965 but not released on Columbia until 1968.
 The Classical Conspiracy is the second live album released by the Dutch symphonic metal band Epica. The recorded live show took part in Miskolc Hungary on June 14 2008 in the framework of the Miskolc Opera Festival where the swedish symphonic metal band Therion had done a similar show a year before. Epica performed on stage with a 40-piece orchestra and a 30-piece choir entirely composed of Hungarian musicians conducted by Zsolt Regos.
 Talking Heads (also known as Brick) is a box set by rock band Talking Heads containing the band's eight studio albums in DualDisc format with videos and previously unreleased material. Remixed by Jerry Harrison in Advanced Resolution 5.1 Dolby Surround Sound Brick is the first DualDisc release of an artist's entire back catalogue.
 Heimweh nach Tahiti (Homesick for Tahiti) is the ninth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. This is the last of the Flippers' studio albums with singer Roland Bausert.
 Sitti Live! is the first live album by Philippine bossa nova singer Sitti Navarro released on September 15 2006. The concert was recorded live at the Ortigas Park in Pasig City Metro Manila.The album was released in a digipak.
 Wipers Box Set is a compilation box set comprising remastered reissues of the Wipers' first three albums: Is This Real? Youth of America and Over the Edge. The collection includes 23 bonus tracks including six previously unreleased songs as well as liner notes by Greg Sage. It is the Wipers last release to date.
 Luminescence is the first album from the British electropop band Neon Highwire. It was released on Health Bomber.
 Getinghonung (English: Wasp's honey) is a 1974 album by Dutch-Swedish singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk.
 The Cloud of Unknowing is the fifth studio album from James Blackshaw and takes its title from a medieval book. It was released in the United States on June 5 2007.
 The John Denver Collection is a 5-CD compilation of music performed by American singer-songwriter John Denver. It was released in 1995.
 Day by Day with Cilla is the title of Cilla Black's seventh solo studio album released in 1973 by Parlophone Records. The album marked the end of a significant era in Black's recording career as it was her last project to be produced by George Martin who had worked on all of her recordings since her 1963 debut. It was also Black's final record released on the Parlophone Records label.
 The Companion of My Rival is a 2008 EP by The New Amsterdams. It was released as a companion to their album At the Foot of My Rival.
 The Art of Breaking is the third studio album by Christian rock band Thousand Foot Krutch that was released by Tooth & Nail Records in July 2005. The band diverges even farther from the rap-rock from their past albums omitting rap segments almost entirely in favor of a more mainstream rock sound or traditional heavy metal elements. The single Move received moderate mainstream success reaching No. 16 on Billboard's mainstream rock charts in early 2006.
 Terium is the titled of sixth album by the Christian Power metal band Seventh Avenue It was released in 2008.
 Your Face or Your Kneecaps is the first release by hip-hop producer RJD2. It is a 39-track DJ mix composed mostly of obscure funk records from the 1970s and 1980s that are beat juggled to extend certain drum heavy parts of the songs. Layered on top of the music are also a few hip-hop a cappellas and vocal clips from the classic New York City hip-hop film Wild Style.
 Lateralus (/lætəˈrælɪs/) is the third full-length studio album by American rock band Tool. It was released on May 15 2001 through Volcano Entertainment. The album was recorded at Cello Studios in Hollywood and The Hook Big Empty Space and The Lodge in North Hollywood between October 2000 and January 2001. David Bottrill who had produced the band's two previous releases Ænima and Salival produced the album along with the band.
 The Best Of Yolanda Adams is an album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams.
 The Best Mixes from the Album Debut for All the People Who Don't Buy White Labels (stylized as the best mixes from the album-debut for all the people who don't buy white-labels) is the first EP and remix compilation by Björk originally released through Polydor Records in September 1994. The collection contains six remixes of four tracks from Björk's 1993 album Debut (Human Behaviour One Day Come to Me and The Anchor Song).
 Live Year 2004 is the third Live DVD released by the Japanese band Do As Infinity. The DVD contains concerts which were held at Dallas (2004.06.04) New York (2004.06.07) Hibiya Kokaido (2004.9.23) Osaka Yagai Ongakudo (2004.09.26) and Shibuya (2004.09.29).
 Diamonds On the Inside (2003) is Ben Harper's first work without crediting the Innocent Criminals in almost 10 years although all the touring members continue to support him on the album. On this album Harper brought on several new additions to his band the first being guitarist Nicky Panicci (aka Nicky P) in 2002 who is the first guitar player to be credited on a Ben Harper record. Panicci toured with Harper on the Diamonds on the Inside Tour for almost a year.
 Black Hearts & Jaded Spades is the third album by English hard rock band Tokyo Blade. It was originally released in 1985 on Tokyo Blade own record label and in the same year reissued by SPV/Steamhammer. The keyboard-laden compositions of this album and the strongly down-tuned guitar sound marks the complete detachment of the band from their New Wave of British Heavy Metal roots.
 The Size Of Food is an album by New Zealand band Jean-Paul Sartre Experience released in 1989.
 Encounters is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron and bassist David Friesen recorded in 1984 and released by the Muse label.
 Where No Life Dwells is the debut album by the Swedish death metal band Unleashed. It was released in 1991 by Century Media Records and was produced by Waldemar Sorychta who would go on to produce more Century Media acts such as Lacuna Coil. This album is considered as a classic among death metal fans.
 Y.R.N. (Young Rich Niggas) is a mixtape by American rappers Migos. It was released on June 13 2013. The album features notable guest appearances from rappers Gucci Mane Trinidad James Riff Raff and Soulja Boy. This mixtape is notable for the single Versace the single reached #99 on the Billboard Hot 100 #31 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs #23 on the Hot Rap Songs and #11 on the Top Heatseekers. Versace was placed in multiple year-end lists of 2013.
 Piñata is the second full length album of Mexican Institute of Sound and has samples of Mexican and Latin American folk music making one of the most particular sounds of Mexican Electronica.
 Everything's Getting Older is an album by Scottish musicians Bill Wells and Aidan Moffat. Mojo placed the album at number 17 on its list of Top 50 albums of 2011. On 19 June 2012 the album won the inaugural Scottish Album of the Year award beating artists such as Mogwai Happy Particles and Remember Remember to the £20000 prize.
 Partyball is the third album by Stan Ridgway and his last release by Geffen Records.
 Boozed Broozed & Broken-Boned is a DVD released by Heavy Metal band Black Label Society on August 12 2003. It was recorded at the Harpos Concert Theatre on September 14 2002 in Detroit Michigan. During the recording of the show the bar allegedly ran out of alcohol.
 Dying Sentiment is the first demo released by the death metal band The Mandrake. The album shows bits and pieces of the black metal style of music. It was released in 2001.
 They Were Wrong So We Drowned is the second album released by noise rock band Liars released in 2004.The album takes the form of a very loose concept album concerning witchcraft upon The Brocken (a mountain) during Walpurgis Night and tales of witch trials in the area around the Harz Mountains in Germany.
 The Essential Collection (1975–1982) is a compilation album by the American band Poco released in 1997.
 Vision Valley is the third studio album by Australian rock band The Vines. It was released on 1 April 2006 through EMI Records. It is the band's first album without bass guitarist Patrick Matthews who left the band in 2004.
 Human Butt is the fifth live spoken word album by Henry Rollins released in 1992 by Quarterstick Records. It was reissued with new artwork on 2.13.61 Records on February 3 2009. It is made up of recordings from 1989 and 1990 from Chicago IL Santa Monica CA Hamburg Germany and Lausanne Switzerland.On the 2009 reissue track listing Hated is not listed and it shows Decoration as the first track of disc two.
 Another Mayberry is the first album by Colorado rock band Big Head Todd and the Monsters released in 1989. The album was released on the band's own Big Records which also released their second album Midnight Radio the following year.After the success of the band's third album and first major label effort Sister Sweetly Warner Bros. Records re-released Another Maybery in 1994.
 Absolutes is the second album by Christian rock band Stavesacre.
 De Bohemia is the title of a studio album released by Colombian performer Charlie Zaa. This album is a tribute to Cuban performer Orlando Contreras and was recorded by Zaa after his temporary retirement from the music business where he was admitted to a clinic to treat problems with panic attacks and depression. Zaa recorded the album after being convinced by his wife to do so.The album debuted at number 38 in the Billboard Latin Albums chart the week of October 8 2011.
 We Came to Kill is the second studio album by German band Funker Vogt released in 1997.
 Snow is the sixth studio album of the progressive rock band Spock's Beard and the final album with main songwriter and vocalist Neal Morse who left immediately after the release of the album due to his conversion to Christianity. A double-CD concept album Snow explores similar ground to classic concept albums like The Who's Tommy and The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway by Genesis. It was released in 2002 on InsideOut Music.The CDs are done in the HDCD format.
 America's Volume Dealer is the sixth album by Corrosion of Conformity and was released September 26 2000. This was the last album to feature longtime drummer Reed Mullin for 9 years until his return in 2010.
 Last Stop Suburbia is Allister's third release on Drive-Thru Records released on October 1 2002.
 Man in the Moon is an L.A. Guns album. Long-time vocalist Phil Lewis and guitarist Mick Cripps returned for this album. It is the only L.A. Guns album with bass guitarist Muddy.
 Valusia is the seventh release and third EP by Zola Jesus released on October 15 2010 by Sacred Bones Records.
 Primitive Cool is the second solo album by The Rolling Stones lead singer Mick Jagger and was released in 1987. As the follow-up to Jagger's 1985 success She's the Boss Primitive Cool was another attempt by Jagger to make him a solo star.
 Hymns/Spheres is an album by American pianist Keith Jarrett released in 1976 by the ECM record label recorded at the Benedictine Abbey in Ottobeuren Germany. This solo album consists of improvisations on the massive Karl Joseph Riepp Trinity Baroque pipe organ.The original double vinyl album was not reissued on compact disc until 2013. There is also a CD (Spheres ECM 1302) with a selection of tracks: Spheres (1st 4th 7th 9th Movement).The 3rd movement was used in the movie Sorcerer.
 Blood Brothers is the 1995 London Studio Cast recording of the Willy Russell musical Blood Brothers. The album features David Cassidy Shaun Cassidy and Petula Clark. The album was the second release of a Blood Brothers cast recording; the earlier version featured the 1988 cast.
 Heavenly is the third album released by L'Arc-en-Ciel on September 1 1995.
 Mr. Music Originally is an album by Pablove Black originally released in 1979 by Studio One the Motown of Jamaica.
 Flaws is the second studio album by the British alternative rock band Bombay Bicycle Club released on 9 July 2010 by Island Records. Unlike the band's previous releases the album is entirely acoustic music consisting of versions of their own tracks as well as cover versions of other artists. The album was produced in part by the guitarist Jamie MacColl's father Neil MacColl with recording taking place in February 2009 at The Church in Crouch End London.
 The Link is the second album released by the French metal band Gojira. A re-mastered edition of the album was released in 2005 by the band's former label Listenable Records. The track Indians was released as a single.In late September 2012 Listenable Records released the album in vinyl format. A strictly limited edition of 250 copies available in two colors black and red.
 Believe is a 2001 gospel album released by Yolanda Adams featuring the singles Never Give Up and I'm Gonna Be Ready. This was Adams' final release on Elektra Records before the company folded. The track Fo' Sho' was done with labelmate Karen Clark-Sheard and was Sheard's first release after her near death experience. The first track Never Give Up is said to be a response to the September 11th attacks.
 America – South Africa is a 1991 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago and the Amabutho Male Chorus released on the Japanese DIW label in association with Columbia Records. It features performances by Lester Bowie Joseph Jarman Roscoe Mitchell Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye with vocals by Elliot Ngubane Kay Ngwazene Welcome Max Bhe Bhe Zacheuus Nyoni and Joe Leguabe.
 Imaginaerum is the seventh studio album by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish. According to Nightwish songwriter Tuomas Holopainen the album is a concept album that tells the story of an old composer who is reminiscing of his youth on his deathbed. The album was produced alongside the movie of the same name directed by Stobe Harju who previously directed Nightwish's The Islander music video and the album and the film share the same themes and general story.
 Mal/3: Sounds is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1958 and released on the Prestige label.
 Leave Your Soul to Science is the sixth studio album by Melbourne band Something for Kate released in September 28 2012. The album debuted at No.5 on the ARIA Charts. The album was produced by John Congleton whose previous credits include Okkervil River Shearwater and The New Pornographers and recorded at his Elmwood studio in Dallas Texas. Frontman Paul Dempsey told The Age the band had been looking for someone to tell them when enough was enough.
 Tender Togetherness is a 1981 Jazz album by tenor saxophonist Stanley Turrentine which was released on Elektra Records. The album was produced by former Earth Wind & Fire member Larry Dunn and featured a cover of EWF's After the Love Has Gone. Tender Togetherness peaked at number 10 on the Jazz Albums chart.
 Pebbles Volume 10 is a compilation album among the CDs in the Pebbles series.
 All That Sounds Gas is the 2001 debut album from Preston School of Industry.The album presently holds a score of 72 out of 100 from aggregate review website Metacritic.
 Alone Together is a free jazz album by Terumasa Hino. It was released in 1970 under Columbia Records as part of the Takt Jazz Series.
 The First 10 Explosive Years Volume 2 is a 2001 compilation album by British rock band Atomic Rooster.Whilst being a very good compilation for fans of the band it consists entirely of unlicensed tracks whose copyright is owned by Sanctuary (who purchased the B&C and Dawn catalogues) EMI and Polydor Records.It has been reissued and repackaged at least once: in 2004 it was teamed with The First Ten Explosive Years [Volume 1] and released on the Recall Records label (a subsidiary of Snapper Music) as a double CD titled Tomorrow Night.
 'A' vs. Monkey Kong is the second album by the British alternative rock band A released via Tycoon Recordings/London Records on September 9 1999.
 Chuck Berry's Golden Decade is a three volume compilation of music by American rock musician Chuck Berry released by individual volumes in 1967 1973 and 1974. Covering the decade spanning 1955 and 1964 each volume consisted of a two-LP set of 24 Chuck Berry songs. The first volume reached #72 on Billboard's Pop Albums chart. The second volume peaked at #110.
 New Boy EP is an extended play released by the American pop/rock band The Connells. Along with the title song the EP included the Jethro Tull cover Living in The Past and two tracks recorded live at Purple Dragon Studio in Atlanta GA for broadcast on Live X (WNNX).
 Litania is an album by Polish jazz trumpeter and composer Tomasz Stańko featuring compositions by Krzysztof Komeda recorded in 1997 and released on the ECM label.
 Music at the Speed of Life (stylised as Music @ the Speed of Life) is the eighth studio album by Mint Condition. It is their second recording for the indie label Shanachie Entertainment.Music at the Speed of Life has contributions from a couple of veteran musicians such as former Prince saxophonist Eric Leeds and hip hop legend DJ Jazzy Jeff.
 Star Bright is the fourth studio album and first Christmas album by Vanessa Williams released in the US on November 5 1996 on Mercury Records. It achieved critical acclaim and success as one of the best-selling holiday albums of 1996 and '97.
 Children 5 and Up is the debut by Floridian punk group Jack Off Jill. A majority of the songs on the demo were rerecorded for the group's debut album Sexless Demons and Scars which was released in 1997. Children 5 and Up was limited to two hundred cassette copies and was self-released by the band. The artwork was hand-drawn by Jessicka aside from the front cover which depicted a woman receiving a pelvic examination. The inside cover has several dictionary definitions of the word cunt.
 After God's Own Heart is a Contemporary Christian Music album by Steve Camp and was released by Sparrow Records in 1987. This album is best known for featuring his version of the song Revive Us O Lord which he co-wrote with Carman (who recorded the song on his 1985 album The Champion)
 Telescope is the twenty-ninth album by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle. It was recorded live at Cairo in Würzburg Germany on 12 June 2003. Unusually for a Circle live album it was not released immediately but in a 2007 double CD edition from Sunhair. It is the longest album that Circle have released to date though it contains only six tracks all long improvised pieces similar to those released in the on-going series of limited edition vinyl-only live releases.
 Coconuts Plenty of Junk Food is an EP by CocoRosie released on June 3 2009. The EP was independently self-released and only available to be bought at CocoRosie’s 2009 Summer Tour.
 Exit the Dragon is the fifth album by American alternative rock group Urge Overkill. Exit the Dragon is characterized as being a darker album than their previous album Saturation. The song The Break was featured in the Daria episode I Don't.
 Let It Go is the long-awaited fifth studio album by Pittsburgh band The Clarks released on June 20 2000. The album outsold many major national releases in the Pittsburgh area and generated huge local radio hits. The release was the band's first on Razor & Tie the New York-based minor rock label. Let It Go has been critically acclaimed despite being unknown to rock fans in most parts of the country.
 Megales stigmes (Greek: Μεγάλες στιγμές; English: Great times) is the name of a double studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. It was released on August 29 1984 by PolyGram Records in Greece. This album was issued in mono and stereo. The stereo version of this album was released on a 2-CD set in the 1990s with fewer tracks and a new cover by PolyGram.
 Now That's What I Call Music! 75 or Now! 75 is a double-disc compilation album released in the United Kingdom on 29 March 2010. The album is the 75th edition of the (UK) Now! series and is available on CD and downloadable formats.Now 75 features nine songs which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: Bad Romance Meet Me Halfway Everybody in Love Replay Pass Out In My Head The Climb Everybody Hurts and Fireflies.
 Out of Control is an album of material by The Crossfires later known as The Turtles.
 Canciones Del Solar De Los Aburridos is an album by Rubén Blades and Willie Colón released by Fania Records in 1981.
 Hits from the Bow is the debut album by Arsonists Get All the Girls released February 6 2006 through Process Records. Re-released on January 27 2009.The title of the song Scobra vs. Cupcake: Battle of the Bulge is a reference to Robert Scobie (ex-Moria drummer) and Joel Haston (the band's tour manager).
 Barricades & Brickwalls is the second studio album by Australian country music singer Kasey Chambers released in Australia on 3 September 2001 by Essence Records and on 12 February 2002 on Warner Bros. Records in the U.S. The album was mainly written by Chambers with help from Worm Werchon and her father Bill Chambers. Barricades & Brickwalls debuted in the top ten on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart and sales were considerably high of those of Chambers first album The Captain (1999).
 The Supreme Oppressor is the second EP released by Reading Metal band Sylosis.
 Tong Gwo Hong Hung (糖果航空; Candy's Airline) is Candy Lo's 7th studio album. It was released on 25 June 2003. For this album Candy Lo continued her collaboration with long-time friend and producer Kubert Leung with whom she also worked on previous albums such as Fantasy.
 Old Enough to Know Better is the debut album of American country music artist Wade Hayes. Released in early 1995 on Columbia Records it produced a Number One hit on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts in its title track; the singles I'm Still Dancing with You Don't Stop and What I Meant to Say were also Top Ten hits on the same chart. The album itself was certified gold by the RIAA for US shipments of 500000 copies.
 Amazing Love is one of the many albums of Christian worship music recorded by Graham Kendrick. This Contemporary Christian album was recorded live Findlay Memorial Church in Glasgow Scotland and released in 1990 by Integrity/Hosanna! Music/Sparrow/Star Song/Columbia/Sony.
 From janet. to Damita Jo: The Videos is the second music video compilation released by American pop entertainer Janet Jackson.
 The Postmarks is an album by The Postmarks released in 2007.
 The Classic is the fifth regular studio album released by the American artist Joan as Police Woman (aka Joan Wasser) on March 10 2014 through PIAS.
 Face of Collapse is the second album by Dazzling Killmen released on March 14 1994 through Skin Graft Records.
 For What It's Worth is an EP by New Jersey hardcore punk band Ensign. It was released in October 2000 by Nitro Records and was the band's second release for the label following their first full-length album after leaving Indecision Records Cast the First Stone. It was recorded in June 2000 in New York and at the same time the band produced two further tracks which appeared on the Death By Stereo/Ensign Split 7 (EP) on Indecision Records in December 2000.
 Caught Off Guard is the first official album by Much the Same. At the time the band was called Don't Look Down. This EP is now out of print and only available at DownloadPunk.com with a bonus track from the same recording session.
 De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas is the first full-length studio album by Norwegian black metal band Mayhem. Songwriting began as early as 1987 but due to the suicide of vocalist Per Dead Ohlin and murder of guitarist Øystein Euronymous Aarseth the album's release was delayed until May 1994. De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas is widely considered one of the most influential black metal albums of all time.
 Snypaz is the third and final album released by the rap group Snypaz. It was released on November 19 2002 for Rap-A-Lot Records and was produced by Mr. Lee Mike Dean and J. Dubb. Unlike the group's previous album this was not a success.
 Something Else is the thirteenth studio album by American rapper Tech N9ne. The album was released on July 30 2013 by Strange Music and RBC Records. The album is broken up into three portions — Earth Water & Fire.Production of the album was handled during 2012 and 2013 primarily by frequent collaborator Seven among others such as Young Fyre Drumma Boy and Fredwreck.
 Welcome to the Real World is the debut studio album by the rock band Sick Puppies. The album was released only in Australia on 3 September 2001 as an enhanced CD with the Every Day music video featured as a 'multi-media component'. The album's 3000 copies that were pressed were only sold in Australia making it very valuable - and only available - on the second hand market. The album was released with the Every Day single on some pressings.
 Le petit Gonzales is an album by Dalida. It was her very first big step in the rock and roll world. It contains big hits like Le petit Gonzales (one of her biggest since 1958's Gondolier) Que sont devenues les fleurs ? Je l'attends La leçon de twist and Achète-moi un juke-box.
 Muzyka Dla Imigrantów was an EP by Bogdan Raczynski released on the Rephlex label. The CD was limited edition and only available originally through www.bogdanraczynski.com. Three of the tracks are also available on his album Myloveilove. The title means 'Music For Immigrants' in Polish and most of the text on the album cover is in Polish.
 Ratnik Za Ljubav is the fifteenth studio album by Mile Kitić. This album was supposedly his big breakthrough and the first of all albums leading up to 2005 that sold over 500000 copies. This album sold under 1 million copies but spawned one of the greatest folk songs of ex-yu music Kraljica Trotoara.
 'Forever Diana: Musical Memoirs' is a four-CD box set of recordings by the singer Diana Ross released by Motown in 1993.In addition to all of her eighteen #1 hits the seventy-seven track set contained five previously unreleased tracks.Disc 1 collects Ross' greatest hits with the Supremes from 1962 to 1969 disc 2 covers her early solo career from her eponymous debut album through to the 1978 soundtrack The Wiz disc 3 her disco era hits with Chic and her recordings for the RCA label up until 1985's Chain Reaction all in chronological order. 
 Oxygen is the second album by American group Wild Orchid (featuring R&B hip hop pop rap and pop singer Stacy Ferguson Stefanie Ridel and Renee Sandstrom) released in 1998 (see 1998 in music). The album was the group's first commercial failure only selling 200000 copies worldwide.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by The Style Council released in 2000 eleven years after their split. It was re-released 14 April 2003. It contains their most of their singles in chronological order. It reached 28 in the UK Album Charts.It is the band's second greatest hits album eleven years after The Singular Adventures of The Style Council. Greatest Hits differs from the latter as it has all the band's singles usually in 7 format and in chronological order.
 Fuck Texas Sing for Us is a live album released by British rock band New Model Army on 17 November 2008.The tracks on this album were recorded at a variety of venues during the High tour of 2007/2008. The title of the album is taken from an audience chant that preceded the encore in New Orleans at the Hi Ho Lounge.
 Life on the Wire is British jazz fusion duo Morrissey–Mullen's fourth album. It was released in 1982 reaching number 47 in the UK Albums chart.
 Tribe is an extended play from the metal band Soulfly. This EP was only released in Australia on a tour Soulfly was on.
 Pure Chewing Satisfaction is an album by Lard released in 1997.
 Big Soul is the debut album of American Garage punk band The Original Sins released in 1987 through Bar/None Records.
 Ai to Hate (English: Love and Hate) is the only EP released by Nana Kitade's band Loveless. It was released under the German label Spark & Shine. It is described as a mini-album with 5 brand new tracks in which Nana Kitade goes beyond the cultural boundaries of J-Rock while artistically reinventing herself in the process.
 Blank-Wave Arcade Remixes is the first remix album by the indie rock band The Faint. It was released on May 29th 2000. The LP was released as a picture disc in limited quantity (approximately 1000 copies).
 Mimesis released on April 23 2008 on Spinefarm is the second album by the Finnish alternative rock band End of You. You Deserve More is the only single. This album includes Goldeneye's cover by Tina Turner from the soundtrack of GoldenEye.
 Lešće is the eighth studio album of Serbian singer Aca Lukas which was released in 2008.
 In 1989 tenor saxophonist Stan Getz recorded a couple of sessions for A&M Records. But the results were shelved in favor of Apasionado an orchestrated latin jazz suite that was released in 1990. These sessions recorded by A&M and issued for the first time on Verve Records show Getz playing bossa nova and ballads in his later years. It also highlighted the compositions of Kenny Barron who worked with Getz towards his last years.
 Le Bing is a 1953 (see 1953 in music) album by Bing Crosby. It was Crosby's first long-playing album and was released by his longtime label Decca Records. Le Bing is a concept album where all the songs are sung in French.Crosby recorded the album in Paris on May 16 1953 during an extended visit to Europe that spring. He had filmed parts of the movie Little Boy Lost in France the previous year.
 Let It Snow: A Holiday Collection is the second full-length Christmas album from Jewel released on September 24 2013.
 Stay is Jeremy Camp's second studio album and his first major-label studio album released in 2002.
 The first studio album by the 7 Shot Screamers. Released June 12 2001 on 7 Shot Records.
 Party Musical: Tribute to Raven-Symoné is a tribute album to R&B and pop singer Raven-Symoné consisting of cover versions and other hits by Symoné and other artists recorded by a group known simply as the Hit Crew.
 Live at Carnegie Hall: The 50th Anniversary Concert is a live album by Patti Page released through the record label DRG in 1998.
 We Are All One is an album by Michael Falzarano. It was released by Woodstock Records on October 28 2008.Michael Falzarano is a rock guitarist singer and songwriter. He is best known as a member of the New Riders of the Purple Sage and before that Hot Tuna. He has also played with other bands and recording artists both live and in the studio. We Are All One is his third album as a band leader after Mecca (1996) and The King James Sessions (2006).
 Painting The Roses is the third and final album by Canvas. Track five Thursday is a cover version originally by the band Morphine. The album was produced by Johnny Goudie.
 Best of the Family Brown is the second compilation album by Canadian country music group Family Brown. It was released by RCA Records in 1980.
 Breakin' Away is an album by Al Jarreau released on June 30 1981 through the Warner Bros. Records label. To cite Allmusic Breakin' Away became the standard bearer of the L.A. pop and R&B sound.The album was certified Platinum by the RIAA.
 Long Way Home is a 2006 CCM album by singer/songwriter Ginny Owens.
 The Singing Kettle: Singalong Songs From Scotland is a record containing 17 children’s songs. This is The Singing Kettle's first recording to be widely distributed outside the United Kingdom. The songs are performed by Cilla Fisher Artie Trezise and Gary Coupland. Also joining in on this recording are Kevin MacLeod and Jane Fisher.
 For the Sake of the Call is the fourth album released by contemporary Christian music singer Steven Curtis Chapman. The album was released in 1990 by Sparrow Records.The won the 1992 Grammy Award for Best Pop/Contemporary Gospel Album and the Gospel Music Association award as Pop/Contemporary Album of the Year[citation needed] and was RIAA-certified as Gold on December 6 1994.[citation needed]
 At the Conclave is the debut album by the avant-garde metal band Divina Enema.
 Garage Flower is an album by The Stone Roses.The album was recorded in mid-1985 and was produced by Martin Hannett collecting the band's early songs.The album wasn't released at the time because the band were unhappy with the production and songs. Some regard the production as being of poor quality particularly with regard to bass.
 The Christmas Spirit is the first Christmas album and seventeenth album by country singer Johnny Cash released on Columbia Records in November 1963. It contains four original Christmas songs written by Cash and eight tracks originally penned by other artists including Blue Christmas Silent Night and Little Drummer Boy.
 From Finish to Starting Line is an EP by the San Diego California band Counterfit released on Negative Progression Records in 2001. It was the band's first proper studio EP and included new recordings of two songs which had first appeared on their demo EP On the Downside.
 Sedes - live is the third album of Polish punk rock band Sedes
 The Oracle formerly known as Saints & Sinners is the fifth studio album by American Heavy metal band Godsmack released in the U.S. on May 4 2010.The Oracle is the first Godsmack album to be produced by Dave Fortman. The Oracle also marks the first Godsmack studio album to be released since 2006's IV. The span of over four years between the fourth album and The Oracle marks the longest gap between studio albums in Godsmack's career.
 Acid Reflex is the sixth studio album by rapper Paris. It included the single and video Don't Stop the Movement to promote the album. Acid Reflex features guest appearances from Public Enemy George Clinton and T-K.A.S.H.
 Four on the Floor is the fourth EP by Australian rock band The Living End. It was a limited edition release in 2003 six years after their previous EP Second Solution / Prisoner of Society which was the best selling Australian single of the 1990s and spent a record-breaking 69 weeks on the ARIA Top 50.
 Late Night Tales: Belle and Sebastian Vol. II is the 27th release in the Late Night Tales series of DJ mix albums compiled and mixed by Scottish band Belle & Sebastian. It was released on 26 March 2012.
 Farmer's Angle is an EP by Jim Jupp under the pseudonym of Belbury Poly. It was released in 2004 on CD-R and was the first release on the Ghost Box Music label.
 Paris — Palais des Congrès: Intégrale du spectacle is a 1995 live album featuring the performers Charles Aznavour and Liza Minnelli recorded at the Palais des congrès de Paris.The album features two full sets from the performers with Minnelli and Aznavour also performing together on several tracks.
 Backbone is the second album by jazz saxophonist Boney James released in 1994.
 Griff & Lock is an album by saxophonists Eddie Lockjaw Davis and Johnny Griffin recorded in 1960 and released on the Jazzland label.
 Narben der Zeit is the second album from the band Erben der Schöpfung.
 Darker Days is third studio album by the Dutch symphonic metal band Stream of Passion released in 2011 on Napalm Records.It is the first album with drummer Martijn Peters. All producing engineering mixing and mastering were made by former After Forever keyboardist Joost van den Broek.
 The ATL Project is the debut studio album by ATL released on May 31 2004.
 Do It Now! (subtitled Worry 'Bout It Later) is the second album by American guitarist and keyboardist Clifford Coulter recorded in 1971 for the Impulse! label.
 Ours Is the Kingdom is the fourth album by English metal band Forefather. Its title is a play on the line of the Lord's Prayer For thine is the kingdom the power and the glory. The lyrics of the track are a statement against Christianity and a defiant will to reclaim the English kingdom from an alien God. The cover art depicts a dead crusader warrior an image meant to symbolize Christian decay.Our hearts lie not in heavenNor Eastern desert sands.
 偷 Stolen Moments is the 15th studio album by Hong Kong singer Prudence Liew. This is the second in a series of three cover albums to be released by Liew in three different languages: the Mandarin album Love Addict was previously released in June 2011 and an untitled English album in 2013.
 Over the Hills and Everywhere is the second Christmas EP album by Seabird. The EP was released on October 15 2010.
 Melvin Live is the first live album by Juno Award winning Canadian singer-songwriter Melanie Doane. It was recorded at the Horseshoe Tavern in Toronto in January 2001.
 Wild and Free is the fourth solo studio album of Jamaican singer Ziggy Marley. The album was released on June 14 2011. Wild and Free was produced by Don Was at Ocean Way Studios in Hollywood California.
 Shion (志恩) is an album released by Mucc on March 26 2008 it was released in the United States on November 25 2008 and the United Kingdom on October 13 2008. The UK edition featured a live version Libra (which was previously released on the Flight single) and the video for Fuzz. The album reached number 13 on the Oricon chart. The song Fuzz also appears in the American movie Cloverfield.
 Snakes in the Playground is the fifth album by the band Bride. Seen by critics as the best release of Bride's hard rock era Snakes in the Playground is commonly known as the breakthrough album in the band's career. This album would produce for the band more touring press appeal and two GMA Dove Awards for best song.In 2010 HM Magazine listed Snakes in the Playground at No.
 Finding Favour EP is the debut EP from Christian band Finding Favour. The album released on March 12 2013 by Gotee Records and the producers on the EP are Dustin Burnett Rob Hawkins and Christopher Stevens. This EP had two singles that were commercially and airplay successful Slip On By and Shake the World and it got positive critical reception.
 Shebaba is an album by Brazilian guitarist Bola Sete released in 1971 through Fantasy Records. It was his final album for Fastasy and has yet to be issued on CD.
 Happy Hour (1988) is an album released by the British jazz fusion duo Morrissey–Mullen. It was to be their last studio album and was followed by a compilation album released after Dick Morrissey's death Everything Must Change: The Definitive Collection.
 Joshua Judges Ruth is the title of Lyle Lovett's fourth album released in 1992.While the album does not have one theme that binds all the songs several tracks deal with high concepts such as religion (Church) and death (Family Reserve & Since The Last Time). Lovett's renowned sense of humor and whimsy are temporarily set aside in favor of reflective musings on heartbreak and loss.
 The Darker Instinct is the third album by the Swedish rock band Takida. It was recorded at Big Island Sound in Stockholm Sweden. The album was released on September 2 2009.The album entered the Swedish album chart at No. 1 and was certified gold after just one week of sales.The album charted for a total of 41 weeks and was certified platinum during 2010.
 Heartbeat is a 1991 album by Ryuichi Sakamoto.
 Beatnuts Forever is the second of three greatest hits albums by hip hop group The Beatnuts. It was released by Relativity Records in 2001 shortly after the release of Take It or Squeeze It. It contains songs from The Beatnuts' first four albums as well as its two EP's. It most heavily borrows from Take It or Squeeze It and least heavily from The Beatnuts: Street Level. The album does not feature the song Beatnuts Forever and only contains one exclusive Beatnuts track Intro.
 Gracias Por La Música is a 1980 album by Swedish pop group ABBA. Gracias Por La Música was originally released due to the unexpected surge in popularity for the group in Latin American countries such as Mexico and Argentina after the release of the Spanish-language versions of Chiquitita and I Have a Dream in 1979. These tracks were both released as singles and went on to become big hits.
 Salad Days is the final EP by the American hardcore punk band Minor Threat. It was released in July 1985 two years after the band's breakup through Dischord Records with the catalog number DIS 015. The EP differs somewhat from the band's previous material. All songs are slower making a slight departure from the group's hardcore punk style. Tracks Good Guys (a cover of a song by The Standells) and Salad Days both feature an acoustic guitar and Salad Days also has chimes.
 Climax is the sixth album by The Ohio Players and the last they would record for the Detroit-based Westbound label. They were signed to Mercury by the time Climax hit stores perhaps the reason why it features only five new songs (with the other three pulled from previous albums).
 Pleasant Screams is the eighth album by pop punk band The Queers and the sixth album released on Lookout! Records before they rescinded their master rights from the label. It was reissued by Asian Man Records with bonus tracks all from the Today EP.
 Dreamt for Light Years in the Belly of a Mountain is the fourth and final album by Sparklehorse before Mark Linkous' death in 2010. It was released September 25 2006 on Astralwerks Records.
 Kentucky Hearts is a studio album by American country music band Exile. It was released in 1984 via Epic Records. The album peaked at number 1 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. Just in Case was later a number 1 hit for The Forester Sisters whose version appears on their 1985 self-titled debut album.
 More News for Lulu is the second album of hard bop compositions performed by John Zorn George Lewis and Bill Frisell. Like the previous News for Lulu it features tunes by Kenny Dorham Hank Mobley Freddie Redd and Sonny Clark but also contains with one tune each by Misha Mengelberg and Big John Patton. The album was recorded live in Paris and Basel. It was released in 1992 on the Swiss Hathut Record label.
 ¡All-Time Quarterback! was the first release of Ben Gibbard's solo project ¡All-Time Quarterback!. A limited number of the CD EP was released on Elsinor Records and is now out of print. All of the tracks from this release were collected and re-released by Barsuk on 2002's ¡All-Time Quarterback! along with a number of tracks from The Envelope Sessions. The original CD EP release came with two inserts: one blue insert containing the lyrics and one orange insert with the credits.
 Road Trips Volume 2 Number 2 is two-CD live album by the American rock band the Grateful Dead. The sixth in their Road Trips series of albums it was the first to contain a complete concert — the February 14 1968 show at the Carousel Ballroom (later known as the Fillmore West) in San Francisco California.
 Flight 602 is the sixth album released by Aim and the first released on his own ATIC Records independent record label. It is Aim's fourth album of studio material the other two being DJ mix albums. It was released on 25 September 2006. Several tracks were co-written by and feature vocals from ATIC label-mate Niko.The album's title is named after the flight that Charles Bukowski took to his first poetry reading in Germany.
 Bloc Party is an EP compilation of Bloc Party's first two UK-only singles: She's Hearing Voices and Banquet/Staying Fat. Released on 24 May 2004 it was Bloc Party's first V2 Records EP. It was released later in Japan in August 2004 and then in the United States by Dim Mak Records in September of the same year.
 The Definitive Collection by Deadstar is a collection of their most popular songs from their three albums. It was released on Festival Mushroom Records in Australia and New Zealand on 17 August 2004 but was quickly withdrawn due to an objection by vocalist Caroline Kennedy.
 Live in Italy is the third installment of the Official Bootleg series from the 21st Century Schizoid Band. It is the first album to feature new drummer Ian Wallace who replaced Michael Giles earlier that year.
 Hungry is an album of worship songs from Vineyard Music Group. It was recorded live in London England and produced by Brian Doerksen and Nigel Hemming. This particular album is copyrighted by Vineyard Songs (UK/Éire) which would indicate that this came from the UK Vineyard Group.This album was originally released as Hungry in 1999 by Vineyard Music UK Ltd. The album achieved platinum status in this incarnation.
 Moo You Bloody Choir is the third studio album by the Australian indie rock band Augie March. It was released in 2006 in Australia by BMG. It entered the ARIA album charts at #10 and was nominated for Album of the Year at the ARIA Music Awards of 2006 losing to Tea & Sympathy by Bernard Fanning.
 Archives is a compilation album by Darkest Hour released on October 3 2006 through A-F Records.The disc includes tracks from the band's first two independent EPs 1996's The Misanthrope and 1999's The Prophecy Fulfilled. The audio for this release was re-mastered from the original master tapes. Unlike the band's more recent material the following early work of Darkest Hour is much more hardcore orientated metalcore.
 Hope in a Darkened Heart is a 1986 album by Virginia Astley produced primarily by Japanese musician and composer Ryuichi Sakamoto. The album is noted for featuring former Japan singer David Sylvian on the track Some Small Hope and for an alternate version of A Summer Long Since Passed which was originally included on Astley's From Gardens Where We Feel Secure album. An additional track Le Song (A Day A Night) along with lyrics and a biography is available on the Japanese issue.
 Frankie Ballard is the self-titled debut of American country music singer Frankie Ballard. It was released on May 24 2011 (see 2011 in country music) via Reprise Records Nashville.
 At the Village Vanguard is a live album by jazz drummer Paul Motian recorded at the Village Vanguard and originally released on the German JMT label. Recorded in 1995 it features performances by Motian with Bill Frisell and Joe Lovano. The album was rereleased on the Winter & Winter label in 2005.
 Think Out Loud: Music Serving the Twin Cities is a compilation album where 100% of the album profits go directly to serving the homeless in the Twin Cities through charitable giving to agencies like Sharing and Caring Hands and St. Stephens.The project was launched and produced by Tyler Blanski a Minnesota writer and musician.
 Man Alive is the fourth full-length album by the Israeli punk rock band of the same name. It was released February 26 2008 on B& Recordings in the United States and Europe.
 Scarecrow Messiah is the sixth album by the band Bride and is the follow-up to their commercial successful album Snakes in the Playground. The album received a Dove Award for Hard Music Album of The Year at the 25th GMA Dove Awards in 1994. This is also the last album to feature bassist Rik Foley.
 Something Special – The Best of BigBang is a compilation of greatest hits of the Norwegian rock band BigBang released in Norway on December 3 2007.
 Golden Haze is an EP by American indie rock act Wild Nothing released on October 13 2010 on Captured Tracks. Released less than five months after the band's debut album Gemini (2010) Golden Haze was written and recorded by primary recording artist Jack Tatum.The tracks Golden Haze Take Me In and Your Rabbit Feet previously appeared on the EP Evertide.
 Songs From The Bilston House is the ninth studio album released by Guy Manning.
 Best Of 11-Twelve is the fifth album by Swedish pop singer Bosson. It was released in 2013.
 Pearls of Passion is Roxette's debut album released on 31 October 1986. It was re-released internationally on CD on 31 October 1997 with some previously unreleased or single-only bonus tracks. It was re-mastered and re-released again in 2009. The album was originally only released in Scandinavia and Canada.
 Natiruts Reggae Power Ao Vivo (Natiruts Reggae Power Live) is the first CD and DVD released by the Brazilian band Natiruts released in December 2006.Recorded at Credicard Hall in São Paulo on September 1 2005 and the disc which includes generally the band's career featuring the greatest hits along with Liberdade Pra Dentro da Cabeça and Presente de Um Beija-Flor and its recents Não Chore Meu Amor Quem Planta Preconceito and Quero Ser Feliz Também (as three hits on the disc Nossa Missão from 2005). 
 BiTrektual is the ninth album by Cuban American dark cabaret/dark wave singer Voltaire. It was released on September 2 2012 opening pre-orders from July 30 2012 on his website Voltaire.net until the official release. It is filled with Voltaire's Star Wars and Star Trek parody songs including Docking Bay 94 Yoda (a monologue) the songs on the album Banned on Vulcan from 2001 and the main track BiTrektual along with a Doctor Who parody song entitiled It's Bigger On The Inside.
 Koševo 19. Juli(Koševo July 19) is a DVD by Dino Merlin. It was released in January 2009. It has been recorded on July 19 on his concert in Sarajevo on stadium Koševo promoting his tenth studio album Ispočetka.
 Urban Legend is the third studio album by American rapper T.I. released on November 30 2004 through Grand Hustle Records and Atlantic Records.
 Diamanda Galas is the self-titled second full-length album by avant-garde[citation needed] performer Diamanda Galás released by Metalanguage Records. The album is now out of print.
 The Answer to the Question is Tree63's third album. The original version contains ten tracks; a later released expanded edition contains five additional tracks.
 Deadly Groundz is the debut album by the 5th Ward Juvenilez released on June 20 1995 through Rap-a-Lot Records. The album featured production from popular Southern hip hop producers Mike Dean and N.O. Joe. Deadly Groundz just managed to make it to the U.S. Billboard 200 peaking at 200 the last position on that chart. It found better success on the R&B and Heatseekers chart peaking at 28 and 9 respectively.
 Dear... is The Grace's second Japanese album released on January 9 2009. The title track Sukoshi de Ikara (少しでいいから) (A Little Bit of Good) was used as the movie Subaru soundtrack song. Tenjochiki's second studio album includes 2 singles released from July 2008 in Japan including the B-side of their 7th single Here: Near: Thoughtful 1220 and the album consists of a total of 9 tracks.
 Song of Betrayal Part Two was an album by Human Drama released by Triple X in 1999.
 The Tape of Only Linda is the second full-length album by The Loud Family led by guitarist and singer/songwriter Scott Miller. The title of the album is a reference to the notorious tape of a recording of a live performance of Hey Jude by Paul McCartney in which an engineer had isolated Linda McCartney's vocals.
 Dark Orgasm (2005) is a solo album by Julian Cope.
 Matador at Fifteen a packaged release consisting of a CD of greatest hits a CD of unreleased/rare tracks and a DVD of its artists' music videos was released by Matador Records on October 12 2004 to celebrate the 15th Anniversary of contemporary rock's most self-congratulatory record label.
 Leprosy is the second album by death metal band Death released in 1988. Notably different in tone and quality from the 1987 debut it is the first example of Scott Burns' work heard on many of the death metal and grindcore albums of that era. The cover is featured in Metal: A Headbanger's Journey.In a death metal special by the German Rock Hard Magazine Leprosy was voted the no. 1 of the 25 most important death metal albums of all time.
 Color Machine is an album by Boston-based rock group The Lights Out inspired from the tracks on their ep's The Lights Out (EP) and ¡Heist!. It was self-released in September 2009.
 Double Your Strength Improve Your Health & Lengthen Your Life is the third full-length album released by New Zealand band HLAH.
 I Care 4 U is a posthumous compilation album by American R&B recording artist Aaliyah. It was released on December 10 2002 by Blackground Records and Universal Music and features both album cuts and previously unreleased tracks and demos recorded between 1993 and 2001. Along with her hit singles a number of shelved tracks were included on the album including the singles Miss You Don't Know What to Tell Ya and Come Over.
 Otro Día Más Sin Verte is the Spanish language debut album by Jon Secada which was released in 1992 to coincide with the release of his self-titled album in English released in that same year. This was a very successful release being the first album to collect four number-one singles in the Billboard Hot Latin Tracks with the singles Otro Día Más Sin Verte (5 weeks) Angel (6 weeks) Cree En Nuestro Amor (2 weeks) and Sentir (2 weeks) plus the Top Ten hit Tiempo al Tiempo (#9).
 We Weren't Crazy is the second studio album from American country music artist Josh Gracin. Originally titled All About Y'all the album was slated for release in mid-2006 after the release of its debut single Favorite State of Mind. However the album release was delayed when the debut single failed to perform strongly on radio. A second single I Keep Coming Back was issued in early 2007 and the album's name was changed to I Keep Coming Back.
 Neulainen Jerkunen (1994) is the debut album of the Finnish rock group Absoluuttinen Nollapiste.
 Rock Legends: Volume 69 is a compilation of single tracks by the twee pop band Talulah Gosh.
 This article describes the 34th album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 34 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 34 or Now 34 was released in 1996 on vinyl audio cassette and Compact Disc. The album is the 34th edition of the (UK) Now! series.
 Booming Back at You is the fifth studio album by Dutch electronic musician remixer and producer Tom Holkenborg better known as Junkie XL. It was released on 11 March 2008 by Artwerk the joint venture of video game developer Electronic Arts and music company Nettwerk. The album was moderately successful in the charts reaching number eleven in the Billboard Top Electronic Albums and becoming Junkie's first album to chart in the United States.
 Gentlemen Start Your Egos is a 1991 album by anonymous Australian band TISM a compilation of material from TISM's first release the e.p. Form and Meaning Reach Ultimate Communion (1986) b-sides from singles for the Great Truckin' Songs of the Renaissance (1988) album and a live track from the Incontinent In Ten Continents (1991) video. The man on the front cover is former Footscray and Australian rules football legend Ted Whitten.
 This article is about the various music box sets. For the 1988 single see Nothin' but a Good Time. Poison - Box Set Collector's Edition is a three disc box set collection of songs from the hard rock band Poison. It was released in 2009 on Madacy Records the same year that the group toured with Def Leppard and Cheap Trick.
 Volume Contrast Brilliance... (subtitled Sessions & Singles Vol. 1) is a 1983 compilation of singles B-sides and previously unreleased recordings by The Monochrome Set.Its original sleeve was designed by Thomas W.B. Hardy also known as guitarist Lester Square.
 Rokk í Reykjavík was the soundtrack to the Icelandic TV documentary directed by Friðrik Þór Friðriksson during 1981-82 winter and released in 1982.The soundtrack which was released in April 1982 as a 2 LP released through Hugrenningur features the performances of several Icelandic bands of the post punk/New Wave scene.Bands such as Þeyr Tappi Tíkarrass (a band led by singer Björk) Purrkur Pillnikk (with Einar Örn Benediktsson as the front-man) among others were considered some of the most important bands at the moment.The image cover for this release is a picture of singer Björk performing with Tappi Tíkarrass.
 Redemption is the eighth studio album released by American Southern rap duo GRITS for the CCM market. It was co-produced by GRITS.
 One of Those Days is the first independent extended play from former Christian pop artist Joy Williams.
 Let It Be Me is the fourth studio album by the Australian singer Jason Donovan. It was released in November 2008 and was Donovan's first new studio album in 15 years. It reached no.28 in the UK.The album is a collection of cover versions of classic songs from the 1950s and 1960s with only the final track being an original. Brian Eno produced the bonus track Nobody But Me.
 Zen Arcade is the second studio album from the American punk rock band Hüsker Dü released in July 1984 on SST Records. Originally released as a double album on two vinyl LPs Zen Arcade tells the story of a young boy who runs away from an unfulfilling home life only to find the world outside is even worse.
 The More You Suffer is the fourth full length album by the Swedish metal band Carnal Forge.
 Jamaican E.T. is a reggae/dub album released by Lee Scratch Perry. The album was released February 5 2002 on the Sanctuary/Trojan label and won the 2003 Grammy Award for 'Best Reggae Album'.
 Disclaimer II is the second album released by the South African post-grunge music group Seether. This disc is a recompilation of the band's first album Disclaimer from 2002. Although the 12 tracks from the original album are present they have been slightly remixed and differ from the original. Also the majority of the remixed tracks feature additional lead guitar melodies with the addition of a permanent lead guitarist to the band's line-up prior to the release of the album.
 Classic Masters is a compilation album of songs by rock group Crowded House released in 2003.This album was only released to the American market and focuses more on songs that were popular in America than the songs on the international release Recurring Dream: The Very Best of Crowded House.
 Grand Caravan to the Rim of the World is the second studio album from American indie hip hop group 3 Melancholy Gypsys.
 Bei tempi is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Roberto Vecchioni released in 1985.
 Un Mas Dos is the second EP by American indie rock band Straylight Run released on September 16 2008. The EP is the band's first release since they were dropped by Universal Republic and since the departure of vocalist guitarist and pianist Michelle DaRosa. Straylight Run entered the studio on June 10 and was expected to finish work on the EP in around early August 2008.
 The Ghost Of Danny Gross is the third solo album by Martin Tielli released in 2009 on Six Shooter Records. It is the final album to be released in the 2003 Martin Tielli Subscription Series.
 This album is Kottonmouth Kings' self-titled album Kottonmouth Kings released on May 31 2005. The album is also known as No.7 because of it being the seventh full length album.The album peaked #50 on the Billboard 200 #21 on Top Rap Albums #2 on Top Independent Albums #50 on Top Internet Albums and #50 on Billboard Comprehensive Albums.
 Life Is a Grave & I Dig It! is the seventh studio album by the psychobilly band the Nekromantix released in 2007 by Hellcat Records. It is the group's only album to include guitarist Tröy Deströy and drummer Andy DeMize replacing brothers Peter and Kristian Sandorff who had left the band in 2005 after frontman Kim Nekroman's relocation to Los Angeles California from the band's home country of Denmark.
 In Full Effect is the third album by old school hip hop-electro funk group Mantronix and the first Mantronix album released on Capitol Records. In Full Effect was the highest charting hip-hop album for Mantronix reaching #18 on the 1988 Billboard Magazine Top R&B Albums chart. In Full Effect was also rapper MC Tee's final Mantronix album. According to the liner notes the album was the first-ever digital recording to be mastered from DAT rather than reel-to-reel tape.
 Occult Medicine is the third full-length studio album by the French death metal band Yyrkoon. It was released in 2006 on Osmose Productions records.
 Retropolitana is the eleventh album by the Portuguese band GNR. It was announced for the first time ever the April 21st 2010. The first single Reis do roque will be released for May 1st 2010.
 Oh Happy Day: An All-Star Music Celebration is a compilation album that features popular gospel songs and gospel-themed pop songs recorded by artists of multiple racial denominational and stylistic backgrounds. It won Best Traditional Gospel Album at the 2010 Grammy Awards.Some of secular music's top acts -- among them Queen Latifah Jon Bon Jovi Joss Stone and 3 Doors Down -- take a walk on the spiritual side for Oh Happy Day: An All-Star Music Celebration.
 Tidings is the third studio album by Allison Crowe released in 2003 (see 2003 in music) in EP form and expanded to full album length in 2004 (see 2004 in music). Recorded live-off-the-floor it is primarily an album of traditional songs of the season and Christmas carols alongside cover versions of some of Crowe's favourite songs of spirituality and redemption.This collection includes several songs by fellow Canadian songwriters along with international writers.
 Escape is Kim Hyung-jun's second Korean EP. It was released on July 10 2012 by S-Plus Entertainment and distributed by Direct Media. The album was also released in Japan and Taiwan.
 Grávido is a 1984 album by the Brazilian composer and singer Luiz Gonzaga Jr. better known as Gonzaguinha. It is considered an album of the maturity period of the artist and counts on the arrangements of Jota Moraes. It includes the hits Lindo lago do amor and Rosa povo.
 Best Of Vanilla Fudge is a best of album by the American psychedelic rock band Vanilla Fudge. It was released by Atco Records in 1982.
 The Confession (EP) is Orange County California metal band The Confession's first EP release released on October 11 2005.
 The Dandelion Sessions is the second album recorded by pop singer Aslyn following her 4-disc set The Grand Garden EP released in 2008. It was originally titled Wherever the Dandelion Falls but was changed as the new title reflected the album better as a whole.
 The Becoming was the debut studio album from Christian adult-contemporary musician Jenny Simmons which was produced by Paul Moak and released on February 5 2013 by Fair Trade Services. The album has seen commercial charting successes as well as positive critical reception from music critics.
 Night Flight is a studio album by Moody Blues frontman Justin Hayward released on Decca Records in 1980. It was reissued on CD in September 1989.The album came about as a result of Hayward's involvement in Jeff Wayne's musical adaptation of War of the Worlds. Wayne produced and arranged the album which proved to be one of the lengthiest recording experiences of Hayward's career. The music was mostly pop and dance oriented and most of the tracks were romantic love songs.
 Slunt is the debut extended play (EP) by American alternative rock band Slunt released on November 16 2004. All songs (except Inside) were later re-recorded for the band's debut album Get a Load of This in 2005.
 Dos was the first album recorded by the band Dos. It is a curious yet interesting double bass guitar side project for Mike Watt (of the Minutemen and Firehose) and his former wife Kira Roessler (from Black Flag). Formed as a vehicle to take the bass beyond its perceived background role and into the forefront of a band Dos also became a therapeutic experience in the wake of Roessler's departure from Black Flag and more tragically Minutemen D. Boon's sudden death on December 22 1985.
 O Love Is Teasin' is an EP released by former Belle & Sebastian member Isobel Campbell. The album was released on May 2006. It brings traditional songs from United Kingdom and songs written by Campbell.
 Sonnenheim is an album by Danish neofolk act :Of the Wand & the Moon. It was released in 2005 through Heiðrunar Myrkrunar.
 Black Noise is the third album by the German minimal techno artist Pantha du Prince and the first to be released on Rough Trade Records. It was released on February 8 2010. The track Stick To My Side features a guest spot from Noah Lennox of Animal Collective while Tyler Pope of LCD Soundsystem and !!! plays bass on The Splendour.
 Purple Reign in Blood is the third album released by the pop punk band Fenix TX. The album is a live recording and it marks their first performance together in almost four years. The album was released on November 8 2005. The show's encore was cut from the CD which is evident as the end of the CD fades out while the crowd chants the phrase One more song!.
 Party sto 13o orofo is the second album of the Greek rock band Trypes and their first with Virgin Records. It was recorded in September and November 1987 and released in the same year on LP and MC. It was re-released as a CD in 1991.
 It's All Right! is an album by jazz pianist Wynton Kelly released on the Verve label featuring performances by Kelly with Paul Chambers and Jimmy Cobb with Kenny Burrell and Candido Camero recorded in 1964.
 Our Live Album Is Better than Your Live Album is a 2-disc live album by ska-punk band Reel Big Fish composed of both an extended length Reel Big Fish live set list and a DVD of a March 2006 live show that also includes documentary footage on the band. The DVD portion was directed by Jonathan London who previously directed the music video for their song Don't Start A Band. Previews of the album can be heard on Reel Big Fish's MySpace.
 Rock H Design is the debut EP by Silent Drive.
 Incredible is the first and only studio album by girl group Clique Girlz. In promotion of the upcoming album an EP entitled Clique Girlz was released in April 2008. The band also released Incredible a single available for digital download on iTunes and other online music stores. They also released another EP entitled Smile to iTunes.
 The Eraser is the debut solo album by Radiohead lead singer Thom Yorke released on 10 July 2006. The album debuted at No. 3 on the UK Albums Chart and at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 in the United States selling over 90000 copies in its first week. Critical reception to the album was generally positive.
 Live! Live! Live! is a live EP by the Detroit Michigan punk rock band The Suicide Machines released in 1998 by Hollywood Records. It was a promotional EP released in preparation for their then-upcoming album Battle Hymns. It contains three songs recorded during performances on December 27 and 28 1997 at St. Andrew's Hall in Detroit. The first two songs are tracks that appear on Battle Hymns while the third Friends has not appeared on any other release.
 Love You Live is a double live album by The Rolling Stones released in 1977. It is drawn from Tour of the Americas shows in the US in the summer of 1975 Tour of Europe shows in 1976 and performances from the El Mocambo nightclub concert venue in Toronto in 1977. It is the band's third official full-length live release and is dedicated to the memory of audio engineer Keith Harwood who died in a drug-induced car accident shortly before the album's release.
 To Be Continued... is a 4 CD/4 cassette box set detailing Elton John's music from his days with Bluesology to the then-present day. Four new songs (Made for Me You Gotta Love Someone I Swear I Heard the Night Talkin' and Easier to Walk Away) were recorded for the box set.
 Strange - A Black and White Mode by Anton Corbijn is the second music video compilation by Depeche Mode featuring the first five Depeche Mode videos directed by Anton Corbijn released in 1988. Corbijn shot the entire video album in Super-8.The five videos are mostly in black and white except for some random megaphones that were colored red.
 Interpretaciones del Oso is a remix album by Minus the Bear released on February 20 2007 through Suicide Squeeze Records. Various artists reinterpreted and remixed songs from their second full-length Menos el Oso. Interpretaciones del Oso means Interpretations of the Bear in Spanish.
 New Boots and Panties!! is the debut album by Ian Dury released in the UK on Stiff Records on 30 September 1977. Usually thought of as the first album by Ian Dury and the Blockheads (his backing band from 1977 to 1982) the album is credited solely to Dury as the Blockheads were not officially formed until Stiff's 'Live Stiffs' package tour the month after the album's release and two members of the Blockheads do not play on the album.
 Another Atmosphere Preview is the fifth EP by American electronic duo VersaEmerge released on July 31 2012 as a digital download. The song Burn was added on March 26 2013. The EP is the last piece of content released as VersaEmerge now known as Versa.
 Greatest Hits Volume II is a compilation album released by Barry Manilow in 1989 on Arista Records. It was the second of a three-album series released that year along with Volume I and Volume III.
 Home is the second studio album by American electronic musician Nosaj Thing. It was released on January 22 2013.
 Super Light is the second album by the Israeli rock band Izabo released in July 3 2008 (2008-07-03).
 Who's Your New Professor is an album by Sam Prekop.
 Evil: Live is a live album released by the American band Lynch Mob in 2003.
 Mi La Le Mémoire Est Chasse La Mille Voix Têtes De Tête Dans De Sa Ris Neige: Le Monstre Absent is an EP by Et Sans. It was released in 2004 by Squint Fucker Press.The album is recorded onto a Mini CD which came in a plastic bag that was taped together. Like their debut album this EP is one song that is 20 minutes and 5 seconds long. The track takes its name from the EP title.
 Never Odd or Even is the debut solo album by The String Cheese Incident keyboard player Kyle Hollingsworth released in 2004. The album features Dave Watts (of Motet) on drums Ross Martin on guitar and Matt Spencer on bass. It also features guests Joshua Redman Robert Randolph and Michael Kang (of String Cheese Incident).
 Alles Wat Mal Is is the third album from the South African electronic group Die Heuwels Fantasties. It was released in 2012 by Supra Familias in South Africa.
 Last Mango in Paris is the fourteenth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett. It was released in June 1985 as MCA 5600 and was produced by Buffett and noted country music producer Tony Brown. The album represented continuation of Buffett's shift toward a more country sound begun with 1984's Riddles in the Sand. The title of the album is a play on the title of the 1972 movie Last Tango in Paris.
 Wide Awake Drunk is the first full-length album by Greg Connors released in November 2000 on Atlanta independent record label Scared Records. It features songs recorded in 1996-1997 in four different sessions. Four of the songs were recorded by cohort Joseph Arthur at his home studio in Brooklyn. Other songs were recorded by zod in Decatur Georgia two of which are covers of songs by Bob Dylan and Donovan.
 Format is a double-disc compilation album by English synthpop duo Pet Shop Boys. The album consists of B-sides from various singles released from 1996 to 2009 (Bilingual through Yes or Before to Did You See Me Coming?).
 Voice is a 2001 solo album by Journey guitarist Neal Schon. The album features instrumental versions of popular songs. It peaked at number 15 on Billboard's Top New Age album chart in the same year. In 2002 Voice was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Album.
 Blue Slipper is the 1987 debut album by Helen Watson.Like its follow up The Weather Inside the album is notable for its stellar cast of session musicians including Richie Hayward George Hawkins Paul Barrere Michael Landau Ethan Johns Bill Payne Bernie Leadon Jerry Donahue and Steve Lukather.
 The Changes is a Chicago rock band formed in March 2002.Their music has been described as filtering in the new wave end of rock with its dreamy jangle and jazzy rhythms. The band's members are Darren Spitzer (vocals/guitar/keys) Rob Kallick (bass guitar/keys) David Rothblatt (lead guitar/keys/vocals) and Jonny Basofin (drums and bells/keys). Their debut album Today Is Tonight was released on September 26 2006 on Drama Club Records in the United States and Kitchenware Records in Europe.
 Elephant Jokes is 12th studio album released by singer-songwriter Robert Pollard on August 11 2009 and the 8th full length album to be released by Pollard (along with several EP's and singles) since the break-up of his band Guided by Voices in 2004. Unlike recent Pollard albums Todd Tobias does not play all the instruments on Elephant Jokes as Pollard plays some guitar on this album.
 When I Fall in Love is the seventh studio album by trumpet player Chris Botti. It was released by Columbia Records on September 28 2004 and peaked at number 1 on Billboard Top Jazz Albums chart. The album has been sold more than 500000 copies and was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 Singles and EPs: 2001 - 2005 is a two disc compilation album released by UK band The Music. It contains all of the bands single b-side and EP releases from their Hut/Virgin Recordings era.
 Soul Train: The Dance Years is a series of compilation albums released by Rhino Records in 1999 and 2000 and spun off from the long-running syndicated television series Soul Train.Each album features 14 hit rhythm and blues recordings said to have been featured on Soul Train from a specific year of the 1970s.
 Balance is a 2008 solo album by King's X guitarist Ty Tabor. All songs were written recorded and produced by Tabor and the album was recorded at Alien Beans Studios in Katy TX.This is the first solo project released by Tabor for the Molken Music label.
 More than Words is the 5th album released by Mark 'Oh and it was released on February 16 2004 by Home Records GmbH.The album contains 2 cover songs a cover of the song Stuck on You released by Lionel Richie in 1984. and a cover of Get Here released by Brenda Russell in 1988.
 Hammerbox is the debut album of Seattle rock band Hammerbox.
 Seventh Heaven Club is the second album by Mark Seymour and the Undertow which was released in March 2013. The album is a collection of covers of love songs by artists including Bob Dylan Neil Young Jackson Browne Dave Dobbyn and Otis Redding. It also includes a duet with Lucinda Williams on a version of her 2007 song Come On.Seymour said the album had its genesis while he was courting his wife in New Zealand with the music of Tom Petty and Dave Dobbyn in the background.
 Bonus Bait is a compilation album by British musician and DJ Andrew Mr. Scruff Carthy. It was released on 9 February 2009 by Ninja Tune and features outtakes of his album Ninja Tuna.In the United States an MP3 double-album version of Ninja Tuna was released on 17 February which included Bonus Bait as the second album.
 The Light Is Seeping Through the Cracks is a studio album released by American rock band Harris in September 2005. The album was independently recorded produced and released by the band. The album's release was followed by a self-booked tour of the United States and Canada.
 Próxima Estación: Esperanza (English: Next Stop: Hope) is an album by Manu Chao. It was released in Europe in 2000. It was released in the United States on June 5 2001 on Virgin Records. Chao and others sing in Arabic English French Galician Portuguese and Spanish on this album.The name comes from a sample of an announcement for the Esperanza station of Madrid Metro's Line 4 because in Spanish Esperanza means hope.
 Di'Anno is the 1984 self-titled album of the band of the same name. The lead singer Paul DiAnno had been the frontman of the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden for five years before being dismissed for his erratic behaviour. The band bearing his name and playing very commercial heavy rock was his first and short-lived solo project.This album was actually released in Japan first with strange album title Two Swimmers & A Bag of Jockies.
 The Thirteenth Dream was the second (and final) reunion album from Spirit. It features re-recordings of several of their best-loved tracks along with three new songs.
 Rockin' the Corps is a thank you concert designed to show appreciation to the Marines and sailors returning home from Iraq and to the men and women of the United States Marine Corps.
 The Sensual Donovan is an album by Donovan consisting of lost recordings produced in 1971 by John Phillips of the Mamas and the Papas. It is the second 'buried treasure' release by Donovan of a continuing series.
 The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas film soundtrack was released along with the film in July 1982. The album was produced by Gregg Perry. In addition to the score of Carol Hall songs that had also appeared on the stage soundtrack the film soundtrack included two Dolly Parton compositions: Sneakin' Around which she performed as a duet with costar Burt Reynolds and a reworking of her 1974 classic I Will Always Love You the latter of which topped the U.S. country charts in September 1982.
 I Stand Alone is an album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott released in 2006. The album was nominated for Best Traditional Folk Album in the 49th Annual Grammy Awards.Guests include Lucinda Williams David Hidalgo Nels Cline Flea and Corin Tucker.
 Amped is a remix/compilation album containing remixed tracks and new tracks. It is the third compilation album second remix album and first EP by the 116 Clique. It is a combination of rap and rock. It peaked at No. 24 on the Billboard Gospel albums chart.
 Broken Arm Trio is an album by cellist Erik Friedlander bassist Trevor Dunn and drummer Mike Sarin performing compositions inspired by Oscar Pettiford's cello work and the music of Herbie Nichols.
 Invincible Criminal is an album by Mark Mallman.
 Battlecry Under A Wintersun is the first studio album by Canadian power metal band 3 Inches of Blood. It was released in 2002 by Megarock Records. It is the last release by the band to feature original bassist and drummer Rich Trawick and Geoff Trawick respectively. The album peaked at number 18 on the Canadian national college charts and at number 2 on the national loud charts. A re-release of the album is planned for February 10th 2009 on Minion Records.
 Godsville is a collaborative album between MC KRS-One and Show from Showbiz and A.G.. The album was released digitally on February 15 2011 via D.I.T.C. Records; although the physical release didn't hit stores until May 8 2011. It is the 21st album for KRS-One (including his work with Boogie Down Productions). It is the second album produced by Show excluding his work with Showbiz & A.G.
 Pioneer is the third full-length studio album by The Maine and it was released on December 6 2011. The album features singles Don't Give Up On Us and Some Days. The album sold over 12000 copies in its first week[citation needed] debuting at number 90 on the Billboard 200.
 Songs You Know by Heart: Jimmy Buffett's Greatest Hit(s) is the 18th album and the first greatest hits compilation by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett. It was released in January 1985 as MCA 5633. The parenthetical s in the subtitle alludes to the status at the time of Margaritaville as Buffett's single large chart hit.Despite its 1985 release date the album only includes songs from 1973 to 1979.
 Baller Blockin is a soundtrack (to the movie Baller Blockin' (film)) by the Cash Money Millionaires released September 12 2000 on Cash Money Records. The soundtrack features the main members of Cash Money Records which are Baby Mannie Fresh Juvenile B.G. Lil Wayne Turk and appearances by other various artists including E-40 UGK Eightball & MJG Nas and Mack 10.The soundtrack spawned around the lead single entitled Baller Blockin' (song) featuring E-40.
 Priscilla is the name given to the second album of the French singer Priscilla Betti. It was released in December 2002 and was supported by the two hit singles Regarde-moi (teste-moi déteste-moi) and Tchouk tchouk musik which reached the top ten in France.
 Live at Reading is a live CD/DVD by the American grunge band Nirvana released on November 2 2009 chronicling its 1992 performance at the Reading Festival. Bootlegged for years following the performance the new issues present the performance for the first time mastered and color corrected. The performance of the band's 1992 hit single Lithium was previously released on the home video Live! Tonight! Sold Out!! in 1994.
 Moore is More is the sixth solo album from singer Chanté Moore.
 B & G Sides Vol. 1-4 is a compilation album combining B & G Sides Vol. 1 B & G Sides Vol. 2 B & G Sides Vol. 3 and B & G Sides Vol. 4. It was released as a full set in 2008. The compilation is available only as an export outside the US.
 FabricLive.29 is a DJ mix compilation album by Cut Copy released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Blue Screen Life is the second album released by indie rock band Pinback. Ace Fu records released the album in October 2001 in CD format and a year later on vinyl.
 Under Attack is the seventh album by hardcore punk band The Casualties on the record label Side One Dummy Records.This album entered the Billboard 200 album charts at number 199. Total sales for its first week were 6023 units.The words of the tattoos on the hands of the person on the front cover say Reje and Cted spelling REJECTED
 The Collection is a compilation of recordings by Grace Jones released by Universal's sublabel Spectrum in 2004.
 Retaliate is the debut album of American deathgrind band Misery Index.Demand the Impossible was previously recorded and released on the split with Structure of Lies.
 Devotion is the fourth album by the English jazz fusion guitarist John McLaughlin released in 1970. It was recorded shortly after McLaughlin left the Miles Davis band and prior to forming The Mahavishnu Orchestra. McLaughlin was unhappy with the resulting album. On his website he writes: “In 1969 I sign a contract in America for 2 records. First is 'Devotion' that is destroyed by producer Alan Douglas who mixes the recording in my absence.”
 Taxi Driver is the first album by Dynamic Duo released in 2004. The album features guest vocals from Brown Eyed Soul Drunken Tiger TBNY Lisa Bobby Kim Eun Ji Won Epik High Asoto Union and other Korean artists.
 One for the Road is the third album by Ronnie Lane and his Slim Chance band. Lane had previously been a founding member of Small Faces and Faces. The album was recorded using the Ronnie Lane's Mobile Studio.
 Seven and the Ragged Tiger is the third studio album by the English pop rock band Duran Duran released in November 1983. It was the band's first and only number one album in the UK and would prove to be the last studio album for the band's original line-up until 2004's Astronaut.Vocalist Simon Le Bon said the album is an adventure story about a little commando team. 'The Seven' is for us — the five band members and the two managers — and 'the Ragged Tiger' is success.
 Precipitate is an EP by New York City-based Indie-rock band Interpol. It features two tracks not on albums Precipitate and Song Seven (although Precipitate is on another EP Fukd ID #3). The featured version of A Time To Be So Small is different from the one re-recorded and released three years later on Antics and PDA differs from the one released on Turn on the Bright Lights and Fukd ID #3.The EP was limited to 500 copies.
 Live at Queen Elizabeth Hall is a live recording of Brett's 20 October 2007 concert at the Queen Elizabeth Hall London. It comes on 2 CDs and was limited to 1500 copies. It was made available to concert-goers at the concert minutes after the conclusion of the set.This is the third and final live recording to be released from Brett's first solo album and was recorded at the first of two special performances at Queen Elizabeth Hall to promote the album.
 Demonoir is the fifth full-length album by Norwegian black metal band 1349. The new album shows a return to the band's more traditional raw-yet-technical black metal sound. It was released on 26 April 2010 in Europe and the day after in North America.
 Billboard Top Hits: 1981 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1992 featuring 10 hit recordings from 1981.The track lineup includes eight songs that reached the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart including the No. 1 song of 1981 Bette Davis Eyes by Kim Carnes. Also included is the No. 1 song of 1982 Physical by Olivia Newton-John; the song began a 10-week run at No.
 You Are My Canvas is a demo by the emo/post-hardcore band Boys Night Out. All of the tracks made it onto later releases although some in different versions. The demo version of Sketch Artist Composite doesn't differ too much from the version that made it onto Broken Bones and Bloody Kisses. The only noticeable difference is some different vocals at different points.
 Next Time West Coast is an album by the band Further released in 1995.
 The Cucumbers is the first release by the New Jersey new wave band The Cucumbers. It contains the single My Boyfriend. It received a good deal of college radio play enabling the band to begin playing out of town.
 The First Day is the third album by Kay Tse released on January 18 2007. It contains 3 new songs and 9 remastered tracks. On March 1 2007 The First Day (2nd Edition) was released as a re-release version of The First Day and included a bonus DVD of Kay's The First Day concert footage.
 In the Middle of Nowhere is the fourth studio album by Modern Talking released on November 10 1986 in Germany and in other territories. The album contains the international hit single Geronimo's Cadillac which has managed to enter the top-5 in Germany and Austria while entering the top-10 in many others including Switzerland Sweden and Norway.The album In the Middle of Nowhere released through Hansa Records and distributed by Ariola BMG entered the No.
 Carry the Banner is the debut studio album by the American punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder. It was originally released on 10-inch vinyl in December 1994 through Too Many Records. The album was re-released on CD through Lookout! Records in 1995. Carry the Banner was the group's first release to feature Jason White on guitar replacing Mike Kirsch whom left the band in 1994. The album was re-released on vinyl and CD through Recess Records on February 12 2010.
 The Peel Sessions is an EP by Band of Susans recorded in 1988 and 1989 from sessions with John Peel but not released until 1992.The first four tracks feature the same line-up as Love Agenda (with the latterly relatively famous Page Hamilton as one of the guitarists) but the latter two feature a line-up that never recorded any other material.Child of the Moon (a Rolling Stones cover) and Which Dream Came True had been on Love Agenda whilst Throne of Blood and Hope Against Hope were on the debut. 
 MTV Party To Go ‘99 was the thirteenth album in the MTV Party To Go series. The album was certified gold on February 24 1999 by the RIAA.
 Tooth and Nail is the second studio album by heavy metal band Dokken released in 1984 through Elektra Records. It was the #35 album of 1985 according to Billboard magazine. The album was certified Platinum by the RIAA and reached #49 on the Billboard 200 U.S. album chart.
 Aftershock is the tenth album by the R&B band Average White Band.
 Heart Of A Man is the third album by R&B singer Tony Terry.
 The Last Time I Saw The Stars was Bedford Drive's first album released in the spring of 2002.
 Nightlife is the third solo studio album from singer-songwriter Karl Wolf. It was released initially to the Japanese market. The album was released in Canada on November 17 2009. The first single Yalla Habibi was released on iTunes October 28 2009 and reached #24 on the Canadian Hot 100. The second single is the remix of Hurting featuring Sway which peaked at #55 on the same chart. The third single is the 2009 remix of Africa.
 Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys is a 1993 boxed set released by Capitol Records which collects tracks spanning The Beach Boys' entire career to that point on four CDs. A fifth disc contains mostly studio session tracks complete vocal and instrumental tracks and rare live performances. The set also includes a car window decal.
 At Their Best is a compilation album from the Christian metal band Whitecross.
 Confess is the second album by Twin Shadow. The album was produced by George Lewis Jr.
 Max Merritt and the Meteors was the self-titled third album to come from the band who had moved to Australia from New Zealand in the mid-1960s. The band were doing well on the live pub circuit in Melbourne in the late 1960s and this album was recorded during that time at Armstrong Studios.The best charting single from the LP released in late 1969 was Western Union Man which peaked nationally at number 15.
 Where the Wild Things Are is a 1997 album by British band Agent Provocateur. The song Red Tape was featured in The Jackal and on the original score of the Underworld soundtrack.
 October Rust is the fourth album by Type O Negative. It was released in 1996. This is the first album with Johnny Kelly credited as the band's drummer though in a 2007 interview with Dave Manack for dreadcentral.com the keyboard player and co-producer Josh Silver confessed that all the drum parts on October Rust and the band's two subsequent studio albums (World Coming Down and Life is Killing Me) were programmed.
 Amanda Stott is the debut album by Canadian country music artist Amanda Stott. It was released by Warner Music Canada on January 4 2000. The album peaked at number 18 on the RPM Country Albums chart.
 Pain & Paper is the third studio album from Honeychild Entertainment recording artist Lil' Mo. The album was released on August 28 2007 and sold only 6000 copies it first week. Appearances include Da Brat Jim Jones Fabolous and Trina. Producers and songwriters include Jazze Pha Stargate Sean Garrett and Ne-Yo.The first single Sumtimes (featuring Jim Jones) was released in late 2007.
 Celebrating 50 Glorious Years is a 2-disc compilation album by the comedy duo Hamish & Andy.It features segments included on their radio show between 2008 and 2010.
 Sweat Hotel Live is R&B artist Keith Sweat's second concert album released on June 12 2007.[1]
 Chasing The Saturdays is the second EP) by English-Irish girl group The Saturdays. It was released on 27 January 2013 in the United States and Canada alone. The EP was released through Fascination and Mercury Records their first release under Mercury since signing a US distribution deal. The EP collection is titled after their reality television programme Chasing The Saturdays which is broadcast through America by E!.
 A Brand New Me is the fourth and the final for now solo album of James J.T. Taylor. It includes the maxi single How. This album was released by Interscope Records in June 6 2000 year.
 Fearless Frank Foster is an album by saxophonist Frank Foster recorded in 1965 and released on the Prestige label.
 Slow Deep and Hard is Type O Negative's first album released in 1991 on Roadrunner Records.
 Faust Is Last is the 2010 album by Hans Irmler's version of the German krautrock group Faust.
 Kinky was iconic Australian rock group Hoodoo Gurus' fifth studio album and was released on 9 April 1991 by RCA Records. It was produced by the group.The album reached No. 172 on the American Billboard charts in 1991 with the single Miss Freelove '69 (February 1991) reaching No. 19 on the ARIA Singles Chart No. 3 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart in 1991. Other singles were 1000 Miles Away (June 1991 No.
 Smash is the third studio album by American punk rock band The Offspring. After touring in support of their previous album Ignition (1992) The Offspring began recording Smash in October 1993 at Track Record in North Hollywood California. Recording and production were finished two months later and the album was released on April 8 1994 on Epitaph Records.
 Bad Boys is the fourth and final studio album by the original formation of Spanish duo Baccara first released on label RCA-Victor in West Germany in 1981. It contains European single release Colorado. The rights to the RCA-Victor back catalogue are currently held by Sony BMG Music Entertainment - the original Bad Boys album in its entirety remains unreleased on compact disc.
 All by Myself is the debut album by singer Regina Belle. The album features the hit singles Show Me the Way So Many Tears How Could You Do It to Me Please Be Mine and You Got the Love. The album peaked at number 85 on The Billboard 200 and number 14 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 Slow Wall is a 3 track EP by Fionn Regan which was released under the name Bilbo.
 Gonna Let It Shine: A Concert for the Holidays (or simply Gonna Let it Shine) is a live album by American folk singer Odetta released in 2005. It was recorded at Fordham University in New York City for a public radio broadcast.Gonna Let It Shine was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Blues Album. It would be the last album of new material Odetta would release during her lifetime.
 Turn It On is the debut studio album by Indonesian blues rock band Gugun and the Bluesbug which later changed to Gugun Blues Shelter and then the band also known as Gugun Power Trio.
 Superheroes is the fourth studio album by Racer X. It was released in Japan under the name Adventure of Racer X-Men and distributed by Universal Japan. This album was released on Paul Gilbert's 34th birthday.
 Umbrella is the second album from The Innocence Mission and continues the melodic pop sound from their previous album. The album was recorded in two months in several studios in Los Angeles California and Kingston and New York City New York; among them The Kiva Dreamland Recording and Masterdisc.
 Being Who You Are was released on 23 March 2005 and is an album from Swedish pop and country singer Jill Johnson. It peaked at #4 at the Swedish album chart.
 Screams of Anguish is the debut album by Brutality and was released in 1993 on Nuclear Blast.
 Molten Lager is a live album by The Damned that was recorded in Mulhouse France on 23 June 1994.The line-up features the Not of This Earth personnel and showcases much of that album and other rare tracks by The Damned. While somewhat obscure this CD is regarded by many fans and music critics as the finest most definitive album of the Damned's long career although it largely ignores the band's goth period in favour of the more punk and rock oriented material.
 Watershed is the ninth full-length studio album by the Swedish progressive metal band Opeth. Released by Roadrunner Records Watershed is the first studio album by Opeth to feature guitarist Fredrik Åkesson and drummer Martin Axenrot who replaced longtime guitarist Peter Lindgren and drummer Martin Lopez. The artwork for the album was made by Travis Smith (who has created the artwork for eight previous Opeth releases) in collaboration with Mikael Åkerfeldt.
 The Eurovision Song Contest 2005 was the 50th Eurovision Song Contest which was held at the Palace of Sports Kiev Ukraine. The winner was Greece's My Number One written by famous Greek songwriters Christos Dantis and Natalia Germanou and performed by Swedish-born Greek singer Elena Paparizou who scored 230 points while Malta's Angel written and performed by Chiara was the runner up with 192 points and the 3rd place went to Romania's Let Me Try.
 Destiny Road is an album by the British blues band the Peter Green Splinter Group led by Peter Green. Released in 1999 this was their fourth album. Green was the founder of Fleetwood Mac and a member of that group from 1967–70 before a sporadic solo career during the late 1970s and early 1980s.The album included a reworking of Tribal Dance which first featured on Green's 1979 solo album In the Skies and also a new version of the Fleetwood Mac hit Man of the World.
 The Golden Age is the fourth full-length studio album from UK hardcore punk band Your Demise.
 Teaser is the 1975 debut album from American guitarist Tommy Bolin.
 Soppin' the Gravy is an album by Mark O'Connor. It consists mostly of traditional Texas Fiddle music with O'Connor's own piece Misty Moonlight Waltz and an instrumental version of Over the Rainbow. O'Connor can be seen on the cover with the white-painted fiddle that he used for competition.
 For Lack of a Better Name is the fourth studio album by Canadian house producer deadmau5 (his second mainstream album). This album features more diverse musical tones and lends itself to progressive house. Deadmau5 collaborates with MC Flipside on Hi Friend! and with Pendulum's Rob Swire on Ghosts 'n' Stuff. The album was released on September 22 2009 in the United States and was released globally on October 5 2009.
 Carlo Cokxxx Nutten (German: Carlo Colucci [Italian Fashion Brand] Coke Hookers) is an album by German rappers Bushido (alias Sonny Black) and Fler (alias Frank White). It was released in October 2002 on Aggro Berlin. In 2005 released the successor Carlo Cokxxx Nutten II again under Bushido's pseudonym Sonny Black with Baba Saad as replacement of Fler due the feud between Aggro Berlin and Bushido.
 Respect Yourself is the eighteenth studio album by Joe Cocker released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).
 10 000 Hz Legend is the third studio album by French music duo Air released in France on 28 May 2001 by Virgin Records and in the United States on 29 May 2001 by Astralwerks. On this album tracks are longer and more electronic-oriented than on their previous records.
 The Best of Strawbs is a compilation album of songs by Strawbs with one track from the Dave Cousins solo album Two Weeks Last Summer.
 House of Binary is the third album by The Wisdom of Harry an experimental electronic music ensemble from London.
 The Peel Sessions is an album by Pulp. Released on 23 October 2006 it is a double CD album containing all the recordings the band made for John Peel's Radio 1 show.
 One Voice: Vocal Music from Around the World is a world music compilation album originally released in 1997. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the release features vocal music ranging from Gregorian chants to Tuvan throat singing. The compilation was produced by Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network. Liner notes were written by BBC broadcaster Andy Kershaw known for his world music journalism.
 You Better Believe Me is an album by the Ramsey Lewis Trio featuring vocalist Jean DuShon on six tracks which was recorded in late 1964 and early 1965 and released on the Argo label.
 Reach is the debut full length album by American rock band Eyes Set to Kill. It was released on February 19 2008 and peaked at #29 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart. The album features three songs (Darling Liar in the Glass Young Blood Spills Tonght) from their EP When Silence is Broken The Night Is Torn that were re-recorded following the departure of lead vocalist Lindsey Vogt in 2007. Some songs are re-recorded renamed songs.
 In the Mirror is a 1997 album by Yanni released on the Private Music label.This is often billed as a Compilation of Yanni favorites including In the Mirror which is a solo piano piece and faster pace tracks such as Forbidden Dreams and Chasing Shadows
 Opus IV is the third studio album release by Black metal band Abigor. It was released in 1996.
 Toffee Apple is an album by the Australian children's musician Peter Combe. It features the popular songs Juicy Juicy Green Grass (A Sheep's Lament) Toffee Apple and Jack and the Beanstalk alongside several other song which remain in Combe's current set list.
 YU grupa (trans. YU Gold) is a compilation album by Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band YU grupa released in 1976. The album features songs from the band's 7 singles released in the 1971–1976 period.YU zlato features some of the band's biggest hits: Čudna šuma Šta će meni vatra U tami disko kluba folk-oriented Nona Kosovski božuri and Sama and the cult ballad Crni leptir.
 Randy Meisner is the third album (and the second self-titled) by Randy Meisner released in 1982 (see 1982 in music). It is also the final album of original material released by Meisner to-date.
 The Art of Chris Farlowe is the third 1966 album by British Singer Chris Farlowe featuring his band The Thunderbirds but only credited to him.Andrew Loog Oldham produced the recordings session with Mick Jagger who also wrote four songs for Farlowe later covered by The Rolling Stones. In 1992 was reissued featuring 11 bonus tracks.
 Colour the Small One is an album by Australian singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Sia which was released in Australia and the United Kingdom on 19 January 2004. It is her third solo studio album and was issued in the United States on 3 February 2004. Production was by Jimmy Hogarth who also co-wrote three tracks and provided various instruments.
 Broadway – My Way is a 1964 album by Nancy Wilson.
 The Repulsion Box is the second album released by Sons and Daughters under Domino Recording on June 6 2005 on CD and LP format. It charted at #70 in its first week but left the chart quickly afterwards.
 The Cannonball Adderley Quintet & Orchestra (also known as Experience in E) is an album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley recorded in Los Angeles California in 1970 featuring performances by Adderley's Quintet featuring Nat Adderley Joe Zawinul Walter Booker and Roy McCurdy with an unidentified orchestra conducted by William Fisher or Lalo Schifrin.
 Rooftop is the second studio album of the Swedish singer songwriter Ulrik Munther released on Universal Music Sweden. Released on 6 March 2013 to coincide with his performance during Melodifestivalen 2013 it includes his rendition during the competition titled Tell the World I'm Here first performed on 23 February 2013 reaching the final stage of the competition finishing third in the finals held on 9 March 2013.
 Jalwa-e-Janan (Urdu: جلوۂ جاناں) was the first religious and spiritual album released by former Pakistani pop singer Junaid Jamshed.Its most popular naat is Muhammad ka Roza Kareeb Aaraha Bulandi Pe Apna.
 Abercrombie Quartet is an album by guitarist John Abercrombie recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label.
 The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask Original Soundtrack (ゼルダの伝説 ムジュラの仮面 オリジナルサウンドトラック Zeruda no Densetsu Mujura no Kamen Orijinaru Saundotorakku) is a soundtrack album by Koji Kondo featuring the complete score to the Nintendo 64 video game The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask. Unlike the soundtrack of Ocarina of Time it was released over two discs comprising 112 tracks overall. Three tracks were composed by Toru Minegishi; Battle Mini Boss and Boss Battle.
 The Legacy is the 1987 debut studio album by American thrash metal band Testament. It was released on April 21 1987.
 Singh Better Than King is the tenth studio album by Punjabi singer Babbu Maan released worldwide on 16 November 2009 making his first religious album. The album was also released in internationally to USA Canada and the UK.The album was preceded by the lead single Ik Baba Nanak Si which impacted worldwide. The song was also Mann's first religious single. Following the success of this first single Marno Mool Na Darde was released which was another success.
 Sunday Songs is the debut album from Finnish singer-songwriter Paradise Oskar it was released on May 2 2011. The first single released from the album Da Da Dam was released on 16 February 2011.
 Trilla is the second studio album by Miami rapper Rick Ross. It was released on March 11 2008 through Def Jam Recordings Slip-n-Slide Records and Poe Boy Entertainment. The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 with 198000 copies in its first-week of sales. The album has been certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America and has sold over 700000 copies in the United States.
 Preeria is the fourth studio album by Finnish singer and songwriter Olavi Uusivirta. Released on 7 April 2010 (2010-04-07) the album peaked at number five on the Finnish Albums Chart.
 Bigger Than Both of Us is the fifth album by Daryl Hall and John Oates released in 1976. The album included the first of their six #1 singles on the Billboard Hot 100 Rich Girl. Hall & Oates released a song titled Bigger Than Both of Us on their Beauty on a Back Street album one year later.Do What You Want Be What You Are was covered by The Dramatics in 1979.
 Songs in the Key of Rock is a studio album by former Deep Purple Black Sabbath and Trapeze vocalist/ bassist Glenn Hughes. It was his ninth solo studio album and was released in 2003 on Frontier and Pony Canyon records.
 20 #1's Now is a 2007 compilation album by various artists and presented by reggaeton production duo Luny Tunes released on November 20 2007 by Machete Music.
 AM Conspiracy is the debut album by American Alternative metal band AM Conspiracy. The album was recorded in early 2009 at Belle City Sound in Racine Wisconsin with Chris Wisco who plays bass in Novembers Doom.The first single off album Pictures was mixed by Randy Staub who has previously worked with Metallica Nickelback Alice In Chains and most recently Thousand Foot Krutch among others.However according fmqb.com the band released another song titled Welt as a digital single.
 100 Memories was the thirty-first studio album of Bobby Vinton released in 1979 by the Canadian label Ahed. This album is a cover album of 100 songs from the 1950s to 1970s and contains two LPs. While the album contains 100 songs they are all recorded as medleys: 1 - 4 5 - 9 10 - 14 15 - 19 20 - 24 25 - 28 29 - 33 34 - 38 39 - 42 43 - 47 48 - 51 52 - 56 57 - 61 62 - 66 67 - 71 72 - 75 76 - 80 81 - 85 86 - 90 91 - 95 and 96 through 100.
 Normandie is the debut EP by Danish indie rock band Decorate. Decorate. released on May 21 2007 (2007-05-21) on Tactic Records. The album was promoted by the single Karen.The band also released a vinyl edition of Normandie which was printed in 500 copies with five different cover designs (100 issues each).
 Aura is the ninth studio album by The Mission. Released in 2001 it was their first studio album since Blue in 1996. The album was also released as a slipcased limited edition 2CD set. The bonus disc (PGNDCDX002) features the original version of In Denial two videos - Evangeline and Deliverance (live) interview footage and a weblink.
 The Collection is a compilation album by The Stranglers. It is notable in that it does not feature many hit singles. The best known song on the compilation is Walk On By.
 Face the Heat is the twelfth studio album released by the German heavy metal band Scorpions in 1993.It was produced by the band and the late Bruce Fairbairn and released on the PolyGram label.
 Ljubav (trans. Love) is the debut studio album by the Serbian hard rock/heavy metal band Trigger released in 2007. Ljubav is a concept album featuring lyrics dealing with dark sides of love.
 The Mexecutioner! The Best of Brujeria is the name of a best of compilation album by Brujeria released in 2003 by Roadrunner Records. The liner notes are written by Hank Williams III.
 Tara Kemp is the self-titled debut album by U.S. singer/songwriter Tara Kemp. It was released on January 16 1991 by Warner Bros. Records/Giant Records. It spawned two Top 10 singles on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart Hold You Tight (No. 3 1991) and Piece of My Heart (No. 7 1991). A third single Too Much peaked at No. 95. Both of the album's Top 10 singles appeared on Billboard's Year-End chart for 1991: Hold You Tight at No. 25 Piece of My Heart at No. 84.
 Wikka is the second full-length studio album by the Belarusian melodic death metal band Asguard
 Attention! is the third studio album by German recording artist Alexander Klaws. It was released by Sony BMG on Hansa Records on March 10 2006 in German-speaking Europe. Recorded after a short-living hiatus it marked a departure from Klaws' previous work with Deutschland sucht den Superstar judge and musical mentor Dieter Bohlen who gained no credit on the record.
 Love Ways is an EP by the indie rock band Spoon. It was released on October 24 2000 by Merge Records.
 Ambush is the second studio album for the band Ambush. It includes the singles In This Room She Doesn't Come Close and Take My Picture.
 Flo & Eddie is the second album from Flo & Eddie. After being out of print since the 1970s it was released on CD for the first time in 2008 in a package that includes their first album The Phlorescent Leech & Eddie (1972).The album was produced by Bob Ezrin who was the producer for Alice Cooper.[1] The album was made to accompany the Alice Cooper Billion Dollar Babies world tour in 1973-74 which Flo & Eddie were the opening act.
 Greatest Hits from the Beginning is a compilation double LP by The Miracles released in 1965.This was the first double album ever released by the Motown Record Corporation.(Tamla TS2-254) It covers most of the group's hits from their pre-1965 albums such as Shop Around Who's Loving You You've Really Got A Hold On Me and Mickey's Monkey as well as the non-album singles from 1964: I Like It Like That and That's What Love Is Made Of with its B-side ballad Would I Love You.
 Zagora is the third studio album by British R&B band Loose Ends released in 1986 by MCA Records. The album spawned the hits Slow Down Stay a Little While Child and two others all of which were hits on the U.S. R&B charts with Slow Down reaching number one on the chart.Between the years 1991-2009 the album sold an additional 303000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen Soundscan 5 years after its initial release the album remains uncertified with overall sales unknown.
 O klang och jubeltid is the fourth studio album by Swedish folk-group Benny Anderssons orkester released in June 2011.
 The Essential Glen Campbell Volume Three is the third of a series of three albums which cover Glen Campbell's recordings for Capitol Records from 1962-79. The tracks are presented in a non-chronological order. All three Essential CDs contain next to single and albums tracks previously unreleased recordings. On The Essential Glen Campbell Volume Three these are Beautiful Brown Eyes They'll Never Take Her Love from Me All the Way and Learnin' the Blues.
 Warble Womb is the seventh studio album by American rock band Dead Meadow. It was released in November 2013 under Xemu Records.
 Pieces of Eighty-Eight is the second and final album by American jazz pianist Evans Bradshaw featuring tracks recorded in 1959 for the Riverside label.
 Quick the Word Sharp the Action is the fourth studio album by British-based rock band Hundred Reasons released on 15 October 2007 on V2. The album was recorded in Riga Latvia and is the first to feature guitarist Ben Doyle following the departure of founding member Paul Townsend in 2006.
 Calling the Wild is the seventh solo album of the German female hard rock singer Doro Pesch. It was released in 2000 in two different editions for the European market and the American one. For this release Doro changed labels again having signed contracts with SPV/Steamhammer for Germany and with Koch Records for the USA. Calling the Wild was the first album published in the US after the eponymous one in 1990.
 Highway is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music group The Wilkinsons and was released on March 29 2005.
 The Zodiac Sessions is the first compilation album by American heavy metal band Orchid. It compiles remastered versions of both releases on their first record label the Church Within: their first studio album Capricorn and their debut EP Through the Devil's Doorway.
 Live in Flint is a double live album by rock band Clutch. It is only sold at live shows or via their website. It was recorded over a two-night stand at The Machine Shop in Flint Michigan.
 Tom & Jerry is a compilation album by Simon & Garfunkel released in 2002. This album contains songs in their early career where they were known as Tom & Jerry.
 Do It is the first EP after the first full-length album Life Time from Rollins Band fronted by ex-Black Flag singer Henry Rollins.Do It was originally released in 1987 and included three studio recordings (1-3) and 6 live tracks recorded in Deventer the Netherlands October 22 1987 (5-10).
 Municipal Waste is the debut EP by the Richmond crossover thrash band; Municipal Waste. Like many of The Waste's early releases it is notable for its short run time of only 7:11.
 Iisang Bangka Tayo (Filipino We Are In The Same Boat) is a greatest hits album by The Dawn released in 1991.
 Noble -Live- is a live album by Versailles released on September 1 2010. It is a live version of their debut album Noble (not including To the Chaos Inside and Episode) but also includes Prince.
 Phosphene Dream is the third album from Austin Texas rock band The Black Angels. It was released on September 13 2010 in the UK and September 14 2010 in the United States by Blue Horizon. This is the first album the Black Angels have released with their new label Blue Horizon Records having previously worked with Light in the Attic Records. The album debuted in the US at #50 on the Billboard Top 200 Charts.
 Last Exit to Brooklyn is a soundtrack album by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler released on 3 October 1989 by Vertigo Records internationally and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States. The album contains music composed for the 1989 film Last Exit to Brooklyn produced by Bernd Eichinger and directed by Uli Edel.
 Songs the Lord Taught Us is the debut studio album by the American garage punk band The Cramps. It was released in 1980 on Illegal Records.
 Everyday is the 2nd mini album by the South Korean girl group Girl's Day. It was released in July 7 2011 with the song Hug Me Once as title track. The EP is also the first time members Yura and Hyeri were featured on a physically released album as both of them have only participated on digital singles prior to this release.
 Rising Sun is a reggae album by Augustus Pablo originally released in 1986 on Greensleeves.It features Sly Dunbar on drums Earl Chinna Smith on guitar and Dean Frazer on saxophone. Pablo produced the album and played melodica piano organ and synthesizer.The songs were both recorded at Channel One Dynamic Sounds and Tuff Gong in Kingston Jamaica as well as at HC & F in New York.The album features Phillip Smart and Scientist as engineers.
 Mandam Aleik is the 5th Arabic language album by Nawal Al Zoghbi released in 1998 and produced by Relax-In international. It was released 1 year after the previous album Habeit Ya Leil and is still considered to be the biggest selling album of Nawal's career.The album had 3 major hits the title song plus Ala Bali and Galbi Dag all of which had video clips and extensive TV promotion.
 Geordie – Masters of Rock is the third album by glam rock band Geordie. It was released in 1974 by EMI.
 Lifesong Live is a live CD/DVD by the Christian rock band Casting Crowns released in 2006. It included songs from their second studio release Lifesong.
 Sucker Punch is the second album released by the band Haji's Kitchen.
 The Nightfly is the first solo album by Steely Dan co-founder Donald Fagen released in 1982. It was an early example of a fully digital recording in popular music. Although The Nightfly includes a number of production staff and musicians who had played on Steely Dan records it is Fagen's first release without longtime collaborator Walter Becker.Unlike most of Fagen's previous work The Nightfly is almost blatantly autobiographical.
 Chapter One... A Decade is the second greatest hits album by Contemporary Christian group 4Him. It was released on Benson Records. in 2001.
 Liberty! is an album by Mark O'Connor which comprises his soundtrack to the six part PBS series Liberty!. The album is composed mostly of period songs arranged by O'Connor with the exception of Freedom and the theme for the series written by O'Connor entitled Song of the Liberty Bell.
 Something Warm is a 1962 live album by the Oscar Peterson Trio recorded at the London House jazz club in Chicago.Three other albums were recorded by Peterson and his trio at the London House The Trio The Sound of the Trio and Put On a Happy Face. The complete music recorded by the trio at these sessions was released in 1997.
 Live at the Village Vanguard is a Tom Harrell album recorded for RCA with Harrell's then quintet and released in 2002.The band included Jimmy Greene on tenor sax Ugonna Okegwo on bass Xavier Davis on piano and Quincy Davis on drums.
 Murder Misery and Then Goodnight is Kristin Hersh's third solo album and quite a departure from her other solo recordings in that it contains solely Appalachian folk songs about murder and death arranged by Kristin Hersh rather than songs written by Kristin herself. Hersh's son Ryder James O'Connell plays piano and sings backing vocals.Produced by Kristin Hersh co-produced by Steve Rizzo and Billy O'Connell. Engineered by Steve Rizzo.
 When You Land Here It's Time to Return is a full-length album released by indie rock band Flake Music (now known as The Shins). The album was recorded in 1997 and subsequently released on Omnibus Records.In a May 2009 interview with Pitchfork Media frontman James Mercer announced plans to re-release the album on his own record label Aural Apothecary. The new version of the album has been mixed by Kennie Takahashi best known as Danger Mouse's sound engineer.
 Satyricon is the eighth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Satyricon. It is their first topping VG-lista the official Norwegian Albums Chart. It was released throughout Europe on 9 September 2013 and released on 17 September 2013 in USA and Canada.
 That Dog (stylized as that dog.) is the self-titled debut from That Dog originally issued as an EP on Magnatone Products in 1993 and released later that year with additional songs as the band's first studio album for 4AD in the UK. The album was released in the US the following year on DGC Records. Old Timer would be the album's only single and featured a music video directed by Spike Jonze.
 My Journey is the debut studio album from Australian singer-songwriter Karise Eden she won the first season of The Voice (Australia). It was released in Australia on 26 June 2012. The album debuted at number one on the ARIA Albums Chart and was certified double platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) for shipments of 140000 copies.
 Elodia is the sixth album by German duet Lacrimosa.Elodia is a concept album and a rock opera divided into three acts.
 Xiled to Infinity and One is an album released in 2002 by the American heavy metal band Seven Witches.
 Mr. Lunasicc is the debut album by American rapper Lunasicc. It was released July 8 1997 on AWOL Records and distributed by Noo Trybe Records. The album features production from DJ Daryl Bobby G and Pizzo. It peaked at number 92 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 The Seal of the Blue Lotus is the debut album of composer Robbie Basho released in 1965 through Takoma Records.
 Last Time Around is the third and final album by folk rock band Buffalo Springfield. Released 1968 it featured Neil Young Stephen Stills Richie Furay Dewey Martin Bruce Palmer and Jim Messina who also worked as producer and a recording engineer.
 The Beat Goes On (Atco Records 33-237/mono SD 33-237/stereo) is the second album by the American psychedelic rock band Vanilla Fudge released in early 1968. The album doesn't contain any real songs but rather a sound collage featuring many different elements: the voices of world leaders past and present the band reciting pre-written mantras and reflections and excerpts of songs (done Vanilla Fudge style) by The Beatles and Sonny Bono.
 Real Love is the eighth studio album by German recording artist Sarah Connor released by Epic on October 22 2010 in German-speaking Europe.
 Ibuki (いぶき) is the seventh original album by the Japanese taiko group Kodō (鼓童).
 Hobo is the second album by British singer-songwriter Charlie Winston. It was released by Real World Records in 2009.The first single was Like a Hobo.
 Feel The Need is a the second solo album of James J.T. Taylor. The album includes hits Long Hot Summer Night and Heart To Heart (duet with Stephanie Mills). This album was released by MCA Records in 1991.
 Dream Deceiver is the second album of Dutch thrash metal band Dead Head released in 1993.It was the follow-up to The Feast Begins At Dawn the tempo has been slowed down a bit on this record comparing it to their debut.Dream Deceiver was produced by Gert Stegeman at Westerhuis Audio.
 One Spring Day is the second studio album by South Korean boy band 2AM.For this album 2AM is planning for a musical transformation. A sneak preview of the song's introduction showcases Lim Seulong′s voice being prominent and different. The lead track is One Spring Day with a slow piano melody for which a teaser video was released on 27 February 2013.
 Still is the BoDeans' 8th full length studio album. It was released on March 4 2008. It peaked at number 194 on the Billboard 200 chart and number 30 on the Top Independent Albums chart.
 Thug Stories is the sixth studio album from Bone Thugs-N-Harmony released September 19 2006 on Koch Records. It marked the first time Bone recorded as a trio for a full album as Bizzy Bone had parted with the group. Upon release the album sold 38000 units in its first week eventually peaking at number 25 on the Billboard 200 and number one on the Independent Album Charts. Thug Stories was the group's first LP length release since 2002's Thug World Order.
 This Is A Recording contains demos from the years 1994–97. It is out of print and Kevin Moore has publicly said that there will be no reprint.
 Lady Love is the second studio album by American R&B recording artist LeToya originally scheduled for release several times in 2008. After corporate restructuring at Capitol Records the album was released on August 25 2009 in the United States.Luckett worked with a wide variety of collborators for the album including; Ne-Yo Chris Brown and Bryan-Michael Cox.
 Stalinism is a compilation album by Japanese hardcore punk group The Stalin released on January 21 1987.It was released outside of a record label on January 21 1987. It was digitally remastered and re-released in 2005.Edit board released after The Stalin dissolved.
 Fugazi is the first EP by the American post-hardcore band of the same name. Unlike all other Fugazi releases Guy Picciotto did not contribute guitar to this record; all guitar was performed by Ian MacKaye.
 Helvete is an album by Swedish grindcore band Nasum released in 2003. The album's title is Swedish for Hell.Mitch Harris (Napalm Death) made a live music video for the song Scoop. This video can be found on Nasum's website.
 So Many Words... is the debut album for the Serbian Irish folk/Celtic rock band Irish Stew of Sindidun released in 2005.Having won the audience reward on Demo Masters Tournament organized by radio Belgrade 202 and an award of the Demo Maraton in 2004 organized by the Belgrade Youth Center the band entered the studio and recorded their debut album. So Many Words....
 Return Of The Product is the solo debut album of American hip hop rapper MC Serch released August 25 1992 on Def Jam Recordings after Serch had made two full-length albums with the group 3rd Bass. It was for the most part commercially ignored and only reached number 103 on the Billboard 200 however it was a critical success.
 Lonely at the Top is the fourth album by British electronic producer Lukid. It was released in October 2012 under Ninja Tune.
 Here Come the Warm Jets is the debut solo album by Brian Eno credited only as Eno. Produced by him it was released on Island Records in 1974. The musical style of Here Come the Warm Jets is a hybrid of glam rock and art rock similar to Eno's previous album work with Roxy Music although in a stronger experimental fashion.
 Now Is the Hour is an album by the American jazz bassist Charlie Haden's Quartet West recorded in 1995 and released on the Verve label.
 3 Colors Infinity is the only full length studio album of Japanese pop/rock band Kids Alive. Released on January 23 of 2002.
 The Ghost Dub-Dime is a retail mixtape by rapper Styles P. It was released on 18 May 2010 via E1 Entertainment. Featured guest appearances are from Tre Williams Jimi Kendrix & Tyler Woods. Production duties are handled by Tyler Woods Street Radio Ceasar Productions and Don Joe for Dogozilla Productions.
 Ibiza Mayhem 2012 is the third studio album by solo instrumental artist Tim Scott first released on iTunes on the 16th of December 2011.
 Time to Move is the first studio album by Canadian singer Blake McGrath. It was released in Canada on November 2 2010. Five singles were released from the album.
 Som jag är (As I Am) is the third solo album by Swedish pop singer and ABBA member Agnetha Fältskog released in late 1970.
 Moonlight Waltz is the ninth studio album by the Italian extreme gothic metal band Theatres des Vampires. A music video for the song Carmilla was filmed on August 28 and 29 directed by David Bracci who worked on most of Dario Argento's films in the past decade and has also directed the Lilith Mater Inferorum music video.Is the moon tired? She looks so pale Within her misty veil: The scales of the sky from east to west And takes no rest.
 Song'z U Can't Find is a compilation of Celly Cel's guest appearance on other rappers albums and compilations. The project was released in 2002 for Boss Up Muzik and was produced by Celly Cel Studio Ton and G-Man Stan. This compilation marked the first Celly Cel album not to chart on any album charts. Guests include E-40 B-Legit Rappin' 4-Tay WC Baby Beesh and C-Bo.
 The Best of Pantera: Far Beyond the Great Southern Cowboys' Vulgar Hits! is a compilation album by the heavy metal band Pantera released on September 23 2003 two months before their breakup. The title of the compilation is a combination of the titles of their first four major label albums (Far Beyond Driven The Great Southern Trendkill Cowboys from Hell Vulgar Display of Power).
 Tales From The Acoustic Planet is an album by American banjoist Béla Fleck. It is a jazzy album with roots in bluegrass where Fleck is joined by bluegrass stars (Sam Bush Tony Rice Jerry Douglas) as well as his jazz friends (Chick Corea Branford Marsalis Paul McCandless) and Flecktones members (Victor Wooten Future Man). This is also his first solo album since 1988's Places.
 Colbie Caillat's iTunes Session is a small Digital EP containing live recording sessions from her second album Breakthrough and other various cover songs. It was released January 26 2010 exclusively to iTunes.
 Live at Celtic Connections 2000 is a live album by Scottish Celtic rock band Runrig. It marked their first appearance at Celtic Connections a Scottish music festival which takes place annually in Glasgow during the month of January.
 The Coast Is Never Clear was the third album released by indie rock band Beulah in 2001. Originally planned for release on Capricorn Records the label was folded into Island Def Jam Records along with many of its artists including 311. However Beulah The Glands Jucifer and The Honeyrods were not sold along with the other properties of the label.
 Late Night Final is the second studio album (and first full-length album after the mini-album Richard Hawley released six months earlier) from musician Richard Hawley released in the UK in October 2001 by Setanta Records. Named after the cry of vendors selling the Sheffield Star evening newspaper on the streets of his home city it was released to positive reviews.
 Daphne’s Flight was an album that resulted from a collaboration between five of the most highly regarded female vocalists instrumentalist and songwriters in the British folk and root music scene: Christine Collister Melanie Harrold Julie Matthews Helen Watson and Chris While. The collaboration resulted in a highly regarded album and a sell out tour.
 Sky Is the Limit is the seventh studio album published by the Swiss DJ DJ Antoine released on 25 January 2013. The first single released from the album is Bella Vita. The second was All I Live For and the third Sky Is the Limit.
 Shipwreck Radio is a series of albums by Nurse With Wound documenting their residency in Lofoten Norway during June and July 2004. Invited to stay in the unofficial capital fishing village Svolvær Steven Stapleton and Colin Potter were commissioned to produce 3 radio broadcasts per week for local station Lofotradioen of music constructed from whatever they heard or could find around the island.
 Animetalive (アニメタライブ Animetaraibu) is the first live concert video released by Japanese novelty heavy metal band Animetal on May 21 1997. The extended audio version of this concert was released on double-CD On October 1 1999 as Complete First Live (コンプリート・ファースト・ライブ Konpurīto Fāsuto Raibu). Animetalive was re-released on DVD on November 23 2005
 Amulet is the fifth major studio release by Fursaxa.
 Renée Geyer At Her Very Best is the sixth solo album by Australian soul/R&B singer Renée Geyer and her first greatest hits collection covering the first four years of her career. It is the only album with the Renée Geyer Band's original version of Be There in the Morning other than on the impossible-to-find vinyl single.
 Plague of Butterflies is the first EP by the melodic death metal/doom metal band Swallow the Sun. It was released on September 17 2008 in Finland and September 23 2008 worldwide through Spinefarm Records. The song Plague of Butterflies runs about 35 minutes in length and is divided into three parts the first being titled Losing the Sunsets second being Plague of Butterflies and the last titled Evael 10:00.The EP also includes the Out of This Gloomy Light and Swallow (Horror Pt.
 Tilt (known as Thunder Storm in Japan) is the second solo album by English drummer Cozy Powell released in 1981.
 Take No Prisoners is the debut solo album of British rock singer David Byron. It was released whilst he was still vocalist for Uriah Heep and features Heep bandmates Mick Box and Lee Kerslake.
 Bi-Coastal is an album released in 1980 by Australian singer and songwriter Peter Allen. The album is Allen's most successful and was produced by David Foster who also wrote many of its songs. The hit Fly Away originally by Japanese artist Mariya Takeuchi was co-written by Foster and Carole Bayer Sager.
 The Big Picture is the sixth solo studio album by Bap Kennedy released on August 2 2005 on Loose Records. It is a mix of country Americana and Celtic soul with guest vocals by Shane McGowan and also features a song co-written with Van Morrison. On Moriarty's Blues Carolyn Cassady recites from her book Off the Road.In a review by Mojo it was given four out of five stars.
 The Lone Bellow was the first studio album by the American folk rock trio The Lone Bellow. The album was released on January 22 2013 by Descendant Records label and the producer on the album was Charlie Peacock. The album has achieved critical and commercial acclaim.
 Unwritten Law is the third album by the San Diego-based punk rock band Unwritten Law released in 1998 by Interscope Records. It was their first album to chart reaching No. 16 on Billboard's Top Heatseekers chart. Music videos were filmed for the songs Teenage Suicide California Sky Holiday Cailin and Lonesome. Cailin and Lonesome were released as singles the former being Unwritten Law's first song to chart reaching No.
 Live at The Lighthouse is a live album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring a performance recorded at the Lighthouse Club in Hermosa Beach California in 1972 and released on the Blue Note label.
 We All Got Out Of The Army is the 13th full-length solo studio album released by singer-songwriter Robert Pollard since 1996. The album was recorded at producer Todd Tobias's studio in Cleveland Ohio and was released in February 2010. Similar to Elephant Jokes Pollard plays guitar on a few solos on this album.
 From Illmatic to Stillmatic: The Remixes is an extended play album by Nas. It includes six remixed versions of songs from the earlier Nas LPs Illmatic It Was Written and Stillmatic. It was released by Columbia Records on July 2 2002. It features AZ R. Kelly and Foxy Brown.
 Losing Sleep is the seventh solo album by the Scottish singer/songwriter Edwyn Collins released 13 September 2010 on Heavenly Records.The album was recorded at Collins' West Heath Studios and features guest appearances from Franz Ferdinand's Alex Kapranos and Nick McCarthy Aztec Camera's Roddy Frame Johnny Marr The Rockingbirds' Andy Hackett and Sean Read The Cribs' Ryan Jarman and Jacob Graham Connor Hanwick and Jonathan Pierce of The Drums.It reached number 54 in the UK album charts upon its week of release and is his most successful album since 1994's Gorgeous George.
 Shirley Wong is a 1989 album recorded by Chinese Cantopop singer Faye Wong when she was based in Hong Kong then using the stage name Shirley Wong. This is her debut album with Cinepoly.
 Sparks Turn to Flames is a 2003 album by the Icelandic hardcore band I Adapt.
 Part and Parcel is the third extended play released by American post-hardcore band Make Do and Mend. The extended play was released on November 22 2011 through Paper + Plastick records. The EP focuses on stripped down acoustic songs including three acoustic versions of songs from their debut album 'End Measured Mile' two original songs and a cover of Touché Amoré. The record was engineered and produced by Greg Thomas at Silver Bullet Studios in Burlington Connecticut.
 Kako bubanj kaže (As the Lot Decides) is the fourth studio album by Serbian/Yugoslavian New wave band Električni orgazam. It was released in 1984 by Jugoton.
 Put It on the Line is an album by Ghostface Killah & Trife Da God released on Ghostface's own Starks Enterprises label on November 18 2005 (see 2005 in music). According to Trife's Myspace profile the album has sold over 100000 copies independently. Trife's former T.M.F. bandmates Kryme Life and Tommy Whispers make various guest appearances.
 The Young Bloods is an album by trumpeter Donald Byrd and saxophonist Phil Woods recorded in 1956 and released on the Prestige label.
 Why Bother At All is the second EP by Motor Music Records recording artist Koufax.
 Empreinte is a 2004 album by DR Congo soukous band Zaïko Langa Langa.
 Jealous Lover is a four track 12 EP released by the British hard rock band Rainbow in the USA in 1981. The EP reached No. 147 on Billboard Magazine's Top 200 albums chart. Tracks include two songs previously unavailable in the US and two songs from their full length album Difficult to Cure of the same year. The cover art featured the same Hipgnosis photography used for the album with a different background.
 Golden Xplosion (released April 15 2011 in UK by the label Edition Records – EDN1027) is the second album of the Norwegian saxophonist Marius Neset.
 Alonewalk is the third album released by Dave Couse since the breakup of A House his second on 1969 Records. It was mastered by Bob Ludwig and features a duet with Cathal Coughlan on the song Good Friday. The album was released on Good Friday (April 2) in 2010. All songs are written by Dave Couse.
 Arm's Way is the second studio album by Montreal-based Indie rock band Islands. It was released on May 20 2008 on CD and download. The album's title is a play on the words harm's way. The album leaked online on April 11 2008. Nick Thorburn has commented that the album artwork itself resembles a vagina.
 The Rough Guide to World Roots is a world music compilation album originally released in 1999. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the album gives broad coverage to global folk and roots revival music. Five of the fourteen tracks come from The Americas (Ecuador Cuba [2] USA & Brazil) three from Asia (Uzbekistan Indonesia Pakistan) three from Europe (Belgium Italy Hungary) and three from Africa (South Africa & Senegal [2]).
 Unknown Rooms: A Collection of Acoustic Songs is the third studio album from American singer-songwriter Chelsea Wolfe which was released October 16 2012. The album is considered to be a collection of songs that were once-orphaned [and] given a home rather than Wolfe's next full-length album.
 Beauty Was a Tiger is the debut solo album by Australian singer Sarah McLeod. It was released in September 2005 by Festival Mushroom Records.
 Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Covers EP is EP by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers released in 2012 through iTunes as digital-only download. The band first announced the EP through their website on April 19 2012 with the title We Salute You although it was changed on the date of the release. The EP consists of six cover songs live and in the studio of previous Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees all who influenced the band.
 Verbal Remixes & Collaborations was an EP released by Amon Tobin in 2003. It was comprised by featuring tracks from two previously released 12 EPs: Verbal (Remixes) and Collaborations.
 Poetreason: The Songs of Bob Snider is an album released in 1996 featuring various Canadian artists performing the songs of Bob Snider.
 Ecliptica is the first full-length album by the power metal band Sonata Arctica. It was released in 1999 through Spinefarm Records in Europe and through Century Media in the United States. It's the only album featuring bassist Janne Kivilahti.Regarding the track Blank File which covers the topic of privacy on the Internet vocalist Tony Kakko once stated:
 Notes and the Like is the second album by German indietronica band Ms. John Soda. It was released on Morr Music in 2006.
 Phi in the Sky is an EP released by Kidneythieves in 2001 between the albums Trickster and Zerøspace. It features remixes and album versions of songs from Zerøspace.
 Dawn of the Apocalypse is the fourth full length album by the American death metal band Vital Remains. It was produced by Joe Moody and Vital Remains.
 Hidden (often stylized as ĦỊĐĐỂŅ) is the second studio album by British art rock band These New Puritans. Featuring a wider sonic palette than previous work and sections played by a Czech orchestra it was produced by frontman Jack Barnett and former Bark Psychosis leader Graham Sutton during 2009. Barnett learned music notation in order to write the classical parts of the album especially the brass and woodwind audio tracks.
 Acoustic is the 1994 album from The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band.The song Sara In The Summer was originally released as Sara on Ibbotson's first solo album Nitty Gritty Ibbotson in 1977. The Wild Jimbos also included it on the debut album Wild Jimbos in 1991.
 Lessa Habayeb is a 2006 album by Moustafa Amar.
 Ready To Rock is an EP album by the Australian hard rock band Airbourne released in July 2004. The EP was independently released by the band. Only 1000 copies of the EP were pressed making it very scarce.
 Gekokujyo Xstasy (下剋上エクスタシー Gekokujō Ekusutashii Usurpation Ecstasy) is Japanese singer Shiina Ringo’s concert tour in summer 2000 and the live video which recorded this tour.This video was released in VHS and DVD by Toshiba EMI with Shiina’s other live video Hatsuiku Status Gokiritsu Japon (発育ステータス 御起立ジャポン Growth Status - Stand Up Japan) on December 7 2000.
 Pighammer is the debut solo album by Wayne Static released on October 4 2011 through Dirthouse Records. It debuted at number 97 on the Billboard 200 with first week sales of 4700.
 Pustite me da ga vidim (English: Allow Me to See Him) also known as To Miki (English: That Mickey) is the third studio album by Serbian singer Ceca. It was released in 1990. Unlike her previous two albums it was released LP and MC as well as on CD (with twelve bonus tracks from the first two albums.)
 The General Electric is the fourth album released by New Zealand band Shihad in 1999.The producer of this album Garth Richardson is the well respected producer of bands such as Rage Against the Machine Chevelle and Red Hot Chili Peppers.The songs Wait And See Just Like Everybody Else and Spacing all were on previous releases and were re-recorded for the album.Wait And See and Spacing were on the Blue Light Disco EP and Just Like Everybody Else was featured on their single for the track Bitter which was taken from their album Killjoy.My Mind's Sedate The General Electric and Pacifier were all used as singles. 
 Live at the Troubadour is a live album by Carole King and James Taylor released in 2010. The album was recorded at The Troubadour in West Hollywood in November 2007 to celebrate the venue's 50th anniversary. It was also the first venue that King and Taylor played together in November 1970.King and Taylor also mounted the Troubadour Reunion Tour in Australia New Zealand Japan and North America during 2010.The album debuted at #4 in the United States with first-week sales of 78000.
 Warm Girl is an EP by Canadian indie band Eric's Trip. It was released in 1992 on cassette by the band and rereleased on vinyl in 1993 by Derivative Records. Several vinyl colours exist; confirmed colours include blue red clear and standard black.
 Basra is the debut album by American drummer Pete La Roca recorded in 1965 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Love Put a Song in My Heart is a compilation album of pop and country songs recorded by Debby Boone from 1977 to 1981 culled from her first five albums on the Warner Bros./Curb label. The compilation included Boone's number-one pop and AC hit You Light Up My Life and her number-one country hit Are You on the Road to Lovin' Me Again.
 Atado a Tu Amor (English: Tied to Your Love) is the ninth album by Puerto Rican singer Chayanne released on September 28 1998 (see 1998 in music). It received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album.
 Voices is the sixth album by English singer-songwriter Claire Hamill released in 1986. The title refers to the fact that the album's mostly-instrumental music is entirely a capella created by sampling and multi-tracking Hamill's voice.
 N is the fifth full-length studio album by Finnish melodic death metal band Norther. The album was released through Century Media Records on February 13 2008 for Finland and other dates in February for other parts of Europe. The track Frozen Angel from their previous EP No Way Back was re-recorded for the album. We Rock and Frozen Angel have been made into music videos. This is also the last Norther album to have founding member Petri Lindroos on vocal and guitar duties.
 Oak Mountain 2001 – Night 1 is a live album by Athens Georgia's Widespread Panic. This album features a multi-track recording of a performance by the band at Oak Mountain Amphitheater in Pelham Alabama from 2001. The 3-disc set is the eighth multi-track release from the Widespread Panic Archives. The performance was recorded live on July 27 2001. The album was released online and in local independent record stores on May 28th 2013 and is available on CD or as a digital download.
 Superstar Car Wash is the fourth studio album by American rock band Goo Goo Dolls released in February 1993 on Warner Bros. John Rzeznik wrote the song We Are the Normal with his idol The Replacements' singer Paul Westerberg. The two corresponded by mail but never sat in a studio together. The song Fallin' Down was featured in the 1993 Pauly Shore movie Son In Law.
 The Winner's Journey is the debut studio album by Australian Idol 2007 winner Natalie Gauci.
 Behind the Harmony is a 2006 rap album by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony.
 So Much 2 Say released in 1990 on Warner Bros. Records is a Gospel music album by American contemporary Gospel music group Take 6.
 Shake A Bone is the fifth album by Son of Dave and was released in 2010. The track Shake a Bone was featured on a season 3 episode of Breaking Bad.
 Those of the Unlight is the second studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was released in October 1993 by Osmose Productions and reissued in digipak format on April 4 2006 by Regain Records with bonus videos of three songs performed live on August 12 1993. It is the first album the band produced in a proper black metal style as opposed to the blackened death metal approach of their 1992 debut Dark Endless.
 Everyone Alive Wants Answers is an album by Colleen released in 2003.
 Drag is a cover album by k.d. lang released in 1997; most of its songs feature a smoking motif although some address broader issues of dependence and/or addiction.
 Balladyna is an album by Polish jazz trumpeter and composer Tomasz Stańko recorded in 1975 and released on the ECM label.
 Cantus Buranus is the recording album by the German medieval revival band Corvus Corax that employs the medieval text Carmina Burana. Cantus Buranus is a stage opera of eleven poems from Carmina Burana for orchestra choir and medieval instruments incorporating medieval classical and modern musical idioms.
 Viimeinen Atlantis (in English The Last Atlantis) is the fourth album by Finnish thrash metal band Stam1na. It was released on February 10 2010. It features keyboardist Emil Lähteenmäki for the first time as a permanent band member.The album's lyrics deal with climate change and consumption culture. The album is a record from an era in which the warning signs were visible for everyone.
 A Weekend in the City is the second studio album by British indie rock band Bloc Party. It was recorded at Grouse Lodge Studios in Westmeath Ireland in mid-2006 and was produced by Jacknife Lee. The album was refined and mixed at several locations in London at the end of 2006. It was released on 24 January 2007 in Japan and in the first week of February in the rest of the world with Wichita Recordings as the primary label.
 Greatest Remix Hits is a 2006 remix album and DVD compilation by 2 Unlimited a Eurodance project founded in 1991 by Belgian producers Jean-Paul DeCoster and Phil Wilde and fronted by Dutch rapper Ray Slijngaard and Dutch vocalist Anita Doth.
 Scars on Broadway is the debut album by Scars on Broadway a band consisting of System of a Down members Daron Malakian and John Dolmayan. The album contains fifteen tracks all written by Malakian.The album opened at #17 on the Billboard 200 with 24000 copies.As of April 2010 the album has sold 83000 copies in the US.
 The Very Best of ELO is a music video collection featuring thirteen Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) promotional videos released in 1991 on VHS by Telstar Video Entertainment. The videos are taken from A New World Record Out of the Blue and Discovery This is so far the only ELO compilation video ever released and includes three non-single videos.
 The Addams Family Values: Music from the Motion Picture album was released on Atlas Records in late 1993 to promote Addams Family Values a sequel to the 1991 film The Addams Family.
 Deep Purple also referred to as Deep Purple III is the third studio album by English rock band Deep Purple released in 1969 on Harvest Records in the UK and on Tetragrammaton in the US. It was to be the last album with the original lineup.It was released at a time when the band were starting to grow as performers both live and in the studio finding their direction musically. There were some conflicts over whether the band should continue on their rawer heavier direction.
 Trust Issues with Magicians is the second of two demos created by Welsh pop punk band Kids In Glass Houses. The demo featured Telenovela and a track which has not been released elsewhere yet Flirting With Widows (which can now be found through various P2P Networks). The demo was sold as various gigs and was also handed out for free on Tesco copy CDs featuring simply 'KIGH' written in marker on the CD along with being given away with candy canes in one case.
 Disinformation is an experimental rock and New Wave album released by Tin Huey in 1999 through Future Fossil Records.
 The Lazy Line Painter Jane box set was a re-release of Belle & Sebastian's 1997 EPs Dog on Wheels Lazy Line Painter Jane and 3.. 6.. 9 Seconds of Light. The release contained original pressings of the CD versions of the three EPs in a card slipcase with new artwork. The slipcase was also available to purchase via the band's record label Jeepster for anyone who already owned the releases.
 Glitter is the soundtrack album to the film of the same name and the eighth studio album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey released on September 11 2001 by Virgin Records. The album was a complete musical departure from any of Carey's previous releases focusing heavily on recreating a 1980s disco era to accompany the film set in 1982.
 Heroes & Friends is an album released in 1990 by American country music artist Randy Travis. Except for the title track (which is reprised at the end) every song on this album is a duet with another recording artist. A Few Ole Country Boys (a duet with George Jones) and the title track were both released as singles from this album peaking at #8 and #3 respectively on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts in 1990.
 Mighty Love is the fourth studio album recorded by American R&B group The Spinners released in March 1974 on the Atlantic label. It was the Spinners' second album for Atlantic and like their breakthrough Atlantic debut Spinners was produced by Thom Bell at Sigma Sound Studios in Philadelphia.
 La Vie Théodore is a 2005 album recorded by French singer Alain Souchon. It was his eleventh studio album and was released on 2 September 2005. It achieved smash success in France where it remained for 66 weeks in the top 200 including two weeks at the top. It was also successful in Belgium (Wallonia) (#1) and hit a moderate success in Switzerland (#3). It provided two singles : Et si en plus y'a personne (#19 in France #12 in Belgium) and La Vie Théodore (#68 in France).
 Tools of the Trade is an EP by British extreme metal band Carcass. It was released through Earache Records on 23 June 1992.
 Jardin secret is the sixth studio album by Belgian singer Axelle Red. It was released in October 2006.Temps pour Nous was the first single released from the Jardin Secret.
 The Apostles Creed is an album of songs by Keith Getty and Stuart Townend featuring many guest performers assembled by producer John Hartley. As its title suggests the songs reflect various aspects of the Christian Apostles' Creed. All songs are by Getty and Townend except Merciful God which is also by Kristyn Getty.
 The Top is the fifth studio album by English band The Cure released on 30 April 1984 by Fiction Records.
 Sgt. Hetfield's Motorbreath Pub Band is the first published album from Beatallica. It contains 13 tracks made from combinations of The Beatles and Metallica songs and was released on Tuesday July 10 2007. Majority of the tracks are re-recordings of songs from the band's EP releases A Garage Dayz Nite and Beatallica.
 Você Não Precisa Entender (Portuguese for You Don't Have to Understand) is the third studio album by Brazilian rock band Capital Inicial. It was released in 1988.
 Ghosts of the Great Highway is the 2003 debut album by San Francisco quartet Sun Kil Moon led by Red House Painters' founder Mark Kozelek who composed all of the lyrics and music on this album. The other members are Anthony Koutsos (former drummer for Red House Painters) Geoff Stanfield and Tim Mooney.Three of the album's songs are named after boxers following on from Find Me Ruben Olivares from Kozelek's debut solo EP Rock 'n' Roll Singer.
 Pitch Perfect: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the official music for the 2012 film Pitch Perfect. The soundtrack was released digitally on September 25 2012 and physically on October 2 2012.
 More Than Just a DJ is the third studio album by DJ Kayslay. It was released on February 9 2010. It was released 6 days before Valentine's Day.
 Hai Koi Hum Jaisa is a compilation album by Strings that was released in 2003.
 Caméléon is the fourth album by French singer Shy'm released on 25 June 2012 on Warner Music France. Most of the material was written by Louis Côté and Cyril Kamar (also known as K.Maro) with some contributions from Tiery-F (On se fout de nous and En plein cœur) and by soFLY & Nius (Sur la route). The album expanded on the Pop sound of previous album Prendre l'air largely abandoning the R&B sound that Shy'm had previously developed.
 Savin' the Honky Tonk is the eleventh studio album by American country music artist Mark Chesnutt. His first album for the Vivtaon! label it features the singles The Lord Loves the Drinkin' Man I'm a Saint and A Hard Secret to Keep which reached #34 #33 and #59 respectively on the Hot Country Songs charts.Three of this album's tracks were previously recorded by other artists.
 The Supremes Sing Holland–Dozier–Holland (issued internationally as The Supremes Sing Motown) is a 1967 album by The Supremes for Motown. It includes the number-one hit singles You Keep Me Hangin' On and Love Is Here and Now You're Gone. As the title states: all songs on the album were written and produced by Motown's main songwriting team of Holland–Dozier–Holland.
 Welcome Home is the debut solo album by Backstreet Boys member Brian Littrell. The album was released on the Reunion Records label. The album peaked on the Billboard 200 at #74 and #3 on the Christian Albums chart. Four singles have been released from the album: Welcome Home (You) which charted at #1 in various radio stations In Christ Alone Wish and Over My Head. The album has sold over 100000 copies in U.S as of April 2007.
 Lust is the second album by Depth Charge and alias of UK producer Jonathan Saul Kane. After five years with very little activity under the Depth Charge name Kane returned with two albums almost at once (Lust 2 followed only a month later).
 The Defenestration of St. Martin is the 2012 debut album by former Gene lead singer Martin Rossiter.
 Sinners and Saints is the third release by New York based punk/glam rock band Toilet Böys.
 Decisions was the fifth studio album by American gospel group The Winans released in 1987 under Qwest Records. The album was written and produced by Marvin Winans along with music producer Quincy Jones and Barry Hankerson. The album is a blend of contemporary gospel and R&B also includes the Grammy winning single Ain't No Need to Worry featuring singer Anita Baker and Love Has No Color featuring singer-songwriter Michael McDonald.
 Bone & Bari is an album by American trombonist Curtis Fuller recorded in 1957 and released on the Blue Note label as BLP 1572.
 Ascension of the Watchers is the project of Burton C. Bell (Fear Factory and City of Fire) and John Bechdel (False Icons Fear Factory Killing Joke Prong Murder Inc. and Ministry)The EP was released in two formats: a limited edition of 500 copies manufactured in 12 vinyl black color and Enhanced CD a limited edition of 1000 copies. The CD includes five songs and a video for On the River an interview with Burton and John and links to websites.
 Just Colour is a 1968 psychedelic garage rock album by The Lollipop Shoppe. Just Colour is the only album released by the group.
 If God Had Curves is the fourth album by David Usher released in 2005 (see 2005 in music). The album includes the first single Love Will Save the Day as well as 10 other new songs.Guest musicians on the album include Bruce Cockburn and Tegan Quin.
 Phalanx is the first live album released by iconic Australian surf rock band Australian Crawl. It was recorded live at concerts at Bombay Rock Gold Coast Queensland and at the Sydney Entertainment Centre in October 1983 during the 'Semantics' tour. The album was initially released on vinyl in December 1983 and was re-released on CD in May 1995.
 Land of the Midnight Sun is the first album by Al Di Meola released in 1976. The complex pieces (which include the three-part Suite-Golden Dawn an acoustic duet with Chick Corea on Short Tales of the Black Forest and a brief Bach violin sonata) show Di Meola's range even at this early stage.
 Kick in the Eye EP (also known as Searching for Satori EP and Kick in the Eye (Searching for Satori)) is an EP released by the British band Bauhaus. It was released in February 1982 and reached number 45 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Dirty Little Secrets: music to STRIP by... is the first remix album by industrial music group My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult.The album is a collection of remixes b-sides and previously unreleased tracks reminiscent of their Sexplosion! and Hit & Run Holiday era sound
 Best of the West is a compilation recording by the Western band Riders in the Sky released in 1987. It is available as a single CD and contains highlights from their first five albums on the Rounder label.By this point in their career Riders in the Sky have become recognized as Western music authorities. They were at the forefront of sparking a revival of interest in Western music in the style of the Sons of the Pioneers. This album presents classic cowboy songs and new originals.
 Mägo de Oz was Mägo de Oz's debut album released in 1994. It was edited and re-released in 1999.
 Cirque is an album by ambient musician Biosphere which was released in 2000.Miss Kittin used Le Grand Dôme on her mix album A Bugged Out Mix.Cirque is dedicated to the memory of Christopher McCandless.
 El Aaiun egdat is the third album of Sahrawi singer Mariem Hassan. The album reached Number 1 on the World Music Charts Europe (WMCE) on June and July 2012. It was also elected as the best album presented at the 2012 edition of the World Village Festival in Helsinki Finland.
 New Roman Times is an album by musical group Camper Van Beethoven released October 12 2004 on Pitch-A-Tent Records. It is the band's first studio album of new material since they released Key Lime Pie in 1989 before dissolving in 1990.The core lineup on the album consists of David Lowery Jonathan Segel Victor Krummenacher Greg Lisher Chris Pedersen and David Immerglück all who played in earlier lineups of the band.
 Destiny is the third studio album from American R&B group Shai released on February 16 1999 by Big Play Records.
 The Dreaded P. D. Q. Bach Collection is a collection of works by Peter Schickele under the pseudonym of P. D. Q. Bach originally recorded on the Vanguard Records label by the composer. It includes the complete contents of the first five P. D. Q. Bach albums plus the never-before-released Sanka Cantata.
 IV: Deasupra tuturor is the third studio album by Romanian hip hop group B.U.G. Mafia. It was released on November 10 1997 by Cat Music in Romania receiving universal acclaim from the group's fans as the way the tracks sounded was noticeably different from the previous three albums. It went on to sell over 55000 copies with basically no promotion at all due to the violent nature of its content and it remains one of the best-selling hip hop albums in Romania. B.U.G.
 City of Kings is the tenth album by rapper X-Raided released in conjunction with rapper Kingpen. It was released on July 2 2002 for Out of Bounds Records and featured production from X-Raided and Big Hollis.
 3 is the third studio album by The Atomic Bitchwax released on June 7 2005 by MeteorCity. 3It was the first album recorded with lead guitarist Finn Ryan of Atlantic recording artist Core.
 Homecoming! is an album by jazz pianist Elmo Hope recorded in 1961 for the Riverside label.
 Buddy Rich Live at Ronnie Scott's also released as The Man From Planet Jazz is a 1980 jazz big band recording made by the Buddy Rich Big Band at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in London. Not to be confused with the earlier 1971 Buddy Rich Big Band RCA double LP Very Alive at Ronnie Scotts.
 Music is My Silence the first and only solo album to date by Belinda O'Hooley was released on 13 June 2005 on the Rabble Rouser label distributed by Cadiz Music. Reviewer David Kidman of Netrhythms.com described it as a commanding and defiant set of thoroughly contemporary-sounding songs.
 Danzig 777: I Luciferi /ˌiː luːsɨˈfɛraɪ/ is the seventh album from Danzig. It was released in 2002 on Glenn Danzig's Evilive label and distributed by Spitfire Records. Danzig stated that this album was the last in a series of seven numbered albums each with its own general concept.Over the months following the tour for this album each of the other band members left to pursue other projects. Most notably Joey Castillo joined Queens of the Stone Age.
 Kore de Yoroshikatta Deshō ka. (これでよろしかったでしょうか。 lit. That is If You Don't Mind) is the third album by Japanese hard rock band Rider Chips released November 11 2009. It is the first of their albums released on their independent label instead of through avex mode. The catalogue code for this album is RC-0002 and DAKRCC-2. The first presses of the album include a special version of the cover art.
 Godsdog is the second album of De-Phazz released in 1999.
 The Original Edit is the third official album by producer Dr. Zeus. All the vocals of this album were by Lehmber Hussainpuri. This album was released in May 2005 after much controversy. This album had no singles or music videos released because of the delay and big budget. This album was the reason for the breakup between two great bhangra performers: Lehmber Hussainpuri & Dr. Zeus
 Other People's Songs is a cover album by Erasure.The album was originally conceived as a solo project for singer Andy Bell. Once Vince Clarke the other member of Erasure became involved it was released as Erasure's tenth studio album. The tracks were handpicked by Clarke and Bell as ones that influenced them as musicians.[citation needed] It was released in the UK and the U.S.
 Triple Time Dance is a full-length album from electronic artist Susumu Yokota released in Japan in 2006. In it Yokota attempts a somewhat unconventional sequence of deep techno arrangements featuring relentless triple metre structures.
 What the Toll Tells is the second album recorded by Two Gallants released in February 2006 (see 2006 in music). It was recorded at Tiny Telephone Studios San Francisco in during July 2005. This album is the 91st release of Saddle Creek Records.
 METZ is eponymous debut album by Toronto band METZ released October 9 2012 on Sub Pop Records. The album received mostly positive reviews when it was released.
 Everything In Between is the third studio album from the duo No Age and second to be released through Sub Pop. The album's first single was Glitter. The album's artwork was designed by Brian Roettinger who also designed the artwork for Nouns. In late August Sub Pop posted a trailer on their Vimeo page for the album featuring a leather bound figure pumping a device to the beat of Life Prowler. On September 21 No Age released the album for streaming on The Guardian website.
 The Awakening is the third album by English singer songwriter and guitarist James Morrison it was released on 26 September 2011. I Won't Let You Go was the first single released from the album in the United Kingdom. The album was certified Gold in the United Kingdom just two weeks after release. The album has been certified platinum in the UK for sales over 500000 copies and has sold 1000000 copies of this album worldwide.
 Exit is an album by guitarist Pat Martino which was recorded in 1976 and first released on the Muse label.
 Raccolto is an album by Italian pianist Stefano Battaglia recorded in 2005 and released on the ECM label.
 Life is Killing Me is the sixth album by Type O Negative. The title was originally going to be The Dream is Dead (which is the name of the last track on the album) but it was supposedly changed because it suggested that the band may finally be ending.[citation needed] However the last release wasn't until 2007 when the band released Dead Again and the band's ending wasn't confirmed until months after Steele's death.
 Chapter II is the third studio album by British record producer Benga. The album was released on 6 May 2013 through Sony Music. It entered the UK Albums Chart at number 93.
 At the Scene is an album by the progressive bluegrass Maryland band The Seldom Scene.
 Wake Up is the debut album by the American Christian rock artist Paige Armstrong. The album produced by Chris Omartian and Brian Hitt was released on October 6 2009 under Whiplash Records (though Armstrong is part of the iShine family) and marks the beginning of Armstrong's professional career after her struggle with cancer.
 Urban Breeze (released 2003 in Oslo Norway by Tylden & Co – GTACD 8223) is an album by the Norwegian jazz band The Swing Pack.
 Sketches in Rhythm is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan composer/arranger/conductor Aldemaro Romero released in 1958 under contract with RCA Victor. Performed by Aldemaro Romero and his dance orchestra.
 Amneesia is the fourth album by Estonian punk rock band Singer Vinger and the second to be released on CD.
 The DJ 4 In The Mix is the fourth DJ mix compilation by German producer and remixer ATB which was released on December 28 2007. Like his last three mix compilations The DJ 4 is a double-CD album and includes songs by various DJs and producers all mixed and compiled by ATB.ATB has collaborated with many important artists for this release including French electronic composer and worldwide artist Jean Michel Jarre.
 Metal For Muthas is the name given to a series of heavy metal compilations made during the New Wave of British Heavy Metal (NWOBHM). The original compilation was Metal For Muthas released in February 1980. The compilation was a sampling of various better-known artists of the NWOBHM primarily known for having some of the earliest recorded material by heavy metal legends Iron Maiden.
 Siempre is an album by the group Magneto. It was edited on January 16 1996 by the record label Sony Music.
 Torchwood: Children of Earth: Original Television Soundtrack is a soundtrack album which was released on 7 July 2009 containing incidental music composed by Ben Foster used in the third series (Children of Earth) of the British science fiction television programme Torchwood which aired July 2009.Unlike with the Torchwood: Original Television Soundtrack the album was released simultaneously for download with the official release of 7 July 2009.
 Sing Me a Song of Songmy (subtitled A Fantasy For Electromagnetic Tape) is an album by jazz trumpeter Freddie Hubbard and Ilhan Mimaroglu released in 1971. It was Hubbard's third album released on the Atlantic label and features performances by Hubbard tenor saxophonist Junior Cook pianist Kenny Barron bassist Art Booth and drummer Louis Hayes.
 Stop is an album by Plain White T's. It was first released by Plain White T's on So Happy Publishing in 2001 and re-released twice first in 2002 by Fearless Records and again in 2007 with three bonus tracks.
 Before & After is an album containing a collection of the greatest hits by Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Magnate y Valentino.
 Blue Moods is 1955 album by Miles Davis. It brings Miles Davis together with Charles Mingus accompanied by Elvin Jones on drums. The arrangement of Alone Together was by Charles Mingus while the other tracks were arranged by Teddy Charles. It was released on Mingus's own Debut Records label.
 Door Door is the debut album by Australian rock band The Birthday Party released under the name The Boys Next Door in 1979. The Album was recorded before the band left Australia for London in 1980 at which point they changed their name to The Birthday Party and created the body of work for which they are most recognized. Likewise the album is different stylistically from their later work being less dark and slightly more poppy.
 Bola Sete at the Monterey Jazz Festival is a live album by Brazilian guitarist Bola Sete released in 1967 through Verve Records.
 Full-length self-titled debut album of the Dutch Power metal/Viking metal band Elexorien.
 Head Warlock Double Stare is the fourth studio album by electronic music group Freescha released September 19 2006 on Attack Nine Records.
 Acoustic LP is a limited run tour only album by Christians & Lions. It was recorded by Djim Reynolds at The Estate in Leominster Massachusetts. Art by Conor Morey-Barret. Photos by Athena Moore. Mastered by Justin Shrutz & Jason Finkel at Sterling Sound in NYC. Thanks to Dave Conway.It is available to download for free on the band's website for a suggested donation.
 Greatest Hits is the first collection of Maureen McGovern's previously recorded material. It is not accurate to call this album Greatest Hits as it is more a re-release of McGovern's self-titled album from 1979 with her biggest hit The Morning After replacing a memorable album track titled Life's a Long Way to Run and rearranging the album's track-listing.
 Freddie and the Dreamers is the eponymous debut album from the British Invasion band from Manchester England. It was released in the United Kingdom in 1963 peaking at number five in the UK Albums Chart and reaching number 19 in the US albums chart on May 22 1965. It was the only 331⁄3 RPM record by the group to chart in America.
 Paris to Purple City is the second album by Purple City released on November 8 2005 through Babygrande Records. The album was a collaboration between Purple City members Agallah and Un Kasa and French hip hop artists.
 Serious is an album by American blues guitarist Luther Allison released in 1987 on the Blind Pig label.
 The Best of Mickey Hart: Over the Edge and Back is a retrospective album by Mickey Hart. It was released by Rykodisc Records on April 23 2002 in two formats — CD and DVD-Audio. It contains music excerpted from six of Hart's albums – Diga (1976) The Apocalypse Now Sessions (1980) At the Edge (1990) Planet Drum (1991) Mickey Hart's Mystery Box (1996) and Supralingua (1998).
 Sings Evergreens is a compilation of recordings by French singer Amanda Lear released in Germany in December 2005 by label Dance Street a sub-label of Siebenpunkts Verlags Gmbh/ZYX Music/Mint Records).
 Roses & Razorblades is the second album by rapper Hush. It was released in 2002.
 The Story of Them Featuring Van Morrison is a compilation album that includes almost every song recorded by the Northern Irish band Them during the two year history of the band when it featured Van Morrison as the vocalist for the group.
 Ichabod and I is the debut album by British indie rock band The Boo Radleys released in 1990 on the indie label Action Records. Steve Hewitt the drummer for this album would later join Placebo.
 The Whole Enchilada is the second release by Burrito Deluxe. Following the release of their first album Tommy Spurlock and Willie Watson departed and the band assembled a touring lineup that added Jeff Stick Davis on bass and Garth Hudson of The Band on keyboards.
 The New Noise Theology E.P. is a release by Swedish hardcore/punk band Refused which features their flagship song New Noise and the previously unreleased songs Blind Date and Poetry Written in Gasoline. A remix of Refused Are Fucking Dead a song found on The Shape of Punk to Come also features on the album. These songs later appeared in the same order on the 2004 re-issue of The E.P.
 Ciara: The Evolution is the second studio album by American recording artist Ciara released on December 5 2006 by LaFace Records. The album is separated into five sections with each showcasing a different side of Ciara's artistry. The first features crunk and uptempo records which mainly deal with feminine independence while its successor entitled The Evolution of Music features ballads dealing with the positives and struggles of love.
 Shout the Truth is the debut full-length album by American metalcore band Confide released on June 17 2008 The album was released on Science Records (Warner Bros.) the same label as Blessthefall and Greeley Estates were on at that time before the label shut-down. Shout the Truth was the first album featuring England-native Ross Kenyon besides the group's 2008 demo recording. Two of the songs from the demo were also re-recorded for this full-length; Zeal and The Bigger Picture.
 Revelation is the third studio album released by the late 1990s pop/R&B boy band 98 Degrees. It was released on September 26 2000. It features the hit single Give Me Just One Night (Una Noche). The album did well on the charts debuting at #2 on the Billboard 200 selling 276343 copies in the first week. This was their best album in the first week of release and their highest debut on the Billboard 200.
 Pride is the third album by Phosphorescent and his first on the Dead Oceans label. It was released on October 23 2007.The song Wolves was used in the 2011 film Margin Call starring Kevin Spacey and Jeremy Irons.
 The Philosopher's Stone is a compilation album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison released in 1998 (see 1998 in music).The songs released on this 2-CD thirty track album were previously unreleased outtakes from 1969 to 1988.
 Seven is the fifth album by the Scottish Celtic rock band Wolfstone. It was released in 1999 after a short hiatus down to poor management by Green Linnet Records. The album a comeback was considered a success by the band. After its release Wolfstone recorded a live album Not Enough Shouting.
 Knife Play is the first album by Xiu Xiu released in 2002.
 Demise is the third album by Missing Foundation released in 1989 through Humanity Records.
 Professor Ratbaggy is the debut eponymous album by Australian rock/pop band Professor Ratbaggy and originally released on EMI Records in 1999. Coma was released as a single it was written by band members Stephen Hadley (bass guitar backing vocals) Bruce Haymes (keyboards organ backing vocals) Paul Kelly (guitar vocals) and Peter Luscombe (drums) who were all members of Kelly's backing band. Coma was remixed by Wicked Beat Sound System.
 The Hastily Cobbled Together for a Fast Buck Album is a bootleg album (first issued in 1981) by Monty Python of unused material from the recording sessions of their Charisma albums compiled by their producer Andre Jacquemin. Mike Hurley was the introduction voice over who Andre was working with at the time.
 Siogo is the sixth album by the American Southern rock band Blackfoot released in 1983.
 Supergrass Is 10 is a compilation album celebrating the first 10 years of the band Supergrass. It includes singles from their first release Caught by the Fuzz (1994) to their then latest release Kiss of Life (2004).The compilation was released on CD DVD and double 10 clear vinyl record. The DVD release contains 2 discs. The first disc is a documentary of the band's first 10 years.
 No Kinda Dancer is the first album by Texas-based Folk singer-songwriter Robert Earl Keen originally released in the United States on the Austin TX based Workshop Records label in 1984. A few months later the album was issued by Philo Records and re-released in 2004 by KOCH Records with additional tracks. Notable for The Front Porch Song co-written by Lyle Lovett.
 Detonautas Roque Clube is the debut album released in 2002 by the alternative rock band with the same name.
 The Cloud Room is the first album by The Cloud Room released in 2005. The album track Hey Now Now was used in advertising for the carbonated drink Pepsi which helped the band win a large group of fans.[citation needed]
 Imperfectly is the third studio album by singer-songwriter Ani DiFranco released in 1992 (see 1992 in music).
 Fifi is the third studio album by the Dutch band the Heideroosjes.
 2nd Debut the proposed second album by The Sinceros produced by Paul Riley was test pressed but then recalled shelved and was essentially reworked into Pet Rock under the guidance of producer Gus Dudgeon.
 You Come and Go Like a Pop Song is an album by The Bicycle Thief released in 1999 and again with a different tracklisting in 2001.The Bicycle Thief's main song writing is done by frontman Bob Forrest singer for LA band Thelonious Monster and occasional collaborator of former Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist John Frusciante. Forrest is mentioned in Anthony Kiedis's Scar Tissue but briefly.
 A Party Political Broadcast (on Behalf of the Emotional Party) is the title of Ian McNabb's 4th solo album after leaving The Icicle Works. The album peaked at No. 162 on the official UK charts.
 Forever Young is the first mini album released by Sam Concepcion in commemoration of his 10th Year Anniversary in Showbiz Industry. It was released on September 2011 under Universal Records.
 Transit is the fourth album by American singer-songwriter A. J. Croce released in 2000 (see 2000 in music).
 Cold Water Music was the debut album released by Aim in 1999. It was re-issued in 2007.
 B-sides & Live (2001–2005) is a compilation album by Echo & the Bunnymen which was released on 3 December 2007 and is only available as an MP3 download.
 Boneclouds is the fifth album by Mason Jennings. It was released in 2006 on Epic Records.
 Quiet Music (1988) is an album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach. The material on this release consists of the entirety of the cassette album Quiet Music 2 plus the first half of Quiet Music 3.
 Live at Ronnie Scott's is an album by Curtis Mayfield recorded at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club.
 Pony Express Record is a 1994 album by the Washington D.C.-based post-hardcore group Shudder to Think. It was their first album to be recorded for Epic records. Although switching to a major label from the independent Dischord records shocked and alienated some fans of the group Pony Express Record proved to be a challenging release mixing musical styles as diverse as jazz art-rock glam post-punk noise rock and folk.
 Rainbow is the fifth studio album by Ayumi Hamasaki. It was released on December 18 2002 by Avex Trax less than a year after her previous studio effort I am.... The album sold about 445000 copies on the first day of its release and also became number one on the Oricon Daily Charts and also topped the weekly charts.
 Sheet Music is the second album by Stockport rock band 10cc. It was released in 1974 on UK records (No: UKAL 1007) and yielded the hit singles The Wall Street Shuffle and Silly Love. The album reached No.9 in the UK and No.81 in the United States. It was produced by 10cc engineered and mixed by Eric Stewart.Kevin Godley nominated Sheet Music as his favourite 10cc album to record. Graham Gouldman has also expressed that he considers Sheet Music as the best 10cc album.
 Milord is an Italian album by Dalida. It contains her Italy's Top 10 hits like Milord Gli zingari Uno a te uno a me (also as I ragazzi del Pireo) and Pezzetinni di bikini.
 iTunes Originals – Ben Folds is an iTunes Originals album release from Ben Folds that consists of live tracks previously released studio tracks and interview tracks. The album as a whole is $16.99 or one can download each individual song but not the interview clips for $0.99 each. Official physical copies of this album do not exist; it is only available through the iTunes Store.
 Christmas Extraordinaire is Mannheim Steamroller's sixth Christmas album overall and the group's fourth Christmas studio album. The album was originally released in 2001. The song O Tannenbaum features a lead vocal by Johnny Mathis.Five of the album's tracks were included in the group's 2004 compilation Christmas Celebration.As of December 17 2012 Christmas Extraordinaire was the twelfth best-selling Christmas/holiday album in the U.S.
 Inside is the second album by German progressive rock band Eloy. It was released in 1973.
 Unstoppable is the soundtrack to the 2010 film of the same name directed by Tony Scott. It was composed by Harry Gregson-Williams. It was released on December 7 2010.
 Achirana is an album by Greek composer and pianist Vassilis Tsabropoulos with bassist Arild Andersen and drummer John Marshall recorded in 1999 and released on the ECM label.
 Lifelines is the second studio album by Andrea Corr. It was released on 29 May 2011 as a digital download and 30 May 2011 on CD. The album consists of covers of songs by The Velvet Underground Kirsty MacColl Harry Nilsson Ron Sexsmith Nick Drake The Blue Nile and others. The lead single Tinseltown in the Rain was released to the iTunes Store on 17 April 2011.
 The fourth album by Naturally 7 released on Virgin Germany on September 30 2006. The album peaked at number 67 in France. Ready II Fly debuted at number 14 on the Australian ARIA Charts as of June 13 2008. This follows a successful tour of Australia as the supporting act of Michael Bublé.
 Anthems is the sixth EP by American thrash metal band Anthrax. It was released on March 19 2013 through Megaforce Records in North America and three days later in Europe by Nuclear Blast. This was the group's last release to feature lead guitarist Rob Caggiano who left the band subsequently.
 Electronic Projects for Musicians is a b-sides and rarities compilation album by The Apples in Stereo. It was released April 1 2008 under the Simian Records Yep Roc Records and Elephant 6 labels.
 Mail Order Magic is the second solo album by singer Roger Chapman and his then band The Shortlist released in 1980. The production of this album was sort of troublesome and difficult but at the end a convincing and powerful album was released
 Iron Man: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album to the 2008 film of the same name. It was released on May 6 2008. It is composed by Ramin Djawadi.
 The Violin Player was the first techno/pop album by classical and pop musician Vanessa-Mae released in 1995 (see 1995 in music). It is also the first album Vanessa-Mae released on the EMI label. The Album was produced by Mike Batt and recorded and mixed by Gareth Cousins who also programmed the synthesisers and beats for the album.The Violin Player has a varied blend of music – covers of some classical (J.S.
 Milk and Honey is an album credited to John Lennon and Yoko Ono released in 1984. It is Lennon's eighth and final studio album and the first posthumous release of Lennon's music having been recorded in the last months of his life during and following the sessions for their 1980 album Double Fantasy. It was assembled by Yoko Ono in association with the Geffen label.
 Desetka is the third album by Hladno pivo. It was recorded in March 1997.
 From Here You'll Watch the World Go By is 1995 album by The Legendary Pink Dots.
 Minx was the first album released by Toyah Willcox as a solo artist.It has something of a controversial reputation as it represented a departure from her previous works which tended toward thematic albums written almost in their entirety by Willcox and long-standing band members such as Joel Bogen and Phil Spalding. As an attempt to make a more polished pop album and (supposedly) to break into the U.S.
 Released in 2001 on Deep Shag Records Lunch with the Devil includes the songs Poodlecide a tribute to 1980s metal icon Ronnie James Dio (Dio Rocks!) and a twisted ballad of unbidden lust (The Thighs of Tammy Faye). Of interest to listeners of the Dr. Demento Radio Show is the first official release of a song that's been played for years called Woke Up Dis Mornin'.
 Love Peace & Poetry - Vol. 6 Brazil is the sixth volume in the Love Peace & Poetry series released by QDK Media and Normal Records in 2003. This volume explores obscuro garage rock and psychedelic rock bands from Brazil.
 Def Con Zero is an album by Cloak-n-Dagga a group composed of rappers Canibus and Phoenix Orion released on October 25 2005 through Head Trauma Records and First Kut Records. The album features K-Solo Kool G Rap and Free among others. A DVD with over an hour's worth of material concerning the rappers and the creation of the album is included.
 Concerto Maximo is a live album by the British progressive rock band Pendragon released in 2009 recorded in Katowice on October 13 2008. It was filmed and edited by Metal Mind. It was released in several versions - a 2 CD release featuring just the audio from the show a DVD featuring the full show and a DVD and 2 CD special edition which was limited to 1000 copies.
 Le 7 secondes... is a promotional EP by Anodajay released in 2005.
 Natasa is an album by popular Greek artist Natasa Theodoridou. It was released on November 27 2007 by Sony BMG Greece. All the lyrics in the album by Ilias Filippou and all the music by Kyriakos Papadopoulos
 Mingus Three (also referred to as Trio) is an album by American bassist composer and bandleader Charles Mingus with pianist Hampton Hawes and drummer Dannie Richmond which was recorded in 1957 and first released on the Jubilee label.
 Out of the Cool is a jazz album by The Gil Evans Orchestra recorded in 1960 and released on the Impulse! label the following year. The album was one of Impulse!'s first four albums released together and featured a gatefold design and high production values.
 Evolution is an album by jazz vibraphonist and pianist Teddy Charles recorded in 1953 and 1955 for the Prestige label.
 Parallax is the fourth studio album by guitarist Greg Howe released on November 21 1995 through Shrapnel Records.
 Englishman is an album by Jamaican dancehall musician Barrington Levy released in 1979 (see 1979 in music). A relaxed sultry album Englishman was one of Levy's most popular albums especially outside of Jamaica. The Roots Radics provided the rhythm tracks.
 Rise Above is the 1992 solo full-length debut album by singer-songwriter Epic Soundtracks (stage name of Kevin Paul Godfrey) who had previously been known as the drummer/pianist with the bands Swell Maps Jacobites Crime & the City Solution and These Immortal Souls.Other musicians appearing on the album include Lee Ranaldo and Kim Gordon (Sonic Youth) J Mascis (Dinosaur Jr.) Martyn Casey (The Bad Seeds) Anthony Thistlethwaite (The Waterboys) Will Pepper (Thee Hypnotics) and Rowland S.
 Streetlife Serenade is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Billy Joel (his second with Columbia Records) released on October 11 1974.Joel's follow-up effort to 1973's Piano Man Streetlife Serenade did not enjoy the relative success of its predecessor; it marked the beginning of his frosty relationship with critics and the music industry more generally.
 Natural Balance is the fifth album by American jazz group the String Trio of New York recorded in 1986 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 E2-E4 released in 1984 is the first solo recording album by Ash Ra Tempel / Ashra guitarist Manuel Göttsching. The album consists of a minimalistic hour-long progressive electronic track that is subdivided into single tracks according to the stage of the song. The second half of the record is notable for Göttsching's guitar playing. The album is named after the most popular opening chess move 1. e2-e4 (expressed in long algebraic notation).
 Başıbozuk is the mix album of Turkish Alternative rock band Mor ve Ötesi. It was released on November 24 2008.
 The Day Everything Became Nothing is an EP by the Canadian punk rock band NoMeansNo. It was later placed in the compilation album The Day Everything Became Isolated and Destroyed alongside the album Small Parts Isolated and Destroyed which had been released later that year. Forget Your Life is a new version of a song from their 1981 EP Betrayal Fear Anger Hatred.
 Guthro is the 2001 third album from Canadian artist Bruce Guthro. The album produced the singles Disappear Factory Line Livin' A Lie and 4 A.M.. The album is also noted for Guthro crossing over to pop from country.
 Kingdom Come is the debut album by American hard rock band Kingdom Come.The album reached Number 12 on the U.S. Billboard 200 Album Charts
 Lead Me Lord (Worship Sessions Volume 1) is a Christian worship album by Neal Morse. It was recorded in January 2005 and released in August 2005. All songs are written by Neal Morse unless otherwise noted.
 E.L.E. (Extinction Level Event): The Final World Front (or simply just E.L.E. for short) is the third studio album by American rapper Busta Rhymes released on December 15 1998 by Flipmode and Elektra Records in North America. The album follows the apocalypse theme that was explored by Rhymes in his first two studio albums The Coming (1996) and When Disaster Strikes (1997). Musically the album is composed of East Coast horrorcore and hardcore hip hop music.
 I Will Cure You is the only album by the comedian Vic Reeves. It was released in 1991 produced by Steve Beresford Andy Metcalfe and Philip Oakey. It included the Number One single Dizzy which was a collaboration with the The Wonder Stuff. The album peaked at #16 in the UK Albums Chart.
 The Telescope is a studio album by Her Space Holiday which was released in 2006 only on a Japanese label. The songs have a consistent theme and tell a story of love and isolation with varying degrees of melancholy hope conflict fulfillment and alienation. They are apparently written about the same woman. The cover depicts a room full of books with a boy staring through a telescope directly at a girl standing at the other end.
 Satan Is Real is a gospel album by American country music duo The Louvin Brothers released in 1959.
 The Queen Is Dead is the third studio album by the English alternative rock band The Smiths. It was released on 16 June 1986 in the United Kingdom by Rough Trade Records and released in the United States on 23 June 1986 through Sire Records. The album spent twenty-two weeks on the UK Albums Chart peaking at #2. Across the Atlantic it reached #28 in Canada on the RPM 100 album chart and #70 on the Billboard 200 chart and was certified Gold by the RIAA in late 1990.
 Layers of Lies is the fourth album from Swedish melodic death metal band Darkane issued in 27 June 2005.The release of this album took sometime since the last album because Peter Wildoer suffered a severe hand injury in 2003 which left him uncertain whetherhe would drum again but miraculously a year later recovered. Along with thatWildoer became busy with Christofer Malmström new project at the time Non-Human Level.This was the last album to feature vocalist Andreas Sydow who left in 2007.
 Live! is the first live album by guitarist Frank Gambale released in 1989 through Legato Records and reissued in 2000 through Wombat Records.
 Cereal Killer is a video-only album released by comedy metal/punk group Green Jellö in 1992. The entire album was later re-released as a CD in 1993 as the Cereal Killer Soundtrack.
 Live und direkt is a double album of the German hip hop group Die Fantastischen Vier consisting of a live part and a studio part.
 Set the Woods on Fire is the first full-length studio album from indie rock band Art in Manila.
 Disposable Income is an album by English punk rock band Snuff. It was released in March 2003 on the Union 2112 record label. The band previously released many albums on American independent label Fat Wreck Chords.
 Chosen is the second album by gospel singer Vanessa Bell Armstrong. This album hit number one on the US Billboard Top Gospel Albums chart. The track Nobody But Jesus became a signature hit for the artist. Bell Armstrong joined R&B singer Kelly Price for a re-make of the song on the latter's debut gospel album This Is Who I Am for GospoCentric Records in 2006.
 Attack & Release is the fifth studio album by American rock band The Black Keys. It was produced by Danger Mouse and was released on April 1 2008.
 DJ Sammy At Work (In the Mix) is the first remix album by DJ Sammy. It was released in 1998.
 Faithful is the title of Dusty Springfield's planned third album for Atlantic Records and seventh studio album overall recorded in the first half of 1971. Two singles from the planned album I Believe In You (b/w Someone Who Cares) and Haunted (b/w Nothing Is Forever a track not intended for the album) were released in the U.S. in the fall of 1971 but didn't chart nationally though Haunted has long been reported as a local chart-topper in Boston.
 The Beatnuts (sometimes called Street Level) is the full-length debut album by hip hop trio The Beatnuts. It was released on June 21 1994 by Relativity Records just a year after their debut EP Intoxicated Demons. Psycho Dwarf is the only song found on both the EP and the album. The album is produced by The Beatnuts themselves as well as V.I.C. and Lucien. It features guest appearances by Grand Puba Miss Jones and DJ Sinister amongst others.
 La Voce is the ninth album by British tenor Russell Watson and his first resumption of a largely classical repertoire since overcoming brain cancer.On 29 October 2010 Russell announced the release of his ninth album La Voce. The album was recorded in June 2010 with the Roma Sinfonietta produced by Mike Hedges and was released on 22 November 2010 on Epic Records his first release on this label.
 Kansas is the self-titled debut album by American progressive rock band Kansas released in 1974. The album was reissued in remastered format on CD in 2004. A remastered version of the album appeared on vinyl in 2014.Kansas's debut album followed the merging of two Topeka musical camps: Kerry Livgren from a previous Kansas line-up and White Clover which played mainstream rock and blues.
 A Million Year Girl is the debut album by Australian singer Max Sharam.Sharam issued her debut EP Coma in December 1994 (produced by Daniel Denholm and Nick Mainsbridge) with the song peaking at #14 on the Australian singles chart during February 1995. and was voted the eighth most popular song in Triple J's Hottest 100 for 1994. Her debut album A Million Year Girl was released in June 1995. The album went platinum and reached #9 in the Australian album charts.
 Unforgettable: A Tribute to Dinah Washington is the sixth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin. Released on February 18 1964 by Columbia Records The album is a tribute dedicated to the recently deceased singer Dinah Washington. The sessions were recorded in New York.
 Calamity is the fourth album by California Pop music band The Curtains released in 2008 on Asthmatic Kitty.
 Kindred Spirits is the fourth studio album by the Northern Irish Celtic metal band Waylander. It was released in 2012 on Listenable Records.
 Blues Farm is an album by bassist Ron Carter recorded at Rudy Van Gelder's Studio in New Jersey in 1973 and released on the CTI label.
 Hall of the Mountain King is the fourth studio album by the American heavy metal band Savatage released in 1987 under the direction of producer Paul O'Neill. It is their first album produced by O'Neill who was assigned to the band after the tour in support of Fight for the Rock. This album shows the beginning of Savatage's exploration of progressive metal in their search for new forms of musical expression.
 4U is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Elva Hsiao's (Chinese: 蕭亞軒) fourth Mandarin studio album. It was released on 11 February 2002 by Virgin Records Taiwan a sub-label of EMI Music Taiwan.
 Gullible's Travels is the Bards' second album and was only released on MP3.com.
 Original Sin is a tribute album by the Australian rock band INXS. It was released on physical media on 16 November 2010 by Epic Records Atco Records and Polydor after having been released digitally on 28 October 2010. Original Sin features covers of their earlier songs with each song featuring a guest singer. J.D.
 Red Yellow & Blue is the debut album by the indie-rock band Born Ruffians. It was released on March 4 2008 in the United States and Canada and May 26 in the UK/Europe. Hummingbird was the first single off the album followed by Foxes Mate for Life. The band teamed up with Rusty Santos collaborator for Animal Collective and Grizzly Bear to produce this album. It was recorded at Chemical Sound in Toronto except the track Hedonistic Me which was recorded at Sleepytown Studio (Toronto).
 Naija Boss is the 2nd mixtape by Nigeria Hip-hop R&B & Pop group Young Paperboyz hosted by Afrobeats Radio presenter DJ Tolu Shakara of peterborough fm. and was released on August 25 2012 on professional audio distribution website SoundCloud. Naija Boss features guest appearances by Nigeria rappers Lil Jojo Sutfute Jasi Caesar Mr.
 This is the final album of Perry Como's long career. Recorded live at the Point Theatre in Dublin Ireland before an audience of 4500 including Irish President Mary Robinson it was also recorded on videotape and aired on PBS. The videotaped version of the concert shows a man who appears frail and unwell. Como struggled to perform and lost his voice at one point during it. The finished version of the concert is less than 90 minutes long; the recording of it took more than four hours.
 Baile de Máscaras is the fourth album recorded by Mexican rock band Maldita Vecindad y los Hijos del Quinto Patio. The LP was released on May 7 1996 under the BMG label.
 This article describes the eleventh album in the Israeli Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 11 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 11 was released on February 23 2006. The album is the 11th edition of the Israeli Now! series.
 Rock'n'Roll Veterans is the second album by the Bulgarian rock musician Georgi Minchev who is also the producer of the work. It was released in 1989 by the state-owned record company Balkanton.The songs of the album are result from the Minchev's collaboration with the well known Bulgarian musicians Kiril Marichkov Petar Gyuzelev and Valdi Totev from Shturtsite and Rumen Boyadzhiev from FSB as well as Minchev's friend A. Dechev.
 The Spinning Top is the seventh studio album by Blur guitarist Graham Coxon on new record label Transgressive Records. The album is produced by Stephen Street and was released on May 11 2009. It is a concept album that follows a narrative of a man from birth to death.The album was supported by the single Sorrow's Army released on 18 May.
 Call Me is the sixth album by soul singer Al Green. It is widely regarded as Green's masterpiece and has been called one of the best soul albums ever made. In 2003 the TV network VH1 named it the 70th greatest album in any genre. Call Me was a Top 10 Billboard Pop Album and the third #1 Soul Album.In 2003 the album was ranked number 289 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
 Beyond Thee Infinite Beat (subtitled Ravemaster Mixes) is a remix album by Psychic TV. The album is composed of remixed songs from Towards Thee Infinite Beat.
 Super Blues is a 1967 studio album by a blues supergroup consisting of Bo Diddley Muddy Waters and Little Walter. The album was released in both mono and stereo formats by Checker Records in June 1967. A follow-up album was released called The Super Super Blues Band and featured Howlin' Wolf replacing Little Walter.
 Elastic is a 2002 album by jazz saxophonist Joshua Redman. All tunes were original compositions.
 Poogy Tales (Hebrew: סיפורי פוגי) is the debut album by Israeli rock band Kaveret released in 1973. It is considered one of the most important albums in the history of Israeli music Template:By whom?.
 Diamond Mine is the second album by Blue Rodeo released in 1989. It includes several instrumental interludes by Bob Wiseman between songs.
 Lay it Down was a studio album by the Canadian band Cowboy Junkies. Released on February 27 1996 it was the group's first album for Geffen Records after the end of their contract with RCA Records.It was the band's first album that could be described as straight-ahead rock rather than country rock country or blues. It was also their first album consisting entirely of original material with no covers.
 The Truman Show: Music from the Motion Picture is a soundtrack to the film of the same name and it was composed by Burkhard Dallwitz. Dallwitz was hired after Peter Weir received a tape of his work while in Australia for the post-production. Some parts of the soundtrack were composed by Philip Glass including four pieces which appeared in his previous works (Powaqqatsi Anima Mundi and Mishima the opening movement from the latter of which appears over the end credits in The Truman Show).
 Arab Quarter is a double-CD album by Muslimgauze. All tracks were recorded and mixed in 1995 and 1996 at Abraham Mosque Manchester except Arab Jerusalem which was recorded and mixed at Fons in Sheffield. Palestine Is Our Izlamic Land is a remix of Azzazin.
 Billboard Top Rock'n'Roll Hits: 1966 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1988 featuring 10 hit recordings from 1966.All ten songs on the original 1988 release reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
 Iron Front is the fourth studio album by American punk rock band Strike Anywhere. The album was released worldwide on October 6 2009.
 Heavy Metal Payback is the sixth solo album by German rapper Bushido released October 10 2008 under the record label ersguterjunge. The title of the album was taken from an earlier song entitled Heavy Metal Payback from Aggro Ansage Nr. 2. 3 Singles were released: Ching Ching Für immer jung (feat. Karel Gott) and Kennst du die Stars (feat. Oliver Pocher). The Album sold over 100.000 copies and received Gold-status in Germany.
 Montezuma's Revenge is the fifth album by the Oakland hip hop group Souls of Mischief. It was released on December 1 2009 by Clear Label Records. This album is notable for the collaboration with prominent producer Prince Paul who is also depicted with the group on the front cover.
 Living Shades is the second self-made EP of Austrian Melodic metalcore band Sympathy for Nothing. After winning at Austrian band contest where the band won 14.000 Euros and more prizes for 100.000 Euros including producing a professional music video and CD the band went into Hinterhof Studios and Gosh Studios to produce Living Shades. The CD consists out ouf 4 tracks a music video and an online mediabook.
 Here Comes Shuggie Otis is the first album by Shuggie Otis. It was released in 1970 on Epic Records.
 All Out is a 1973 album by Grin. Where the first two Grin albums had featured the band as trio augmented by overdubs singalong choirs or even orchestras the recent addition of Nils' brother Tom as second guitarist made the band a solid quartet. The only additional performer is blues-shouter Kathi McDonald who contributes excellent backing vocals on several songs [most notably Heart on Fire and She Ain't Right].
 Innocence from Hell is the first studio album by Viking Crown and was released November 13 2001.
 All Aboard is the eighth album by R&B group Side Effect. Released in 1982 this was their third and final album for Elektra Records.
 The Connect Acoustic Sessions are tracks that Phantom Planet recorded exclusively for Sony Connect.
 Dannii is the debut album by Australian singer Dannii Minogue. It was released by Mushroom Records in October 1990 for the Australian market. The album was released in Japan under the title Party Jam and later released in the European market with a slightly altered track listing and entitled Love and Kisses.
 Psycho White is a collaborative EP by American drummer Travis Barker and rapper Yelawolf. It was released on November 13 2012 under LaSalle Records Famous Stars and Straps and Killer Distribution. The first single of the EP Push 'Em was released as a free download via Yelawolf's Twitter page and on numerous hip hop websites on September 12.
 Hear My Music is a posthumous compilation album by Jimi Hendrix released on November 30 2004 by Dagger Records. The album contains instrumental studio jams and demos recorded in early 1969.
 The Ultimate Collection is a 2-disc compilation by Christian artist Rebecca St. James released on March 11 2008.
 Listen to the Sound is the seventh studio album by Christian rock band Building 429 and their fifth with a major label. It was released May 10 2011 through Provident Music Group.
 Five by Five is a 1994 Pizzicato Five EP.
 The Spirit of Christmas 1995 is the third compilation album of Christmas-associated tracks in the annual Spirit of Christmas series. It was released in Australia in November 1995 with proceeds going to the Red Shield Appeal by the Salvation Army for at-risk children and youth throughout the country. The compilation has contributions from various Australian artists and was produced by Lindsay Field (also compiler) and Glenn Wheatley. It was issued on cassette and CD by Myer Grace Bros.
 Now in Technicolor is the debut album by the Pakistani rock band Mauj released on April 24 2009. Singles from the album Khushfehmi and Paheliyan were both a critical hit in Pakistan.
 FabricLive.48 is a 2009 album by Filthy Dukes. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Go – The Very Best of Moby is a compilation album by Moby including one disc of hits and a second disc of (mainly) remixes. The previously unreleased New York New York featuring vocals by Debbie Harry is also included in the release.
 Old New Ballads Blues is a 2006 album by Northern Irish blues guitarist and singer Gary Moore.
 Sweet Venus is the Primitive Radio Gods' fourth album released independently through their official site as a full-album download on May 4 2006. Sweet Venus continues the shoegaze-influenced alternative rock the band started with their previous effort Still Electric.The name was inspired by Homer Simpson's gurgling utterance as he peeled a gummy off the baby sitter's backside.The song Things you can drive was #1 in the Tomatrax Top 100 of 2006.
 My Krazy Life is the debut studio album by American rapper YG. The album was released on March 18 2014 by Pu$haz Ink CTE World and Def Jam Recordings. Its recording process took place from 2012 to 2014 in various recording studios mostly in Atlanta Georgia and Los Angeles California.YG signed to Def Jam in 2009 and begun releasing various mixtapes over the years. DJ Mustard begun significantly producing his work starting with 2010's The Real 4 Fingaz.
 Alive As Fuck was released in 2009. It is the first live album by the Nashville TN rock band Black Diamond Heavies. This album was recorded during their show at the Masonic Lodge in Covington KY and was released under the Alive Records label.
 Cadillac Records: Music From the Motion Picture is the Grammy-nominated soundtrack album to the Golden Globe nominated film Cadillac Records. The soundtrack features covers of classic songs from Chess Records' singers as performed by the film's stars including Golden Globe nominated actress and 16-time Grammy Award winning singer Beyoncé Knowles (as Etta James) Eamonn Walker (as Howlin' Wolf) and Jeffrey Wright (as Muddy Waters).
 This article describes the 22nd album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 22 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 22 was released on July 11 2006. The album is the 22nd edition of the (U.S.) Now! series. It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 and is the ninth number-one album in the series.
 Teenage Jesus is the debut diy release from One Member Synth-Punk Band The Emotron.
 Undisputed is the soundtrack to the 2002 action film Undisputed. It was released on August 20 2002 through Cash Money and featured mostly Southern rap. The album made it to #101 on the Billboard 200 #41 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #6 on the Top Soundtracks.
 Tandoori Dog is a 4x12 vinyl box set by Muslimgauze. Part of the subscription series.Hand numbered limited edition of 300. Contains an insert with information about the subscription and the copy number. Each LP has its own title and vinyl color: Tandoori Dog (red) Jaagheed Zarb (black) Libya Tour Guide (green) and Jerusalaam (blue). Track D03 unlisted on the vinyl label.
 5 Days 5 Songs is the second release by An Angle on UnderAcloud Records and third overall release by the band. It is currently out of print.
 Somewhere to Elsewhere is the 14th studio album by American rock band Kansas released in 2000. It is the band's last studio album to date.This album marks the reunion of the band's original 1970s lineup along with Billy Greer who joined Kansas with Power. Kerry Livgren composed all of the album's tracks and he sings (which he does not normally do) on the hidden track Geodesic Dome. The album was an attempt at a comeback for the recently struggling band.
 Kiss Symphony: Alive IV is a 2003 live album from the American rock band Kiss performing with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra (MSO). The arrangements were made by David Campbell who also conducted the MSO. It is the group's fourth album in the Alive series and first release under Kiss Records and Sanctuary Records.
 This Leaden Pall is the fourth album released by UK rock band Half Man Half Biscuit in 1993.The album cover features a bleak overdeveloped picture of the now demolished Hale Wood pub in Halewood Merseyside.
 Bastards is the fifth and final studio album by the band Saigon Kick. The album was only released in the Far East and Japan.
 Just a Little Love is the seventh studio album by Reba McEntire and the first on her second label MCA Records released in early 1984. The album's singles were its title track and He Broke Your Memory Last Night. Both of these songs charted on Hot Country Songs with the former reaching #5 and the latter reaching #15.
 Bad Boys is the fifth studio album released by R&B group DeBarge in 1987 after both El DeBarge and Bunny DeBarge had left the lineup.When El and Bunny DeBarge left the group remaining members James Mark and Randy left Motown Records after a seven-year tenure in 1986 and signed with the local Striped Horse label.
 All Creatures Will Make Merry is the second studio album by Scottish indie folk band Meursault released on May 24 2010. A limited edition hand-printed version of the album was released in April 2010. Songwriter vocalist and guitarist Neil Pennycook states that the main theme of the record is one of contentment – what people are willing to do to obtain it hold on to it and what we stand to lose or gain if we try.
 How the West Was One is an EP by the band Carbon Leaf that was released on their own label Constant Ivy Music. It is the band's first release since announcing on March 20 2010 in a radio interview on WCNR that they were leaving Vanguard Records with the aim to release music more frequently and via media other than CD. Recording for the EP was completed in June 2010 and it was released on July 6 2010 for purchase at concerts and on July 20 for purchase from their website.
 not to be confused with The Last Warrior the name of several filmsLast Warrior is the fifth studio album by the Polish heavy metal band Turbo. It was released in 1988 in Germany through Noise Records. The album was recorded in March 1988 at Musiclab Studio in Germany. The cover art was created by Don Maitz and photos by Maciej Głowaczewski.
 Mashmakhan is the self-titled debut album of rock fusion band Mashmakhan. Mashmakhan debuted with the single As the Years Go By which became a major success selling millions of copies around the world. After three singles Mashmakhan released their self-titled debut LP album. After the album was released the group released their second album entitled The Family.
 The Undertones is the 1979 debut album by The Undertones. The album was recorded at Eden Studios in London in early 1979 and released in May that year. The original release included just one single release: Jimmy Jimmy and an album version of Here Comes The Summer which was never released as a single.A re-released version of the album (housed in an alternate sleeve) was issued in October 1979.
 Castaways and Cutouts is the first full-length album by The Decemberists originally released on May 21 2002 on Hush Records and reissued on May 6 2003 on Kill Rock Stars. The album's title is taken from a line in the song California One/Youth and Beauty Brigade.The album cover was designed by the Portland artist Carson Ellis the long-time girlfriend (and now wife) of Colin Meloy. She has created artwork for each of the band's albums.
 Alanis Morissette – The Singles Box commonly abbreviated as just The Singles Box is an Alanis Morissette box set that includes five of her six singles from 1995's Jagged Little Pill: Ironic Hand in My Pocket Head over Feet You Learn and You Oughta Know as well as live tracks and alternate versions of JLP tracks spread across five maxi CDs.
 Feels Good to Me is the debut solo album by the British drummer Bill Bruford. The band Bruford grew out of the line-up assembled for this album. Led by drummer Bill Bruford the album also features guitarist Allan Holdsworth and John Goodsall bassist Jeff Berlin keyboardist Dave Stewart and ECM flügelhorn stalwart Kenny Wheeler. He also enlisted singer and songwriter Annette Peacock.
 The Sky Is Too High was the first solo album by Blur guitarist Graham Coxon. It was released in 1998 while he was still a member of Blur. He wrote and recorded all the music himself. Most of the album consists of lo-fi acoustic songs with some overdubbed electric guitar and percussion similar in style to the Blur songs Miss America (from Modern Life is Rubbish) and You're So Great (from Blur one of the few Blur songs with Coxon singing lead vocals).
 Digital Folklore is the self-published debut of London England based experimental band Oi Va Voi. Some of the tracks on the album were later abridged and re-recorded for Laughter Through Tears one example is the Hungarian folk song A Csitari whose vocals were performed by a female singer on the new album.
 Kochadaiiyaan (English: The king with long curly mane) is the soundtrack album composed by A. R. Rahman to the upcoming 3D motion capture computer-animated Tamil film of the same name directed by Soundarya R. Ashwin. The original version as well as the dubbed Telugu version of the soundtrack (titled Vikramasimha) was released on 9 March 2014. The Hindi version was released online on Eros Now on March 13 2014.
 Greatest Hits Live (Rip It to Shreds) is a live album by the original members of The Animals. It was released in 1984.
 Nashville en Direct is an album by the French singer Johnny Hallyday.
 Possession is the debut album of the Experimental band GOD. It was released on April 17 1992 by Virgin Records.
 Leftback is the fourth and final studio album by Little Brother. It was released on April 21 2010 via Hall of Justus Records.
 311 is the third studio album by American rock band 311. The album often referred to as The Blue Album was released July 25 1995. The album contained three successful singles Don't Stay Home All Mixed Up and Down resulting in the band's mainstream breakthrough. It has been certified triple platinum with sales over three million albums. The album unlike the first two was recorded live with no instrumental over-dubs.
 Hello Nasty is the fifth studio album by the Beastie Boys. It was released on July 14 1998 via Capitol Records and sold 681000 copies in its first week debuting at #1 on the Billboard 200 album sales chart. The album took home two awards at the 1999 Grammys in the categories of Best Alternative Music Album and Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group for Intergalactic.
 The Arista Years is a compilation album that chronicles the Grateful Dead's studio and live albums during their time with Arista Records. The album was released on two-CD and two cassette tapes on October 15 1996. It contains tracks from Terrapin Station Shakedown Street Go to Heaven Reckoning Dead Set In the Dark Built to Last and Without a Net. The set does not contain any new or expanded recordings.
 Circle Gets the Square is Kevin Devine's first studio album as a solo artist. It was released in 2002 through Immigrant Sun Records. The songs featured on the album dramatically contrast with those of Miracle of 86 a band in which Kevin was the lead singer and guitarist.
 Freedom is the second studio album by English singer-songwriter Rebecca Ferguson and was released on 2 December 2013 in the United Kingdom a day after the release of the album's lead single I Hope. The album received positive reviews from critics praising her vocals and movement away from her soul-influenced debut album Heaven into a more R&B club-orientated sound.
 Standing On The Shoulders Of Giants' is the third full-length album by San Fernando Valley California-based Latin rock band Tribe of Gypsies.
 The Episodes is the 6th studio album by American alternative metal band Taproot released on April 12 2012 through Victory Records. The album peaked at no. 21 on the Billboard Hard Rock charts with No Surrender peaking at no. 38 on the US Main. Rock charts. This is the last album with drummer Nick Fredell.
 Rain of a Thousand Flames is the fourth studio album released by Rhapsody in 2001. It tells a part of the Emerald Sword Saga but it is a parallel episode that is not essential to the story taking place shortly after Dawn of Victory. While the Warrior of Ice is away Akron uses the newly acquired Emerald Sword to ravage the land. The album was released at a reduced price and is considered a stop gap between the band's main releases even if it is a great technical symphonic metal album .
 Matt & Toby is a debut studio album by Matt & Toby a side project of Matt Carter and Toby Morrell (both of Emery). The album was released on November 19 2012 through Tooth & Nail Records.
 Oceans is the third EP by the Australian worship band Hillsong United. Released on September 10 2013 the EP comprises several different versions of the song Oceans (Where Feet May Fail) from the album Zion. The song hit number one on the Billboard Christian Songs chart at the end of 2013. Billboard referred to the band's name as United on the chart.
 When It Was Now is the debut studio album by Australian alternative rock band Atlas Genius released on 19 February 2013 by Warner Bros. Records. The album peaked at No. 34 on Billboard 200. It also reached No. 10 on the Top Alternative Albums chart. The first single from the album titled If So reached No. 8 on the Billboard Alternative chart.
 Resurrection is the debut studio album by Chris Pérez Band. It was released on May 18 1999. In this album Pérez dedicated the song Best I Can to his wife Selena. In 2002 Chris Pérez Band made their final album called Una Noche Más. At the 2000 Grammy Awards it won the Grammy Award for Best Latin Rock/Alternative Album. In 2002 Chris Pérez Band made their final album called Una Noche Más.
 Long Days Black Night: The Alternative Anthology is a compilation album by the British melodic rock band Magnum.
 2004 Arashi! Iza Now Tour!! (2004 嵐！　いざッ、Now Tour!!) is the video release of Japanese boyband Arashi which documented their 2004 summer concert tour in conjunction with the promotion and release of their album Iza Now!. The DVD was released on January 1 2005.The DVD will be re-released by avex Taiwan on 14th Aug 2009 .
 Alien Sweetheart is an acoustic light rock album by the Belgian rock band Zornik. Its release in 2005 was followed by a successful acoustic tour titled 'All Strings Attached'.
 Nationalgeographic is an EP by The Concretes. The songs on the album later became available on the 2005 compilation album Layourbattleaxedown.
 Carnival of Rust is the second album by the Finnish rock band Poets of the Fall. It was released on 12 April 2006 in Finland 12 September 2006 in Sweden October 2006 in Australia Russia and Ukraine then on 20 April 2007 in Germany.
 Adam Gregory is the third studio album by Canadian country music singer Adam Gregory. It was released on June 20 2006 by Mensa Records. It contains the singles Get It On She's So California Don't Send the Invitation and One Breath from a Heartache.
 Embrace is the debut album by the Australian band Endorphin released in early 1998. Shortly after its release Endorphin was chosen to support Portishead on their April 1998 tour and then Massive Attack in their June 1998 tour. The album has sold over 15000 copies worldwide.
 Sheer Heart Attack is the third album by British rock band Queen released in November 1974. It was produced by the band and Roy Thomas Baker and distributed by EMI in the United Kingdom and Elektra in the United States.The album launched Queen to mainstream popularity both in the UK and internationally: the first single Killer Queen reached No. 2 in the British charts and provided them with their first top 20 hit in the US peaking at No. 12 on the Billboard singles chart.
 Belief is the second album of the British EBM group Nitzer Ebb. It was the first album recorded with drummer Julian Beeston (who took over from David Gooday) and Flood took over as producer from Phil Harding.
 Cuatro (meaning four in Spanish) is the fourth album by Flotsam and Jetsam. It was released on October 13 1992. The album was re-released on May 13 2008 by Metal Mind Productions. This release is remastered with five bonus tracks and limited to 2000 copies.
 Bird 'n' Roll is the seventh studio album by the French rock band Dionysos released 26 March 2012. The album features songs in both French and English.There are several links between this album and lead singer Mathias Malzieu's Métamorphose en bord de ciel similar to other relationships between the band's discography and Mathias Malzieu's novels such as La Mécanique du cœur.
 Detox is Treble Charger's fifth and final studio album released in August 2002. The album was certified Gold in Canada. Detox was also nominated for Rock Album of the Year at the 2003 Juno Awards.
 Never Say Die: Live is a live album by Waylon & The Waymore Blues Band released on Sony Records through the Lucky Dog imprint in 2000. Jennings' third live album – after Waylon Live (1976) – and his last record of original material to be released during his lifetime it was recorded at Nashville's historic Ryman Auditorium on January 5 and 6 2000. At that time Jennings was battling both emphysema and severe diabetes that had forced him to give up the sort of long tours he had always done.
 Mi Historia Musical is a 2004 album by Spanish & English Contemporary Christian music singer Jaci Velasquez. It is a collection of her Spanish songs from 1999-2003.This album was made without Jaci Velasquez's awareness by Sony Discos when she left the Latin record company. It has cheap and low budget imagery mixed with Jaci's photographs from her Mi Corazón album.Mi Historia Musical comes with a bonus DVD with some of her Spanish Videos
 The Tankard is the seventh album by the German thrash metal band Tankard released on October 2 1995. It is considered their most underrated album by many fans and critics.[citation needed] It was their last album released by Noise Records.
 Machine 15 is the seventh studio album by the Swedish punk rock band Millencolin. It was released in 2008 on various dates in different regions: March 22 in Australia April 7 in Europe May 6 in North America and May 21 in Japan. Millencolin recorded parts of the album with the Swedish Chamber Orchestra from Örebro. A limited edition version included a DVD of a live performance in Stockholm in 2003.
 Ayami Beek (Arabic: ايامي بيك‎) is Elissa's sixth studio album and the follow-up to 2006's Bastanak. The album contains 11 tracks Elissa collaborated again with the famous songwriter Marwan Khoury after she stated that she would never work with him again. Elissa performed the album's title Ayami Beek at Mission Fashion 07 on LBC TV.
 Nocturnal is the third album by metal band The Black Dahlia Murder. Nocturnal was released by Metal Blade on September 18 2007. Nocturnal is the first album to feature new bassist Bart Williams who replaced Dave Lock and drummer Shannon Lucas. It is also the last album to feature longtime guitarist John Kempainen.
 Take This Job and Shove It is the title of the seventeenth album released by country music artist Johnny Paycheck. It was his second album released in 1977 (see 1977 in country music) and is his most commercially successful album being certified platinum by the RIAA. It contains his most well known song the cover of David Allan Coe's Take this Job and Shove It from which the album was named. It was his only single ever to reach #1 on the Country charts.
 O Amor o Sorriso e a Flor is an studio album by Brazilian João Gilberto released in Brazil in 1960. It's Portuguese title translates to The Love the Smile and the Flower.
 The Marshall Mathers LP is the third studio album by American rapper Eminem. It was released on May 23 2000 by Interscope Records Aftermath Entertainment and his newly founded label Shady Records in the United States and on September 11 2000 by Polydor Records in the United Kingdom. The album was produced mostly by Dr.
 Noel is the first holiday studio album from Christian Contemporary/folk/adult contemporary/pop rock recording artist Josh Wilson which was produced by Matt Bronleewe and released on October 9 2012 by Sparrow Records. The album was met with commercial and critical successes.
 The Time of the Sun is an album by jazz trumpeter composer and arranger Tom Harrell that was released in May 2011 by Highnote Records. It is the fourth album by Harrell's current quintet of over six years which includes Wayne Escoffery Danny Grissett Ugonna Okegwo and Johnathan Blake. The other albums by this group are Roman Nights Prana Dance and Light On.
 Golden Earring is the self-titled album by Dutch hard rock band Golden Earring released in 1970. Fans often refer to it as Wall of Dolls due to the cover artwork. This is the first Golden Earring album with drummer Cesar Zuiderwijk as a member. This lineup has been together for over 40 years.
 The Burning is the first EP by the band Ice Nine Kills through Red Blue Records on November 9th 2007.
 Kaamos is the sixth solo album from German ambient music producer Thomas Köner. It is also the first album Köner released on the label Mille Plateaux.Tabula Smaragdina was recorded live in Auditorium du Louvre Paris France in October 1997. It was used as the music to the Jurgen Reble film Chicago.Kaamos is Finnish for polar night. Tabula Smaragdina is Latin for emerald tablet it is a mysterious ancient alchemical text.
 Pasti Kembali is the sixth studio album from Malaysian singer Francissca Peter released in 1989.
 Hub Cap is the third album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard and was released on the Blue Note label in 1961 as BLP 4073 and BST 84073. It features performances by Hubbard Julian Priester Jimmy Heath Cedar Walton Larry Ridley and Philly Joe Jones.
 The Make Yourself at Home EP is an acoustic CD by The Starting Line released by Drive-Thru Records on 25 November 2003.
 Missing Dragons is a studio EP from American instrumental hip hop producer A Grape Dope (born John Herndon). It was released on Galaxia in 2003.
 The Very Best of Elkie Brooks is a compilation album by Elkie Brooks. Issued on CD vinyl and cassette in 1986 through Telstar Records it reached number 10 and stayed in the UK charts for 18 weeks.
 Lions is the sixth studio album by American rock band The Black Crowes. It was released in 2001 as their first album on V2 Records following their departure from Columbia and is their only studio album to feature guitarist Audley Freed. Lions was recorded in New York City in January and February of that year and was produced by Don Was.
 Against the Silence is a 2009 EP released by the band Stavesacre. It marked the return of original guitarist Jeff Bellew to the band's lineup. The songs are generally harder-edged and more akin to the band's early sound.
 Off is the latest album of Kurdish artist Ciwan Haco. It has been released in April 2006 in Europe. It features 13 songs including the electro-pop Li hêviya te and several ballads. All songs are mainly sung in the Kurdish language although a small part of the song Li hêviya te features brief French language vocals (though sung by a woman and not by Ciwan Haco himself).
 Good Year for the Wine is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb released in 1970 (see 1970 in music).
 The Price of Existence is the second album by American deathcore band All Shall Perish released in 2006. This is the first album to feature Eddie Hermida on vocals. It has sold approximately 20000 records worldwide. The bonus tracks on the Korean release are actually two tracks from the band's previous album Hate Malice Revenge.
 Blue is a 1994 album by guitarist Phil Keaggy released on Epic Records. Blue was released in the mainstream market simultaneously with Keaggy's album Crimson and Blue which was geared to the Christian market.
 Picaresque is the third studio album from The Decemberists. It was released in 2005 on the Kill Rock Stars record label.
 Open to Love is a jazz album by Paul Bley. It features Bley performing seven solo piano pieces and is considered not only one of his best albums but a defining album in the history of the ECM record label.[citation needed] Three of the tracks were composed by ex-wife Carla Bley and another two by Bley's soon-to-be-ex-wife Annette Peacock.
 Something's Burning is the fifth album by Kenny Rogers & The First Edition released in 1970.
 At the End of Paths Taken is an album by the Canadian rock band Cowboy Junkies released in 2007.
 Man With Gun Kills Three! is Loudermilk's first independent release. There were only 1000 copies pressed.
 Three (also referred to as epThree) is the third EP release by British alternative rock band Hundred Reasons. It was released in 2001 and reached #37 in the UK album chart.
 Bowling for Soup Goes to the Movies is a collection of Bowling for Soup's songs from movies and television their eighth studio album and their fourth album with Jive Records. It contains both covers and previously unreleased originals.
 Fair and Warmer! is a 1957 studio album by singer June Christy. The songs were all arranged by Pete Rugolo and players on the record include the well-known jazz musicians Don Fagerquist on trumpet trombonist Frank Rosolino altoist Bud Shank and tenor saxophonist Bob Cooper (who was also Christy's husband); none of the notable musicians were credited in the album's brief liner notes.
 The Beauty and the Beast is the fourth album by the German heavy metal band Stormwitch released in 1987. The album is the first to feature additional female vocals in a number of songs. The album also possesses a much less metal style and a more hard rock sound.Emerald Eye is currently the only Stormwitch song to have a music video.An acoustic version of the song Tears By The Firelight has been recorded at Talk Heavy Radio / Münster and can be heard on the band's homepage.
 Sex is a studio EP released on March 20 2007 by Tila Tequila through the Washington-based label The Saturday Team. On July 27 2007 Italian website MusicBlob revealed that The Saturday Team and distributor Icon Music Entertainment Services sued Tila over breaching her contract related to the album. On September 22 2008 the EP was released onto the United States iTunes Store under the explicit tag.
 Blood of the Snake is the fifth solo album by keyboard player Derek Sherinian. It has contributions from Billy Idol Zakk Wylde ex-Guns'n'Roses guitarist Slash John Petrucci of Dream Theater in addition to previous collaborators Simon Phillips Yngwie Malmsteen Tony Franklin Steve Lukather and Brian Tichy. A video for a cover version of Mungo Jerry's In the Summertime with Sherinian Idol Slash Franklin and Tichy was released in conjunction with the album.
 Dinah Jams is a 1954 live album by vocalist Dinah Washington. Remastered in 1990.
 All Hail the Dead is the second full length album from Metalcore band Walls of Jericho. The album cover was drawn by Philadelphia-based artist Mark Price.
 Come Fill Your Glass with Us - Irish Songs of Drinking & Blackguarding is a collection of traditional Irish drinking songs performed by The Clancy Brothers with often time collaborator Tommy Makem. It was their second album.
 Live at the Milky Way is a live album by Captain Sensible which was recorded at the Milky Way club Amsterdam in 1994.
 Dark Room is the fourth album by Australian band The Angels it was released in 1980. In June 2002 Shock Records issued The Complete Sessions 1980 - 1983. The four-disc box set included remasters of Dark Room (9 bonus tracks) Night Attack (9 bonus tracks) Watch The Red (5 bonus tracks) and The Blow (2 CD set). In June 2006 Liberation Music re-issued Dark Room from The Complete Sessions 1980 - 1983.
 No Security is a live album by The Rolling Stones released by Virgin Records in 1998. Recorded over the course of the lengthy 1997–1998 worldwide Bridges to Babylon Tour it is the band's sixth official full-length live release.
 Coming Up For Air is a studio album by Dutch progressive rock band Kayak. It was released in 2008. The song Undecided was a single in The Netherlands featuring the non-albumtrack Beat The Clock.
 Mystery is the eponymous debut EP by the band Mystery released in 1992. Their shortest recording so far it only contains 5 tracks. This album is also Mystery's only record that was not released by Unicorn Digital at the time of release and is currently Mystery's only recording that is out of print with only 500 printed. A re-mastered edition was announced on December 12 2013.
 Black Butterfly is the fourth studio album by American hard rock band Buckcherry. The album was released on September 12 2008 in Japan Canada and the United Kingdom while being released on September 16 in the United States. It had been in production since late 2007. The limited fan edition was included with two demo songs Nothing and Stayin' High. Along with the bonus songs the case came with a year free membership to the Buckcherry Fan Club Buckcherry's Bomb Squad.
 Crock: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the second album by Bügsküll released in 1995 through Pop Secret.
 Luminessence! is an album by pianist Barry Harris recorded in 1967 and released on the Prestige label.
 Albedo 0.39 is an album by the artist Vangelis released in 1976. It is a concept album around space and space physics.Albedo 0.39 was the second album produced by Vangelis in Nemo Studios London which was his creative base until the late 1980s. It contrasts with his previous album Heaven and Hell which was classically inspired and choral while Albedo 0.39 has blues and jazz overtones.
 Super Seeeeee!!!!!! is a live video released by Japanese noise rock band Boredoms and is their first official video. It was released in 1998 by Warner Music Japan on VHS and reissued later in 2004 and 2006 on DVD.
 II is the second studio album by Maylene and the Sons of Disaster. It was released on March 20 2007 on Ferret Records.The album sold about 6000 copies in the United States in its first week earning them their first placement in the Billboard 200 at #156.A music video was produced for Dry the River and found substantial airplay on MTV2's Headbangers Ball. It has the band performing in the shallow end of a creek and the surrounding forest at night.
 Copper Blue was the debut album of the US alternative rock band Sugar. It was voted 1992 Album of the Year by the NME. All of the songs were written by guitarist/vocalist Bob Mould who also co-produced with Lou Giordano. The song The Slim is about losing someone to AIDS.
 Raggatronic is the debut album of dance music group Enur. According to their MySpace the album features reggae vocalists Natasja and Natalie Storm Majid Beenie Man Chopper City Boyz Nicki Minaj Michael Rune and Strange Boy.The album is a result of the release of the single first single Calabria 2008. Johannes Torpe got permission to remix Rune RK's 2003 instrumental hit song Calabria.
 A Beautiful Day is a live album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in 2002 at Birdland in New York City and released on the Palmetto label.
 The Shining is the fourth album by Long Beach California rapper RBX.
 Rant is the fifth studio album by Sunderland-based indie rock band The Futureheads. It was released on 2 April 2012 in the United Kingdom. Unlike the band's four previous records the album was recorded entirely a cappella and features no instrumentation apart from vocals. The bonus track 'Hanging Johnny' was included with the digital pre-order release from the band's website and is 1:18 in length.
 Behind Bars is the third studio album by British-American rapper Slick Rick released November 22 1994 on Def Jam Recordings. The album features production from Vance Wright Pete Rock Prince Paul Large Professor Easy Mo Bee and Warren G as well as guest appearances by Doug E. Fresh Nice & Smooth and Warren G. Upon its release Behind Bars achieved moderate chart success peaking at number 51 on the Billboard 200 and number 11 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 Adicta is the Second studio album by Colombian pop-rock singer Naty Botero released by EMI Music in Colombia
 The Cry of My People is an album by avant-garde jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp released in 1972 on the Impulse! label. The album features performances by Shepp with gospel singers big bands quintets sextets and chamber orchestras. The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states Shepp worked with many larger ensembles as a leader but never did he achieve such a perfect balance as he did on The Cry of My People.
 The Endless Bummer EP is an EP by the San Diego California pop rock band Reeve Oliver released in March 2007 by Apple Danish Records. The band hand-screened covers and CD artwork for the first 100 copies of the EP which were numbered and labeled as Limited Edition. These copies were sold at a performance at SOMA on March 16 2007 and some copies were also sold at local record stores. These Limited Edition copies were distributed in advance of the EP's public release date.
 Life Like is The Rosebuds' fourth album released on October 7 2008 on Merge Records.The album made #1 on KTUH's charts on the week of October 27 2008.
 Angels Fall First is the debut studio album by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish. The original 500-copies limited edition features seven tracks two of which are not on the regular edition. This edition is highly sought after by collectors and in 2012 a copy was sold for $1137.23 on EBay.
 The Awakening is a 2007 album by rock singer Melissa Etheridge and her ninth studio album. It was released on September 25 2007. The rock album conveys Etheridge's current autobiographical religious and political perspectives. Etheridge made the album to convey parts of her story and journey along with her love for God. In the album's booklet she included a letter to all who buy it starting with Dear Friend.The album debuted at number 13 on the U.S.
 The Singles 1980-1986 is a compilation album by British heavy metal band Venom. It contains (as the title says) the singles between 1980 and 1986. It was released in 1986 through Castle Records.
 Enz To Enz - The Ultimate Split Enz Box Set is an 11 CD box set by New Zealand rock band Split Enz containing the 2006 remastered versions of the band's 9 studio albums plus the 2006 remaster of the compilation The Beginning Of The Enz and the 2007 single disc compilation Rootin Tootin Luton Tapes. It is the band's 3rd box set following the two released in 1993.See individual albums for tracklistings and credits.
 Hot Trip to Heaven is the fifth studio album by British alternative rock band Love and Rockets released in 1994 on American after Beggar's Banquet dropped the band for not creating a successful follow-up single to So Alive.[citation needed]
 Disco Nouveau is the first compilation album of Ann Arbor Michigan record label Ghostly International. Released in 2002 the album served as a modern update of Giorgio Moroder's famed Italo Disco sound of the 1970s and 1980s and includes contributions from artists such as Solvent ADULT. and Susumu Yokota. It served as a major inspiration to the (at the time) burgeoning electroclash movement and has been praised for its persistent relevance in much the same way as Moroder himself.
 Meson Ray is the third and last studio release by the alternative/ska band The Ernies released in 1999. Meson Ray is the first record by The Ernies to be released under Mojo Records. The album includes the band's biggest single Here and Now which was featured in the popular 1999 video game Tony Hawk's Pro Skater.
 Điện Biên Phủ Bande Originale du Film (Dien Bien Phu Original Soundtrack) is based on the war docudrama by Pierre Schoendoerffer released in theaters on 1992.The soundtrack was released by Polydor in France (Audio-CD) Japan (Audio-CD) and Netherlands (audiocassette 513 289-4).The music was composed by French artist Georges Delerue who also performs piano. Famous Japanese singer Marie Kobayashi performs vocals on the Communion track.
 Keep Right is KRS-One's seventh hip hop album under his own name and thirteenth overall. Released in the summer of 2004 on Grit Records for a short time it was bundled with a free DVD. It peaked at #80 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums on July 31 2004.
 I'm Not Dead is the fourth studio album by the American recording artist and songwriter Pink. The album was released on April 4 2006 in the United States to coincide the same release date of Pink's first album Can't Take Me Home.The album marks Pink's comeback to music after a three-year break which followed the poor commercial and critical performances of her previous album Try This.
 The Raven is the fourth studio album by English new wave band The Stranglers. It was released on 21 September 1979 through record label United Artists.
 Anthology of Anvil is a compilation album by Canadian heavy metal band Anvil.
 Gold: Their Great Hits was the first greatest hits collection released by the Canadian rock band Steppenwolf. The album released in 1971 charted at #24 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts and was certified gold by the RIAA on April 12 1971.
 Forever My Lady is the debut studio album from American R&B group Jodeci released May 28 1991 on Uptown Records and distributed through MCA Records.Forever My Lady peaked at eighteen on the U.S. Billboard 200 and reached number one on the R&B Albums chart where it remained for three weeks.
 Prime Cuts & Glazed Donuts is a collection of previously recorded demos released by manager Mark Dawson and Linda McDonald of the American all-female heavy metal band Phantom Blue. Song writers Michelle Meldrum and Nicole Couch and bassist Kim Nielsen-Parsons were no longer in the band.
 Wild and Peaceful is the sixth album released by the funk band Kool & the Gang and is their commercial breakthrough album. The album was released in 1973 and was hugely successful on the Billboard R&B chart reaching #6 and charting for 36 weeks. It also reached #33 on the Pop charts making it the band's first entry into that chart's Top 40. The album spawned the band's first 3 Top 10 singles. Funky Stuff reached #5 R&B/#29 Pop.
 Tommy heavenly6 is Japanese artist Tomoko Kawase's third solo studio album and debut studio album under the name Tommy heavenly6. The album was released August 24 2005 through DefStar Records and debuted at number 4 on the Oricon albums chart.
 Earthlings is an album by the Norwegian band Chrome Hill (previously called Damp). The album was released in 2008 by Bolage.Beside the band's regular lineup Eirik Hegdal plays baritone sax on three tracks.
 The Essential Eddie Money is a 2003 compilation album of hits from American singer Eddie Money released as part of Sony BMG's Essential series.
 Megarex is the first album recorded by the Brazilian rock group Megarex. It was produced by the own band and released in 2004. This album includes the hits Santo.com and El fuca vermejo no mi atropellará jamás this last one recorded in portuñol.
 The Time is the 1981 debut album by The Time. It consists of funk-pop jams and ballads. Although the band's lineup is listed and pictured on the cover the album was essentially written and performed by Prince with Morris Day replacing Prince's lead vocals. Indeed Prince's backing vocals can be heard clearly on several tracks.
 Grinning Streak is the eleventh studio album by Barenaked Ladies (the tenth if Barenaked Ladies Are Me and Are Men are considered as one double-album). The album was released on June 4 2013 on Vanguard Records. It is the band's first album on Vanguard. The album is the band's second studio album since the departure of founding member Steven Page in February 2009.
 I'm Alive is a solo album released by Night Ranger's drummer Kelly Keagy. Released in 2006 on Frontiers Records it features Jim Peterik Reb Beach and Michael Lardie.
 In the Movies is a 2007 album by Ice Cube. It is a compilation of tracks that have appeared in movies from 1991 with Boyz n the Hood to 2005 with xXx: State of the Union. It was released on September 4 2007 and in Australia on September 24 2007. The album was confused for a studio album prior to the release of the tracklisting. This album has guest appearances from Mack 10 Ms. Toi Dr. Dre Master P Mr. Short Khop and Ice-T.
 Roadsongs is the second live album by The Derek Trucks Band released in 2010. The album features many songs off the band's most recent album Already Free. The album was recorded over two nights in April 2009 at Chicago's West Park. For the album The Derek Trucks Band was joined by a horn section consisting of Paul Garrett (Trumpet) Mace Hibbard (Saxophone) and Kevin Hyde (Trombone).
 Take a Look in the Mirror is the sixth studio album by American nu metal band Korn and is the last studio album to feature their full original lineup with Brian Head Welch departing from the band soon afterwards (however Brian rejoined the band a decade later in 2013 with the release of The Paradigm Shift). It was also the last studio album by Korn under Epic/Immortal.
 The Blessed Unrest is the fourth studio album and third major label album by American singer-songwriter Sara Bareilles. The album was released on July 12 2013 through Epic Records. The lead single from the album Brave was released digitally on April 23 2013. It sold 68000 copies in its first week of release in the United States and debuted at number 2 on the Billboard 200 behind Jay-Z's Magna Carta... Holy Grail. The album was nominated for the 2014 Grammy Award for Album of the Year.
 Chasing After Ghosts was the first full length studio album released by Sheffield based indie pop group The Crookes. Produced by Matt Peel the album was released by Fierce Panda Records on 28 March 2011. The album was supported by the release of four singles and received generally positive reviews in the media. Chasing After Ghosts marked the last recording involvement with The Crookes for founding member and guitarist Alex Saunders.
 Prince (王子) is the third album released by Malaysian singer Nicholas Teo. For his latest album Nicholas Teo worked with the producing duo Cai and Wei Song. The album features 10 songs including the titular rock ballad that sees Nicholas performing rap for the first time. Other recommendable songs are the ballad Mistake After Mistake as well as the romantic The Reason for Happiness.
 Per Aspera ad Astra is the fourth studio LP by Stars of the Lid. It was made in collaboration with artist Jon McCafferty and released on Kranky Records in 1998. Widely known in music circles as the artist behind the cover of R.E.M.'s Green McCafferty approached Stars of the Lid with a view towards collaboration after working on a series of paintings inspired by the duo's 1995 debut Music for Nitrous Oxide. The title is a common Latin phrase translatable as through hardships to the stars.
 Down To Earth is the debut album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett. It was produced by Travis Turk and was initially released in 1970 on Andy Williams's small Barnaby Records label as Z 30093.
 This Hungry Life is the fourth solo album by Tanya Donelly released in 2006. The album was recorded live in front of an audience at a closed hotel in Bellows Falls Vermont in August 2004.
 Here I Stand is the fifth studio album by American R&B recording artist Usher released on May 13 2008 by LaFace Records. Inspired by love for his new wife—Tameka Foster—and son Usher recorded many ballads for the album. Prior to the album's recording Usher split with his mother Jonnetta Patton as manager and hired Benny Medina. Usher's estranged father died months before the release of Here I Stand; this also influenced themes of the album.
 Parakseno Sinesthima (in Greek Παράξενο συναίσθημα meaning Strange feeling) is the 2005 debut album of Greek singer of Cypriot/Lebanese origin Sarbel released in Greek language and released on Sony BMG label. The album was certified gold and was re-released in 2006 in a new edition with a greater number of songs and remixes. Done mostly in a dance pop style the album uses many elements of traditional Greek music (Laiki) in modern fashion as well as Middle Eastern music.
 Alpstein is the second album by Swiss violinist Paul Giger recorded in 1990 and 1991 and released on the ECM label.
 Parables for Wooden Ears was the debut studio album released by the Australian band Powderfinger. It was released on 18 July 1994 by Polydor Records after recording at Melbourne's Metropolis Studios in February 1994.The album was received poorly and failed to chart or improve Powderfinger's platform despite the respectable success of its predecessor Transfusion. Critics complained about its poor imitation of Americana and grunge as well as its overuse of complex riffs.
 Claudine is a Gladys Knight & the Pips album written and produced by Curtis Mayfield. The disc is the soundtrack album for the 1974 20th Century Fox motion picture Claudine starring James Earl Jones and Diahann Carroll. The album was released in March 1974 on the Buddah label.The first single release On and On reached #2 R&B and #5 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Diamond Rio is the eponymous first album of the country music band Diamond Rio. Released in 1991 on Arista Records it produced five chart singles on the Billboard country music charts: the Number One hit Meet in the Middle as well as the Top Ten hits Mirror Mirror Mama Don't Forget to Pray for Me Norma Jean Riley and Nowhere Bound. The album itself received RIAA platinum certification.
 God's Favorite is the third solo studio album by rapper N.O.R.E. released on June 25 2002. The single Nothin' reached #10 on the Billboard Hot 100 becoming his biggest hit single and his only to reach the Top 10. This album peaked at #3 on the Billboard 200 albums chart moving 118000 units in its first week of release.
 Different Things is the ninth studio album by American country music artist Tracy Byrd. It was released in 2006 on Byrd's own Blind Mule label. The songs Cheapest Motel and Better Places Than This were released as singles. The former reached a peak of #55 on the Hot Country Songs charts in 2006.
 Skeletons in the Closet is a live album from the German power metal band Gamma Ray released in 2003. It mostly featured songs that the band had never played live before. The setlist was voted by fans on the band's official website.
 En Vivo: Desde la Plaza El Progrado en Guadalajara (Eng.: Live: From Plaza El Progreso en Guadalajara') is the title of the second live album released by Mexican singer-songwriter Joan Sebastian. This album became his first number-one hit on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart. En Vivo was nominated for a 2002 Lo Nuestro Award for Regional/Mexican Album of the Year.
 Counting Other Peoples Money is the seventh album released by rapper Keak da Sneak. It was released on September 23 2003 for Moe Doe Entertainment and was produced by E-A-Ski Rick Rock DJ Epik D-Dre and CMT. The album was a modest success peaking at #87 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums #37 on the Top Heatseekers and #38 on the Top Independent Albums.
 Magic: The Very Best of Olivia Newton-John is a 2001 greatest hits compilation from Olivia Newton-John. This was the first compilation from Newton-John to include all 15 of her Top 10 hits on the Billboard Hot 100 and the first Newton-John album to include The Grease Megamix.
 Juicy Lucy is the debut album by Anglo-American rock band Juicy Lucy released in 1969. The music is a curiously heavy form of blues-rock often played at break-neck speed. The album was a moderate success reaching number 41 on the U.K. album chart but produced a hit single with their version of the Bo Diddley song Who Do You Love?.
 En Vivo! is a live/video album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. Filmed by Banger Films Inc during The Final Frontier World Tour at Estadio Nacional Santiago Chile on 10 April 2011 and directed by Andy Matthews it was released worldwide on 26 March 2012 23 March in Australia 27 March in the United States and Canada and 28 March in Japan.Met with a generally positive critical response the video counterpart includes a feature length behind the scenes documentary and peaked at No.
 Sunshine of My Soul is an album by pianist Jaki Byard recorded in 1967 and released on the Prestige label.
 Mister Magic is the fourth album by jazz saxophonist Grover Washington Jr. released in February 1975. The album topped both the soul and jazz albums chart and peaked at number ten on the pop chart.
 Galazio Kai Lefko + Remixes (Blue and White) is a five track EP by popular Greek artist Katy Garbi. It was released in 2004 by Sony Music Greece.The single was released to coincide with the 2004 Athens Olympics with the its title and title name reflecting the national colors Blue and White. I'm going to paint all the universe blue and white. For Greece I sing the land I love. All Greece as one...
 Stampede is the 11th studio album by Swiss hard rock band Krokus. It features an almost completely different line-up to that of their last album (with the exception of Fernando von Arb) and was perhaps ironically recorded near the band's home town of Solothurn by Jürg Naegeli a former member of the band. It was also the first Krokus album not to feature Marc Storace on vocals since he joined the band.
 A Pagan Day is a 1984 album by electronic music group Psychic TV. This recording was first released as TOPY 003 on 23 December 1984 as a picture disc limited to 999 copies. One side was a full color photograph of Carresse P-Orridge as a baby the other side had text in red on white.
 500 Degreez is the third studio album by American rapper Lil Wayne released July 23 2002 on Cash Money Records.The title of the album is a nod to fellow rapper Juvenile's album from four years earlier 400 Degreez. The album peaked at number six on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart and peaked at number one on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip Hop Albums chart with 103000 copies sold in its first week. The album has been certified gold by the RIAA and as of September 7 2011 has sold 584179 copies.
 The Reason is the second album by American post-grunge band Hoobastank. It was released on December 9 2003 and has been certified 2x Platinum by the RIAA. To date the album has sold more than 2.3 million copies in the United States alone.
 Earth Music is an album by the American folk rock band The Youngbloods released in 1968. The album did not reach the charts.
 Steady is the eight track studio album by recording artist Jim Bianco. It was released on March 21 2006 in Japan. Currently it is only available on iTunes in Japan.
 Keep It To Yourself is the debut album by MullMuzzler (a band formed by Dream Theater lead singer James LaBrie). It was released on August 24 1999.
 Going Overboard is the third album by Bounding Main released in 2007. It was recorded at SurroundinSoundStudio near Milwaukee Wisconsin. Additional tracks recorded at ConcreteDogBicycle Studio in Kenosha Wisconsin and Vocomotion Studio in Skokie Illinois. It features historic contemporary and original maritime music.
 Live from Austin TX is the third DVD by American jazz singer Norah Jones released in September 2008 and recorded in Texas released in two formats: vinyl double and CD release from the acclaimed PBS Austin City Limits television series. Taken from the full ACL concert that was then edited into the half hour TV show the DVD contains previously unreleased performances. Norah shares the stage with The Handsome Band as well as special guests J. Walter Hawkes and M. Ward.
 Viva Hate is Morrissey's debut solo album released on 14 March 1988 by HMV Records. It was released six months after The Smiths' final album Strangeways Here We Come and was produced by Stephen Street who enlisted Vini Reilly of The Durutti Column as the guitarist. Viva Hate was originally going to be called Education in Reverse; some LPs in Australia and New Zealand were released with this title.Viva Hate was listed by Q as one of the top 50 albums of 1988.
 The Inner Cinema is the second album by Soma released in 1996 through Extreme Records.
 East Grand Blues (also released as Pattern Skies) is an EP by The Greenhornes.
 Sidewalks is the third studio album from Brooklyn-based band Matt & Kim. It was released on November 2 2010 on Fader Label.
 The Juliana Field is the second album by Irish musician Rob Smith. It was released on August 20 2010.Irish music magazine Hot Press described favourably it as as interesting record from a distinctive voice despite a slightly sub-par production for a commercial record. Smith himself commented in detail about the recordings claiming that two tracks included were lo-fi demos that simply didnt sound as fun when recorded in professional studios.
 3.. 6.. 9 Seconds of Light was Belle & Sebastian's third EP released in 1997 on Jeepster Records. The lead track on the EP A Century of Fakers uses the same backing track as A Century of Elvis from Lazy Line Painter Jane. Another song Songs for Children (sometimes known as On the Radio) plays directly after Put the Book Back on the Shelf (on the same track) on both the CD and 12 versions of this release. The front cover features band member Stuart Murdoch with Victoria Morton.
 El Juicio ( The Judgement) is an album by pianist Keith Jarrett featuring performances by Jarrett Dewey Redman Charlie Haden and Paul Motian recorded in 1971 but not released till 1975.
 Ost. Lost in Love is a studio album by Korean singer Younha released on December 9th 2010.
 I'm Ready is an album by Natalie Cole released in 1983. It was her only album released on Epic Records. The album reached peak positions of number 182 on the Billboard 200 and number 54 on Billboard's R&B Albums chart.
 The Singles is a compilation of singles by The Who that was released in the November of 1984. It was only released in the United Kingdom.
 Open House is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded in 1960 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1966. The album didn't appear on CD until being reissued in 1992 as a twofer which also included Plain Talk compiling all the recordings from the session.
 Sixes & Sevens is Adam Green's fifth solo record released by Rough Trade Records in Europe on March 7 2008. A few days later on March 10 it was released in the UK followed closely by a US release on March 18. The first single was Morning After Midnight.
 Burial is an album by Death in June released in 1984. It contains two sides the first is a studio recording and the second is a live recording at the Clarendon Hotel London on October 6th 1983. The album was reissued in 1994 with slightly different artwork remastered and reissued in 2006 in Digipak format with altered artwork. The album was also re-released in 2010 by Soleilmoon Recordings as a limited edition picture disk LP with bonus 7 picture disk single.
 The Jesus Lizard is the third EP by The Jesus Lizard. It was produced by former The Velvet Underground member John Cale.
 Love in Space is a 1996 live album by the English space rock group Hawkwind. It was recorded during the group's 1995 tour to promote the Alien 4 album.It was re-issued in 2009 with bonus tracks taken from the Love in Space EP.
 America Give Up is the debut studio album by American indie rock band Howler. The album was released on January 16 2012 by Rough Trade Records.
 Tentacle is a studio album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow.
 Shirley Stops the Shows is the 7th Shirley Bassey studio album her 5th and final studio album recorded for the EMI/Columbia label in the UK. Released in 1965 this album is a mix of standards and showtunes. Shirley Bassey was at a high point in her career with worldwide success of her single Goldfinger but the album failed to chart in the UK a first for her Columbia albums. The album met with more success in the US reaching number 85 in the US Pop charts.
 May Blitz is the self-titled debut album by British/Canadian power trio May Blitz. It was released in 1970 by Vertigo Records in the UK and Paramount Records in the US.
 Demolition War is the first extended play released by the anarcho-punk group Subhumans. It was originally released on Spiderleg Records in 1981 and was also released as part of the EP-LP compilation on Bluurg Records in 1985.
 Goodbye to the Edge City is the debut EP released in 2001 from Preston School of Industry.
 Let It Flow is the third solo album by Southern rock/Blues-rock/Country rock/Swamp rock musician Elvin Bishop. The album was recorded in 1974 at Capricorn Studios in Macon Georgia several years after he left The Butterfield Blues Band. Guest musicians include Charlie Daniels Dickey Betts Toy Caldwell Vassar Clements and Sly Stone.
 The Bamboo Parachute is a spoken word album by Deftones bassist Chi Cheng.
 Meaningless is singer-songwriter Jon Brion's 2001 debut solo album. Initially slated for release on Lava Records the album was ultimately released independently by Brion on his own Straight to Cut-Out label sold through his website and CD Baby.
 Days of the New (also known as the Orange or Yellow album) is the debut album of world music/post-grunge band Days of the New and the first of their three self-titled albums. The album was released in 1997 through Outpost.
 Glee: The Music Volume 1 is the debut soundtrack album by the cast of the musical television series Glee which airs on Fox in the United States. It features cover versions from the first nine episodes of the first season and was released on November 2 2009 by Columbia Records and 20th Century Fox Television Records. The album received mixed reviews from critics with many praising large ensemble numbers but comparing it to karaoke tracks.
 T.I.M.E. is the second and final album from hip hop group Leaders of the New School. The acronym T.I.M.E. stands for The Inner Mind's Eye. This effort didn't fare nearly as well as their debut album A Future Without a Past... receiving mixed reviews.
 Bimbo is the second album released by a Polish pop rock band Virgin. The album has earned golden record award in Poland.
 Friends II is the fifth Mini-Album for the Japanese rock duo B'z. The album sold 1466650 copies and reached #1 at Oricon.
 Lo Fi Acoustic Excursions is the first of two albums released by Mike Badger featuring a compilation of his various musical incarnations including the La's and The Onset its sister album being Lo Fi Electric Excursions. Lo Fi Acoustic Excursions was released by the Generator Label in 2004. It contains a collection of songs outtakes ideas and sketches from 1983 to 2003.
 New Irish Hymns (released as In Christ Alone: New Hymns for Prayer and Worship or for short In Christ Alone in the US) is the first in a series of themed albums created and produced by Keith Getty. This album features vocalists Máire Brennan Margaret Becker and Joanne Hogg performing songs by Keith Getty and others (as indicated below).
 Za7ie is a multi-release musical project by French singer-songwriter Zazie. The project themed by days of the week consists of seven titles per day of the week for a total of 49 new recordings.Fourteen of the titles were released in an album Za7ie on 2010-09-20.
 Ticket to the Moon: The Very Best of Electric Light Orchestra Volume 2 is a 2007 compilation album by Electric Light Orchestra and is a companion to 2005's All Over the World. The album features most although not all post-1973 UK singles that did not make the first album together with band leader and songwriter Jeff Lynne's input of best album tracks.
 So They Say Is Pete Francis's first solo album. So They Say features acoustic music with some pop influence similar to many of the earlier works of his former band Dispatch. Songs Burning the River and Carry You were in fact often played together with Dispatch and Carry You was re-recorded for a Dispatch record. Other songs on the album though some seem to have been abandoned still remain in live rotation for example Father Rose and If I May.
 Before We Were So Rudely Interrupted is a 1977 reunion album from The Animals billed here as The Original Animals.
 Hangad a Capella is the second album recorded by Philippine-based vocal ensemble Hangad. As the title says all songs in this album were recorded without any musical accompaniment. Most songs in a Capella are arrangements of familiar Filipino religious and inspirational songs; with the exception of two tracks a Capella was indeed to be a collection of songs composed by Jesuit composers.Hangad a Capella was launched on June 23 2002 at the Oratory of St.
 Very Best of En Vogue is a 2001 greatest hits album by En Vogue featuring hits from their four studio albums Born to Sing Funky Divas Runaway Love and EV3. It contains all the hits of En Vogue.
 Classic Romance is a 2009 album by violinist David Garrett.
 Book of Life is the second album from Jamaican reggae artist I Wayne. It features his typically smooth voice over typical Jamaican rhythms. The album reflects I Wayne's personal philosophy of positivism and his stance against rude boy culture which he blames for several of Jamaica's problems.In Life Is Easy he expresses his view that the only way out of suffering is to be grateful for your positives in your life. Jealousy and Abuse deal with the problem of domestic violence.
 The Late Show is a live album by saxophonists Eddie Lockjaw Davis and Johnny Griffin recorded at Minton's Playhouse in 1961 and released on the Prestige label in 1965. The album was the fourth release from the recordings at Minton's after The Tenor Scene The First Set and The Midnight Show.
 Fresh Water is the debut album by Australian rock and blues singer Alison McCallum released in 1972. Rare for an Australian artist at the time it came in a gatefold sleeve. It was re-issued in 1974 under the title Any Way You Want Me in a single sleeve with new artwork.
 Here Comes the Whistleman is a live album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Roland Kirk recorded in March 1965 at Atlantic Studios in New York. It was his first release on the Atlantic label and features performances by Kirk with Lonnie Liston Smith Major Holley and Charles Crosby. The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states  His band for the occasion is stellar... This is the hard jump blues and deep R&B Roland Kirk band.
 The State of Mind Report is the sixth studio album by Polish thrash metal band Acid Drinkers. It was released on April 22 1996 in Poland through Polton and Warner Music Poland. The album was recorded from January 22 to February 9 1996 at Deo Recordings Studio in Wisła and was mixed at Buffo Studio in Warsaw. The cover art was created by Litza Ewa Ludmiła Fedan Zygmunt Tomala Paweł Nowicki and fotos by Piotr Stańczak.
 Baal is an EP by David Bowie comprising recordings of songs written for Bertolt Brecht’s play Baal. It is sometimes referred to as David Bowie in Bertolt Brecht’s Baal as credited on the sleeve.In August 1981 Bowie had begun rehearsals to appear in the BBC version of Baal. The lyrics to the songs were all translated by Ralph Manheim and John Willett.
 Live 1961–2000: Thirty-Nine Years of Great Concert Performances is a live compilation album by Bob Dylan released only in Japan on February 28 2001. All of the tracks on this album are available on other official releases.
 Little Richard was the eponymous second studio album by Little Richard released in 1958.
 Worship is the third album from the noise rock band A Place to Bury Strangers. It is their first album for their new label Dead Oceans. You Are the One was released a free download on April 2.The track listing has been confirmed on the label's site.
 Odetta and The Blues is an album by folk singer Odetta released in 1962.Recorded as the 1950s/1960s American folk music revival was getting underway the album is notable for Odetta's use of a jazz band on the record.It has subsequently been re-released on CD in 1984 on Riverside/Original Blues Classics (OBCCD-509-2) Ace (509) (1993) and Legacy (354).
 Precious Gems was Tom Fogerty's sixth album credited as Tom Fogerty + Ruby .
 Truth in Shredding is the first studio album by the Mark Varney Project (MVP) released in 1990 through Legato Records and reissued on November 4 2003 through Tone Center Records. MVP was a short-lived collaborative project put together by Mark Varney brother of Shrapnel Records founder Mike Varney. Mark founded Legato in the 1980s which served as a jazz-oriented counterpart to the rock stylings of Shrapnel.
 Skidoo is an album by Harry Nilsson. It is the original soundtrack recording for the 1968 Otto Preminger film Skidoo arranged and conducted by George Tipton and released by RCA Records.Track 1 The Cast and Crew was used at the close of the film and consists of Nilsson putting the entire end credits (key grip and all) to music and singing them.Preminger gave Nilsson a cameo role in the film as a prison guard.
 Attack of the Grey Lantern is the debut album by English alternative rock band Mansun released in February 1997 via Parlophone. The album spent a total of 19 weeks on the UK Albums Chart peaking at number one.
 Celebrate the New Dark Age is an EP by Polvo. It was recorded at Duck Kee Studios by Jerry Kee and released on Merge Records in 1994.
 The War Within is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Shadows Fall. The album has sold over 300000 copies worldwide. The War Within is the bands best selling album and in 2005 made sales history on Century Media Records when it became the labels best selling album of all time. To date the album retains this status.
 A Frail Becoming is the title of the fourth full length album by Daylight Dies. It was released by Candlelight Records on October 9 2012 four years after the release of the band's last album Lost to the Living.
 Live is a live album by contemporary folk three-piece Lau released April 28 2008 through Navigator Records.
 Skull Snaps was a funk group active between 1963 and 1973. Until 1970 they were known as The Diplomats and released a number of singles with some success.
 Simon's Way is an album by The Simon May Orchestra and released in 1986. Anita Dobson who also starred in the television show EastEnders sings the theme to the show (Anyone Can Fall In Love). Marti Webb sings the theme to the television show Howards' Way (Always There).
 Back To Mine: Röyksopp is a compilation album from the Back To Mine series from DMC Publishing. It was compiled and mixed by the electronica band Röyksopp.
 R.E.O. Speedwagon was the debut album by American rock band REO Speedwagon. Released in 1971 it was the only album recorded with singer Terry Luttrell until Kevin Cronin joined the band for R.E.O./T.W.O.
 Identified! is an album by The Nashville String Band released in 1971. The band consisted of Chet Atkins and Homer and Jethro.The musicians are pictured unmasked with their instruments on the back cover. The trio made six albums together.
 Extreme – The Collection is the second greatest hits album by Extreme. After the lack of success of Waiting for the Punchline the band subsequently disbanded.
 The Best of John Coltrane is a 1970 compilation album released by Atlantic Records collecting recordings made by jazz saxophonist John Coltrane. The album was released shortly after his death as a part of the Atlantic Jazz Anthology—a series of greatest hits compilations for Atlantic jazz artists—and features performances from his brief period recording for Atlantic with new liner notes by jazz journalist Nat Hentoff.
 Hot Loser is the title of Veal's first album. The album was released in 1996 in Canada.
 Space In Your Face is the second studio album from heavy metal band Galactic Cowboys.
 Greatest Hits is a 2004 compilation album by Lee Ann Womack. It features eleven of her biggest hits from her first four albums a reworking of previous album track (Does My Ring Burn Your Finger originally from I Hope You Dance) and two new tracks: The Wrong Girl and Time for Me to Go the former of which was a top 25 single for her in 2004.
 Street Called Desire is the fourth and final album by the duo René & Angela. This would be their only album for the Mercury Records label.
 The Twelve Inches of Bananarama is a compilation album by English girl group Bananarama released on 2 October 2006 by Warner Bros. Records. The collection contains twelve remixes of Bananarama songs spanning the years 1982 to 1991 many of which are appearing on compact disc for the first time. The photo on the album cover features group members Sara Dallin Jacquie O'Sullivan and Keren Woodward from the Pop Life album era circa 1991.
 De RigueurMortis correctly italicised: De RigueurMortis or simply De Rig is a 2001 album by Australian alternative-rock group TISM (This Is Serious Mum).Initial copies of this release (dubbed the ‘Connoisseur's Edition’) include several untitled tracks and a bonus CD titled 2Pot Screama a 41 minute rock opera in one act.TISM have described 2Pot Screama as West Side Story with tourette's syndrome.The title is taken from a line in the song Come Back DJ Your Record is Scratched.The album cover is a tribute to the fantasy-themed artwork of Roger Dean famous for his work with art rock bands such as Yes.
 Ride the Void is the second album by Heavy Metal band Holy Grail released in 2013 under Nuclear Blast records.
 SYNERGY released on February 27 2002 is the fourth original album by Japanese band m.o.v.e and the theme for this CD was for the music to be of a techno/trance style. Since the album was so long five of the songs had to be shortened. Each full-length song can be found on their respective singles with the exception of LET'S ROCK!! Many fans consider this to be m.o.v.e's best original album to date.
 Ode to John Law is the second studio album by Scottish blues band Stone the Crows.
 The Bill Evans Album is an album by the jazz pianist Bill Evans released in 1971.At the Grammy Awards of 1972 The Bill Evans Album won the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Instrumental Solo and the Best Jazz Performance by a Group awards.The Bill Evans Memorial Library states it is the first recording in which Evans used a Fender Rhodes piano.The Bill Evans Album was reissued with three bonus alternative tracks by Sony in 2005.
 Serenata d'Amore is an album from Caterina Valente with Silvio Francesco and Kurt Edelhagen and His Orchestra released in Brazil in the 1950s.
 MCMXC a.D. (1990 in Roman numerals followed by an abbreviation of Anno Domini) is the first studio album from the electronic music group Enigma headed by Michael Cretu. Recorded at A.R.T. Studios in Ibiza it is one of the first albums to be recorded on a hard disk.Released in 1990 on Virgin Records the album reached number one in 41 countries including the UK. It peaked at number 6 in the United States and remained on the Billboard 200 for 282 weeks.
 #3 is the third studio album released by Irish pop rock trio The Script. The album was released in Ireland on 7 September 2012 in the United Kingdom on 10 September and in the United States on 9 October. The album was preceded by the release of the single Hall of Fame a duet with Danny O'Donoghue's co-judge on The Voice UK will.i.am. The album opened at #2 in the United Kingdom and #13 in the United States selling 24002 copies.
 White Nights: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the 1985 film White Nights. The most successful single on the album Separate Lives by Phil Collins and Marilyn Martin reached the top of the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1986. The prize instead went to Lionel Richie's Say You Say Me another chart topper which appeared in the film but was not included on the soundtrack.
 Wild Wonderful Purgatory is the second full length album by Stoner Rock band Karma to Burn. It is their first fully instrumental album after the departure of former vocalist Jay Jarosz a style they would keep for all subsequent releases. It was released on May 31 1999 (Europe) by RoadRunner UK and July 7 (North America) by MIA Records.
 Memorial is the seventh studio album by Portuguese gothic metal band Moonspell released on April 24 2006 by SPV. The album is available in two versions: a standard edition and a limited 'digipack' edition with the Atlantic bonus track.On January 16 2007 Memorial was certified gold by the Associação Fonográfica Portuguesa for selling over 10000 copies in Portugal.
 Comin' On Strong is the sixth album from American country music singer Trace Adkins. It was released on December 2 2003 on Capitol Records Nashville. Although it produced only two singles — Hot Mama and Rough & Ready which respectively reached No. 5 and No. 13 on the Hot Country Songs charts — it was certified platinum by the RIAA.The track I'd Sure Hate to Break Down Here was later recorded by Julie Roberts as Break Down Here on her self-titled debut album.
 Barry Manilow is the sixth self-titled album released by singer and songwriter Barry Manilow. Manilow released a total of six self-titled albums in his career: Barry Manilow (later re-released as Barry Manilow I) Barry Manilow II Barry Manilow and this album with the same title as his first. The album was released in 1989 and reached Gold certification.
 The Ultimate Vanessa-Mae is a compilation album by Vanessa-Mae released on EMI in 2003 (see 2003 in music).
 Let's Eat is the 36th The Wiggles album release featuring guest vocalists Keith Urban Mic Conway Tom McGlynn Paul Field and the famous Aussie band Mental As Anything. It was released on the 1st of July 2010 & won the 2010 ARIA for Best Children's album.
 How Do You Do is the second studio album by American recording artist Mayer Hawthorne released October 5 2011 on Universal Republic Records. The limited edition box set of the album gave Hawthorne his first Grammy Award nomination for Best Boxed or Special Limited Edition Package in 2014.
 Carlo Cokxxx Nutten 2 is a 2009 collabo album by German rappers Bushido (alias Sonny Black) & Fler (alias Frank White). The album was titled as second part but is actually the third part of the Carlo Cokxxx Nutten albums.
 The Return of the Psycho is the sixth album released by rapper Ganksta N-I-P. It was released on November 11 2003 through Rest In Peace / Black Market Records and featured production from 151 Dope E J.B. Money and K-Rino. The entire project was headed by Mars.
 Kau Bintangku is the fourth studio album from Malaysian singer Francissca Peter released in 1987.
 The Rusty Razor is the debut studio album by Irish folk band Goats Don't Shave released in 1992.The album became a success after release going Gold in Ireland.
 The Hemp Museum is the second studio album by American rapper B-Legit released November 26 1996 on Jive and Sick Wid It Records. The album features production by K-Lou Mike Mosley Studio Ton Tone Capone and B-Legit. It peaked at number 15 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 55 on the Billboard 200. The album features guest performances by Kurupt C-Bo E-40 Levitti Daryl Hall Celly Cel A-1 and Funk Mobb.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by American adult contemporary artist Dan Fogelberg. It included two previously unreleased tracks Missing You and Make Love Stay both of which were released as singles and peaked at chart positions #23 and #29 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart respectively. Both of the new songs made the Top 10 on the adult contemporary chart with Missing You rising to #6 and Make Love Stay becoming the singer's third #1 on the AC chart.
 Big Love: Hymnal – Music Written for the HBO Series Plus Other Recent Compositions is a soundtrack album by David Byrne including music composed for the HBO television drama Big Love released on August 19 2008. Byrne has written on his journal that it is not a pop record by any stretch but a soundtrack featuring lush instrumentation including horns and strings with minimal percussion.
 Dedicated to Nelson is a 1996 studio album by American jazz singer Rosemary Clooney dedicated to the arranger Nelson Riddle. Clooney's television show from 1956-57 featured arrangements by Riddle and the original arrangements are transcribed here performed by a big band.Riddle also arranged two studio albums by Clooney Rosie Solves the Swingin' Riddle! from 1960 and 1963's Love.
 Vol(l)ume 14 is the fourteenth studio album by the German thrash metal band Tankard released through AFM Records.
 Chills is the first solo album from American guitarist Clint Lowery (under the name Hello Demons...Meet Skeletons) released in October 2008. Clint Lowery was in the previous bands: Still Rain Sevendust Dark New Day and Korn. He returned to Sevendust after four years.
 Time Exposure is the thirteenth album by Stanley Clarke.
 Live at the Hootenanny Vol. 1 is a live compilation recorded at the Hootenanny Festival at the Oak Canyon Ranch California in 1999 over the Fourth of July weekend. The concert features rockabilly bands like the Reverend Horton Heat The Derailers Mike Ness and the Royal Crown Revue.
 Sä osaat! is the second solo studio album by Finnish singer-songwriter Erin. It was released on 7 June 2013. In its first week of release the album debuted at number one on the Finnish Album Chart.
 The Hunters Lullaby was the first solo album released by Canadian singer and musician Raine Maida the vocalist for Our Lady Peace. It was released on November 13 2007 by Kingnoise Records. The first single off the album is Yellow Brick Road. Previous solo work by Maida includes a four-song EP entitled Love Hope Hero which was released on November 14.
 Intro – The Gift Recordings is a compilation album by Pulp. It contains the band's three singles recorded for Gift and was released in October 1993. The version of Babies included here is the original single mix released in 1992 slightly different from the 1994 version available on the album His 'n' Hers.
 Grave Human Genuine is a studio album by German progressive metal band Dark Suns. It was released as a jewelcase as well as a limited edition Digipak with a bonus song.Andy Schmidt of Disillusion performed guest vocals on the song Flies in Amber.The Chameleon Defect was made into a music video under the name The Chameleon Conflict.
 Shovel is the second album of noise rock band feedtime released in 1986 through Aberrant Records.
 Appetite for Adrenochrome is the debut album by the Sacramento California punk rock band the Groovie Ghoulies released in 1989 on their own independent label Crimson Corpse Records. It was recorded at Enharmonic Studios in Sacramento with the band's original lineup of Kepi Ghoulie (vocals guitar) Rudge (guitar) Vetty (bass guitar) and John Philip Sosa (drums). The cover art and the band's logo were done by Alex Mock while the artwork and typesetting for the lyrics sheet was done by S.
 Night Time is the fifth studio album by English post-punk band Killing Joke. It was released in March 1985 through record label EG.
 Live: P-Funk Earth Tour is a 1977 Parliament live double album that documents the band's P-Funk Earth Tour of that year. The performances include songs from Parliament's albums through The Clones of Dr. Funkenstein as well as songs from the Funkadelic repertoire.
 L.S.T. is the second album from Japanese multi-instrumentalist Shugo Tokumaru. It has been released in Japan France and New Zealand.
 Burn It! is the third studio album by English band Modern Romance. It was released in 1985 on LP and Cassette tape by RCA and has not since been reissued. Although the record sleeve states the LP was released in 1985 the label on the actual LP is dated 1984. Furthermore the label states the LP title as Move On.
 Infinity Land is the third studio album by Scottish alternative rock band Biffy Clyro released on October 4 2004 on Beggars Banquet.
 Golden Hits of the Smothers Brothers Vol. 2 (released January 1969) was the Smothers Brothers' first greatest hits album. There is no Volume 1 but all of the routines had been performed on earlier comedy albums by the duo. These are not the same performances contained on other albums making it a new album. There was not a true hits collection for the duo until Sibling Revelry: The Best of the Smothers Brothers released in 1988.
 The Wanderer is the debut studio album by Ukrainian folk metal band Holy Blood. It was self-released on May 13 2002 and re-released in 2005 through Bombworks Records. Musically the album features a hybrid mixture of black metal and folk metal with Celtic influences and occasional death metal undercurrents such as on the song Kill. The overall output is more aggressive than anything the band has released since.
 MTV ao Vivo – Eletrodoméstico is the second live album by Brazilian singer Daniela Mercury released on April 22 2003. It was recorded as a MTV ao Vivo special in late 2002. Two songs from the album Dona da Banca and Meu Plano were released as singles.
 Oh No It's Love is the second album by Canadian pop band The Bicycles.
 Time Tourist or TimeTourist is an album released by B12 in 1996 on Warp.
 The Best In The World: Non-Stop Special Remix/Alyssa's Singles is the first compilation album from singer Alyssa Milano consisting of remixed singles plus one new song (The Best In The World). Released February 21 1990 all the tracks are remixed into a continuous mix. This album was also released in a Picture Disc Edition.The album peaked at #9 on the Japanese Oricon Albums Chart for a total of eight weeks.
 Out of Control is the second solo album (his first being his 1978 self-titled) released by former Kiss drummer Peter Criss. Recording for the album began in March 1980 when Criss was still officially a member of Kiss. The album sold very poorly and was not re-released on CD until 1997 as the Kiss reunion tour was underway.The lone single from the album I Found Love failed to chart. The album also features a hidden bonus track of a cover of As Time Goes By.
 Shine: The Hits is the first compilation album by Christian pop rock group Newsboys. It was released in 2000 spanning recordings from 1988 to 1998 (songs from 1999's Love Liberty Disco their latest studio album at the time were left off the collection).
 The Unthanks with Brighouse and Rastrick Brass Band the sixth album by English folk group The Unthanks was released on 30 July 2012. Its extended title is: Diversions Vol. 2: The Unthanks with Brighouse and Rastrick Brass Band. Recorded at Salford's The Lowry at Leeds Town Hall at Derby Assembly Rooms and St George's Bristol it is The Unthanks' second live album.
 Got My Own is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1972 and released on the Prestige label.
 Roll Away is the debut album by the British blues rock power trio Back Door Slam. It was recorded with the classic lineup of Davey Knowles on guitar Adam Jones on Bass and Ross Doyle on drums and released on 18 June 2007 in the Isle of Man 1 July in the United States and 25 September 2007 in the United Kingdom under Blix Street Records.
 45 rpm: The Singles 1980–1982 is a box set compilation by British rock band The Jam. The set contains nine singles released by the band between 1980 and 1982 in remastered formats with original artwork and reproduction sleeves.
 Truth of Truths - a Contemporary Rock Opera is a 1971 two-disc Christian rock album which was largely conceived by promoter/producer Ray Ruff. The album is arranged as a rock opera based on significant events in the Christian Bible with the first two sides pertaining to the Old Testament and two to the New Testament. The album has a black cover with a white title and a gold Star of David and Cross.
 Keep the Fire is a soft rock album released in 1979 by Kenny Loggins. It was his third solo album after Loggins & Messina disbanded and is perhaps best known for the hit single This is It. The song was co-written by Michael McDonald who also performed on the track.
 Can't Have Nothin' Nice is the third and final album recorded by Austin Minnesota band the Gear Daddies. It is a collection of new and live versions of previously released songs as well as new songs that had never been released on an album (though many had been played in concert). It was released in 1992 on Crackpot Records.
 Seventh Wave is the seventh studio album by British ambient dance band System 7.
 Sugar is Tonic's second studio album released in 1999. Released on November 9 1999 and self-produced by the band itself the album's title shared the same name as the fifth track on the recording. The creative and collaborative process spanned several geographic locations including Austin Texas and a 15000-square-foot (1400 m2) mansion in New Orleans Louisiana where actual recording for the album was performed.
 Future Girls is the second album by Swedish pop music/bubblegum dance group Smile.dk. The album was released in 2000. The song Dancing All Alone was featured in the video game Dance Dance Revolution 5thMIX. Tracks from this album are featured on several Dancemania megamix albums including Dancemania X7 HYPER DELUX and DELUX 5.
 The Music of Grand Theft Auto IV is a 2008 soundtrack packaged with the special edition of Grand Theft Auto IV. The disc contains several soundtrack selections from the video game Grand Theft Auto IV. The soundtrack features several genres from gangsta rap to rock music and reggae. Several artists re-recorded their songs to make references to in-game locations. One song Liberty City: The Invasion was composed specifically for the game and the soundtrack.
 Flagman Ahead is the fifth album by the acid jazz band Tab Two. It contains the hit single No Flagman Ahead.
 Mansbestfriend Pt. 2: No Thanks is a 2003 album by American underground hip hop artist Sole. Inititially self-released the album was repackaged and remastered with additional tracks in 2004 and released by Morr Music under the title The New Human Is Illegal with Sole using Mansbestfriend as an alternate moniker rather than as a title for the first time as he would again for his 2007 instrumental project Poly.Sci.187.
 Trapt Live! is a live album by the American rock band Trapt released on September 18 2007 by Eleven Seven Music. The live album contains two new studio tracks Stay Alive and Everything to Lose while the rest was recorded during live performances. Stay Alive was released as a single in 2007.
 Live from Paris (Spanish: En Vivo Desde París) is the fourth live album by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira. It was filmed at the Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy concert hall in Paris France where Shakira performed on June 13 and 14 2011 as part of the European leg of The Sun Comes Out World Tour. Live from Paris was released in a DVD and live audio CD format a standard DVD format and as a Blu-ray Disc edition.
 Circa is an album by American composer and pianist Michael Cain with trumpeter Ralph Alessi and saxophonist Peter Epstein recorded in 1996 and released on the ECM label.
 Mellow is a 2CD compilation album by Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan released on 1 November 1997 (Recall 158).
 Swansong For You is the second and last album released by Isobel Campbell's solo project The Gentle Waves. The album was released on November 6 2000 in UK and on November 7 2000 in USA.
 Release is Sister Hazel's seventh studio album. It was released on August 18 2009 through Croakin' Poets/Rock Ridge.Unlike previous Sister Hazel albums all of the band members contributed to the songwriting. According to Ryan Newell the album got its name because they Took a different approach on this record and 'released' the past method.
 Words and Music is the twelfth and final album by American soul/R&B group Tavares released by RCA in 1983. The album contains a top 10 R&B single in Deeper in Love and peaked at #48 on the R&B chart.
 We Can't Dance is the fourteenth studio album by the band Genesis released on 11 November 1991 through Atlantic (United States) and Virgin (Europe). It was released as a single album on CD and cassette and as a double album on vinyl. The album reached No.1 in the UK where it remained on the charts for 61 weeks. It was the band's final studio album featuring vocalist/drummer Phil Collins who would leave Genesis in 1996 to focus on his solo work.
 Sinfonico II (Symphonic II) (2001) is the eighteenth album and first compilation album by Mexican Rock Blues band El Tri. Is the second one to contain (as the name implies) collaboration of a symphonic orchestra.
 The Angelic Conversation is a CD soundtrack released by Coil for the film The Angelic Conversation.Enochian Calling Angelic Stations and a few other tracks use samples from How to Destroy Angels. Never was previously released in a shorter form on Unnatural History and the mysterious compilation Less Than Angels.This album was recorded by John Balance Peter Christopherson and Stephen Thrower.
 Transcendental Highway is the fifth solo album by Scottish-Australian singer Colin Hay released in 1998. (See 1998 in music). Re-Released 21 April 2009 (with hidden extras).
 The Source Presents: Hip Hop Hits Volume 3 is the third annual music compilation album to be contributed by The Source magazine. Released November 30 1999 and distributed by Def Jam Recordings Hip Hop Hits Volume 3 features seventeen hip hop and rap hits.
 The Cheerful Insanity of Giles Giles and Fripp was the first album from the 1960s psychedelic rock group Giles Giles and Fripp. In addition to 13 songs the album contains two comedic spoken word pieces The Saga of Rodney Toady and Just George which are interspersed between the songs. The album is a mix of various styles (folk classical pop psychedelic rock and religious music).The original U.S. LP version released in 1968 has a completely different cover than the UK version.
 Experienced is a live CD and DVD set by Japanese electronica/rock duo Boom Boom Satellites. Released on February 23 2011 the album consists of a recording of their performance at Chiba's Makuhari Messe the last stop of their Japan Tour 2010 2nd Stage. The set list mainly features tracks from their 2010 studio album To the Loveless. Mastering of the album was completed on January 6 2011 as announced by the band's Twitter account.
 Just Tell Me You Love Me is the soundtrack to the film of the same name with songs performed by the pop rock duo England Dan & John Ford Coley.
 Beast-box redirects here. For the Transformers character see Beas-tbox (Transformers).The Key To Joy Is Disobedience was a box set released by the group Coil. It contains the following releases: Live Four Live Three Live Two Live One ANS and Megalithomania!. The set is often incorrectly referred to as Live Box. Upon its release the set cost just under $200. Other than CDs the set contains four art prints one of which is signed and one of which contains an actual drawing.
 Shirley Scott Plays Horace Silver is an album by organist Shirley Scott featuring compositions by Horace Silver which was recorded in 1959 and released on the Prestige label.
 Everybody's Rockin' is the thirteenth studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young released in 1983. The album was recorded with the Shocking Pinks (a band made up just for the occasion) and features a selection of rockabilly songs (both covers and original material). Running 25 minutes it is Young's shortest album.
 Mister Mysterious is an album by pianist Mickey Tucker which was recorded in 1978 and released on the Muse label.
 Billboard Top R&B Hits: 1970 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1990 featuring 10 hit rhythm and blues recordings from 1970.All tracks on the album were hits on Billboard's Best Selling Soul Singles chart. In addition several of the songs were mainstream hits charting on the Billboard Hot 100 during 1970. Of the mainstream hits three of the songs — The Love You Save and I'll Be There both by The Jackson 5; and Ain't No Mountain High Enough by Diana Ross — reached No.
 A Lifetime or More is a split EP by The Album Leaf and On! Air! Library!. The first three tracks are by the former band and the last five tracks by the latter band.
 Slut is the first and only EP by Flesh Volcano released in 1987 by Some Bizzare Records.
 Music Fuh Ya' (Musica Para Tu) is an album by American blues artist Taj Mahal.
 Space Heater is the fifth album by Reverend Horton Heat released by Interscope Records in March 1998. It charted on the Billboard 200 reaching number 187. Pride of San Jacinto appears in the videogame Hot Wheels Turbo Racing.
 Veto is the seventh studio album by German melodic death metal band Heaven Shall Burn released on 19 April 2013 through Century Media Records.
 A Swedish Love Story is an EP released by Canadian musician Owen Pallett. Following Heartland this is Pallett's second release under his own name rather than his previous stage name Final Fantasy.
 The Twilight Saga: New Moon – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the official soundtrack for the 2009 film The Twilight Saga: New Moon. The score for New Moon was composed by Alexandre Desplat while the rest of the soundtrack was chosen by music supervisor Alexandra Patsavas who also produced the Twilight soundtrack. The New Moon – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack album was released on October 16 2009 by Patsavas' Chop Shop label in conjunction with Atlantic Records.
 Johnny Comes Marching Home is the second album released in 1986 by The Del-Lords on EMI America Records.
 Matthew Morrison is the self-titled debut album of Glee star Matthew Morrison released on May 10 2011.
 Hoćemo gusle (trans. We Want Gusle) is the second studio album released in 1989 by Montenegrin-Serbian musician Rambo Amadeus.The track Amerika i Engleska (biće zemlja proleterska) was originally supposed to be named Kataklizma komunizma (Cataclysm of Communism) but powers that be wouldn't allow it.
 Sonny Stitt / Live at Ronnie Scott's is the fifth Dick Morrissey Quartet recording. It comprises a jam session with Sonny Stitt recorded live at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club London in 1965. It has also been released on the same label with the title Sonny's Blues.
 Hear in the Now Frontier is the sixth studio album by the American heavy metal band Queensrÿche released in 1997. It was partly recorded at Studio Litho in Seattle the home studio of Pearl Jam guitarist Stone Gossard and was engineered and mixed by Toby Wright who had recently worked with Alice In Chains. The album debuted at No. 19 but quickly vanished from the charts.
 Oxygène 7–13 is a 1997 album of instrumental electronic music by Jean Michel Jarre his ninth overall studio album. It is the sequel to his 1976 album Oxygène and is dedicated to Jarre's former mentor experimental musician Pierre Schaeffer. While the album was recorded using many of the same synthesizers as Oxygène and the titling suggests a continuation from where the first album ends many tracks have a more uptempo character-like.
 The Horseshoe Curve is Trey Anastasio's sixth studio album. It was his second release on his record label Rubber Jungle Records. The Horseshoe Curve is entirely instrumental apart from three cries of Burlap Sack & Pumps on track 3 of the same name. This album features the ten-member dectet that toured from 2002 to 2004. The album was primarily recorded at The Barn Anastasio's recording studio near Burlington Vermont and Trout Recording in Brooklyn New York.
 Maxinquaye is the debut album of the English musician Tricky released in 1995. Expanding on the sonic template of fellow Bristolians Massive Attack and featuring then-girlfriend Martina Topley-Bird on vocals Maxinquaye is a dark mysterious album featuring a combination of hip-hop soul dub rock and electronica.Maxinquaye named after Tricky's late mother Maxine Quaye received critical acclaim.
 This article describes the 41st album in the New Zealand Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 41 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music 41 or Now 41 released on 19th April 2013. The album is the 41st edition of the (New Zealand) Now! series.
 Love Will Come: The Music of Vince Guaraldi Volume 2 is the 16th album by pianist George Winston and 12th solo piano album released on February 2 2010. The album is a follow-up to the well-received 1996 tribute album highlighing much of Guaraldi's Peanuts works Linus and Lucy – The Music of Vince Guaraldi.
 Movies Of The Mind is a live album from Michael Nesmith. The album documents Nesmith's 2013 2-month tour of the United States.According to Nesmith the songs played on the album touched a chronological and thematic history of Nesmith's solo music. He stated I picked my favorites to play the ones I have come to love over the years and the ones that are most requested by fans of my solo work.The album was available directly through Nesmith's web site Videoranch.
 Higher Voltage!: Another Brief History of Rock is a Kerrang! covermount CD released on June 20 2007 featuring many older rock songs covered by newer rock artists.
 Unfortunately is the fourth studio album by Shalabi Effect. It was recorded on three consecutive nights at the Montreal Arts Interculturels Institute live.
 Hearts and Minds is a 2000 album by the jazz singer Susannah McCorkle her 16th album. It peaked at number 16 on the Billboard Top Jazz Albums chart.This was Susannah McCorkle's last set of recordings. She took her own life in May 2001.
 We Started Nothing is the debut album by British duo The Ting Tings. It was released on 16 May 2008 by Columbia Records. The US edition has a different cover image in several background colours. The album was also released in the UK on red vinyl limited to 2000 copies. The US vinyl version is a standard black-vinyl pressing. As of March 2012 We Started Nothing had sold 632341 copies in the UK.
 Moonshine is the eighth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch released in 1973.
 Solomon's Splendor is a 2000 album by Trace Bundy. It comprises original instrumental music on acoustic guitar. This album was re-released in February 2003.
 Witch Hunter is the second studio album of Grave Digger. It was released in May 1985 by Noise Records.The song School's Out is an Alice Cooper cover that was originally released on the School's Out album.
 Jama Ko is the third studio album from Malian musician Bassekou Kouyate and his band Ngoni Ba. It was released in April 2013 by Out Here Records.The first single Jama Ko was released on October 22 2012.
 Never on Sunday is an album by Ramsey Lewis' Trio featuring tracks recorded in 1961 and released on the Argo label.
 Justincase is the self-titled debut studio album by American alternative rock group Justincase released on October 29 2002.With the help of singer/songwriter Michelle Branch Justincase signed with Maverick Records in 2001 and released their debut album through the label. Don't Cry For Us co-written with Branch became the lead single for the album. After a short tour sponsored by Wal-Mart the band was dropped by their label due to lackluster sales despite heavy promotion if this album.
 Pour Down Like Silver is the third album by the British duo of singer/songwriter/guitarist Richard and singer Linda Thompson. It was recorded in the summer of 1975 and released in November 1975.
 Lisa Wants to Talk to You is the title of the fourth album by experimental musician Gary Wilson released on September 15 2008 by the Echo Park-based label Human Ear Music.
 Soundso (English: So and So) is the third studio album by the German band Wir sind Helden. The first glimpse of this album could be caught when the band released the single Endlich ein Grund zur Panik which had a video clip featuring the band in superhero costumes.
 Bon Voyage is a 1987 album by McCoy Tyner released on the Timeless label. It was recorded in June 1987 and features performances by Tyner with Avery Sharpe and Louis Hayes. The Allmusic review by Ken Dryden states that although the album is Not one of McCoy Tyner's better known CDs this trio session is nevertheless one worth acquiring.
 The Glass Intact is the second album by the Champaign Illinois indie rock band Sarge. It was released in 1998 on Mud Records.The album was somewhat of a breakout hit getting a feature-length review at Salon.com and the Village Voice and causing the band to become a 1998 Hot Band in Rolling Stone as well as being one of Spin Magazine's 98 for '98.
 Fight the Silence is the fifth studio album by For Today. The album was released on February 4 2014 through Razor & Tie.
 Music for 'Fragments from the Inside' is an album consisting of music composed and performed by Harold Budd and Eraldo Bernocchi for an installation at the Palazzo Delle Papesse Centro Arte Contemporanea in Italy. The exhibit was created by poet Mara Bressi and videographer Patulia Mattioli combining visual elements with Budd and Bernocchi's music. The music was published on a CD enclosed in a digipak.
 The Mystery of the Yeti is a Goa trance concept album conceived and arranged by Ron Rothfield (a.k.a. Raja Ram). It was collaboratively produced by Raja Ram and Graham Wood of The Infinity Project; Stéphane Holweck Loïc Van Poucke and Serge Souque (the founding members of Total Eclipse); and Simon Posford (aka Hallucinogen).The Mystery of the Yeti was an early and influential concept album in psychedelic trance music.
 Miles in Berlin is an album recorded on September 25 1964 by the Miles Davis Quintet at the Philharmonie Hall Berlin Germany. It was released in the United States on CD in 2005 and marks the first recorded work of what is commonly known as Miles Davis's Second Great Quintet.
 Tactical Neural Implant is an album by electro-industrial artists Front Line Assembly. Third Mind Records originally released it in 1992 on both compact-disc and LP formats. The album has also been issued by Roadrunner in a two-disc set that includes the Millennium album.The album contains what some reviewers regard as some of Front Line Assembly's best songs including the singles The Blade and Mindphaser.
 Sebastien Grainger & The Mountains is the second studio album and first LP by Sebastien Grainger. The album was originally released in 2008.
 Documentaly (stylized as DocumentaLy) is Japanese rock group Sakanaction's fifth album and was released on September 28 2011. It includes the songs Identity Rookie Bach no Senritsu wo Yoru ni Kiita Sei desu. years and a remix of Holy Dance from the 3 singles released before the album. 8 new tracks were created for the album. The album achieved 2nd place on the Oricon weekly charts in its initial week of sales.
 First album by glam rock band Cry Wolf. Released only in Japan.
 Fever In Fever Out is an album by the group Luscious Jackson released on the Grand Royal label in 1996 (see 1996 in music).This album is most well known for the track Naked Eye which enjoyed some success in the Top 40. Luscious Jackson toured for this album on Lilith Fair. In mid-1997 Fever In Fever Out was certified gold.
 Silver and Black is also a nickname for the Oakland Raiders.Silver & Black is the third studio album released by rap group Luniz released in 2002. It is their fourth album overall. It peaked at #53 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 0141 632 6326 is the fourth album from Scottish rock band Gun. The number used in the title is now a telephone number for a driving school in Scotland but at the time GUN used it was a number you could call to hear band members give out news on the band and leave messages for them. The album was quite successful reaching 32 in the UK. Crazy You and My Sweet Jane were also moderate chart hits.
 Heaven'z Movie is the first solo album by the rapper Bizzy Bone released on October 6 1998. The songs Marchin' on Washington Roll Call and Yes Yes Y'all were cut short due to sample clearances not being made on time. The album reached #3 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart and #2 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart in 2010 and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.Many songs did not make the album in time leaving Heaven'z Movie incomplete.
 More Than You Know is the second album by American urban gospel group Out of Eden released in 1996 on Gotee Records.
 Transport 6 is a mix album released by Trendroid in 2002. It was released on Kinetic Records.
 The Lester Young Trio and The Lester Young Trio No. 2 are jazz trio albums recorded in Hollywood California in March - April 1946 by Lester Young with Nat King Cole and Buddy Rich.
 Live in Japan is a live acoustic album by Hot Tuna recorded in 1997 in Yokohama Japan. Originally the band planned to play an electric set as part of their Japanese tour but the venue in Yokohama was quite small (only holding fifty people) and there wasn't any room for an electric setup. The band played acoustic and afterwards Jack Casady suggested to Jorma Kaukonen that the recording was good enough for a new live album.
 The Ultimate Collection is a compilation album from Elaine Paige released on May 12 2014 by Rhino UK/Warner Music UK to celebrate her ’50th Anniversary’ in show-business.
 Talk It Over in the Morning is the fifth studio album by Canadian solo artist Anne Murray (Morna Anne Murray born June 20 1945) issued in 1971 on Capitol Records. The album peaked at number 26 on the Billboard Country Albums chart. It was reissued in the UK in 1981 by the Music for Pleasure (MFP) label with different album art but the same track listing. As singles Talk it Over in the Morning and Cotton Jenny were both #1 hits in the Canadian country charts.
 Renaissance: Sequential Vol. 2 is the second release from Hernán Cattáneo's Sequential Series in Renaissance Recordings. A competition was created online to give out signed copies from the compilation.
 Men at Large is the self-titled debut album by R&B group Men at Large released by East West Records on June 18 1992.
 Thriving Ivory is the self-titled debut album of rock band Thriving Ivory. The album was originally released on May 18 2003 on the Wolfgang label and re-released on June 24 2008 on Wind-up Records. The sound of their self-titled release was inspired by bands such as U2 and Coldplay. The debut album hit #1 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart.
 Sa-Fire is the first album by singer Sa-Fire. It was released in 1988.
 Carne De Melocotón is the third studio album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno their debut for the CBS-Epic label. The album whose title translates as Peach Flesh was released in 1988 and saw the Salazár sisters embracing influences from contemporary pop rock and dance music and arrangements with prominent use of synthesizers and drum machines combined with a new bolder and sexier image.
 Time of the Last Persecution was the second album of progressive folk singer Bill Fay. Released in 1971 the album was influenced by the Biblical books of Daniel and Revelation. The album was re-released in 2005 with bonus tracks.
 I Hear You Rockin’ is an live album released by The Dave Edmunds Band in 1986 on Columbia LP record 40603.
 I Can See Your House From Here is a 1994 jazz album by John Scofield & Pat Metheny.John Scofield is on the left channel and Pat Metheny is on the right channel of this stereo recording.
 Game Over is the debut studio album from Tempo released in 1999.
 1998 At The Star Club is a live album by the Welsh psychedelic/progressive rock band Man recorded 27 March 1998 at the Star Club in Oberhausen in West Germany. The recordings of the full gig were issued as double CD in summer 1998.
 Strážce plamene v obrazech (The Flamekeeper in Pictures) is a video album by Czech recording artists Petr Hapka and Michal Horáček released on Universal Music in 2007.
 Great Pianists of the 20th Century was a 200-CD box set released by Philips Records in 1999 and sponsored by Steinway & Sons.The box set comprised 100 volumes featuring 72 pianists of the 20th century each volume with two CDs and a booklet about the life and work of the featured pianist. The set contains a variety of composers from different eras from Baroque to Contemporary classical.
 Incorporated is a mashup album made by the mashup band The Legion of Doom.
 Shaila is the debut studio album by Shaila Dúrcal. It was released on 2004.
 In My Life is the fourth album from American New Age pianist Kevin Kern. As with his preceding and succeeding albums it is an album of instrumental songs. It was released on August 24 1999.This is Kern's first album to feature compositions not written by him; prior to this all of his album's songs were solely self-composed.
 Read My Mind is the twentieth album and eighteenth studio album by Reba McEntire released in April 1994. It was preceded by the first single Why Haven't I Heard From You which peaked at No. 5 on the country chart. The album's second single She Thinks His Name Was John was the first country song to address the topic of AIDS. Due to the subject matter some radio stations shied away from putting it into heavy rotation.
 Nuclear Guru is an EP by Orange Goblin released in 1997 on Man's Ruin Records. It was released on 10 vinyl and later released as a split CD with Electric Wizard entitled Chrono.Naut/Nuclear Guru. The tracks can also be found on the Japanese edition of Frequencies from Planet Ten and the 2CD of said album & Time Travelling Blues. Hand of Doom is a Black Sabbath cover. The cover art features a distorted image of Shoko Asahara leader of the Japanese cult Aum Shinrikyo.
 Mosaics within Mosaics is an upcoming album to be released by Circulatory System on June 24th 2014.
 What I Live to Do is the debut album of American country music artist James Bonamy. Released in February 1996 it features the single I Don't Think I Will a number 2 hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts plus She's Got a Mind of Her Own and All I Do Is Love Her. The first single Dog on a Toolbox was withdrawn by the label and replaced with She's Got a Mind of Her Own.
 Hardcore For Jesus is a 2006 compilation album by The Lead comprising all of their e.p.s and albums on 2 CDs. The entire project was digitally remastered and includes exclusive liner notes and photos.
 The Optimist Live is a live album by British rock band Turin Brakes. The album was recorded on November 11 2011 during a performance at Koko in London.
 Baš je lijep ovaj svijet is the first and only album done by General Woo & Nered together. The album features American rapper El Da Sensei.
 Far Away Lands is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on May 26 1967 and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Mobley with Donald Byrd Cedar Walton Ron Carter and Billy Higgins.
 Arashi Around Asia 2008 in Tokyo is a DVD release of Japanese boy band Arashi. It was released on March 25 2009 by their record label J Storm. Arashi Around Asia 2008 in Tokyo documented the second day (September 6 2008) of Arashi's first concert at the National Stadium in Tokyo.
 2nd Wave is the second full-length studio release from popular late-eighties soul trio Surface. The album was self-produced and released in 1988 on Columbia Records.A total of five singles were released from the disc: I Missed completely missed the Billboard Hot 100 while climbing to number 3 on the US R&B charts.
 Just Say The Word is Josh Kelley's third album his first on his own independent label Threshold Records. To date there has been three different releases with different tracks.
 FabricLive.07 is a DJ mix compilation album by John Peel as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Vulcanus is Fear My Thoughts' fifth album released in 2007.
 Season One is the second studio album by Canadian rapper Saukrates released April 24 2012. It was released independently on FrostByte Media and eOne Music 13 years after the release of his debut album The Underground Tapes. Singles from the album include Drop It Down and Say I.
 Traveler is an album by Trey Anastasio released on October 16 2012.
 Little Red's Fantasy is an album led by trumpeter Woody Shaw which was recorded in 1976 and released on the Muse label. Little Red's Fantasy was reissued by Mosaic Records as part of Woody Shaw: The Complete Muse Sessions in 2013.
 Cecil Otter's False Hopes is the first official release from Cecil Otter a founding member of Minneapolis indie hip hop collective Doomtree. It is one of False Hopes albums released by Doomtree.
 1666... Théâtre Bizarre is the third studio album by the French progressive death metal band Misanthrope. It is sung in English on tracks 1 3 5 and 8; French on track 2 4 6 7 and 11; and German on track 10.
 Alma Ranchera (Soul Ranchera) is the title of last studio album released by Spanish performer Rocío Dúrcal on September 14 2004 by BMG and RCA. Produced by Memo Gil and Carlos Cabral Junior.
 Paradise Island is the third studio album by Lake released in 1979.
 Carved in Stone is the second solo album by Mötley Crüe frontman Vince Neil. It was released in 1995 on Warner Bros. Records.
 Ghost Dragon Attacks Castle is the eighth studio album by the band Carbon Leaf and was released on their own label Constant Ivy Music.
 Cuori agitati (Troubled Hearts) is the debut album by Italian pop/rock singer Eros Ramazzotti produced by Piero Cassano and released in 1985 on the BMG label.Ramazzotti had won the 'New Voices' category in the 1984 San Remo Music Festival with the song Terra promessa which went on to peak at #2 on the Italian Singles Chart and is included here.
 Don't You Fake It is the debut studio album by The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus released on July 18 2006 and re-released on March 20 2007.The title of the album is taken from a line in the opening track In Fate's Hands.
 Opus Magnum is the third studio album by Austrian melodic death metal band Hollenthon released by Napalm Records in 2008. Limited edition digipack contains bonus track The Bazaar (originally performed by The Tea Party) and video clip for Son of Perdition.
 Droid is the self-titled debut album from groove metal band Droid. Released on James Munky Shaffer's independent record label Emotional Syphon Records it features guest vocals from Deftones frontman Chino Moreno.
 DJ-Kicks: Kid Loco is a DJ mix album mixed by Kid Loco. It was released on 18 October 1999 on the Studio !K7 independent record label as part of the DJ-Kicks series.
 UK Tour '75 is a live album by Irish rock band Thin Lizzy recorded at the Derby College of Art and Technology in Derby England on 21 November 1975 as part of the tour promoting the Fighting album. Released in 2008 UK Tour '75 was authorised by the surviving band members and the content was digitally remastered under their supervision.Some of the songs had not yet been released on Thin Lizzy studio albums such as Cowboy Song dubbed Derby Blues on the night by lead singer Phil Lynott.
 Fare Thee Well Love is the second studio album by Canadian folk music group The Rankin Family. The album was originally self-released by the siblings in 1990. It was re-issued by Capitol Records in 1992 and certified 5× Platinum by the CRIA.
 The Isle of Wight Festival is a music festival which takes place every year on the Isle of Wight in England.
 Days of Rising Doom is the debut album and metal opera by the Progressive metal supergroup Aina released on September 25 2003. The concept was created and the story and lyrics were written by Amanda Somerville. The music was composed by Robert Hunecke-Rizzo.
 I've Got Something to Say is an album released by country musician David Allan Coe. It was released in 1980 on Columbia. Guy Clark Bill Anderson Dickey Betts (from The Allman Brothers Band) Kris Kristofferson Larry Jon Wilson and George Jones are all featured on this album.
 In Praise of Older Women and Other Crimes is the fifth studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts. It was released in 1985 and includes the singles Endicott and Caroline Was a Drop-Out.
 Love (styled L♥VE on the front cover) is a record album featuring the cast of Sesame Street. It was released in 1980.
 Canto di primavera (Song of Spring) is the ninth studio album by the Italian progressive rock band Banco del Mutuo Soccorso. the album was first released in 1979. the album marked the return to lyrical songs after the instrumental album ...di terra. the album reached to No. 36 in the Italian album chart.
 The Serpentine Similar is the 1993 debut album by the American band Gastr del Sol released on Teen Beat Records. The album was re-released on Drag City Records in 1997.
 One More Drifter in the Snow is the tenth album and first Christmas album by Aimee Mann released by SuperEgo Records in the United States on October 31 2006 (see 2006 in music). It was produced by Paul Bryan and comprises covers of standard great Christmas classics and two original compositions: Christmastime written by Mann's husband Michael Penn and Calling on Mary. Grant-Lee Phillips sings with her on the track You're a Mean One Mr.
 Acts of Beauty • Exit no Exit is the 55th album by Michael Nyman the eighth on his own label and the third of these to consist entirely of previously unrecorded work. He does not perform on the album but composed and produced it. Acts of Beauty is a song cycle with texts by various writers commenting on the nature of art and beauty. It is performed by Cristina Zavalloni and Sentieri Selvaggi conducted by Carlo Boccadoro.
 After releasing their first two cassette productions The Soil Bleeds Black published their debut album The Kingdom & Its Fey. The album contains the band's first two cassettes originally released through Dark Age Productions along with several other tracks. A declaration of the band's past is evidenced in the heavy use of synthetic instrumentation while the atmosphere of bygone eras remains expressed.
 The Legend of Tashan Dorrsett is a remix album made by rapper Kool Keith released in 2011 on the label Junkadelic.
 Live in Amsterdam is the first live album by Candy Dulfer and contains prior hits like Sax-a-go-go Lily Was Here Dance 'till You Bop and new songs like Synchrodestiny. The album features David A. Stewart Hans Dulfer and Angie Stone as special guests. The album peaked at #27 in the Dutch album charts.
 Oceanview Motel is the debut album by Mae Moore released in 1990. The Vancouver-area musicians featured on this record include the members of Barney Bentall and the Legendary Hearts Spirit of the West and 54-40.
 Mystic Ballad is the second studio album by South Korean duo Davichi. The album was digitally released on March 18 2013 with the physical release following on April 2 2013. Just the Two of Us (둘이서 한잔해) served as the promotional single. The track Turtle was released as a digital single two weeks prior to the initial album release.
 Snuffbox Immanence is an album by the Japanese band Ghost. It was released by Drag City in 1999. The band also released Tune In Turn On Free Tibet on the same day.The album features a cover version of Live With Me originally by The Rolling Stones.
 Love Is Strange: En Vivo Con Tino is the fourth live album by American singer-songwriter Jackson Browne and 16th official studio or live album. A 2-CD live set released on the Inside Recordings label in 2010 the album documents a March 2006 tour of Spain that Browne and David Lindley took part in with Spanish percussionist Tino di Geraldo. The seven shows of the tour in Spain were followed by four in the United Kingdom.
 Dig Out Your Soul is the seventh and final studio album by the English rock band Oasis released in October 2008. The album was recorded between August and December 2007 at Abbey Road Studios and January and March 2008 at The Village Recorder. The first single The Shock of the Lightning was released shortly before the release of the album on 29 September 2008.
 The Clambakes Series Volume 1 is the first of three limited edition Live albums by Superchunk known as the The Clambakes series. Released in 2002 The Clambakes Series Volume 1 (limited to 1500 copies) is a handful of acoustic live sets recorded in various record stores across the United States in tour support of the studio album Here's to Shutting Up .The band was accompanied by Annie Hayden from the band Spent (another Merge Records band) the tour and appears in these tracks.
 Carnival of Chaos is the Gwar's sixth studio album. It is perhaps most notable as their longest album (exceeding 74 minutes) and also as the album that contains Stampe's solo number: Don't Need a Man. Hunter Jackson also returns in The Private Pain of Techno Destructo and there is an ballad entitled Sammy about the rotting corpse of Sammy Davis Jr..
 In the Bag is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley released on the Jazzland label featuring performances by Adderley with his brother Cannonball Adderley Sam Jones Nat Perrilliat James Black and Ellis Marsalis.
 Moving Targets is the fourth album from Flo & Eddie (Mark Volman and Howard Kaylan). Illegal Immoral and Fattening and Moving Targets were reissued on a single compact disc in 2007 by Acadia Records.The album features a guest appearance from Skyhooks lead singer Graeme Shirley Strachan on Guns singing background vocals during the chorus.The song Keep It Warm is interpolated and sampled on rapper Gucci Mane's 2009 single Lemonade.
 That's the Way It Is is a live album by American jazz vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring performances recorded at Shelly's Manne Hole in 1969 for the Impulse! label.
 Songs from the Black Mountain Music Project is a collaboration between Mirah and Ginger Brooks Takahashi with assorted guests. The album consists of nine full-length songs interspersed with nine shorter instrumental interludes.
 Miss You In The Days is the third full-length studio album by British chamber pop band The Miserable Rich the follow-up to 2010's Of Flight & Fury. It was funded by fan-funding music website PledgeMusic and was later supplemented with the bonus EP Miss You More containing tracks which didn't make the album released on 16 April 2012 separately via Bandcamp and with special editions of the album.
 Be I Strong is Jamaican reggae singer Sizzla's seventh studio album. It was released on VP Records on November 2 1999. All songs were written by Sizzla except for the collaboration with Capleton on The Vibes. The record was produced by Philip Fatis Burrell.
 005.1999.06 is the fifth studio album by the South Korean singer and actress Uhm Jung-hwa. It spawned 4 hit singles and earned Uhm Golden Disk Awards. First released by Universal Music Korea on June 17 1999 the album explores the dance genre ranging from 70's style disco to house dance and beyond.
 Two Fingers My Friends is an album of remixes of tracks from Pop Will Eat Itself's 1994 album Dos Dedos Mis Amigos. It was released in two forms a single disc version and a limited edition double disc set and features remixes by various electronic industrial and hip-hop artists such as The Orb Hoodlum Priest and Jah Wobble.
 On the Beach is the fifth studio album by Neil Young released in 1974. It was unavailable on compact disc until it was released as a HDCD-encoded remastered version on August 19 2003 as part of his Archives Digital Masterpiece Series.
 Lightspeed is the debut album by the Dutch rock band Destine. It was released February 1 2010 and January 29 2010 on iTunes. Prior to the release of the album seven of the twelve songs were released on the singles Stars and In Your Arms.
 Darklands is the second album by Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain. Unlike their previous album drum machines were used in place of drummer Bobby Gillespie who had left to pursue a successful career as the frontman with Primal Scream.
 Land is a two disc compilation album by Patti Smith released on March 19 2002 on Arista Records. Land contains a collection of recordings from her eight previous albums on the first disc along with B-sides and unreleased songs on the second disc. The album ranked number eight in Mojo's Best Box Sets & Compilations of 2002. It is dedicated to the memory of Richard Sohl.
 Showtime is a live album by British guitarist Mick Ronson released in 1999. It is a compilation of two live shows from 1976 and 1989 and the album was released six years after Ronson's death.
 Worthless Recluse is the thirty-first Jandek album and the second of two new albums released in (2001). Released as Corwood #0769 it is the third spoken word album and the last to date.
 Ammonite is the twenty first album by the Japanese rock group Plastic Tree.
 Backbreakanomics is a studio album from American underground hip hop duo Mars Ill. It was released on Gotee Records in 2003.
 Debut Box Set – The CD Singles Collection from Debut was a seven CD compilation box released in 1994 by Icelandic singer Björk through label One Little Indian.This box set contains as the title indicates a collection of singles taken from Debut an album released in 1993. Several artists are featured in this compilation: Underworld DJ Dom T Justin Robertson with their remixes of Debut’s hits.
 Truth Inside The Shades is the first album by Andorran metal band Persefone released in 2004.
 Eruption is the third and final full-length album by German experimental music trio Kluster. It is also the only live recording issued by Kluster.Eruption was recorded in 1971 at the last concert performed by Kluster and was recorded by Klaus Freudigmann. Eruption was released with what according to Conrad Schnitzler was an incorrect title Kluster und Eruption in 1971 as a private pressing. Only 200 copies of the original LP were pressed and sold.
 Dirt is the third studio album by Canadian country music artist Dean Brody. It was released on April 24 2012 via Open Road Recordings under the production of Matt Rovey. Its first single Canadian Girls peaked at number 36 on the Canadian Hot 100 in February 2012.Dirt was nominated for Country Album of the Year at the 2013 Juno Awards.
 Diabolical Fullmoon Mysticism is the first album by Norwegian black metal band Immortal. It was released on 1 July 1992 through Osmose Productions.
 Volume 7 is the seventh in a series of live digital downloads of the band the Grateful Dead released by The Grateful Dead Productions. It was released on November 1 2005 and is a three disc compilation of the band performing in 1980 on September 3 in Springfield MA and 4th in Providence RI. Discs one and two come from September 3 and disc three comes from the second set on September 4.Volume 7 was mastered in HDCD by Jeffrey Norman.
 The Ocean and the Sun is the third and final album by experimental rock band The Sound of Animals Fighting. The album features only the four core members that had appeared on both the first and second albums: the Nightingale the Walrus the Lynx and The Skunk.The first song Intro is the Persian translation of the English poem In The Desert by Stephen Crane. The original (English) version of this poem is printed on the inside jacket of the album.
 Rock-n-Roller (sometimes stylised Rock N' Roller) is the second album from Canadian singer-songwriter Suzie McNeil released on November 4 2008. It was reissued the following year as Rock-n-Roller: Reloaded to feature an additional song a cover of Saving Jane's Supergirl. Three singles released from the album including the aforementioned Supergirl which became McNeil's most successful single to date when it peaked at No. 26 on the Canadian Hot 100.
 Ooku (大奥) is the latest greatest hits album by Masami Okui released on 6 February 2008. Ooku includes seven singles that she produced under her own record label company evolution along with three self-cover version of older songs.
 Bachman–Turner Overdrive II is the second album by Canadian rock band Bachman–Turner Overdrive released in 1973. The album features the well-known single Takin' Care of Business. Though it never cracked the Top 10 on the U.S. singles charts (reaching #12 in 1974) it became one of the band's most enduring hits. The album also produced another hit single Let It Ride which peaked at #23 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Both singles would reach #3 on the Canadian RPM charts.
 Alice Cooper Trashes the World is a live concert video by Alice Cooper.The concert was filmed in Birmingham England December 1989 during Cooper's tour in support of his commercially successful album Trash.
 Hop High is the debut album of progressive bluegrass group Crooked Still. Most of the songs on this album are traditional but played in a different way than by other artists - with lineup without traditional bluegrass instruments like guitar and mandolin consisting of cello bass and banjo only (occasionally adding guitar and fiddle).
 A Darkness Descends is the second studio album by the Indian Death metal band Demonic Resurrection. The album was released on October 20 2005 through Demonstealer Records.
 Minazo Vol. 1 (美男象 Minazō) is an album by Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It was followed by Minazo Volume Two released on vinyl.The album is dedicated to Minazo who was the only male southern elephant seal in Japan. Minazo was brought from Uruguay in 1995 and was kept at Enoshima Aquarium until his death on October 4 2005. He was 11 years old; the average life expectancy of an elephant seal is 20 years.
 All Your Love is Malaysian recording artist Siti Nurhaliza's fifteenth studio album and her first English-language album. It was released digitally on September 16 and physically on September 26 2011 by What's Up Entertainment which is owned and managed by her stepson Adib Khalid.
 Essence ordinaire is a studio album from the French rock group Zebda released in 1998.It was their landmark album containing some of their most popular songs in particular Tomber la chemise which catapulted them to fame and earned them a Victoire de la musique award.
 B-Sidor 95–00 is a B-side collection by the Swedish rock band Kent.It was released in 2000 and features two new songs Chans and Spökstad. The former was also released as a single. Rödljus II and En helt ny karriär II are new recordings of the original ones. Hidden track Papin jahti is an improvisation where the band's drummer Markus sings in Finnish.
 Eleftheria Arvanitaki - Live apo to Gyalino Mousiko Theatro is a live album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki that was released in 2002 by Universal Music Greece. Recorded at Gyalino Mousiko Theatro in 2001. It sold over 20000 copies in Greece and was certified Gold.
 A Faire to Remember is a mix of Renaissance Fair favorites classic Celtic tunes as well as some original comedic works from the Bards.If I Had a Million Ducats is a parody of the Barenaked Ladies' hit song If I Had $1000000. Irish Ballad is a cover of the song by satirist Tom Lehrer. Also Always Look on the Bright Side of Life is an interpretation of the popular Monty Python song.
 In Nomine Satanas is an album by Norwegian black metal band Ragnarok released in 2002.
 Another Destination is the third solo album by John Norum the guitarist of the Swedish hard rock band Europe. It was released on May 23 1995.The album features two cover versions Strange Days originally recorded by Humble Pie and Sunshine of Your Love by Cream.
 The Very Best Of Al Jolson is a compilation album of the work of Al Jolson released in 1977 by Hammard Records Australia under licence from MCA Records.Catalogue Number HAM-023
 Stockings by the Fire is a holiday compilation album released in November 2007 in the United States through Starbucks' record label Hear Music. In the United States the album reached a peak position of number 34 on the Billboard 200 and number four on Billboard's Top Independent Albums chart.
 Shelter is the fourth studio album by French shoegazing band Alcest. It was released on January 17 2014 via Prophecy Productions.
 Aphotic is the eighth studio release by Illinois-based death/doom metal band Novembers Doom adding a more progressive feel to the standard death/doom sound.
 Real Life is the debut studio album by English new wave band Magazine. It was released in June 1978 through Virgin Records.The album received critical acclaim across the board; Melody Maker declared no one that has the slightest interest in the present and future of rock'n'roll should rest until they've heard Real Life[citation needed] and it is included on several best of lists.
 Great Sounds Great Good Sounds Good So-so Sounds So-so Bad Sounds Bad Rotten Sounds Rotten (usually simply known as Great Sounds Great) is the second EP released by The Clean a lo-fi rock band from Dunedin New Zealand. It was released by Flying Nun Records on 12 vinyl in 1982. The EP is included in its entirety and in the same running order as part of the The Clean's 2003 CD release Anthology.
 Croonin' is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records on November 2 1993. The album peaked at number 1 on the RPM Country Albums chart.
 Fireworks is an album by the Liverpool-based indie rock band Pele. It was released in April 1992.
 Dork is an EP by American punk rock band AFI released on March 2 1993 on Key Lime Pie Records. It is a split 7 with Loose Change (of which future AFI guitarist Jade Puget was a member) with AFI's Dork on one side and Loose Change's Stick Around on the other side.This was AFI's first release put out within a year of forming and was limited to 210 copies out of which 4 were test pressings and 6 were used for promotion so only 200 copies were sold.
 Recruited to Do Good Deeds for the Devil is the fifth album released by Kalamazoo-based progressive metal band Thought Industry. It is a compilation album featuring previously unreleased songs and live tracks.
 I Am a Wild Party (Live) is a live album from Canadian singer and guitarist Kim Mitchell. The album was released in 1990 and is certified platinum in Canada. It contains six live tracks; five of which were performed at The Civic Centre in Ottawa Ontario and Go For Soda performed at The Kee in Bala Ontario. The album also contains two new studio tracks titled I Am A Wild Party and Deep Dive.
 All Hail is Kïll Cheerleadër's first full-length album released in 2004 by Spinerazor/Corporate Punishment Records and later reissued in 2006. 6 out of the 12 songs on this album were featured on their previous releases as well.
 Back to the Basic is the first EP from South Korean R&B and pop singer Rain.
 Memoirs of a Geisha is the original soundtrack on the Sony Classical label of the 2005 Academy Award- and Golden Globe Award-winning film Memoirs of a Geisha starring Zhang Ziyi Ken Watanabe Koji Yakusho and Gong Li. The original score and songs were composed and conducted by John Williams.The album won the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score BAFTA Award for Best Film Music and the Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media.
 Music & Me is a studio album by American singer SIRPAUL recorded and released in 2010. The artist wrote produced and recorded all the songs on the album. The album contains Pop music with influences of R&B Electronica and Dance. On Logo's NewNowNext program (featuring the artist with interview clips as well as his videos) SIRPAUL described his music as Next Generation New Wave Electro-Folk combining acoustic and electric guitars with old school Hip-Hop and ElectroBeats.
 I'm Talking With My Mouth is an EP by indie folk band Hem. It consists of five cover songs and was sometimes included with pressings of their debut album Rabbit Songs.
 Crooked Rain Crooked Rain is the second studio album by US rock band Pavement. The album released in 1994 saw the band move on towards a more accessible classic rock sound than that displayed on their more lo-fi debut Slanted and Enchanted and achieve moderate success with the single Cut Your Hair. The album also saw original drummer Gary Young replaced by Steve West. It was a UK Top 20 hit upon release although it was not so successful in the US charts.
 Ain't Had Enough Fun is the eleventh studio album by the American rock band Little Feat released in 1995. (see 1995 in music). It was their first with female vocalist Shaun Murphy and was dedicated to the memory of their cover artist Neon Park who died in 1993 after a long battle with Lou Gehrig's disease.
 Kuu.. is the fourth full-length album released by post-rock band Kauan through Avantgarde Music in 2011.
 A Knot Of (stylized A KNOT OF) is a DVD by Dir En Grey released in Europe North America and Japan between February 2 and February 24 2009 marking Dir En Grey's first worldwide DVD release. Material on the DVD consists of rehashed material from the band's prior three fan club-only releases It Withers and Withers -Bootlegged- Despair in the Womb and In Weal or Woe.
 Brotherhood is a compilation album by English big beat duo The Chemical Brothers released on 2 September 2008 (2008-09-02). It is the second compilation spanning the band's greatest hits after 2003's Singles 93–03.
 Family Force 5's Christmas Pageant is the first Christmas album by the Christian crunk rock band Family Force 5. It was released on October 6 2009. It was announced on August 29 by the band at the Christian music festival En Fuego that they had just finished recording the CD.
 Classic Crack is a compilation album by American rock band Crack the Sky released in 1980.
 Alcohol Fueled Brewtality Live!! +5 is a live heavy metal album by Black Label Society. It was recorded live on 28 October 2000 at The Troubadour in Los Angeles. Disc 2 consists of 5 new studio tracks. This is the first release by the band that features drummer Craig Nunenmacher.
 Emotion is the debut album by Australian singer Samantha Sang released in 1978. It features her biggest hit Emotion. Barry Gibb contributed writing producing and singing background vocals on the album on the songs like Charade Emotion When Love Is Gone and The Love of a Woman.Sang covered Eric Carmen's 1978 song Change of Heart. Sang re-recorded her 1970 single The Love of a Woman a song written by Barry and Maurice Gibb.
 A-Lex is the eleventh studio album by the Brazilian metal band Sepultura. It was released on 23 January 2009 by independent German record label SPV Records. This is the first album featuring new drummer Jean Dolabella since the departure of Igor Cavalera in 2006.This is the second concept album released by Sepultura following 2006's Dante XXI which was based on Dante Alighieri's The Divine Comedy.
 Satu Untuk Berbagi is the fourth album by Gugun Blues Shelter. The album actually the band's double release. This released album officially only distributed in Indonesia. For USA and the European market a few months later they released Solid Ground where they use Gugun Power Trio name.Satu Untuk Berbagi was listed in # 1st rank by Rolling Stone Indonesia as the best studio album released for 2011.
 To My Surprise is the only album by American alternative rock band To My Surprise. Released on October 7 2003 by Roadrunner Records it was the only album that the band released before disbanding in 2006. The album was intended to be self produced by Shawn Crahan and Brandon Darner but after producer Rick Rubin was sent demos by Crahan Rubin invited the band to Los Angeles where he assumed the role of executive producer.
 Didn't It Feel Kinder is Amy Ray's fourth solo album. It was released on August 5 2008.
 Found on Film is a CD/DVD release by Maxïmo Park containing a DVD of videos and live footage and a CD of BBC Sessions. It was released along with Missing Songs to complement their debut album A Certain Trigger. It comes in a hard-cover case akin to a book with several pages of photos taken by the band over the course of the tour for the debut album separating the sleeves for the two discs.
 Saturnight (subtitled Live in Tokyo) is a 1974 live album by Cat Stevens released only in Japan to support UNICEF.
 Hydroponic Garden is the first studio album by Swedish ambient duo Carbon Based Lifeforms released in 2003.
 Passive Me Aggressive You (Remixes & B-Sides) (styled Passive Me • Aggressive You (Remixes + B-Sides)) is the debut compilation album from The Naked and Famous. Released on 17 May 2013 the album contains remixes and B-sides from their debut album Passive Me Aggressive You along with the song A Source of Light a collaboration with New Zealand duo Kids of 88.
 South Park: Bigger Longer & Uncut – Music from and Inspired by the Motion Picture is the soundtrack album to the film of the same name. The album was released on June 22 1999 by Atlantic Records. The album inlay states that only the first 12 tracks on the album actually appear in the film. The remainder described as being inspired by the movie are mostly other acts performing alternate versions of those songs; however D.V.D.A.'s What Would Brian Boitano Do? Pt.
 Get It is an album by X-Sinner. Nominated for a Dove award and had three number one singles and five top ten singles.
 Till Death Do Us Part is the fourth studio album by the Houston gangsta rap group the Geto Boys released in March 1993 on Rap-A-Lot Records. Rapper Willie D had left the group in 1992 temporarily to pursue a solo career. In his position fellow Rap-A-Lot member Big Mike joined Scarface and Bushwick Bill for this album.
 The Invasion of the Spacepeckers is a VideoKids album released in 1984. It was released on vinyl and tape in 1984 and on CD in 2007. There are seven versions of the album with one containing nine bonus remixes.
 Mustang! is the first full-length album by Dragon Ash. It was released in 1997 and although not their first release it is considered their debut full-length album and first major commercial release into the Japanese music market.
 Step (stylized STEP) is the fifth full-length studio album by Japanese singer-lyricist Meg released on June 18 2008 in Japan by Universal Music Japan. This is Meg's highest selling album in her career as well as the second technopop album to reach the top ten in the Oricon charts since Perfume's Game (released two months prior) debuted and peaked at number 8 in the Oricon charts selling 15801 units on its first week of release and a total of 29048 units in Japan.
 People Say It's in the Air is a pop song originally performed by Herreys. It is composed by Tim Norell with lyrics by Ola Håkansson.
 Bambi's Dilemma is the sixth studio album by Melt-Banana released on April 24 2007. It was released on CD and vinyl. The name Bambi's Dilemma came from an incident which happened when vocalist Yasuko was driving the band's touring van in the USA and hit a deer and kept thinking about the character Bambi from the film of the same name.
 Ania Movie is the fourth studio album by Polish singer Ania released in 2010.
 Stumpy is an album by New Zealand band Tall Dwarfs released in 1996. The album is officially credited to the International Tall Dwarfs because sounds on cassette by 16 home tapers from around the globe were used to create the music. All songs were written by Bathgate and Knox.
 Strength in Numbers is an album from rap metal and funk pioneers 24-7 Spyz. It is the only album to feature Jeff Brodnax who replaced original vocalist P. Fluid in 1991. On their third effort the Spyz concentrate on simpler and more direct songwriting toning down much of their hardcore punk roots and replacing it with Motown-infused heavy metal.
 Crash Diagnostic is the final album by punk band Discount on New American Dream. It had a much heavier edge than their previous two albums. They split up later that year.
 Soul of Man Presents: Y4K: Breakin' In Tha House is the 10th entry in the Y3K/Y4K series. The album contains songs from including: Soul of Man Dylan Rhymes Basement Jaxx & Plump DJs. The album's mixed by Soul of Man.
 Tough Guys Don't Dance is the debut album from British production duo Soulsavers. The album was released in the UK on October 13 2003. Spain lead singer Josh Haden sings vocals on the songs Love Down So Low and Precious Time. Haden's own song Spiritual would later be covered by Mark Lanegan and Soulsavers on the duo's next album It's Not How Far You Fall It's the Way You Land.The song Closer was also released on the band's Closer EP on November 22 2004.
 A Night Under the Dam is Green Carnation's second live DVD released under the Sublife Productions label on 1 February 2007. This live recording was made several kilometers into the Norwegian mountains under the thirty-meter-tall dam Nåvatn-3 built in 1939 hence the name.The band performed its entire The Acoustic Verses album and other material in front of an audience of more than five hundred.
 Body and Soul is the tenth full length studio album released by the English band Cabaret Voltaire. The album was released in March 1991 by Belgium based label Les Disques du Crépuscule on LP CD and Audio Cassette. All tracks are composed arranged and produced by Richard H. Kirk and Stephen Mallinder at Western Works Sheffield England. The release features cover art by Jerome B-Patou. This album was the last to feature Stephen Mallinder's lead vocals.
 To the Faithful Departed is the third studio album by Irish rock band The Cranberries released in 1996. This album was made in memory of Denny Cordell who signed the band to Island Records and Joe (vocalist Dolores O'Riordan's grandfather) who had both died that year.[citation needed]In the U.S. the album has sold 1.7 million copies as of April 2007. It went 4x Platinum in Taiwan 3x Platinum in Canada and New Zealand and 2x Platinum in Austria France Hong Kong Malaysia and U.S.
 Wolf is the second studio album by Odd Future leader Tyler The Creator. The album was released on April 2 2013 by Odd Future Records and RED Distribution under Sony Music Entertainment. Wolf is a set in a different direction compared to his other material. Bastard and Goblin respectively featured more violent content while this album features a more production based sound and different themes.
 Min bäste vän (My best friend) is the seventh solo album by Swedish pop singer and songwriter Marie Fredriksson her sixth album in Swedish. On the album Marie Fredriksson gives her own personal interpretation of the music she grew up with during the 1960s and 1970s.
 The Dixie Chicks - Top of the World Tour Live DVD was released by the Dixie Chicks on the 21st of November 2003. It is a concert video that documents performances from the group's 2003 Top of the World Tour. On December 16 2003 Top of the World Tour: Live (DVD) was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 International Velvet is the second album by Welsh band Catatonia. It was the band's breakthrough album reaching number 1 in the UK Albums Chart spawning two Top 10 singles Mulder and Scully and Road Rage three other Top 40 singles I am the Mob Game On and Strange Glue and catapulted the band and lead singer Cerys Matthews into the spotlight. Album sales reached 900000 as it became one of the biggest selling albums of 1998 in the United Kingdom.
 Danko/Fjeld/Andersen was the first of two albums featuring the multi-national folk trio of Rick Danko (Canada) Jonas Fjeld (Norway) and Eric Andersen (United States). The album melds elements of folk rock country and blues.Reissued as One More Shot in 2002 with a second disc containing a live concert by the trio recorded at Moldejazz in Norway in 1991.
 UC 3 (released 2004 in Oslo Norway by Bergland Production/Bare Bra Musikk – BE0102) is a Jazz album by the Norwegian Jazz band Urban Connection.
 You and The Night and The Music is a 1998 studio album by Helen Merrill.
 Favorite Fix is the debut full-length album by American power pop band Artist vs. Poet which was released on March 2 2010. It was released through Fearless Records.Favorite Fix produced by Mike Green (Paramore Breathe Carolina The Matches) Zack Odom and Kenneth Mount (All Time Low Every Avenue Hit the Lights) is the follow-up release to the band's third EP Damn Rough Night and the EP's title track is featured on the album. It is the second Artist vs.
 Loser Anthems: B-Sides and Rarities (normally referred to simply as Loser Anthems) is a 2001 EP release by the now-defunct Matthew Good Band. The EP was issued in a limited 35000 copies. The EP debuted at #6 on the Canadian Albums Chart selling 11013 copies in its first week.
 The Remixes Volume 06 is a compilation remix album featuring tracks which are all remixed by The Chemical Brothers.
 No Limits is the second album by the Canadian punk band Reset. It was released in 1999 and re-released in 2006.
 Offerings II: All I Have to Give is a 2003 album by Christian rock band Third Day and their sixth studio album. It is the band's second worship album and features live recordings from the Come Together Fall Tour in 2002.
 Peel Sessions was recorded by The Triffids for The John Peel Show on Radio 1. The recordings were first transmitted on the show on May 14 1985. The 12 EP of the recordings however wasn't released until 1987. The EP was issued in a Special Metallic Finish Limited Edition sleeve
 Hit the Floor! is the debut album from You Say Party (formerly You Say Party! We Say Die!) a dance-punk band hailing from Abbotsford British Columbia.
 Transatlantic KK is the American release of the second studio album Into the Plateau by Spanish alternative dance band Delorean. It was released in May 2007 by Simple Social Graces.
 Unforgettable is a four piece set celebrating the life of the late Tejano single Selena. The set consisted of two albums which were released on the same day as separate discs: Unforgettable: The Live Album and Unforgettable: The Studio Album.A week later on April 5 2005 Unforgettable: Limited Edition was released which combined the studio and live album with two DVDs.
 Interplay for 2 Trumpets and 2 Tenors is an album credited to The Prestige All Stars consisting of John Coltrane Bobby Jaspar Idrees Sulieman Webster Young Mal Waldron Kenny Burrell Paul Chambers and Art Taylor. It was released in 1957 on Prestige Records catalogue 7112. It features the first recording of pianist Mal Waldron's composition Soul Eyes which went on to become a jazz standard.
 Share The Joy is third and final album by lo-fi/punk band Vivian Girls. The album was released April 11 2011 on Polyvinyl Record Co.. The album was recorded at Rear House the studio run by Woods' Jarvis Taveniere (who engineered the album as well).Share the Joy leaked on February 24 2011.[citation needed] The band instantly announced that the album would be made as an instant download with all pre-orders of their album via their label.
 Live at the Us Festival is a live album and DVD by Canadian rock band Triumph released in 2003. The massive Us Festival took place over three day's outdoors in San Bernardino California from May 28–30 1983. Triumph appeared on May 29 which was billed as Heavy Metal Sunday and included Ozzy Osbourne Judas Priest Scorpions Mötley Crüe Quiet Riot and Van Halen.
 The Ivory Tower is the debut album of Californian rock band Takota. The album was released on May 16 2006 on Ares Records and was produced by Atreyu singer/drummer Brandon Saller.
 Winterland June 1977: The Complete Recordings is a 9 CD live album by the American rock band the Grateful Dead. It contains three complete concerts. It was recorded on June 7 8 and 9 1977 at the Winterland Ballroom in San Francisco California. The album was released on October 1 2009.A tenth bonus disc was included with early shipments of the album.
 Based on a True Story is the second studio album by American pop punk band The Starting Line the follow-up to The Make Yourself at Home EP was released by Drive-Thru Records and Geffen Records on May 10 2005.The album was mainly produced by Tim O'Heir except for the songs Making Love to the Camera which was produced by Eric Rachel Bedroom Talk and The World which were produced by Howard Benson.
 Brown Rice and Kerosine is the third album by Australian folk-rock group Redgum. The title is taken from the first track and the album was released around the time Redgum changed from a part-time band to a full-time job for its members.100 Years On was released as a single.
 It Was Always So Easy (To Find An Unhappy Woman) is the second album by country singer Moe Bandy (Marion Franklin Bandy Jr.) released in 1974 on the GRC Label.
 Songs of Mass Destruction is the fourth studio album by Annie Lennox released on 1 October 2007 in the UK and 2 October 2007 in the U.S. It was her first album of new material since 2003's Bare.
 10 Songs for the New Depression is the twenty-first studio album by American singer-songwriter Loudon Wainwright III released in July 2010 through Proper Records. Released forty years following his first studio album 10 Songs is Wainwright's first album since his Grammy Award-winning tribute project High Wide & Handsome: The Charlie Poole Project (2009).
 Easy Pain is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Young Widows. The album will be released on May 13 2014 through Temporary Residence Limited.Prior to the release of the album Young Widows performed Easy Pain in its entirety live on January 26 2014 — four months ahead of the official release date — in Brooklyn New York. Also to promote the album Young Widows released the track Kerosene Girl for online streaming in February 2014.
 Bachelite is the second album released by the Italian indie/electronica band Offlaga Disco Pax. Recorded between May and October 2007 and mastered in October in New York the album was published by Santeria Records on February 8 2008. With this album the band developed its sound which became much more electronica-influenced than in Socialismo Tascabile (Prove Tecniche di Trasmissione).
 Lickin' on Both Sides is the debut studio album by British R&B/UK garage group Mis-Teeq released by Telstar Records on 27 October 2001. It was primarily produced by Stargate with additional production from Jensen & Larsson and Synth among others. While the album became a top-five success in the United Kingdom reaching number three on the national albums chart it failed to enter the charts elsewhere.
 Slavestate is the third EP by industrial metal band Godflesh. It was released in July 1991 on Earache Records. The title track is based around a sample of Stakker Humanoid.A three-song remix EP called Slavestate Remixes saw a limited vinyl release in September that same year. The remixes were later appended to the reissue of Slavestate along with the tracks from the follow-up Slateman single.
 Killed The Radio Star was the fifth album by Canadian punk rock band Closet Monster released in 2002.
 Bold Right Life is the third studio album from American contemporary gospel singer Kierra Sheard. It was released 27 October 2008 by EMI Gospel.
 Oscar Peterson Plays the George Gershwin Songbook is a 1959 album by pianist Oscar Peterson of compositions written by George Gershwin. Peterson had recorded many of the pieces for his 1952 album Oscar Peterson Plays George Gershwin.
 You've Got to Stand for Something is the debut album of American country music artist Aaron Tippin. The title track was Tippin's first chart entry peaking at #6 on the Billboard country charts in 1991. Also released from this album were I Wonder How Far It Is over You and She Made a Memory out of Me which reached #40 and #54 respectively. In My Wildest Dreams was would later be recorded by Kenny Chesney as the title track to his 1994 debut album In My Wildest Dreams.
 NRG Ensemble is the debut album by American jazz multi-instrumentalist Hal Russell which was recorded in 1981 and released on Nessa.It was reissued in 2012 with new artwork and two bonus tracks previously unreleased from a demo tape the band gave to producer Chuck Nessa prior to the sessions.
 In Some Way Shape or Form is the fourth full-length studio album by American Pop punk band Four Year Strong released through Decaydance and Universal Motown Records on November 8 2011. The album was recorded between June–August 2011 at New Jersey's House of Loud with producer David Bendeth.
 Back n da Hood is a 1992 EP by hyphy Bay Area rapper Mac Dre. It was recorded live from Fresno County Jail and U.S.P. Lompoc over the phone. Its lyrics are about life in Fresno County Jail and about himself in early life. After his release from prison in 1997 he released Mac Dre Presents: The Rompalation. In late 1997 and early 1998 he recorded his second album Stupid Doo Doo Dumb. It was released April 28 1998.
 Curtain Time is an album by Pop vocalist Jack Jones.
 The Fourth Dimension is an album by organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1973-74 and released on the Cadet label.
 Tha Cum Up was the second and final album released by Sylk-E. Fyne. After her successful debut Raw Sylk expectations were high but Tha Cum Up was a critical and commercial failure however the single Ya Style featuring Snoop Dogg and Bizzy Bone made it to #17 on the Hot Rap Singles.
 Lá Nua is an album by Lúnasa. It was released in 2010 and is the band's eighth major release. The album's name means new day in Irish.It is the band's first album to be released on their own record label since their debut album Lunasa. It was recorded in the Cooley Mountains.
 Dwellers On the Threshold is the fifth full-length release by Tarwater an electronic music group from Berlin Germany. The album debuted on September 3 2002.
 Little Hell is the third album by City and Colour released on June 7 2011. Besides Dallas Green who recorded the majority of the instrumentals himself contributing musicians on the record also include Daniel Romano of Attack in Black Dylan Green and Scott Remila of Raising the Fawn Nick Skalkos of The Miniatures Misha Bower of Bruce Peninsula and Anna Jarvis and Jordan Mitchell of The Rest.
 Engage is the fourth album by hardcore band Stretch Arm Strong and their third release on Solid State Records
 Running Jumping Standing Still is an album by blues artists Spider John Koerner and Willie Murphy released in 1969. The album is often credited in Koerner's solo discography.
 Behaviour (Behavior in the original US pressing) is the fourth studio album by English synthpop duo Pet Shop Boys. It was first released in 1990. A special edition Japanese release included an additional Mini CD exclusive artwork and printed lyrics in a white velvet-like box.
 Road to Paradise was Melinda Caroll's first album. Caroll received the Hawai’i recording industry’s prestigious 1989 Na Hoku Hanohano Award for Female Vocalist of the Year for her album Road to Paradise. Road to Paradise was produced by Melinda Caroll and David Kauahikaua.
 Waldron-Haslam is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron and baritone saxophonist George Haslam recorded in 1994 and released on the English Slam label.
 The Best of Mark Schultz is a compilation album featuring Mark Schultz's greatest hits.
 State of the Art is the eighth studio album of South Korean boy band Shinhwa. It was released on 11 May 2006 by Good Entertainment. A Special Edition was also released containing bonus remix tracks of Throw My Fist and Midnight Girl and a DVD with behind-the-scene footages. The album was released in Taiwan on 5 October 2006 by Universal Music Taiwan in two versions including one with a bonus DVD.
 Arisa III: Look is the third studio album by Japanese recording artist Arisa Mizuki released through Nippon Columbia on December 24 1994. It is predominately a pop and dance music album that features songs written and produced by an array of famous Japanese musicians including Anri Yasuharu Konishi Keizō Nakanishi Takao Konishi Chika Ueda and Tetsuya Komuro.
 Coming Together is the third album by the Louisville Kentucky group New Birth. Released in 1972 on RCA Records it was produced by mentor Harvey Fuqua whose style of building a whole song around a simple phrase is represented by The Unh Song and the bass-laden Oh Baby I Love The Way and his uncredited assistant Vernon Bullock . It contained two tracks (Don't Knock My Love and I Don't Want To Do Wrong) by its subgroup Love Peace & Happiness which featured Ann Bogan.
 My Better Self is a Dar Williams' album which was released on September 13 2005 by Razor & Tie.
 Í Blóði og Anda (English: In Blood and Spirit) is the first full length album by Sólstafir.Sólstafir started to record Í Blóði og Anda in 1999 but it wasn't released until 2002. Shortly after its release Ars Metalli went under and the album became a rarity just a few months after its release.
 You've Been Spiked is a 2004 album by Chris Joss.
 Disc One: All Their Greatest Hits (1991–2001) is a greatest hits compilation album by Barenaked Ladies which spans their first decade as a band. It contains a version of nearly every single they had released to that point along with two newly recorded tracks: It's Only Me (The Wizard of Magicland) and Thanks That Was Fun the latter of which was released as a single. Disc One was released in November 2001 to a warm commercial reaction and was certified gold in the United States.
 Air-Conditioned Life is the first full-length album by Stretford End released in 2009 on iTunes. The album's title is a reference to The Air-Conditioned Nightmare by Henry Miller.
 Dirty Laundry is the eighth solo album of Ian Hunter. This album was actually not planned because Hunter only planned to record a few songs at Abbey Road Studios.The project started out with keyboardist Casino Steel and marked the return of Hunter to the studio since the death of his long-time friend and collaborator Mick Ronson.Unlike his previous solo albums many songs were written or co-written by others.
 Reeds & Deeds is an album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Roland Kirk. It was originally released on the Mercury label in 1963 and features performances by Kirk with Virgil Jones Charles Greenlee Harold Mabern Abdullah Rafik Walter Perkins Tom McIntosh and Richard Davis with arrangements by Benny Golson.
 Caravans To Empire Algol is the first album by the ambient project Neptune Towers. It was released on December 12 1994 by Moonfog. Fenriz considers this to be the first of the two chapters of the Empire Algol saga the second (and final) being the next Neptune Towers album Transmissions From Empire Algol.
 Covered with Ants is the seventh album by the Huntington Beach California punk rock band Guttermouth released in 2001 by Epitaph Records. It was the band's first album for Epitaph having ended their contract with Nitro Records the previous year. The album continued the band's style of fast abrasive punk rock with tongue-in-cheek humor and sarcastic lyrics but found them experimenting with instruments they had not used before such as organ banjo and fiddle.
 Sargasso Sea is the third album by Pram released in August 1995 through Too Pure.
 Digi Snacks is the fourth solo studio album by rapper and producer RZA the third under his Bobby Digital alias. Continuing the story from Digital Bullet the album was released on 24 June 2008 on Koch Records. The album was originally entitled Digi Snax but was changed before release.The album's first single You Can't Stop Me Now features fellow Wu-Tang Clan rapper Inspectah Deck; a track by this name featured in reports of early track listings of the group's 8 Diagrams album.
 More Deep Cuts is the second album from American indie rock band Thee More Shallows. It was originally released on Monotreme Records in 2004. It was re-released on Turn Records in 2005.Later printings were released with an alternative cover.
 This article describes the 44th album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 44 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 44 or Now 44 was released in 1999.
 In Praise of Learning is an album by British avant-rock groups Henry Cow and Slapp Happy recorded at Virgin Records' Manor studios in February and March 1975. It was the second of two collaborative albums by the two groups and was released in May 1975.The album cover art work was by artist Ray Smith and was the last of the three paint socks to feature on Henry Cow's albums.
 The Very Best of The Smiths is a compilation album by The Smiths. It was released in June 2001 by WEA in Europe without consent or input from the band. It reached #30 on the UK Albums Chart. The album was not released in the United States.
 Playtime's Over is the second album by rapper Candyman. The album was released in July 1991 for Epic Records and was produced by Candyman and DJ Scratch. Coming off the success of his previous album Ain't No Shame in My Game Playtime's Over failed to reach any Billboard charts. It featured only one charting single Oneighundredskytalkpinelevenotwosevenine (1-800-Sky-Talk PIN #110279) which made it to #13 on the Hot Rap Singles.
 Sweet Sounds by the Browns is a 1959 album by American country music trio The Browns originally released on the RCA Victor label. In 2000 this album and another album Grand Ole Opry Favorites were re-released together on the same compact disc.
 Nothing But Your Love is the tenth studio album of Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota (credited under Toshi Kubota) released on June 28 2000.
 Tormé Meets the British is a 1957 studio album by Mel Tormé of British songs recorded in London.
 If You Speak Any Faster is an album released by Chicago-based band June in 2005 under Victory Records. Jac Vanek is featured in the album's artwork.[citation needed]
 The Most Beautifullest Thing in This World is the debut studio album from American hip hop artist Keith Murray released November 8 1994 on Jive Records.The album peaked at number thirty-four on the Billboard 200 chart. By August 1995 it was certified gold in sales by the RIAA after sales exceeding 500000 copies in the United States.
 Soccerstar is the debut EP Album and the first ever EP/Album by the New Zealand Punk Rock band Steriogram released through Capitol Records on November 11 1999. The EP album is considered to be the first mini-album of a series but this has not been confirmed. Steriogram announced that their next EP album would be released in early 2001. The album is not commonly remembered and most of the songs can be bought on unknown websites.
 New York in the 1960s: Sun Blindness Music better known as Sun Blindness Music is an album by John Cale released in 2001. It is the first of a loose anthology of experimental albums recorded during Cale's tenure with the Theatre of Eternal Music during the mid-1960s. The pieces included on the album were recorded between 1964 and 1966. Albums following in the anthology include the collaborative effort Day Of Niagara and the Cale compilations Dream Interpretation and Stainless Gamelan.
 Little River Band is the first album by the Australian rock group Little River Band which was released by EMI in November 1975. It peaked at No. 12 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart. The band's first single Curiosity (Killed the Cat) was released in September ahead of the album and peaked at No. 15 on the Kent Music Report Singles Chart. The following single Emma appeared in January 1976 and peaked at No. 20.
 Blood of Man is the eighth album by Mason Jennings. It was released in 2009 on Brushfire Records. Mason Jennings recorded all of the instruments on the album himself and the album features more extensive use of electric guitars than his previous two albums.
 Kaede: If Trans... (｢楓｣ 〜if trans･･･〜) is a music video compilation released by Dir En Grey on January 15 1998. It is the band's first video release.
 Manners is the debut studio album by American electropop band Passion Pit released on May 15 2009 by Frenchkiss Records and Columbia Records. The Reeling was released as the album's lead single on May 11 2009 and its music video premiered on YouTube on April 21 2009. A second single To Kingdom Come was released in August 2009 followed by Little Secrets in December 2009.
 Reason is the second album by English singer-songwriter Melanie C. It was the follow up album to Northern Star. Released on 10 March 2003 it reached number five in the UK Albums Chart selling 30876 copies in its first week. Although not performing as well as Northern Star Reason has a Gold certification in the United Kingdom with 101889 copies sold. The album has sold 500000 copies worldwide. The album has been released with the Copy Control protection system in some regions.
 Live @ The Fillmore is Lucinda Williams' eighth album and her first live album. It was released in 2005. Though rated highly for the live performance the album received criticism for only containing album tracks including 11 from her previous album 2003's World Without Tears.
 Mass Nerder is the seventh album by pop punk band All. It was released on Epitaph Records in 1998.The Descendents later recorded a song called Mass Nerder for their 2004 album Cool to Be You. Honey Peeps appeared in the 1999 Sony PlayStation game Street Sk8er and the 1999 Vans Off The Wall Sampler. World's On Heroin appeared on the soundtrack to the 1999 cult film Terror Firmer. Perfection appeared in the 1999 Sony PlayStation game Supercross 2000 by Electronic Arts.
 Everybody’s Talkin’ ‘Bout Miss Thing! is the second album by Lavay Smith & Her Red Hot Skillet Lickers.
 I Care is the second studio album by Filipino singer Rachelle Ann Go released in the Philippines on January 10 2006 by VIVA Records. The album is an immediate follow-up to her successful self-titled debut album. Its singles include If You Walk Away the title track and Bakit a promotional single.The album was released on digital download through iTunes on June 1 2005.
 Instinct is the fourth album by Groove Metal band Ektomorf.
 Lift Every Voice and Sing is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach with the J.C. White Singers recorded in 1971 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Internationale is an EP by experimental indie band Brainiac released on October 6 1995. It was their first release after signing to Touch & Go Records and was produced by Kim Deal of The Pixies.
 To Britain With Love... And Bruises is a live studio album by the metal band My Ruin released only in the UK and limited to 10000 copies. It has songs from both of their previous studio albums Speak And Destroy and A Prayer Under Pressure Of Violent Anguish as well as the B-side Masochrist and a new spoken word opening track.
 Machine Gun Etiquette is the third studio album by English punk rock band the Damned. It was released in November 1979 through record label Chiswick.
 Just Patti was a Patti Page album issued by Mercury Records as a 10 long-playing record as catalog number MG-25196.
 Move It! is the first album by the house music and reggae-influenced duo Reel 2 Real which had seven top 10 hits on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart in the 1990s.
 Visions of the Emerald Beyond is an album by the jazz fusion group Mahavishnu Orchestra and the second released by its second incarnation.According to the liner notes the album was recorded at Electric Lady Studios in New York City from December 4 until December 14 1974. It was then mixed at Trident Studios in London from December 16 until December 24 1974.
 Christmas Duets is a 2008 album released by RCA Records consisting of archival Elvis Presley vocal recordings mixed with completely re-recorded instrumentation and new vocals by contemporary country and gospel singers. Three tracks on the album do not have duet vocals: The First Noel If I Get Home On Christmas Day and Winter Wonderland. However the instrumental tracks for these songs were re-recorded by contemporary musicians just like on all other songs.
 There Be Squabbles Ahead is the first full-length album from Stolen Babies.The album has received almost unanimously positive reviews and has helped to expand their fanbase massively.
 No Shoes No Shirt No Problems is the seventh album of country music singer Kenny Chesney. His sixth album for BNA Records it produced five chart singles on the Billboard country music charts between 2001 and 2003: Young (number 2) The Good Stuff (number 1) A Lot of Things Different (number 6) Big Star (number 2) and the title track (number 2). A music video was made for Live Those Songs which charted at number 60 without being released as a single.
 Chain Reaction Live In Concert (originally titled Chain Reaction Tour) is a DVD release by Australian singer John Farnham. The DVD was released in Australia on 13 November 2005 in conjunction with Classic Jack Live!. This DVD contains John Farnham's performance at the Flinders Park National Tennis Centre Melbourne in 1990 during his Chain Reaction Tour. This program was originally aired on Australia's Channel Seven in 1990.
 The Very Best of Baccara is a compilation album by Spanish duo Baccara released by Sony BMG in June 2006.
 Chiaroscuro is an album by American guitarist Ralph Towner and Italian trumpeter Paolo Fresu recorded in 2008 and released on the ECM label.
 The Siket Disc is a 1999/2000 release from the American band Phish. (It was released in 1999 through the Phish web site and mailordering system but did not reach stores until November 7 2000 from Elektra Records.)The Siket Disc emerged from material developed during the Bearsville Studio sessions for Phish's 1998 album The Story of the Ghost.
 Lo Mejor De Miguel Bosé is a 'Best-Of' compilation album by Latin Grammy-winning Spanish musician and actor Miguel Bosé. It was released in 1999.
 Sunrise in the Land of Milk and Honey is Cracker's ninth studio album. It was released in May 2009 on 429 Records.
 Tubeway Army is the debut album by Tubeway Army released in 1978. Its initial limited-edition run of 5000 (known unofficially as the Blue Album due to its coloured vinyl and cover) sold out but did not chart. When reissued in mid-1979 following the success of the follow-up Replicas (1979) the more commonly known cover art featuring a stylised portrait of Numan was introduced. This release made number 14 in the UK album charts.
 Nuyol is the eight album from Puerto Rican folk singer Roy Brown. The album was released under Brown's label Discos Lara-Yarí in 1983.
 Wooden Heart is the third studio album by American spoken word band Listener released on 6 July 2010.
 Light Up The Bomb an album from rapper 8 Ball. It was released on October 10 2006 through 8 Ways Ent.
 The Comfort of Home is the third album to be released by pop punk band Rufio.
 Nie! Nie! Nie! is the second album of Polish punk rock band Bulbulators.
 So Fresh: The Hits of Winter 2006 is part of the So Fresh album series. It was released in Australia on 10 June 2006.
 Strapping Young Lad (occasionally referred to as SYL) is the eponymous third album by Canadian heavy metal band Strapping Young Lad. It was released on February 11 2003.
 UH HUH! is a self-released EP from Queens Club.
 Women & Songs: The 80s is a special album in the Women & Songs franchise. It was released with Women & Songs: 60s Girl Groups one week before the official 6th album in the collection.
 Live At Stora Teatern is a live EP by Jens Lekman.
 2 is Dover's seventh album released in 2007. It is a double CD greatest hits compilation from the band including singles: Serenade Devil Came To Me and Loli Jackson and featuring many singles and favourites from their past albums.The CD also includes a new single Soldier and pop versions of 5 of their greatest hits and successes from their previous album Follow The City Lights.
 ...Like a Bolt of Lightning is the first release by Juliette and the Licks. It was released on October 12 2004.
 Leave It On was the debut EP released by the Dublin-based Irish indie–alternative rock band Delorentos. The EP was recorded in Pulse Studios over the summer of 2005 with local producer Marc Carolan. Carolan had previously worked with bands such as Muse The Cure and JJ72. The record was mixed in Carolan's own Suite Studio with artwork being designed by Kevin Lynch. The Tracklisting was Leave It on Any Other Way Solitude and If she never comes around again.
 The Hunger Games: Songs from District 12 and Beyond is the official companion album for the 2012 film The Hunger Games. The score for the film was composed by James Newton Howard but the companion album consists primarily of songs by various artists inspired by but not heard in the film. Safe & Sound by Taylor Swift and featuring The Civil Wars was released as a promotional single for the soundtrack. On February 14 2012 One Engine was made available for download on iTunes.
 Hello Waveforms is the ninth album by British electronic musician and record producer William Orbit. It was released in the UK on February 20 2006. It is a mostly instrumental ambient record with only four tracks containing vocals: Spiral featuring Kenna and the Sugababes They Live In The Sky sung by Annette and Paulette Morris and Bubble Universe which is based on a song previously recorded with Madonna called Liquid Love and has vocals by Laurie Mayer.
 Shotgun Wedding is the only studio album by Lydia Lunch and Rowland S. Howard. It was released in 1991 through record label Triple X.
 Fellini Days is Fish's seventh solo studio album since he left Marillion in 1988 and the first since Raingods with Zippos (1999). Released on Fish's own label Chocolate Frog Records Company.
 Archer on the Beach is an EP by Destroyer released in November 2010 on 12 Vinyl.
 Survive is the second full-length studio album by Much the Same. It was released on August 29 2006 by Nitro Records and is the last album by the band before their breakup.
 The Biggest and the Best is a greatest hits compilation by Christian pop punk band Slick Shoes and was the band's final album with never before released music.
 Live at Leeds 2007 is a live album by indie rock band Shed Seven self-released by weekly download on a Friday starting on 15 May 2009. After the release of track 7 Return shedseven.com announced the rest of the album would be released on a fortnightly basis.
 The Image Has Cracked is the debut studio album by English post-punk band Alternative TV. It was released in May 1978 through record label Deptford Fun City.
 Riddim Driven: Buy Out is the nineteenth installment in VP Records' Riddim Driven series. It was released in December 2001 on CD and LP. The album features the Buy Out riddim produced by Tony Kelly. Featured on the album is the hit track Like Glue by Sean Paul which would peak at #13 on the Billboard Top 100 in 2003. The final track only appears on the CD edition.
 Wild Flower' is an album by saxophonist Houston Person recorded in 1977 and released on the Muse label.
 Bête Noire (Literally 'Black Beast' in French but meaning pet peeve) is an album by British singer Bryan Ferry released on Virgin Records in November 1987. The album peaked at no.9 in the UK and was certified Gold by the BPI.The track The Right Stuff (co-written by Johnny Marr and adapted from The Smiths' instrumental B-side Money Changes Everything) was the album's only top 40 hit in the UK peaking at no.37.
 This Heat is the debut studio album by English experimental rock band This Heat. It was released in September 1979 through the record label Piano.
 The Hollow of Morning is the third album by Irish singer-songwriter Gemma Hayes released on 2 May 2008 in the Ireland. Out of Our Hands was the first single from the album. The album was released in North America on 20 May 2008 on iTunes. The album later received a physical release in the US on 30 September 2008 under Second Motion Records.
 Vittring is a 1978 album from Swedish pop and rock artist Magnus Uggla. The album was recorded with the English punk rock band Stadium Dogs.Stjärn...r is a Swedish version of Star Star by The Rolling Stones.Å han kysste mej is a cover of Then he kissed me by The Crystals.Vittring on the other hand was covered by Belgian artist Plastic Bertrand as Rock'n'roll je te hais with completely unrelated lyrics in French.
 Welcome to the Wild Country is the debut solo album of British musician Francis Dunnery released following his departure from his former band It Bites. The album was not a commercial success upon release and was initially released only in Japan. It was the only album which Dunnery released via Virgin Records (who had previously handled It Bites). The album was rereleased (and remastered with extra tracks) on Dunnery's own record label Aquarian Nation in 2003.
 Ten Years Of Toys is a compilation album by English punk-rock group Toy Dolls released in 1989.
 Access All Areas is the eighth album and first live album by Spyro Gyra released in 1984 (see 1984 in music).
 Bass Hit! is a 1956 album by Ray Brown his first album as a leader.
 Pisces is a jazz album by Art Blakey & the Jazz Messengers. It was recorded in 1961 but not issued on Blue Note Records until 1979. Although it has never been issued on CD all the tracks except for It's A Long Way Down may be found on the Mosaic compilation The Complete Blue Note Recordings of Art Blakey's 1960 Jazz Messengers.
 Grow into One is the second studio album released by Japanese pop singer Koda Kumi released on March 2003. This album contains one of her best-selling singles Real Emotion/1000 no Kotoba. Combined with the singles the album sold over half a million copies in Japan.
 A Song Is a City is the second studio album by Australian rock band Eskimo Joe released on 17 May 2004.The debut single From the Sea made it to the top 40 of the Australian singles charts and was number one on the Triple J Net 50 between March and May.[citation needed] The album A Song Is a City debuted on the ARIA Australian top 50 album chart at number 2 on 24 May 2004.[citation needed] The track Smoke was released as the second single and reached the top 5 in the Net 50 in May 2004.[citation needed] The third single released was Older Than You which returned them to the Australian Top 50.[citation needed] There was also a fourth single Life Is Better with You. 
 Let Love In is the second LP album by A Cursive Memory. It was self-released on September 7 2010. The first single from the album is Wondering for the music video the band made a special acoustic performance in the country.
 Strangeland is the fourth studio album by English alternative rock band Keane released in May 2012 through Island Records. It is their first full length album since Perfect Symmetry (2008) as well as the first to feature bassist Jesse Quin as an official member.Two singles were released preceding the album's release: Silenced by the Night and Disconnected. The former was released internationally on 13 March 2012 while the latter was released on 27 April 2012.
 Hydromajestik is the fourth album by Sydney electronic band Wicked Beat Sound System. It was recorded and produced on a farm in the southern tablelands of Australia during the drought of 2005-2006 and released in March 2007.The album features the vocals of Linda Janssen and production by Damian Robinson. Hydromajestik was mixed by Bob Scott of Dodgy Music.
 Cater Fe She is an album by released Daddy Freddy in 1989.
 3/13/98 Cedar Cultural Centre is the second live album (fifth total) released by the rock n' roll jam band The Big Wu. It was released at their fourth annual Family Reunion on Memorial day weekend in 2001. It was recorded at the Cedar Cultural Center in Minneapolis on March 13 2001.
 Hyperacuity is the seventh studio album by guitarist Greg Howe released on June 6 2000 through Tone Center Records.
 These Are the Days is the first album by Dave Hensman released on the Big Sky Music label. It was released in 2006.That year the album was nominated by the East Coast Music Association as the Praise and Worship Album of the Year. Then again in 2007 by GMA Canada as the Gospel Recording of the Year.
 Bangin West Coast is the second album from Long Beach California producer and rapper Soopafly. The advance leaked in 2006 but was officially released on May 8 2007 through Gangsta Advisory Records.
 The Encore Collection is a 2004 compilation album by American female vocal trio SWV.
 Winter Light is an out-of-print album by American singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt released in late 1993. Although it sold fewer than 300000 copies in the United States it stands as one of Linda's most acclaimed albums.
 LaFee is the first album recorded by LaFee.
 Racer-X is the third EP by American post-hardcore band Big Black. It was released by Homestead Records in 1984 and reissued by Touch and Go Records in 1992.Racer-X was the first of Big Black's records to cement their instrumental lineup of two guitars one bass guitar and a Roland TR-606 drum machine.
 Watts Happening is rap artist Ohmega Watts' second album released on October 9 2007.
 The Holidays EP is the first official release by the Australian indie band The Holidays. It was released on 19 April 2008. The lead single off the EP was Holiday which received high rotation on the national youth radio station Triple J.
 Sugar and Spice is a 1963 album by British rock band The Searchers. This album features the band's second single released Sugar and Spice the title track.
 Futurelook is Stickman’s eighth studio album .
 A Wolf in Sheep's Clothing is the debut studio album from American hip hop group Black Sheep released October 22 1991 on Mercury Records.The album peaked at number 30 on the Billboard 200 chart. By April 1992 it was certified gold in sales by the RIAA after sales exceeding 500000 copies in the United States.
 New Surrender is the fourth studio album by American alternative rock band Anberlin released on 30 September 2008. It is the band's first album on a major label after signing with Universal Republic Records on 16 August 2007. The album peaked at number 13 on the Billboard 200 and 5 on the Billboard Top Modern Rock / Alternative Albums chart.Anberlin went in to record their fourth album only 12 months after the 2007 release of their third Cities.
 Miles from India: A Celebration of the Music of Miles Davis is a compilation album by various artists released in April 2008 through Times Square Records. The album reached a peak position of number six on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart.
 Seal the Deal is the second full-length album by the Chicago based hard rock band The Last Vegas released on April 10 2006.It was the band's second and last release on Get Hip Records before the split from the label. It was also the band's last release with bassist Anthony Rubino.The album's 7th track Raw Dog was featured as a bonus track for the rhythm video game Guitar Hero II.
 The Opening is a live album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron featuring a performance recorded in Paris in 1970 and released on the French Futura label.
 Low Flame is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1962 and released on the Jazzland label.
 Chewing Gum EP is the first CD release from Polar Bear led by Jane's Addiction bassist Eric Avery and Harold Biff Barefoot Sanders III. This EP DH-021 is self-titled although it took on its name based on the cover to differentiate itself from the bands vinyl release a year earlier.
 Best of UGK is a compilation album by rap group UGK.
 High Wide & Handsome: The Charlie Poole Project is the 20th studio album by American singer-songwriter Loudon Wainwright III. The album a double-CD released on August 18 2009 on 2nd Story Sound pays tribute to singer and banjo picker Charlie Poole (1892–1931).
 Zephyr National was Tom Fogerty's third solo album. His brother John played on the album but recorded his parts separately from former CCR band members Doug Clifford and Stu Cook on the one song they all performed on Joyful Resurrection. This marked the final time all four members of Creedence Clearwater Revival played on the same song.
 The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society is the sixth studio album by the English rock group the Kinks released in November 1968. It was the last album by the original quartet as bassist Pete Quaife left the group in early 1969. A collection of thematic vignettes of English town and hamlet life The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society was assembled from songs written and recorded over the previous two years.
 Live (also known as Live '92 and Show of Hands Live) is a live album by English acoustic roots duo Show of Hands.It is their first album to be released on CD.
 Up From Down Under is an album by Australian musician Tommy Emmanuel. It was re-released as Two Originals: Up From Down Under/Dare to Be Different by Sony.
 No Carrots for the Rehabilitated is an EP by Randy released in 1993.
 One Fat Sucka is the second live album by progressive rock band Umphrey's McGee. It was recorded at various concerts throughout the summer and fall of 2000. Most of the material contains brand new guitarist Jake Cinninger who joined the band in September 2000. Two songs recorded before Cinninger joined Siddhartha and Wild Brumby feature special guest Dr. Didg on didgeridoo.
 Keep It Simple is the debut and only studio album of Danish singer of Egyptian and Iraqi origin Mohamed Ali after he came third in season 2 of the Danish X Factor. The album reached #2 on the Danish Albums Chart. The single Rocket taken from the album became Mohamed Ali's debut solo single from the album reached #12 on the Tracklisten the official Danish Singles Chart.
 I Am Cold is the second album by the post-punk band Rip Rig + Panic released in 1982 through Virgin Records.
 Down II: A Bustle in Your Hedgerow is the second album by Down released on March 26 2002. The subtitle A Bustle in Your Hedgerow is borrowed from the lyrics of Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
 Charlie Last Name Wilson is the third studio album by Charlie Wilson and includes production from several R&B hitmakers including R. Kelly will.i.am Justin Timberlake KayGee & Terence Tramp-Baby Abney The Underdogs and The Platinum Brothers.It debuted and peaked at #10 on the Billboard 200 with sales of 71400 copies in its first week. The album was also certified Gold by the RIAA on February 5 2009 (almost 4 years after its release) surpassing sales of 500000 copies.
 Nevaeh is the debut album by Design the Skyline it was released on August 16 2011 through Victory Records.
 Berlin (/bərˈlɪn/; German pronunciation: [bɛɐ̯ˈliːn] ) is the capital city of Germany and one of the 16 states of Germany. With a population of 3.4 million people Berlin is Germany's largest city the second most populous city proper and the seventh most populous urban area in the European Union. Located in northeastern Germany on the River Spree it is the center of the Berlin-Brandenburg Metropolitan Region which has about 4.5 million residents from over 180 nations.
 Verehrt und Angespien (English: Worshipped and Spat At) is the second folk metal album by the German band In Extremo. It was released in 1999 by Mercury Records.
 Liberty and Justice for... is the third full-length studio album from New York hardcore band Agnostic Front. It was released in 1987 on Relativity/Combat Records and follows 1986's Cause for Alarm. Live at CBGB followed this album in 1989 featuring songs from the band's first three albums and EP.
 Ignition is the debut solo album from Rock singer-songwriter John Waite (ex-vocalist for The Babys). It was released on Chrysalis in May of 1982 and produced by Neil Giraldo (producer/guitarist for Pat Benatar who was on the same label).Two singles were lifted from the record; the Holly Knight-penned Change failed to make a significant dent on any chart except for the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks where it scored the #16 position. It was however one of MTV's most popular early videos.
 Live 1967 is a live album by The Monkees compiled from show dates (in Seattle Portland and Spokane) on their 1967 United States tour. The songs mostly feature the Monkees themselves singing and playing although the solo spots for each member feature music by opening act The Sundowners.In 2001 Rhino HandMade Records released all recordings from the Mobile Spokane Portland and Seattle shows on a limited edition Monkees CD release Summer 1967: The Complete U.S.
 My Secret Life is an album by Eric Burdon released in 2004. It was his first solo album release which contains new titles in nearly 16 years. It was his comeback album.It features many different musical directions such as jazz blues soul rock ska rhythm and blues folk boogie world and pop. Burdon said in an interview that every song is different. The album peaked No.
 Love in Motion is the fourth studio album by New Zealand singer-songwriter Anika Moa. The album's underlying theme is love. Moa's civil partner Azaria Universe was her biggest influence when writing the album. With Love in Motion Moa moved from the folk and country pop influences of In Swings the Tide to a pop rock sound.
 The Barbra Streisand Album is the debut album by Barbra Streisand released in 1963 on Columbia Records catalogue CL 2007 in mono and CS 8807 in stereo. It peaked at #8 on the Billboard pop albums chart and has been certified a gold album by the RIAA.
 Crowns Down & Company is a remix album of songs from American underground hip hop duo Themselves' third studio album Crowns Down. It was released on Anticon in 2010.
 AOL Sessions Undercover is an EP by rock band The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus released on March 13 2007. It is mostly acoustic but is technically a live EP. It features the only true acoustic version of Your Guardian Angel unlike The Acoustic Song featured on The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus.
 Live Humanitarian is a live album by Mortification.
 Tired Hooker is third home video release and the fourteenth Bravo stand-up comedy special by stand-up comedian Kathy Griffin and sixteenth overall. It was televised live from the Terrace Theater in Long Beach California on December 20 2011 on Bravo. It was released simultaneously with Pants Off.
 Eat Your Face is the ninth album by the Huntington Beach California punk rock band Guttermouth released in 2004 by Epitaph Records and Volcom Entertainment. It was hailed as a return to form after the stylistic experimentations of 2002's Gusto going back to the band's tried-and-true style of fast abrasive punk rock with tongue-in-cheek humor and sarcastic lyrics.
 Prismophonic is the name given to the third album by Christophe Willem. It was released on 21 November 2011 and currently has three singles Cool Si Mes Larmes Tombent and Starlite. The first single Cool was released on 20 September 2011. It was released as both a physical and digital single. Fellow French Singer Zaho features on the album during the song Indelebile and big names such as Kylie Minogue are credited.
 Remix Classics is a compilation album of remixes released by rapper Master P. It was released on September 20 2005 through Koch Records and managed to make it to #81 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #47 on the Top Independent Albums.
 Serpent Temptation is a debut studio album by American death/thrash metal band Incubus. It was released on April 14 1988 through Brutal Productions.Reissues was released in 1996 through Nuclear Blast Records with a different cover art. The reissue had the vocals re-recorded and also the lyrics re-written and songs renamed for the most part. The music itself is the same though.
 Back on the Dancefloor is the second compilation album released by German dance trio Cascada. It was released 13 April 2012 in their home country. Consisting of 2 discs featuring past singles and remixes from the previous eight years. The album's first and only new song Summer of Love was released prior to the compilation and peaked within the top 20 in Germany.
 Reba is the fifteenth studio album released in 1988 by Reba McEntire the title signifying that she had become so well known that she could be identified by first name alone but also signaling an entirely different style to her music. Gone were the steel guitars and fiddles of My Kind of Country and Have I Got a Deal for You to be replaced by a highly produced and orchestrated sound.
 Cedar + Gold is the third studio album by Californian singer-songwriter Tristan Prettyman. It was released on October 2 2012 by Capitol Records and peaked at number 47 on the Billboard 200 albums chart. Much of the album's lyrical content was influenced by Prettyman's on-again off-again relationship with fellow singer-songwriter Jason Mraz.
 Coming from the Sky is the first full-length album by the French power metal band Heavenly. It was released on July 25 2000 by Noise Records.
 Simplicity Two Thousand is an album by Afterlife released in 2000 (see 2000 in music).
 Dreamland EP: Marimba and Shit-Drums is the first EP released by Spencer Krug as Moonface. It was released on January 26 2010. It is only available in a 12 vinyl EP format and a FLAC lossless or MP3 version at the official Moonface website.
 Outerspace is a compilation album by underground hip hop group Outerspace and was released on Babygrande Records in 2004 3 months before the release of their debut Blood and Ashes. The album consists of songs released on old twelve inches and EP's. The album also includes two new tracks which is the single for the album 151 and Divine Evil featuring Chief Kamachi. 151 was also featured on Midnight Club 3: DUB Edition the song is heard at the end of each race.
 Burst Apart is the fourth studio album by American indie rock group The Antlers. It was released on Frenchkiss Records on May 10 2011 and the day before in the UK / Japan / Europe by Transgressive Records. It began streaming on the National Public Radio website on April 24 2011. The cover art was designed by Zan Goodman who also designed the album cover for their previous album Hospice.The track Parentheses was released as an iTunes single on April 5 2011.
 Tales of Mystery and Imagination Edgar Allan Poe is the debut album by the progressive rock group The Alan Parsons Project released in 1976. The lyrical and musical themes – retellings of horror stories and poetry by Edgar Allan Poe — attracted a cult audience.
 Everybody's Got a Story is Amanda Marshall's third album. The album was certified platinum by the CRIA selling over 100000 copies across Canada.
 Fathead Ray Charles Presents David 'Fathead' Newman (also referred to as Ray Charles Sextet) is the debut release of jazz saxophonist David Fathead Newman. The complete album was also included with 3 other Newman releases in the 2 CD reissue / compilation It's Mister Fathead.
 Clouds Without Water is the third album by the band Zoar. Unlike previous Zoar albums this one contains songs with lyrics performed for the album. The album's title derives from a collection of poetry by Aleister Crowley entitled Clouds without Water.
 Gate II is the third album released by Japanese pop rock trio Iceman on May 21 1998. It is also the first in a small series of albums released by Iceman from 1999 until their official departure from the Japanese music scene in 2003. This series includes three studio albums (Gate II Gate I and Gate//White) as well as 1 remix album and 1 “analog” album (gate out - 1st remix album and gate out - 1st analog album respectively).
 Love Togetherness & Devotion is the debut album release for the Los Angeles California -based band L.T.D..
 The Good Earth is an album released in 1974 by Manfred Mann's Earth Band.Track 1 was originally done by Gary Wright on his second solo-album while tracks 2 and 3 are originally by Australian progressive rock band Spectrum.Early owners of one copy of this album were entitled to rights over one square foot of the earth situated at Llanerchyrfa in the County of Brecon Wales in Great Britain. The inner sleeve included a coupon that had to be sent for registration.
 Big Bluegrass Special is the début album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1962 by Capitol Records.
 One Love is the seventh studio album by American R&B group New Edition released by Bad Boy/Universal Records in 2004.
 Sublime is the third and final album released by ska punk band Sublime. Originally intended to be titled Killin' It the band and MCA Records agreed to substitute an eponymous title due to lead singer Bradley Nowell's death prior to the album's release.
 Jazz Number II is a 1973 album by Ray Charles.
 Mellow Beats Friends & Lovers is a compilation album. It is produced by various artists including Uyama Hiroto Naoki Maeda Dwele Golden Boy Sora Takagi Masakatsu Kuniyuki Takahashi and Rei Harakami. It is often thought to be produced by Nujabes but only 2 of the 15 songs are actually produced by Nujabes.
 A Different Kind of Tension is the third studio album by English pop punk band Buzzcocks. It was released in September 1979 through United Artists Records. It charted at number 26 in the United Kingdom and number 163 in the United States.
 The Last Dance is the second compilation album from pop group Steps and was released eleven months after the group had disbanded. It contains a selection of B-sides and remixes of previous singles and received extremely limited promotion prior to its release. The album reached #57 in the UK and is Steps' lowest-charting album release to date.
 American Demo is the debut album by The Indelicates and was released on 14 April 2008.
 Gold: 35th Anniversary Edition is a two-disc compilation released by The Carpenters in early 2004. The cover has the same look as the 1992 Gold: Greatest Hits ABBA compilation. The album is essentially the expanded US release of a European compilation released in 2000 titled Gold: Greatest Hits (the same as ABBA's). It peaked at #4 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Western Culture is an album by English avant-rock group Henry Cow recorded at Sunrise Studios in Kirchberg Switzerland in January July and August 1978. It was their last album and was released on Henry Cow's own private label Broadcast in 1979. Later editions appeared on Interzone in the US and Celluloid in France. Only the UK Broadcast pressing used the custom label artwork design.
 Presenting The New Christy Minstrels also known as Exciting New Folk Chorus is a studio album by the acoustic American folk music group The New Christy Minstrels. It was their debut album and was recorded in mid-April 1962. Columbia Records released the album in October 1962.Presenting The New Christy Minstrels won a Grammy Award for Best Performance by a Chorus in 1962 and occupied the Billboard 200 charts for two years peaking at number 19.
 No. 10 Upping St. (a pun on 10 Downing St. the residence and office of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom) is the second album by Big Audio Dynamite led by former Clash guitarist and songwriter Mick Jones. It was released in 1986 and was co-written and co-produced with Joe Strummer.
 Of Course Of Course is the second album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd released on the Columbia label featuring performances by Lloyd with Gabor Szabo Ron Carter and Tony Williams. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow and Thom Jurek awarded the album 4 stars and states Whether on tenor or flute Lloyd was quickly coming into his own as an original voice and this underrated set is a minor classic.
 Martinis & Bikinis is the seventh (studio) album from American singer-songwriter Sam Phillips.The photographs included in this album's artwork reportedly led to Phillips' role as a mute terrorist in the film Die Hard with a Vengeance.
 Tough it Out is the second studio album released by British AOR/hard rock band FM. Tough It Out is the follow-up album to their 1986 debut album Indiscreet and was released in 1989 on the Epic Records label.
 Righteous Boy is the solo project of Magnus Sveningsson bassist from Swedish rock group The Cardigans. Sveningsson began the project during the long hiatus between the Cardigans' Gran Turismo and Long Gone Before Daylight albums. To date Righteous Boy's single album release is I Sing Because of You (2003) which contained the single Loved Among Friends.
 Ceremonial is the second studio album by the American post-punk band Savage Republic released in 1985 on Fundamental Records. It has been reissued since 1990 accompanied by the Trudge EP.
 Relax Edition Six is a studio album by Blank & Jones. It was released in 2011.
 Winds Fairground is an album by the Japanese band Soul Flower Union. The album was recorded in Ireland and has the heaviest Celtic music influence of all their albums. However the influence of traditional Japanese music Okinawan music and swing jazz also remains heavy.
 The Felice Brothers is The Felice Brothers' fifth album and their first major release. It was released on March 4 2008. It includes five tracks previously released on their hard to find Adventures of the Felice Brothers Vol. 1.
 Grand Guignol is the second full-length studio album released by John Zorn's band Naked City in 1992 on the Japanese Avant label. The album followed Torture Garden which was a compilation of hardcore miniatures from Naked City and Grand Guignol.
 Motori (English: Motorcycles) is the third studio album by the Yugoslav and Bosnian heavy metal band Divlje Jagode. The album was recorded at Music Paark Studio in Bad Homburg vor der Höhe Germany and was released in September 1982. It is considered the band's breakthrough album and it sold around 500000 copies. The song Ne želiš kraj was written by former vocalist Ante Toni Janković who previously left the group due to musical differences and was replaced by Alen Islamović.
 The Great American Songbook: Live at Michael's Pub is a 1992 live album by the American jazz singer Mel Tormé.
 100 Dear Jane's debut album was released on August 27 2006. The name 100 is because of the 100 shows they played prior to releasing the album. Their 101st show was on September 17 2006.This album also came with a DVD with some of the band's MVs and a documentary.
 Nights of Ballads & Blues is the third album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner which was released on the Impulse! label in 1963. It features performances by Tyner with Steve Davis and Lex Humphries. The Allmusic review by Stephen Cook states that the album qualifies as one of the pianist's most enjoyable early discs.
 The Peel Session is an EP by Icelandic band múm that was released in 2006. The songs were recorded at Maida Vale Studios for the band's Peel Session first broadcast on 3 October 2002.
 T Shirt is a 1976 album by Loudon Wainwright III. Unlike his earlier records this (and the subsequent 'Final Exam') saw Wainwright adopt a full blown rock band (Slowtrain) - though there are acoustic songs on T-Shirt including a talking blues. Nevertheless it had the misfortune to arrive on the scene at the same time as punk rock making it immediately dated in the eyes of many critics.
 Life In The Dirty District is the second album by Dirty District. the album has more of experimentation than the previous recording as the band cross into more Rap Metal and Techno genres. the album was produced by Dennis Morris who gained fame at a young age for being a photographer for John Lydon. there are also samples from the English version of the 1971 movie The Island of Dr. Moreau which Rap Group house of pain also sampled on their first album Fine Malt Lyrics.
 Once A Jerk Always A Jerk is the debut solo comedy album by prank call artist Kamal Ahmed former member of The Jerky Boys. The album was released in 2000 shortly after Kamal's departure from The Jerky Boys. The album was released by the independent Deep South Records label. In addition to prank calls the album features at least four comedy skits by Kamal.
 Konvergencie (English: Convergence) is the second album by Collegium Musicum released on OPUS in 1971.
 Blown 2 Completion is the third LP from Toronto punk band Brutal Knights released in Canada through Deranged Records.
 Singularity is Mae's third full-length release and their major label debut. The album was originally to be released in April 2007 on Tooth & Nail Records like their previous two albums but the band signed a deal with major label Capitol Records soon after the new album announcement which pushed the release date back to August 14 2007.
 Summer '89 was a various artists hits collection album released in Australia in 1988. The album spent 2 weeks at the top of the Australian album charts in December 1988 / January 1989.
 All Souls Alive is the second studio album by The Blackeyed Susans released in December 1993 on the independent record label Torn and Frayed and distributed by Shock Records.The album features ten tracks eight penned by Phil Kakulas and David McComb as well as the Leonard Cohen/Phil Spector classic Memories and a version of the Johnny Paycheck song Apartment No 9. All Souls Alive was released in America on Frontier Records in April 1994.
 Happiness and All the Other Things is Cross Canadian Ragweed's tenth album. It was released on August 31 2009. The album includes twelve new studio tracks and three live tracks including a cover of Willie Nelson's Angel Flying Too Close To The Ground Soul Agent from the band's 2007 album Mission California and a cover of Kevin Welch's Train To Birmingham.Happiness and All the Other Things is released in commemoration of the band's 15th Anniversary.
 Blue Tattoo is the third album by the Estonian girl band Vanilla Ninja and the last original Vanilla Ninja album released by Bros Records. Following up the successful 2004 album Traces of Sadness Blue Tattoo looks to be the group's most successful album yet with the singles Blue Tattoo (from which the album gets its name) I Know and Cool Vibes on the album.
 The Hustle (2004) was the sixth album released by the trio known as G. Love & Special Sauce. G. Love & Special Sauce are G. Love (lead vocals guitar and harmonica) Jeffrey Clemens (percussion and background vocals) and Jimmy Jazz Prescott (string bass).
 Starring Sammy Davis Jr. is the debut studio album by Sammy Davis Jr. recorded in 1955. Five of the songs on Starring Sammy Davis Jr. had been previously released as singles (Hey There And This Is My Beloved Because of You Glad to Be Unhappy and Birth of the Blues) one of which Hey There had reached the Top 20.Davis was involved in a serious car accident on November 19 1954 that resulted in the loss of his left eye.
 The Radiators is the self-titled tenth album by the American band The Radiators and their sixth studio album released on the Louisiana-based Rattlesby Records label.
 Daft Club is an album by Daft Punk featuring numerous remixes of tracks from their 2001 album Discovery and one from Homework. It was released in 2003 (2004 in the United States).
 KFC Core is the debut album from Tokyo-Brighton based artist DJ Scotch Egg. The album contains 12 tracks of chiptune and breakcore music which was allegedly recorded with a Game Boy a Loudspeaker and effects Pedals. The album also includes the song 'KFC Song' a song of Barbershop music which includes The Pipettes and The Go! Team (that also featured as the B-side to The Pipettes' 7 single of 'Judy').
 Ken Mellons is the self-titled debut album of American country music artist Ken Mellons. Released in 1994 on Epic Records it contains his single Jukebox Junkie a Top Ten hit on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. I Can Bring Her Back and Lookin' in the Same Direction were also released as singles.
 Fill Your Head with Rock (1970) was the third release in the successful CBS Records Rock Machine UK budget sampler album series.
 Different Skies is the 1994 debut album by singer and songwriter Cara Jones who up until its release had operated solely as a songwriter for other artists. The album established Jones as an artist in her own right selling unusual amounts for an indy release and making her the darling of Tokyo radio.[citation needed]
 Introducing Happiness is a 1994 album by Rheostatics.The album includes Claire the band's only Top 40 hit. That song is also featured on the Whale Music soundtrack album.Introducing Happiness was the band's second and final album for Sire Records. Sire found the band's quirky indie rock too quirky and too indie to market effectively despite having a Top 40 hit and dropped the band from the label.It was also Dave Clark's last album with the band.
 Vital Signs 1 was the first album of the Pakistani band Vital Signs. Fresh from the success of their smash hit Dil Dil Pakistan Vital Signs went to work on their debut album with Shoaib Mansoor providing the lyrics to all but 2 songs. Dil Dil Pakistan had unparalleled success something which no song has ever been able to achieve in Pakistan on its way to becoming one of the most famous songs ever written.Rohail Hyatt produced the album his first shot at music production.
 A New and Exact Map is the fourth album by SubArachnoid Space released on October 15 2000 through September Gurls.
 Dancehall Sweethearts is the name of the third studio album by Irish rock band Horslips. Recorded during the 1974 World Cup Finals the songs were loosely based on the travels of the famed 18th century blind harper Turlough O' Carolan.
 Lysandre is the debut album recorded by former-Girls lead vocalist and guitarist Christopher Owens. It was originally released on 14th January 2013 on the Fat Possum record label.Following the posting of a statement on Twitter that he would be leaving Girls on 25th October 2012 Owens announced that he would release his debut solo album titled Lysandre in January 2013.
 The Continuation is the third full-length album by the Japanese band Deathgaze. It was released on September 9 2009.
 For other uses of this phrase see A New World (disambiguation).A New World is Maksim Mrvica's third international album release. It was released on September 12 2005.
 The Hearinga Suite is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams released on the Italian Black Saint label in 1989 and features performances of seven of Abrams compositions by an eighteen member orchestra. Abrams dedicated the music on the album to Steve McCall and Raphael Donald Garrett.
 The soundtrack Just Friends is the musical accompaniment to the 2005 film Just Friends. It was released November 22 2005 on New Line Records.
 Down-to-Earth Art is an avant-garde album by MonoNeon released May 30 2012. This album is composed of six tracks two of them features what he calls microtonal-southern soul.
 Dhoom (Urdu: دھوم literal English translation: blast ) is the second studio album by the Pakistani rock band Call released in January 2011. The album included singles like Laree Chootee (from Ek Chalis Ki Last Local) Yeh Pal (from Aasma: The Sky Is the Limit) and Dharkay Jiya (from Aloo Chaat) which featured in several Bollywood movies as soundtracks. The album also included patriotic songs like Humse Hai Ye Zamana and Aasmaan.
 The Hunger Games: Catching Fire – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the official soundtrack to the 2013 American science-fiction adventure film The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. The movie is an adaptation of the 2009 novel by Suzanne Collins and the sequel of The Hunger Games. The soundtrack was released through Republic Records and Mercury Records on November 19 2013.The album sold 151000 copies in the US in 2013 making it the seventh best-selling soundtrack album for the year.
 Collider is the fourth studio album from Canadian rock musician Sam Roberts released on May 10 2011. It is the first album released under the moniker Sam Roberts Band instead of Sam Roberts. Collider features several guest musicians including Elizabeth Powell (of fellow Montreal band Land of Talk) on Longitude percussionist Ben Massarella (of Califone) and woodwind player Stuart D. Bogie (of Antibalas).
 Bleep to Bleep was the debut album from The Micronauts released in 2000. It showcases the duo's raw electronic and rhythmic style.
 Them Crooked Vultures is the debut studio album by the rock supergroup Them Crooked Vultures that was released on November 16 2009. The first single from the album New Fang was released on October 26 2009 followed by Mind Eraser No Chaser on November 3. The album debuted at number 12 on the Billboard 200 selling 70000 units in the US in its first week.
 The Scorch of Rage is the debut album by Greek groove metal band Bewized released on 25 April 2011 through Casket Music. It was recorded at Noise Factory Studios by Christian Rahm mixed and mastered by Fotis Demertzis at Mix Studios (Thessaloniki Greece).
 Beat the Border is the second studio album from Ugandan artist Geoffrey Oryema. It was released in 1993 through the Real World label.Notable collaborators to Oryema on this album include Jean-Pierre Alarcen (Lead guitar) Brian Eno Manu Katché and Ayub Ogada.The album evokes the spirit and culture of Africa for those who live in first world countries.
 Couples Retreat is the soundtrack to the 2009 American film of the same name directed by Peter Billingsley and starring Vince Vaughn and Jason Bateman. The original score and songs are composed and produced by A. R. Rahman and recorded in the summer of 2009 with the Hollywood Studio Symphony at the Sony Scoring Stage.
 Mutemath: Flesh And Bones Electric Fun is a live concert DVD and album release from New Orleans electro-rock group Mutemath. The video was released by Teleprompt Records and Warner Bros. Records on March 20 2007. The DVD features Mutemath's performance from the Henry Fonda Theatre in Los Angeles that was filmed on their national tour in the Fall of 2006.
 Big Shiny Tunes is a series of rock albums featuring Various Artists compiled and released by the Canadian music television station MuchMusic and through MusiquePlus in Quebec beginning in 1996. The best-selling album of the series was Big Shiny Tunes 2 which was certified Diamond in Canada (1000000 units) by the CRIA on March 25 1998. It has been cited as the best-selling album series in Canadian history with 5 million albums sold in ten years.
 All the Times We Had is the first full-length album released by the band Ivan & Alyosha. The group had released three EPs prior to the release of the album. The album was released on February 26 2013. It was released by Missing Piece Records under license to Dualtone Records. All the Times We Had follows the release of The Cabin Sessions (EP) in 2012 which was released as a special preview to the album.
 Two of a Kind was a 1971 duet album by Porter Wagoner and Dolly Parton. The album reached # 13 on the U.S. country albums charts. The album is unusual in that no single 45rpm releases were issued of any of the songs.
 There Will Never Be Another You is a live album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins recorded at the Museum Of Modern Art in New York City on June 17 1965 and released on the Impulse! label in 1978 featuring a performance by Rollins with Tommy Flanagan Bob Cranshaw Billy Higgins and Mickey Roker.
 Hilia Hronia (Greek: Χίλια Χρόνια; English: A thousand years) is the name of the fourth studio album by Greek musical group C:Real. The album was released in 2004 by Sony BMG Greece in Greece and Cyprus.
 Daiginjō (大吟醸) is the compilation album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima released in March 1996. The album features her most commercially successful singles Between the Sky and You (Sora to Kimi no Aida ni) Shallow Sleep (Asai Nemuri) Wanderer's Song (Tabibito no Uta) and Bad Girl (Akujo) and mainly consists of her singles that came out during the 1990s.
 The Kundalini Target is the debut solo album from Ocean Colour Scene member and Paul Weller collaborator Steve Cradock released in February 2009.The album was recorded by Cradock at Paul Weller's Black Barn recording studio in Surrey with Cradock playing most of the instrumentation on the album with contributions from Paul Weller backing vocals from Cradock's wife Sally together with additional production by former Talk Talk Bass player Paul Webb.Steve Cradock recently described the genesis of the album as thus: It started with me trying to write a song for my two kids. 
 The Golden Hare With A Voice Of Silver a double CD by Coil compiles two Russian compilation albums. Disc One is Пособие для начинающих: Глас Сéребра and Disc Two is Пособие для кончающих: Волос Злата.The catalogue number for this release is Eskaton 29.
 Supernova is an album by The Echoing Green. It primarily features brand-new material along with a few reworked tracks from previous recordings.
 Back It Up!! is a promotional live album from Nils Lofgren initially released 1975. The title of the original vinyl LP was Back It Up!! – Nils Lofgren Live – An Authorized Bootleg. Although the recording was officially released by A&M Records the artwork was designed to give the appearance of a live bootleg recording similar to Decca Records' original vinyl release of the Who's Live at Leeds in 1970 which was a legitimate live album designed to look like a bootleg.
 Slimming Mirrors Flattering Lights is the second album by Canadian indie pop band The Awkward Stage released June 10 2008 on Mint Records.
 Melting Pot is a 1971 studio album recorded by Booker T. & the MG's for Stax Records. It is the last album to feature the group's classic lineup of Jones Cropper Dunn and Jackson and featured longer jam-oriented songs for the first time on an MG's album.
 Psicodeliamorsexo&distorção (English: Psychedeliclovesex&distortion) is the third album by Detonautas released in 2006 by Warner Music.
 Sobrevivir (English: Survive) is the eighth studio album by Puerto Rican recording artist Olga Tañón released on 19 November 2002 by Warner Music Latina. The album was produced by Humberto Gatica Kike Santander and Manuel Tejada. Sobrevivir includes a collection of songs from different genres such as pop music merengue ballads flamenco and tango.
 MK II is the third album by the German power metal band Masterplan so called because it features a new band line-up due to the departure of singer Jørn Lande and drummer Uli Kusch. It's the first and only album to feature former Riot vocalist Mike DiMeo and the first to feature acclaimed drummer Mike Terrana.
 The Last Resort is the debut album by the Danish electronic musician Trentemøller. It was released on October 9 2006. The album debuted as #5 on the Danish Albums Chart. In Denmark The Last Resort was certified platinum in October 2009 for sales over 30000 copies a rare feat for an electronic music album. It is also available in a Limited Edition which includes a bonus disc with some of Trentemøller's previous 12-inch singles.
 Black is Lita Ford's sixth solo album of original material and is a change of style compared to her other albums. Black sees Ford move into other musical styles such as blues and grunge while still maintaining her metal and rock roots. There would be a 14-year gap between Black and her next studio album 2009's Wicked Wonderland.
 Chemical Playschool 10 is an album of old and new unreleased material and a previous version of The Saucers Are Coming from Hallway of the Gods. It was released by The Legendary Pink Dots in 1997.
 ...Depends On What You Mean By Love is an EP by The Blackeyed Susans released in late 1991.
 Mobstability II: Nation Bizness is the second studio album by Chicago-based rappers Twista and his crew the Speedknot Mobstaz (Liffy Stokes & Mayz). It was released May 27 2008; featured guest appearances include Jim Jones Mello Tha Gudda Mann and Toxic.The first buzz-singles from the album were Gangstaz Don't Dance (produced by Drumma Boy) and Money N Murda while the official first single is Money To Blow with a video already out.
 Watermelon Chicken & Gritz is the commercial debut album by Kentucky-based rap sextet Nappy Roots. It was released on February 26 2002 the album was propelled by the hit-single Awnaw which was produced by James Groove Chambers. The second single was Po' Folks featuring Anthony Hamilton which reached #21 on the Billboard Hot 100.The album is certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 Beat Surf Fun is the third studio album from the indiepop band Tullycraft. The entire album was recorded on analog tape at a practice space the band rented in Ballard WA. It is the first record the band released on Magic Marker Records based in Portland OR. The album included the single Wild Bikini and the international indiepop hit Twee. Beat Surf Fun also marks the first appearance of vocalist Jenny Mears who would eventually join Tullycraft.
 Live 2004 is an album recorded live by the Irish folk band Planxty.
 Vet du vad jag vet is a 1994 studio album from Kikki Danielsson & Roosarna. In 1995 the album was awarded a Grammis for best dansband album of 1994. At Svensktoppen the songs Långt bortom bergen and Vet du vad jag vet managed to enter the chart.
 MTV Unplugged +3 is the second live DVD/video release by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey released in the United States on June 26 1992 by Columbia Records. Following the success of Carey's previous two albums and the growing critical commentary on her lack of concert tours and unsubstantial televised performances Sony BMG organized a performance show at the Kaufman Astoria Studios New York on March 16 1992.
 Punky Brüster – Cooked on Phonics (a pun of the literacy program Hooked on Phonics) is the debut studio album by Canadian musician Devin Townsend originally released as Cooked on Phonics under the fictional band name Punky Brüster. It was released on Townsend's label HevyDevy Records on March 19 1996. It is a metal/punk rock parody concept album written by Townsend.
 Thank U is the indie debut album by the South Korean rock band CN Blue. The album was released on March 20 2010 in Japan and the majority of the songs were sung in English with the exception of voice and a.ri.ga.tou. Several of the songs on this album were later released in Korean in the band's debut Korean album First Step. This album is the first of the two indie albums CN Blue released before signing with Warner Music Japan for their major Japanese debut on October 19 2011.
 That's My Word is the tenth album released by rapper Keak da Sneak. It was released on September 13 2005 for Rah Records. The single Super Hyphy made it to #40 on the Billboard's Rhythmic Top 40 chart.
 V Rámci Oného is the first album by the Slovak punk rock/comedy rock band Horkýže Slíže released in October 1997.
 Doppelgänger is the fourth studio album by The Grid. It was released in March 2008 after a break of more than ten years. Guest artists include Robert Fripp on Mighty Heroik and Chris Braide on Closer Be Here With You Fools Rush In and Feed Your Mind.
 Obedience Thru Suffering is the first studio album by the American sludge metal band Crowbar released in 1991.Considered to be their signature sound it is still regarded by many as the band's finest work to date.
 Open is the seventeenth album by Australian improvised music trio The Necks first released on the Fish of Milk label in 2013 in Australia and on the ReR label internationally. Open is a return to the hour-long ambient improvisation of earlier albums which made The Necks famous.
 Water is the 2006 Compilation CD from Australian three-piece band The Beautiful Girls.
 Black Arrows' is a 2003 EP by the Australian band Full Scale released with the band's other EP White Arrows (EP). The EP's were produced by Forrester Savell and were released through Popstar Records.
 Definitive Collection is a compilation album by Europe released on 30 April 1997 by Sony Music.
 Miles Davis' Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Miles Davis released in vinyl in 1969 and released in 1997 in CD.
 Sharon Lois & Bram Sampler is a mini-album/compilation by Sharon Lois & Bram originally released in 1995 under the American Drive Entertainment Inc. label. It is available only on cassette and is extremely hard to find. It was released to promote the release of their 1995 one-and-only CD-ROM game CyberBoogie!.
 Omslag: Martin Kann is the Swedish band bob hund's second full length music album. The album actually has no title but since the words Omslag: Martin Kann (meaning Cover: Martin Kann) can be read on the cover this has become its informal name.
 Around the World (Chinese: 反轉地球; pinyin: Fan Zhuan Di Qiu) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Wilber Pan's (Chinese: 潘瑋柏) fifth Mandarin studio album. It was released by Universal Music Taiwan on 23 June 2006.It features 11 new studio tracks with 2 duets: 戴上我的愛 (Wear My Love) with Wang Luo Dan and 我想更慬你 (Want To Know You) with Yui So.
 Stehplatz.81 was the first EP recorded by William Johansson. It took almost 3 months to complete. According to the artist this album is about: The Time The Exposure The Emotion The Evolution The Truth and The Unknown.
 Declare a New State! is the debut studio album by American Indie pop band the Submarines. It was released on March 14 2006 on the Canadian Nettwerk label. The album was mastered by a friend as a wedding present for band members John Dragonetti and Blake Hazard.
 Glitter 4 Your Soul is the debut solo album by Poison drummer Rikki Rockett released in 2003 (and reissued in 2008). The record features former band member Blues Saraceno on guitars. Poison front man Bret Michaels provides lead vocals for Tear it Down and Rikki Rockett himself sings his first lead vocal on Life's a Gas. The rest of the lead vocals are performed by Rikki's friends (other L.A musicians). The album is a tribute to 70's glam rock.
 The Holy Pictures is a Choice Music Prize-nominated studio album by David Holmes.The track Love Reign Over Me is featured on Series 3 episode 5 Freddie of the U.K. version of Skins. The track Holy Pictures is featured in football video game Pro Evolution Soccer 2010. Theme / I.M.C. previously appeared on the compilation The Oh Yeah Sessions '08 as McCready Rides Again.
 Canciones De Mi Padre (Spanish for Songs Of My Father or My Father's Songs) is American singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt's first album of Mexican traditional Mariachi music. This album was deleted in 2013 - in the United States - after more than 25 years in print.
 Sugar Spider is a 2002 album by Dutch artist Georgina Verbaan credited on the album as Georgina her mononym. It was released on Jive Records and is the debut and the only studio album by Verbaan.
 Mansion Builder released in 1978 is the third studio album from contemporary Christian music group 2nd Chapter of Acts their first for the recently created Sparrow Records. Members of 2nd Chapter of Acts' touring band a band called David also perform on this album.
 Fin de siecle is the second live album by Polish gothic rock band Closterkeller. It was released on February 29 2000 in Poland through Polskie Radio. The album was recorded on October 1999 at Program 3 Polskiego Radia studio Warsaw. The cover art was created by Anja Orthodox and Marti Pietraszkiewicz and fotos by Dariusz Kawka and Anja Orthodox.
 Refused also known as Santa Dog '99 was released by the Residents towards the end of 1999 to celebrate the end of the millennium (using the popular rather than mathematically correct impression of the end of the millennium). The Residents had previously reworked the song Fire (aka Santa Dog) a number of times since the release of the original single in 1972 ostensibly to give an idea of where they were musically at the time.
 Supersized is the debut studio album of drum & bass DJ producer and musician Danny Byrd. It was released on 26 May 2008 through Hospital Records.
 Influencias (English: Influences) is an album by Puerto Rican singer Chayanne released in 1994. The album is a tribute to several artists which have influenced Chayanne through his life.
 The Return of the Durutti Column is the debut studio album by English band The Durutti Column. It was released in January 1980 through record label Factory.
 3 Ships is the fourth solo album by Yes lead singer Jon Anderson released on Elektra Records in 1985. It includes versions of traditional Christmas carols and original material by Yes lead singer Jon Anderson.
 The Plot Against Common Sense is the third studio album by Future of the Left.
 Howdy Moon was the sole album by the band Howdy Moon released in 1974. The band included Valerie Carter Richard Hovey and Jon Lind. The trio of friends moved to Los Angeles where they were signed by A&M Records and played at The Troubadour. Many of the musicians from the band Little Feat are featured on the album.After Howdy Moon disbanded Lowell George produced Just A Stone's Throw Away Valerie Carter's first solo album.
 Vuelta is the sixth album by singer-songwriter Richard Shindell. The album's eighth track So says the Whipporwill is a tribute to the late folk artist Dave Carter.
 This article is about the album by Hector On Stilts. For the Estelle single see Pretty Please (Love Me).Pretty Please is the first album released by Hector On Stilts in 2000.
 The Voice is a solo album by Bobby McFerrin featuring his peculiar style of vocal improvisation. In contrast with his previous Elektra album here the vocalist is unaccompanied by other musicians and no instruments are used on the album. The album is the fruit of a series of solo concerts in Germany.
 Kawaleria Szatana is the third studio album by the Polish heavy metal band Turbo. It was released in 1986 in Poland through Pronit. The album was recorded in from December 1985 to January 1986 at Giełda studio Poznań. The cover art was created by Zbigniew Kosmalski.Kawaleria Szatana is considered to be one of the most important albums in the history of Polish rock.
 Vagabonds and Hooligans is the fifth album by Backyard Tire Fire released on February 6 2007.
 Cold Lake is an album by the Swiss metal band Celtic Frost. It was not popular with the group or its fans and is no longer available to buy making the album much sought after by collectors.
 Sleeping in the Nothing is the second album by Kelly Osbourne. Unlike the pop punk sound of her first album Sleeping in the Nothing features Osbourne singing to '80s-inspired electro beats. For the role of producer Osbourne worked with Linda Perry widely known for working with artists such as Christina Aguilera Pink Courtney Love and Gwen Stefani. The Japanese edition of the album contains a cover of the 1986 Stacey Q song Two of Hearts as a bonus track.
 Tirami Su is an album by Italian-American jazz fusion and Latin jazz guitarist Al Di Meola and the Al Di Meola Project released in 1987. Musicians on this album include longtime associate of Al Di Meola Anthony Jackson on bass guitar Japanese-American pianist Kei Akagi Tommy Brechtlein on drums Minu Cinelu on percussion Jose Renato on vocals and acoustic bass player Harvie S.
 Gamma 1 released in 1979 is Gamma's debut album. It reached #131 on the Billboard Album charts totalling seventeen weeks on the survey. I'm Alive reached #60 on the Billboard singles charts.
 Uneasy Listening is an album released by Eerie Von and Mike Morance in 1996 on Caroline Records. Primarily an instrumental album it was Eerie Von's first recording after leaving Danzig in 1995. The album features a variety of instruments including harpsichord piano and sampled sounds. The vocals on Half a Gurl (Is Better than None) are by Mike Morance.
 God Cries is the fourth album by Asphyx. It was released in 1996 by Century Media Records. Shortly after the release of the album Theo Loomans was killed in a car accident which was probably suicide.
 Instant Clarity is the first solo album of vocalist Michael Kiske (ex-Helloween). The album features guest appearances by Kai Hansen (ex-Helloween Gamma Ray) and Adrian Smith (Iron Maiden).
 With a Smile and a Song was an album featuring Doris Day and Jimmy Joyce and the Children's Chorus recorded from July 7 to 14 1964 and released by Columbia Records on October 19 1964. It was issued as a monophonic album (catalog number CL-2266) and a stereophonic album (catalog number CS-9066).
 Electric Cabaret is the fourth studio album by the Danish dance-pop duo Infernal. It was released on August 11 2008 in Denmark.In advance of the release Infernal posted previews for five songs from the album (apart from the first two singles: Downtown Boys and Whenever You Need Me) on August 8 on their official website. The album debuted at number three in Denmark.
 Hood Politics III: Unsigned Hype is the third installment of several mixtapes in the Hood Politics Mixtape series from rapper Termanology.
 Rearrange EP is the 1998 promotional EP released by God Lives Underwater and is their second EP album.
 The Private Years is a compilation project released by Private Music in 1999. It is a box set that features five of Yanni's albums for Private Music: Reflections of Passion In Celebration of Life Dare to Dream In My Time and Yanni Live at the Acropolis as well as the DVD of his concert film Yanni Live at the Acropolis.
 Tintarella di luna is the first album by Italian singer Mina issued in 1960.
 Truckin' Up to Buffalo is a double CD soundtrack to the DVD video of the same name by the Grateful Dead. It was recorded at Rich Stadium in Orchard Park on July 4 1989. There are no differences in the track listings of the CD and DVD versions. Two tracks had already been released: All Along the Watchtower was included in the compilation of Dylan songs Postcards of the Hanging and Man Smart (Woman Smarter) was released on Weir Here - The Best of Bob Weir.
 Good Southern Girl is the third album from New Orleans singer and fiddler Amanda Shaw. It is Amanda's first release with her new label Poorman Mayfield Music which is co-founded by New Orleans Jazz great Irvin Mayfield.
 New Moon Daughter is a studio album by American jazz singer Cassandra Wilson released in 1995 on Blue Note. It reached No. 1 on the Billboard Top Jazz Albums chart in 1996.
 Time Waits for Everyone is the ninth studio album of the actor Viggo Mortensen released in 2007. It is Viggo's first release to only feature himself playing piano without the collaboration of anyone else. All tracks are improvisations inspired from trips to Hungary Germany Poland Russia and according to Mortensen remembrance of things past.The album was released on Mortensen's label Perceval Press but was later re-released on TDRS Music along with his next album At All.
 No Boundaries is the seventh album from Turkish popstar Sertab Erener. It has been credited with introducing her music to mainland Europe upon its release in 2004 having previously been a huge domestic success in her native country. This album was released in Turkey Spain Italy Germany Austria Switzerland Sweden Belgium Holland Greece Poland Czech Republic Israel Russia Japan and some other countries.
 Chain of Command is the seventh studio album by the American power metal band Jag Panzer. The album was recorded in 1987 and went unreleased at the time yet bootlegged since 1988.It was finally released by Century Media for the first time with new cover art and a remaster job on June 21st 2004. The label released only 5000 copies. Most of the songs have been re-recorded by the classic line-up over the years.
 Antichrist is the fifth and final studio album by English blackened death metal Akercocke released in 2007. It is their third release on Earache Records and the first to feature Peter Benjamin on bass having replaced Peter Theobalds.
 For other uses of this title see Green Dolphin Street (disambiguation).
 Cement is the fourth album by Die Kreuzen released on October 22 1991 through Touch and Go Records.
 Kurva Cum Back is an album by Faktychno Sami (now Qarpa) release in 2004.
 The Legend of 1900 is the soundtrack to the movie of the same name (Italian: La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano The Legend of the Pianist on the Ocean). All of the tracks except for two are by Ennio Morricone. The other songs are Lost Boys Calling by Roger Waters and Morricone and Magic Waltz that has been written by Amedeo Tommasi. There have been two versions of the album released.
 Muswell Hillbillies is the ninth studio album by the English rock group The Kinks released in November 1971. The album is named after the Muswell Hill area of North London where band leader Ray Davies and guitarist Dave Davies grew up and the band formed in the early 1960s.The album centred on themes of poverty and working-class life as well as the destruction and subdivision of old Victorian neighbourhoods—a practice that had become commonplace in North London during the 1970s.
 The Index Masters is a 1991 compilation album from Los Angeles new wave band Wall of Voodoo consisting of the original 1980 EP and live tracks from 1979. In 2005 Rykodisc re-released the CD which made it and Call of the West the only Wall of Voodoo albums in print until 2009 when Dark Continent was rereleased with Call of the West in a 2-CD set.
 The Patsy Cline Story is a double album compilation consisting of American country music singer Patsy Cline's best-known songs between 1961 and 1963. The album was released four months following Cline's death on June 16 1963 but was reissued twice in the next two decades.
 Come into My Life is the debut studio album by Italian Dance music singer Gala released in November 1997. The album was recorded at the Planet Studio in Milan Italy.Four singles were released: Come into My Life Freed from Desire Suddenly and Let a Boy Cry.
 The Duo EP: Volume One is a 2007 album by Kyle Riabko.This record was recorded over just five days in February at VROOM! Studios. All melodic instruments and vocals on the record are by Kyle Riabko. All percussive instruments are by Dylan Thomas Hermiston.
 Such a Funky Thang! is the third album of Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota released on September 30 1988. The album peaked at number one and was certified million. In November 1988 the album's first single Dance If You Want It was released which charted at number 3 on the Oricon Singles. The second single Indigo Waltz was released in January 1989. In March 1989 the third single High Roller was released and charted at number 11 on the Oricon Singles chart.
 The Ghost is a tour-only album by Songs: Ohia. It was recorded by Jason Molina on a boombox at his home in Chicago Illinois USA and released by Secretly Canadian on March 1 1999. It was released as a limited edition of 500 copies and made available on Songs: Ohia's 1999 tour with Drunk.
 Live at Radio City is a live album and video by Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds recorded at Radio City Music Hall on April 22 2007. This was the first release by Matthews and Reynolds since Live at Luther College released in 1999.
 Everything Glows was the seventh album released by Danish rock band D-A-D. The album was released on April 13 2000 and was the first album with new drummer Laust Sonne. With the release of this album the band also changed the spelling of the band from D:A:D to the current D-A-D.
 We Created Our Own Happiness is a psychedelic trance album released by X-Dream in 1997. The title of the album comes from the voice sample in track 6:They created their own society. -- That's right. We created our own happiness that's what we did.The style of music on the album is still similar to Goa trance (unlike their later releases).
 Everything's Eventual is the debut and only album by the duo Appleton who were formerly part of All Saints. Three singles have been released from the album: Fantasy (UK #2) Don't Worry (UK #5) and Everything Eventually (UK #38).The album is named after the Stephen King short story collection Everything's Eventual since Natalie Appleton is a great admirer of him.
 Christmas Classics is the 29th album release from an Australian children's music group The Wiggles. It is a collection of 10 Christmas songs that have been classics recorded throughout their history of the three past Christmas albums. This was also known to be the 4th Christmas album to be released. This is the last album to feature Greg Page as the yellow wiggle who was absent for five years due to an illness. Page returned in 2012.
 Asphalt Massaka 2 is the second album by German rapper Farid Bang. The album was released 12 March 2010 on 313 JWP.
 The Promise is a 1976 solo album by Mike Pinder of The Moody Blues recorded during their sabbatical from 1974 to 1977. It was reissued on CD in August 1989.
 Sweat It Out is the fourth release by the band The Pink Spiders. The album was made available on September 23 2008 through Mean Buzz Records/Adrenaline Music.
 Gianism Best Ofs consists of four best of albums released by Nightmare. The tracks on Gianism ~omae no mono wa ore no mono (ジャイアニズム ～お前の物は俺の物～) and Gianism ~Ore no mono wa ore no mono (ジャイアニズム〜俺の物は俺の物〜) are songs from the band's 'indies' era; they performed these songs during their earlier tours. These two albums were also released as a limited edition double album. The album Gianism ~Nightmare no Kuse ni Namaikidazo~ consists of their best of songs after they went major.
 The In Sound is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1965 and released on the Atlantic label. The album features Harris' first recording of Freedom Jazz Dance which would become a jazz standard after featuring on Miles Davis' album Miles Smiles (Columbia 1966).
 Mojave is the seventh full-length album from alternative rock band Concrete Blonde.
 Made in USA is the third and latest studio album by the Bulgarian heavy metal band Ahat. The album was released on 19 May 2004 alongside a documentary of the same name. The album is said to be the first Bulgarian rock album recorded entirely inside the US. All 10 songs in the album are in English.The track Purple Dreams was previously released in 1999 in Bulgarian as Rozovi mechti.
 Mess is the seventh studio album by experimental rock trio Liars released on Mute Records on 24/25 March 2014. In a press release singer Angus Andrew said the recording process had been almost the exact opposite of creating their last album WIXIW and that instead of being doubtful work on the new album has been immediate fun instinctual and confident.
 Radio Rizzox is an album by Catarrhal Noise. The song Bira Vin Wisky Graspa was later re-recorded in the album Te spùo so 'na recia.
 Clang of the Yankee Reaper is a 1976 album by Van Dyke Parks containing only one original Parks composition. It continues his exploration of Calypso music started in the previous album Discover America. In particular it contains several songs by The Mighty Sparrow and Lord Kitchener as well as a diverse selection of past and present music in the tradition of the Americas.Parks has reflected harshly of the album years later describing it as brain dead.
 Jacques is the fifth studio album by the British singer/songwriter Marc Almond. It was released in December 1989. The album is a tribute to the Belgian singer-songwriter Jacques Brel and was instigated by Almond's collaboration with Paul Buck who adapted Brel's original non-English lyrics specifically for Almond.The songs for the album were recorded at Milo Studios London over four years.
 Rarities/B-Sides is the first compilation album by The Raveonettes and it was released December 15 2011 on 500 CD and 500 double 180 gram LP.
 Let Yourself Go is Kristin Chenoweth's debut solo album released in 2001. The backing orchestra is Robert Fisher and the Coffee Club Orchestra. The fifth track Hangin' Around with You features actor Jason Alexander.
 Dear John C. is an album by American jazz drummer Elvin Jones featuring performances recorded in 1965 for the Impulse! label. The John C. mentioned in the title is John Coltrane. The album was also released on SACD.
 LoveJo (stylized as #LoveJo) is an extended play by American recording artist JoJo. It was released for digital download on February 14 2014 as a free Valentine's Day gift for JoJo's fans for all their support over the years. It is JoJo's first official release since she was released from her contract with Blackground Records and signed to Atlantic Records.
 Ruja is the self-titled debut EP by Estonian rock band Ruja.
 Recorded by Len Milne at 234 Main Street in Winnipeg Manitoba Canada Live at the High & Lonesome Club is the fourth album from The Perpetrators. The follow-up to 2007's Tow Truck it is the second Pepetrators' album to feature Chris MAMA Bauer on drums alongside founding members J Nowicki and Ryan Menard.
 No Control is the fourth album by American punk rock band Bad Religion released on November 2 1989 through Epitaph Records. Bad Religion began work on the album while touring in support of its previous album Suffer (1988). No Control is stylistically faster than its predecessor owing more to hardcore punk.
 Love 2 is the sixth studio album by French music duo Air. The album was released on 30 September 2009 in Japan and in the first week of October in the rest of the world. It is the first production recorded at their own recording facility Atlas Studio.
 Mylo Xyloto /ˈmaɪloʊ ˈzaɪlətoʊ/ is the fifth studio album by British alternative rock band Coldplay. It was first released on 19 October 2011 by EMI and later worldwide on 24 October. The band collaborated closely with acclaimed producer Brian Eno following their successful collaborations on Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends the band's fourth studio album.Mylo Xyloto is a concept album and a thematic rock opera.
 Workin' on a Groovy Thing is an album by Brazilian guitarist Bola Sete released in 1970 through Paramount Records. It contains Bettina which has been sampled by popular artists such as Lovage Will Smith and A Tribe Called Quest.
 Boogie-Woogie String Along for Real is the final album recorded by jazz multi-instrumentalist Rahsaan Roland Kirk featuring performances by Kirk with string section and orchestra. It was recorded in 1977 following a stroke which left him partially paralysed.The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states The final album Rahsaan Roland Kirk ever recorded remains one of his finest. Post-stroke Kirk struggled with his conception of the music he was trying to make.
 Tranceport 3 is an LP released by Sandra Collins in 2000 third in the Tranceport series. It was released on Kinetic Records.
 Ella à Nice is a 1972 (see 1971 in music) live album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald accompanied by a jazz trio led by the pianist Tommy Flanagan. This recording remained unreleased until early the 1980s.
 1798 – The First Year of Liberty is an album of traditional Irish songs relating to the 1798 rebellion by the United Irishmen. All songs are sung by Frank Harte and some are accompanied on bouzouki guitar and occasional bodhrán by Donal Lunny.
 The Soul is in the Software is the second full-length album by Icon of Coil; it was released in 2002.
 TGV is a limited edition 7 DVD set of archival footage of the English industrial band Throbbing Gristle. Included in this set were some of Throbbing Gristle's live performances as well as rehearsals and short films. The release was limited to 2000 copies and was initially only available direct from the band's websitebut later some sellers were offering it online too.
 High Spirits is the fifth album by Jamaican saxophonist Joe Harriott featuring selections from the musical High Spirits written by Hugh Martin and Timothy Gray which was recorded in England in 1964 and released on the British Columbia label.
 ALT is the most recent studio album by English progressive rock band Van der Graaf Generator. It was released 25 June 2012. There are only instrumental songs on the album.
 Wired World of Sports is the second album released by The Twelfth Man. Released in 1987 it reached number one on the ARIA Album Charts.
 To Live Forever is the third album by Finnish metal band Tarot released in 1993 by Bluelight Records. It is also the first album to feature the band's new keyboardist Janne Tolsa who has replaced former guitarist Mako H. The album also includes a Black Sabbath cover Children of the Grave.
 A tribute to the historical character that has contributed to the creation of the myth of the vampire which gave inspiration to Bram Stoker for his famous novel. With these compositions we wish to celebrate the 570 years of the birth of an immortal myth that has become for many the main reference in the compiling of literary works as well as musical theatrical and all other forms of art.
 Urban Legendz is Skatterman & Snug Brim's second album. The album's only single Block Party reached number 24 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles Sales chart.
 The Bird Who Ate the Rabbit's Flower is an EP by indie rock band Of Montreal. The five tracks were later re-released on their EP The Bird Who Continues to Eat the Rabbit's Flower.
 Unearthed the first album composed by E.S. Posthumus was originally made available for purchase online through the CD Baby website in January 2001. It became the third-biggest selling album in CDBaby's history. The success of the album prompted the wide re-release to retail in May 2005 through Wigshop and 33rd Street Records/Bayside Distribution.A key piece to the distinctive sound of the music comes from working with the Northwest Sinfonia.
 A-Sides B-Sides & Suicides is a compilation album by the Finnish metal band Charon. It was released on June 22 2010 containing old material as well as unreleased stuff such as b-sides and their first unreleased demo. The demo is very atypical for the band – it consists of black metal recordings without the vocals of JP Leppäluoto.
 Aseptic White released with Dreamcell_11/Aural Music is the first full length album of the Italian industrial metal band Digitalis Purpurea. Recorded in winter 2007/2008 was released on October 2 2008 with a worldwide distribution.
 Real Live Thing is a live album from Finnish rock band Kingston Wall which was compiled by Jukka Jylli.
 C Album is the third studio album of the Japanese duo KinKi Kids. It was released on August 4 1999 and debuted at the top of the Oricon charts selling 451230 copies in its first week. The album was certified double platinum by the RIAJ for 800000 copies shipped to stores in Japan.
 Le baiser (The Kiss) is the fifth studio album by French new wave band Indochine. It was released in 1990 and is the follow-up album to 7000 Danses (1987).
 Fearful Symmetry is a 1986 album by rock band Daniel Amos released on Frontline Records.Fearful Symmetry is a lush synthesizer driven pop album lyrically wrapped in puzzles that the listener has to decipher. Nearly every song on Fearful Symmetry in some way deals with pain or darkness - from the William Blake-inspired Sleep Silent Child a song about death to Strong Points Weak Points a song about doubt. The album title comes from a line in The Tyger by Wm. Blake.
 Chain Reaction is the only album by Canadian band Luba featuring Luba Kowalchyk as vocalist. It was produced by Tony Green for his own label. The album contains songs in the early New Wave music style. It was made available on compact disc in 1996. Note that initially Luba was the name of the band and not Luba Kowalchyk's stage name. In 1982 Luba Kowalchyk was signed by Capitol Records as the artist Luba and the remaining members served as her backup band.
 I Am the Club Rocker is the second studio album by Romanian recording artist Inna. It was released on September 19 2011 and produced by Inna's longtime producing team Play & Win. The album features a new retro sound and was previously known as Powerless but Inna personally dismissed the rumor with a tweet.
 Buildings is the debut album by Northern Ireland trio General Fiasco and which was released on 22 March 2010. The band launched the album at the Mandela Hall in Belfast on the night of 21 March. The album appeared briefly at number 77 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Live'r Than You'll Ever Be is a recording of a show by The Kleptones at the 2007 Bestival. The title is taken from the celebrated 1969 Rolling Stones bootleg.
 Day Dreams is the title of a Doris Day album released by Columbia Records on June 13 1955. The catalog number was CL-624. Eight of the twelve tracks had previously been issued as a 10 LP under the title You're My Thrill.
 Bringing It All Back Home is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan released on March 27 1965 by Columbia Records. The album is divided into an electric and an acoustic side. On side one of the original LP Dylan is backed by an electric rock and roll band—a move that further alienated him from some of his former peers in the folk song community.
 The Best of Cameo is a compilation album released by the funk/R&B group Cameo in 2004. It is not to be confused with the 1993 release The Best of Cameo. However it is a repackaging of the 1998issue of Best of Cameo but with The added to the album's title even using the same cover art. A more complete career-spanning compilation Gold was released in 2005. <
 Mirror Moves is the fourth studio album by the English rock band The Psychedelic Furs recorded and released in 1984. Drummer Vince Ely had left the group leaving Richard Butler and Tim Butler along with guitarist John Ashton to carry on. For this project producer Keith Forsey handled the drumming. The album included the dance hit Heartbeat and the chart hits Heaven and The Ghost in You. Despite substantial success internationally Heaven was not released as a single in America.
 Heads & Tales is the first studio album by the American singer/songwriter Harry Chapin released in 1972.
 All Work & No Play is the demo CD released by the Christian rock band Relient K in 1998. It caught the attention of dcTalk's Toby McKeehan who subsequently signed them to Gotee Records.Seven of the eleven tracks on this album were eventually remade on either then band's first or second full-length albums.
 Breedgreedbreed is the third album from Finnish metal band Misery Inc. released by Finnish record label Johanna Kustannus (Megamania) on October 10 2007. The album was recorded at Soundtrack Recording Studio & Monttu's by Mikko Herranen during May-July 2007. Album was mixed & produced by Mikko Herranen. Mastered by Svante Forsbäck at Chartmakers Oy.
 Live at the Ryman: The Greatest Show Ever Been Gave is the fourth live album (and thirteenth overall) from Robert Earl Keen. The recording was released via Koch Records on July 11 2006 in the United States and six days later in the United Kingdom.A version of the recording was also released on DVD and includes footage of the concert.
 Vintage Slide Collections From Seattle Vol 1 is the debut album from the Trachtenburg Family Slideshow Players. It was released in 2001. The album is enhanced with two slideshow videos of Mountain Trip to Japan 1959 and Eggs that can only be played on a computer. The original version self released by the band in 2001 does not feature the enhanced content and does not feature Rachel Trachtenburg on backing vocals.
 Sugarhill Gang is the self-titled debut album by influential rap group The Sugarhill Gang.
 Tossing Seeds (Singles 89–91) is an album by Superchunk compiling a number of their earliest 7 singles and EPs.
 A Giant Alien Force More Violent & Sick Than Anything You Can Imagine is a 2002 Venetian Snares EP released on the Hymen label consisting of one fifteen-and-a-half minute long experimental breakcore track (the track happens to have a 15/4 time signature). The packaging consists of a jewellery box-style case containing a 3 CD and a working television-shaped View-Master with a slide show of artwork from Hymen label owner Stefan Alt AKA Salt.
 Waiting for you (Chinese: 在這裡等你; pinyin: zai zhe li deng ni) is the third and final Mandarin studio album of Taiwanese Mandopop quartet boy band F4. Two versions of the album were released on 28 December 2007 by Sony Music Taiwan: Waiting For You (Await Your Love Edition) (在這裡等你 等待摯愛版) and Waiting For You (Feel Your Heart Edition) (在這裡等你 體驗真心版).
 Milkmaid Grand Army is the debut release by the US band Midlake. The EP was originally released in 2001 by the band in a limited edition of 1000 before they signed to Bella Union.
 This article describes an album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 37 or Now 37 was released on 2 July 2004. The album is the 37th edition of the South African Now! series.
 Orchestral Works is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington with the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra conducted by Erich Kunzel recorded and released on the Decca label in 1970.
 29 is the eighth studio album by alt-country singer-songwriter Ryan Adams released on December 19 2005 on Lost Highway. Produced by Ethan Johns and recorded prior to the formation of backing band The Cardinals the album was the last of three released in 2005. Session guitarist JP Bowersock would later go on to join the Cardinals subsequently recording Cold Roses and Jacksonville City Nights alongside Adams.
 This is a split 7 released by Impaled and Cephalic Carnage on Headfucker Records.
 Cables' Vision is a studio album by jazz pianist George Cables released in 1980 on Contemporary Records. It features legendary trumpeter Freddie Hubbard among others.
 New Best Friends is the official debut album by Mansions.The album was produced recorded and mixed by Mike Sapone (Brand New Taking Back Sunday Straylight Run).
 Doomed for Live – Reunion 2002 is a live album by Candlemass.Recorded at Stockholm's Klubben on August 31 2002
 Lace Up is the debut studio album by American rapper MGK released on October 9 2012 through Bad Boy and Interscope Records. The album features guest appearances from Alex Fitts Anna Yvette Blackbear Bun B Cassie DMX Dubo Ester Dean Lil Jon M. Shadows Planet VI Synyster Gates Tech N9ne Twista Waka Flocka Flame and Young Jeezy along with the bands Avenged Sevenfold and The Kickdrums. The album includes productions by Alex da Kid and JP Did This 1.
 Long Wave is the second solo album recorded by Jeff Lynne.
 Okinawa no Kaze (沖縄の風 Okinawan Wind) is a compilation album released by Rimi Natsukawa on February 25 2004 (2004-02-25) marketed as an Okinawan song cover album.
 Suicide at Strell Park is the debut release by the American alternative rock band The Autumns.
 Ghosts Upon the Earth is the second album by Christian band Gungor and the seventh album self-produced by singer Michael Gungor. This album received a nomination at 54th Grammy Awards for Best Contemporary Christian Music Album.
 The Olatunji Concert: The Last Live Recording is the Impulse! Records-released final live recording of saxophonist John Coltrane recorded April 23 1967 at the Olatunji Center of African Culture in New York and released posthumously on Compact Disc. The album consists of two songs—Ogunde which Coltrane also recorded for his final self-approved album Expression and an especially free-form My Favorite Things which Coltrane had performed live regularly since 1960.
 American Spirit is an album released on American Gramaphone in 2003 (see 2003 in music) as a collaboration between Mannheim Steamroller and country musician C. W. McCall. The album focuses on American patriotic songs hence the title. McCall contributed to a number of spoken word songs on the album and rerecorded his 1976 hit song Convoy for it; this was also the case with another song of his Wolf Creek Pass which can be found on the album.
 Dog's Blood is an extended play by the Canadian post-hardcore band Alexisonfire. The EP was released on October 31 2010. Dog's Blood is a collection of four experimental songs that are ostensibly different-sounding to the band's previously released material. It was the band's penultimate release before their break up in 2011.
 Melankton was the debut album by Norwegian singer Kate Havnevik featuring the single Unlike Me as featured on the TV show Grey's Anatomy. The album was released in her home country of Norway on April 10 2006 before being issued in the UK accompanied by a bonus track entitled Travel In Time which was written and produced with Carmen Rizzo (and featured in an episode of TV show The O.C. in 2005). Rizzo also helped mix some tracks and master the record.
 Fire on the Bayou is the sixth album by the funk band The Meters.
 Simple Math is the third studio album from Atlanta-based indie rock band Manchester Orchestra. It was released on May 10 2011 through independent label Favorite Gentlemen Recordings itself distributed by Sony Music Entertainment.
 Code B is the second solo studio album by the German singer Bela B.. The album was released on 2 October 2009.
 1916 Live...Everything Louder than Everything Else is a 1991 live video featuring Motörhead's performance recorded at the Deutsches Museum in Munich Germany on 11 March 1991. Most of the material was recorded in grainy b/w en vogue at the time. However some scenes were recorded in colour or have some colour in them. The initial UK release has a sticker on the front inviting fans to send off for a free poster.
 Shouldn't a Told You That is the third album by American country band Dixie Chicks released in 1993 (see 1993 in music). It was their third and final album for the Crystal Clear Sound label and last to feature singer-bassist Laura Lynch. This album was five years before the release of their 1998 breakthrough album Wide Open Spaces.The title track Shouldn't a Told You That was written by Walter Hyatt of the famed Austin cult classic band Uncle Walt's Band.
 The Vogues' Greatest Hits was an LP album by The Vogues released by Reprise Records in 1970 under catalog number RS 6371. For this collection arranger Ernie Freeman wrote orchestral parts to overdub the original Co & Ce masters of You're The One Five O'Clock World and Magic Town since all the Reprise songs were orchestrated. Three of the twelve tracks make their album debut in this compilation: Magic Town Green Fields and See That Girl
 Top Katz is the second studio album released by British duo PJ & Duncan now better known as Ant & Dec. The album was recorded during 1994 and 1995 and included the duo's cover of The Monkees song Stepping Stone. The album was released in November 1995 peaking at #46 on the UK Albums Chart and being certified Gold in the UK by the BPI.
 Blizzard is the first EP of the French collective Fauve on their own Fauve Corp label. It was released on May 20 2013. The songs were known since 2011 on the web. Besides the CD and digital downloads Vinyl LP was also released. The vinyl included a coupon to allowfree digital downloads for purchasers of the vinyl version.
 A Call And Response is the debut album by British alternative rock band The Longcut released in the UK in June 2006 through Deltasonic Records.
 Imagination is a compilation album from Dick Haymes released in 1982.Tracks 3 7 21-26 with the Carmen Dragon Orchestra (recorded in LA 1949).Tracks 2 4-6 27 with Al Lerner and his Orchestra (recorded in LA 29.09 1952). The CD version includes 14 additional tracks.
 Redux '92: Live in Japan is an album by the rock band Utopia recorded live in May 1992 and released in early 1993. It captures the reunion 6 years following disbanding of the group featuring 16 tracks ostensibly the best of as selected by the members Todd Rundgren Roger Powell Kasim Sulton and John Willie Wilcox. A companion video of the same performance was released on DVD and VHS tape.
 The Gone Wait is the 35th album by Jandek and the first of two released in 2003 It is Corwood Industries release #0773 and is the first release to feature the artist accompanying himself on fretless electric bass rather than on his usual acoustic or electric guitar. The album's title was also the name of a song on Jandek's 1993 release Twelfth Apostle
 Hustlers Convention is an album recorded by Jalal Mansur Nuriddin under the pseudonym Lightnin' Rod. The album was a major influence on hip hop music and combined poetry funk jazz and toasting. Hustlers Convention helped add a sociopolitical element to black music. The album narrates the story of two fictional hustlers named Sport and Spoon.
 Anatomy of Distort is an album by Hwyl Nofio.
 Polnočné otázky: 16 Naj 1984-1993 (English: The Midnight Questions: 16 Best 1984-1993) also known as Top 16 is the second compilation album by Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1993. The set featured a new track Novembrové chryzantémy.
 The Final Frontier is a 1986 album by the American glam metal band Keel. It was the band's second album to be produced by KISS bassist Gene Simmons. Videos were filmed for the tracks Because the Night (a Patti Smith Group cover) and Tears of Fire.
 Now That's What I Call Disney is a compilation album from the Now! series released in the United Kingdom as a 3-disc set on November 21 2011. It was re-released the following year with a bonus disc of Disney-related Christmas songs. An abbreviated single-disc version was released in the United States on November 6 2012. The UK version takes songs from the vast Disney library from its animated classics Pixar films and live-action performances from Hannah Montana and High School Musical.
 III is the third studio album by Maylene and the Sons of Disaster. It was released June 23 2009 and all pre-orders shipped on June 18 2009. The first single from the album is Just A Shock which was uploaded to the band's MySpace as a promo for the album. About a week before the album's release another song was released to the public: Step Up (I'm On It). On June 19 the album was leaked in its entirety onto the internet.
 Básico is the first live album (and third album overall) from Spanish singer Alejandro Sanz. Básico was released in promotion of Si Tú Me Miras. The album features a concert recorded in 1993 in which he gave an acoustic treatment to the hits of Viviendo Deprisa and Si Tú Me Miras. The album was originally a limited edition but after the success of the album Más it was re-edited on May 26 1998.
 The Pictorial Jackson Review is the eighth album by English alternative rock band Felt released in 1988.Unusually the first side of the record consisted of short indie pop songs with the second side containing just two instrumentals by keyboardist Martin Duffy. The name of the album is a play on the character Pictorial Review Jackson from Jack Kerouac's novel Pic.
 Orange is the soundtrack to the 2010 Telugu romantic film Orange directed by Bhaskar and starring Ram Charan Genelia D'Souza and Shazahn Padamsee. The soundtrack album includes six tracks composed by Harris Jayaraj marking his first collaboration with Bhaskar and Ram Charan. The soundtrack album was released on October 26 2010. The release coincided with a promotional event held at Shilpakala Vedika in Hyderabad India. It was released and marketed by Aditya Music.
 Morning Sun is the 2002 EP from Australian three-piece band The Beautiful Girls.This was the debut album an independent release distributed by MGM Distribution.
 The Philosophy Of Sound And Machine was a compilation CD released on the record label Applied Rhythmic Technology (ART) in cooperation with Rephlex. The album is unique due to the Aphex Twin tracks which were produced under various aliases. It is not uncommon for the compilation to fetch very high prices on eBay.
 In a Different Light is a 2009 album by the band Everclear. It is the band's first album with label 429 Records. The album is a collection of older Everclear songs from previous albums performed in a more stripped down and acoustic fashion with one new song At the End of the Day.In a Different Light was released in the United States on October 6 2009.
 Sarah Buxton is the self-titled debut album by American country singer Sarah Buxton. It was released on February 23 2010 via Lyric Street Records. The album's only single Outside My Window was released in June 2009 and was a Top 25 hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart reaching a peak of number 23 in March 2010. The album also includes Buxton's previous three singles that were released on her extended-play Almost My Record.
 Moving Pictures is the eighth studio album by Canadian rock band Rush. It was recorded and mixed from October to November 1980 at Le Studio located in Morin Heights Quebec Canada and released on February 12 1981.Moving Pictures became the band's biggest selling album in the US rising to #3 on the Billboard charts and remains the band's most popular and commercially successful studio recording to date.
 Easy Beat is the third album by Dr. Dog. It was released March 15 2005. It was the first release on Park the Van Records as well as the band's first official release on a record label.
 Live at the Fitzgerald is the first live album (third album including studio albums) released by the rock n' roll jam band The Big Wu. It was released at their third annual Family Reunion on Memorial day weekend in 2000. It was recorded at the historic Fitzgerald Theater in downtown St. Paul on April 21 2000.
 Just Missed the Train is a Danielle Brisebois compilation album released on September 26 2006. It contains numerous tracks from her 1994 debut Arrive All Over You and the rare B-sides Sinking Slow Pretty Baby and an acoustic version of Just Missed the Train.
 Dippin' is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley released on the Blue Note label in 1965.
 Paparazzi Lightning is an album by Ghostland Observatory released in January 2006 under Trashy Moped Recordings.
 Playing to Win is the eighth studio album by Little River Band released on One Way Records. This album is the second studio album with John Farnham as lead vocalist and the first to be recorded by the band in the United States. Both Farnham (2003) and Little River Band (2004) are ARIA Hall of Fame inductees. The album peaked at No.
 Como Swings was Perry Como's fifth RCA Victor 12 long-play album released in 1959 and the third recorded in full living stereophonic sound. The album's concept was one of swing standards from the Great American Songbook set to loud complex booming arrangements which only the new high fidelity stereophonic vinyl records could properly reproduce. The album was in part recorded to showcase and test the limits of the new technology.
 To Kati (The Something) is an album by popular Greek artist Katy Garbi. It was released on April 10 2000 by Sony Music Greece and went four times platinum in Greece and three times in Cyprus. It ranks as one of the best selling albums of the decade. This is a farewell album of Phoebus under his contract with Sony Music Greece. The album contains seven new hits while the rest are greatest hits of their partnership. All of the songs were composed by Phoebus (songwriter).
 7 Deadly Zens is a solo album from Styx guitarist/vocalist Tommy Shaw. It was released in 1998 by CMC International Records.
 ...Last the Evening is the third solo studio album by the American artist Carrie Akre.
 The Volunteers is the second full length album by onelinedrawing and the last Jonah Matranga release under that name to date. Jonah has stated that this is his favourite release[citation needed] seeing it as something that explains himself to his fans. The CD also included the demo versions of the final songs along with other bonus material and artwork by Rohner Segnitz.
 G3: Live in Tokyo is another G3 live performance which featured John Petrucci along with Joe Satriani and Steve Vai in the 2005 G3 tour. It was released as double live album and as a DVD with extra material: G3 Soundcheck (15:01) featuring commentary by Joe Satriani Steve Vai and John Petrucci. In this tour Petrucci presented his first solo album Suspended Animation.
 Over and Over released in 2005 is the second album from Los Angeles California pop / rock band The 88. The album includes the song Hide Another Mistake which has been featured on The O.C. Kyle XY and How I Met Your Mother.
 Whitehorse is the self-titled album from Whitehorse a band consisting of Melissa McClelland and Luke Doucet. The album was released on August 30 2011 in Canada by Six Shooter Records. It was made available for digital download on August 9 2011.
 Foolish is the soundtrack to the film of the same name. It was released on March 23 1999 through No Limit Records and was mainly produced by Beats By the Pound. The soundtrack proved to be fairly successful peaking at #32 on the Billboard 200 and #10 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. It was certified gold by the RIAA on April 27 1999 for sales of over 500000 copies.
 Malicious Intent is the third album released in 1986 by Canadian speed/thrash metal band Razor.
 Ceerial Port is the name of the 2006 EP by Ceephax Acid Crew.
 John Sebastian Live is a recording of a July 1970 concert performance by American singer/songwriter John Sebastian released in September of that year by MGM Records.The album is noteworthy as it was only available for sale for about two months in 1970 making it a relative rarity in Sebastian's catalog.
 Everybody Hates You is the second full-length studio album by the Norwegian aggrotech band Combichrist. The album has more complex lyric-based songs as well instrumentals using sampled dialogue. Most of the non-sampled vocals are portrayed by Andy LaPlegua. The second CD is available in a special digipack edition and is different in sound to the standard CD: it contains dark ambient tracks (except for The Undertaker and Red Signal). The track listing shown on the CD itself is incorrect.
 Keep the Ball Rolling is the fourth studio album by Bryn Haworth.
 Omnicide is an anarcho-punk 7 EP by the band Oi Polloi. It was released in 1991 by Words of Warning Records. The initial run of the record sold out and was never re-released.
 Transition is an album of music by jazz saxophonist John Coltrane recorded in 1965 but released posthumously only in 1970. As its title indicates Transition was a bridge between classic quartet recordings like A Love Supreme and the more experimental works of Coltrane's last years.
 Greatest Hits by Buddy Holly is a collection released in 1996 by MCA records. The songs were taken from Holly's three original albums The Chirping Crickets Buddy Holly and That'll Be the Day. It includes top ten hits Peggy Sue and Oh Boy! along with number one hit That'll Be the Day.
 Rugrats Holiday Classics was released October 12 2004 and is the fourth and final Rugrats album by the cast of the Rugrats.It is a holiday CD which features spoofs of the traditional songs Twelve Days of Rugrats [Inspired by Twelve Days of Christmas] and Jingle Babies [Inspired by Jingle Bells].
 Stop Girl is the 7th Mini Album by South Korean boy band U-KISS. The title track is Stop Girl and it is the first album without new member AJ who went on hiatus to Columbia University. The music video for Stop Girl was released September 19 2012.
 Rivers and Homes is the second full-length album by J.Viewz. It was released in 2011 in CD digital download and USB flash drive form. The flash drive comes with both preceding releases too.The album was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2011 in the Best Recording Package category.Electronic music duo Pegboard Nerds released a moombahcore remix of the song Far Too Close in June 2013.
 Set It Off: Music From the New Line Cinema Motion Picture is the soundtrack to the 1996 crime film Set It Off. It was released on September 24 1996 by Eastwest Records and featured production from several of hip hop and R&B's top producers such as Organized Noize DJ U-Neek and DJ Rectangle.
 Silence Is Golden is A Thorn for Every Heart's first EP. It contains either six or seven tracks depending on the version. The original version contains Intro as track #1 and Next of Kin as track #2. On later versions those two tracks were combined as track #1. The primary song writers were Jeff Harber Joel Holt and Aaron Peck. Kelvin Cruz was the primary lyricist.
 Here Hear III. is an EP by La Dispute self-released on December 25 2009. Unlike the previous two EPs in the series Here Hear III. was recorded in Brad Vander Lugt's basement.
 Emergency Ward! is a 1972 album released by Nina Simone. The title of the record is rendered as Emergency Ward on the record label itself but as Emergency Ward! on the cover sleeve. The sleeve also bears the text Nina Simone in Concert.
 Ultra. Dance 01 is a dance compilation album from Ultra Records released as part of the label's Ultra.Dance series. It was released on January 22 2002 and mixed by Johnny Vicious.
 Sleepyhead is the fourth album by The Brothers Creeggan.It was released in 2002 and was produced by The Brothers Creeggan and David Traverse-Smith.
 Hits 8 is a 33-track compilation album released in the summer of 1988 by CBS WEA and BMG Records in the UK. It was released as a double LP MC and CD. Also known as The Hits Album 8 the compilation was successful and reached #2 in the UK Albums Chart (held off by its rival album Now 12) and achieved a Platinum BPI award.The Desireless track Voyage Voyage had previously appreared in its original mix on Hits 7.A video selection The Hits Video 8 was also released on VHS.
 A Piece of What You Need is the fourth studio album by singer-songwriter Teddy Thompson. The album contains all new Teddy originals and was produced by Marius De Vries whom Teddy met while recording background vocals on Rufus Wainwright's Want records in 2002. Included are new songs Teddy had been testing out live such as Turning the Gun On Myself In My Arms and Can't Sing Straight.The album debuted on the UK Albums Chart at #10.
 In a Space Outta Sound is an album by Nightmares on Wax released on 7 March 2006 (see 2006 in music).
 Double Dose is the fourth album by American rapper Tela. It was released on October 8 2002 as his final album through Rap-a-Lot Records. Double Dose was also Tela's final charting album peaking at 116 on the Billboard 200 and 18 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Keith Urban is the first studio album by New Zealand-born country music singer Keith Urban. It was released only in Australia in 1991. It was later released worldwide in 2005 by EMI Music. Urban later recorded Clutterbilly as a member of the band The Ranch in 1997. Only You was made into a music video in 1991.The album charted at number 98 in Australia.
 Veils It White is an EP by Sunn O))) mixed by James Plotkin utilizing material recorded during the sessions for the band's third album Flight of the Behemoth.
 Drag is the first full length album by the Red Aunts. It was released in 1993 on Sympathy for the Record Industry.
 Down to the Moon is Andreas Vollenweider's fifth studio album released in 1986. It was re-released in 2005 and again in 2006.
 Menq Enq Ays Sarerệ (Armenian: Մենք Ենք Այս Սարերը We are these mountains) or by its English title We and our Mountains is the debut album by Armenian folk singers Inga and Anush.
 Remember You're A Womble was the second album released by The Wombles. The songs were recorded by Mike Batt (vocals/keyboards) with session musicians Chris Spedding (guitars) Les Hurdle (bass) Clem Cattini (drums) Ray Cooper (percussion) Rex Morris (sax) Eddie Mordue (sax) and Jack Rothstein (violin).After the success of the previous album Wombling Songs Batt experimented with more character songs in a variety of musical styles.
 Back and Fourth is the fourth full-length release from singer/songwriter Pete Yorn.
 Back Country Suite is the debut album by blues/jazz pianist and vocalist Mose Allison which was recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label. The album features the first recording of Allison's Young Man Blues (titled simply Blues) which was later covered by The Who on their album Live at Leeds.
 Billie Ray Martin's 2002 release consists of twelve remixes some previously unreleased of four tracks that appeared in their original form on her 2001 album 18 Carat Garbage. Featured remixers include Junior Vasquez Matthias Heilbronn and Oliver Moldan.
 Reba Nell McEntire is Reba McEntire's eleventh album a collection of songs recorded in her time at Mercury Records but not released until her departure from the label. It features songs that were most likely deemed not good enough to include on an album. They found their way onto this disc along with some b-sides. However this album did leave out 7 other songs that were later released in 1994 on the Oklahoma Girl album. No singles were released from this album.
 Apollo Kids is the ninth studio album by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan-member Ghostface Killah released on December 21 2010 by Def Jam Recordings. Guests on the album include several Wu-Tang members and affiliates as well as Redman Black Thought Busta Rhymes Joell Ortiz and Game among others. Apollo Kids is the follow-up to Ghostface's R&B-oriented Ghostdini: Wizard of Poetry in Emerald City (2009) and serves as a return to the characteristic Wu-Tang Sound.
 Just You And Me is the second solo studio album released by Adie on March 9 2010.
 Original Soundtracks 1 (also known as Original Soundtracks) is a 1995 album recorded by U2 and Brian Eno as a side project under the pseudonym Passengers. It is a collection of songs written for mostly imaginary films (the exceptions being songs for Ghost in the Shell Miss Sarajevo and Beyond the Clouds).
 Down Among the Deadmen is the third studio album released by the American heavy metal band The Lord Weird Slough Feg. It features album art by fantasy game artist Erol Otus.
 Time After Time is the second studio album by Canadian country music singer/songwriter Jake Mathews. It was released on June 8 2004 by Open Road Recordings.
 Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits compilation of American country music artist Mark Wills. Released in 2002 on Mercury Nashville Records it features the greatest hits from his first four studio albums: 1996's Mark Wills 1998's Wish You Were Here 2000's Permanently and 2001's Loving Every Minute.
 Beautiful Door is the fourth album by American actor and singer/songwriter Billy Bob Thornton. It was released by New Door Records in 2007.
 Carney is Leon Russell's third solo studio album released in 1972. It peaked at number 2 on the Billboard Hot 200 and was the first for Russell to contain a hit single—Tightrope b/w This Masquerade—which reached number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
 Sonny Stitt & the Top Brass is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1962 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Greatest Hits is the seventh and final album with (Constellation/MCA) by the group Klymaxx. It featured one song from group founder Bernadette Cooper's 1990 solo album Drama According To Bernadette Cooper called I Look Good as well as a compilation of their greatest hits (I Miss You I'd Still Say Yes The Men All Pause Meeting in the Ladies Room Man Size Love and Sexy). This is the first greatest hits package released by Klymaxx.
 Meet the Vamps is the debut studio album by British pop rock band The Vamps. It was released in the United Kingdom through Mercury Records on 14 April 2014. The album includes the UK top-three singles Can We Dance Wild Heart and Last Night. It debuted at number two in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland.
 Genesis is the third album from Christian pop artist Joy Williams with singles Hide We and Say Goodbye.
 See also Tamla Motown Gold: The Sound of Young AmericaMotown Gold is a compilation album released by the Tamla Motown record label describing itself on the cover as Motown's 18 greatest hits.
 E.P.idemic is Craig's Brother's second EP released on July 9 2004 through Takeover Records.
 Only After Dark is a compilation album that was compiled by Nick Rhodes and John Taylor from Duran Duran and recreates a night at Birmingham's Rum Runner nightclub during the post punk days of the late 70s/early 80s when a new sound of glam/punk/electronica started to crystallize. The CD captures some of the discs that Nick spun when he was deejaying for £10 a night at the club and Duran Duran were the resident band.
 You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet is a compilation album by Bachman–Turner Overdrive. It was released in 1983 by Polygram Records.
 Nuke Proof Suit is an EP by British hip hop artist Jehst. This release reveals evidence of a new style in terms of production and lyrics as the EP takes a more 'catchy' approach with rhythmic hooks and 'Rap-a-long' style rhymes. Jehst confirmed this in an interview with ukhh.com in July 2005 when he described the forthcoming EP as ...more moving it [in] the direction of sound over content in a way.
 That's What is one of the more idiosyncratic releases by solo steel-string guitar artist Leo Kottke. It is distinctive in its jazzy nature and talking songs (Buzzby and Husbandry).
 Doot-Doot is the debut studio album by Freur and was released in 1983. The cassette version of the album included four extra tracks.
 Live at the Black Cat is a live album by Scream released in 1998 through Torque Records. It was recorded live at The Black Cat in Washington D.C. on December 28 1996 at a Christmas reunion show. Dave Grohl (Nirvana/Foo Fighters) only plays on No More Censorship as the reunion featured the original drummer Kent Stax.
 Eternal Devastation is the second full-length album by German thrash metal band Destruction. It was released in 1986. It showed the band using more technicality in the songs while retaining the intensity of the music.
 Violet Cries is the debut studio album by British gothic rock band Esben and the Witch. The album was released on 31 January 2011 through Matador. The album came shortly after the band's shortlisting in the BBC’s Sound of 2011 poll. A UK tour accompanied the album as well.The album spawned three singles including Marching Song which was moderately popular and is usually associated with the band. The album reached number 13 in the UK Indie Chart and has been well critically acclaimed.
 ...In Dub is a dub remix album by Meat Beat Manifesto. ...In Dub is mostly remixes of RUOK? material with select songs featuring vocals by DJ Collage however there are some original tracks. The album was issued as both a CD and a DVD which contains minimalistic music videos. Both versions also have separate track listings.
 Alone with the Blues is a solo album by pianist Red Garland recorded in 1960 and released on the Moodsville label.
 Visited by the Ghost of Blind Willie Lemon Juice Namington IV is the secons album by the Italian band Zen Circus released in 2001 by Iceforeveryone.
 All the World's a Stage is a double live album by Canadian rock band Rush released in 1976. The album was recorded at Massey Hall in Toronto on June 11 through 13 during their 2112 tour. Similar to a lyric in the track Limelight from 1981's album Moving Pictures the title of this album alludes to William Shakespeare's play As You Like It.
 Diktaattorimies is the debut studio album by Finnish rapper Spekti. It was released on 18 October 2013. The album peaked at number 20 on the Official Finnish Album Chart.
 Walkin' & Talkin' is an album by American trombonist Bennie Green recorded in 1959 and released on the Blue Note label. It was issued on CD only in Japan in 2004.
 Sons of the System is the fourth album by Danish industrial metal band Mnemic released in Europe on January 18 2010 and in North America on January 26 2010.
 Stag is the eighth album by Melvins which was released in 1996 through Atlantic Records.
 Stars on ESP is an album by His Name Is Alive released by 4AD in 1996.
 Tomorrow Morning is a 2010 studio album by Eels—the third in a trilogy of concept albums including Hombre Lobo (2009) and End Times (2010). The band toured for the first time since their 2008 An Evening with Eels tour to support this release.The album has been released on Compact Disc a two-CD edition with a bonus EP and a vinyl edition with the EP and a bonus 7 single. The vinyl edition was released on August 17 2010 and the CD versions followed on August 24.
 Domino Effect is the second studio album from The Blizzards released on 12 September 2008. The band is currently playing shops around Ireland to promote the release. The video for Trust Me I'm A Doctor the first single from the album is currently on rotation on Bubble Hits. A second single The Reason was released in November 2008. The third single Postcards was released on 27 February 2009.
 Now That's What I Call a Country Christmas is a compilation album released on October 6 2009 as part of the (US) Now That's What I Call Music! series.The album is the fifth Christmas-themed album in the series but the first containing versions performed by country music artists both contemporary and older artists.
 Pigs is the second album by Asphalt Ballet released on the Virgin Records label in 1993. Pigs was an attempt for Asphalt Ballet to compete with Grunge.
 E-lux is the only album by Human Waste Project released on June 10 1997 via Hollywood Records.
 When Fish Ride Bicycles is the second major record and debut studio album of the American hip hop duo The Cool Kids released on July 12 2011 by Green Label Sound Records. The album features the collaborations production from Chuck Inglish (one half of the duo) The Neptunes and Travis Barker along with appearances from Bun B Ghostface Killah Travis Barker and Asher Roth. This is the first studio recording of the group after the mixtape Tacklebox in the beginning of 2010.
 Greatest Hits was a compilation album of hits by Dr. Hook & The Medicine Show released in 1980. The album spent 4 weeks at the top of the Australian album charts in 1981. In 1987 the expanded CD version was released by Capitol as Greatest Hits...and More.
 Mermaid Avenue: The Complete Sessions is a 2012 box set album featuring the lyrics of American folk musician Woody Guthrie set to music by English folk rock guitarist Billy Bragg and American alternative rock band Wilco. The set contains all the tracks from the previously released Mermaid Avenue (1998) and Mermaid Avenue Vol.
 Grinding Walls is Dive's soundtrack for a 1995 film by the Italian band Sigillum S in collaboration with multimedia artist Petulia Mattioli aka Koma.
 Duh is the debut full-length album released by the punk rock band Lagwagon.
 Voyager is the 17th music album by Mike Oldfield released in 1996 by Warner. It is a Celtic-themed album with new compositions intertwined with traditional pieces.
 Utopia A.D. is The Black League's second full-length album released in 2001 by Spinefarm Records. A music video was made of the song Rex Talionis.
 Octopuss is the third solo album by English drummer Cozy Powell released in 1983.
 Surf is the second solo album by Scottish singer–songwriter Roddy Frame first released in the UK on 5 August 2002 via Redemption Records and in the US on 8 October 2002 via Cooking Vinyl. Surf is notable in that every song on the album was recorded in Roddy Frame's own front room.
 'Something's Goin' On' is the 32nd studio album by British singer Cliff Richard released by Decca on 25 October 2004 in the UK. The album reached #7 in the UK Albums Chart and was his first top 10 album since 2000. The album was certified Gold by the BPI.This album was Richard's first with Decca and was recorded in Nashville Franklin and Miami in the USA. Reviews of the album were positive with The Sun saying he had produced [his] best work in yonks.
 Cilla is the debut studio album by British singer Cilla Black released on 25 January 1965 by Parlophone Records. This album was a commercial success charting at #5 on the UK Album Chart.
 History for Sale is the third album by Blue October. The title of the album comes from a lyric in the song Amazing. It was recorded at Sound Arts Studios in Houston Texas and at Stomp Box Studios in Arlington Texas and released in the United States on April 8 2003 by Brando Records. It is the only Blue October album to feature former member Dwayne Casey on bass guitar and the band's first album featuring lead guitarist C.B. Hudson.
 MenschFeind is an EP by Diary of Dreams. The album was released on February 7 2005.
 Young Lust: The Aerosmith Anthology was a 2001 compilation album by American hard rock band Aerosmith. This compilation holds their greatest hits of their Geffen Records years between Done with Mirrors and Get a Grip as well as some un-released material B-sides and live versions. It was reissued in 2005 as Gold with cover art of the band replaced the original cover of couple getting undressed.
 Haudankylmyyden Mailla is the second full-length studio album by the black metal band Horna. It was released on Solistitium Records in 1999 and was limited to 1500 copies. It was then re-released by Omvina Records in 2005 and again on Blut & Eisen Productions in 2007. Both re-released versions have some type of alteration from the original version.
 Kim Mitchell is the first solo effort from Canadian singer and guitarist Kim Mitchell. Mitchell was the former lead singer and guitarist for Max Webster. This extended play was recorded and released right after the band's break-up
 This Is How I Feel is a studio album by English disc jockey and record producer Mark Barrott under the name of Future Loop Foundation. It was released by Pan-Kay Records on July 7 2003.
 Black and White Classics is the fifth volume of the Television's Greatest Hits series of compilation albums by TVT Records. The album catalog was later acquired by The Bicycle Music Company. In September 2011 Los Angeles-based Oglio Records announced they were releasing the Television's Greatest Hits song catalog after entering into an arrangement The Bicycle Music Company. A series of 9 initial 6-packs including some of the songs from the album has been announced for 2011.
 Working Class Dog is an album by Rick Springfield released by RCA in 1981. The album was certified Platinum and eventually sold over three million US copies. It produced Springfield's biggest career hit with the #1 million-selling smash Jessie's Girl. Springfield was awarded the 1982 Grammy Award for Best Rock Vocal Performance Male.
 Arm Yourself is the second album of Long Island rock band BulletProof Messenger. This album crowdfunded through Sellaband. The album was recorded engineered and mixed by Anthony “Rocky” Gallo and mastered by Howie Weinberg at Masterdisk. The album was recorded in 2008 and released January 30 2009.
 The Underdog is the debut album by Canadian pop-rock singer Stef Lang released on May 4 2010.
 Time Changes is a 1963 album by The Dave Brubeck Quartet based upon the use of time signatures that were partially because of Brubeck's previous work now a mainstay in popular jazz music. The whole second side of the album the composition Elementals resulted from a relationship with Rayburn Wright The Eastman School of Music and its Arranger's Workshop and an impending concert in Rochester New York. It was Mr. Brubeck's first orchestral composition.
 Kyss Mej (English: Kiss me) — second studio solo album by Swedish indie-pop singer Helena Josefsson in Swedish released on 9 February 2011.
 Closer is the tenth album by singer Melba Moore released in 1980. It was also her final album on Epic Records before moving to EMI in 1981.
 A Story Tale is an album by jazz saxophonists Clifford Jordan and Sonny Red which was recorded in 1961 and released on the Jazzland label.
 The Very Best of Dwight Yoakam is a compilation album of songs recorded by country music artist Dwight Yoakam. Certified gold by the RIAA the album comprises twenty hit singles from his career.
 It's In There Somewhere is an album by David Thomas Broughton released in 2007 collating a number of unreleased songs recorded during the previous six years.
 Look to the Rainbow is a 1966 album by Astrud Gilberto arranged by Gil Evans and Al Cohn.
 1st Goodsal is the first and to date only studio album by Japanese idol group Ongaku Gatas. It was released by Zetima Records on February 6 2008. The album peaked at #24 on the Oricon weekly charts charting for two weeks.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the British rock group Queen. When released in October 1981 the album consisted of Queen's best-selling singles since their first chart appearance in 1974 with Seven Seas of Rhye up to their 1980 hit Flash (though in some countries Under Pressure the band's 1981 chart-topper with David Bowie was included).
 Stronger is the second album from singer-songwriter Kristine W. The songs are mostly Dance-pop with a few soulful Adult Contemporary pop songs in the mix.Stronger and Lovin' You and Clubland were released as singles.
 Chad Brownlee is the debut studio album by Canadian country music artist Chad Brownlee. It was released on August 31 2010 by MDM Recordings. The album's third single Hood of My Car charted on the Canadian Hot 100.
 The Art Of Three is a 'live' trio album released in 2001 by Billy Cobham Ron Carter and Kenny Barron containing excerpts from two concerts of their 2001 European tour.
 Love Peace & Soul is the fourth and final studio album by American R&B/Soul/Funk Girl group the Honey Cone. It was released by Hot Wax/Invictus Records in 1972 (see 1972 in music).
 Wake the Sleeper is the 21st studio album by the progressive rock band Uriah Heep. It is their first studio album since 1998's Sonic Origami.
 So Long is the second album by American Southern rock band Stereoside.Singles
 Welcome to Wherever You Are is the eighth album by the Australian rock band INXS which was released on 3 August 1992. With grunge and alternative music breaking into the mainstream INXS tried to establish a new direction for itself incorporating sitars a 60-piece orchestra and a much more raw sound to their music. In its four star review of the album Q called it ...a far more engaging and heartfelt collection than anything the group has put out in recent memory...
 The Labyrinth Tour: Live from the O2 is a DVD/CD release by Leona Lewis and was recorded on 18 June 2010 in London while Lewis performed at her tour The Labyrinth. It was released on 29 November 2010 with a 10 track live CD and a Blu-ray version was also released. The recording was broadcast on UK television channel Watch on 3 December 2010. It entered the Official UK Music Video Chart at number 4 on 5 December 2010. It has thus far spent 12 weeks in the UK Top 10.
 Chyna Doll is the second full-length studio album and third recording by American hip-hop artist Foxy Brown. The album was released in United States on January 26 1999 and debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 making Foxy Brown the second female hip-hop artist in history to debut at the number one spot on the Billboard 200 behind Lauryn Hill. The album was later certified Platinum. Chyna Doll was released in the United Kingdom on June 18 1999.
 Reborn is the tenth solo studio album from Denny Laine. It is his last all-original release until 2001. It was reissued in 2001 as Reborn...Again by The Store for Music with bonus tracks.
 Interpretations: The British Rock Songbook is a studio album by soul musician Bettye LaVette which covers songs by British rock legends such as The Beatles Elton John Led Zeppelin Pink Floyd and more. The album was released in 2010 under ANTI- Records. In June 21 2010 it charted at number 1 on the U.S. Billboard's Top Blues Albums where it was in the charts for 39 weeks
 Dean Martin Sings is the first studio album by Italian-American singer Dean Martin released in 1953. It is the first long-play 10-inch album recorded by Martin for Capitol Records during two sessions recorded on the evening of November 20 1952. The first session was recorded between 5 and 8 PM and it produced five songs featuring string arrangements. There's My Lover was recorded but not released.
 Linoleum is an EP by Swedish progressive metal band Pain of Salvation.
 Song for America is the second album by American progressive rock band Kansas released in 1975. The album was reissued in remastered format on CD in 2004.Continuous touring had given Kansas a small following of loyal fans some of whom would follow the group from one show to another.
 Eat It was the seventh album by English rock group Humble Pie released in 1973. A double album it reached #13 on the Billboard 200 and #34 in the UK.
 Back On Top is an album by blues pianist Pinetop Perkins.
 Now and Zen is an album by the former Led Zeppelin singer Robert Plant released in 1988 (see 1988 in music) under the label Es Paranza. The album made the top 10 in both the U.S. and the UK reaching #6 in the former and #10 in the latter. The album was certified triple platinum by the RIAA on September 7 2001.With a new band and a new perspective on his music Plant returned in late 1987 with more of the sound that had previously defined him in Led Zeppelin.
 Fabric 03 is a DJ mix compilation album by Jon Marsh as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 Natasha St-Pier the sixth studio album recorded by Canadian singer Natasha St-Pier was released in November 2008. Two singles were released from the album: Embrasse-Moi and 1 2 3.
 In Search of Space is the second studio album from Hawkwind released in 1971. It reached No. 18 on the UK album charts.
 One Night Stand is a compilation of a live concert given on November 8 1947 at The Town Hall in New York City. The concert featured Sarah Vaughan and Lester Young. The album was released in 1997. Lester Young is a tenor saxophonist who played with the Count Basie Band in the 1930s and 1940s. It is with this group that he first recorded the first copy of Lester Leaps In(the first track on One Night Stand) in 1939.
 Town Hall 1972 is a live album by American jazz saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded in 1972 at The Town Hall in New York City and originally released on the Japanese Trio label and rereleased on the hatART label as Town Hall (Trio & Quintet) 1972 in 1992.
 At Metro is the sixth album from Smoking Popes.The album contains a second disc which is a DVD of their performance. The DVD includes 4 songs not on the CD which according to the insert was because of time limitations.
 Adam Again Tribute Box Set is a 2001 album by rock band Adam Again containing three discs released on Millennium 8 Records.
 1929–1933 is a 1990 compilation album collecting material recorded by Henry Red Allen and His Orchestra during the years 1929 to 1933. The first of a set of five released by Chronological Classics the album is rated part of the core collection for jazz music fans by the Penguin Guide to Jazz. Allen shared band leadership with Coleman Hawkins.
 ¡Viva! is an album by English singer/songwriter Tiff Lacey released on 15 August 2011. It is her first full-length solo album and her second overall. It includes her well-known single Take Me Away.
 Street Songs is the fifth album by American musician Rick James released in April 1981 via Gordy Records. Give It to Me Baby the lead song and single from the album became James' second number one single on the R&B chart. It spent five weeks at the top spot. The fifth song on the album Super Freak was also one of James' biggest hits. A Deluxe Edition was released in 2001 containing an additional 17 mixes and live versions of the album tracks.
 Tomorrowland is the third album by the Australian power metal band Black Majesty. A Limited Special Edition was also released which included two bonus tracks a poster a sticker additional photos and personal liner notes by the band. Copies of this edition were limited to 4000 copies worldwide.
 ATLiens is the second studio album by American hip hop duo OutKast released on August 27 1996 by LaFace Records. The duo wanted to improve on their 1994 debut album Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik and gain respect for their growing Southern hip hop scene.
 Volcano is the second solo album (fourth album overall) by American singer/songwriter Edie Brickell released in 2003 (see 2003 in music). The album sold about 21000 copies as of November 2003.
 Dreamgirls: Original Broadway Cast Album is the cast album for the original Broadway production of the musical Dreamgirls which debuted at the Imperial Theatre on December 20 1981. The album was issued by David Geffen a co-financier of the musical and later producer of its 2006 film adaptation on his Geffen Records label during the winter of 1982.
 Piece by Piece is the second studio album by British-Georgian jazz and blues singer Katie Melua. It was released on 26 September 2005 by Dramatico Records.Its first single Nine Million Bicycles became Melua's first top five hit in the UK and caused controversy when science writer Simon Singh said the lyrics demonstrates a deep ignorance of cosmology and no understanding of the scientific method.
 The Essential Chet Atkins: The Columbia Years is a compilation recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins. The 15 tracks included here are from his recordings on the Columbia label from 1983 to the 1997. The tracks have all been digitally remastered.There is more focus on Atkins' jazz-pop work here but his country roots still crop up. His later collaborations with Mark Knopfler Jerry Reed Suzy Bogguss and Tommy Emmanuel are represented here.
 The Best Of Night Ranger Live is an album by Night Ranger released in 2005. The recording is the same as the Japanese release Live In Japan '97 and the American version Live in Japan: Greatest Hits Live.
 Now I'm a Cowboy is the 1994 second album by British alternative rock band The Auteurs.
 Break Down is the second studio album by Mandopop boy group Super Junior-M. It was released online on January 7 2013 by S.M. Entertainment and distributed by KMP Holdings. It is their first release in nearly 2 years since the release of their 2011 EP Perfection and their first studio album in nearly 5 years since the release of their first 2008 studio album Me. Break Down explores different music genres including pop dance dubstep R&B ballad house and electropop.
 Amnesia is the fifth studio album by Richard Thompson recorded and released in 1988.After Across a Crowded Room and Daring Adventures had not troubled the compilers of hit parades Polydor declined their option to renew their contract with Thompson. Thompson's then manager Gary Stamler negotiated a deal with Capitol Records and Thompson cut his first album for his new label in 1988.This was a good time for Thompson to be at Capitol.
 Together Forever: Greatest Hits 1983–1991 is the first compilation album by Run–D.M.C.. It was released in 1991 and was complemented by a greatest hits video collection (released separately).Some pressings included an uncensored version of Beats To The Rhyme as heard in the film Tougher Than Leather.
 Aashiqui is the greatest hits album of Punjabi singer Jassi Sidhu released in 2005. After a solid debut with Reality Check Jassi Sidhu released his old songs recorded with his old band B21. The prime purpose of releasing this album was to introduce his older hits to the Indian audience who was enjoying his debut album Reality Check. As Jassi Sidhu was an unknown face to the Indian audience it was a perfect move by the label and it proved to be really successful.
 Life as We Know It is the twelfth studio album by REO Speedwagon released in 1987 (see 1987 in music). It features That Ain't Love and In My Dreams both of which were Top 20 hits; Variety Tonight which reached #60 on the Hot 100; and One Too Many Girlfriends which showcased the ongoing friction between band members Kevin Cronin and Gary Richrath. This is the group's final studio release with Richrath and Gratzer as well as their final top 40 album to date.
 Diana Ross' Greatest Hits is an album by Diana Ross released in 1976 on the Motown label. In the UK and certain other territories the album was released under the title Greatest Hits 2 since a similar compilation Greatest Hits had already been released in 1972.The album consisting of ten of Ross' greatest hits as a solo artist became her second album in 1976 to hit the Top Five in the UK. It was certified Gold in the U.K for sales in excess of 100000 copies.
 Beijing to Boston is a split album featuring Boston ska punk act Big D and the Kids Table and China punk act Brain Failure. It was released on February 20 2007 only a month before the release of the highly anticipated Strictly Rude.
 Released in June 2005 Live from Mt. Fuji is Gwar's first nationally released live concert CD. It was recorded in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania at Mr Smalls theater though the venue is constantly referred to as Japan throughout the between-song banter. The enhanced version of the album contains the video for Bring Back the Bomb.
 Faultlines is the debut studio album by Scottish folk musician Karine Polwart released on January 19 2004. Faultlines won the Best Album award at the BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards with the track The Sun's Comin' Over The Hill winning Best Original Song and Polwart herself receiving the Horizon Award for best new artist.
 Shape Up and Dance was the umbrella name for a popular series of exercise instruction albums released in the United Kingdom between 1982 and 1984 during the 1980s aerobics craze. The albums were choreographed by Christina Brooke and each one was presented by a different well-known personality from the world of sport or entertainment. The music consisted of anonymous cover versions of hit records. The albums were released on vinyl and cassette.
 Terezín – Theresienstadt is a 2008 recital album by mezzo-soprano Anne Sofie von Otter her regular pianist Bengt Forsberg and guests.
 The Songs of Tony Sly: A Tribute is a tribute album. It is in tribute to No Use for a Name frontman Tony Sly who died unexpectedly in July 2012. It was put together by Sly's friend Fat Mike who put the album out on his label Fat Wreck Chords with all profits from the album go to the Tony Sly Memorial Fund. The album is made up of artists doing their own takes on No Use for a Name and Tony Sly songs.
 White Side of Night is the third studio album by Irish band Scullion. It was released in 1983 by WEA and produced by Nicky Ryan with the band.
 Solid Bronze: Great Hits is The Beautiful South's ninth album and second greatest hits compilation. It was released in November 2001 and contains 19 tracks. The album contains two songs (Pretenders to the Throne and Dream a Little Dream) that were released between Carry on up the Charts and Blue Is the Colour and never made it onto any album.It produced one single The Root of All Evil released the same month as the album and only getting to number 50 in the UK Singles Chart.
 All Things Must Pass is a triple album by English musician George Harrison released in November 1970. His third studio album it includes the hit singles My Sweet Lord and What Is Life as well as songs such as Isn't It a Pity and the title track that were turned down by Harrison's former band the Beatles.
 Just an Old Fashioned Love Song is an album by Paul Williams released in 1971. Notable songs from the album include (Just An) Old Fashioned Love Song We've Only Just Begun Let Me Be the One and When I Was All Alone.
 Saade Vol. 2 is the third studio album from Swedish singer Eric Saade. It was first released on 30 November 2011 in Sweden. The album topped the Swedish Albums Chart. It also reached the Top 50 in Finland.
 Back 'n the Day is a compilation album by rapper Dr. Dre. The album was released in 1996 for Blue Dolphin Entertainment and featured remixes of songs from Dr. Dre's early days with the World Class Wreckin' Cru.
 Just Dottie (reissued as Just Dottie Again) is the name of the final country music album released by Dottie West in 1984 under Permian Records after eight years of recording for United Artists Records/Liberty Records.The album was West's only LP release for Permian Records a small Dallas-based country music label distributed by MCA Records.
 Astraea is the third studio album by British mathcore band Rolo Tomassi. It was released on 5 November 2012 in the United Kingdom through Destination Moon the band's own record label. In interviews the band described the composition of the album as being much more accessible and direct than their previous albums while retaining the technical and experimental elements of their typical sound. The album was produced by Jason Sanderson the producer of Rolo Tomassi's first album Hysterics.
 I Choose Noise is the third studio album by British progressive breakbeat band Hybrid as well as an EP by the same. The album included recorded symphonic sequences by the Seattle Session Orchestra and was produced in collaboration with composer Harry Gregson-Williams.The album was released in the UK on 4 September 2006 and in the United States on October 10 2006.
 Hyphenated-Man (rendered on the cover in all lower case letters as hyphenated-man) is the fourth solo album by Mike Watt and the first full-length recording he made under his own name since parting with Columbia Records in 2005. Initially released in Japan by Parabolica Records in October 2010 the album was released in the rest of the world on clenchedwrench an independent record label newly founded by Watt.
 Africa's Blood is an album by Lee Perry released in 1972.
 Final Boss is the third studio album from nerdcore hip hop artist MC Frontalot. It was released on November 4 2008. The first single Wallflowers is available to listen to at his website as well as the title track Final Boss and Diseases of Yore.Like his first album Nerdcore Rising it is composed mostly of new material but does include two remakes from before Nerdcore Rising (Listen Close and A Very Unlikely Occurrence).The front cover art for the album was done by Scott Campbell.
 Aaron Carter is the first and self-titled debut album of pop singer Aaron Carter brother of Backstreet Boys member Nick Carter. It was originally released in December 1997 in Europe and re-released the next year with a new song and a remix as well as being released in the United States in the summer of 1998.
 This article is about Ñengo Flow. For the song by Ivy Queen and Ñengo Flow see Musa.Real G4 Life (Real Gangster For Life) is a series of Reggaeton mixtapes by the Real G4 Life artist Ñengo Flow. Distributed by Millones Records the first mixtape in the series Real G4 Life was released on January 5 2011. It featured collaborations with Jory De La Ghetto & Gotay El Autentiko. The second mixtape in the series Real G4 Life 2 was released on January 7 2012.
 The Elements is a special edition Post Trip Hop album produced by Second Person for Sellaband.com and was released on 9 August 2007.This is the follow-up to the band's debut album Chromatography and was written by Julia Johnson Mark Maclaine and Álvaro López at their studio in West London UK. This album contains an exclusive set of tracks written for believers on the online music community Sellaband.
 Caribbean Guitar is the title of a recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins released in 1962.Atkin's treatment of Banana Boat Song is based on The Tarriers' version not Harry Belefonte's more famous rendition.
 Metamorphosis is the sixth studio album by the Danish melodic death metal band Mercenary. This is the first album except for their debut First Breath not to include the Sandager brothers Mikkel on clean vocals and Morten on keyboards and Mike Park on drums since 11 Dreams. This is also the first album to feature Morten Løwe on drums. It was released on February 25 2011 under the label Napalm Records.
 The Best Kept Secret is the ninth solo album by dobro player Jerry Douglas released in 2005 (see 2005 in music).Guest musicians include Alison Krauss Sam Bush John Fogerty Bill Frisell Béla Fleck and Jeff Coffin.
 Maciste All'Inferno is an EP by Gojira. It was recorded live while a projection of the movie Maciste All Inferno was running at the Rock School Barbey Bordeaux France on 29 May 2003. The EP contains three songs about 50 minutes in length called Maciste 1 Maciste 2 and Maciste 3 respectively.
 Art of Revolution is an EP by American electronic music artist Bassnectar released in 2009 on Amorphous Music.
 Essential Oils is a two-disc compilation album by Australian rock band Midnight Oil released in November 2012.The compilation covers Midnight Oil's entire career starting with their 1978 self-titled album and includes tracks from all their studio albums and EPs.
 I Talk with the Spirits is a 1964 album by Roland Kirk. On this album Kirk only plays the flute and no saxophone or other instruments. It is notable as being the first appearance of the song Serenade to a Cuckoo later covered by Jethro Tull. It was released on CD but is now out of print. It is currently available as digital download on iTunes and amazonmp3.
 Over and Over is the second studio album released by jazz vocalist Erin Bode. It was recorded over three days in mid-May 2005 and released on January 31 2006 by the label Max Jazz. This album more than her first sees Bode being likened to fellow jazz vocalist Norah Jones.This is the first album that contains songs almost exclusively penned by Bode and her collaborator pianist Adam Maness.
 Imágenes (Images) is the title of the second studio album released by Puerto-Rican singer Lourdes Robles in 1990. The album became very successful in the United States where it peaked at number nine in the Billboard Latin Pop Albums chart. The album includes the number-one single Abrázame Fuerte and the top ten hit Gracias a Tu Amor a duet with Nicaraguan performer Luis Enrique.
 On the Floor at the Boutique is a live album by British big beat musician Fatboy Slim. It was recorded at the Big Beat Boutique in 1997 in Brighton England and released in 1998.
 Mark the Hard Earth is the second solo album by contemporary folk musician Kris Drever released January 2010 at Celtic Connections. The album was officially released on March 8 2010.
 The 10.5 cm Feldhaubitze 98/09 (10.5 cm FH 98/09) a short barreled (1625 mm) 105mm howitzer also referred to as the 10.5 cm leichte Feldhaubitze (light field howitzer) 98/09 was used by Germany in World War I and after. It had a maximum range of 6300 metres (20700 ft).
 In Love with Love (Chinese: 愛上愛; pinyin: Ai Shang Ai) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Elva Hsiao's (Chinese: 蕭亞軒) sixth Mandarin studio album. It was released on 16 May 2003 by Virgin Records Taiwan a sub-label of EMI Music Taiwan.
 Desire of the Rhino King is a compilation album released in 1991 by experimental rock musician and guitarist Adrian Belew. It includes songs from Belew's first three solo albums for Island Records: Lone Rhino (1982) Twang Bar King (1983) and Desire Caught By the Tail (1986).
 Template:SourcingTarantula is the second studio album released on October 12 2004 by Flickerstick via Idol Records.
 Limping for a Generation was the 1984 debut album by the British band The Blow Monkeys.In the booklet to 1999 Atomic Lullabies - Very Best of the Blow Monkeys lead singer Dr. Robert (born Robert Howard) stated that even if it was Digging Your Scene from the band's second album Animal Magic that opened the door.
 The Best of Celly Cel is the first greatest hits album by Vallejo California rapper Celly Cel. The album was released in 1999 and was Celly Cel's last project for Jive Records.
 The MOFO Project/Object is an album by Frank Zappa. The album was announced by the Zappa Family Trust in mid-2006. It commemorates the 40th anniversary of and features previously unreleased material from Zappa's first album Freak Out! It was first issued as a limited edition 2-CD set (official release #77) available only through the official Zappa website followed by a 4-CD set (official release #78).
 Most Known Hits is an album by hip-hop group Three 6 Mafia. It is a collection of some of their biggest songs and was released in 2005 following the similarly titled studio album Most Known Unknown.
 Nebularium is the debut studio album by the Italian melodic death metal band Disarmonia Mundi. It was independently released and recorded by Ettore Rigotti in his home studio. The album would help the group obtain a recording contract with Italian based Scarlet Records. The album was re-released on June 26 2009 in a remastered version with new artwork as a double digipak with a new EP entitled The Restless Memoirs.
 A Rose is Still a Rose is the thirty-sixth studio album by American recording artist Aretha Franklin. Released in 1998 it resulted in the singer's most critically acclaimed and best-selling album of the 1990s. It was also her first Gold-certified studio album in twelve years.
 Go Tell Fire to the Mountain is the debut album by English band WU LYF released on 13 June 2011. The album was released to high anticipation and the backing of NME Stereogum and Pitchfork Media.
 Crying Laughing Loving Lying is the 1972 release by Labi Siffre.All songs written performed and produced by Labi Siffre. The album was recorded at Chappells in London.The record contains two of Labi's best known songs: It Must Be Love (No. 14 1971) (later covered by and a No. 4 hit for Madness for which Siffre himself appeared in the video) and Crying Laughing Loving Lying (No. 11 1972). Both It Must Be Love and Crying Laughing Loving Lying were released as singles in the U.S.
 Millennium is the third album (second in the United States) by American boy band Backstreet Boys. It was a highly anticipated follow-up to both their U.S. debut album and their second internationally released album. It was their first album to be released in both the U.S. and internationally in the same form at the same time.In the United States it holds the record for most shipments in one year with 11 million in 1999.
 Love is an album in 1999 by S.E.S.. This is S.E.S.' third Korean album. It sold approximately 780000 copies. Singles include Love and Twilight Zone.
 Yellow Loveless is a tribute album featuring cover versions of the 11 songs from My Bloody Valentine's 1991 record Loveless. The album was released on January 23 2013 by High Fader Records coincidentally just after the announcement of My Bloody Valentine's upcoming third studio album.The album features exclusively covers by Japanese artists from various genres including sludge metal band Boris and pop punk group Shonen Knife.
 Do the Clips is Do As Infinity's fifth video collection.
 Balls Deep is the second album from the New Hampshire group Scissorfight released on Wonderdrug Records. The song Human Head was released as a single on 7-inch vinyl.
 The Wake Of Severity is the second demo tape by the thrash metal band Sadus released in 1989. Recorded prior to Swallowed in Black with this tape the band was finally signed to Roadrunner Records. Their first effort for this label was the official re-release of their debut album Illusions with a new name (Chemical Exposure) remastered and including new art work (the label disliked the original one).
 Ghetto Music: The Blueprint of Hip Hop is the third album from Boogie Down Productions. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA on September 25 1989.
 Still Not Black Enough is the sixth studio album by W.A.S.P. (seventh album overall) first released in June 1995 in Japan only. It was not released in the U.S. until August 1996 through Castle Records. Still Not Black Enough was originally slated for release as a Blackie Lawless solo album but due to the heavy content Blackie changed his mind and decided to released it as a W.A.S.P.
 West Side Story is a 1962 studio album by the Oscar Peterson and his trio.The album featured seven interpretations of songs that had featured in the recent film West Side Story.
 The Moonlight Butterfly is a 2011 album by The Sea and Cake released on Thrill Jockey.
 Making Music Lah-Lah's Way is the second album from Australian children's band Lah-Lah. It was released independently coinciding with Lah-Lah's live season at the Sydney Opera House Concert Hall in Sydney in June 2011.
 Sorcery & the Mystical Gate of Reincarnation is a split studio album by the Canadian death metal band Kataklysm. It features both albums Sorcery and The Mystical Gate of Reincarnation.
 Still Life is a live album by progressive metal band Fates Warning released in 1998. The Japanese release of this album includes a studio cover version of the Scorpions song In Trance (Track 8 on Disc II).
 Single Cell Orchestra is the self-titled second album of Single Cell Orchestra. It was released in 1996.
 Come See About Me was Freda Payne's fifteenth studio album and her first in five years. The album itself is a combination of the musical styles of pop R&B and jazz. Primarily a cover album this album contains only five original songs: Let's Make Beautiful Music First Impression I Live for New York City You Complete Me and Just Like That (the last of which is a duet with Temptation Ali Ollie Woodson).
 Broken Wings is an EP by Passerby now called Flyleaf. Broken Wings: Special Edition was released a year prior and does not include the song Ocean Waves.
 Häxan is a soundtrack to the 1922 Swedish/Danish silent horror film movie of the same name composed by Barði Jóhannsson.It also is the first album he released under his own name (he had before released 3 studio albums and a few singles with his bands Bang Gang and Lady and Bird). It was performed by the Bulgarian Symphony Orchestra produced by Barði Jóhannson and Thorir Baldursson and released in 2006.
 Subject to Change is an album by Henry Threadgill released on the About Time label in 1985.
 Best of the J. Geils Band is a compilation album by American rock band The J. Geils Band released in 2006.
 Legend of the Seven Dreams is an album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek featuring Rainer Brüninghaus Eberhard Weber and Naná Vasconcelos released on the ECM label in 1988.
 Don't It Drag On is an album by American singer/songwriter Chris Smither released in 1972. It was re-released on CD along with I'm a Stranger Too! in 2002.
 B Sides and C Sides is a compilation album by the American punk rock band Rancid. It was first released online on December 11 2007 followed by a standard release on January 15 2008. It contains a number of B-sides and rare songs as well as compilation or soundtrack appearances plus 4 previously unreleased songs.
 Nowhere Left to Hide is the debut studio album by Australian rock band Juke Kartel released through Emporium Music on 3 April 2009. The title of the album comes from lyrics in the song Then She Said.
 Ritual: The Modern Jazz Messengers is a 1957 release by jazz artist Art Blakey. It was first released by Blue Note Records and has seen reissues on CD since 1988 from that same label and subsequently from Pacific Jazz Records. It was also reissued in 1990 by Capitol Records. This album features all the recordings from Once Upon a Groove which was also released in 1957 and two additional tracks by Art Blakey.
 Spirit in the Room is the 40th studio album by Welsh musician Tom Jones released 21 May 2012 It was produced by Ethan Johns. Tracks featured on Spirit In The Room include interpretations of Tom Waits’ Bad as Me Odetta’s Hit Or Miss Vera Hall Ward’s Travelling Shoes and Charlie Darwin by Low Anthem. Spirit in the Room also includes songs by Paul Simon Leonard Cohen and Paul McCartney amongst others.
 Human Emotions is an album released by country musician David Allan Coe. It was released in 1978 on Columbia.
 There's One in Every Crowd is a 1975 album by blues rocker Eric Clapton. It is his third solo album.
 Terrain Boss is the sixth studio album by American rapper Sean T. It was released October 25 2003 on Get Gone Records and was produced by Sean T.
 Mi Vida (My life) is the title of the studio album released by Mexican pop singer José José in 1982. The main hits of the album were: Mi vida Contigo no Siempre te vas Nunca sabrán and Desesperado. José José continued positioned as one of the top sellers of records in Latin America. The album earned six Gold and one Platinum albums.
 Kingdom of Welcome Addiction is the third studio album by IAMX released on 19 May 2009.Chris Corner described Kingdom of Welcome Addiction as being like Disney World but with lipstick cynicism and wit. It is the first IAMX album not to feature the vocals of Sue Denim as well as being the first not to include any SP4 tracks.The album was given to journalists to review but one journalist leaked it online in April and the album dispatch was also delayed.
 The Mission is the sixth studio album released by Royal Hunt. It is a concept album based around Ray Bradbury's sci-fi classic 'The Martian Chronicles'. Each track from this album is dedicated to the defined chapter of the book.
 Remixed is a remix album by KJ-52 featuring a reggaeton mix of Behind the Musik's Jesus 47 Emcees (Plus 18 More Mix) which reimagines the originally beatbox-driven track with multiple layered beats each corresponding to the verse's genre; East Coast West Coast old school and Dirty South and an angst-driven Linkin Park-inspired nu metal remix of hit Are You Real? featuring an emo rock hook provided by Falling Up's Jessy Ribordy.
 Radio is the fourth studio album by the band Naked City and their first to be composed entirely by bandleader John Zorn. The album was also released as part of Naked City: The Complete Studio Recordings on Tzadik Records in 2005.Radio marked a return to the eclectic jump cut style of the band's 1989 debut album. The liner notes cite a wide range of musical influences including Charles Mingus Little Feat Ruins Booker T.
 Syrophenikan is an album by Canadian ambient/electronic music group Delerium in 1990.
 Day of the Dog is the second album by Australian hip hop group Bliss n Eso. It was released by Illusive Sounds in March 2006 as both vinyl and CD releases. The title of the album is a metaphor for Australian hip hop being the 'underdog' of the Australian music industry and affirming that it is now time for it to rise up.
 Bradley's Robot is an EP by Richard D. James under the alias Bradley Strider.The EP was pressed in 12 vinyl format and does not come in a picture sleeve but rather is housed within a (folded) 92.4 x 121.9 cm glossy green print on silver RePhLeX poster.The following message is etched in the record's run-out groove on Side A: PYJAMAS.
 Love and Distance is the third release from the Portland-based band The Helio Sequence. It was released on June 8 2004 by Sub Pop Records.
 Uncanned! The Best of Canned Heat is two disc CD set issued in 1994 features various tracks from previous albums and some previously unreleased tracks. Highlights include an alternate longer take of On the Road Again and Let's Work Together in stereo for the first time ever.
 Dreamchaser is the eleventh studio album by English singer and songwriter Sarah Brightman. This album is Brightman's first collaboration with producer Mike Hedges and centres on the concept of space. It was released in Japan on 16 January 2013 and in the United Kingdom on 8 April 2013 to critical acclaim.
 Here We Go Again! is an album by American folk music group The Kingston Trio released in 1959 (see 1959 in music). It was one of the four the Trio would have simultaneously in Billboard's Top 10 albums during the year. It spent eight weeks at #1 and received an RIAA gold certification the same day as At Large. A Worried Man b/w San Miguel was its lead-off single though it just made the Top 20.
 Love at First Sting is the ninth studio album by the German heavy metal band Scorpions. It was released on March 27 1984 (see 1984 in music) on Harvest/EMI and Mercury.
 D.N.A. (previously known as And Then There Was Me) is the fourth studio album by American R&B singer Mario. It was released first in the United Kingdom on October 12 2009 by RCA Records and the following day in the US with J Records. On the album Mario has worked with previous hitmakers Bryan-Michael Cox as well as new collaborators including The-Dream Soundz and Jim Jonsin amongst others.The album's lead single Break Up features Sean Garrett and Gucci Mane.
 Dub Take the Voodoo Out of Reggae is a studio album released by Reggae artist Mad Professor with Lee Scratch Perry. It was released in 1996 on Ariwa Sounds.
 Freak Magnet is the eighth and final studio album by the Violent Femmes. It was released on February 22 2000 and the featured single was Sleepwalkin'. Originally scheduled for a 1998 release on Interscope Records Freak Magnet was pulled when the band was dropped from the label although promo copies with a different track list were released and still circulate. Due to the poor performance of the album both critically and commercially the band decided not to record new music.
 The Another Love EP is an extended play from singer-songwriter Tom Odell. The four-track extended play was first released in the United Kingdom on 14 June 2013 through Columbia and In the Name Of.
 Singles: $100 EP is an EP by Alien Ant Farm released in 1996.
 Arc Angels is the self-titled debut album by Arc Angels released in 1992. The album would prove to be one of the most popular blues/rock recordings of the decade as it captured the spirit of the great Stevie Ray Vaughan and managed to hit #127 on the Billboard charts.[citation needed]
 Blues' Blues is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell recorded in 1972 and released on the Mainstream label.
 I Am the Resurrection: A Tribute to John Fahey is a tribute album to guitarist John Fahey released in 2006. The album's title is taken from the title of the third track of his album The Transfiguration of Blind Joe Death.
 The Gravel Walk is a 1997 album by Tempest.
 Really is the second album by JJ Cale. It was released in 1973.
 Limits of the Sky is the debut album of folk rock band The Bridges.
 Standing Together is an album by jazz musician George Benson which was released in 1998.
 For the Earth Wind & Fire album see Raise!Raise is the first studio album by the British alternative rock band Swervedriver. The album only contained six new songs; Son of Mustang Ford Rave Down and Sandblasted had all appeared on earlier EPs and singles released by the band between 1990 to 1991.
 Greatest Hits Vol. III is the third greatest hits package released by the American country music band Alabama. The album was released on RCA Nashville in 1994 and has since been certified platinum for sales of 2 million units by the Recording Industry Association of America [2].Alabama had continued its amazing run of success through the first half of the 1990s enabling the Fort Payne Alabama-based band to issue their third album of greatest hits.
 Beat Out! (typeset as BEAT out!) is the third album by Japanese rock/pop band Glay. It was released on July 2 1996 and peaked at #1 at Oricon charts with 821890 copies sold.
 Thoughts Become Things II is the second studio album by Markus Schulz under his alias Dakota and was released on 1 July 2011.
 Captain Disaster is Belgian singer-songwriter Ferre Grignard's 2nd solo album. Released in 1968 it was a dramatic departure from the mainly skiffle-based Ring Ring I've Got To Sing
 Crash Craddock is an album by Billy Crash Craddock. It was released in 1986 by MCA/Dot Records. It was recorded in Muscle Shoals Alabama and produced by Jimmy Johnson.
 The Case of the 3 Sided Dream in Audio Color is an album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Rahsaan Roland Kirk originally released as a double LP with side 4 appearing blank - although side 4 did have a hidden track the contents of which are released as track #20 on the CD rerelease.
 Black Fingernails Red Wine is the third studio album by Eskimo Joe released on 10 June 2006. The album became their first Australian ARIA Albums Chart #1 debuting at that spot on the chart week of 19 June 2006. The album has been certified 4x Platinum in Australia. It is their best selling album to date.
 Audio Sponge is the debut album by the electronica duo Sketch Show.
 Touch Me is Gary Glitter's second album released in 1973. It includes the top five hits Do You Wanna Touch Me? (Oh Yeah!) and Hello Hello I'm Back Again. It was issued as he was reaching the height of his fame but does not contain his career anthem I'm the Leader of the Gang I Am! (UK #1) or its follow-up I Love You Love Me Love (UK #1) as this album was issued several months before.
 Stick Man is a 2007 album by Tony Levin. The album showcases Levin's skills on the Chapman stick as well as the electric bass and NS Upright bass. Most of the seventeen tracks are instrumental though there are three songs with vocals by Levin. King Crimson bandmate Pat Mastelotto plays drums on eleven of the tracks.
 Santana Brothers (sometimes credited as simply Brothers) is a 1994 album by Carlos Santana his brother Jorge and his nephew Carlos Hernandez. It reached 191 on the Billboard 200 album chart.
 Songs for the Sinners is the fifth and last full-length album by the Finnish gothic metal act Charon.
 Splash is a retrospective album by the American folk band Sonia & Disappear Fear released on January 16 2009 by Sonia's own Disappear Records label and Rounder/Philo Records. The album is composed of songs from Sonia's solo career as well as the earlier incarnation of her band simply known as Disappear Fear.
 Music of Coal: Mining Songs from the Appalachian Coalfields is a 70 page book and two CD compilation of old and new music from southern Appalachian coalfields. The project was produced by Jack Wright and is a benefit for the Lonesome Pine Office on Youth in Wise County Virginia.The songs included cover a range of topics related to coal culture such as mining accidents and black lung disease. Some of the artists are natives of the U.S. coal mining region while others have less direct ties.
 Together Again: For the First Time is a 1978 studio album by Mel Tormé and Buddy Rich. Originally recorded and released as a direct-to-disc LP album it was re-issued in 1999 as When I Found You by Hindsight Records with 2 additional Rich Big Band instrumental tracks from the same era.Though they had been friends for a long time Tormé and Rich had not recorded together until this album.
 Songs for Oblivion Fishermen is a live album of the progressive rock group Caravan. The material was recorded for the BBC spanning the years 1970 to 1974.
 For the Night People was an LP album by Julie London released by Liberty Records under catalog number LRP-3478 as a monophonic recording and catalog number LST-7478 in stereo in 1966.
 Recorded on September 23 2003 at the Fillmore in San Francisco California Live.01 is Isis's first live release. It is sourced from an audience bootleg recording and as such does not sound professionally recorded. As well the fan who bootlegged this performance was not able to properly record the first song (From Sinking) and thus this release is not totally complete.As with the rest of the live series the CD version was self-released.
 Get Wiser Live is a DVD recorded on January 6 2006 by Soldiers of Jah Army (SOJA) at the State Theatre in Falls Church Virginia. The show consisted of two separate sets with the opening set being older songs and the second set being Get Wiser in its entirety.
 Bang the Drum EP is an EP by Australian band INXS. It is an internet-only download exclusive to iTunes.It was released on 17 August 2004 through record label Island Def Jam seven years after Michael Hutchence's death.
 Christmas Stories: Repeat the Sounding Joy is the first holiday studio album by Christian Contemporary/rock/folk musician Jason Gray which the album as produced by Cason Cooley and it released on October 9 2012 by Centricity Music. The album has seen commercial success and critical acclamation.
 Let the Music Play: Supreme Rarities 1960-1969 (Motown Lost & Found) is a 2-CD set of The Supremes music released by Hip-O Records on March 25 2008.
 My Turn to Eat is the debut studio album of American rapper Big Kuntry King released on September 30 2008 through Grand Hustle and Atlantic Records. The album features guest appearances from T.I. Trey Songz Lloyd Young Dro Ricco Barrino Lil Duval and includes productions from J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League Marvelous J and Shawty Redd and others.The album debuted at #98 on the Billboard 200 with 6000 copies sold in the first week of its release.
 Soul of Country Music is the ninth studio album by American country artist Connie Smith. The album was released in December 1967 on RCA Victor Records and was produced by Bob Ferguson. With no singles spawned from the album Soul of Country Music contained cover versions of popular country music songs.
 Just Say Yo was Sire Records' Volume 2 of Just Say Yes and was originally released on August 16 1988 as a winter CD sampler. It contained remixes and non-album tracks of artists on the label most of which were considered New Wave or Modern Rock (all would eventually fall under the genre Alternative rock).
 Move is the fifth full-length studio album CD by progressive metal band Freak Kitchen. As the band defines this album: More metal more experimental more fascinating… will please the fans and will without any possible doubt convert the newcomers. It's also their new line-up's debut.Move features faster and heavier songs than previous albums but with a similar sense of melody.Christer Örtefors sings the lead vocals on the track Razor Flowers.
 Greatest Hits: The First Ten Years is the first greatest hits album (sixth overall) by Vanessa Williams released in the US on November 17 1998 on Mercury Records. It features eleven of her previous recordings from the ten years starting from 1988 plus a new recording a cover of Bobby Caldwell's My Flame. This is the first Vanessa Williams album to feature her soundtrack contributions Love Is Colors of the Wind and Where Do We Go From Here?.
 Road Rage is an album by Great Big Sea released in 2000. It is a compilation of live performances that took place between October 14 and December 31 1999.
 The Ascension (stylized as the_Ascension) is the title of the third studio album by Otep. The album was recorded at Piety Street Studios in New Orleans LA and Balance Studios in Mandeville LA. The original release date was set for March 20 2007 through Capitol Records however the album was delayed indefinitely due to the recent Capitol/Virgin Records merger.
 Faustian Echoes is an EP by Portland Oregon metal band Agalloch released on June 26 2012 by Agalloch's own label Dämmerung Arts. It is actually a single two-part song over 21 minutes in length making it the longest song Agalloch has ever written. The song is based on Johann Wolfgang von Goethe’s play Faust.Regarding the theme of Faustian Echoes Agalloch vocalist/guitarist John Haughm said The lyrics are taken directly from an English translation of Goethe's Faust.
 Released in 1996 Soulscraper was Mega City Four's sixth and last studio album. It is characterized by being predominantly Heavy Metal which was not a norm for Mega City Four.
 The Cutting Edge is a live album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival and released on the Milestone label in 1974 featuring performances by Rollins with Stanley Cowell Yoshiaki Masuo Bob Cranshaw David Lee and Mtume with Rufus Harley joining on one track.
 Ebba Grön is the title of the Swedish punkband Ebba Grön's third and last album first released 1982. The album includes the popular song Die Mauer which is about two lovers separated by the Berlin Wall.
 Sins of Our Fathers is the second solo album by Andy Prieboy released in 1995 (see 1995 in music). The album cover graphic is by Josh Agle and is based on Hougoumont by Robert Gibb. The cover art depicts the repelling of Jerome's noon assault at the Battle of Waterloo.
 Joyful Noise is the third studio album by The Derek Trucks Band released on September 2 2002. It features an eclectic mix of music ranging from gospel jazz fusion Latin music to East Indian music. Many of the songs feature special guests including Trucks' wife Susan Tedeschi Rahat Fateh Ali Khan the nephew of Ustad Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan and a respected singer in his own right and soul artist Solomon Burke.
 Amber and Green is an album by David Hopkins released in 2005. It was self produced. All songs were written by David Hopkins. Strings and synths were arranged by David Hopkins.The title track reached the Irish Top 40 chart.
 Grom (Thunder in Polish) is the second studio album by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth. It was recorded and mixed from December 1995 to January 1996 and was originally released in January 1996 through Solistitium Records and later by Pagan Records. The album is Behemoth's last release before their shift into a death metal sound.
 Anjunabeats Volume Six is the sixth album in the Anjunabeats Volume compilation series mixed and compiled by British trance group Above & Beyond released on 6 October 2008.The digital download version was released on 6 April 2009 and contains the individual songs listed.
 Een Rondje Holland is a live album by Ex Orkest an orchestra made up of the Dutch post-punk band The Ex accompanied by 15 other musicians. The album features orchestral arrangements of previously released Ex songs (often with the band's standard English lyrics replaced with those in their native Dutch) mixed with pieces of improvised music.
 Turn the Lights Out is the third album from American indie/garage rock band The Ponys. It was released on 20 March 2007. It was the first album from the band to be released on Matador Records having been previously signed to In the Red Records.
 Knives is the fourth studio album released by punk rock band Aiden. The album is a return to Aiden's punk rock style after the emo style of the album Conviction. The album was released on May 11 2009 in the UK and May 12 2009 in the United States through Victory Records. The band has described this album as raw it's fast it's pissed.
 Nevermind: The Singles is a box set released by American grunge band Nirvana on November 25 2011. It was released as a limited edition for Record Store Day 2011. The box contains the four commercially released singles from the Nevermind album on 10 vinyl. The release is limited to 5000 copies worldwide.
 Nö Sleep at All is the second official live album by the British band Motörhead following 1981's No Sleep 'til Hammersmith. It was recorded on 2 July 1988 at a Giants of Rock Festival performance in Hämeenlinna Finland.
 Teachers : New Term is the official soundtrack on the Channel 4 label of the third series of British television comedy-drama series Teachers.This album contains music by various artists heard in the show itself.
 Free the Universe is the second full-length album released by Major Lazer collaborative music project headed by record producer Diplo. The album was released on April 16 2013 and features appearances by Vampire Weekend's Ezra Koenig Dirty Projectors' Amber Coffman Tyga Flux Pavilion Bruno Mars Wyclef Jean Shaggy and more. The album peaked at #34 in both the US Album Chart and the UK Album Chart.
 Snakedressed is a 1997 album by Belgian industrial band Dive. Like most other Belgians Dirk Ivens was thoroughly revulsed by the Marc Dutroux affair and made this album partly in order to deal with those emotions.
 Live on the Edge of Forever is the first live album by progressive metal band Symphony X which was recorded on their European tour in 2000 and 2001. The album starts like their previous studio effort V: The New Mythology Suite but whereas The Death of Balance normally segues into Lacrymosa it now segues into Candlelight Fantasia from The Divine Wings of Tragedy album.
 Good Views Bad News is the second album by the punk rock band Broadway Calls. It was recorded at Blasting Room in Fort Collins Colorado Produced by Descendents drummer Bill Stevenson & Jason Livermore. The album will be preceded by the single Be All That You Can't Be released on July 21 2009 on 7 vinyl in 3 colours.
 The Abbey Road Sessions is a live DVD by American musician Donavon Frankenreiter.
 Message from a Drum is the third album by American band Redbone released in 1971. It was released in Europe under the name The Witch Queen of New Orleans with the same track list and a different cover. The CD version released in the early 2000s has the European cover and title of the original LP and includes the single version of Chant: 13th Hour as a bonus track (the full version being from the second LP Potlatch).
 Classic Moments is an album recorded and released by Patti LaBelle her second full-length release with Island Def Jam's Def Soul Classics imprint released in 2005.
 Black Vibrations is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1972 and released on the Prestige label.
 The Journey is the second studio album produced by Ky-Mani Marley Bob Marley's son released on August 22 2000. The album received good reviews and is Ky-Mani's first album featuring his own songs. The most notable song from this album eventually became Dear Dad with lyrics taken from a letter Ky-Mani wrote as a child to his father after he died.
 Skydiggers/Cash Brothers is a CD by the Canadian bands Skydiggers and The Cash Brothers released in 2006.The CD evolved from a series of collaborative shows played by the two bands in the fall and winter of 2005 and 2006. The bands have had a long and extensive shared history — Peter Cash is a former member of Skydiggers and Andrew Cash was a frequent collaborator with the band in their early years of performing.
 ReBirth is the 9th album by Masami Okui released on 4 February 2004.
 De mi corazón al aire is the first studio album of Vicente Amigo.
 Owl Hours is the second collaborative album from American rapper Awol One and Canadian producer Factor. It was released on Fake Four Inc. in 2009.
 Winter into Spring is the third solo album of pianist George Winston released in 1982. It was inspired by the transition of the seasons and was the follow-up to his 1980 album Autumn. It was reissued on Winston's Dancing Cat label.
 All Hours is the fifth album released by American indie pop band Ivy on September 20 2011 on Nettwerk. The song Suspicious from this album has featured in the ABC television series Body of Proof.
 Native Dancer is the fifteenth album by Wayne Shorter. It is a collaboration with Brazilian musician Milton Nascimento featuring some of his most acclaimed compositions including Ponta de Areia and Miracle of The Fishes. It is notable for including jazz rock and funk elements in addition to regional rhythms and Brazilian influence in an attempt to create a world music accessible from many perspectives.
 Airbacktrax is the first best-of album by German industrial music band X Marks the Pedwalk. It was released by Zoth Ommog in Europe as both an LP and CD and in North America by Cleopatra Records as a CD with the alternate title Abattoir.
 Circus in the Sky is the fifth studio album by the Australian hip hop trio Bliss N Eso following 2010's Running On Air. It was released on 28 June 2013 through Illusive Sounds. Bliss N Eso began recording the album in late 2012. The album revolves around themes such as optimism freedom and peace. The album instantly reached #1 on the iTunes albums chart upon release and debuted at #1 on the ARIA Albums Chart. The album was positively received and was accredited gold.
 Beat Beat Heartbeat was the first full-length album released by The Natural History on May 20 2003.
 Do It! is the fifth album by the band Clinic released on 7 April 2008. The single Free Not Free (with b-side Thor) was made available on 1 February 2008 as a free download from clinicvoot.org. Witch (Made to Measure) was released as the second single in May 2008. Tomorrow was released as a single on 24 November.
 Fever Ray is the debut solo album by Fever Ray an alias of Karin Dreijer Andersson of Swedish electronic music duo The Knife. It was originally released on 12 January 2009 in digital formats followed by a physical release on 18 March 2009. The album produced four singles—If I Had a Heart When I Grow Up Triangle Walks and Seven. Stranger Than Kindness and Keep the Streets Empty for Me were released as promotional singles in October and November 2009 respectively.
 Gone To Earth is an album by the English rock group Barclay James Harvest released in 1977. It reached #30 in the UK charts but in Germany it peaked at #10 and stayed for 197 weeks in the German album charts. As of 2011 it is ranked #6 on the list of longest running albums in the German album charts.
 The Kenny Dorham Memorial Album is a jazz studio album by Kenny Dorham. It was recorded January 10 1960 and released on the Xanadu label in 1975.
 The Future Is Now is the debut album from New York hip hop group Non Phixion released in March 2002 on Uncle Howie Records. The album garnered acclaim among critics and fans and is considered to be an underground classic. A double disc Platinum Edition of the album was released in 2004 with the second disc featuring instrumental versions of the fourteen full-length tracks found on disc one.
 Triple Black Diamond is a limited-edition experimental EP that was available at Genghis Tron shows during their July 2007 tour. It was limited to 444 copies. Following the tour a small number of additional copies were available from the Crucial Blast website.The Untitled Demo (Spring '07) was later named Colony Collapse.
 Venus Hum released Songs for Superheroes on January 1 2004 though Mono-Fi.
 Radio Video is an EP by Royal Trux. It was released as a one-sided twelve-inch and CD in 2000 by Drag City.
 Attitudes is the seventeenth solo album by Greek singer Demis Roussos released in 1982.
 Mirror Mirror is the 11th and last album by British pop band 10cc. It was released in 1995 and did not chart in the UK or US.Again featuring just two of 10cc's core band members Graham Gouldman and Eric Stewart the album included performances by Paul McCartney on two tracks Andrew Gold on two tracks and Rick Fenn on one track.Mirror Mirror was more a combination of two solo albums than a conventional 10cc production.
 Blood Brothers is a collaborative studio album by American rappers Kastro & E.D.I. from the hip hop group Outlawz. It was released on May 7 2002.
 Masum (Innocent) is the name of a Turkish album by Asya. It is her third studio album released in Turkey in 1999.
 Steve Wariner is a self-titled second album by country music artist Steve Wariner. It was released in 1982 by RCA Records. The album produced six singles overall on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart including All Roads Lead to You which stayed at number one for one week and spent a total of twelve weeks on the chart.
 As The Dark Against My Halo is a 2012 studio album by The Crüxshadows released by Wishfire Records.It was also available at the last concerts of their tour.
 Highlights from the Plugged Nickel is a compilation album by American jazz musician Miles Davis released in November 21 1995 by Sony Music Records and recorded from December 22 through December 23 1965 at the Plugged Nickel. It consists of a couple of tunes from The Complete Live at the Plugged Nickel 1965.
 Dirty Bomb is the first album by KGC a collaborative project between Sascha Konietzko Dean Garcia and Lucia Cifarelli released in 2006.
 Regular Urban Survivors is the third album by the British rock band Terrorvision. Perseverance Easy Bad Actress and Celebrity Hit List were each released as singles. Perseverance and Celebrity Hit List were both regular Match of the Day 'goal of the week' regulars. The album featured movie-themed artwork which depicted the band members as part of a James Bond/Mission: Impossible-style elite fighting force.
 The Message is a goatrance album produced by the Israeli project Message From God.
 Heartbeat is the second studio album of German band Bad Boys Blue released on October 19 1986 by Coconut Records. The album includes two international hits: I Wanna Hear Your Heartbeat (Sunday Girl) and Kisses And Tears (My One And Only). Three singles were also released from the record. Sometimes the name of the album is spelled as Heart beat.
 Hot Poppin' Popcorn is the 34th album released by the Australian children's music group The Wiggles.
 Kuma hé is the seventh studio album by the Flemish girlgroup K3. The album was released on 3 October 2005 through label Studio 100. Two singles were released from the album: Kuma hé and Borst vooruit. Kuma hé reached the peak position in both the Flemish and Dutch album charts. In 2009 a reissue of the album was released which contains the original songs as well as karaoke versions.
 Brown Sugar is the debut album of American recording artist D'Angelo released on July 3 1995 by EMI Music. Recording sessions for the album took place from 1994 to 1995 at Battery Studios and RPM Studios in New York City and at the Pookie Lab in Sacramento. Production instrumentation arrangements and songwriting were primarily handled by D'Angelo who employed both vintage recording equipment and modern electronic devices.
 Live is the first live album by Slime.
 Quattro Formaggi is the debut release by rock trio Dogstar.
 Sitting Targets is an album by Peter Hammill released on Virgin Records in June 1981. It contains several songs in the raw new wave style typical of Hammill's work in the late 70s and early 80s following the dissolution of his band Van der Graaf Generator and one of his occasional tender ballads Ophelia. Stranger Still Sign and Central Hotel have all been regularly performed by Hammill live in recent years.
 Trail of the Unwary is the second full-length album by the Finnish neofolk / ambient band Nest. It was released in January 2007 through Corvus Records.
 High Places: The Best Of Ron Kenoly is the sixth Christian worship music album recorded by Ron Kenoly and released in 1997 by Integrity/Hosanna! Music. Enter God's Presence through the music of Ron Kenoly with this collection featuring some of the most popular songs from Ron's best-selling albums.
 And the Glass Handed Kites is the fourth studio album by Danish band Mew released 19 September 2005 in Denmark 24 September 2005 in the United Kingdom and 25 July 2006 in the United States on Sony BMG. This was the last Mew album to feature bassist Johan Wohlert who left the band the following year to focus on being a father.
 Night of the Mark VII is a live album by saxophonist Clifford Jordan which was recorded in 1975 and first released on the Muse label.
 Perfect Sound Forever (1991) is Pavement's third release a 10 EP on Chicago's Drag City recording label. The songs on this record would later be made available on the Drag City compilation Westing (by Musket & Sextant).The EP's name came from a line in Sony's 1982 ad campaign for the first Compact Discs which assured potential buyers of the ultimate in both fidelity and longevity.
 Solitude/Solitaire released on 23 June 1986 is the second solo release by former-Chicago member and lead vocalist Peter Cetera his first album after leaving the band. It includes the hits Glory of Love and The Next Time I Fall (with Amy Grant). Both reached the No. 1 position on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
 Kissers and Killers is the seventh studio album from Christian alternative rock band The Choir released in 1993.
 Emmerson Nogueira Ao Vivo is the first live album and double-album by Brazilian Acoustic rock musician Emmerson Nogueira.
 Dagger Mouth is Swollen Members' sixth studio album released on April 12 2011 under Suburban Noize. The whole album only features one guest appearance which is made by Saigon.
 Njord is the third studio album by the German/Norwegian symphonic metal band Leaves' Eyes released on 28 August 2009 on Napalm Records.
 Paper Airplane is an album by Alison Krauss and Union Station. It was released on April 12 2011 and marks Krauss' fourteenth album. It is Krauss' first release with Union Station since Lonely Runs Both Ways in 2004.
 TRE3S is the third studio album by Chikita Violenta released in early 2011 to a mix of mild and enthusiastic reviews.
 Louder Than Bombs (stylised as Louder Than Bombs) is a compilation album by the English rock band The Smiths. It was released as a double album in March 1987 by their American record company Sire Records. Its highest chart position was number 63. Popular demand prompted their British record company Rough Trade to issue the album domestically as well. Upon its release in the UK in May 1987 it reached number 38 on the British charts.
 The Albatross Guest House is the second release from Bright. It came out as a split release CD on Darla Records (catalog #DRL-044) and Ba-Da-Bing! Records (catalog #BING-010) in 1997.
 Pharaoh is a mixtape by rapper Ronald. It is his seventh mixtape and his first mixtape under Privacy Records. The mixtape will be released sometime in 2013 and will feature local collaboratores Young Squlla Brandon J. and Matt Fab.
 Electric Funk is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy McGriff featuring performances recorded in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Blood Drive 2002 is a DVD document of Gwar's 2002 tour. According to Don Drakulich (Sleazy P. Martini) who filmed and edited this show only 200 copies were made on VHS tape and sold at shows. Due to fan demand Drakulich has released a DVD version from his original masters which is being sold through his Hypereal Productions web page.
 Más Corazón Profundo (English: More Deep Heart) is the fourteenth studio album by Colombian singer-songwriter Carlos Vives will be released on May 5 2014 by Sony Music Latin.
 Did you mean Otto von BismarckBizmark is the second album released by the USA rock band Donut Kings.
 Square Window is a promotional 3 CD EP by Squarepusher distributed only with pre-orders of Ultravisitor from Warp Records' online store. The five songs on this EP were also included on the second disc of the Japanese version of Ultravisitor.
 Flashes from the Archives of Oblivion is a live double album released in 1974 by Roy Harper.
 First of the Big Bands – BBC Live in Concert 1974 is a live album recorded on September 12 1974 at the London Palladium by Tony Ashton and Jon Lord and their all-star band featuring Ian Paice Carmine Appice Dick Parry and Max Middleton among others. The setlist features mainly songs off the album First of the Big Bands by Ashton & Lord released in 1974. The live album was released in 1993 by Windsong International.
 In Your Eyes is a 1983 album by George Benson. It is his only album produced by legendary producer Arif Mardin. It includes the hit Lady Love Me (One More Time). The title track would later be covered by Jeffrey Osborne for his 1986 album Emotional.
 Metal Hits is a compilation album by the heavy metal band Dio and was released in 2005 by Rhino Flashback Records. Multi-instrumentalist and heavy-metal mainstay Ronnie James Dio built up a hefty back catalog over the decades with a career that spans vocalizing for Rainbow Black Sabbath and of course his own group Dio.
 Sum of the Parts is an album by tenor saxophonist/composer-arranger Ed Summerlin released in 1998 on the Ictus label.
 The second full-length cd release from Ipswich ska band The Ballistics released in 2006 on Dental Records. The title refers to Kelso Cochrane.
 Permafrost is the third solo album from German ambient music producer Thomas Köner. Considered by manyTemplate:Who? as his greatest work he further develops the icy drone style of previous works making its climax in the title track. In 1996 the album was re-issued by Mille Plateaux along with his previous album Teimo on one disc.
 Go to the Future is the 2007 debut album of Sakanaction. It contains 8 tracks.
 Dream a Little Dream is a collaborative studio album by Pink Martini and the von Trapps released by Heinz Records on March 4 2014. Members of the von Trapps a Portland-based group of descendents of the von Trapp family include Sofia Melanie Amanda and August von Trapp. The album features guests Charmian Carr Jack Hanna The Chieftains and Wayne Newton. Three of the songs were written by August von Trapp.
 It's All Good is the seventh studio album by American country music artist Joe Nichols. It was released on November 8 2011 via Show Dog-Universal Music. The album includes the top 30 single Take It Off. Craig Morgan also recorded the track This Ole Boy for his album of the same name.
 Moments is the second album by Norwegian pop singer Christine Guldbrandsen released in 2004 in Norway and through Sony BMG Entertainment Norway.
 These Are Soulful Days is an album by organist Don Patterson recorded in 1973 and released on the Muse label.
 Under the Running Board is an EP by American mathcore band The Dillinger Escape Plan released on October 22 1998. The album shows a more experimental side which would later be more developed on Calculating Infinity. This is also the band's first release on Relapse Records. The song Abe the Cop would later be performed and recorded on their self-titled EP's re-release in 2000.
 Endorama is the ninth studio album by German thrash metal band Kreator released in 1999 by Drakkar Records. The gothic metal influences were the most prominent on this release and Lacrimosa frontman Tilo Wolff provided guest vocals on the title song.
 Madara (斑蠡) is first music video release by Japanese band The Gazette released on March 30 2004. This music video including on Madara.
 Live Warrior is a live album by Richard Thompson recorded during the 2007 tours of the UK and USA to support the Sweet Warrior album. It is released on Thompson's boutique Beeswing label.The album's track selection emphasises material from the then recently released Sweet Warrior.
 Live in Budokan (LIVE IN 武道館) is the sixth live album by Japanese duo Pink Lady. It was released on February 5 1979.
 Slave to the Machine is this first full-length album by American rock band Lynam released on a major label. Released in 2006 this album peaked at #21 on Billboard's Top Independent Albums chart and #19 on its Top Heatseekers chart. Several of the tracks on this album can also be found on Lynam's earlier releases. Losing Venus and Never Fade Away were both on Bling! Bling! while Tanis Letting Go and By Your Side also appeared on Life in Reverse.
 The Rising is the 12th studio album by American recording artist Bruce Springsteen released in 2002 on Columbia Records. In addition to being Springsteen's first studio album in seven years it was also his first with the E Street Band in 18 years. It is centered around Springsteen's reflections on the September 11 2001 attacks.Upon its release The Rising was a critical and commercial success and hailed as the triumphant return for Springsteen.
 Bohemia is an album released by Ils in 2005 on Distinct'ive Records.
 White Light is a full-length album released by the British electronic music duo Groove Armada in 2010. It consists alternative versions of songs from their previous album Black Light along with one new song entitled 1980.
 Stone Cold Rhymin is the debut album by rapper Young MC. It was originally released in 1989 on Delicious Vinyl and was later re-issued by Rhino Records. The third track Bust a Move was Young MC's biggest hit and is his most well known song reaching No. 7 on the Billboard Hot 100 and topping the charts in Australia. His follow-up single Principal's Office reached No. 33 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was nominated for Best Rap Video at the 1990 MTV Video Music Awards.
 Smoking with Willis is an album by saxophonist Willis Jackson which was recorded in New York City in 1965 and released on the Cadet label.
 the JaneDear girls is the self-titled debut album by American country duo the JaneDear girls. It was released on February 1 2011 via Reprise Nashville. The lead-off single Wildflower was a Top 20 hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. The album produced two further singles in Shotgun Girl (a minor Top 40 hit) and Merry Go Round.
 Dancefloor Deluxe is the third album and the first compilation album by Swedish eurodance group Alcazar. It was released in Sweden on August 25 2004.
 The Best Crowd We Ever Had is The Elders' first live album.
 Tangerine is the fourth full-length album by singer/songwriter David Mead released on the Tallulah label in 2006.
 Star in the Hood EP Vol. 1 is the second extended play (EP) by recording artist Tinchy Stryder. It was released in June 2009 by Takeover Entertainment prior to the release of Stryder's second solo studio album Catch 22. The EP is the first of a two-part free downloadable EP. Its cover art is a photo taken during the Catch 22 promo shoot.
 I Want to See the Bright Lights Tonight is the second album released by Richard Thompson and the first including and credited with his then wife Linda Thompson as Richard and Linda Thompson. It was released by Island Records in the UK in 1974.
 Live-Loud-Alive: Loudness in Tokyo is the first live album by the Japanese band Loudness. It was recorded and released in 1983. The instrumental track Tusk of Jaguar appears on Akira Takasaki's first solo album with the same name. The opening theme is taken from The Planets by Gustav Holst performed by the Orchestre National de l'Opera de Montecarlo conducted by Antonio de Almeida.
 The Lex Diamond Story is the third studio album by American hip hop rapper and Wu-Tang Clan-member Raekwon released December 16 2003 on his Ice H2O label through Universal Records. The album features contributions from Wu-Tang members Ghostface Killah Method Man Masta Killa Inspectah Deck and Cappadonna with production by several hip hop producers including Emile and DJ Khalil. It is the only Raekwon album that omits the chef moniker on the cover art.
 Christmas Spirit is a Christmas-themed album by Donna Summer released in 1994.
 Cable Ready is the eighth volume of the Television's Greatest Hits series of compilation albums by TVT Records. The album catalog was later acquired by The Bicycle Music Company. In September 2011 Los Angeles-based Oglio Records announced they were releasing the Television's Greatest Hits song catalog after entering into an arrangement The Bicycle Music Company. A series of 9 initial 6-packs including some of the songs from the album has been announced for 2011.
 The Wild Places is the eleventh album by American singer/songwriter Dan Fogelberg released in 1990 (see 1990 in music).
 Will of the Gods is Great Power was the debut and only album of the Russian doom metal band Scald. The album was released in 1996.
 Laughter Tears and Rage was the sole album produced by Act - the short musical collaboration between Thomas Leer and ex-Propaganda vocalist Claudia Brücken. Originally scheduled to be titled Name Dropping: Songs for Young Sinners it was released 27 June 1988 (1988-06-27) by ZTT Records. The album was deleted by ZTT in the early 90s.
 Sinamorata is a DVD by death/doom metal band My Dying Bride produced in 2005. The DVD contains two promotional video clips another two clips created by My Dying Bride fans plus live video cuts and art galleries of live images band images and fan-made artwork. Also the DVD has live footage from a Hof Ter Lo performance in Antwerp November 2003.
 Slave to the Empire is the debut studio album released by the band T & N.
 Rat a Tat Tat is the fifth solo album by Jason Collett of Broken Social Scene.
 If the River Was Whiskey is the sixth studio album by American jam band Spin Doctors. The album was released on April 30 2013 by Ruf Records.
 It's All About is the 1968 debut album of British band Spooky Tooth. The album was originally released in England by Island Records.In West Germany the record was released by Fontana. The American version of the album entitled Spooky Tooth was originally released on Bell in 1968. It was reissued in 1971 as Tobacco Road.
 Something Special is the fifth album by the Los Angeles California-based R&B group The Sylvers.
 One Kiss is the seventh studio album by Canadian country music group Prairie Oyster. It was released by Open Road Recordings on August 22 2006. Sweet Sweet Girl to Me Too Bad for Me I Threw It All Away One Kiss and Open Up Your Heart were released as singles.
 Introducing the Eleventh House with Larry Coryell is The Eleventh House's debut album released 1974 for the Vanguard. According to All About Jazz it was one of the pioneer jazz-rock fusion albums.
 It's Real is the second studio album by American R&B duo and brothers K-Ci & JoJo released on June 22 1999 on MCA Records. Recording sessions took place from 1998–1999. The album peaked within the top 10 on the US Billboard 200 as well as Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. On July 26 1999 the album was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipments of 1000000 copies in the United States.
 Jazz at Massey Hall is a live jazz album featuring a performance by the Quintet given on 15 May 1953 at Massey Hall in Toronto. The quintet was composed of several leading 'modern' players of the day: Dizzy Gillespie Charlie Parker Bud Powell Charles Mingus and Max Roach.
 The Journey Continues is Bradley Joseph's sixth album (see 2003 in music). A sequel to Solo Journey this album was written after sound checks while on Yanni's Ethnicity World Tour. Soft piano to calm compose and renew.At the beginning of 2003 I embarked on my sixth tour with Yanni traveling 27000 miles throughout North America. It was remarkable to play arenas in 60 of our country's greatest cities including Madison Square Garden in New York and the Los Angeles Hollywood Bowl.
 Honkytonk University is the ninth studio album by country music singer Toby Keith released in 2005. The album has been certified 2× Multi-Platinum for sales of in excess of 2 million units.Honkytonk U was the first single to be released from the album breaking the country top 10. As Good as I Once Was was the album's biggest hit topping the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts for six weeks.
 Sorry 4 the Wait is a mixtape by rapper Lil Wayne named Sorry 4 the Wait as an attempt to apologize for the continued delay of his ninth album Tha Carter IV. Wayne said the mixtape would have about 10 songs and be similar to No Ceilings with him using other artists' tracks and making a cover track. It was released for digital download on July 13 2011.
 Susie Suh is the debut album by American singer-songwriter Susie Suh. It was released on Epic Records in 2005.
 World mix is a re-release version of the Deep Forest eponymous album originally released in 1992. The record was released by Columbia Records on 13 April 1994.
 Shine So Hard is a live 12 EP released by the band Echo & the Bunnymen on 10 April 1981. The EP reached number 37 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Aruagint is the third album by Norwegian black/thrash metal band Sarke. It was released September 20 2013 via Indie Recordings.
 Woob2 4495 is the second full-length album from Woob the stage name of ambient musician Paul Frankland. It was released in the UK on em:t records on 21 September 1995.
 All Over the Road is the second studio album by American country music artist Easton Corbin. It was released on September 18 2012 via Mercury Nashville. The album's first single Lovin' You Is Fun hit the Top 10 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.The album's track listing was announced on July 17.As of March 6 2013 the album has sold 102000 copies.
 Free is a 2007 album by violinist David Garrett released in Europe by Decca.
 The Art of The Trio is a studio album by pianist Sonny Clark. It features alternate takes of three October 1957 pieces originally appeared on Sonny Clark Trio while the new tracks were recorded on November 16 1958. The album was released only in Japan in 1980 as GXF 3069 then reissued again in Japan in the 1990s as The 45 Sessions featuring an alternate take of Gee Baby Ain't I Good To You?.
 Zbogom Srbijo (Serbian Cyrillic: Збогом Србијо trans. Farewell Serbia) is the twelfth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba released in 1993.Zbogom Srbijo is the last album recorded with guitarist Zoran Ilić. Although Vlada Barjaktarević played the keyboards (and co-produced the album) he would become the official member of the band after the release of the band's following studio album Ostalo je ćutanje.
 Alejandra Guzmán En Vivo is the second live album recorded by Mexican singer Alejandra Guzmán. A DVD with the full concert was also released. The only new track included is a version of Wild Thing by Chip Taylor.
 Maniaxe is Ghoul's 2003 follow up to their debut album We Came for the Dead!!! released by Razorback Records. As before the lyrics in this album continue the band's storyline and introduces Ghoul's new nemesis The Ghoul Hunter. Maniaxe also introduces a fourth member to Ghoul Dissector.The last track What a Wonderful World is a parody of Louis Armstrong's hit with the lyrics perverted into an observation of nuclear war.
 Bohemia is an album by Leo Sidran. It was released on June 1 2004 on Liquid 8.
 Because of You is an album released by James Darren in 2001.
 Doc Watson at Gerde's Folk City is the title of live recordings by American folk music and country blues artist Doc Watson released in 2001. The recordings are of Watson's first solo public performances recorded in 1962 and 1963 at Gerde's Folk City. The tracks were never released prior to 2001.
 Bigg Snoop Dogg presents...Welcome to tha Chuuch: Da Album is a 2005 various artists compilation executive produced by Snoop Dogg. The Save Tookie version of the single Real Soon by the DPGC featuring Jamie Foxx can be downloaded for free from the Doggystyle Records website. It features the reunited Dogg Pound and the comeback for The Lady of Rage.Track 110 features the artist Mira Craig who is best known in Norway.There were two videos launched for promotion.
 Pictures is the debut studio album by Trance artist Leon Bolier released on September 29 2008.
 A Christmas Album is an album by Bright Eyes released in 2002. The proceeds of the album go to the Nebraska AIDS Project.Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas appeared in the 2004 film Imaginary Heroes and Blue Christmas was featured in an episode of The O.C. entitled The Best Chrismukkah Ever. Initially released only online it was released on 180 g white vinyl in 2009.This album is the 48th release of Saddle Creek Records.
 Broadway Calls is the debut self-titled album by the punk rock band Broadway Calls. It was recorded at Nu Tone Studios (Green Day Samiam Dillinger Four) in Pittsburg California. and produced by Willie Samuels. The album was originally released in 2007 through Smallman Records but was later released through Adeline Records which is co-owned by Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day. The album yielded 2 singles - Call It Off and Back To Oregon both having videos made for them.
 Studio Sessions New York & Chicago 1965 1966 & 1971 is the tenth volume of The Private Collection—a series documenting recordings made by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington for his personal collection which was first released on the LMR label in 1987 and later on the Saja label.
 Last Chair Violinist is the tenth album by South Park Mexican and the third since the start of his 45 year incarceration (for child molestation) in 2002.It features guest appearances by Juan Gotti Baby Bash Lucky Luciano Carolyn and others. The CD consists of 17 songs including the hit single Mexican Heaven. Last Chair Violinist was released on November 18 2008 by Dope House Records. The album also contains a bonus disc of Coy's songs that have been on previous albums.
 Come Together: America Salutes The Beatles is a tribute album to The Beatles. Released in 1995 (see 1995 in country music) on Liberty Records the album features covers of various Beatles songs as performed by country music artists. The album cover features artwork by John Lennon.
 Theusz Hamtaahk is a live album by the French progressive rock band Magma released in 2001. The album was recorded in 2000 over the course of two days during Magma's 30th anniversary shows at the Trianon theater Paris France and released both as a 3 audio CD box with a 16 page color booklet and librettos containing all the lyrics and as a DVD.
 Freak Show marked the beginning of The Residents' obsession with emerging computer technology in the 1990s. Much of the music was made with various MIDI devices. Freak Show also served as the name for a CD-ROM that was released in 1994 a stage performance by a theater company at the Archa Theater in Prague that premiered on November 1 1995 and a comic book. Several of the songs were also performed live during the 1997 25th anniversary concerts at the Fillmore in San Francisco.
 El Fin De Los Inicuos (translated: The End of the Iniquitous Ones) was released in 1986 through the small Umbral label company which was practically ruined and would disappear some months later; after releasing the album Un Paso Mas En La Batalla band members Osvaldo Civile and Gustavo Rowek did quit Walter Giardino (guitar) Miguel Roldan (guitar) and Gustavo Andino (drums) did replace them but four months later Giardino is fired from the group because he had a fight with bassist and main man Ricardo Iorio Adrian Cenci then replaces drummer Andino as well to finally record this their last album. 
 Twist the Truth is the fourth album by Norwegian musician Lene Marlin. It was released on 30 March 2009. Here We Are was released as the first single from the album.Marlin began work on the album with Even Magnet Johansen in late spring 2008.
 Electric Mole (エレクトリック・モール) is a concert video recorded on Ringo Shiina's nationwide Sugoroku Ecstasy (雙六エクスタシー Sugoroku Ecstasy) tour in the summer of 2003.
 Return to Earth is Michale Graves' second LP as a solo artist released on October 31 2006. Featuring “Nobody Thinks About Me” and the long waited release of “Butchershop.”
 Live at the Royal Albert Hall is a live album by British hard rock band Deep Purple recorded on 25 September – 26 September 1999 at the Royal Albert Hall in London with the London Symphony Orchestra and released on 8 February 2000 on Spitfire records.The album was a project started in 1999 by keyboardist Jon Lord who sought to recreate the band's innovative 1969 album Concerto for Group and Orchestra of which the original score was lost.
 Estate is a jazz album by Michel Petrucciani.The album was recorded in the Forum Recording Studio Rome during the spring of 1982. The title is the Italian word for summer pronounced [eˈstaːtɛ].
 Live for Today is an EP by Delaware band Boysetsfire. It contains three studio recordings as well as three live recordings. The studio songs are from the sessions for the Tomorrow Come Today album on which Release the Dogs and Bathory's Sainthood would eventually be released. Curtain Call is an exclusive song for this EP. The live songs are from the After the Eulogy and the Tomorrow Come Today albums. They were recorded at Club Krome in South Amboy New Jersey on July 19 2002.
 The Very Best of Sheryl Crow is a greatest hits album by American singer/songwriter Sheryl Crow released on October 13 2003 in the United Kingdom and November 4 2003 in the United States. The album was a commercial success reaching #2 on both the UK Album Chart and the Billboard 200 selling 4 million units in the US as of January 2008. The album also received a Platinum accreditation by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry for sales of over 1 million copies in Europe.
 Live in Malaysia 2004 is the fourth in a series of live Incubus albums and was released by the band in 2004. All series proceeds go to the band's charitable arm the Make Yourself Foundation. The concert was held at Bukit Kiara Equestarian Park in Kuala Lumpur on the 16th of March 2004 and an 8000 strong crowd celebrated in the Incubus sonic assault. Notable among the setlist was Pantomime and the Everything In Ebb Jam in the middle of Vitamin.
 A Graveyard of Empty Bottles is rock band The Dogs D'Amour's third studio album released in 1989. The album is the first of the band's full-length albums to enter the UK Albums Chart top 100 reaching #16.The album itself didn't actually spawn any singles even though it was the Dogs D'Amour's highest ever charting release. All guitars on the album are acoustic.The album was also released in a limited edition 10 vinyl format.
 Inphasion is Papa John Creach's seventh solo album and his last with DJM Records. Creach would not record another studio album until 1992.
 Just Good Ol' Boys is first second album by country singers Moe Bandy and Joe Stampley released in 1979 on the Columbia label recorded at the CBS Recording Studios Nashville Tennessee and Jack Clements Recording Studio Tennessee.
 Spellbound is the second studio album released by Paula Abdul in May 1991. The album was an international success and spawned major radio hits with the singles Rush Rush The Promise of a New Day Blowing Kisses in the Wind Vibeology and Will You Marry Me?. The album went triple platinum in the United States and peaked at No. 1 on the Billboard 200. Its worldwide sales stand at 7 million.Some tracks are mixed using QSound.
 Come Hell or High Water is a CD and DVD by the hard rock group Deep Purple. It was recorded on 16 October 1993 in Hanns-Martin-Schleyer-Halle in Stuttgart Germany and in Birmingham on 9 November.The album is one of the last to feature Ritchie Blackmore as he quit after the concert on 17 November 1993 in Helsinki Finland. He was replaced by Joe Satriani for the rest of the tour and later by Steve Morse.
 Slave to the System is the debut album by the American alternative hard rock supergroup Slave to the System released independently in 2002 and re-released through Spitfire Records on February 21 2006.
 Ravipops (The Substance) is an album by C-Rayz Walz an American hip hop musician who is currently signed to Definitive Jux. The title represents C-Rayz Walz status as a father or a pops to a newborn Ravi a Hindu solar deity.
 Donuts is an instrumental hip hop album by producer J Dilla. Donuts was released on February 7 2006 his 32nd birthday and only three days before his death. On Metacritic Donuts received universal acclaim from critics based on an aggregate score of 84/100 from 15 reviews.
 Silver Haze is the second album by Swedish rock band The Quill.
 Lefty is the seventh solo album by Art Garfunkel released in 1988. The album features three songs by singer-songwriter Stephen Bishop. The album's cover photo shows a pre-teen Art Garfunkel holding a baseball bat in the front yard of his childhood home in the Forest Hills section of Queens New York City. It was taken by his brother Jules.
 Voice of the Voyager is an album by Canadian folk rock band Uisce Beatha (Ish-Ka Baha). It was recorded at dB Studios London Ontario January 1994.
 Dead Can Dance (1981–1998) (2001) is a four-disc box set containing three CDs of music spanning Dead Can Dance's career and a DVD of their 1994 video release Toward the Within.While most of the tracks are taken from previously released albums this set also contains a large number of rarities. Frontier (Demo) and The Protagonist were originally released on the 1987 4AD compilation Lonely Is an Eyesore.
 Me Quedo Sola is the first album by the Mexican singer Paty Cantú launched in 2009.
 Singolare is an album by Italian singer Mina originally distributed back to back with album Plurale.
 The Return of the Magnificent Seven is the second collaborative album between Motown label mates The Supremes and The Four Tops released in 1971. The album featured fewer covers than their first album together The Magnificent 7. None of the three albums the Supremes did with the Four Tops matched the success of the Supremes/Temptations duet albums.
 Where I Started is the third studio album by Canadian blues-rock band Wide Mouth Mason. The album produced four successful singles Why Companion (Lay Me Down) Sugarcane and Half A Chance. The album was certified Gold in Canada in December 2002. A live version of the song King Of Poison was featured on MuchMusic's live compilation album Much at Edgefest '99.
 Greatest Hits Live! is a live album by Jaki Graham which was recorded circa 2002. The concert contains live version of many of Jaki Graham's biggest selling singles as well as cover versions of other Soul classics. The album is available now from TCM Music Group on CD and also worldwide via digital download.
 African Herbsman is a compilation of the Wailers songs released by Trojan Records in 1973 shortly after their major-label debut album Catch a Fire had been released by Island Records. The compilation is the UK equivalent of the Jamaican album Soul Revolution with the songs Memphis and Duppy Conqueror V/4 replaced by several other tracks from the period.
 Ain't It Funky is an album by James Brown recorded between 1966 and 1969 and originally released in 1970.
 Ako nikdy predtým is Misha's fourth studio album released in 2010.
 TGTC (The Greater Than Club) is the debut studio album by rap group Fly Union. The album was released on iTunes and as a free digital download through their website on April 26 2011 Since the album's initial release it has been licensed through Hype Music. A digital copy of TGTC is currently available for purchase on iTunes and Amazon. A physical copy of the album is also available for purchase on Fly Union's website. To date the album has generated over 100000 downloads.
 The Chronicle of the Black Sword is the fourteenth studio album by the English space rock group Hawkwind released in 1985. It spent two weeks on the UK albums chart peaking at #65.
 Love is a Dog From Hell is the second and final studio album by American spoken word artist Maggie Estep. It was released on July 1 1997 via Mouth Almighty and Mercury Records. The album represents a musical departure from Estep's previous album No More Mr. Nice Girl.
 Perfect Darkness is the fifth album from British musician Fink and the fourth to be recorded with his self-titled band. It was released globally by Ninja Tune on 13 June 2011 and on 19 July 2011 in North and South America.
 Sprawling Fawns is the third album by Inga Liljeström. It was released in 2006. It contains five new songs and six remixes of songs from Elk.Some Velvet Morning is a cover of a psychedelic pop song written by Lee Hazlewood and originally recorded by Hazlewood and Nancy Sinatra in late 1967.
 Rita Lee is the third solo album by Rita Lee released following her split with Tutti Frutti. Heavily influenced by the disco sound that was popular at the time Rita Lee can be seen as a transitional album with Lee veering away from her signature stadium rock sound towards a more accessible mainstream sound. The album is noted for being the first of many collaborations to follow with her now husband Roberto de Carvalho.
 Thou Shalt Not Fall is the second album by G Tom Mac. It was produced by Gerard McMann and Tony Silver and was released in 2007 on the Edge Artists record label.
 Traffic is the second album by the English rock band Traffic released in 1968 on Island Records in the United Kingdom as ILP 981T (mono)/ILPS 9081T (stereo) and United Artists in the United States as UAS 6676 (stereo). It peaked at number 9 in the UK albums chart and at number 17 on the Billboard 200.
 The Fantasy Effect is the debut studio album by American heavy metal band Reflections. The band released a single titled Advance Upon Me Brethren on December 12 2011 which later appeared on the album as track six. The band stated that this album was recorded via Mixcraft 4. They were unsigned at the time of release but soon after releasing The Fantasy Effect Reflections were signed to record labels eOne and Good Fight.
 Man with a Vision is the 3rd album by John Parr released in 1992. The album featured the track Restless Heart which was for The Running Man soundtrack in 1987. The album is collectable today. The title track Man With a Vision was originally recorded by Seven in 1990 which Parr produced. The song was written by Parr Keith McFarlane and Simon LeFevre. Parr wouldn't release his next album until 1996.
 All Time Greatest Hits is the first official compilation of Brenda K. Starr's singles from 1987-2000. It was released in early 2002 on the label Platano. It features her Billboard Hot 100 hits (excluding No Matter What feat. George Lamond) Breakfast In Bed I Still Believe and her award winning song What You See Is What You Get. All Time Greatest Hits also includes her Spanish language hits such as Herida Hombre Mio Hombre Ajeno Petalos de Fuego among others.
 Beginnings: The Best of the Early Years is a greatest hits compilation album by Irish group Clannad. The albums contains tracks from most of the group's 1970s albums and was released in August 2008.
 Tales from the Sick is the debut studio album by American rapper Prozak. The album was released on June 3 2008. It is the rapper's first release on Strange Music and is his first release of solo material following his first solo EP Aftabirth which was released in 2001. The album peaked at #8 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart #25 on the Top Independent Albums chart and #52 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 The Leslie West Band is the third album released by American rock guitarist Leslie West. The album recorded at Electric Lady Studios in New York City was released on Bud Prager's Phantom Records in 1976 and features Mick Jones on guitar.
 Her Majesty the Decemberists is the second full-length album by The Decemberists released on September 9 2003 by Kill Rock Stars. The song Song for Myla Goldberg was written years earlier after Colin Meloy had been a media escort for the novelist Myla Goldberg during a tour following the publication of her first book Bee Season.
 Shine is the first EP released by Brazilian singer Daniel Peixoto and was released on June 2011 by French label AbatJour Records. Peixoto was chosen Artist of the Week in voting of MTV IGGY from New York.The single Eu Só Paro Se Cair peaked at number ten on the German Airplay Chart. Shine became single in february 16 2013 with a videoclip shot in the tropical beaches of Fortaleza.
 I Am the Bloody Earth is a three-track EP released by British doom metal band My Dying Bride on 24 January 1994.The EP was released as part of the limited box-set The Stories alongside the band's other singles Symphonaire Infernus et Spera Empyrium and The Thrash of Naked Limbs. All three were released on one disc on the compilation Trinity in 1995 although the Trinity release of the EP replaces Transcending (Into The Exquisite) with The Sexuality Of Bereavement.
 Face First is the sixth album by jazz fusion band Tribal Tech. It was released in 1993.
 Runnin' Wild is a collaboration album by American guitarist Tony Rice mandolinist Larry Rice guitar and banjo player Herb Pedersen and guitar/bass player Chris Hillman. This Anti-supergroup as they call themselves has already issued three volumes of music together. They blend folk music progressive bluegrass and contemporary country and this album contains both original songs as well as country classics.
 Live In Moscow is a VHS of a video recording of Coil. The live performance took place on 15 September 2001 at DK Gorbunova in Moscow Russia. This video is exactly the same performance as Live Two.This release was given to attendees at Coil's return to Moscow on September 26 2002 and was also made available for sale.A box-set edition limited to 35 copies was available. It contained a copy of the video a t-shirt a poster and a concert ticket.Many unofficial bootlegs have surfaced on ebay.
 Rejoice is an album by The Emotions released in 1977 on Columbia Records and produced by Maurice White of Earth Wind & Fire. The album contains the highly successful number one Pop R&B and Disco hit Best of My Love and Rejoice has been certified platinum in the US by the RIAA. Rejoice was also the third bestselling R&B album of 1977.
 16 Biggest Hits is a compilation album American country music artist George Jones. This album was released on July 14 1998 on the Legacy Recordings and Epic Records label. This album was certified Gold on November 5 2002 by the RIAA. It has sold 1188000 copies in the US as of April 2013.
 Hot is the second studio album by Squirrel Nut Zippers released in 1996.
 Highball Roller is the debut album by punk rock group Sorry and the Sinatras on May 11 2009 through UnderGroove Records. The group recorded the album in less than three weeks in Barnsley United Kingdom with producer Jason Sanderson in September 2008
 Let's Welcome the Circus People is third album solo by Guided by Voices member Tobin Sprout released in 1999.
 Dawn Escapes is the second album by Christian rock band Falling Up released in 2005 on the Tooth & Nail Records imprint BEC Recordings.The album charted better than their last album Crashings. The album reached the Billboard 200 albums chart peaking at No. 170 becoming the band only album to show on that.[citation needed] The album also charted on Billboard Top Chrisitian albums chart and peak at No. 13 and reached Billboard Top Heatseekers albums chart peaking at No.
 The Pulse Of Decay is Hades Almighty's last studio album.
 Camouflage Heart is the debut album from Cindytalk released by Midnight Music in 1984. There are two versions of the LP: the first copy has the figure in the woods image on the cover and comes with a lyric sheet; the other version has a picture sleeve and the originally intended cover of Gordon Sharp standing against a wall.The album reached #22 in the UK Indie Chart
 Tribute to the Gods is a tribute/cover album by heavy metal band Iced Earth. It is notable as the last Iced Earth album featuring Larry Tarnowski on lead guitar and the last featuring singer Matt Barlow on vocals until his 2007 return and their last album with Century Media. This record technically was first released the year before in the box set Dark Genesis but was re-released as a standalone disc in 2002.
 Apollonia 6 is the only studio album released by R&B vocal trio and Prince-protégés Apollonia 6.The album was initially to be the second release by the Prince-formed group Vanity 6 but when lead singer Vanity departed Prince's camp the musician hired Patricia Kotero and named her Apollonia thus changing the group's name and album.Apollonia 6 the album primarily features the vocals of Kotero and Bennett with backing vocals by Wendy & Lisa and Jill Jones (Susan Moonsie only recorded one song for this album). 
 Autumn in New York is an album recorded in 1954 by the jazz guitarist Tal Farlow. It was one of his earliest for Verve Records and is of a generally relaxed style with only the final track Cherokee being a little more up-tempo.
 Buzz or Howl Under the Influence of Heat is the sixth overall release (fourth extended play or EP release and their first 12-inch EP) from American hardcore punk band Minutemen.
 Number One is the first DVD video release by Greek singer Elena Paparizou. It is a collection of all her music videos from the beginning of her solo career along with some extra videos. It was released one month before the final of Eurovision Song Contest 2005 where Paparizou won first place.
 KISS: Rock The Nation Live! is a 2005 live music DVD by American hard rock band Kiss. The DVD is popular because of the addition of Kiss Powervision which enables the viewer to select different camera angles each focusing on a different member of the band. The live concert was performed July 24 2004 at the Nissan Pavilion in Virginia.
 H2O: Just Add Water is the television soundtrack for series two of the television show of the same name and consists of fifteen tracks by Australian singer Kate Alexa. It is Alexa's second album to be released and her first soundtrack album.
 Beyond Fear is the eponymous debut album from Beyond Fear a heavy metal band formed by ex-Iced Earth/ex-Judas Priest vocalist Tim Owens.
 Mandorock is a studio album by the Phil Beer Band in 2000. Like the follow-up Once in a Blue Moon it is very rare. Mandorock is the first Phil Beer Band album and Beer's fifth solo studio album. Mandorock 2000 Live released in 2009 a live recording from the Phil Beer Band from this era.The song Red River Valley appeares on Box Set One (2010).
 Dare to Be Stupid is the third studio album by Weird Al Yankovic released in 1985. The album was one of many produced by former The McCoys guitarist Rick Derringer.
 Contact was Freda Payne's fourth album and her second for Invictus Records. The majority of the material on this album contains sad themes with the exception of You Brought the Joy. The album begins with a dramatic 11-minute medley of I'm Not Getting Any Better and Suddenly It's Yesterday both of which were written by Brian Holland and Lamont Dozier.
 Strawbs in Concert is a studio album by English band Strawbs. The tracks are taken from recordings of two BBC In Concert programmes from 1973 (tracks 1 – 11) and 1974 (tracks 12 – 16).
 Dirt is the second studio album from Welsh rock band Kids in Glass Houses released on 29 March 2010 through Roadrunner Records. The album was recorded during mid-2009 at Sonic Boom Ranch Studios in Texas with Jason Perry and at Long Wave Studios in Wales with Smart Casual producer Romesh Dodangoda. The lead single from the album was Young Blood (Let It Out) and was released on 4 October 2009. The second single from the album is Matters At All and was released on 31 January 2010.
 Beautiful Ballads & Love Songs is a compilation album by American jazz musician Miles Davis released in January 15 2008 by Columbia Records.
 Super Ape is a dub album produced and engineered by Lee Scratch Perry credited to his studio band The Upsetters.In Jamaica the album was released under the name Scratch the Super Ape in July 1976 on Perry's own Upsetter label.
 Hallelujah All the Way Home is the debut album by New Zealand group The Verlaines. First released in 1985 by Flying Nun Records it was re-released by Homestead Records in 1989.
 The Rose EP is a five-song EP released by Menomena in 2001.
 Live – För dig is a live album from 2001 by the Swedish musician Lars Winnerbäck. In addition to the live recordings the album contains the new song För dig which was released as a single in September 2001.
 The Crown Jewels EP is the second extended play (EP) by Welsh recording artist Marina and the Diamonds. It was released digitally on 1 June 2009 and physically on 22 June 2009. The cover artwork was designed by Cristiana Couceiro. I Am Not a Robot and Seventeen are also featured on Diamandis's debut album The Family Jewels (2010).
 Pale Communion is the upcoming eleventh studio album by Swedish band Opeth. It will be released on 17 June 2014 through Roadrunner Records. The album was produced by Mikael Åkerfeldt and mixed by Steven Wilson. The track listing was revealed on 7 April 2014.
 Mantra of Love is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released in 2004 by Alien8 Recordings.
 Good Night Dear Lord is the fourth studio album by vocalist Johnny Mathis. The UK Fontana LP release was re-titled Heavenly
 London Conversation is the first album by John Martyn released on Island Records in 1967. Largely self-penned the album is much more folk oriented than the Blues/Jazz tinged later releases. The album reputedly cost £158 to record.
 Faces & Places is a jazz album by Joe Zawinul released in 2002 on ESC Records.
 Wishmaster is the third album of Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish released on 19 May 2000 by Spinefarm Records.Wishmaster's sound continues the bombastic symphonic power metal approach originally featured on Oceanborn albeit with more emphasis on atmosphere and melody versus powerful speed and heaviness. Perhaps even more so than its predecessor Wishmaster has a very clear fantasy theme.
 Le Cuisinier is a studio album by Merzbow released by Stratosphere Music in 1983 on a cassette. The album consists of an improvisation between Merzbow and Kiyoshi Mizutani. It was recorded on July 3 1983 at Music Studio Kichijoji Tokyo and mixed at Merz-Bau.The album was reissued at some point but due to the lack of notoriety at the time and the limited amount of copies much of the information of this re-issue including the date and the releasing label is unknown.
 Thunder from Down Under is the third studio album by guitarist Frank Gambale released in 1990 through Victor Entertainment and reissued on April 24 2001 through Samson Records.
 Room with a View is the debut album of Canadian country music artist Carolyn Dawn Johnson and was released on August 7 2001 on Arista Nashville. Certified gold by the CRIA it produced two consecutive Number One hits for Johnson on the Canadian country singles charts in Georgia and Complicated. Georgia was also a #25 hit for Johnson on the U.S. Hot Country Songs charts while Complicated reached #5 on the U.S. country charts and #15 on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks charts.
 Agapeland is an album by multiple Dove Award-winning and Grammy Award-nominated music group Candle. Most of the music on this album was written by Jim and Dee Patton and produced and arranged by Jim Patton. Jim and Dee conceptualized the album and wrote the dialogue. Jim Kuiper narrated Frank Hernandez played bass Kathy Salerno played pianos Steve Shubin played drums and Jim Patton played guitars.
 Heartbeats Accelerating is a 1990 album by the late Kate and Anna McGarrigle. It was their first album in seven years after Love Over and Over in 1983 and received favourable reviews from many music critics.Bill Dillon Pierre Marchand Joel Zifkin and Kate's son Rufus Wainwright appear as guest musicians.The title track was covered by Linda Ronstadt on her 1993 album Winter Light and became a worldwide hit.
 The Art of Breaking Apart is the twelfth album by electro-industrial band Velvet Acid Christ. Sitting at eleven tracks it is a departure from the classic sounds of Velvet Acid Christ even more so than the previous album Lust for Blood. Some songs feature acoustic guitar and unprocessed vocals a first for VAC.
 Every Man Has a Woman is a tribute album to Yoko Ono for her 50th birthday. It contains covers of her songs from the albums Approximately Infinite Universe (1973) Double Fantasy (1980) Season of Glass (1981) and It's Alright (I See Rainbows) (1982). The album was purportedly one of John Lennon's projects but he died before he could see its completion. The liner notes for the vinyl LP feature an essay by Ono entitled A Crystal Ball.
 Maynard Ferguson is a 1971 big band jazz album by Maynard Ferguson. It was also released under the name Alive and Well in London. The album largely consists of arrangements of popular songs of the period along with one original composition. The album was originally released on Columbia Records as Columbia 31117.
 Go!!GO!GO!Go!! is the eighth studio album by Japanese rock band GO!GO!7188.
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Music to Duel By is the first soundtrack album of the American version of the popular Yu-Gi-Oh! anime that aired on Kids' WB! It was released on October 29 2002 on DreamWorks Records on Audio CD and Compact Cassette.
 Parlez-Vous English? is the seventh album by psychedelic rock group The Edgar Broughton Band or The Broughtons as they are credited on this release. The album was created after serious legal action which occurred during the release of their previous album Bandages this resulted with the band splitting up for four years before finally reuniting under a different moniker The Broughtons.
 Shotgun is the third album by Tony Lucca and it was released on March 30 2004.
 Wonderful is Adam Ant's fifth solo studio album and the eighth LP overall of his career. It peaked at #143 on the Billboard 200 chart. The band for this album included Ant's long-time collaborator Marco Pirroni along with ex-Ruts drummer Dave Ruffy and Morrissey's guitarist Boz Boorer. This album included more acoustic songs than Ant's previous albums. This album repositioned Adam as a more mature pop-rocker with crafted songs that featured acoustic guitars as prominently as electrics.
 Grey December is an album by jazz trumpeter Chet Baker compiling sessions recorded in 1953 and 1955 which was released on the Pacific Jazz label in 1992. The album compiles tracks previously released on the 1953 10 inch LP Chet Baker Ensemble along with previously unissued recordings.
 Iwrestledabearonce EP is the first release by Iwrestledabearonce released December 15 2007 through Tragic Hero Records.
 Drive is the fifth studio album by Anneke van Giersbergen.
 God the Lux is the second full length album by Polish symphonic black metal band Vesania. It was released on 25 April 2005 through Napalm Records. It was recorded in various points of time between September 2004 and January 2005. The drums guitars and vocals were recorded at the Hendrix Studio in Lublin Poland and engineered by Arkadiusz Malta Malczewski.
 The Poet Game is an album by American folk singer/guitarist Greg Brown released in 1994.
 Alt er tabt is an album by Under Byen released in 2010. Alt er tabt means all is lost in Danish.
 Music for Nitrous Oxide is the first studio album released by Stars of the Lid on Sedimental Records in 1995. The album features minimal droning compositions of varying length. The press release from Sedimental Records read: “Sedimental announces the first CD from Austin drone stars Stars of the Lid an amazing 4-track recording that is created in the spirit of Eno Main and Spacemen 3.
 Big Syke Daddy is the second studio album by West Coast rapper Big Syke released on September 25 2001 on D3 Entertainment/RideOnUm Records. The following six tracks Big Syke Daddy At Your Convenience Why? On My Way Out Good Timez Enjoyin Life were released on Big Sykes debut album Be Yo' Self in 1996.
 Baby Likes To Bang is the latest album from the singer Zayra released on September 14 2010 by Brando Records. This album represents Zayra's transition into dance music featuring remixes by top DJs from around the world. Two singles have been released from the album V.I.P. and Baby Likes To Bang. V.I.P. the first single from the album and a Top 5 Billboard Dance Club Hit was remixed by Dave Audé Mike Rizzo DJ Paulo & Alain Jackinsky Steph Seroussi and Adrian Benavides.
 Disconnected is the debut album by experimental music act Greymachine featuring Justin Broadrick Aaron Turner Dave Cochrane and Diarmuid Dalton. Produced by Broadrick it was released on 4 August 2009 via Turner's own record label Hydra Head Records.The track Vultures Descend was released as a limited edition promotional single on 12 May 2009.
 Blueprint an album by Natalie MacMaster was released in 2003 on the Rounder Records label.
 The Ponzi Scheme is the second studio album by the American alternative rock band Firewater released on March 31 1998 through Uptown/Universal.
 Gene Pitney Meets the Fair Young Ladies of Folkland is American singer Gene Pitney's sixth album released on the Musicor label in 1964. Initially released under the title Dedicated to My Teen Queens the album contains folk songs about young women. The album did not chart and none of the tracks were released as singles.
 Lightning Bolt is the tenth studio album by the American rock band Pearl Jam. Produced by long-time Pearl Jam collaborator Brendan O'Brien the album was released in the United States on October 15 2013 through the band's own Monkeywrench Records with Republic Records handling the international release.The band begun composing new songs in 2011 and had the album's first recording sessions in early 2012 before the musicians decided to take a break.
 Group Sex is the debut studio album by the American hardcore punk band Circle Jerks. It was released on October 1 1980 through Frontier Records with the catalog number FLP 002. The album consists of fourteen songs in fifteen minutes and is considered to be a landmark album in hardcore punk. It is also in the book of 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
 True For You is a 1983 album by Irish singer/songwriter Paul Brady his third solo album.
 Old Wave is the ninth studio solo album by The Beatle's former drummer Ringo Starr the album was released in 1983 on as the label Bellaphon Records. The album is the 2 year follow-up to his 1981 album Stop and Smell the Roses.
 Icon is a compilation album from the American southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. It was released on August 31 2010.
 August is the tenth studio album by blues rocker Eric Clapton released in 1986. Primarily produced byPhil Collins in association with longtime Clapton associate Tom Dowd it became Clapton's biggest-selling LP to date.Among the songs are the Dowd/Clapton-produced signature tune It's in the Way That You Use It (co-written with Robbie Robertson and featured in the Paul Newman-Tom Cruise film The Color of Money in October 1986 a month before the album's release subsequently reaching No.
 Leave No Ashes is the second album by the American hard rock band Burning Brides. It was released on June 29 2004 on V2.
 Ice Cream Every Day is the fifth studio album from singer-songwriter Amel Larrieux. Originally scheduled for release on August 23 the record was released on October 22 2013 on her independent label Blisslife Records.
 Vigorous and Liberating Death is the twelfth full-length studio album from Finnish blackened death metal band Impaled Nazarene. It was released as are all of their albums thus far on Osmose Productions in April 14 2014.
 Rita Mitsouko is the début studio album by the French pop rock group Les Rita Mitsouko. It was released in April 1984 and includes the singles Restez Avec Moi and Marcia Baïla.The album was recorded with veteran producer Conny Plank at Conny's Studio Köln Germany and Studio Rita Mitsouko Paris with overdubs in Conny's Place. Receiving positive reviews the album was originally released as an LP Cassette and CD in April 1984. CD editions include five bonus tracks.
 The Belle Brigade is the debut album by American band The Belle Brigade. It was co-produced by them and Matthew Wilder. The album was released on April 19 2011. It has been chosen as one of the best albums released in 2011.
 This article describes the 29th album in the South Africa Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 29 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 29 or Now 29 was released in 2001. The album is the 29th edition of the South African Now! series.
 Love Is Dead is the debut studio album by Estonian recording artist Kerli. It was released in the United States on July 8 2008 by Island Records. Love Is Dead is an alternative rock record which incorporates a variety of genres including electronic pop rock trip hop and industrial music.
 Dr. Buzzard's Original Savannah Band is the debut album by disco group Dr. Buzzard's Original Savannah Band released in 1976 on RCA and including the band's best-known and most successful track Whispering/Cherchez La Femme/Se Si Bon. The album peaked at #22 on the Billboard albums chart and #31 on the R&B listings. The lead vocals were provided by Cory Daye.
 Country Life is a 2003 studio album by English acoustic roots duo Show of Hands.
 Royal Albert Hall October 10 1997 is a live album by space rock group Spiritualized from their 1997 tour of the United Kingdom recorded during an October show at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
 Collaborations 2 is the tenth studio album by Punjabi singer Sukshinder Shinda released on 26 February 2009 worldwide making his second collaborated album. The album was also released internationally to USA Canada and U.K.The album was preceded by the lead single Ghum Shum Ghum Shum which featured Rahat Fateh Ali Khan. The song was also Shinda's first with Rahat.
 Live In Paris is a live album by Psychic TV. The album was recorded live at the Elysée Montmartre Paris June 8 1986 and was issued in an edition of 5000 copies on 12 vinyl. The album is HISTORY 6 - the second release in the Live 23 series. The album was later re-issued on CD as City Ov Paris.
 Two Dancers is the second studio album by British indie rock band Wild Beasts. It was released on 3 August 2009 in the UK on Domino Records with a US release on 8 September. The track Hooting and Howling was released as the album's first single on 20 July. Two Dancers was very well received by critics.
 No One Deserves to Be Here More Than Me is a full-length LP released by Philadelphia hardcore band Blacklisted on Deathwish Inc. on December 1 2009. Initially the record was released only on vinyl that came packaged with a download card. The LP was announced the day of its release on the Deathwish E-Store. The CD version includes 3 bonus tracks that can also be found on the band's Eccentrichine EP.
 When the Roses Bloom in Dixieland: Their Complete Victor Recordings (1929–1930) is a compilation of recordings made by American country music group the Carter Family released in 1995. It is the third of nine compilations released by Rounder Records of the group's Victor recordings.
 'The Rising Fawn String Ensemble' is a recording (Rounder Records 1979) by musicians Norman Blake (guitar) his wife Nancy Blake (cello) and James Bryan (fiddle).
 Gore Motel is the first studio album from Bohren & der Club of Gore. Gore Motel found the band focusing more on minimalistic ambient guitar and bass driven songs rather than the dark jazz that they would be known for later in their career.
 Hard at Play is the sixth album by American rock band Huey Lewis and the News. It was released in 1991 on EMI America Records. Hard at Play peaked at number 27 on the Billboard 200 pop albums chart and produced two Top 40 singles Couple Days Off and It Hit Me Like a Hammer. Music videos were released for It Hit Me like a Hammer Couple Days Off and He Don't Know.
 Miłość muzyka mordobicie (Polish Love music brawl) is the third studio album of Polish punk rock band Big Cyc released in 1992. The title is a pun on Love friendship music - slogan of the Jarocin festival which proved to be untrue because of common brawls. The song Nowe kombinacje was a parody of the rock group Republika appreciated by its leader Grzegorz Ciechowski. Buntownik z aerozolu and Jak słodko zostać świrem featured the first videos in the group's history.
 The Warped Tour 2009 Tour Compilation is the fourteenth installment in the annual compilation series accompanying the Warped Tour. The cover is a photograph of NOFX members El Hefe Fat Mike and Erik Sandin performing on the 2006 tour.
 Appetite for Destruction is a 2010 album by Ruby Isle. It is a cover of Guns N' Roses' 1987 album of the same name. It was released through iTunes on December 2 2010. It was scheduled for a CD release with a release party scheduled for January 29 2011 but on January 11 2011 it was announced that it was being pulled from all music stores and online music outlets.
 What Leave Behind is a 2004 studio album by Oakland California-based experimental music group Toychestra and English experimental guitarist Fred Frith. It was recorded in May 2003 and January 2004 and was released in 2004 on the French label S.K. Records. It is a concerto for electric guitar and toy orchestra composed by Dan Plonsey for Toychestra and Frith to perform.
 The Warmth of the Sun is a 2007 compilation of music by The Beach Boys released through Capitol Records. A successor to 2003's Sounds of Summer: The Very Best of The Beach Boys The Warmth of the Sun is composed of fan favorites and hits that were left off its predecessor. Several songs were remixed in stereo for the first time. These are All Summer Long You're So Good to Me Then I Kissed Her Please Let Me Wonder and Let Him Run Wild.
 Despite Straight Lines is the debut album by the British singer-songwriter Marilyn released in 1985.
 Hoarse is a live album by the band 16 Horsepower. It was released in Europe in 2000 in digipak with Glitterhouse Records. In March 2001 it was released regularly in jewel case with Glitterhouse. An American version was released in 2001 on Checkered Past records.
 The Best of Taste of Chaos Two. is a compilation album of material by bands that played in the Taste of Chaos tour.
 Blue Roses from the Moons is a studio album by Nanci Griffith released in March 1997. The album was recorded from live takes in the studio with her band The Blue Moon Orchestra and Jerry Allison Sonny Curtis and Joe B. Mauldin of The Crickets. Darius Rucker duets with Griffith on Gulf Coast Highway.
 Scorn of the Women is the debut album by Australian rock band Weddings Parties Anything. The band originally recorded it as an independent release but on the strength of the group's ever growing live following the group ended up being offered a recording contract and the album was released by Warners. Eight songs were by Michael Thomas three by Dave Steel and one was an adaptation of a poem by Berthold Brecht.
 Mock Orange aka The Green Record is Mock Orange's second album released in 1997 through Minus 7. The band has repeatedly dismissed this album as a record that they only messed around on to see what they could do.
 Live från Rondo was released on February 14 2003 and is an album from singer trio Kikki Danielsson Elisabeth Andreassen och Lotta Engberg who then sang together as Kikki Bettan & Lotta. CD 1 is a live record where the recording is from Rondo in Gothenburg Sweden on December 11 2002. CD 2 is a studio record. The album peaked at #18 at the Swedish album chart.
 Wrecks-n-Effect is the debut album released by Wrecks-n-Effect. It was released on September 1 1989 for Motown Records and featured production from Markell Riley and Redhead Kingpin. The album achieved modest success on the Billboard charts making it to #103 on the Billboard 200 and #16 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. The two singles released found greater success; New Jack Swing made it to #1 on the Hot Rap Tracks while Juicy made it to #6 on the same chart.
 Kis-My-1st is an album by Japanese boy group Kis-My-Ft2. The album has spawned three singles.
 Dance Party in the Balkans is the debut album of the American electronic band Alaska in Winter released in 2007.
 Half Control is the fifth album by Six Finger Satellite released on May 26 2009 through Load Records. It comprises material the band recorded in 2001 before disbanding shortly after.
 Lost Horizons is the second album release (and the first studio proper since the previous album Lemonjelly.ky was a compilation of their debut EPs) from Lemon Jelly released in October 2002. The album produced two charting singles in the UK Space Walk and Nice Weather for Ducks. It was nominated for the Mercury Music Prize in 2003. The album has more organic instrumentation than its predecessor hence the addition of session musicians.Like Lemonjelly.
 Burn Halo is the debut album by American rock band Burn Halo. The album was set for release in 2008 through Island Records but after the album was completed Island elected not to release it. It was released on March 31 2009 through Rawkhead Rekords. It entered at #129 at the Billboard 200 selling 4800 copies.
 Moderna Tider was released on 10 March 1981 as the second album from Swedish pop group Gyllene Tider. 130000 copies were ordered in advance. The album peaked at No. 1 on the Swedish albums chart and No. 2 on the Norwegian albums chart.
 Juntos Otra Vez (Together Again) is a compilation album released by Mexican bands Los Bukis and Los Yonic's in 1989.
 Fight or Flight is the fifth studio album by American rock band Hoobastank released on September 11 2012 delayed from prior July 31 2012 and August 28 2012 dates. Produced by Gavin Brown the album features eleven new studio tracks including first single “This Is Gonna Hurt.” On May 3 2012 the band revealed the first single on their official website. The release of Fight or Flight marks the band’s newfound independence and the opportunity to move forward on their own terms.
 Soaring with the Eagles at Night to Rise with the Pigs in the Morning is the second album released by Norwegian band Gluecifer in 1998.
 Earth Jones is a jazz album by drummer Elvin Jones recorded in 1982 and released on the Palo Alto label.
 Live at the Rotterdam Ahoy is a live album recorded by Deep Purple on 30 October 2000 and released in 2001. It includes most of a concert performed in Rotterdam the Netherlands during the 2000/2001 Concerto Tour. The Concerto for Group and Orchestra itself was performed but it does not appear on the album due to legal requirements (according to the liner notes).
 Tarot Classics is an EP by Florida-based indie rock band Surfer Blood released on October 25 2011 on Kanine Records. It is their last release for Kanine.
 Prince Ivor is a double album by Ivor Cutler originally released in 1986 on Rough Trade Records.The album's title should be pronounced Prance eeVOR (cf. Prince Igor). It contains 12 plays written for Radio 3 between January 1979 and March 1983.
 The King of Elfland's Daughter is a concept album by former Steeleye Span members Bob Johnson and Peter Knight. It was based on the 1924 fantasy novel of the same name by Lord Dunsany and recorded and released in 1977. The cover illustration is by Jimmy Cauty.
 Super Hits is a 2000 compilation album by American singer Frank Sinatra.
 Know Hope Collective is the debut studio album by the Christian music project of the same name fronted by former Audio Adrenaline members Mark Stuart and Will McGinniss. Initially scheduled for release on February 15 2011 the album was delayed until March 1.
 Pink Drums Purple Lights is the debut album from Japanese American indie singer-songwriter Maya Bond. The album was released when Bond was four years of age. It was produced by Maya Bond's father T.W. Bond. Since this recording Bond has released no other albums.
 Victory Day is an album by the Canadian rock band Tom Cochrane & Red Rider which was released in 1988 (see 1988 in music). Victory Day sold more than 200000 copies in Canada and became Cochrane's first Double Platinum album with Red Rider. The album garnered Cochrane and Red Rider three Juno Award nominations.
 Thirty Years of Funk: 1969–1999 (also known as The Anthology) is a 1999 box set by Grand Funk Railroad containing three new songs and several previously unreleased songs.
 Joe Perry is the first solo album by Aerosmith guitarist Joe Perry released on May 3 2005 on Sony BMG. Joe Perry is his first solo album without The Joe Perry Project. The album peaked at #110 at the Billboard charts. Joe Perry was released as a regular CD and a DualDisc.
 Onset of Putrefaction is the debut album by German technical death metal band Necrophagist. It was recorded almost solely by the band's founder guitarist and vocalist Muhammed Suiçmez. He recorded all the vocal tracks and programmed the drum tracks with the help of a computer.
 Still Life with Guitar is the fourteenth studio album by Kevin Ayers. It found him consolidating his 1988 return-to-form Falling Up with a collection of largely acoustic songs that many critics regarded as being equal to material penned at the perceived heights of his career in the mid-1970s. Ayers produced the album with his then manager Dave Vatch in England and was accompanied by an impressive cast of musicians including Mike Oldfield Ollie Halsall Danny Thompson BJ Cole Mark E.
 El Amor De Mi Vida is a 2006 album by Ronnie Drew and Eleanor Shanley featuring traditional songs as well as compositions by Warren Zevon (author of the title song) Nick Cave Bob Dylan Tom Waits and Paul Brady.
 Kraken I is the name of the first studio album Colombian group Kraken It was released on December 7 1987 by Codiscos. The first single from the album was No me hables de amor. The second single was Aves Negras.
 Notorious is the seventh studio album by Joan Jett and the Blackhearts. The album was released in 1991.
 Comin' Out Hard is the 1993 debut album by Eightball & MJG.
 Bagong Liwanag (Tagalog for New Light) is the 2nd EP and the 11th studio album of the Filipino pop rock band Rivermaya. It has 5 main tracks 5 instrumental tracks and 2 audio messages which also included demos of songs from their upcoming album. It was released under Warner Music Philippines and released on 2007.It was released weeks after the departure of Rico Blanco from the band after serving as the band's chief songwriter keyboardist guitarist and vocalist.
 Angelstrike! is an album by Jim Bob formerly of Carter USM. The song My Face Your Arse is a humorous duet with fellow ex-Carter USM member Fruitbat. The lyrics depict Jim and Fruitbat insulting each other and accusing each other of being the reason for the splitting up of Carter USM back in 1997.
 1980 - The Choice Is Yours is punk rock band The Members' second album released in 1980.
 Parodyziac!! is the eleventh studio album by American parody musician Cledus T. Judd. The album was released on October 16 2012 as his first for Warner Bros. Records Nashville.
 Casa de Brinquedos is a 1983 album by Toquinho for children. It counts with the coloboration of Mutinho for compositions and the participation of various artist like Tom Zé Chico Buarque Moraes Moreira and Baby Consuelo. All the arrangements were elaborated by Rogério Duprat.
 Easy Tiger is the ninth studio album by Ryan Adams released on June 26 2007 on the Lost Highway label.
 A Good Country Mile is a collaboration between Kevn Kinney and The Golden Palominos released independently on February 21 2012
 Wintersun is the debut self-titled studio album by metal artist Jari Mäenpää of Wintersun. The style presented is somewhat of a departure from the more folk-oriented sounds heard on Ensiferum the band in which Mäenpää was previously a member though traces still remain.
 Green Room Serenade Part One is an album by American roots music band Lost Dogs. Named after Gene Eugene's Huntington Beach recording studio The Green Room it was released on BAI Records in 1996.
 Shootenanny! /ˈʃuːtənæni/ is a 2003 studio album by Eels. The name comes from a neologism coined by Eels front-man Mark Oliver Everett for a social gathering at which participants engage in folk singing and sometimes dancing [a hootenanny] but mostly the shooting of guns.[citation needed]Saturday Morning was released as a promotional single with the B-sides Her Waltz of the Naked Clowns and Sad Foot Sign.The album was recorded live in studio with minimal production.
 Way Back to the Bone is an album by the band Trapeze of previously released material from 1970-1972. It features songs from the original line-up of Mel Galley Glenn Hughes & Dave Holland.
 The Aviator: Music from the Motion Picture the original soundtrack album of the 2004 film The Aviator starring Leonardo DiCaprio Cate Blanchett and Alan Alda.
 The Traveling Wilburys Collection is a 2007 box set compilation album comprising both albums by the Traveling Wilburys a DVD with their videos and a documentary about the group. The set was released 11 June 2007 by Rhino in association with Wilbury Records. The album went straight to number 1 in several countries.
 Abbey Is Blue is the fourth album by American jazz vocalist Abbey Lincoln featuring tracks recorded in 1959 for the Riverside label.
 Not in Kansas Anymore is the second album by Basehead.
 Tonic is a live album by experimental jazz fusion trio Medeski Martin & Wood recorded at Tonic in New York City from March 16–20 and 23-26 1999. Medeski Martin & Wood played their first live performance at Tonic on July 4 1998 not long after the club opened in the Spring of 1998. Like their first album Notes from the Underground Tonic was recorded in their original acoustic format: piano bass and drums.
 Fireflies and Songs is the sixth studio album and ninth overall album from Christian singer-songwriter Sara Groves and it released on November 17 2009 by Fair Trade Columbia Records and Integrity Music. The producer on the album is Charlie Peacock. This release became critically acclaimed and commercially successful.
 Noitumaa is the sixth studio album by the Finnish dark metal band Ajattara. It was released in 2009 on Spikefarm Records.
 Licensed to Ill is the debut album by the Beastie Boys. The album was released on November 15 1986. It was the first rap LP to top the Billboard album chart. It was also one of Columbia Records' fastest-selling debut records to date and eventually sold over 9 million copies in the United States.
 Total Death is the sixth album by Norwegian black metal band Darkthrone. It was recorded in 1995 and released in 1996. All of the album's lyrics were written either by members of other black metal bands or Nocturno Culto (this went against the band's usual practice in that Fenriz is usually the main lyricist on other Darkthrone albums). The album was released on CD and LP by Moonfog Productions. The LP has a different cover art.
 Stares and Whispers was Freda Payne's seventh album released in 1977; it was also her first for Capitol Records. The last two tracks Loving You Means So Much to Me and Bring Back the Joy were co-written by Payne's then-husband Gregory Abbott the latter of which was co-written by Payne herself.
 Rock On! is the 12th studio album by American rock singer Del Shannon released posthumously in 1991. Shannon returned to the studio after a long hiatus in 1990 collaborating with Jeff Lynne of the Electric Light Orchestra Mike Campbell Tom Petty other members of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and Richard Greene. Shannon committed suicide on February 8 1990 and the album was completed for release on October 1 1991.
 Spaced Out in London is a 2004 live album by Hawkwind of a 2002 gig.
 Definition of Real is the second studio album by rapper Plies. It was released on June 10 2008. Guest appearances include Ne-Yo J. Holiday Keyshia Cole Trey Songz Jamie Foxx and The-Dream. The album was well received by music critics upon its release.
 We Know About the Need is the first album from English post-rock band Bracken. It was released on Anticon in 2007.
 Hajimari no Uta (ハジマリノウタ First Song) is the fourth studio album by Ikimono-gakari released in Japan on December 23 2009. A limited edition version included a bonus DVD with footage from their concert Ikimono Gakari no Minasan Konni Tour!! 2009 - My song Your song - performance on May 25 2009 at Shibuya C.C. Lemon Hall plus special booklet and ikimono card 017.
 People Like Me is a studio album by Scottish traditional singer Alyth and is also her second studio album. The album features much of Alyth's live band as well as her partner and members of Scottish folk band Lau. The album features fewer songs in Gaelic than her previous album and collaborations. It was recorded in both Ireland and Scotland.
 Live At The 930 Club Washington D.C. is a live album by Psychic TV. It was released via their United States branch of Temple Records in a limited edition of 100 cassettes.
 Millennium Edition is a compilation album by Elkie Brooks. It was issued on CD in 2000 by A&M and is distributed only in Germany.
 Iceman is a blues album by Albert Collins released in 1991 by Virgin Records under the sub-label Pointblank.This album was going to be his last studio record before his premature death on 1993 victim of lung cancer.
 In Your Own Time is the second studio album from Take That band member Mark Owen. The album was released on 3 November 2003 nearly seven years after his first album. Due to the popularity of In Your Own Time his first album Green Man was re-released two weeks later with the addition of five unreleased tracks. Two singles were released from the album: Four Minute Warning and Alone Without You. The album sold 17805 copies in the UK.
 Reject the Sickness is the first full-length studio album by the New Jersey heavy metal quintet God Forbid. It was recorded at Trax East Studios in South River New Jersey and produced mixed and engineered by Steve Evetts. Cover art was painted by Matt Kimball. It was re-released in 2001 on We Put Out Records. God Forbid owns the master tapes and thus was able to release it themselves outside of their deal with Century Media Records.
 Diario is the third studio album by the Puerto Rican reggae band Cultura Profética. Like previous albums most of it was recorded at Tuff Gong studios in Kingston Jamaica. Some of it was also recorded at Playbach Studios in San Juan Puerto Rico. The album was released in 2002.
 Hellabuster is the second studio album by the band Box Codax released in the United Kingdom on 10 May 2011. In the first full length release since their album Only An Orchard Away in 2006 Box Codax tell the peculiar and young life of Hellabuster in 13 episodes with each song being accompanied by its own video.
 The Myth of Rock is the first full-length album by industrial/hip hop artists Consolidated which was released in 1990.
 Ispočetka (trans. From the beginning) is the 10th studio album by Dino Merlin and was released on 9 June 2008. The first single promoting the album Otrkit ću ti tajnu was released in August 2007 as a free download in partnership with BH Telecom. He signed a contract with Croatia Records MPBHRT and City Records. One of the songs named Dabogda from the album is done with Hari Mata Hari the famous Bosnian singer. The complete song is written by Dino Merlin.
 The World in a Sea Shell is the name of Strawberry Alarm Clock's third LP released in November 1968 on the UNI label (Uni 73035). The album was not a chart success and was the final LP to include the classic Strawberry Alarm Clock lineup.
 Long Division is the second full-length album by Duluth Minnesota band Low released in 1995.
 We're Not Strangers is an album by Irish rock band Time Is a Thief released on April 27 2012. It was produced mixed and engineered by Ciaran O'Shea of Mako formally known as Cyclefly.It charted in the Independent Irish top 20 album sales in its first week on release.We're Not Strangers was listed number 30 from 50 of the best albums to come out of Cork.
 Blue Skies is the third studio album by American jazz singer Cassandra Wilson. It was released on the JMT label in 1988 and features ten jazz standards. The jazz trio accompanying WIlson is Mulgrew Miller on piano Terri Lyne Carrington on drums and Lonnie Plaxico on bass. In a review for Allmusic Thom Jurek gave the album a star rating of three out of five and noted that it was evidence of Wilson's move away from the M-Base style of her previous albums.
 Let Me Be The One is the sixth album by Angela Bofill released by Arista Records in 1984.Let Me Be the One was produced by David Frank and Mic Murphy who at the time were enjoying much success as The System. Let Me Be the One was much more synth-heavy R&B flavored than her earlier jazz-oriented works. The title song which reached #84 on the Billboard R&B Chart.
 Stampede is the second studio album by American heavy metal supergroup Hellyeah. The album was available on June 29 as an MP3 download to fans who pre-ordered it. The music video for Cowboy Way premiered on May 20 2010. The first single Hell of a Time was released on June 1 2010. The music video for Hell of a Time premiered on June 16 2010. The song The Debt That All Men Pay premiered on ultimateguitar.com on June 22 2010.
 Bird Is Free is a live album by Charlie Parker that documents a concert given at Rockland Palace New York City on 26 September 1952.
 Barrio Fino (Spanish: Fine hood) is the third studio album and first commercially released album by Puerto Rican rapper performer Daddy Yankee released on 13 July 2004 by Machete Music and El Cartel Records.The album features contributions by Wisin & Yandel Andy Montañez Zion & Lennox Glory among others.
 Mood to Be Wooed is a 1958 studio album by Sammy Davis Jr. and featuring Mundell Lowe on electric guitar.
 The Voice of the Cult is the fourth studio album by heavy metal band Chastain released in 1988 through Leviathan Records.
 March of the Saint is the first album by American heavy metal band Armored Saint. It was released in 1984 on Chrysalis Records and recorded with producer Michael James Jackson who previously worked for Kiss. The debut album yielded a minor MTV hit with Can U Deliver but Joey Vera and John Bush later recalled the album's recording as a frustrating and disappointing experience explaining that Jackson's approach was much more commercial than the heavy metal sound the band had wanted.
 The Best of The Jets is the fifth album (including Christmas with The Jets) recorded with MCA Records by the family group The Jets. It featured four new songs including Special Kinda Love Sendin' Out a Message Forever in My Life and Another You as well as a compilation of their greatest hits (Crush on You Sendin' All My Love You Got It All Rocket 2 U Cross My Broken Heart and Make It Real).
 Outland's Official is the debut album by Outlandish released in 2000.
 Invisible Tape is the second full-length album by Greg Connors released on August 25 2000 on Atlanta independent record label Scared Records. It features Greg's band at the time The Curb which included Mark Perkins on bass and Andrew Brown on drums.
 This article describes the 24th album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 24 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 24 is a music compilation that was released on March 27 2007.
 Night Airs is the third and final album in a trilogy of piano albums by British rock musician Rick Wakeman. The first album in the trilogy is Country Airs and the second is Sea Airs.
 Bang is the sixth studio album by James Gang released in 1973. This is the first James Gang album featuring lead guitarist Tommy Bolin after Domenic Troiano left the band.
 Look-Ka Py Py is the second album by funk group The Meters. Look-Ka Py Py was listed #216 on the Rolling Stone list of 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
 Gene Italiano is American singer Gene Pitney's eighth album and first foreign language album released on the Musicor label in 1964. The album features a number of Pitney's biggest early hits recorded in Italian including Twenty Four Hours From Tulsa Town Without Pity and Only Love Can Break a Heart.
 Trey Day is the second studio album by American R&B singer-songwriter Trey Songz. It was released by Atlantic Records on October 1 2007 in the United States. The album's release was scheduled for May 2007 but was rescheduled for a fall 2007 release. The album debuted at number 11 on the US Billboard 200 chart with 73000 copies sold in its first week. This was an improvement over his previous album that debuted at number 20.
 Gabba Gabba Hey: A Tribute to the Ramones is a Ramones tribute album. The first of its kind it was released in 1991 on the Triple X label. The record is named after the band's famous slogan Gabba Gabba Hey from the song Pinhead on their album Leave Home.
 The Best of Sixpence None the Richer is a greatest hits album of American band Sixpence None the Richer released in 2004 (see 2004 in music). It contains all their most successful songs as well as various rarities covers and three new tracks that had originally been intended to be released on Divine Discontent but were shelved.
 Remission is the debut album by American metal band Mastodon. It was released on May 28 2002 through Relapse Records and was re-released on October 21 2003.
 Sonny's Dream (Birth of the New Cool) is an album by saxophonist Sonny Criss recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label.
 We Are the Mess is the second studio album by German metalcore band Eskimo Callboy. The album was released on January 10 2014 through Redfield Records.
 Le Parc is an album by electronic artists Tangerine Dream which was released in May 1985. Each track on the album is inspired by a particular park from somewhere around the world. Le Parc marked Tangerine Dream's last studio release with Johannes Schmoelling; he left the band in October 1985. The title track Le Parc was used as the theme for the short-lived U.S television series Street Hawk. A video was produced for Tiergarten.
 Here Come the Brides is the debut album by Brides of Destruction released via Sanctuary Records on March 9 2004. It is their most successful album being the only one to have a charting on the Billboard 200 it is also the only album that features founder Nikki Sixx who would leave the band to rejoin Mötley Crüe for their reunion tour in 2005.The album's only single Shut The Fuck Up failed to chart due to little airplay.
 Hostile Takeover is the fifth and final album by the RBL Posse. It was released on May 8 2001 for Right Way Records and was produced by G-Man Stan. This was the groups final album as in 2003 Hitman was shot and killed leaving Black C as the only surviving member of the trio.
 The Canadian alternative rock band Barenaked Ladies released five demo tapes before being signed to Reprise Records.
 Chansons ou Versions Inédites de Jeunesse (Songs or Unreleased Early Versions) is an album of rare recordings first issued as part of the 16-CD box set Boîte à Bonbons on 23 September 2003. This CD contains 28 titles: 26 songs from Radio Hasselt recorded 14 August 1953 and 21 August 1953 a recording from the Brel family's private collection and a 1962 recording from Dutch television AVRO.
 Out of Ashes is the debut studio album by American rock band Dead by Sunrise which consists of Linkin Park lead vocalist Chester Bennington and the band members of Julien-K. It was released on October 13 2009 through Warner Bros. Records to mixed to positive reception. The album was produced by Howard Benson. The album charted in a respectably high position in the Billboard 200 peaking at #29. The album spawned four singles Crawl Back In Let Down Inside of Me and Too Late.
 Lados B (B Sides) is a compilation album released on December 16 2003 by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona.
 A Cassette Tape Culture (Phase Three) is a collection by the American industrial band ATelecine released in 2011 of previously unreleased outtakes demos and remixes from sessions from the first 3 out-of-print aTelecine releases aVigillant Carpark EP ...And Six Dark Hours Pass and A Cassette Tape Culture (Phase One).
 Re-Invention is the second album of the reggae punk band Too Rude released on 26 October 2004. This album follows the debut self-titled album Too Rude released on 4 April 2000.
 Major Lodge Victory is the fourth full–length album by the pop rock band the Gin Blossoms. It was the first album released by the band since their 1997–2002 breakup. It was released on August 8 2006 on Hybrid Recordings making it the Gin Blossoms' first new album in over 10 years.Hybrid promoted the album's first single Learning the Hard Way for months prior to the album's release. The song received heavy AAA airplay and peaked at 8 on the FMQB AAA Chart.
 Lost Songs was released in 2002 and is a compilation album of British rock band New Model Army of bonus rare and previously unreleased tracks compiled by Justin Sullivan and Michael Dean. The album covers the period from The Love of Hopeless Causes (1993) to this release.
 The Grip is a live debut album by jazz saxophonist Arthur Blythe which was recorded at the Brook New York City in 1977 and released on the India Navigation label. The album was released on CD as a compilation with Metamorphosis which was recorded at the same concert.
 V2 is the second studio album by the punk band the Vibrators released in 1978 on Epic Records.
 Dorosłe dzieci is the first studio album by the Polish heavy metal band Turbo. It was released in 1983 in Poland through Polton. The album was recorded in July August and November 1982 at Rozgłośnia Polskiego Radia studio in Szczecin. The cover art was created by Alek Januszewski and photographs by Antoni Zdebiak.
 Enjoy CCCP is a compilation album by the Italian punk rock band CCCP Fedeli alla linea released by Virgin Records on 1994.The cover is an imitation of the Coca-Cola brand. The name of the band is written in white color and uses the same font type of Coca-Cola on a Coca-Cola red background.
 Pairing Off is an album by saxophonist Phil Woods' Septet recorded in 1956 and released on the Prestige label.
 Switch is the first album by R&B band Switch released in 1978. It is also their first on the Motown subsidiary Gordy. After recording as White Heat and Hot Ice this gave them the commercial breakthrough they desired with hits like There'll Never Be and I Wanna Be Closer.
 Everblack is the sixth studio album by American metal band The Black Dahlia Murder. Released through Metal Blade Records on June 11 2013. It is the first release by the band to feature drummer Alan Cassidy and bassist Max Lavelle.The album sold 13000 copies in the United States in its first week of release and debuted at position #32 on the Billboard 200.
 Reanimation is the debut studio album by Swedish cinematic postrock band Lights & Motion led by musician and native born Christoffer Franzén. It was released worldwide on January 16 2013 through the American independent record label Deep Elm Records. The album was produced by Christoffer Franzén and recorded in Gothenburg during 2011 and 2012. The album contains thirteen tracks and has a total running time of 67 minutes.
 Moonshine is the debut solo album of New Zealand hip-hop artist Savage released in 2005. The album includes a bonus track featuring Akon. In 2005 it reached number two in the New Zealand charts.
 For the Jaki Byard album see Out Front!Out Front is an album by American jazz trumpeter Booker Little featuring performances recorded in 1961 for the Candid label.
 Holiday Soul is an album of Christmas music by organist Don Patterson recorded in 1964 and released on the Prestige label.
 Here It Comes EP is a release by Luke Vibert under the alias Plug. The EP marks his first release under the alias since 1997. The tracks are unearthed tracks written during the time of the initial Plug releases.
 Soulmates Never Die (Live in Paris 2003) is the first live DVD release by the band Placebo that was released mainstream and was made available worldwide. The DVD was released in Great Britain on 15 March 2004 and in the United States and Canada on June 29 2004. It reached #33 in Germany.
 Incarcerated is the fifth studio album by American rapper Lil Boosie. It was released on September 28 2010 and features appearances from Webbie Foxx Mouse Lil' Phat Lil Trill & Shell. It is his first album released while he is incarcerated in prison.
 The Beginning is a compilation album by Mercyful Fate released in 1987 consisting of the Nuns Have No Fun EP and 5 other rare tracks.
 The New Classic is the debut studio album by Australian recording artist Iggy Azalea. The album was released on 21 April 2014 under Island Records and affiliated record labels. Azalea came to prominence after releasing her debut mixtape Ignorant Art and subsequently aligning herself with American rapper T.I. and his Hustle Gang imprint.
 Nuestro Amor (English: Our Love) is the second studio album by Mexican pop band RBD. The album was released on September 22 2005 in Mexico selling over 127000 in its first seven hours of release and 160000 in the first week enough for being certified platinum. It was eventually certified 3× Platinum+ Gold. In the U.S the album was released on the 4th of October 2005 and peaked at number 88 on the Billboard 200.
 They Live is an album by the St. Louis Missouri hardcore punk/metalcore band Calico System released in 2005. Nick Schaflein was on bass as Justin Haltmar left to continue college. Schaflein left the band again after touring in support of the album and Haltmar rejoined.
 To Hell with the Boys is the third studio album by UK band The Boys released in 1979.
 Graceland is the seventh studio album by American musician Paul Simon released in August 1986.It was a hit topping the UK Album Chart and reaching number three on the US Billboard 200. The album won the 1987 Grammy Award for Album of the Year while the title song won the 1988 Grammy Award for Record of the Year. In 2007 the album was added to the United States National Recording Registry along with another 24 significant recordings that year.
 Proud Flesh Soothseer is a 1968 album by Linn County. The album predominantly features lengthy blues rock and psychedelic rock jams typical of its era. It barely sold and didn't chart. Cave Song was co-written by the band's previous bassist Bob Miskimen despite him not being featured on the album.In October 2011 the album was given its first reissue on CD and remains the only album by Linn County that is currently in print.
 Classic Jack Live! (subtitled John Farnham and the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra) is a DVD release by Australian singer John Farnham. The DVD was released in Australia on 13 November 2005 in conjunction with Chain Reaction Live In Concert. This DVD contains John Farnham's performance with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra at the National Tennis Centre Melbourne in 1989. This program was originally aired on Australia's Channel Seven in 1989.
 At Home with You is the second studio album from Australian rock band X.
 Fantasy Ride is the third studio album by American recording artist Ciara first released on May 3 2009 by RCA Records and LaFace Records. The album was recorded between 2007 and 2009. Ciara was executive producer on the album along with co-executive Mark Pittsand Ciara worked with several record producers including Blac Elvis Benny Blanco Blade Jasper Cameron The Clutch Darkchild Danja Dr.
 God in Us is a live album by Don Moen and was performed as a musical. The Contemporary Christian album was released on November 9 2001 through Integrity and Hosanna! Music following two of Moen's previous albums God with Us and God for Us both also recorded from musicals. It was recorded at the Bell Shoals Baptist Church in Brandon Florida. Moen was nominated for the GMA Dove Awards in 2003 for Creator of the Musical of the Year.The album contains several testimonials of God.
 Dagger Beach is the ninth album by American singer-songwriter John Vanderslice. It was self-released on June 11 2013 financed by a Kickstarter campaign.
 25 Years – The Chain is a compilation album (boxed set) by British-American band Fleetwood Mac originally released in 1992. It consists of four CDs covering the history of the band from its formation in 1967 up to 1992.
 The Grand Psychotic Castle is the debut studio album by Norwegian symphonic black metal band Tartaros. It was recorded at Grieghallen Studios in Bergen Norway and was released in June 1997 through Necropolis Records.It was re-released in 1999 with a different album cover and two bonus tracks.
 Let’s All Sing With the Chipmunks is the debut album of Alvin and the Chipmunks. It is an interactive children's novelty album. The songs on the record are a mixture between cover versions of children's songs in the public domain and customized original musical material. It contains the A-sides of Chipmunks' first three singles: The Chipmunk Song (Christmas Don't Be Late) Alvin's Harmonica and Ragtime Cowboy Joe.
 E da mi je vratit vrime is the fifth album of the Croatian artist Mladen Grdovic. It was released in 2006. It is the first album since 2000 that he recorded as a solo artist.
 16 Biggest Hits is a 2007 Dolly Parton compilation album. It is part of a series of similar 16 Biggest Hits albums released by Legacy Recordings.
 Eddie Santiago is an eponymous album by Puerto Rican salsa singer Eddie Santiago released on February 21 1995. It's comeback album includes top hits Necesito and Te Amo; his last album under EMI/Capitol Records label.
 Doublecheck Your Head is a mashup album of songs from the 1992 album Check Your Head by the Beastie Boys that was mixed and produced by New York producer Max Tannone. The album was officially released to download on September 1 2009.
 The Good the Bad and the Argyle is the debut full length release from New Jersey punk band The Bouncing Souls. Released on November 1 1994 the album runs 31 minutes and 18 seconds and has 12 songs including covers of The Strangeloves' I Want Candy which was renamed to just Candy and The Waitresses' I Know What Boys Like. The album got its title from the fact that some of the tracks were taken from EPs that the band released prior to the release of the full length.
 Morning Star is the ninth studio album released by Spear of Destiny.
 I Have a Right is Gloria Gaynor's seventh studio album released in 1978. The track Let Me Know (I Have a Right) was released as a single and reached #42 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album has never been released on CD.
 702 is the self-titled second studio album from American R&B group of the same name released June 15 1999 on Motown.The album peaked at number thirty-four on the Billboard 200 chart. By November 2002 it was certified platinum in sales by the RIAA after sales exceeding 1000000 copies in the United States.
 Butcher Babies EP is the first EP released by the American heavy metal band Butcher Babies. It was self-released on May 29 2012. The EP was produced by Andrew Murdock.
 Días De Gloria is the first live-album by the Spanish power metal band Avalanch recorded during the promotional tour of Llanto De Un Héroe in Avilés 1999 and released in 2000. Includes a bonus track which is a studio version of Save Me a song by the band Queen.
 More Guitar is a live album by Richard Thompson compiled from recordings made during two shows at Washington D.C in November 1988.
 Trade Winds White Noise is Tim Hecker's second release. It was released on July 1 2002 and distributed with copies of the 107th issue of Parachute Magazine.
 So Far From Real is a 2003 album by Cauterize (previously known as T.O.E.). It was the first release under the name Cauterize and the only album the band released on Wind-Up Records. Three singles were released from So Far From Real: Something Beautiful which included a music video Killing Me and Choke. The latter two were used in the Nintendo GameCube video game 1080 Avalanche.[citation needed] An independent music video was later released for Choke.
 A Way to See in the Dark is a music album by Jason Gray released September 13 2011. It is his ninth solo record and his third major label national release with Centricity Music. It was produced by Jason Ingram and Rusty Varencamp the same production team from his previous release Everything Sad Is Coming Untrue.The lead single released to radio was the album opener Remind Me Who I Am.
 Originally released in 1984 Play Dead's Resurrection is probably the group's most eclectic album. It ranges from synth-based tracks like Conspiracy to non-synth like Pale Fire and Sacrosanct.The first release of Resurrection was From the Promised Land. When From the Promised Land was originally released in May 1984 Play Dead decided they were dissatisfied with the recordings. At this time only 1000 copies of the original LP were pressed and released.
 Homeboys is the third album by alternative rock band Adam Again.
 Hot Charity is the third album by the San Diego California punk rock band Rocket from the Crypt released in 1995 on the fictitious record label Perfect Sound Records (though this name appeared on the record sleeve no such label actually existed; in reality the band released it themselves).
 Dancefloration is the second full-length studio album by Russian dance metal band Xe-NONE.It was released on March 22 2011 by Chaotic Noiz (division of Russian major label SOYUZ).
 Stir the Blood is the third album by New York-based rock band The Bravery. The album was released on December 1 2009 and features the single Slow Poison.
 The Together Collection is a 10 CD collection of the music of Carl Doy combined with the imagery of the M.I.L.K photo collection.In this collection Carl arranges and performs the music of: Frank Sinatra Nat King Cole Barbra Streisand The Beatles Burt Bacharach Christmas The Classics TogetherMuch of the music is rearrangement of previous Carl Doy composition from his Piano By Candlelight CDs however now combined with selected photographs and quotes from the M.I.L.K series.
 We Want Miles is a double album recorded by jazz trumpeter Miles Davis in 1981 produced by Teo Macero and released by Columbia Records in 1982. The album features one of the first live appearances by Davis in more than five years at Boston's Kix Club on June 27 1981. Other tracks are recorded at Avery Fisher Hall New York on July 5 and in Tokyo October 4 of that year.
 Better Than Heaven was singer Stacey Q's first album under Atlantic Records. This release was the first full-length album that the same lineup of musicians (formerly performing as SSQ) released simply under the name Stacey Q. The artist continued to work with her SSQ bandmates in her solo albums such as Better Than Heaven Hard Machine and Nights Like This.
 Anesthetize is the second live DVD by progressive rock band Porcupine Tree released on 20 May 2010. The Blu-ray edition was released on 15 June. It is filmed in high definition and taken from two concerts given by Porcupine Tree at Tilburg Netherlands on 15 and 16 October at the end of the Fear of a Blank Planet tour in 2008.
 Call It Conspiracy is Dozer's third album released September 16 2003 on their managers label Molten Universe. For this album they worked with Swedish producer Chips Kiesbye famous for his work with bands such as the Hellacopters.
 'Red Trigger -Aka no Yuuhatsu Omoi Douki-' (Red Trigger－赤の誘発思動期－) also known as Quantum Mechanics Rainbow VII: Red Trigger is the twelfth solo album from Japanese musician Daisuke Asakura released on March 3 2005. The album is the seventh and final in the Quantum Mechanics Rainbow series. The concept of this series is one album for every rainbow color and a different Quantum Mechanics term.
 More Sorcery is a live album by Hungarian jazz guitarist Gábor Szabó featuring performances recorded in 1967 in Boston and at the Monterey Jazz Festival for the Impulse! label.
 Mr. Ego (Take Me Down) is a song and an EP made by the German power metal band Helloween taken from the album Master of the Rings. It is dedicated to former Helloween's singer Michael Kiske.It was released in some countries as Mr. Ego (Take Me Down). In Japan it was released as Where the Rain Grows.
 The Difference Between Love and Envy is the first EP released by the newly renamed Danger:Radio. It was released fall of 2004.The Difference Between Love and Envy was the first notable recording that the band did.[citation needed] It was released around the time when the band's sounds had started to finally solidify from their rougher sound of before to something that couldn't easily be defined within a single genre.
 Trilogy is the third studio album by the English progressive rock band Emerson Lake & Palmer released in 1972.
 Serviço Público is an album of the Portuguese MC Valete. It was launched in 2006.
 Tenterhooks was Chris Mars' third studio album. Its title comes from the tenterhooks used to stretch cloth.
 It's Like This is an album by American singer/songwriter Rickie Lee Jones released in 2000.
 The Pack Live is a live album by The Pack recorded in 1979 and posthumously released only on cassette in 1982.
 Sinctuary is the second full length album by Heavy/Power metal band Symphorce.
 Common Reaction is the debut album from Uh Huh Her which was released on August 19 2008 in the United States. This is an elextro/pop album that features Camila Grey's voice and Leisha Hailey's abilities to guitar and keyboard. The track Explode was used as a soundtrack in the series The L Word in the third episode of the fifth season Lady Of The Lake. The appearance of the song is a tribute to Leisha Hailey who plays Alice in the show.
 Live in Frisco is the second live album by the Mentors. It is an extract of three tracks recorded at a concert in San Franscisco in 1983. Live in Frisco was also released as in a double pack with the Get Up and Die EP.The tracks were later placed as bonus tracks on a reissue of El Duce's The Karaoke King album on CD. In 2004 Having Sickie's Baby was released as a bonus track on the CD re-release of Live at the Whiskey.
 Naturaliste is the eighth album by the Australian band The Lucksmiths released in 2003 on Candle Records (catalogue number LUCKY16).
 The Life Burns Tour DVD is a release by Apocalyptica. It was released in July 2006. and contains live concert and music videos by the band.
 The Best of Bonnie Raitt is a 2003 music album by Bonnie Raitt released by Capitol Records.
 Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike is the third album by Gogol Bordello released in 2005 by SideOneDummy Records.Other songs from the same era and recording sessions appear on the EP East Infection.
 Tim Key. With a String Quartet. On a Boat. is a comedic poetry album written by and starring Tim Key and co-starring Tom Basden. The album is intended to be Key reading out his poems with the accompaniment of a string quartet but actually it primarily features Key and Basden who is nicknamed Lord constantly arguing with each other.
 Songs of Love & Loss 2 is the eighth studio album by Australian singer and songwriter Tina Arena released on 15 November 2008 by EMI in Australia. Her second cover album it follows on from Songs of Love & Loss released in 2007 and includes covers of songs by Blondie Lulu Alice Cooper and Split Enz among others. The first single Oh Me Oh My was released to Australian radio on 22 October 2008 and made available for download on 8 November.
 Philadelphia Chickens is a book/music CD combination by Sandra Boynton and Michael Ford published in 2002.
 The Best of Spineshank is a greatest hits compilation album released by the American industrial metal band Spineshank's former record label Roadrunner Records. It was released on January 29 2008 and features material from the band's first 3 studio albums presented in reverse chronological order. The album has sold over 10000 copies as of March 11 2008.
 Flow River of My Soul is the third album by Single Gun Theory.
 Taina: Original Television Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the TV series Taina. The album was released on February 19 2002 by Jive records and Nick Records.The album contains songs mostly from the show's second season such as Feel Good. Other songs are sung by the show's stars Christina Vidal and LaTangela along with other songs sung by 3LW and Dream which both acts guest starred on the show.
 Christine Perfect is the debut solo album of former Chicken Shack keyboardist/singer Christine McVie née Perfect. The album was released just after Perfect had left Chicken Shack but before she joined Fleetwood Mac. It contained the Etta James song I'd Rather Go Blind which had earlier been a hit single for Chicken Shack. Originally released in 1970 the album was re-released in 1976 as The Legendary Christine Perfect Album'.
 Mexico is a mini-LP and the 3rd album of the German Hard rock band Böhse Onkelz. It was released in 1985. After Mexico the band left Rock-O-Rama and the skinhead attitude.
 Black Masses is an album by the doom metal band Electric Wizard. It is the band's seventh album and only album with bassist Tas Danazoglou. It was released on 1 November 2010.
 Dreams from a Dirt Nap is a compilation album by the band The Newlydeads containing 18 songs recorded between the years 1997 and 2001. Stylistically the tracks range from industrial rock to gothic rock and electronica.In addition to a number of original songs the album includes a covers of Siouxsie and the Banshees' Cities in Dust and Tones on Tail's Go.
 Raunio is the eleventh album by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle. Though the album is technically a live recording the tracks are layered and edited from different recordings of the same tracks captured over three consecutive nights in Turku Jyväskylä and Helsinki. It was re-issued in 2002 by Squealer Records with and extra track Raubonmix.
 The Collection is the first compilation album by saxophonist Kenny G released by BMG in 1990.
 Rooms of the Magnificent is the second solo album by Australian guitarist and songwriter Ed Kuepper recorded in 1986 and released on the Hot label. The album reunited Kuepper with members of the Laughing Clowns and featured pianist Chris Abrahams of The Necks.Described as Kuepper's most accessible album to date the first single Also Sprach the King of Eurodisco received strong airplay on national broadcaster Triple J and some on commercial radio.
 Rev is an album by Jane's Addiction vocalist Perry Farrell released in 1999. It is a combination of solo work and a best-of for the singer's bands.
 Sunny Side of the Street was a special promo CD distributed with the first 100 sold copies of Josh Woodward's album Crawford Street. Mostly featuring less serious and playful songs it was released to hold the songs Woodward felt didn't fit very well with the dark and serious tones of Crawford Street. This is quite noticeable in the lyrics of some of the songs. The lyrics of I Hate You for instance center on how being left-handed is bad; almost a criminal offence.
 The Lady and the Unicorn is the 1970 solo album by British folk musician John Renbourn. On this release Renbourn ventures into folk rock and medieval music territory. The first four tracks are arranged from the Add MS 29987 manuscript. The cover was taken from the The Lady and the Unicorn tapestry.
 Rarities is a compilation album by Swedish pop duo Roxette released on 17 February 1995 in Asia and South America.
 What Doesn't Kill You... is an album by Candiria. Released on July 13 2004 the album peaked at number forty-seven on the Billboard Independent Albums chart. The album was a departure from what Candiria is usually known for with more of a melodic sensibility. The album received critical acclaim with some of its original fan base being somewhat disappointed by the bands shift in musical direction.
 The Carry On EP is the debut extended play released by People on Vacation a supergroup composed of Ryan Hamilton from indie rock band Smile Smile and Jaret Reddick from pop punk band Bowling for Soup. The EP was released on November 24 2011 in the United States both on CD and as a digital download. The EP was released in the United Kingdom for download on February 13 2012 and was released on CD as a split with Bowling for Soup bassist Erik Chandler's solo project on March 26 2012.
 Warrior is the debut and only the full-length album by the rock group Scandal (billed on the album as Scandal featuring Patty Smyth). The album reached a high of #17 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 200 album charts on the strength of the lead single The Warrior.
 50th Birthday Celebration Volume 2 is a live album of improvised music by Milford Graves and John Zorn documenting their performance at Tonic in September 2003 as part of John Zorn's month-long 50th Birthday Celebration concert series.
 Pronto is a full length album by acoustic duo Lost and Found. The CD includes the music video for the song Lions. It also includes re-recorded versions of Lions and Baby. The band decided to record new versions of the two popular songs because previous versions were only experimental.
 Live at the Rainbow is the first live video recorded by Iron Maiden on 21 December 1980 and released in 1981. It includes one of the band's earliest concerts with guitarist Adrian Smith as well as a very early version of Killers with lyrics that differ from the album version that would be released in 1981. Paul Di'Anno later admitted writing the lyrics 5 minutes before going on stage that night.Due to technical problems a sound line broke down halfway through the show.
 ATL RMX is a free download album released in 2009 by Adult Swim (through Williams Street Records). It is presented by Rockstar Games' Beaterator. The track listing contains remixes of songs by many mainstream hip hop artists all of whom are based out of Atlanta Georgia (the home of Adult Swim).
 Rough Around the Edges: Live From Madison Square Garden is an album by American stand-up comedian and actor Dane Cook. It was released on November 13 2007 on both CD and DVD.Released on Thanksgiving weekend Rough Around the Edges: Live From Madison Square Garden debuted at #11 and sold 90000 copies in its first week; Retaliation had sold 86000 in its first week but debuted at #4.
 Panthéon (French for Pantheon) is the second album by French rapper Booba released on June 16 2004 over Tallac Records via the major Barclay Records/Universal Music Group.
 Live Your Life Be Free is the fourth studio album by American singer Belinda Carlisle released in the United States in 1991 by MCA Records and in the UK by Virgin Records. This was the first of Carlisle's albums not to chart in the United States and the last album of hers to produce a U.S. Billboard Hot 100 single (Do You Feel Like I Feel? number 73). The album fared better in the UK where it peaked at number seven.
 Undiscovered Soul is the second solo album from Richie Sambora the guitarist from New Jersey band Bon Jovi. The album was released on February 23 1998 and is more experimental than his earlier release Stranger in This Town. The album charted at #174 on The Billboard 200 and #24 on the UK Albums Chart. The lead single Hard Times Come Easy charted at #39 on the Mainstream rock chart and #37 in the UK the second single In It For Love charted at #58 on the UK Singles Chart.
 The Perfect Storm is the eighth studio album by American rapper Twista. The album was released on November 9 2010. The album debuted with 14939 copies at #38. The album had sold 19000 by November 21 2010. The album was produced mostly by The Legendary Traxster.
 Out of the Blues: The Best of David Bromberg is a compilation album by American multi-instrumentalist and singer-songwriter David Bromberg released by Columbia Records in 1977.
 When We Rock We Rock and When We Roll We Roll is a compilation album by Deep Purple featuring their best rock songs up until 1974. It features Purple classics such as Hush Kentucky Woman and Smoke on the Water.When We Rock We Rock and When We Roll We Roll was released in October 1978 by Warner Bros. Records. It was compiled by Dennis C. Nicklos in 1978 after the band originally split in 1976. Art direction by John Cabalka. Design by Gribbitt!. Illustration: Shusei Nagaoka.
 Places and Spaces is an album by American trumpeter Donald Byrd that was released on Blue Note in 1975.
 Changes is the third solo album by former Five Stairsteps member Keni Burke. It was released in 1982 on RCA Records and includes the often sampled track Risin' to the Top
 That Is Why You're Overweight is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1976 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Insurrection Rising is Savage Messiah's second album and was released on Candlelight Records on 19 October 2009.It was recorded at The Ecology Room studios in Deal England.
 Glamour is the sixth album of the Japanese hard rock band Show-Ya. The album was released on 24 August 1988. All musical arrangements are by Makoto Matsushita and Show-Ya. The single Aisazu Ni Irarenai - Still Be Hangin' on is Show-Ya's version of an unused demo from the recording sessions of Journey's Raised on Radio album. The song is sung both in English and Japanese with the lyrics translated by Keiko Terada. This album was mixed by Andy Johns in Los Angeles. It reached position No.
 Palabras del Silencio is the seventh album and sixth in Spanish by Puerto Rican artist Luis Fonsi. The album was released on August 26 2008. The album debuted at #15 on Billboard 200 Album Charts selling about 30000 in the first week. The album was certified Platinum for shipping 200000 units in the United States. It was also certified Gold in Mexico and Argentina and Platinum Spain.
 Billy Talent is the debut studio album of Canadian band Billy Talent after their first Watoosh! was released under their old name of Pezz in 1999. Billy Talent was certified 3 times platinum in Canada in January 2007. The album was nominated for Best Rock Album at 2004 Juno Awards. The album was recorded at The Factory in Vancouver British Columbia.
 The Janus Mirror is the second full-length album from Brooklyn-based orchestral rock band Emanuel and the Fear and was released via Haldern Pop in September 2012.
 10 Neurotics is the tenth studio album by the Darkwave/ Dark Cabaret band Black Tape for a Blue Girl. It was released September 22 2009 by Projekt Records in America and September 25 2009 by Trisol Records in Germany.Sam Rosenthal is joined by an all new band: Brian Viglione (The Dresden Dolls & World/Inferno Friendship Society) plus vocalists Athan Maroulis (Spahn Ranch) Laurie Reade (Attrition) and Nicki Jaine.
 Apagorevmeno (Greek: Απαγορευμένο; English: Forbidden) is Greek singer Anna Vissi's 25th studio album released in Greece and Cyprus on December 9 2008 by Sony BMG Greece. It is Vissi's first studio album since 2005 and the first since her 1981 self-titled album to not include any songs or input by Nikos Karvelas.
 Expresso II is an album by Pierre Moerlen's Gong issued in 1978.Like the other Pierre Moerlen's Gong albums the album is predominantly jazz-fusion and has little to do with the psychedelic space rock of Daevid Allen's Gong even though the bands share a common history.Expresso II is a companion piece to the band's previous release Gazeuse! (called Expresso in North America).
 End Blood is a two-track EP by Brooklyn-based experimental rock group Yeasayer. It was released by We Are Free on 16 April 2011 for Record Store Day on an exclusive 7 vinyl format and subsequently released digitally on 3 May 2011. The two songs were tracks that did not fit the album Odd Blood.
 This article describes the 12th album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 12 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music 12 or Now 12 is the 12th edition of the Now! series in the United Kingdom. It was released on vinyl audio cassette and CD on 11 July 1988.
 Old Jack is the first album from Brazilian blues/rock band O Bando do Velho Jack and was recorded in 1998. This album was not officially released.
 2000 B.C. (Before Can-I-Bus) is the second studio album by rapper Canibus released on July 18 2000 through Universal Records.Considered to have been a significant improvement over his debut album Can-I-Bus 2000 B.C. featured multiple record producers and greater differentiation. On the title track Canibus blames the commercial failure of his first album on the bland beats by Wyclef Jean whom he severed ties with to team up with various producers ranging from Ty Fyffe to Irv Gotti.
 Midnight Special is a 1962 album by Jamaican-American singer Harry Belafonte. The album notably contains the very first official recording of Bob Dylan who plays harmonica on the title track.
 Blissed Out is a 1991 remix album by the British pop / dance act The Beloved and a sister release of the 1990 studio album by the band the UK #14 Happiness which had generated four hit single releases.
 Struck Down is the second studio album by American hard rock/heavy metal band Yesterday and Today released in 1978. It was one of the last rock albums to be released by London Records. The album was brought back into print in 2009 when it was made available on the band's official website together with the self-titled debut on a single CD.The band would change their name to Y&T for their next studio album Earthshaker.
 Live at the Loft & More is a 2005 album by Rachael Yamagata released by BMG. It was produced by Kevin Salem except track 4 which was produced by John Alagia. The album was first released in Japan before being released to US and UK audiences.
 Devedesete (trans. 1990s) is the tenth studio album released by Serbian and former Yugoslav singer-songwriter Đorđe Balašević.Inspired with the events in Serbia at the end of 1990s Devedesete was Balašević's most politically involved album (for this reason the album was partially self-released).
 Blush is the debut EP by British alternative rock band Wolf Alice. It is scheduled to be released on 7 October 2013 on limited edition 10 vinyl. She is the first song to come from the EP which was uploaded to Wolf Alice's Soundcloud page.
 The Source Hip Hop Music Awards 1999 is a music compilation album contributed by The Source magazine. Released August 17 1999 and distributed by Def Jam Recordings Hip Hop Music Awards 1999 is the first annual album produced by the magazine to focus on its nominees of the now-defunct award show owing to the success of its Hip Hop Hits series. It features eighteen hip hop and rap hits.
 Music from and Inspired by Spider-Man 3 is a soundtrack album to Sam Raimi's 2007 film Spider-Man 3. It was released on May 1 2007. A special edition version is available only on the soundtrack's official website. A digital edition of the album is also in the planning stages with the release date to be announced. The soundtrack's website allows the user to listen to the first song from the soundtrack.
 Mystical Shit is the third album by avant-garde band King Missile first released in 1990 and later included on the compilation album Mystical Shit & Fluting on the Hump.
 Soul Shack is an album by American saxophonist Sonny Stitt and organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1963 and issued on Prestige. If Primitivo Soul! recorded in December of the same year features mostly Latin-influenced jazz Soul Shack features strong blues influences.
 Fuaim Catha is an anarcho-punk album by the band Oi Polloi. It was released in 1999 on Skuld Records. Fuaim Catha means 'Sound of Battle' in the Scottish Gaelic language.
 VOICE is the first mini album released by the J-Urban artist Emi Hinouchi.
 The Live Set - Volume 1 is the second album by the Australian alternative rock band Tlot Tlot. It was released in 1993. The bulk of the album consists of rerecorded versions of songs that appeared on Pistolbuttsa'twinkle their previous album a re-recorded version of the single Old Mac three unreleased songs and two covers of Depeche Mode's single Just Can't Get Enough one of which appears as a hidden track at the end of the album.
 The Fiancée is the second full-length album from the band The Chariot released on April 3 2007. It was the final release by the band to feature drummer Jake Ryan; it was also the only release until Long Live to feature guitarist Jon Terrey and the first and only release with guitarist Dan Eaton.
 Dagsedlar åt kapitalismen is an album by the Swedish folk singer-songwriter and guitar player Fred Åkerström.
 Musique a la Carte (French for Music from the Menu) is an album released by Kokia on September 15 2010. It is an album composed entirely of covers of songs by Western artists.
 Fornication In Delirium is an 7 EP by Rottrevore. Recorded May through June 1992. All drums were played by Bob O'lexa.
 Hanky Panky is the sixth studio album by The The released in 1994. It consists of cover versions of country singer Hank Williams' songs. It reached #28 on the UK album chart.
 Tora is the name of a 1988 music album by singer Anna Vissi. It was released in Greece and Cyprus by CBS Greece.
 After the War is an album by Irish rock guitarist Gary Moore released in 1989. Like Moore's prior album Wild Frontier this album contains elements of Celtic music. The instrumental track Dunluce is named after Dunluce Castle in Northern Ireland.The track Led Clones with Ozzy Osbourne sharing lead vocals with Moore pokes fun at bands such as Kingdom Come who were quite popular at the time and were based on a Led Zeppelin type sound and image; it also appeared on a compilation album.
 Sonny Stitt Plays (also referred to as Sonny Stitt Sonny Stitt Sonny Stitt Sonny Stitt Sonny Stitt) is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1955 and originally released on the Roost label.
 Old and in the Gray is an album released by the surviving members of Old and in the Way. It was released on the Acoustic Disc record label in 2002. Banjoist Jerry Garcia and bassist John Kahn both of whom were deceased were replaced by Herb Pedersen and Bryn Bright respectively.
 Krishna Maza is a 2002 Marathi devotional studio album by Shreya Ghoshal and Suresh Wadkar. Released on January 1 2002 the album consists of 8 tracks. The songs have been composed by Milind Joshi. This is the first Marathi album of Shreya Ghoshal and she recorded the tracks when she was 14.
 Villains is the fourth studio album by Stray from the Path. The album was released May 9 2008 on Sumerian Records and Victory Records.
 Rubai is the second album of Irish folk band Flook released in 2002 under Flatfish Records.
 Mothership is a greatest hits compilation album by English rock group Led Zeppelin released by Atlantic Records and Rhino Entertainment on 12 November 2007 in the United Kingdom and 13 November 2007 in the United States. It was released on the same day that Led Zeppelin's entire catalog became available in digital stores including the iTunes Store.
 Directions is a compilation album by American jazz musician Miles Davis released in 1981 by Columbia Records and Legacy Records. It collects previously unreleased outtakes that he recorded during 1960 to 1970.
 It Can Happen to Anyone is the debut studio album by American Neo Soul and R&B singer-songwriter Elisabeth Withers released by Blue Note Records on January 30 2007.
 Passive Restraints is the second EP by rock band Clutch. It was released on CD and 12 vinyl in April 1992 and contains three songs. The EP was re-released in 1997 with 2 tracks added from the same era as Impetus.
 Monsters of Legend is the sixteenth album by the band Midnight Syndicate. Advertised as a tribute to the Golden Age of Horror the packaging features images from Bride of Frankenstein Dracula. The album features the blend of orchestral instrumental music sound effects and audio storytelling that the band has become known for.
 Art Blakey Big Band (also called Art Blakey's Big Band and Art Blakey and his Drivin' Big Band) is an album by drummer Art Blakey recorded in late 1957 and originally released on the Bethlehem label.
 Neurotica is the fourth record from the band Redd Kross. It was released on Big Time Records (an RCA Records subsidiary) in 1987.
 Attack On Memory is the second studio album and third LP overall by Cloud Nothings. It was released on January 24 2012 by Carpark Records and was engineered by Steve Albini at his Electrical Audio studio in Chicago. The album is the first to include frontman Dylan Baldi's live band as full-time members and co-writers and has been noted for its heavier sound and darker songs a sharp turn from the power-pop of previous releases.
 Mr. Soul is the eleventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Sam Cooke. Produced by Hugo & Luigi the album was released in February 1963 in the United States by RCA Victor.The album was remastered in 2011 as a part of The RCA Albums Collection.
 Extravagant Worship: The Songs of Reuben Morgan is a compilation praise and worship album of Christian Contemporary music by the Hillsong Church.
 The eponymous album Cuff the Duke is the band's second full length release. Recorded and mixed in Toronto at The Woodshed Hallamusic and Chemical Sound. This album contains a re-recording of the track Anti-Social which first appeared on Life Stories for Minimum Wage.
 Reconstruction Site is a 2003 album by The Weakerthans. A song cycle about grief regret loss and eventual hope the album is thematically framed by three tracks (Manifest) (Hospital Vespers) and (Past-Due) which set three different sonnets following a terminally ill hospital patient into the aftermath of his death to the same melody.
 Generations is the twelfth studio album (fourteenth overall) by the American rock band Journey. It was the band's second full studio album with lead singer Steve Augeri and drummer Deen Castronovo confirming the line-up of 2001's Arrival and 2002's Red 13 EP.
 Major Motion Picture is an EP by Punchline.
 Vad livet har att ge is a compilation album by Kikki Danielsson & Kjell Roos Band released in Norway in February 2005 on Norwegian label Tylden & Co.. Six of the songs were new in them Kikki Danielsson sings solo only in the title track written by Kjell Roos. Janne Önnerud also appears on this album and he sings most of the new songs like the ballad För oss två.
 Pick You Up is the first EP release by pop duo Dash & Will. It features their first single of the same name Pick Up You.
 Send One Your Love is the twelfth studio album by jazz saxophonist Boney James released in 2009.The cover of James Taylor's Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight featuring guest vocalist Quinn was the only non-instrumental track on the album. It was released as a single and was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Traditional R&B Performance in 2010.
 Not to be confused with the Fat Joe song by the same name or the collegiate group Another Round (group).Another Round is the fifth studio album by American R&B singer-songwriter Jaheim released on February 9 2010.It's Jaheim's second album with Atlantic Records.
 Transkripsi is the eleventh studio album from Malaysian pop singer-songwriter Siti Nurhaliza and has been touted as Malaysia's Best Album of 2006. It also hailed as Siti's best album ever. The album was released on April 23 2006 in Malaysia Singapore and Brunei and at a later time in Indonesia. Siti performed the first single Biarlah Rahsia at the Anugerah Planet Muzik in 2006 which was aired live from Singapore weeks before the actual release date.
 Get Warmer is the fourth full-length album by DIY collective Bomb the Music Industry!. This was the first BtMI! album to feature a live band which was made up of over 20 different musicians. It is also the first BtMI! album to be released on CD with artwork and liner notes via Asian Man Records in the United States and Banquet Records in the United Kingdom.
 Hang Loose With The Surfin' Lungs is the fourth album released by surf music band The Surfin' Lungs released in 1996 on the Spanish label No Tomorrow. This album featured new drummer Ray Webb re-christened Ray Banz by the group who replaced LA-bound Graeme Block. Coming six years after their previous album The Beach Will Never Die this longplayer represented a progression in terms of musicianship and style while Webb's vocals helped create a more rounder sound to the group.
 Girly-Sound is the moniker under which singer-songwriter Liz Phair recorded several self-produced cassettes in 1991. The cassettes were later made available as bootlegs and some tracks have been officially released. Girly-Sound is also the name used to refer to the demos or bootlegs collectively. The recordings have been called legendary by Spin Magazine and by AllMusic one of the most popular and sought-after alternative rock bootlegs of all time.
 So Fresh: The Hits of Autumn 2004 is a compilation of songs that were popular in Australia in summer 2004.
 Standard Songs for Average People is an album by John Prine and Mac Wiseman released in 2007 (see 2007 in music). Wiseman was 82 years old at the time of the recording and Prine was 60.
 The Roxbox (Roxette 86-06) released on 18 October 2006 is a box set from Swedish pop duo Roxette celebrating 20 years of successful hit singles and albums. Its sister release was their Greatest hits compilation A Collection of Roxette Hits - Their 20 Greatest Songs!.
 Move on Over is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1963 and released on the Argo label.
 Driven is Cueshe's third album released on April 2008 by Sony BMG Philippines.
 Simple Modern Answers is the first solo album by former BBMak member Christian Burns and was released on October 25 2013. It features collaborations with famous musicians such as Armin van Buuren Paul van Dyk BT and others.
 Maiden Japan is an album by the Japanese jazz singer Monday Michiru released in 1994 by Kitty/Universal.
 His Young Heart is a four track EP by Daughter which was self-released by the band in April 2011. It was re-released on July 3 2012 on Glassnote Records who pressed it on 10 vinyl and made it available as a download. The cover image is an old family photograph of singer Elena Tonra. Tonra and Haefeli recorded this together as drummer Remi would join them later in the year.
 Rendez-vous is an album of instrumental electronic music composed and produced by Jean Michel Jarre and released on Disques Dreyfus licensed to Polydor in 1986. It is his fifth overall studio album. It sold some three million copies worldwide and remains Jarre's longest-running chart album in both the U.S. and UK with a 20 week run in the U.S. and an impressive 38 week run in the UK.
 In Extremis is the second full length album by the Los Angeles California based progressive rock band Days Between Stations. In Extremis is a concept album about a man at the point of death. The title In Extremis refers to the Latin term In extremity – A term used in reference to the last illness prior to death.The album contains one of the last studio performances by former Yes guitarist Peter Banks.
 Man Ray Vol. 1 is a 2001 compilation album. It was rereleased with Man Ray Vol. 2 and Man Ray Vol. 3 as part of a set.
 Puckett's Versus the Country Boy is the debut solo EP from former Weezer bassist and The Rentals front man Matt Sharp. The album features no electric guitar synths or percussion. Instead lap steel acoustic guitar piano and organ are the only accompaniment to Sharp's vocals. The album was recorded in Tennessee.
 140 Grime St is the third studio album by British rapper Kano released on 29 September 2008. The first single to be released from this album was the song Hustler which Kano described as the perfect single (as it explains so much). Other songs from the CD include Anywhere We Go I Like It and the autobiographical Aim For The Sky in which Kano describes his rise to commercial prominence.
 People Hell and Angels is a posthumous studio album by the American rock musician Jimi Hendrix. The fourth release under the Experience Hendrix deal with Legacy Recordings it contains twelve previously unreleased recordings of tracks he was working on for the planned follow-up to Electric Ladyland. It was released on March 5th 2013.
 Buck the World is the second studio album by rapper Young Buck. It was released on March 27 2007 through G-Unit & Interscope.
 Speak Love is the first studio album by the Packed to the Rafters star Hugh Sheridan and was released on 20 November 2009 in Australia.
 D is the debut album of composer Deuter released in 1971 through Kuckuck Schallplatten.
 41Fivin is the debut rap album by the Oakland California group 415 originally released in 1988. The album was reissued by Priority Records in June 1991 months before the release of the group's follow-up (Nu Niggaz on Tha Blokkk) on that same label.
 Magik Two: Story of the Fall is the second album in the Magik series by well-known trance DJ/producer Tiësto who at the time of the album's release was known as DJ Tiësto; the album was released on Tiësto's Black Hole record label. As with the rest of the Magik series the album is a live turntable mix.
 Fantasies & Delusions is the first (and so far only) album of Billy Joel's classical compositions released in 2001. The pieces were performed by Richard Joo who has been a long-time friend of Joel. The album was originally recorded at Cove City Sound Studios Glen Cove NY with help from long time production coordinator Bill Zampino and Richie Cannata. The album was re-recorded in Vienna Austria for final release.
 Her Şey Aşktan (or Herşey Aşktan with alternative spelling) (Turkish: Everything from love) is Işın Karaca's seventh studio album released on 8 May 2013. This is her first pop album since Uyanış which was released in 2009. She revealed the track listing on 29 March 2013 from her official Instagram account. She worked with Cansu Fettah Can Sefa Cheshmberah Zeynep Talu Selim Çaldıran Elif Nün İçelli Bora Duran and Zeki Güner for this album.
 Albannach is the debut album of Celtic Battle Music band Albannach released in 2006. Albannach means Scottish in Gaelic.
 Miles Davis and Horns is an album by jazz trumpeter Miles Davis released in 1956.
 Time Pieces: The Best of Eric Clapton is a greatest hits album by British musician Eric Clapton. The album was originally released by RSO/Polydor Records in April 1982 (see 1982 in music). The following year a second volume Time Pieces Vol.II Live in the Seventies was released by the label. The album has been reissued several times and has been awarded certifications in several regions.
 Lea is the second album by Lea Salonga presenting a danceable R&B mode. The album entered the pop charts at #2 and the R&B/soul chart at #1[citation needed]. The album earned received favourable reviews for its diverse mix of American-style R&B and easy listening ballads and became her first multi-platinum album.
 The Soft Machine as reissue also titled Volume One is the debut album by the British psychedelic rock band Soft Machine one of the central bands in the Canterbury scene.The band founded in 1966 recorded and released this studio album during their 1968 tour of the USA. It was produced by Chas Chandler and Tom Wilson.The song Joy of a Toy is one of the first compositions to feature a bass guitar melody played through a Wah-wah pedal.[citation needed]
 Masque is the third album by American progressive rock band Kansas released in 1975. The album was reissued in remastered format on CD in 2001.The opening track It Takes a Woman's Love (To Make a Man) was remixed for release as a single but failed to gain attention. The remix included additional guest vocals and contains segments far different from the album version. The album was remastered and issued on vinyl in 2014.
 Potential Murder Suspects (P.M.S.) is the third and final album released by the Hard Boyz. It was released on March 24 1998 through Roadrunner Records and was least successful of the group's three albums as it did not reach the Billboard charts.
 The Joys of Living 2008–2010 is a compilation album by the British rock band Sharks released 5 April 2011. It compiles tracks recorded during the band's first two years including their Shallow Waters EP (2008) Common Grounds single (2009) and Show of Hands EP (2010) along with the new tracks Sweet Harness and The Joys of Living. It serves as a debut for the band in the United States where their prior releases were available only as imports.
 Black Elvis/Lost in Space is the fourth studio album by emcee Kool Keith but recorded under the alias of Black Elvis. This is the first album performed under this alias. It was intended to be released the same day as First Come First Served but was pushed back by Columbia and ended up being released four months later through Relativity Entertainment Distribution rather than Sony Music Distribution denoted by the WK prefix instead of the customary CK prefix and the legal copy on the release.
 Lust 2 is the third album by Depth Charge and alias of UK producer Jonathan Saul Kane. It was released only a month after Lust and was originally conceived as a remix companion to the previous album. To date Lust 2 is the last full-length studio album recorded under the Depth Charge name.
 The Classics is the nineteenth studio album by American Contemporary Christian and Gospel singer-songwriter Wintley Phipps.
 Sepulcros de Miel (English: Tombs of Honey) is the twenty-first release by Omar Rodríguez-López guitarist band leader and producer of The Mars Volta Group. Released under the Omar Rodriguez Lopez Quartet name this record features fellow Mars Volta members Juan Alderete & Marcel Rodriguez-Lopez as well as John Frusciante. The record was digitally released May 30 2010 with a vinyl release to follow scheduled to ship around August 15.
 Far Away from Conformity is the second full length album from Cadaveria. The album was recorded at the C.pt Woofer Studios of Saluggia (Vercelli Italy).
 Sonny Rollins on Impulse! is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins his first to be released on the Impulse! label featuring performances by Rollins with Ray Bryant Walter Booker and Mickey Roker.
 Songs from the Guild was a short release featuring outtakes from the first three Collections from the Guild by the band Caedmon's Call.
 It Is So. is the first studio album of the Finnish hard rock band Stala & so. released on February 16 2011. The first single from the album is Everything For Money.
 All's Well That Ends is the name of the second EP released by Welsh eight piece band Los Campesinos!. It was recorded in June 2010 and features reworkings of four songs from the band's third album Romance Is Boring. It was released on limited edition 10 vinyl on July 19 2010 was made available from independent record stores and was also released on iTunes.
 Sleepy Buildings – A Semi Acoustic Evening is a live album by the Dutch alternative rock band The Gathering released in Europe on 26 January 2004 and in the United States on March 9 2004 by Century Media Records. The album was recorded at The LUX Theatre in Nijmegen Netherlands on 22 August 2003. Produced performed and arranged by The Gathering. Recorded and engineered by Jan Schuurman at 'The Van' Mobile Studio.
 Brave is the third studio album by Australian singer-songwriter Kate Ceberano and was her first solo foray into pop after two previously more adult-oriented albums. The album was released in early 1989 by Regular Records. ARIA has certified the album for triple platinum sales in Australia.
 Beneath the Boardwalk refers to an unofficial collection of 18 demo recordings by Sheffield band Arctic Monkeys which was burned onto CDs to give away at the band's gigs for free and which emerged on the Internet in 2004 promptly file-shared amongst fans.
 What is Soul is the seventh album and sixth studio album by Ben E. King and his fifth and last studio album on the Atco label. It was made up of mostly unsuccessful singles. The album was not issued in the US.
 Prelude: the Best of Charlotte Church is a 'best of' collection spanning the four classical music albums of the 16-year-old soprano Charlotte Church released in 2002 and also available on DVD.Prelude commemorates the end of Charlotte Church's classical career; her next album Tissues and Issues her last and final album with Sony Music would be a pop album.
 Complaints and Grievances is the 17th album and twelfth HBO stand-up special by comedian George Carlin. Its working title was I Kinda Like It When a Lot of People Die but it was renamed following the September 11 2001 attacks. Another possible title was The Great American Cattle Drive according to Carlin during an interview with Coast to Coast AM in the 1999.[citation needed]Complaints and Grievances was nominated for the 2003 Grammy Award for Best Spoken Comedy Album.
 Note: for the medical condition see Polycephaly.Two Headed is a 1995 album by Spirit of the West.It is the band's darkest and heaviest album with many songs directly addressing the subject of death.
 Haunted House is the third EP by the Australian Electro House duo Knife Party. All tracks are written and produced by Rob Swire and Gareth McGrillen. It was announced through their official Twitter page on 8 August 2012. It was released on 6 May 2013.On 16 April 2013 Knife Party announced on Twitter that they have replaced the track Baghdad with a VIP of Internet Friends. Knife Party premiered the official artwork for the EP on 27 April on their Facebook page.
 On is the title of a 1993 EP by the British electronic music artist Richard D. James more commonly known by his recording alias of Aphex Twin. It was released on 15 November 1993 by Warp Records.
 Live December 2004 A Souvenir Of Camber Sands is a live album by Throbbing Gristle released on the night of the performance. The performance and CD are both dedicated to John Balance who died in November 2004. The CD-R set was on sale minutes after Throbbing Gristle finished performing. Leftovers were available from Mute Records. The CD 1/CD 2 split differs on some of the CD-Rs.
 Ken Burns Jazz: John Coltrane is a compilation album by jazz musician John Coltrane. It is part of a series of tie-in compilations from various labels to the PBS miniseries Ken Burns Jazz.
 Body and Soul is an album by Joe Jackson released in March 1984. The album was Jackson's seventh studio album. In the UK it peaked at No. 14. The tracks are a mix of pop and jazz standards and salsa showcasing the U.S. No. 15 hit single You Can't Get What You Want (Till You Know What You Want). In a nod to its jazz standards influence the cover art imitated that of the album Sonny Rollins Vol. 2. The album was a modest commercial success.
 Sik Fong (色放; Colour Release) is Cantopop-rock singer Candy Lo's third studio album. It was released on 1 April 2000. For this album Candy Lo continued her collaboration with Hong Kong producer Kubert Leung with whom she worked on for most the tracks on her previous albums.
 Roadrunner is an album released by the Finnish rock band Hurriganes in 1974. It is considered one of the most influential albums in Finnish rock music history. It was the best selling Finnish album in years 1974-1985 and up to date it has been sold over 170 000 copies in Finland. The album was recorded in Stockholm Sweden at Marcus Music-studios. Album cover features the band crew sitting on a backseat of a Cadillac in Ruskeasuo Helsinki.
 Party Rock is the debut studio album by American electronic duo LMFAO released on July 7 2009 by Interscope Records. I'm in Miami Bitch was the first single released from the album on December 16 2008. The second single was La La La released on September 8 2009. The third single Shots was released on October 13 2009. Yes was released on December 15 2009 as the fourth single from the album.
 Leaving is the sixth extended play (EP) by American electronic dance music producer Skrillex. It was released on January 2 2013 exclusively to members of The Nest (OWSLA's subscription service). The three tracks were also uploaded to Moore's official YouTube channel the following day. The song Scary Bolly Dub had previously been played live and circulated through the Internet for approximately a year before being officially released.
 Stars Die: The Delerium Years 1991–1997 is a double album compilation by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree first released in March 2002. The cover is the same one used for Moonloop EP.
 Underneath the Pine is the second album from the artist Toro y Moi released on February 22 2011 on Carpark Records. The album was given the Best New Music designation by Pitchfork and they placed the album at number 48 on its list of the Top 50 albums of 2011.The Korean Edition of the album features the bonus track Ricardo And Ryne.
 Blah-Blah-Blah is an album by Iggy Pop. Released on A&M in 1986 it became his most commercially successful album to date. Blah-Blah-Blah appeared after a four-year hiatus for Pop with David Bowie serving as his prime collaborator. A successful tour followed the album's release.
 II Xerath's second album was released on May 3 2011 through Candlelight Records. It was mixed and mastered by Jacob Hansen at Hansen Studios. Drum recording and tracking was done by Chris Fielding at Foel Studios. As with the first album the artwork was by done Colin Marks of Rainsong Design.
 Con Todo is a worship album of Christian Contemporary music by Hillsong Church in Spanish that was released on June 8 2010. The album includes a selection of 14 songs by Hillsong translated and recorded in Spanish featuring Darlene Zschech Reuben Morgan and other members of the Hillsong Worship Team. The album won the award for Spanish Language Album of the Year at the 42nd GMA Dove Awards.
 Strictly Instrumental is the title of a recording by American folk music artists Doc Watson Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs released in 1967.
 Heaven in This Hell is the third studio album by Australian singer and guitarist Orianthi. Produced by Dave Stewart the album was released on Robo Records on 12 March 2013. Orianthi cited modern country and blues as the main inspirations on the album's sound on an interview for Guitar World on January 2013.[citation needed] Five of the songs of the album were already previously released in Orianthi's first EP Fire released in 2011.
 Let Go is the first EP by 38th Parallel.
 Alone is a 1957 studio album by Judy Garland arranged by Gordon Jenkins.
 Themes 3 is an LP album by Psychic TV.
 Onnenpyörä (Finnish for Wheel of Fortune) is a live cover album by Sielun Veljet under four different aliases released in 1988.
 LSD 25 - 25 Years Of Fuzz And Fury is a compilation album by the band Fuzztones released in 2005 in Italy and in 2006 in US with a bonus DVD of promo videos television appearances and interviews.
 Back On Track is an album by country singer Billy Crash Craddock. It was released in 1989 on Atlantic Records.
 Cry is the fifth studio album by American country music singer Faith Hill. It was released October 15 2002 via Warner Bros. Records selling 472486 copies in its first week a career best for Hill. The album was intended as a crossover project for her and although three of its singles were released to country radio none reached Top Ten. The title track and One were both Adult Contemoporary hits however. It went on to sell 4 million copies worldwide.
 Living Room Suite is the eighth studio album by the American singer/songwriter Harry Chapin released in 1978. (see 1978 in music).
 Meatsuit is the debut studio album of Fallingice released on 16 July 2010 via Ukdivision Records. In November 2010 it was also distributed and promoted in Benelux (Belgium Netherlands and Luxembourg) by Roadrunner Records Belgium.
 Requiem for Julius is the seventeenth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and their fifth on the Justin Time label. The album features performances by Hamiet Bluiett John Purcell Oliver Lake and David Murray and is dedicated to the band's founding member Julius Hemphill.
 Chance for a Lifetime is the debut album of American rock/pop band Catchpenny released in December 2005. More than 4000 copies of the album were in its first year after release.
 David Ball is the self-titled debut album from American country music artist David Ball. He recorded the album in 1989 for RCA Nashville. Three singles from it charted between 1988 and 1989: Steppin' Out You Go You're Gone and Gift of Love which respectively reached #46 #55 and #64 on the Billboard country charts. Despite these three singles however the album was not released by RCA until late 1994 by which point Ball had been signed to Warner Bros.
 Remek Delo is the second solo album by Škabo a member of the Belgrade hip hop collective Beogradski sindikat released on June 13 2008 by Magmedia. It contains the following 11 tracks: Intro feat. Bad Copy Sam protiv sebe Dorćol feat. DJ Ape Sonsi Ras & DJ Uce Ljubomorni Pojaačaj! Smisao Braća Zmaj reda Porodica feat. Radoš Ćulibrk Remek delo feat. Radoš Ćulibrk Biće sve okej feat. Wikluh Sky
 This 1990 album was Tom Zé's first release on Luaka Bop after being discovered by David Byrne and was the first introduction of Zé's music to a wider U.S. audience.
 Pretty Little Head is the second album by singer Nellie McKay. It was released October 31 2006 on Nellie's own Hungry Mouse label. Initial reports indicated that the album would be released on the Internet in January with a possible conventional release in February; however this did not end up being the case.
 Lichen Ears is an EP by New Zealand band The Ruby Suns featuring a number of songs from the same sessions that produced the band's 2008 album Sea Lion. It was released in 2007 exclusively on Auckland's Lil' Chief Records as a limited pressing of 300 copies.
 Demasiado Fuerte (Spanish for (roughly) Much Too Hard) is the 30th album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge. It was released in 2007. The album was featured at Billboard's chart Billboard 200 at the 112 position. Yolandita was nominated for a 2008 Billboard Award and a 2008 GLAAD Award for this record.The album debuted number one in Billboard Latin Pop Albums making her return to music one of the greatest comebacks ever seen in the Latin Market.
 History Lesson New Years 1997 is the seventh Archive release by Athens Georgia's Widespread Panic. The performance was recorded live at the Fox Theater in Atlanta Georgia on December 31 1997. The multi-track recordings featured all original band members including late guitarist Michael Houser.
 I Predict a Clone: A Steve Taylor Tribute is a various artists album released in 1994. The album is a tribute to the Christian music artist Steve Taylor.The music is in a variety of styles which generally reflect the artist which recorded the track. Taylor himself took no part in the production of the project and opted to donate all proceeds to the Jesus People USA.
 Borknagar is the debut album by the Norwegian band of the same name. It is their only album to feature lyrics in the Norwegian language as well as their only pure black/viking metal album as they would progress on to a somewhat more melodic/progressive black metal sound on their later albums.
 Koncert Beogradska Arena is the title of the first live album by pop singer-songwriter and producer - Željko Joksimović. The album consists of a DVD and CD which contains the footage shot from his concert held in the Belgrade Arena in April 2007. The CD contains the main theme from the TV series Ono naše što nekad bejaše and a gallery with Joksimović's newest photos as a bonus. It was released on 13 of February 2008 by Minacord Records.
 Thunder Seven is an album by the Canadian Heavy Metal band Triumph released in November 1984. It was the band's seventh studio album. The second half of the album follows a concept based on various time-related themes.The album was certified gold in the US by the RIAA with sales of over 500000 copies on April 21 2003 almost nineteen years after its initial release.Follow Your Heart was the band's highest charting single of the time reaching #88 in both the UK and the US.
 Cherie is the 2004 debut album by the French pop and dance music artist Cherie. The single Betcha Never was featured in the 2003 film Batman: Mystery of the Batwoman.
 Into the Glorious is the second studio album from Contemporary Christian music artist Christy Nockels released on April 3 2012 by Sparrow and sixstepsrecords.
 Sing-songs is an EP by The Church.Spurred on by record company insistence the EP Sing-Songs came on the heels of the Church's 1982 album The Blurred Crusade. Unlike the polished nature of its predecessors the release's material was quickly written and recorded for U.S. label Capitol Records as potential singles. After being rejected the songs were put together and released without being re-recorded.Sing-songs was long considered the most difficult item in the Church's catalog to obtain.
 The Split CD (also known as The Split 10 on vinyl) is a 1998 split EP featuring tracks from Queens of the Stone Age and Beaver. It is currently out of print and rare.The songs The Bronze and These Aren't the Droids You're Looking For were later included in the 2011 reissue of Queens of the Stone Age's self-titled debut album originally released in 1998.The songs Morocco and Absence Without Leave are misprinted and are actually labeled for the opposite songs.
 Here I Am is the eighth studio album by Marvin Sapp as well as his fifth on Verity Records. The album debuted at number 2 on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 76000 copies making it the highest charting gospel album in history.
 Behind the 8 Ball is an album by organist Baby Face Willette recorded in 1964 and released on the Argo label.
 Be Delighted is a follow-up EP from the Canadian punk rock band This Is a Standoff's second studio album Be Disappointed. It was released on September 1 2011 through the internet and was available for purchase on iTunes.
 Nuvole barocche is an album released by Italian singer/songwriter Fabrizio De André. It is a compilation of tracks from his first singles (which appear for the first time on LP) and from two of his LPs: Tutto Fabrizio De André and Volume 1.
 A Million Lights is the third studio album by British recording artist Cheryl Cole released on 15 June 2012 through Fascination Records. The album was recorded in 2011 and 2012. As the executive producer of the album Cole enlisted a variety of producers such as Alex da Kid Calvin Harris will.i.am Pantha Agent X HyGrade Dada Life Jim Beanz Taio Cruz Mathias Wollo The Beamer Boyz Billy Wes Electric Bibi Jones and Dave Munday.
 Southbound is a compilation record by The Hour Glass featuring outtakes from each of the group's two albums for Liberty Records The Hour Glass (1967) and Power of Love (1968) as well as material recorded by Gregg Allman in 1968 and 1969 with session musicians in order to prevent Liberty Records from suing the group due to their disbanding. All of the material had been previously released on the 1992 EMI reissues of The Hour Glass and Power of Love both now out of print.
 The Natural Four is the second album by the Oakland California group The Natural Four released in 1974 on Curtom Records.
 The Good Hope Concerts is a live album from Juluka a South African band led by Johnny Clegg and Sipho Mchunu. It was first released in 1986. It was recorded at the Good Hope Centre in Cape Town. The concerts were Clegg's first major successes in Cape Town and were promoted by local record label Mountain Records.
 Play It Strange is a 2010 album by The Fresh & Onlys. Pitchfork Media placed it at number 29 on its list The Top 50 Albums of 2010 and the track Waterfall at number 57 on its list The Top 100 Tracks of 2010.
 Stalinism (スターリニズム) is an EP by Japanese hardcore punk group The Stalin. It was released on April 7 1981.
 Red Demo is the third demo tape by the thrash metal band Sadus released in 1994. This demo tape hasn't got any covers; as a matter of fact on Internet you can find only a few photos of the cassette.
 Triplesplit Series Vol. 1 was one of Sunset Alliance's first releases and remains one of its best selling records. It features Andherson Before Braille and Fivespeed each of whom would make an appearance on the popular Emo Diaries series on Deep Elm Records.
 Roses & Clover is the second Brushfire Records release by Animal Liberation Orchestra.
 Ascension Side C is the second album produced by hip-hop artist Pep Love released December 10 2003 under Hieroglyphics's independent label Hieroglyphics Imperium.
 Downtown Hades is the second album of the Norwegian thrash metal band Infernö. It was recorded and released in 1997.
 El Trabuco Venezolano Vol. IV is a studio Vinyl LP by Venezuelan musician Alberto Naranjo originally released in 1984 and partially reedited in two CD albums titled El Trabuco Venezolano 1977 - 1984' Vol. 1 (1994) and Vol. 2 (1995). It is the sixth of seven albums (two live albums) of the El Trabuco Venezolano musical project arranged and directed by Naranjo.
 Mother Earth is the second studio album by Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation. Originally released on December 4 2000 in the Netherlands and August 21 2001 in other parts of Europe it quickly became a success in the band's heartland reaching platinum status in the Netherlands Belgium and Germany in addition to achieving TMF/MTV Awards in both countries.
 Time To Go - The Southern Psychedelic Moment: 1981-86 is a compilation album released in 2012 by recording label Flying Nun Records.
 Over the Rooftops is the first album by Sevenglory. It was released on 1 March 2006 through 7Spin Music.
 Cabbage is the eighth album by Celtic band Gaelic Storm. It was released on August 3 2010 and reached #73 on the Billboard 200 on August 21 2010.
 Dominator released in 1988 is the second full-length studio album by the British heavy metal band Cloven Hoof. This science fiction concept album debuts singer Russ North and guitarist Andy Wood (both from Tredegar) in the band as well as drummer Jon Brown. This album also shows Cloven Hoof's musical direction leaning more towards power metal than their previous releases.In 2011 the album has been digitally remastered and reissued by Metal Nations (UK record label).
 Sweet and Hot is a 1955 studio album by Ella Fitzgerald issued on the Decca Records label. The album features tracks recorded during the early 1950s that had been previously issued on 78rpm single. MCA Records re-issued the complete album on CD in 1998 together with the 1955 album Lullabies of Birdland.
 Chapter VI 【Atlantis】 (Chinese: 第六章【亞特蘭提斯】) is the sixth studio album of Taiwanese band F.I.R. It was released on April 15 2011.
 Cross Road is a video release of music videos by rock band Bon Jovi coinciding with the bands greatest hits album of the same name. It contains 16 of the band's music videos 4 of which previously unreleased. It won a 1994 Metal Edge Readers Choice Award for Best Video Cassette.
 Hot Buttered Soul is Isaac Hayes' second studio album. Released in 1969 it is recognized as a landmark in soul music.
 Secrets is the sixth studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth released in 1989 through Intima Records; a remastered edition was reissued in 2008 through Eidolon Efformation.
 Love Is What Stays is a 2007 studio album by Mark Murphy arranged by Nan Schwartz and Till Brönner.For Murphy's second Verve album he is accompanied by such luminaries as Lee Konitz Don Grusin the Deutsches Symphonie-Orchester Berlin Chuck Loeb and Sebastian Merk.
 King Britt Presents: Sister Gertrude Morgan is an album by King Britt released on September 6 2005.
 Te Amo (I Love You) is the title of the first studio album released by Panamanian singer-songwriter Makano on November 18 2008. This album includes the single Te Amo which peaked at number-one in the Billboard Hot Latin Tracks chart.
 Other Channels is the debut album by Jon Brooks under the pseudonym of The Advisory Circle. It was preceded by the mini-album Mind How You Go. The album was released on March 10 2008 on the Ghost Box Music label.
 The Montreux Album is the fifth studio album by the British rock band Smokie released in 1978. In Germany The Montreux Album spent 24 weeks in the charts peaking at No. 3. It also reached No. 6 in Austria and No. 52 in the UK Albums Chart.
 The Young Machines is an album by Her Space Holiday. It was released September 30 2003 on Wichita Recordings/Mush Records.
 Ne zovi me ne traži me (English translation: Don't Call Me Don't Look for Me) is the twelfth studio album of Bosnian singer Halid Bešlić. It was released in 1996.
 Destroyer's Rubies is the seventh studio album from Destroyer and was the follow-up to Notorious Lightning & Other Works the 2005 EP.
 Marathon is a studio album by Saga their fifteenth album of new material.
 Rarities Volume I & Volume II is a two-album series collecting songs by The Who released in 1983 on Polydor in the United Kingdom.
 Pobjeda is the fourth album by Hladno Pivo. It was released in 1999.
 Ketevan is the sixth studio album by Georgian-British singer Katie Melua released in the United Kingdom on 16 September 2013 through Dramatico. At birth Melua was given the name Ketevan later she adopted the name Katie.
 Down the River of Golden Dreams is Okkervil River's second full-length album released on September 2 2003. William Schaff continued to create artwork for Okkervil River with this release. The record label Jagjaguwar released the album on CD and vinyl under the catalog number JAG54.
 The Sounds of Solid is the second studio album by the American rock band Sugartooth released in September 1996. The album was recorded with production team The Dust Brothers.The album received a two and a half star rating from the Los Angeles Times.
 The Marvin Gaye Collection is a boxset released by Motown Records in 1990. The boxset divided into four categories features thirty-four unreleased songs including the sessions from 1979's The Ballads (later released in 1997 as Vulnerable).The set is out of print usurped by 1995's The Master (1961-1984).
 Porque No Perdonar is a studio album released in 1978 by the Mexican group Los Freddy's.
 Dub Tomfoolery is an EP (extended play) by New Zealand dub group Salmonella Dub released in 1995. In 2000 the EP was re-released.The EP was recorded at the Redd Acoustics Studio in the first week of the 1995.A 7 track EP produced by Mike Hodgson from Pitch Black which was last available as a bonus disc on Calming of the Drunken Monkey.
 The Source Presents: Hip Hop Hits is the first annual music compilation album to be contributed by The Source magazine. Released December 16 1997 and distributed through Polygram Records Hip Hop Hits Volume 1 features eighteen hip hop and rap hits.
 The Way It Was is the second studio album by American pop rock band Parachute released by Mercury Records on May 17 2011. The album debuted at number 19 on the Billboard 200 chart number 7 on the Rock Albums chart and number 4 on the Digital Albums chart. The band tested new songs What I Know White Dress Halfway Square One Break My Heart for Me and Something to Believe in during their 2010 fall tour.
 Panic is the twenty-sixth album by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle. It is one of the most idiosyncratic albums of Circle's long and varied career. It comprises eleven tracks. The first three are synthesizer-based ambient music pieces. These are followed by six short punk songs. Finally the last two tracks are the almost silent Tunnel and the 15-minute drone piece And Far Away.
 Little Sparks is the third album by Delorentos released in 2012.
 The Definitive Collection is a compilation album released from country music singer-songwriter Billy Ray Cyrus in June 2004. The album is part of Universal Music Group's The Definitive Collection series and was released without Cyrus' supervision thus no new material was recorded. Fastest Horse in a One-Horse Town was not previously included on any of Cyrus's albums although he recorded it for a compilation called NASCAR: Runnin' Wide Open.
 Tamar is the self-titled debut solo album by Tamar Braxton released on March 21 2000 through DreamWorks Records and RedZone Entertainment. Prior to the album's release Braxton had been the lead singer of The Braxtons after her sisters Traci and Toni had left the group leaving them as a trio of just Tamar Trina and Towanda.
 That Good Feelin' is an album by jazz organist Johnny Hammond Smith recorded for the New Jazz label in 1959.
 Long Live KOKO is the debut EP by Pacific Air.
 Disembowelment is a compilation of all the recorded material by the Australian death/doom band Disembowelment. It was released on 28 June 2005 by Relapse Records as a two-CD set in a gatefold package with the band's logo embossed on the cover. Included with the album was a booklet featuring an extensive biography of the band written by drummer Paul Mazziotta.
 The Dark Legacy is a full-length studio album by German heavy metal band Paragon released in 2003.
 Back to Basics is the seventeenth studio album by the reggae artist Beenie Man released on July 13 2004. His single Dude reached #26 on the Billboard charts and #7 in the British charts.
 The Marriage of Heaven and Hell Part II was the seventh studio album by American power metal band Virgin Steele and it was the second of three albums in The Marriage of Heaven and Hell series. It was mostly written and composed by David DeFeis and Edward Pursino. It is a well received album for its romantic and lyrical approach and it's being a major influence on symphonic metal.
 AHJ is an extended play by American alternative rock artist Albert Hammond Jr.. The EP comprises five songs but 'Carnal Cruise' is exclusive available on the Cult Web Store & 10 Vinyl. Albert Hammond Jr. began a tour to support this EP in October 2013.
 Uprooted is the only release by the band Absent Element which featured singer/song writer Chris Daughtry on vocals and guitar. The songs Conviction and Breakdown were combined and re-recorded as the song Breakdown for the Daughtry's self-titled debut album.
 Against the Law is the fifth release and fourth full-length album from the Christian metal band Stryper released on August 21 1990 (see 1990 in music). Three singles/video were released for this album including Shining Star Two Time Woman and Lady.This album marked a radical change in the musical and visual direction of the band. Gone were the yellow and black spandex outfits the bold evangelical lyrics and the familiar yellow-and-black band logo with Isaiah 53:5.
 Full Speed Ahead is the seventh (and possibly final) studio album by the American crossover thrash band D.R.I. which was released in 1995. The album has been met with mixed reviews and was not successful commercially.To date Full Speed Ahead remains the last album of new material D.R.I. had released. After the album's release the band had reached the conclusion they would no longer record any new music.
 The Worst is the second studio album recorded by rapper Tech N9ne.
 The Golden Archipelago is the sixth studio album by American indie rock band Shearwater. It was released on February 23 2010 on the Matador Records label. The track Black Eyes is the first single from the album.Shearwater released the album on both CD and vinyl. The first pressing of the CD includes a 50-page booklet with lyrics as well as collected photographs from the Golden Dossier featuring images maps and texts of island exploration themes.
 On da Grind is the fourth studio album by the Ghetto Mafia. It was released on October 20 1998 as the group's second and final album through Fully Loaded Records with production handled by the Ghetto Mafia and Carl Cooly C Dorsey. On da Grind became the group's most successful album peaking at 169 on the Billboard 200 their only album to make it to that chart. The single In Decatur managed to make it to the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop singles chart.
 2 Years On was the eighth album released by English rock band Bee Gees and their sixth international release. This LP was released in December 1970. The album reached No. 32 on the US charts and sold 375000 copies worldwide. The album saw the return of Robin Gibb to the group after the earlier disagreement and subsequent split following Odessa. 2 Years On was also the first album to feature drummer Geoff Bridgford who remained a full-time member of the group until 1972.
 Mr. Bad Guy is the first solo album from Queen singer Freddie Mercury. Released in 1985 during a period in which Queen were on hiatus from recordings it contains eleven songs all written by him. It was dedicated to my cat Jerry—also Tom Oscar and Tiffany and all the cat lovers across the universe—screw everybody else.
 Estamos en la pecera is the eighth album recorded by the Argentine rock band Vox Dei.First without Soulé and is the only album with Carlos Michelini.Following the departure of Soulé in 1974 Willy Quiroga and Rubén Basoalto hire Beto Fortunato and Carlos Michelini on guitars who recorded a single entitled Nada es tan dificil como estar vivo. But during the recording of this album just Michelini appears as a member of the group.
 Hymn to the Immortal Wind is the fifth studio album by Japanese post-rock band Mono released 24 March 2009 on Temporary Residence Limited.The album was recorded and mixed in June and November 2008 at the Electrical Audio Recording Studios Chicago Illinois by Steve Albini. A music video for Follow the Map was released to promote the album. This is a concept album and there is a short story enclosed with the CD to go along with the music.
 Due anni dopo is the second album by Italian singer-songwriter Francesco Guccini. It was released in 1970 by EMI.
 Heavy Metal Breakdown is the debut album by the German heavy metal band Grave Digger which was released in October 1984 by Noise Records.
 Between Heaven 'N Hell is the seventh studio album from American Christian rock band Resurrection Band released in 1985. This is the first album on which Resurrection Band shortened its moniker to REZ and it also marks the band's final album for Sparrow Records.
 A Live Record is the first live album by the progressive rock band Camel released in 1978. It is a double LP composed of recordings from three different tours.LP one features recordings from the Mirage tour in 1974 and the Rain Dances tour in 1977.
 Music from and Inspired by 12 Years a Slave is the soundtrack album to 12 Years a Slave.
 Sinister Slaughter is the second full-length album by American death metal band Macabre and was released in 1993 by Nuclear Blast Records. The cover artwork is a parody on the Beatles album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band featuring serial killers and mass murderers instead of famous people. The album was re-released in 2000 in a digipak that included the songs off the Behind the Wall of Sleep EP as bonus tracks.
 The Anatomy of the Tongue in Cheek (often shortened to Anatomy by fans) is the second full-length album released by the Christian rock band Relient K. It was released on August 28 2001 and peaked at No. 158 on the Billboard 200. On June 26 2006 the album was certified Gold by the RIAA for sales in excess of 500000 units in the United States.
 Re Contra is the fourth studio album by the Serbian punk rock band Goblini released by Metropolis Records in 1999.
 Breed Obsession is the third studio album by Australian rock band Gyroscope produced by Dave Eringa and released through Warner Music on 8 March 2008.The album was recorded mixed and produced in the United Kingdom. It was the second time Gyroscope had headed overseas to record after working in Los Angeles on their previous album Are You Involved? in 2005.Breed Obsession debuted at number one on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart making it the band's most commercially successful album.
 The Red Dirt Album is an album by Stoney LaRue. It was released in August 2005. The song Down in Flames was co-written and by Brandon Jenkins recorded on his 2004 album Down in Flames. The song Forever Young was written by Bob Dylan and recorded on his 1974 album Planet Waves.
 Solo Concert is a live album by guitarist Ralph Towner recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label.
 Monument Bineothan is the first studio release by Oslo Norway metalcore/mathcore band Benea Reach. It was released in Europe in July 2006 on Tabu Records. It was released in the U.S. on March 20 2007 through Candlelight Records. The album was nominated for the 35th annual Spellemannprisen in the Metal category.Music Videos were recorded for the songs Inheritor and Pandemonium.
 Northern Exposure is a 1996 mix album by DJs Sasha & John Digweed. It is their second mix album. There is both a British edition released by Ministry of Sound and an American edition released by Ultra Records in 1997. The British package contains both CDs whereas the American only has the first disc. The album is a concept album of tracks specially selected and mixed as two different journeys the first being the north journey and the second being the south journey.
 Supply and Depend is the first full-length release by Warship the band founded by Fran Mark and Rob Lauritsen formerly of the now defunct From Autumn to Ashes. It was released on November 4 2008 on Vagrant Records and features 10 tracks the band recorded with producer Andrew Schneider over the summer. Almost all of the songs from the album were played live on the band's recent tour with Reggie and the Full Effect.Artist Brad Bacon made the cover of the album.
 Ultimate Boney M. – Long Versions & Rarities Volume 1 is the first of a series of Boney M. releases gathering the original 12 versions non-album tracks and alternate versions of the group's recordings. Volume 1 sums up the group's most successful period the years 1976-1980 and features 12 tracks of which six have never been available on CD before. The disc omits the 12 version of Rasputin which was included on Rivers Of Babylon (A Best Of Collection) (2008).
 Lova Lova is the fourth studio album from the French power pop group Superbus. It was released on February 9 2009 on Mercury Records. All tracks were composed by lead singer Jennifer Ayache with the exception of one composed by both Ayache and Patrice Focone.The album will be available in both a standard version as well as a limited CD-book which includes a DVD. A re-issue was sold on October 26th with a new tracklist three bonus tracks and a new cover and artwork.
 Excavations of the Mind is the debut album of the Dutch Progressive rock band Sky Architect. It is a concept album about the mentally insane. The first four tracks are parts of a 19-minute suite Deep Chasm. The album cover artist Mark Wilkinson is well known for his work with Fish Marillion Judas Priest and sometimes Iron Maiden.
 The Let It Shine soundtrack features 13 original songs and was released on June 12 2012. The tracks were written by top songwriters and producers in the pop and R&B business. The soundtrack debuted at number 29 on the US Billboard 200. It has also charted at number 22 on the US Digital Albums chart 3 on the US Rap Albums chart number 2 on the US Top Soundtracks chart and topped the US Kid Albums chart. On June 29th 2012 the soundtrack topped the US Rap Albums chart at 1.
 Twilight is the second album by Filipino band Hale released under EMI Philippines on September 30 2006. It contains four singles which are the widely-nominated Waltz Hide and Seek Shooting Star and The Ballad Of.
 Strawberries Oceans Ships Forest is a 1993 ambient techno album by The Fireman a duo consisting of Paul McCartney and producer Youth who is best known as a member of Killing Joke and the Orb.
 In the World is an album by jazz saxophonist Clifford Jordan which was recorded in 1969 and released on the Strata-East label in 1972. The album was rereleased on CD as part of The Complete Clifford Jordan Strata-East Sessions in 2013
 And the Word Became Flesh is the fifth album by emcee Professor Griff which was released on September 11 2001 on the Right Stuff Records and was produced by Professor Griff and Chuck D. The album did not make it to any of the Billboard chart or produce any hit singles. Chuck D Umar Bin Hassan and Kerwin Sleek Young made guest appearances.
 Double-Shot is an album by jazz trumpeter Chet Baker and the Mariachi Brass recorded in 1966 and released on the World Pacific label.
 Pastorale is an album by Italian pianist Stefano Battaglia with Michele Rabbia on electronics and percussion recorded in 20009 and released on the ECM label.
 Zoetrope is an album released in 2002 by the dark ambient musician Lustmord on the Nextera record label. The album is a soundtrack to the experimental psychological horror film of the same name.
 First EP ever released by Calico System.
 SYR1: Anagrama is an EP by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth. It was released in May 1997 and is the first in a series of experimental and mostly instrumental releases put out on the band's own SYR label.
 Sacrifice is the debut album by English rock band Black Widow. It was issued in March 1970 through CBS Records and was produced by Patrick Meehan Jr. The album features the band's best known song Come to the Sabbat and its lyrical themes are centred on Satanism and occultism. Sacrifice reached No. 32 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Homotopy To Marie is the fifth album by Nurse With Wound released in 1982. Although Nurse With Wound had generated considerable interest across their preceding releases Steven Stapleton has asserted to author David Keenan that Homotopy To Marie should be considered the first real NWW album. In Keenan's book England's Hidden Reverse Stapleton states that this was the first album he made without intervention the original trio line-up having dispersed in 1980. Although J. G.
 The Silent Generation is the debut album by The Dimes released on December 11 2007 via the label Timber Carnival Records.
 Paradise is the fifth album by soul vocalist Peabo Bryson.
 Il programmino di Gigi D'agostino (English: The Programme of Gigi D'Agostino) is the third compilation album by Italian DJ Gigi D'Agostino released in 2003 through NoiseMaker / Media Records.
 The Strands of the Future is the second album by French progressive rock band Pulsar.
 Wig In A Box: Songs from & Inspired by Hedwig and the Angry Inch is a charity tribute album featuring versions of songs from the musical Hedwig and the Angry Inch.
 Temper Temper is the fourth studio album by the Welsh heavy metal band Bullet for My Valentine released on February 8 2013 in Australia and February 11 2013 worldwide under RCA Records. The album was once again produced by Don Gilmore who worked on the group's last album 2010's Fever and was mixed by noted engineer Chris Lord-Alge.The band debuted the album's title track live on October 22 2012 as part of BBC Radio 1's Rock Week.
 Phases is a box set compiling the first eight studio albums by The Who as well as the Live at Leeds album in LP form. This box set was released in the United Kingdom and West Germany.
 The Discovery of a World Inside the Moone is the fourth album from The Apples in Stereo. It received generally good reviews as a showcase for the band’s experimental/psychedelic pop.The album is the band’s first major change in production style compared to earlier albums.
 Peacemaker is the third studio album from red dirt metal band Texas Hippie Coalition. The album was released on August 14 2012 and was ranked No.20 on Billboard Hard Rock Albums.
 III Steps Forward is a 2002 album by the band Download. It is a collection of new material as well as outtakes from their albums III and Effector.
 Showdown is the sixteenth album released by The Isley Brothers on their T-Neck imprint in April 1978.
 Miss Donna Fargo is the fourth studio album released by American country artist Donna Fargo. The album was released in 1974 on Dot Records and was produced by Fargo's husband and manager Stan Silver. Unlike any of Fargo's previous releases Miss Donna Fargo spawned three singles all of which became Top 10 singles on the Billboard country chart including You Can't Be a Beacon If Your Light Don't Shine.
 Nubian M.O.B. is the only album of a contemporary R&B group of the same name which was released during 1992 on Cold Chillin' Records. It was produced entirely by Daddy-O of the group Stetsasonic.Executive Producers were Kedar Massenburg Tyrone Williams and Leonard Richardson.
 Eddie Kendricks is the third album by former Temptations vocalist Eddie Kendricks. Released in the Spring of 1973 on the Tamla imprint of Motown Records.
 It's Not Over is an album by multiple Grammy and Stellar award winning gospel singer Karen Clark Sheard released on January 24 2006. The album peaked at #4 on the Billboard Top Gospel Charts and #124 on the Billboard Top 200. This is Karen Clark Sheard's debut as a solo artist for Word Records but not her first foray with the label as she was signed to Word as a member of the Clark Sisters two decades prior to the album's release.
 Peggy Suicide is the seventh album by Julian Cope. It is generally seen as the beginning of Cope's trademark sound and approach and as a turning-point for Cope as a maturing artist.
 Life on the Ropes is the seventh full-length studio album from New York hardcore punk band Sick of It All. Released in September 2003 it was the band's final album of new material on Fat Wreck Chords. The album features guest backing vocals from amongst others John Joseph of Cro-Mags.
 Maximum Violence is Six Feet Under's 3rd studio album. The album goes back to Chris Barnes' roots in Cannibal Corpse with violent themes/lyrics. It was also the first Six Feet Under album to feature Steve Swanson on guitars.
 You Could Be Born Again is the second album by The Free Design; it was released in 1968.
 Snoop Dogg Presents...Doggy Style Allstars Welcome To Tha House Vol. 1 is a compilation presented by American rapper Snoop Dogg. It was released August 13 2002 on Snoop Dogg's own label Doggystyle Records. The album features production by DJ Premier Quazedelic Fredwreck Meech Wells The Alchemist Hi-Tek and DJ Slip. It peaked at number 8 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 19 on the Billboard 200.
 The Best of Muddy Waters is a 1958 greatest hits album by Muddy Waters released by Chess Records in April 1958. With gaining popularity for 33 & 1/3 rpms (commonly called LPs) Chess Records started releasing its first LPs in 1958. The Best of Muddy Waters (released sometime in April 1958 according to Billboard magazine) was the third LP that Chess released. The album was re-released in CD format in 1997 by Chess and MCA Records.
 Dead Soul Men is the fourth full length studio album CD by the metal band Freak Kitchen.This album features Christian's vocals on I Refuse and Joakim's vocals on Slap Me In The Face (his lead vocal debut). This was Christian's and Joakim's last album with the band; they left shortly after the recordings. Their replacements - Christer Örtefors and Björn Fryklund - are both currently in the band.
 Eternal is a fourth studio album by Florida death metal band Malevolent Creation. It was released on May 23 1995 via Pavement Music.It is the first album without Brett Hoffmann.
 The Best of CeCe Peniston is the first greatest hits album by American recording artist CeCe Peniston released on March 2 1998 by A&M Records in the overseas. It contains thirteen versions of her hit singles from 1991 to 1997. As the compilation was the singer's closing release under her contract with A&M it didn't feature any new material.
 Vaultage 78 is a compilation album which includes songs from punk bands from Brighton. It was released in 1978 by Attrix Records costing £950 to press 1000 records. They were sold for £2 in the Brighton area and were distributed by Rough Trade Virgin and Rodent Records. Profits from the album were split between the bands involved the Brighton And Hove Community Resource Centre and Attrix Records.
 Witch Queen is mini album/EP by the British goth rock band Inkubus Sukkubus released in November 2005 as a limited edition and made re-available in 2007.
 Cave Rave is the second studio album by English/Spanish electronic music band Crystal Fighters released on 24 May 2013 on their label Zirkulo. The album consists of a mix of genres from Basque folk to straight electronic and dubstep. It was preceded by the official release of the single You & I as well as the airing and/or online streaming of the first four tracks
 L.S.D.E.P. is an EP released by Days Away. All six of the tracks on this album would later be released on their debut full-length Mapping an Invisible World.
 Black and White in a Grey World is the title of the third album by Leslie Phillips released in 1985 on Myrrh Records.
 The Ten Masked Men Strike Back is the second album by British death metal cover band Ten Masked Men released in 1999. The title is a reference to Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back.
 Mägo de Oz (La Bruja) is an album by folk metal artists Mägo de Oz which was released in 1997.It includes five tracks from the original release redone with the current band members. The title is not actually La Bruja - it is self-titled - but that is the name it acquired due to the witch (bruja in Spanish) on the cover. The album is currently labelled La Bruja on the band's official website.
 Last Embrace is an EP album by the group Northern Room released on February 28 2006. All vocals are sung by Andrew Jonathan.
 Where Were You Last Night is a 1989 album released by Swedish pop artist Ankie Bagger. Released in 1989 through Sonet RecordsPeople Say It's in the Air Where Were You Last Night the Kiss cover I Was Made for Lovin' You and Love Really Hurts Without You were released as singles. Where Were You Last Night has been covered several times most notably by the Finnish metal band Nightwish.
 Laughing and Crying Living and Dying is a country album by Billy Crash Craddock. It was released in 1979 on the Capitol label.
 Power of Love is the seventh studio album (eighth overall) by American R&B/soul singer Luther Vandross released in April 1991 (see 1991 in music). The following year the album earned Vandross two American Music Awards for Favorite Soul/R&B Male Artist and Favorite Soul/R&B Album and one Grammy Award for Best R&B Vocal Performance Male and the track Power of Love/Love Power won in the Best R&B Song category.
 Prima Iubire is an album by the Romanian band Andre released in 2000.
 Dedication is an album by the Bay City Rollers issued in fall 1976. It was the band's fourth original studio album and the first new album to be released in the wake of their enormous worldwide success of early 1976.Founding group member Alan Longmuir had been replaced by Ian Mitchell prior to the recording sessions. Upon the switch Mitchell was slotted as rhythm guitarist; Stuart Wood moved from rhythm guitar to bass. Mitchell also provided the lead vocal for the title track.
 A Double Dose is a compilation album released by the American hard rock band Great White in 2004. The album combines the band's two cover albums; Recover and Great Zeppelin: A Tribute to Led Zeppelin.
 Busca una mujer or commonly known as Un Hombre Busca Una Mujer is an album by superstar Luis Miguel. It was produced by Juan Carlos Calderón and released on November 25 1988 as the second album released with Warner Music. The first single (and most successful) was La Incondicional which spent seven months on the top ten of many charts in Latin America.
 Plush Funk is the second installment of the George Clinton Family Series collection. The album was released in 1992 by P-Vine Records in Japan and then was released the next year by AEM Records in the U.S. and Sequel Records in the U.K..
 Now Dig This was the third album by the power pop trio The Elvis Brothers. The album was released in 1992 by Recession Records. It was produced by Rob Elvis.
 O' God the Aftermath is the second album released by American metalcore band Norma Jean and was released on March 1 2005. Like their previous album Bless the Martyr and Kiss the Child O God the Aftermath was released on Solid State Records. This is the first album with vocalist Cory Brandan Putman.
 Hawks & Doves is the tenth studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young. Its two sides were recorded in different circumstances side one being culled from sessions dating from approximately 1974 through 1977 and side two from sessions specifically for the album in early 1980. The record peaked at #30 on the Billboard Top Pop Albums chart in December 1980 in the US.
 Fighting for Voltage is the debut full length album by Canadian Cyberpunk/Industrial metal band Left Spine Down. The album was released on April 22 2008 via Synthetic Sounds in Canada and on September 23 2008 in the USA via Bit Riot Records.
 Welcome to Strangeland is the twelfth studio album and the fourth in the Collabos series by rapper Tech N9ne. It was released on November 8 2011 the rapper's 40th birthday.
 Phoenix is Xymox's fourth full-length album released in 1991 on Wing Records (PolyGram) and produced by Peter Walsh (acclaimed producer of Simple Minds's New Gold Dream album).The album charted in the United States at No. 163 on Billboard 200.The single Phoenix of my Heart peaked at No. 16 on Billboard's Dance Music/Club Play Singles (also known as Hot Dance Club Songs Chart) as well as reaching No. 16 on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks. The single reached No.
 Iankaikkinen (transl. Eternal) is the eighth studio album by the band Kotiteollisuus.
 Made In Nepal (1990) was Da Nepsydaz's second studio album.The cover song Chudaina which was a remix of the song of a popular band 1974 AD was a hit. Another song titled Maya also found a lot of success in the music industry and this song won the title of 'Best vocal performance by a group or a duo' at the Tuborg Image Awards 2006.
 Zoon Nefilim's only studio album was released in April 1996 by Beggars Banquet Records (Calatogue number BEGA172). The album saw a move away from the rich soundscapes that characterised earlier works from Fields of the Nephilim towards a darker more industrial/death metal sound. McCoy has stated that the album was in development hell for several years due to restrictions from the record label.
 120 Tage - The Fine Art of Beauty and Violence is an electro-industrial studio collaboration between German musicians Mona Mur and En Esch (of KMFDM Pigface and Slick Idiot). It was released on February 15 2009 on Pale Music International. The English translation of the album's title is 120 Days.
 The Great Divide is the sixth full length album by The Generators. Released in 2007 by People Like You in Europe & Japan. Recorded throughout June-December 2006 at The Mouse House in Altadena Ca. by Rich Mouser. The Point of No Return was released as the only single and video from the album.
 Complete Demos is the compendium of Tally Hall's first two EP disks Welcome to Tally Hall and Party Boobytrap both of which were recorded in Joe Hawley's attic. Good Day won Andrew Horowitz $10000 in the 2004 BMI Foundation's John Lennon Scholarship Competition. Just Apathy was named the Grand Prize Winners for Session II of the 2005 John Lennon Songwriting Contest in the pop music category.
 LP III is the third album by the Minneapolis punk rock band The Soviettes. It was released on CD and LP on June 25 2005 to mixed critical reviews.
 La Voz de un Ángel(Voice of An Angel) is Yuridia's debut album. La Voz de un Ángel was released in 2005 after the finale of La Academia the Mexican reality show that the artist participated in. The album contains 15 songs interpreted by Yuridia during the series of concerts in the show in which she was voted second place. The album has had the highest sales for a Mexican album in many years.[citation needed]
 Silver is the 62nd album by American country singer Johnny Cash released on Columbia Records in 1979. It peaked at #28 on the albums chart. (Ghost) Riders In The Sky peaked at #2 on the singles chart; the two other singles Bull Rider and I'll Say It's True reached #66 and #42 respectively. Other highlights include The L & N Don't Stop Here Anymore and I'm Gonna Sit on the Porch and Pick on My Guitar.
 The Folk Implosion is an EP by The Folk Implosion. It was released in 1994 on Communion.
 Sugar Loaf Express is a direct to disc studio album by Lee Ritenour released in 1977.
 Grand Hustle Presents: In da Streetz Volume 4 is a compilation album by American hip hop record label Grand Hustle founded by rapper T.I.. The album was released on December 19 2006 under Grand Hustle and Atlantic Records.The album features contributions from several Grand Hustle recording artists including T.I. Big Kuntry King P$C Young Dro Governor Rashad Morgan Xtaci and Alfamega along with guest appearances from southern rappers B.G. Young Jeezy and Yung Joc.
 Rock Stock & Too Smoking the pillows is a 20th anniversary collection released by The Pillows on June 3 2009.
 Hearts and Bones is the sixth solo album by Paul Simon. It was released in 1983.The album was originally intended to be called Think Too Much however Mo Ostin president of Warner Bros. Records persuaded Simon to change it to Hearts and Bones. The album was written and recorded following the Simon and Garfunkel Concert in Central Park in 1981 and the world tour of 1982 - 1983.
 We Got the Rhythm (TSOP Records 1976) U.S. #174 U.S. Black Albums #38
 The Lexicon of Love is the debut album by British pop band ABC released in 1982. It is not a concept album but features repeated themes in which the singer experiences heartache as he tries and fails to have a meaningful relationship.It was produced by Trevor Horn engineered by Gary Langan and featured orchestration by Anne Dudley and Fairlight CMI programming by JJ Jeczalik; Horn Langan Dudley and Jeczalik would later form the Art of Noise.
 Count The Cost was David Meece's sixth album.
 Worship with Natalie Grant is an album released by contemporary Christian artist Natalie Grant in 2004. The album features recordings by various artists including Natalie herself.
 Epic Garden Music is the debut studio album by English post-punk band Sad Lovers and Giants. It was released in 1982 through record label Midnight Music.
 Studio X Sessions EP (2004) is an EP by Death Cab for Cutie. It was released exclusively on Apple's iTunes Music Store website.
 Keys to Ascension is a double album by the British progressive rock group Yes and was released in 1996. It is the band's fourth live album and fifteenth studio album. The previous time Jon Anderson Chris Squire Steve Howe Rick Wakeman and Alan White had worked together on an officially released studio recording was 1978's Tormato.
 Greatest Hits is a double disc greatest hits album for late rapper 2Pac released by Amaru/Death Row/Jive/Interscope Records in 1998.
 Bluebell Morning is an EP by Ooberman released in May 2002 on the band's own Rotodisc label. The title track and SnakeDance were reworked and featured on the band's 2003 album Hey Petrunko.
 Rainbow 7 (レインボー7) is the seventh album by the J-pop idol group Morning Musume. It is the first album to feature 7th generation member Koharu Kusumi and was released on February 15 2006.
 Burning Bridges is the third album by the Swedish band Arch Enemy. This is the first Arch Enemy album to feature Sharlee D'Angelo on bass.The music here shifted towards a more polished thrash-influenced melodic death metal sound.A music video was released for The Immortal.It is the last studio recording to feature vocalist Johan Liiva. The album was reissued on May 25 2009. Featuring original vocalist Johan Liiva the reissue has a new layout remastered sound packaging & bonus tracks.
 The Hunter is the first EP (and follow up to the 2010 solo album The Boxer) by Kele Okereke (under the professional name Kele) lead singer and rhythm guitarist of the British rock band Bloc Party. It was released on 7 November 2011 by Wichita Recordings in the UK set back a week from the original release date and 3 days earlier on 4 November 2011 by Wichita Recordings and Liberator Music in Australia.
 Springfield is a 1996 album by Carole Fredericks. It features a cover of Edwin Hawkins’ Oh Happy Day the traditional Silent Night You Had It Comin’ a duet with her brother blues musician Taj Mahal and the pop single Run Away Love which was the theme song to the 1998 Jean-Paul Belmondo film Une Chance Sur Deux.The album was recorded in English and released in France Belgium and Switzerland. The album was released in the United States in 2002.
 The Funeral Album is the farewell album by Finnish heavy metal band Sentenced. It was released on May 31 2005. During that year it was certificated as Gold.
 Only Death Can Kill You is the first collaborative album by American rapper Awol One and Canadian producer Factor. It was released on Cornerstone R.A.S. in 2007.
 Wild Arms: Advanced 3rd Original Soundtrack is the complete soundtrack to Media.Vision's 2002 RPG Wild Arms 3. It marks the first time a Wild Arms soundtrack has been released completely rather than half of the soundtrack being on one disc or songs being less than one minute.
 Let the Heartaches Begin is an album by Long John Baldry released in 1968.
 Jazz Guitarist is a solo studio album by jazz guitarist Ted Dunbar recorded in 1982 for Xanadu Records.
 Merry Christmas II You is the second Christmas album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. The album was released on November 1 2010 andco features four original songs covers and medleys of several traditional Christmas songs and a re-recorded version of her 1994 Christmas hit All I Want for Christmas Is You.It was re-released on 14 January 2011 as Merry Christmas 2 U.
 Once I Was is a compilation album by Tim Buckley. The album features the Peel sessions from April 2 1968 two tracks Honeyman and Dolphins from a BBC broadcast of The Old Grey Whistle Test on May 21 1974 and finally I Don't Need It to Rain taken from the October 12 1968 live show in Copenhagen. This collection features the same tracklisting as the Morning Glory compilation with the sole difference being the inclusion I Don't Need It to Rain.
 Sister is the fourth and final album by the band Letters to Cleo. It was released on November 3 1998. The album's last track is a cover of Fleetwood Mac's Dreams. Although it was the final Letters To Cleo album to be released through a major label the material on the album pre-dates all their other work; tracks 1-7 are originally from their demo tape and tracks 8-11 were originally released as b-sides to the group's singles.
 Table for One is the debut solo album by British singer-songwriter Darren Hayman. It was released by The Track & Field Organisation in 2006.
 Victorian America is the second album by Emily Jane White released on October 9 2009 in France by Talitres Records and on April 27 2010 in the U.S. by Milan Records.
 Sparkle is the self-titled debut album by R&B singer Sparkle. It was released on May 20 1998 through Interscope Records and was entirely produced by her mentor R. Kelly. The album was a success in large part to the Sparkle-R. Kelly duet Be Careful which peaked at 3 on the Rhythmic Top 40 and 1 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay.
 Posthaste is the second studio album by the band OHMphrey released on April 10th 2012 through Magna Carta Records. It features two additional live tracks that were recorded at Winston's in San Diego California from a concert in 2009.
 The Pilgrim and the Stars is an album by Italian jazz trumpeter and composer Enrico Rava recorded in 1975 and released on the ECM label.
 The Adversary is the first album by Australian deathcore band Thy Art Is Murder. The album was released on July 16 2010 through Skull And Bone Records. It is the first release to feature vocalist Chris CJ McMahon and last release to feature guitarist Gary Markowski and bassist Mick Low. Guitarist Sean Delander will replace Mick Low on bass and Andy Marsh and Tom Brown joined as the new guitarists on the album Hate.
 The Incredible Shrinking Dickies was the 1979 first album by the California punk band The Dickies. The album included the group's notable cover of Black Sabbath's Paranoid which reached No. 45 in the UK charts in July 1979. It was pressed on at least four different colors of vinyl (blue yellow orange clear) and was produced by John Hewlett who in the late 1960s was a member of the UK garagepunk quartet John's Children which for a short while included Marc Bolan as guitarist.
 La Introduccion is Carlos & Alejandra's debut album. Previous efforts by the group were spread through the Internet.
 Silent Feet is an album by German double bassist and composer Eberhard Weber recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label.
 For the Ultravox album see Lament (Ultravox album).Lament is the twelfth and last studio album of original material from American Christian rock band Resurrection Band released in 1995. The band also reverted to their original moniker with this album.
 Stam1na is the self-titled debut album by Finnish thrash metal band Stam1na. It was released on March 2 2005 and reached #13 on the official Finnish album charts.
 2 Future 4 U is Armand Van Helden's 3rd studio album. It was released in 1998 and includes the singles 'U Don't Know Me' and 'Flowerz'.
 One Love is the fourth studio album by French DJ David Guetta first released in the United Kingdom on 24 August 2009 through Virgin Records. Guetta's first major international release the album received generally favourable reviews from music critics and was a commercial success selling over 3 million copies globally.
 A World on End is an EP by the Pennsylvania rock band Katsu and the final studio recording by the band. The EP is a compilation of songs from the band's earlier studio recordings with the addition of the new song Please Don't Start.
 Lost & Found is the second full-length album by Ian Van Dahl released on July 27 2004. The album peaked at #13 on the U.S. Top Electronic Albums chart. The album includes the hit singles Where Are You Now? Inspiration Believe and the UK top 20 hit I Can't Let You Go. Due to the latter two singles charting fairly low in the UK the album was not released there.
 Riding High is the first album by the Chicago Illinois funk band Faze-O. Released in 1977 on Atlantic Records subsidiary label She Records it was produced by the Ohio Players. They would chart in 1978 with the top ten R&B single Riding High. Riding High went on to be an often sampled song for many hip hop and R&B acts from the late 1980s onwards.
 Gusttavo Lima e você or E você is the third album of Brazilian sertanejo singer Gusttavo Lima and his second live album after Inventor dos amores. It was released in Brazil in 2011 and in Europe and North America in 2012. The songs were recorded during a live concert on 3 June 2011 and in front of an audience of 60000 during the festival Festa Nacional do Milho. at the Exhibition Park of the Brazilian city Patos de Minas Lima's hometown in Minas Gerais state Brazil.
 Tuloy ang Ligaya is the 6</sup>th</sup> studio album of the Filipino rock band Rivermaya. It was released in 2001 under Viva Records.This album features guitarists Mike Elgar and Kakoi Legaspi as well as bassist Japs Sergio. The three were recruited after original bassist Nathan Azarcon left the group. This new line-up allowed Rico Blanco to handle vocal duties full-time during live shows.
 Voices Of Transgression – A 90s Retrospective is a compilation album by German thrash metal band Kreator. It was released in 1999 by G.U.N. Records. This best of collection compiled by Mille Petrozza includes only songs from the band's albums recorded in the 90's and features three previously unreleased songs: Inferno As We Watch the West and Lucretia (My Reflection) which was originally written and performed by The Sisters of Mercy.
 Mechanical Wonder is the fifth album by Ocean Colour Scene. It peaked on the UK album chart at #7 and lasted four weeks in the top 75. To date it is the last Ocean Colour Scene release to enter the top 10.The title is believed to be anti-dance music as are the lyrics; the Mechanical Wonder is... ...just a noise in my room.[citation needed] However the band deny this.
 Black Dog Barking is the third studio album by the Australian hard rock band Airbourne and the follow-up to their 2010 album No Guts. No Glory.. The album was released in Europe and Australia on 20 May 2013 and worldwide on 21 May 2013.
 Hammerheart is the fifth studio album by Swedish extreme metal band Bathory. It continued the previous album Blood Fire Death's transition away from black metal to what became recognized as Viking metal and is considered a cornerstone work of the genre.
 The Grateful Dead is the debut album of the Grateful Dead. It was recorded by Warner Bros. Records and was released in March 1967. According to bassist Phil Lesh in his autobiography Searching for the Sound: My Life with the Grateful Dead the album was released as San Francisco's Grateful Dead.
 Harder ... Faster is the eighth studio album by Canadian rock band April Wine released in 1979 (See 1979 in music). This album is RIAA certified gold in the US.I Like to Rock was a huge hit for the band. 21st Century Schizoid Man is a cover of the King Crimson classic which appeared on that band's 1969 debut In the Court of the Crimson King.
 A Tribute to John Fahey is a tribute album to guitarist John Fahey released in 1979. It is noteworthy in that unlike subsequent Fahey tribute albums it was recorded during his lifetime.All the performers were then on Kicking Mule Records a label co-founded by ED Denson former Takoma Records co-founder and friend of Fahey.
 Week End Tour was the name given to French pop singer Lorie's second concert tour inspired by her hit single Week End. On 4 October 2004 a live recording of the show was released in two versions as with the famous singer's previous live effort Live Tour: a regular jewel case release containing the CD and a DVD and a limited edition cardboard box also containing a poster and a watch featuring the blonde songstress during her performances.
 Volumizer is 2 Skinnee J's second major-label album. It was originally completed and set to be released on September 12 2000 through Capricorn Records. However once Capricorn was absorbed by Volcano Records Volumizer was shelved.
 Classic is the ninth studio album by Canadian country music artist Terri Clark. It was released on November 13 2012 via BareTrack Records/EMI Canada. The album features duets with Reba McEntire Jann Arden Dierks Bentley Tanya Tucker and Dean Brody.
 Here Comes the Judge is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1964 and released on the Columbia label.
 Coquillage: The Best Collection II (stylised as Coquillage～The Best Collection II～) is Kokia's second greatest hits album released on December 2 2009.
 Not Richard But Dick is the seventh studio album by The Dead Milkmen released in 1993 by Hollywood Records. After being out of print for years Hollywood Records decided to release the album for digital download as of April 2 2013.
 Firedemon is the second full length album by the death metal band Carnal Forge. It was released in 2000.
 On the Road is the eighth album released by American comedian George Carlin. It was recorded on October 3 1976 at the Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles California and released in April 1977.
 Habítame Siempre (English: Live in me always) is the eleventh studio album by Mexican recording artist Thalía released on November 19 2012 by Sony Music Latin.
 Anjunabeats Volume Three is the third album in the Anjunabeats Volume compilation series mixed and compiled by British Trance DJ's Above & Beyond released on 13 June 2005.
 Season of the Assassin is the debut solo album by the rapper Vinnie Paz. It was originally called 'Assassin's Creed'. Its official release date was June 22 2010.
 Dog & Butterfly is the fourth studio album by American rock band Heart. It was released on October 7 1978 through Portrait Records. Heart rebounded from their legal dispute with Mushroom Records over the release of the platinum-selling Magazine in April 1978 as Dog & Butterfly was certified double platinum spent 36 weeks on the charts and peaked at #17 on the US Billboard 200.
 Here Today is a bluegrass album by five American musicians David Grisman Emory Gordy Jr. Herb Pedersen Jim Buchanan and Vince Gill released in 1983 on Rounder Records. This was the only album this group recorded and each continued separate careers in bluegrass newgrass and country music.
 The Ultimate Collection (stylized as the ultimate collection) is the first compilation album by Japanese singer-songwriter Chihiro Onitsuka released in 2004. It came out months after the artist terminated the contracts with record label and management office.All the 15 tracks on the album was digitally remastered by Ted Jensen. Selection of the songs was supervised by Takefumi Haketa Onitsuka's previous musical collaborator who produced all her materials released under EMI.
 Världens bästa lotta was released on March 22 2006 and is an album from the Swedish dansband and pop singer Lotta Engberg. It is a double CD collection of some of her hits throughout the years. Some of the songs on the record are performed by her as a solo artist others together with the bands Lotta & Anders Engbergs Orkester and Lotta Engbergs.The album peaked at #17 at the Swedish album chart.
 More Beautiful Than Silence is an EP by Canadian rapper K'naan released on January 31 2012.
 Rainer Maria is the first CD release by indie rock band Rainer Maria. It was followed by the full-length album Past Worn Searching. Summer & Longer I Love You Too Rain Your Hand Portland Ian Made in Secret
 Increased Damnation is a compilation album by the Norwegian black metal band Aura Noir. It includes their first mini-album Dreams Like Deserts (tracks 9 to 14). Released Damnation and Broth of Oblivion also appear on Deep Tracts of Hell but are different recordings than on the album. The tracks 5 to 8 are songs from Black Thrash Attack played live. Tower of Limbs and Fever is the first song by Aura Noir ever recorded.
 Space Metalizer is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow.A short version of Efface originally appeared on a split 7 with Xome. The unprocessed artwork was later used for Microkosmos Volume 1. Outtakes from this album are included on Merzmorphosis.
 The album Songs of Betrayal by Human Drama was released by Projekt Records in 1995.
 Love It to Deathpunk is a best-of compilation album by the Norwegian band Turbonegro released in 2001 only in Australia. It features 17 songs selected from Turbonegro's first four studio albums and the Darkness Forever! live record. The album was released on Compact Disc and a limited 2000 copies were pressed.The title is a reference to the Alice Cooper album Love It to Death.
 Drops of Jupiter is Train's second album released in 2001. The album's title is derived from Drops of Jupiter (Tell Me) its first single which was a hit internationally and won the Grammy Award for Best Rock Song.The album contains elements of rock country and indie rock.
 Revolution Summer is a soundtrack album by Jonathan Richman released by the Vapor Records label in 2007. The music was composed for the film Revolution Summer directed by Miles Matthew Montalbano. The album is Richman's first soundtrack album although he did contribute three songs to There's Something About Mary as well as appearing in the film along with drummer Tommy Larkins who also plays on this release. It is entirely instrumental another first for Richman.
 Papillon is the first studio album from Japanese singer Hitomi Shimatani. It was released on June 27 2001 and hit #7 on the Oricon charts. Since then it was last recorded as having sold around 147030 copies.The title track is a Japanese-language cover of Doesn't Really Matter a hit single by American singer Janet Jackson.
 Big Sexy Land is a studio album by Revolting Cocks released in 1986. Big Sexy Land is the band's first major release. At that time Revolting Cocks were Luc Van Acker Richard 23 and Alain Jourgensen. The track '38' references the Heysel Stadium disaster on the 29th of May 1985.
 Deaths and Entrances is the second studio album by Scottish indie rock band My Latest Novel released on May 18 2009 on Bella Union. The album is named after a Dylan Thomas poem of the same name. Regarding the album's title the band state:
 Jonas Sees in Color is the debut album by American rock band Jonas Sees in Color released on September 29 2009 by Glassnote Records. It was produced by Aaron Johnson at Candyland Studios in Denver Colorado the same studio used by The Fray to record both of their albums. The record was engineered by Warren Huart.
 All for Love is third studio album from Grammy-nominated R&B/Pop quintet New Edition released by MCA Records on November 8 1985. This would be group member's Bobby Brown last album with the group until their 1996 comeback album Home Again.
 Enciende Una Luz is the sixteenth album released by Christian singer Marcos Witt.
 Castor the Twin is the second studio album by Dessa a member of Minneapolis indie hip hop collective Doomtree. It was released on Doomtree in 2011.The album features new arrangements of her previously released songs. The original production has been replaced with live instrumentation on piano vibraphone mandolin viola double bass and timpani.The final track The Beekeeper is an advance single from Dessa’s 2013 album Parts of Speech.
 Ride Again is a live album by The Purple Helmets released on the New Rose label as Rose 160 CD.
 Three-Chord Monte is an EP by Pegboy released in 1990 through Quarterstick Records.
 Worry Bomb is an album by Carter The Unstoppable Sex Machine it was released in 1995 and reached #9 in the UK charts. It included a limited edition CD of the live show Doma Sportova...Live At Zagreb recorded on May 20 1994.
 Essentials & Rarities (previously announced as Memories & Rarities) is a compilation album by Jean Michel Jarre released in 2011. The double CD set consists of two distinctive CDs: Essentials which is a compilation of Jarre's most famous work and Rarities which compiles tracks made before his ground-breaking album Oxygène.Most of the tracks on Rarities had never been officially released on CD (apart from tracks from Les Granges Brûlées).
 39/Smooth is the debut studio album by the American punk rock band Green Day. It was released on April 13 (Good Friday) 1990 through Lookout! Records on vinyl (black green and clear) and cassette. This is the band's only studio album to feature John Kiffmeyer on drums.Jesse Michaels of Operation Ivy contributed the artwork on the album. The inner sleeve shows handwritten lyrics by Billie Joe Armstrong and letters by drummer John Kiffmeyer and Lookout! owner Larry Livermore to I.R.S.
 Intuit is Kurt Rosenwinkel's second album as a band leader.
 In Dis Life is the final album of original music by Native Hawaiian singer Israel Iz Kamakawiwo'ole before his death. Released in 1996 it is his most critically acclaimed album although it's not his most popular.[citation needed] It shows a slight change to Iz's musical style being more dark and more of an alternative music-styled album (although it is not rock). There are several strangely upbeat songs with sad lyrics such as tracks 4 5 and 8 but the majority of them are melancholy.
 Kenza (Arabic: كنزة‎) is a 1999 studio album by Khaled.The album was named after Khaled's second daughter Kenza. Kenza is Arabic for treasure.Kenza has attained gold certification by Syndicat National de l'Edition Phonographique.The album was re-released by Ark 21 and Wrasse Records.
 Coba Coba Remixed is the first remix album of Novalima's original album Coba Coba both under the U.S. independent record label Cumbancha. It was released on June 16 2009 and features electronic-influenced remixes of songs from Coba Coba.
 Safe at Home was the 1968 album by The International Submarine Band led by the 21-year-old Gram Parsons. Featuring four of Parsons' originals surrounded by six covers of classic country and rock and roll music it helped to forge the country rock movement of the late 1960s and early 1970s.Recording began in July 1967 for Lee Hazlewood's LHI Records with the actual group consisting solely of Parsons and lead guitarist John Nuese.
 The Peel Sessions are a series of EPs by different bands that appeared on the John Peel Show at BBC Radio One. Carcass's session was recorded on 13 December 1988 and first broadcast on 2 January 1989. It was released on 2 December 1989.
 A Glint at the Kindling is a folk album released in 1979 by Robin Williamson and his Merry Band.The 2005 CD re-release by Gott Discs includes 5 bonus poetry tracks: Five Bardic Mysteries.
 We Are Smug is a collaborative studio album recorded by Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes and producer and songwriter Robert Conley under the pseudonym We Are Smug. Originally intended as an anonymous secret side project for Hayes to experiment with new sounds the album was given away for free for a limited period via digital download as a gift to fans on Hayes' birthday on 8 May 2009 but all free links have since been removed.
 Guitar Man is a studio album by George Benson. The album was released by Concord Jazz on October 4 2011. Largely instrumental it finds Benson revisiting his Sixties/early-Seventies guitar-playing roots with a 12-song collection of covers of both jazz and pop standards overseen by producer John Burk.
 Impurity is the second studio album by the German death metal band Fleshcrawl.
 The Rising Tide of Oblivion was the first full length album released by Neaera. It was released on March 21 2005 by Metal Blade Records.
 The Lost Tapes is a two disc compilation album by the San Francisco psychedelic-acid rock band Big Brother and the Holding Company with Janis Joplin as their lead singer. The material featured here contains twelve previously unreleased Big Brother tracks from 1966 when Joplin first joined Big Brother up until before she left.The second disc was originally released as a live album in 1966 entitled Live In San Francisco.
 Pin Me Down is the first studio album by British-American duo Pin Me Down.
 Strictly Elvis is an extended play (EP) by Elvis Presley released in January 1957. It peaked at number one in the number-one EPs chart in the United Kingdom and was five weeks in the number-one until it was superseded by Expresso Bongo which became number-one in April 23 1960.
 Mysterious Power is the follow up to 2008's critically acclaimed Inside the Human Body by Ezra Furman and the Harpoons. It was released on April 5 2011. The album has been met with critical acclaim with the Chicago Sun Times calling it a joyous racket a splintered confessional an anxious thrill ride with the top down next to a fidgety poet who's crazy in love. After appearing at South by Southwest in March the band launched a U.S. headlining tour in support of the album.
 Take the Message Everywhere is the debut album release for Jesus music/gospel music performers Andraé Crouch and the Disciples.
 Pickin' on Modest Mouse is a bluegrass tribute album to Modest Mouse by Iron Horse; a part of the Pickin' On… series.
 Artist Collection: Luther Vandross is a compilation album by American R&B/soul singer Luther Vandross released in 2004 (see 2004 in music) as part of BMG International's Artist Collection series consisting of songs from Vandross' previous efforts Luther Vandross (2001) Dance with My Father (2003) and Live Radio City Music Hall 2003 (2003) plus a brand-new remix.
 The Spirit of Christmas 2009 is part of the Spirit of Christmas album series.
 This article describes the 40th album in the New Zealand Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 40 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music 40 or Now 40 released on 2 November 2012. The album is the 40th edition of the (New Zealand) Now! series. The album is a two-disc set with disc two featuring the best tracks of 2012.
 Tango and Thrash is a Split EP by American thrashcore bands Municipal Waste and Bad Acid Trip released under Amendment Records. Tracks 1-5 by Municipal Waste. Tracks 6-9 by Bad Acid Trip.The album cover features Snake Plissken from Escape from New York.
 Typseis (Greek: Τύψεις; English: Guilty) is the 31st studio album by Greek singer Yannis Parios. It was released in Greece in 1997 by Minos EMI. It reached 2× platinum status. This is the first collaboration of Yannis Parios with songwriter Phoebus.
 Released in 2003 Fartaqi is the third album by Ahmed Bukhatir.
 Over the James is the fourth studio album by Avail. It was released in 1998 on Lookout! Records. It was re-released in 2006 by Jade Tree Records. The re-release contains the songs from Avail's split record with the (Young) Pioneers as well as two tracks recorded for compilations.
 Last Train to Trancentral is a digital EP by Blue Man Group released on October 31 2006 through the iTunes Store. The EP features a cover of the KLF song Last Train to Trancentral which is played during the paper finale at Blue Man Group's theatrical shows (except in London and Berlin where a remixed cover version of I Feel Love is played). The other tracks include one live song originally from the album Audio (PVC IV) and two previously unreleased tracks.
 Ocean Eyes is the second studio album by American electronica project Owl City. It was released on iTunes on July 14 2009 in stores on September 1 2009 (with a photograph of the Burj Al Arab as its album artwork). A vinyl edition was also released. A deluxe edition was released on January 26 2010 featuring four new tracks including a remix of Hello Seattle.
 Chaos of Forms is the third studio album by an American technical death metal band Revocation released on August 16 2011 by Relapse Records. The song Cradle Robber was released and streamed on their Facebook page in May 10 2011.
 Videodrome is the official soundtrack album of the 1983 Canadian science fiction horror film Videodrome. While the film's score was composed by Howard Shore a close friend of the Director David Cronenberg the album was remixed for individual release by the record label Varèse Sarabande.
 Kraken III is the name of the third studio album Colombian group Kraken It was released on January 3 1990 by Sonolux. The first single from the album was Rostros Ocultos. The second single was Lágrimas de Fuego.
 Me Against the World is the seventh installment in The Emo Diaries series of compilation albums released March 5 2002 by Deep Elm Records. As with all installments in the series the label had an open submissions policy for bands to submit material for the compilation and as a result the music does not all fit within the emo style.
 Almost and Always is the fifth full-length album by singer/songwriter David Mead.Many of the tracks saw their live debut at The Basement in Nashville TN on July 30 2008.
 Aether is the eighth album by Australian improvised music trio The Necks first released on the Fish of Milk label in 2001 and later on the ReR label internationally. The album features a single hour-long track titled Aether performed by Chris Abrahams Lloyd Swanton and Tony Buck. Allmusic review calls it their most mature captivating album. Strongly recommended..
 Neverland is the second studio album by South Korean boy band U-KISS released on September 1 2011. It is the first full-length album to feature new members Hoon and AJ. The album's first buzz single Someday was released digitally August 26 2011. The first official single off the album Neverland was released on September 1 2011 on M-Net along with the rest of the album.
 Waitin' on the Wonderful is the third studio album by Canadian country music singer Aaron Lines. The album was nominated for Country Recording of the Year at the 2006 Juno Awards. Lights of My Hometown one of the singles released from the CD was the most played song on Canadian country radio in 2006.[1] The title track was also a Top 40 country hit in the U.S. although the album was not released in the U.S.
 Section 2 is the second album by The Howling Hex. It was released as an LP by Drag City in 2004.
 Live Over Europe! is the second album live by the hard rock band Bonfire. It was released in 2002 by LZ Records. It is a live concert recording made in England from the Golden Bullets Tour of 2002. By this time Chris Lausmann was no longer a part of the band but is credited for performing with them as well as Are Haug for more guitar parts on stage.
 American Hardcore is the only L.A. Guns album to feature singer Chris Van Dahl and the first to feature bass guitarist Johnny Crypt. This album continues the increase in heaviness by the band started on their previous album Vicious Circle.The band re-branded themselves THE L.A. GUNS at the time of the release of American Hardcore adding the THE before its name.According to Steve Riley this was done to note the change in direction from the band's classic Phil Lewis line-up.
 010 is the debut album from ulysses. The album was recorded using one microphone and released in monaural audio (instead of the standard stereo sound that most modern albums take advantage of). This is because the songs on the album were originally intended to be demos but the band were so satisfied with the performances that only a few overdubs were added for the album release.
 First Demo Tape is an archival release of recordings by the American hardcore punk band Minor Threat. It was released on CD and 7-inch vinyl in 2003 through Dischord Records. The album comprises previously unreleased demo versions of material which appears on the band's subsequent recordings.
 Rehab first official album with Average Joe’s Entertainment’s AVJ Records.
 Evidence is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in Canadea and released on the Canadian Dark Light Music label.
 Minazo Volume Two is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It is dedicated to Minazo who was the only male southern elephant seal in Japan. It follows Minazo Vol. 1 released on CD.
 My Friend is the fifth Korean studio album by SG Wannabe. As of April 23 2008 SG Wannabe's fifth album had 85000 pre-orders and counting. The album was slated to be released on April 24 with fourteen new tracks including a Japanese version of I Miss You (보고싶어).SG Wannabe's new member Lee Seok Hun also made his debut performance on April 24 on Mnet's M!CountDown singing the first track Lalala on the new album.
 Joyride is a 1965 studio album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine. This is also Turrentine's thirteenth album overall.
 Embyra is the second studio album by American recording artist Maxwell released on June 30 1998 by Columbia Records. As on his 1996 debut album Maxwell's Urban Hang Suite he collaborated with record producer and Sade collaborator Stuart Matthewman. A neo soul album Embrya features heavy basslines string arrangements and an emphasis on groove over melodies.
 Ronnie Drew is the debut album of Ronnie Drew released in 1975.Produced by John Curran this was Ronnie's first solo album made in 1975 after he first left The Dubliners. Many of the tracks he had previously recorded or would subsequently re-record with The Dubliners. The album contains his original recording of The Irish Rover which would later become a huge hit for The Dubliners when they recorded the song with The Pogues.
 Close Up is the second and final studio album by English punk band The Outsiders which would later evolve into The Sound. It was released in 1979 through record label Raw Edge.
 Weary and Wired is the second album by guitarist and singer-songwriter Marc Ford. The album was released on March 27 2007 on the Blues Bureau International label.
 Mob Squad is a split album by Dragon Ash Source and Mach25; released in 2003. It was released on the Mob Squad label formed between the three bands in 2003 as a sub-label under Victor Entertainment. Mach25 has since been replaced by Endive on the label.
 ...Go Down Swinging! is the second and final studio album by Boston rock band The Acro-Brats released on May 16 2006 under Susspool Records. Callout is featured as a bonus track in the video game Guitar Hero for the PlayStation 2.The song Laughtrack is a bonus song in the sequel game Guitar Hero II for PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360.The song Day Late Dollar Short is in the game Rock Band as a bonus track.
 This article describes the eighth album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 8 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 8 was released on November 20 2001. The album is the eighth edition of the Now! series in the U.S. It peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 and has been certified 3× Platinum by the RIAA.
 Whatever You Say Say Nothing is the fourth studio album from Deacon Blue. Changing from producer Jon Kelly to the team of Steve Osborne and Paul Oakenfold this album presented a change in musical style for Deacon Blue. While the band's songwriting remained based in rock and blues many of the tracks moved into alternative rock territory in their presentation.
 Visions of the Beast was released by Iron Maiden on 2 June 2003 and contains every promotional video through 2001's Rock in Rio. It is basically an updated version of The First Ten Years: The Videos and From There to Eternity. It also includes never-before-seen Camp Chaos animated versions of six definitive Iron Maiden songs interactive menus and discographies and some special hidden extras.
 Into Night's Requiem Infernal is the seventh studio album by the American band Novembers Doom. It was released on July 7 2009 through The End Records. The album was recorded at Belle City Sound studio in Racine Wisconsin with bassist Chris Djuricic producing and Dan Swanö mixing at Unisound in Örebro Sweden.
 INXS is Australian rock band INXS's first album. It was released on Deluxe Records in Australia on 13 October 1980. The band recorded the album in midnight to dawn sessions during 1979 to 1980 after performing on average two gigs a day at local pubs around Sydney.
 Tronika is a 2003 mini album by electronic band Sketch Show; it also features remixes by Cornelius. Two tracks Chronograph and the Cornelius remix of Ekot appeared in the album Loophole; Night Talker in a remixed form by Safety Scissors was also included in Loophole. Ekot and Chronograph (both original and remixed versions) were released on a 12 inch vinyl single.
 Hoyos en la Bolsa (Holes in the Pocket) (1996) is the thirteenth studio album by Mexican Rock Blues band El Tri.
 Mechanix is the tenth album by the British hard rock band UFO; it was released in 1982. The contemporary music-press adverts on the album's release carried the tag-line 'Mechanix: it will tighten your nuts'. Immediately after the completion of the tour in support of the album founding member and bassist Pete Way left the band to join former Motörhead guitarist Fast Eddie Clarke in Fastway.It was reissued in 1994 on Repertoire Records.
 Hard Line is a 1985 album by the American band The Blasters.
 Live at Great Woods is a concert video by the Allman Brothers Band. It was recorded on September 6 1991 at Great Woods Amphitheater in Mansfield Massachusetts. It was released on DVD by Legacy Recordings on February 18 2014.Live at Great Woods was originally produced for Japanese TV and was released on VHS and LaserDisc in 1992. Subsequently a version of the video was released on DVD but in a shortened form with interviews of the band members edited into the song performances.
 Reloaded is a remix album by Canadian singer-songwriter Alexz Johnson. The album was released on April 26 2011 with the first single Boogie Love (The Demolition Crew Remix) and video being released on January 11 2011. The second single from the album Look At Those Eyes (The Demolition Crew Remix) was released on March 29 2011. Trip Around The World (The Demolition Crew Remix) was released on March 1 2011 serving as promotional single only.
 FabricLive.47 is a 2009 album by Toddla T (Tom Bell). The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series. Bell described the album as sounding as Sheffield sonic stylee – as if a sweaty Sheffield basement was deported to Farringdon for the night.
 Live is a live album by Saint Vitus recorded on November 10 1989 at Germany's Circus Gammelsdorf. The album was released in 1990 on Hellhound Records. It was re-released by Southern Lord Records (SUNN43) in 2005. This was the final release to feature singer Scott Wino Weinrich until he rejoined Saint Vitus some years later performing on their 2012 album Lillie: F-65.
 The Gary McFarland Orchestra is an album by Gary McFarland's Orchestra with guest soloist jazz pianist Bill Evans recorded in 1963 for the Verve label.
 Secret Spheres of Art is the third studio album by Serbian heavy metal band Alogia released in 2005.The album features Alogia's old songs rerecorded with English language lyrics. It was released through Spanish record label Locomotive Music.
 Tribal Voice is also the name of the company that made the Pow Wow Internet instant message and chat programs in the mid 1990s.Tribal Voice is also the name of the official newsletter of Redskins Touch Club.Tribal Voice is an album by Yothu Yindi that was released in 1991 on the Mushroom Records label.
 Hell Sweet Hell is Fear My Thoughts' fourth album released in 2005.
 Dreams is a studio album by Grace Slick. It was released in 1980 on RCA Records.
 Eagles Live is the first live album by the American rock band Eagles a two-LP set released in 1980. The Eagles unofficially disbanded on July 31 1980 after their concert at Long Beach. However the band still owed Elektra/Asylum a live record from the tour.
 No Boundaries is a 2005 album by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo and the English Chamber Orchestra.
 Switched-On Bach II is a musical album by Wendy Carlos produced by Carlos and Rachel Elkind and released in 1973. Talking about Switched-On Bach II American Record Guide in 2000 said Switched-On Bach II has the Badinerie Minuet and Bourrée from Bach's orchestral suite in B minor the Inventions in A and A minor 'Sheep May Safely Graze' four little pieces from Anna Magdalena's Notebook (including a heart-rending 'Bist du bei mir') and Brandenburg 5.
 The Wacken Carnage is a CD/DVD set of death metal band Bloodbath at a very rare live appearance recorded on August 5 2005 at the Wacken Open Air Festival in Germany. At that time this live appearance was presented as the only Bloodbath show there would ever be but Bloodbath has since headlined Party.San Metal Open Air in Germany on August 8 2008 Pellavarock in Finland on August 9 2008 Hellfest in France on June 22 2010 and Bloodstock Open Air in England on August 15 2010.
 The Best of Rock za Hrvatsku (Rock for Croatia) was a popular compilation album of anti-war and patriotic songs released in 1992 during the Croatian War of Independence. Some of the contributing artists had been popular across the then recently defunct federation of Yugoslavia namely Psihomodo pop Jura Stublić Parni valjak Boa and Aerodrom's Jura Pađen.
 You Fat Bastard is a 2 CD anthology by British electronic rock artists Carter USM. It was released on 15 October 2007.
 Monster (stylized as MONSTER) is the sixth studio album from the band Girugamesh which was released on November 27 2013. Two editions of the album were released: a Regular Version CD and a Limited Version CD+DVD. The album includes their older singles Zecchou BANG!! and Zantetsuken. Limited Edition and DVD contains the 2013.10.13 SHIBUYA-AX G＃ DIGEST.
 Malevolent Rapture is a 2006 album by thrash metal/death metal band Legion of the Damned. It was their first album since the demise their preceding band Occult with the loss of previous lead singer Rachel Heyzer. In common with later albums the lyrics heavily reference the dark side of the occult and apocalyptic themes. The album was created in Stage One Studio and produced by Andy Classen.
 Love Is the Law is the last studio album released in 1983 by Toyah as a band before Toyah Willcox embarked on her solo career. The album reached #28 in the UK Albums Chart. It was first released on CD in 2005 which contained five additional bonus tracks.
 The Makeshift Metric Catastrophe by Born Ruffians' previous band name Mornington Drive is an album the band recorded independently in 2004. It contains 12 listed tracks and 1 bonus track.
 Beneath the Mask is an album by Chick Corea released in 1991 through the record label GRP. The album peaked at number two on Billboard's Top Contemporary Jazz Albums chart.
 Good Morning to the Night is a remix album by Elton John and Pnau. It reached No. 1 on the UK Albums Chart in July 2012.
 And Furthurmore... is a live album by the American rock band Hot Tuna. It was recorded on the 1998 Furthur Festival tour. It was released on October 12 1999.And Furthurmore... was released in HDCD format. This provides enhanced sound quality when played on CD players with HDCD capability and is fully compatible with regular CD players.
 Here is an album by the artist Adrian Belew released in 1994.
 This is New is a 2002 album by Dee Dee Bridgewater dedicated to the songs of Kurt Weill.
 The Street Album is the third studio album by American rapper The Jacka. It includes guest appearances from Keak da Sneak Messy Marv The Federation & Dem Hoodstarz amongst other artists. The Street Album peaked at #80 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.Music videos have been filmed for the songs Wit the S**t featuring J-Diggs & Young Bossy Aspen All Over Me featuring Dem Hoodstarz Messy Marv Keak da Sneak & Fed-X and F**k Everybody.
 Snowbound is the fifth studio album by Fourplay released in 1999. It is a recording of Christmas songs.
 Mojo is the 12th studio album by American rock band Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers released on June 15 2010 on CD and June 29 on BD. It is Petty's first album with the Heartbreakers in eight years. Mojo debuted at number two on the U.S. Billboard 200 selling 125000 copies in its first week of release.
 RAW: Greatest Hits - The Music is a compilation album released by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) on December 18 2007.It features theme-music of Raw roster-members of the time - as well as that of former members.The album the first WWE album-release to feature the themes Turn Up the Trouble for Mr.
 maNga is the self-titled album of Turkish rock band maNga released in December 2004 by Sony Music/GRGDN. It was reissued in 2006 with two additional tracks and a bonus DVD.
 The Cuckoo Clocks of Hell is the thirteenth studio album by guitarist Buckethead. It was released on April 20 2004 via Disembodied Records. The album contains seventeen songs and is considered by fans to be Buckethead's heaviest offering to date. The album includes the song Spokes for the Wheel of Torment which is one of the few Buckethead songs a music video was made for.
 1000 Pies is an album by American folk singer Susan Herndon released in 2007 on Turtle Music. It was recorded at Valcour Sound and engineered mixed and mastered by Hank Charles.
 Gran Turismo is the fourth studio album by the Swedish band The Cardigans released internationally on October 1 1998 and in November 1998 in the United States. It features a darker and more moody type of music mixing with more electronic sounds.
 Long May You Run is an album credited to The Stills-Young Band a collaboration between Stephen Stills and Neil Young released in 1976 on Reprise Records catalogue MS 2253. The album peaked at #26 on the Billboard 200 and certified gold in the U.S. by the RIAA. The album is the sole studio release by Stills and Young in tandem outside of their work with Buffalo Springfield and Crosby Stills Nash & Young.
 Rockin' with Curly Leads is the ninth rock album by British instrumental (and sometimes vocal) group The Shadows released in 1973 through Columbia (EMI).
 Live! is the first of two live albums (although recorded the day after the second) by MC Hellshit & DJ Carhouse a collaboration project between Japanese artists Yamantaka Eye (Hellshit) and Yoshihide Otomo (Carhouse). Recorded live at the Disobey Festival and later released on Blast First in 1995 the album was packaged in a 3 cardboard sleeve and limited to just 500 copies. Due to the small amount created Live! is very rare and often sells for large amounts.
 Different Directions is the 23rd album by American singer-songwriter John Denver released in September 1991.
 Waiting for the Floods is the first and only full-length album released by British rock band The Armoury Show. Although Waiting for the Floods was well received by critics it was a commercial failure and led to the dissolution of the band with guitarist John McGeoch and drummer John Doyle separating in 1987 and the definitive end in 1988 when singer Richard Jobson and bass guitarist Russell Webb decided to become solo artists.
 La Distancia (translated: The Distance) is the debut EP of Argentine Post hardcore act DENY originally released in 2009 via Inmune Records. The EP was re-released on February 24 2012 via Pinhead Records. The re-issue contains two acustic versions of E.X.E and Lo Que Siempre Buscabámos from the debut album Reino de Tormentas. Both issues were produced by Nueva Ética guitarist Javier Casas at Infire Studios.
 Home Plate is the fifth album by Bonnie Raitt released in 1975 (see 1975 in music).
 'Les Étoiles des Filles Mortes' is an album by Alec Empire released in 1996. It is his fifth and final album for the Mille Plateaux label and his third of three albums released that year.
 Acústico MTV is a CD/DVD by Brazilian recording artist Cássia Eller produced by Nando Reis and Luiz Brasil. It was recorded on March 7 and 8 of 2001 in São Paulo and released the same year. The project included guest appearances from Nando Reis A Nação Zumbi and the rapper Xis. Acústico MTV is the Brazilian version of MTV Unplugged.
 SMPT:e (AKA StoltMorsePortnoyTrewavas) is the first album of the progressive rock supergroup Transatlantic. The title is a play on words; SMPT:e is both a combination of the band members' initials and a type of time code used in recording technology.The song In Held 'Twas In I was originally recorded by progressive rock band Procol Harum in 1967 (released on the album Shine on Brightly in 1968) and was widely regarded as the first progressive rock epic.
 Give Me Your Love is the debut and only released album of singer Sylvia Striplin.
 Hate Fear and Power is the second studio album by American thrash metal band Hirax released in 1986.
 Black City is the second album by Division of Laura Lee. It was originally released on February 4 2002 on Burning Heart Records
 Like An Ocean We Rise Again is the first release and first and only EP by English metalcore band Evita. It is the band's only release on Glasstone Records and was released on November 17 2009.
 Half Nelson is a compilation album of duets performed by country singer Willie Nelson along with various other artists released in 1985. It also includes a few never-before released hits as well.
 Magic is the third album from Djumbo. It was released as a normal version and also a special version with an extra book in November 2008.
 For the similarly titled album by Cindy Morgan see The Loving Kind (Cindy Morgan album)The Loving Kind is the 19th album by singer-songwriter Nanci Griffith. It was released June 9 2009 on Rounder Records. Comprising thirteen songs (A fourteenth was released as a bonus track on iTunes) it was her first release of all new material since 2005. The album tackles political topics such as Loving vs.
 The music of the video games Final Fantasy and Final Fantasy II was composed by regular series composer Nobuo Uematsu who would go on to be the exclusive composer for the next seven Final Fantasy games. Although they were composed separately music from the two games has only been released together. All Sounds of Final Fantasy I•II a compilation of almost all of the music in the games was released by DataM/Polystar in 1989 and subsequently re-released by NTT Publishing in 1994.
 Code: Selfish is a 1992 LP by British rock band The Fall which entered the chart at number 21. It is characterised by its harsher sound in relation to the previous year's Shift-Work and draws influence from techno music. This was probably due to the addition of techno fan Dave Bush to the line-up.
 Egon Bondy's Happy Hearts Club Banned is an album by Czech underground band The Plastic People of the Universe. It was recorded in 1974/75 at Houska Castle. There enabled recording then warden Svatopluk Karásek. Some of the songs were recorded in Prague. The album could be in the former Czechoslovakia officially released and distributed; instead fans taping from one another often in poor technical quality. It was released in 1978 in France by SCOPA Invisible Production.
 For Aunt Louise is an album by David Murray which was released on the Japanese DIW label. Recorded in 1993 and released in 1995 the album features performances by Murray John Hicks Fred Hopkins and Idris Mohammad.
 Eric Paslay is the eponymous debut album by American country music artist Eric Paslay. It was released on February 4 2014 via EMI Nashville. The album includes the singles Never Really Wanted Friday Night and Song About a Girl.
 I'm in Love is the sixteenth album by singer Melba Moore released in 1988.
 Prodigal Son is the eighth studio album released by The Saints.
 The Soothings Sounds Of... is an international split album by American band the Huntingtons and Italian band Retarded. It was released in 2003 on Wynona Records.
 Nukukehe released in 2002 is the third album by the Oceanic group Te Vaka.This album is dedicated to Greenpeace and all the other environmental groups around the world for caring enough to do something about it. The song Sei Ma Le Losa was written for David McTaggart who was killed in a car accident the previous year.
 Let's Stay Together is a 1972 album by soul singer Al Green and is the follow-up to his moderate success Al Green Gets Next to You. It was recorded at Royal Recording Studio 1320 S. Lauderdale in Memphis and was a success peaking at number eight on the pop albums chart and became the first of six albums to peak at number-one on the soul album chart (where it claimed the position for ten weeks).
 Walking Distance is an album by Texas-based folk singer-songwriter Robert Earl Keen released in the United States in 1998 on Arista Records.
 Controlling Crowds is the sixth studio album by British trip-hop progressive and alternative group Archive. It was released worldwide on March 30 2009.
 I Am Responsible is the second studio album by Swedish post-rock band EF. It was released through And The Sound Records in the UK.
 The Scene of the Crime is a studio album by American singer-songwriter Bettye LaVette released in the United States on September 25 2007 on the label ANTI-. It is a collaboration with Drive-By Truckers as backing band Spooner Oldham on piano and other studio musicians. The album debuted at number one on Billboard's Top Blues Albums chart and was nominated for Best Contemporary Blues Album at the 2008 Grammy Awards.
 Digital Resistance is the ninth studio album released by the American heavy metal band Slough Feg. Released on February 17 2014 by Metal Blade Records the album has received universal acclaim and has been praised for its creative use of traditional metal themes inspired by Iron Maiden and Thin Lizzy.
 Stance is a 12 45rpm e.p. (extended play) vinyl record by DIY home recording pioneer and one-man band R. Stevie Moore. The 3-track disc was issued by Moore's uncle Harry Palmer's H.P. Music of Verona NJ in September 1978.
 Progress Live is the twelfth album released by British pop band Take That. It is also the band's second live album to date and was released as a double disc album in Europe on 21 November 2011 and in the UK on 28 November 2011. The album was recorded during their Progress Live tour at Wembley Stadium in London and Etihad Stadium in Manchester in June and July 2011.
 Balin is Marty Balin's 1981 album. Two top-40 singles were released Hearts (a U.S. #8 hit and also his biggest as a solo artist) and Atlanta Lady (U.S. #27). The album rose to #35 on the Billboard charts.
 Sinistri is the second album by the Italian experimental rock band Starfuckers released in 1994.
 Concentration Face/Homeboy is a DVD/EP by Hella. Concentration Face features live performances filmed while on tour in Japan while Homeboy is a four track EP.
 Boy Wonder is a compilation album by Canadian guitarist Lenny Breau recorded in 1956 and released in 1998.
 Songs of the Season is a Christmas album by American country music artist Randy Travis. It was released by Word Records on September 25 2007. The album peaked at number 26 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Live In Japan is a live album from Simian Mobile Disco. It was released July 7 2008 on Wichita Recordings and Hostess records in Japan.Although the album is made one only track the track listing given inside the CD case shows only Simian Mobile Disco tracks except for Ladyflash which was originally composed by The Go! Team and remixed by Simian Mobile Disco for the single release of the track and live purposes.
 Clearly Love was an album by Olivia Newton-John released in 1975.
 The Sound of the Life of the Mind is the fourth studio album by Ben Folds Five released on September 18 2012. It is the group's first release since 1999's The Unauthorized Biography of Reinhold Messner.
 Shaky is an album released by Shakin' Stevens in 1981.Released at the peak of his popularity Shaky was the first and to date only UK number 1 album for Shakin' Stevens. The album features three top ten singles most notably Green Door which enjoyed a month at number one during the summer of 1981.
 Sands of Time EP is the debut EP by the Australian power metal band Black Majesty.
 The Montreal Tapes: Tribute to Joe Henderson is a live album by the American jazz bassist Charlie Haden with saxophonist Joe Henderson and drummer Al Foster recorded at the Montreal International Jazz Festival in 1989 and released on the Verve label.
 Poetic Justice is a compact disc released 19 November 1996. It contains two radio plays: Harris and the Mare based on Stan Rogers' song of the same name adapted by John Gavin Douglas for the CBC Radio series Nightfall and The Sisters by Silver Donald Cameron a play written for CBC Playhouse for which Stan wrote and performed the music.
 Negative Theater a European-only import CD is the fifth solo album released by Ric Ocasek. Negative Theater was originally intended to be Ocasek's fourth solo effort consisting of a double CD and a book of poetry. However in North America Reprise Records declined to release the CD in Ocasek's original form. Instead the company took 7 tracks from Ocasek's project and had him record 7 additional tracks with producer Mike Shipley.
 Playgirlz (promoted as AFTERSCHOOL 1st Japan Tour -PLAYGIRLZ-) is the first Japan nationwide concert tour by South Korean girl group After School. The tour is to promote their first Japanese studio album Playgirlz and their fourth Japanese single Lady Luck/Dilly Dally.
 Tilefonise mou (Greek: Τηλεφώνησέ Μου; English: Call me) is the 21st studio album by Greek singer Vasilis Karras. It was released in Greece in 1996 by Minos EMI. It reached 2× platinum status. It's the first collaboration of Vasilis Karras with songwriter Phoebus.
 American Rubicon is the second full-length album from punk rock band Cobra Skulls. It was digitally released by Red Scare Industries on July 7 2009 with a physical release following one week later on July 14. It is the band's first release with guitarist Adam Beck who joined the band in 2008 after the departure of Charlie Parker.The band entered the studio in late March 2009 to record the album. The album was finished and final details were announced on June 15 2009.
 The Sky’s the Limit is an album by the German Progressive metal band Horizon.
 Jazz Lab is an album by American jazz trumpeter Donald Byrd and saxophonist Gigi Gryce featuring tracks recorded in 1957 for the Columbia label.
 Love Jones: The Music is the original soundtrack to the 1997 film Love Jones.
 Greater Art is the first studio album by the Swedish gothic metal band Lake of Tears. It was released in 1994 and unlike their later albums Greater Art is stylistically straightforward doom metal.
 Red Dust And Spanish Lace was the breakthrough debut album by Acoustic Alchemy from 1987.Comprising nine tracks in total the album spawned the radio-friendly single Mr. Chow which was described as Chinese reggae.Other highlights include Sarah Victoria a re-recording of an early demo track and the title track which is still a live favourite now.
 Pa'l Mundo (English: For the World) is the fifth studio album by Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel released on November 8 2005 by Machete Music. It is notable for being their first commercially successful album. It has sold over 3000000 albums worldwideThe album includes hits such as Rakata Llamé Pa' Verte (Bailando Sexy) and Noche de Sexo each of which were Top 5 hits on the U.S. Billboard Hot Latin Tracks chart. The song Mayor Que Yo Pt.
 Heroes or Ghosts is the debut album by the Irish indie act The Coronas released in October 2007 by 3ú Records and published by Little Rox Music. An Irish language version of the titular song was also recorded called Taibhsí nó Laoich.The title may be a reference to the Pink Floyd song Wish You Were Here which includes the lyric Did they get you to trade / Your heroes for ghosts
 Songs from the Lion's Cage is the debut album of British Progressive rock group Arena released on 25 July 1995. This is the only Arena album to feature vocalist John Carson and bassist Cliff Orsi.
 No Backup released in May 1996 is the first album by Farmers Manual. A remastered 2nd edition was reprinted in August 1999.
 Penguin Prison is the eponymous debut album by New York dance-pop recording artist Penguin Prison. The album was released on 18 October 2011 by Downtown Records.
 A.E.I.O.U. is the second studio album by Polish pop/R&B/hip-hop group Sistars released on September 26 2005 through Warner Music Poland.A.E.I.O.U. won the 2005 Fryderyk Award for Hip-Hop/R&B Album of the Year. It was also nominated in the Best Album Design category (Wydawnictwo Specjalne – Najlepsza Oprawa Graficzna).
 The Videos 1992–2003 is a DVD featuring all of the music videos released by the American third wave ska band No Doubt between 1992 and 2003. It was released first in 2003 as the second disc of the Boom Box box set and was the companion to the first disc in the set The Singles 1992–2003. It was later released as a separate DVD on May 4 2004 (see 2004 in music.) The video has been certified gold in the United States.
 Smeared is the debut album released by the Canadian rock band Sloan. It was released in Canada in October 1992 and in the United States in January 1993 on Geffen Records.
 Cha Cha Cha was the third and last studio album by English rock band EMF released in 1995 under the EMI label. It was the first album the band released in three years their previous album being their 1992 album Stigma.
 The Taking is the third studio album by American hard rock band Loaded. It was produced by Terry Date in Seattle Washington and was released on April 19 2011 through Eagle Rock Entertainment. Writing for the album began in 2009 while the band were touring in support of Sick.
 Testimony is an album by The Gap Band released in 1994 on Lalique Records. The album includes several songs which were included in first solo Charlie Wilson's album You Turn My Life Around in 1992.
 God of War is an action-adventure video game series loosely based on Greek mythology. Debuting in 2005 the series has become a flagship title for the PlayStation brand consisting of seven games across multiple platforms. The main trilogy and its prequel—God of War I II III and Ascension—were developed by Sony's Santa Monica Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment (SCE) for the PlayStation 2 (PS2) and PlayStation 3 (PS3) video game consoles.
 Mosquitos is the second album by Stan Ridgway.
 Duo 2 is an album by pianist Kenny Drew and bassist Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen recorded in 1974 and released on the SteepleChase label.
 A Joyful Noise Unto The Creator is the second album by United Kingdom acid jazz group Galliano. It was released on Gilles Peterson's Talkin' Loud record label on 8 June 1992. The album reached number 28 in the UK Albums Chart.
 One Foot in the Groove is an album by Koerner Ray & Glover released in 1996. It was the last release by the trio.
 The Greatest Hits and a Little Bit More is the first greatest hits album released by English boy band 911. It was released in the United Kingdom on 25 October 1999.
 At Swim 2 Birds is a collaborative album by Peter Jefferies and Jono Lonie released in 1987 through Flying Nun Records.
 You Belong to Me is a 2008 compilation album of songs by American artist Jo Stafford. Released on the Dynamic label on April 8 2008 the album features 16 of Stafford's hits.
 The Very Best Of Kiwi Country is a country music compilation album released in 2001 by recording label EMI.
 Tour EP '04 is the fourth EP by Pedro the Lion. It was recorded live in the studio and was released in July 2004 to coincide with the band's US tour. The EP was later released to retail outlets in March 2005; in 2006 it was picked up by Jade Tree Records and was made available as a digital download.
 Stage Door Johnnies is the third album by English singer-songwriter Claire Hamill released in 1974.
 Johnny Cash The King and Tammy Wynette The Queen is an album by American country singers Johnny Cash and Tammy Wynette released on Columbia Records in 1973 (see 1973 in music). It is a Columbia Musical Treasury featuring two LPs from each artist.
 Who's Gonna Burn is the debut album of death metal band Carnal Forge.
 The Marrow of a Bone (stylized THE MARROW OF A BONE) is the sixth studio album by Japanese metal band Dir En Grey released on February 7 2007 in Japan and in the United States (20 February) Germany (2 March) France (6 March) and the United Kingdom (7 May) in the following months. In total the album was released in eleven countries. The band was touring North America at the time of the album's release in both Japan and the United States.
 Resurrección is the last album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro. The Album was produced by Abraham Quintanilla III. All songs written by Abraham Quintanilla III and Luigi Giraldo.
 August is a 2005 album by the band Elevator.
 None the Wiser is the fourth studio album by The Rifles released 26 January 2014 produced by Dave McCracken Jamie Ellis and Charles Rees.
 The Makings of Me is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Monica released by J Records on October 3 2006. Built upon the hip-hop gospel and quiet storm styles of its predecessor After the Storm (2003) Monica wanted her follow-up project to sound very close knit and intimate.
 Soulstice is an album released by New Zealand drum and bass band Shapeshifter in 2006.It is the third album from the group and the first to have former part time contributor P Digsss as a permanent feature in the groups line up. This is reflected throughout the album as many of the tracks contain vocals compared to Shapeshifter's earlier more traditional work.
 Survival of the Fittest is the debut album by the Jazz/Funk quintet The Headhunters. The album was released by Arista Records in 1975. The album features the stand out track God Make Me Funky which has been sampled numerous times by prominent rappers. Labeled as the best space-funk album in the CD version released by BMG France in 2001.A digipack that includes liner-notes in English and French.
 Child of the Universe is the fourth studio album by Australian singer–songwriter Delta Goodrem. It was released on 26 October 2012 by Sony Music. The album was preceded by its three singles Sitting on Top of the World Dancing with a Broken Heart and Wish You Were Here. The album debuted at number two on the ARIA Albums Chart and was certified Gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association for shipments of 35000 copies.
 Laughter is an album by Ian Dury & The Blockheads; released in 1980 it was the last studio album Dury made for Stiff Records. It was also the last studio album he made with The Blockheads until 1998's Mr. Love Pants though a live album Warts 'n' Audience was produced in 1991.
 Vinyl is an EP by alternative rock group Dramarama released in 1992.
 Tha Thug Show is the third studio album by Houston-based rapper Slim Thug. The album was released on November 30 2010.
 The Drowning of Lucy Hamilton an album by Lydia Lunch and Lucy Hamilton released in 1985 through Widowspeak Productions.
 Rough Diamond is the debut album of British rock band Rough Diamond.Rough Diamond was formed by singer David Byron following his dismissal from Uriah Heep along with former Humble Pie guitarist Clem Clempson and ex-Wings drummer Geoff Britton. The album peaked at No. 103 on the Billboard 200 in 1977. The band opened for Peter Frampton in the spring of 1977 on the latter's US tour. The group disbanded shortly after releasing their debut.
 Babyteeth was the first (mini-)album by the Northern Irish band Therapy? released on 15 July 1991 on Wiiija Records. Tracks 1 and 3 were recorded in January 1990 with the remaining tracks recorded later that year all at Homestead Studio in Randalstown Northern Ireland. The album reached number 1 in both the UK and Irish Indie Charts.The album was originally released by Wiiija on 12” vinyl.
 Omang Reloaded is the fourth studio album of South African hip hop artist Hip Hop Pantsula released under the CCP/EMI S.A. label in 2004 in South Africa.
 Uninvisible is an album by avant-jazz-funk organ trio Medeski Martin & Wood.
 Wasted Tasters is an album by the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage. It contains previously released songs selected from the first seven New Riders albums which were recorded between 1971 and 1975.
 Love Shout is an album by jazz vocalist Etta Jones which was recorded in late 1962 and early 1963 and released on the Prestige label.
 Femina is an album by John Zorn recorded in New York City in December 2008 and released on the Tzadik label in October 2009. The album is a tribute to the artistic creativity of women.
 Big Syke is the fourth studio album by rapper Big Syke. It was released on October 22 2002.
 This DVD Is Not Punk Rock is the first commercially available DVD by post-punk laptop rapper MC Lars. The DVD contains Lars' first five music videos as well as tour footage and an episode of his college TV show.
 I Will Survive is the 14th album by Billie Jo Spears an American country artist (born Billie Jean Spears in Beaumont Texas United States January 14 1937 – December 14 2011) released in May 1979 on the United Artists label. The title track I Will Survive was a cover of the chart topper for Gloria Gaynor in 1978. Although the album didn't quite make the top 40 three singles released from it did.
 I Love You So is an album by Natalie Cole released in 1979 through Capitol Records. The album reached peak positions of number 52 on the Billboard 200 and number 11 on the Billboard R&B Albums chart.
 Born in the U.S.A. is the seventh studio album by American rock singer-songwriter Bruce Springsteen released on June 4 1984. A critical and commercial triumph it found Springsteen marking a departure in his sound.
 Latino Velvet Project is the debut album of West Coast supergroup Latino Velvet. The group is composed of Jay Tee & Baby Beesh. Frost and Don Cisco both make multiple guest appearances on the album as well as several other West Coast heavy-weights.
 Freedom Is Frightening is a 1973 album by the Japanese percussionist keyboardist and composer Stomu Yamash'ta and his band East Wind. It was recorded in August 1973 at Advision Studios (Gary Martin engineer).The cover art was designed by Saul Bass.
 Live in Osaka is the first completely live album from Shonen Knife released in 2006 on the twenty-fifth anniversary of their 1981 debut. All tracks feature Naoko Yamano on guitar and lead vocals and Atsuko Yamano on bass and backing volcals. Tracks 1-19 were recorded 17 December 2005 at Osaka Fandango's Space X'mas and feature drummer Etsuko Nakanishi. Drummer Mana China Nishiura is featured on tracks 20-22 recorded 12 July 2004 at Osaka Shinsaibashi Club Quattro.
 For the Simple Minds Album see Real Life (Simple Minds album).Real Life is the second studio album by Evermore released on 8 July 2006. The album debuted on the ARIA charts at number five and on the RIANZ charts at number two. The album reached double-platinum certification in Australia. Four singles were released from the album – Running Light Surrounding You Unbreakable and Never Let You Go.
 Day Into Night is the second full-length album by the Canadian melodic death metal band Quo Vadis. It was released on March 30 2000. The album was accompanied by a music video for the song Dysgenics.
 Dwight Spitz is an album by American hip hop artist and multi-instrumentalist Count Bass D his second full-length studio album. It was released on August 30 2002 on High Times.
 Live from Knoxville is the third solo album and first live release by Amy Ray of Indigo Girls released in 2006 on her Daemon Records label.
 Terrorcrowned is the first and also probably the last release of the German black metal band Sindecade. The album title refers to the lyrical theme the band chose terror. Though this release was intended as a one-off only it got some good reviews. The MCD was released on Commander C.'s (Crom) own label Neocreation Productions but due to bad promotion most fans didn't even know it existed.
 Disney Channel Holiday Playlist is a 2012 holiday album released on October 2 2012. The album features musical artists associated or popularized by Disney Channel like Bridgit Mendler Bella Thorne Zendaya Adam Hicks Ross Lynch McClain Sisters and Coco Jones singing their own versions of holiday songs. Some songs were recorded prior to the production of this album while others were recorded specifically for it.
 Don't Try This at Home is compilation presented by American rap group The Dangerous Crew. It was released November 21 1995 on Jive Records and Dangerous Music. The album was produced by Ant Banks Father Dom J-Dubb L.A. Dre Pee-Wee and Shorty B. It peaked at number 191 on the U.S. Billboard 200 at number 6 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers and at number 23 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. The album features performances by Too Short Spice 1 MC Breed Erick Sermon and Goldy.
 Santa's Rockin'! is the 20th album release from an Australian children's music group The Wiggles. It is also the third Wiggles Christmas video release. It was released in 2004.
 Projet Orange (sometimes incorrectly labeled on the Internet as New Edition) is the first album from the Quebecois band Projet Orange. The album was released by ViK. Recordings in 2001. Unlike the band's 2004 sophomore release Megaphobe (mostly sung in English) every song on this record is sung in French.D-Max - 4:41Mystère aérosol - 3:56Air malin - 4:47Téléaddiction - 3:55S'étend l'amer - 3:41La pomme - 3:55A. N. I.
 The Message is an album by saxophonist Illinois Jacquet with guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1963 and released on the Argo label.
 Sammy Hagar & Friends is a solo album by Sammy Hagar. The album was released on September 24 2013 by Frontiers Records.
 Det är så jag säger det released on 28 October 2002 is the Swedish pop artist Håkan Hellström's second album. In English the title would be: That is how I say it.Musically the album was an evolvement from Hellström's debut and a deepening of his widespread influences containing among others Brazilian samba music and Swedish folk ballad singers Evert Taube and Cornelis Vreeswijk.
 Logan's Sanctuary is an electronica album by Roger Joseph Manning Jr. and Brian Reitzell conceived as the soundtrack for an imagined sequel to the film Logan's Run.Manning's former bandmate in Jellyfish Jason Falkner contributed to two tracks. Also photographs of Falkner dressed in costumes reminiscent of the film were incorporated into the CD booklet.
 The Saturday Sessions: The Dermot O'Leary Show is a 2-disc compilation album of BBC Radio 2 popular music recordings released in the United Kingdom in July 2007. Many of the artists featured were first introduced by English radio personality and television presenter Dermot O'Leary.
 The One is the third studio album by Frankie J. It was released on March 22 2005 and debuted at #3 on the Billboard 200 with over 130000 copies sold in its first week released and was certified platinum by the RIAA for shipping over a million copies.
 The Ways of Freedom is an early album by the Russian jazz musician Sergey Kuryokhin.
 Wake of the Flood is the sixth studio album by the Grateful Dead. It was recorded between August 4 and September 1 1973 and originally released on October 15 1973. It was the first release under the band's own label Grateful Dead Records after fulfilling their contract with Warner Bros. Records. It was their first full-length studio album in nearly three years since 1970's American Beauty. It was also the first studio album without Ron Pigpen McKernan who had recently died.
 Matrikula (lit. Tuition Fee) is a 2009 album and his 4th album by Filipino rapper Gloc-9. It has 16 tracks and was released under Sony Music Philippines.
 Jazz Impressions of New York is a jazz album released by Dave Brubeck. It developed out of Brubeck's association with the CBS television show Mr.
 Siluurikaudella is the seventh album by Finnish experimental rock band Pharaoh Overlord. It was released on CD in 2010 by Ektro Records. Its closest relative amongst Pharaoh Overlord's family tree is Doktor Kettu's Soft Delirium another album featuring bassist Jussi Lehtisalo.
 Loyal to the Game is the tenth studio album and fifth posthumous studio album by Tupac Shakur. It contains remixes of previously unreleased music recorded by Shakur before his death in 1996. Released in the United States on December 14 2004 (December 12 in the United Kingdom) Loyal to the Game was produced by Eminem.It has sold 1204124 copies in the United States as of 2011.
 20th Century Masters – The Millennium Collection: The Best of The Jackson 5 is a 1999 greatest hits album for R&B group The Jackson 5 released by Motown Records.
 Classical Gas is a 1987 album by new age group Mannheim Steamroller and guitarist/composer Mason Williams. The album's title piece Classical Gas was originally featured in 1968 on Williams's solo album The Mason Williams Phonograph Record.
 Slang Prostitution is the fifth studio album released by New York based rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member Cappadonna. The only single of this album is Somebody's Got To Go. The album was released on January 27 2009.
 Argises (You Were Late) is the last album released by popular Greek singer Irini Merkouri. It was released in Greece in November 2006 by Sony BMG Greece.
 House of Cards is a studio album by Saga their fourteenth album of new material.
 El Rostro de la Muerte is the fourth album by thrash metal band Hirax and the second after the reunion.
 Decomposing Normality is the second EP by the American deathcore band King Conquer. Decomposing Normality is the first release by the band to feature their current sound focusing on the typical deathcore element that fuses death metal and metalcore but with deep guttural lead vocals heavier breakdowns and technical sweeps. It was produced by Charles J and Phil Pluskota.The EP was tracked and mixed at Sonic Assault Studios in Cape Coral FL.
 A.D.M. is the second studio album by New Zealand indie rock group Snapper released in 1996.
 Ashore is a folk album by June Tabor released in 2011 on Topic Records catalogue number TSCD 577.It is a collection of songs concerning humankind's relationship with the sea.
 Storyville is Robbie Robertson's second solo album. It is focused on the famous jazz homeland section of New Orleans and on that part of the South in particular. He contributed one song (Breakin' the Rules) to Wim Wenders' soundtrack to his 1991 film Until the End of the World.In 2005 the album was reissued together with Robbie Robertson as 2CD in an expanded edition both with two bonus tracks.
 The Spell is the second studio album by Danish pop group Alphabeat released on 26 October 2009 by Copenhagen Records.
 Celtic Woman is the eponymous debut album of the singing group Celtic Woman. The members of the group were first featured on the PBS musical special also by the same name. With the help of said special Celtic Woman reached #1 on the World Music charts within weeks and remained there for a record 86 weeks. The astonishing success led the group's musical director David Downes to adopt the title 'Celtic Woman' as their permanent name.
 Paws is an EP released by Four Tet on 7 December 2001. It consists of remixes of works on his album Pause; the EP's name is a pun on the album's.
 Tell 'Em Why U Madd is the debut album by The Madd Rapper. The Madd Rapper is the alias of then Bad Boy Records in-house producer D-Dot. After appearing on several skits on Bad Boy albums (most notably the intro to the Notorious B.I.G.'s Kick in the Door) with his Madd Rapper alias D-Dot released this album as The Madd Rapper.
 Good Things Happening is the first album released by the new lineup of pop group Brotherhood of Man. This lineup consisted of Martin Lee Lee Sheriden Nicky Stevens and Sandra Stevens and was to be the main lineup of the group's history and would hold for the next ten albums.
 The Sound of Sunshine is the third studio album by the funk and disco group KC and the Sunshine Band. The album was produced by Harry Wayne Casey and Richard Finch and was released in September 1975 on the TK label.
 Platinum Underground is the fifth studio album by American rapper Vanilla Ice. Released on August 16 2005 it is the rapper's third independent release after Hooked and Bi-Polar. Allmusic reviewer Rob Theakston panned the album writing that it has more bad spots in it than most.The title alludes to Ice's current tours playing to fans of underground music in contrast to his history as an RIAA certified platinum artist. The followed up the album with 2011's W.T.F..
 Woo is the soundtrack to the 1998 comedy film Woo. It was released on May 5 1998 through Epic Records and consisted of hip hop and R&B music. The soundtrack was a minor success peaking at 52 on the Billboard 200 and 8 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and featured one charting single Charli Baltimore's Money which went to #50 on the Hot Rap Singles.
 Stick-Up! is an album by jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson released on the Blue Note label in 1966. The album is Hutcherson's first without drummer Joe Chambers. Five of the six tracks are Hutcherson compositions with the exception being Ornette Coleman's Una Muy Bonita.
 Past and Future Sounds 1996–2006 is a 2006 studio album by Eloy Fritsch.In the early 1980s Fritsch formed progressive rock band Apocalypse. They are considered pivotal in the development of progressive rock in south of Brazil and they recorded many albums through Musea Records.
 Shame is the debut studio album by the American rock band Brad. It was released on April 27 1993 through Epic Records.
 Lucid Intervals and Moments of Clarity Part 2 is the first compilation album by American heavy metal musician Michael Angelo Batio. It contains remastered tracks from Batio's third and fourth studio albums Tradition (1998) and Lucid Intervals and Moments of Clarity (2000) and was released in 2004 by M.A.C.E. Music.
 The Singles is a greatest hits compilation album by English rock band The Bluetones. It was released on 8 April 2002 on Universal Records. Its offspring single was After Hours.
 Deja Vu All Over Again is the sixth solo album by John Fogerty. It was released in 2004 following a lapse of 7 years from his previous studio album Blue Moon Swamp. Originally issued by DreamWorks Records it was reissued by Geffen Records after it absorbed DreamWorks.
 Here Comes Trouble is a compilation album of various recorded works by former Small Faces and Faces keyboardist Ian McLagan's solo career featuring the entirety of his 1979 debut album and a 1985 extended play as well as bonus tracks from a variety of sources.
 Safe in a Crazy World is the second album by Corrinne May released in 2005 by the independent Pink Armchair Records label. The album was released in Japan by S2S records and by Warner Music Singapore.
 Doctor Who at the BBC Radiophonic Workshop Volume 3: The Leisure Hive was the third in a series of compilations showcasing the BBC Radiophonic Workshop's work on the science-fiction programme Doctor Who. The album focused mainly on the Peter Howell synthesiser score for the 1980 serial The Leisure Hive which received its first full release here.
 Lost Souls is the debut studio album by British indie rock band Doves released by Heavenly Records on 3 April 2000. The album was recorded over a period of several years following the dissolution of Doves' original musical incarnation as house music act Sub Sub. Lost Souls was a moderate chart success in the UK; the album peaked at number 16 while the three singles taken from the album charted in the Top 40.
 ☆☆☆ (Mitsuboshi) (☆☆☆(みつぼし) lit. Three Stars) is Koharu Kusumi's first album as Kirari Tsukishima starring Koharu Kusumi (Morning Musume) (月島きらり starring 久住小春(モーニング娘。)). The album was released on February 28 2007 in both limited (EPCE-5456) and regular (EPCE-5457) editions.
 The Truth is the commercial debut studio album from South Auckland New Zealand Rapper Young Sid released through Move The Crowd records (a subsidiary of Universal). The album was the product of Young Sid's visit to New York City in 2006 where he recorded with credited producer Cochise. After spending 16 days in the studio Young Sid returned home to New Zealand where he completed The Truth in the MTC studios.
 Sama Layuca is a studio album by American jazz pianist McCoy Tyner released in 1974 by Milestone Records. It was recorded on March 26 27 and 28 1974 with sidemen John Stubblefield Gary Bartz Azar Lawrence Bobby Hutcherson Buster Williams Billy Hart Guilherme Franco and Mtume.
 Without You I'm Nothing is the second studio album by alternative rock band Placebo released on 12 October 1998 through Hut and Virgin Records.
 The Kat Club - Source Mississippi recorded at Rockin' Kat Ranch Studio Chatsworth California between 1996 and 2000. Mixed at Kat Club Cabaña Studio on Santa Monica Bay 2001. Produced by D.J.Peters.
 Vibrations is an album by jazz group The Three Sounds featuring performances recorded in 1966 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Seasons of a Life was the last album by American jazz vocalist Lena Horne. Initially intended to be released in 1999 and entitled Soul the album was renamed Seasons of a Life and released in 2006. Seasons of a Life is essentially a compilation album that Horne's musical director and guitarist Rodney Jones put together for her. The material consists of outtakes and other rarities recorded during the 1990s when Horne was actively recording for Blue Note Records.
 Descent Into Chaos is the fifth studio album by the Dutch Metal band Legion of the Damned released on January 7 2011 through Massacre Records.
 Every Weekend is the third studio album by British electronic band Hadouken!. The album was initially set for release on 18 February 2013 but was released on 18 March 2013 via Surface Noise Records.
 Hardt Regn (Hard Rain) is the third studio album by Norwegian hard rock group Skambankt. It was released on January 26 2009.The first single from the album Malin was released on the band's MySpace account and several digital music stores in October 2008.
 New Day Rising is the third studio album by the American punk rock band Hüsker Dü released in 1985 on SST Records.
 Molly Malone – Balade irlandaise is an album by French singer-songwriter Renaud released on 23 November 2009 on EMI Records. It is a collection of traditional-style Irish folk songs translated into French an idea that had been maturing in Renaud's mind for almost two decades. Renaud had previously used Irish influences in his 1991 album Marchand de cailloux and did a low-key tour playing in Irish pubs in 1997.The album was recorded at the Windmill Lane Studios in Dublin.
 In Your Wildest Dreams is an EP by the alternative country band Whiskeytown released as a promotional item in 1997.The Rain Won't Help You When It's Over is a True Believers cover. The song's composer Alejandro Escovedo had this to say about the song: “I’ve always held that song very dear because it’s the first one I ever wrote and it was such a staple of the [True] Believers’ set and sound...
 Respect is an album by the Puerto Rican reggaeton artist Lisa M originally published in 2006.The album includes hits such as Hey Ladies Asi Es Que Eh and Fuego The Album Features artist like Julio Voltio Moncho Rivera and Huracáne G La Bruja K-Mil and MissWaidy. Urba y Monserrate co-produced the bulk of Respect and was assisted here by Nesty Taino Naldo and Bones.
 Buck Owens Sings Harlan Howard is an album by Buck Owens released in 1961.Harlan Howard wrote many of Buck Owens' biggest hits including I've Got a Tiger By the Tail Above and Beyond Excuse Me (I Think I've Got a Heartache) and Under the Influence of Love.The CD re-issue in 1997 by Sundazed Records includes Foolin' Around the single that reached Number two on the Billboard Country singles charts.
 You Can't Take It with You is the third and final studio album by Long Island band As Tall as Lions. It was released on August 18 2009. The album debut at #88 on the Billboard Top 200.
 Peace on Earth is the first Christmas album by American Christian rock band Casting Crowns. Produced by Mark Hall and Mark A. Miller it was released on October 7 2008. Intended by Hall to bring out the worshipful aspect of Christmas the album does not have songs relating to secular Christmas traditions instead featuring a mix of traditional Christmas carols and original songs.
 Spectrum is the second album by pianist Cedar Walton recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label.
 Available Light is a 2005 album by New Zealand singer-songwriter Dave Dobbyn. It debuted at number 3 on the New Zealand Music Charts.
 Power of Darkness is a music production album by the group Two Steps from Hell released in 2010. However this was made available only to clients promoting motion picture advertising. Unlike previous promotional albums Power of Darkness wasn't released on physical CD but on a flash drive. The album contains 32 compositions divided into two volumes which makes including the alternate versions a total of 77 tracks. The album was recorded in Prague and Los Angeles.
 Reprise 1990–1999 is a compilation album by Vangelis released in 1999. It contains tracks from the East West albums released in the nineties with two additional tracks that were never previously released. The Theme from Bittermoon is the opening theme of the film in a re-recorded version while Psalmus Ode is a rerecording of the theme for the film The Plague.
 Blast from the Past is a two CD compilation album that contains re-recordings of older Gamma Ray material from the Ralf Scheepers era with Kai Hansen singing the vocals and remasters of more recent tracks. All instruments for old songs were also re-recorded with new arrangements by the then current members of the band.The songs from each era to be included in the compilation were chosen by the band fans.
 The Platinum Collection is the third greatest hits/compilation album released by English boy-band Blue. The album was released in some European countries such as France and Germany in June 2006. The album failed to chart elsewhere. The compilation was put together and released by EMI Music.
 JLS is the debut studio album by English boy band JLS. It was released in the UK on 9 November 2009 by Epic Records. It was preceded by the lead single Beat Again on 13 July 2009. The album debuted at number-one in the UK and Ireland.
 Songs to Burn Your Bridges By is the fourth album by rock band Project 86. Originally released independently in November 2003 on the band's own label Team Black the album was re-released on Tooth & Nail Records on June 1 2004. In addition to a slightly re-ordered track listing the re-release featured new artwork three previously unreleased songs and higher production quality.Only 5000 copies of the Team Black edition were pressed.
 Welcome to Sky Valley is the third studio album by American stoner rock/metal band Kyuss originally released on June 28 1994.
 Hail H.I.M. is a studio album by Burning Spear.
 Kill The Power is the fifth studio album from Welsh reggaemetal band Skindred. It was announced on April 29 2013 and was released on 27 January 2014.
 Super Hits is a greatest hits album from Miles Davis. Released in 2001 it reached #22 on Billboard's Jazz Albums chart.
 Beautiful Death is an album by Bella Morte released in 2008.
 Nena Live '98 is a live recording by German pop singer Nena. It features a show performed at the Rheinstadion in Düsseldorf on 21 August 1998 (the last track Pur's Lena here rendered as Nena was recorded the following evening).
 Past Present Future is a compilation album by the Swedish heavy metal band Morgana Lefay. It was released in 1995 through Black Mark Records.
 Navidad Boricua: Mi Pueblo esta de Fiesta is one of the compilations made by Puerto Rican artists with songs that reflect the Christmas tradition of Puerto Rico. In this album are various singers of Puerto Rico as Joseph Fonseca Michael Stuart Grupo Kaos Plenéalo Daniela Droz Andy Montañez Los Sabrosos del Merengue Junny Ramos Salsa Kids Mary Ann Acevedo among others.
 Catch 22 is the second full-length solo studio album by recording artist Tinchy Stryder. After three successful singles leading up to the album the album was released on 17 August 2009.
 Siempre Hay Un Mañana is an EP a 45 LP (Single) album by Mexican iconic pop singer Yuri. It was released in 1979. Officially this is not considered an album these 2 songs were adrift so they were released as an EP. [1] Siempre hay un mañana is a cover of a Donna Summer's song. [2]
 Ain't We Havin' Us a Good Time is the eighteenth studio album by American country music artist Connie Smith. The album was released in April 1972 on RCA Victor Records and was produced by Bob Ferguson. It was the first of three studio albums released in 1972 and contained one single Just for What I Am.
 Sinners EP is the 2nd music release by artist Lauren Aquilina it is the follow up to her 2012 release Fools EP. The EP like the previous years effort 'Fools' was entirely self-released with Aquilina saving money from her Saturday job whilst at school to pay for the music video and gifts to give away to fans during the release. The EP beat Aquilina's previous effort Fools by peaking at number 5 in the main UK iTunes album chart.
 Deuces Wild is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1966 and released on the Atlantic label. The album featured Robin Kenyatta's recording debut.
 Folkloric Feel is Apostle of Hustle's debut album. The album is described as indie rock with very subtle Latin influences such as incorporating the sound stylings of the tres and permutations of Latin rhythms.
 Toolroom Knights Vol. 2 is the second release of Toolroom Records mixed by Gabriel & Dresden.This compilation includes the collaboration of many artists. It includes the Remix of The Killers Read My Mind and the hit by D. Ramirez & Mark Knight Colombian Soul.
 A Cabinet of Curiosities is a compilation box set by alternative rock band Jane's Addiction released on April 21 2009 on Rhino Records. The collection includes three discs of demos rehearsals remixes covers and live recordings from the group's initial lifespan of 1986–1991 and one DVD featuring the movie Soul Kiss the band's music videos and concert footage. Vocalist Perry Farrell stated that it's a really nice fetishy object.
 Hironobu Kageyama Best Album 3: Mixture (影山ヒロノブベストアルバム3 Mixture Kageyama Hironobu Besuto Arubamu Suri Mixture) is a compilation album by Animesongs artist Hironobu Kageyama. It was released on April 20 1996 in Japan only.
 Tri-Danielson!!! (Omega) is the fourth full length album by New Jersey indie rock band Danielson Famile. When the CD was placed in a standard CD the first track would actually read 14 and the rest of the album followed suit. This album is referred to as Tri-Danielson Vol. 2 (Omega) by allmusic[1].
 Foiled is the fourth studio album by Blue October. The album was certified gold in the United States on August 9 2006 and on February 22 2007 was certified platinum. The album is also popular in Canada where it has also achieved platinum status.The album was recorded during the summer of 2005.
 Live at Wood Hall is the fourth album release from Canadian singer-songwriter Allison Crowe. This double-CD set was recorded over two nights of concerts in the converted church chapel of the Victoria Conservatory of Music in Victoria British Columbia.The concert repertoire captured on these discs encompasses a range of genres from roots & blues through folk pop/rock jazz and Broadway.
 Songs by Sam Cooke is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Sam Cooke.
 Nazz Nazz is the second album by American rock band Nazz released in April 1969 by SGC Records.
 Another Piece of Me is the third studio album by Danish pop singer Bryan Rice. It was released in Denmark on 25 October 2010 by RecArt Music.
 Marvin the Album is the Australian alternative rock group Frente!'s debut album released 26 April 1994 and recorded in 1992 at Platinum Studios Melbourne Australia. Music videos were made for the tracks Accidently Kelly Street [sic] Ordinary Angels and No Time each of which were also released as singles.
 Ballads of Living and Dying is Marissa Nadler's first album released in 2004 on Eclipse Records.
 Come Fly with Me is the first live album released by Canadian Crooner Michael Bublé. The album was released on March 8 2004 consisting of an Audio CD and Live DVD. The title track was originally sung by Frank Sinatra on his 1958 album of the same name. The video of the live performances reached the top 10 of the Billboard Music Video Charts of early May 2004. The album made the top 100 of the Billboard Top 200 and has also made the Australian top 50 album charts.
 Sexy Album is the debut album by YouTube comedy duo Smosh released on December 15 2010. The album contains songs released throughout the past year on their YouTube channel.
 Soldiers of Misfortune is the third studio album by the Canadian thrash metal band Sacrifice released in March 1991. It is their only album with Fringe Product Records
 Summer of Hate is the debut studio album by the San Diego band Crocodiles. The New York Times featured the album in its Critics' Choice section saying that Summer of Hate has some catchy choruses and efficient low-fi landscapes.
 Demonstration is a 2002 album by American singer-songwriter Landon Pigg.
 Songs My Father Left Me is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams Jr. The full title is Songs My Father Left Me The Poetry of Hank Williams set to music and sung by Hank Williams Jr. The Album was issued in 1969 by MGM Records as number SE 4621.
 Touchtone Inferno!!! is the second album by the San Diego California pop rock band Reeve Oliver released in 2007 by Summertone Records and Apple Danish Records. The majority of the album was recorded while the band was under contract to Capitol Records before they were dropped during the label's merger with Virgin Records. As a result the band self-released the album through their own label Apple Danish.
 Boris and The Dudley Corporation is a split EP by the Japanese band Boris and The Dudley Corporation released on 7 and limited to 500 copies. It was released by Scientific Labs and sold out in 16 days.The cover art pays homage to the Pink Floyd album cover A Saucerful of Secrets.
 Own the Night is the third studio album by the American country music trio Lady Antebellum. It was released on September 13 2011 through Capitol Nashville. It was produced by Paul Worley. It topped the Billboard 200 selling more than 347000 copies in its first week making it their second number-one album in the United States and one of the most successful country albums of 2011.
 It's All in the Game is a studio album by American country music artist Merle Haggard. It was released in 1984 via Epic Records. The album peaked at number 1 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Now We Have Something To Celebrate is a split album by Peachcake and Less Pain Forever.
 Wars of the Roses is the eighth studio album by the Norwegian experimental band Ulver. The album entered the Norwegian national album charts at number 17. This position was based on sales from one day alone as the Norwegian distributor did not get the album out to shops before Friday April 15 2011. It held up for two subsequent weeks. It also entered the Finnish national album charts at number 30 where it held up for one week.
 Rasluka Part I is an EP by the black metal band Nargaroth. Together with Rasluka Part II they form the Rasluka (Russian for farewell) series.
 Hearts and Unicorns is the first full-length release by California indie rock band Giant Drag. It was released September 13 2005 in the U.S. and February 27 2006 in the UK on Kickball Records.
 Whirlwind Tongues is the final studio album by the Texan hard rock band Bloodrock released under Capitol Records in 1974. The album continues in the path of its previous release Passage by contrasting with the band's earlier material in favor of a progressive rock sound. Rick Cobb III (drummer) was replaced on this release by Randy Reeder (drummer).
 Civilian is the debut album by Boy Kill Boy. It was released on May 22 2006 and reached number 16 in the UK Album Chart.
 Death on the Road is a live CD LP and DVD released by the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden on 30 August 2005 (CD & LP version) and on 6 February 2006 (DVD version). The album was recorded at Westfalenhalle in Dortmund Germany on 24 November 2003 during the Dance of Death World Tour (2003–2004).The release performed well in the national charts of several countries; Finland (no. 5) Sweden (no. 7) Norway (no. 12) France (no. 14) Italy (no. 17) Switzerland (no. 17) Spain (no.
 Angel Dust is the fourth studio album by American rock band Faith No More. It was first released through Slash Records on June 8 1992 in Europe and the United States. It is the follow-up to 1989's highly successful The Real Thing as well as the band's final studio album with guitarist Jim Martin and the second to feature vocalist Mike Patton.
 New York Undercover is the soundtrack to the television series of the same name. It was released on September 19 1995 through MCA Records and consisted mostly of contemporary R&B with some hip hop. The soundtrack was a minor success peaking at 73 on the Billboard 200 and 12 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and spawned two singles Dom Perignon and I Miss You (Come Back Home).Mary J.
 The Hammer Party is a 1986 release of Big Black's early EPs made between 1982 and 1984. Originally released by Homestead Records and later rereleased by Touch and Go the LP came out at the same time as Big Black's Atomizer album and featured the six songs from Lungs one side and the six songs from Bulldozer. The CD version was expanded to include Big Black's third record Racer-X.
 WWF Full Metal: The Album is an album released by the World Wrestling Federation in 1996. It featured mostly recent theme tunes of wrestlers on the roster at the time. It is considered to be Volume 1 of the WWE: The Music series.
 Casket Garden is an EP released by Dismember. It was released in 1995 by Nuclear Blast. The song Casket Garden is also the ninth track on Dismember's third album Massive Killing Capacity.
 Greatest Hits Vol. 1 is a 2001 greatest hits album by Blue Rodeo. It was released in the United States in 2004.It collects most of the singles from all of their albums except 2000's The Days in Between which was still a relatively current release. It also includes a cover of To Love Somebody by The Bee Gees.
 data Panik etcetera is Bis' fourth full length album and first album since the band broke up in 2003.
 Modern Dances is the fourteenth album by Jandek released as Corwood #0752. It is the first of two releases from 1987 and marks the end of the original garage band (which would have a different incarnation starting a few albums later).
 Iselilja is the second album released by the Norwegian band Gåte.The meaning of the word Iselilja is uncertain. When asked in an interview Gunnhild Sundli (vocalist for Gåte) and Sveinung Sundli (fiddle keyboards) said that they themselves do not know its exact meaning. A translation that has been suggested is Ice-lily (because Is translates as Ice and lilja translates as lily) however it is also possible that Iselilja is a name (probably female) and has no meaning.
 Kill 'Em and Eat 'Em is a 1987 album by the UK underground group Pink Fairies.This is a reformed Pink Fairies prompted by an offer from Jake Riviera head of Demon Records. Of the five original group members Paul Rudolph wasn't involved. Wallis' preference for having a fellow guitarist led to the inclusion of the only non-former member Andy Colquhoun but Colquhoun had worked extensively alongside Wallis during the late 1980s Mick Farren group.
 Por Segunda Vez is a studio album released in 1986 by the Mexican group Los Freddy's.
 Hit&Fun is a compilation album by pop duo PUFFY that was released on February 14 2007.The album features tracks especially chosen by fans via an internet survey. 3 songs could be picked with reasons given and extra messages for Puffy were also allowed.
 Looking Back to Yesterday is a 1986 compilation album featuring a collection of tracks from Michael Jackson and The Jackson 5. As part of Motown's Never-Before-Released series all songs were previously unreleased except for Love's Gone Bad and I Was Made to Love Her alternate versions were released in 1979 on the Motown compilation Boogie.The album was re-released in August 1991 and re-titled Looking Back to Yesterday: A Young Michael and sold over half a million copies.
 Paid Vacation is the fourth studio album by American singer/songwriter Richard Marx released in 1994.The album features Now And Forever Marx's 9th and final top-10 hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 and most successful single on the Adult Contemporary chart. It was issued as a lead single for the album and stayed atop the Billboard AC chart for 11 consecutive weeks.
 Dream.ZONE.Achieve is the third studio album by American rapper Smoke DZA. The album was released on April 1 2014 by DZA's R.F.C. Music Group record label. The album features guest appearances from Cam'ron NymLo Joey Badass Ab-Soul Kobe CJ Fly Wiz Khalifa Currensy Ty Dolla Sign Bluntsmoker J. Ivy and BJ the Chicago Kid.
 Pickup-56 was released on 10 May 2006 and is an album by Swedish dansband Lasse Stefanz
 One Night in Dublin: A Tribute to Phil Lynott is a live DVD by Gary Moore credited to Gary Moore and Friends.On the night of 20 August 2005 Gary Moore (Thin Lizzy guitarist 1974 1977 1978–1979) staged a concert at the Point Theatre in Dublin Ireland. It featured Brian Downey and ex-Thin Lizzy guitarists Brian Robertson and Eric Bell as well as ongoing Lizzy member Scott Gorham.
 Caveat Emptor is an EP by Greeley Estates released through Record Collection Recordings in 2005. The sound of the EP continues their early emo sound from Outside of This.The song Life Is a Garden was re-recorded for their second full-length album Far from the Lies.
 Brand New Knife is a 1997 album by the Japanese rock trio Shonen Knife. The Japanese version of this album contains six tracks with English lyrics and seven versions of the tracks with Japanese lyrics. The U.S. version features all 13 tracks in English with the Japanese versions of the seven tracks featured as bonus tracks.
 Apple is the only full-length studio album by the American rock band Mother Love Bone. It was released on July 19 1990 through Stardog/Mercury Records.
 Niže nego ljudski (Less Than Human) is the second studio album by the Serbian alternative rock band Supernaut released by Zvono Records in 1998. This was the first studio album to feature bassist Saša Radić and featured the band first hit song Tata Roll. The cover for the album available only on compact cassette was designed by Srđan Marković Đile.
 Forever is the fourth album by German band Dune. It was released in 1997 on the label Orbit Records. The album is very different from the other albums released because the style is classical. It contains covers of famous pop songs and was recorded with the London Session Orchestra at the famous Abbey Road Studios in London.
 Prince Of The Ville is the debut album by rapper All Star Cashville Prince it was released through the independent label Loyalty Records & Inevitable Records. Guest appearances include Young Paper and Yo Gotti.
 Fire & Rain is the second album by Eden released on April 3 1995 through Projekt Records.
 Ignoto is the debut album by the British post-hardcore band Yourcodenameis:Milo and was released in 2005 on Fiction/Polydor.
 Bark Along with The Young Snakes is The Young Snakes only EP released in 1982.
 Bursting Out is a 1978 live album by the rock band Jethro Tull. It was recorded at various locations during the European Heavy Horses tour in May and June 1978.
 Best of Indie Years is the second compilation album by L'Âme Immortelle.
 Quadrasónico is the fourth album of Erik Rubin and changed his traditional rock pop sound by an electronic pop sound. It was his first and only work for Universal. Recorded in London and Mexico Rubin worked again with Jorge Amaro and for the first time with Aureo Baqueiro. Two singles were released disco anthem Dame Amor and ballad Contigo.
 Kismet (which means destiny) released in 2007 is the first full-length album by musician Jesca Hoop.
 CSI:Ambleside is the eleventh album by UK rock band Half Man Half Biscuit released in April 2008.As with most Half Man Half Biscuit records there are many pop cultural references and references to Northern and Welsh towns throughout.
 ...And Justice for All is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Metallica released on August 25 1988 by Elektra Records. It was their first album to feature bassist Jason Newsted following the death of Cliff Burton in 1986. ...And Justice for All is musically progressive featuring long and complex songs fast tempos and few verse-chorus structures.
 Faith Hope and Fury – the third studio album by Polish trip hop singer Pati Yang. The album was released by EMI Music Poland on 24 April 2009.
 Brother Bring the Sun is the first studio album released by singer-songwriter Dave Barnes. It was produced by Ed Cash.
 The Red and White is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Julian Austin. It was released by LMG Records in 2007. He's Got What It Takes the title track Harbour Town Back to Me and Marie were released as singles.
 Revelations Fields of the Nephilim's compilation was released in 1993 by Beggars Banquet Records.
 Toloache pa' mi Negra (Love Potion For My Black Girl) (1997) is the first EP by Mexican Ska Rock band Panteón Rococó. It was recorded while the band was playing on bars and clubs as a way to get a contract.
 Vice Verses is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock band Switchfoot. It was released on September 27 2011. Dark Horses was the first single released from the album with a July 20 radio date and August 2 digital release. Vice Verses debuted on the US Billboard 200 at No. 8.The song Afterlife was nominated for the 2013 GMA Dove Award in the category Rock/Contemporary Song of the Year.As of November 2013 the album has sold 188000 copies in the U.S.
 Don't Fall in Love with Everyone You See is the first full-length album from alternative folk-rock group Okkervil River. Released on January 22 2002 on the label Jagjaguwar it contains the single Kansas City. Artist William Schaff not to be confused with lead singer Will Sheff designed the cover art.
 Big Sugar is the eponymous debut album by Canadian rock band Big Sugar released 1991 on Hypnotic Records.
 Jentina is the eponymous debut album by Jentina which had a low-key release in September 2005 in Italy only. It contains eleven songs and one skit. Some confusion exists over its name. Originally the intended title was going to be Do Not Disturb but was retitled Jentina at the last minute.[citation needed]The singles released from the album are Bad Ass Strippa French Kisses and Mysterious.
 Gimme Shelter is a compilation by the Rolling Stones released on the Decca label in 1971. It reached #19 on the U.K chart.[citation needed]This is not a soundtrack album from the film of the same name. Side one is composed of previously released studio recording from 1968 and 1969. Side two consists of tracks previously released on the US live album Got LIVE if you want it! in 1966.
 Circle of One is the third album by the American vocalist pianist and songwriter Oleta Adams and was released in 1990. Circle of One was Adams' first album to receive wide distribution; her two earlier albums (an untitled album in 1982 and Going on Record in 1983) were self-financed and only received local distribution.
 Little Jabs is the second full-length studio album by Canadian indie rock band Two Hours Traffic released on Bumstead Records on July 24 2007. The album was produced by Joel Plaskett and recorded in Halifax and Toronto.Guitarist Alec O'Hanley explained the Little Jabs reference: The title is meant to be about that point in a relationship where you’re more and more curt with one another... And in song it’s meant to be little blasts—jabs—in these three-minute pop songs.
 The Fool Circle is the twelfth studio album by the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth released in February 1981. Cocaine was a live cover of the song written by J. J. Cale and recorded in 1977 by Eric Clapton. A remastered CD was released in 2002 that included seven bonus tracks.
 No Surprises/Running from Demons is the fourth extended play (EP) by English rock group Radiohead released in December 1997. The EP was aimed at the Japanese market to promote the band's Japan tour of January 1998.
 The Manson Family Album was intended to be Marilyn Manson's first studio album and is a precursor to Portrait of an American Family. It is composed of the original takes and alternate mixes of songs that would later be found on the band's debut and due to the many differences between it and its final form it can be considered an album unto itself.The album's title is a reference to serial killer Charles Manson's band The Manson Family.
 Mack Daddy is the third album by Sir Mix-a-Lot and his first album with a Parental Advisory label. It was released on February 4 1992 on Def American Recordings. The album is particularly notable for the hit single Baby Got Back.
 Mother Juno is a 1987 album released by The Gun Club.It was produced by Robin Guthrie of the Cocteau Twins.
 This Ole Boy is the sixth studio album by American country music singer Craig Morgan. It was released on Black River Entertainment on February 28 2012.
 Satelit is the first EP by the Serbian rock band Smak released in 1976.
 Disappear Here is the title of the third release by English metal band Peach released in 1992. It was originally released as a 3-track tape cassette and is now extremely rare.
 El Ritmo de la Vida is an album from Puerto Rican Christian singer Julissa It was released on August 14 2007.
 In Deep is the third album by Australian singer Tina Arena released by Columbia Records in Australia on 18 August 1997 (see 1997 in music). In Deep was recorded in Los Angeles with production duties divided between Foreigner guitarist Mick Jones (who produced albums for Van Halen and Billy Joel) and David Tyson (who collaborated with Arena on Don't Ask).
 Barefoot (the acoustic ep) is the ninth studio album by recording artist Ron Bumblefoot Thal released in December 2008. Barefoot is the first collection of acoustic recordings by Thal. The CD contains re-interpretations of his own songs in both instrumental and vocal versions in an intimate and unplugged style.
 Down released in November 1996 on Century Media records is the fourth album by Sentenced. It is also the first album including the vocalist Ville Laihiala. This album marks the band's progression from melodic death metal to gothic metal.
 Before I Self Destruct is the fourth studio album by American rapper 50 Cent released November 9 2009 on Interscope Records Shady Records and Aftermath Entertainment in the United States. It is his final solo release for his current contract with Interscope Records Shady Records and Aftermath Entertainment excluding a greatest hits album. A feature film also titled Before I Self Destruct was also made and is available within the album packaging.
 La Gare de Troyes is a concept album by the French progressive rock band Ange it was also a play and a ballet. It was released in 1983.
 Interlude is the third studio album by Northern Irish musician songwriter and record producer David Lyttle.
 Wide-Eyed and Ignorant is the fourth album from Irish rock band A House. It features the single Here Come the Good Times which was A House's only entry in the UK Top 40 at number 40.Personnel: Fergal Bunbury guitar; Dave Couse vocals guitar; Dave Dawson drums; Martin Healy bass; Susan Kavanagh backing vocals; David Morrissey keyboards backing vocals. Edwyn Collins produced and played Spanish guitar harmonica and extra keyboards. All songs by A House.
 Players is the second studio album by Too Short recorded and released in 1985.
 Lifestories is a 2003 studio album by DB Boulevard vocalist Moony. The album included 3 released singles Dove (I'll Be Loving You) Acrobats (looking for balance) and Flying Away. It's produced by Italian music production company Airplane Records. It's her debut album as a solo artist.
 Karaoke Superstars is the first major release album by the Christian rock band Superchick. Before being signed to Inpop Records the album was released independently. It did not include the three final remix tracks and featured different cover art. One Girl Revolution has been featured in several films including Cadet Kelly and Legally Blonde. Barlow Girls is a tribute to fellow CCM peers BarlowGirl.
 Fiesta is the album by French europop singer Miranda released in November 1999 by Universal Records in Europe.
 So Fresh: The Hits of Summer 2004 Plus the Best of 2003 is a compilation album featuring songs from various artists in many genres. Songs were picked from some of the most popular during the summer of 2003 plus a few most popular songs from 2004.
 State of Mind was the second studio album from the Canadian band Wave. It was released October 15 2002 on Warner Music Canada. The recording was their last album before the duo disbanded in 2003. The album had two singles Don't Say Sarah and State of Mind. Both were released on December 10 2002. The album charted at #56 on Canadian Albums Chart. The album charted at a lower performance than Wave's debut album (which charted #29 on Canadian Albums Chart).
 Zemfira.Live is a Zemfira album.
 Gold is the second album by Starflyer 59. Just like their first album the title of the second album was based on the gold cover chosen for the album's cover. It was originally released in 1995. In 2005 it was reissued with five bonus tracks from the band's Goodbyes Are Sad 7 inch single and Le Vainqueur EP.
 The Painful Art of Letting Go is the first full length album from St. Louis rock band Cavo. The album was released on June 25 2008.
 Ultraelectromagneticpop! (officially written as ultraelectromagneticpop!) is the debut studio album of the Filipino alternative rock band Eraserheads released by Sony BMG Music Philippines Inc. (Formerly BMG Records Pilipinas Inc.) in 1993.
 The Foundation The Machine The Ascension is the second studio album by American post rock band Constants. It was released in 2009 in CD and 3LP format.
 Lost in Light Rotation is the sixth studio album from theindiepop band Tullycraft. After a three year hiatus the album was the band’s first since 2007’s Every Scene Needs A Center.All five band members (Tollefson Fell Munford Mears and Hale) reunited for the album and the band began the recording process during the summer of 2012. Tracking began with engineer Pete Remine at Dubtrain studio in Seattle.
 Juice is the soundtrack to the 1992 crime drama film Juice. It was released on December 31 1991 through MCA Records and consisted mainly of hip hop music. The soundtrack was a success making it to #17 on the Billboard 200 and #3 on the Top R&B Albums and featured four charting singles Uptown Anthem Juice (Know the Ledge) Don't Be Afraid and Is It Good to You. Juice was certified gold by the RIAA on March 4 1992.
 The Frank Sinatra Timex Show: Here's To The Ladies was a 1960 television special starring Frank Sinatra Lena Horne Mary Costa Barbara Heller Eleanor Roosevelt and Juliet Prowse. It was Sinatra's third special for ABC and Timex and was broadcast on February 15th 1960.
 The Greatest Hits ia a compilation album by the Canadian Rock band Toronto released in 1984. Tha album features two new studio tracks: Andrea and Me Generation. The CD release features the bonus track What About Love as well as music videos for three songs.
 The Jester Race is the second studio album by melodic death metal band In Flames. It is the first album to feature Anders Fridén as the band's vocalist and Björn Gelotte as the drummer. A video for the song Artifacts of the Black Rain was also released. It was also the first album to feature the Jester Head the band's mascot.After releasing The Jester Race the band then toured with Samael Grip Inc. and Kreator.
 Awake -Evoke the Urge- is the second studio album by metal band Deathgaze. It is the first full length album featuring Ai as their vocalist and Kosuke as their new bassist.In support of the new album the band is touring nationwide in Japan from November 2008 to March 2009. This is their second major tour.
 When It Was Done is an album by Brazilian keyboardist Walter Wanderley featuring performances recorded in 1968 and released on the CTI label.
 Live Bait for the Dead is a live album by Cradle of Filth recorded at Nottingham Rock City on 14 April 2001. The same gig is included on the DVD Heavy Left-Handed and Candid. Following the same format as Lovecraft & Witch Hearts the main album is supplemented by a second disc of rare tracks and remixes. This would be bassist Robin Eaglestone's final recorded appearance. The album was released and (uniquely so far) distributed on the band's own Abracadaver label.
 Remixes is a remix album from Phenomenal Handclap Band. It is a compilation of songs remixed from their first full-length album Phenomenal Handclap Band.
 Tomatteita Tokei ga Ima Ugokidashita (止まっていた時計が今動き出した The Stopped Watch Moved Now) is the tenth album of Zard and was released on January 28 2004. The album was certified platinum in 2011.
 The Prestige is the seventh album by Danish death metal band Illdisposed.
 Ruff Ryders: Past Present Future is the fifth compilation album from American hip hop record label Ruff Ryders Entertainment released on November 21 2011.
 Uzi (unofficially subtitled The Rape Of Palestine) is a CD compilation of the Muslimgauze albums Uzi and The Rape of Palestine. The unofficial subtitle is used to distinguish between this album and Uzi.This CD is wrongly indexed between tracks 16 and 17 so that track 17 is not The Power Of The Word but is instead the second part of Ways Of Faith. The real The Power Of The Word that was included in The Rape Of Palestine 12 is missing in this release.
 Money Can't Buy was a one-off invitation only concert in support of Kylie Minogue's 2003 album Body Language held at the Hammersmith Apollo in London England. This event cost £1 million to stage and tickets were not available for sale. The concert was later released on DVD under the name Body Language Live.
 Ultimate Dolly Parton is a compilation album by American country music artist Dolly Parton. It was released by RCA Records on June 3 2003. The album peaked at number 20 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Superstar Nora Aunor is the fourth studio album by Filipino singer-actress Nora Aunor released in 1971 by Alpha Records Corporation in the Philippines in LP format and later released in 1999 in a compilation/ cd format. The album contains 12 tracks among them is Superstar which was also popularized by The Carpenters in 1971.
 Syberia is the seventh album by the Spanish alternative metal band Hamlet. It is the first album with bassist Álvaro Tenorio.
 Diary of a G is an album from rapper Mr. Capone-E released on August 25 2009 through his own record label Hi-Power Entertainment. Mr. Capone-E produced Diary of a G with co-producer Fingazz. Diary of a G is a two-disc set with the album plus the DVD; the DVD shows all the steps Mr. Capone-E takes to make the album. The DVD features artists such as Lil Eazy-E Lil Rob Snoop Dogg The Game Mr. Criminal Prima J (Boxer) Amrkhan and more. The album features artist's such as Snoop Dogg Mr.
 The Yellow The Purple & The Nancy is a 1982 album by Sister Nancy Purpleman Yellowman and Fathead. The musicians were the Hi-Times Band.
 One Wrench is Avail's fifth studio album and their first full-length album released on Fat Wreck Chords from 2000.
 La Yein Fonda is a live album by the Chilean band Los Tres.
 Hurrah Hurrah Apocalypse – The Definitive Video Collection is a DVD containing almost all videoclips by the Swedish band Army of Lovers except When the Night is Cold the first single and the two live-videos of Baby's Got a Neutron Bomb and Love Me Like a Loaded Gun. Also none of the videos of Barbie the former project of Army of Lovers were released on the collection.
 Glen Campbell Christmas contains seven tracks from That Christmas Feeling (1968) Silent Night from The Christmas Sound of Music (1969) O Holy Night from Christmas for the '90s Vol.2 (1990) and the 1972 I Believe in Christmas which first appeared on The Wonderful World of Christmas (1976).
 Lifea Blinec is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams which was released on the Arista Novus label in 1978 and features performances by Abrams Joseph Jarman Douglas Ewart Amina Claudine Myers and Thurman Barker.
 SRC was the eponymous debut studio album by SRC released in November 1968 on Capitol Records. This would be the only album that Robin Dale would play on as he left shortly after this album was released.
 The Strong One is the second studio album by American country music artist Mila Mason released in 1998 (see 1998 in country music) on Atlantic Records Nashville. Like her debut album it was produced by Blake Mevis.Her second and final album for the label it produced two minor chart hits on both the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts and the Canadian RPM Top Country Tracks charts.
 The Head Shop is a psychedelic rock band from New York that released one eponymous album on Epic in 1969. The album cover features a swirling group of multi-colored (and numbered) boxes that surround a black-and-white image of a shrunken head. The back cover is mostly black with minimal copy but also includes a shot of the band lit from beneath.
 Party til You Puke is the second EP released by Andrew W.K. in October of 2000. It is an electronic-based album unlike its guitar based predecessor AWKGOJ. It was initially released on vinyl by Bulb Records later being released on CD in the United States by Bulb Records as well as Academy Records (a record label established just for the release by Bulb founder Pete Larson) and in Japan by P-Vine Records.
 Girls and Boys is the second studio album from American pop singer Ingrid Michaelson. It was self released on May 16 2006. A few songs of the album have been featured in the television series Grey's Anatomy. Michaelson's record label Cabin 24 Records re-released the album on September 18 2007.
 BBC Sessions / Live at Reading Festival '86 is a live compilation album by the British heavy metal band Saxon. It was recorded live in studio by the famous British record producer Tony Wilson for the BBC Radio 1 shows of the early 80s and at the 1986 Reading Festival where Saxon were the headliners.
 Golden State is the fourth studio album by British post-grunge band Bush released in 2001. Stylistically it was seen as a return to the post-grunge that Bush became famous for in contrast to their more recent experimental work. However it ended up being their worst-selling album to date not even reaching the Platinum status their other albums did. This would also prove to be the last album to feature Nigel Pulsford and Dave Parsons.
 Here is an album from Lost And Found released in 2009 recorded during soundchecks and in hotels while on tour. The included songs are: Ears Here Incense My Song is Love Unknown Neighbor 2 Things Creed Hope Incense (slow) Ears (flowy) Here (strummy) Just GeorgeThe album also includes sheet music lyrics and chords for all the original songs.
 B-Sides is a 2 disc compilation album by the British glam rock band Slade released in March 2007. This was the first time many of the songs included on the album were released since the early 1970s.The album peaked at No. 263 for 2007 on rateyourmusic.Since the late 1980s the Slade fan club had confirmed that a possible project was the release of a b-side compilation although this never materialised.'Good Time Gals' (B-Side of the single 'Everyday') is missing in this collection.
 Some Racing Some Stopping is an album by Headlights released on March 6 2008. The band embarked on a US tour with Evangelicals in support of the album.
 Blue Cave or In Blue Cave was the Australian rock group Hoodoo Gurus' seventh studio album. The album was nominated for 'Best Pop Release' at the 1996 ARIA Awards.
 Collections is a greatest hits album by Canadian country music artist Charlie Major. It was released by Sony BMG Canada on November 28 2006.
 Rapture is the seventeenth album released by Johnny Mathis. It is his fourteenth original studio album with three compilations of hit singles having been released by him at this point.
 Wait Till You See Her is an album by guitarist John Abercrombie with violinist Mark Feldman bassist Thomas Morgan and drummer Joey Baron recorded in 2008 and released on the ECM label.
 The 2006 Tour CD is a self-released album by Akron/Family. It consists of various songs and field recordings created by the band between 2002 and 2005 and was sold exclusively during Akron/Family's 2006 tour. The packaging consists of a green (or pink) disc in transparent wax paper with a tracklist insert. The recording was limited to 1000 copies.
 游戏鸡 is Taiwanese artist Jolin Tsai's (Chinese: 蔡依林) seventh studio album. It was released on 25 April 2005 by Sony Music Taiwan. Two editions of the albums were released with Bonus VCD/DVD containing 10 music videos. This is the last original studio album of Jolin's released by Sony Music Taiwan before her move to EMI Music Taiwan. The track 野蛮鸡遊戲 (游戏鸡) was nominated for Top 10 Gold Songs at the Hong Kong TVB8 Awards presented by television station TVB8 in 2005.
 Live at the Wiltern is the second live album recorded by Crosby Pevar and Raymond (CPR).
 Plan of Action is the third full-length album by Ska band The Kingpins on the Stomp record label. It is also the final recording the band made before its breakup in 2004.
 Farewell to Paradise (1973) is the fourth and final solo album by Emitt Rhodes. An eclectic mixture of rock pop jazz-funk and soul.Those That Die is the B-side of Tame The Lion single a furious anti-war song. Tame the Lion has a fast tempo and Those That Die uses part of the lyrics from the bridge of Tame the Lion but at a slow tempo and chords from a minor key.
 Nositel Idey (Cyrillic: Носитель Идей; translation: The Carrier of Ideas) is the fourth studio album by Technology. One music video was made for this album: Дивный Новый Мир(Brave New World).
 Riding the Wave is a 2004 album by The Blanks. It features both original songs by the band and cover versions of other songs most of which were performed on the TV series Scrubs. It also features candid recordings of the cast and production team of Scrubs (marked on the track listing as CR). Sam Lloyd was written into the script for the all 9 seasons of Scrubs. The album cover jokes that these recordings are used without [the cast and crew's] knowledge or permission.
 Blue is an album by guitarist Terje Rypdal and The Chasers bassist Bjørn Kjellemyr and drummer Audun Kleive recorded in 1985 and released on the ECM label.
 Hot August Night/NYC is a DVD release from Neil Diamond released on August 14 2009. The DVD features songs from Diamond's four shows at Madison Square Garden during his 2008 tour. An accompanying 2-CD album was released at the same time.An edited hour-long special featuring songs from this DVD was shown on CBS on the night of the disc's release.
 Lambent Material is the first album from Portland Oregon ambient musician Matthew Cooper under the name Eluvium. Emily Wahl plays clarinet on There Wasn't Anything. All other instruments on the album played by Cooper.
 Vasos Vacíos (Spanish for Empty Glasses) is the 8th album and first compilation album by the Argentine rock ska and reggae band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs (Spanish for The Fabulous Cadillacs).
 Earth A.D./Wolfs Blood is the last album released by American horror punk band Misfits to feature founding member and lead vocalist Glenn Danzig. Danzig released it on his Plan 9 label in December 1983 two months after he played his last concert with the band. It was noticeably harder and faster than their previous releases.
 Worship is Michael W. Smith's sixteenth album and is a live album released during the September 11 2001 attacks on Reunion Records. This is Smith's first album of contemporary worship music.
 Then Again: A Retrospective is a 1998 compilation album by Martha and the Muffins. Although credited to the band's original name it includes songs from both the full name and M + M phases of the band's career.The album contains one new song Resurrection one of only two new tracks released by the band between their 1992 album Modern Lullaby and the 2010 album Delicate (album).
 Ahead of Their Time is a live album by The Mothers of Invention. It was recorded at the Royal Festival Hall London England on October 25 1968 and released in 1993 on CD by Barking Pumpkin. It was subsequently reissued on Rykodisc in 1995.
 Sixty Six Steps is the second studio album from Leo Kottke and Mike Gordon. It was released on August 23 2005.
 20/20 is a studio album by George Benson released on the Warner Bros. record label in 1985. The lead single by the same name reached #48 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA. You Are the Love of My Life was a duet with Roberta Flack. Also included on 20/20 is the original version of the song Nothing's Gonna Change My Love for You which would later become a smash hit for Hawaiian singer Glenn Medeiros.
 The College Kicked-Out is the debut album from American rapper/producer Danny! (see 2004 in music). Originally slated for an October 12 release date The College Kicked-Out finally saw the light of day on November 2 after being delayed by bootlegging.
 Songs for the Wrong is Dave Brockie Experience's second studio album released in the year 2003.
 Numbers is the second album from Los Angeles-based punk rock band The Briggs.
 Across the Borderline is a 1993 album by Willie Nelson. It was produced by Don Was Paul Simon and Roy Halee. It includes songs written by Paul Simon John Hiatt Peter Gabriel Bob Dylan Lyle Lovett and Nelson himself. Featured performers include Bonnie Raitt David Crosby and Kris Kristofferson.The title track Across the Borderline was written by Ry Cooder John Hiatt and Jim Dickinson.
 Happiness is the first album released by pop-folk band The Weepies. It was released independently by the band on November 29 2003.
 As Was (also styled AsWas) is an EP by Manfred Mann (shown as Manfred Mann with Paul Jones) released in 1966. The EP is a 7-inch vinyl record and released in mono with the catalogue number His Master's Voice-EMI 7EG 8962.
 Greatest Hits Volume One is the first studio album released by Canadian dance-remix trio The Boomtang Boys. Hits on this album included Squeeze Toy and Pictures both of which feature the vocals of Kim Esty. Greatest Hits did well in Canada achieving gold status in sales.
 Awel Mara (First time) is an album by Diana Haddad.
 The Lone Ranger: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the film score for the Walt Disney Pictures film The Lone Ranger by Hans Zimmer released on CD and digital download on July 2 2013 by Walt Disney Records. The physical release was in association with Intrada Records.Walt Disney Records also released a separate soundtrack and concept album titled The Lone Ranger: Wanted – Music Inspired by the Film by various artists on 2 July.
 Answers is the 25th album by jazz fusion group Casiopea released in 1994.
 Landing Gear is Devin the Dude's fifth studio album. It was released on October 7 2008. It was his first studio album since signing with the label Razor & Tie. It features a high-profile guest appearance from Snoop Dogg. As of October 30 2008 the album has sold 18906 copies.
 Big Up Clash was the second release of Ska punk bands Shootin' Goon and Lubby Nugget Featuring five tracks from Goon with influences ranging from punk rock to traditional ska and rocksteady including a cover version of Lubby Nugget's Flesh Pimp.
 Static Nocturne is a limited edition mini-album from Portland OR ambient musician Matthew Cooper under the name Eluvium following the release of his EP Leaves Eclipse the Light. This mini-album is the first Eluvium album to be self-released on his own label Watership Sounds and is available for purchase officially from his own webstore.The album is limited to 200 hand assembled copies.
 My Roaring 20's Acoustic is a studio album by rock group Cheap Girls. It is an acoustic version of their 2009 release My Roaring 20's. It was released digitally on January 14 2013 on Quote Unquote Records. Dan Jaquint was the engineer and also mixed the album. It was mastered in 2013 by Rick Johnson at his Cold War Studios.
 The Telluride Sessions is an album recorded by five acoustic-music instrumentalists under the name Strength in Numbers and released in 1989 on MCA Records Nashville. The five members are: Sam Bush Jerry Douglas Béla Fleck Mark O'Connor and Edgar Meyer. The album is progressive bluegrass with jazz structures but also adds elements from classical music as well.
 Live from Deep Ellum is an EP of live recordings by Christian rock band Stavesacre. The five live songs are taken from the same show as their live DVD they released.
 Bufalo Bill is an album of Italian singer-songwriter Francesco De Gregori. It was released in 1976 by RCA Italia. The title is an intentional misspelling of Buffalo Bill's name: buffalo is often rendered in Italian as bufalo although specifically defining a different animal in that language.The cover is a portrait by American artist Gil Elvgren from a 1948 magazine.
 Forbidden City Tour (French: La tournée de la Cité interdite Chinese: 紫禁城游览; pinyin: Zǐjinchéng yóulǎn) is an East Coast Music Award (ECMA)-winning album by the New Brunswick Youth Orchestra (NBYO) released in 2007 (see 2007 in music). It was recorded in summer of 2007 at the Forbidden City in Beijing China and released on October 28 2007 at Fredericton High School and is the third album released by the youth orchestra. ALL TRACKS CONDUCTED BY PRINCIPAL CONDUCTOR Dr. James Mark.
 Vertigo is an album by American saxophonist Jackie McLean recorded in 1962 and 1963 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1980.
 Hits 93 Volume 3 is a 22-track compilation album which charted on 14 August 1993 and was released by Telstar Records in association with BMG. The release was subtitled 22 Hot Summer Hits.The album was the third volume of four released in 1993 collecting the biggest hits of the year much like the original The Hits Album collections which were originally issued between 1984 and 1991.
 Meet the Residents is the debut studio album by the American avant-garde group The Residents released on April 1 1974 through Ralph Records.
 Mr. Big is the self-titled debut album by the American hard rock supergroup Mr. Big. Produced by Kevin Elson and Val Garay the album proved a partial commercial success reaching the 46th slot on the Billboard 200 chart. Lead-off single Addicted to that Rush featuring the band's aggressive guitar and bass playing also brought the group some mainstream attention reaching the #39 slot on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.Several of the songs from the album became live staples of the band.
 Zipper Catches Skin is the 14th studio album by Alice Cooper released in 1982.Produced by Cooper and his bassist at the time Erik Scott Zipper Catches Skin is musically known for its dry and energetic pop-rock style with punk rock and post-punk influences and less emphasis on hard riffs carrying on a similar musical direction of the preceding Special Forces with sonically slicker and clearer results. Lyrically Cooper employed a much stronger focus on comical sarcasm.
 One Way...Or Another is the second album by American hard rock band Cactus released in 1971 under the Atco label. It includes several original songs as well as two cover versions: Little Richard's 1956 big hit Long Tall Sally (also recorded by Elvis Presley) and Chuck Willis' It Feels So Bad.
 Me is the debut album by London-based band Buck Brothers released in the United Kingdom in March 2007 and the United States in October 2007. On 5 March 2007 to commemorate the album's UK release the band broke the Guinness World Record for the most gigs performed in 12 hours.In October 2007 the album entered the CMJ Top 200 chart in the USA.
 Live At Vicar Street is a live album recorded by The Dubliners at a concert at Vicar Street in Dublin on Sunday 23 July 2006 as part of their Irish tour. A DVD and double CD of the concert were released. Ceoladh Sheahan joined her father and the band on stage for a rendition of The Marino Waltz. This was the first of the band's albums to feature Patsy Watchorn who replaced Paddy Reilly after nine years with the group.
 Kwanza is an album by Archie Shepp released on Impulse! in 1974. The album contains tracks recorded from September 1968 to August 1969 by Shepp with four different ensembles. The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states Kwanza may not be one of Shepp's better known recordings but it is certainly one of his fine ones.
 Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by American R&B/soul singer Luther Vandross released in 1999 (see 1999 in music).
 The World Has Made Me the Man of My Dreams is the seventh studio album by the American musician Meshell Ndegeocello. The album was released in August 2007. Five of the tracks were previously released on Meshell's 2006 EP The Article 3.In the U.S The World Has Made Me The Man Of My Dreams peaked at #186 on the Billboard 200 Albums chart and #60 on Billboard's Top R&B Album chart.
 Solo Sessions is a posthumous release of solo guitar recordings by Chet Atkins released in 2003.
 Sweetnighter is Weather Report's fourth album released on Columbia Records in 1973. The group had recorded the songs in a five day stretch during February of the same year. It was to be the last album to feature founding member Miroslav Vitouš as the primary bassist. It is considered to be the most stylistically transitional release by the band as it bridged the gap between the more open improvisational earlier style to a more compositionally structured format.
 The Essential Ramblin' Jack Elliott is a compilation album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott released in 1976. It was originally issued as a double LP including Elliot's only Vanguard release Jack Elliott and other live tracks. The album was reissued on CD in 1998.
 Ukulele Songs From the North Devon Coast is an EP by the British singer/songwriter Darren Hayman. The second in a series of EPs chronicling Hayman's favourite holiday spots it was released by Static Caravan in 2006.
 Desolation Angels is a 1979 album by the hard rock band Bad Company. It was their 5th studio release.
 The Flowering is a live album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd performed in France and Norway by the Charles Lloyd Quartet featuring Keith Jarrett Cecil McBee and Jack DeJohnette.
 All in Time is the debut album by Canadian singer-songwriter Jim Cuddy. It was released by WEA on September 8 1998. The album peaked at number 38 on the RPM Top Albums chart.
 Fly is the fourth album by classical crossover soprano Sarah Brightman. It is her second album with producer Frank Peterson and features collaborations with Tom Jones Chris Thompson and Andrew Eldritch.
 Ministry of Sound Sessions Three is a dance music compilation album and the third installment of the Australian Ministry of Sound sessions series which started back in 2004. There are a total of 40 tracks spread across the two discs. The Discs were mixed by John Course and Goodwill. This was Goodwills first appearance in the Sessions series while it was the third straight appearance for John Course.
 Matt Sharp is a self titled debut from former Weezer bassist and former The Rentals frontman Matt Sharp. The album is notable for featuring no electric guitar synths or percussion. Instead lap steel acoustic guitar piano and organ are the only accompaniment to Sharp's vocals. The album was recorded in Tennessee.
 To the Max is a 1982 album released by Vallejo California R&B/soul band Con Funk Shun. This album included several of the band's early 1980s hits such as Ain't Nobody Baby and Ms. Got-the-Body. However perhaps one of the most enduring tracks featured on the album is a tune that was never actually released as a single; the slow jam Love's Train is widely considered a classic in the R&B world as well as one of the band's best-known songs.[citation needed]
 Instant Vintage is the debut solo album of American R&B and neo soul musician Raphael Saadiq. It serves as Saadiq's first full-length solo album after spending much of his post-Tony! Toni! Toné! career as session player and producer. Primarily a neo soul album it also exhibits musical styles such as funk and quiet storm. The title reflects the old-school style that Saadiq has adopted for the album.
 Streamline' is a studio album by Lee Greenwood released on August 5 1985. It was number one on US Country charts.
 Dedicated to Chaos is the twelfth studio album by American progressive metal band Queensrÿche. The album was released first in Japan on June 21 2011 and a week later in the United States on June 28 2011 and is the band's first album for Roadrunner Records' Loud & Proud label.Like the 2009 release American Soldier Dedicated to Chaos was recorded by Queensrÿche as a quartet; Parker Lundgren who was a guest guitarist in this album subsequently became a permanent member of the band.
 Slow Hole to China: Rare and Unreleased is an album by rock band Clutch consisting of various previously-unreleased recordings. It was released in 2003 (see 2003 in music) and contains 12 tracks. The album was released on CD by River Road Records and 3000 copies were printed on 12 vinyl by Emetic Records. 2000 of these were regular black vinyl while 1000 were red marble. Clutch released a remastered version of the album with 3 bonus tracks on April 28.
 A Journey's End is the second album of the Irish black metal band Primordial.
 Sea From Shore is the debut album by David Brewis' solo project School Of Language. The group was created by Brewis during Field Music's 2007-2009 hiatus during which the two Brewis brothers Peter & David Brewis went off to pursue wider musical interests not under the Field Music umbrella. Poor Boy and Rockist were released as singles the latter with a video.
 Vremya reka (Russian: Время Река) is an album by Dima Bilan released in 2006.
 Tír na nÓg is the first album by Irish band Tír na nÓg. It was released on May 1971 in the United Kingdom by Chrysalis Records and distributed by Island Records but was not published in the United States because Leo O'Kelly and Sonny Condell refused to record a cover of Bob Dylan's Maggie's Farm for the album a song they regularly played live.German and Spanish presses of the LP have an Island label although the Chrysalis logo also appears on them.
 Canticle of the Plains is a musical written by songwriters Rich Mullins Mitch McVicker and Beaker which is based on the life of St. Francis of Assisi.The story centers on a character named Frank a nineteenth-century cowboy and his travels through the Midwest after returning home from fighting in the Civil War. Frank then meets Buzz a former slave in a burned out church in Lawrence Kansas and Ivory in a saloon. Frank also runs into a childhood friend in the saloon named Clare.
 Voltaïc refers to five separate releases of related material from singer-songwriter Björk's sixth studio album Volta. The full version of the release will include a CD of 11 songs performed live at the Olympic Studios a DVD of Björk's live performances in Paris and Reykjavík during the Volta tour a second DVD of the Volta music videos as well as videos of the top ten runners-up from the Innocence video contest and a second CD of remixes from Volta's singles.
 This is the 9th CD in the popular kids' series Kidz Bop. Kidz Bop 9 peaked at number 2 in the Billboard 200.
 Love Lies In Ashes EP is the first EP by American deathcore band Carnifex. It was sel-released at the end of 2006; being sold exclusively at shows. On March 13 2007 online stores such as Itunes and Amazon started selling the MP3 version.
 Wilory Farm is the 1998 album by Terri Hendrix.
 This Way Up is singer Chris de Burgh's eleventh original album released in 1994.
 Live at Third Man Records West is a live EP by the alternative rock band The Dead Weather.
 Collaborations is a compilation album released by Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor in 2005. The album contains songs recorded throughout O'Connor's career on which she collaborated with a variety of artists spanning several different genres of music. Many of these tracks appeared on the albums of the artists with whom O'Connor performs. The tracks Empire and Heroine also appear on So Far... The Best of Sinéad O'Connor released in 1997.
 The Sweet's Biggest Hits is a 1972 greatest hits album by Sweet.
 Everybody Dance is a compilation album of recordings by American R&B band Chic released by Rhino Records/Warner Music in 1995. NB. Sound quality: AAD.
 Could We Survive is an EP from singer-songwriter/multi-instrumentalist Joseph Arthur. The EP was released in the US on March 18 2008. Could We Survive is the first in a series of four EPs released in anticipation for the release of Joseph's seventh studio album Temporary People on September 30. From Billboard.com:The title track Could We Survive appeared in the House M.D. episode Lucky Thirteen which first aired on October 21 2008.
 Best of Gloucester County is the eighth full length album by New Jersey indie rock band Danielson.
 Dhá Phingin Spré (No Dowry) is the second music album by Irish musician Maighread Ní Dhomhnaill. It was released in both Ireland and contintenal Europe in 1991.
 Rockland is the third solo album from Canadian singer and guitarist Kim Mitchell. The album was released in 1989 and is certified double platinum in Canada.
 The Magnificent Duke is the debut studio album by Scottish conceptual rock duo Marmaduke Duke released on April 14 2005 on Captains of Industry. The album initially had a limited run of 4000 copies. Each song has the word 'and' in the title like A Fox and a Cake.
 Hold Tight It's Lena is the seventh and final album by Scottish singer Lena Zavaroni released in 1982 by BBC Records.
 Wailing With Lou is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson released on the Blue Note label in 1957 featuring performances by Donaldson's Quintet with Donald Byrd Herman Foster Peck Morrison and Art Taylor.The Allmusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine awarded the album 4 stars and states There's nothing out of the ordinary here — just hard-driving bop and sensitive ballads which are sure to please fans of the style.
 Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album to the 2011 film of the same name. Hans Zimmer collaborated again with Lorne Balfe to produce the score. It was released on 13 December 2011 three days before the film was released itself.Musically the album is influenced by classical and Romani music.While reading page five of the script Zimmer came to a part about a Gypsy fortuneteller.
 Chance Meeting is an album by jazz guitarists Tal Farlow and Lenny Breau released in 1997.
 The Hits is the first greatest hits album (fifth overall) by American R&B singer Kelis released on March 11 2008 by Jive Records and Legacy Recordings in the United States and Virgin Records worldwide.
 Laughter In The Rain is a 1974 British album by American pop star Neil Sedaka. It was released in the UK in 1974 on the Polydor label. The album was recorded in the US at Clover Recording Studios in Hollywood over the course of several sessions from November-December 1973. [1]Several songs from this album were imported into the United States for the Rocket album Sedaka's Back in the fall of 1974.
 Judge and the Devil is the anthology of Wild Willy Barrett; released in 2007 it comprises album and single tracks and previously unreleased live and demo cuts.
 Ashes is the debut album by the British Death/doom band The Prophecy. It was released in 2003 to coincide with the first date of the doomination of Europe tour. The album was later picked up by Blackdoom records.
 Manifest is Impaled Nazarene's 10th full-length studio album.
 Global Underground 020: Darren Emerson Singapore is a DJ mix album in the Global Underground series compiled and mixed by Darren Emerson. The Mix is a retrospective look at a New Year's Eve set at the Zouk club in Singapore.Emerson returns to GU having become a prolific globetrotter in his post-Underworld era. Here he chooses to represent the exciting nightlife of Singapore based around the legendary Zouk nightclub.
 The Sheriff is an album by American jazz group the Modern Jazz Quartet featuring performances recorded in 1963 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Touched by a Polka is an album by Jimmy Sturr released through Rounder Records on August 15 2000. In 2001 the album won Sturr the Grammy Award for Best Polka Album.
 Bring on the Snakes (2001) is the second proper full-length album recorded by the indie rock band Crooked Fingers. The album was recorded and produced in Fall 2000 in Pittsboro NC by Brian Paulson and was released in February 2001.
 Passion: One Day Live is the 2000 album recorded live at the annual One Day 2000 in Memphis TN.
 Lite Me Up! is the thirty-third album by jazz pianist Herbie Hancock in 1982. It would be the last of his disco/pop albums.
 Once Bitten... is the first album of British-Norwegian Hard rock supergroup The Snakes released in August 1998.The album was produced by TNT guitarist Ronni Le Tekrø and engineered by TNT touring keyboardist Dag Stokke.It was the band's first and only album under the name The Snakes as later albums were released as The Company of Snakes which featured founding members Bernie Marsden and Micky Moody with a completely new line-up.
 Büyük Düşler (Great Dreams) is the fifth studio album of Turkish Alternative rock band Mor ve Ötesi. It was released on May 9 2006. This is an album mainly dealing with the political problems of Turkey and the personal problems of the group members including loss of family members and relationships. It has a darker tone than their previous albums. The first video was for the song Şirket (Corporation) a song criticising capitalism.
 The Book of David is the eighth studio album by American rapper and producer DJ Quik released April 19 2011 on Mad Science and Fontana Distribution.The album debuted at fifty five on the US Billboard 200 chart selling 9700 copies in its first week in the United States.
 Here Comes My Baby is an album by country music singer Dottie West in 1965. This album was Dottie West's first studio album under RCA records. She originally signed with the label a year before while recording a Top 10 Country hit with Jim Reeves an a Top 40 single of her own. She then co-wrote and released a new single in 1964 entitled Here Comes My Baby which became a Top 10 Country hit in 1964.
 Collector's Item is an EP by the heavy metal band King Diamond. It is a collector's item shaped in a form of a head.
 Off the Record is a 1988 EP CD by The Dregs. It is a limited edition promotional item for Ensoniq released as a disc single. Notably the recording of Leprechaun Promenade is the first studio recording of the song; the first actual recording was of a live performance.
 Live & More EP is a Japanese-only EP release by XTC. It was issued on April 21 1981 on Virgin/Victor Records. Released as one of Victor's Pic Label series (so called because the labels are as big as six inches in diameter and have pictures printed on them). This Japan-only mini LP gathers seven non-LP tracks from British singles released during the Black Sea era.
 Roots Revolution is the independent-label debut album from Canadian CCM band Newworldson. The album won the 2007 Gospel Music Association Canada Covenant Award for Folk/Roots Album Of The Year. The accompanying DVD received a 2007 GMAC nomination for DVD Of The Year. Roots Revolution was also nominated as the Contemporary Christian/Gospel Album Of The Year at the Juno Awards of 2008.The lyrics and music were written by Joel Parisien.
 Long May You Run J. Tillman is J. Tillman's second album. It was originally released in limited edition of 150 copies through Keep Recordings. In 2007 it was re-released together with I Will Return on Fargo Records as a double-CD.
 On This Day ... Live At The Vanguard was an album recorded live at the famous Village Vanguard by Joe Lovano with his award-winning nonet.
 Wildside was an album released in September 1987 by the Canadian rock band Loverboy. This was the first album that the band had released that did not go platinum signaling a general decline in the band's success.Although the band had enjoyed a hit single the previous year with the song Heaven In Your Eyes which was featured in the soundtrack for the film Top Gun it was not included in the track listing for this album.
 Heredero de tu Amor (Spanish: Inheritor of Your Love) is a promotional studio album by Chilean politician Jorge Vargas González released on September 11 2004. The album was produced by Cristóbal. Its main song Heredero de tu Amor received high airplay in Chile.Vargas released Heredero de tu Amor shortly before the 2004 Chilean municipal election and it was given for free during his public speeches and performances.
 Minx is the fourth full-length album by English punk band Leatherface. Though regarded as a lesser album than its predecessor Mush it was still generally well received many reviews citing its strength as a stand alone album.
 George Jones Sings the Great Songs of Leon Payne is an album by American country music artist George Jones released in 1971 on the Musicor Records label. This was his last album with the label. As the name implies the album consists mostly of songs written by Leon Payne.
 Stardust is a 1996 studio album by American singer-songwriter and performer Natalie Cole. Cole won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals for the song When I Fall in Love a duet with Nat King Cole at the 39th Grammy Awards.The song also won the Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Arrangement with Accompanying Vocal(s) for arrangers Alan Broadbent and David Foster. The album was nominated for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Performance.
 Emotions in Motion is the third album by Rock musician Billy Squier. It was released in July 1982 and was Squier's second consecutive Top Five disc on the Billboard album chart. It contains the hit song Everybody Wants You which peaked at #32 on the Billboard Hot 100 and held at #1 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart for 6 weeks. Further hits from the album included Learn How To Live Emotions In Motion and She's A Runner.
 Live at Vielharmonie is a live album by American jazz drummer Max Roach recorded in 1983 in Munich for the Italian Soul Note label.
 There are three soundtracks for the television series Scrubs. The first album was released as a CD on September 24 2002 by Hollywood Records. The second album was released in 2006 and features songs used in seasons two through five. The third album contains songs from the sixth season musical episode My Musical and was released on various music downloading sites in 2007.
 Aaagh! is the second album by the Irish funk-rock band Republic of Loose. It was released 7 April 2006. At a cost of €70000 to make it was their most expensive album to date. Sunday Tribune journalist Una Mullally called it one of the most original and progressive Irish albums ever made.
 Never Say Never is the thirteenth album by singer Melba Moore released in 1983. This album featured the hits Keeping My Lover Satisfied Livin' for Your Love and Love Me Right. This album was notable for a remake of her 1976 hit Lean on Me.
 Minstrel in the Gallery is the eighth studio album by British band Jethro Tull released in September 1975.Ian Anderson's lyrics and subject matter show an introspective and cynical air possibly the byproduct of Anderson's recent divorce from first wife Jennie Franks and the pressures of touring coupled with the frustrations of writing for and recording the album in Monte Carlo.
 Public Record is Rachael Sage's fifth album released in 2003.
 Prowincja (Polish for province) is Akurat's second album released on October 1 2003.
 Turmalina is the third album by Uruguayan singer and actress Natalia Oreiro. It is also her first Spanish language album since 2000.
 Profumo is the eighth album by Gianna Nannini and was released in 1986.
 Rose Garden was an album released in November 1970 by country singer Lynn Anderson as the title song was climbing up country and pop charts around the world. The song went on to top the country charts where it stayed at the #1 position for five weeks and reached #3 on the pop charts in 1971 and was an international top five pop hit in numerous countries. Anderson would receive Grammy Award for the song for Best Female Country Vocal Performance for the record.
 Believe Acoustic is the third remix album by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber. It was released on January 29 2013. The album features acoustic and live versions of songs from his third studio album Believe (2012) as well as three new recordings.
 The Phoenix Tree is the third EP from Japanese post-rock band Mono. It was released on April 2007 through Temporary Residence Limited. It is part of a collection of EP's released by Temporary Residence Limited Travels in Constants.
 Those We Leave Behind is the second studio album by post-hardcore band I Am Ghost and was released on October 7 2008. The sound of the album is considerably different: after the departure of the band's female vocalist/violinist Kerith Telestai I Am Ghost recorded more melodic yet lyrically darker songs with a stronger indication towards punk.
 Straight from the N.O. is the second studio album by rapper Choppa. It was released on March 4 2003 through New No Limit Take Fo & Universal Records and featured production from Henry The Man Holden Nik Cohn Don Juan Ke'Noe Master P Donald XL Robertson and Sinista. It proved to be a success for Choppa peaking at #54 on the Billboard 200 and #17 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. This was one of the final albums released from the original No Limit Records.
 Global Drum Project is an album by Mickey Hart Zakir Hussain Sikiru Adepoju and Giovanni Hidalgo. It was released by Shout! Factory on October 2 2007.The album combines music played on a variety of drums and other instruments human voices singing and chanting and electronic samples and digitally created sounds.
 Post Electric Blues is the sixth full-length studio album by Scottish indie rock band Idlewild self-released to around 3000 fans in June 2009. The album was subsequently released on October 5 2009 on Cooking Vinyl.
 Seven Sisters is Meja's second studio album as a solo artist released in 1998. Again she collaborated with Billy Steinberg along with her producer Douglas Carr and Jörgen Elofsson. The album came to be her international breakthrough with her massive hit “All 'Bout the Money” .
 Tonight is the fourth solo album from the Christian pop–hip hop artist TobyMac. It is the follow-up album to his 2007 release Portable Sounds and was released on February 9 2010. The Deluxe Version of the album will contain a DVD containing interviews with Toby about the songs on the record the making of this record and an inside look at the Diverse City Band. The album debuted at No. 6 on the Billboard 200 selling 79000 units in its first week.
 SWAGG is the third studio album by Russian rapper Timati released on June 8 2012.
 Rising Sun is the debut studio album of the Egyptian trance music duo Aly & Fila. It was released on May 28 2010 alongside an album of extended mixes. The release of a remix album followed a year later in June 2011.
 Bumpin' is the thirteenth album by American jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery released in 1965. It reached number 116 on the Billboard 200 chart. It was Montgomery's first album to reach the charts.
 Burn Me Wicked is the sixth album by Danish death metal band Illdisposed.
 Born Again Savage 1999 was the fifth solo album by Little Steven following a forced ten-year gap from the previous Revolution due to loss of recording contract. The album was a return to the raw garage rock sound of his second album Voice of America. Although Camouflage of Righteousness got a tiny bit of airplay[citation needed] the album sold sparsely[citation needed].
 One More Last Chance was Ray Stevens' eighteenth studio album as well and his second for RCA Records released in 1981. The front of the album cover shows Stevens dressed in cowboy attire and at a bar with a pretty flirtatious woman standing at his side. The singles Night Games and One More Last Chance were lifted from this album.
 Damaged is the debut studio album by the American hardcore punk band Black Flag. It was released on December 5 1981 through SST Records.Over the years since the album's original release it has been recognized as a punk classic and one of the most influential punk records ever made by appearing on a number of best of lists by punk fans and critics alike. In 2003 the album was ranked number 340 on Rolling Stone's list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
 Saints & Sinners is the fifth studio album by English hard rock band Whitesnake released in 1982. It peaked at number 9 on the UK Albums Chart.Two of the tracks Crying in the Rain and Here I Go Again were later re-recorded on their 1987 album Whitesnake.
 Det Vilde Kor is the third full-length album by the Norwegian folk metal band Lumsk. It was released on February 26 2007 by Tabu Recordings. The lyrics are taken from Knut Hamsun's same-titled poetry collection of 1904.
 Timehunter is a box set album by Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The album originally began as an exercise working in the dynamics of 2002's Merzbeat.Timehunter features deconstructed beats which i took from 70s hard rock stuff like Omega Golden Earring Spontaneous Combustion Alamo.
 The Desolate One is the third album by old school/hardcore emcee Just-Ice released in 1989 and produced by KRS-One (see 1989 in music). In 1996 it was played in part on KROQ by Bradley Nowell of Sublime. Nowell claimed it to be one of his favorite albums.[citation needed]
 Human Animal is Wolf Eyes' fifth album proper released 26 September 2006 by Sub Pop. The title track Human Animal is different from the one originally issued on the Wolf Eyes/Prurient split The Warriors. Noise Not Music was originally by No Fucker.
 Tyranny of Souls is a heavy metal album released by Iron Maiden vocalist Bruce Dickinson on 23 May 2005. The cover art is a work by renaissance artist Hans Memling. It is his first solo album since rejoining Maiden in 1999 and his most recent studio album as a solo artist.The songwriting on the album was split between Roy Z and Dickinson. During composition Roy sent recordings of riffs to Dickinson who was on tour with Iron Maiden. Dickinson subsequently wrote lyrics and melodies.
 American Me is the title of the first solo album by Hip Hop artist CL Smooth released on October 31 2006. The project is the rapper's first solo album since breaking up with partner Pete Rock in 1995; he had not released an album since 1994's The Main Ingredient.The album's lead single is the title track American Me which features Smoke in the Air as its B-side.
 Cold Heaven is Babylon Whores' first full-length album released in 1997 by Misanthrophy Records.
 In Concert is a live album by Janis Joplin. It was released in 1972 after Joplin's death as a double-LP. The first record contains performances with Big Brother and the Holding Company recorded at various locations in 1968 and 1970 and the second with the Full Tilt Boogie Band.
 Remember It Day is the debut album of Cradle of Thorns released in 1990 through Castle Top Records.
 Culture for Pigeon is the third official release from Tracy + the Plastics and the band's second full-length album. It was released in 2004 on Troubleman Unlimited. Culture for Pigeon includes a DVD with two of Wynne Greenwood's video pieces which bridges the gap between listening to a CD of Tracy + the Plastics and attending one of their richer multimedia concerts. The album was engineered by Joel Hamilton
 House of Yes: Live from House of Blues is a double live CD by progressive rock band Yes.
 Blindside is the debut album by Swedish hardcore punk band Blindside released on Solid State Records in 1997. It was re-released by DRT Entertainment on May 10 2005 with four unreleased demo tracks.
 The Jellyrox EP is the self-titled debut of Matt Langston's electronic solo music project The Jellyrox. It was independently released via iTunes and Amazon.com on June 28 2010. The EP had five songs one of which went on to be on his first full-length album Heta Himlen. The EP was pulled from the internet for purchase three weeks after Langston announced its departure on May 31 2012.
 Bamboozled is the soundtrack to the 2000 film Bamboozled. Composed of hip hop and contemporary R&B the soundtrack peaked at 60 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Six tracks on the album were performed by future Grammy award winner India.Arie in what were her first official appearances on an album.
 Camera Camera was a 1981 album by progressive rock band Renaissance.
 Juanes: MTV Unplugged is the third live album of Colombian singer Juanes. It was recorded before a live audience at the New World Symphony Center in Miami Beach Florida on February 1 2012 and was released by Universal Music Latino on May 29 2012. The album includes featured performances by the Spanish composer Joaquín Sabina and the Brazilian singer Paula Fernandes. The album features rearranged takes on Juanes' hit songs like Me Enamora La Camisa Negra and A Dios le Pido.
 The soundtrack for the film Elizabethtown was released September 13 2005 by RCA Records. A follow-up Vol. 2 was also released on February 7 2006. The original score was released on October 14 2005. The film was directed by Cameron Crowe and featured original music by rock musician Nancy Wilson as well as songs by Tom Petty Elton John Lindsey Buckingham Ryan Adams My Morning Jacket and other artists.
 This is the album by Jonathan Edwards. For the Kid Cudi album see Man on the Moon: The End of Day.Man in the Moon is the tenth studio album (twelfth total album) released by singer/songwriter Jonathan Edwards.
 TV or Not TV is the first album by the comedy duo Proctor and Bergman. It was originally released in 1973 by Columbia Records.
 Hey Everyone! is the debut album by Glasgow-based rock band Dananananaykroyd released on April 6 2009 on the Best Before Records label.
 From Hackensack to Englewood Cliffs is a compilation album by American saxophonist Ike Quebec released in 2000 on Blue Note. The album compiles eight jukebox-oriented pieces recorded by Quebec in his first Blue Note session which coincidentally would become the last Blue Note session ever recorded at Rudy Van Gelder's original Hackensack facility. Indeed Van Gelder thenceforth moved his studio to the more spacious Englewood Cliffs building.
 Pickin' & Fiddlin' is the third album by bluegrass group The Dillards recorded with up and coming fiddle player Byron Berline. The album is entirely instrumental with no vocals. The group had been unhappy with Elektra because they felt pressure from the company not to innovate as they were beginning to do (and would eventually record on Wheatstraw Suite) and because they felt that Elektra was not doing enough to promote their records.
 Anahí is the first album by Mexican pop-singer Anahí. The songs were recorded when she was nine years old. However it was hampered by a lack of recording and production cohesion and did not do well commercially. Anahí recorded this LP with Discos America in 1992. It is officially a promotional album - it is not considered an official album from Anahí's discography and is no longer available.
 Bob Welch is the fifth solo album from the ex-Fleetwood Mac guitarist of the same name. It was his first for RCA Records.
 Tut Tut Now Shake Ya Butt is a studio album by American experimental punk band Japanther. The song Radical Businessman was used in Grand Theft Auto: The Lost and Damned the add-on to the video game Grand Theft Auto IV. The album includes spoken word contributions from former Crass drummer Penny Rimbaud.
 As Daylight Dies is the fourth studio album by American metalcore band Killswitch Engage. It was released on November 21 2006 through Roadrunner Records. It was produced by Adam Dutkiewicz and Joel Stroetzel.
 An American Stranger is the debut album from indie rock band The Upwelling released on August 25 2009. It was released after the band was signed to Edmond Records owned by The All-American Rejects in partnership with Doghouse Records and Warner Bros..
 Early Demos and Singles is a compilation EP of early tracks by the Colorado-based group Dethcentrik. It included their most notable singles and alternate versions of them: Society's Whores and Life Down the Toilet. Also included as a bonus track was a live version of Society's Whores. The album was also alternatively titled Dethcentrik.
 Vicentico (2003) is the first solo album by Argentine Pop Ska singer Vicentico. After an entire career with the band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs he went into a solo career when the band took a hiatus.
 Things Happen for a Reason is the title of the debut album of R&B/dancehall singer Che'Nelle. It was released on September 5 2007 (see 2007 in music) under Capitol Records. The album featured productions from a diverse host of heavyweights—including James Poyser Sean Garrett Kara DioGuardi and Rich Harrison -- with each song either written or co-written by Che'Nelle.
 Nine Reasons to Say Goodbye is the first and only studio album by A Day in the Life released in 2001. It features their original line-up which includes J.T. Woodruff before the line-up changed and the band became Hawthorne Heights. It was re-released in 2005 by Carbon Copy Media with a second disc that contains songs by 4 other bands who were signed to Carbon Copy Media plus two other songs by A Day in the Life.
 Tamally Maak (Arabic : تملي معاك ) also often also Tamally Ma'ak or Tamalli ma'ak is a 2000 album by Amr Diab that contains his international hit single of the same name.
 Scream Aim Fire is the second studio album by Welsh heavy metal band Bullet for My Valentine released on 28 January 2008 in the UK and the preceding day in the US. Since its release Scream Aim Fire has sold over 1000000 copies worldwide with 500000 copies being sold in the US alone.
 Home for Orphans is a compilation album by the Reigning Sound. It was released in 2005 on Sympathy for the Record Industry. The album features the original Reigning Sound lineup of Greg Cartwright on lead vocals and guitar; Alex Greene on organ piano guitar and backing vocals; Jeremy Scott on bass and backing vocals; and Greg Roberson on drums. [1].
 Live At The Cambridge Folk Festival is a 1998 album by Robyn Hitchcock & The Egyptians containing live recordings from the Cambridge Folk Festival of Hitchcock's back catalogue.Hitchcock hails from the city of Cambridge and has made several appearances at the city's annual festival this particular recording dating to 1992.The CD includes ten tracks from different stages of Hitchcock's solo career most of which do not differ substantially from the original recordings but for the fact that they feature acoustic guitars in place of electric as a consequence of the festival's folk theme. 
 Throwing Myself is the only studio album by Luti-Kriss. It was released in 2001 on Solid State Records. After the release of this album the band changed their name to Norma Jean.
 Strength Through Vengeance is third full length album by Canadian heavy metal band A Perfect Murder. It is their first album featuring lead singer Kevin Randel.
 Absolution for Idiots and Addicts is a promotional EP by ska-punk band Less Than Jake before the release of their 2006 full length In with the Out Crowd. This EP contains two songs which were released on the full-length (Overrated Rest of My Life) and two exclusive songs (We the Uninspired Negative Sides of Optimistic Eyes). It was released on March 14 2006.
 Elegies is a live DVD released by Machine Head recorded at the Brixton Academy in London. The concert was recorded in December 2004 but the DVD was released on October 11 2005. As well as the London concert the DVD also features film clips and a short documentary about the making of Through the Ashes of Empires.
 La Femme Nikita Original Soundtrack is the soundtrack album series for the television series.
 Oblación is a 1994 album by Venezuelan musician Alberto Naranjo.
 Danity Kane is the self-titled debut album by American R&B/pop group Danity Kane released by Bad Boy Records on August 22 2006 (see 2006 in music) in the United States and by Atlantic Records on November 11 2006 in Germany and Switzerland.
 Road Trip is the second and last album from Girl Authority. Unlike the first album Road Trip is a mixture of cover songs and original songs performed by Girl Authority.
 Trouble is the third studio release by Duluth Minnesota group Trampled by Turtles.
 Plays Live is the first live and fifth album overall released by British rock musician Peter Gabriel. This album was originally released as a double album and longplay cassette in 1983 with sixteen songs. It was re-released in 1985 as a single CD version called Plays Live (Highlights) with only twelve songs. It was eventually re-released in its entirety as a double CD set in 1987.
 The Best Of Banaroo is the first greatest hits album released by the German group Banaroo. It was also the final CD released with the original members Bobby Steffy Vito and Cat before Banaroo disbanded in 2008.The CD features their hits and popular songs from their first four albums as well as two new songs both cover songs Crying At The Discotheque originally by Alcazar and Waterloo originally by ABBA.
 Underground is the second studio album by The Electric Prunes released in 1967.
 Sonic Firestorm is the second studio album by English power metal band DragonForce released through Noise Records on 11 May 2004.This album features the song Soldiers of the Wasteland which includes the longest guitar solo section on any of their songs. At 9 minutes and 47 seconds this is also DragonForce's longest song.Sonic Firestorm was rereleased on 22 February 2010 along with the remastered and remixed version of Valley of the Damned.
 Singles is the original soundtrack album to the film Singles primarily focused on the ascendant grunge scene of the early 1990s. It also features contributions from Minneapolis's Paul Westerberg (his first solo material after the breakup of The Replacements) Chicago's The Smashing Pumpkins and past Seattle rockers Jimi Hendrix and The Lovemongers (Ann and Nancy Wilson of Heart). It was released on June 30 1992.
 The Immaculate Collection is the first greatest hits album by American singer-songwriter Madonna released on November 9 1990 by Sire Records. It contains new remixes of fifteen of her hit singles from 1983 to 1990 as well as two new tracks Justify My Love and Rescue Me. The title of the album is a loose pun of the Immaculate Conception the conception of the Virgin Mary without any stain of the original sin.
 Graduation: The Best of pureNRG is the first greatest hits and last album by Christian tween pop group pureNRG. It was released by Warner Bros. Records. It was released July 20 2010 exclusively to Family Christian Stores and iTunes.
 Transmissions from Eville (1994) is the first album by Acumen Nation. The original version was released under the name Acumen on Robot Records in 1994. The record was later re-released in a significantly altered form by Fifth Colvmn Records on 1995 February 14 then re-released again by Conscience Records on 1998 May 12.
 Human Sacrifice is the first studio album by the Christian death and thrash metal band Vengeance Rising. It is the first full length Christian thrash metal album as it was released in 1988. Though controversial Human Sacrifice and the following album Once Dead were huge successes in the world of Christian music making Vengeance Rising one of the few bands in the genre to cross over into the secular music scene.
 Mario Lanza Live at Hollywood Bowl: Historical Recordings (1947 & 1951) is a 2000 CD released by the Gala label (GL 311) includes the six selections that tenor Mario Lanza sang at his first Hollywood Bowl concert on August 27 1947. This is the performance that first brought Lanza to the attention of Hollywood and shortly afterwards the tenor was signed to a seven-year film contract with MGM. In Live performance he sings six arias three of them in duet with soprano Frances Yeend.
 Western Ballads is the first full length album by Jackson United released in 2004.
 Te John Grease & Wolfman is a studio album by Country rock artist Charlie Daniels. The name comes from the Charlie Daniels Band members' nicknames. Grease was keyboardist Joel DiGregorio. Charlie Daniels was just Charlie sometimes the Fat Boy. It was released in 1972 courtesy of Kama Sutra Records.
 Invicta is the third full-length studio album from the American pop punk band Hit the Lights. It was released on January 31 2012 through Razor & Tie records in North America and 3Wise Records in Australia. The entire album was produced by Mike Sapone who had produced Taking Back Sunday Brand New. The songs Gravity Earthquake and All the Weight are taken from their previous EP Invicta EP.The album debuted at number 129 on the billboard 200 selling over 4000 copies in its first week.
 Pretty Ugly is the fourth studio album by the punk rock band Lunachicks. It was released by Go-Kart Records in 1997.
 Towards the Skullthrone of Satan is the second album from the Belgian black metal band Enthroned. The front cover was created by Kris Verwimp. Layout by Enthroned and Blackend Prod. Initial Drumming concepts on this album were made by Cernunnos.
 Blue Selection is the studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Yōsui Inoue released shortly after its predecessor Cassis.Like The Night Without a Guide album came out in 1992 it includes renewed renditions of his previous released songs. Those interpretations features the jazz-influence arrangements and they were recorded by his then-touring band.The lead-off track Kazari ja Nai no yo Namida wa was released as a single prior to the album but it was almost disregarded.
 Rambler is the second album by Bill Frisell to be released on the ECM label. It was released in 1985 and features performances by Frisell Kenny Wheeler Bob Stewart Jerome Harris and Paul Motian.
 Punk in Drublic is the fifth studio album by the American punk rock band NOFX. It was released on July 19 1994 through Epitaph Records.Punk in Drublic is NOFX's most successful album to date peaking at number 12 on Billboard's Heatseekers chart. The album has received positive reviews and is now considered a classic punk album by fans and critics alike.
 KABOOM! is the debut studio album by the rock/chiptune band I Fight Dragons released in 2011 by Photo Finish Records. When the band won their release from the record label they started offering it for free on their site.Singles KABOOM is the lead single from the album and was released September 26 2011 along with the music video. On October 11 2011 The Geeks Will Inherit The Earth was released as the second single with the lyric video.
 Good Burger is the soundtrack to the 1997 film Good Burger. It was released on July 15 1997 through Capitol Records and consisted of a blend of hip hop R&B and rock music. The soundtrack was a minor success making it to 101 on the Billboard 200 and 65 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Ojos Negros is the sixth studio album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno released on Sony-Epic in 1992. The album's title translates as Dark Eyes and is a reference to one of the tracks included the Chilean folk tune Yo Vendo Unos Ojos Negros.Ojos Negros just like preceding album Mambo was recorded in both London Madrid and Miami and was a collaboration with acclaimed British producer Nick Patrick. Patrick started his career as a recording engineer for Heaven 17 and B.E.F.
 The Kink Kontroversy is the third studio album by English rock band The Kinks released on 26 November 1965. It is a transitional work with elements of both the earlier Kinks' styles (heavily blues-influenced songs such as Milk Cow Blues and variations on the band's hits from 1964-65 such as Till the End of the Day) and early indications of the future direction of Ray Davies' songwriting styles (The World Keeps Going Round and I'm On an Island).
 Caetano... muitos carnavais... is a 1977 compilation album by Caetano Veloso. It includes only Carnival musics and rhythms such as frevo and Carnival marches. Between the twelve tracks one can find the hits Chuva suor e cerveja A filha da Chiquita Bacana and Atrás do trio elétrico.
 First Underground Nuclear Kitchen is a studio album by former Deep Purple Black Sabbath and Trapeze vocalist/bassist Glenn Hughes. It is his twelfth solo studio album and was released in 2008 on Frontiers Records.
 Together in Electric Dreams is an EP released in the UK in November 2007. It was produced by Rob da Bank and released by Sunday Best Recordings.The album features 5 very different interpretations of the hit song Together in Electric Dreams originally written and released by Philip Oakey and Giorgio Moroder in 1985.
 The Magician's Birthday is the fifth album released by British rock band Uriah Heep. The story line is based loosely on a short story written by Ken Hensley in June and July 1972.Even though it was recorded mere months after the preceding Demons and Wizards the album features a notably different sound than the band's previous albums with the aggressive hard rock toned down in favor of a cleaner appearance with more progressive elements something which had only been hinted previously.
 The Best of Silly Wizard is an album by Silly Wizard released in 1985 by Shanachie Records. This album has selections from previous recordings by the band.
 Bigger & Blacker is an album by Chris Rock originally released on July 13 1999 on the Dreamworks label.
 Back to the Rhythm is Great White's 10th studio album and first album of original material in about eight years. In 2006 Mark Kendall and Jack Russell wrote 15 songs for this comeback album. The album was recorded in just 24 days during March 2007 in Belmont CA.
 Strange News From Mars (released 2007 on the label Zonic Entertainment/Hot Club Records) is an album by guitarist Jon Larsen and the Mother's keyboardist Tommy Mars.
 No Doubt About It is the third studio album by American country music artist Neal McCoy. Released in 1994 it is considered his breakthrough album and has been certified platinum in the United States. Both the album's title track and Wink reached the top of the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts the latter holding its peak position for four weeks. The album's third single The City Put the Country Back in Me was also a Top 5 hit.
 Souls Highway is Beseech's third album released in 2002 by Napalm Records. The CD features 11 tracks.
 Manoeuvres is the second solo album of singer Greg Lake released in 1983. It features ex-Thin Lizzy member Gary Moore on guitar again. It is Lake's last original studio album on his own to date.
 5150: Home 4 tha Sick is a 1992 EP by Eazy-E. It was released on December 10 1992 through Ruthless and Priority Records and was his first release since the break-up of N.W.A. 5150: Home 4 tha Sick peaked at 70 on the Billboard 200 and 15 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Only If You Want It was given both a single release and promotional music video. Neighborhood Sniper also had a promotional music video released. The EP was certified Gold by the RIAA on February 9 1993.
 Il sogno eretico (translatable as The Heretical Dream) is the fifth studio album by the Italian rapper Caparezza released on March 1 2011. The title of the album contains a pun: in Italian eretico sounds like erotico (erotic) so that the reader thinks about a kind of parody of The erotic dream.The album debuts at the second place of official Italian charts FIMI.
 Junjou Karen Otome Moyou (純情可憐乙女模様) is Yuki Uchida's first album released in Japan on 1995/02/08 on King Records label (reference: KICS-470). It charted n°1 on Oricon charts. It include the title song from her previous n°1 single Tenca wo Torou! -Uchida no Yabou-.
 Peter Cox is the debut solo album from Go West frontman Peter Cox. It features 11 tracks mostly written by Cox and album producer Peter-John Vettese.
 Just Like Old Times is the début album by singer-songwriter Heather Myles. It was released in 1992 via HighTone Records.
 F.O.O.D. released under Danny!'s 1911 Music/Badenov Records imprint in 2005 (see 2005 in music) is the second full-length studio album from the American rapper/producer. The acronym F.O.O.D. stands for Finding Out Our Destination and despite the depiction in the cover art the album's content has nothing to do with any actual food or food-related themes (unlike MF Doom's second album MM..Food).The restaurant shown on the cover of F.O.O.D.
 Navidades is a Christmas album by Mexican singer Luis Miguel released on November 14 2006.The album is the first Christmas album released by the singer and peaked at #51 on the Billboard 200 Chart. Two promo singles were released: Mi Humilde Oración and Santa Claus Llegó a la Ciudad. The album was produced by Luis Miguel.
 The Best of Earth Wind & Fire Vol. 1 is a 1978 compilation album collecting the charting singles of Earth Wind & Fire. In addition to collecting previously charting songs the album also presented two tracks which were a cover of the Beatles' song Got to Get You Into My Life and the original track September both of which also became charting singles the former also winning a Grammy Award.The compilation album itself placed on three Billboard charts reaching No. 3 on Black Albums No.
 The Marked Men is the eponymous debut album by the Denton Texas punk rock band The Marked Men released May 20 2003 by Rip Off Records and Dirtnap Records.
 Louder is the full-length debut studio album by American pop rock band R5 which was released on September 24 2013 by Hollywood Records. Louder was also released as a deluxe album with four extra tracks only available for digital download.
 Far is the fifth album by American alternative singer-songwriter Regina Spektor released in Europe through Sire Records on June 22 2009 and North America on June 23 2009 The album's first single Laughing With was uploaded to Spektor's MySpace page on May 8 and was released as a digital download on May 18 in the United States and parts of Europe along with the b-side Blue Lips. Two viral videos for Dance Anthem of the 80s and Eet were also released on Spektor's MySpace account.
 Pale Folklore is the debut album of the American band Agalloch. It features an eclectic mix of acoustic folk reminiscent of Scandinavian bands such as Ulver doom and black metal-esque riffs growled clean whispered and shrieked vocals and a production style and atmosphere that borrows heavily from black metal. The lyrical themes focus mainly on depression nature folklore and the supernatural.
 Kandıramazsın is the debut album by Turkish Cypriot pop singer Genco Ecer which was released in 2009.
 3 Foot Clearance (previously known as Untitled or Happy Holidays from Buckethead) is the thirtieth studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the third installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series.
 Białe wakacje released in 2002 was third studio album of Polish rock group Ścianka.
 The North Pole by Submarine is the first and only album released by ambient techno artist Bleep. Bleep was the one-time moniker of Geir Jenssen who is more widely known as Biosphere.
 Babalon A.D. (So Glad for the Madness) is a DVD single by Cradle of Filth.The video is an homage to Pier Paolo Pasolini's famous final film Salò or the 120 Days of Sodom based on the Marquis de Sade's novel. Babalon is not a misspelling of Babylon but refers to the Scarlet Woman Great Mother or Mother of Abominations from Aleister Crowley's mystical system (Mother of Abominations is also the name of track 13 on Cradle's Nymphetamine album).
 Fall is the first EP released by Jon Foreman frontman of the San Diego rock band Switchfoot. Foreman announced on his MySpace blog that the EP was initially to be released to iTunes and online at jonforeman.com and amazon.com on November 27 2007. It was released on iTunes and Amazon a week earlier on the 20th and was promptly removed. It was officially released on November 27 and debuted at No. 15 on the iTunes top albums chart. It peaked at No. 2 on the Amazon Top albums chart.
 To Cure the Sane with Insanity is the first studio release by brutal death metal band Deathbound. It was released in 2003.
 Makedonija Zasekogaš (in Macedonian Cyrillic: Македонија Засекогаш English translation: Macedonia Forever) often credited as Makedonija Zasekogash is a project made by the Agency for youth and sport of Macedonia realized with an album. The album consists of 14 traditional Macedonian songs with new arrangement sang by the Macedonian music stars.
 Peaceful Journey is the third album by rap group Heavy D & the Boyz.
 The Eagle is an album by Waylon Jennings released on Epic Records in 1990. It was the first of his two solo albums on the label which he joined after a two-year stay at MCA. The selections themselves are a mixture of fast-paced songs and slower ballads. Wrong a humorous track about a relationship that turned awry was Jennings' final top ten country hit reaching #5 on the charts. The album also yielded the minor hits What Bothers Me Most.
 The Grand Tour is an album by American country music artist George Jones released in 1974 on Epic his fifth for the label. It peaked at #11 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and contained the hit title track which reached a peak of #1 in August 1974; it was his fifth #1 song and his sixth as of that point.
 Sábado en la Noche Tiki-Tiki is the sixth album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro It was released in 1982 Ven is theme song to El derecho de nacer (TV series) Also in the telenovela Verónica Castro's son Cristian Castro plays her Lost son.
 Elai Lineendunge is the second album by Namibian rapper Sunny Boy and the first to be released on his own label GreenHouse Entertainment. It was released in December 2006. The album features a much darker sound and much deeper subject matter than Young Black en Gifted. It moved away from the mainstreme original type of kwaito used on Young Black en Gifted and albums done by Gazza and The Dogg to a hip hop type of kwaito that Sunny describe as hikwa.
 Rock and Roll Is Black and Blue is the sixth studio album from music ensemble Danko Jones. The album was released on October 9 2012. The song Just a Beautiful Day reached No. 10 on the Canadian rock/alternative chart.
 Form & Function Vol. 2 is Photek's 4th official studio album. It is a collection of dubplates and remixes plus some exclusives. It was released September 24 2007 on the Sanctuary Records label. There will also be a vinyl release of the LP for DJs.
 Human Wheels is the 12th album by American singer-songwriter and musician John Mellencamp. Released on Mercury Records in 1993 it peaked at No. 7 on the Billboard 200. The single What If I Came Knocking was Mellencamp's last No. 1 single on the Album Rock Tracks chart staying atop for two weeks in the summer of 1993.The title track was borne out of a poem Mellencamp's friend George Green wrote as a eulogy delivered at the grave site upon the death of his grandfather.
 Nightclub Version of the Eternal is the seventh album by The Howling Hex. It was released as a CD by Drag City in 2006.
 If We Put Our Heads Together is a 1969 vocal duet studio album by the American country singer-songwriters Loretta Lynn and Ernest Tubb.This was Lynn and Tubb's third studio album together. Their previous albums were released in 1965 and 1967. The lead single from this album Who's Gonna Take the Garbage Out was a Top 20 Country hit in 1969. It was the duo's first Top 40 hit together since 1966. The second single was the title track.
 Live July 5th 1995 is a video by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow it was recorded live at in Mainz Germany and features former live members Reiko A. and Bara. It was released on VHS in both PAL and NTSC formats.
 The Blues Book is an album by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin featuring performances recorded in 1964 for the Prestige label.
 Grand Funk is Grand Funk Railroad's second studio album and was released in December 1969 by Capitol Records. It was produced by Terry Knight and engineered by Ken Hamann. This release (aka The Red Album) was certified by RIAA with a gold record award the first for the group. It includes a cover of The Animals' Inside Looking Out which is still a cornerstone of the band's live concerts today. Other key tracks include: Got This Thing On The Move In Need and Paranoid.
 Jeremías is the 1st album by British-Venezuelan singer-songwriter Jeremías released in 2003.
 Red Fish is an album by the Northern Irish rock band The Moondogs released in 2003.
 White Devil Armory is the upcoming seventeenth studio album by the American thrash metal band Overkill due for release in July 2014.
 Min Andistekese (Greek: Μην Αντιστέκεσαι; English: Don't Resist) is the second studio album by Greek pop musician Sakis Rouvas released in September 1992 in Greece and Cyprus by PolyGram Records Greece. Like his self-titled debut album this album was also entirely produced by composer Nikos Terzis furthering the already rewarding collaboration.
 Room Service is the seventh studio album released by Swedish pop duo Roxette on 3 April 2001. The album was an European release only and not released in the United States. The album topped the Swedish charts and reached the upper regions of the charts in many other European countries peaking at #3 in Germany and #2 in Switzerland but was largely ignored in the United Kingdom peaking only at #120 there.
 Elephant Mountain is an album by the American folk rock band The Youngbloods released in 1969. It reached number 118 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Inténtalo is the first studio album by Mexican group 3Ball MTY. It was released on 6 December 2011 under Fonovisa label.
 Von Herz zu Herz (From Heart to Heart) is the sixth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. This album won over many new fans and was their most successful since their first album in 1970. The group also returned to their trade mark sound with this album after a releasing a folk album a year before.
 Dizzy Digs Paris is a compilation album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie and his band featuring concert and studio performances recorded in Paris in 1953 and originally released on the French Disques Vogue and Blue Star labels. Many of the tracks were first released as 78 rpm records but were later released on albums including Dizzy Over Paris (Roost) and Dizzy Gillespie and His Operatic Strings Orchestra (Fontana).
 Double Double You is an album by Kenny Wheeler featuring performances by Wheeler with Mike Brecker John Taylor Dave Holland and Jack DeJohnette. The album was recorded in 1983 and released on the ECM label.
 Amor Chiquito is the fourth album released by Mexican rock band Fobia on December 22 1995. Of previous albums Amor Chiquito possesses a broader range of melodies from Hard Rock tunes (Revolución sin manos Descontrol) to more melodic themes (Hipnotízame Vivo) to pop songs like Sin querer. Fobia's signature sound does not change staying true to its eclectic lyrics full of surreal imagery.Ten more years would pass before Fobia would sit together again to record another LP.
 Kill the Last Romantic was an album released by Eastbourne-based English indie-rock 3-piece Easyworld in 2004.
 Live In London is a live album by the band Sheer Greed.
 Legacy is the 19th album by the Country rock band Poco released in 1989. The album reunited the five original members of the group (from the Pickin' Up the Pieces album) and contained two top-40 singles Call It Love and Nothin' to Hide. Timothy B.
 The Target is an EP released by Hoobastank in 2002. It features three original tracks not heard on other Hoobastank recordings as well as acoustic versions of four songs from the band's original self-titled release.
 Laugh Now Cry Later is the seventh studio album by rapper Ice Cube released on June 6 2006. It is Ice Cube's first album to be released on his independently owned record label Lench Mob Records and his first studio album in six years since his previous album War & Peace Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc). After spending the previous six years mainly doing movie projects it could be considered a comeback album.
 Strike Back was the third album released by German heavy metal band Steeler. Strike Back was released by SPV/Steamhammer in 1986.
 Screwed Up is the third and final album by Queensbridge hip hop group Screwball released July 19 2004 on Hydra Entertainment Records. Godfather Don produced 7 of the tracks.Member Blaq Poet has since gone solo. Member KL has since died. The album features songs form their previous albums as well as remixes and new songs.
 Kids in America was an album derived from the short-lived American reality television series American Juniors and released by Jive Records in 2003. It was sung by the 10 finalists on the show not just the five who made it in.
 A Measure Of Wealth is the debut studio album by Scottish indie rock band The Law released on September 28 2009. The first single off the album Don't Stop Believe was released on July 20 2009. The second single off the album The Chase was released on September 14 2009. This album also includes two early singles that have been remastered from The Law Milk & Honey and Still Got Friday To Go.
 Odds & Ends is a collection of unfinished tracks and demo recordings by British pop singer Dido. The collection was put together by her management team Nettwerk and released promotionally in late 1995 in order to gain interest from record companies so that Dido could be signed to a major record label. All of the material was recorded between 1994 and 1995.
 Todo Me Recuerda a Ti is the sixth studio album by Scottish singer Sheena Easton. It was released on November 23 1984 and reissued by Capitol EMI/Latin in 1989. This is an album of greatest hits featuring 3 new tracks (Ámame Una Vez En La Vida and Me Gustas Tal Como Eres) all sung in Spanish geared for the Latin markets.
 Eternity is the third album of the Japanese pop rock group Every Little Thing released on March 15 2000.
 Todo esto es muy extraño is the ninth album recorded by Spanish rock band Hombres G released in 2005. It is the first studio album to follow Historia del bikini which was released 12 years earlier in 1992.
 John Butcher Axis was the eponymous debut studio album by Jon Butcher Axis released in 1983 on Polydor/PolyGram Records. The album featured the hit Life Takes a Life. The album reached #21 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.
 Symphonic is the title of the Falco album and live DVD containing a live performance of Falco with the Wiener Neustadt orchestra that was originally performed in 1994 it was released on February 2 2008. The orchestra music was totally re-recorded to match the live performance due to low quality audio captured in the original recording.
 Groovin' with Jug is a live album (with three tracks recorded in the studio) by organist Richard Holmes and saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1961 and released on the Pacific Jazz label.
 James Arthur is the eponymously-titled debut studio album by British singer-songwriter James Arthur. It was released via Syco Music on 1 November 2013. The album includes the singles Impossible Arthur's X Factor winner's single and You're Nobody 'til Somebody Loves You as well as collaborations with Emeli Sandé and Chasing Grace.
 Todo Maná: Grandes Exitos is compilation album (eleventh overall) set by Latin American Mexican rock band Maná. This compilation was made in effort to promote to fans in Spain.
 Chapter One: Latin America is a 1973 album by Gato Barbieri. It was recorded and issued in 1973 on Impulse! Records as AS-9248. The album was re-released in 1997 as part of Latino America a double CD that also included the album Chapter Two: Hasta Siempre along with unreleased tracks.
 Adventure Playground is an album by English saxophonist John Surman featuring Paul Bley Gary Peacock and Tony Oxley recorded in 1991 and released on the ECM label.
 A Cuppa Tea and a Lie Down is the first album by New Zealand band Able Tasmans released by Flying Nun Records in 1987. The CD release of the album contains bonus tracks taken from the Tired Sun EP and a remix of their previous single Buffaloes.
 Café Passé is the second album to be released by the Austrian group Erste Allgemeine Verunsicherung (EAV).This album was released in Germany on vinyl cassette and CD.The album was issued on LP first in 1981 on the catalogue number Mood 24600 and then reissued in 1983 on the catalogue number Mood 28622. Ten years later it was reissued again on CD (catalogue number EMI/Ding Dong 9592022) and on cassette (catalogue number EMI/Ding Dong 9592024)
 Patria (Homeland) is an album released by the Chilean folk group Quilapayún in 1975.
 All the King's Horses is the second album by American saxophonist Grover Washington Jr. It was recorded in 1972 and released on Kudu Records the same year. In 2008 it was reissued on CD by Verve/GRP Records.
 On One is the eleventh album released by rapper Keak da Sneak.
 Flowers in the Pavement is the debut album by Australian hip hop group Bliss n Eso. This Is for You received airplay on Triple J's Home and Hosed program which exclusively features Australian music. It was also played on NOVA FM. This Is for You and Pigs in the Porn Trough securing Bliss n Eso as the 'hip hop' category winners and 'artist of the year' nominees at the annual National Music Oz Awards in 2003 and 2004. Hip Hop Blues was produced by Suffa from Hilltop Hoods.
 Secret World - Live in Paris is a live album by Tears for Fears released on 27 February 2006 by XIII Bis.
 Glad to Get Away is the twenty-fourth album by Jandek and was released (1994) as Corwood Industries#0762. It continues the acoustic sound of the prior two albums.
 Equator was the sixteenth album released by British rock band Uriah Heep released in 1985. It marked the studio return of bassist Trevor Bolder who had rejoined the band for the Head First tour.
 Gypsey Folk Tales is an album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers recorded in 1977 and released on the Roulette label.
 3rd Ward Stepper is the third album released by rapper Skull Duggery. It was released on June 6 2000 through independent label Crash Records and featured production from his former No Limit Records' labelmates KLC and Fiend.
 Mondo Bongo was The Boomtown Rats' fourth album. It peaked at No. 6 in the UK Albums Chart in February 1981 and No. 116 in the US Billboard 200.It included the hit singles: Banana Republic which had reached No. 3 in the UK Singles Chart in November 1980 and The Elephants Graveyard (Guilty) which made No. 26 in January 1981.
 Ayshalak (Arabic: عايشالك‎) is Lebanese singer Elissa's third studio album.
 Afterswish is the sixth album by Ozric Tentacles released in 1992 on Dovetail Records. It is a compilation of tracks from their early cassette releases featuring also three new tracks.
 Son Of Sam/Bombs Over Broadway is Violent Soho's third EP. Produced by Gil Norton and mixed by Rich Costey it was released on May 10 2010 on Thurston Moore's Ecstatic Peace! label. The Norman Records review called the EP a fiendish mixture of The Towers of London and The Offspring. Comparisons were made with Smashing Pumpkins both favorable and unfavorable.
 Crossing Bridges is a live 2004 album by Mark O'Connor Carol Cook and Natalie Haas. It was recorded at May 22 - May 24 performances in Spivey Hall Clayton College and State University Morrow Georgia. It contains pieces written by O'Connor's for the earlier Appalachia Waltz and Appalachian Journey albums as well as two new ones Olympic Reel (Medley) and Blackberry Mull.
 The Sound of Sunshine is the seventh studio album by Michael Franti & Spearhead released by Capitol Records on September 21 2010.
 Kathy McCord is the debut album by American singer Kathy McCord released in 1970 the first album issued on Taylor's CTI Records. It is also her only official album. However Big Beat Records issued some of her 1970s recordings in 2010 as New Jersey to Woodstock. The album has been re-issued on CD in 1999 in Japan as Rainbow Ride and in 2011 in South Korea as Kathy McCord however both CD reissues were released without the artist's approval.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the American rock band Styx. It was released by A&M Records on August 22 1995.This album essentially replaced Styx's previous greatest hits album Styx - Classics Volume 15 which was released by A&M in 1987. That previous album had excluded the hit song Lady because the song was originally recorded for and released through Wooden Nickel Records (which also had a distribution arrangement with RCA Records).
 Telescape is the fifty-third studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the twenty-third installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series. The album was part of a series of thirty pike albums that were released in close succession from one another during 2013.The album was announced and released on August 16 in a digital format and also as a limited edition untitled album signed by Buckethead himself. Unlike the previous limited editions released during 2013 this one was limited to 300 copies.
 White City: A Novel is a studio solo concept album by Pete Townshend who is the guitarist for The Who the album was released in the year 1985 on the label Atco Records in the US peaking at #26 and was reissued on the label Hip-O Records in 2006. White City: A Novel is also Pete Townshend's fourth solo album. The album achieved gold status by the RIAA in the U.S. on 22 January 1986.
 One is an EP by Italian electronic musician Tying Tiffany. It was released in 12 March 2013 on ZerOKilled Music and on a 10 Picture Disc vinyl in 1 August 2013 on Mecanica. The EP consists of four songs linked by one theme and having almost the same length each.The single One Second was available as free download. Tiffany also released a music video for One Second.
 Berlin Atonal Vol. 2 is a split 12 vinyl between Psychic TV and La Loora.Both sides are live performances. The Psychic TV set came from their performance at Berlin Atonal on December 2 1983. The rest of the Psychic TV set from this date can be found on Berlin Atonal Vol. 1.
 Live Eschaton is the first live performance recording by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth. While originally recorded on VHS reissues have been released on DVD as Live Eschaton: The Art of Rebellion. Metal Mind Productions also reissued a limited edition box set of Live Eschaton: The Art of Rebellion which contains the concert on DVD with extras and a bonus CD which contains only the concert. It was limited to 2000 copies and was released in 2009. Only VHS version is authorized.
 We Are Ever So Clean is the first album by Blossom Toes.It is listed in Record Collector’s 100 Greatest Psychedelic Records.Richie Unterberger: One of the happiest most underappreciated relics of British psychedelia
 Return to Earth 91–93 is a compilation album from California Stoner rock band Fu Manchu on Elastic Records. The album is a collection of three early singles released in 1992 along with two bonus songs. The band features Glen Chivenson lead guitar before he was replaced by Eddie Glass on the debut album. This compiliation has more of a gritty and punk edge to it than their later albums did.
 20:20 was a planned box set release by singer-songwriter Ryan Adams rumored to have a scheduled release in late 2007. Adams stated that the box set would include albums that he really wanted to be records.According to Adams the box set was to include five unreleased albums: The Suicide Handbook 48 Hours Pinkhearts Darkbreaker and Black Hole. Adams stated that the five albums would be: collected into a box-set called 20:20.
 The Resurrection is the fifth album by the American deathrock band Theatre of Ice.
 Thirtysixstrings was the first album from Dublin-based instrumental band The Redneck Manifesto.
 All Time Greatest Hits Vol. 1-4 are four compilation albums issued by RCA of early 1940s Tommy Dorsey tracks featuring Frank Sinatra.The albums contain hits such as I'll Never Smile Again and I'll Be Seeing You.
 iTunes Session is a live EP by Billy Talent released as a digital download on February 16 2010 exclusively via iTunes. The EP features live performances of 7 songs from all of the band's three albums. It is part of the Live Session (iTunes Exclusive) series.
 Reminisce Cafe is a landmark album by Gene Summers released in 2008. It is his 50th anniversary Album (CD) issued by Seduction Records on February 1 2008 exactly 50 years to the day of the release of his first hit single School Of Rock 'n Roll/ Straight Skirt.
 Oofotr (released 1995 by Norske Gram - Ekgcd 11) is a Norwegian studioalbum by the band Oofotr performing traditional music from Ofoten with a jazz influence.
 Let's Go is the second studio album by the American punk rock band Rancid. It was released on June 21 1994 through Epitaph Records and was the band's first album to feature Lars Frederiksen on guitar. The album initially achieved little mainstream success though it appealed to the band's fanbase.
 Åsmund Frægdegjevar is the first full-length album by the Norwegian folk metal band Lumsk. It was released on August 25 2003 by Spikefarm. A concept album it adapts the Norwegian legend Åsmund Frægdegjevar into an experimental folk metal project.
 The Shirley Bassey Singles Album is a compilation album released in 1975 by British singer Shirley Bassey.Having seen a sales dip in the latter half of the 1960s Shirley Bassey enjoyed a successful comeback in the 1970s beginning with the single and album hits Something.
 The Fabulous Johnny Cash is the third album by country singer Johnny Cash. It was released in November 1958 by the Columbia label after Cash's departure from Sun Records and was re-issued in 2002 (see 2002 in music) by Sony Music's Legacy imprint. The re-issue contains six bonus tracks. Legacy Records reissued the album in 180 gram vinyl for Record Store Day in November 23rd 2012.
 Ms. Kelly is the second solo studio album by American recording artist Kelly Rowland. It was first released on June 20 2007 by Columbia Records in collaboration with Music World Entertainment and Sony Music. Originally branded My Story and expected for a mid-2006 release the album marked Rowland's first regular solo release in four years.
 Five Live is a live EP by alternative rock band Toad the Wet Sprocket. The EP was a limited pressing of 5000 copies bundled with the first pressing of the album fear. Recorded at the Whisky A Go-Go in 1992 it contains 4 live songs from their prior albums as well as a live version of Hold Her Down which is from the Fear album.
 You the Night ... and the Music is the debut album of Gallon Drunk released on September 11 1992 through Clawfist.
 Black Mafia is the second album released by rap group Steady Mobb'n. It was released on November 24 1998 through No Limit Records and was produced by Beats By the Pound and Meech Wells. Black Mafia failed to match the success of the previous album Pre-Meditated Drama only reaching #82 on the Billboard 200 and #19 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.There was a single called called Ghetto Life feat Snoop Dogg which was only a minor hit. This was Steady Mobb'n's last album with No Limit Records.
 Tropical Family is a banner for a musical collective of artists who came together in 2013 to collaborate on an album of tropical music and summer-y dance songs. The 12-track album was released on 1 July 2013 with 12 cover versions of well-known songs by diverse artists.
 Fastway is the first album by the band Fastway.Founding member Pete Way (ex bass guitar player with UFO) did not actually play on the album. By the time the recording sessions began he had already left the band.
 Downfall - The Early Years is a compilation album of the Dutch band The Gathering. The record was first released on 22 May 2001 by Hammerheart Records label. On 15 September 2008 an expanded version of the album was released by Vic Records.
 Hai Hai is the 2nd solo album by ex-Supertramp singer/guitarist/keyboardist Roger Hodgson released in 1987.
 Las Reinas Del Pueblo English: The Queens of The Village is a 1995 greatest hits album featuring 6 songs of the Famous Tejano Superstar Selena and 6 songs of Graciela Beltrán. The album spent four weeks on the Billboard Charts in North America.
 Duplicity is the debut full-length studio album by English trance metal band Silent Descent. It was released on March 12 2008. A music video was made for the title track Duplicity.
 Crime and Dissonance is a 2005 compilation album of Italian composer Ennio Morricone's film score work. Intended as a follow-up to two earlier Morricone compilations assembled by Dagored the album was put together by Alan Bishop and released by Ipecac Recordings.
 Catalogue of Generous Men is the first full-length album released by Modern Skirts. The album was released in August 2004 and subsequently won an Athens Music Award for Album of the Year as well as for Best Cover Art.The album has received accolades in Paste Magazine on National Public Radio (NPR) and in other local and national media outlets.
 Vices is the third full-length album by Christian hard rock band Dead Poetic. The album was released on October 31 2006 through Tooth & Nail Records.
 Time Flies is the tenth studio album from American country music singer John Michael Montgomery. It was released October 14 2008 on his own label Stringtown Records as his first studio album since Letters from Home four years previous. Three singles have been released from it. The first two Mad Cowboy Disease and If You Ever Went Away both failed to chart on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.
 Erdenkraft is the fourth album by the German folk/black/viking metal band Adorned Brood. It was released on 22 March 2002.
 Hamburg Rom Wolfsheim (1997) is the fifth album by the German synthpop duo Wolfsheim. It is their first and only live album.
 Caillou's Favorite Songs (French: 'Chansons préférées de Caillou') is a children's album based on the Canadian TV series by Cinar and Cookie Jar. The songs were arranged composed produced and conducted by Jeffrey Zann (the composer of the series).
 Open Heart Symphony is a 1996 album by Spirit of the West in collaboration with the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra.The band recorded two shows with the orchestra on May 12 and May 13 1995 at the Orpheum Theatre. The shows included several renditions of the band's best known songs and an entire album's worth of songs written specifically for the symphony shows.
 Saigon Kick is the eponymous debut album by the band Saigon Kick. It features backing vocals by then future Journey singer Jeff Scott Soto.
 Pissed Tae Th' Gills is a live album by The Real McKenzies. The album is subtitled as A Drunken Live Tribute to Robbie Burns. It was released in 2002.
 Translating the Name is the debut release by Saosin the only release to feature current Circa Survive vocalist Anthony Green instead of Cove Reber as well as Pat Magrath and Zach Kennedy. Guitarist Beau Burchell stated that drummer Alex Rodriguez intended to track the drums for Translating the Name but had a prior commitment with his former band Open Hand before he could join. Pat Magrath was hired as a session musician and played with Saosin only briefly before Rodriguez could join.
 Snow Angels is the ninth studio album and second Christmas album by Over the Rhine released independently in 2006. The album was released by Great Speckled Dog on October 2 2007.Snow Angels was released ten years after the group's first Christmas disc 1996's The Darkest Night of the Year. While Darkest Night was largely composed of interpretations of traditional Christmas songs Snow Angels was almost entirely original material.
 Pizza Deliverance is the second album released by Alabama country rock group Drive-By Truckers released in 1999. It was recorded with high spirits in five days at Patterson Hood's house. The album was mixed by Andy LeMaster. The album cover art was created by Jim Stacy.
 Up the Dose is the second and final album by the five-piece nu metal/alternative metal music group Skrape. The album was released on January 13 2004 after it was initially scheduled for a September 2003 release. Unlike their debut album Up the Dose steered away from the band's previous more nu metal sound focusing more on melodic vocals while still keeping the signature groove and rock hooks.
 Whatever is the second studio album by Nashville pop rock band Hot Chelle Rae. It was released by RCA Records on November 29 2011 to generally favorable reviews from music critics. Two singles have been released from the album prior to its release: Tonight Tonight and I Like It Like That featuring New Boyz. Honestly (released March 22 2012) is the album's third single.
 Featuring...Ice Cube is a compilation album released by Ice Cube in 1997. The material featured on the compilation spans a length of about seven years. The earliest tracks are taken from the 1990 album AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted while Bend a Corner Wit Me was a brand new release at the time. The compilation was released while Ice Cube was enjoying notoriety from his recent success with Westside Connection.
 Malaysian Idol 2 is the self titled compilation released by the finalists of Malaysian Idol 2.
 Dinosaur Sounds is a 2003 Catch 22 album and shows the band finally emerging from the shadow of former frontman Tomas Kalnoky. The album is a radical departure from previous work; while the band maintains its trademark aggression and inquisitive nature the topics have steered back to rock and roll staples like relationship woes and alcohol occasionally dabbling into the dark themes that made the band so distinctive compared to its ska contemporaries.
 Ruthensmear is the first solo album by guitarist Pat Smear.
 Love Among the Cannibals is an album released in 1989 by rock band Starship. It was the first album after Grace Slick's departure from the band and their last studio release. The song Wild Again had previously been produced for the soundtrack to Cocktail (1988) and was included as an bonus track for the album's CD release.
 Heavensong: Music of Contemplation and Light is a religious compilation album released by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. The album reached topped the Billboard Classical albums chart. The album features guest artists Igor Gruppman (track 10) and David Foster (track 13). The album was recorded live in the Tabernacle in Salt Lake City on September 8-12 2009.
 Into the Woods is an EP by the Icelandic indie folk/indie pop band Of Monsters and Men released in the United States on 20 December 2011. Featuring songs from their album My Head Is an Animal the EP peaked at number 108 on the U.S. Billboard 200.
 Loss is the debut album of Scottish indie pop band Mull Historical Society. It includes the singles Barcode Bypass I Tried Animal Cannabus and Watching Xanadu. The album reached number 43 in the UK album chart. It was inspired by the sudden death of his father in 1999 and his upbringing on the Isle of Mull. It contains samples from a Caledonian MacBrayne ferry and the waves on Calgary Bay in Mull.
 Oscar Peterson Trio + One is a 1964 album by Oscar Peterson featuring Clark Terry.
 Hits 94 Volume 1 was the first and only compilation in the Hits 94 series. In 1993 there were 4 volumes of the Hits series however the series was discontinued after this release. The album was released on CD and Cassette by Telstar Records and BMG and it charted at #2 in March 1994.
 Outskirts of Town is the tenth studio album released by the American country music band Sawyer Brown released in 1993 on Curb Records. The third and final album of their career to receive RIAA gold certification it produced four hit singles on the Billboard country charts: Thank God for You (the band's third and final #1) The Boys and Me (#4) the title track (#40) and Hard to Say (#5). A dance mix of The Boys and Me is also included as a bonus track.
 The Haunted Man is the third studio album by English recording artist Bat for Lashes. It was released on 11 October 2012 by Parlophone. The album was preceded by the lead single Laura which was released on 24 July 2012.
 Willst du mit mir geh'n? (German: Do you want to go with me?) is the thirteenth studio album of German pop singer Nena. It is a two-CD set with the first CD more energetic and the second more meditative. The album reached No. 2 in Germany while the single Liebe ist reached No. 1. The other singles were Willst du mit mir geh'n? and Lass mich.
 Traumreisen is the seventh studio album by the German solo artist Michael Rother. It was released in 1987.The album was recorded between January and July 1987 in Germany at Rother's own studio Fernwärme Studio in Forst. Receiving positive reviews the album was released as an LP CD and Cassette in 1987. The album was reissued on CD in 1993 with bonus tracks and having been remastered. The artwork for the album includes photography by Ann Weitz.
 The Spirit of Christmas 2000 is the seventh compilation album of Christmas-associated tracks in the annual Spirit of Christmas series. It was released in Australia in November 2000 with proceeds going to The Salvation Army's Red Shield Appeal which supports at-risk children and youth throughout the country. The compilation has contributions from various Australian artists and was produced by Lindsay Field (also compiler) and Glenn Wheatley. It was issued on cassette and CD by Myer Grace Bros.
 Kost u grlu (trans. Bone in the Throat) is the 1979 debut album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba.The album was polled in 1998 as the 16th on the list of 100 greatest Yugoslav rock and pop albums in the book YU 100: najbolji albumi jugoslovenske rok i pop muzike (YU 100: The Best albums of Yugoslav pop and rock music).
 Ghost Tropic is the fifth regular studio album by Songs: Ohia. It was recorded by Mike Mogis at Dead Space Recording Studio in Lincoln Nebraska. The album's name refers to two short instrumentals that are surrounded by six vocal tracks of at least five and up to twelve minutes length. The reviews noted the somber and dark mood permeating the album. According to Pitchfork Media Ghost Tropic (...) sounds as though it were recorded live in a haunted hut somewhere in an Ecuadorian rainforest.
 Live at Stubb's Vol. 2 is the third live album by Matisyahu. The album is a sequel to his debut live album. It was recorded live at Stubb's in Austin Texas on August 18 2010.
 Walking on Eggshells is the second studio album by Paddy Milner released on 2004-10-25.Recorded mainly at Gallery Studios with encouragement from the studio's owner and Roxy Music guitarist Phil Manzanera.
 Sweet Exorcist is the sixth studio album by Curtis Mayfield released in 1974. The album was recorded at Curtom Studios acquired by Mayfield's Curtom record label from RCA in Chicago by R. Anfinsen and J. Janus.
 Firewater is the fourth full-length album released by indie rock band Silkworm. It was engineered by Steve Albini who worked on most of the band's recorded work. The album was recorded and released two years after guitarist/vocalist Joel RL Phelps left the band leaving the remaining members to record this album as a trio. It would be the band's first album released on Matador Records.
 Live at CBGB 1982 is a live album and DVD capturing hardcore punk/reggae group Bad Brains in concert at the historic New York City club CBGB in December 1982. The show features several tracks from the first three Bad Brains albums - Black Dots Bad Brains and the soon-to-be-released Rock for Light.
 I Hear a New World: an outer space music fantasy is a concept album devised and composed by Joe Meek and recorded by the Blue Men in 1959. It was released in part in 1960 and in full in 1991 by RPM Records. It was later analyzed by Barry Cleveland in his book Creative Music Production: Joe Meek's Bold Techniques.In its September 1998 issue (number 175) music magazine The Wire listed the album in the lead article 100 Records that Set the World on Fire (When No One Was Listening).
 Ripped 'N' Torn is the eighth studio album by punk rock band The Lurkers.
 Hong Kong is a live album by Jean Michel Jarre and released in 1994 on Disques Dreyfus licensed to Polydor. Even though the album is called Hong Kong and has pictures of the event on its booklet most of the tracks are from the Europe in Concert venues except for Souvenir of China which is a special mix consisting of the Paris la Defense version and the actual track played in Hong Kong.
 Beat'n Down Yo Block! is the debut album from Atlanta based rapper Unk. It was released October 3 2006.Beat'n Down Yo Block! features many prominent southern rappers among them D.G. Yola Baby D and Dem Franchize Boyz. It also features production by Jazze Pha.Koch Records re-released an expanded edition of the album on September 25 2007 featuring previously unreleased tracks and a bonus DVD.
 A Family Business a 2011 compilation album released on Saguaro Road Records and Time–Life Music. Based on the American reality series Brandy and Ray J: A Family Business which aired on the VH1 network between the years of 2010 and 2011 it was released as a soundtrack accompanying the series' second and final season.
 Precious is the second album by the rock group Ours and it was released November 5 2002. When recording this album Jimmy Gnecco wanted to get it done quickly and didn't aim for the polished production achieved on their previous record.
 1958 is a hip-hop album by the group Soul-Junk.
 Innercity Griots is the second studio album from the American hip hop group Freestyle Fellowship. It was released on April 28 1993 on 4th & B'way Records and distributed through Island Records.
 The Boy Next Door is an album by Anglo-American jazz singer Stacey Kent. The songs are associated with some of Kent's musical heroes.
 1 + 2 Alan Wilder's first solo release away from Depeche Mode is a Recoil studio EP released in August 1986. The CD and cassette version were released two years later with Recoil's second release Hydrology.Wilder had always experimented with his own ideas but when Daniel Miller heard some demos (recorded on a Portastudio a 4-track cassette machine) and asked to reproduce them Recoil became a musical entity.
 Mental Notes is the 1975 debut album by New Zealand art rock band Split Enz. The album cover was painted by band member Phil Judd. Original vinyl copies featured Phil saying Make a mental note in the runout groove of the record's second side causing the phrase to be looped ad infinitum until the needle was removed from it.
 Throwin' Down is a Rick James album from 1982. It was released on the Gordy Records imprint of Motown Records. Although not as popular as Street Songs Throwin' Down saw another RIAA certified gold album from James. With appearances by The Temptations Teena Marie and Jefferson Airplane/Starship lead vocalist Grace Slick the record was nominated for an American Music Award for Favorite Soul/R&B Album.
 Yasmina a Black Woman is a jazz album by Archie Shepp recorded in 1969 in Paris for BYG Actuel records. It features musicians from the Art Ensemble of Chicago.
 Una Mattina (2004) is a music album by the Italian pianist Ludovico Einaudi. He describes Una Mattina by saying If someone asked me about this album I would say it is a collection of songs linked together by a story. But unlike my other albums it doesn't belong to a time in the past. It speaks about me now my life the things around me.
 Welcome to the World is the second and final Psycho Motel album released in 1997. It features a different vocalist from the band's first album 1996's State of Mind. In place of Hans Olav Solli is Andy Makin whose dark lyrics and distinctive vocal delivery differentiate the album from its predecessor. It also features Scott Gorham of Thin Lizzy and Dave Murray of Iron Maiden as guest guitarists.In 2006 Welcome to the World was re-released with two bonus tracks.
 My Way is the sixth solo album by British artist Ian Brown. The album was released on 28 September 2009. The album's lead single Stellify was released on 21 September 2009. In an interview with XFM Manchester he claimed that the song was originally written for Rihanna but he realised he had created a great sound so claimed the track for himself.The second single Just Like You was released on 30 November 2009
 Drankin' Patnaz is the second studio album by southern rap duo YoungBloodZ. It was released on August 26 2003.
 The Medicine is the debut studio album by Christian singer-songwriter John Mark McMillan and it released on July 6 2010 by Integrity Music. The producer on the album is McMillan.
 Françoise Hardy is the second studio album of the French popular singer Françoise Hardy. Like many of Hardy's earlier albums it was released with no title except for her name on the cover. In the UK the album was released as Françoise Hardy – In Vogue (Pye Records). The Brazilian band Os Mutantes covered the song Le premier bonheur du jour on their debut 1968 album Os Mutantes. Le premier bonheur du jour is also on the 2014 album Dream a Little Dream by Pink Martini and The von Trapps.
 Quiet Music 1 (1986) is an album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach.Quiet Music 1 was the first part of a series of three cassette releases. The material on these cassettes was commissioned for several healing arts programs and was recorded between the years 1983 and 1986. They have a pastoral and reassuring atmosphere that is rare in Steve Roach’s albums. Quiet Music 1 features a mixture of electronic textures nature recordings and flute.
 Different Damage is a Q and Not U album that was recorded at Inner Ear Studios in May/June 2002 and released in October 2002 on Dischord Records. It was engineered and produced by Ian MacKaye and Don Zientara and mastered by Chad Clark at Silver Sonya. The front cover and insert photography was taken by Shawn Brackbill in the accident inspection bay at the Geico headquarters in NW Washington D.C. The back cover was shot by Brackbill at the Tidal Basin in Washington D.C.
 The Modern Age is the debut EP by American indie rock band The Strokes. It was released on January 29 2001 in the United Kingdom and May 22 2001 in the United States sparking a bidding war among record labels; the largest for a rock band in years.All the songs were re-recorded for their debut album Is This It with slightly different lyrics and song structures.
 The Prophetic Herbie Nichols Vol. 2 is the second album by American jazz pianist Herbie Nichols featuring performances recorded and released on the Blue Note label in 1955 as a 10 inch LP.
 ...a nastal chaos is a hip-hop debut album by highly influential Czech group Chaozz released in 1996. It was certified platinum in the Czech Republic and gold in Slovakia selling nearly 50000 copies. Music videos were made for Televize Policijeee Planeta opic and Nejhorsi den v mym zivote
 Rissi Palmer is the self-titled debut album from country music singer Rissi Palmer issued on 1720 Entertainment. It debuted at #56 on the Top Country Albums chart in addition to peaking at #16 on the Top Heatseekers and #41 in the Indie charts. The album's two singles Country Girl and Hold on to Me both charted on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.
 Flamejob is the sixth studio album (and 11th album overall) by the American garage punk band The Cramps. It was released on Creation Records. It was recorded and mixed at the engineer Earle Mankey's Psychedelic Shack in Thousand Oaks California. It was self-produced by Poison Ivy and Lux Interior. A UK-only reissue in 2003 contained two versions of Ultra Twist! The cover photography was by Lux Interior.
 The music of the Final Fantasy Tactics series composed of Final Fantasy Tactics a spin-off of the main Final Fantasy series Final Fantasy Tactics Advance a spin-off game from Final Fantasy Tactics its sequel Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift and Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions a remake of Final Fantasy Tactics was primarily composed by Hitoshi Sakimoto. He was assisted by Masaharu Iwata in composing the music for Final Fantasy Tactics.
 Rocked and Ripped is a 2011 album by the American band BulletBoys.
 Go West is the fourth studio album by the Village People released on March 26th 1979. It features their hit singles In the Navy (#2 on the Billboard Hot 100) and Go West of which the Pet Shop Boys made a successful cover in 1993.This album was reissued to CD in 1999.
 Estrellas del Caos is a 2006 album of the Venezuelan Ska band Desorden Público. It includes seventeen tracks.
 Deep Forest is the first and eponymous studio album by the musical group Deep Forest: French duo Eric Mouquet and Michel Sanchez.
 Silence Magnifies Sound is the second studio album from Ohio post-rock band The Six Parts Seven. It was released November 14 2000 and was released on Troubleman Unlimited. It includes the songs 'Spaces Between Days (Parts 1 & 2)' with parts 3 and 4 on the following album Things Shaped in Passing.[citation needed]
 Good News for People Who Love Bad News is the fourth full-length album recorded by indie rock band Modest Mouse.The album was released by Epic Records on April 6 2004 on both CD and 180g/m² vinyl record. It was rereleased on DualDisc on October 11 2005.
 Envane is an EP by Autechre first released on 27 January 1997 in the UK. The EP consists of four tracks which Sean Booth has described as originating from the same basis. Like Anvil Vapre the vinyl release of Envane split the tracks across two 12 records that were sold separately.Goz Quarter has also been incorrectly referred to as 902 Quarter due to the typeface used. The sleeve is designed by Sheffield-based design agency The Designers Republic.
 Master of Styles is the sixth album by The Urge. It was released in 1998 in cassette and CD format. The Album produced 3 singles (“Jump Right In” “Straight to Hell” and “Closer”) and sold 250000 copies. “Jump Right In” featured guest vocals by Nick Hexum of 311 and hit the #10 position on the Modern Rock list.
 Erasing the Goblin is the twelfth studio album by the Australian Christian metal band Mortification.
 6/8/00 – Paris France is a two-disc live album and the tenth in a series of 72 live bootlegs released by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam from the band's 2000 Binaural Tour. It was released along with the other official bootlegs from the European leg of the tour on September 26 2000.
 Turtleneck & Chain is the second studio album of the American comedy troupe The Lonely Island whose members are Andy Samberg Akiva Schaffer and Jorma Taccone. The album was released May 10 2011 on Universal Republic Records. Turtleneck & Chain has been nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album.
 Scheissmessiah is the fourth full-length release by American Industrial metal band Hanzel und Gretyl. It was released on October 12 2004 on Metropolis Records. Like the CD that preceded it Uber Alles this was a concept album that parodied Handel's Messiah with a satanic metal twist.
 Hasta Ahora ('Til Now) is the compilation album from Sin Bandera. It was released on December 4 2007.
 Hank Williams The Roy Orbison Way is an album recorded by Roy Orbison for MGM Records released in August 1970. It is a tribute album to the songs of Country Music Hall of Fame honky tonk singer Hank Williams whom Orbison listed among his influences. The album was recorded in just three sessions in early 1969 and none of its tracks were released as singles.
 The Long Way Home is the seventh studio album by Canadian country music artist Terri Clark. The album was released on September 1 2009 in Canada and through digital retailers in United States and was released to other American retailers on October 20.
 All the Mixes is a 1996 album by Maggie Reilly as MR.It features mixes of the singles from album Elena
 The Dream is the first full length album by the indie rock band Open Hand released on February 24 2003. It consists of their two demo EPs: Evolution (tracks 1-5) and Radio Days (tracks 6-10); while Track 11 626 is a new song.
 More is the second album released by singer Vitamin C in 2001. The album was not as successful as Vitamin C's previous eponymous album both in terms of chart positions and sales. The album peaked at #122 on the Billboard 200 albums chart and was uncertified. Like her debut the Japanese version of the album contains a bonus track This Summer I.I Know What Boys Like is a cover of the 1980s band The Waitresses.
 Chuck Berry Twist is a compilation album by rock and roll icon Chuck Berry. The album was released in February 1962 by Chess Records during Chuck Berry's imprisonment. The title was an attempt to cash in on the new Twist craze instigated in 1960 by Chubby Checker even though none of the songs musically conformed to the Twist style (indeed most of the songs predated the introduction of the Twist). The album was reissued a year later with a new title: More Chuck Berry.
 On is the fifth studio album from Japanese electronica/rock duo Boom Boom Satellites released on May 17 2006. The album was released in two editions: a regular edition and a limited edition that included a DVD.On the Oricon rankings the album reached a peak rank of 8 and charted for 12 weeks.
 Erdentempel is the fourth and upcoming studio album by German folk metal band Equilibrium. The album will contain the first song of the band in English. It will be the last album to feature founding members and siblings Andreas Völkl and Sandra Van Eldik who decided to leave the band prior to its release.
 All That Jazz is the title of the debut album by the British pop group Breathe released in April 1988. The album peaked at #22 on the UK Albums Chart and at #34 on the US albums chart. It has been certified Silver in the UK by the BPI and Gold in the US by the RIAA.The group's first single Don't Tell Me Lies was released in 1986 and reached #77 on the UK Singles Chart. In 1987 the group began working on the rest of the tracks to be included on All That Jazz.
 Gone Wanderin' is a 2002 album released by Jackie Greene.
 The Great Impression is the second full-length studio album by Australian alternative rock band Sparkadia. It was released on 18 March 2011 with Talking Like I'm Falling Down Stairs and China released as singles prior to the album's release.
 The Meat & Oil EP is a studio EP from American indie hip hop producer Jel. It was released on Mush Records in 2002.
 The Latin Bit is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1962 and released on the Blue Note label. It is a loose concept album based around Latin American music.
 El Último Trago is an 2009 album by Concha Buika and Chucho Valdés produced by Javier Limón.Javier Limón describes the concept of the album as bringing together Afro-Cuban Jazz idol Chucho Valdés with Afro-Flamenco Jazz singer Buika working on the ranchera songs originally sung by Costa Rican-Mexican Chavela Vargas.It features a note written by director Pedro Almodóvar who had worked repeatedly with Vargas.
 A Wonderful Journey (Chinese: 美好的旅行; pinyin: Měihǎo de lǚxíng) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Ariel Lin's (Chinese: 林依晨) second Mandarin studio album. It was released on 21 August 2010 by Avex Taiwan with a limited edition A Wonderful Journey (Limited Commemorate Edition) (美好的旅行 限量紀念精裝版) available on preorder.
 Ignore the Ants is the third studio album by American alternative rock band Caroline's Spine. This was the first album to feature their future hit Sullivan. It also featured several other tracks which would be re-recorded for future albums.
 On Fyre is the first studio album by the American Garage Rock band Lyres released in 1984 by the label Ace Of Hearts and reissued in 2002 by Matador Records.The album contains several quotes from songs of the 1960s for example Don't Give It Up Now contains an excerpt of the guitar riff of Lucifer Sam by the Pink Floyd and I'm Telling You Girl contains an excerpt of the guitar riff of You Really Got Me by the Kinks.
 Dune is the first album by German band Dune. It was released in 1995 on the label Motor Music.
 Singles Club is a box set (or digital download) released by American rock band Paramore. The songs were released as promotional singles between October and December 2011 culminating in the release of a box set containing the three constituent songs plus Monster which was recorded during the same sessions. The box set was not released on iTunes and is only available on the Paramore website.
 Now Then... is the fourth album by Stiff Little Fingers released in 1982 (see 1982 in music).
 Salve the Goat...Iblis Exelsi is the debut EP by Singaporean black metal band Impiety. It was released in 1993 through the Dutch-based label Shivadarshana Records. Later made available as violet-colored 7 in the United States by Fudgeworthy Records.The EP was recorded 15 September 1993 at The Womb of Leftness Studio 666; compared to the preceding release it was recorded at a better studio with a more 'metal-educated' engineer.
 Still Da Baddest is the fourth studio album by American rapper Trina. It was released on April 1 2008. The song was proceeded by the lead single Single Again on November 6 2007. Following poor chart performance I Got a Thang for You was released as the album second single featuring Keyshia Cole.
 Jolly What! England's Greatest Recording Stars: The Beatles and Frank Ifield on Stage is a 1964 compilation album released by Vee-Jay Records and featuring tracks by English rock band The Beatles and by the Australian-English easy listening and country singer Frank Ifield.Ifield toured the UK in 1963. While Vee-Jay Records temporarily had the US rights to a number of The Beatles' recordings they released Jolly What! on 26 February 1964.
 Video Croissant was Faith No More's second VHS release. It was released in 1993 and features most of the band's music videos. On different versions of the tape all of the music videos from that period can be obtained.The Store version of the tape is commonly found in stores. The Special Edition version is only obtainable through the Faith No More website. The Japanese version features almost all the music videos but has bonus live video of Epic added to it.
 À la carte (アラカルト Arakaruto) is the first mini-album by Fujifabric released in October 2002 under the independent Japanese record label Song-Crux.
 Un Sentimiento (A Feeling) is the 14th studio album by the Mexican group Los Freddy's. The album was released in 1976.
 David Foster is a self-titled solo album released in 1986. The album is mainly instrumental with two duet-style songs featuring rare vocals from Foster himself. This work led to Foster receiving the Juno Award for Instrumental Artist of the Year in 1986 and 1987 and a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Instrumental Performance in 1986. Co-producer Humberto Gatica was also nominated for a Grammy Award in 1986 for Best Engineered Recording for this album.
 What Will We Be is Devendra Banhart's seventh studio album released on October 27 2009 on Warner Bros. Records. The album was co-produced by Banhart and Paul Butler from A Band of Bees. Rejoining Banhart are old band mates Noah Georgeson Greg Rogove Luckey Remington and Rodrigo Amarante all of whom worked with him on his previous album Smokey Rolls Down Thunder Canyon.
 Circle is the eleventh studio album by Finnish heavy metal band Amorphis. Recorded at Petrax Studio in Hollola and at 5K Studios in Helsinki it is the first Amorphis album since Far from the Sun (2003) not to be produced by Marco Hietala or to be based on the Finnish national epic Kalevala. Instead Circle was produced by Peter Tägtgren and focuses on an original story penned by lyricist Pekka Kainulainen. The album was released on April 19 2013 through Nuclear Blast.
 Emeis (Greek: Εμεις; English: We) is the name of a Greek album jointly recorded by singers Anna Vissi and Nikos Karvelas. It was released in Greece and Cyprus in 1992 by Sony Music Greece. It has achieved gold status. It features her classic song Den Thelo Na Kseris.
 It's All on U Vol. 2 is the fourth studio album by rapper B.G. released on November 11 1997 on Cash Money Records. It's All on U Vol. 1 is his previous album. All tracks from It's All on U Vol. 2 were produced and contributed by Cash Money in-house producer Mannie Fresh. This Album was Re-Released in 1999 when Cash Money Signed a Pressing and Distribution Deal With Universal Records in 1998.
 Peggy is a 1977 album by Peggy Lee. It was arranged and conducted by Pete Moore.
 10th Anniversary Album is a studio album by The Ventures which was released to commemorate the band's 10th anniversary in 1970. It is a double LP which features covers of classic 60's pop hits an including hits by The Beatles and Simon & Garfunkel and some songs from early 1970 such as Who'll Stop the Rain and Bridge Over Troubled Water. The album peaked at position 91 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 The Oceanic Concerts is a collaboration album with Pete Townshend and Raphael Rudd that was first publicly released in 2001.Townshend sings a selection of Who standards (The Seeker Bargain Drowned even the comical Tattoo) as Rudd accompanies him on harp. Rudd a harpist and pianist had been a member of the band Renaissance between 1984-87. He died shortly after the release of this recording in April 2002.
 Trilogy is a box set by the German musical project Enigma. This set includes the first three studio albums by Enigma MCMXC a.D. The Cross of Changes and Le Roi est mort vive le Roi! which comprises their artistic output from 1990–1996.
 Raspberries' Best Featuring Eric Carmen more commonly known as Raspberries' Best is a 1976 compilation album by Raspberries. The album contained songs from each of the groups four LP's which were recorded between 1972 and 1974. Most of the tracks on this LP were among their seven charting hits. The group had already disbanded when this compilation was released.
 The Greatest Songs of the Sixties is Barry Manilow's sequel album for The Greatest Songs of the Fifties. The album was another major hit for Manilow in the United States selling nearly 50% more than his previous album in its opening week. As with its predecessor this album was produced by Clive Davis along with Manilow and David Benson.
 Nothing Worth Having Comes Easy is the second album by Sheffield band Little Man Tate released on 15 September 2008. It was released as a standard CD and a special enhanced version with exclusive video footage.
 Triple Exposure is an album by saxophonist Hal McKusick which was recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label.
 Madstock! is a live album by ska/pop band Madness released on 2 November 1992 (see 1992 in music). The album includes highlights from Madness' first concerts since their disbanding in 1986 on 8 and 9 August 1992 at Finsbury Park in London. The bill included Flowered Up Gallon Drunk Ian Dury and The Blockheads Morrissey and Madness. At the Saturday show Morrissey wrapped himself in a Union Jack flag attracting a group of right-wing types to gather close to the stage.
 A Portrait of Melba is the seventh album by singer Melba Moore released in 1977.
 Prodosia is an album by the Greek singer Mando. It was released in Greece in November 1998 by Sony Music Greece. It is her 9th album.
 Beware the Heavens is the first album by the power metal band Sinergy released in 1999. The album features two instrumental tracks Born Unto Fire and Passion and Pulsation and a track inspired by the series Xena: The Warrior Princess entitled The Warrior Princess.
 Dance Like Nobody's Watching is a six-track EP released by American ska/pop band Suburban Legends released on May 12 2006. The EP signaled a drastic change in the band's sound which also followed major lineup changes following the departure of lead vocalist Tim Maurer and trumpet player Aaron Bertram and the untimely death of trombonist Ryan Dallas Cook.
 EMPIRE is the third studio album by American recording artist Frankie DeCarlos.
 Morningwood is the first album by the New York City band Morningwood.
 Dancing the Blues is an album by American blues artist Taj Mahal released in 1993.
 Best Of is a compilation of songs released by the German hard rock singer Doro Pesch and by her former band Warlock with the label Vertigo Records. The compilation was published after the singer had left the label in 1996 ending a ten years long collaboration.
 Rarities is a compilation album by Mexican band Kinky. It was released in July 2006 on Sonic360 Records.
 Pretzel Nugget is a 1994 EP by the Beastie Boys released on the Grand Royal records label. Almost every song on the EP is from the contemporary album Ill Communication with the exception of Mullet Head which first appeared only on Japanese versions as a bonus track then worldwide on the 2009 remaster.
 The Shadows is an EP by The Shadows released in January 1961. The EP is a 7-inch vinyl record and released in mono with the catalogue number Columbia SEG 8061 and in stereo with the catalogue number Columbia ESG 7834. The Shadows was the UK number-one EP for 20 weeks having two separate stints at the top of the chart from January to June 1961. The cover photograph was taken by Angus McBean who botched the photo with artifacts necessitating the yellow sections.[citation needed]
 To N.Y. is the first studio album from the a cappella group Rockapella. The album featured covers of Japanese pop songs sung in English.
 Give Me Tonight is the sixth studio album by Canadian country music artist Chris Cummings. It was released by Royalty Records on September 21 2010. Welcome Back Heart Like a Stone and Leaving's Not an Option were released as singles.
 Choke is the final release by hardcore band Kiss It Goodbye. The band recorded this material initially in 1998 for an EP that was to be released by Sub Pop Records but it was never released by the label as Tim Singer soon decided to leave the band effectively dissolving it. The tracks were eventually released on Revelation records on this EP.
 Peter Gabriel Revisited is a compilation album which includes only songs of Peter Gabriel's first two albums as Atlantic had retained the US distribution rights to Gabriel's first and second albums. It compiles 7 of 9 tracks from the first album and 8 of 11 from the second. Allmusic noting that the compilation ill-served both committed and casual Gabriel fans labelled this album useless.
 See You at the Fair is an album by jazz saxophonist Ben Webster released on Impulse! Records.
 Tastemaker is the debut EP of rapper Pittsburgh Slim released by Def Jam Records on December 4 2007.
 Burning Up Years is the debut album by New Zealand blues-rock band The Human Instinct.
 Come with Me to Hell is the second studio album collaboration between Memphis-based rappers DJ Paul and Lord Infamous. It was released in 1994 and distributed through the independent record label Prophet Entertainment. A Remastered Edition of Come with Me 2 Hell was released on March 6th 2014.The album was produced by DJ Paul and fellow Three 6 Mafia founder Juicy J in its entirety.
 On the Strength is the reunion (and second) album by Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five. Released in 1988 it was the full line-up’s last album together.
 Greatest Hits is the first compilation album released by American boy band 'N Sync. Released on October 25 2005 the album debuted at #47 on the Billboard 200 albums chart. It didn't chart in the UK on release but debuted at #96 on the UK Albums Chart dated September 7 2013 in the wake of 'N Sync's brief reunion performance at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards. To date the album has sold less than half a million copies worldwide.
 ABC is the second studio album by The Jackson 5 issued on May 8 1970 on Motown Records. The album was released on the same day as The Beatles final studio album Let it Be. It featured the number-one singles ABC and The Love You Save.
 The Advantage is the debut release by American rock band The Advantage. It is their first full length studio album.
 Mic Tyson is the third solo studio album by American rapper Sean Price. It was released on October 30 2012.
 Red Hot Chili Peppers Live: I'm with You is the title of 2011 live concert by Red Hot Chili Peppers which was recorded live on August 30 2011 at E-Werk in Cologne Germany and shown via satellite (although on a delayed broadcast and not live) at 8pm in each time zone across the world at select movie theaters. Encore presentations were shown on September 1 2011.
 Golden is the first posthumous compilation album by the American alternative rock band Failure and contains both a CD and a DVD. Although the band had been inactive for many years founding members Ken Andrews and Greg Edwards got together to collaborate on this release which collects demos outtakes touring footage both of the band's videos and other rare material from the band's active period.
 An empty bliss beyond this World is an electronic music album from The Caretaker a project of musician James Kirby better known for his other project V/Vm. Pitchfork placed the album at number 22 on its list of the Top 50 albums of 2011 while Uncut placed it at number 47 on its list.
 Club Test 02 is Bloom 06's second EP released on June 16 2009 in Italy. The EP includes two new songs (the single Beats & Sweat and Dancing On the Moon) a remix of Eiffel 65's Move Your Body and a remix of Welcome to the Zoo.
 States is a best-of compilation with Klinik released after Dirk Ivens and Marc Verhaeghen decided to leave the band.
 It's My Way (also released as My Way) is an album by American jazz trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie featuring performances of popular songs recorded in 1969 and originally released on the Solid State label.
 Captured is the title of Journey's first live album. Recorded during their Departure tour it was released in February 1981 on the Columbia Records label. The album went on to sell two million copies reaching No. 9 on the Billboard 200 albums chart.This album was recorded during the band's Departure tour in 1980. Tracks 1 to 4 were taken from a performance recorded at The Forum in Montreal Quebec Canada on August 8 1980.
 Cool Mortification is the second album by the band Krabathor. It was originally released in 1993. It has been re-issued as a double CD with Only Our Death Is Welcome....
 Boogaloo Joe is the third album by guitarist Joe Jones which was recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label.
 M.O.R. is the official 6th studio album by Alabama 3. It was released on September 9 2007.
 Battle of the Field is a folk-rock album by the Albion Country Band recorded in summer 1973 immediately prior to the band's breakup and only released in 1976 following public demand.The album was produced and engineered by John Wood and was recorded at Sound Techniques Studio and Island Studio St Peter's Square London. The album cover was designed by Ian Logan Associates with photographs by Keith Morris and the original LP sleeve notes were by Rod McShane.
 Retrato de Mujer is the sixth album of Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario. It was released in 1979.
 High Lonesome is an album released in 1991 by American country music artist Randy Travis. It was released on August 27 1991. Four singles were released from the album. Forever Together (#1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts) Better Class of Losers (#2) Point of Light (#3) and I'd Surrender All reached number 20. All of these singles except Point of Light were co-written by Travis and country singer Alan Jackson.
 Ukulele Baby is the 37th The Wiggles album release featuring guest vocalist Rolf Harris and Hey Hey It's Saturday host Daryl Somers. It was released on the 5th of February 2011 & won the 2011 ARIA for Best Children's album.
 Take Time to Know Her is an album by Percy Sledge. It was originally released on Atlantic Records in 1968. It was re-released in 1998 on CD. Three singles from the album placed on the Billboard charts with the title track reaching number 11.
 The History of an Artist Vol. 2 is a 1972 studio album by Oscar Peterson the second of two albums so titled to provide a retrospective of his career. The History of an Artist series marked Peterson's first recordings for Norman Granz' new record label Pablo Records. Peterson had previously recorded for Granz' three former labels and would remain with Pablo until the mid-1980s.
 Episode II is the first mainstream studio album by Safri Duo a percussion duo from Denmark that released six classical albums before its breakthrough with the Michael Parsberg-produced hit Played-A-Live (The Bongo Song) the opening track of the album. It was released on June 26 2001 and reissued in 2002 with two additional tracks including a cover version of Sweet Freedom with vocals by American R&B/soul singer Michael McDonald.
 Bud Sweat and Beers is the debut studio album released by English rapper Devlin via Island Records and the Universal Music Group. The album was released on 29 October 2010 via digital download and 1 November 2010 physically. The album was produced by Labrinth Kraze Lewi White Futurecut and Naughty Boy. Featured guests on the album include Awa Manneh Hikaru Utada Labrinth Emeli Sandé Yasmin Dogzilla and Ghetts.
 Phantom Bride is a remix EP by Erasure. It was released by Mute Records on CD and download 12 October 2009 (2009-10-12) to commemorate the release of the 21st anniversary edition of The Innocents.The EP features new remixes of tracks from The Innocents album.
 A Nicer Shade of Red is a compilation album by the Rollins Band. It was recorded at the same sessions that produced Nice making it a companion piece to that album and was released directly by Rollins' 2.13.61 label. The album features four songs that only appeared on vinyl or foreign CD releases of Nice as well as an extended mix of Your Number Is One and a cover of Rocket from the Tombs' Ain't It Fun.
 The Unforgiven Forest is the first national release by the Axe Murder Boyz. It was released by Canonize Records in 2004.
 Virgins and Philistines is the debut album by British new wave band The Colourfield.
 Silent Scream is a 1985 album by the group Shooting Star.
 The Evil That Warmen Do is a 2010 compilation CD from Finnish metal band Warmen. The compilation goes along with the ten-year anniversary of the band's beginning. Warmen will also have a tenth anniversary show.
 Adam's Hit Parade is an EP by Adam Faith released in December 1960. The EP is a 7-inch vinyl record and released in mono with the catalogue number Parlophone Company Ltd. GEP 8811. Adams Hit Parade has the distinction of being the UK's number-one EP Number 1 EP on three different occasions. It first reached the number on spot on December 17 1960 but was bumped out a week later by Cliff Richard and The Shadows's Cliff's Silver Discs..
 So Many Partings is an album by Silly Wizard released in 1979 on the Shanachie Records label. On this album the songs The Valley Of Strathmore and The Highland Clearances were written by Andy M. Stewart.
 Gonna Have a Party...Live is the second live album of country music band Alabama.The album released in 1993 includes live versions of their biggest hit singles and their most popular album tracks.The album cover was conceived as something of a tribute to Crosby Stills & Nash's 1969 first album.
 Beautiful Garbage (also typeset beautifulgarbage) is the third album by alternative rock group Garbage. The album was released worldwide in October 2001 by Mushroom Records UK and in North America by Interscope and was the followup to the band's Grammy-nominated Version 2.0.
 Future's Gone Tomorrow / Life Is Here Today is the fourth album by Swedish pop singer Bosson. It was released in 2007 by SEO Music and Bonnier Amigo. It peaked in Sweden at #21 on the Swedish Album Charts. The album is typically Bosson-styled with his characteristic high pitched vocals. Out of the four singles released only What If I managed to enter the Swedish Charts peaking at #39.
 All Lights Fucked on the Hairy Amp Drooling is the earliest release from Canadian experimental musical collective Godspeed You! Black Emperor. It was published on cassette in December 1994 and limited to 33 copies. At this point the group consisted only of Efrim Menuck Mauro Pezzente and Mike Moya.The album is a vocal rock album that bears little relation to the band's later work and the group that produced it do not believe it to be interesting enough to re-release.
 Alice by the Moon is the second full-length studio release from The Checks and the first released on their own label.
 Live at Austin City Limits Festival by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison is a limited edition live album recorded from the Austin City Limits Festival concert at which he was the first night headliner on September 15 2006.
 Halls of Dimension is the fifty-seventh studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the twenty-seventh installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series. The album was part of a series of thirty pike albums that were released in close succession from one another during 2013.The album was announced and released on September 18 as both a digital version and as a limited edition consisting of 300 copies of an untitled white album signed by Buckethead himself.
 Back for Good is the seventh album of Modern Talking released on 30 March 1998 after the unexpected reunion of the duo. The 7th album of the German duo was released after almost 11 years of their absence. The album Back For Good is a collection of their previous hits which consists of 18 tracks including four new songs 13 previous hits in a redone format and 1 medley.
 Michael Jackson The One is the DVD release of a CBS special that aired in January 2004. Released by Epic Records it includes interviews with other celebrities about Jackson's influence on music and pop culture and also contains clips from Jackson's previous music videos. It was certified Gold in the US five months after release with shipments amassing 50000 units by that point. The certification body of the US—the RIAA—recognizes the DVD as an official Michael Jackson production.
 The Spear of the Lily Is Aureoled is the debut album by the American progressive death metal band Sculptured.
 Head on to Heartache is an EP by the American groove metal band DevilDriver. It contains five songs four of which were previously only available on special editions of their albums or on soundtracks of movies and one song from The Last Kind Words.
 The Frenz Experiment is the tenth studio album by English post-punk band The Fall. It was released on 29 February 1988 through record label Beggars Banquet.
 We're In Like Sin is the second album from Just Surrender. The first single for this album is Your Life And Mine. This is their second CD on their label Broken English Records. It was recorded by John Naclerio and mixed by Dan Coutant.The band's next full length album is Phoenix.
 Love Is The Message is the second album to be released by Philadelphia International Records houseband MFSB.
 Let's Dance is the third album by Australian pop singer Nikki Webster released in Australia on 21 June 2004 (see 2004 in music) by BMG/Gotham Records. It is an album which found Webster working with a different style of music a range of dance music was added.
 He perdido los zapatos is the debut album of Nena Daconte.
 At the Mountains of Madness is a 2005 double live album by American composer and saxophonist John Zorn's Electric Masada featuring performances recorded in Moscow and Ljubljana. It is the second release by Electric Masada.
 Monarch (Lay Your Jewelled Head Down) is the debut album by Feist released on 24 August 1999. It was recorded in Toronto and mixed at Hamilton's Catherine North Studio.
 The Disrupt is the debut album by Oh No an American hip hop rapper and producer signed to Stones Throw Records. Oh No produced the majority of this album however fellow Stones Throw producers Madlib and J Dilla had a few contributions. Some U.S.-manufactured copies of this album are missing the two bonus tracks.
 Good Dog Happy Man is the 11th album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. It was released in 1999 and features performances by Frisell Greg Leisz Wayne Horvitz Viktor Krauss and Jim Keltner with a guest appearance by Ry Cooder on guitar.
 Chic 'n Swell is a 1982 album by La Bottine Souriante.
 The Hits of Hank Snow is a compilation album by Canadian country singer Hank Snow (Clarence Eugene Hank Snow (May 9 1914 – December 20 1999)) released in 1978 on the RCA Victor label in the UK.
 The Time is the second album from British pop band Bros and the follow-up to the successful debut Push. It was released in 1989 and was their first album as a duo (Matt Goss and Luke Goss) due to the departure of Craig Logan earlier in the year. It was also the first album to feature Matt and Luke as co-writers along with Nicky Graham.The album reached #4 in the UK and spawned four hit singles. It ended up being certified Gold.
 Elvis Belt is an album of selected early singles EPs and Peel Sessions released by the Leeds-based indie rock band Cud in 1990 through Imaginary Records. LP catalogue number ILLCD 013The cover image features original Cud guitarist Dave Read sporting the Elvis Belt that gave him his nickname. Vinyl copies of the LP included a cartoon strip drawn by Cud bassist William Potter. An expanded double-CD version was released through Cherry Red Records in March 2008 and entitled Elvis Handbag.
 Revelation Time is an album by Max Romeo released in 1975.The album explored religious and social problems-oriented themes and is regarded as Romeo's best album along with War ina Babylon. Initially it was available only in Jamaica where it was re-released in 1977 as Warning Warning! with re-arranged track listing. The album saw its international release in 1978 as Open the Iron Gate again with altered running order.
 Souled Out is a live album from Contemporary Gospel singer Hezekiah Walker and the Love Fellowship Choir. The album was recorded at the Love Fellowship Tabernacle on June 7 2008 and released on November 4 2008 through Verity Records.
 Pure Electric Honey is Ant-Bee's full-length debut album released in 1990 on Voxx Records.
 Burn My Eye was the debut EP recorded by Sydney punk rock band Radio Birdman in October 1976. It was a low-budget EP recorded at Trafalgar Studios Sydney and released on the studio's own Trafalgar label after the band had been rejected by many other labels. Part of the reason that many labels were reluctant to sign the band was because of their unconventional sound which was quite different from the music then popular in the Australian rock scene during the 1970s.
 Sortovuodet 1994–2004 (2004) is a double compilation album by the Finnish rock group Absoluuttinen Nollapiste. The first disc consists of B-sides from singles and other rarities while the second disc is a complete live rendition of the album Suljettu.
 The State of Things is the debut album from Sheffield indie band Reverend and The Makers. The album reached number 5 in the UK Albums Chart selling just over 25000 copies in its first week.
 In Concert Volume Two is the fifth album by Christian singer Amy Grant released in 1981 (see 1981 in music).In Concert Volume Two was the second album of a double live set the other being In Concert which was released earlier that year. Although the two should have been issued as a double album budget problems forced the two to be released separately.
 Necropolis is the eighth studio album by the Polish death metal band Vader. The album was released on August 21 2009 by Nuclear Blast. The album was nominated for a Fryderyk Award in the category 'Heavy Metal Album of the Year (Album roku heavy metal)'. On April 8 2009 Vader released the first part of their studio report for the album.
 Esenciales: Luna is one of three CD compilation albums by Latin American Mexican rock band Maná. This album is a collection of their greatest hits along with Eclipse and Sol. Maná's Esenciales: Luna includes an unreleased song Te Llevaré Al Cielo and a bonus track Celoso from the movie soundtrack album My Family (Mi Familia). Their music videos for the songs En el Muelle de San Blas and Vivir Sin Aire (live) are included in the CD.
 One Sweet Hello is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb released in 1971 (see 1971 in music).
 Southern Comfort is a 1974 album by jazz-fusion band The Crusaders.
 Detunized Gravity is the first album of De-Phazz which was released in 1997.
 Blue Light Boogie is an album by American blues artist Taj Mahal.
 S.E.X.Y. is an EP album by R&B-singer TQ. It was released digitally on 23 March 2009 and 30 June 2009 on Compact Disc.
 Iconoclast (Part 1: The Final Resistance) is the fifth studio album by the German extreme metal band Heaven Shall Burn. The album was released in Europe on 28 January 2008 followed by an American release on 5 February 2008; both dates through Century Media Records.The album entered the German Media Control chart at No. 21.
 Bad Boy Live! is a live album recordeded by John Sykes in 2004 during a tour of Japan. It features Marco Mendoza on bass Tommy Aldridge on drums and Derek Sherinian on keyboards. This album includes songs from his Whitesnake Thin Lizzy and Blue Murder eras and also some songs from his solo albums.
 Une enfant du siècle (English: A Child of the Century) is the fourth studio album by the French recording artist Alizée the first one released under the Jive Records/Epic label and her first French-English-Spanish album language. The full album leaked on to the Internet on 19 March 2010. The album was released in France on 29 March 2010. The album was praised by critics considering it as a masterpiece and praised radical change in every way.
 Nobody Knows What You Do is an album by John Hartford released in 1976.
 Taught to Be Proud is the fourth studio album by Tea Leaf Green. It was originally released on November 15 2005 through Reincarnate Music.
 Xanadu (1981) is Menudo's eighth Spanish album and the second one released in 1981 featuring René Farrait Johnny Lozada Ricky Meléndez Xavier Serbiá and Miguel Cancel. On this album half of the songs were previously featured on past albums and re-recorded with this new line up; the other half of the songs are from other English speaking groups that were big hits in the late 70s and early 80s translated into Spanish.
 Bowie – The Video Collection is a video album by David Bowie released in 1993. It included most official music videos made by Bowie between 1972 and 1990.
 Lupe Fiasco's The Cool commonly referred to as simply The Cool is the second studio album by Chicago hip hop artist Lupe Fiasco released on December 18 2007 in the United States. The Cool is a loose concept album based on a song and its titular character from his debut album Food & Liquor. The album features production from Patrick Stump Soundtrakk Unkle and Chris & Drop among others. Guest appearances include Gemini Snoop Dogg and Matthew Santos.
 Indweller is the fifth and last studio album by the English group Quintessence. Dave Codling and Shiva Shankar Jones have left the group. The result are more acoustic and melodic songs without the energy that Shiva's voice and Dave's electric guitar gave to the compositions.
 The soundtrack to Godzilla: Final Wars was first released on December 2004 to accommodate with the film's release. It was then re-released on the Godzilla Perfect Soundtrack Collection Box Set #6 in early 2010. This re-release featured tracks that were unreleased on the first soundtrack. While the first soundtrack featured 29 tracks the complete soundtrack featured 91 tracks all together.
 I'm In Love Again is the sixth solo album released by American recording artist Patti LaBelle in late 1983. Notable for LaBelle's first solo top ten hits If Only You Knew and Love Need and Want You it became LaBelle's first successful solo album after five previous releases and six years.
 Late at Night is the thirteenth studio album by Billy Preston released in 1979 and his debut for Motown Records. It also includes his hit duet with Syreeta Wright With You I'm Born Again from the movie Fast Break.
 Mourning Has Broken is the third and final full-length album by the British thrash metal band Sabbat and the band's only album following the departure of singer and lyricist Martin Walkyier. The album is generally considered both a critical and commercial failure and the band split up soon after its release.Speaking to Terrorizer magazine in 2006 Andy Sneap stated (emphatically) I don't listen to this (Mourning Has Broken).
 Lost released in 1995 is the third album by Dutch power metal band Elegy.
 She's Got You is an EP released by American country music singer Patsy Cline on April 20 1962. It was the second EP Cline released in that year. She's Got You contained two new songs: the title track and Strange. The title track was released as a single in January 1962 and was climbing the charts during the time of this EP's release.
 Gori Teri Aankhen... is a studio album by Lucky Ali. The music of the album was composed by Lucky Ali. The album featured various artists. Lucky featured in 3 out of 8 songs of the album.
 This three-CD reissue of Wheat's first two albums includes a disc of rarities entitled 30 Minute Theatrik (Scanning the Garden). It was released in early 2009.
 We Come in Peace with a Message of Love is a 1985 album by Curtis Mayfield.
 Hello Sailor is The Blackout Pact's debut album released on Astro Magnetics in 2005.
 Dr. Octagonecologyst is the debut solo album of American rapper Keith Thornton and the first album he released under the alias Dr. Octagon. It was released May 6 1996 on Bulk Recordings in the United States and Mo' Wax in the United Kingdom and re-released in the US on DreamWorks Records in 1997. Dr. Octagonecologyst was produced by Dan The Automator Nakamura and featured the work of turntablist DJ Qbert. KutMasta Kurt provided additional production work. The artwork for Dr.
 Lovers Lane is the debut album by M.C. Brains released on March 17 1992 through Motown.The album is perhaps best known for its lead single Oochie Coochie which became the only top-40 hit in M.C. Brains short career peaking at number 22 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album itself faired less better only reaching number 47 on the Billboard 200. Brains' labelmates Boyz II Men were featured on the album's second single Brainstorming as well as the song entitled Boyz II Men (The Sequel).
 Tribute to the Legend: Bob Marley is an album by the Puerto Rican reggae band Cultura Profética. The album is a live performance of a tribute the band held to Jamaican reggae singer Bob Marley.The album was recorded on February 4 2006 at the Tito Puente Amphitheatre in San Juan Puerto Rico and was released on May 8 2007.
 Le cose da difendere is the seventh studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Nek. It was released in 2002.
 Autumn Leaves is 1980 album by Bill Evans with Eddie Gomez on bass and Marty Morell on drums. It was released by Lotus Italy.The title track of the album Autumn Leaves is one of the most recorded songs in the world. The original name of the song was Les Feuilles Mortes (Dead Leaves) composed by Joseph Kosma with lyrics written by the poet Jacques Prévert in 1945 in France. Later in 1947 English lyrics were written by the Academy Award winning lyricist and songwriter Johnny Mercer.
 Boy in the Boat is the thirteenth studio album by Canadian blues-rock artist David Wilcox which was self-produced. The album was recorded at Reaction Studios the same studio as his 2002 album Rhythm of Love.
 High Uinta High is the debut album by the indie-rock band Cub Country released on February 19 2002 through the Jade Tree label.
 Thirty Miles West is the fourteenth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was released on June 5 2012 and is Jackson's first album on his own Alan's Country Records in a joint venture with EMI Nashville. The album includes the singles Long Way to Go So You Don't Have to Love Me Anymore and You Go Your Way.The album's title refers to a song about a stretch of the Dixie Highway near Jackson's hometown of Newnan Georgia.
 A Collection of Short Stories is a 1993 album by Reload (Mark Pritchard and Tom Middleton). The booklet contains an introduction and six short stories written by Dominic Fripp.
 The Album is the 2007 debut album by the Dutch duo & Jump-musicians Jeckyll & Hyde released on May 18 2007 in the Netherlands through label Digidance. It has spawned two hit singles to date Frozen Flame and Freefall and Time Flies has also received airplay.
 Succès de Films is the title of a recording by Franck Pourcel and his Orchestra released on La Voix de son Maitre (French His Master's Voice) LP record FELP 149.
 White Lies is the seventh studio album released by the group Deine Lakaien released in 2002.
 Resurrection is the third album by rap group Lords of the Underground. The album was released on April 20 1999 for Jersey Kidz Records and was produced by K-Def Queen Latifah and DJ Lord Jazz. Resurrection was a critical success but due to little promotion it was also a commercial failure and did not make it to the billboard charts. Five singles were released but none of them made it to the charts they were Retaliate Take Dat Haters Excuse Me and Exodus.
 Horna/Behexen is a split EP by the black metal bands Horna and Behexen. It was first released in 2004 on vinyl by Grievantee Productions and was limited to 500 copies. The CD version was released by Autistiartili Records and was limited to 1000 copies on. It was later re-released on February 5 2007 through Debemur Morti Productions with different artwork.
 Engrave is the second album released by Amulet.
 The Rest is Silence is an album by Randy released in 1996.
 Life Story is the critically acclaimed debut album by Black Rob an American hip hop musician. it was released on September 28 1999 by Bad Boy Records. Life Story attempts to showcase Black Rob's struggle through hard beats and well constructed rhymes. The album boasts a wide range of guests mostly fellow artists from Bad Boy Records.
 Amber is Amber's second album released in 1999 on Tommy Boy Records featured an alluring array of soulful Dance-pop Hi-NRG and House music song with a few Urban contemporary songs such as Object of Desire. The song Above the Clouds was prominently featured on the final episode of Season Three of television series Sex and The City. So far it is her most well-received album by the American Pop mainstream.
 Negotiations is the fifth full length album released on September 11 2012 by the Beaverton Oregon based band The Helio Sequence and their third release on US label Sub Pop.
 Icons Abstract Thee is an EP from indie pop band Of Montreal. It was released May 8 2007 along with the album Hissing Fauna Are You the Destroyer? and the promo CD single Heimdalsgate Like a Promethean Curse. It is a collection of songs from recent singles bonus tracks from the vinyl edition of Hissing Fauna and a song that was put up on the band's Myspace page.
 Ka ʻAnoʻi is the debut album from the late Hawaiʻian musician Israel Kaʻanoʻi Kamakawiwoʻole (note the middle name).
 Judy in Love is a 1958 studio album by Judy Garland arranged by Nelson Riddle.
 Bucketfulls of Sickness and Horror in an Otherwise Meaningless Life is Alice Donut's second studio album release in 1989. It was produced at NY Noise New York.The song Lisa's Father (Waka Baby) was only available on the CD release.
 Should I Do It is the 12th album by Tanya Tucker. The highest ranking single the title song Should I Do It only rose to the #50 position on the Billboard Country Singles chart. (The Pointer Sisters had better luck with the song on the pop charts in 1982.) The only other single to even break into the Top 100 was the #83 Rodeo Girls. The album peaked at #48 on the Country Albums chart. Emmylou Harris provides backing vocals on Stormy Weather.
 Soundsystem_01 was Hybrid's first mix album with Hope Recordings. It was released on 14 July 2008 through Hope Recordings in the UK and then in the United States on 5 August 2008 through Nettwerk. The album also contains remixes of music from artists like Trentemøller Massive Attack and Andy Page as well as of music by movie composers Harry Gregson-Williams and John Murphy.
 Kish Mauve EP is the debut extended play by British electronic duo Kish Mauve. It was released on 11 July 2005 by Sunday Best Recordings. The song Two Hearts was later recorded by Australian singer Kylie Minogue for her album X (2007).
 Soak It Up is the third EP (though second canonically) released by comedy rock group Barnes & Barnes. It was released in August 1983 by Boulevard Records and re-released in 2005 on Oglio Records. This EP was recorded as part of a project Haimer and Mumy called Code of Honor a collection of songs written and recorded between 1981 and 1983 with an overall theme of optimism. Shortly after this EP was released a full album was slated to also be released entitled Code of Honor.
 Egypt Central is the self-titled debut album by the rock music group Egypt Central. The album was recorded while the band was signed to Lava Records only to get dropped before the album was released. Due to the overwhelming number of people wanting the album the band self-released it on April 26 2005. The album was made available online through CD Baby and briefly through Amazon.com as well as music stores throughout the Memphis area.
 Mucho Azúcar – Grandes Éxitos is a greatest hits album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno released on Sony International in 1997.Following the success of 1996 album Esclava De Tu Piel and its string of hit singles Azúcar Moreno released their first career retrospective Mucho Azúcar - Grandes Éxitos (roughly translated as Lots of Sugar - Greatest Hits).
 Vaughan with Voices is a 1964 studio album by Sarah Vaughan arranged by Robert Farnon.Recorded in Copenhagen Denmark and accompanied by the Svend-Saaby Danish Choir this was Vaughan's only album arranged by Robert Farnon and one of a number of albums she made with Quincy Jones.
 Kulture Jazz is an album by American jazz trumpeter and composer Wadada Leo Smith recorded in 1993 and released on the ECM label.
 Time End is the second release by Leviathan. It was recorded sometime in 1998 by sole member Wrest in his California home on a Tascam four-track tape recorder. After its initial release on cassette it saw a CD-R re-release limited to sixty-six copies.
 Slaphead is the first EP by the Toadies and is in memory of Iain 'Slaphead' Sugdon. It was self-released in 1989.Two of the songs were re-recorded for Rubberneck and also appeared on the live album Best of Toadies: Live from Paradise: I'm Away (retitled to Away) and I Come from the Water. Additionally Got a Heart was also re-recorded and was released on the Velvet and Pleather EPs.
 I Could Live In Hope is the debut album by American indie rock group Low released in 1994. It was produced by Mark Kramer.
 Fly on the Wall is the fourth album by R&B singer Bobby V and his second album released through his own Blu Kolla Dreams label via Capitol Records. It was released on March 22 2011. The album finds production from long-time collaborators Tim & Bob as well as Bryan-Michael Cox The Pentagon Jazze Pha LOS Da Mystro and Bobby V himself. The album features guest rappers 50 Cent Lloyd Banks Cyhi Da Prynce Plies & Twista. The album debuted at No.
 Scratchcratchratchatch is the debut mixtape of turntablist Kid Koala.There were reports of only 500 copies released initially. but it was picked up by Ninja Tune records. They continue to sell it in its original format as a cassette tape. Due to heavy use of unlicensed samples the cassette has a label with 'for promotional use only' printed on it.
 Iza Now! (いざッ、Now!) is the fourth studio album of Japanese boy band Arashi. The album was released in two editions: a regular edition and a limited editions. Though the two editions contains the same tracks only the limited edition contained a booklet and a DVD containing five music videos chosen by fans.
 Just Reminiscin' is a 2000 compilation album of songs recorded by American singer Jo Stafford. The album was released on January 1 2000 in the United Kingdom on the Dutton Laboratories/Vocalion label.
 Negative B is the second and last album by the Swedish band Sanctifica released on Rivel Records in 2002. This album saw the band abandoning their previous black metal style for a more alternative electronic avantgarde experimental progressive death metal sound.The album received mixed reviews others finding the album too bizarre unfocused and unbalanced while others praised it for its unique style.
 Business As Usual is the second full-length collaboration album released by Haystak & JellyRoll on November 19 2013. The collaboration album peaked at 11 on the Billboard Top Heatseakers Albums chart. Business As Usual - 3:26 All Over The Road ft. Charlie P - 4:21 Money - 3:14 Boyfriend - 3:29 Independent Legend - 3:12 Keep It Gangsta - 3:20 Winners ft. Robin Raynelle - 3:51 Please God - 2:36 Hello ft. Big Snap - 4:02 We Don't - 3:25 Bad Guy ft.
 Midnight Souvenirs is the seventh solo album by Peter Wolf. It won the award for Album of the Year at the 2010 Boston Music Awards was #27 on Rolling Stone's list of the 30 Best Albums of 2010 and peaked at #45 on the Billboard 200.Eight of the album's songs were co-written with Will Jennings. Wolf did the album's artwork himself.
 Rodgers + Hammerstein's Cinderella is an original cast album of the first Broadway production of the musical Cinderella with music by Richard Rodgers lyrics by Oscar Hammerstein II and a book by Douglas Carter Beane based partly on Hammerstein's 1957 book. The story is based upon the fairy tale Cinderella particularly the French version Cendrillon ou la Petite Pantoufle de Vair by Charles Perrault. The production opened in 2013.
 The Piano Guys is the second studio album and first on a major record label by American musical group The Piano Guys. It was released on October 2 2012 through Sony Masterworks. The album is composed primarily of covers and mashups of classical and popular music.
 Never Too Late is the fourteenth studio album by English rock band Status Quo. Released in March 1981 it had been recorded at the same sessions at Windmill Lane Studios Dublin as the previous album Just Supposin' and co-produced by the group with John Eden. It entered the UK album chart at No. 2.
 When Will We Surrender is the first release by American Melodic Hardcore band Hundredth. It was released on March 30 2010 through Mediaskare Records. Desolate was the first single from the record and has a music video that was released on YouTube on March 18 2010.
 The Very Best is a greatest hits album released by Australian band INXS in 2011. It initially peaked at #39.Following the screening of INXS: Never Tear Us Apart an Australian miniseries about INXS that commenced on 9 February 2014 on the Seven Network the album re-entered the charts peaking at #1.
 D.C. Cab (soundtrack) is the original motion picture soundtrack to the film D.C. Cab and was released in 1983.
 Miscellaneous Debris is an EP of five cover songs by Primus released on March 12 1992. The entire EP features bassist Les Claypool with his then-new fretless six-string Carl Thompson bass nicknamed the Rainbow Bass.
 Little Wars is an album by Unwed Sailor. It was recorded between 27 December 2002 and 7 November 2007. The album was released on 1 April 2008 by Burnt Toast Vinyl.
 The Gift of Christmas is a christmas album released by the Grammy Award-nominated group En Vogue. The album was released on October 8 2002 by Discretion Enterprises. It was produced and arranged by Timothy Eaton.
 Minidisc is the only full-length release by Gescom. The album was originally only released in minidisc format but was later pressed to CD. In addition the album has been released on bleep.com. The personnel for this album were Sean Booth and Rob Brown (alias Autechre) and Russell Haswell (from Or Records).
 Future Soundtrack for America is a benefit album for Music for America and MoveOn.org released in 2004 by Barsuk Records and McSweeney's and compiled by Spike Jonze and They Might Be Giants' founding member John Flansburgh.
 Solitary Confinement is a 1992 album by Leæther Strip and released by Zoth Ommog Records which continues the heavy electro-industrial style of Science for the Satanic Citizen. As is usually the case it incorporates a number of voice samples for instance from the film A Boy and His Dog.
 Spiritual State is the third studio album by Nujabes released posthumously as a follow-up to Modal Soul in 2005. The album was incomplete upon Nujabes' death in February 2010 inspiring those close to him to see it finished. Spiritual State was released in Japan on December 3 2011 and February 2012 in the United States.
 Talk a Good Game is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Kelly Rowland. Formerly titled Year of the Woman the album was released on June 14 2013 through Universal Republic and its affiliated record labels. Incorporating a base core of R&B and pop music Talk a Good Game was influenced by the likes of Whitney Houston Marvin Gaye and Stevie Wonder amongst other of Rowland's idols.
 Guardians is the debut album by American extreme metal band The Crimson Armada. The album was released on July 7 2009.
 Strickly Business Reloaded is the debut album by American hip hop artist/producer Donald XL Robertson released April 7 2009 on XL Productionz. It was recorded over a period of four years beginning in 2005. Prior to the album's release XL had worked on rapper juvenile's Nolia Clap (2004) which showcased his melodic and soulful style of hip hop production.
 Goodbye Blue Sky was the final album by Godley & Creme. Released in 1988 the album generated two singles Little Piece of Heaven and 10000 Angels as well as videos for those two singles.The album featured backup vocals by three future members of '90s dance band Londonbeat.
 Live From Moraq was the first studio album made by The Morakestra and was released under the Indie label Stratking Records. The album was never presented to the media in a grand scale and it was performed in different places in Austin Texas with a revolving lineup of session artists. It received some success in the indie scene in Austin. The album was experimental and drew influence from the El Paso band The Mars Volta.[citation needed]
 Scars & Souvenirs is the third album by Canadian rock band Theory of a Deadman and was released on April 1 2008. It has so far been the band's most successful album to date and has spawned many hit singles. A special edition CD/DVD of the album was released on October 20 2009. It features bonus and acoustic previously unreleased tracks (some were actually released on the iTunes version of the album) the band's entire video catalog and numerous making-of and behind-the-scenes features.
 Trekse (Greek: Τρέξε; English: Run) is the title of the ninth studio by the popular Greek artist Peggy Zina released on 4 December 2007 by Minos EMI. The album achieved Gold certification from its first week and made entered the Greek Albums Chart at number two.
 Major Lance's Greatest Hits Recorded Live At The Torch is an album by soul artist Major Lance released in 1973 on the Contempo label. It was recorded live in front of a sell-out audience at the Torch Tunstall Stoke-On-Trent on 9 December 1972 and has been described as perhaps the best Northern soul album ever made and a one-off gig when everything came together in perfect harmony.
 Release the Beast is the second studio album by rapper Bone Crusher. The album was released on July 18 2006. The first single from the album was Southern Gorillas.
 Guys and Dolls Like Vibes is a 1958 album of music from Guys and Dolls by Eddie Costa and his quartet featuring pianist Bill Evans.
 Para Além da Saudade is the third studio album bu Portuguese Fado singer Ana Moura. It was released on August 15 2007 by World Village. The album featured the hit singles Os Búzios and O Fado da Procura.
 Just An American Boy is a live album by Steve Earle. The album was released in 2003.
 Cello Again is an album by bassist and cellist Sam Jones which was recorded in 1975 and released on the Xanadu label.
 Swinging the Bim is a live album by German free jazz pianist Alexander von Schlippenbach's Trio with saxophonist Evan Parker and percussionist Paul Lovens recorded in Amsterdam in 1998 for the FMP label.
 Spoor is a 1994 compilation album by Thin White Rope. It brings together the Red Sun EP various singles and demo versions of songs.
 Early Morning Hymns is the first album released by indie folk-rock band Old Canes released in 2004. They have drawn comparisons from many fans to now-defunct indie rock group Neutral Milk Hotel.
 La Vida... Es Un Ratico (En Vivo) is the second live album of Colombian singer Juanes. It was released on November 18 2008 through Universal Music Latino.
 Maxi Sandal 2003 / Moonlight is the first Maxi Single (EP/hybrid album) released in 2003 of the Turkish pop singer Mustafa Sandal and the Greek pop singer Natalia.
 Shōnen Alice (少年アリス Boy Alice) is the 4th studio album released by singer Maaya Sakamoto. Many of the songs are of a completely different style than her previous work.
 When the Red King Comes is the second album by Elephant 6 band Elf Power. It is a concept album about the Red King's kingdom.
 Oh Inverted World is the debut studio album by American indie rock band The Shins released on June 19 2001 to critical acclaim. Omnibus Records put out an initial run of vinyl distributed by Darla. Sub Pop Records reprinted the vinyl but the Sub Pop logo only appears on later pressings.The album contains the songs Caring Is Creepy and New Slang both of which appeared in the 2004 film Garden State.
 A Winged Victory for the Sullen is the self-titled debut album by A Winged Victory for the Sullen. The album was released on September 12 2011 on the labels Erased Tapes and Kranky.
 Rex (Live at the Fillmore) is the thirteenth album by Keller Williams recorded live on February 8 2006 at the Fillmore Auditorium in Denver Colorado.The collaborative show features Williams Keith Moseley (of The String Cheese Incident) and Jeff Austin (of Yonder Mountain String Band) performing bluegrass versions of Grateful Dead songs. The group performed under the name Grateful Grass.The album is available only as a digital download only and was released on April 30 2008.
 Legend: The Music of Jerry Goldsmith is a musical film score by American composer Jerry Goldsmith released in 1986 for the worldwide release of the film of the same name (excluding the US). The album was released on compact disc in 1992 through Silva Screen records and featured alternate cover art and additional songs.
 Green Light is the eighth album by Bonnie Raitt released in 1982 (see 1982 in music).What I wanted this time out was a combination of the music I've been listening to recently Raitt said in 1982 Billy Burnette the Blasters Rockpile and the rock-a-billy New Wave scene. I knew I had to get away from the slick sound I had with the Peter Asher record...I was a little stung by the lack of response to The Glow.
 Reflections is a career-spanning 3-CD Graham Nash box with the groups The Hollies and Crosby Stills Nash & Young plus previously unreleased material.
 The Supremes ('70s): Greatest Hits and Rare Classics is a 1991 compilation album by The Supremes released on the Motown label.
 Unbehagen is the second and last album by the Nina Hagen Band before the solo career of singer Nina Hagen. The German title translates to Discomfort but can be seen as a pun on the band name. Wenn ich ein Junge wär was recorded live in April 1979 at the Saarbrücken Congress Hall.
 H'its Huge '84 was a various artists hits collection album released in Australia in 1984 on the CBS record Label (Cat No. HUGE 001). The album spent 5 weeks at the top of the Australian album charts in 1984.
 I Need Some Money is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1974 and released on the Atlantic label.
 4.0 is a compilation album by Spanish recording singer-songwriter Mónica Naranjo. The album is set to be released through Sony Music Spain on May 6 2014. The album contains 4.0 re-recorded versions of tracks from her studio albums—Mónica Naranjo (1994) Palabra de mujer (1997) Minage (2000) and Tarántula (2008)—and a 4.0 version of Make You Rock. Solo Se Vive una Vez (4.0 Version) was released as the first single from the album on March 31 2014.
 Right Back is the debut album by Long Beach Dub Allstars released September 28 1999 through DreamWorks Records. It was followed up by the album Wonders of the World in 2001.Saw Red is a cover of a Barrington Levy song She's Mine.
 Love Him was a Doris Day album recorded in October and November 1963 and released by Columbia Records on December 16 1963. It was produced by Day's son Terry Melcher and issued as both a monophonic LP (catalog number CL-2131) and a stereophonic LP (catalog number CS-8931).The album was combined with Day's 1960 album Show Time on a compact disc issued on November 14 2000 by Collectables Records.
 Smooth Up in Ya: The Best of the Bulletboys is the second greatest hits album by heavy metal band BulletBoys.
 I-Weilian i伟联 (simplified Chinese: i伟联; traditional Chinese: i偉聯; pinyin: aì wĕi lián) is Kelvin Tan (simplified Chinese: 陈伟联; traditional Chinese: 陳偉聯; pinyin: chén wĕi lián)'s debut solo album in Taiwan and it is his second album in Singapore. The Taiwan version was released in 31 August 2007 while the Singapore version was released in 18 September 2007.
 Black Cherry is the second studio album by English electronic music duo Goldfrapp released in the United Kingdom on 28 April 2003 by Mute Records to generally positive reviews. Many critics complimented its blend of retro and modern electropop music which was a departure from the ambient sound of their début album. Black Cherry was a top twenty album in Goldfrapp's native United Kingdom and its second single Strict Machine was a top twenty single.
 It's About Time is a soft rock album released by Kenny Loggins. Released in 2003 it was his first non-Christmas non-children's album since 1997's The Unimaginable Life. Besides Loggins several other noteworthy musicians co-wrote and performed on the album. These include frequent Loggins cohort Michael McDonald as well as fellow soft-rocker Richard Marx and country singer Clint Black.
 Cuore is the twelfth studio album and sixteenth album overall by Gianna Nannini. It was released in 1998 on Polydor Records.
 Machines Of Grace is the first self titled release by Machines of Grace.
 Time Change... A Natural Progression is an album by Sherbet released in 1972.
 Here and Now and Sounding Good! was the sixth Dick Morrissey Quartet recording. It was released in 1966. The tracks included were a tribute to Dick Morrissey's friends and fellow British jazz musicians.
 Metztli Obscura is the third full-length album by the Mexican death metal band Hacavitz. This is the last album to feature Oscar Garcia on drums and percussion.
 Aotearoa: Stand Strong is a compilation album released in 1991 by recording label Festival Music.
 The Best of Fra Lippo Lippi '85–'95 is a compilation album by Norwegian pop rock group Fra Lippo Lippi.
 Classic Country Gents Reunion is an album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen released in 1989. The first classic lineup from the 60' reunites here to record this album.
 ELO 2 is the second album by Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) released in 1973. In the US the album was released as Electric Light Orchestra II and is sometimes known as ELO II. It was also the last album to be released by the band under the Harvest Label.
 Whitelake is Enter the Haggis's sixth studio album. It was released in October 2011 and was paid for entirely by Enter The Haggis's fans through a fundraiser called the Haggis Helper. The album exhibits a highly matured sound that has broken somewhat away from their Celtic rock roots but still incorporates influences from various kinds of folk music. There is a wide variety of instruments used on the album including the trumpet banjo bagpipes and cello.
 Birds Beasts and Flowers is a split EP between indie rock band The Autumn Defense and indie folk band Hem. It was released on September 28 2004 on the Arena Rock Recording Co. label.
 Live at Dreher Paris 1981 is a live album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron and soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy recorded in Paris in 1981 and released by the Hathut label. The four-CD box set combines recordings previously released on the LP's Snake Out in 1983 Herbe De L'oubli in 1986 and Let's Call This in 1986 with additional recordings from the concert series.The recordings were also released as two double-CD sets Live at Dreher Paris 1981: Round Midnight Vol.
 Jijimuge is the debut album of Mo Boma released in 1992 through Extreme Records.
 Heart Attacks and Callous Acts is the second release by the Australian band The Hot Lies. The two radio play singles and video clips of this release are 'Promise Me' and 'Tell Me Goodnight'.
 Chayanne is the third album from Puerto Rican artist Chayanne released on Sony on 1987 and his first album under that label.
 The Song Of The Singing Horseman is the first album of Irish singer songwriter Jimmy MacCarthy. The album was released in 1991 by Mulligan Records and it includes many of the popular songs MacCarthy wrote during the first ten years of his career including Ride On Mystic Lipstick Bright Blue Rose and No Frontiers.
 Versus is the sixth studio album by thrash metal band The Haunted. This marks a return to their aggressive sounds in the previous albums after their experimental fifth album The Dead Eye. All instruments were recorded live like their debut album The Haunted and solos and vocals were added once they had the songs down. The album is more or less about the decadence of mankind as last two songs Faultline and Imperial Death March point it out.
 Tragic Lovers is a classical music album by the Oregon Symphony under the artistic direction of James DePreist released by the record label Delos in 2008. It contains three works inspired by tragic love stories in literature: Richard Wagner's Prelude and Liebestod from Tristan and Isolde (1865) Hector Berlioz's Love Scene from Roméo et Juliette Op. 17 and Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky's Romeo and Juliet.
 The Essential Billy Joel is a Sony music compilation of songs by American singer/songwriter Billy Joel. It was released on October 2 2001 and has been certified Double Platinum by the RIAA. In conjunction with the release of the album The Essential Video Collection was released comprising Joel's most popular music videos.On August 26 2008 The Essential 3.0 was released containing a third disc with seven additional tracks.
 Live is the third album by the band UFO. It was the group's first live recording and was initially released only in Japan in 1971 entitled U.F.O Landed Japan. The album was later released abroad in 1972 onward with different titles such as UFO Live in Japan and UFO Lands in Tokyo.It features the original lineup of the band with Mick Bolton on guitar and consists of blues covers and songs from their first two space-rock albums.
 Deadbeat Sweetheartbeat is the fourth and final studio album by Greensburg Pennsylvania indie-rock band The Juliana Theory released on September 13 2005 as a joint release from Abacus Records and the band's own Paperfist Records. It also includes a bonus DVD which features the making of the album and four bonus tracks.
 Boys Will Be Boyz is the third studio album by Christian pop rock band Newsboys released in 1991.
 After We Will Rock You became a hit in London various other productions were put on around the world. One of the earliest was in Australia. The cast came from around Australia and New Zealand.To help promote this production a special version of the British musical soundtrack was released to help protmote the production.
 Mysterium is an album of contemporary classical music by New York avant-garde composer John Zorn.
 Years Ago is a studio album by American country music group The Statler Brothers. It was released in 1981 via Mercury Records. The album peaked at number 9 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 In and Out of Consciousness: Greatest Hits 1990–2010 is the second greatest hits compilation album by the British singer-songwriter Robbie Williams after his first greatest hits compilation Greatest Hits which was released in 2004. The album which features 39 songs was released in October 2010 and is his last album under his recording contract with EMI. The lead single of the album is Shame co-written by and featuring fellow Take That member Gary Barlow.
 Birthmarks is the third album of Ozark Henry.
 It's What I'm Thinking Pt.1 – Photographing Snowflakes is the seventh studio album by Badly Drawn Boy released on October 4 2010.The album was said to be heavily influenced by The Smiths.
 Too Much is the first and only album by Japanese hard rock band Too Much released by Atlantic Records in 1971.
 Dödsfärd is the third studio album release by Viking metal band Månegarm. It was released in 2003. The word dödsfärd translates roughly as journey of death in Swedish.
 You've Dug Your Grave Now Lie In It is an album by Kenotia released on October 30 2007 on Sumerian Records.
 Hades Rise is an album by the Norwegian black/thrash metal band Aura Noir. It features guest appearances from Danny Coralles (Autopsy Abscess) and Blasphemer (ex-Mayhem). Art direction by Carl-Michael Eide layout by Justin Bartlett: http://www.vberkvlt.com
 Codes and Keys is the seventh studio album by Death Cab for Cutie released on May 31 2011. Ben Gibbard and Nick Harmer have both been quoted as saying that the album will be a much less guitar-centric album than we’ve ever made before. The first single You Are a Tourist was made available for online stream on March 28 2011 on the band's official site and the album was available for streaming in its entirety on May 23 2011 on NPR.
 Prime Time is an album by American singer-songwriter Don McLean released in December 1977.
 Nothing to Lose is the last independent album recorded by Sanctus Real before signing their record deal with Sparrow Records. The album was sold at live concerts in the Northwestern Ohio Northern Indiana and Southern Michigan areas. Many tracks were re-recorded for the album Say it Loud. The track Message was re-recorded for the album Fight the Tide. This album is now out of print.
 Freedom Rock is the second studio album by the rock group H.E.A.T. Released in 2010 by the record company StormVox.
 Holly Dunn is the self-titled debut studio album by American country music artist Holly Dunn released in 1986 through MTM Records. She had her first Billboard hit with Daddy's Hands which reached #7. An earlier single Two Too Many could only rise to the #39 position. The album itself was #29 on the country albums chart.
 The Greyest of Blue Skies is the third album from the Canadian rock band Finger Eleven. The track Suffocate appeared on the Scream 3: The Album soundtrack. The tracks First Time Drag You Down and Stay and Drown each appeared in a Dragonball Z feature film. A contestant from Idol 2006 sang Sick of It All. The album was certified Gold in Canada in June 2001.
 Jorma Kaukonen Trio Live is a live album taken from performances from Jorma Kaukonen's 1999 solo tour and his last album for Relix Records. Performing with Kaukonen were Michael Falzarano and Pete Sears who had both been present on his previous solo album Too Many Years and had performed with Hot Tuna on their last release And Furthurmore....
 Danza III: The Series of Unfortunate Events is the third release by American extreme metal band The Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza. The album was released July 6 2010 via Guy Kozowyk's Black Market Activities.
 Loudness Clarifies/Electronic Music From Tapelab is a double album by Jack Dangers. Disc two compiles ten years worth of Jack's experimental musique concrète tape work and is a selection of electro-acoustic works recorded between 1993–2003 for film radio and television. Disc one is similar to Dangers' work with Meat Beat Manifesto.
 The Black Session: Paris 10 May 2011 is a live album by English rock band Wire. It was released on 14 February 2012.
 Sell Your Soul to the Flaming Stars is the second studio album by The Flaming Stars. The album was recorded in nine days and was released in October 1997 via Vinyl Japan.
 The Symphonic Ellington is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded and released on the Reprise label in 1963. The album features recordings of Ellington's orchestra with the Paris Symphony Orchestra the Stockholm Symphony Orchestra the Hamburg Symphony Orchestra and the La Scala Symphony Orchestra.
 Earth Report is a 12 EP released by new wave band Faith Global on Survival Records in 1982. This was the first disc the band comprised by multinstrumentalist Stevie Shears (formerly of Ultravox! and Cowboys International) and singer Jason Guy released.Guy said in 1983 the recording was a joke and the early demos of the single were the cause they were signed by David Rome in Survival Records. The same year they released their only album The Same Mistakes before ceasing to work.
 Celestial Hi-Fi is the third studio album from Canadian stoner rock band Sheavy.
 Best Days (Greatest & Live) is a compilation album by Danish electro-rock band Carpark North. It was released on 1 November 2010 through Copenhagen Records.The first CD contains songs from the band's three studio albums Carpark North (2003) All Things to All People (2005) and Grateful (2008).
 Obsession is the seventh album by the British rock band UFO released in 1978. This was the final studio album to feature Michael Schenker on lead guitar until he returned to the band in 1993.A single from the album Only You Can Rock Me / Cherry was also released in 1978. So too was the band's first 3-track EP Only You Can Rock Me Cherry / Rock Bottom reaching No. 50 in the UK.2008 EMI's remastered edition includes 3 bonus live tracks and also some writing credits are corrected.
 Hell and Back is the second studio album by rapper Drag-On. It was released on February 10 2004 for Virgin Records and featured production from the likes of Swizz Beatz and Rockwilder. Hell and Back was not as successful as his previous album only peaking at #47 on the Billboard 200 however it did fare better on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums peaking at #5.Due to the disappointing album sales Drag-On was quickly dropped from Virgin Records
 Norwood is the 18th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1970 (see 1970 in music). The album is a soundtrack album from Campbell's 1970 film Norwood.
 Alive is a DVD by the Christian rock band Audio Adrenaline. It was released in 2003 and sold as a package with their album Worldwide. The DVD is a concert of the band's performance at Alive 2003 a Christian rock festival in Ohio.
 Here Comes Winter is the second album by Parker and Lily. It was released on September 24 2002 via the label Manifesto Records.
 Tobacco Road is the second album from Seattle-based hip-hop duo Common Market. It was released on September 9 2008 via Massline Media. The album's title is a reference to the tobacco-producing region of North Carolina.The album was close to completion in September 2007 but for reasons unrevealed the album fell apart and the duo lost 15 weeks worth of work. However a friend of the group pulled some strings and managed to get them some studio time at London Bridge Studios in Shoreline WA.
 From the Hip is an album by Frank Marino released in 1990 under Par Excellence Music. It was reissued in CD in 1993 by the German label SPV and in 2005 by Just a Minute! Records.
 Downfall is the fourth album by Solitude Aeturnus. It was re-released as a double CD together with Through the Darkest Hour.
 Pussysoul is the debut album from sludge metal band Soilent Green. It is the band's first and last album released through Los Angeles based record label Dwell Records. In 2005 Pussysoul was re-mastered and reissued through Dwell Records.
 Heavy Metal Funkason is the first full-fledged solo album by Parliament-Funkadelic guitarist Michael Hampton. It was released through the P-Vine label in Japan on May 25 1998. The album features appearances by George Clinton P-Funk bassist Lige Curry (Hampton's cousin) Belita Woods and Charlie Wilson from the Gap Band.Prior to this release Michael Hampton released an album of sample tracks for D.J.'s entitled P-Funk Guitar Riffs For D.J.'s (Tuff City TUF LP 0627) in 1995.
 Above & Beyond is a live album by jazz musician Freddie Hubbard recorded on June 17 1982 at San Francisco's Keystone Korner and released on the Metropolitan label in 1999. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow calls Hubbard's playing on the album stunning improvisations full of fire technical wizardry and creative ideas.
 Chatmonchy ni Naritai (チャットモンチーになりたい; We Wanna Be chatmonchy) is chatmonchy's first album which they released in 2004. They were an unsigned band and sold the copies by hand in the Tokushima area and achieved about 1500 sales. This album is currently out of distribution.
 futurenow is a studio album by the band Go West. It was their first studio album in sixteen years their last being Indian Summer in 1992.
 Silent Radar is the fourth studio album by The Watchmen. The album contained numerous hits including Stereo Any Day Now and Say Something. Videos for Stereo and Any Day Now saw heavy play on MuchMusic in 1998 but by the time the video for Brighter Hell was released in 1999 the momentum had slowed and this video was seen infrequently.The album was certified Gold in Canada by the Canadian Recording Industry Association on July 30 1998.
 So Long Astoria is the fourth full-length album released by The Ataris on March 4 2003.This is The Ataris' first and only album on Columbia Records having previously been signed to independent punk label Kung Fu Records. It peaked at No. 24 on the Billboard 200 and has been certified gold status. The album's title song alludes to the 1985 film The Goonies which is set in Astoria Oregon. To date So Long Astoria is The Ataris’ most successful album.
 Infestation is the seventh studio album by American glam metal band Ratt. It is the band's first original effort since their self-titled album in 1999. It marks the Ratt studio debut for guitarist Carlos Cavazo formerly of Quiet Riot and is also the final album to feature bassist Robbie Crane as then-former bassist Juan Croucier would rejoin the band in 2012. It was released by Roadrunner Records a sub-label of their longtime home Atlantic Records.
 Black Diamond is Buraka Som Sistema's second album which was released in 2008. It was released in the United States on April 7 2009.
 CexCells (pronounced Sex Cells or Sex Sells) is the debut studio album by the American electronic duo Blaqk Audio. It was initially scheduled to be released on August 7 2007 however it was rescheduled and released a week further on August 14 2007 through Interscope Records. It debuted at number 18 on the Billboard 200 selling more than 29000 copies within its first week. It received mixed reviews from music critics. It spawned one single: Stiff Kittens.
 Johnny Frigo's DNA Exposed! is the 2002 album by jazz violinist Johnny Frigo of jazz standards accompanied by jazz guitarist Bucky Pizzarelli and others.
 A New Sound... A New Star... (subtitled Jimmy Smith at the Organ Vol. 1) is the debut album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded in 1956 and released on the Blue Note label. The album was rereleased on CD combined with Smith's following two LP's A New Sound A New Star: Jimmy Smith at the Organ Volume 2 and The Incredible Jimmy Smith at the Organ.
 Exodus is the fourth album released by Plus One. This is the first time releasing an album without their former members Jeremy Mhire and Jason Perry. This is also their first album that was not released under Atlantic Records but instead released by Inpop.
 Wheatfield Soul is an album released in 1969 by Canadian rock band The Guess Who. It is notable as being the first full album by the band to feature Burton Cummings on lead vocals throughout. Lightfoot is a tribute to fellow Canadian Gordon Lightfoot while Friends of Mine is performed in the style of The Doors.
 Strażnik Światła is the eleventh studio album by the Polish heavy metal band Turbo. It was released in 2009 in Poland through Metal Mind Productions. The album was recorded in 2009. This is the band's first album with the new singer Tomasz Struszczyk and also the first concept album by Turbo.
 Tormented is an album by Abscess released in 2000.
 Mojotoro is an album by Argentine musician Dino Saluzzi recorded in 1991 and released on the ECM label.
 Nice Place to Visit is the second album by Frozen Ghost.
 Re:creation (sometimes stylized as re:creation or re·creation) is the seventeenth album by Contemporary Christian singer Steven Curtis Chapman. Released on August 9 2011 the album features eight new mixes of some of Chapman's songs as well as five new songs and a Christmas hymn. Re:creation received general critical acclaim upon release and debuted at number 2 on the Christian Albums chart.
 Memories & Dust is the pop rock debut album by Australian singer-songwriter Josh Pyke.
 Sunshine / At the Drive-In is a split EP released under the independent record label Big Wheel Recreation on April 13 2000. It featured songs by the Czech band Sunshine and the American band At the Drive-In. It was also released on vinyl on 12-inch as well as a 7-inch.
 Porno for Pyros is the eponymous debut album by Porno for Pyros released on April 27 1993 through the same label as Jane's Addiction Warner Bros. Records. Jane's Addiction guitarist Dave Navarro and bassist Eric Avery battling substance abuse issues had left the band in 1991 in an attempt to stay clean though the other half of the band wished to continue creating music.
 The Sound Behind Johnny Cash is the only album released by Johnny Cash's band The Tennessee Three. It is a very rare scarce and nearly impossible to find album. It contains instrumental versions of 11 Johnny Cash hits.
 Mütter is the fourth studio album released by Maria Doyle Kennedy on Mermaid Records in 2007. It was produced and recorded by Kieran Kennedy and all songs were written by both Maria Doyle Kennedy and Kieran Kennedy. Other songwriters credited on the album include Dave Clarke Peter O’Toole and Fergus O’Farrell. Maria Doyle Kennedy also illustrated the album’s artwork.
 The Toxic Touch is God Dethroned's seventh studio album.
 Bucky Fellini is the third studio album by the The Dead Milkmen released in 1987 by Enigma - their first non-Restless release.The album had one single Instant Club Hit (You'll Dance to Anything). The single featured the original version and multiple remixes of the song as well as previously unreleased tracks. That track and two others appeared on the 1997 compilation Death Rides a Pale Cow: The Ultimate Collection and two on the 1998 compilation Cream of the Crop.
 Person(a) is a full-length studio album by Norman Iceberg. Recorded and mixed at Marko Studios in Montreal it was released in 1987. The musical style of the album is a blend of experimental electronic music and commercial synthpop and featured keyboardists such as Lenny Pinkas (Men Without Hats) Mario Spezza (Rational Youth) and Mic Lussier. The lyrics contain references to androgyny. Two singles were released from the album.
 Nothing for Juice is the third studio album by the Mountain Goats. It is the last Mountain Goats release to feature Rachel Ware on bass and backing vocals.
 Tales From The B-Side is a collection of B-sides from American hardcore punk band Biohazard.
 The Best of ZZ Top (subtitled 10 Legendary Texas Tales) is a greatest hits album by the American blues rock band ZZ Top released in 1977.
 O2: Avalon Remixed is Avalon's sixth release the group's first remix album. Originally scheduled to be released concurrently with Oxygen it was eventually released on March 26 2002. The album contains 12 remixes of previous tracks that originally appeared on the albums A Maze Of Grace (1997) In A Different Light (1999) and Oxygen (2001) including one remix created by DJ Tiësto.
 Burn Out Your Name is an album by Australian band Screamfeeder.
 Tell No Tales is the third studio album by the Norwegian hard rock band TNT. It was the best selling TNT album in the US according to their bass guitarist Morty Black. This album diverted from the power metal style of Knights of the New Thunder into a more glam metal direction.
 Built on Glass is the debut studio album by Australian electronic musician Chet Faker. It was released on 11 April 2014 under Future Classic and Opulent.
 The Incredible String Band is the debut album by the band of the same name. Released in 1966 it is the only one of the band's albums to feature the original trio line-up with Clive Palmer as well as Robin Williamson and Mike Heron.
 The Rough Guide to the Music of Ethiopia is a world music compilation album originally released in 2004. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the release covers the music of Ethiopia focusing largely on 1960s pop. The compilation was curated by Francis Falceto who also produces Buda Musique's Éthiopiques series. Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network was the producer.This album was followed by a second volume focusing on music of the early 21st Century in 2012.
 Heartcore is Kurt Rosenwinkel's fifth album as a band leader. The album was fully produced by Rosenwinkel and Q-Tip of popular hip-hop group A Tribe Called Quest. The album is a departure musically from Rosenwinkel's previous work as he contributes keyboard drums and voice at times creating soundscapes completely on his own in his personal studio. Says Rosenwinkel There is a place musically that’s above the categories. This record – it’s jazz. And it’s much more.
 Beograd uživo '97 – 1 (trans. Belgrade Live '97 - 1) is the first disc of the fourth live album by Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba released in 1997. Beograd uživo '97 - 1 was followed by Beograd uživo '97 - 2 as the band instead of releasing a double live album opted for two separate releases. Album was recorded on Riblja Čorba concerts held on May 31 and June 1 1997 on Belgrade's Tašmajdan Stadium.
 Sweat Lodge Infinite is the studio album from American rapper 2Mex released on Temporary Whatever in 2003. All tracks are produced by Longevity.
 Unsane Insane and Mentally Deranged is the debut album by Murder Squad. It was released in 2001.
 Let's Die Forever... Together is a studio album by guitarist vocalist and songwriter Eric McFadden released 2007. Though recorded mostly in the San Francisco Bay Area the original release was through Bad Reputation of France.
 Twilight Motel is album by American banjoist Alison Brown released in 1992.
 Knock You Down is the second album from Swedish rock band Dynazty. Album the band released after signing a contract with StormVox Records which reached #21 on the charts Swedish. The album features a heavy sound that borders with heavy metal.
 Thank You St. Jude is an album by American singer-songwriter Peter Case released in 2001.The album consists of rearranged acoustic versions of songs previously recorded by Case or favorites from his live concerts.
 The Pleasure Principle is the third studio album and debut album under his own name by English musician Gary Numan. Released about six months after Replicas (under the name Tubeway Army) in 1979 The Pleasure Principle also went to number 1 in the United Kingdom.
 The Chieftains 5 is an album by The Chieftains. It was the band's first album as a professional group. Derek Bell played the tiompan (the Irish hammered dulcimer) for the first time on this album. This was also the last album appearance of Peader Mercier before he left the group.
 The Impossible: Mission TV Series – Pt. 1 is an album of unreleased material by De La Soul. It contains material recorded over a period of years (dating as far back as De La Soul Is Dead) and was made available through the group's imprint AOI Records. The album's title and cover are a reference to the popular action adventure TV series Mission: Impossible.
 Lotus is a 1974 live album by Santana. It was originally released as a triple vinyl LP and has seen CD releases as a double CD (track list as below) as well as triple CD (released in Japan in 2006).
 Para mi Fanaticada (For my Fans) was the eighth album recorded by vallenato singer Diomedes Diaz in 1980 featuring accordion player Colacho Mendoza.01. Para mi fanaticada (Diomedes Díaz)02. Mi casa risueña (Diomedes Díaz)03. Camino largo (Gustavo Gutiérrez Cabello)04. Margarita (Armando Díaz Zabaleta)05. Buscando un nido (Freddy Molina)06. La juntera (Marciano Martínez)07. Mensaje de navidad (Rosendo Romero)08. Palabra sagrada (Calixto Ochoa)09. El romancero (Roberto Calderón Cujia)10.
 The Metal West is the third full-length album by Kid Icarus. Released in 2005 by Summerstep Records the album was the first by Kid Icarus to feature a full band with the line-up consisting of guitarist Justin Marchegiani bassist Ted Baird keyboardist Chuck Keller and drummer Thad Moyer. The album cover was painted by Cassie Rose Kobeski.
 Out of Left Field is a studio album by American country music artist Hank Williams Jr. It was released by Curb/Capricorn Records on March 9 1993. Everything Comes Down to Money and Love and Diamond Mine were released as singles. The album peaked at number 25 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Cortinaland is an EP by British singer/songwriter Darren Hayman. It was released in 2005 by Aculera Discos.The song Crissy M is about porn star Crissy Moran.
 Laughter & Lust is a 1991 album by Joe Jackson. He left A&M Records in 1990 who soon released Steppin' Out: The Very Best of Joe Jackson which became a Top Ten hit in the UK. Jackson subsequently signed a recording contract with Virgin Records.Music journalist Martin C. Strong states Laughter & Lust was Jackson's most direct accessible material in years a welcome diversion from his constant experimentation.
 Freeze Frame is a 1979 album by Godley & Creme. The album was recorded at Nigel Gray's Surrey Sound Studios Leatherhead Surrey and featured cover art designed by Hipgnosis.This album featured a couple of technical innovations which gave it a unique sound. I Pity Inanimate Objects featured a distinctive vocal treatment in which the notes are seemingly obtained by altering the pitch of pre-recorded voices.
 Under tha Influence is the sixth album by rapper/producer DJ Quik. It was released on June 4 2002 on Ark 21 and was his first album to be released on an independent record label. The album included the singles Trouble featuring AMG and Put It on Me featuring Dr. Dre. The album debuted at twenty seven on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart with 41000 sold in its first-week.
 System is the fifth studio album by British soul/R&B singer Seal released on 12 November 2007. In his online blog Seal described the album as a return to his dance roots and his best album since his debut. However it is his lowest-selling album to date in the US selling 155000 copies in the first year of its release according to Nielsen SoundScan.
 Jah Kingdom is a studio album by Jamaican reggae singer Burning Spear.
 Naïve is the fifth album by industrial rock group KMFDM. It was released on November 15 1990. It was recorded in Hamburg Germany upon KMFDM's return from their first visit to America and subsequent tour with Ministry.
 Changes & Things is an album by bassist and cellist Sam Jones which was recorded in 1977 and released on the Xanadu label.
 The Dirt of Luck was the first full length album from American indie rock band Helium. It was released in April 1995 on Matador Records and was produced by Adam Lasus (Clap Your Hands Say Yeah Versus Madder Rose Clem Snide).
 Relations is an album of cover versions by Kathryn Williams released in 2004.
 The Piano is the twenty-sixth album by Herbie Hancock.
 Sketch is the second album by Miami Beach-based indie rock band Ex Norwegian. It was self-produced and originally self-released in June 2010. On November 15 2011 it was released by Dying Van Gogh Records with the song Girl WIth The Moustache replacing Tired Of Dancing. The album reached #87 on the CMJ charts. Sketch was the last album recorded with bassist Nina Souto and drummer Arturo Garcia.
 Tarot Sport is the second studio album by Fuck Buttons produced by Andrew Weatherall. The album was released on 14 October 2009 in the UK and on 20 October in the US. The album was leaked online on 14 September 2009. The songs Surf Solar and Olympians were released as singles.
 Wichita Lineman is the twelfth album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1968 by Capitol Records.
 Our Most Dangerous Stunts is an album of re-recorded songs by The Ozark Mountain Daredevils recorded in 1996 and originally released as Jackie Blue in the U.S. that same year.
 Splazsh is the second album by the electronic musician Actress. It was released on June 8 2010 by Honest Jon's Records.
 Alive Again is the fourth full-length studio album by the Swedish progressive/AOR metal/rock band Nightingale. Subtitled The Breathing Shadow Part IV it is the last album completely devoted to The Breathing Shadow story. This is the first release with Erik Oskarsson and Tom Björn in the band. Alive Again continues the hard rock/AOR direction of the band's previous two albums with poppier vocals and progressive arrangements.
 A Place Called Love Land is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Raheem DeVaughn. The album was released on September 3 2013 by Mass Appeal Entertainment INgrooves and Fontana Distribution.
 Billboard Top Country Hits: 1989 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1993 featuring 10 hit country music recordings from 1990.Each of the tracks reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart during 1990 and early 1991. The songs are dated according to their chart debut month a difference from many of Rhino's earlier Top Hits series which chronicle the tracks by peak month.
 We Are The Humans is a 2009 studio album by The Humans. It is the debut release by the experimental band formed by singer Toyah Willcox former REM drummer Bill Rieflin and musician Chris Wong. The band performed their first concerts previewing the album in Estonia in October 2007. The album was then recorded in Seattle during 2008. The band then returned to Estonia to perform the album in May 2009. They were joined on stage by Willcox's husband Robert Fripp.
 Operation: Mindcrime is the third studio album by the American progressive heavy metal band Queensrÿche released on May 3 1988. The album was re-released on 6 May 2003 with two bonus tracks and in 2006 as a deluxe box set.It is a concept album and a rock opera its story following a recovering drug addict who becomes disillusioned with the society of his time and reluctantly becomes involved with a revolutionary group as an assassin of political leaders. In January 1989 it ranked at No.
 Freaks Faggots Drunks and Junkies is the fourth studio album by transgressive punk rock musician GG Allin. A collaboration with backing band Bulge the LP was first released by Homestead Records in 1988.Critic Steve Huey said about the album: Allin's entire output ranks as perhaps the worst music ever recorded; this is its clearest expression. [1]
 Five Tango Sensations is a suite of works (Asleep—Loving—Anxiety—Despertar—Fear) for bandoneón and string quartet written in 1989 by Argentine composer Ástor Piazzolla. It was premiered in New York that year and recorded immediately afterwards by the Kronos Quartet and the composer who played the bandoneón.
 Oberoendeframkallande is the fifth solo album by Swedish rapper Timbuktu. The album produced by Breakmecanix was released in both vinyl and compact disc with both releases having slightly different track listings.
 Voodoo People is the name of the second EP released by the British dance act The Prodigy in 1995. It is a US-only extension of the single of the same name (which appeared on The Prodigy's second album Music for the Jilted Generation) and it was released this way because at the time of the original release the band had no signed distributing label in the United States.
 Straight Jacket Memoirs is a 2006 release by Jon Oliva's Pain. This was an EP distributed by AFM Records the first release by JOP for their new label. The release featured two new full songs from the then forthcoming album Maniacal Renderings and live renditions of two songs from the band's previous album 'Tage Mahal. The other track featured on the release is an edited version of The Evil Beside You.
 Mushi is the third album by Japanese hardcore punk group The Stalin. It was released on April 25 1983.The front side of the LP's jacket featured a picture of Suehiro Maruo. The B2 edition of this jacket came with a poster attached to the press.
 A Tribute to Richard Rodgers is a studio album by American singer Shirley Jones of The Partridge Family music group. The album features 10 tracks of Richard Rodgers songs performed by Shirley Jones. It was produced by Les Brown Jr. for Rayburt Productions. A Tribute to Richard Rodgers features several well known classics including a cover version of The Marcels hit Blue Moon. The album was released in 2011 on Encore Music Presents Records.
 Credit Card CD is a 3 track EP by Rolo Tomassi. The EP was recorded 30/10/05 at Ghost!Town Studios with Ross Halden. It features Rolo Tomassi's songs from the Rolo Tomassi / Mirror! Mirror! Split vinyl. The CD was sold at shows and limited to only 100 copies.
 Stepping Stones is a Greatest Hits package released by Australian artist Wendy Matthews in 1999. The album features all of Matthews singles since 1989. A DVD collection featuring all the music videos was also released.
 Japanese Hospitality is the title of the fourth album from Children of Bodom keyboardist Janne Wirman's Warmen project. The album was released August 24 via Spinefarm Records. The album includes two cover versions: Separate Ways originally recorded by Journey and Black Cat by Janet Jackson. The guest musicians that appear on the CD include Alexi Laiho (Children of Bodom) Pasi Rantanen (ex-Thunderstone) Timo Kotipelto (Stratovarius) Jonna Kosonen (Nylon Beat) Marko Vaara.
 Pebbles Volume 23 is a compilation album among the LP's in the Pebbles series. It is one of 10 albums in the sub-series The Continent Lashes Back and is sub-titled Holland Part 2. Pebbles Volume 15 and Pebbles Volume 25 also feature Dutch bands.
 Walk on the Wild Side: The Best of Lou Reed is the first greatest hits compilation by Lou Reed formerly of The Velvet Underground. It was issued by RCA Records after Reed's first contract with them ended in 1976. Issued on compact disc on October 25 1990.
 Snooker world rankings 2000/2001: The professional world rankings for the top 32 snooker players and nine others from the top 64 in the 2000/2001 season are listed below.
 Pop is the ninth studio album by Irish rock band U2 released in March 1997. The album was a continuation of the band's 1990s reinvention as they pursued a new musical direction by combining alternative rock techno dance and electronica influences.
 Nude on the Moon: The B-52's Anthology is a two-CD compilation album containing 35 songs recorded by The B-52's between the years 1979 and 1998. This compilation includes live recordings of Quiche Lorraine and Whammy Kiss and a previously unreleased outtake version of Queen of Las Vegas.
 The Best of the Ramones is a re-release of the 2002 Ramones compilation album Best of the Chrysalis Years but with a new title cover and track sequence. The album was released May 25 2004 on Disky Records and is not available in the United States.
 In Torment in Hell is the sixth studio album by American death metal band Deicide. It was released on September 25 2001 on Roadrunner Records. The album received strong criticism from the metal underground for what many critics view as rushed production and lackluster songwriting. The label pressured the band for a quick follow-up to Insineratehymn but Deicide failed to meet the deadline of its original release date of July 31.
 Speed SFX is a compilation album of Dancemania's Speed series released by EMI Music Japan in the late 2003.As a special edition in the Speed G series the album features uptempo remixes of popular theme songs for various films mainly those of science fiction.Different remixes of the album's several tracks can also be found on other Dancemania albums such as X2 X9 Speed 2 Speed 3 Speed 5 Speed Best 2001 Speed G2 80's Two Zip Mania III Best Red or Diamond.
 Till I Loved You is a studio album by American artist Barbra Streisand released on October 25 1988 on Columbia Records.
 Moving Mountains was a 1985 solo album by Justin Hayward of The Moody Blues released on Towerbell Records.It was later re-released on CD and cassette in June 1989 with one bonus track The Lights Are Low.allmusic's Bruce Eder gave the disc 3 stars calling it lushly orchestrated and more representative of The Moody Blues than much of that band's actual output during the early '80s. He also called it nicely done but very dated for a '80s album.
 Best of 2Pac is a posthumous greatest hits compilation series from rapper Tupac Shakur released in two parts: Thug and Life. Both albums were released on December 4 2007 in the United States and December 10 2007 in the United Kingdom having had been leaked on November 30. As of Sept. 2011 more than 212399 copies of Thug have been sold in the United States while Life has sold more than 135249.
 Warts and All: Volume 2 is the second volume in a collection of commercially released full-concert live albums by the American jam band moe. It was recorded live on February 23 2002 at The Tabernacle in Atlanta Georgia.This album is one of 10 live jam releases of this century according to the August issue of Guitar One magazine.
 The Genuine Article is the debut album by American Wu-Tang Clan-affiliated rapper Remedy. Production was handled by Remedy himself except for one track Warning which was produced by fellow Wu-Tang Clan affiliate 4th Disciple.
 Heartwork is the fourth album by British extreme metal band Carcass and has been described as the band's breakthrough and mid-period masterpiece. It was released through Earache Records on 18 October 1993. The album was recorded at Parr Street Studios Liverpool from 18 May – 21 June 1993.The sculpture depicted in the cover art Life Support 1993 was designed by H.R. Giger and is an update of a sculpture he created in the late 1960s.
 L'Etat Et Moi is Blumfeld's second album released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).The cover is a parody of Elvis Presley's 1959 album 50000000 Elvis Fans Can't Be Wrong.
 The Triple M Acoustic Sessions is the fourth EP by Australian rock band Powderfinger released in 1999. It is a rare EP recorded by the band in Sydney radio studio Triple M featuring only three songs all from their 1998 album Internationalist. As is printed on the cover of the EP there were only 800 copies pressed.
 Stars Die – Rare and Unreleased is a compilation album by British psychedelic rock/progressive rock band Porcupine Tree released on cassette in Poland only. It features one side of tracks taken from singles and a side of tracks taken from the Insignificance cassette. This is essentially an early form of Stars Die: The Delerium Years 1991-1997 that omits tracks from On the Sunday of Life.
 People Gonna Talk is the third album by English singer-songwriter James Hunter released on March 7 2006. The album charted at number one on the Billboard Top Blues Albums chart. The album reached the top ten in Mojo magazine's Albums Of 2006 critics polls. It was also nominated for Best Traditional Blues Album of the Year. Two singles were released from the album in the U.S. People Gonna Talk and Mollena.
 Alex Lora: 35 Años y lo Que le Falta Todavía (Alex Lora: 75 Years and What is Left to Come) (2004) is the twenty-second album and fifth live album by Aleman Metal Blues band El Tri.This was the last album by the band to be released by WEA before the front man of the band Alex Lora funded his own Record label named Lora Records.
 Lunatic is the fifth album by French rapper Booba and released on November 22 2010 on Tallac Records. It's named after his former hip hop duo Lunatic with Ali. Lunatic sold 37000 copies in its first week. By December 2010 Lunatic' had sold 110000 copies.
 Local Ground is the ninth studio album by Altan. It was released in 2005 on the Narada label.
 My World is the debut studio album released by Bryn Christopher. It was released in the United Kingdom on 8 September 2008. The first single The Quest was released on 8 June 2008 and peaked at #45 in the UK Singles Chart. The second single was released in September 2008 called Smilin' it peaked at #31. The third single Fearless was released on 18 January 2009 but failed to chart as did the final single Taken Me Over.The album peaked at #18 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Bible of the Beast is the third studio album by German/Romanian power metal band Powerwolf. The album was released on April 24 2009.
 Train a Comin' is an acoustic studio album by Steve Earle. The album Earle's first in five years was released in 1995. In addition to Earle it features Peter Rowan Norman Blake Roy Huskey and Emmylou Harris. The album was nominated for a Grammy for Best Contemporary Folk Album.
 Rockin' in My Outer Space is a CD released by hard rock/heavy metal band Helix on May 24 2004. It is Helix' 9th full length studio album and 15th official album release. It is also their first studio album since 1993's It's a Business Doing Pleasure an 11 year gap and the longest gap between studio albums in Helix history.
 Joy Deep as Sorrow is Bob Bennett's ninth solo album; his second self-released solo album. For this release Bob Bennett raised $15000 through kickstarter.com to fund the recording and production of the CD.
 Rubisa Patrol is an album by American jazz pianist Art Lande recorded in 1976 and released on the ECM label.
 On Stage is a live recording of four songs performed on Kate Bush's Tour of Life in 1979. It was released on 31 August 1979 with Them Heavy People as the lead track and peaked at number 10 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Þagað í Hel was the first album released by Icelandic band Þeyr in December 1980 through label SG-hljómplötur.
 Tha Carter III is the sixth studio album by American rapper Lil Wayne released on June 10 2008 by Cash Money and Universal Motown. It follows a long string of mixtape releases and guest appearances on other hip hop and R&B artists records helping to increase his exposure in the mainstream. The album's cover art features a baby picture of Wayne and is similar to covers of hip hop albums such as Nas's Illmatic (1994) and Notorious B.I.G.'s Ready to Die (1994).
 Nina Hagen Band EP is a compilation of tracks by the Nina Hagen Band. The tracks are taken from the Nina Hagen Band and Unbehagen albums.
 Dry & Heavy is an album by reggae artist Burning Spear. It was released in 1977 on Island Records.
 Wide Awake in Dreamland is Pat Benatar's seventh studio album and her eighth album overall released in 1988. After a string of successful albums this was her last rock-oriented album of the 1980s before she would go on to try a blues-based sound. The album's lead single All Fired Up reached a high of No. 19 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and was the last of Benatar's singles to reach the Billboard Hot 100. The album sold approximately 700000 copies in the United States.
 The Burning Sphere is the third album released by Amulet.
 Bitches Brew is a studio double album by jazz musician Miles Davis released in April 1970 on Columbia Records. The album continued his experimentation with electric instruments previously featured on his critically acclaimed In a Silent Way album.
 Wasted...Again is an album released by American hardcore punk band Black Flag in 1987 on SST Records. It is a best-of compilation released after Black Flag's breakup in 1986.
 Today is a studio album by American country music group The Statler Brothers. It was released in 1983 via Mercury Records. The album peaked at number 193 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 All the Joy in the World is Jump5's first Christmas album released on October 22 2002. Their covers of Joy to the World and Stange Way To Save The World was released to Christian contemporary hit radio (CHR) and adult contemporary radio on the week of October 31 2002 just in time for the Christmas and holiday season of that year. The album is a mix of both traditional and modern Christmas covers.
 The Best of Barbara Mandrell is a compilation album by American country music singer Barbara Mandrell released in January 1979.The Best of Barbara Mandrell covered most of Mandrell's biggest hits from the mid to late 70s. It includes the #1 Sleeping Single In a Double Bed other Top 10s including Tonight Standing Room Only and Woman to Woman.
 The Fake EP is the debut release from Christian recording artist Joy Whitlock. It was released on Ardent Records on November 11 2005. The album received positive reviews. The EP contains 5 original songs written by Whitlock (Colors by Whitlock and Drew Thomas) shortly after her conversion dealing heavily with themes of redemption and the difficult struggles of being a Christian.
 Patrice is the fourth self-titled album by R&B singer Patrice Rushen.
 Frank-ly Speaking is an album by American jazz pianist Horace Parlan featuring performances recorded in 1978 and released on the Danish-based SteepleChase label.
 Electric World is a double album by Neal Schon released in 1997. The album is influenced by Carlos Santana.
 Rock The World is the fourth album by the British pop group Five Star. It was released in 1988 and reached #17 on the UK charts.Two singles from the album were UK Top 30 hits: Another Weekend and Rock My World. The latter was the group's final chart hit. Two further singles from the album There's A Brand New World and Let Me Be Yours failed to reached the Top 40.
 Kiss the Future is a compilation album by vocalist Mark Stewart released on May 30 2005 through Soul Jazz Records.
 Pre-Life Crisis is the debut album by American rapper and record producer Count Bass D.
 Absolute Design is the debut album from Swedish melodic death metal/industrial band Engel. The album was released in Europe on October 31 2007 while the North American release date was May 20 2008. Music videos were released for Casket Closing Next Closed Door and Calling Out.
 Whores on Crutches is the tenth Bravo stand-up comedy special by stand-up comedian Kathy Griffin and twelfth overall. It was televised live from the Pechanga Resort and Casino in Temecula California on November 2 2010 on Bravo and released on October 30 2012 on Bravo as a part of the Kathy Griffin Collection: Red White & Raw. It was originally called Diva in a Tipi.
 Streets: A Rock Opera (often simply shortened to Streets) is a concept album by Savatage dealing with the rise and fall of the musician DT Jesus. It was originally released in October 1991 on Atlantic Records. The album took almost a year to record with pre-production beginning in October 1990.
 I Am is the third studio album by German pop trio Monrose released by Starwatch Music and the Warner Music Group on 26 September 2008 (see 2008 in music) in German-speaking Europe and 29 September 2008 in Poland.
 Game Face is the 10th studio album by rapper Master P. It marked the debut of the New No Limit Records and a partnership with Universal Records. The album debuted at #72 on the Billboard 200 with 71000 copies sold in its first week at retail. It later climbed up the charts and peaked at #46 early in 2002.
 Just Dave Van Ronk is a 1964 album by folk/blues singer Dave Van Ronk. It has not been released on CD.
 Miracle Mile is the fourth studio album by the Portland based indie rock band Starfucker released on February 19 2013 on Polyvinyl Records.
 Introducing the 3 Sounds is the debut album by jazz group The Three Sounds featuring performances recorded in 1958 and released on the Blue Note label. The CD reissue includes five bonus tracks and one alternate take originally issued in Japan as Introducing the 3 Sounds Volume 2. It would be the first Blue Note release to feature short lived catalogue numbering BLP 16.. for mono issues and BST 16.. for stereo releases (1600 series).
 The Evening Descends is the second album by Norman Oklahoma band Evangelicals. The album employs a storybook structure with many of the songs involving narratives that relate to one another. The album was given an 8.3/10.0 by Pitchfork Media.
 Now That's What I Call R&B or Now! R&B is a double-disc compilation album released in the United Kingdom on 26 September 2011.Now R&B features four songs which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: No Regrets Don't Go Don't Wanna Go Home and Party Rock Anthem.
 On a Full Moon is the solo debut album by David Bryan from the band Bon Jovi. It is an instrumental CD released in 1995.
 Nocturne is an album by American saxophonist Oliver Nelson and Lem Winchester. It was originally released in 1961 on Prestige Records as part of the Moodsville Series.
 Kallocain is the second studio album of the Swedish art rock band Paatos.
 The Whole Thing's Started is the second studio album by Australian soft rock band Air Supply it was released in July 1977. The first single Do What You Do was released ahead of the album in June That's How the Whole Thing Started followed in October and Do It Again appeared in February 1978. Neither the album nor the singles peaked into the Australian Kent Music Report Top 40 charts.
 Jane@Music (simplified Chinese: 张靓颖@音乐; traditional Chinese: 張靚穎@音樂)is Jane Zhang's third studio album that was released on January 20 2009. The album features more includes more jazzy and faster songs from her previous album. This is her last album with Huayi before signing to Show City Times a division of Universal Music China. It was one of the top 10 Albums of Mainland China in early 2009.
 Music to Crash Your Car to: Vol. 2 is a Mötley Crüe compilation album containing songs from the band's later work. It collects the albums Dr. Feelgood and Mötley Crüe the EP Quaternary (currently out of print) and the compilations Decade of Decadence (currently out of print) and Supersonic and Demonic Relics. The box set also contains a rare comic book and a double sided poster one with the cover art and the other with the Decade of Decadence cover art.
 Spring is the debut full-length album by Cyann & Ben. It was released on February 17 2004 on Gooom Disquesin France and Locust Music in North America.
 The X Factor is the tenth studio album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden released on 2 October 1995 through EMI. It is the band's first album to include Blaze Bayley formerly of Wolfsbane as vocalist replacing Bruce Dickinson who left the band following their previous tour to pursue a solo career.
 Gorilla is singer-songwriter James Taylor's sixth album. Released in 1975 it was more successful than Walking Man his previous release with two hits: Mexico and How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved By You) which rose to the top five on the Billboard charts. This would be his second-to-last release of new material for Warner Bros. Records his last being In the Pocket. In many ways Gorilla showcased Taylor's electric lighter side that became evident on Walking Man.
 Cobain's Diary is the fourth LP by Detroit rap artist King Gordy.Executive Produced by Olaf Johnson and Co-Produced by Jake Bass.[1]
 Freedom to Roam is Nikola Šarčević's fourth solo album released in March 2013. The album was recorded entirely in English as opposed to his previous solo album Nikola & Fattiglapparna which was made up of all-Swedish lyrics.On March 17 2013 the first single and video clip for Ophelia was released.The album is also set to be released on limited edition red or black vinyl. The release has since been delayed.
 The Willows is an album by Jim Jupp under the pseudonym of Belbury Poly. The album was released in 2004 on the Ghost Box Music label. It is named after a short story by Algernon Blackwood.
 Zenbu! Petitmoni (ぜんぶ！プッチモニ Senbu! Pucchimoni) is the first album and last album of the subgroup Pucchimoni. It was released on August 21 2002 selling a total of 109160 copies and placing at #1 on the Oricon charts.
 O Que Você Quer Saber De Verdade is an album by Brazilian singer Marisa Monte released in October 2011. Its featured songs include Ainda bem and O Que Você Quer Saber De Verdade. It reached number one in Brasil Hot 100 Airplay ranking.
 Ultra.Dance 12 is a 2-CD dance compilation album from Ultra Records as part of the Ultra Dance series. It was released on January 25 2011 and mixed by Vic Latino.
 Richard Pryor is the debut album of comedian Richard Pryor. It was recorded live at The Troubadour in West Hollywood California.
 Lively is the fifth album by the North Carolina band Arrogance released in 1981 (see 1981 in music). It was recorded live in March 1981 around various clubs in North Carolina. Most of these songs were unreleased at the time of its release although a few existed as singles or B-Sides. Some also existed as unreleased demos.
 Live at Monterey is a posthumous live album released on October 16 2007. It contains Hendrix' performance with his band The Jimi Hendrix Experience at the 1967 Monterey Pop Festival.The album is similar to the Reprise release Jimi Plays Monterey released in 1986.Eddie Kramer mixed this version.
 The Sullen Sulcus is the second album by Irish doom metal band Mourning Beloveth. It was released in 2002 on Aftermath Records.
 Rajaz is the thirteenth studio album by Camel released in 1999. The album's songs have been composed on the camel's walking metre.
 The Visitor is an album by Mick Fleetwood released on the RCA Records label in 1981. All the songs were recorded in Accra Ghana between January and February 1981 at the Ghana Film Industries Inc. Studio.Two of the tracks were covers of Fleetwood Mac songs: Rattlesnake Shake was originally recorded for the 1969 album Then Play On and Walk a Thin Line first appeared on the 1979 album Tusk.
 Collector's Edition is a box set by Swedish-Greek duo Antique. It Includes three discs: Mera Me Ti Mera Me Logia Ellinika and Alli Mia Fora. The collection was released in 2003 by V2 Records.
 Nocturama is the twelfth studio album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds released in 2003. It so far has a Metacritic score of 73 out of 100 based on generally favorable reviews. To date it is the last Bad Seeds album to feature founding member Blixa Bargeld. This album reunited Nick Cave with Nick Launay who had produced Junkyard by The Birthday Party 21 years earlier.
 Reservoir is a four song CD EP by Irish singer/songwriter Fionn Regan. It was released 20 January 2003 on Anvil Records.
 Elettromacumba is the ninth studio album from Italian rock band Litfiba and the first with the new line-up following the departure of all previous members except main composer Ghigo Renzulli who owns the band's name.
 Sudden Elevation is Icelandic musician Ólöf Arnalds' third album. The album was produced by Arnalds and Icelandic-American composer Skúli Sverrisson. It is her first album recorded entirely in English.
 Until the End is the third album by Kittie an all-women heavy metal band from London Ontario. It was released in 2004 and included the single Into the Darkness which made its way to radio stations in June that year. A music video was also produced for the song. Into The Darkness made its video debut on MTV2's Headbanger's Ball and peaked at #41 on the US 'Radio & Records Active Rock Songs' chart. The track Red Flags was also released as a promotional single in the fall of 2004.
 Justin is the debut album of Justin Lo released on November 29 2005.
 Eve 6 is Eve 6's first self-titled studio album released on April 28 1998 on RCA Records.
 Smack Bunny Baby is the debut album from the band Brainiac. The vinyl version features a bonus track called Velveteen.
 Gemini is a previously recorded album by TQ that was originally planned to be released on Cash Money Records in 2003. The album was not released by Cash Money so TQ released it online on November 30 2007 through snocap.com posting the information on his MySpace page. TQ then announced he would release it properly as snocap was limited to American users. The Gemini that was then released on 2 June 2009 had a different track listing to the first release.
 Christmas Song is Mannheim Steamroller's eighth Christmas album overall and the group's fifth Christmas studio album. It was released in 2007 on CD by American Gramaphone and features twelve Christmas songs. It is notable that Steamroller co-founder Jackson Berkey doesn't appear on the album.
 Vive Le Rock is the third solo album by Adam Ant released in 1985.This album at first received only minor attention in the United States peaking only at #131. In the United Kingdom it peaked at #42. One single from the album was released in the United States - the title track Vive Le Rock. The 12th track Human Bondage Den was released on the original cassette and CD release of this album (as a bonus non-LP track).
 Super Soul is an album by jazz organist Richard Groove Holmes fronting a big band which was recorded in 1967 in Chicago and released on the Prestige label.
 Aerosmith Video Scrapbook is a VHS video featuring live material and some promotional videos alongside conversations between the band and their families. It was also released as a laserdisc. There has yet to be a DVD release. In February 1988 the RIAA certified the release as Gold (Longform video).
 Dancing Shoes is the third album by Swedish pop singer September. It was released on 26 September 2007 worldwide under Catchy Tunes label. It was her highest peaking album yet peaking in Sweden at number 12 on the Swedish Album Charts.
 Live Session (iTunes Exclusive) is the sixth EP by Californian rock band Papa Roach. The EP is only available through iTunes. It was recorded at Sessions@AOL in the spring of 2006. This version of the song Forever was featured on the ...To Be Loved: The Best of Papa Roach greatest hits compilation.
 Yggdrasil (ユグドラシル Yugudorashiru) is the fourth studio album by Bump of Chicken released on August 25 2004. It included the singles Snow Smile Lost Man/Sailing Day Only Lonely Glory and Sharin no Uta. The album peaked at #1 on Oricon Weekly Charts and was #19 on the 2004 Oricon Top 100 Albums.
 Terrain to Roam is the second studio album by Los Angeles-based rapper Subtitle. It was released on Alpha Pup Records in 2006.
 Four Ambient Tales is a 1993 EP of ambient music by musician Billie Ray Martin which was reissued and expanded in 2000.
 Pure Heroine is the debut studio album by New Zealand singer-songwriter Lorde released on 27 September 2013 by Universal Music Group. An extended version of the album was released on 13 December 2013. Lorde collaborated with producer Joel Little and began planning the project in 2012. After releasing her first extended play (EP) The Love Club EP and its lead single Royals in 2013 they continued writing and producing material.
 Diamonds Are Forever is the soundtrack by John Barry for the seventh James Bond film of the same name.Diamonds Are Forever the title song with lyrics by Don Black was the second Bond theme to be performed by Shirley Bassey after Goldfinger.
 Ersatz GB is the 29th studio album by the post-punk band The Fall released on Cherry Red Records 14 November 2011. It is The Fall's first album on Cherry Red.Ersatz GB marks the first time in the history of The Fall that the group have released three consecutive studio albums recorded with the same line-up.
 Reflections is the first extended play (EP) and fourth major release overall by German eurodance-trance project S.E.X. Appeal. The album was released 2010. Even though it's the group's fourth album release it features their first three singles Voulez-vous coucher avec moi Life goes up life goes down and Dirty talk which didn't appear on their debut album Peeping Tom or any of their previous albums in general before for unknown reasons.
 Greatest Hits is the fourth compilation album released by American country artist Barbara Mandrell. The album was released in March 1985 on MCA Records and was produced by Tom Collins. The album was her first compilation for MCA Records.
 From the Choirgirl Hotel is the fourth studio album by American singer and songwriter Tori Amos. A departure from her previous albums it was more heavily produced project featuring a full rock band sound (instead of Amos' usual minimalist piano sound). Upon its release in May 1998 the album debuted at US #5 and UK #6.
 Black Diamond is The Rippingtons' ninth album their first on Peak records. Released in 1997 the album features some special guests one of them saxophonist Nelson Rangell who played on the song Jewel Thieves. The album was deeper than their previous release 1996's Brave New World and featured Jeff Kashiwa on many of the album's songs. Black Diamond since its release has since been regarded as a smooth jazz classic.[citation needed]
 Nautilus (album) is the fifth official studio album of Serbian industrial group dreDDup. dreDDup stated in 2010 that there will be no more studio albums and that band is going into album recording hibernation. Nautilus came as the surprise coming so shortly after its predecessor dreDDup (album). It was recorded during the period 2011-2012 in DURU studio. The complete production and studio mastering/mixing was done by miKKa.
 Drugsherpa is a 3-inch CD EP by Muslimgauze. It was the first 3 release for Muslimgauze as well as the first on the Staalplaat label.
 Death Erotica is the fourth full-length studio album from English thrash metal band Cerebral Fix. It was released on Music For Nations in 1992 and follows the previous year's album Bastards. It is their final album to date. Guest musician spots were taken by members of Napalm Death Pop Will Eat Itself and Marshall Law on cover versions of songs by Discharge and Judas Priest. To support the album the band toured the UK with Paradise Lost.
 We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank is the fifth studio album by American indie rock band Modest Mouse released in 2007. The album is the first studio album by the band since their 2004 album Good News for People Who Love Bad News and is also the band's only full-length with former Smiths guitarist Johnny Marr as a member of the band.
 The Sinister Urge is the second solo studio album from former White Zombie frontman Rob Zombie. The album is the follow up to his highly successful debut album Hellbilly Deluxe released in 1998. The album was released by Geffen Records on November 13 2001 more than three years after the release of his first album. The album's title is named after the 1961 crime drama film The Sinister Urge directed and written by Ed Wood.
 Light is the third album by reggae singer Matisyahu which was released on August 25 2009. It was anticipated since his major label debut Youth released three years before. The album has been highly successful in the reggae world holding the top spot on the billboard reggae albums chart for 34 weeks.
 Hotline is the third album by the Christian rock band White Heart and the band's first with Gordon Kennedy on guitars and the last with Home Sweet Home Records.
 Black Woman & Child is the second studio album by Jamaican reggae artist Sizzla. It was released on September 16 1997 on VP Records and produced by Robert Bobby Digital Dixon. The title track still remains as one of his most successful hits and is regarded as a 'classic'.The album was listed in the 1999 book The Rough Guide: Reggae: 100 Essential CDs.
 Front Row Club Issue 1 is a live Marillion CD recorded at Ludwigshalle Dieburg Germany November 9 1998 during the Radiation Tour.It is the first release in the Front Row Club Releases series.
 Live at the BBC is a compilation album by English folk-rock band Fairport Convention released in 2007. It includes tracks recorded for the BBC for various radio programmes between 1968 and 1974 and consists of four CDs in a fold-out package with a fifty-page booklet including song lyrics and numerous contemporary photographs.
 Far from the Lies is the second full-length album by Greeley Estates released on June 6 2006 through Record Collection.The album is the last to feature Greeley Estates' emo/post-hardcore sound before the band moved to metalcore on the next album Go West Young Man Let the Evil Go East. The sound on Far From the Lies was described as having songs that float between choruses using a dash of post-hardcore here a pinch of screamo there and a warm helping of some modern rock.
 After the Riot at Newport is an album by The Nashville All-Stars which was recorded live after the cancellation of their appearance at the 1960 Newport Jazz Festival.
 Beyond the Season (stylized as Beyºnd the Seasºn) is the first Christmas album by American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released on August 25 1992 and peaked at number 2 on both of Billboard magazine's Billboard 200 and Top Country Albums sales charts that year. Beyond the Season was also the best-selling Christmas/holiday album of 1992 in the United States with sales of 1542000 copies for the year. As of December 2008 it has sold a total of 2649000 copies in the U.S.
 Test for Echo is the sixteenth studio album by Canadian rock band Rush released in 1996. It marks the final Rush work prior to the events in Neil Peart's life that put the band on hiatus for several years. He recorded a majority of his drum tracks for the album using traditional grip after receiving drum lessons from jazz instructor Freddie Gruber. The cover displays an inukshuk native to the band's home country of Canada.
 The Best of Patrick Street is a compilation album by Patrick Street.The tracks are taken from the debut album Patrick Street (4 tracks) No 2 Patrick Street (5 tracks) Irish Times (4 tracks) and All In Good Time (5 tracks). There are 5 songs and 13 instrumental sets with Andy Irvine doing all the vocals. A Prince Among Men is a tribute to his coal-mining father. Running time 76 minutes 20 seconds. Released 1995.
 Small Steps Heavy Hooves is the debut album by Dear and the Headlights. The album was released on February 6 2007 on Equal Vision Records.
 The Sinatra Project is a 2008 studio album by the American singer Michael Feinstein recorded in tribute to the singer Frank Sinatra (1915–1998).
 Montreux III is a live album by jazz pianist Bill Evans with bassist Eddie Gomez recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland in 1975 and released on the Fantasy label. The album was the third of Evan's Montreux concert recordings to be released following Montreux II (1970) and the Grammy Award winning Bill Evans at the Montreux Jazz Festival (1968).
 Return of the Ugly is the sixth studio album by Bad Manners released in 1989 (see 1989 in music). It was the band's first release on an independent label.
 Inner Circle CD #3 - Live In Berlin is a Christian rock album by Neal Morse. The Inner Circle is essentially a fan club and this release was made available exclusively via that club. Referred to as Live In Berlin Part 1 it implies a Part 2 might appear at some point. It was recorded on February 13 and released mid September 2005.The numbering of the Inner Circle releases has not been consistent. The first two releases were Inner Circle CD #1 and Inner Circle DVD #1.
 Tupac: Live at the House of Blues was 2Pac's last recorded performance. The album was recorded on July 4 1996 and then released in 2005 9 years after his death in 1996. It includes hit singles to date such as Hit 'Em Up 2 of Amerikaz Most Wanted and So Many Tears. Since its release it has sold over a million copies and is certified Platinum.
 See the Whirl is the first and only album by Leeds post-punk band Delta 5.
 Big Shot in the Dark is the fourth album from Timbuk 3 and their debut as a four-piece band. It was the first major release for Trinidad-Tobago native Courtney Audain who played bass and added steel drums to the group's instrumentation and for drummer/percussionist Wally Ingram who later went on to record and tour with major artists Tracy Chapman Sheryl Crow and Bonnie Raitt. Timbuk3's previous three albums were recorded by the husband and wife team of Pat MacDonald and Barbara K.
 Kiss (キス Kisu) is the second EP released by Chara which was released on September 24 2008 (two months after her 12th original album Honey). It was her first EP marketed as a mini-album as opposed to a single. It debuted at #30 on the Japanese Oricon album charts and charted in the top 300 for six weeks.The EP comprises three covers and two versions of one original song.
 Tardo Pede In Magiam Versus is the debut album from Italian progressive rock band Jacula. The album is very different from the album In Cauda Semper Stat Venenum claimed to have been released earlier. Notable differences include Doris Norton singing new member Albert Goodman on drums and the lack of the signature distortion guitar.
 MSG is the second album by the hard rock band Michael Schenker Group. The band was formed in 1979 by the former Scorpions and UFO guitarist Michael Schenker.Producer Ron Nevison's high production values resulted in the recording of this album going over budget a crippling debt that dogged the band for the rest of their short career. Though the band at the time had reservations about the recording it is regarded by fans as perhaps their finest hour.[citation needed]
 Caravan to Midnight is the sixth studio album by Robin Trower. The album cover art is by Hipgnosis.
 Trompe le Monde is the fourth studio album by the American alternative rock band Pixies released in 1991 on the English independent record label 4AD in the United Kingdom and by Elektra Records in the United States. After the surf-pop of Bossanova the album saw a return to the abrasive sound of the band's early albums.
 To Get to You: Greatest Hits Collection is a compilation album by American country music artist Lorrie Morgan. It was released by BNA Records in February 2000. Its only single To Get to You peaked at #63 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The album peaked at #21 on the Top Country Albums chart.
 Tamer Animals is the second album of the American indie rock band Other Lives.
 Notes & Rhymes released in 2009 is the eighth studio album by The Proclaimers. It was produced by Steve Evans and recorded at Rockfield Studios.
 The Best of Bruce Dickinson is a compilation album released in 2001 by Bruce Dickinson. Two versions were released; a single disc version and a bonus disc version. On the front cover the album title is imposed upon the seal of the demon Astaroth.Disc 1 is a selection of songs from his previous solo albums with the addition of two new songs Broken and Silver Wings both of which were written by Dickinson and guitarist/producer Roy Z.
 A Little Oblique is a self-released compilation by house producer deadmau5. It is one of his most obscure albums as it was only released on his SectionZ page. It includes many songs which were later released on other albums (such as Vexillology) and collaborations with Melleefresh and Steve Duda. The tracks that include Steve Duda's vocals are often confused with fans thinking that deadmau5 is singing and has edited his own voice to make it in tune.[citation needed]
 Carnivorous Erection is the second full length album by goregrind band Regurgitate. It was released on October 20 2000 by Relapse Records. The picture LP version was released in 2001 by Morbid Records. The album cover was named one of the worst album covers of all time by the staff of Pitchfork Media.
 The Melody at Night With You is a solo album by American pianist Keith Jarrett recorded at his home studio in 1998 and released on the ECM label in 1999. It was recorded during his bout with chronic fatigue syndrome and was dedicated to Jarrett's second and then-wife Rose Anne: For Rose Anne who heard the music then gave it back to me.In an interview in Time magazine in November 1999 he explained ″I started taping it in December of 1997 as a Christmas present for my wife.
 Exit 13 is the twelfth and final studio album on American rapper LL Cool J's record deal with Def Jam Recordings a deal that had lasted for more than two decades. It was released on September 9 2008.
 Black Sea is the fourth studio album by the English band XTC released on 12 September 1980. It spawned five singles—Generals And Majors (released 9 August 1980 and reached No. 32 on the UK singles chart and No. 104 on the Billboard Pop chart) Towers Of London (released 10 October 1980 and reached No. 31 on the UK singles chart) Sgt. Rock (Is Going To Help Me) (released 5 December 1980 and reached No.
 Country Funk 1969-1975 is a compilation album released on July 24 2012 by Light in the Attic. The compilation represents selections from an obscure offshoot of country and funk music deemed country funk.
 In This Way They Found Me is an album by the American indie band The Prom. It was released on January 1 2001 on Panther Fact Records.
 Wala Tessaddeq (Arabic: و لا تصدق‎) (Don't believe) is a 1993 album by the Syrian singer Asalah Nasri.
 Mark Collie is the self-titled third studio album released by American country music artist Mark Collie. It was released in 1993 by MCA Records. It featured the singles Even The Man In The Moon Is Crying Shame Shame Shame Shame and Born To Love You. It peaked at number 38 on the Top Country Albums chart.
 Level Live Wires is a studio album from American indie hip hop producer Odd Nosdam. It was released on Anticon in 2007.The album features guest appearances from Tunde Adebimpe Jessica Bailiff Jel Why? among others.
 Live: You Get What You Play For is a live album by rock band REO Speedwagon released as a double-LP in 1977 (and years later as a single CD). It was recorded at Memorial Hall in Kansas City Kansas the Convention Center in Indianapolis Indiana Kiel Auditorium in Saint Louis Missouri and Alex Cooley's Electric Ballroom in Atlanta Georgia.The Japanese CD reissue released in 2011 restores all the songs to their original full lengths including both Gary's Guitar Solo and Little Queenie.
 Boogie's Gonna Getcha: '80s New York Boogie is a compilation album in a BackBeats series released in 2010 on the Demon Music Group-sublabel BackBeats. The album was compiled by British music producer Ian Dewhirst and it was released on CD and contains twelve original boogie and post-disco tracks. In the United States most of the songs were either underground and/or entered the Billboard Dance charts.
 Spirituality 1983–2008: The Consummate Compendium is a greatest hits album by Spirit of the West released by Rhino Records on July 15 2008.The album was compiled as a 25th anniversary retrospective of the band's career and features 32 tracks over two discs. The tracks include two new songs Another Happy New Year and Winter's Now the Enemy as well as an unreleased demo version of the band's song Kiss & Tell.
 The Changing of the Guard is the twelfth album by indie rock band Starflyer 59. It was released on the 10th of August 2010. The album was produced by Jason Martin and mixed by JR McNeely (Anberlin Paramore Relient K).Test vinyl pressings of the album limited to twenty-five copies went on sale on the 16th of June and were mailed on the 17th of July 2010 in white vinyl.
 Banga is the eleventh studio album by American rock musician Patti Smith released on June 1 2012 on Columbia Records. Recorded throughout 2011 at New York's Electric Lady Studios and Hoboken's Hobo Recorders Banga was produced by Smith Tony Shanahan Jay Dee Daugherty and collaborator Lenny Kaye.
 The Fan is the soundtrack to the 1996 film The Fan. It was released on August 20 1996 through TVT Records and was a combination of electronic and hip hop music.
 Hot Swing is a live swing jazz album by Mark O'Connor Frank Vignola and Jon Burr. The trio later released two more similarly themed albums one live and one in the studio under the name of Mark O'Connor's Hot Swing Trio In Full Swing and Live in New York.
 Skinman is the second full-length album by Australian Thrash metal band Allegiance released in 1996. The album was produced in Perth Western Australia by John Villani.
 Take It Greasy was the first album to be released by Australian 50's retro band Ol' 55. The album sold very well in Australia reaching number 3 on the national charts and was awarded a platinum record. At the time 1950s music and culture had gained a newfound interest in Australia amongst a younger generation largely due to the influence of the very popular TV show Happy Days and earlier investigations into doo-wop by the group Daddy Cool.
 Wish Upon a Blackstar is the second vocal album (third overall) from American electronic rock project Celldweller. While the album had been a work in progress since 2004 finalized songs from the album were not released until mid-2009. The full album was released on June 12 2012. Grant Mohrman producer of the debut Celldweller album returned to co-produce the album with Klayton.
 Shadows in the Light is a seventh full length album by American death metal band Immolation. It was released on May 8 2007 through Listenable Records.
 Concierto is an album by the Jim Hall sextet featuring Paul Desmond Chet Baker Ron Carter Steve Gadd and Roland Hanna. It was produced by Creed Taylor for his CTI Records label and recorded at Van Gelder Studio in New Jersey on April 16 and 23 1975. Concierto is named after the featured 19-minute jazz version of the classical piece for guitar Concierto de Aranjuez by Joaquín Rodrigo.
 Prophet of the Last Eclipse is the second album in a solo trilogy by symphonic power metal songwriter Luca Turilli of the band Rhapsody of Fire. It was released on November 26 2002 by Limb Music Productions. The ten tracks tell a story about the world Zaephyr and its destruction. Luca was inspired to make this album due to his love of science fiction films in particular Event Horizon.
 A Man Called Hoss is a concept album by Waylon Jennings released on MCA Records in 1987. It is a quasi-autobiographical record which chronicles Jennings' life and experiences in ten chapters each of which corresponds with a single track on the album; the titles of these chapters are: Childhood Texas First Love Lost Love Nashville Crazies Drugs Jessi Reflections and The Beginning.
 Another Stoney Evening is the sixth album by the duo of David Crosby and Graham Nash issued in 1998 on Grateful Dead Records catalogue GDCD 4057. It had been recorded at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion in Los Angeles California more than 26 years prior to its release.
 Probuzhdane (written Пробуждане in Bulgarian) is the first self-released album by Balkandji. The name means “Awakening” and the band translates it as “Awake”. “Probujdane” is also used for a transliteration of the name into English.It is freely distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution Licence.
 The Shouting End of Life is an album by British folk music group Oysterband released in 1995. The album was vehemently political and showed a much harder punkier side than previous albums.
 Gigi D'Agostino is the second studio album by Italian DJ Gigi D'Agostino released in 1996.
 The Blue Ridge Rangers is the first solo album by John Fogerty the former lead singer and lead guitarist of Creedence Clearwater Revival. Upon its initial release by Fantasy Records in 1973 the album was credited to The Blue Ridge Rangers with no mention of Fogerty on the cover. Fogerty chose to do this in order to distance himself from his Creedence legacy. The LP was later reissued and credited to John Fogerty with a different cover design.
 Vasantha Geethangal (Malayalam:വസന്തഗീതങ്ങള്‍) is a malayalam light music album composed by Raveendran in 1984. The lyrics of the songs were written by Bichu Thirumala and the songs were sung by K. J. Yesudas and K. S. Chithra. The album was produced by Yesudas' Tharangini Records. The album was very popular[citation needed] in Kerala and is considered as evergreen. It is one of the highest selling albums of Tharangini[citation needed].
 Albert Hammond (1974) is the third album by British-Gibraltarian singer songwriter and music producer Albert Hammond OBE. The album peaked at #3 on the Dutch albums chart and produced two singles which charted on the Hot 100.
 Ultimate Toni Braxton released in 2003 is the first greatest hits collection by R&B singer Toni Braxton. It features many of her greatest hits and includes all the singles from her debut Toni Braxton and all but one of the singles from her second album Secrets. Her albums The Heat and More Than a Woman are fairly underrepresented as only two and one songs are included from each album respectively.
 Ma Ya is Habib Koité & Bamada's second studio album.
 Songs About Fucking Steve Albini is an album by Electronic music artist Kid606. It was released on compact disc by Important Records. All of the samples used on the album are from analog sources according to the Important Records press release. The album cover and title are both a reference to Big Black's album Songs About Fucking of which Steve Albini was lead singer and guitarist. Also all of the track titles are anagrams of Miguel De Pedro Kid606's real name.
 All American Alien Boy is the second solo album by Ian Hunter. Because of management issues Mick Ronson did not appear on this album; instead Hunter brought in keyboardist Chris Stainton in order to act as a balancing force in the studio. Unlike his previous album the album didn't feature any of his trademark rockers and he opted for a more jazzy direction.
 Keepin' Dah Funk Alive 4-1995 is a live double CD set by Bootsy's New Rubber Band. The album was first released by P-Vine Records on January 25 1995 and by Rykodisc in the U.S. and the UK later that same year. The album was recorded at Club Jungle Bass in Tokyo Japan on June 24 and 25 1994 and represents the first live recording of Bootsy and his Rubber Band. The album includes a fold-out poster.
 Jintara Poonlarp 9 is a luk thung and mor lam album by the Thai singer Jintara Poonlarp. First released on the Grammy Entertainment label it was the 9th album in her first series of recordings and her 9th original album.
 Looking Out is an album by the jazz pianist McCoy Tyner released on the Columbia label in 1982. It has performances by Tyner with Carlos Santana Stanley Clarke Gary Bartz vocalist Phyllis Hyman and a string section. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states the music is quite forgettable. Tyner plays well and with as much passion as usual but one can clearly sense that not all of the musicians were recording the music at the same time for they rarely react to each other's presence.
 Built to Last is the third studio album by Canadian country music singer/songwriter Damian Marshall. The album was released by Busy Music on January 24 2006. He wrote or co-wrote all the songs on this album. Lead-off single Where I'm Running From charted at 18 on the Canadian Country Music Charts with That's What Love Is as the next single charting 16 on the charts.
 The Thrills Bite Size is an EP by Irish alternative rock band The Thrills released exclusively through iTunes music stores in 2007.The EP features three songs from the band's first album So Much for the City and two from their second album Let's Bottle Bohemia.
 Smrt fašizmu (trans. Death to fascism) is the second studio album released by the Yugoslav/Bosnian band Plavi orkestar in 1986. To date it has been certified diamond selling over 300 000 copies in the former Yugoslavia.
 Two soundtracks and a character song collection were made from the anime Chobits. Composed by K-taro Takanami and other artists the two soundtrack CDs were released in 2003 while the character song collection was released in 2004. Both of the Original soundtracks were produced by Shiro Sasaki.
 iTunes Live from Sydney is an EP by The Presets released in 2008.
 Love In A Million Shades is the fourth studio album by Finnish singer Hanna Pakarinen released in Finland by RCA on January 14 2009. It was preceded by the single Make Believe and followed by the singles Shout It Out Loud Love In A Million Shades and Rescue Me.The album debuted and peaked at number seven on the Finnish albums chart Pakarinen's lowest chart position to date.
 A Colt 45 Christmas is the seventh studio album released by Afroman. It contains songs that are all parodies of Christmas songs.They all have themes including sex crimes and drugs especially marijuana and alcohol.
 Naked Thunder is a 1990 solo album by Ian Gillan released soon after his departure from Deep Purple in 1989. It features a varied selection of songs with one of Gillan's most passionate and impressive performances in Loving on Borrowed Time and No More Cane on the Brazos a traditional tune.
 Delphi 2&3 Solo Piano Improvisations is a double album recorded by Chick Corea and released in 1980.
 Exorcise the Demons is a studio album by drum and bass artists Source Direct which was released on March 8 1999. Three of the tracks Concealed Identity Mind Weaver and Technical Warfare are previously released singles.
 Eyes of the Universe is a 1979 album released by the English rock group Barclay James Harvest.
 Songs from Self Saucing is the seventh album released by Australian comedy band Tripod and their third live album. The album was recorded April 2006 during the last “Tripod are: Self Saucing’ show at the Melbourne International Comedy Festival in front of a sell out crowd at the Hi-Fi Bar and Ballroom.
 Beer Bait & Ammo is the debut album of American country music singer Kevin Fowler. It was released on November 21 2000 on the independent Tin Roof label.The title track from the album Beer Bait & Ammo turned into what All Music Guide described as somewhat of a Texas anthem with Mark Chesnutt making the song a part of his live performances and Sammy Kershaw and George Jones each recording cover versions of the song.
 Degüello is the sixth studio album by the American blues rock band ZZ Top released in 1979 (see 1979 in music). Degüello means beheading or idiomatically no quarter (as in no surrender to be given or accepted--a fight to the death) in Spanish and was the title of a Moorish-origin bugle call used by the Mexican Army at the Battle of the Alamo Texas in 1836.Degüello was produced by Bill Ham and engineered by Bob Ludwig and recorded and mixed by Terry Manning.
 R.I.D.E. is the third and final studio album by American country music group Trick Pony. It is also the group's only recording for the Asylum-Curb label. The album's name is an abbreviation for Rebellious Individuals Delivering Entertainment.This album includes the singles The Bride It's a Heartache and Ain't Wastin' Good Whiskey on You.
 Chasing Time: The Bedlam Sessions is a live album and DVD released by James Blunt in 2006 as a follow-up to his 2004 debut album Back to Bedlam. The set contains a live album from Ireland as well as a DVD featuring a recorded performance at the BBC music videos for High You're Beautiful Wisemen and Goodbye My Lover and interviews taken from various television appearances and studio sessions.
 My Body Is An Ashtray is an EP by Australian indie pop band Angelas Dish. The EP was released in 2006 through Boomtown Records.
 Brer Soul is the debut studio album of Melvin Van Peebles. Released in 1969 the album introduced Van Peebles as a recording artist following his work as an independent filmmaker playwright and novelist. It is notable for its use of sprechgesang a vocal style which lies between speaking and singing.Unlike later albums which are more varied in style Brer Soul features an experimental spoken word style with soul jazz instrumentation.
 Yes and Also Yes is Mike Doughty's fourth proper studio album. The album was released under Mike Doughty's label SNACK BAR and through Megaforce. Mike Doughty left his previous label ATO Records so he could have more control over his shop and business.
 Ako priđeš bliže is the second studio album by Zdravko Čolić released in 1978.
 Collection 005 is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It is the fifth volume of the Collection series. The first five volumes were recorded for Ylem and consist of studio sessions with Kiyoshi Mizutani then a member of Merzbow. However Ylem went out of business before they could be released.
 Underground Atlanta is a 2-disc album by rapper Killer Mike released August 31 2009. The song I'mma Fool wit It featuring Big Kuntry King was released as a single.
 Delikanlım (English: My Boy or My Lad) is the first album by Turkish singer Yıldız Tilbe. It was released on June 15 1994 by publisher Tempa & Foneks. The album has ten songs. Tilbe wrote lyrics for all the songs and four songs had both music and lyrics by Yıldız Tilbe. The folk song Zülüf was composed by Neşet Ertaş. Some of the other songs on the album are Çal Oyna Sana Değer Sevemedim Ayrılığı and Sevdanın Tadı.
 Soul Circle is an album by organist Jack McDuff recorded between 1964 and 1966 and released on the Prestige label.
 Live at London's Talk of the Town is a 1968 live album released by Diana Ross & the Supremes on the Motown label recorded at the Talk of the Town nightclub. This performance marked the first time that new member Cindy Birdsong had performed overseas with original Supremes Diana Ross and Mary Wilson a year after original founding member Florence Ballard was ousted.
 The Great Plan Vol. I is an EP by Amanda Abizaid and her first release.
 Together Again is a 1977 studio album by singer Tony Bennett accompanied by jazz pianist Bill Evans. It was originally issued on Bennett's own Improv Records label which went out of business later that year but was subsequently reissued on Concord.Their first album together The Tony Bennett/Bill Evans Album was released by Fantasy Records in 1975. Both albums plus alternate takes and additional tracks were released on The Complete Tony Bennett/Bill Evans Recordings by Fantasy in 2009.
 The Scream is the debut studio album by English post-punk band Siouxsie and the Banshees released in November 1978 on Polydor Records. Even before this release the band already had a strong reputation as a live act as well as having a Top 10 UK single under their belt with Hong Kong Garden (which did not appear on the original album).The Scream was an almost instant commercial success peaking at number 12 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Moontan is an album by Dutch rock band Golden Earring released in 1973. It contains their most notable radio hit Radar Love and was voted best Dutch pop album ever by readers of one of the country's best known music magazines Oor in 2008.
 Themes 2 is a Psychic TV album dedicated to Derek Jarman.
 Face Value is the debut solo album by Genesis front man Phil Collins released in February 1981 on the Virgin label internationally and Atlantic Records in North America. It was released in the UK 11 days after his 30th birthday. The album includes the hit single In the Air Tonight whose dark mood was inspired by the fallout of Collins' first marriage with his wife Andrea.
 Turn is the fourth studio album by Canadian folk-rock band Great Big Sea released in June 1999.
 Home is the debut solo studio album by Irish recording artist Kian Egan formerly of Westlife. Consisting entirely of cover versions it was released Ireland on 14 March 2014 and on 17 March in the United Kingdom through Rhino Records. A signed limited edition was exclusively released through Amazon. Kian Egan said of the album I am incredibly excited to be recording an album with Warner Music.
 Together is the fifth studio album by English rock band Dave Dee Dozy Beaky Mick & Tich.
 Folk Songs is an album by bassist Charlie Haden saxophonist Jan Garbarek and guitarist Egberto Gismonti recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label. The album follows the trio's first recording Magico (1979).
 How Green Is the Valley is the second studio album of The Men They Couldn't Hang. It was released in 1986 after the band were signed to MCA records following the success of their previous album Night of a Thousand Candles. It is the last album to feature co-founder Shanne Bradley on bass guitar.
 Mick Jones is singer-songwriter Mick Jones's self-titled debut/studio album released in 1989. Jones is one of the original members of the group Foreigner. The album was Mick Jones' only solo release.Released on Atlantic Records this album included Billy Joel and Carly Simon as guest singers. Joel sang with Jones on the song Just Wanna Hold and Simon sang with Jones on the songs That's the Way My Love Is and Write Tonight. It is widely believed that the co-composer M.
 Mar Y Sol: The First International Puerto Rico Pop Festival is the live album of the 1972 Mar Y Sol Pop Festival. Released on Atlantic Records label as a set of 2 LPs in 1972. This album was never released on CD. Some tracks from this album were later released by their respective performers including Allman Brothers Band Cactus Nitzinger John Baldry and Mahavishnu Orchestra.
 Adoremos! is the second album released by Christian singer Marcos Witt. It was re-released by Word in 1992.
 I Remember Thelonious is a live album by soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy and pianist Mal Waldron recorded in Italy in 1992 and released on the Nel Jazz label.
 Here and Now is the seventh studio album by Canadian rock band Nickelback. The album was released on November 21 2011. It is the follow-up to their multi-platinum selling Dark Horse in 2008. On September 26 the band officially released two singles When We Stand Together and Bottoms Up. Both songs were made available for download on September 27 2011. The first track of the record This Means War was released on November 10 2011 as the third single.
 Energy is the only studio album by the American ska punk band Operation Ivy. It was originally released only on vinyl and cassette in March 1989 through Lookout! Records (LK 010). It was remastered and re-released on CD by Lookout! Records in 1991 as an eponymous release with an additional 8 tracks from the band's Hectic EP and the Maximumrocknroll double 7-inch compilation Turn It Around!.
 Knowledge and Understanding is a 1955 recording of Aldous Huxley giving a lecture at the Vedanta Society of Southern California's Hollywood temple. The lecture was originally recorded on a wire recorder and digitally transferred to CD. Huxley was a student of Swami Prabhavananda who founded the Society.
 Amber is a collaborative album by Michael Jones and David Darling released in 1987 through Narada Lotus.
 Dry Bones Dance is an album by Mark Heard released in 1990 the first to be released on his own Fingerprint Records. This album was listed at No. 29 in the book CCM Presents: The 100 Greatest Albums in Christian Music (Harvest House Publishers 2001).
 The Zu Side Of The Chadbourne is the second album by the Italian band Zu which appear in Roy Paci on trumpet and Eugene Chadbourne on guitar.The titles of the songs are obvious parodies of famous rock songs like Lucy in the sky with diamonds or Stairway to Heaven. The first song is a tribute to John Coltrane and the last to Albert Ayler.
 New Heavy is the second album by Dub Trio.
 Heaven in the Real World is the sixth studio album from Christian singer Steven Curtis Chapman released on July 12 1994 by Sparrow Records.It was certified Gold by the end of the year nominated for a 1995 Grammy award and went Platinum on February 7 1997. The title song received the 1995 Gospel Music Association award as best Pop/Contemporary Song of the Year and the album earned Pop/Contemporary Album of the Year at the 25th GMA Dove Awards.
 Everyday Slaughter is the fourth album released by Disfear.
 Me First is the first release by indie band The Elected which was released in 2004 by Sub Pop. It is a mix between indie and country that appeals to a range of different listeners.
 Splinters Out is the debut EP by Indie Rock band Golden State. It was released 2005.
 Sunshine is the third studio album by Canadian country music artist Deric Ruttan. The album was released on January 12 2010 on Black T Records. Its first single was Sing That Song Again.
 Get Used to It is a funk album by the Brand New Heavies released 27 June 2006 via Starbucks and more traditional music retail outlets.
 T-Ride was the debut album of the California-based heavy metal band of the same name. Noted for its wildly complex instrument and vocal arrangements. It featured lead singer Dan Arlie's multi-octave vocal styles and Van Halen influenced guitar playing by Jeff Tyson.
 Fun Boy Three is the debut album by Fun Boy Three a band consisting of three ex-members of the UK ska band The Specials: Terry Hall Neville Staple and Lynval Golding. It was released in 1982 and was re-released in 1999 as Fame. Several songs on the album feature backing vocals by the female pop trio Bananarama.
 Ilembe: Honoring Shaka Zulu is a 2008 release by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo. It was released on 22 January 2008. The album does not feature collaborations with other artists; it is simply Ladysmith Black Mambazo at its best as the Gallo press release for the anticipated release put it. This version is the US issue of the South African release which was originally released in February 2007.
 Mark's Keyboard Repair is an album by Money Mark released on the Mo' Wax label in 1995. The album is a series of low key keyboard-driven lounge and funk songs. Mark only sings on a few of the records.
 This article is about the album. For the song of the same name see Quasimodo's Dream (song).Quasimodo's Dream is the second album by Australian group The Reels released in May 1981 by Polygram Records. It is considered to be the band's best work and contains the iconic title track which was voted as number 10 on APRA's list of Top 30 Australian songs. Other singles from the album include After the News and Shout and Deliver.
 The Call of the Wood is the debut album by Opera IX. Released in 1995 by Miscarriage Records and remastered by AvantGarde Music with 2 bonus tracks (Born In The Grave Rhymes About Dying Stones) in 2001.
 Youth Attack! is an album by powerviolence/thrashcore band Charles Bronson. The album was originally released on 12 vinyl on Lengua Armada Discos in 1997. Its fourth pressing was later released in August 1999 as a Dutch version on 10 vinyl as opposed to 12.
 Especialmente Para Usted is the second studio album by Mexican group Los Caminantes released in 1983.
 Crazy Noise is the seventh live praise and worship album of Christian Contemporary music for children by the Hillsong Church.
 Use Your Brain is Clawfinger's second album released in 1995 by MVG Records and Warner Music Group. It contains twelve tracks. Three bonus tracks were added to the 2004 re-release. Three singles and their accompanying videos were released from the album.From Clawfinger's Facebook page: After a lot of touring with Just D Alice In Chains Anthrax and others Clawfinger went back home and wrote Use Your Brain in less than two months.
 Deceptive Fifty was a various artists compilation album issued by Deceptive Records to celebrate fifty releases on the label. It was released in 1998.
 Joy Williams is the self-titled debut album by Christian singer Joy Williams released on August 7 2001. In an interview after the album's release Williams said: Working on my first album I wanted the music to be indicative of my relationship with Christ and how I was growing. The album featured the hit singles Serious and I Believe In You.
 Stephilosophy is an album by Stephy Tang and was released on December 20 2007 in conjunction with her first concert. Different from her previous 3 albums only 1 version was released.
 By Invitation Only is a tribute album by the Michael Schenker Group released in 2011. This album made up of songs that influenced the career of Michael Schenker includes guest performances from members of various bands including Whitesnake Blue Öyster Cult Yngwie Malmsteen and Iron Maiden. It's a re-release of the Heavy Hitters album from 2005 with one extra song (Run To The Hills).
 Imaginary Enemy is the sixth studio album by The Used. It was released on April 1 2014 under their own record label GAS Union through Hopeless Records. The album was produced by John Feldmann who also produced the band's first three and fifth studio albums. It is the first album released on and the second label the band created and own GAS Union.
 Priče matorih pokvarenjaka is the fifth album by the Serbian punk rock band Atheist Rap released by the band themselves as a free download album available at the Serbian official site of Converse as well as at the band's official site. During the first twenty four hours the album was downloaded in 7500 copies. The limited edition of the album was released on CD with four bonus tracks under the SKCNS record label.
 Goon is an IDM/techno album by Johnny Hawk under the recording name of Global Goon. It is his debut album and first release on Rephlex Records. It was released in 1996.
 Radical is the Finnish rock band Smack's fourth and last studio album. It was released in 1988.
 Stories I Could Tell is the only album by American country music singer Shane Stockton. It was released in June 1998 by Decca Records. The album includes the singles What If I'm Right and Gonna Have to Fall.
 Taiga is the fifth studio album by the Japanese rock band OOIOO. The tracks UMA and UMO were remixed on OOEYヨOO -EYヨ REMIX.
 Woodface is the third studio album by the band Crowded House. The album was produced by Mitchell Froom and released by Capitol in July 1991. It features five singles Chocolate Cake Fall at Your Feet Weather with You Four Seasons in One Day and It's Only Natural. Woodface was a major hit in Australia and New Zealand as well as giving the band their first top ten hit album in the UK. It was listed at No. 3 in the book 100 Best Australian Albums in October 2010.
 To the Teeth is singer-songwriter Ani DiFranco's tenth studio album (excluding EPs and her collaborations with Utah Phillips) released in November 1999.To the Teeth has a more political and self-questioning edge than many of her earlier works. It is also considerably more experimental with Freakshow Swing Carry You Around and The Arrivals Gate branching out into genres such as blues jazz and funk.
 Nana Clips 3 is the 3rd music video compilation from J-pop star and voice actress Nana Mizuki.
 God of Wonders is a live album by Paul Baloche released in 2002.
 The Velvet Underground Playlist Plus is a compilation album featuring tracks by The Velvet Underground plus six solo tracks by singer Nico. It was released on April 29 2008.
 I See Seaweed is the seventh studio album by Australian band The Drones released in March 2013. The album was recorded by the band independently through it would be co-distributed through Waterfront Records.
 Live in Marciac is a live album by American pianist and composer Brad Mehldau released on the Nonesuch label in 2011. The album consists of 2 CDs and a DVD featuring Mehldau's performance at Jazz in Marciac in France in 2006.
 Chayanne is the fourth studio album released by Puerto Rican singer Chayanne in late 1988. This album is the second released under the Sony record label after the successful also self-titled previous album. This release includes a blend of ballads and dance songs that would be the singer trademark through his career.
 Everybody Likes Some Kind of Music is the eighth studio album by Billy Preston. Released in the fall of 1973 on A&M Records.
 Walker is a soundtrack by Joe Strummer released in 1987. It is the soundtrack to the Alex Cox film of the same name.
 Giddy is a compilation album by Irish band Pugwash featuring tracks from their four previous studio albums. It was released by Ape Records on September 29 2009.
 Submarine Tracks & Fool's Gold is a compilation album of various artists made up of acts on Chiswick Records.The critic and author Dave Thompson describes Submarine Tracks & Fool's Gold as a driving collection rating it eight out of ten. The album also receives a good review on the Allmusic website.The album was followed up with the Long Shots Dead Certs And Odds On Favourites (Chiswick Chartbusters Volume Two) compilation album in 1978.
 Night Shift was the sixth album by Foghat released in 1976.Drivin' Wheel was featured in the video games NASCAR 2005: Chase for the Cup and Grand Theft Auto IV: The Lost and Damned.
 The Best of Crystal Waters is the first official compilation of Crystal Waters's music output. It was released on August 11 1998 on Universal/Polygram. It includes most of the singles taken from her three full-length studio releases; Surprise (1991) Storyteller (1994) and Crystal Waters (1997).
 Never Say Die is a live video by heavy metal band Black Sabbath. It was recorded on the 10th Anniversary tour in June 1978 at London's Hammersmith Odeon. In the UK it was one of the earliest music home videos being released on both the Betamax and VHS formats the latter being repackaged and reissued several times on VHS. It was also a Japanese laserdisc release and is now on DVD.
 Eve-Olution is the third studio album by American rapper-songwriter Eve. It was released by Ruff Ryders Entertainment on August 27 2002 distributed through Interscope Records. Production was handled by frequent collaborators Dr. Dre Swizz Beatz and also Irv Gotti among others. The album garnered the internationally successful single Gangsta Lovin' which reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100 and R&B/Hip-Hop song charts as well as number four in Australia.
 Uncertain Pleasures is an album by Irish jazz singer Mary Coughlan first released in March 1990 under East West Records a subsidiary of Warner Music Group (at the time known as WEA).
 The Wonder Years: Music From the Emmy Award-Winning Show & Its Era is a soundtrack album to the TV series The Wonder Years. This album released in 1989 contains seven modern cover songs rather than simply original music from the series which earned it many unfavorable reviews.
 Automatic is the third album by Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain. The Mary Chain on this record is basically the core duo of brothers William and Jim Reid with a drum machine providing percussion and even a synthesizer filling in on bass guitar. The only other credited musician was Richard Thomas who joined the touring version of the Mary Chain as a drummer. Thomas drummed on Gimme Hell and was a former member of Dif Juz.
 Fruitbats & Crows is the follow-up to Farryl Purkiss's 2006 self titled album.
 Higher is a 2002 English language album by Canadian singer Roch Voisine.
 Robyn Is Here is the debut album by Swedish pop singer Robyn. It was released by Ariola Records in 1995 in Sweden in 1996 in Japan by Sony Music Japan and in the United States on 24 June 1997 by BMG with an alternate track listing. In 1998 the album was certified platinum in the U.S and has sold more than 922000 copies according to Nielsen SoundScan. Worldwide the album has sold over 1.5 million copies.
 16 Most Requested Songs is a 1995 compilation album of songs recorded by American female singer Jo Stafford.
 Uptown Festival is the first album credited to American R&B group Shalamar released in 1977 on the Soul Train label. (The album was in fact recorded by session singers). Uptown Festival peaked at #22 on the US R&B chart and #48 on the Billboard Albums chart.The title track a medley of ten Motown classics sung over a 1970s disco beat was a hit in both the USA and the UK.
 ...And the Beat Goes On is the debut album by German dance band Scooter. Four singles were released from it: Hyper Hyper Move Your Ass! Friends and Endless Summer.
 Sneak Preview! is the debut album by jazz organist Leon Spencer Jr. recorded for the Prestige label in 1970.
 Angels & Devils is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Sarah Darling. It was released on February 15 2011 by Black River Entertainment as the follow-up to Darling's 2009 debut album Every Monday Morning.The album is split into two discs. The songs on the first follow the production style of modern country music whilst the songs on the second are more traditional and acoustical including a new 'stripped-back' recording of Stop the Bleeding from Darling's first album.
 Stankonia is the fourth studio album by American hip hop duo OutKast released October 31 2000 on La Face Records. The group's previous release Aquemini (1998) played a significant role in introducing Southern hip-hop to other areas of the United States. In the spring of 1999 OutKast began working on Stankonia in the duo's recently purchased Atlanta recording facility Stankonia Studios.
 Metropol is the debut album of UK big beat group Lunatic Calm.The song Leave You Far Behind is used in The Matrix Mortal Kombat Annihilation Test Drive 6 Motorstorm Drive and an early teaser trailer for Spider-Man.
 Passing Through is the second album by American singer/songwriter Owen Temple. It was released in 1999 on El Paisano Records.
 Sin Limites is a four track EP recorded by Dutch Eurodance band 2 Unlimited.
 Some of My Best Friends Are the Blues is an album by blues vocalist Jimmy Witherspoon which was recorded in Sweden in 1964 and released on the Prestige label.
 The Mountain is the third album by American blues-rock band Heartless Bastards. It is their third release on Fat Possum Records and their first album without original drummer Kevin Vaughn and bassist Mike Lamping. The album was produced by Spoon producer Mike McCarthy and was released on February 3 2009.
 Chance for a Live Time is a live album by Dutch progressive rock band Kayak released in 2001. It was the first real live album of the band. In 1981 they had released a live album called Eyewitness. But that album was recorded in a recording studio without audience.This album was the first with Bert Heerink as lead singer and Rob Vunderink as singer/guitarist. Heerink joined Kayak as extra singer for a tour in 2000.
 Diva: The Singles Collection is a 2006 compilation album by Sarah Brightman.
 This article describes the 5th album in the Canadian Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 5 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow! 5 is a music compilation album that was released on August 29 2000. The album is the 5th edition of the Canadian Now! series.
 The Matrix Revolutions: Limited Edition (2-CD Set) is a score album to the 2003 film The Matrix Revolutions. It was officially released on February 25 2014. This release includes almost the entire film's score on two discs.
 The Party is a motion picture soundtrack album released by the jazz fusion group Casiopea in 1990. This album marked the joining of Yoshihiro Naruse (bass) and Masaaki Hiyama (drums) to the band. This is also Casiopea's 20th overall album.
 Big☆Bang!!! is the first album from Shoko Nakagawa released on March 19 2008. It was distributed by Sony Music. While it is presented as her debut album it follows after two mini-albums thus being her third release overall. At the same time of the album release a CD+DVD of the album including videoclips was also released.
 Cars is the original soundtrack album of the animated Pixar feature film of the same name. Nine songs from the soundtrack are from popular and contemporary artists. The styles of these songs vary between pop blues country and rock. The remaining eleven pieces are orchestral scores composed and conducted by Randy Newman.
 Madar is an album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek featuring Tunisian oud player Anouar Brahem and Pakistani tabla master Ustad Shaukat Hussain recorded in 1992 and released on the ECM label in 1994.
 The Music Behind the Magic: The Musical Artistry of Alan Menken Howard Ashman & Tim Rice is a four-disc box set highlighting the creative evolution behind the music of Disney's The Little Mermaid Beauty and the Beast and Aladdin. Released on November 22 1994 on Walt Disney Records the set includes work tape recordings demos previously released final recordings and unreleased master recordings of songs and score cues.
 Save It for a Rainy Day is a 2003 album by Maggie Reilly.
 Tambourine is the second album by alternative country artist Tift Merritt. It was released in 2004 by Lost Highway Records and earned her a Grammy nomination for Best Country Album.[1]
 Live in Chicago is a live DVD by Jeff Buckley recorded on May 13 1995 at Cabaret Metro during the Mystery White Boy tour. Soul Coughing co-headlined the show and only audio of their set was recorded. Originally broadcast on Chicago music video program JBTV it was released on DVD and VHS on May 9 2000. In 2007 it was re-released with a different cover to accompany the release of So Real: Songs from Jeff Buckley.
 Permanent Record: The Very Best Of is a greatest hits album by the band Violent Femmes. It was released on July 12 2005 (see 2005 in music).
 Poet II is a 1984 album by Bobby Womack. The album featured the hit duets with fellow soul legend Patti LaBelle on the top three R&B charted ballad Love Has Finally Come at Last and the more modest follow-up It Takes a Lot of Strength to Say Goodbye and the top 75 UK dance hit Tell Me Why. The UK music magazine NME named it the best album of 1984.
 Loco is an album by the band Fun Lovin' Criminals. It was released on March 6 2001.
 The Other Side of the Coin is an acoustic album originally released in 1999 by Ann Beretta on Whitehouse Records. It features acoustic versions of previously released songs along with some new songs and an ALL cover. It was re-released in 2003 on Thrown Brick Records.
 School Gyrls is the debut album by American girl group FOREVER then known as School Gyrls released in the U.S on March 23 2010. It charted at #118 on the Billboard 200 without promotion and topped the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart without much promotion. It was preceded by the singles Something Like a Party I'm Not Just a Girl and Get Like Me.
 Rumor Has It is the seventeenth album by Reba McEntire released in 1990. The album continued her streak of late-80s success. The album features one of her signature songs Fancy. CMT ranked Fancy at No. 26 on its list of the 100 Greatest Country Songs. Additionally they ranked the video at No. 35 on their list of 100 Greatest Country Videos. Despite this acclaim initially the song wasn't one of McEntire's larger radio hits. It peaked outside of the Top 5 at No. 8.
 Ben Broussard is the first studio album by the American rock artist Ben Broussard.Hold on to Me was featured in a 2005 episode of A&E's series Dog The Bounty Hunter.His songs 105 and Hold on to Me were featured in episodes of The N network's South of Nowhere. Deep another of his songs was used in a commercial advertising the show.
 The Buffalo Skinners is the sixth studio album by the Scottish band Big Country released in 1993. (see 1993 in music). Two songs We're Not In Kansas and Ships are remakes of songs from their previous album. The difference is more noticeable on Ships which features guitars strongly (in contrast to the guitar-free 1991 version). The album featured two UK top 30 hits Alone (No.24) and Ships (No.29).
 Taj's Blues is a compilation album by American blues artist Taj Mahal.
 La Raza is the sixth studio album by American heavy metal band Armored Saint which was released on March 16 2010 on Metal Blade Records. Armored Saint reformed in the entire Symbol of Salvation lineup to record La Raza in 2009 after an eight-year hiatus. Per the liner notes the album's title was derived from mankind's race for space (expanding control over land) and resources (energy and food) with reference to the dwindling amount of both that remains.
 Hold Out is the sixth album by American singer/songwriter Jackson Browne released in 1980 (see 1980 in music). Although critically the album has not been as well received as other Browne recordings it remains his only album to date to reach #1 on the Billboard chart.
 We're The Good Guys is the début and only studio album from British band Saving Aimee. It was released on October 26 2009.
 This Is Tripper is the second studio album by American rapper Tripper Getem. It was released on December 14 2010 through Unlimited Records & TBDM Entertainment.Upon release This Is Tripper received mixed reviews yet was better rated than Alone In The Dark: Last Boy On Earth.
 A Joyful Noise is an album of Christmas music released by American country music artist Jo Dee Messina. Her first Christmas album it was released in 2002 on Curb Records. Its title track peaked at #16 on the Billboard Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks charts in 2002.
 Toujours de nous (Always of us) is the twelfth studio album by francophone recording artist Mario Pelchat. It was released on October 19th 2010 by Musicor.
 Trailblazer is the first live album by Los Angeles pop punk band ALL. It was released in 1989 on Cruz Records.
 Don't Let Love Slip Away is the third studio album by American R&B/soul singer Freddie Jackson. Released in 1988 the album reached number one on the U.S. R&B albums chart and peaked at number 48 on the Billboard 200. It was certified gold by the RIAA. The singles Nice 'N' Slow and Hey Lover reached number one on the R&B singles chart.
 Countdown: The Savoy Sessions is a compilation album by jazz musicians John Coltrane and Wilbur Harden. It was issued on Savoy Records in 1978 as SJL 2203 and comprises all the pieces recorded on the March 13 1958 session. Actually the only unissued original track is Count Down the remainder being mere alternate takes of the pieces featured on Mainstream 1958: The East Coast Jazz Scene.
 Anna Vissi is the self-titled album by Greek singer Anna Vissi released in countries outside Greece in 1999 by Sony Music Entertainment in order to promote the artist on an international level. This compilation included songs from her multi-platinum-selling albums in Greece such as Antidoto Klima Tropiko and Re!.
 Allegorical Misunderstanding is a 1993 album by the band Fushitsusha. The album was produced by John Zorn and was the first studio album from the band.
 River Suite for Two Guitars is a collaboration album of guitarists Tony Rice and John Carlini who both previously performed with the David Grisman Quintet. It's a more intimate album with arrangements for just two guitars without any accompaniment
 Ian Moore is the eponymous debut album by Ian Moore and was released in 1993 (see 1993 in music).
 Banquet is the fourth album by German progressive rock band Lucifer's Friend released in 1974. By this time there was no hard rock sound it was now strictly progressive rock mixed with jazz fusion. The song Our World Is a Rock 'n' Roll Band was the opening track on some versions (i.e. the U.S.
 As Long as There's Music is an album of duets by bassist Charlie Haden and pianist Hampton Hawes recorded in 1976 and released on the Artists House label in 1978. The 1993 CD reissue added a bonus track originally released on The Golden Number and three alternate takes to the original album.
 The Collection is the name of Sonata Arctica's second compilation album. It was released in November 15 2006 by Spinefarm.
 Shine was the eighth studio album released exclusively in Japan in 2004 by singer Cyndi Lauper. The album was ready for release in 2001 but Edel Records the label it was recorded with folded. The leaked tracks from a demonstration disc quickly circulated on the Internet and by 2002 Lauper realized there was no point in trying to release it in a widespread fashion. Two EPs were released instead: One was also called Shine and the other was called Shine Remixes.
 New Again is the fourth studio album by American rock band Taking Back Sunday released through Warner Bros. Records on June 1 2009. It is the first and only album to include guitarist Matthew Fazzi after the departure of Fred Mascherino in late 2007. The album was produced by David Kahne with a selection of tracks also produced by Matt Squire.
 Hell Is Invisible... Heaven Is Her/e is the 2007 album by counter cultural provocateur Genesis P-Orridge and the reactivated Psychic TV aka “PTV3”. This current line up has been active for the past two years and much of the material on this new album developed from ideas that emerged during PTV3's extensive touring in North America and Europe. The album was produced by Edward O'Dowd Baba Larraji and Genesis P-Orridge.
 American Central Dust in an album by the band Son Volt. It was released July 7 2009 [1].
 Uni5: The World's Enemy is the eighth studio album by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony released on May 4 2010 on BTNH Worldwide with distribution via Warner Bros. Records. The mixtape The Fixtape Vol. 3: Special Delivery features cuts from this album.
 This Side of the Moon is the second major-label album of country music singer Elizabeth Cook. It was released May 17 2005.
 Lotusflower (stylized as LOtUSFLOW3R) is the thirtieth and thirty-first studio album by American recording artist Prince. It was released on March 24 2009 by NPG Records. A triple album set it contains two Prince albums his 22nd studio album LOtUSFLOW3R and his 23rd studio album MPLSºUND as well as Elixer the debut studio album by Prince protegée Bria Valente.
 Blacklisted is the third album by American vocalist Neko Case released in 2002.The album marked a departure from the alternative country sounds of Case's first two solo albums. Guest musicians on the album include Howe Gelb Kelly Hogan Mary Margaret O'Hara Joey Burns John Convertino and Dallas Good.
 Mask is the third solo album by Deep Purple bassist Roger Glover released on June 18 1984 in Europe by 21 Records/Polydor. The album was promoted with a couple of music videos. It was reissued on CD twice in the UK: in 1993 (Connoisseur Collection b/w Elements) and in 2005 (Cherry Red/Lemon). None of these releases featured bonus material.
 The Summer EP is an EP by Never Shout Never. Originally this release was supposed to be the band's debut self-titled full-length album. This is the first release from Never Shout Never where his name no longer appears as one word with an exclamation point at the end. The EP peaked at number 57 on the Billboard 200 albums chart on a charting date of July 11 2009.
 X Japan Returns 1993.12.30 is an X Japan live DVD released on February 29 2008. It contains the band's performance at the Tokyo Dome on December 30 1993. A DVD containing the concert from the following night (X Japan Returns 1993.12.31) was released on the same day along with a limited edition containing both concerts and additional material (see X Japan Returns Complete Edition).
 Plug 1 & Plug 2 Present... First Serve is the eighth album from hip-hop group De La Soul members Kelvin Mercer (AKA Plug 1) and David Jolicoeur (AKA Plug 2) in collaboration with French DJ duo Chokolate and Khalid released on April 2 2012.In the album the duo adopt the persona of First Serve a hip-hop band making it in the music industry in the late '90s. Mercer takes the persona of Jacob 'Pop Life' Barrow and Jolicoeur takes the persona of Deen Witter.
 Easy Action is the first album of the Swedish glam rock band Easy Action.The band got signed to a Swedish indie label Tandan Records and released their first album in the Scandinavian countries in 1983. The label owner Sanji Tandan later became the band's manager and got them signed to the Warner Bros label Sire and in 1984 a second version of the album with two new songs was released worldwide.Easy Action was the first Swedish band ever to sign a US major label deal.
 Daylight is the debut album from American rock band Needtobreathe. It was released in 2006 on Atlantic Records Sparrow Records and Lava Records.
 American Inquisition is the thirteenth studio album by the band Christian Death. The album was released on Season of Mist on October 15 2007 worldwide and on October 23 2007 in USA and Canada in an exclusive digipak complete with embossing and spot lacquering. The catalogue number is SOM166.It was previously thought that the next Christian Death album would be called Ten Excuses for Suicide as announced on the official site back in 2003 but this has proved not to be the case.
 Wildewoman is the 2013 debut album by Brooklyn indie pop band Lucius. It was released on Mom + Pop Music to mostly positive reviews drawing numerous comparisons to the girl groups of the 1960s. Reviewers also praised the album's eclectic mix of musical styles as well as the vocal performances of lead singers Jess Wolfe and Holly Laessig. The album peaked at number 150 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Fragile is the fourth studio album from the English progressive rock band Yes released in November 1971 on Atlantic Records. It is their first album recorded with keyboardist Rick Wakeman after the departure of Tony Kaye earlier in the year. Formed of nine tracks four of which are group performances while five are solo features written by each member.
 Merry Christmas is an album of phonograph records by Bing Crosby released in 1945 on Decca Records catalogue A-403. It has remained in print through the vinyl and compact disc eras currently as the disc White Christmas on MCA Records a part of the Universal Music Group reissued in June 1995. It includes Crosby's signature song White Christmas the best-selling single ever with sales of over 50 million copies worldwide.
 Tomorrow Never Knows is the second solo album from Peter Baldrachi. The record features many of the same musicians as Solid Ground including both Gary Rand and Alice Austin. Other notable guests appearing on the record include Ian McLagan (Faces The Rolling Stones Billy Bragg) and singer/songwriter Amy Rigby. The first single In The Dead Of Night was released on September 6 2011.
 Serdtse ty moё (Russian: Сердце ты моё) is a studio album recorded by Sofia Rotaru in Germany in 2007. It was released for sale exclisively in Germany. Therefore songs 1 through 5 (You Are My Heart What's the Heart's Weather Do Not Love One in the World Blizzard) and 18 (Blizzard) remain officially not released in Eastern Europe. This was a long waited album with new recent hits namely yet unreleased although aired in top radio charts songs in Eastern Europe.
 The Singer is an album by Diamanda Galás released in 1992 largely featuring her versions of classic blues and gospel songs. The cover art is notable for a glamor shot of the artist which on closer inspection reveals the words We Are All HIV+ tattooed on her knuckles. The album is dedicated to People With AIDS as is much of her work.
 A Couple of Song and Dance Men is a 1975 album by Fred Astaire and Bing Crosby.
 White Bread Black Beer is the fifth studio album by British post-punk/pop band Scritti Politti released in the UK on 28 May 2006 by Rough Trade Records and in the US on 25 July 2006 by Nonesuch Records. It is effectively a solo album by the group's only permanent member Green Gartside as it was written and recorded at his home in Dalston in east London and he sang and played all the instruments on the album.
 Me Moan is the second studio album by Daughn Gibson an American singer-songwriter and the former drummer of Pearls and Brass. It was released in July 2013 under Sub Pop Records.
 Iommi is a heavy metal album by Black Sabbath guitarist Tony Iommi and myriad guest musicians and vocalists including:Henry Rollins of Black Flag and Rollins BandSkin of Skunk AnansieBrian May of QueenDave Grohl of Nirvana and the Foo FightersPhil Anselmo of Pantera and DownSerj Tankian of System of a DownMatt Cameron of Soundgarden and Pearl JamBilly Corgan of the Smashing PumpkinsIan Astbury of The CultPeter Steele of Type O NegativeBlack Sabbath bandmates Ozzy Osbourne and Bill WardBilly IdolThe album took nearly 5 years to make. 
 Platinum and Gold Collection is Rick Astley's seventh compilation album released in 2004.
 Tapes Breaks and Out-Takes is CD by The Cat Empire. Described as a live album the disc contains tracks from The Sun album and live versions of popular tracks from the self-titled debut album The Cat Empire.
 The Pool Of Life Revisited is the second album released by Mike Badger and The Onset and their first on CD. It was released by the Probe Plus Label in 1994.
 Passion For Life is a combination DVD / live album by Estradasphere. It was released on March 9 2004.
 Roots and Branches is the sixth album by bluegrass group The Dillards and their only for Anthem Records. The group is listed for this album only as Dillards with no The unless you look at the LP itself where you will find The Dillards. It was their most successful album their only LP to reach the album charts (at number 79). Musically Roots and Branches pushes further into rock territory continuing the work of its two predecessors 1968's Wheatstraw Suite and 1970's Copperfields.
 Anita O'Day and Billy May Swing Rodgers and Hart is a 1960 studio album by Anita O'Day arranged by Billy May. O'Day and May had previously recorded an album dedicated to a single composer Cole Porter in 1959.
 Illumination is the fourth studio album by the Scottish band The Pastels released in 1997.
 Surging Ahead is the second album by American composer/arranger/keyboardist Clare Fischer released in 1963 by Pacific Jazz Records.
 Postphonic Star Exploration is one of many EPs Man or Astro-man? released in 1995. It is a 5 record (smaller than the standard 7) and was released on black vinyl and clear green vinyl through Sympathy for the Record Industry.
 Short Walk On A Long Pier is the first spoken word album released by Henry Rollins. The content is culled from spoken word performances in Los Angeles San Diego Baton Rouge Denver New York City and Amsterdam. The one piece of music Alienation is performed with Rowland S. Howard of The Birthday Party and Chris Haskett.Originally the album was a limited cassette only release of 1000 but it was re-released at least twice.
 Fresco is an early 1983 EP released by Australian rock synthpop band Icehouse. It contains the same versions of Hey Little Girl Street Cafe and Glam from their 1982 album Primitive Man together with different versions of Break These Chains and Over the Line (B-side of Street Cafe single). It was produced by Icehouse founder Iva Davies together with Keith Forsey for Chrysalis Records.
 25 Year Celebration of Mannheim Steamroller is a two-disc anthology album released by new age musical group Mannheim Steamroller in 1999 in honor of the group's 25th anniversary.
 Amy Grant is the eponymous debut album by then-teenage Christian singer Amy Grant released in 1977 on Myrrh Records. Three songs from the album made Top Ten Christian radio airplay: Old Man's Rubble Beautiful Music and What A Difference You've Made. (The latter track was made more famous by country singer Ronnie Milsap as What A Difference You've Made In My Life.)
 Superman Returns is a soundtrack album for the 2006 film of the same name. It features music by John Ottman as well as the Superman March by John Williams from the Superman: The Movie inside the track Main Titles.Director Bryan Singer contacted Williams and asked if he would be interested in scoring the film but Williams declined the offer because he was already scoring three other films including Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith and Steven Spielberg's War of the Worlds remake.
 Entity is the fifth studio album by technical death metal band Origin. It was released through Nuclear Blast on June 7 2011.It was released on CD & Vinyl.
 Baby Darling Doll Face Honey is the debut album for English alternative rock band Band of Skulls. It was released on 7 April 2009 in England and 28 July 2009 in America.
 Stondom do Tokija (Stoned to Tokyo) is a demo album by the Serbian alternative rock band Goribor released by the Croatian independent record label Slušaj Najglasnije! in 2006.
 Goin' Bananas is the fourth album by R&B group Side Effect. Released in 1977 this was their third album for Fantasy Records.
 The Obsessed is the first album by The Obsessed released in 1990 by Hellhound Records. All the songs were recorded in 1985 for an intended album for Metal Blade Records which had never been released. The release of this album prompted singer Scott Wino Weinrich to leave Saint Vitus and reform The Obsessed with a new rhythm section. This album was re-released by Tolotta Records in 2000 with 10 live bonus tracks recorded at Glenmont Rec. Center in Wheaton Maryland on February 28 1984.
 Live Bootleg is the first live album by American Christian rock band Resurrection Band released in 1984. It was the band's first release for Sparrow Records and also their first under the shortened moniker Rez Band.Live Bootleg was the group's biggest selling album.
 New Country Hits is an album by American country music artist George Jones. It was released in 1965 on the Musicor Records label.
 Leapin' and Lopin is an album by jazz pianist Sonny Clark released on Blue Note Records. It was recorded in 1961 and issued in 1962 as BST 84091. It would be Clark's last album as a leader.
 Alex Harvey and His Soul Band was the debut album by Alex Harvey accompanied by his Soul Band. It was originally released in 1964 on vinyl and was re-released on vinyl in Germany in 1985 or 1986. The 1999 release is a compilation of 20 unreleased songs of the Soul Band including 2 songs recorded before the debut album. As far as I know only available on CD.
 Crepuscule with The Dead Science is the third EP from The Dead Science released in 2006 on Slender Means Society. Two tracks Child/Actress and a cover of John Dowland's All Ye Whom Love of Fortune were recorded during the Frost Giant sessions. Thanks in the liner notes is given to Mr. Zazzary 'Veins' Pendleton apparently code for Zac Pennington Slender Means Society's founder.
 El Mono en el Ojo del Tigre is the debut album by Macaco. It was released in 1999 through Edel Music.
 The Ultimate Jerky Boys is a double disc compilation album by the Jerky Boys. It was released on October 26 2004.
 Three Days Grace is the self-titled debut full-length album by Canadian rock band Three Days Grace. It was released on July 22 2003 through Jive Records. It was their only album under Bertelsmann Music Group and also as a trio.
 Afterglow Live is a 2004 live CD and DVD package by Sarah McLachlan.
 So Danço Samba is the fourth album by composer/arranger/keyboardist Clare Fischer and his first in the bossa nova vein recorded and released in 1964 on the World Pacific label. Devoted primarily to the music of Antonio Carlos Jobim it also features three of Fischer's own compositions.
 Til the Casket Drops is the third studio album by American hip hop duo Clipse released on December 8 2009 by Re-Up Records in the United States.
 I Am What I Am is an album by American country music artist Merle Haggard. It was released on April 20 2010 by Vanguard Records. The album peaked at number 18 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.The final song “It's Gonna Be Me” was only released on Amazon.com despite having received positive review as a song which stands out with a heavy bass line and social-critical lyrics.
 The Last Temptation is the 20th studio album by rock singer Alice Cooper released in July 1994 via Epic Records. It centers around a boy named Steven (also the name of the protagonist in Cooper's earlier work Welcome to My Nightmare) and a mysterious showman.
 Byrd's Word! is an album by American jazz guitarist Charlie Byrd featuring tracks recorded in 1958 and released on the Riverside label in 1962. The album was first released on the Washington Records Offbeat imprint as Jazz at the Showboat
 Storm Warning! is the fourth Dick Morrissey Quartet album. It was recorded live at The Bull's Head London in November 1965.
 Girl's Talk (ガールズトーク Gāruzu Tōku) is the first Japanese full-length album by K-pop girl group Kara. It was released on November 24 2010 in four editions: CD+DVD CD+Photobook (28-pages) CD-Only FIrst Press coming with Korean versions of the songs Sweet Days Love Is and Binks and a CD-Only Normal Press coming with no bonus tracks. The album has topped the Oricon Weekly Album Charts several times and was eventually certified as Platinum by the RIAJ.
 Eternal Endless Infinity is the first album by symphonic power metal band Visions of Atlantis and was released in 2002. A new edition was released November 29 2004 and contains 3 bonus tracks from their demo Morning in Atlantis.
 Earl Thomas With Paddy Milner & the Big Sounds is the fourth studio album by Paddy Milner and was released on 18 November 2008. Milner collaborated with the blues musician Earl Thomas.
 Caught in a Mosh: BBC Live in Concert is a live album released by American heavy metal band Anthrax on January 22 2007 internationally and on November 10 2009 in the U.S. It contains Anthrax's February 15 1987 show at the Hammersmith Odeon in London (disc 1) as well as their performance at the Monsters of Rock festival at Castle Donington on August 22 1987 (disc 2).
 Ludača (English translation: Crazy Woman) is the sixth studio album by Serbian singer Jelena Karleuša. It was released in 2001.
 Look at Us is the second studio album by American pop duo Sonny & Cher released in 1965 by Atco Records.
 Blue Monday Remixes is a 2002 vinyl EP released by Norwegian electronic band Flunk on Guidance Recordings. The title track is a cover of New Order's track Blue Monday. In 2003 a CD version was released with the additional track Miss World.
 Unite is the debut album of the Danish indie pop band A Friend in London. It was released on January 21 2013 on ArtPeople record label and includes New Tomorrow their Danish Eurovision Song Contest 2011 entry that finished fifth in that year's competition. The album also includes a collaboration with Carly Rae Jepsen who is featured in the track Rest from the Streets.
 Big Fish is the soundtrack on the Sony Classical label of the 2003 film Big Fish. The original score and songs were composed by Danny Elfman.The album was nominated for the Academy Award and the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score.
 Above and Beyoncé: Video Collection & Dance Mixes is a remix and video album by American R&B singer Beyoncé. Consisting of two discs the album features music videos on one disc and dance remixes on the other. It was initially released on June 16 2009 through Wal-Mart stores and J&R exclusively although it was later made available through other retailers.
 With Arrows With Poise is the second studio album from indie rock band The Myriad. It was released on May 13 2008 through Koch Records. The album was mastered at Abbey Road Studios in London.
 Whatever Turns You On is the second and last studio album by blues-rock power trio/supergroup West Bruce and Laing.The album features a black-and-white comic strip on its front and back covers depicting the alleged turn-ons of the band's members - Leslie West's is food Jack Bruce's alcohol and Corky Laing's sex - as pursued by various poltergeists representing each of the three.
 Recordings 2003 - 2005 is an EP by Australian singer-songwriter Josh Pyke. It was released in 2005 on Ivy League records distributed by MGM distribution. The song The Doldrums was originally released under the moniker 'Night Hour'.
 Mirador is a compilation album by the British melodic rock band Magnum. It was released in 1987 by FM Records.Released before FM Records released Magnum's back catalogue this compilation contains material from the albums Kingdom of Madness Magnum II Chase the Dragon The Eleventh Hour and On a Storyteller's Night.
 Memorial is a 1956 jazz album by late trumpeter Clifford Brown. It was originally released on the Prestige label as PRLP 7055. It principally includes fast bop pieces also arranged for a brass section. Ira Gitler who was supervising session for Prestige label at the time confessed he was greatly impressed by Brown: When Brownie stood up and took his first solo on Philly J J I nearly fell off my seat in the control room.
 Carol is a 1997 album released by Carol Banawa. In 2000 a re-packaged version was released under Star Records a recording company owned by ABS-CBN with three additional tracks.Carol contains mainly easy listening music. The album reflects so much of her character--a typical teenager slowly learning the many ways of the world.[citation needed]
 Tanzwut is the debut full-length eponymous studio album by the German industrial rock/medieval metal band Tanzwut. It was released on 1 March 1999 by EMI Music.
 Moods is an album by jazz group The Three Sounds released in 1960 on the Blue Note label. It was recorded the same day Feelin' Good was recorded.
 Wasted Heart is the first EP and third release overall by American hard rock band Loaded.
 I Guess I Was Hoping for Something More is an album by Montana band Tarkio released under the Barcelona Records label. Every track on the album was re-released by Kill Rock Stars as a part of the 2006 Tarkio collection Omnibus.The title of the album is part of a lyric from the track Kickaround.
 The Impossible Song & Other Songs is the third solo album by folk musician and Idlewild vocalist Roddy Woomble released on March 21 2011 on Greenvoe Records. Regarding the album's overall aesthetic Woomble states: My first two solo albums were much more low-key than this one and they were far more rooted in traditional Scottish folk.
 Michigan Left is the second full-length album by Arkells. It was announced on August 15 2011 that the album would be released on October 18 2011. The album cover and tracklist were also debuted on the band's website the same day. Whistleblower the first single was premiered on July 30 2011 and was released for purchase on iTunes July 5. The video for the song premiered on New.Music.Live. on MuchMusic July 21 2011.The album was nominated for Rock Album of the Year at the 2012 Juno Awards.
 Lips: Music for Saying It is a 1999 live album by Jane Siberry.It presents material she recorded at a 1996 concert at the famed New York City jazz club The Bottom Line. The material includes both original songs by Siberry and covers of other songwriters all organized around the theme of self-expression.The album also includes the song Mimi Speaks a sequel to her first hit Mimi on the Beach (from 1984's No Borders Here).
 A Slight Case of Overbombing: Greatest Hits Vol.1 is collection of all A-sides of The Sisters of Mercy UK singles released since the band was signed to Time Warner. Non UK singles like When you don't see me aren't present however Vision Thing (Canadian club remix) and Detonation Boulevard (radio edit) two North-American Promo singles are included. It was released on August 23 1993 on the band's own label Merciful Release (under distribution contract with EastWest).
 I Ran: The Best of A Flock of Seagulls is an album by new wave band A Flock of Seagulls released in 2003. The album has subsequently been reissued under the titles Space Age Love Songs and Greatest Hits.The album contains Mike Score's new versions of the bands songs that were specially recorded for use on Cleopatra Records remix album Greatest Hits Remixed.
 In Place Apart is the debut studio album by the American hardcore band Killing the Dream. The album was released on September 13 2005 through Deathwish Inc..
 Moonlight in Vermont is a 1952 jazz album by jazz guitarist Johnny Smith featuring tenor saxophonist Stan Getz. Titled for Smith's breakthrough hit song it was the #1 Jazz Album for 1952. It was popularly and critically well received and has come to be regarded as an important album in Smith's discography in the cool jazz genre and in the evolution of jazz guitar.
 De-Loused in the Comatorium is the debut studio album by American progressive rock band The Mars Volta released on June 24 2003 on Gold Standard Laboratories and Universal Records. Based on a short story written by lead singer Cedric Bixler-Zavala and sound manipulation artist Jeremy Michael Ward the concept album is an hour-long tale of Cerpin Taxt a man who enters a week-long coma after overdosing on a mixture of morphine and rat poison.
 Lara Fabian is the fourth studio album and the first English album by the Belgian recording artist Lara Fabian. It was first released on November 29 1999 in France and later it was released worldwide on 2000. The album features the hit singles I Will Love Again I Am Who I Am and Love By Grace.
 Love In Bright Landscapes is an anthology of The Triffids' songs from their album EP and single releases in the period 1983 - 1985 during which time the group were resident in Perth Sydney and London. Three additional songs from the same sources were also included on the later CD release of the album.All the songs were written by David McComb (with the exception of Raining Pleasure which was co-written by James Paterson and You Don't Miss Your Water which was written by William Bell).
 Ayakaji no Ne (彩風の音 The Sound of Colored Wind) is Rimi Natsukawa's fourth original album released on November 23 2005 (2005-11-23).
 Dangerous: The Short Films is a collection of music videos from the Dangerous album by Michael Jackson released initially on VHS Laser Disc and double Video CD (in Asia market only) in 1993 and reissued on DVD in 2001. It was re-packaged with Dangerous in a two disc set in 2008.
 Phantom on the Horizon is a concept EP by American progressive rock band The Fall of Troy that was released on November 28 2008 through Equal Vision Records. It is the completed version of the Ghostship EP that the band released in 2004. This rerecorded version of the original demos features five chapters and was produced by Casey Bates (Fear Before Chiodos Portugal.
 Life Love & Pain is the debut album by contemporary R&B group Club Nouveau. It was released in late 1986 with production by Denzil Foster Thomas McElroy and Jay King. The album reached number one on the Billboard Top Soul Albums chart and number six on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.
 Numbers & Mumbles (2004) is the second full-length release by Say Hi. It includes a cover of The Beatles' song I'm So Tired. According to Elbogen Let's Talk About Spaceships is the most popular song among fans and is a great crowd pleaser.
 Limited Edition is a remix album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge and the first ever remix album by any Latin performer. It was produced and remixed by internationally known DJ - Producer Pablo Flores along with partner Grammy winning engineer Javier Garza[citation needed] It was released in 1991 and is currently out of print.
 Reel 'N' Roll is a Rawlins Cross album. It is the band's third album released in April 1993 by Ground Swell.
 BBC in Concert 1972–1973 is a CD of live recordings by the group Badfinger released in 1997 by Strange Fruit Records and then re-released in 2000 by Fuel 2000 Records. The recordings were made for the BBC in 1972 and 1973 in two separate concerts at the Paris Theatre in London. The album also includes a 1970 BBC recording of Badfinger's first Top 10 hit Come and Get It.
 Who Says God Is Dead! is a 1968 Gospel album by American country singer-songwriter Loretta Lynn her second religious music album following 1965's Hymns. Four of the songs on the album were written or co-written by Lynn.
 English Oceans is the tenth studio album by American rock band Drive-By Truckers released March 4 2014 on ATO Records. It was produced by long-time collaborator David Barbe and recorded during two weeks during the late spring of 2013. Wes Freed once again provided the album's artwork and cover. English Oceans marks the first time the Drive-By Truckers returned to the studio in four years and is their only record with two songwriters.
 Fade into Light is a 1996 album originally released in Japan by Boz Scaggs that was released on September 27 2005 in the United States. It contains un-plugged versions and also re-recordings of Scaggs' most well-known songs Lowdown and We're All Alone. Allmusic states It's so inspired offering a view of the many sides of Scaggs as a singer that Fade into Light is a must for anyone even remotely interested in Boz Scaggs.
 The Compact King Crimson is a compilation of songs by the British progressive rock band King Crimson selected by Robert Fripp from the two different eras of the band.
 Thrall - Demonsweatlive is an EP by Danzig. It was released in 1993 on Def American Recordings and has been certified Platinum.
 The Velvet Rope - Live In Concert is a video released by American R&B/pop singer Janet Jackson.
 High Rise is the first studio EP by the American rock band Stone Temple Pilots released on October 8 2013 through Play Pen LLC. It is the first release by the band to not feature former lead vocalist Scott Weiland who was fired from the band in February 2013. It instead features his lead vocal replacement Chester Bennington of Linkin Park and Dead by Sunrise and the band is credited on the EP as Stone Temple Pilots with Chester Bennington.
 Street Poetry is the Finnish rock band Hanoi Rocks' seventh studio album. The album reached the top 10 on the Finnish charts and succeeded very well elsewhere in Europe too. The first single spawned was Fashion and the second was an internet-only single This One's For Rock'n'Roll.
 United States and Japan greatest hits compilation featuring every single The Cult had released at the time with the additional Beauty's On The Street and In the Clouds. It was released by The Cult's then record company Beggars Banquet Records without The Cult's participation. In the years since its release singer Ian Astbury and guitarist Billy Duffy have occasionally been vocal about their dislike of this release with Astbury calling it sad on their official website in 2006.
 Ako Si... is the second album and his last album from Star Records of Pinoy rapper Gloc-9. It has 14 tracks and released under Star Records on 2005.
 Boy with the Blues was released by Oasis in early July 2009 as an iTunes exclusive EP. It contained two songs not previously available on general release and also a new remix of the track (Get Off Your) High Horse Lady from the band's seventh studio album Dig Out Your Soul.
 Jock Rock Volume 1 is the first album in the Jock Rock compilation album series released in 1994.
 Edgar Allan Poe EP is an EP by nerdcore artist MC Lars.
 Cometary Orbital Drive is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released in 2008 by Bam Balam.Records Vinyl LP version is titled Episodes Of Cometary Orbital Drive and contain different mix but does not contain the entire album.Released by Bam Balam.Records a French label from Bordeaux Cometary Orbital Drive is nothing but a long suite based on a six-notes sequence.
 Weights and Measures is a 1997 album by Spirit of the West. It was their final album of new material for Warner Music Canada.It was the band's first album following the departure of Linda McRae to whom the final song The Hammer and the Bell is dedicated. It was also the band's most directly folk-influenced album in many years as Canadian Skye Rites of Man Circus and The Hammer and the Bell are all arranged partly around traditional Celtic jigs and reels.
 Vine ~ Bark & Spore (2000) is a collaborative album by ambient musicians Steve Roach and Jorge Reyes.There is a uniquely haunting ethereal atmosphere to this album. The music consists of tribal percussion and vocals textural electric guitar synthesizers and heavy reverb treatments.
 Chasing the Sun is the second studio album by former Megadeth guitarist Chris Poland released in 2000 through Grooveyard Records (United States) and Mascot Records (Europe) and reissued on March 16 2004 through Rotten Records.
 Caroline's Spine is the eponymous debut album of the American hard rock band of the same name. It was released in 1993 before the band was entirely formed. The lead singer/primary song writer Jimmy Newquist wrote all the songs and played most of the instruments for the recording. Many of the tracks on this album were later re-recorded with the full band for future Caroline's Spine albums.
 Symbolic is the Voodoo Glow Skulls' fifth full-length album. It was released on September 12 2000 on Epitaph Records. This album marks the last appearance of the creator of the VGS horn style Helios J Hernandez. Track 14 is a cover of the song I Shot The Sheriff from Bob Marley. The song Say Goodnight appears on punk compilation album Punk-O-Rama 6.
 Sexto Sentido (Spanish for Sixth Sense) is the 29th album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge. It was released in 2002 as part of a new recording contract with Warner Music Latina and was produced by Kike Santander. It marked the first time that the singer collaborates with her daughter Noelia in the tracks Te Vine A Buscar and La Luna.The track 'La Luna' was translated to the Spanish by her daughter Noelia and she also sings backup vocals on the track.
 Loveline is the tenth album by American soul/R&B group Tavares produced by Alan Abrahams and released in 1981 on the Capitol label. It is the final album Tavares recorded for Capitol after an nine-year association which covered their whole recording career to that date. The group would move to RCA for their last two albums. Loveline is Tavares' second successive album to fail to register on either the pop or the R&B top 100.
 Innocents is the eleventh studio album by American electronic artist Moby. He announced the album through his YouTube channel and through his Web site on July 1 2013. The first official single from the album A Case for Shame was also released on the same day. The album was released on October 1 2013 and features collaborations on 7 of the album's 12 tracks.
 Porgy and Bess is a 1957 studio album by jazz vocalist and trumpeter Louis Armstrong and singer Ella Fitzgerald collaborating on this recording of selections from George and Ira Gershwin's Porgy and Bess.
 The Pleasure To Remain So Heartless is the second album from Bremerton Washington band Kane Hodder. It was released in 2004 by Suburban Home Records and re-released in 2005 on Fueled by Ramen records with new artwork and a bonus DVD which features live performances as well as the music video for I Think Patrick Swayze is Sexy.
 Blue John is an album by American organist John Patton recorded in 1963 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1986.
 The Transit Rider is the title of the fourth album by Faun Fables and the theatrical production on which it was based.
 Bring 'Em Out Live is the first live album of the American rock band FireHouse.
 Head is the soundtrack to the film Head the only theatrical release by The Monkees. Released in 1968 through Colgems it was the band's sixth album.
 Poemss is the debut studio album by Poemss a collaboration made by Aaron Funk of Venetian Snares and Joanne Pollock. It was released in February 2014 under Planet Mu Records
 Modern Rock is the second studio album by New Zealand group The Clean originally released in 1994.
 Afterparty Babies is the second album by Canadian rapper Cadence Weapon released on 4 March 2008 by Anti-Records and Upper Class Recordings in the United States and Canada and 10 March 2008 by Big Dada in the United Kingdom. After signing with US label Anti- and the re-release of his debut album Breaking Kayfabe he spent eleven months in his hometown of Edmonton to work on new material for his next album.
 Project 11-41 is the third album album by rock band Slapshock released in 2002.It was certified platinum in the Philippines.
 The Trip: Created by Snow Patrol is a mix album compiled by alternative rock band Snow Patrol's vocalist Gary Lightbody and released through the Family Recordings label on 1 November 2004. Issued as a 2×CD and a 3×LP Vinyl the album was the fifth in The Trip series. In the CD release Disc I was called Bert and Disc II was Ernie. Lightbody wished to compile his own Trip album after listening to the album compiled by Tom Middleton.
 Return to Paradise is a live album by Styx released in 1997. It features songs from their successful reunion tour with Tommy Shaw but without John Panozzo who died in July 1996. It includes three new studio tracks including Dear John which Shaw wrote as a tribute to Panozzo.
 Rocksteady is the ninth studio album from Big Head Todd and The Monsters released on July 20 2010. The album's first single Beautiful charted top 20 in Adult album alternative in 2010 and is available on iTunes.
 Groovin' with the Chet Baker Quintet is an album by trumpeter Chet Baker which was recorded in 1965 and released on the Prestige label.
 Holiday Songs and Lullabies is an album by American singer-songwriter and musician Shawn Colvin released in 1998.
 The Song Remembers When is the third studio album by American country music artist Trisha Yearwood. The album was released October 26 1993 on MCA Nashville Records and was produced by Garth Fundis. It was Yearwood's second collaboration with Fundis who also produced her 1992 album Hearts in Armor which received wide critical acclaim. The title track was the album's lead single becoming a major hit peaking at #2 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in 1993.
 Decade of the Nail Spiked Bat is a 2-CD compilation album by power metal band Jag Panzer.
 Sequins 1 is a limited edition extended play by Irish singer Róisín Murphy. It was released by Echo Records on 12-inch vinyl in January 2005.
 Mr. Machinery Operator is the fifth album by the American alternative rock band Firehose. It is also their second album to be released on the major label Columbia Records.
 Stupidity was the third album by Dr. Feelgood. It was released in September 1976 and was their first live album recording. Their mushrooming popularity was confirmed when Stupidity (1976) topped the UK charts.The album reached number 1 in the UK Albums Chart in October 1976 (for one week) and remained in that chart for nine weeks. It was the first ever live album to go to number 1 in the UK chart in its first week of release. It was Dr.
 Through the Gale is the third album of Asaf Avidan & the Mojos in Israel released in 2010 independently after the success of their debut 2008 album The Reckoning and the follow-up 2009 album Poor Boy / Lucky Man.
 3 Pears is an album by American country music artist Dwight Yoakam. It was released on September 18 2012 via Warner Bros. Records.The album which includes collaborations with Beck Kid Rock and Ashley Monroe of Pistol Annies has been one of the most critically acclaimed recordings of Yoakam's career. 3 Pears peaked at No. 18 on the Billboard 200 album chart becoming Yoakam's highest position on the general music chart.
 The Dead Live By Love is the second and final full length album by Scottish metalcore band Mendeed.
 Longueur d'ondes is the name of the fifth studio album recorded by the Canadian singer Natasha St-Pier and was released on January 16 2006. It achieved a great success in France topping the albums and digital charts and also in Belgium and Switzerland. The album's lead single Un ange frappe à ma porte was the most-played French single across the world during 2006.
 The Element of Freedom is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Alicia Keys released on December 11 2009 by J Records. Recording sessions for the album took place during May to September 2009 at The Oven Studios in Long Island New York. Production was handled by Keys Jeff Bhasker Swizz Beatz Noah 40 Shebib Toby Gad and Kerry Krucial Brothers.
 The Very Best of Bonnie Tyler is a compilation album by Bonnie Tyler.
 Charles Lloyd in Europe is a live album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd on the Atlantic label recorded in Norway by the Charles Lloyd Quartet featuring Keith Jarrett Cecil McBee and Jack DeJohnette.
 Connect is the fourth studio album by Australian band Sick Puppies and was released on 16 July 2013 by Capitol Records.The album debuted at No. 17 on the Billboard 200 album chart their highest charting position to date with 18195 copies sold. Connect sold 16318 albums in its first week.A preview of the first single There's No Going Back was released on YouTube on 10 May 2013. The single was released on 20 May 2013.
 Sool is a 2008 album released by German electronic musician Ellen Allien released on her BPitch Control music label. It is her sixth studio album.
 Ravvivando is a 1999 album by the German krautrock group Faust. A vinyl edition (one 12 and one 10) was released about a year later including a bonus track not included on the CD edition.
 Make Them Die Slowly is the second album by White Zombie released in 1989. It is presumably named after the 1981 cannibal movie Cannibal Ferox which was originally released in the US as Make Them Die Slowly. There is a printing error on the CD's side saying Let Them Die Slowly instead of the album's proper title. It was the band's only album with John Ricci on guitar.
 Advaitic Songs is the fifth studio album by the band Om released on July 24 2012. The album has received a mixed response from both fans and critics with some critics giving the album poor reviews and others giving extremely positive reviews. Fans were also split over the album as some felt it moved away too much from the bands earlier heavier sound. As with Pilgrimage and God Is Good Advaitic Songs album cover again visits Christian Iconography.
 Recycled is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It is part of the Recycled Music series on RRRecords each copy is taped over a prerecorded cassette tape with the artist's name and the title Recycled written on adhesive tape applied to the original artwork. Copies vary in length due to the use of recycled tapes.
 The Nightlines Sessions is a 1998 album by Rheostatics.The album was recorded as a live session for the final episode of CBC Stereo's late night music program Night Lines hosted by David Wisdom. It is a largely tossed-off and improvised affair showing the band indulging their silly sides. It is an enjoyable diversion for fans but even the band acknowledges that casual listeners will likely find it weird and unlistenable.The session aired on August 31 1997.
 Fire Water Paper: A Vietnam Oratorio is a large scale orchestral oratorio composed by Elliot Goldenthal commissioned by the Pacific Symphony Orchestra in 1993 for the 20th Anniversary of the end of the Vietnam War.
 Kono Hi no Chime o Wasurenai (この日のチャイムを忘れない I don't forget this day's chime) is the 1st album by the Japanese female idol group SKE48. It was released in Japan on September 19 2012 by Avex Group.
 Dancemania X1 a.k.a.
 1st Concert Oh Yeah! 1999 was the original first live-recorded concert of Japanese singer Ami Suzuki. It was recorded in May 1999 but it wasn't released until September 2005 with the release of the box set Bazooka 17 under Sony Music Entertainment.
 Wait for Night is an album by Australian singer-songwriter Rick Springfield. He originally released it through Chelsea Records in 1976. He later re-released it through RCA Records in 1982 and that version managed to crack into the Billboard album charts. A CD version has been available since July 2010 through Wounded Bird Records.
 10 Years and Gunnin' is a greatest hits CD by M.O.P.. The album name is a reference to N.W.A's LP 100 Miles and Runnin'.
 Ignite the Seven Cannons is the fourth album by English alternative rock band Felt released in 1985.The album was produced by Robin Guthrie of Cocteau Twins. His bandmate Elizabeth Fraser features prominently as backing vocalist on Primitive Painters which became Felt's most successful single reaching the top of the UK independent singles chart. Tracks 6 8 9 and 11 are instrumental.
 Hope in Dirt City is the third album by Canadian rapper Cadence Weapon. It was released on May 29 2012 on Upper Class Recordings.
 Shinee World (promoted as SHINee The 1st Concert Album SHINee World) is the first live album by South Korean quintet boy band Shinee under the label of SM Entertainment and EMI Music Japan. It was recorded for their first concert tour The 1st Concert Shinee World was held at Olympic Gymnastics Arena.
 Head or Heart is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Christina Perri released on April 1 2014 via Atlantic Records. It is Perri's first full-length release since her last studio album Lovestrong (2011). It was originally expected to be released on March 11 2014 but was pushed back to April 1 2014.
 Queas and Art is a compilation album by Vas Deferens Organization released in 1998 through Eerie Materials. It contains material from the bands first five cassette tapes dating from 1992 to 1995.
 Pure Prairie League is the self-titled debut album by American country rock band Pure Prairie League released in 1972 (see 1972 in music).
 You've Always Got The Blues is a 1988 album that was recorded as the soundtrack for the ABC TV series Stringer. This album is primarily duets performed by Kate Ceberano and Wendy Matthews but also features Joy Smithers and Martin Armiger.
 Holy Ghost! is the debut studio album by American synthpop duo Holy Ghost!. It was released on April 1 2011 by DFA Records.
 Playing the Fool - The Official Live is a live album by British progressive rock band Gentle Giant which was released in 1977. It demonstrates the band's complex musicianship and talent as well as showcasing versions of songs which are often greatly modified from the original album versions. Acquiring the Taste is the only studio album by the band not represented by any tracks on the album (although a section from the title track of said album is featured in Excerpts from Octopus).
 Morning Musume Zen Single Coupling Collection (モーニング娘。 全シングル カップリングコレクション Mōningu Musume Zen Shinguru Kappuringu Korekushon) is the 5th greatest hits collection released by Morning Musume. It features every b-side the group has released thus far on their singles in a set of three discs. It was released on October 7 2009 in both limited (EPCE-5661～3) and regular (EPCE-5664～6) editions. The limited edition has different album art and includes a photobook.
 Wipeout Pure: The Original Soundtrack is a soundtrack album of various electronica artists from the video game of the same name released in 2005.Wipeout Pure released for Sony PlayStation Portable in 2005 is part of the Wipeout series of video games that pioneered the incorporation of electronic music by mainstream artists into the game. The soundtrack album and the actual soundtrack of the video game do not contain exactly the same collections of music.
 Glass Floor was the first full length album by the indie pop group Maritime. It was the follow-up to the Adios EP which contained five tracks. The songs on this album range from acoustic ballads (Lights) to fast acoustic driven songs (James) as well as heartfelt love songs (I'm Not Afraid) and fast poppy tunes (Adios) which was on the Adios EP.
 No Stars Just Talent is a compilation album by the Seal Beach California record label Kung Fu Records released in 1999. It was the label's first sampler compilation and featured artists signed to the label at the time as well as others such as blink-182 who were not signed to the label but had released a single album through them.
 17-11-70 (US title 11-17-70) is the first live album by British singer/songwriter Elton John released in 1971.
 Let's Go All the Way is the sole full-length album from the band Sly Fox released in 1985.It features the 1986 hit song of the same name. The follow-up single Stay True barely cracked the Billboard Hot 100 later in 1986.The original version of Let's Go All the Way had synthesizer hits accompanied by keyboardist Robbie Buchanan and the 1986 version gave it enhancements including drums instead of synthesizer hits.
 Monsters in the Closet is Swollen Members' third studio album released on Battleaxe Records. Monsters in the Closet is a collection of B-sides rarities and unreleased tracks from the groups back catalog. In order to properly promote the record however three brand new songs were created two of which became popular singles. Steppin Thru led the way continuing their streak of successful singles.
 Ritual Union is the third studio album by Swedish electronic band Little Dragon. It was released on 25 July 2011 by Peacefrog Records. The album debuted at number twenty-two on the UK Albums Chart and number seventy-eight on the US Billboard 200 their highest-charting album to date. The album's second single Ritual Union reached number seventy-six on the UK Singles Chart. Upon its release Ritual Union received generally positive reviews from music critics.
 Hola Chicuelos is the third album of Plastilina Mosh an Avanzada Regia band from Monterrey Mexico released in 2003.
 Focus 3 is the third studio album from the Dutch rock band Focus released in 1972 on Sire Records. It is the first and only double album released by the band. Focus 3 peaked at number six on the UK Albums Chart. The album spawned one single; Sylvia reached number four in the UK and number 33 in the US.
 Stars of CCTV is the debut album by English indie rock band Hard-Fi. It was first released on 4 July 2005 on Necessary/Atlantic and Warner Music UK. It was nominated for the 2005 Mercury Music Prize and reached number one on the UK Albums Chart in January 2006 taking it about five months to reach number one mainly due to the preceding single Cash Machine catching the sellers' attention; its original peak position was number six.
 Live over Europe 2007 is the sixth live album by British band Genesis recorded during the Turn It on Again: The Tour of 2007. It was released in North America by Atlantic Records on 20 November 2007 and in Europe on by Virgin Records on 26 November 2007. The album is the most recent Genesis album released to date.
 The Notorious Cherry Bombs is the self-titled debut album by the American country music group The Notorious Cherry Bombs a band that formerly served as country singer Rodney Crowell's backing band in the 1980s. This is the band's only studio album with Crowell and Vince Gill alternating as lead vocalists. Released in 2004 on Universal South Records the album produced one chart single in It's Hard to Kiss the Lips at Night That Chew Your Ass Out All Day Long.
 Leave the Light On was a #6 country album on the Billboard charts for country music singer Lorrie Morgan with such singles as Trainwreck of Emotion at #20 Dear Me at #9 Out of Your Shoes at #2 Five Minutes at #1 and He Talks to Me at #4. On the original vinyl LP there were only nine tracks but the CD version adds two more including a cover of the Beatles' 1965 single Eight Days a Week.
 across a thousand blades- a retrospective is the second compilation album by the Darkwave band Black Tape for a Blue Girl. It was released in 1996 by Projekt Records in conjunction with the band's second show August 2 1997 at the Vic Theatre Chicago as part of the second Projekt Festival.
 Asian Kung-Fu Generation Presents: Nano–Mugen Compilation is a compilation album released by Asian Kung-Fu Generation on June 8 2005 to advertise their fifth Nano-Mugen Festival that was held at Yokohama Arena on July 9. The album features one song from each of the eight total groups composed of four Japanese bands and four UK bands who performed at the event.
 Pass the Chicken & Listen is a country rock album by The Everly Brothers released in 1972. It was the last studio recording the brothers made for over 10 years.It was re-released on CD by One Way Records in 1997.
 Demons is an album by the Swedish stoner rock band Spiritual Beggars.It was first released in Japan on March 23 2005 as a deluxe 2 two cd digipak which includes a bonus live CD with material recorded at the Shibuya Ax in Tokyo Japan on April 18 2003. Released shortly after the 2 disc version sold out was a single disc jewel case version with same artwork as the digipak.Demons was finally released in Europe on June 20 2005.
 Sacred is the second album by Irish alternative rock band Paradox released on May 11 2004.
 Night Birds released in 1982 on the Polydor label is the second album by Shakatak.Night Birds established Shakatak's trademark jazz-funk sound and contains two of the band's biggest hits Easier Said than Done and Night Birds the former reaching the No. 12 spot in 1981 the latter climbing to No. 9 in the following year.
 Côte D'Azur is The Rippingtons' sixteenth album which was released in 2011.
 The Watchers is an album released by Danish progressive metal band Royal Hunt comprising a new long suite already published in Japan in the EP titled Intervention - Part 1 re-recorded versions of old songs and some live tracks. The live tracks were recorded from May to August 2000.
 Oh My God! is the debut album of emcee Doug E. Fresh. It was released in 1986 on Reality Records a short-lived subsidiary of the legendary Fantasy Records and was produced by Dennis Bell and Ollie Cotton. The album was only a moderate success when it was released peaking at #21 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. However today the album is considered one of the greatest hip-hop albums of all time but it was never released on compact disc.
 The Ten Shades of Blues is the fifth solo studio album by Cameroonian jazz bassist and musician Richard Bona. It was released on October 19 2009 through Universal Music Jazz France. The album has charted in France and the Netherlands.
 Bill Evans at the Montreux Jazz Festival is a 1968 (see 1968 in music) album by the American jazz pianist Bill Evans recorded live at that year's Montreux Jazz Festival.The trio's performance on this album won them the 1969 Grammy for Best Jazz Instrumental Album Individual or Group.
 The Don Heckman-Ed Summerlin Improvisational Jazz Workshop is the first and only album released by the group of the same name led jointly by alto saxophonist Don Heckman and tenor saxophonist Ed Summerlin recorded in September 1965 and March 1966 and released in 1967 on their own recently established Ictus label with Heckman and Summerlin each composing two of the album's four tracks.
 Trill Entertainment Presents: All or Nothing is a compilation album by Trill Entertainment featuring rappers Lil Boosie Foxx Webbie & Trill Fam. It was released on November 9 2010.
 Old School Flava is the second album by the old school rap group Treacherous Three. It was released in 1994 for Wrap Records and was produced by DJ Easy Lee DJ Clark Kent T La Rock Ced Gee Rahiem Special K Kool Moe Dee and LA Sunshine. Guests include Big Daddy Kane Chuck D and Heavy D.
 Kirk Franklin Presents 1NC is a studio album by Kirk Franklin with the One Nation Crew. It was released on February 8 2000.
 The Scepter of the Ancients is the second album by Psycroptic. It was released in 2003 by Unique Leader.
 Great Day! Rare Recordings From The Judy Garland Show is a music CD by Judy Garland which was released on June 6 2006.
 Tamaki Nami Reproduct Best is a remix album released by Japanese Pop singer Nami Tamaki on March 25 2009. The album is a compilation of Tamaki's singles all remixed. The album has some entirely new remixes as well as some old ones.
 Angel Down is the third solo release by heavy metal musician Sebastian Bach. Released on November 20 2007 it is the first release to feature all original studio recorded material. It is also Bach's first release since his 2001 release Bach 2: Basics. It has garnered attention due to Guns N' Roses lead singer Axl Rose's guest appearance on 3 tracks and Bach's appearance on MTV's Celebrity Rap Superstar.
 The Original is a 1992 album by Jamaican reggae artist Burning Spear.
 The Story So Far is a compilation album released by pop group Bucks Fizz. It collected together 18 of the group's biggest hits spanning the years 1981 to 1988 including their three number ones.
 The first Mythos LP was released in 1972 on the legendary 'Krautrock' label Ohr. On 'Mythos' the band realized a mixture of art rock and psychedelic with oriental influences in lengthy pieces. Stephan Kaske played the melody from Händel's 'Fireworks Music' on the flute in a rockmeets-classic version. 'Oriental Journey-Hero's Death' creates a psychedelic mood with sitar and mellotron sounds.
 Macho is an album by Hungarian guitarist Gábor Szabó featuring performances recorded in 1975 and released on the Salvation label.
 1 2 to the Bass is esteemed bassist and composer Stanley Clarke's 26th solo album. It was released by Sony Music Entertainment Inc. on April 13 2003. The Track Where Is the Love was nominated for the 2004 Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocals. 1 2 to the Bass has been praised for both showcasing Stanley Clarke's ability on the bass and for its variety of guest artists.
 Seconds is the third album released by Kate Rogers.Her first album was a compilation of her guest appearances as vocalist on Grand Central Records releases entitled Kate Rogers Vs Grand Central. This was followed by St. Eustacia an album of original material written and performed by Rogers.Seconds consists of 8 somewhat surprising cover versions in Kate's downtempo style plus one new original track written and performed with Grand Central Records label-mate Jon Kennedy
 Nuggets: Original Artyfacts from the First Psychedelic Era is a groundbreaking compilation album of American garage rock singles released in the mid-to-late 1960s. It was assembled by Jac Holzman founder of Elektra Records and Lenny Kaye later lead guitarist for the Patti Smith Group. The original double album was released on LP by Elektra in 1972 with liner notes by Kaye that contained one of the first uses of the term punk rock.
 Live from Rome is a 2005 album by alternative hip hop artist Sole.
 The Drowning EP is Dashboard Confessional's first EP recorded by the band's founding member Chris Carrabba. It was released on February 27 2001 through Fiddler Records. Photography was by Ryan Joseph Shaughnessy who also photographed Carrabba for The Swiss Army Romance and The Places You Have Come to Fear the Most.
 First is the first solo album by David Gates of Bread. The musicians include: Jimmy Getzoff Jim Gordon Jim Horn John Guerin Larry Carlton Larry Knechtel Louie Shelton Mike Botts and Russ Kunkel.
 Full Blooded Niggaz is the second album by the Ghetto Mafia. It was released on October 10 1995 through Triad Records and was produced by POR Productions a three man production team consisting of Carl Dorsey Edgar Hinton and Lance McLendon who also wrote most of the songs on the album. Full Blooded Niggaz peaked at 65 on the Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 This Is Ray Brown is a 1958 studio album by American jazz double bass player Ray Brown.
 Side Trips Volume One is a jazz-rock fusion album by Howard Wales and Jerry Garcia. It was recorded live at the Matrix in San Francisco in 1970 and released in 1998.
 Moa Anbessa is an album by Ethiopian saxophonist Getatchew Mekuria with Dutch post-punk band The Ex and guests released in 2006 on The Ex's subsidiary label Terp. The project came together on the heels of The Ex's previous studio album Turn which incorporated elements of Eritrean and Congolese music alongside a tribute to the Ethiojazz anthems of Getatchew Mekuria.
 Paste is an album by punk rock band Alien Father. It is a compilation of previous work released only to friends as well as some new material.
 Peanut Butter Wolf's Jukebox 45's is a compilation album of Stones Throw Records an American hip hop label. Most of the album is performed or produced by Madlib though other Stones Throw artists have songs also.
 Com Plex is the first full length album by indie rock band The Helio Sequence. It was released September 5 2000 on Cavity Search Records. It contains a cover of the Beatles song Tomorrow Never Knows.
 Greatest Hits is a music video compilation by ZZ Top. It was released in 1992 by Warner Bros. Records.
 Angels with Dirty Faces is the second studio album by English girl group Sugababes. It was released by Island Records in the UK on 26 August 2002 and in most European territories by September 2002.
 Paper Blood is the eighth studio album released by the band Royal Hunt. It is the first album without longtime members Jacob Kjaer and Steen Mogensen who both left the band in December 2003 It is also the last studio album to feature John West on vocals.
 This Is Who I Am is R&B and Soul singer-songwriter Kelly Price's fourth studio album released in 2006 on the labels EcclecticSounds and GospoCentric.
 Jilemnický Okultista (English: The Jilemnice Occultist) is the second studio album by Czech black metal band Master's Hammer. It was released in 1992 through Osmose Productions. It is a concept album.
 Armageddon Through Your Speakers is the major label debut of rock band Bionic Jive.
 Come Home (released 2009 on the Heilo catalog by the Grappa label - HCD 7244) is a studio album by the couple Annbjørg Lien and Bjørn Ole Rasch.
 Live in the UK is the first live album by House of Lords released on January 29 2007.The album was recorded during the band's last tour with the original reunited line up in 2005 on November 26 2005 in Nottingham England. It is the band's last recording with the original line-up (excluding keyboardist and founding member Gregg Giuffria who had no part in the 2000 reunion).
 The Day the Earth Stood Still soundtrack (1951) was composed in August 1951 and was Bernard Herrmann's first soundtrack after he moved from New York to Hollywood.
 Hôtel Costes Vol. 2: la suite is a downtempo/lounge album compiled and mixed by Stéphane Pompougnac resident DJ of the Parisian cafe/restaurant Hôtel Costes.
 Birmingham at Barbarella is a live bootleg made on the Dire Straits tour and released in 1978. It is the first live album by Dire Straits.[citation needed]The songs were recorded on July 4 1978.
 Lichtspielhaus (obsolete German for cinema; literally light-play house) is the German NDH-metal band Rammstein's second DVD and was released on December 1 2003. It is a compilation of all their videos to date and some live performances commercial advertisements trailers and makings-of.
 Heroes for Sale is Nasty Idols fourth album release. Originally the album was set for release in 1995 under the name The Fourth Reich. The album was released in 2002 under the revised name by Perris Records as the bands original label (HSM) had gone bankrupt back in 1994.
 Tunes of War is the seventh studio album by German metal band Grave Digger about the Scottish struggles for independence from England from the medieval conflicts between its clans in the 11th century through to the Jacobite rebellion of the 18th.It was the first album in Grave Digger's trilogy of medievally inspired concept albums which was continued by Knights of the Cross (1998) and Excalibur (1999).
 Ballot Result is a posthumous live compilation album by Minutemen.The story of Ballot Result starts with the Tour-Spiel EP in 1984. Minutemen had been given a copy of a tape of a live radio performance for the Virgin Vinyl Show they had done in Tucson Arizona four songs of which they used for the EP. The engineer of that particular session later claimed that Minutemen had not got his permission to use the recording and reacted by releasing a bootleg album ...Just a Minute Men.
 Pastel Blues is a studio album by Jazz singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone (1933–2003). It was recorded in 1964 and 1965 in New York City and released in 1965 by Philips Records. The name Pastel Blues is somewhat deceiving because the songs on the album incorporate different musical styles besides the blues such as jazz soul and folk music.
 WWIII is KMFDM's thirteenth studio album. It follows the common KMFDM practice of naming albums with five-letter words. This is KMFDM's only release on Sanctuary Records. Lyrically the album is very political. The songs primarily attack George W. Bush's presidency various US wars in the Middle East and America's foreign policy. The last track Intro introduces the members of the band. It was recorded in Seattle Washington.
 Divided & United: The Songs of the Civil War is a compilation album of American Civil War music recorded by various artists. It was released on November 5 2013 through ATO Records. The album was produced with the help of music supervisor Randall Poster whose credits include work with Boardwalk Empire and Moonrise Kingdom.
 Contagion is the second album by American deathcore band Oceano released November 9 2010 through Earache Records. A video for Weaponized was released on November 4.
 Most Known Unknown is the eighth full-length studio album as well as the second platinum album from Memphis rap group Three 6 Mafia. It was released on September 25 2005 and is the follow-up to the 2003 album Da Unbreakables.
 Replay is the debut studio album by British Virgin Islands R&B recording artist Iyaz released in Ireland on 4 June 2010. The album was executively produced by Iyaz's label boss J.R. Rotem. It was originally to be titled My Life as a request by Iyaz but was retitled and postponed in order not to compete with The Ready Set's debut album I'm Alive I'm Dreaming also released by Rotem. The album's lead single Replay was released on 11 August 2009.
 Hardcore Superstar is the fifth studio album released in November 2005 by Swedish Hard rock band Hardcore Superstar on the record label Gain.It placed #12 on the Swedish album chart.
 Celebrate the Dead is the third EP by Beherit released in 2012. The album includes a new song and a re-recording of Demon Advance originally found on the Engram album. The tracks on the EP showcase a decidedly more dark ambient style than those found on their last effort.
 Norfolk Coast is the fifteenth album by The Stranglers and was released on 16 February 2004. It was their first album in six years and their first studio album with new guitarist Baz Warne. A number of songs were written by Warne including the ballad Dutch Moon. Norfolk Coast peaked at No. 70 in the UK Albums Chart in February for one week's duration in that listing.The album was well received by reviewers and fans alike showing a return to form of the band.
 Sixty Four is the 21st studio album and 26th album overall from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan. It is composed of demo tracks recorded by Donovan in 1964. Sixty Four was released in the United States in February 2004 (Donovan Discs).
 Black Love is the fifth album by the band The Afghan Whigs released on 1996. It was released on the Elektra label and was produced by Greg Dulli.Prior to this album's release lead singer Greg Dulli seriously explored producing a movie in the film noir genre but despite his optioning at least one book in the end the movie was never made and Dulli's ideas for a sound track led to the songs recorded on this album.
 In the Arms of Love is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released on December 19 1966 by Columbia Records and was the last in a series of his albums produced by Robert Mersey.
 Also known as Super Hits of the '70s: Have a Nice Day Volume 10 or Super Hits of the '70s Volume 10.
 Mirotic is the fourth Korean studio album (seventh overall) by South Korean pop group TVXQ released on September 26 2008 by S.M. Entertainment. This is the last Korean album with the group's original line-up.The album was a major commercial breakthrough and is TVXQ's most critically successful album to date. The best-selling album of 2008 Mirotic debuted atop the Hanteo charts and sold 110000 albums in one week setting the record for one-week sales in South Korea.
 Five Guys Walk into a Bar...
 Live at SOB's recorded June 28 and December 6 2002 at SOB's in New York. It was produced by longtime collaborator Dave Tozer.
 Sickening Bliss is the fourth full length album by Swedish goregrind band Regurgitate released in 2006 by Relapse Records. For vinyl releases there is the yellow splatter vinyl limited to 1000 red limited to 500 and clear limited to 100. There is also a censored cover that focuses on the womans face.
 Super Session is an album conceived by Al Kooper and featuring the work of guitarists Mike Bloomfield and Stephen Stills released on Columbia Records in 1968 CS 9701. Bloomfield and Stills do not play together on the album with tracks including Bloomfield on side one and those including Stills on side two. It peaked at #12 on the Billboard 200.
 Lament for the Weary is Christian thrash metal band Seventh Angel's second album released in 1992 on Music for Nations. The album saw the band incorporating doom metal elements to thrash. The album garnered generous reviews from British music press at the time.
 CBGB OMFUG Masters: Live June 29 2001: The Bowery Collection is the first live album by American garage rock band The Mooney Suzuki released on March 18 2008.
 Ze Vemixes is the remix album to Van She's debut studio album V. It was released on 12 June 2009 in Australia as a 2-disc CD with the original version of the album on the first disc. All of the tracks are remixes by the band's offshoot Van She Technologic.
 Who's to Say What Stays the Same is Avail's first release. It was originally released on vinyl only in 1989. A remix of this album was released in May 1991. The recording of this album took place during December 1989 at Inner Ear Studio.[1]
 A Prince Among Thieves is the second studio album by hip hop artist Prince Paul. It is considered an apex in the hip hop world and was one of the most acclaimed concept albums of its time. A Prince Among Thieves was well received by music critics upon its release. Music essayist Robert Christgau has cited it as the closest thing to a true rock opera you've ever heard.
 The Melody of Rhythm is a 2009 album by banjoist Béla Fleck. After returning from Africa and recording Tales From The Acoustic Planet Vol. 3: Africa Sessions Fleck put together the musical trio consisting of him Tabla player Zakir Hussain and bassist Edgar Meyer to record this album. They are accompanied by the Detroit Symphony Orchestra conducted by Leonard Slatkin.
 Fields of Fire is the third album by Corey Hart released in 1986. It generated five charted singles.
 Celestial Completion is the fourth studio album by the American heavy metal band Becoming the Archetype. The album was released on March 29 2011 through Solid State Records.Becoming the Archetype added some diversity and unusual elements to their sound on Celestial Completion.
 Alias is the debut album from the Canadian rock band Alias released in 1990 by Capitol Records.The single More Than Words Can Say reached #1 in Canada and #2 in the United States. A second single Waiting for Love was released in early 1991 and peaked at #13 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100.
 I Got a Woman and Some Blues is an album by American guitarist George Benson featuring performances recorded in 1969 but not released on the A&M label until 1984.
 Seventh Truth is the fourth album released by Azeri jazz artist Aziza Mustafa Zadeh. It caused a good deal of controversy when it was released in 1996 because of the visually revealing cover art.[citation needed] Aziza was delighted to hear that the art had caused such a stir. It means people are starting to wake up a bit. I'm so glad. Actually I find it amusing! Why all the fuss? Maybe some women are jealous or maybe they're too fat to appear like that themselves.
 Pretty Girls is the second album by Lisa Dal Bello.
 FabricLive.42 is a 2008 mix album by Freq Nasty. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Odds & Evens is the second album by West Coast hip hop artist Defari. It was released in 2003 and features appearances from Tha Liks' members and Dilated Peoples' members.
 Hotel Paper is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Michelle Branch which was released on June 24 2003.Some of the major themes on Hotel Paper are leaving things behind constantly being on the move independence the mysteries of bus stations and spirituality. The album's cover is a photograph of Branch by Sheryl Nields.Hotel Paper debuted at number two on the U.S.
 Ballad of the Blues is a 1959 album by Jo Stafford. It is a concept album which tells a story through song showcasing the influence of the Blues. The album has a predominantly pop setting and features Jo Stafford accompanied by her husband Paul Weston and backed by The Starlighters (one the Starlighters is Thurl Ravenscroft who later became known as the voice of Tony the Tiger for Kellogg's Frosted Flakes).
 A Ginuwine Christmas is the eighth studio album and first Christmas album by American R&B recording artist Ginuwine. It was released exclusively to digital media stores on October 10 2011 via Notifi Records compromising soulful interpretations of traditional holiday songs such as Silent Night and Joy to the World  along with love songs and sensual slow jams.
 And Now the Rain Sounds Like Life Is Falling Through It is the third album by guitarist and composer Roy Montgomery released on April 13 1998 through Drunken Fish Records.
 Anthology a greatest hits compilation released in 2003 is the final album by the Japanese rock group Cymbals.
 1st Chō Berryz (1st 超ベリーズ Fāsuto Chō Berīzu First Super Berryz) is the first full-length album by J-pop group Berryz Kobo. It was released on July 7 2004.
 The Young Gods is the eponymous debut album of industrial band The Young Gods. It was released in April 1987 via Wax Trax! Records.
 Happy Days Sweetheart was the 1993 debut and only album for Industrial music dance group Ethyl Meatplow. The album was released on Chameleon Records distributed by Elektra Entertainment and produced by Barry Adamson. The album received praise by many critics but did not fare very well commercially. The video for The Devil's Johnson was once featured on an episode of Beavis & Butt-head.
 Antichristian Phenomenon is the third EP by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth. The first five tracks were recorded in July and August 2000 at the Hendrix Studios in Poland during the Thelema.6 studio session. Day of Suffering was recorded in November 2000 also in the Hendrix Studios.
 Masters of Chant Chapter VII is the tenth album by Gregorian. The album was released September 25 2009.
 Street Sounds Electro 5 is the fifth compilation album in a series and was released 1984 on the StreetSounds label. The album was released on LP and cassette and contains nine electro music and old school hip hop tracks mixed by Bunny Rock Inc. featuring DJ Maurice and DJ Noel.
 A Data Learn the Language is the third studio album by American post-rock band The Mercury Program released in 2002 on Tiger Style Records. Allmusic called it consistently melodic rhythmically varied and unfailingly listenable.
 We're Only in It for the Money is the third studio album by The Mothers of Invention. Released on March 4 1968 on Verve Records it was subsequently remixed and re-recorded by Frank Zappa and reissued independently by Rykodisc Records in 1986.As with the band's previous two albums We're Only in It for the Money is a concept album and satirizes left and right-wing politics particularly the hippie subculture as well as The Beatles' album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
 Seed is the fourth album by Afro Celt Sound System released on March 25 2003 by Real World Records.For this album the band had shortened their name to Afrocelts. They later regarded the name change as a mistake and on subsequent albums reverted to their original name.
 Starija (English: Older Woman) and alternately titled 5 is the sixth studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Stoja. It was released in 2004.
 A Beautiful World is a 2003 re-release of producer singer songwriter Robin Thicke's 2002 debut album Cherry Blue Skies. The reissue features the extra tracks A Beautiful World and She's Gangsta. The woman featured on the cover of the album is Paula Patton Thicke's then-girlfriend and future wife.
 Roots: John Lennon Sings the Great Rock & Roll Hits is a rare mail-order album issued by Adam VIII consisting of rough mixes of John Lennon's Rock 'n' Roll album. It was available through television sale for three days in January 1975 before Lennon and Apple/EMI pulled it off the market. Lennon then rush-released his official version in February 1975.
 Seattle Syndrome Volume One is a compilation of Seattle-based bands and artists released on vinyl and cassette in late 1981 on Engram Records.
 Listen is an album recorded and released by Jordan Rudess in 1993.This is Rudess' second studio album his first being Arrival released in 1988. In 1994 Jordan was named Best New Talent by Keyboard Magazine. The award was given to him based upon his live performances and this album.
 My Dear Machine is an EP by the Indie pop band Sixpence None the Richer released on the music website NoiseTrade in summer 2008 although it was discontinued from the site in early 2009. This is the band's first official release in the 4 years since The Best of Sixpence None the Richer in 2004. My Dear Machine Sooner Than Later and Amazing Grace (Give It Back) would later appear on the band's 2012 album Lost in Transition.
 Fallen Sanctuary is the second full-length studio album by symphonic metal band Serenity released on August 27 2008 in Finland; August 29 2008 in Serenity's home country Austria and Germany. The album was released in the rest of Europe on September 1st and in the US and Canada on September 9th. The only single from Fallen Sanctuary is Velatum.The album marks the turning point of the band from a power metal group to a symphonic/melodic metal.
 The Legacy Continues... is the fourth studio album by Canadian hip hop duo Dream Warriors released July 9 2002 on ISBA/BMG Music exclusively in Canada. It spawned the singles Road of Many Signs Breathe or Die and Unstoppable. NOW magazine gave the album a 3 out of 5 rating calling it another set of jazzy loose-limbed hiphop that skips from beats and rhymes to UK garage Swizz Beatz-style bumps and dancehall.
 Subconscious Terror is the debut album by the death metal band Benediction. It was released on Nuclear Blast in 1990. It was re-issued together with the Dark Is the Season EP by Nuclear Blast in 1998.
 Take Me Round Again is The Fiery Furnaces' ninth album. It was first released in MP3 format through Thrill Jockey Records in November of 2009. The album is being described as The Friedbergers cover the Friedbergersin reference to core members and siblings Matthew and Eleanor Friedberger.
 Bob's Car is an album by the band Cracker released to fan club members in January 1995.
 Robinja (English translation: Slave) is the thirteenth studio album of Bosnian singer Halid Bešlić. It was released in 1999.
 TV Eye Live 1977 or (TV Eye) is a live album by Iggy Pop originally released in 1978. Iggy took a $90 000 advance from RCA Records to finish out his contract with a live album. According to allmusic.com the album was assembled from soundboard tapes. Iggy Pop doctored them in a German studio quickly and cheaply for around $5000.
 Evil or Divine – Live in New York City is a video album by the American heavy metal band Dio recorded in New York City in 2002 and released on DVD in 2003. It was also released on CD as a live album in 2005.
 Play 'n' the Game is the eighth studio album by the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth released in 1976.
 50th Birthday Celebration Volume 1 is a live album by the Masada String Trio documenting their performance at Tonic in September 2003 as part of John Zorn's month-long 50th Birthday Celebration concert series.
 Do What You Want is an album released in 1999 by New Zealand band Garageland by recording label Flying Nun Records.
 Ella and Basie! is a 1963 (see 1963 in music) studio album by Ella Fitzgerald accompanied by the Count Basie Orchestra with arrangements by Quincy Jones. It was later reissued with slightly different cover art as On the Sunny Side of the Street.
 In Search of Ahmad Shah Masood is an album by Muslimgauze.
 Lullabies is an EP by Scottish alternative rock band Cocteau Twins. It was released on 1 October 1982 just a few months after their debut studio album. The EP contains three non-album tracks and features louder and more driving sound than the album.
 Pasadena is Ozma's fourth full length studio album.
 Audio is the debut album by Blue Man Group and was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance. It was released in 1999 by Virgin Records.This album was released in two versions: The DVD had 5.1-channel versions of the music in both DVD-Video (using Dolby Digital) and DVD-Audio formats (one on each side) and a CD that had a 2-channel stereo mix of each track.A behind the scenes video of the album is viewable on a promotional 2000 VHS known as Audio Video.
 Notorious Lightning and Other Works is an EP by Destroyer released in 2005. After shocking many fans by supporting the synth driven album Your Blues with the avant-guitar band Frog Eyes Dan Bejar decided to put to tape some of the very different versions of songs from Your Blues. Similar versions of these songs are currently streaming from CBC Radio Three.
 Wishes: A Holiday Album is the third Christmas album by saxophonist Kenny G. It was released by Arista Records in 2002 and peaked at number 1 on the Contemporary Jazz chart number 2 on the Contemporary Jazz Albums chart number 29 on the Billboard 200 number 34 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and number 64 on the Internet Albums chart. It was the second best-selling Christmas album in the US for 2002 with sales of 501000 copies for the year.
 Best of Crystal Kay is Crystal Kay's second greatest hits album. It was released on September 2 2009. The release of this album marked the 10th anniversary of Kay's career in the music industry on the label Sony Music Entertainment Japan. This compilation consists of Kay's hit songs and more as well as a third disc with new tracks.The album was certified Gold for shipment of 100000 copies.
 Live Life Living is the fifth studio album by British recording artist Example. It will be released on 30 June 2014 through Epic Records.
 Soho Stories is a 2001 studio album by Ian Shaw.
 Loses Control is the second and final full-length album by Hey Mercedes. It was recorded in 2003 shortly before the band broke up. Afterwards lead vocalist and guitarist Bob Nanna began recording again under his solo outfit The City on Film which led to an album released on Grand Theft Autumn Records titled In Formal Introduction in 2005. This is the same record label that also released Hey Mercedes' final EP Unorchestrated in the same year.
 My Oracle Lives Uptown is the tenth album by British electronic musician and record producer William Orbit. It has been released digitally on 4 May 2009 on Kobalt Digital as a 12-track limited edition. It was released as a physical CD on 8 June 2009 with 16 tracks. The 16 track version has been released as a Studio Master quality digital download and on deluxe Double 180g vinyl by Linn Records.
 Pheromones is the first album released by the Norwegian band Animal Alpha. The track Bundy was featured in the video games NHL 06 and Burnout Revenge for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 and Burnout Legends for the PSP. Bundy is also included in the end credits of the film Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters but is not included in the film's soundtrack.
 Live from London EP is the first live EP by rock band Stereophonics. It was released exclusively to the iTunes Store as part of the Live from London series. The band performed at the Apple Store in Regent Street London to 250 people on 19 April 2005. It was the first time a band had performed there and released songs recorded there.
 Sandy & Papo MC is Sandy & Papo's debut album.
 Chaos Born is the fifth full-length album by the Finnish melodic black metal band Catamenia. It was released on May 26 2003 through Massacre Records.
 Tongues is the eighth studio album by Esham released in 2001. The album was also the final album Esham would release on Gothom until Sacrificial Lambz in 2008. The album also marked the return of an old horror/devil sound for Esham.
 Love Is Always Seventeen is the sixth solo album by David Gates of Bread. It came after a 13 year break from recording.
 Vive en mí (English: Live in me) is the ninth studio album by the Mexican pop singer Mijares. This album was released on August 9 1994. It was produced by Oscar López and recorded in New York. The album includes some covers of Italian songs and some famous songwriters provides his themes like Pablo Milanés Lolita de la Colina Renato Mares Luis Gomez Escolar and Gerardo Flores.[1]
 VH1 Divas Live 2: An Honors Concert for VH1's Save the Music aired live from New York’s Beacon Theatre on April 13 1999.
 Lie Lover Lie is the second album by The Blood Arm. It was released in 2006.
 Crampe en masse et le hot dog géant is the name of the fifth album by québécois comedy duo Crampe en masse and the first containing comedy sketchs as well as some songs.
 Sugarbaby is the third extended play album from American rock ensemble Morningwood. The song Sugarbaby is featured in episode Drama Follows Them for television show The Hills in addition to being the theme song for television program You're Cut Off!.
 This Woman is the second studio album by American country music artist K. T. Oslin. It was released by RCA Nashville in 1988. Money Hold Me Hey Bobby the title track and Didn't Expect It to Go Down This Way were released as singles. The album reached #2 on the Top Country Albums chart and has been certified Platinum by the RIAA.
 High Voltage is the first internationally released album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It contains tracks from their first two Australia-only issued albums High Voltage and T.N.T. (both from 1975). Originally released on Atlantic Records this edition of High Voltage has proven popular selling three million units in the US alone.
 The Original Fleetwood Mac is a compilation album by blues rock band Fleetwood Mac first released in 1971. It consists of various outtakes recorded by the first incarnation of the band in 1967–68. The album was re-released in 2000 with four extra tracks and re-released in 2004 with seven further tracks.
 I Am Come is the second album by the band[citation needed] Part Chimp. It was released in 2005 on the Rock Action Records label most commonly associated with the post-rock band Mogwai.
 Blinded by Science was a successful 1982 EP by new wave/synthpop artist Thomas Dolby made up of extended 12 single versions of songs from the 1982 album The Golden Age of Wireless. Four of the recordings had previously been released as two separate 12 remix discs in the UK -- She Blinded Me With Science with One of Our Submarines and Windpower with Flying North (these two discs were also released as 7 singles containing their shorter versions).
 No Shame is the fourth album and major label debut by Hawaiian band Pepper. Released on October 3 2006 through Atlantic Records it features production from Nick Hexum of 311 Tony Kanal of No Doubt and Sublime producer Paul Leary.They recorded a video for the first single No Control.The album was re-released in Japan on July 9 2008 on Powerslave Records and includes two bonus tracks and a DVD featuring music videos for No Control and Your Face.
 The Lovin' Spoonful Anthology is a compilation album by the folk rock group The Lovin' Spoonful released in 1990.The Lovin' Spoonful Anthology focuses mainly on The Lovin' Spoonful's 1965-1966 releases with a few obscure tracks such as Pow! from their What's Up Tiger Lily? soundtrack and Good Time Music an early song found on a label sampler. All the band's biggest hits are included as well as a booklet with comments about the songs from John Sebastian.
 Ionia is the third studio album by the American Dark Wave band Lycia released on 1991 through Projekt Records.
 Time's Up is the second album by Living Colour released on August 20 1990. It was the follow-up to the successful Vivid. The album features a wide range of genres and also includes cameo appearances by Queen Latifah Little Richard Doug E. Fresh Maceo Parker and James Earl Jones. After the album was released it reached gold status peaked at #13 on the Billboard 200 and later won a Grammy for best hard rock album of the year.
 Hydeout Productions 1st Collection is a compilation album the first album released by Nujabes' Hydeout Productions. It showcases Nujabes' style of combining the music genres of hip hop and jazz and features artists Funky DL Apani B Substantial Shing02 L-Universe Pase Rock Five Deez and Cise Starr.Hydeout Productions 1st Collection received critical praise.
 First Duo Concert is an album by American jazz saxophonist Anthony Braxton and British guitarist Derek Bailey recorded in 1974 at the Wigmore Hall in London and released on the Emanem label.
 Ship Ahoy is a rhythm and blues album by Philadelphia soul group The O'Jays released on November 10 1973 on Philadelphia International Records.
 Spelled in Bones is the third album by American folk-rock band Fruit Bats released in 2005.
 Deep Purple in Concert is an live album by the English hard rock band Deep Purple recorded by the BBC for their In Concert live series in 1970 and 1972. First released in 1980 in the UK with the current US edition being made available in 2001.
 Spring of Two Blue J's is a live album by Cecil Taylor recorded at The Town Hall in New York City in November 1973 and originally released on Taylor's Unit Core label and rereleased on the Jazz View label. The LP features one side-long solo performance by Taylor and one side-long quartet performance with Jimmy Lyons Sirone and Andrew Cyrille.
 Odd Look is a 2013 EP by French electronic musician Kavinsky containing 6 different remixes of his track Odd Look from his album OutRun.
 The Veer Union is an EP by Canadian alternative rock band The Veer Union. Is the first release before their debut album Against the Grain and it contains alternate versions of songs on their debut album and unreleased songs as well.
 GRITS's album Grammatical Revolution was released in 1999 on Gotee Records. The song They All Fall Down won a Dove Award for Rap/Hip Hop Recorded Song in 2000.
 Keep Swingin is the debut album led by American jazz trombonist Julian Priester which was recorded in 1960 for the Riverside label.
 On Stage Vol. 3 is a live album by saxophonist Clifford Jordan which was recorded in Holland in 1975 and first released on the SteepleChase label in 1979.
 Don't Talk About This Love is the first EP by Nikola Rachelle released in 2006. It was released exclusively to the iTunes Music Store. It is her first release. The title track was co-written with Chris Braide (who has written for Will Young Westlife JLS and Diana Vickers) and later covered by Cheryl Cole for her debut solo album 3 Words.
 Hot Skunx / Zorillos Calliente is the second studio album by American drag queen Tammie Brown released on March 11 2014. It included a cover of Kenny Rogers and Dottie West's 1978 single Anyone Who Isn't Me Tonight.
 Load is the sixth studio album by American heavy metal band Metallica. Released on June 4 1996 through Elektra Records it sold 680000 units in its first week (making it the biggest opening week for Metallica) and the biggest debut of 1996. Load debuted (and spent four consecutive weeks) at #1 on Billboard 200. The album has sold over five million copies in United States and is certified 5x platinum by the RIAA.
 Express is the second studio album by English alternative rock band Love and Rockets. It was released on 15 September 1986 on Beggars Banquet Records.
 João Voz e Violão (Portuguese for João: voice and acoustic guitar) is a bossa nova album by João Gilberto released in 2000 winner 2001 Grammy Award for Best World Music Album. Recording very little in the 1990s this album is João Gilberto's first studio album since 1991's João.
 Caught in the Game is the fourth album by American rock band Survivor released in October 1983. It features guest appearances by Mr. Mister's Richard Page and REO Speedwagon's Kevin Cronin. It was also the band's last album with lead vocalist Dave Bickler who left due to vocal surgery; he rejoined the band from 1993 to 2000 and again in 2013.The album was one of the many Survivor albums briefly taken out of print in 2009.
 Kate and Her Septep is the debut album recorded by Australian artist Kate Ceberano. and peaked at #17 in Australia.
 Poirt an Phiobaire is a 1983 solo release by uillean piper and whistle player Paddy Keenan.
 Uta Sagashi: Request Cover Album (歌さがし ～リクエストカバーアルバム～ Song Search: Request Cover Album) is Rimi Natsukawa's first full-length cover album released on November 21 2007 (2007-11-21).Her cover of 'S Wonderful was used as the Everio camcorder commercial song.
 Argus is the third album by the rock band Wishbone Ash. It is the most popular Wishbone Ash album and widely considered their greatest by fans and reviewers. It was named Album of the Year in the 1972 year-end issue of Sounds magazine. The album features a blend of progressive rock folk and hard rock and is considered a landmark album in the progression of twin-lead guitar harmonisation later adopted by bands such as Thin Lizzy and Iron Maiden.
 Bag of Oats is an EP by the Australian folk punk band Mutiny. It was released in 2002 by Haul Away Records.
 Sutter Kain Presents Cyco the Snuff Reels is the fifth album by american horrorcore group Insane Poetry. This album marked a new direction in the group’s style with lead emcee Cyco the only remaining member rhyming over tracks that use samples from metalcore songs courtesy of Queens New York-based producer DJ Bless aka Sutter Kain who previously worked with such artists as Lil' Kim and Mystikal.
 Relix's Best of the Early New Riders of the Purple Sage is an album by the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage. It was released on August 5 1995.
 Manfred Mann's Earth Band is the debut album released in 1972 by Manfred Mann's Earth Band.
 Gnu High is an LP by Canadian Kenny Wheeler featuring Keith Jarrett Dave Holland and Jack DeJohnette recorded in 1975 and released on the ECM label in 1976. The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos calls the album an auspicious starting point albeit long winded for a magical performer whose sound and smarts captured the imagination of so many fellow musicians and listeners from this point onward.
 Girls' Generation Asia Tour Into the New World is the first Asian concert tour of South Korean girl group Girls' Generation. It commenced with two shows in December 2009 in Seoul followed by two encore shows in February 2010 before the Asian legs in Shanghai and Taipei.
 For Those Who Have Heart is the second studio album by American metalcore/pop punk band A Day to Remember and their first for Victory. It was released on January 22 2007 by Victory. For the album the band had a line-up change swapping drummer Bobby Scruggs for Alex Shelnutt. It charted at number 17 on the Heatseekers Album Chart in the U.S. The music video for The Plot to Bomb the Panhandle was released a month later.
 Una Lágrima No Basta (Eng.: A Tear Is Not Enough) is a studio album released by the romantic music band Los Temerarios. This album became their third number-one album in the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart.
 Teen Witch the Musical soundtrack album was released as a precursor to a Broadway-bound musical based upon the ongoing popularity of the musical offerings in the 1989 box-office bomb Teen Witch.Teen Witch experienced decades of renewed interest with television reruns inclusion on a legacy list of Halloween television programming and with midnight theater screenings becoming social events.
 Live on Two Legs is the first major live album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam released on November 24 1998 through Epic Records. The album has been certified platinum by the RIAA in the United States.
 Introversion is the sixth album by EBM group A Split-Second. It consists of unreleased and live material.
 The Fat Boys Are Back is the second hip-hop album by The Fat Boys released in 1985.
 Gold is a two-disc compilation album by Bob Marley and the Wailers that was released on the Island Records label in 2005. The compilation is intended to be a career-spanning retrospective and no fewer than two songs are selected from each of Bob Marley and the Wailers' albums with the company.
 Tutuki is the fourth album released in 2004 by the Oceanic group Te Vaka. It features the song Tamahana which won first place in the world music category of the 2008 International Songwriting Competition. and first place in the International category of the Australian Songwriting Association competition. This is the first of Te Vaka's albums to win the Best Pacific Album at the New Zealand Music Awards.
 Under and In is the only album by the shoegaze band Glifted.
 The Lost Chords is a live album by American composer bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley with Andy Sheppard Steve Swallow and Billy Drummond recorded in Europe in 2003 and released on the Watt/ECM label in 2004.
 Antares is the second studio album by Swiss heavy metal band Sybreed released across Europe on October 1 2007 through Listenable Records. The album was released to the US on August 15 2008 through Koch Entertainment.
 Act I is the first album by the progressive bluegrass band The Seldom Scene. It is regarded one of the best and most influential albums ever recorded in the genre.
 Good Girl Gone Bad is the debut album by Mia X which was released on November 21 1995 on No Limit Records distributed by Priority/EMI Records and produced by Master P KLC Ken K-Lou Franklin Mobey Dick and Tre 8.
 The Sky's the Limit is the fifth and final album by The Dynamic Superiors released on the Venture label in 1980. It was available in very limited quantities and is extremely hard to find. This is the only recording with Tony Washington's replacement singer Tony Camillo. The sessions would later be released on CD in 2003 by P-Vine Records.
 God Save The Clean is a New Zealand tribute compilation album featuring artist who are under the record label Flying Nun Records amongst others performing songs by New Zealand rock band The Clean. The album was released in 1997.
 An Acoustic Evening With is a live album by Ani DiFranco. It was recorded Live in Renton Washington on July 14 1994 and released sometime in 1994.
 Nuclear Winter is the first full length album by The Lonely Forest. It was released on August 4 2007. The album is a concept album about the end of the world and the escape from destruction through space travel. It was written by The Lonely Forest with the lyrics and story by John Van Deusen. It was produced by Sam Winston and The Lonely Forest. The piano used in this recording was a 1901 Bechstein.
 The Trio is a 1961 live album by the Oscar Peterson Trio recorded at the London House jazz club in Chicago.Three other albums were recorded by Peterson and his trio at the London House Something Warm The Sound of the Trio and Put On a Happy Face. The complete music recorded by the trio at these sessions was released in 1997.
 Living Ornaments '80 is a live album by British musician Gary Numan first released in 1981. It was also issued as a limited edition box set with Living Ornaments '79 the same year. The original release was recorded at the Hammersmith Odeon on 16 September 1980 as a record of Numan's Teletour (September-November 1980).An expanded and remastered version was reissued on a double CD in 2005.
 Tri-Angle is the debut studio album by South Korean pop group TVXQ released on October 11 2004 by S.M. Entertainment. It sold 242540 copies and became the eighth most successful album of the year in South Korea. The first single Hug debuted with 169532 copies sold in 2004 peaking at number four on the national monthly chart. As of 2014 it sold 242890 copies.
 Mr Kneebone is the third EP by Australian rock band Powderfinger. It was released after their first full length studio album Parables for Wooden Ears and prior to follow-up album Double Allergic. It contains five songs none of which were included on either album. As a short run EP Mr Kneebone did not sell large quantities however is considered to be the turning point in Powderfinger's song writing career.
 Popsmear is an album by the band Filthy Lucre.
 Boats to Build is an album by American singer-songwriter Guy Clark released in 1992.Guests include Sam Bush Rodney Crowell Marty Stuart Emmylou Harris and Jerry Douglas.
 Soundtrack To The Personal Revolution is the debut full-length album for the band Burnt by the Sun released on Relapse Records.
 Encore: More Greatest Hits is the second major label compilation album by American folk rock duo America released by Rhino Records on June 24 1991.
 Back Around is an album by the Donna Jean Godchaux Band with Jeff Mattson. Band leader and vocalist Donna Jean Godchaux was formerly a member of the Grateful Dead. Lead guitarist Jeff Mattson who also sings on several of the tracks is a member of Dark Star Orchestra and the Zen Tricksters.
 Leonard Nimoy Presents Mr. Spock's Music From Outer Space is the debut album of Leonard Nimoy recorded in his Mr. Spock persona. It was released in June 1967 by Dot Records.
 Sweet Mama is the sixth full-length album by Canadian rock band The Respectables. It was released in 2009 by Universal Music Canada.The first single from this album was Sugar feat. Gordie Johnson and it was followed by Sweet Mama.
 Rendered Waters is the thirteenth album by American/German hard rock/Heavy Metal band Kingdom Come. All but three tracks on this disc are old material from previous albums.
 Flood is the second album by Israeli singer-songwriter Keren Peles. In September 2008 the album had sold more than 20000 copies making it Keren Peles' second gold album in Israel.
 Rappa Mundi is the second album by Brazilian band O Rappa. It was produced by Arnolpho Lima Filho (Liminha). It is distributed through Warner Music.
 Snakes for the Divine is the fifth studio album by High on Fire.
 Careless World: Rise of the Last King is the second studio album by American rapper Tyga. It is his first album under a major label after his independent release No Introduction. Production for the album took place during 2009 to 2012 and was handled by Jess Jackson Arthur McArthur Pharrell Williams Boi-1da and Noah 40 Shebib among others. The album was released on February 21 2012 on Young Money Entertainment Cash Money Records and Universal Republic Records.
 High Society is the second album from the Welsh drum and bass producer High Contrast released in 2004 on the Hospital Records label.
 Bir Küçük Aşk (English: A Small Love) is İzel's third studio album. All of the lyrics were written by Altan Çetin. Yok Yere has made a huge success all over Turkey.
 Profiled is an interview album by English rock group Led Zeppelin released by Atlantic Records on 21 September 1990. Profiled was a promo-only interview CD made to accompany the recently released Led Zeppelin box set. In 1992 it was commercially released as part of the special edition Led Zeppelin Remasters boxed set.
 Hello Angel is an original album by British singer Sandie Shaw released in 1988.
 Dead End EP was released by Kristofer Åström together with Hidden Truck in 2003 on Startracks.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by British rock band Smokie released in April 1977. It contains all eight of the band's singles up to that date. All but one of the tracks (Back to Bradford) were written by Nicky Chinn and Mike Chapman.The album was a commercial success throughout Europe. It reached No. 6 in the UK Albums Chart spending five months there and ultimately gaining a Silver status in Britain.
 Duces 'n Trayz: The Old Fashioned Way is the second and final studio album by American rap group Tha Eastsidaz released on July 30 2001. The album features the single I Luv It and includes the song Crip Hop which was also featured in the film Baby Boy and the corresponding soundtrack.The album had peaked the Billboard 200 at 4th place after a solid sales of 116000 CDs delivered and stayed on the chart for nine consecutive weeks.
 The Red Sun was a 1992 Chinese modern pop-music album covering odes to Mao Zedong with a disco beat. Following the success of the album 4 more volumes were later issued.The full title was The Red Sun: Odes to Mao Zedong Uninterrupted Songs in New Rhythm (红太阳-毛泽东颂歌新节奏联唱 Hong taiyang: Mao Zedong songge xin jiezou lianchang).
 Jazz ...It's Magic! is an album by American trombonist Curtis Fuller recorded in 1957 and released on the Regent label a subsidiary of Savoy Records.
 Nite City is the first album by Nite City a band that included former Doors' member Ray Manzarek.
 A Study in Jazz is the fourth album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris and the first to feature his compositions predominantly recorded in 1962 and released on the Vee-Jay label.
 The Fabulous Chi-Ali is the first and only album by rapper Chi-Ali a member of the Native Tongues.
 Gathering of Freaks is the second album from the Heavy Metal band Freak of Nature fronted by former White Lion lead singer Mike Tramp. The album was released in 1994 and spent one week at #66 on the UK Albums Chart in October 1994. It was the band's only UK chart presence. The album was recorded in Canoga Park California and North Hollywood California.
 Sabrana dela (trans. Collected Works) is a 7 piece box set from the Serbian hard rock band Kerber released in 2009. Sabrana dela features all six Kerber studio albums remastered and the track Sveti Nikola on the seventh disc.
 Fred Frihet & Alt Gratis (peace freedom & everything free) is an album released by the Norwegian hip hop group Gatas Parlament.
 Queen Live at Golders Green Hippodrome is a live performance of the band Queen which was recorded at the Golders Green Hippodrome in London on 13 September 1973 and broadcast on BBC Radio 1 as part of its In Concert series on 20 October 1973.There are several bootleg soundboard recordings of this broadcast known variously as Live at Golders Green Hippodrome 1973 and Queen Will Be Crowned.
 Aria of the Devil is the second of two studio albums by Theatre of Hate released posthumously after the band's dissolution in 1983.
 I-Ternal Fire is reggae dancehall artist Capleton's twentieth studio album. It was released on July 6 2010. The album is a mix of dancehall and reggae.
 Analogy is the first studio album by the band Analogy. The album was reissued in 2004 on Akarma Records.
 Future Blues is the fifth album by Canned Heat released in 1970. It was the last to feature the band's classic lineup as Larry Taylor and Harvey Mandel departed soon after its release and songwriter Alan Wilson died later that year. It was also the only classic-era Canned Heat album to feature Mandel as Henry Vestine had been the lead guitarist on the previous albums. Their cover of Let's Work Together by Wilbert Harrison became a hit. London Blues features Dr. John.
 Lion of Judas is the second album by deathcore band Elysia. The album has a large change in style compared to the band's previous album drawing heavy influence from Converge Botch and Cave In. It was released on June 10 2008 on Ferret Records. The album was leaked to P2P file sharing networks in early May 2008.
 Remix Collection is a rare CD only released in Japan containing special alternate versions of songs from CeCe Peniston's first two albums Finally and Thought 'Ya Knew. Many of these versions were exclusively available on vinyl and were never released on CD.
 Kooper Session is the second-in-line of the Super Session albums featuring singer-songwriter Al Kooper.
 Thunder Party is a 2008 album by Cantopop singer Sherman Chung.
 Songs from the Other Side is a compilation album featuring selected B-sides released by the British alternative rock band The Charlatans during their time on the Beggars Banquet label from 1990–1997. The album was released on 20 May 2002.
 Maserati VII is an album by Maserati. The band's fifth major album it was released on October 2 2012.
 David Cook is the first major-label album from seventh season American Idol winner David Cook. The album was released on November 18 2008 in the United States was certified platinum and has sold over one million copies in the United States. It has produced two top twenty singles Light On and Come Back To Me. The single The Time of My Life has also been certified platinum by the RIAA. Light On was certified platinum in January 2010.
 Hell on Stage is the tenth album by heavy metal band Manowar recorded live on the Hell on Stage world tour in 1998.
 Blues Caravan is a 1962 studio album by Buddy Rich and a sextet. Rich later took this sextet on a United States Department of State tour of the Far East and Asia.
 Morbid Visions is the debut album by Brazilian thrash metal band Sepultura released in 1986 through Cogumelo Records. While later albums have a more political edge Morbid Visions (along with the Bestial Devastation EP) is notable for Satanic themes. The band said many lyrics were fashioned after those of Venom and Celtic Frost as they could not write in English at this point.
 Wake Up is an extended play (EP) by the British rapper Sway. It was released on 20 October 2013 through 3Beat under exclusive license to All Around the World. The title track is produced by BBC Radio 1 DJ Zane Lowe. No Sleep featuring KSI and Tigger Da Author has received widespread recognition from KSI's YouTube fanbase. An official music video for the song premiered on 20 October 2013 and in two days had accumulated almost a million views.
 Cantares del Subdesarrollo is an album released by Panamanian singer-songwriter Rubén Blades in August 17 2009. The album earned Blades a Latin Grammy Award for Best Singer-Songwriter Album.
 The Strangest Day is the second album by Jonah33. It was released on December 27 2005 through 7Spin Music.
 Three Chord Country and American Rock & Roll is the debut album of American country music artist Keith Anderson. It features the singles Pickin' Wildflowers XXL Every Time I Hear Your Name and Podunk all of which charted in the Top 40 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.
 The Best Of Johnny Farnham is the first compilation album by Australian singer Johnny Farnham it was released on World Record Club in 1971. Sadie (The Cleaning Lady) was first released in November 1967 and peaked at #1 on the Go-Set National Singles Charts for five weeks early in 1968. His cover of the B. J. Thomas hit Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head had been released in November 1969 and peaked at #1 for seven weeks in January–March 1970.
 Closing Down the Pattern Department is Daphne Loves Derby's debut EP. It features Come Winter which was previously released on their internet-only debut Daphne Loves Derby. We Bet the Willing was originally recorded by Kenny Choi in his solo project Desperado Revenge. The original release of Closing Down the Pattern Department did not feature These Ghosts My Hopes The Sand The Sea.
 A Walk Across the Rooftops is the debut album from Glaswegian adult contemporary/pop group The Blue Nile released on 30 April 1984 on Linn Records in the UK and on A&M Records in the US. Although the album was released to little fanfare and was not a big hit on its initial release it slowly accumulated fans and sales through word of mouth as the years passed and by the time the follow-up Hats was released in 1989 A Walk Across the Rooftops had sold 80000 copies.
 Full Blown Possession is the fifth full-length album by Memphis indie rock band The Grifters.
 Kronet Til Konge (Norwegian for Crowned To Be King) is the debut studio album by Norwegian black metal band Dødheimsgard. It was released in 1995 through Malicious Records. Kronet Til Konge was re-released in 1999 on Century Media Records.
 Kingsize is the sixth and final album by The Boo Radleys. Released in 1998 The band broke up shortly after the album's release.US versions of the album included the song Put Your Arms Around Me And Tell Me Everything's Going To Be OK.
 Traditional Chilean songs is the first album by the folk music artist Rolando Alarcón.
 There And Now: Live in Vancouver 1968 [sic] was a 1990 (or early 1991) archival release of a concert by Phil Ochs in Vancouver British Columbia Canada at the PNE Garden Auditorium on Thursday March 13 1969. Performing solo with guitar (except on The Bells where Allen Ginsberg played the bells) Ochs was worn weary and despairing in the aftermath of the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago.
 Filth is a comedy album by comedian Andrew Dice Clay which was released in 1999.
 These Iron Bones is an EP by progressive rock band 3. It was released on May 8 2007 exclusively on iTunes. The first track (These Iron Bones) was later released on the band's next full-length album The End is Begun while the second track (One Way Town) had already appeared on the band's previous studio album Wake Pig. The third and final track on the EP is an acoustic version of Dregs a song which has appeared on Summercamp Nightmare as well as Wake Pig.
 The Best Days of My Life is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released in January 1979 by Columbia Records. It made its first appearance on Billboard magazine's Top LP's & Tapes chart in the issue dated February 24 1979 and remained there for seven weeks peaking at number 122.
 Piano Improvisations Vol. 2 is an album recorded by Chick Corea and released in 1972.The album along with its counterpart Piano Improvisations Vol. 1 was recorded over the course of two days in Oslo Norway. The two albums in the Piano Improvisations series serve as a sort of bridge between Corea's other works in Circle and Return to Forever. In addition to seven original pieces written by Corea he interprets Wayne Shorter's Masqualero and Thelonious Monk's Trinkle Tinkle.
 Skalleluia Too! is the fourth full length album by the Christian ska band The Insyderz. Released on 26 October 1999 it is the second of their albums dedicated to ska renditions of worship songs. It offers a greater variety of musical influences when compared to Skalleluia!.
 Against the Grain is a 1975 studio album by Irish musician Rory Gallagher. It was his first album with his new record company Chrysalis. The album is mostly new songs written by Gallagher as well as some classic blues and R&B numbers. In contrast to previous studio albums by Gallagher it received very favorable reviews.
 WAO!! is the second album by Japanese ska band OreSkaBand released on May 23 2007. WAO!! stands for We Are Oreskaband!!
 Crazy Honey Bunny is the first mini-album and second ever release from the Japanese punk rock band 54 Nude Honeys released on October 1 1995 by Epic Sony/dohb Discs.
 The 2003 film Freaky Friday included a soundtrack which featured songs by various artists. The album was called a mixed bag by allmusic which specifically cited American Hi-Fi The Art of Losing The Donnas' Backstage Andrew W.K.'s She Is Beautiful and Joey Ramone's What a Wonderful World as good and strongly criticizes the rest of the album. The album was certified Gold and sold over 650000 to date.
 Ride the Tiger released in 1986) was the debut album of the Hoboken-based alternative rock band Yo La Tengo. The song Big Sky is a cover of The Kinks' song from their album The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society. The song A House Is Not a Motel is a cover of Love's song from their album Forever Changes.
 Black Brown and Beige is a 1958 jazz album by Duke Ellington and his orchestra featuring Mahalia Jackson.The album is a recording of a revised version of Ellington's Black Brown and Beige suite. After a disappointing critical response to its first performance in 1943 Ellington divided the three-part suite into six shorter sections leaving in Come Sunday and Work Song and it is this version that is recorded here.
 Sailing the Seas of Cheese is the second studio album and major-label debut by Primus released on May 14 1991. It spawned three singles: Jerry Was a Race Car Driver Tommy the Cat and Those Damned Blue-Collar Tweekers. Jerry Was a Race Car Driver appeared in both the video games Tony Hawk's Pro Skater and Rock Band 3 while American Life appears in Tony Hawk's Project 8.
 Echoes: The Best of Pink Floyd is a compilation album by Pink Floyd. It was released by EMI Records in the United Kingdom on 5 November 2001 and the following day in the United States through Capitol Records. It debuted at number 2 on the Billboard 200 album chart on 24 November 2001 with sales of 214650 copies. It remained on the chart for 26 weeks. The album was certified Gold Platinum and Double Platinum on 6 December 2001 in the US by the RIAA.
 Hot Shots is the debut compilation album by the Canadian rock band Trooper released in 1979. The album consists of the band's most popular songs with some modifications. Hot Shots broke all records for Canadian sales of a Canadian album reaching quadruple-platinum.
 R.A.W is the second studio album by rapper Daz Dillinger. It was released on August 29 2000 through D.P.G. Recordz.
 Disorganized Fun is the second album released by American producer Ronald Jenkees. The album was released independently and is available on Jenkees' website along with his first album Ronald Jenkees. The album consists of electronic hip hop based instrumentals (with the exception of Let's Ride and It's Getting Rowdy which are rapped by Jenkees). It was produced on FL Studio using Korg Triton LE and Yamaha Motif XS8 keyboards.
 Fiskales Ad-Hok is the second album of the band Chilean Fiskales Ad-Hok and their first release on a major label. After participating opening for the band The Ramones in Santiago in 1992 there were many offers from record companies to record an album. Fiskales Ad-Hok signed with La Batuta Records under which only throw this album.
 Eternity: Love & Songs is the first cover album by Japanese pop star Kumi Koda. It contains hip-hop and electronic arrangements of mostly older songs from the 1970s to the 1990s as well as a cover her sister misono's 2010 single 0-ji Mae no Tsunderera. The album was originally announced to feature Katte ni Shiyagare by Kenji Sawada but this was later removed for reasons unknown.The Album is certified Gold for shipment of 100000 copies.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest is the soundtrack for the Disney film of the same title Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest. The score was composed by Hans Zimmer in 2006. The soundtrack is much more experimental than the soundtrack to the first Pirates of the Caribbean film. Curse of the Black Pearl utilizing pipe organs musical box and electronic beats.
 High Life is the second album by Frankie Miller. It was produced by Allen Toussaint who also composed seven songs on the album.
 Elephants Only Talk Occasionally is the first of three studio albums released by EOTO. It was recorded in the studio in Boulder CO. Before EOTO had ever played a live show. The title of the album has been speculated to be a reference to a recently found form of communication among elephants which involves the creation of subsonic tones (15–35 Hz) that can be picked up by distant neighboring herds. (For more info see Elephant Communication).
 Wild Young Hearts is the second album by British indie soul group Noisettes released in the United Kingdom on 20 April 2009 by Vertigo Records and the United States on 22 September 2009 by Mercury Records. Three singles were released from the album – Wild Young Hearts Don't Upset the Rhythm (Go Baby Go) and Never Forget You with Every Now and Then meant to be released as the fourth single but was cancelled.
 Pala is the second album from British alternative dance band Friendly Fires. It was released in the UK on 16 May 2011 and charted at number 6 on the UK Albums Chart. The album name comes from Aldous Huxley's final novel Island which tells the story of a journalist shipwrecked on the fictional island of Pala which supports a utopian society. The parrot photograph was chosen from the private collection of Norwegian fashion photographer Sølve Sundsbø.
 Good Gracious! is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label in 1963 and performed by Donaldson with Grant Green Big John Patton and Ben Dixon.
 Tomorrow's Harvest is the fourth studio album by the Scottish electronic music duo Boards of Canada released on 5 June 2013 on Warp. Band members Mike Sandison and Marcus Eoin began composing and recording the album following the release of The Campfire Headphase (2005) and the expansion of their studio at Hexagon Sun near Pentland Hills. The duo continued recording intermittently until late 2012 when large parts of the album were recorded.
 Perfect Balance is the fourth album from British progressive rock band Balance of Power. It was released in 2001 and is the last album to feature lead singer Lance King.
 Last Date was a live Emmylou Harris album released in October 1982. Recorded at a series of honky tonks and other small venues on the west coast Harris conceived the album as a showcase for her Hot Band. It was composed mostly of country standards. Harris reached #1 on the U.S. country charts with the title single written by Floyd Cramer who originally took it to the top ten on the U.S. pop and country charts as an instrumental in 1960.
 Anatomize is the third album by American Progressive rock band Thanatopsis released on February 17 2006.
 Olympian is the 1995 debut album by British indie band Gene.The album reached #8 in the UK albums chart selling 70000 copies and gaining a silver disc.
 The Secret of Elena's Tomb is the EP follow up to Source Tags & Codes by Austin TX band ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead. The title is inspired by the story of Carl Tanzler.
 Angel: The Collection is the third greatest hits album and tenth album in total released by Angel listing 16 songs from their first five albums: Angel Helluva Band On Earth As It Is In Heaven White Hot and Sinful. It was released in 2000.The tracks were compiled by the rock journalist Dave Reynolds who also wrote the liner notes.
 Talvikuningas (2007) is an album by the Finnish rock group CMX. The title is Finnish and translates to The Winter King.Talvikuningas is CMX's first concept album. Although the CD is divided into 12 tracks they flow seamlessly into each other and the record is effectively one long song.The first limited edition of 8 000 copies of Talvikuningas was released on September 5 2007.
 Night and Day II is a 2000 album by Joe Jackson. It was a revisit of the style of a prior album Night and Day. The songs are about New York City lifestyle seen by different characters.
 Battle Born is the fourth studio album by American rock band The Killers released on September 17 2012 on Vertigo Records in the UK and the following day on Island Records in the US.
 Rollin' & Coastin' (In Search of America) is the first solo album released by London-based Irish musician Ron Kavana. The album was released on LP 1985 and compact disc by Appaloosa records in 1994 (AP 042-2). Released as a 1985 solo album the tracks were recorded in 1984. The first five tracks feature Kavana with Gary Rickard; the remaining four feature Kavana with his old band Juice On The Loose.
 Greatest Hits is Alien Ant Farm's first LP album released independently in 1999 on their own record label. Many of the songs were re-recorded on their later albums.Despite the album title this is not a compilation album.The song Slick Thief is a hidden track and an early version of the band's cover of the Michael Jackson classic Smooth Criminal.The album won best independent rock album at the L.A. Music Awards.Greatest Hits is now available at Alien Ant Farm's live shows.
 Out of the Wilderness is the 5th studio album by musical artist Robert Bradley's Blackwater Surprise which was released on April 21 2009 by independent record label Quarter 2 Three Records.
 A Song For All Seasons was a 1978 album by progressive rock band Renaissance. It marked the return of electric guitars to the band's music after several years of absence.
 Five Star - Performance is the name of a music DVD by 80s pop group Five Star. The DVD includes a photo gallery a discography section and bonus material from the US. Track listing is as follows:-1. Hide And Seek2. Crazy3. All Fall Down 4. Let Me Be The One5. Love Take Over6. RSVP7. System Addict8. Can't Wait Another Minute9. Find The Time10. Rain Or Shine11. If I Say Yes12. Stay Out Of My Life13. The Slightest Touch14. Whenever You're Ready15. Strong As Steel16. Somewhere Somebody17.
 Failure Of The Grand Design is the debut album from London-based band The Resonance Association and was released via Burning Shed in October 2007.
 Live at the Village Vanguard is a live album by American jazz trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie featuring performances recorded in 1967 at the Village Vanguard and originally released on three separate LPs on the Solid State label one under the Vanguard title and as two volumes entitled Jazz for a Summer Afternoon. The recordings were subsequently re-released in unedited form as a 2-CD set on the Blue Note label in 1993.
 Spirits is a double album by Keith Jarrett on which he performs vocals guitar glockenspiel soprano saxophone recorder piano tabla flutes and percussion which was recorded and released on the ECM label in 1985.
 Wonderland is the second studio album by English pop rock band McFly. It was released in the United Kingdom on 29 August 2005 and was a success being certified platinum selling over 300000 copies in the UK. Despite being less of a success in the UK the album went on to match the worldwide sales of McFly's debut album Room on the 3rd Floor selling over one million copies.
 Noir is the second full-length album by the Finnish post-metal band Callisto.The record has had many problems and delays with its release. It was released in Finland by Fullsteam Records on time in May 2006; however worldwide release was not available until mid-February 2007 when the album was released in Belgium Canada Germany the Netherlands Italy Luxembourg and Sweden.
 Gangland is the twenty-third album by the band Kool and the Gang released in 2001 following a five-year gap between albums. The album was a compilation of rappers backed by Kool and the Gang remaking some of the band's songs. The song Jungle Boogie is remixed three times in the tracks Jungle in My House Concrete Jungle and Where da Boogie At?.
 Hourly Daily is an album by the Australian rock band You Am I released in July 1996. The album is Tim Rogers' portrait of Australian life spread across 15 tracks. Themes include childhood suburbia and relationships.
 Salt of the Earth is an album by Ricky Skaggs and The Whites released through Skaggs Family Records on September 25 2007. In 2008 the album won both a Grammy Award and a Dove Award for Best Southern/Country/Bluegrass album and Bluegrass Album of the Year respectively.
 16 Biggest Hits is a 2006 Charlie Daniels compilation album. It is part of a series of similar 16 Biggest Hits albums released by Legacy Recordings.
 End Hits is the fifth studio album by the American post-hardcore band Fugazi. It was recorded at Inner Ear Studios from March 1997 to September 1997 and produced by Don Zientara & Fugazi. It was released on April 28 1998 through Dischord Records. The album saw the band continuing with and expanding upon the in-studio experimentation of their previous album Red Medicine. Due to the title rumors began circulating at the time that it was to be the their last release.
 Somewhere Between a Rock and a Hard Place is the second studio album by the Swedish singer and songwriter Erik Grönwall who had won the Swedish Idol title in 2009.
 Protoytpe is the debut album from Canadian industrial/metal band Varga.
 Episode (エピソード Episōdo) is the second studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter and Sakerock frontman Gen Hoshino. It was released in Japan on 28 September 2011 on CD on Speedstar Records and Haruomi Hosono's Daisyworld Discs.Episode is the follow-up to Baka no Uta Hoshino's debut as a solo artist. It reached #5 at Oricon album charts. The only single from the album Kudaranai no Naka ni was released on CD on 2 March 2011.
 Live Facelift is a video released in 1991 by the American rock band Alice in Chains containing live footage of songs off of their debut album Facelift. The video has been certified gold by the RIAA with excess sales of 50000 copies.
 Telling Stories is the fifth album by American singer/songwriter Tracy Chapman released in 2000 (see 2000 in music). It was her first album in over four years and her first since Crossroads to be produced or co-produced by David Kershenbaum. A special 2CD tour edition of this album was also released in May 2000 supporting the tour going on at the time. The album is composed of contemporary rock songs in the first half and folk songs in the second half.
 Regie Sathanas: A Tribute to Cernunnos is an EP by Belgian black metal band Enthroned.
 Bystander is a six track extended play by Canadian alternative rock band Jets Overhead. The album was released on March 8 2011 and was produced with Neil Osborne of 54-40. The EP is currently only available as a digital download.
 So Runs the World Away is the sixth full-length studio album by American singer-songwriter Josh Ritter. It was released on vinyl record on April 17 2010 as a part of Record Store Day in the United States. The vinyl record came packaged with a CD version of the album as well. The official album release was April 23 2010 in Ireland and May 4 2010 worldwide.
 It's Only Natural is the second studio album released by American boy band Natural released via Sony BMG and Transcontinental Records in Germany on March 15 2004. The album was preceded by the release of the singles What If Let Me Just Fly and Just One Last Dance a collaboration with Sarah Connor. The album fared moderately and was later released in Japan but became the band's final album.
 The Hamburg Tapes is a live album released by the hard rock band Gotthard. The album was recorded April 22 1996 at the Hamburg Markthalle. The Compact Disc was officially released only in Asian markets.
 Tourist in Paradise is an album by the American Jazz group The Rippingtons released in 1989 for the GRP label. The album is primarily the work of Russ Freeman who acted as producer arranger and composer.Tourist in Paradise reached #4 on Billboard's Jazz chart.
 Zipbangboom is the third album by Fishboy.
 Live From Another Level is a live worship album by Israel & New Breed. It was recorded in November 2003 at the Total Grace Christian Center in Decatur Georgia. It is Houghton's fourth album his third on Integrity Media and his second live recording. The album received good reviews from critics.
 Piano Improvisations Vol. 1 is an album recorded by Chick Corea and released in 1971.The album along with its counterpart Piano Improvisations Vol. 2 was recorded over the course of two days in Oslo Norway. The two albums in the Piano Improvisations series serve as a sort of bridge between Corea's other works in Circle and Return to Forever.
 One on One is a 1990 album by Stéphane Grappelli and McCoy Tyner released on the Milestone label. It was recorded in April 1990 and features ten duo performances by Tyner and Grappelli. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states The mutual respect they have for each other is obvious and they both sound a bit inspired.
 Insomnia is a hip-hop compilation album released in 1996. It was compiled by famous hip hop producer Erick Sermon but is not credited to his name and he does not perform on all songs. He does produce most tracks though and created this album in order to promote artists affiliated with him. Tommy Gunn (birthname Thomas Blincoe) a performer on this album was murdered shortly before the album's release and Erick dedicated this album to his memory in the liner notes.
 Lifestylez ov da Poor & Dangerous is the debut album by American hip hop artist Big L released March 28 1995 on Columbia Records. Recording sessions took place primarily at Powerplay Studios in Queens New York from 1993 to 1994. Production was handled by Buckwild Craig Boogie Kid Capri Lord Finesse and Showbiz.
 Aquarius is the debut Studio album by the Progressive Metal band Haken. It is a concept album about a couple who has a mermaid daughter. The tracks are generally longer the shortest track being just under 7 minutes and the longest being nearly 17. The Album artwork was created by Dennis Sibeijn who has also worked with 3 Job for a Cowboy and See You Next Tuesday among others.
 Axes is the third album by English rock group Electrelane.For the mostly instrumental album Electrelane once again returned to Steve Albini's studio in Chicago. In the first recording session for Axes the band played through the entire album in one take. This reflected the band's desire to have listeners of the album experience the band's live show. Emma Gaze explained the album was recorded the way we rehearse and practise: we all stand in a circle and it is very relaxed.
 Big Noise is the name of the debut EP from The Tiny Masters Of Today. It debuted in 2006 on Tigertrap Records in England.
 Monkey on a Chain Gang is the first album by the rock band House of Freaks. It was released in 1987 by Rhino Records on 12 vinyl (R1 70838) and a short time later on CD (R2 70838. The album was remastered and reissued by Rhino Handmade in 2004 (RHM2 7857) with thirteen additional tracks five of which were previously unreleased.
 Ridin' High is an album by American soul music group The Impressions released in 1966.
 What's New!!! (subtitled Sonny Stitt Plays the Varitone) is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1966 and released on the Roulette label. The album represents Stitt's first recorded use of the varitone an electronic amplification device which altered the saxophone's sound.
 The Lonesome Boatman is a 1969 album by the Irish folk music duo Finbar & Eddie Furey. It is best known for its title track which is played hauntingly on a tin whistle as well as its version of the traditional ballad Carnlough Bay.In recent times the song has featured at football matches most notably performed by fans of Glasgow team Celtic FC.
 Brothers from Another is the second studio album by Philadelphia rap-duo Young Gunz released on May 24 2005. After a brief hiatus the duo returned with Swizz Beatz produced Set It Off.The album had decent exposure of the lead single Set It Off with promotion for the album from Jay-Z himself TV radio and magazine appearances and featured appearances from Kanye West Swizz Beatz Daz Dillinger Slim and John Legend on the album.The album sold 138000 units.
 Highlights from Porgy and Bess the 1935 album of George Gershwin's opera was recorded just days after Porgy and Bess opened on Broadway on October 10 1935. While the opera was performed by an all-African American singing cast the 1935 album featured mostly white opera singers attempting singing the Gullah-influenced words and music.
 B'z The Best XXV 1999-2012 is a compilation album by Japanese hard rock duo B'z. It was released on June 12 2013 simultaneously with B'z The Best XXV 1988-1998 and it is part of their 25th anniversary celebration. It reached #2 at Oricon charts while B'z The Best XXV 1988-1998 itself reached the top.
 A Happening In Central Park is the first live album by Barbra Streisand. It was recorded at a live concert in Central Park in New York in June 1967 in front of an audience of 135000 people.
 2 More Loves is an album released by 2moro. The album remains first only and final full-length album through Rock Records.The album features previously debut self-titled (or 雙胞胎的初回盤) EP it contains five songs as well as nine new songs.
 23-Ji no Ongaku (２３時の音楽 Music of the 23rd Hour) is the second studio album by Yoko Kanno with vocals by frequent collaborator Maaya Sakamoto. It was released on May 22 2002. It is the soundtrack for the NHK radio drama adaptation of the book The Other Side of Midnight.
 La Trayectoria (In English: The Trajectory) is a 2006 double live CD and multimedia DVD release by the Mexican singer Gloria Trevi.
 Showtime is the second studio album by grime artist Dizzee Rascal. As of May 2007 the album has sold over 16000 units in the United States—a decline on his debut album Boy in da Corner which sold 58000. It's also been certified gold by the BPI selling over 100000 copies.
 Monsieur Gainsbourg Revisited is a tribute album to the works of late French singer/songwriter Serge Gainsbourg. First released on Virgin Records in 2006 it consists of English language cover versions of Gainsbourg songs performed by a diverse array of contemporary artists. Gainsbourg's former wife Jane Birkin sang on one track.
 Blow the Roof is an eight-track EP by English dubstep artist Flux Pavilion.
 Passion: Music for The Last Temptation of Christ is a musical album released in 1989 by Peter Gabriel. It is his second soundtrack and eighth album overall. It was originally composed as the soundtrack for the film The Last Temptation of Christ but Gabriel spent several months after the film's release further developing the music finally releasing it as a full-fledged album instead of a movie soundtrack.
 Spine of God is the debut album by American rock band Monster Magnet released in 1991 in Europe and in the United States in the following year. It is the band's first official full-length album and one of the earliest examples of the genre of stoner rock. The album mixes elements of punk heavy metal psychedelic rock and space rock.
 Mjötviður Mær released in 1981 was the second album by Icelandic New Wave/rock group Þeyr. It was edited through Eskvímó in 12” vinyl.Mjötviður Mær was Þeyr's most important work according to the media. Formed by 12 songs Iss Þeir and 2999 could be deemed as attempts to create a futuristic pop style thanks to voice distortions keyboards and additional rhythm.
 Rockin' At The Hops is a Chuck Berry album which was released in 1960 under Chess Records. Its opening track Bye Bye Johnny was a sequel to Berry's earlier hit Johnny B. Goode.
 Solid Air is a folk jazz album released in 1973 by John Martyn on Island Records.Contemporary reviews were favourable with music paper Sounds declaring that Solid Air flows beautifully and shows the entire spectrum of music that John Martyn has at his fingertips. The album has continued to receive acclaim and is included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die by Robert Dimery.
 Your Body Above Me is the debut album by the alternative rock band Black Lab. Released on Geffen Records on October 21 1997 it featured two US radio hits Wash it Away and Time Ago. The album was also simultaneously released as a three-sided vinyl LP with a press of the album artwork on the fourth side.
 Rag and Bone Buffet: Rare Cuts and Leftovers is a compilation album by XTC released in 1990. An odds and sods collection it brings together B-sides BBC sessions soundtrack contributions both sides of two singles released by offshoot The Three Wise Men' a solo single recorded by Colin Moulding as The Colonel and other obscurities.
 Thalía is the eponymous debut solo album by Mexican singer Thalía produced by Alfredo Diaz Ordaz and released in Mexico by Fonovisa Records in 1990. The album consisted of 80's rock synth pop and ballads.
 Amsterdam is the second album by The Lofty Pillars released on September 18 2001 through Atavistic Records.
 So Cold is Jay Tee's first solo album released under his own name.
 Fearless is the 1988 debut album by British pop group Eighth Wonder. It is the group's only UK album release is entirely uptempo and contains six UK-issued singles (the earliest Stay With Me dating back to 1985) including their highest-selling and best-remembered track the Pet Shop Boys-produced and written I'm Not Scared (a #7 hit) and Cross My Heart (#13). Fearless peaked at #47 on the UK Albums Chart.
 The untitled seventh studio album by the Canadian rock band Trooper (informally known as Trooper 1980) was released on October 4 1980. It remains the only Trooper album not to chart a hit single on Canada's RPM 100 Singles chart
 Simple is the debut solo album by Oxford singer-songwriter Andy Yorke released in 2008.
 Von Hemmling is an Eponymous album by Von Hemmling. It was released by The Elephant 6 Recording Company.
 Music For Grass Bars is an album by Plateau released in 1997.
 Beatrix Runs is the major label debut album by singer-songwriter Elizaveta Khripounova known professionally as Elizaveta. It was released digitally on iTunes Store and Amazon MP3 on January 24 2012.
 Enjoy Eternal Bliss is the debut EP by English post-rock band Yndi Halda released on the Big Scary Monsters Recording Company in the UK; Burnt Toast Vinyl in the USA and XTAL Records in Japan. It was first made available online on November 13 2006 before being released in shops in February 2007. The EP was previously self-released as a 3-track demo through the band's website and live performances.
 Jaggernaut is the seventh studio album by the band Suns of Arqa released in 1989 by Antler/Subway Records. The album was produced by Suns of Arqa founder Michael Wadada.Although the album has never been released on CD it was remixed by Youth Greg Hunter and Astralasia in 1992 and released on CD under the new title 'Jaggernaut Whirling Dub'.The original Jaggernaut LP is in four parts.
 Maori Songs is a traditional album released by New Zealand opera diva Kiri Te Kanawa in 1999 to celebrate the new millennium. Maori Songs was recorded at Revolver Studios & NO 2 Studio Abbey Rd.
 19th Street LBC Compilation is a compilation presented by Big C Style introducing Long Beach based rappers and mostly featuring Tha Dogg Pound and LBC Crew affiliates.[citation needed]
 Wishing For This is a Christmas EP by the alternative rock/indie pop artist and Sixpence None the Richer member Leigh Nash. It was released for download on November 14 2006. Wishing For This was produced by Mark Nash (PFR) and Nate Blackstone and is made up of 7 tracks: one traditional Christmas song “O Holy Night” one original Christmas tune (the title track) and five cover tunes.
 Blood for the Master is the fifth studio album by American blackened death metal band Goatwhore.
 Sailcat was an American rock band that was signed with Elektra Records in the early 1970s and best known for the hit song Motorcycle Mama.
 The Burning Bridges Tour is the debut album from comedian Maria Bamford. It was recorded at Acme Comedy Club in Minneapolis Minnesota October 25-26 2002.
 Ain't It Beautiful is the second studio album by rock band ZO2. The album was released August 7 2007.
 Les inséparables is a studio album by Corneille released on 24 October 2011. The album reached #10 on the French Albums Chart and #75 on the Canadian Albums Chart.
 Sidi Mansour is a successful 2000 album by Tunisia-n pan-Arab singer Saber Rebaï that contains his hit song Sidi Mansour a massive pan-Arab hit.
 Nevermind It's an Interview is the only officially released interview CD of American grunge band Nirvana. It was only a promotional release and was never commercially available. Released in limited-edition form worldwide in 1992 by Geffen Records written produced and engineered at WFNX Boston by Kurt St. Thomas and Troy Smith (authors of Nirvana: The Chosen Rejects[1] St. Martin's Press 2004). The original interview sessions were recorded by St.
 If I Could is an EP released by 24-7 Spyz in 1997. It features album cuts from their 1996 full-length release Heavy Metal Soul by the Pound as well as several live tracks recorded in early 1996 with Joel Maitoza on drums. Like many 24-7 Spyz albums the recording is out of print.
 A Little Good News is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records in 1983. The album peaked at number 9 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. The title track topped the country singles charts in the U.S.; That's Not the Way (It's S'posed to Be) was also released as a single.
 The Carbon Copy Silver Lining is the independent debut album of the Texas-based progressive rock band Fair to Midland. It was recorded in January 2001 but released a year later independently. The album was reissued in late 2011 in a very limited run as a part of pre-order bundles for the band's first DVD release Welcome to the Dirt.
 Live From The Ghetto is the second solo album by Big Hutch [also known as Cold 187um] of Above The Law. It was released on June 8 2004 and features guest appearances from fellow Above The Law member KMG Kokane and others.
 Heartbeat of the Earth is the third studio album by British Goth rock band Inkubus Sukkubus.
 Way Out Yonder is the twelfth album released by the Sons of the San Joaquin. It was made available through their website in October 2005 and saw a worldwide release in January of the following year.
 Truth Be Told is the fourth studio album by the British rock band Shed Seven released via Artful Records in May 2001. Initial copies of the album featured a limited edition bonus disc with additional CD-ROM material along with an exclusive bonus track.
 Jintara Poonlarp 16 is a luk thung and mor lam album by the Thai singer Jintara Poonlarp. First released on the Grammy Entertainment label it was the 16th album in her first series of recordings and her 16th original album.
 Without Warning is the debut album from actor and musician Thomas Ian Nicholas.
 Colossus of Destiny is a live album by Melvins which was released in 2001 through Ipecac Recordings. It was recorded live Friday December 13 1998 at Club Mangler Cupertino California. It is nearly an hour of synthesizer and sample experimentation ending in a performance of the song Eye Flys. It was reported that members of the audience were lying on the ground covering their ears during this performance.
 REZ: Compact Favorites was the 11th release and second compilation album from American Christian rock band Resurrection Band (known at this point as REZ) released in 1988.
 Icaros is the fifth album by Finnish melodic death metal band Diablo.
 Technophoby is the fourth album by the electro-industrial duo Decoded Feedback. It is their second widely known release and their first a on Germany's Zoth Ommog record label. Technophoby was distributed in North America by Metropolis Records.
 Foster Sylvers is the debut album by Foster Sylvers from the R&B group The Sylvers. Released in 1973 it was produced by Jerry Peters and Keg Johnson.
 Try Me One More Time is an album by David Bromberg. It was released by Appleseed Recordings on February 27 2007. It was Bromberg's first studio album in almost 18 years since 1989's Sideman Seranade.On Try Me One More Time Bromberg sings and plays acoustic guitar unaccompanied by other musicians. The tracks include 15 cover tunes plus one original composition the title cut.Try Me One More Time received a 2008 Grammy Award nomination in the category of Best Traditional Folk Album.
 Brother to Brother is a studio album released by jazz pianist Dave Burrell. It was recorded in 1993 and released later that year. The album once again features Burrell collaborator David Murray and a parallel release with Windward Passages (Black Saint). This album was released by Gazell Records. The album is considered an excellent effort.
 Sang My Thang is Toshinori Yonekura's 13th original studio album. The album came three years after his last full-length original album Roots Of Style. All songs appearing on the album are written and composed by Yonekura and the album was executively produced by pop singer and collaborator Maki Ohguro.
 Mallu Magalhães is the second studio album by Brazilian folk singer Mallu Magalhães released on December 8 2009 through the Agência de Música and Sony Music.The album was released only with the standard version. After its release the album received favorable reviews from Brazilian Media. The album provided one single Shine Yellow.
 Yesterday Is Time Killed was the first full length album by Eighteen Visions. It was also their last indi-signed record. Five of these songs were later re-recorded for The Best of Eighteen Visions compilation. The last untitled song is actually split onto 8 tracks for each part of the song.
 Live Art is the fifth album released by Béla Fleck and the Flecktones and their first non-studio album. It was recorded live at various concerts between 1992 and 1996 and features ten guest musicians.Featured guests include Sam Bush Branford Marsalis Chick Corea and Bruce Hornsby.
 Radlands is the fifth album by the Mystery Jets.
 Right Thoughts Right Words Right Action is the fourth studio album by Scottish group Franz Ferdinand released through Domino Records on 26 August 2013 in the UK and on 27 August 2013 in the US.The album received generally favorable reviews from music critics. On 1 September 2013 it debuted at No. 6 in the UK Albums Chart and at No. 1 on the UK Indie Chart.
 We're Not Grasshoppers is the début album of British indie band Dissident Prophet. Produced and engineered by Simon Hanhart. It was released in the UK in November 1996.
 On an Island is the third solo album by David Gilmour best known as a vocalist and lead guitarist for Pink Floyd. It was released in the UK on 6 March 2006 Gilmour's 60th birthday and in the United States the following day. It was his first solo album in 22 years.
 The Columbia Hits Collection is a 2001 compilation album of songs recorded by American singer Jo Stafford. It was released by Corinthian Records on January 1 2001.
 The Past Presents the Future is an album by Her Space Holiday. It was released September 27 2005 on Wichita Recordings.
 The Devil May Care is the second full length album by Melbourne based rock music group 67 Special. The album was released in Australia on Saturday 11 August 2007.It was recorded at Mangrove Studios in New South Wales with American producer and engineer Jacquire King. The band has said they tried to keep things as simple as possible for this album.
 Live In Stuttgart (One-Off Shit Let's Go!) is a rare live album by Atari Teenage Riot. Initially released on cassette the album predates the infamous Live at Brixton Academy noise-fest and features a bizarre blend of live instrumentation and spoken word pieces from various songs.Aside from ATR members Alec Empire Carl Crack and Hanin Elias the line-up for the performance also includes fellow DHR act EC8OR (Gina V. D'Orio on guitar and Roland Braun on drums).
 Harvest for the World is the fourteenth album released by The Isley Brothers on their T-Neck imprint in May 1976.
 bob hund is the debut release by bob hund. Produced and mixed by Eggstone and bob hund. Sound improvements by Peter In De Betou Cutting Room. Graphic design and concept by Martin Kann. Photo by Henrik Håkansson.
 Nuestro Destino Estaba Escrito (Eng.: Our Destiny Was Written) is the title of a studio album released by norteño music band Intocable. This album became their third number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums. It was released with two formats CD and CD/DVD and in 2007 a new edition retitled Nuestro Destino Estaba Escrito: Historia y Tradición. This release received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album.
 Wonder is Japanese voice actor Mamoru Miyano's second studio album. It was released on August 4 2010 by King Records. Two singles were released to promote the album JS and Refrain.
 Never Look Back is the first studio album by guitarist Blues Saraceno released in 1989 through Guitar Recordings.
 Small Town Heroes is the fifth full length studio album by Hurray for the Riff Raff and their first to be released by ATO Records. The album released on February 11 2014 and was produced by their front-woman Alynda Lee Segarra. This album received positive critical reception and commercial sales.
 Fantasie was the 5th proper studio album by Münchener Freiheit and their highest charting reaching #4 in the German charts. The album spawned three hit singles including the #2 hit Solang' man Träume noch leben kann (held off the #1 spot by Always on my Mind by Pet Shop Boys).
 The Moon Looked On is the third studio album by Clare Bowditch and the Feeding Set. It was released on 13 October 2007. It debuted at #29 on the ARIA album charts
 Indigoism is the debut mixtape by American hip hop duo The Underachievers released on February 1 2013 as a free digital download via Brainfeeder. The mixtape was produced by Mr Bristol Rich Flyer The Entreproducers Bruce Lee Kixxs Dreamrite and Lou Chapo among others. Upon its release it was met with universal acclaim by music critics.
 It Ain't 4 Play is the first and only album released by American rap group Funk Mobb. It was released July 15 1996 on Sick Wid It Records and Jive Records. The album was produced by G-Note D-Shot K-1 K-Lou Levitti Mac Shawn and Studio Ton. It peaked at number 46 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 28 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers. One single was released I Wanna See Ya. The last track Mr.
 Hidden Things is an album by Australian folk rock group Paul Kelly & the Messengers released in May 1992 on Mushroom Records which reached No. 29 on the ARIA Albums Chart. It also reached the Top 40 on the New Zealand Albums Chart. It is a collection of tracks recorded by Kelly and both his backing bands the Coloured Girls and the Messengers from 1986 to 1991 but were not issued on previous studio albums (except for Bradman and Pastures of Plenty).
 Unwired: Africa is a world music benefit compilation album originally released in 2000 with proceeds going to Amnesty International. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the release features African acoustic music from traditional to pop. The compilation was produced and compiled by Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network.
 Jenny was an EP album released September 15 2003 by Stellastarr an American Indie rock band based in New York City.
 Give 'Em the Boot III is the third compilation album in the Give 'Em the Boot series released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).
 Zoo Hypothesis is the title of a studio album by Chicago band Tub Ring released in 2004. The song Alexander in Charge contains a sample from the movie Taxi Driver.
 Savvato (Saturday) is an album by modern Laika and pop Greek singer Giorgos Mazonakis. It was released in 2003 by Heaven Music and went 1x Platinum in Greece. The album is written (lyrics & music) entirely by Phoebus who also produced the record. It is the second collaboration of Giorgos Mazonakis with Phoebus after the 2 songs on album Koita me+beat (2002).
 Osama—Yo' Mama: The Album is an album released by country music artist Ray Stevens. It was released by Curb Records on February 12 2002. One single was released from it which was Osama-Yo' Mama which peaked at #48 on the Hot Country Songs chart in 2001 and accounted for Stevens' first chart single since Power Tools in 1992. The album reached #29 on the US Top Country Albums chart.
 Hexagons is the second EP by British band Esben and the Witch released on Matador Records in 2011 as a digital download. Hexagons was quite well received Consequence of Sound said 'The one thing Esben and the Witch does remarkably well with Hexagons is establish a consistent ghostly atmosphere right from the beginning and all the way through to the end with...' and Drowned in Sound said 'The Hexagons EP is undeniably portentous in both appearance and sound'.
 Battle of the Sexes is the eighth studio album by American rapper Ludacris released March 9 2010 on Disturbing tha Peace and Def Jam Recordings. It was intended to serve as a collaboration album between Ludacris and rapper Shawnna but proved to be a solo album by the former after Shawnna left Disturbing tha Peace in 2009. The album was recorded during 2008 to 2010 and its production was handled by several producers including T-Minus Bangladesh Swizz Beatz The Neptunes and The Runners.
 Resistance is an album from Christian hardcore band Alove for Enemies' on Facedown Records album. The album was produced and engineered by Dean Baltulonis.
 The Good Album is the fifth studio album from Christian rock band All Star United. It was originally released exclusively on iTunes and online in 2009. On January 12 2010 the album was released to retail stores under the label E1 Entertainment. This is All Star United's first release with E1 Entertainment.
 A Couple of Days in Larsville is a country album from Norwegian singer Elisabeth Andreassen. The album was released in Norway on September 13 2004 (2004-09-13). The album was released in Australia Denmark Iceland and Sweden around New Year 2004-2005.
 Standard Brands is an album by Chet Atkins and Canadian guitarist Lenny Breau released in 1981.
 Guilty Pleasures is an album by Barbra Streisand in conjunction with Barry Gibb released in September 2005. In Ireland and the United Kingdom the album is titled Guilty Too. It is the follow-up to Streisand's 1980 album Guilty which also featured Barry Gibb as appears also in another single with Barbra called Come Tomorrow. The album features a cover of Gibb's late brother Andy's song (Our Love) Don't Throw It All Away. In the United States the album peaked at no.
 Year Zero Remixed (styled as Y34RZ3R0R3M1X3D) is a Nine Inch Nails remix album released on November 20 2007 in the United States and on November 26 2007 in the UK.
 2nd W is the second album by the Hello! Project duo W and the first to be recorded (except for one song) and released after its members Ai Kago and Nozomi Tsuji graduated from Morning Musume in August 2004.Unlike their first album Duo U&U which was all cover material 2nd W contains a mix of both originals (composed by mentor and Hello! Project founder Tsunku) and covers of classic Shōwa period female pop duo songs.
 One and a Half is a Train EP (extended play) that was released in very limited numbers in 1999. It was recorded and released between the Train and Drops of Jupiter albums.The EP included some new never-before-released tracks such as Counting on You Sweet Rain The Highway an acoustic version of Train's hit single Meet Virginia from their 1998 self-titled debut and an acoustic cover of Led Zeppelin's Ramble On.
 Grandine il Vento is the 13th studio album by the British progressive rock band Renaissance first released in 2013. It was financed through a Kickstarter campaign.
 Vultress is the 2nd album by Australian alternative rock band Cosmic Nomads. The album was recorded in 2006 in Melbourne at Atlantis Sound Studio. and released in 2007. Cosmic Nomads worked with engineer Dave McCluney who with 20 years experience has recorded Nick Cave and The Bad Seeds among other notable artists. The album features the heavy rock organ sound similar to that of Emerson Lake and Palmer and includes liner notes by radio disc jockey Andrew Holborn.
 Dirty South is the debut solo album by Rasheeda. The album features the hit single Do It. Dirty South was not well received and she was released from her contract with Motown Records.Do It was released three months prior to the album in December 2000. In late January 2001 the song charted and it eventually peaked at number 22 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart; a music video was released in February 2001.
 Working Holiday! is an album released on the Simple Machines label in 1994. It is a compilation of tracks by American indie bands which were originally released on a series of 12 7 singles by Simple Machines as part of the Working Holiday monthly record club starting from December 1992. Each song was intended to commemorate a holiday in the month it was released.
 Volle Kraft Voraus! is the second album by the German band Die Krupps.
 18 éxitos de Franco De Vita is a Venezuelan compilation album of 2003 made by Franco De Vita with the label Sonográfica in this album presents his best songs of his career.
 Riddim Driven: X5 is the 24th installment in VP Records' Riddim Driven series. It was released in March 2002 on CD and LP. The album features various artists recorded over Peter Jackson (aka Galaxy P)'s X5 riddim.
 30 Years Sodomized: 1982-2012 is a three-disc two-LP box set by the German thrash metal band Sodom released on June 25 2012. The set includes the albums Official Bootleg: The Witchhunter Decade a collection of live recordings and unreleased demos and 30 Years' War a retrospective selection of studio tracks personally compiled by Tom Angelripper.
 Michael Learns to Rock is the eponymous debut album of the Danish soft rock and pop rock band Michael Learns to Rock. The album was released in September 1991.
 Live 'n' Sleazy is a compilation album by The Stranglers.
 Everyday is the third studio album by the Athens GA based band Widespread Panic. It was first released by Capricorn Records and Warner Bros. Records on March 3 1993. It would later be re-released in 2001 by Zomba Music Group.Beginning on November 5 1992 The band recorded the album at Muscle Shoals Sound Studio in Sheffield AL.
 Sorrow of the Angels is an album by the American doom metal band While Heaven Wept.
 Cro-Monolithic Remixes for an Iron Age was a vinyl EP released by Sunn O))). The first side is a remix of a song by Earth and the second side is a remix of a track from the album Frog+ by Merzbow. This was a limited release—only 300 red vinyl and 200 black vinyl copies were issued.
 Torture Garden is an album by John Zorn's band Naked City featuring Yamatsuka Eye on vocals. The album is a compilation of the hardcore miniatures that were also released on Naked City and Grand Guignol. Unlike other Naked City albums there are no breaks between the screaming the seemingly random saxophone blasts and grindcore. The album was originally released on Shimmy Disc in 1989.
 Connie Smith is the thirty second studio album by American country music artist Connie Smith. The album was released October 6 1998 on Warner Bros. Nashville Records and was produced by Marty Stuart and Justin Niebank. It is not to be confused with her debut studio album of the same name as this release featured most of the songs written by Smith herself. It was her first album in five years and her second in twenty years since 1978's New Horizons.
 Twilight Theater is the fourth studio album by the Finnish rock band Poets of the Fall. It was released in Finland as well as on iTunes on 17 March 2010 and was released in Germany Austria and Switzerland on 29 October. The record went gold in its first week after jumping to #1 on the Finnish album charts.
 Generator is the sixth studio album by the punk rock band Bad Religion. Although the album was completed in the spring of 1991 it was not released until 1992. The reason that the album's release date was pushed back was because Bad Religion was not happy with the artwork and packaging and in order to release it they went through ideas that were scrapped. Generator was the band's first release with drummer Bobby Schayer who replaced Pete Finestone during the Against the Grain tour.
 I'm Sorry for You My Friend is the sixth album by country singer Moe Bandy released in 1977 on the Columbia label recorded at Colombia Recording Studio B.
 Rollin' on the River is a compilation album by American rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival released in 1988.
 Christmas with Ronnie Milsap is a 1986 holiday album recorded by country musician Ronnie Milsap. To date it his only Christmas album. It features traditional holiday songs and a poem written by Milsap which describes his feelings for Christmas.
 The Modern Touch is the second album by saxophonist Benny Golson featuring performances recorded in late 1957 and originally released on the Riverside label.
 Rediscovered is the fifth studio album by English-Norwegian pop group A1. The album was released on 2 November 2012 in Norway exclusively through daWorks Records. Two singles have thus far been released from the album: Just Three Words featuring singer Annie Khalid which was released as a promotional single in April 2012 and the album's official lead single Trust Me released on 5 October 2012.
 SWV Greatest Hits (Simitar) album contains all of their biggest hits. Songs like Weak Downtown Rain and more.
 For the article on sex slaves see Comfort women. For the 1997 novel Comfort Woman see Nora Okja KellerComfort Woman is the fifth solo album by Me'shell Ndegeocello. It was released on October 14 2003 on Maverick Records. The album peaked at #150 on the Billboard Top 200 list that year. The album also peaked at #43 on Billboard's R&B Album chart. The LP was the final record released by Maverick ending her ten year contract.
 Should God Forget: A Retrospective is a compilation album by post-punk artists The Psychedelic Furs. It was released as a double-CD in 1997.
 Tenebre is the soundtrack to Dario Argento's film of the same title first released as an album in 1982 and reissued most recently in 2006 with multiple bonus tracks. The score was composed and performed by three former members of the defunct rock group Goblin who briefly reunited at the request of the film's director.
 She's Not on the Menu is an EP by Edmonton Alberta-based punk rock band SNFU. It was self-released by the band in 1987. The A side was recorded this year while tracks 2 and 3 date to 1982.
 Women And Children Die First is the second album by Remembering Never. It was released January 27 2004 on Ferret Records.
 Undercovers (often misspelled Undercover) is an album of cover songs released by melodic rock band Trixter in 1994. The album failed to chart.
 Long Live Rock 'n' Roll is the debut album by Serbian heavy metal band Kraljevski Apartman released in 1997. With the support of Riblja Čorba members Zoran Zdravković former Apartman 69 guitarist decided to form a new band and started writing new material. The opening track on the album is a cover version of Rainbow hit Long Live Rock 'n' Roll. Promotional video was recorded for the song Misterija.
 Ardent Worship is the fourth album by the Christian rock band Skillet. It was released in 2000 by Ardent Records seven months after Invincible. It is a live worship album consisting of six songs written by Skillet and four songs covering other artists. Original Skillet members Ken Steorts and Trey McClurkin appear on Safe With You and Shout To The Lord to finish the live set with fellow founding member John Cooper.
 The Seventies Story is a 2002 album by pop group Brotherhood of Man. It is based on a live stage show the group had undertaken at the time.
 Misty Blue is a 1968 studio album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald featuring mostly renditions of recent country music hits. The single I Taught Him Everything He Knows appeared on Billboard's Easy Listening survey.
 Guilty as Charged! is the only studio album released by the American heavy metal band Culprit through Shrapnel Records in 1983.
 Warpig is the debut album release by Canadian hard rock band Warpig. It was released in 1970 on a local indie label Fonthill Records. Later London would pick the record up for a re-release; it was also re-released in 2006 via Relapse and then Kreation Records in 2009.
 Alone (Again) is a solo piano album by American jazz pianist Bill Evans recorded in December 1975 but not released until 1977 on Fantasy Records. It was reissued on CD in 1994 by Original Jazz Classics.
 It's Nothing Personal is the fifth studio album by American metalcore band Bury Your Dead. The album was released on May 26 2009 through Victory Records. It was also the last album to be released on that label and to feature Myke Terry on vocals.It peaked at the Billboard 200 at number 142.
 The Long Way is the ninth studio album released by American country music artist Doug Stone.
 NOFX is an EP by the American punk rock band NOFX released August 2 2011 through Fat Wreck Chords and consisting entirely of cover versions of hardcore punk songs. The idea for the EP was originally announced in 2009—before the release of the group's eleventh studio album Coaster—and was originally announced to be released exclusively as a 10 vinyl record. The EP was also made available in 12 vinyl picture disc and 7 vinyl record formats.
 True Lies is a 1999 album by Dive.It should not be confused with the 1994 movie True Lies.
 Live at WOMADelaide 2010 is an official live recording the rock band The Armada's performance at WOMADelaide 2010 in Adelaide Australia. The EP was released as a free digital download on the band's official homepage. The subsequent CD release has all the songs sequenced as a single track approximately one hour in length. The reason for this has not been announced.
 Among Beggars and Thieves is the sixth album by the Swedish power metal band Falconer released on September 2 2008 through Metal Blade Records. It was produced by Andy LaRocque. A heavier album than Northwind it tells the tale of the hardships of medieval Sweden. Some of the songs seem heavily inspired by actual historical events.
 This compilation album is part of The Number One Project a music based charity event in Liverpool to mark its status as European Capital of Culture for 2008. The city delivered 56 number one singles for the UK charts. On this album 21 of these songs are covered by other Liverpudlian artists. The proceeds from this project will be distributed among local Charities.
 Surfer Rosa is the first full-length album by the American alternative rock band Pixies released in March 1988 on the British independent record label 4AD. The album's unusual and offbeat subject matter includes references to mutilation and voyeurism; this is augmented by experimental recording techniques and a distinctive drum sound.
 Strange Moosic is a 2011 studio album by Herman Düne.
 Go Forth is the third album by Les Savy Fav released in 2001. It was released by Frenchkiss Records. It was mixed during June 2001 at Magic Shop Manhattan and was mastered by John Loder at Abbey Road Studios London.
 Raulzito e os Panteras (Raulzito and the Panters) is the debut album by Brazilian rock musician Raul Seixas. the album was recorded at the time he was known as Raulzito with his supporting band Os Panteras. The artwork of the album is based on The Beatles' With The Beatles artwork (indeed there is a Beatles cover at the album: a Portuguese-language version of Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds).
 Tiurida (meaning Glory) is the fifth studio album for the Viking metal band Falkenbach released in January 2011 via Napalm Records. It was recorded with the same session musicians as the previous two Falkenbach records Ok Nefna Tysvar Ty (2003) and Heralding - The Fireblade (2005).
 Ambient 3: Day of Radiance (1980) is an album by the American ambient musician Laraaji (alias Edward Larry Gordon) which was produced by Brian Eno.
 Free to Worship is an album from Contemporary Gospel singer Fred Hammond. The album was recorded on April 14 2006 and released on October 31 2006 through Verity Records.
 Careless is Micky & the Motorcars' third album. It was released in May 2006. The last track (hidden) features a member of the band doing an Elvis impersonation.
 Alchemist is the seventh album by Norwegian electronic dance music producer Aleksander Vinter and his fifth under the alias Savant. It was released on 12 December 2012. It is his longest album in total track length to date.
 Sahara Blue is a 1992 concept album produced by Hector Zazou. The album commemorated the 100th year of the death of French poet Arthur Rimbaud and included collaborative musical works by John Cale Khaled Ryuichi Sakamoto Tim Simenon and David Sylvian.
 Un Jour Parfait is the second solo album by The Stranglers' bassist J.J. Burnel. Released in 1988 all songs were written in French except Garden of Eden. In a 1992 interview JJ Burnel explained: with this I wanted to do something with French sounds and sensibilities.
 Live in Seattle 2002 is a live album by Eric Burdon and his current band called The New Animals. While Burdon had no new studio album released he performed hits from the sixties. On Spill the Wine they were joined by Lee Oskar on harmonica.
 Fresh Aire II was the second album released by new age musical group Mannheim Steamroller. The album was originally released in 1977.
 Chuck Berry On Stage is a Chuck Berry album which was released in 1963 under Chess Records. Although promoted as a live album this was in fact a collection of previously released studio recordings (save one) with overdubbed audience sounds to simulate a live recording. In addition one track labelled Surfin' USA on the album is actually Sweet Little Sixteen Berry's 1950s recording upon which Surfin' USA was based. Brown-Eyed Handsome Man is a previously unreleased alternate take.
 Live at Birmingham Academy is a live performance album by the British rock group Ocean Colour Scene. It was recorded at Birmingham Academy during the band's short Christmas tour in 2006. The recording was made by Live Here Now and was made available immediately after the performance to fans; those who did not attend could purchase the CD from the website.
 Smell of Female is the first live release by the American garage punk band The Cramps. The EP was recorded at The Peppermint Lounge on February 25–26 1983 and issued on I.R.S. Records the same year. The EP was also released as a 3 7-inch box set and was later expanded to album-length with three bonus cuts.
 No After You Sir... is a compilation album by Australian rock band You Am I released in 2003. The album was released in the United Kingdom only.
 Now is the fifth studio album of covers by Philippine acoustic band MYMP and the last album with Juris Fernandez before she embarked on her solo career.
 Of Mice & Men is the eponymous debut album by American metalcore band Of Mice & Men. It was originally planned to be released on February 23 2010 however was delayed until the 9th of March. The two songs Second & Sebring and Those in Glass Houses were released as singles. It is the only album to feature Jaxin Hall on the bass guitar.
 Gone Away is an EP by Die Kreuzen released in 1989 through Touch and Go Records.
 The Lost Scripts of K.O.D. is the first EP by rapper Tech N9ne released on March 30 2010. It debuted on the Billboard 200 chart at number 117.The EP consists of five tracks that were written shortly after the K.O.D. album was completed. The beats that appear on the EP had been selected by the artist for inclusion on his previous studio album K.O.D. and he already had titles in mind for them but he ended up filling the alloted time on the CD before writing to the selected beats.
 The Vanishing Race is the twelfth album by Australian soft rock band Air Supply released in 1993. The album didn't reach US charts except the single Goodbye which peaked at #35 on the Adult Contemporary Chart. The album became especially relevant in Asia where singles Goodbye which got to be #1 in several Asian countries and It's Never Too Late made the album reach platinum certification. The album sold over 4 millions copies around the world.
 NX Zero is the second studio album by the Brazilian rock band NX Zero. The album was released in 2006 and it's the first one to be released through a major label. It was certified Platinum and has sold more than 100 thousand copies.
 Sun is the ninth studio album by American musician Cat Power. Her first album of all-original material since 2006's The Greatest it was released on September 3 2012 in the United Kingdom and in the United States on September 4 2012 via Matador Records. The album was issued in a variety of formats including a limited edition deluxe LP containing a 7 vinyl of bonus tracks.The album's lead single Ruin was released for free download at Matador Record's store on June 20 2012.
 Fiesta Macarena is a 1996 music album based on Los del Río's hit single Macarena released by BMG U.S. Latin and contains all 14 tracks.
 Live 12-5-87 (Aprite i vostri occhi) is the first live album from Italian rock band Litfiba and was recorded in Florence during the tour that followed the 17 RE album.
 Last Words is an EP from Canadian alternative hip hop producer Ryan Hemsworth. It was released on Wedidit in 2012. It features remixes from Shlohmo Supreme Cuts Baauer and Sam Tiba & Canblaster.Videos were made for the tracks Charly Wingate and Colour & Movement.
 Soul Destruction is the second studio album (third overall) released by Scottish heavy metal band The Almighty. It was released by Polydor Records in the United Kingdom in 1991. According to front-man Ricky Warwick the album's songs centered around four subjects:It was The Almighty's last album with founding guitarist Tantrum who would be replaced by Alice Cooper guitarist Pete Friesen before the recording of their next album Powertrippin'.
 This article describes an album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! discography.Now That's What I Call Music! 55 or Now 55 was released in 2003. The album is the 55th edition of the Now! series in the United Kingdom. Now 55 features three songs which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: Ignition (Remix) Loneliness and You Said No.
 Du New Morning au Zénith is a 1994 double album recorded live by the trio Fredericks Goldman Jones. Composed of 31 tracks it contains many successful songs from Goldman's previous albums and from the trio's two studio albums Fredericks Goldman Jones and Rouge. It was released on 18 May 1995 and was successful in francophone countries.
 Music for Our Lady Qeeen of the Angels is the first album by multi-instrumentalist Garth Hudson released in 1980 (see 1980 in music).The album is a soundtrack for a special installation for exhibition at the Los Angeles Museum of Science and Industry by sculptor Tony Duquette.
 Behold the Beginning is a compilation album by the heavy metal band Diamond Head. It was released after their poorly received Canterbury album and subsequent break-up and is composed mostly of tracks from the band's debut album Lightning to the Nations as well as the non-LP single Waited Too Long and its B-side Play it Loud. The album was remixed by the band's guitarist Brian Tatler.Behold the Beginning was later re-released in 1991 by Heavy Metal Records on CD format.
 Instinct is the second album by American deathcore band As Blood Runs Black.
 Buddy Jewell is the third studio album by American country music singer Buddy Jewell. The album was Jewell's major-label debut and his first album since winning season one of Nashville Star. As part of the Nashville Star prize the album was produced by Clint Black and recorded entirely in ten days.Buddy Jewell was released on July 1 2003 by Columbia Records.
 Don't Try This at Home is the second album by the American jazz saxophonist Michael Brecker that was released on Impulse! records in 1988.
 Hatred: Destruction = Construction is the eighth full-length album released by the Japanese horror punk band Balzac. It was released with four different covers and one special 666mm edition. The album has two hidden tracks. The first is Tomorrow Never Comes and starts at the end of the song Destruction = Construction after a brief period of silence. When the final song of the albums ends three other tracks on silence are played before the final song World Without Light starts.
 Supremacy released in 1994 is the second album by Dutch power metal band Elegy.
 Boy on Bridge is an album by Alan Doyle released in 2012. It was his first solo album. Until then he had not released a solo album in the 19 years he had been in Great Big Sea.The album title is a reference to Doyle's IMDb page in which he is credited as an actor in the 1981 TV movie A Whale for the Killing.
 Animal Nocturno is the fourth studio album released on February 9 1993 by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona.
 Hell Among the Yearlings is the second album by Gillian Welch released in 1998. All the songs on the album are written by Welch and David Rawlings.
 A Nice Hot Bath With... is the name of a Crazy Penis album produced in 1999.
 Thousands of Winters of Flames is Balflare's debut album released in 2005.
 The Boss Men is an album by organist Don Patterson with saxophonist Sonny Stitt and drummer Billy James recorded in late 1965 and released on the Prestige label.
 5 Songs is a six-track EP by The Decemberists initially self-released by the band in 2001. The misleading title - there are six songs - is because the final track Apology Song (originally sung into the answering machine of a friend named Steven as a legitimate apology for the loss of a beloved bicycle named Madeline) was written after the original self-produced CD was released.
 Spirit in the System is the second studio album from British band The Qemists. The album was released on 7 July 2010 under record label Ninja Tune. On 26 May 2010 the band announced the album was complete. The album artwork was created by Glenn Fabry.On 14 June 2012 the band announced they had completed the music video for the single Hurt Less featuring Jenna G. The video was directed by Keith McCarthy.
 Presentimiento is the third album by Mexican actress pop singer Lucía Méndez. It was released in 1977.
 Datapanik in the Year Zero is a 1996 box set by Pere Ubu which catalogues their initial phase of existence up to their 1982 break-up (which later turned out to be merely a hiatus). The title was first used by the band for a 1978 EP which compiled their first singles; the name was recycled for this release. The name appears to reference the Cold War film Panic in Year Zero! (1962).
 Franks Wild Years is an album by Tom Waits released 1987 on Island Records. Subtitled Un Operachi Romantico in Two Acts the album contains songs written by Waits and collaborators (mainly his wife Kathleen Brennan) for a play of the same name. The shared title of the album and the play is an iteration of Frank's Wild Years a song from Waits' 1983 album Swordfishtrombones.The play had its world premiere at the Briar St.
 Eli is the fourth solo album by the Dutch guitarist Jan Akkerman. It appeared under the name Jan Akkerman & Kaz Lux. The track Strindberg was written as a tribute to August Strindberg's works. A departure from the progressive rock that Focus (Akkerman's previous band) produced Eli is a concept album with elements of jazz pop and funk intermixed. It won the Netherlands' Edison Award in 1976 for Best Album.
 Continued Story with Texas Instruments is the 9th self released in 1985 cassette tape by Daniel Johnston and The Texas Instruments. It includes a cover of The Beatles song I Saw Her Standing There. It was released as a CD in 1991 by Homestead Records and re-released in 2003 by Daniel Johnston's own label Eternal Yip Eye Music with the 1983 release Hi How Are You.
 Preachers of the Night is the fifth studio album by German/Romanian power metal band Powerwolf released in 2013.Much like Blood of the Saints Preachers of the Night includes in its deluxe version a bonus orchestral CD titled The Sacrilege Symphony II.
 Heta Himlen is the debut studio album release by the American electronic music artist The Jellyrox.The album's name is Swedish for Hot Heavens.
 Medicine Show is the second album by The Dream Syndicate released in 1984.The Dream Syndicate left Slash Records a small company that released the band's first album The Days of Wine and Roses (1982) and signed a new contract with major publisher A&M. Medicine Show was produced by producer Sandy Pearlman who had earlier worked with Blue Öyster Cult and The Clash.
 Nawal 2006 is a 2006 album by the singer Nawal El Kuwaiti.
 How to Make Friends and Influence People is the second album by the rock band Terrorvision released in 1994 on Total Vegas Recordings.Oblivion Middleman Pretend Best Friend Alice What's the Matter and Some People Say were all released as singles.The title refers to the Dale Carnegie book How to Win Friends and Influence People.
 Chapter Two is the second album by the Jazz singer Roberta Flack. It was released in 1970 on Atlantic Records.
 Drum's Not Dead is the third album by experimental rock band Liars released in 2006 through Mute Records. It was recorded in at Planet Roc studios in Berlin and produced by Angus Andrew. The sound is characterized by pounding drums highly distorted guitar drones and falsetto vocals. Upon initial release the album featured a DVD with three different music videos for each song.The album's title and several track names refer to two fictional characters: Drum and Mount Heart Attack.
 Sub Verses is the sixth studio album by experimental rock band Akron/Family released on April 30 2013 on Dead Oceans Records.
 Sense Field and onelinedrawing released an untitled split EP in 2000.
 Stray's Don't Sleep is an album by Strays Don't Sleep released in 2006 by One Little Indian.
 The Beatles Stereo Box Set is a box set compilation comprising all remastered stereo recordings by British rock group The Beatles. The set was released on 9 September 2009 (as in: number nine number nine number nine from their song Revolution 9)[citation needed] the same day the remastered mono recordings and companion The Beatles in Mono were also released along with The Beatles: Rock Band video game.
 Raised on Country Music is the eighth studio album by Canadian country music group Family Brown. It was released in 1982 by RCA Records and includes the singles Some Never Stand a Chance Raised on Country Music and Memorized by Heart which all charted on the RPM Country Tracks chart in Canada. The album won the award for Album of the Year at the 1982 and 1983 Canadian Country Music Association Awards.
 The Armed Man is a Mass by Welsh composer Karl Jenkins subtitled A Mass for Peace. The piece was commissioned by the Royal Armouries Museum for the Millennium celebrations and to mark the museum's move from London to Leeds and it was dedicated to victims of the Kosovo crisis.
 Tales of Instant Knowledge and Sure Death is the 1990 debut album by the avant-garde rock band Idiot Flesh.
 Ubieranie do snu – sixth album in Marcin Rozynek's music career and fourth artist's solo album. It was released February 9 2009.
 Believer is the seventh studio album by American R&B band Chic their last for the Atlantic Records label and the last featuring the classic line-up of Nile Rodgers Bernard Edwards Alfa Anderson Luci Martin and Tony Thompson. The album includes the single Give Me The Lovin' which managed to reach #57 on the US R&B chart the album itself failed to make much of an impact and shortly after its release the group disbanded.
 The Promiseland is a 1986 album by country singer Willie Nelson.
 Little Criminals is a 1977 album by Randy Newman. Like most of Newman's work the album eschews traditional pop-music themes (there is not one love song on the album) in favor of musical story-telling often featuring quirky characters and cynical views. The first song on the album – Short People – became a hit single in its own right.
 I Am Not Afraid of You and I Will Beat Your Ass is the eleventh full-length album by Hoboken-based alternative rock band Yo La Tengo released on September 12 2006. It is their sixth album released on Matador.The title of the album is rumored to be a (paraphrased) quote by NBA player Tim Thomas. Sitting on the bench together during a game Thomas was caught on tape by the MSG Network in a profane exchange with fellow Knick point guard Stephon Marbury.
 Bend Sinister is the ninth studio album by English art punk band The Fall. It was released in June 1986 through record label Beggars Banquet.
 The Pianist is a studio album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington compiled from sessions in 1966 and 1970 and released on the Fantasy label in 1974.
 Icon is the fifth studio album by the death metal band Benighted from France. The album was released in October 29 2007. The CD was recorded mixed and mastered at Kohlekeller Studios Seeheim-Jugenheim Germany. The artwork was created by Phlegeton.
 Nya spår is a 1997 album from Swedish dansband Arvingarna.
 Here Comes John Allan Cameron is the debut album from Canadian singer/songwriter John Allan Cameron. It was recorded at the RCA recording studios in Montreal Quebec using the same studio John Lennon used to record Give Peace A Chance. The album is notable as being the first professional multi-track recording by a Cape Breton artist. The album helped launch Cameron's career abroad leading to performances at the Newport Folk Festival and Mariposa Folk Festival.
 Izgubljen u vremenu (trans. Lost In Time) is the second studio album by Serbian heavy metal band Kraljevski Apartman. Following the release of their first album Long Live Rock 'n' Roll and good reactions of the fans and critics the band with a changed lineup entered the studio to record the second studio album. The album featured a cover of Uriah Heep's Lady in Black entitled Slike. Promotional video was recorded for the track Posle oluje (javi se...).
 Där jag är e’re alltid bäst (English: Where I Am It Is Always Best) is a 2000 album from Swedish pop and rock artist Magnus Uggla.Musically this album was a return to Uggla's early punk and hard rock roots.The album coverart is a spoof on the cover of the classic album Slayed? by Slade.
 BAO på turné is the first live album by Benny Anderssons Orkester released in spring 2006.
 Leben is the 3rd studio album by German electronic musician composer and producer Christopher von Deylen under his Schiller alias. If features collaborations with renown vocalists such as Sarah Brightman Maya Saban Peter Heppner and Kim Sanders.Schiller used Daf which is one of the most Powerful Persian percussive instruments in the 10th tack of this album (The Smile ft Sarah Brightman)
 What Are Words is the debut album of the American singer Chris Medina. The album was released by Sony Music contains 11 pop-rock songs some of them sensitive ballads others more energetic and rocking.Album included the title track What Are Words a touching track inspired by Chris Medina's fiancé who had a serious brain injury after a car accident in 2009.
 Ivy Queen 2008 World Tour LIVE! is the first live compilation album from Puerto Rican Reggaeton artist Ivy Queen released on August 12 2008 in a 2-disc box set. Disc one being a CD and disc 2 being a DVD. It featured performances by Ivy Queen along with Jadiel La Sista and Wisin & Yandel. The album peaked at #72 on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart.
 Dick's Picks Volume 6 is the sixth live album in the Dick's Picks series of releases by the Grateful Dead. It was recorded on October 14 1983 at the Hartford Civic Center in Hartford Connecticut. The album on three CDs contains the complete show from that night. It was released in October 1996.This show was the first Grateful Dead concert that Trey Anastasio of Phish ever attended.
 Best of Both Worlds is the debut album by Davina released on April 7 1998 through Loud Records. The album which was both written and produced entirely by Davina herself peaked at 180 on the Billboard 200 and 34 on the R&B charts failing to gain any real commercial success. The album's two main singles managed to make it to the Billboard Hot 100. So Good and Come Over to My Place peaked at 60 and 81 on the chart respectively.
 Spirited Migration is the debut studio album by American doom metal band Dark Castle released in 2009.
 The End of History is the debut studio album by the Irish folk musician Fionn Regan released on 7 August 2006 on Bella Union. The album was nominated for the 2007 Mercury Prize and was also named Best Irish Album of 2006 by the Irish Independent.
 Únicas is the eleventh studio album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno released on Sony International in 2002. Únicas was the first Azúcar Moreno album since 1990's Bandido not to be partly or entirely recorded in the United States but in Spain and Italy and it also features strings by the Prague Philharmonic Orchestra.
 Sweet Homewrecker is the first full-length album by Canadian rock band Thrush Hermit. It was released on Elektra Records in 1997.
 Tonight At The Arizona was released in 2007 by The Felice Brothers on English Label Loose Music. The influence of Bob Dylan and The Band is evident many of their songs such as The Ballad of Lou the Welterweight a roots revivalist folk ballad ...based on a story my grandpa used to tell us about as James Felice put it. The imperfections in the recording of Hey Hey Revolver are supposedly from a lightning strike during the recording of the song.
 Solitude is an album by The The consisting mainly of live performances (some given new titles or remix names). Jealous of Youth and Dolphins appear for the first time on this album rather than as singles.
 Scatterlings is a studio album from Juluka a South African band led by Johnny Clegg and Sipho Mchunu. It was first released in 1982.Scatterlings of Africa arguably the band's biggest hit (which would later be re-recorded to more international success by Juluka's successor band Johnny Clegg & Savuka) is featured on this album lending it part of its name.
 Hullabaloo is the third and final studio album released by Liverpool-based indie dance group The Farm. It was released on the Sire Records label in 1994 and was not critically well received.
 Throbbing Pouch is an album by Luke Vibert released in 1995 it is his second release under the alias Wagon Christ.
 I Am the Golden Gate Bridge is the first album by rock band Creature with the Atom Brain. It was released in 2008 on the Munich Records label.
 Intensive Care is sixth studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams released on 24 October 2005 in the United Kingdom.
 Stakkattakktwo is the fourth album of the British glam metal band Wrathchild. It was released in October 3 2011 via Perris Records. The name is a reference to the band's first album Stakk Attakk (1984). It is the only Wrathchild album to feature Gaz Psychowrath Harris who left the band in August 2013.
 Love Never Fails is the fifth album by American Christian rock singer B. E. Taylor. It was released in November 2006. The album features two covers and remakes of three songs B.E. co-wrote while in the B. E. Taylor Group whilst the rest are all original recordings. Surprisingly unlike his previous albums it features few contributions from outside musicians and Taylor does almost all of the backing vocals.The album title is taken from the first book of Corinthians chapter 13 verse 8.
 Songs from Under the Covers is the debut extended play released by British singer-songwriter Katie Waissel released on 30 November 2009.
 Look Forward to Failure is an EP released on November 10 1998 by The Ataris on Fat Wreck Chords. This was the first album released to feature the fan favorite San Dimas High School Football Rules. That song later appeared on Blue Skies Broken Hearts...Next 12 Exits. The band also intended on putting the song That Special Girl on Blue Skies Broken Hearts as well but it didn't make the cut. The song features Mark Hoppus of Blink-182 on backing vocals.
 The MG's is a 1973 album recorded by The MG's for Stax Records. Both frontman Booker T. Jones and guitarist Steve Cropper were estranged from Stax by 1973. Remaining members Donald Duck Dunn and Al Jackson Jr. recruited Bobby Manuel to replace Cropper and Carson Whitsett to replace Jones.Billed as The MG's since Jones was not involved with the project the group released two singles Sugar Cane and Neck Bone.
 Seven Days in Sammystown is the third studio album by American new wave band Wall of Voodoo released in 1985. This was the first Wall of Voodoo album to include Andy Prieboy on vocals and Ned Leukhardt on drums. It includes their cover version of Dark as a Dungeon. The album reached #50 on the Australian charts. The track Far Side of Crazy featured in the 1985 movie Head Office.
 Reintarnation is the first compilation album by k.d. lang released in 2006 (see 2006 in music). The album's cover is a spoof of Elvis Presley's debut album's cover Elvis Presley (though the font in which lang's name appears is a nod to London Calling an album by The Clash that also mimics the Elvis cover).
 Music for Hangovers is a live album and DVD by the rock band Cheap Trick. The album is a compilation from the band's four nights at The Metro in Chicago Illinois in 1998. On each of the four nights Cheap Trick played one of their first four albums in their entirety to open the show coinciding with the reissues of the albums.
 Symbolic is the sixth album by American death metal band Death. The album was released on March 21 1995 through Roadrunner Records. The album was remastered and reissued on April 1 2008 with five bonus tracks. As of 2002 Symbolic sold 36000 copies in the U.S.
 Underworld is the second studio album by the progressive/neo-classical metal band Adagio released in 2003. Also is the last to feature David Readman on vocals and Dirk Bruinenberg on drums.
 Love Enhanced Single Collection is Namie Amuro's second singles collection under the Avex Trax label. The album covers 11 of the 12 singles she released after returning from a one year maternity leave in 1998. The album excludes the single Toi et Moi which can only be found on its retailed single. The single was also excluded from her Genius 2000 album.
 Supernova is the second album of Polish band Exodus. Recorded in the end of 1981 and released in 1982 it is the last studio recording released before band's break up. It was re-released on Compact Disc by Metal Mind Productions in 2006.
 On a Clear Night is the second studio album by Australian singer-songwriter Missy Higgins released by Eleven on 28 April 2007. Higgins started work on the album straight after finishing her 2004 debut The Sound of White. She spent six months of 2006 in Broome Western Australia writing new material. She composed songs inspired by the landscape and by past relationships.
 For other uses see AL (disambiguation).A L is an EP by French singer Amanda Lear released in 1985 by Italian label Five Records.
 Analog Bubblebath Vol 2 was the second EP released by artist Richard D. James under the alias of AFX. It is also the second release in the Analogue Bubblebath series and was his first release under the AFX alias.The EP consists of three tracks and was released in 1991 on Rabbit City Records in the 12 vinyl format. No official CD copy exists.Aboriginal Mix (an alternate title for the song Digeridoo) was later released on Digeridoo and the R&S Records compilation Classics as Digeridoo.
 Bossa Nova Hotel is the debut album of rock singer/guitarist Michael Sembello. The album contained ten tracks including the smash hit Maniac from the motion picture Flashdance which topped the Billboard Hot 100 on September 1983. The album itself peaked at #80 on the Billboard 200. Automatic Man and Talk were the other singles released from the album.
 Leap of Faith is a 2000 album by the group Shooting Star.
 Radar(Ejabbabbaje) is an EP by the Italian band Verdena published with the magazine XL released in 2011.
 Quiet Storm is the fifth album by the band Cockney Rejects released in 1984.
 Live at the Gods is a live album by Hardline which was released on DVD and CD in 2003. It was recorded at the Gods Festival in Bradford England on 2 June 2002 where Hardline was the headliner for this festival. The concert was an all day festival which featured eight other bands such as Jeff Scott Soto whom marked his first live performance as a solo artist and Harem Scarem. Hardline was the last band to play at 2 a.m.
 S&M is an album released by the electronica/new wave punk rock band Le Shok on Slamdance Cosmopolis Records.
 Finally... is One True Thing's debut album.
 Beyond the Wildwood – A Tribute to Syd Barrett is a tribute album consisting of music written by Pink Floyd's original guitarist vocalist and primary songwriter Syd Barrett. The musicians performing on the album are British and American indie rock artists. The songs featured come from Pink Floyd's singles; the albums The Piper at the Gates of Dawn and A Saucerful of Secrets; and Barrett's two solo albums: The Madcap Laughs and Barrett.
 Bridezilla EP is the first official release by the Australian indie band Bridezilla. It was released on 24 November 2007
 VH1 Storytellers is a live album by American hip hop artist Kanye West released on January 5 2010 by Roc-A-Fella Records.
 Scarlet is the debut album by British quartet Code Red released in 1997 via Polydor Records. Unlike other European boybands like Boyzone Westlife and Take That Code Red had more of a soul and R&B sound which reflected in most of their songs.
 Eve is the fourth album by progressive rock band The Alan Parsons Project. It was released in 1979 (see 1979 in music). Eve's focus is on the strengths and characteristics of womenand the problems they face in the world of men. The album had originally been intended to focus on great women in history but evolved into a wider concept.On this recording the opening instrumental Lucifer was a major hit in Europe and Damned If I Do reached the US Top 30.
 Violeta Violeta is a series of studio albums by Norwegian alternative rock group Kaizers Orchestra comprising their sixth seventh and eighth studio albums. The album trilogy was released throughout 2011 and 2012.Vol. I was released on January 31 2011 going straight to #1 in VG-lista the official Norwegian Albums Chart in its first week of release. Vol. II was released November 11 2011 and Vol. III on November 2 2012.
 Bakesale is the fifth album by American indie rock band Sebadoh. It was released by Sub Pop in 1994.Bakesale was the first Sebadoh album released following the departure of founding member Eric Gaffney though he did drum on four of the album's tracks from a session engineered by Bob Weston. Tara Jane O'Neil also contributed drums to three tracks on the album.
 Sonic Explorations is the debut album by American jazz pianist Matthew Shipp and alto saxophonist Rob Brown originally issued on LP in 1988 on Cadence Jazz. Both musicians played together for about 5 years before. Sonic Explorations is a suite in 6 sections (including a piano solo and a sax solo section). The duo also plays jazz standards Oleo by Sonny Rollins and Blue in Green (credited to Miles Davis on Kind of Blue but Shipp believes that Bill Evans wrote the piece).
 Shine Through the Stars is the first full-length studio album from the Christian rock band Chasen released on April 15 2008. Two singles have been released off the album; Crazy Beautiful and Drown. The first single Crazy Beautiful reached No. 1 on CRW’s Christian Contemporary Hit Radio (CHR) chart as well as the top 10 on R&R’s CHR chart.
 Četiri godišnja doba (trans. The Four Seasons) is the an EP from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Bajaga i Instruktori released in 1991.The album features four songs each one representing a different season.The EP featured the opera singer Jadranka Jovanović as guest.
 Elsewhere for 8 Minutes is the debut album by Australian band Something for Kate. It was released in 1997 on Murmur. The name is a reference to the time it takes light travelling from the sun to reach planet earth. The band recorded the album at York St Studios in Auckland New Zealand with producer Brian Paulson whose previous credits included Wilco Slint and Son Volt. Frontman Paul Dempsey said the band chose to record overseas to avoid being interrupted.
 Incomparable Jay Concert Live (Chinese: 周杰倫2004無與倫比演唱會) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Jay Chou's second live album and Concert DVD. It was produced by Alfa Music and distributed by Sony Music Taiwan.
 The Queen Of African Music is a 17-track compilation album by Miriam Makeba released by Theo König Verlag Pläne in 1987.
 Waiting To Be Born is an EP by Rotersand. It was released on September 28 2010 and features multiple remixes from their album Random Is Resistance as well as a cover and a few extra tracks.
 Fun on Earth is the fifth studio album by singer-songwriter Roger Taylor best known as the drummer in English rock band Queen released on 11 November 2013 through Virgin EMI. It was recorded in late 2008 and throughout 2009 after the conclusion of Queen + Paul Rodgers' Rock the Cosmos Tour and was continued after the collaboration ended. It is the first album he has worked on since 2008's The Cosmos Rocks with Queen + Paul Rodgers and his first solo album since 1998's Electric Fire.
 Life's Quest is the sixth studio album by American rapper 8Ball. The album was released on July 24 2012. The album features guest appearances from Keelyn Ellis Singa MJG Big K.R.I.T. LC Ebony Love Angie Stone Slim and 2 Chainz.
 Post Marked Stamps No. 4 is a split EP between Kansas City Missouri band The Get Up Kids and Chicago Illinois group Braid. The album is the fourth in the Post Marked Stamps series a set of nine split EPs between various bands put out by Tree Records in 1997. There were 2 different pressings of the album; One distributed in the United States and another sold in Europe during the band's joint European tour.
 Phantom EP was the first release of Sydney punk group The Visitors. The Phantom EP was an emanation of an afternoons recording session at Palm Studios in Sydney on an 8-track recording system. The studio was booked by producer Charles Fisher for the band to record some demos but the band set up the recording as if it where a live set and played through what was more or less their live set list.
 Chapter V is the fifth studio album from American rock band Staind. It was released on August 9 2005 debuted at number 1 with first week sales of 185000 copies and has spawned 1 big hit single along with three moderately successful singles on rock radio. Its first single Right Here was the most successful at both rock and pop stations and it was used in a video package by World Wrestling Entertainment commemorating wrestler Edge after he won his first WWE Championship.
 This Is How It Is is Original Flavor's first album. It is produced entirely by Ski.
 Jagz Nation Vol.1. Thy Nation Come is the second studio album by Nigerian recording artist and record producer Jesse Jagz. It was released by Jagz Nation on July 10 2013. The album was primarily produced by Jesse Jagz along with additional production from Shady Bizniz of Jagz Nation Kid Konnect of RadeGold Productions GuiltyBeatZ of Jagz Nation and Samklef of KlefSounds. Jagz enlisted 9ice Wizkid Brymo and Lindsey Abudei to appear as guest appearances on the album.
 Acoustic Soul is the debut album by American soul/R&B singer India.Arie released in 2001 (see 2001 in music). It was nominated for seven Grammy Awards in 2002 including Album of the Year and Best R&B Album. Acoustic Soul was certified x2 Platinum by the RIAA for shipments of two million copies in the United States.
 Aw Come Aw Wry is the second full-length album by Phosphorescent and their first and only on the Misra Records label. It was released on June 7 2005.
 The Sour Thunder is a studio recording of Mendi + Keith Obadike's internet opera. The opera was commissioned by the Yale Cabaret and supported by the Digital Media Center at Yale. It was performed live in 2002 at two locations (Yale Cabaret and Afro-American Cultural Center at Yale) on Yale's campus and streamed to the web.
 Get Along is the third DVD released by Canadian indie rock duo Tegan and Sara. It was released in 2011 by Warner Bros. Records. Get Along is a collection of three films and a live album. The first film States is a 30-minute documentary that showcases American touring footage and interviews with Tegan and Sara detailing the early stages of their career and interactions with their fans.
 The NRA Years is a compilation album by punk rock band No Use for a Name released by Golf Records which contains many of the band's more well-known songs from their albums released by New Red Archives (NRA) Records.
 Flags and Emblems is the fifth studio album by the band Stiff Little Fingers released in 1991 (see 1991 in music).
 Love Is Blue is the 28th original studio album released by singer Johnny Mathis. It was his second album upon returning to Columbia Records after a four year sojourn with Mercury Records. He would continue to record for Columbia from this point in his career onwards.
 Only Slightly Mad is an album by the David Bromberg Band. It was released by Appleseed Recordings on September 24 2013.Writing about the album in the Philadelphia Inquirer Steve Klinge said Bromberg recorded Only Slightly Mad released by West Chester's Appleseed Recordings with producer Larry Campbell who played guitar in Dylan's touring band from 1997 to 2004 and who now runs the studio of the late Levon Helm.
 Waiting For Love (Chinese: 期待爱; pinyin: Qi Dai Ai) is a compilation album released by Singaporean singer-songwriter JJ Lin on 15 February 2008. It has selected tracks from his debut album to West Side in 2007.
 Words and Music is the fourth studio album by American country music singer Roger Miller. It was released under the Smash Records label in 1966 (see 1966 in country music). The record reached #32 on the country album charts and #108 on the Billboard 200 marking a significant drop in the charts following his first three albums.Four singles were released from the album including Husbands and Wives Miller's final top five country hit.
 Rewind is the first album by Hexstatic released on Ntone (sister label to Ninja Tune) in March 2000. The album cover features a 1980 home computer the Sinclair ZX80.
 Rocky Mountain Way is a compilation album released in 1985 by rock musician Joe Walsh.
 Thalía con banda: Grandes éxitos is a 2001 compilation album by Thalía.
 1001° Centigrades is the second album by French Zeuhl band Magma. It was released in 1971 (see 1971 in music). For this albumMagma underwent several personnel changes: guitarist Claude Engel departed without being replaced and Alain Charlery and Richard Raux made way for Louis Toesca (trumpet) and Jeff Seffer (sax bass clarinet). This was the second installment in Magma's Kobaïan saga.
 State of Emergency is the fourth studio album by Australian punk rock band The Living End. It was released in Australia on 4 February 2006 in New Zealand on 6 February and in Japan in May 2006. The album was released in the United States and Canada on 11 July 2006. It debuted in the number one position on the ARIA charts. The first single off the album was What's on Your Radio which was released on 20 November 2005.
 Mystic Fire is a 2002 album by Mountain. It features the song Immortal which was cowritten with and originally performed by Clutch.The song Immortal was originally released with different lyrics and a different arrangement as the song Baby I'm Down on Mountain Leslie West's first solo album. Clutch covered the song on their Pure Rock Fury album rearranging it and changing the lyrics; their version features a guitar solo from Leslie West.
 Heart & Soul is the nineteenth studio album by Joe Cocker released in the UK on 12 October 2004 and in the US on 1 February 2005. The album is composed solely of cover songs including a live version of the U2 song One taken from Cocker's 2004 Night of the Proms performance in Antwerp Belgium.The album reached No. 64 on Billboard's 200.
 Strange Things is the third album by Tackhead released in 1990 through SBK Records.
 The Malevolence of Mando Diao is the first compilation album by Swedish band Mando Diao containing a collection of B-sides live cuts and remixes from the band between the years 2002 and 2007.
 Amore is the eleventh studio album by Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli released on 31 January 2006 for the Valentine's Day season.
 Piracy Funds Terrorism Volume 1 usually referred to simply as Piracy Funds Terrorism is a mixtape produced by British recording artist M.I.A. and American DJ Diplo featuring vocal tracks intended for M.I.A.'s debut album Arular mashed up with samples of other recordings. The mixtape was produced by the two artists at Diplo's home studio in Philadelphia Pennsylvania.
 Midnight Lightning is the posthumous ninth studio album by American guitarist Jimi Hendrix released in November 1975. It was the sixth studio album released after his death and the second to be produced by Alan Douglas and Tony Bongiovi.
 Life for Rent is the second studio album by the British singer-songwriter Dido released by Arista Records on 29 September 2003. The album was produced by Rollo Armstrong and American songwriter Rick Nowels. Work on the album began in mid-2002. It was certified 7× Platinum by the BPI; and sold over 12 million copies worldwide making it the fourth best selling album worldwide of 2003.
 Just for the Record was Ray Stevens' thirteenth studio album and his first for Warner Bros. Records released in 1976. For this album Stevens specializes particularly in the music genre of country. Joe Cocker's hit You Are So Beautiful is the only cover song on the album. You Are So Beautiful and Honky Tonk Waltz are two singles lifted from the album.
 Swirly Termination is an album by British band Ozric Tentacles. Though released in 2000 this record contains songs made as early as 1992. The reason for this is that the band had to deliver one more album to their record company Snapper Music before parting ways and thus came up with some previously unreleased material.This album was not promoted by the band in any way and apart from the songs itself they did not contribute to either the title nor the artwork.
 Quiet Nights is the tenth studio album by Canadian jazz singer-songwriter and pianist Diana Krall released on March 31 2009 by Verve Records. The album marks Krall's first work with arranger Claus Ogerman since 2002's Live in Paris and her first studio work with Ogerman since 2001's The Look of Love.
 Guitars is an album by McCoy Tyner released on his McCoy Tyner Music (a subsidiary of Half Note Records) label in 2008. It was recorded in September 2007 and features performances by Tyner Ron Carter and Jack DeJohnette with Marc Ribot John Scofield Béla Fleck Derek Trucks and Bill Frisell. The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos states that It's an interesting slice in time but not a definitive recording in Tyner's legendary and lengthy musical career.
 2002 is the first compilation album by rap group Tha Dogg Pound. It is made up of unreleased material recorded by Tha Dogg Pound while they were signed on to Death Row Records remixed and updated by then-head producer Cold 187um. Tha Dogg Pound were signed to Dillinger's D.P.G. Recordz and released their own album that year called Dillinger & Young Gotti. The album title is meant to imply it is a sequel or response of sorts to Dr. Dre's 2001 and the song 'Just Doggin' was produced by Dr. Dre.
 Touch is the fifth album by American singer Laura Branigan released in 1987 on Atlantic Records.This album marked a change in Branigan's career. Under new management and using a different producer the singer took a more active role in the studio gaining hands-on experience which she used to self-produce tracks on her subsequent albums. Touch also saw her return to dancefloors with the first single the Stock/Aitken/Waterman-produced Shattered Glass.
 In A Mellow Mood was a collection of ballads by KC and the Sunshine Band released in 2005. All but three of the tracks had been issued on prior albums. Two of the exceptions - Remember and Love Disappears - were said in the liner notes to come from the album Yummy which had not yet been released in 2005. When Yummy was finally released in 2007 only Love Disappears was on the track list making Remember unique to this collection.
 Stray Arrows: A Collection of Favorites is the first compilation album released by the American alternative metal band Chevelle on December 4 2012.
 The Wicked Symphony is the fourth full-length album by Tobias Sammet's rock opera project Avantasia released on April 3 2010 parallel with Angel of Babylon. The Wicked Symphony was released both as part of a box set with the two albums combined and as an individual album.
 Were It Not For You was released on the March 4 2008. It is the 2nd CD released by Baumer through Eyeball Records.
 The Shape of Grace is the second album by Out of the Grey released in 1992.
 Zebu Nation is Razia Said's first album off U.S. based label Cumbancha. On the disc Razia sings about the destruction of the natural world on her island nation. Extreme poverty has made slash and burn agriculture one of the only means of supporting a family. Razia Said a native of Madagascar engages the Malagasy style she grew up with while blending the Jazz and R&B sounds she became familiar with while living in New York City.
 Down for the Count is the seventh studio album by American hard rock/heavy metal band Y&T released in 1985 through A&M Records. It contains the band's biggest hit Summertime Girls which charted at #55 on the Billboard Hot 100. This song had initially appeared as the lone studio track on the band's live album Open Fire released earlier in the year.
 Cold Case Files: Vol 2 is the seventh album & second compilation album released by hardcore rap group Onyx released in February of 2014. Cold Case Files: Vol 2 was released in February 2014 and features 16 tracks. It is Onyx's first album to be available in digital format only.
 Against the Grain is a greatest hits album from the Australian folk-rock group Redgum.As of 2012 it is one of only three Redgum albums available on CD the others being Caught in the Act and another best of album The Essential Redgum.
 The Ills of Modern Man is the third studio album by Canadian deathcore band Despised Icon. It was released on May 22 2007 through Century Media Records. The album sold more than 2000 copies its first week and peaked at number 28 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers.
 Maybe Memories is a compilation album by American rock band The Used. It was released on July 15 2003 and has since been certified platinum. The album consists of live songs from their self-titled album demos from Demos from the Basement and previously unreleased material.
 Dreams of the Carrion Kind is the only album released by American death metal band Disincarnate. It was released in 1993.
 Re:Release is the second release by hip hop group the Juggaknots. It is a reissue of their debut EP Clear Blue Skies with 11 added tracks. The album was not a mainstream success.The Circle Pt. 1 is featured on soundtrack for Tony Hawk's Underground.
 Basie Big Band is a 1975 studio album by Count Basie and his orchestra.
 Consumed is a live album by GOD released on October 19 1993 through Sentrax.
 We Get Requests is a 1964 album by Oscar Peterson.
 The World of Faderhead is Faderhead's fifth album. It was recorded and mastered throughout December with a deadline of 28 December. Two of the songs are set to feature guest vocalists; Daniel Myer & Shaolyn. It was released digitally on March 15 and will be released on CD on the 30th.A video was done for the song Fistful of Fuck You. The video features Faderhead in a club playing a 90's style arcade game similar to the style of Streets of Rage.
 The Future Is Medieval is the fourth studio album released by English rock band Kaiser Chiefs. The album was made available through the band's official website on 3 June 2011 before being released in shops on 27 June. The album was later re-issued in North America under the new title Start the Revolution Without Me. This version of the album was released on 6 March 2012 and includes the brand new track On the Run plus tracks previously only available on the digital version of the album.
 Vitamin C is the self-titled debut album by pop singer Vitamin C released in 1999. The album was a runaway success. Initially failing to chart it would later climb the Billboard 200 to #29 and was certified as Gold and later certified Platinum by the RIAA. The Japanese edition featured the song The Only One as a bonus track. The album spawned two hits the Gold-selling Top 20 hit Smile and the Top 40 hit Graduation (Friends Forever).
 I Don't Care is an album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos released in 1964. It reached Number one on the Billboard Country charts and Number 135 on the Pop Albums charts. The single I Don't Care spent six weeks at number one.The album features a duet with Rose Maddox as well as lead vocals by Don Rich and Doyle Holly. It was re-released on CD in 1995 by Sundazed Records with two bonus tracks both instrumentals from The Buck Owens Songbook.
 Bad Walking Woman is the third album by jazz organist Leon Spencer recorded for the Prestige label in 1972.
 Days for Days is The Loud Family's fourth full length album. The band's leader Scott Miller and the bass guitar player Kenny Kessel are the only members of the band remaining from the previous album. Gil Ray who had been a member of Miller's 1980s band Game Theory rejoined Miller for this album.Odd-numbered tracks on this album are soundscapes without names while even-numbered tracks are named songs.
 The Nightly Disease is the second album of the Norwegian alternative rock band Madrugada. In 2011 the album was remastered and re-issued with a bonus disc featuring much unreleased and unheard material.
 Four Winds is the sixth studio album from British alternative rock band The Lightning Seeds and is their first album of new material since 1999. It was released on 25 May 2009 under Universal's Stage Three Records.The first single Ghosts was released on 11 May 2009.
 Olé is the 21st original studio album released by Johnny Mathis. It is his fifth album for Mercury Records.
 Wedding Album is a studio album by Leon Russell and his then wife Mary Russell otherwise known as.Mary McCreary It was the first album released on Leon Russell's record label Paradise Records which was distributed by Warner Bros. Records. Leon and Mary Russell are also credited as producers of the album with the exception of the final track Daylight which was produced by its writer Bobby Womack.
 Cinquemilaquarantatre is an album by Italian singer Mina.
 Whiskey on a Sunday is a 2006 DVD/album by the Irish-American punk band Flogging Molly. The album features a mix of live and studio recordings and comes with a DVD featuring a documentary of the band. The songs featured on the album include a studio recording of Laura which was previously only available on the live album Alive Behind the Green Door followed by studio acoustic and live versions of songs from their previous studio albums.
 Lo Bello y lo Prohibido (Eng.: Beautiful and Forbidden) is the title of a studio album released by Spanish singer-songwriter Braulio in 1989. This album became his second number-one set on the Billboard Latin Pop Albums. The album yielded the singles Juguete de Nadie En Bancarrota Noche de Boda and La Pu... ra Vida.
 Jaktens tid (English: The Time of the Hunt) is the second studio album by the Finnish folk metal band Finntroll. It was released in 2001 by Spinefarm Records.
 Red Lamb is the debut studio album by American heavy metal band Red Lamb. It was released in February 2012 first [via iTunes] as music download and on CD and vinyl LP.Dave Mustaine was involved in the album’s production.
 Topsy – Standard Book is an album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard recorded in December 1989 and released on the Japanese Alpha/Compose label. It features performances by Hubbard Benny Green Carl Allen Rufus Reid and Kenny Garrett. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states the music is often more mellow than one might hope even when uptempo. It's a pleasing but not essential release.
 Sailing Soul(s) (stylized as .sailing soul(s).) is the debut mixtape by American singer-songwriter Jhené Aiko released on March 16 2011. Aiko began working on the mixtape after she gave birth to her daughter Aiko wrote all the mixtape's songs except from July which was written by Micah Powell.
 Rather Death Than False Of Faith (Metalother Records 1988) is the debut album from UK thrash metal group Hydra Vein.
 Tocando Madera is the third album of the Puerto Rican rock band Sol D'Menta. It is their first live album and it was recorded September 2 1999 during a presentation of the band at the Hard Rock Cafe in San Juan Puerto Rico. The album was released by on April 25 2000.
 Welcome to the Fall is the debut album of Arizona-based hard rock/post-grunge band 32 Leaves released September 6 2005. The band recorded and mixed it with Larry Love Elyea of Bionic Jive fame at The Salt Mine and Mind's Eye Digital. Welcome to the Fall was not widely promoted and never charted.
 Night Bugs is the second album by Canadian artist Sarah Slean.
 Prince of Darkness is the fourth album by rapper Big Daddy Kane which was released October 29 1991 on Cold Chillin' Records. The album features guest appearances from Q-Tip and Busta Rhymes and features the singles Groove with It Raw ’91 and The Lover in You.
 Live KST Akademija is a live album and the debut release by the Serbian alternative rock band Block Out released in 1993. The album was released only on compact cassette and was never rereleased on compact disc.
 Collection is a compilation album of jazz songs by American pianist Joe Sample that was released in 1991 through GRP Records.This album sampler includes tracks from albums released in 1978-1985 while Joe Sample recorded with Blue Thumb and MCA recording companies.
 Sings in Italian for You is an album by the singer Dalida.
 Better Late Than Never is the first solo album by New York rapper and Wu-Tang Clan affiliate Trife Diesel. It was released on July 21 2009 under Traffic Entertainment Group record label and features production from UK beatsmith Quincey Tones who also produced for Royce da 5'9 Busta Rhymes Talib Kweli eMC and Ghostface Killah.
 Mëkanïk Dëstruktïẁ Kömmandöh (MDK) is an album released by French progressive rock band Magma in 1973. MDK is Magma's most famous and stylistically acclaimed record; and although it has not become a commercial success the band continues to present this 'classic' or 'symphonic rock' material to audiences. The French edition of Rolling Stone magazine named this album the 33rd greatest French rock album (out of 100).
 El Nino is the third studio album by progressive metal band Eldritch which was released in 1998.
 Polen was the fourth studio album of Lynda Thomas and was released in 2001.Mala lecheEstoy vivaLo mejor de míAmar asíPerdedorAy ay ayPara tíDe pieEn el andénAbrazamePolen
 Volume 5: Poetry for the Masses (SeaShedShitheadByTheSheSore) is the fifth installment of The Desert Sessions series a side project of Queens of the Stone Age frontman Josh Homme. The album was originally released in 1999 as a clear 10 vinyl. A re-recorded version of the track You Think I Ain't Worth a Dollar But I Feel Like a Millionaire would later appear on Queens of the Stone Age's Songs for the Deaf album with Nick Oliveri on vocals in place of Mario Lalli.
 Baobabs in the Basement is the debut album by Fire Flies released in 2005.
 Beautiful: A Tribute to Gordon Lightfoot is a tribute album to Canadian singer-songwriter Gordon Lightfoot released in 2003 on Borealis Records.
 Destroy All Music is the second album by The Flying Luttenbachers released in 1995 through ugEXPLODE.
 Oscillator is an EP by Information Society. It was their first new commercial release after six-year break.This six-song record uses the vocal stylings of newcomer Christopher Anton as well as a range of intriguing guests and remixers. In addition to four mixes of the underground hit Back in the Day and the well-received track I Like The Way You Werk It there is a rare live recording of Great Big Disco World made at Club Milky Robot in Osaka Japan in 2006.
 Spiritual Unity is a 2005 album by Marc Ribot released on Pi Recordings. The album features compositions by Albert Ayler who Ribot identifies as a significant influence. It was recorded at Orange Music Sound Studio West Orange New Jersey on October 28 2004 except Bells which was recorded live at Tonic in New York City on October 27 2004.
 Romeo is the second EP of South Korean boy group Shinee released on May 21 2009 in South Korea. The track Juliette were used as the promotional single an instrumental remake of Corbin Bleu's Deal with It.
 Ode to the Builders is the third album of the band Leiahdorus.
 Songs from the Eye of An Elephant is the first solo album by singer/songwriter Ryan Star. It was first released independently on Stone Crow Records in 2005. The album was re-released with major distribution on September 19 2006 by KOCH Records shortly after Star's appearance on the CBS reality show Rock Star: Supernova.
 WOW Hits 2012 is a two-disc compilation album composed of some of the biggest hits on Christian radio in 2011. This disc features 33 songs (39 on the deluxe edition). As of 27 September 2011 the WOW series of which this release is a part has sold 17 million copies.The album reached No. 2 on the Billboard Christian Album chart[citation needed] and No. 35 on the Billboard 200.[citation needed] As of June 2012 the album has sold 284000 copies.
 Israel is an album by American jazz trombonists Kai Winding and J. J. Johnson featuring performances recorded in 1968 and released on the CTI label.
 Under These Rocks and Stones is the first album by Canadian singer/songwriter Chantal Kreviazuk released in 1997 (see 1997 in music). Several singles were released in Canada including God Made Me Believer Wayne Surrounded and Hands. Surrounded became the most successful hit of the parent album generating controversy with its lyrics and eventually receiving airplay even in the US.
 Book of Days is the seventh album by Meredith Monk released in 1990 through ECM New Series.
 Parade is the self-titled debut studio album by British girl group Parade. The album was released on November 11 2011 by Asylum Records. This album missed the top hundred of the UK Albums Chart charting at 171 which led to the band being dropped from the record label.
 Think About Life is self-titled debut album by Think About Life.
 FabricLive.43 is a 2008 album by Switch & Sinden. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Wall of Voodoo (EP) is an EP released by Wall of Voodoo in 1980. In 1991 it was re-released on CD under the title The Index Masters with live bonus tracks. It contains one of Wall of Voodoo's best-known songs Ring of Fire which is a cover of the Johnny Cash song featuring moody guitars and synthesizers. The second half of Ring of Fire features a dissonant guitar solo covering the theme to the 1966 film Our Man Flint.
 Kenny Rogers is the title of Kenny Rogers' second solo album for United Artists Records released worldwide in 1977. The album marked his first major solo success following the minor success of Love Lifted Me in 1976.The album produced two singles. The first single 1976's Laura (What He's Got That I Ain't Got?) peaked at #19. This song was originally a #1 country hit for Leon Ashley in 1967.
 With Everything I Feel in Me is the twenty second studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin Released on November 25 1974 by Atlantic Records. This recording did not do as well commercially as previous Franklin albums. The LP reached #57 on Billboard's Top Album charts and peaked at #6 on the R&B album charts. None of its singles reached the Top 40 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 The Ragpicker's Dream is the third solo album by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler released on 30 September 2002 by Mercury Records internationally and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States. The album received generally favorable reviews upon its release.
 Sleepaway is the debut album by the Buffalo New York indie rock band Sleepaway released by No Milk Records.
 The Wozard of Iz is an electronic album written by Jacques Wilson with music composed and performed by Mort Garson. It parodies the movie The Wizard of Oz (1939) setting the characters in a stereotypical 1960s hippie mindset. Throughout the story the main character Dorothy seeks out where it's at.
 A Tribute to Miles is a tribute album by Herbie Hancock Wayne Shorter Tony Williams Ron Carter and Wallace Roney to pay homage to the their recently departed mentor Miles Davis who died in September 1991. Playing the part of Davis was young trumpet player Wallace Roney. Two of the songs were recorded live during their national tour honoring their fallen mentor.This album won all five men a Grammy award for Best Jazz Instrumental Performance Individual Or Group.
 New Asian Cinema is the first of three one-sided 12 records by the Mountain Goats on Olympia WA's Yo Yo label. The B-side of the record includes etchings by Nikki McClure. It was produced by Pat Maley and Brooks Martin.
 Almost Happy is the fourth studio album by Belgian rock band K's Choice.
 Biddi-luxe! is the debut album of The Lascivious Biddies.
 http://levert2.com/wp-content/gallery/albums/just-coolin.jpgJust Coolin' is the fourth album by Cleveland, Ohio-based R&B group LeVert.
 Chet Baker Sings and Plays (subtitled With Bud Shank Russ Freeman and Strings) is an album by jazz trumpeter Chet Baker recorded in 1955 for Barclay Records and released on the Pacific Jazz label.
 Fried Green Tomatoes is the ninth and final studio album by country music artist Ricky Van Shelton. Of the two singles released The Decision charted at number 71 while Call Me Crazy failed to chart. This was his only release for the Audium label. All I Have to Offer You Is Me is a cover of a Charley Pride single. I'm the One was previously recorded by McBride & the Ride on their 1992 album Sacred Ground which also includes a cover of All I Have to Offer You Is Me.
 Live at Thee Circus is a live 12 vinyl release by Psychic TV.
 Journey to the End of the Night is the debut studio album by the Norwegian progressive metal band Green Carnation released by The End Records on 28 May 2000. This is also the last composition by Green Carnation featuring Christian X Botteri.The title is a reference to Louis-Ferdinand Celine's epitomical novel Journey to the End of the Night.
 En Concierto 1983 is the 3rd album from Mexican pop music Group Timbiriche. It was released on 1983.
 The 3rd Masterpiece is the third Korean studio album by SG Wannabe. Once again the album manage to chart high reaching #1 on numerous charts. The album has sold 335545 copies including CD sales and digital disc sales. The title track Partner For Life also won the Digital Music Daesang and Bonsang at the Golden Disk Awards in 2006.
 Acoustic features a ten-song acoustic EP and DVD footage of Bayside's acoustic set on the Never Sleep Again Tour 2005 at the House of Blues Chicago. The DVD also features a making of the album video and a John Beatz Holohan montage segment who was killed in a car crash on October 31 2005. The album was recorded in only one day.
 Prisoner In Disguise (1975) is Linda Ronstadt's sixth solo LP release and her second for the label Asylum Records. It followed Ronstadt's Multi-Platinum breakthrough album Heart Like A Wheel which became her first of three #1 albums on the Billboard album chart in early 1975.This album has never been out of print.
 This article describes the 24th album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 24 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 24 or Now 24 was released in 1993 on vinyl audio cassette and Compact Disc.
 1000X is a 10 EP/CDEP released by Man or Astro-man?. The 10 was released on clear vinyl and on black vinyl.
 Black Tape is the second full-length album from The Explosion. It was released in the United States on October 15 2004 on Virgin Records.
 I Blast Off! is the second EP by Black Cat #13. It was released in 2000 on 31G Records.
 The Night Owl is Gregg Karukas' first album and is known as some of his finest work.
 Le Même Soleil (English: The Same Sun) is a 2010 album recorded by French singer Grégoire. It provided four singles : Danse Soleil La Promesse a duet with Jean-Jacques Goldman and On s'envolera. The album entered the French Physical Chart at number one selling about 23600 units then dropped and fell off the top ten after four weeks.
 The Pretender is the fourth album by American singer/songwriter Jackson Browne released in 1976 (see 1976 in music). It peaked at #5 on Billboard's album chart. The singles from the album were Here Come Those Tears Again which reached number 23 and The Pretender which peaked at number 58. It was ranked number 391 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
 In It for the Money is the second album by English alternative rock band Supergrass released in 1997. NME called it more fun than watching a wombat in a washing machine and named it the 10th best album of the year. In 1998 Q readers voted it the 68th greatest album of all time while in 2000 the same magazine placed it at number 57 in its list of the 100 Greatest British Albums Ever. Its sound is more focused and ambitious than their debut I Should Coco.
 Strong Reaction is the debut album of Pegboy released on September 15 1991 through Quarterstick Records.
 U Ime Igre is a studio album by the Serbian hip-hop artist Lud. The album features many Serbian hip-hop artists including Struka VIP Marčelo Looney and others. The whole album was produced by Lud only the track Bang Bang was co-produced by Oneya.
 Out of Love is the debut studio album of indie rock supergroup Mister Heavenly. It was released on August 16 2011 on the record label Sub Pop.
 Love Songs is the second album released by singer Jordan Knight on September 12 2006. The single Say Goodbye reached #24 in the US Billboard Adult Contemporary Chart.
 You're All I Need is the second studio album by soul musicians Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell released in August 1968 on Motown-subsidiary label Tamla Records.
 Classic is a studio album from California indie hip hop group Living Legends. It was released in 2005.
 Vent is a second studio album by the German metalcore band Caliban.Until 2014 it was the only Caliban album to feature clean vocals by Andreas Dörner.
 Say Hello to Sunshine is the second studio album by American rock band Finch released on June 7 2005. This album signaled a sharp departure from the band's last release What It Is to Burn. Say Hello to Sunshine introduced a harder gritty sound with less screaming and a more of an alternative rock sound compared to earlier recordings. The album received mixed reactions.
 Concert by the Sea is a 1955 live album by pianist Erroll Garner which was recorded in Carmel California. The recording also features Eddie Calhoun on bass and Denzil Best on drums and although it was produced using relatively primitive sound equipment Garner's inventiveness and musical talent have ensured the album has become one of his most notable.
 This is a list of albums for the anime OVA series Macross Plus. The series has been described as needing an extremely strong score to support the plot about the rise of a popular singing idol who turns out to be a computer generated Artificial Intelligence. This is none other than Sharon Apple whose music itself is featured in the series. There are four albums: two soundtracks and two albums featuring the songs of Sharon Apple.
 Straight from the Heart is the sixth album by American country music singer Daryle Singletary. It was released on February 27 2007 via Shanachie Records. Like his last album 2002's That's Why I Sing This Way this album is largely composed of cover songs save for I Still Sing This Way which is an original song. It and Jesus & Bartenders were both released as singles from this album although both failed to chart. As with his last covers album this one includes several guest appearances.
 Stages is a live album by Canadian hard rock band Triumph released in 1985. The tracks were recorded from various performances over the prior three years 1981–1984 although two new studio tracks were added: Mind Games and Empty Inside.
 Thing of the Past is the third studio album by Andy Cabic's San-Francisco-based band Vetiver.The album consists of cover songs originally performed by songwriters Andy Cabic considers influential in his music & life. Several of the original authors appear as guests on their respective songs including Michael Hurley. Thing of the Past was recorded in Spring 2007 in Sacramento and Los Angeles.
 Right Here is Eddie Money's eighth album released in 1991. The video for I'll Get By is dedicated to producer Bill Graham who worked with Money on previous projects.
 For Love and Laughter is a studio album by Irish traditional band Solas and the first to feature their new singer Mairéad Phelan. The album was recorded in Ireland and in Philadelphia and features songs from Boston singer Antje Duvekot. The album is made up of instrumental tracks and songs including one in Gaelic.
 Far Away in Time was a 1987 CD compilation of tracks by Martha and the Muffins.
 The Last Supper is the fourth album released by American stand-up comedian Jim Gaffigan. It focuses largely on his love of food.
 The Good Son is the sixth album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds released in 1990 (see 1990 in music). It was preceded by the release of The Ship Song/The Train Song single. The Weeping Song/Cock's 'n' Asses was later also released as a single. After an album as dark and intense as Tender Prey some fans were disappointed to hear a relaxed and loving Nick Cave on this record.
 King Fear is the Babylon Whores' second full-length album. It was released on CD in 1999 by Necropolis Records.
 Formerly Known is the second mixtape by American Christian hip hop artist Andy Mineo and his first under the Reach Records label. It was released as a free digital download on September 9 2011. Formerly known as C-Lite Mineo dropped this stage name when he signed to Reach in July 2011.
 Live in California 2006 EP is a live EP by Regina Spektor recorded in California.
 Another Phase is Maria Mena's debut album which was released by Sony Music Norway. It reached #6 on the Norwegian charts. Her two singles Free and My Lullaby first appeared on this album.The album was co-written and produced by Arvid Solvang.
 Live at the Blank Canvas is the first live DVD album by British rock band The Music released in the United Kingdom on 1 September 2003 (see 2003 in music). The DVD is a live recording of the band's homecoming date; the last of that year's UK tour.
 Rage Against the Machine (also known as Rage Against the Machine: The Video) is the official self-titled debut video release by Rage Against the Machine. The video was released in 1997 and includes footage from various performances as well as video clips.
 Resolution is a 2006 album by instrumental rock solo artist Andy Timmons.
 Uno Dos Tres 1•2•3 is an album by jazz percussionist Willie Bobo recorded in 1966 and released on the Verve label.
 Välkommen till folkhemmet is a 1983 album from Swedish pop and rock artist Magnus Uggla. It is the first album to focus on what later became his signature sound pop rock with satiric lyrics.IQ is a cover of Bruce Woolley's Blue Blue (Victoria) with new unrelated lyrics in Swedish.
 Army of Mushrooms is the eighth studio album by Infected Mushroom released on May 8 2012 under Dim Mak Records. It features a cover of The Pretender by Foo Fighters Serve My Thirst and U R So Fucked (which was released as a single/video on February 14 2012).Similar to the release of Vicious Delicious Army of Mushrooms differs greatly from their previous styles with experimentation in dubstep electro house and drum and bass.
 Animal Instinct is the title of the 1993 début release by instrumental rock guitarist Gary Hoey. The album featured his version of the hit Hocus Pocus originally done by 1970s Dutch progressive rock band Focus. His band at the time consisted of a few notable names of 1980s hard rock including ex-Firm bassist Tony Franklin keyboardist Claude Schnell (ex-Dio) and drummer Frankie Banali (ex-Quiet Riot).
 We Too Are One is the seventh studio album by the British pop music duo Eurythmics released in September 1989. It would be the duo's last studio release for a decade until 1999's Peace.
 Shakespeare is the debut album by comedian Anthony Jeselnik released digitally on September 21 2010 by Comedy Central Records.
 All About Men is a CD which is presented by Universal Music and produced by TVB Music Limited. The songs in this CD are all by male actors. This CD was produced in April 2005.
 New Faces New Sounds is the debut album by American pianist Kenny Drew recorded and released in 1953 on Blue Note Records as a 10 vinyl.
 If You Want Me is the final solo studio album recorded by R&B and Gospel singer Carolyn Franklin (sister of Aretha Franklin) for RCA Records in 1976.
 The Essential Blind Willie Johnson is a compilation by Blind Willie Johnson released as a double-CD set in 2013 as part of Columbia Records' The Essential series.
 My Degeneration is the fourth studio album by the punk rock band Flashlight Brown. It is the band's first major-label release.This album came to be after Rob Cavallo contacted the band during one of their many tours of Canada. Cavallo was interested in recording two songs with the band but this quickly turned into an entire album.
 Kenneth Higney is a rock musician whose first album Attic Demonstration became a cult favourite amongst outsider music record collectors. It was recorded in 1976 as a means of selling his songwriting services to other musicians but was released as a commercial prospect.
 Difficult Loves is the fourth studio album released by Australian rock band Weddings Parties Anything. The album was named after a Gabriel Garcia Marquez short story. The first single lifted from the album Father's Day reached #29 on the Australian Singles Charts.
 Recover is the second full-length album by American metalcore band Confide released on May 18 2010 via Tragic Hero Records. The album was recorded in the Winter of 2009 at The Foundation Studios by Joey Sturgis. Recover was the band's last album before disbanding in November 2010.
 Fluxedo is the second album by dobro player Jerry Douglas released in 1982 (see 1982 in music). The album's title comes from Douglas' nickname of Flux. Fluxedo is out of print although all of the tracks can be found on the compilation Everything Is Gonna Work Out Fine.The type of formal wear shown in the cover photo is actually not a tuxedo. A tuxedo also known as black tie is a type of male semi-formal evening wear.
 Dear Ms. Leading is the first album by The Dear Hunter. It was recorded entirely by Casey Crescenzo formerly of The Receiving End of Sirens. The album was created as a demo but is nevertheless a standalone work.
 Prince Valium is the only studio album by the American rock band Medication.
 Non Stop Rock'n Roll is the third studio album by Norwegian glam metal band Wig Wam. The album was released on January 21 2010 making it the first Wig Wam-album to be released worldwide on the same day.
 Smokey is the first solo album by Motown legend Smokey Robinson after his departure from The Miracles. It was released on Motown Records' Tamla subsidiary label (T328L) in 1973 and featured the single Sweet Harmony which was his tribute to his former singing partners in the Miracles: Bobby Rogers Pete Moore and Ronnie White. The album was arranged by Dave Blumberg Gene Page and Willie Hutch.
 The McGarrigle Christmas Hour is a 2005 album by Kate and Anna McGarrigle. A sequel to their 1998 album The McGarrigle Hour the album features a program of Christmas music recorded by the McGarrigles their family and a number of friends and collaborators.
 Epic is a compilation album by American R&B musician R. Kelly released September 13 2010 in Europe through Jive Records and Sony Music. It is yet to be released in the United States. The album is a collection of Kelly's most epic ballads such as the hits The World's Greatest If I Could Turn Back the Hands of Time I'm Your Angel or I Believe I Can Fly.
 Breaker is the third album released by German heavy metal band Accept. It was once again recorded at Delta-Studio in Wilster with Dirk Steffens producing and was the first Accept album engineered by Michael Wagener. Bassist Peter Baltes sings lead vocal on Breaking Up Again and the bridge vocal on Midnight Highway.After the unsuccessful attempt at commercialism on I'm a Rebel Accept decided not to allow any more outside people to influence the band.
 The Punisher: The Album is the official soundtrack for the film The Punisher and was released in 2004 by Wind-Up Records. Its lead singles were Broken by Seether and Evanescence frontwoman Amy Lee Step Up by Drowning Pool and Eyes Wired Shut by Edgewater all of which have accompanying music videos.
 Sleater-Kinney is the debut studio album by the American rock band Sleater-Kinney released in 1995 by Chainsaw Records. The album received favorable reviews from critics.
 Somewhere Else is the first album of Eva Avila the winner of the fourth season of Canadian Idol. It's been released in Canada on November 14 2006. The album was largely produced by Rob Wells and includes a song produced by Cyndi Lauper: This Kind of Love her debut single Meant to Fly her second single I Owe It All To You and her newest single Fallin' for You. According to Avila the album took three and a half weeks to record.
 Let's Face the Music! is a 1964 studio album by Nat King Cole arranged by Billy May. It was recorded in November 1961 and released three years later.
 Tavern Tour is a prank call comedy album by the Bum Bar Bastards. This is their second album of prank calls featuring more Tube Bar calls as well as some others.The album was originally released in 1997 by Padded Cell Productions available only on cassette tape. Later on in September 2007 the album was remastered and re-released by T.A. Productions the on CD.In January 2013 TubeBarPrankCalls.com released a new version featuring 48 tracks under the title Tube Bar Prank Calls Vol.
 Masks and Faces is the debut album by the New Klezmer Trio Ben Goldberg - clarinet Dan Seamans - bass and Kenny Wollesen - drums which was originall released on the Nine Winds label in 1991 and re-released on the Tzadik label in 1996.
 Suite for the Seven Mountains (released April 15 2008 in UK by the label Edition Records – CALI074CD) is the debut album of the Norwegian saxophonist Marius Neset and his «People Are Machines».
 Piece of Paradise is a pop rock album released by the Canadian band Sky on June 29 1999.
 Los Superhéroes is the debut studio album by reggaeton duo J-King & Maximan released on June 15 2010.
 Hisingen Blues is the second full length studio album by Swedish hard rock band Graveyard. It was released on 25 March 2011.
 Codona 3 is the third and final album by the jazz trio Codona which featured sitarist and tabla player Collin Walcott trumpeter Don Cherry and percussionist Naná Vasconcelos recorded in 1982 and released on the ECM label.
 Misdemeanor is the first studio album from Swedish female stoner rock band Misdemeanor.
 So Young So Insane is the second EP by You Me and Everyone We Know a rock band from Washington D.C. The six-track record was released independently on November 18 2008.
 The American Farewell Tour is a compilation album by American country music band Alabama. It was released in 2003 via RCA Nashville. The album peaked at number 6 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 From the Archives Vol. 1 is a 2007 release by The Future Sound of London. It is the first part of a series of compilation albums chronicling for the most part their 90's period; the series' album art in particular reflects this. It was widely anticipated by FSOL fans and the series as a whole has received a positive reception. It like the rest of the series was available for digital download on their site FSOLdigital.com first then was released a month or so later on CD.
 Morpheus is an album by Canadian industrial/electronic music group Delerium in 1989.
 Talk to Me is the fifth solo album by Joey McIntyre a member of New Kids on the Block. These are smooth contemporary renditions of classic songs previously recorded by Frank Sinatra and other great singers. From December 19 2006 to February 11 2007 McIntyre went on the 38 city smash hit tour Dancing with the Stars - The Tour performing Come Dance With Me with dancers and The Way You Look Tonight with the band. During the eight weeks tour the album sold 10000 copies.
 Karam Kimi Djabate's second solo album off U.S based label Cumbancha is rooted in Djabté's upbringing as a griot and professional musician in his home country of Guinea-Bissau. Now based out of Lisbon Portugal Djabaté's Karam incorporates a variety of European sounds into the traditional sounds of his home village.
 The music for the anime series Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex was primarily composed by Yoko Kanno and produced by Victor Entertainment. Soundtracks were also produced for the two OVA films The Laughing Man and Individual Eleven and the TV film Solid State Society.
 iTunes Festival: London 2012 is a live EP by Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli. The album was recorded at the iTunes Festival in September 2012 at The Roundhouse in London. It was later released to the iTunes Store on 4 October 2012.
 Boys Town is Nasty Idols fifth album release after 2002's Heroes for Sale. It is largely seen as a return to the sound that made them well known in Sweden with their albums Cruel Intention and Vicious. It is the band's first album with drummer Rikki Dahl who replaced Stanley in the band's recent tours.
 Shake Your Money Maker is the debut album by the American rock band The Black Crowes released in February 1990 on Def American Recordings. It is the only album by the band to feature guitarist Jeff Cease. The album is named after a classic blues song written by Elmore James.
 If I Could Turn Back Time: Cher's Greatest Hits is the fourth U.S. compilation album by American singer-actress Cher released on March 9 1999 by Geffen.
 Salvation is the Finnish rock band Smack's third studio album. It was released in 1987.
 The Heavens Are Telling is an album by multiple Grammy- and Stellar- award winning gospel singer Karen Clark Sheard released on November 4 2003.
 Frank Sinatra Conducts Music from Pictures and Plays is a 1962 studio album conducted by Frank Sinatra and arranged by Harry Sukman.This was the first album that Sinatra conducted for his new record label Reprise Records.
 Morning is the third studio album by American R&B-soul singer-songwriter Amel Larrieux released in the United States on April 25 2006. Larrieux's second album released on her own independent label Blisslife Records it peaked at number seventy-four on the Billboard 200 and number eight on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums becoming the singer's highest-charting solo album on both charts to date.
 Retrospective: 1995–2005 is Natalie Merchant's first greatest hits album featuring her most popular songs. It was released on 27 September 2005 on Elektra Records.
 Bad Taste is an album by The Killer Barbies. It was released in 2000 on Drakkar Records.
 Ella Fitzgerald Sings Sweet Songs for Swingers is a 1959 album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald recorded with a studio Orchestra arranged and conducted by Frank DeVol.Ella focuses on well known jazz standards by lesser known songwriters a useful counterbalance to her continuing songbooks project which at this time found her in the midst of recording the epic George and Ira Gershwin Songbook.
 Finally is the third album from R&B group Blackstreet. It was their last album on Interscope Records. This album featured new member Terrell Phillips after the departure of Mark Middleton. After the success of their multi-platinum last album Another Level their label allowed them more of a bigger budget for the next album. Finally was recorded at Teddy Riley's studio Future Recording Studios based in Virginia Beach Virginia.
 Best of Dana Dane is a compilation the fourth and final album released by Dana Dane. It was released on March 26 2002 on BMG Special Products and was produced by Hurby Luv Bug and the Invincibles. The album only featured songs from Dana Dane's first two albums Dana Dane with Fame and Dana Dane 4 Ever leaving his last album Rollin' Wit Dana Dane out because of its different ownership.
 Beyond Humanity is the third full-length album by Interface. It was released by Nilaihah Records on March 14 2006.The album was the band's first to be recorded and produced entirely within the environment of the computer with little hardware instrumentation. It was also the band's first album in nearly four years thanks to the demise of the Tinman record label at the end of 2005. By that point the band had already committed to recording a new album and began to shop it to other labels.
 Take Me to Your Future is a 2006 dual disc of new studio audio and archive live videos by Hawkwind.The cover is based on Georgia O'Keeffe's 1927 painting Radiator Building - Night New York of the American Radiator Building.
 Det överexponerade gömstället (The Over Exposed Hideout) is the ninth album by the Swedish indie rock band bob hund. It was released on 16 March 2011. The first single Popsång (mot min vilja) was released on 21 February. The cover of the album is design by bob hund's household artist Martin Kann but is simply an email from Kann stating Jag har ingen omslagsidé. Sorry /Martin (I have no idea for a cover. Sorry /Martin).
 Vermin is the sixth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Old Man's Child released on 14 October 2005.
 The Emptiness is the first concept album and overall third full-length album by American metalcore band Alesana. It was recorded in the fall of 2009 and was released on January 26 2010 through Fearless Records. The album is considered that of a rock opera because of its in-depth story.
 Future Perfect is the debut studio album by British production duo Loadstar. The album was released on 26 May 2013 through RAM Records. Loadstar appeared on DJ Target and MistaJam's BBC Radio 1Xtra shows to promote the album. They also hosted an Essential Mix on BBC Radio 1. The album charted at number 168 on the UK Albums Chart and also on the dance and indie charts.
 Terra di nessuno is an album by the Italian singer-songwriter Francesco De Gregori released in 1987. The song Mimì sarà was later sung by Mia Martini.
 Painkiller: The Collected Works is a four disc box set that contains the two EPs Guts of a Virgin and Buried Secrets the album Execution Ground and a live album previously released on the Japanese edition of Execution Ground.
 Phantom Moon is the third album by American singer-songwriter Duncan Sheik. It was released on Nonesuch Records in 2001.
 Reject All American is the second and final studio album by the American punk rock band Bikini Kill released on April 5 1996 by Kill Rock Stars. It was produced by John Goodmanson and recorded in November 1995.
 Double X is the tenth album by the German hard rock band Bonfire. It was released in 2006 by BMG International. It celebrates 20 years of Bonfire music.
 The Further Adventures of The Saw Doctors is a 2010 album by Irish rock group The Saw Doctors. It was their 7th studio album long awaited after the released of The Cure Album. It was released on the 17th of September 2010 in Ireland and on iTunes and was released on 27 September 2010 in the UK. It was sold on Amazon.com as part of a Limited Edition Set including the CD plus a bonus DVD. The album reached number 58 in the UK Album Chart in its first week.
 hanDover is the eleventh studio album by Canadian band Skinny Puppy. After 2007's Mythmaker and its accompanying tour the band returned to work on a new album in 2008. This new material was noise music in the vein of Lou Reed's Metal Machine Music and was initially intended to be handed over to their label in time for their 2009 international tour. Trouble arose however when their label SPV GmbH ran into insolvency problems and the album's fate became uncertain.
 Club Anthems is a compilation by Scottish group Ballboy released in 2001. It is a collection of the songs released on their first three EPs Silver Suits for Astronauts (1999) I Hate Scotland (2000) and Girls Are Better Than Boys (2001) although some tracks were re-recorded for the album release.
 Don't Mess Wit Texas is the first album by southern rapper Lil' Keke. It contains the hit single Southside. It was released on June 17 1997 and is now out of print but there is a new version made by Rap Classics. There is also a chopped and screwed version available with a different cover.
 Happy Love is an album by Natalie Cole released in 1981. It was her final album on Capitol Records. The album reached peak positions of number 132 on the Billboard 200 and number 37 on Billboard's R&B Albums chart.
 Twaker Jatna Nin (Lit: Take Care Of Your Skin) is the 3rd album by bangla band Chandrabindoo. It was recorded in Calcutta and released by Asha Audio in 1999.
 Rape of the Bastard Nazarene is the debut studio album by English blackened death metal band Akercocke. It was released on 28 December 1999 through the band's own record label Goat of Mendes.
 Superfunk is the fourth studio album by Funk Inc. released in 1973.
 The Thin Red Line is the soundtrack of the film of the same name. It was released on January 12 1999 by RCA Victor. German-born film composer Hans Zimmer is credited for scoring most of the score along with his studio partner John Powell. The soundtrack was nominated at the 71st Academy Awards for Original Dramatic Score but lost out to Life Is Beautiful.
 Makin' Memories is an album by country singer Dottie West released in 1969.This was Dottie West's last album of the decade. Two singles came from this album Clingin' to a Baby's Hand and I Heard Our Song neither of which hit the Country Top 40. These singles would set the stage of a string of other singles released between 1970 and 1972 that would fail to make the Country Top 40 (most of them not all of them). Her albums (including this one) would also fail to sell well.
 Jamboree is the debut album by hip hop group Fast Life Yungstaz released on June 23 2009 under Def Jam Recordings The album sold under 1000 copies in its first week. To date the album has sold 13000 copies in total.
 Sounds of the Loop is Irish-English singer-songwriter Gilbert O'Sullivan's tenth studio album and originally released in November 1991 (Japan) and in April 1993 (UK). Union Square Music re-released it in April 2013 on Salvo label in part of the Gilbert O'Sullivan - A Singer And His Songs collection.
 Boink!! is a rare album by The Replacements. It was released in the UK on the Glass Records label in 1986.The album contained songs previously released on the album Hootenany and the EP Stink. Also on the album were the song If Only You Were Lonely (B-Side of the I'm in Trouble single) and a previously unreleased track called Nowhere Is My Home produced by Alex Chilton.
 Black Snake Dîamond Röle is the debut solo album by former Soft Boys frontman Robyn Hitchcock.Backed on various tracks by his former Soft Boy mates Kimberley Rew Matthew Seligman and Morris Windsor Hitchcock confessed satisfaction at being able to record an album with only his own artistic goals to cater to whereas previously he had been compelled to write for the band.
 Live at Montreux is an DVD/Blu-ray/CD release from Canadian singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette released on April 22 2013. The DVD/Blu-ray was filmed at Montreux Jazz Festival Switzerland. The concert was recorded as part of Morissette's Guardian Angel Tour in her third appearance at the festival showing several tracks of the album Havoc and Bright Lights which had not yet been released at that time.
 No Changin' Us is the fourteenth album and eighth studio album by Christian group Point of Grace. It was released on March 2 2010. It is their first full-length recording since their 2007 release How You Live. It is also their first full-length release since the June 2008 departure of Heather Payne reduced the group to a trio. The album was produced by Nathan Chapman who has achieved success due to his work with country singer Taylor Swift.
 Red Sky EP is the companion CD to Vheissu (2005) by Thrice. It was released on April 11 2006. It contains live acoustic versions of Under A Killing Moon (originally from The Artist in the Ambulance) Red Sky and For Miles and also an AOL Sessions version of Of Dust and Nations erroneously listed as an acoustic track (all originally from Vheissu). It also contains two B-sides from Vheissu Flags of Dawn and The Weight of Glory.
 Dans la Nuit is an album by French clarinetist Louis Sclavis recorded in 2000 and released on the ECM label. The album was initialised through an invitation of French director Bertrand Tavernier to Sclavis he agreed and wrote this music to Charles Vanel’s 1930 film “Dans la nuit”.
 Yoter Ve Yoter (translated: More and More) is the sixth studio album by Israeli singer Dana International released in 2001 on the NMC Music label with the catalogue number NMC 20569 2.More and More was Dana International's first album entirely sung in Hebrew and includes the single releases elef Yamím Shel Ahava (Qesher) (A Thousand Days of Love (Connection)) Lama Katavta Li Shir (Why Did You Write Me A Song) Nitzachti (I Won) Ten Li-Chyot (Let Live) and We-Acherey Ha-Kol (And After All). 
 A Retrospective is a discography CD of screamo band Saetia released October 1 2001 by Level Plane including all recorded songs and five live tracks from a basement show in Minneapolis. The entire CD was re-mastered by Alan Douches.
 Midnight Love is the debut Columbia Records album of Marvin Gaye. He signed on with the label in March 1982 following his exit from Motown. The final album to be released before his death it ultimately became the most successful album of Marvin's entire career. The disc was certified Triple Platinum in United States selling well over six million copies worldwide.
 Tainted Love/Where Did Our Love Go was an EP by the synthpop/New Wave duo group Soft Cell.
 En Garde is the debut album of indie-rock band Criteria. Formed by one of the founding members of Cursive Steve Pedersen came back to his hometown of Omaha Nebraska after graduating from Duke University. He recruited the help of old friends Aaron Druery A.J. Mogis and Mike Sweeney. Originally released by Initial Records it was one of the most slept-on albums of 2003.
 Straight Ahead is a compilation album by Californian melodic hardcore band Ignite. It contains the In My Time EP (Lost & Found Records 1995) the first five tracks from Scarred For Life (Lost & Found 1994) and one extra.
 Jumpin' East of Java is the first live album from the American swing revival band The Brian Setzer Orchestra released on 2001 in Japan only.
 The Inevitable is the first album by the Squirrel Nut Zippers released in 1995.
 Live from Uranus is a live EP by Less Than Jake. The release is only available in Japan.The album was recorded October 1 1997 at Water Street Music Hall in Rochester New York and features songs from Losing Streak Pezcore and Losers Kings and Things We Don't Understand. The EP features a note from the band which reads: This stuff was recorded in Rochester New York during our Race Around Uranus tour with blink-182 and Frenzal Rhomb.
 Sonic Codex (released 2007 in Oslo Norway by Jazzland – 0602517412453) is a Nu Jazz album by the Norwegian guitarist Eivind Aarset.
 Priča o ljubavi obično ugnjavi (trans. Talking About Love Is Usually Annoying) is the ninth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba released in 1988.With the release of the album the band celebrated ten years of existence. The songs generally did not deal with politics (for what Riblja Čorba was well-known). The songs Avionu slomiću ti krila Kaži ko te ljubi dok sam ja na straži and Još jedna cigareta pre spavanja were the album's biggest hits.
 Solarallergy is a jazz and rock instrumental album by Black Frames. Black Frames is a collaborative project by Skerik Mike Dillon Earl Harvin and Brad Houser from 2002. The album was accompanied by a national tour. Between the musicians are long-time associations: Dillon and Harvin from Ten Hands and Billy Goat; Skerik Houser and Dillon from Critters Buggin. Though Dillon and Harvin are primarily percussionists for Solarallergy all members are credited for percussion.
 Hart (Heart) is the fourth album by Dutch language rapper Brainpower. It was released April 21 2008 on Lyric Recordings together with his fifth album Hard (Hard) and contains the single Eigen Werk (Own Work).
 Green Light is a 1978 album by Cliff Richard. It was his 31st studio album.
 Ain't No Room For Talkin' is a mixtape by R&B group One Chance released on May 24 2011. It features the single Sexin' On You.
 Rock Dust Light Star is the seventh studio album released by British funk/acid jazz band Jamiroquai. The album was released on 1 November 2010 on Universal Music/Mercury Records in the United Kingdom and 24 April 2012 on Executive Music Group in the United States.
 Wings is an album by the Italian power metal band Skylark. It was released in May 2006 by Scarlet Records.
 Magazine is the first studio album by the Japanese singer model and actress Meisa Kuroki. It was released in January 26 2011 in 3 editions: two CD+DVD editions (Type A comes with a music video compilation since her first music video Like This and Type B comes with a footage from her first solo live Attitude 2010) and a Regular edition. The album ranked #5 in Oricon Daily Chart and #6 in Oricon Weekly Chart with 16238 copies sold on the first week.
 Released on October 20 2009 Peace Sign is Paul Hyde's second album for Bongo Beat Records.
 The Sellout is the fifth studio album by American R&B-soul singer–songwriter Macy Gray released on June 22 2010 in the United States. The album's lead single Beauty in the World was released in April 2010. Upon its release The Sellout received generally mixed reviews from most music critics.
 Trendsetter is the second solo studio album by Fler. It released the 23 June 2006 over Berlin label Aggro Berlin. A Premium Edition released with bonus CD and a DVD that features interviews concerts of backstage reports of Fler. Appearance of Sido Tony D Juelz Santana and others who commenting their relationship with him.
 Contemplate (The Reason You Exist) is Kai Tracid's third artist album released on 24 February 2003.
 The Mix Tape Vol. IV is the fourth installment in Funkmaster Flex's Mix Tape series (fifth release overall) released on December 5 2000 through Loud Records.This installment was a departure from Flex's previous Mix Tape releases which consisted of freestyles mixed with previously released songs. This however was mostly made up of original songs with original production with Funkmaster Flex providing the DJ mix. The Mix Tape Vol.
 Angel of Babylon is the fifth full-length album by Tobias Sammet's rock opera project Avantasia released on April 3 2010 along with The Wicked Symphony. Angel Of Babylon was released both as part of a box set with the two albums combined and as an individual album. It is the third and final part of The Wicked Trilogy.
 Illuminaudio is the third studio album by American post-hardcore band Chiodos. It was released on October 5 2010 through Equal Vision Records. Illuminaudio is the first and only studio album from the band with vocalist Brandon Bolmer formerly of Yesterdays Rising after the departure of Craig Owens. Owens would return to the band in 2012 replacing Bolmer. This is also the first and only album with drummer Tanner Wayne formerly of Underminded.
 The Present is the eleventh studio album by The Moody Blues released in 1983. It is the second album of the Patrick Moraz era.
 The Videosingles is a home video music compilation by the British group Tears For Fears. Released in 1983 it features the three UK Top 5 hit singles from the band's no.1 debut album The Hurting.
 Inusual is the 23rd studio album and the 24th album by Mexican pop singer Yuri. It was released on May 22 2010. The album was produced by Scott Erickson. The album made it to number one in Mexico on the first week after its release. The album includes 8 new songs and 5 covers. In less than a month it became a gold album in Mexico.
 Til It Kills is the second studio album by California punk rock band Tilt. It was released in April 1995 on Fat Wreck Chords.
 Verdens Lykkeligste Mand is the tenth studio album by the Danish pop group TV·2. It was released in 1994 on Pladecompagniet.
 Anytime Anyplace Anywhere is the first studio album by The Rossington Collins Band. It includes their most successful single Don't Misunderstand Me.
 Contraband is the debut studio album by American hard rock band Velvet Revolver released on June 8 2004 by RCA Records. A commercial success Contraband debuted at number one on the American Billboard 200 chart and was certified double platinum by the RIAA.
 'Hours...' is the twenty-first studio album by British musician David Bowie. It was released 4 October 1999 on Virgin Records. This was Bowie's final album for the EMI sub-label.
 Viaje is the fourteenth Spanish-language studio album by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona set to be released on 29 April 2014. The album—the second independent release by Arjona after he was signed by Sony Music in 1993 and Warner Music in 2008—was issued by his own label Metamorfosis. The first single from Viaje is Apnea released on 4 March 2014.
 Animals as Leaders is the debut album by progressive metal group Animals as Leaders. It was released on April 28 2009 by Prosthetic Records.
 Hurry Sundown is the 3rd album by American southern rock band Outlaws released in 1977. (See 1977 in music).
 Love Bites is the second studio album by English punk rock band Buzzcocks. It was released on 22 September 1978 through United Artists Records. It peaked at number 13 on the UK Albums Chart at the time of its release.
 Element of Light is the sixth album by singer-songwriter Robyn Hitchcock and his third with his backing band the Egyptians.Most of the album was recorded at Alaska Studios and Berry Street but two tracks The President and Lady Waters & The Hooded One were live recordings made for the BBC with overdubs recorded on BBC Mobile and at Alaska. The overriding flavour of the album is dominated by the song Airscape which provides in its lyric the album title.
 Raï'n'B Fever is a collective of mainly Algerian Raï R&B and rap/urban artists contributing their best output of the Raï'n'B genre of music with fusion of elements of both genres in a series of albums also called Raï'n'B Fever albums. The collective and the albums were the idea of the DJ duo Kore & Scalp who in a matter of years became the most known producers of the genre.
 Danzig 5: Blackacidevil is the fifth full-length album from Danzig. It was released in 1996 on Hollywood Records and was reissued on E-Magine Records in 2000 with three extra tracks.
 The Alarm is a studio EP by The Alarm. It was released in 1983 by IRS Records.The EP was released initially on vinyl LP and cassette.Freedom was recorded live at The Marquee Wardour Street London W.1. 1.30.83 The cassette was released in the UK with the 68 Guns single.An extended re-mastered version was released including extra tracks.
 Sing to the Moon is the debut studio album by English recording artist Laura Mvula. It was released on 1 March 2013 by RCA Victor. The album includes the singles She and Green Garden. The album debuted at number nine on the UK Albums Chart with first-week sales of 18954 copies.
 This Charmed Life was released by The Burning Hell in the spring of 2010. It is available only on LP at the band's live shows or as a digital download. The LP comes with a download code for the digital version of the album.
 Neon is the fourth studio album by British R&B singer Jay Sean. The album was released on July 30 2013 by Cash Money Records and distributed by Republic Records. The album features guest appearances from Busta Rhymes Ace Hood and Rick Ross.
 Vive La Différence! is Swedish Indie Pop band Eggstone's third album which was released in Sweden and Japan in January 1997. It was the first - and last - full-length release by the band on their own record label Vibrafon.
 One Stop Carnival is the debut and only studio album of American actor Brian Green. Released in 1996 it is Green's only album. The album was produced by The Pharcyde member Slimkid3. Allmusic reviewer Jason Ankeny called the album pallid uninspired and insufferably arrogant with no acknowledgement that its very existence rests solely on Green's limited success as a secondary actor on a fading prime-time drama.
 Anyone Can See is Irene Cara's debut album released in 1982. This album followed up her successful hit singles Out Here On My Own and Fame. The album is solid R&B featuring such standout songs as Reach Out (I'll Be There) Slow Down and the power ballad title track among others. Includes the hit Anyone Can See which peaked at #42 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. It was produced by The Archies' Ron Dante.
 For Never - Last Live is a double live album by Japanese hardcore punk group The Stalin released on May 25 1985. It was recorded at the band's last concert on February 21 1985.The long-playing record and the cassette board were released from Tokuma Otocou on May 25 1985. Afterwards the CD was released on June 5 1985. In that case relation of the collection time or Fantasy of Warsaw is cut.
 React (2008) is the third collaborative album by electronic musicians Robert Rich and Ian Boddy. Like their previous collaborations Outpost and Lithosphere this album was released as a limited edition of 2000 copies.
 Inochi no Ki is the 3rd EP to be released by Japanese visual kei band Girugamesh on October 6 2010.
 Here's to Shutting Up is the eighth studio album by Superchunk. Brian Paulson who served as co-producer previously worked with the band on 1994's Foolish.On this album the band continued to develop away from the fuzzy punk-pop of its earlier days to something more textured.
 Banger For Breakfast is the fourth album released by Wicked Tinkers.
 Take Cover is an EP by hard rock band Mr. Big. Released in 1996 it contains the following songs:
 The Hey Good Lookin' OST is the soundtrack to Ralph Bakshi's 1982 film Hey Good Lookin'.The film's score was performed and arranged by Ric Sandler. The film's songs were co-written by Sandler and John Madara. Because the film was not a box office success at the time of its release a soundtrack album was not initially released.
 Pateando piedras (Spanish for Kicking stones) is the second album by Chilean rock band Los Prisioneros. According to the magazine Rolling Stone Chile Pateando piedras is in the fifteenth place of the best Chilean albums.
 Pan Planeta released in 2001 is the fourth album by Polish rock band Ścianka the last one recorded with Jacek Lachowicz and Andrzej Koczan.
 Out of Print is a compilation album by the American punk rock band Youth Brigade. It was released in 1998 by the band's own label BYO Records. It contains all but one of the tracks from the bands 1982 debut album Sound & Fury as well as four other tracks.
 Branching Out is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley released on the Riverside label featuring performances by Adderley with Johnny Griffin and The Three Sounds.
 This article describes the 14th album in the Canadian Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 14 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow! 14 is a music compilation album that was released on 16 June 2009. The album is the 14th edition of the Canadian Now! series.
 It's America is the third studio album by American country music singer Rodney Atkins. It was released on March 31 2009 (see 2009 in country music) on Curb Records. The album's first single its title track was released on November 24 2008 and has become Atkins' fifth Number One hit on the Billboard country singles charts. It was followed by 15 Minutes (a Top 20 hit) and Chasin' Girls. The album was re-issued in mid-2010 with a new single Farmer's Daughter.The album debuted at No.
 18: Eighteen is the debut studio album by Nana Kitade. It was originally released August 24 2005 in Japan. The album peaked at #16 on the Oricon chart and charted for five weeks. On September 7 Kitade held a special one-man live show which was titled Nana Kitade Live Showcase '18: Eighteen' in Shibuya-Ax. First press editions of the album included a ticket to the live show and handshake event. On December 7 she released a DVD called Nana Kitade: 18Movies.
 What's Goin' On Ai (stylized as What's goin' on A.I.) is the fifth studio album by Japanese R&B musician Ai released on September 27 2006. It was released after the successful ballad single Believe and the upbeat R&B song I Wanna Know.
 Alphaville Amiga Compilation (1988) was released under the Amiga label only in former East Germany where Forever Young and Afternoons in Utopia weren't easily available. Two songs submitted for the compilation To Germany with Love and Summer in Berlin were rejected by the label for political reasons.
 Take A Deeper Look is the first mini album (second extended play overall) by Korean-American singer Jay Park. The album was released in digital and physical format by April 27 2011.
 Cryptology is an album by American jazz saxophonist David S. Ware recorded in 1994 and released on Homestead.
 The Very Best of Brand Nubian is a greatest hits album by hip hop group Brand Nubian. The front cover of an album is reference to the debut album by Brand Nubian.
 Live at the Budokan is a two-disc live album by British band Blur recorded during the 1995 tour for their album The Great Escape at the Budokan on 8 November 1995. Two songs performed at concert that didn't make the cut for the album can be found on the Japanese single It Could Be You: Charmless Man (originally performed before Jubilee) and Chemical World (originally performed before Coping).
 Art Pop is the third release and second full-length album by the British rock band Githead issued in 2007.
 Neptune is the sixth studio album by Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota released on July 1 1992. The album charted at number 3 on the Oricon Monthly Albums chart and remained on the charts for total of 13 weeks. The album sold a total of 484000 units reaching double platinum certification.
 Statik Majik is a 1994 EP album recorded at Rhythm Studios and released by British doom metal band Cathedral under the Earache Records label. It was released on 12 vinyl and CD format in March 1994. The original 12 featured three tracks: Hypnos 164 Cosmic Funeral and The Voyage of the Homeless Sapien. The CD featured a fourth track Midnight Mountain. It was re-released on CD in 1999 and coupled with the Soul Sacrifice EP.
 Bring Me The Head of Kyle Bobby Dunn is a full length double compact disc album from Canadian composer Kyle Bobby Dunn. It was recorded at Bunce Cake studios in Brooklyn and remote parts of Canada. The compositions are mostly long slowly evolving minimal works created from electric guitar processing. The album is his second double album since 2010's Low Point release A Young Person's Guide to Kyle Bobby Dunn.
 The One is Chubb Rock's third full-length album released in 1991. It reached #13 on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart for that year. Three singles from that release Treat 'Em Right Just The Two Of Us and The Chubbster made it to #1 on Billboard's Hot Rap Singles chart list for the same year.
 Suspended Animation is a studio album by Dream Theater guitarist John Petrucci released independently in 2005 through Sound Mind Music. The songs Glasgow Kiss and Damage Control have been played during the G3 tour and are featured as openers to the 2005 DVD and live album G3: Live in Tokyo. Some releases of the album have Curve split into two separate tracks with the majority of the song on track six and the latter portion on track seven.
 A Class is the first studio album by South Korean-Chinese girl group Miss A. The album was released on July 18 2011 and contains thirteen songs.Good Bye Baby served as its lead single and has topped various charts in South Korea.
 The Chipmunks Sing with Children is an album by Alvin and the Chipmunks with David Seville. It was released on January 1 1965 by Liberty Records.
 Experimental Remixes is an EP by American punk blues band The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion released in 1995 by Matador Records which consists of six remixes of the group's songs and a hidden bonus track called Tour Diary.[citation needed] A secondary pressing by Matador increased the length of the Tour Diary track to 17 minutes from its original 7 minute length but the artwork and catalog numbers are identical.
 La Passione is a 1996 album by Chris Rea and the soundtrack for the movie with the same title also written by Rea. Shirley Bassey provides vocals on two tracks.
 Noel Hill & Tony Linnane is an album by Noel Hill.When Noel Hill and Tony Linnane recorded this album back in 1978 they were two young musicians just starting out.
 The Rolling Stones No. 2 is the second UK album by the Rolling Stones released in 1965 following the massive success of 1964's debut The Rolling Stones. Not surprisingly The Rolling Stones No. 2 followed its predecessor's tendency to largely feature R&B covers. However it does contain three compositions from the still-developing Mick Jagger/Keith Richards songwriting team. On Dutch and German pressings of the album the title is listed as The Rolling Stones Vol.
 Ideología is the second album by Nepal. In October 1995 they released their second album Ideología under Metal Command Records” with the support of Monsters of Rock in a limited edition of 1000 copies. After that they signed with NEMS Enterprises. They did some concerts at Buenos Aires to perform their new material. After the gig the drummer Dario Galvan left the band and was replaced with Facundo Vega. They did two shows with Angra in September 1996.
 The Return to the Acid Planet is an album released by German IDM artists Funkstörung in 2005. It commemorates the duo's 10th anniversary as recording artists and consists of new versions of unreleased early tracks as well as some new tracks in the same style. Even though it sounds very much like acid house Funkstörung replaced most of the original straight beats with breakbeats.
 Elisabeth is a 1990 album by Norwegian singer Elisabeth Andreassen. The song Jag ser en stjärna falla earned her a seventh place finish in Melodifestivalen 1990 the Swedish qualifier for the Eurovision Song Contest 1990.
 Just Turn is a free EP by Socratic that was released on December 5 2006 on the band's MySpace and PureVolume profiles. They have also printed 1000 hard copies of the EP which are only available at shows and in the Drive-Thru webstore.
 Bobby and the Midnites is a 1981 studio album by Grateful Dead singer and guitarist Bob Weir and his then side project Bobby and the Midnites. The band featured fellow Grateful Dead member Brent Mydland at that time and also jazz fusion drummer Billy Cobham. Though not a huge commercial success the album did chart in the Billboard 200. The song Festival became a live concert favorite for the band.
 Stereotype also known as Stereotype: Steel & Velvet is singer B.Slade's 5th album. While still using the stage name Tonéx the artist stated in an interview that the name Stereotype is a metaphor for the dual nature in humanity (i.e. stereo left and right). The album was originally to be released on Verity/Jive Records on September 11 2007. One single Joy (which was later put on Tonéx's Battery Records album Unspoken) had been serviced to radio under the auspices of Verity in May 2007.
 Mel Tormé and the Marty Paich Dektette – In Concert Tokyo is a 1988 live album by the American jazz singer Mel Tormé accompanied by a big band arranged and led by Marty Paich.
 Another Version of the Truth is an independently released live concert video documenting Nine Inch Nails' 2008 Lights in the Sky tour made available throughout late 2009/early 2010 on Blu-ray DVD and various other online formats. Another Version of the Truth is also the title of an instrumental track on Nine Inch Nails' 2007 album Year Zero.
 Dogs Under Stress is the fourth studio album by Maureen Tucker. It was released in 1994.
 Traveler is the seventh studio album of Japanese singer Hitomi. The album was formally released on May 12 2004 by the Avex Trax label. This is the first album of Hitomi to be released in the CD+DVD format which Avex first introduced to their artists in 2003.
 The Next of Both Worlds is a collaborative album by up-coming Watts California native rapper STIX and Bobby Valentino released in October 2005.
 Something is an album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1970 and released on the Atlantic label. It includes instrumental covers of several contemporary hits from artists such as the Beatles and the Jackson 5 along with the original song Messie Bessie.
 Hats Off EP was The Connells' first release preceding Darker Days. It includes early versions of If It Crumbles which also appears on Boylan Heights and Hats Off which would later be re-recorded for the band's debut album Darker Days.
 It's Always Stormy In Tillamook is an EP by Meg & Dia released independently by the band in 2010. The EP was recorded from May-June 2010 in Tillamook Oregon. All songs were written and recorded by Meg & Dia Frampton.
 In Case You're in Love is the fourth studio album by American pop duo Sonny & Cher released in 1967 by Atco Records.
 Found All the Parts is an EP released by Cheap Trick in 1980. It was released on a 10-inch disc as part of Epic Records' short-lived Nu-Disk series. The EP also contained a bonus promotional 7 single of Everything Works If You Let It. Found All the Parts was reissued in 12-inch format in 1983.Day Tripper was not actually recorded live. While the band had recorded a live cover of the song they did not like the way it had turned out.
 Masami Life is the 13th album by Masami Okui released on 3 October 2007.
 Non-Fiction is an album by American jazz pianist and composer Steve Kuhn recorded in 1978 and released on the ECM label.
 Soli Deo Gloria is the first studio album by Norwegian futurepop band Apoptygma Berzerk. It was originally released in 1993 and gained the band attention the world over. It had been out of print for years until it was remastered and reissued in 2003 by Tatra Records and then again in 2007 as a digital release.
 People's Choice is Sledgeback's first full length album. The sound of the album is general punk rock.
 Evidence of Heaven is the third studio album by Faith and the Muse.
 Prose Combat was the second studio album released by MC Solaar. Its success propelled him to international fame. An outtake from the album sessions was Comme dans un film (falsely known as John Woo). This song was featured on the album La Haine – musique inspirees du film (La Haine – music inspired by the film).
 Starting Over also known by its working title Startin' Over is a 2011 extended play by American singer La Toya Jackson. The EP contains two top twenty-five U.S. Billboard Dance Club hits; Just Wanna Dance and Free the World. The autobiographical EP is described as the soundtrack to her memoir Starting Over.
 Collection is the first greatest hits album by Canadian folk music group The Rankin Family. It was released by EMI in 1996. The album peaked at number 1 on the RPM Country Albums chart.
 Smoke and Mirrors is the fifth album by rapper O.C. of the D.I.T.C. crew and the second album he released in 2005.
 Freedom Suite is the fifth studio album (a double album) by rock band The Rascals released in March 1969. It peaked at number 17 on the Billboard Top LPs chart and also reached number 40 on the Billboard Black Albums chart the last Rascals album to appear there.
 Niles Littlebig is an album by Randy Weston's African Rhythms recorded in 1969 in Paris and originally released on the French Polydor label.
 Felons and Revolutionaries is the debut album by American band Dope. The album was released in 1999 on Epic Records and has sold over 236000 copies in the United States; it was re-released on July 18 2000 with the single You Spin Me Round (Like a Record) (the band's track from the American Psycho soundtrack) as a bonus track. Pig Society Everything Sucks Sick and Debonaire were also released as singles but did not chart.
 Maneuvering the Nocturnal Hum is a limited vinyl EP by Stars of the Lid which was released on Earworm Records in 1998. Limited to 750 copies it features three minimal droning compositions two of which flow into each other. The last track was recorded live in Calgary Canada in 1996.
 Live in Brooklyn is the name of a concert CD released on July 11 2006 by the rock band Phish with a simultaneous release as their second full concert DVD. Performed on June 17 2004 at the minor league baseball field KeySpan Park in Brooklyn New York it was the opening night of what was promoted as the band's final tour before their 2004 breakup.
 Ball is the eighth studio album released by the Athens GA based band Widespread Panic. It was released on April 15 2003 and it was the band's first studio album with George McConnell on lead guitar. McConnell joined the band in 2002 after the death of founding member Michael Houser.This process of recording the album departed from the band's usual methodology. Widespread Panic's previous studio albums had included mostly songs already familiar to the band's fans.
 I Love Jerome Kern is an album by pianist Kenny Drew recorded in 1957 and released on the Riverside label. The album was rereleased on CD by Lone Hill Jazz coupled with Drew's Pal Joey (Riverside 1957) as The Complete Jerome Kern / Rodgers & Hart Songbooks in 2008.
 Icons of Evil is the sixth album by Vital Remains. It was released in April 2007. The sample in Where is Your God Now is taken from the Mel Gibson film The Passion of the Christ and from William Peter Blatty's The Exorcist. Icons of Evil is the last album to feature vocalist Glen Benton and guitarist Dave Suzuki. The album cover art is actually a modified depiction from a scene in the film The Passion of the Christ where Jesus is nailed to the cross.
 I'd Rather Be Flag-Burning is a 1995 10 split between Propagandhi and I Spy. The songs were rereleased in 1998 by G7 Welcoming Committee Records on two separate compilation albums: Propagandhi's Where Quantity Is Job #1 and I Spy's Perversity Is Spreading... It's About Time!.
 While You Were Out is Soul Asylum's third studio album released on November 25 1986.The Judge was later covered by The Wildhearts on their album Stop Us If You've Heard This One Before Vol 1.. Closer to the Stars was covered by Automatic 7 on their debut release BYO Records.
 Directo 90 is a live-concert album by Latin Grammy-winning Spanish musician and actor Miguel Bosé. It was released in 1991.
 Brushfire Fairytales is the name of the debut album by singer-songwriter Jack Johnson. It was released in 2001 through Everloving Recordings. The record achieved a moderate degree of fame for Johnson who has stated that he never intended to pursue a career in music already having majored in film studies at the University of California Santa Barbara.
 Ako Denot Mi E Nokj (in Macedonian: Ако Денот Ми Е Ноќ English: If Daylight is My Night) is the second solo album by the Macedonian singer Kaliopi.
 Monster Walks the Winter Lake is David Thomas' fourth solo album. The album is noted as being the most personal album in David Thomas' canon. The album was included in the 1997 David Thomas anthology box set Monster.
 Devotion is the debut studio album by English recording artist Jessie Ware. It was released in the United Kingdom on 20 August 2012. Production for the album came primarily from Dave Okumu of alternative rock band The Invisible alongside Julio Bashmore and Kid Harpoon. On 15 April 2013 the album was re-released as Devotion - The Gold Edition.
 Meditations (also released as Elmo Hope Memorial Album) is an album by American jazz pianist Elmo Hope recorded in 1955 for the Prestige label.
 The Very Best of Elvis Costello and The Attractions 1977–86 is a 1994 compilation album by Elvis Costello and The Attractions.
 Hush is the second album by electro-pop group The Limousines.
 The Independent Scrutineer is an EP by British musician Pagan Wanderer Lu (real name Andy Regan). It was released on Brainlove Records in November 2006 and was their first commercially distributed CD.Four of its six tracks are new recordings of songs from previous self-released EPs and albums. The two new songs were 'Repetition 1' & 'Repetition 2'.
 Sixpence None the Richer is the third album by American band Sixpence None the Richer released in 1997.
 Men with Brooms is the soundtrack album to the Canadian film Men with Brooms released in 2002.
 Spotlight on Jo Stafford is a 1996 compilation album of songs recorded by American singer Jo Stafford. It was released on January 23 1996 and appears on both the Capitol and EMI labels.
 As Is is the first EP by Canadian pop band The Bicycles. The album features Matt Beckett and Drew Smith as the band's two original members.
 Working Man's Café is a solo album released on 22 October 2007 in the UK by Ray Davies formerly lead singer and songwriter of The Kinks. A day earlier on 21 October a ten track promotional copy of the album (minus bonus tracks Hymn for a New Age and The Real World) was given away with the Sunday Times newspaper in the UK. The album was released in the US on New West/Ammal Records on 19 February 2008.
 0079–0088 is a compilation album released by Gackt on December 19 2007. It contains eight tracks which had either previously been used on the soundtracks of the Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam movies or were covers of earlier songs from the Gundam franchise.
 Traces is the fifth studio album by Scottish folk musician Karine Polwart released in 2012.
 Suiteroom Number 1 (スイートルームナンバー１) is the full-length debut album by v-u-den the Hello! Project-associated Japanese pop trio led by former Morning Musume and Tanpopo member Rika Ishikawa. Meant to commemorate the band's first anniversary as a unit the release date actually came 13 months after the release of their first single.
 Controversy is the debut album of Willie D (released as Willie Dee). Do It Like a G.O. featured Willie D Prince Johnny C and Sire Jukebox on this album. The song was also released on the Geto Boys album Grip It! On That Other Level redone featuring Willie D Scarface and Bushwick Bill.
 Eurosis is the third album by the Spanish ska punk band Ska-P released in 1998. The album cover depicts a pack of playing cards with a euro coin in the centre embellished with missiles machine guns and syringes. The ever-present Gato López joint in mouth is flanked by tanks and the two lion statues from the front steps of Spain's parliament.
 Up All Night is an album by Detroit garage rock band Gore Gore Girls released in 2002.
 Breeding the Spawn is the second full-length album by Suffocation. Though it still employs the characteristics and elements associated with Suffocation's song writing the production on the album is much thinner than on other albums due to financial problems regarding their label Roadrunner Records. However it shows a more complex and technical side of the band.
 Belong is the second studio album from New York indie band The Pains of Being Pure at Heart. It was released on March 29 2011 through Slumberland Records. The album was recorded in the fall of 2010 after extensive touring in support of the band's debut album. It was produced by Flood and mixed by Alan Moulder.
 United States is the first full length hard rock collaborative album between hard rock guitar virtuoso Paul Gilbert and singer Freddie Nelson. The collaboration has been described as a cross between Queen and Mr. Big.
 Symphonic Fantasies: Music from Square Enix was an award-winning symphonic tribute concert held in Cologne Germany on September 12 2009 at the Cologne Philharmonic Hall featuring video game music from Japanese game developer Square Enix. The concert featured symphonic movements based on the Kingdom Hearts series Secret of Mana the Chrono series and the Final Fantasy series.
 A Golden Field of Radioactive Crows is the title of The 77s' twelfth album released in 2001 on the band's own Fools of the World label with distribution through Galaxy21 Music.
 You Belong is an EP released by American rock band After Midnight Project. Its released on April 1 2011.The first single Hourglass was first released on KROQ on February 27 2011.
 Everything Is Wrong is a remix album by American electronica musician Moby featuring songs from his 1995 studio album of the same name.
 Hide is an album by experimental artist Foetus released on CD by Ectopic Ents on September 29 2010. Initial copies included a 5″ x 5″ sticker of the front cover signed by J. G. Thirlwell.
 Pop Go the Wiggles! is the 31st album release from an Australia children's music group The Wiggles. This album won the 2007 Aria Award for Best Children's album.
 Crystal Gazing Luck Amazing is the third LP recorded by the band The Compulsive Gamblers. The album was released June 20 2000 by Sympathy for the Record Industry. The album's lineup consisted of Gamblers mainstays Greg Cartwright and Jack Yarber on guitar and vocals. The Compulsive Gamblers began recording the album following their first European tour which saw the addition of bassist Jeff Meier and keyboardist Brendan Lee Spengler to the Compulsive Gamblers' formerly three-piece outfit.
 Top of the World is a studio album released through Columbia Records by country singer Lynn Anderson in 1973. The album was produced by Anderson's husbandGlenn Sutton.This was a very successful album for Lynn Anderson. It reached No. 7 on the Top Country Albums chart and No. 179 on the Billboard 200 albums chart. The album was named for her big 1973 hit Top of the World.
 Movement is the debut album by New Order released in November 1981 on Factory Records. At the time of its release the album was not particularly well received by critics or consumers only peaking at No. 30 on the UK albums chart. Retrospective reviews for Movement have been very positive.In 2008 the album was re-released in a Collector's Edition with a bonus disc.Slant Magazine listed the album at No.
 Like It or Not is an EP by indie pop group Architecture in Helsinki released on July 8 2008. It features two remixes of the titular song which originally appeared on the 2007 album Places Like This.
 Danger Zone is the second album by K-Rino released December 26 1995. It is very similar to his debut and is considered a Follow-up.
 Fuse is an album by Joe Henry released on March 9 1999 (see 1999 in music).
 Girl Talk is the first full length album by the Holly Cole Trio. It was released in 1990 on Alert Records in Canada.
 The Garden is Zero 7's third studio album. It was released in the United Kingdom on 22 May 2006 and in the United States on 6 June 2006.The album features vocal performances by José González Sia Furler and Henry Binns. It sees Zero 7 take a new more upbeat musical direction while still maintaining their original sound.[citation needed]The artwork for the album is by Gideon London and the CD was named after his collage.
 Wheels of Fire is a 1968 double album by the Britishrock band Cream consisting of a studio and a live record. It reached #3 in the United Kingdom and #1 in the United States becoming the first platinum-selling double album. In 2003 it was ranked number 203 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.It was also released as two single long-players Wheels of Fire (In the Studio) and Wheels of Fire (Live at the Fillmore) released together with similar cover art.
 Sempiternal is the fourth studio album by British metalcore band Bring Me the Horizon. It was released on 1 April 2013 worldwide through RCA a subsidiary label of Sony Music Entertainment and 2 April 2013 in the United States and Canada through Epitaph. It is the first album to feature keyboardist Jordan Fish and was believed to be the last album to feature guitarist Jona Weinhofen.
 Baby Vox Re.V is Baby Vox Re.V's debut Korean language album.
 8 Megales Epitihies (Greek: 8 Μεγάλες Επιτυχίες; English: 8 Greatest Hits) is the first EP album by popular Greek pop rock singer Sakis Rouvas released in 2006 by his former label Universal Music along with the imprint of Mercury Records.
 Eaten Back to Life is the debut album by American death metal band Cannibal Corpse. It was released on August 17 1990 through Metal Blade Records. The album was banned in Germany—censored versions of the album were not available but the ban was revoked in June 2006[citation needed]—and other countries because of the violent cover and the extreme nature of the lyrics. Glen Benton of Deicide and Francis H.
 Cornbread is a jazz album by trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label in 1967. It features performances by Morgan Herbie Hancock Billy Higgins Jackie McLean Hank Mobley and Larry Ridley.
 Three Hearts is an album by rock musician and former Fleetwood Mac guitarist Bob Welch. Don't Wait Too Long is a reworking of Good Things (Come to Those who Wait) a Welch composition that had been left off the Fleetwood Mac album Mystery to Me.Just like Welch's previous effort French Kiss Three Hearts was a commercial success. The album reached #20 on the US charts in 1979 and went gold. It spawned a hit single Precious Love which peaked at #19 making it Welch's last top 20 hit.
 Genius 2000 is Namie Amuro's fourth original studio album produced by Tetsuya Komuro and Dallas Austin and her first collaboration with Austin.
 Sa-ba-da-OW! is a jazz album by Canadian band Gypsophilia recorded in 2008 and released in June 2009. The album is Gypsophilia's second and was recorded live off the floor at Echo Chamber Audio recording studio in Halifax Nova Scotia.
 Rock'n'roll Etiquette is the fifth studio album by the Japanese rock band Guitar Wolf. It was released in Japan in February 2000 then in the U.S. on October 19 2004. The U.S. version of the album includes the extra track The Way I Walk and has been remastered by band leader Seiji (Guitar Wolf).
 Gilrock Ranch is the first studio album by Night Ranger guitarist Brad Gillis released in 1993 through Guitar Recordings. This marks the first recorded work of keyboardist Derek Sherinian.
 The Six John Peel Sessions is a 2-CD compilation album by The Flaming Stars. They went on to do a 7th Session after this was released. John Peel himself provided some sleeve notes. The album is dedicated to Ian Dury who had recently died. As per usual for these Sessions the versions are of course live in the BBC studios and thus different from any of the source albums and singles.
 Live the Life is an album by Michael W. Smith. One notable song on this album was In My Arms Again which Michael W. Smith wrote for the film Titanic. There were 26 songs written and completed for the album whose release date was pushed back twice as Smith wasn't fully satisfied with the tracklist.
 The Basement Recordings II is a demo release by Canadian singer-songwriter Alexz Johnson and her brother Brendan Johnson serving as a sequel to the demo album released in 2011 entitled The Basement Recordings.
 The Crucial Conspiracy is the third full length album by Californian ska band The Dingees. The album shows a reggae and roots music influence although its style constantly shifts and includes what was described as only a fading memory of third wave ska.
 I is the sixth studio album by Ikimono-gakari released in Japan on July 24 2013. It reached number one in the Oricon weekly charts for the week ending August 5 of that year making it the group's sixth consecutive number-one album. Consequently Ikimono-gakari became the first mixed group in over seventeen years to achieve six consecutive number one albums on the Oricon weekly chart.
 Rebirth is the seventh studio album by American rapper Lil Wayne released February 2 2010 on Cash Money Records Young Money Entertainment and Universal Motown. Originally set to be released in early 2009 before several delays the album was produced primarily by Cool & Dre DJ Infamous DJ Nasty & LVM Kevin Rudolf and J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League.
 Um Uh Oh (2011) is the seventh full-length album by Say Hi and was released on January 25 2011.On November 16 2010 Devils was released as an exclusive download on Spin.com and for purchase on iTunes. The song appeared in an episode of Gossip Girl titled The Witches of Bushwick which aired on November 15 2010. It also appeared on the soundtrack for the motion picture Scream 4.
 Les Insomniaques s'amusent is the first album by Québécois singer and musician Daniel Bélanger.
 Extras is a compilation by the British group The Jam. Released in April 1992 it includes 26 B-sides rarities and unreleased tracks.11 of these songs (tracks 12456141617181925) were released on the box set Direction Reaction Creation making the other 15 tracks exclusive to this release.
 Fools and Worthless Liars is the second album from English band Deaf Havana and the first since the departure of founding member Ryan Mellor. The album marks a departure from the band's earlier post-hardcore style of music in favour of a song orientated power pop approach heavily influenced by bands such as Jimmy Eat World as well as the modern British wave of pop punk[citation needed] largely due to the band's decision not to replace Mellor who was a screamer.
 Too Much to Lose is the third studio album from American rock and pop singer Benny Mardones released in 1981. It would be Mardones' last studio album for eight years.
 Haloo Helsinki! (English: Hello Helsinki!) is the debut studio album by Finnish pop rock band Haloo Helsinki!. It was released by EMI Finland digitally on 13 August 2008 (2008-08-13). It debuted at number six on the Finnish Albums Chart and charted for seven weeks.
 The Time Zones Exchange Project distills selections from Negativland's radio program Over the Edge broadcast on KPFA. This CD was edited together from several different broadcasts recorded between 1989 and 1992.Unlike previous volumes of the Over The Edge series this two disc set presents a rambling documentary with a pseudo-plot to uncover information about the elusive Trillionaire C.E.
 Summer in the Yukon is a 1992 compilation album by Jane Siberry. It was released only in the United Kingdom. In Canada the compilation A Collection 1984-1989 was released instead. That album contains some of the same songs but includes other songs not appearing on Summer in the Yukon. Conversely Summer in the Yukon includes tracks not appearing on the Canadian compilation including two tracks from Siberry's 1981 self-titled debut and her most famous song Calling All Angels.
 Gang of Losers is the third full length album from Montreal band The Dears. It was released on August 29 2006 in Canada under the Maple Music Recordings label and on October 3 2006 in the USA under the Arts & Crafts label.On July 10 2007 Gang of Losers was announced as a finalist for the 2007 Polaris Music Prize alongside such other acts as Feist Junior Boys and Chad VanGaalen.
 Ride is the eighth album by jazz saxophonist Boney James released in 2001. The album spawned the smooth jazz radio singles RPM and See What I'm Sayin'? and the Urban AC radio singles Something Inside with R&B singer Dave Hollister and Ride with R&B singer Jaheim.
 Atlantis is a live album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner released on the Milestone label. It was recorded at the Keystone Korner in San Francisco on August 31 & September 1 1974 and features Tyner in performance with Azar Lawrence Joony Booth Wilby Fletcher and Guilherme Franco.
 Thunder in the Distance is the third album of the melodic hard rock project Place Vendome. The songwriting for this album was provided by Timo Tolkki (ex-Stratovarius) Magnus Karlsson (Primal Fear) Alessandro Del Vecchio (Hardline) Brett Jones Tommy Denander (Radioactive) Sören Kronqvist (Sunstorm) Roberto Tiranti and Andrea Cantarelli (Labyrinth).A music video was filmed for the song Talk To Me on YouTube.It was released in 1 November 2013 with cover art credited to Stanis W. Decker.
 The Best Way to Ruin Your Life is the second EP released by The Chiodos Bros later known simply as Chiodos. The album title is meant to allude to marriage as being The Best Way to Ruin Your Life.
 Sir Army Suit is the third album recorded by the Canadian psychedelic/progressive rock band Klaatu. It was different from their two previous albums 3:47 EST and Hope adopting more of a pop feel (with one song Juicy Luicy being a disco influenced song). Many of these songs were hold-overs from early demos the band made pre-fame and were revived because band member John Woloschuk had spent a year writing and arranging the Hope album leaving him artistically drained.
 Pepper Keibu (ペッパー警部) is the debut album in Japan of duo Pink Lady. The album was released on January 25 1976. It contained their first two singles.
 Have You Heard? is the second Dick Morrissey Quartet album. It was recorded July/August 1963 and released on Doug Dobell's 77 Records label.
 Tape Two is the second EP by Scottish hip hop group Young Fathers. It was released on June 11 2013 through Anticon. The EP was entirely produced by Young Fathers.
 Download This! is the third album by Cradle of Thorns released on January 30 1996 through Triple X Records.
 Beyond the Sea is the first Japanese album of K featuring the popular Only Human theme song to the drama 1 Litre of Tears. It was released in CD+DVD and CD-only formats with the CD+DVD being a limited release featuring a short clip titled the prologue of K describing the artist's debut.
 2112 (pronounced twenty-one twelve) is the fourth studio album by Canadian rock band Rush.Released in 1976 the album features an eponymous seven-part suite written by Geddy Lee and Alex Lifeson with lyrics written by Neil Peart telling a dystopian story set in the year 2112. The album is sometimes described as a concept album although the songs on the second side are unrelated to the plot of the suite.
 The Dark Discovery is the debut album by Swedish progressive metal band Evergrey.
 Return of the Devil's Son is rapper Big L's second posthumous album. It was released on November 23 2010 through SMC Recordings. Officially put together by L's brother Donald Phinazee Return of the Devil's Son is a collection of previously unreleased material including early demo tracks outtakes from Lifestylez Ov Da Poor & Dangerous and The Big Picture together with a few freestyles and new remixes.
 This article is about an album by Don Cherry. For philosophical concept see Eternal Now (New Age)Eternal Now is an album by trumpeter Don Cherry recorded in 1973 and released on the Swedish Sonet label.
 The Final is a compilation released in 1986 to summarise the career of British pop duo Wham!. The album was not initially released in North America where Wham's third and final studio album Music from the Edge of Heaven was released instead. Four songs from that album appear on this compilation. For many it remains the definitive Wham! purchase containing all the hits most of them in their single mixes.
 Ghosts&Phantoms is a vinyl LP in limited edition from the Swedish rock band Mando Diao. In December 2011 24 unpublished songs have been released as the band´s Christmas calendar for download. Due to the immediate success an LP was released in January 2012 as limited edition of 500 pieces containing 22 songs and for free download.
 Bassey – The EMI/UA Years 1959–1979 is a 5-CD boxset compilation from Shirley Bassey issued in 1994 this set features 94 studio recordings on four CDs recorded for EMI/United Artists between 1959 and 1979. Disc five features a previously unreleased live recording from Carnegie Hall. The boxset was reissued by EMI in 2010 in a standard jewel case set.All tracks appear here in stereo the original singles released between 1959 and 1969 were released in mono.
 Spoken For is the second studio album by Christian rock band MercyMe. Released on October 1 2002 Spoken For sold 28000 copies in its first week debuting at number 41 on the Billboard 200; it also peaked at number 2 on the Christian Albums chart and number 6 on the Top Pop Catalog Albums chart. The album received a generally positive reception from critics some of whom praised the album as being both a lyrical and musical progression from their debut album Almost There.
 Australia is an album by Howie Day first released in 2000 independently and re-released in 2002 by Epic Records.
 Crazy Heart: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a 2010 film soundtrack album to accompany the film Crazy Heart directed by Scott Cooper starring Jeff Bridges and Maggie Gyllenhaal.
 Live at the Olympia '96 is a live double album by British hard rock band Deep Purple. It was recorded at the Olympia in Paris on 17 June 1996 during the Purpendicular tour and released in 1997.Initial copies of the release have a round sticker on the front of the CD jewel-case stating 'Official Bootleg'.
 Live at the Paramount is a live video by the grunge band Nirvana released in 2011. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc as part of the 20th anniversary of Nirvana's Nevermind album. It showcases a live performance at the Paramount Theatre in Seattle from October 31 1991. The footage is taken from the only Nirvana show ever to be shot on 16 mm film.
 When the Feeling Hits You!' is a 1965 studio album by Sammy Davis Jr. featuring Sam Butera and the Witnesses.
 Stairway to Hell is an EP by the American rock band Ugly Kid Joe. It was released digitally on June 5 2012 and physical version surfaced a month later July 9. This is their first studio recording since 1996's Motel California and their first EP since 1991's As Ugly as They Wanna Be. A video for its single Devil's Paradise was released on May 24 2012 to promote it. Five days later the EP was available for streaming in its entirety.
 Punishment Room is the debut album of Distorted Pony released in 1992 through Bomp!. The CD version of the album contains the band's previous release Work Makes Freedom.
 Odeon is a concept album by Tosca released under Studio !K7.
 The Best of Big Audio Dynamite is a budget compilation album by Big Audio Dynamite released in 2009 on the Camden record label. It comprises the majority of their singles (in unedited form) together with selected album tracks although nothing is included from either F-Punk or Entering a New Ride nor anything from Kool-Aid.
 Other Roads is an album by Boz Scaggs released in 1988. After an eight-year hiatus from recording Boz Scaggs returned in 1988 with the album Other Roads a record aimed primarily at the adult contemporary market. The album reached #47 on the Billboard pop album chart while the lead single “Heart of Mine” was a big Adult Contemporary success peaking at #3 on that chart. The single also reached #35 on the Billboard pop singles chart.
 In Search of Angels is a 1999 album the tenth by Scottish Celtic rock band Runrig.This is the first Runrig album without longtime lead vocalist Donnie Munro introducing his replacement Bruce Guthro.
 Higanbana is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The title is the Japanese name for Lycoris radiata.
 iTunes Live from SoHo is the second EP from the pop-rock band the Jonas Brothers. Various artists have also an EP iTunes Live from SoHo the Jonas Brothers recorded theirs 24 February 2009.The EP contains 6 songs which are available as a digital download on iTunes
 Navigational is the second full-length album by Centro-Matic. The album was recorded by Matt Pence in Milstadt IL at Jay Farrar's studio. All songs were written by Will Johnson.
 Dirty Ron/Ghost Songs is a double album by Tim Rogers and the Temperance Union. The album was released on 5 September 2005 as a double-digipack. 'Do It Again' was released as a radio single. All tracks written by Tim Rogers with exception of 'Simple Things' by Tim Rogers/Ian Kitney.
 Duster is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton recorded in 1967 and released on the RCA label.Duster is often considered to be one of the first jazz fusion albums. Although it received mixed responses from critics it peaked at number 15 on Billboards Top Jazz Albums.
 Empire is the fourth full-length album by the American heavy metal band Queensrÿche released on August 20 1990. The album reached triple-platinum status and the single extracted the power ballad Silent Lucidity reached No. 1 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks and No. 9 on the Billboard Hot 100. Silent Lucidity was also nominated for the Grammy Awards of 1992 in the categories Best Rock Song and Best Rock Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group.
 If These Trees Could Talk is the eponymous debut EP by the American post-rock band If These Trees Could Talk released in 2006. The opening track Malabar Front was featured in the PlayStation 3 game Infamous.
 Chemist is the thirteenth album by Australian improvised music trio The Necks first released on the Fish of Milk label in 2005 and later on the ReR label internationally. The album features three tracks titled Fatal Buoyant and Abillera performed by Chris Abrahams Lloyd Swanton and Tony Buck. The album won the ARIA Music Awards Best Jazz album in 2006.
 Time Is the Enemy is a live album by bassist Jonas Hellborg released on 14 October 1997 through Bardo Records; a remastered edition was reissued on 30 March 2004. It features guitarist Shawn Lane and drummer Jeff Sipe (credited as Apt. Q-258) as collaborators both of whom joined Hellborg on his previous album Temporal Analogues of Paradise (1996).
 Oowatanite is a compilation album by the Canadian rock band April Wine released in 1990.
 This Is Who I Am is the first studio album by Salem Al Fakir released on January 24 2007.
 NeveroddoreveN is an album by the British Electronic music group I Monster. It was originally released in 2003 by Instant Karma sublabel Dharma Records during a period of transition for the band's label. It was recorded in the home studio of band member Dean Honer. Capitalization of the final letter in the album's name is suggested by the typography of the original cover art but recognition of this has been inconsistent in the press. The title is a palindrome.
 Blues Cross Country is a 1962 studio album by Peggy Lee arranged by Quincy Jones.
 Dobrodošao u klub (English: Welcome to the Club) is the eleventh studio album by Croatian recording artist Severina which was released in December 2012 by Dallas Records.
 Kiss Konfidential is a music VHS by American hard rock band Kiss released on August 16 1993. The video features 13 live performances and also features backstage interviews from their Revenge Tour. There is also a variety of vintage clips from the 1970s.The video has been praised as it features backstage footage of the band on the road and shows what it takes to make one of KISS' shows come to life. It was certified Gold in the US.
 Live in Atlanta is an album by the band Casting Crowns. Released in 2004 it is a two-disc set which contains a concert DVD in addition to the music CD.
 Desde un Principio: From the Beginning is a greatest hits album from American recording artist Marc Anthony. The album was released on November 9 1999 by RMM Records & Video (RMM). It was a result of Anthony leaving RMM Records and signing on with Columbia Records.
 Private Beach Party is a 1985 album by the Jamaican reggae singer Gregory Isaacs. The album continued Isaacs' working relationship with producer Augustus Gussie Clarke to whom he would return in 1988 for the hugely successful Rumours and Red Rose for Gregory.
 Ten Horns – Ten Diadems is a compilation album by the Norwegian black metal band Satyricon.
 Don't Look Back is an album by Natalie Cole released in 1980 through Capitol Records. The album reached peak positions of number 77 on the Billboard 200 and number 17 on Billboard's R&B Albums chart.
 Rata Blanca VII is a Rata Blanca album released in 1997. Recorded at El Pie Studios Buenos Aires between April 10 and May 30 1997. It is the band's last album before their separation. The album featuring Gabriel Marian on vocals is a very different from the rest of the discography and heavily influenced by modern metal of the era.
 Jazz Goes to College is a 1954 album documenting the North American college tour of The Dave Brubeck Quartet. It was Dave Brubeck first album for Columbia Records. He was joined by alto saxophonist Paul Desmond double bassist Bob Bates and drummer Joe Dodge. The album was re-released on CD and cassette under the Columbia imprint in 1991 and on CD by Sony International in 2000.
 For Your Consideration is a 2008 comedy album recorded by American stand-up comedian Kathy Griffin. The album was recorded at the Grand Theatre Center for the Arts in Tracy California on February 17 2008. It is Griffin's first audio-only release of her stand-up material. Included on the disc are her takes on various celebrities and her personal life. Griffin stated that she decided to release this CD to try to win a Grammy award.
 B. E. Taylor Christmas is the debut solo album by B. E. Taylor. The album was released in 1994 and was the first in a two-album series of Christmas albums by B.E.
 Through the Storm is the second studio album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams released in 1991.
 Saddle Tramp is a studio album by The Charlie Daniels Band released on March 29 1976.
 Take a Look was an album released by Aretha Franklin in 1967. The album was released by Columbia Records. In Europe this album was released by CBS Records and it was titled Soul Soul Soul.
 Kogutud teosed. 1968–1980. Esimene osa. (Collected works. First part.) is the first compilation album by Estonian rock musician Urmas Alender coupled with Kogutud teosed. 1981–1993. Teine osa.. The album was produced by Alender's daughter Yoko.
 Wig Out at Jagbags is an album by Stephen Malkmus and the Jicks. It was released on January 7 2014 by Matador Records.
 Arrival is the second official album by pop/rock band Rocket Transfer Warehouse released in 2000.
 A Juvenile Product of the Working Class is the third full-length album by the Californian punk rock band Swingin' Utters. It was released on September 1 1996 as the band's first album on Fat Wreck Chords. The album's name was taken from a line in Elton John's song Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting.
 Dirty Rotten Shame is an album by Ronnie Drew released in 1995.Drew left The Dubliners in 1995 after recording this album due to its high chart success in the Irish Charts. It has more of a rock music feel than his previous solo albums and features Aslan on backing vocals. It was produced by Keith Donald formerly of Moving Hearts and contains songs by Elvis Costello Christy Moore and U2's Bono.
 Enjoy the Fall is the debut studio album by the futurepop duo Edge of Dawn released in 2007. Remixes of songs The Flight [Lux] Descent and Elegance also included on their debut EP The Flight (Lux) are featured on this album.
 One of the Boys is the third studio solo album by The Who's lead vocalist Roger Daltrey. It was first released in the year 1977 on Polydor in the UK and MCA in the US. The sessions were recorded at The Who's Ramport Studios during the winter of 1976 (vocals were recorded at Pathe Marconi Studios in Paris due to tax complications) and Daltrey allowed students from the local Battersea technical school to film them as an educational project.
 Terrorfront is the first and debut full-length album by Polish blackened death metal band Infernal War. The album was released on May 18 2005 through Agonia Records. It was recorded and mixed at the Radioaktywni Studio Częstochowa Poland in April 2004. And was mastered by Jaroslaw Toifl at the HH Studio Gliwice Poland.It is known that this album was released as a jewel case and as a limited edition gatefold black vinyl pressing limited to 500 handnumbered copies.
 Live After Deaf is a live box set by American alt-country singer-songwriter Ryan Adams released on June 18 2012 on PAX AM. Comprising fifteen vinyl discs the release chronicles Adams' return to live performances following a two-year hiatus from music. Live After Deaf is a limited edition release.
 Olympia is an album by the British singer Bryan Ferry released by Virgin Records on 25 October 2010. Co-produced by Ferry and Rhett Davies Olympia is Ferry's first album of largely original material since 2002's Frantic. The album features a wide range of contributors including co-songwriter David A.
 The Song Remains Insane is the first video by the Brazilian-American heavy metal band Soulfly. It was released through Roadrunner Records on 1 March 2005.
 Feeling You Up is the second and last album to date by alternative rock band Truly recorded from 1995–1997 and released November 1997 on 12 vinyl and CD. It's On Your Face was used in its entirety in Francis Ford Coppola's TV series First Wave episode 16 The Undesirables.
 Silver Wilkinson is the seventh studio album by electronic musician Bibio his fourth studio release on Warp Records. It was released May 14 2013 in the U.S. and Europe. The album marked a return to the sound of Bibio's early albums released on Mush Records focusing more on guitar and atmosphere while also incorporating some elements of Mind Bokeh and Ambivalence Avenue. Silver Wilkinson comes from the name of a salmon fishing fly which the artist's girlfriend showed him.
 The Zombies is the American debut LP by The Zombies released in January 1965.After the double-sided hit single She's Not There b/w You Make Me Feel Good topped the U.S. charts in the fall of 1964 Parrot Records quickly released this LP in 1965. The dozen tracks were taken from material the Zombies cut for their UK debut album Begin Here. Also included are It's Alright With Me and Sometimes from their self-titled EP.
 Cross Purpose is a reunion album released by Spooky Tooth on Ruf Records in 1999. It was the first album released by the band in twenty-five years following The Mirror released in 1974 and the first album in thirty years to feature the majority of the original band lineup which last recorded Spooky Two in 1969.
 Of Rust and Bones is the fourth studio album by the Finnish gothic metal band Poisonblack. It was released on March 22 2010 in Europe by Century Media Records.
 Top and Bottom Brass is an album by trumpeter Clark Terry featuring performances recorded in early 1959 and originally released on the Riverside label.
 Coalition: the Hip-Hop Alliance is a compilation album under ForeFront Records. It was produced by Pigeon John for the Telephone Company.
 Chill Pill is the fourth album by the band Warrior Soul released in 1993. The album was remastered and re-released with bonus tracks on CD and MP3 in 2009 by Escapi Music. Michael Monroe of Hanoi Rocks fame plays harmonica on the track High Road.
 As Statues Fell is an LP from Fear of God released by Off The Disk Records.
 I Can Make a Mess Like Nobody's Business is the solo release from The Early November frontman Ace Enders on Drive-Thru Records released on October 26 2004.
 Flamingos is Enrique Bunbury's third studio album.
 Fallen is the only full-length album by the Finnish gothic metal supergroup band For My Pain....
 It Walks Like Love is the fourth album from Australian singer/songwriter Loene Carmen. It was released in 2009 on Chiquita Records through Inertia in Australia. It was recorded at Big Jesus Burger Studios in Sydney NSW by Burke Reid and features musicians from Australian bands The Holy Soul and The Scare and a duet with Jed Kurzel from the Mess Hall.
 The Battle of Electricity is the second album by Athens-based Elephant 6 band The Gerbils
 Thessaloniki - Yannena With Two Canvas Shoes is an album by Goran Bregović and the Greek singer George Dalaras.
 Yip/Jump Music is the fifth self-released music cassette album by singer-songwriter Daniel Johnston recorded over the summer 1983.The album was re-released on cassette in 1986 by Stress records and in 1988 released on CD and double LP by Homestead Records. The album has been re-released twice by Eternal Yip Eye Music: once in 2003 on CD and CD-R and once in 2007 as a double vinyl LP.Yip/Jump Music is the first album to feature Johnston on the chord organ.
 The Lost Trident Sessions is a studio album by jazz fusion group the Mahavishnu Orchestra released on September 21 1999 through Sony Music Entertainment. It was originally recorded in June 1973 at Trident Studios but was not released until 26 years later.
 Hank Williams Jr.'s Greatest Hits - Volume 2 is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams Jr.. The Album was issued by MGM Records as number SE 4822.
 Black Widow is the eponymous second album by English rock band Black Widow. It was issued in 1971 on CBS Records (the same year Black Sabbath's Master of Reality was released) and was produced by Patrick Meehan Jr. On Black Widow the occult-based lyrical themes that had dominated the band's debut disappeared.
 Black & White Rainbow is the companion CD of the CD/EP Hello Motherfucker! EP (2001 re-issue) by the heavy stoner rock band Milligram released in 2001.It consists of three original tracks including the demo version (faster) of My alternate Altamont (which was re-released in its final version (slower) in the album This is class war) and five covers songs.
 The Anvil is the second studio album by British new wave band Visage released in March 1982. The album reached No. 6 in the UK and was certified Silver by the British Phonographic Industry in April 1982.
 Strange Cousins from the West is the ninth full-length studio album by rock band Clutch. The album was released on July 14 2009. It was produced by J. Robbins who previously worked with the band on Robot Hive/Exodus.The album debuted at No. 38 on the Billboard 200 the week following its release with sales of 13000 copies making it the band's highest debuting album.On May 13 2009 the first single 50000 Unstoppable Watts was released online.
 25 Ores (Greek: 25 Ώρες; English: 25 hours) is the 11th studio album by Greek singer-songwriter and record producer Nikos Karvelas released by Sony Music Greece in July 1995. The album was certified gold with 30000 copies sold.
 MotorCycle is the title of a 1993 album by rock band Daniel Amos released on BAI Records. The album was dedicated to the memory of songwriter Mark Heard.MotorCycle is a lush pop rock album which marked the return of longtime D.A. guitarist Jerry Chamberlain.Grace is the Smell of Rain was later rerecorded by Taylor's other band the Lost Dogs for their 2004 album MUTT.
 New Rags is an album by Jack DeJohnette released on the German ECM label in 1977.
 Rhythm and Stealth is the second album by Leftfield released on 20 September 1999. It was the follow-up to 1995's Leftism. The album reached No. 1 in the UK album chart. It was nominated for the Mercury Music Prize in 2000 but lost out to Badly Drawn Boy's The Hour of Bewilderbeast.Rhythm and Stealth had a notably harsher underlying beat than its predecessor with songs such as Phat Planet and Afrika Shox being much darker than those on the previous album.
 Sonic Nurse is the 13th album by Sonic Youth released on June 7 2004. The cover art was made by renowned artist Richard Prince from his Nurse Paintings series. Furthermore one of Prince's photographic creations in this series is entitled Dude Ranch Nurse which is also the name of a song on this record.Pattern Recognition is based on the 2003 William Gibson novel of the same name.
 Miss Black and Her Friends is the debut EP by English electronic band Ladytron. It was released in December 1999 exclusively in Japan through Bambini label. All tracks but Miss Black would be later released on their 2001 debut album 604.
 FabricLive.39 is a 2008 mix album by DJ Yoda. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Submarine is the debut album by the Irish rock group Whipping Boy released in July 1992 on the Liquid Records label.The album used shades of early Sonic Youth and Post Punk Rock along with Ian McCulloch vocal styles in places. Blending music stylings of My Bloody Valentine and The Loop with same kind of drone rock as Spacemen 3.
 Happy Holiday is a 1955 album of Christmas songs and carols by Jo Stafford accompanied by her husband Paul Weston and his orchestra. The entire family participated in the creation of this album; young Tim Weston is the small boy on the cover. Stafford is also joined by The Starlighters for vocal background just as she was after her version of The Chesterfield Supper Club moved to Hollywood.
 Shout It Out is the eighth studio album released by American pop group Hanson. The album is the third release through their own label 3CG Records. Shout It Out was released on June 8 2010 in the US and July 14 2010 in Japan.On March 6 2010 Hanson shot dance and other sequences for the music video of their new single Thinking 'Bout Somethin' at Greenwood Avenue in their home town of Tulsa.
 Les Amours du dimanche is a 1989 album recorded by French artist Marc Lavoine. It was his third studio album and contains the singles C'est la vie (#14) Ami Chère amie (they failed to chart) Rue Fontaine (#11) and Je n'ai plus rien à te donner (#18) which obtained popularity in France. The album earned a Gold certification awarded by the SNEP and was ranked on the chart for 26 weeks in 1989 and 1991 peaking at #35 in its first and second weeks.
 Let Me Tell You About a Song is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard released in 1972. It reached #7 on the Billboard Country album chart and #166 on the Pop album chart. The lead-off singles were Grandma Harp and Daddy Frank (Guitar Man) — both reached #1.Let Me Tell You About a Song was reissued along with Hag on CD by Beat Goes On Records in 2002.
 Return Of The Slice is a Japanese EP from Brooklyn Punk band Cerebral Ballzy. It was released on 9 March 2011 in Japan through Vinyl Junkie Recordings.Tracks 1 and 2 were released on the Insufficient Fare single. Tracks 3 4 6 8 and 9 were released on The Grip EP. To date tracks 5 and 7 are exclusive to this EP however live versions are included as bonus tracks on their self-titled album.
 The Movies was the debut album by The Movies released in 1975.
 Trouble Days was recorded independently by Christian alternative rock band Seabird. The album was released on July 16 2013 and funded largely by $40000 generated on Kickstarter.
 Sambolero is a studio album by The João Donato Trio released by Universal Music Group on December 31 2005. The album earned the Latin Grammy for Best Latin Jazz Album at the 10th Latin Grammy Awards.
 Heat 4 Yo Azz is the debut album by Vallejo California rapper Celly Cel. The album was released in 1994 for Sick Wid It Records and was produced by Celly Cel Sam Bostic and Studio Ton. The album was mildly successful making it to #34 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop album chart.[citation needed] Guests include B-Legit E-40 and Funk Mobb.
 Sunken Water is the third studio album by the New Zealand rock band Pluto was released on 22 October 2007. It is the follow-up to the double platinum Pipeline Under the Ocean.
 Mind Is the Magic: Anthem for the Las Vegas Show is a compilation album by Siegfried & Roy including a Michael Jackson song titled Mind Is the Magic. The album released on July 10 2009 by German record label - ZYX Music in Europe.
 Songs From Home is Lea Salonga's all-Filipino album (OPM) performed during a sold-out 2-night concert at the Plenary Hall of the Philippine International Convention Center in Manila on September 2003. The album includes some of the Philippines' most well-known artists.This is quite possibly the most special concert I've ever done. Throughout my many years of performing never have I had the joy of singing a concert repertoire composed solely of Original Filipino music.
 Just Who I Am: Poets & Pirates is the twelfth studio album by country music artist Kenny Chesney. It was released in the United States on September 11 2007. The CD was leaked on the Internet on September 5 2007 almost a week before its release. It produced four singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart between 2007 and 2008 three of which reached number one. The album includes duets with George Strait and Joe Walsh.
 The American Dream is Emitt Rhodes' third album by release date although it was recorded first. It was recorded in 1969 but released in 1971 as a contractual obligation to A&M Records. The album was released in response to the success of his two solo albums on Dunhill Records.
 Back Here On Earth is Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot's fourth studio album released in 1968 on the United Artists label.Apart from his eponymous debut album it is Lightfoot's only studio album not to derive its title from a song on the album. Back Here on Earth was Lightfoot's last studio recording on the United Artists label which he left after releasing the live album Sunday Concert in 1969.
 Popsicle is an alternative rock album by indie band Diamond Nights released in 2005. The song The Girl's Attractive was featured in a 2006 Jaguar and an Austrian beer (Stiegl) advertisement as well on the Thirst and Nicodemus episodes of the TV drama Smallville and was included on its second Soundtrack The Metropolis Mix .
 XLI3H (leet for Greek:Εξέλιξη meaning Evolution) is a hip hop album by 2008 MTV EMA Winner for Best Greek Act Stereo Mike and was released by Minos EMI. Stereo Mike is also the producer of the album.The album features many collaborations with other artists including Haris Alexiou Andiana Babali Shaya Lagnis N.T.P. Mihos24 Reggae Philharmonic Orchestra Skrein Sandman Ghetto Priest and Zeraw (Tang-Ram).
 Talento de Barrio (English: Hood Talent) is a soundtrack album to the film of the same name starring Puerto Rican reggaeton singer-songwriter Daddy Yankee who also performs the songs on the album. It was released on August 12 2008 by Machete Music and El Cartel Records to accompany the motion picture Talento de Barrio. The album was mainly produced by reggaeton producers Eli El Musicólogo and Menes.
 Paper Tigers is the fourth album by the Swedish band Caesars released on April 26 2005. The album was released on Virgin in the United Kingdom Astralwerks in the United States and Toshiba-EMI in Japan. The album contains the re-release of the song Jerk It Out.
 The Family Values Tour 2001 is a live album with various artists performing on stage during The Family Values Tour in fall 2001. It is released on May 7 2002. The album includes various artists performing at the Family Values Tour in 2001 such as Linkin Park Staind Deadsy Stone Temple Pilots Static-X and Staind frontman Aaron Lewis.
 Out Of The Light Of The 13 Dark Night was the first official full-length album released in Germany by the Japanese horror punk band Balzac. It consists of re-recordings of previously released songs by the band and is considered by some as a European counterpart to the album Beyond The Darkness as it served to properly introduce Balzac to Europe.
 The Disease EP is the second EP by British metalcore band The Eyes of a Traitor. It was released 16 September 2011 through distribution at live shows while touring the United Kingdom the EP was limited to 200 copies. On 9 November 2011 the EP was made free by the band.
 Way Out Here is the debut studio album by American country music singer Josh Thompson. It was released on February 23 2010 via Columbia Records Nashville. The album's first two singles Beer on the Table and the title track charted in the Top 20 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart peaking at number 17 and number 15 respectively. Won't Be Lonely Long was released as the third single and it peaked at number 25 on the same chart.
 Not Enough Night is the sole album by indie rock band Kubichek!. It was released in the UK on 19 March 2007. The title is taken from the chorus of the song Nightjoy.
 Quiet Now is an album by jazz pianist Bill Evans released in 1969.In 1999 Polygram issued a compilation titled Quiet Now: Never Let Me Go which aside from the title track has a completely different track listing.
 This article describes an album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 26 or Now 26 was released in 1999. The album is the 26th edition of the South African Now! series.
 The Fantastic Jazz Harp of Dorothy Ashby is an album by jazz harpist Dorothy Ashby recorded in 1965 and released on the Atlantic label.
 This Machine is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock band The Dandy Warhols. It was released on 24 April 2012. The album features a more stripped-down laid-back style than much of the band's previous work.
 Sapmaan go Waisammo? or One Hundred Thousand Whys? (十萬個為什麼) is a 1993 Cantonese album recorded by Chinese Cantopop singer Faye Wong as 王靖雯 Wong Ching Man when she was based in Hong Kong.
 Dystopia is the debut album from Australian electronic band Midnight Juggernauts. It debuted and peaked at #21 on the ARIA Albums Chart.
 Gravity is the fourth studio album by progressive rock band Anekdoten released in June 2003 in both CD and Vinyl LP formats. The first Japanese LP edition contained a bonus CD of material recorded live at Nearfest 2000.
 And Then You'll Beg is the fourth album by Canadian technical death metal band Cryptopsy. It is the first album with guitarist Alex Auburn and the last album with vocalist Mike DiSalvo and guitarist Jon Levasseur until Levasseur returned in 2011. Back to the Worms was the only track from Ungentle Exhumation that was not re-recorded for the debut album Blasphemy Made Flesh. The album starts with a sample from the movie The Matrix.
 Shaggs' Own Thing is a 1982 compilation album featuring the music of The Shaggs.
 In Search of... is the debut album released by N.E.R.D. The group originally released it in Europe[citation needed] in 2001 where Kelis' Neptunes-produced album Wanderland was better received. Similarly to Kelis' early work the original version of In Search of...
 Modal Soul Classics is a compilation album from Japanese hip hop producer Nujabes. Though the music on the this album is commonly attributed to Nujabes none of it is composed by him; the songs on this album were only compiled and mastered by him. All of it is by other artists who have inspired Nujabes.
 Easy Money is the nineteenth studio album of country music artist John Anderson. It was released in 2007 under the Warner Bros. Records label. The album produced the singles: If Her Lovin' Don't Kill Me (previously a single in 2002 for Aaron Tippin from his album Stars & Stripes) and A Woman Knows.Easy Money peaked at 36 for country albums and reached 170 on the United States Billboard 200.
 The MacDonald Brothers is a self-titled album by Scottish band The MacDonald Brothers. It was recorded in 2007 and released on 2 April 2007. It entered the UK Albums Chart at number 18 with first week sales of 11596.
 Our Color Green (The Singles) is an extended play by the American post-hardcore band Glassjaw that was self-released on January 1 2011. The EP compiles five singles that were previously released throughout the later part of 2010. Our Color Green (The Singles) is the first release from Glassjaw since the 2005 B-sides EP El Mark and first release of original material since the 2002 studio album Worship and Tribute. Also the first release as a four piece without Todd Weinstock.
 Las Maquinas de la Muerte is the third studio album by Polish rock/rapcore band Kazik Na Żywo. It was released in April 1999 in Poland through S.P. Records (CD and MC version). The album was recorded in 1998 Warsaw.
 Killing Time Again (1998) is a two-disk aggrotech album by Funker Vogt.
 Unchain My Heart is the eleventh studio album by Joe Cocker released in 1987.Miller Lite used Joe Cocker's Unchain My Heart for their Dalmatian campaign as the dog jumps from the Budweiser Clydesdale horse-drawn carriage to the Miller Lite truck.
 Rapped in Romance is the final album from the World Class Wreckin' Cru released under the Epic record label in 1986. Cli-N-Tel left the group during the fall of 1985 which led to Lonzo recruiting Shakespeare to join the group. Ice Cube a member of the C.I.A around this period who was friends with Dr. Dre co-wrote one of the songs on the album together called Cabbage Patch.
 East and West (Toshiko Akiyoshi and Charlie Mariano) is a jazz album recorded in Tokyo in 1963 and released on the Victor (Japan) label. A slightly different version was released by Nippon Columbia titled Toshiko - Mariano Quartet (in West Side).
 Rocks Into Rivers is the second studio album by Christian alternative rock band Seabird. The album was released on December 15 2009 on Credential Recordings. The first single from the album is Don't You Know You're Beautiful.
 Durch die Wüste is the first full-length solo album by German keyboardist Hans-Joachim Roedelius best known for his work with Cluster Harmonia and Aquarello. The title is German for Through the Desert.The music on Durch Die Wüste was recorded over a two-year period from 1976 to 1978 at Conny's Studio outside of Cologne Germany. Conny Plank and Dave Hutchins served as sound engineers and was co-produced by Roedelius and Plank. It was released by Sky Records in 1978.
 Air Pocket is the second album by American keyboardist Roger Powell released on Bearsville Records in 1980. It includes 11 tracks all written performed and sung by the artist and features Todd Rundgren on ebow guitar on one track. Other credits include John Holbrook Cleve Pozar and Mark Styles. Voted the #1 album of 1980 by a reader poll in Keyboard Magazine.
 Stan Kenton Presents Gabe Baltazar is an album by Gabe Baltazar. It was the last recording by Stan Kenton's Creative World Records label prior to Kenton's death on August 25 1979. It was also the last of the Stan Kenton presents... series of albums (Bill Holman Bill Russo Bob Cooper etc.); this recording presents the talent of the alto saxophonist and former Kenton band member Gabe Baltazar.
 Sign of Truth is the first album by Swedish/German power metal band Dionysus. It was recorded at the Röhn Studio in Fulda Germany which is best known for its productions with Edguy and Avantasia by Tobias Sammet and mixed by Tommy Newton (Keeper of the Seven Keys Part 1 & 2).HammerFall singer Joacim Cans worked with Dionysus on the album and also wrote the lyrics of Bringer of Salvation and Bringer of War on their second album Anima Mundi.
 Hypnagogic States EP is an EP by The Cure released on 13 September 2008. It contains remixes of the first four singles off of the band's album 4:13 Dream: The Only One Freakshow Sleep When I'm Dead and The Perfect Boy. The EP reached the number one in Spain. The album is the second remix album/EP by The Cure following Mixed Up.
 Innocence Is No Excuse is the seventh studio album by heavy metal band Saxon released in 1985 (see 1985 in music). It was the group's first album for EMI after a falling-out with their previous label Carrere Records and their last with original bassist Steve Dawson.
 Everyone Deserves Music is the fourth studio release by Michael Franti & Spearhead. The album is possibly most famous for Franti's protest song Bomb the World.
 Code Red Cloud Nine is the second solo album by Richard Bennett released on Moderne Shellac in February 2008. With his latest release Code Red Cloud Nine Bennett and his golden tone guitar come swinging back with a dozen unbeatable originals. It's the stuff that dreams are made of....romance adventure mystery and danger. I believe these tracks might reflect the real 'heart and soul' of Richard Bennett.
 The Witch is the second album by Ambar and collaboration between actress and singer María Conchita Alonso and Italo–Venezuelan producer Rudy La Scala. It was released in 1980 and was their second and final collaboration. Like its predecessor the album Love Maniac it was recorded in English. However trends were already starting to change and the popularity of disco music from the 1970s was ending so this album is less dance-oriented and it leans more towards rock.
 Bayou Country is the second studio album by American rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival released by Fantasy Records in January 1969 and was the first of three albums CCR released in that year (see 1969 in music). The album was remastered and reissued on 180 Gram Vinyl by Analogue Productions in 2006.
 The Hardship Diaries is the debut full length solo release from InMe frontman Dave McPherson. The album was released on April 10 2011 through PledgeMusic and Graphite Records.The first and only single from the album was Summer: She Puts Me In a Good Mood.
 Blue Collar is the debut album by Grammy Award winning songwriter Rhymefest. It was released July 11 2006 on J Records and includes the single Brand New which features Kanye West.
 Elephant MIcah and the Loud Guitars is a CD-R by Elephant Micah. Released in September 2004 the album is the second in a series of three CD-Rs that he released on Time-Lag Records between May 2004 and January 2005.
 Weight of the World is a 2002 album by the Canadian hard rock band Harem Scarem. They released it as Rubber in Canada.
 Big Black Delta is the eponymous album of Mellowdrone vocalist Jonathan Bates' solo project Big Black Delta. It was released in June 2013 under Master of Bates Records.
 Tanauka is the first album by the Namibian musician Gazza. It was released by RC-Ghetto in February 2004. It includes the hit songs Ghetto Life and Shidolodolo which both include his then best friend and label mate The Dogg. Production of the album was by Elvo. The album contains songs inspired by different genres.
 Tutto l'amore che ti manca is a 1987 album by Julio Iglesias.
 Ghost Stories is the second album by the metalcore music group Silent Civilian the follow-up to Rebirth of the Temple. It was released on May 18 2010.About the album Jonny Santos was quoted as saying Musically this record is very different from the last but evolution is the key to longevity in my eyes.
 Sky 2 is the second album by English/Australian instrumental band Sky released in 1980. Despite being a double album it reached number one in the British Album charts and at the time was the fastest double album to receive platinum status in the UK while the instrumental single Toccata peaked at 5 in the British Singles Chart.Francis Monkman played guitar on the 20-minute rock suite FIFO because in his words I felt it necessary to inject a grunge element.
 Home is the debut album by the American alternative rock band Blessid Union of Souls. It was released on March 21 1995 on the EMI label. The album contains their biggest hit single I Believe which reached #8 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Message from Beat Street: The Best of Grandmaster Flash Melle Mel & the Furious Five is a 1994 CD compilation album released on the Rhino Entertainment record label in the US. It consists of tracks recorded by the various versions of Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five and Grandmaster Melle Mel.
 Black Sun is the third studio album from the hard rock band Ra released on September 23 2008. Broken Hearted Soul was released as a single on Christmas Day 2007 later becoming available on iTunes on June 17 2008. Black Sun was released to iTunes on September 16 2008. Some retailers did not carry this album due to distribution problems (unverified). The album reached #193 on the Billboard 200. It also reached #2 on Heatseekers Albums and #30 on Independent Albums.
 Christmas Is... Johnny Farnham (later re-released twice as Memories Of Christmas by Johnny Farnham with different cover art at the time of the albums release he was now recording under John Farnham) is a studio album of Christmas songs recorded by Australian pop singer John Farnham (then billed as Johnny Farnham) and released on EMI Records in December 1970. The single Christmas Happy was also released in December.
 El Divo Canta A México (The Divo sings to Mexico) is the title of a live album released by Mexican singer-songwriter Juan Gabriel on October 21 2008. This live album was released in two formats CD and DVD.
 Historically Speaking is a 1951 recording by baritone saxophonist Gerry Mulligan who is joined by pianist George Wallington.
 Survival of the Sickest is the fourth studio album by Saliva. It was released on August 17 2004. No Hard Feelings is the only song which features rap vocals in the bridge and it also has the same exact lyrics in No Regrets just using a different musical approach to both songs. The album produced two singles Survival of the Sickest in July 2004 and Razor's Edge in the November of the year 2004.
 Close Enough For Rock 'N' Roll is the seventh studio album by the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth released in 1976.The album title refers to a saying among guitar players: it doesn't matter if your guitar is fully in tune as long as it's close enough for rock 'n' roll.
 Prime Evil is a 1997 EP released by Raymond Watts (as PIG) It was released exclusively in Japan as a follow-up to 1996's Wrecked. It features four remixes of tracks from Wrecked as well as a cover of Black Sabbath's War Pigs and the original tracks Prime Evil and The Keeper of the Margarita.
 Atlantis: Hymns for Disco is the third album of hip-hop artist k-os. It was released in Canada on October 10 2006 and debuted at #1 in music sales. The album was released worldwide on February 20 2007. In the US it reached #152 on the Billboard 200 and #5 on the Heatseekers.
 A Greater Darkness is the eighth release by Industrial metal band Red Harvest. It was released on 20 February 2007. The album was nominated in 2007 for a Spellemann Award in the Metal category.
 Mission: Control! is the debut album from American rock band Burning Airlines released in 1999.
 In Trance is the third studio album by the German heavy metal band Scorpions released by RCA Records in 1975. The album's music was the complete departure from the progressive Krautrock of the two previous albums in favor of a heavy metal sound of shorter and tighter arrangements with which the band would achieve their later global success and fame extended suites in the vein of songs such as Lonesome Crow and Fly to the Rainbow are absent altogether.
 Today Forever is an EP by British band Ride released in March 1991.The first three songs also appeared in the US on the Vapour Trail CD-single. All four songs from the EP were added to the Nowhere album as bonus tracks on its re-release in 2001 as well as its 20th Anniversary reissue in 2011.
 Lux Noctis is the first full-length studio album by German gothic metal band Coronatus released in 2007.
 The Cocktail Cowboy Goes It Alone is the first solo album by Dave Pegg of Fairport Convention and Jethro Tull. It was recorded at his Woodworm Studios in Barford St. Michael during Spring 1983; it was released in 1983 as Woodworm WR003.Pegg formed a band called The Cocktail Cowboys to promote the album featuring young local musicians.
 Playing the Field is the first greatest hits album released by the British band The Outfield featuring much of the band's popular material released over the previous decade.
 Nightbirds is an album by the all-female singing group Labelle released in 1974 on the Epic label. Notable for their biggest hit the number-one song Lady Marmalade it became the group's most successful album to date.
 The View is the second studio album by drummer Chad Wackerman released in 1993 through CMP Records; it was later reissued together with Wackerman's 1991 album Forty Reasons as a limited edition double-disc compilation.
 Romeo's Heart is a studio album by Australian singer John Farnham. The album was released in Australia on 3 June 1996 and was Farnham's first studio album since the release of Then Again... in 1993.This album peaked in the ARIA charts at No. 2 and was four times platinum. It won the Best Adult Contemporary Album at the ARIA Awards in 1996.
 Re-Evolution is the fifth studio by Finnish symphonic metal band Amberian Dawn. This album contains songs from their past four albums; River of Tuoni (2008) The Clouds of Northland Thunder (2009) End of Eden (2010) and Circus Black (2012) each of the tracks remastered with lyrics performed by the band's new vocalist Päivi Capri Virkkunen.
 Tierra de Nadie (English: Nobody's land) is the fifth studio album by the Spanish heavy metal band Barón Rojo. It was released in 1987.
 Level II is the fourth album by R&B group Blackstreet released on March 11 2003. It was their first and only album released on the record label DreamWorks Records. The album's title was a reference to its members' best known line-up during their most successful album 1996's Another Level. Two of the members returned for the recording of Level II. Mark Middleton returned to the fold after he was replaced by Terrell Phillips on 1999's Finally to launch a gospel music career.
 Young Forever is the debut album from Scottish indie band Aberfeldy. It was recorded in mono using one microphone and produced by Jim Sutherland.
 Entropy (Hip Hop Reconstruction from the Ground up) is a B-side of 12 vinyl record that coupling of Asia Born and DJ Shadow and the Groove Rubbers. This was released 1993 from Solesides.
 Evans Blue is the third studio album from Canadian band Evans Blue. It is the first to feature new singer Dan Chandler and the last to feature drummer Howard Davis.
 Built For Blame Laced With Shame is the fourth EP by American rock band Get Scared released on August 28 2012 through Grey Area Records. The album was produced by Erik Ron. It is the only EP without lead vocalist Nick Matthews and the only album with Joel Faviere after Matthews departed in late 2011 but later rejoined the band in late 2012.
 Burning the Days is the fifth studio album from the band Vertical Horizon released on September 22 2009.
 ...To Be Loved: The Best of Papa Roach is the first compilation album by Californian rock band Papa Roach. It was released on June 29 2010. It was the band's final album with Geffen Records after the band left for Eleven Seven Music. The album omits one of the band's biggest singles Between Angels and Insects which was a top 20 hit in the UK.
 What It Takes To Move Forward is the debut LP by Fenton Michigan emo band Empire! Empire! (I Was a Lonely Estate) released in 2009 on Count Your Lucky Stars Records.
 Memoirs is an album by pianist Paul Bley bassist Charlie Haden and drummer Paul Motian recorded in 1990 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 Dancing Machine was the eleventh official overall album released by Motown quintet The Jackson 5 in 1974. The album's title track was a #2 pop hit and a #1 R&B hit in the United States and the album sold over 2.6 million copies worldwide briefly returning the group to their former prominence.
 The Christmas Angel: A Family Story is a 1998 Christmas album by the band Mannheim Steamroller their fifth Christmas album. The soundtrack accompanied by the narration of Chip Davis and Olivia Newton-John tells the story of a decorative angel that is stolen from the top of a Christmas tree by a villain called the Gargon. The toys under the tree will not become presents until the angel is found. With the toys' help a young mother defeats the Gargon and Christmas is saved.
 The Dillinger Escape Plan is an EP by American mathcore band The Dillinger Escape Plan originally released in 1997 and rereleased by Now or Never Records with three bonus tracks on June 13 2000.
 This Is Animal Music is the debut studio album by Look Mexico. The album which was released July 10 2007 has been noted by the band's record label as a mature step forward. The band has toured extensively throughout the US in support of the record. The album can easily be noted as a beginning for the band's commercial success as it has sparked attention among major music news sources and has even got the band featured in Alternative Press as a band to look for in 2007.
 Pain Killer was the fourth album from Northern Ireland based rock band Energy Orchard and was released in 1995.
 Ocularis Infernum is the second full length album by black metal band Blodsrit. It is the second album to feature death metal-type music. It is said by many fans to be the second most loved album.[citation needed]
 WOW Gospel 2001 is a gospel music compilation album in the WOW series. Released February 6 2001 it comprises thirty-two songs on a double disc set. The album reached 75 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2001 and hit number one in both 2001 and 2002 on the Top Gospel Albums chart.In 2002 the album was certified as platinum in the US by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 The World of Music Instructor is German group Music Instructor's first album released in 1996. Unlike their second album Electric City of Music Instructor most tracks on this album are in techno/happy hardcore style. Music Instructor worked on this album together with the musician and singer Holly Trance. The album features four singles - Hymn Hands In The Air Dream A Little Dream and Dance. The first single Hymn is a cover of Ultravox song of the same title.
 Four Dimensions (Chinese: 四度空間) is Taiwanese Mandopop quartet boyband Lollipop F's fourth studio Mandarin album. It was released on 6 November 2010 by Gold Typhoon (Taiwan). This album is the group's first release after changing their name from Lollipop to Lollipop F in October 2010 and the departure of two members.The title track 四度空間 (Four Dimensions) is listed at number 76 on Hit Fm Taiwan's Hit Fm Annual Top 100 Singles Chart (Hit-Fm年度百首單曲) for 2010.
 Perfect Dark is a science fiction video game franchise developed by Rare. The music of the Perfect Dark series primarily includes albums based on the soundtracks from the video games Perfect Dark and Perfect Dark Zero. The first soundtrack titled Perfect Dark: Dual CD Soundtrack was composed by Grant Kirkhope and published by Nintendo of America in 2000 while the second soundtrack Perfect Dark Zero Original Soundtrack was composed by David Clynick and produced by Nile Rodgers in 2005.
 The Story of the Clash Vol. 1 is a double-disc compilation album by the English punk rock band The Clash. It was released with 28 tracks on 29 February 1988 through Epic Records. The compilation presents a relatively thorough overview of their career (except Cut the Crap). An anticipated second volume was to have consisted of live recordings but remains unreleased. The original albums on vinyl were released with 4 different colored covers Red Blue Yellow and Green.
 Pig Destroyer / Coldworker / Antigama is a split EP by Pig Destroyer Coldworker and Antigama. The release is limited to 1000 copies pressed on red vinyl.
 Daljina is the third studio album of Serbian pop singer Vlado Georgiev released on June 6 2013.
 The Nihilist is the 2014 album by New Zealand artist Liam Finn.
 In The Valley On The Shores is a solo EP released by Jim Ward. It is the second time he released a solo EP and is the second out of the three EP's in his acoustic EP trilogy. It was released May 1 2009 by Ward's Civil Defense League record label. The EP also features Tegan Quin from the band Tegan and Sara who sings harmony on the second track Broken Songs. Only 500 copies of the physical CD were made. The CD's were all hand numbered.
 LaLa (Chinese: 徐佳瑩; pinyin: Xú JiāYíng; literally LaLa) is Taiwanese Mandopop artiste Lala Hsu's (Chinese: 徐佳瑩) first self-titled debut Mandarin solo studio album. It was released by Asiamuse on 29 May 2009. The album features 11 self-composed tracks. The album was the bestseller in 2009.[citation needed]With this album Lala Hsu won Best New Artist at the 21st Golden Melody Awards.
 Inhumane Amusement is the debut album by Dutch Aggrotech band Grendel. It was released in Europe through NoiTekk Records on March 1 2001.
 African Tapestries is a series of music albums by Zambian born Canadian composer Hennie Bekker. There are currently five albums in the series namely Temba The Smoke That Thunders Kusasa Jabula and Amani. Temba is the first album in the series and was originally released in 1995 and distributed by Canadian independent record distributor Holborne Distributing Co. Amani is the most recent release in the series.
 Christmas Like This is the first Christmas album by Christian singer Ayiesha Woods. It was released on November 10 2009.
 Formulas Fatal to the Flesh is the fifth full-length studio album by death metal band Morbid Angel. The title of this album is a biblical reference: it contains the letter F - the 6th letter of the alphabet - capitalized three times which refers to the Number of the Beast 666.[citation needed] The Satanic themed lyrics of previous albums had been replaced with lyrics about the Ancient Ones which would become the primary source of Morbid Angel's lyrical content from this point on.
 Tomorrow's Sounds Today is the twelfth album by country music artist Dwight Yoakam. It rose to No. 7 on the Billboard Country Albums chart. There were two charting singles among its tracks: What Do You Know About Love at No. 26 and I Want You to Want Me (a cover of the Cheap Trick song) at No. 49 on the Hot Country Songs chart. Also included are two duets with Buck Owens who was a big influence on Yoakam's musical style.
 All Systems Are Go was The Archers’ final return to Light Records. The album scored a hit with “Heaven in Your Eyes” a duet with Tim and Janice. The album also landed The Archers their first TV show of the same name on the Trinity Broadcasting Network. The “All Systems Are Go” Tour would be their final tour with a Live Band.
 Let It Be is the third studio album by American rock band The Replacements released on October 2 1984 by Twin/Tone Records. It is a post-punk album with coming-of-age themes.
 Burn is a debut album from Sons Of Kemet released on 9 September 2013. This album and their running series of critically acclaimed performances lead to them winning the 'Best Jazz Act' in the 2013 MOBO Awards.Producers such as Micachu Vince Vella and Alex Patchwork have remixed various songs from the Burn album.[citation needed]
 8 was released in 2005 and is an album from Swedish dansband Arvingarna.
 A Scarcity of Miracles is an album by Jakszyk Fripp and Collins.
 Encore! is the third album by German countertenor Klaus Nomi released posthumously in 1983. It is partly a compilation of previous works with some new work added.Nomi died of complications from AIDS earlier that year. The disease was poorly understood at that time.
 Sweet Silence is the sixth studio album by Berlin-based musician Barbara Morgenstern.
 At Club Baby Grand is a live album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded at Club Baby Grand in Wilmington Delaware in 1956 and originally released in two volumes on the Blue Note label.
 The Drift is a collaborative EP by producer-composer Arjun Singh and musician Michelle Chamuel. Released in January 2014 the EP is a collection of six original songs and was in the works for about a year. The fifth track Drift features vocals by hip hop artist Isaac Castor in a duet with Chamuel. The second track Not Now had been released as a single in November 2013. A review was positive and complimentary to Chamuel's lyrics and vocals and to Singh as a musician.
 The European version of Planet Tedward is a compilation album by Irish pop duo Jedward. The album was released on 15 July 2011 and is a compilation of tracks from the duo's first two albums Planet Jedward and Victory.
 Cover Up is an album of cover versions by Ministry and Co-Conspirators released on April 1 2008. The album includes previously released covers Roadhouse Blues Lay Lady Lay and Supernaut. Cover Up was intended to be Ministry's final release before their three year break up from 2008 to 2011.On December 3 2008 Under My Thumb was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category of Best Metal Performance in 2009. It lost to My Apocalypse by Metallica.
 Monsters of Folk is the self-titled first studio album by American indie rock band Monsters of Folk a group that consists of the artists Jim James Conor Oberst M. Ward and Mike Mogis. Originally slated for release in 2010 the album was released through Shangri-La Music and Rough Trade on September 22 2009. Dear God (sincerely M.O.F.) samples Trevor Dandy's 1970 gospel song Is There Any Love.
 Narrgnistor 2 En halv böj blues och andra ballader rätten till ett eget liv (English: Foolishnesses 2 A halv-bend blues and other ballads) is a music album recorded by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk in 1978.
 L is the second album by Godley & Creme. It was released in 1978. Its 34-minute running time was a stark contrast with that of the ill-received triple concept album Consequences. The album wasn't entirely well received however.The songs contained much variation and artistry dissonances complex time signatures and melodies clever poetical lyrics and some wonderful echoes from Frank Zappa's Over-Nite Sensation.
 Hünengrab im Herbst is the first studio album by German black metal band Nagelfar. It was recorded in Andy Classen's Stage-One-Studio in September 1997 and was released via Kettenhund Records in December 1997.
 Crashing the Ether is the seventh album by Tommy Keene. Recorded at his home studio Keene played most of the instruments himself; among others John Richardson played drums and Gin Blossoms guitarist Jesse Valenzuela chipped in with some back-up vocals.
 Beautiful Vision is the thirteenth studio album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison. It was released February 1982 (see 1982 in music) by Warner Bros. Records in the US and Mercury Records in the UK. As with many of Morrison's recordings spirituality is a major theme and some of the songs are based on the teachings of Alice Bailey.
 Fabrizio De André is an album released by Italian singer-songwriter Fabrizio De André released in 1981. The songs were written by Fabrizio De André and Massimo Bubola. It is better known as L'Indiano (The Indian) due to the picture of a Native American on the cover. The picture is a Frederic Remington's painting named The Outlier.
 Paradigm in Entropy is the debut album by the California based metal music group Bleed the Sky. The album was released on April 19 2005 through Nuclear Blast Records.
 Nueva Era is the 13th album by the Mexican pop singer Yuri. It was released on October 19 1993. It sold more than 250000 copies in Mexico earning it double Gold status. It sold an additional 200000 copies in the United States earning Gold status there as well.[citation needed] ERES magazine listed it among its top ten albums of 1993.[citation needed]
 They're Only Chasing Safety is the fourth album by American metalcore band Underoath. The album was released on June 15 2004 through Solid State Records.
 Oro: Grandes Éxitos is a greatest hits compilation album by ABBA first released by Polydor in the United States in 1992 in which the songs are sung in Spanish. This album is the Spanish equivalent of their Gold: Greatest Hits album originally released as Gracias Por La Música in early 1980.
 Coke Machine Glow was the first solo album released by Gordon Downie the singer for The Tragically Hip. It was released in 2001.Early copies of the album were released as a joint package with a book by Downie also titled Coke Machine Glow. The book included the song lyrics from the album and other poetry.
 The Vice and Virtue Ministry is the second album by The Happy Bullets. The album's name is a direct reference to the Vice and Virtue Ministry a division of the Taliban.
 Diana is a 1980 album by American R&B and soul singer Diana Ross released by Motown. Her 11th studio album was and remains the biggest-selling studio collection of Ross' career. All songs are composed played and produced by Chic members Nile Rodgers and Bernard Edwards
 Your Vision Was Never Mine to Share is the third and last full-length studio album by Misery Loves Co..
 Avant Pop is the fourth album by Lester Bowie recorded for ECM and the second album by his Brass Fantasy group. It was released in 1986 and features performances by Bowie Vincent Chancey Frank Lacy Rasul Siddik Steve Turre Malachi Thompson Stanton Davis Bob Stewart and Phillip Wilson.
 Geffery Morgan is the fifth album by UB40. Released in October 1984 it takes its title from a piece of chalk graffiti on a wall: Geffery Morgan...loves white girls. Following the huge success of their covers album Labour of Love all tracks on this album are self-penned. The album contained the hit If It Happens Again which reached #9 in the UK charts.
 Live At Thee Ritz is a 12 vinyl live album by Psychic TV of their first British performance.Edited By Compiled By - Simon WoodgateMastered By - Fred GiannelliPerformer - Genesis P-Orridge John Gosling Paula P-OrridgeProducer Lyrics By - Genesis P-Orridge
 A Ballads is a ballad compilation album by Ayumi Hamasaki released on March 12 2003. The initial pressings of the album had four different covers. As of 2007 A Ballads surpassed the million mark with 1041000 copies sold.
 Demon in Disguise is an album by David Bromberg. His second album it was released by Columbia Records in 1972. It was released as a CD by Wounded Bird Records in 2005.Demon in Disguise contains some songs that were recorded in the studio and some that were recorded live. The musicians on the songs Sharon and Demon in Disguise include five members of the Grateful Dead — Jerry Garcia Phil Lesh Bill Kreutzmann Keith Godchaux and Donna Jean Godchaux.
 Heated is a 1998 album by Canadian rock band Big Sugar released on the A&M Records label. It was released in the United States in 1999 on Capricorn Records with an alternate album cover. The US release also includes the track Diggin' a Hole from Hemi-Vision which was not released in the US. The album was certified Platinum in Canada selling over 100000 copies.The album features a cover of Bachman–Turner Overdrive's Let it Ride.
 Partners in Crime is an album by Rupert Holmes includes the hits Him and Escape (The Piña Colada Song) the latter of which was the Billboard #1 hit of December 1979 and January 1980; it was the only single to hold the #1 position in both years and in different decades. The album itself reached #33 on the Billboard Album Charts. Also although Escape (The Piña Colada Song) was released as a single on Infinity Records Him was released on MCA Records.
 State of Affairs is a five-way split album released in 2004. It was put out as a joint release by two Australian independent labels Pee Records and Commonbond Records.The release features the bands: Miles Away Tracks The Amity Affliction Perish the Thought Hi End Audio and Away from Now.
 F.I.D. is a double album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow the title stands for Fur Is Dead although this isn't printed anywhere on the actual album.According to the inlay £1 from each unit sold of this album is donated to PETA. Seitaka and Kongara are the names of the two attendants of Fudō-myōō a personification of Dainichi Buddha.
 Pro-Death Ravers is the second album by the Danish band Psychopomps. It was originally released in 1993 and differs greatly from their previous release. This album has a greater focus on guitars and less focus on synthesizers.
 Tone (stylized as TONE) is the fifth Japanese studio album (tenth overall) by South Korean pop group Tohoshinki released on September 28 2011 by Avex Trax. Tone is Tohoshinki's first Japanese album since becoming a two-piece band with members Yunho and Changmin.The album debuted at number one on the Oricon Albums Chart selling 205000 copies on its first week of release in Japan.
 Not Quite Me is the second album by American singer/songwriter Tess Wiley released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).
 Lovely Thunder is an album composed and performed by Harold Budd. The vinyl release did not include Valse Pour le Fin du Temps.
 Decade – Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by Duran Duran released on 15 November 1989 (see 1989 in music).The remix single Burning the Ground was released to radio to promote this album; it was created by producer John Jones mixing snippets of the band's biggest hits from the previous decade into a new piece of music.
 Sweetheart 2014 is a compilation album featuring various artists released on February 4 2014 by Starbucks' Hear Music/Concord Music Group. The compilation is the fifth in a series of Valentine's Day-themed compilations. Sweetheart 2014 will only be available in a physical form at Starbucks locations and will be available electronically via various outlets.
 Carnival of Excess: Limited Edition is a limited edition reissue of the album Carnival of Excess recorded by notorious punk rock musician GG Allin with one-time studio group The Criminal Quartet. This release which contains previously unreleased mixes of the songs from the original album (with one exception Outskirts of Life which used the mix from the original 1996 release) was issued in limited editions of 100 white vinyl albums and 1200 compact discs.
 The Word is Live is a live box set by progressive rock band Yes and was released in 2005 through Rhino Records.Considered the live companion to 2002's studio In a Word: Yes (1969 - ) box set The Word is Live serves to document the band's live story from early BBC recordings in 1970 with Peter Banks to 1988 shows for Big Generator. All but the first two tracks were previously unreleased.Many of the tracks were originally broadcast on radio shows and have been bootlegged extensively.
 Imaginary Force is the second solo album by Greek keyboardist and guitarist Bob Katsionis. It was released June 6 2004 under the label Lion Music. Katsionis is currently in the band Firewind.
 Zai Shijie Zhongxin (Chinese: 在世界中心) is the second album by Singaporean singer Kelly Poon and her first to be released in Taiwan. It was released on September 28 2007.
 Circles In A Square Society is the sixth album by the jazz/world music trio Boi Akih released in 2012.After extensive listening sessions with classic rock records and lengthy discussions about songs with a timeless quality Brouer and Akihary decided to incorporate some of their favorite selections into an album that includes a musical commentary on the era from which the songs came.
 Untitled (Selections From 12) is a 1997 promotional-only EP from German band The Notwist which was released exclusively in the United States. Though the release of the EP was primarily to promote the band's then-current album 12 it contains one track from their 1992 second record Nook as well as the non-album cover of Robert Palmer's Johnny and Mary. The version of Torture Day on this EP features the vocals of Cindy Dall.
 Disgorge Mexico is the eighth album by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts. It is their second album on Relapse Records from a three album contract with the label. The instruments were recorded from the 6th to the 17th of August 2007 at Liverpool Court Studios in Ottawa Ontario Canada. The vocals were recorded in November 2007 at Fuck the Facts own home studio (The Tower of Self Medication Studio).
 Bestial is a 1982 music album by the Spanish group Barrabás. It was the band's eighth and penultimate album and the last to feature several members including long-time vocalist José Luís Tejada.
 Live Sky is a live concert album by American rock band Crack the Sky released on LP in 1978 (see 1978 in music) by Lifesong Records (catalog #JZ 35620). In 1988 four of these recordings were appended to the CD release of Live on WBAB (Maybe I Can Fool Everybody (Tonight) Lighten Up McGraw She's a Dancer I Am the Walrus). In 2006 six of these recordings (remixed and remastered) were included on Alive and Kickin' Ass a live CD compiled from the same 1978 shows as Live Sky.
 La Dulzura is the fifth studio album by Puerto Rican Reggae band Cultura Profética released in 2010. The title of the album literally means The Sweetness in Spanish.
 Come is 1's only album. The band had been signed by Paul Kantner to Grunt Records. Pat Ieraci was assigned to help produce the album and encountered the lead singer named Reality D. Blipcrotch demanding such things as a marijuana leaf popping out of the record and the record self-destructing at the end of side B.The keyboardist of the band Roger Crissinger had previously played with Pearls Before Swine.
 Viva Cuca is the fifth disc Cuca and first recorded completely live after an absence of 10 years this record features the best songs of La Cuca. Cuca gave surprise recorded live at La Concha acoustic park Agua Azul Park of Guadalajara Jalisco May 14 15 2004.
 Death Will Reign is the fifth studio album by the American deathcore band Impending Doom. The album was released on November 5 2013 and reached No.&nbsp116 on the US Billboard 200 No. 6 on Christian AlbumsNo. 9 on Hard Rock Albums No. 18 on Independent Albums andNo. 26 on Top Rock Albums charts.
 Donovan's Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in the United States in January 1969 (Epic Records BXN 26439 (stereo)) and in the United Kingdom in March 1969 (Pye Records NPL 18283 (monaural) / NSPL 18283 (stereo)). Donovan's Greatest Hits was a major seller reaching #4 in the US. On March 30 1999 Epic/Legacy Records released an expanded version of Donovan's Greatest Hits (Epic/Legacy 65730).
 A Lighter Shade of Brown is the self-titled fourth studio album by A Lighter Shade of Brown. It was released on November 18 1997 for Thump Records and was produced by Captain Rapp James Carter Chris Charles and Ali Malik. This was the first album by the group to not make it to the Billboard charts.
 Damnation Alley is a 1982 album by female-fronted heavy metal band Bitch and was released on the Metal Blade Records label. The EP-length release has the distinction of being the first album by a single artist and the second album of any kind released on Metal Blade Records (the first was the 1982 compilation album Metal Massacre).
 Lena Like Latin (aka Lena Goes Latin) is a 1963 studio album by Lena Horne arranged by Shorty Rogers and Marty Paich. Recorded in Hollywood in July 1963 and released in the summer of 1963 on the Chater label. The album was reissued on CD in 2008 by Fresh Sound Records together with the album Lena Horne Sings Your Requests. The CD issue featured a bonus track He Loves Me that was previously only issued on 45rpm single.
 The Female Boss is the debut studio album by British singer and former N-Dubz member Tulisa Contostavlos. It was released on 3 December 2012 via All Around the World and Island Records. The album's artwork was revealed on 6 October 2012 via Contostavlos's official Facebook page. The Female Boss originally was to be released on 26 November but was pushed back by one week.
 Microscopic View of a Telescopic Realm is an album by Tourniquet. It was released on Metal Blade Records in 2000. The album marks the return to the band's neo-classical technical thrash style.
 Smash Mouth is the self-titled third studio album by rock band Smash Mouth released in late 2001. It was notable in that it was their first album with new drummer Michael Urbano and its release was delayed a few months due to the death of lead vocalist Steve Harwell's son Presley Scott Harwell.Smash Mouth held a contest on their website in the fall of 2000 to name their third album. The result was a two-way tie with the winning suggestion being to self-title the album.
 Two Bit Monsters was singer-songwriter John Hiatt's fourth album released in 1980. It was his second of two albums with MCA Records. It failed to chart and MCA dropped Hiatt. It Hasn't Happened Yet would later be a minor country hit for Rosanne Cash off her album Somewhere in the Stars. Cash also covered Pink Bedroom on her next release Rhythm & Romance.
 Simon & Garfunkel's Old Friends: Live On Stage is a live documentary from their highly successful Old Friends reunion concert tour of 2003 with The Everly Brothers as special guests.
 Unchained Spirit is the sixth studio album by dancehall/reggae artist Buju Banton released in 2000. It was his first and only album to be released on the ANTI- record label an imprint of Epitaph Records which was more commonly known for underground and avant-garde Rock music but was trying to branch out into the Reggae genre especially on the strength of their release of music by the Ska band known as The Slackers.
 It's Never Been Like That is the third studio album by French alternative rock band Phoenix. It was released 15 May 2006 in the European Union.
 The Very Best of Enya is a greatest hits album from Irish musician Enya. The album was announced by Enya on her official site on 26 August 2009 and released on 23 November 2009. According to the website it includes Enya's favorite songs as chosen by her Nicky and Roma Ryan. Two versions of the album were released: a standard single-disc edition containing only the audio tracks and a two-disc deluxe edition featuring a DVD collecting a number of her music videos.
 Spring mot Ulla spring! Cornelis sjunger Bellman (English: Run to Ulla run! Cornelis sings Bellman) is a studio album by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk. The album contains an unconventional presentation of Carl Michael Bellman songs and was a commercial success for Vreeswijk.
 Diane Schuur: Live in London is a 2006 live album by Diane Schuur.
 Them Again is the second album by the Northern Irish band Them whose lead singer and songwriter was Van Morrison. The album was released by Decca Records in the UK on 21 January 1966 but it failed to chart. In the U.S. it was released in April 1966 where it peaked at #138 on the Billboard charts.
 Angelis is the debut album from British classical singing group Angelis released in the United Kingdom on the 6 November 2006. It reached number 2 in the official British music chart and sold over 350000 copies and received platinum status. The group members received a platinum disc on GMTV.
 Feel the Blade is a 2008 album by thrash metal/death metal band Legion of the Damned. It is actually a re-release of Elegy for the Weak originally released under the name of Occult the prior incarnation of Legion of the Damned under singer Rachel Heyzer and contains an altered tracklist. Lyrical topics on the album include horror motifs the devastation of nuclear war and violent occult themes.
 34 Hours is a 1971 album by Irish blues-rock band Skid Row. It was the band's second album and takes its title from the fact that it was recorded in 34 hours.
 Heart Beat (Chinese: 心·跳; pinyin: xīn tìao) is the 13th album of American Taiwanese R&B artist and composer Leehom Wang. The album was released on December 26 2008. According Taiwan's G-Music chart the album is the sixth best selling album in Taiwan in 2009.
 In Full Regalia is the fifth and final studio album by Swedish band The Ark. It has been released in a new unique format: it has been released as a magazine with 100 pages containing a history of the band's 20 year career as well as the actual album. In its first week it reached #2 in the Swedish music charts and was certified Gold in Sweden.The lead single Superstar was released on March 29 2010. The second single was announced to be Stay With Me and was released digitally on June 7.
 Shades is a 2002 album released by Canadian singer-songwriter Dayna Manning. It followed her debut release Volume 1 and was released on EMI Music Canada. The song Miracle from the album was released as a single and video and was included on the December 2002 compilation Women & Songs 6 which reached #7 on the Top Canadian Albums chart.
 Looking in the Shadows released in 1996 was the fourth studio album by The Raincoats.
 Already is the fourth album by the British rock band Jesus Jones in 1997. It was the last EMI album. Singles released were The Next Big Thing and Chemical #1.EMI re-issued on the album on 1 March 2003.The album followed a working hiatus by the band following the relative failure of 1993's Perverse compared to their international breakthrough album Doubt (1991).
 Fearless is Canadian country music singer Terri Clark's fourth studio album. It was released in 2000 on Mercury Nashville. The album produced three singles in A Little Gasoline No Fear and Getting There which respectively reached #13 #27 and #41 on the Billboard country charts. A fourth single Empty failed to chart. Clark produced the album with Steuart Smith except for No Fear and A Little Gasoline which the two produced with Keith Stegall.
 David Garrett is a 2009 self-titled album by violinist David Garrett released by Decca in the United States. It borrows all of its tracks from his earlier albums published in Europe particularly Encore:
 One Good Night Deserves Another is the title of the 4th studio album by American country music artist Steve Wariner. It was released in 1985 by MCA Nashville. The album produced three singles What I Didn't Do Heart Trouble and Some Fools Never Learn which respectively reached #3 #8 and #1 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart. Some Fools Never Learn was number one for one week and spent a total of twenty-two weeks on the chart.
 The Source Hip Hop Music Awards 2001 is a music compilation album contributed by The Source magazine. Released August 14 2001 and distributed by Def Jam Recordings Hip Hop Music Awards 2001 is the third (and final to date) annual album produced by the magazine to focus on its nominees of the now-defunct award show. It features nineteen hip hop and rap hits (two of them being bonus tracks).
 Love Is is the fourth album by R&B-pop artist and American Idol winner Ruben Studdard that was released on May 19 2009. The album debuted and peaked at number 36 in the Billboard 200 with 15000 copies sold in its first week of release. It featured production from Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis and Stargate. The first single Together was released on March 26 2009. It exists a leaked demo - version of the song which has caused a lot of debate.
 Latin Alliance is the self-titled first and only album by the group of the same name. The album was released in 1991 by Virgin Records and featured Latin rappers such as Kid Frost A.L.T. A Lighter Shade of Brown and Mellow Man Ace.
 Nana Mizuki Live Rainbow at Budokan is the 3rd live DVD release from J-pop star and voice actress Nana Mizuki. It has two discs Rainbow Disc and Document Disc.
 The Good Times is the debut studio album by hip hop artist Afroman. It was released after his record deal with Universal Records and is composed of material taken from his previous independent releases. It contains his two hit singles: Because I Got High and Crazy Rap along with his other popular songs from his two albums. Most of the songs on the album are about growing up in the ghetto of Palmdale. The album was certified gold in the United States on October 24th 2001 by the RIAA.
 Legacy: The Absolute Best is a two-disc compilation album by The Doors released in 2003. This compilation includes the uncensored versions of both Break on Through (To the Other Side) (the lyrics she gets high are restored) and The End (with Morrison's liberal use of the word fuck during the song's interlude).
 IZA (released as Independence by IZA in the US) is an album recorded by Izabella Scorupco.
 Greatest Hits is a greatest hits compilation by British band Culture Club with androgynous frontman Boy George. It was released in the US and Canada on June 21 2005.The album includes their best known hits starting with their debut album Kissing to Be Clever and finishing with their most recent album Don't Mind If I Do. Because their final album was not released in America this compilation was the only US release which featured the UK singles Your Kisses Are Charity and Cold Shoulder.
 GONN with the Wind – also known as With the Wind – is the 30th-year reunion album by GONN. The CD includes three bonus tracks including a live recording of their 1990 concert on the riverfront in Keokuk Iowa. The final track on the CD is the original recording of Pretty Girl by Urban Discipline a band that includes the son of drummer Dave Johnson.
 Gusła (Polish for Witchcraft) is the debut concept album of the Polish band Lao Che released in January 2002. The theme of the album is ancient Slavic culture and Slavic mythology.
 Videodrom is the sixth album by the German Metalcore band Callejon.The Album entered the German Media Control Charts at No. 31.
 Ear Candy for the Headphone Trippers was Days Away's first release after they left Fueled By Ramen. It was released on October 10 2007 with two bonus videos God and Mars (Acoustic) and 	I'm Sorry I Told You All My Problems.
 Real People / Wild East is a music album by Apache Indian released on Tuesday 1 September 1998.
 Shiny Happy Jihad is an album by American comedian Joe Rogan released on April 10 2007 by Comedy Central Records.
 The Black Parade is the third studio album by My Chemical Romance. Released on October 24 2006 through Reprise Records it was produced by Rob Cavallo known for having produced multiple albums for Goo Goo Dolls and Green Day. It is a rock opera centering on a dying character with cancer known as The Patient.
 Kumbia Kings Live is a live concert DVD by A.B. Quintanilla Y Los Kumbia Kings. It was released on April 4 2006. The concert took place in Monterrey Nuevo León Mexico.
 Ëmëhntëhtt-Ré is the tenth studio album by the French progressive rock group Magma. It was released on November 5 2009.
 Marinella gia panta (Greek: Μαρινέλλα για πάντα; English: Marinella forever) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. It was released on June 30 1975 by PolyGram Records in Greece. This album was issued in mono and stereo. The stereo version of this album was released on CD with a new cover and six bonus tracks in July 1996 by PolyGram.
 The Wonder Years is the fourth studio album by producer 9th Wonder. It was released on September 27 2011 through his own label It's A Wonderful World Music Group. The album was entirely produced by 9th Wonder himself.
 Essential Selection Presents Music From The Motion Picture Human Traffic is a soundtrack album to the British independent film Human Traffic both released in 1999. It includes music by some of the most famous contemporary dance music producers. The second CD is mixed by renowned English DJ Pete Tong.
 Gravelord is an EP by Toxic Holocaust.
 Live in the Classic City is the third live album released by the Athens GA based band Widespread Panic. The album was recorded over an April 2000 three-night run in their hometown of Athens. It was released in June 2002 and features a mix of originals and cover songs studded with guest performances from other star performers including Derek Trucks Bruce Hampton and former R.E.M.
 The Romantics is the debut album by American rock band The Romantics released in 1980 on Nemperor Records. It includes the Billboard Hot 100 hit What I Like About You.
 The Long Ride is an album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott released in 1999.Guests include Dave Van Ronk Tom Russell and Maria Muldaur.
 Miss Black America is an album by Alec Empire.
 Piano Vibrations though promoted in its re-release as the first studio album by English progressive rock keyboardist Rick Wakeman is not considered a Wakeman album even by himself. His contributions were limited to performing as a session musician and did not compose any of the tracks. The album was released in 1971 on Polydor after Wakeman had signed on to A&M Records. The album developed from Wakeman's time as a session musician.
 Sing It High: A Collection Of Singles is the only compilation album from artist Neal Morse. This album consists mainly of pop songs and ballads and was released in 2007.
 Blank Blackout Vacant is an LP by Poison Idea released in 1992 by Taang! Records.
 When Broken Is Easily Fixed is the debut full-length studio album by Canadian rock band Silverstein released in 2003 under the label Victory Records. Other than the standard release Victory issued a limited run of 500 unnumbered blue colored vinyl/black and gold artwork editions of the album the year it was initially released.
 Kapitulation (German for Capitulation or Surrender) is the eighth studio album by the German indie rock group Tocotronic.
 Sex and Gasoline is the thirteenth studio album of Rodney Crowell.
 Texas in My Soul is the seventh studio album by country singer Willie Nelson. It was an early concept album that aimed to pay tribute to the State of Texas. The original album artwork features the Alamo along with three San Antonio construction projects completed in 1968: the Tower of the Americas HemisFair Arena and the HemisFair monorail system. All of these projects for HemisFair '68 were constructed by a joint venture of two general contractors: Gerald Lyda's Darragh & Lyda Inc.
 Screenplaying is a compilation album by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler released on 9 November 1993 by Vertigo Records internationally and Warner Bros. Records in the United States. The album contains previously released tracks from Knopfler's soundtrack albums Cal (1984) Last Exit to Brooklyn (1989) The Princess Bride (1987) and Local Hero (1983).
 Collection: 1973–2012 is a compilation album by Bruce Springsteen released on Columbia in 2013 containing 18 tracks spanning forty years of Springsteen's musical career. 14 of the songs on the album are credited to Springsteen as a solo act and 4 (namely Rosalita (Come Out Tonight) Hungry Heart Born in the U.S.A. and Dancing in the Dark) are credited to the formation Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band.
 Even Worse is the fifth studio album by Weird Al Yankovic released in 1988. The album was the fifth produced by former The McCoys guitarist Rick Derringer. Recorded between November 1987 and February 1988 this album helped to revitalize Yankovic's career after the critical and commercial disappointment of his previous album Polka Party! (1986).The music on Even Worse is built around parodies and pastiches of pop and rock music of the mid-1980s.
 The Call is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1971 and released on the JAPO label. The album was the first release on the short-lived European jazz label.
 The Singles is a six themed EP by Mike Oldfield. It was only released as a 12 vinyl in Japan in 1981.
 25Live is a DVD (also released on Blu-ray) legacy concert film marking 25 years of Morrissey's solo career.
 Phoenix is the sixth album by American singer/songwriter Dan Fogelberg released in 1979 (see 1979 in music).
 Precious: Soundtrack was released first as a digital download prior to the release of the film of the same name on November 3 2009. Nearly three weeks later it was released to stores on November 23. The soundtrack consists of various artists (Labelle Donna Allen Jean Carn Sunny Gale and MFSB); with some artists having recorded songs that were covers and other songs that were recorded specifically for the album.
 Kapital (Capital) is a 1992 album by Laibach. It includes tracks such as Wirtschaft ist tot (Economy is Dead). Unusually the LP CD and cassette releases each contain different versions of every song. Track Steel Trust by Laibach sub-group Germania appears only on LP and cassette.
 We Rock Hard was the first major-label album by the band Freestylers and their most commercially successful release to date.
 Magic Line is the second studio album by New Zealand Pop rock band Stellar* released by Sony BMG on 21 October 2001 in New Zealand. When the album was released it hit the #1 position on New Zealands RIANZ albums charts in its first week. However unlike its predecessor Mix on the charts it would quickly fall down staying within the top 10 for only two more weeks.The album features a re-arranged version of the band's song Sorry which appeared on their 1999 single Part of Me as a B-side.
 Annihilation of Civilization is the debut album from Evildead a thrash metal band originating from California United States. It was released on April 3 1989 on Steamhammer Records and was followed up by the EP Rise Above released some months later.
 Es Vive Ibiza 2006 is the first Es Vive-series compilation released on Fierce Angel a UK-based record label established by DJ Mark Doyle who set up also Hed Kandi in 1999. Similar to Doyle's releases issued on his initial label the CD compilations are mostly divided into genres with some crossover. Usually all releases contain 3 discs and the tracks are relevant to different times of day in the Ibiza hotel Es Vive: poolside evening afterhours.
 New Hope for the Wretched is the debut album by punk-metal band The Plasmatics fronted by Wendy O. Williams.Jimmy Miller former producer of The Rolling Stones was the initial producer for the album. He had a heroin addiction from the day he arrived in New York and he was virtually useless to the project nearly bringing the whole project down with him. Stiff Records fired Miller and the album was finished by engineer Ed Stasium and manager Rod Swenson over in England.
 Liquid is a collaborative EP by American rapper/producer Le1f and producer Boody released on November 19 2012.
 Deconstruction is the thirteenth studio album by Canadian musician Devin Townsend and the third of five albums in the Devin Townsend Project series. The album features two drummers Dirk Verbeuren and Ryan Van Poederooyen as well as a number of guest vocalists.According to an interview with Townsend the album is a concept album focused around a man who is obsessed with finding the true nature of reality. In the process of this journey he goes to Hell and meets the devil.
 Supernatural is a 1990 album by Stereo MCs. The album is their second release. The US release is subtitled American Mix and has a different track list.
 Everlasting Life is the major-label debut album of gospel/jazz singer Kim Burrell. The album won Burrell the 1999 Gospel Music Excellence award for Contemporary Female Vocalist of the Year as well as the 2000 Stellar Award for Contemporary Female Vocalist of the Year.
 Life On Planet Groove is a 1992 album by Maceo Parker.
 The Layla Sessions: 20th Anniversary Edition (or The Layla Sessions) released September 1990 is an anniversary edition reissue of the Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs album by Derek and the Dominos who disbanded in 1971. The album contains remixed material from its original album unused alternate/incomplete masters of the original songs and studio jamming all divided on three discs.
 Cause I Sez So is the fourth studio album (and second since the reunion) by the New York Dolls. It was released on May 5 2009 on Atco Records. The album was produced by Todd Rundgren who also produced their self-titled debut album. One of the songs Trash is a re-recording of a song that originally appeared on their debut album. The album peaked at #159 at the Billboard 200.
 Pumphouse is the seventh full-length studio album released under the name of the British heavy metal band Tokyo Blade. The album was actually recorded by the band Pumphouse which was the outfit founded in the early 90s by Alan Marsh Tokyo Blade original vocalist after his band Mr. Ice had folded.
 Always Be Happy But Stay Evil is the fourth studio album by Garage A Trois. It is the second CD with the musician line-up that includes Stanton Moore Skerik Mike Dillon and Marco Benevento. It was released April 2011.
 The Simon Sisters Sing The Lobster Quadrille And Other Songs For Children was The Simon Sisters' third album and their first for Columbia Records released in 1969. The album consists of musical settings of classic children's poetry and originally came packaged with a hard-cover illustrated book containing all the poems.The album was reissued in 1973 to capitalize on Carly Simon's success as a solo artist under the title The Simon Sisters Sing for Children.
 Wild Obsession is the first solo album from German guitar player Axel Rudi Pell after leaving German heavy metal band Steeler. It was released 1989 on Steamhammer Records.
 When the Sun Breaks Down on the Moon is the fourth solo studio album by Austin Texas singer-songwriter Bob Schneider released in a limited edition in winter 2007.While Schneider was on the road on his fall/winter US tour he looked through all the latest demos that he had been working on becoming more and more excited about this collection of songs which became When the Sun Breaks Down on the Moon....most of these songs are pretty new.
 The Fall of an Empire is the second album by Fairyland released on November 27 2006 by Napalm.
 Surrender to All Life Beyond Form is the second studio album by Dark Castle.The album was released in CD and vinyl form via Profound Lore Records. A 12 vinyl version was released through Brutal Panda Records limited to 500 copies.In support of this album Dark Castle embarked on a summer tour of North America alongside YOB.
 La Mistrine is an album by La Bottine Souriante released in 1994. It contains the popular song Martin de la Chasse-galerie which tells of a famous Quebec legend and is performed in cooperation with Michel Rivard.
 Hear My Voice is the second full length Japanese album (and last to date) of Taiwanese R&B artist and composer Leehom Wang (ワン・リーホン) and was released on July 28 2004 by Sony Music Japan International Inc. The album failed to be commercially successful peaking at No.132 on the Japanese Oricon Weekly Charts staying on the charts for just one week.
 Bloodred Tales-Chapter I – The Crimson Season is an EP by the German melodic death metal band Fragments of Unbecoming released by the band's own label in May 2002. The limited release edition is sold with an extra cardboard-box three postcards and the promotion flyer. The entire booklet and inlay are a 5-colour-print/iso-scale plus additional silver.
 Horses is the debut studio album by American musician Patti Smith released on December 13 1975 on Arista Records. The record was a key factor and major influence on the New York punk rock scene.
 Just Visiting is a full-length album by Australian progressive rock band Cog released on 16 August 2008. The album is a compilation rerelease of the 2002 EPs Just Visiting Part One and Just Visiting Part Two as a full album with the intended track listing and with the original long version of Bondi. Lucius Borich remastered the album at Studios 301.
 Jimmy Eat World is a five-track EP released by Jimmy Eat World on December 14 1998. The CD contains three unreleased songs that the band recorded themselves and two songs from Clarity.
 Le Vent Bohème Lennie Gallant's sixth album was released in 2002.
 The Good Youth is the third studio album by British rock music band Blitz Kids and was released on the 17 January 2014. It is the first full feature album through the new label Red Bull Records.
 To Force a Fate is the second album by indie rock band The Reputation their first for Lookout! Records. It was released in the spring of 2004.The song March is a song co-written by songwriter Elizabeth Elmore and John Davis of Q and Not U for an unrealized collaborative project called Cosmopolitan.This album is also unique to other Elmore projects in that the original songs were not written and sung by her alone.
 Time and a Word is the second album by progressive rock band Yes released in mid-1970 in the UK and November 1970 in the US. This was the last Yes album to feature the group's original line-up as Peter Banks was fired before the album's release.Time and a Word (Atlantic 2400 006) reached No. 45 in the UK. The North American release of the album (Atlantic SD 8273) did not chart.
 A Stimulus for Reason is the first full length album released by Alpha Galates. It was released on EMI records. It was produced by Matthew von Wagner mixed by Joe Barresi and Mastered by Bob Ludwig.
 Space City Kicks is the 15th full-length solo studio album released by singer-songwriter Robert Pollard since 1996. It was released on January 18 2011.Pollard has stated that for Space City Kicks he scrambled the titles of various classic rock songs in hopes that the new titles would provide inspiration...this particular experiment happened to work I think. The titles seem instantly familiar although not immediately traceable.”
 College is the third album released by Punjabi Bhangra artist Kulwinder Dhillon. This album was his most successful album and the song Kali Kite Mil and College.This album is still selling in the market.This album was his best super-hit album ever released and made him widely popular.
 This article describes the 19th album in the Canadian Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 19 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow! 19 is a music compilation album that was released on 7 February 2012. The album is the 19th edition of the Canadian Now! series.
 Siren is the fifth album by British rock band Roxy Music released in 1975 (see 1975 in music).The album was ranked number 371 on Rolling Stone magazine's 2003 list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
 Blow Your Trumpets Gabriel is the seventh EP by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth. It was released on December 4 2013 through bands record label New Aeon Musick. Blow Your Trumpets Gabriel was limited to 2000 copies available only through Behemoth Webstore & Nuclear Blast Store all copies were signed by the band. The EP features three tracks including title song and two non-album tracks If I Were Cain along with cover of Siekiera's Ludzie wschodu.
 Wait for Me. Remixes! is a remix album by American electronica musician Moby released on May 17 2010. It accompanies the release of Wait for Me and its companion Wait for Me: Ambient. The album contains reworked versions of the songs as well as remixes by Moby himself.It was announced on his official website on March 23 2010.
 Ellis in Wonderland is the debut album by jazz guitarist Herb Ellis accompanied by the Oscar Peterson trio trumpeter Harry Sweets Edison and saxophonists Charlie Mariano and Jimmy Giuffre.
 Walk a Mile in My Shoes: The Essential '70s Masters is a box set five-disc compilation of the recorded work of Elvis Presley during the decade of the 1970s released in 1995 RCA 66670-2. In its initial format as a long box issue it included a set of collectable stamps duplicating record jackets from every LP release on RCA Records corresponding to the selections here.
 Holding My Own is a 1992 album by country music singer George Strait. It was released by MCA Records and features the singles Gone as a Girl Can Get and So Much Like My Dad both of which charted in the Top 5 on the country charts. Trains Make Me Lonesome was previously recorded by the trio Schuyler Knobloch & Overstreet on their self-titled debut album and before that by Marty Haggard.
 Das schönste im Leben (The Most Beautiful in Life) is the fourth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers.
 Golden Bullets is a compilation video released by Bonfire in 2001 which contained most of the footage from the band's VHS release of The Best but had excluded from that production the sections entitled L.A. (Bonfire in Hollywood) and Bonfire Recording Session - Point Blank. Included in this DVD package is a live performance at Wacken 1998 Hans Ziller and Claus Lessmann giving an introduction to the videos from 1986 - 1993 and a new video for the song Under Blue Skies.
 Over 60 Minutes with... Zappacosta is a compilation album containing most of the tracks from Zappacosta's first two albums Zappacosta and A-Z. In fact only four songs are omitted two from the first album and two from the second.
 Plague Park is Handsome Furs' first full-length album. Handsome Furs is Dan Boeckner (Wolf Parade Atlas Strategic) and his wife Alexei Perry.The record is named after the park Ruttopuisto situated in Helsinki Finland. Commonly referred to as Plague Park the park grounds sit atop a mass grave that contains the victims of the 1710 plague.
 Blood Sweat & Tears is the second album by the band Blood Sweat & Tears released in 1968. It was a huge commercial success rising to the top of the U.S. charts for a collective seven weeks and yielding three successive Top 5 singles. It received a Grammy Award for Album of the Year in 1970 and has been certified quadruple platinum by the RIAA with sales of more than four million units in the U.S. In Canada it enjoyed four runs and altogether eight weeks at No.
 May Day is Matthew Ryan's debut album. It was released in 1997 on A&M Records.
 '10' is the 9th studio album and 10th overall release by the Rock band Enuff Z'Nuff. By fans it is sometimes seen as the poppier counterpart to their harder sounding Paraphernalia record as both albums were recorded and released during a similar time frame. The album cover art for '10' is a direct reference to the band's debut album released a decade earlier. While the original U.S.
 Letim sanjam dišem (Flying Dreaming Breathing) is the sixth studio album by Serbian/Yugoslavian New wave band Električni orgazam. It was released in 1988 by PGP RTB.
 Eleftheria Arvanitaki Live is an international compilation album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki of live recordings that was released in 2003 under the EmArcy label through Verve Records. In addition to the songs on the previous album it includes two previously unreleased songs recorded at Vox music club in March 2003.
 Hesher is an EP and the first release by Canadian rock band Nickelback.All songs were written and performed by Nickelback the first songs lead singer Chad Kroeger wrote for the band. It was recorded in Vancouver and released in March/April 1996. Supposedly the name came from a friend of the band who would frequently say Hey sure. After selling more than 10000 copies the band stopped production of the album and it is now a sought-after collector's item.
 Still Searching for Soul is the second album by Corey Feldman's Truth Movement.
 Dead Cities Red Seas & Lost Ghosts is the second studio album by the French electronic/dream pop group M83. The album was first released in Europe on April 14 2003 then in North America on July 27 2004 to positive reviews. The cover art is by Justine Kurland and is called Snow Angels.
 Heard It All Before was released by Jamie Cullum when he was without a record deal and copies are now highly sought after.
 Put My Dream on This Planet is the twenty-ninth album by Jandek and his only new release of 2000 (note that there were numerous reissues of the oldest material). The first of three consecutive a capella albums it is Corwood Industries #0767.
 Oh My God Charlie Darwin is the third studio album by American indie folk band The Low Anthem self-released in 2008 and re-released on June 29 2009 on Nonesuch Records and Bella Union.
 My Brother & Me is the first remix album by Atlanta-based rap duo Ying Yang Twins. The album was a successful hit reaching #11 in the U.S. and #68 on the UK Albums Chart. The album mainly consists of remixes of former hits by both Ying Yang Twins and other rappers.
 Frankie Welfare Boy Age Five is the debut full-length album by Braid in 1995 on Divot Records. The album features 26 tracks each one beginning with a different letter of the alphabet. The songs are short (peaking at just over four minutes but often as brief as one) sporadic and more abrasive than future Braid releases often slipping into hardcore and back again within the songs' compact run times.
 10 Años: Un Panteon Muy Vivo (Ten Years: A Very Alive Pantheon) (2006) is the fifth album by Mexican Ska Rock band Panteón Rococó.
 Join Us is the 15th studio album from the rock band They Might Be Giants released on July 19 2011. It is the first non-children's album from the band since The Else in 2007. Hot off the success of Here Comes Science the band wanted to return to their insane sound of the 1980s before recording began.
 Love Pain & the Whole Crazy Thing is the fifth studio album by Australian country singer Keith Urban. It is his fourth album release in the United States and his fifth for Capitol Nashville. The album was issued on 7 November 2006. It includes four singles: Once in a Lifetime Stupid Boy I Told You So and Everybody all of which were Top Ten hits on the Billboard country charts. The album has been certified 2× Platinum by the RIAA and platinum by the CRIA.
 Historic Concerts is a live album by Cecil Taylor and Max Roach recorded at the McMillin Theatre Columbia University NYC on December 15 1979 and released on the Soul Note label.
 Jewelry Box released July 2002 is the 25th album of Shizuka Kudo. The single Maple ja:Maple (工藤静香の曲) was released on 24 April 2002 and reached No.35 in the Japanese charts.
 Trogglodynamite is the second album by the English rock band The Troggs released in 1967. The album was re-released in 2003 with eight bonus tracks by Repertoire Records.
 Anywhere I Lay My Head is the debut studio album by American actress Scarlett Johansson released on May 16 2008 by Atco Records. Johansson recorded the album over five weeks in spring 2007 at Dockside Studios in Maurice Louisiana.
 Salutes the American Cowboy is the 18th album by country singer Moe Bandy released in 1982. It was entitled Songs of the American Cowboy on the UK issue WW 5118 from which the following track listing was taken.
 Sin and Bones is the fifth album and third album of all original material from the heavy metal band Fozzy. It was released on August 14 2012 through Century Media Records.
 1992—2002 is a double disc compilation album by Underworld released 3 November 2003 on JBO. This album was released in conjunction with the single Born Slippy .NUXX 2003.This compilation marked the first album appearances of Bigmouth Dirty and Spikee; all of which had previously only been available as singles.
 So Much Shouting So Much Laughter is the second live album by singer-songwriter Ani DiFranco released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).The opening track of the second disc Comes a Time is an excerpt from the famous speech by Mario Savio given before Free Speech Movement demonstrators entered Sproul Hall to begin their sit-in on December 3 1964. His climactic words about the operation of the machine have been quoted widely ever since out of context as the existential emblem of the FSM.
 The Southern Comfort is the fifth album by Emil Bulls released on June 20 2005. Singles from this album were Newborn then Revenge. It is their first release with Fabian Fuess playing the drums. DJ Zamzoe (Paul Rzyttka) is featured on the record but not as part of the band as he had previously left the band to pursue other projects.
 Home is Cantopop artist Miriam Yeung's (Chinese: 楊千嬅) seventh EP album. It was released by Capital Artists on 7 October 2010. The album includes five new songs two of which were featured in her movies: Love in a Puff (Chinese: 志明與春嬌) and Perfect Wedding (Chinese: 抱抱俏佳人). The album also included four music videos.
 Country Croonin' is an album by Canadian artist Anne Murray. It was released by Straightway Records on October 22 2002. The album peaked at number 13 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Dying Mapa III is an album by the Japanese noise band Merzbow then consisting of Masami Akita and Kiyoshi Mizutani. This is the third installment of the Dying Mapa trilogy inspired by the Nyingmapa school of Tibetan Buddhism.Musically the whole trilogy is made with different equipment and instruments than other recordings of the same period.
 Substatic is the fourth solo album by New Zealand composer Peter Jefferies released on September 29 1998 through Emperor Jones. One of his most musically ambitious and emotionally complex efforts it marks Jefferies' return to the completely instrumental format he had previously explored on his 1987 album At Swim 2 Birds.
 801 Live is the debut live album by 801 released in November 1976. In 1976 while Roxy Music had temporarily disbanded 801 got together as a temporary project and began rehearsing at Island Studios Hammersmith about three weeks before their first gig.801 performed three critically highly acclaimed concerts: in Norfolk at the Reading Festival and on 3 September at London's Queen Elizabeth Hall. This last concert was recorded and released as the album 801 Live.
 Score is the fourth album by Paul Haslinger which was released on January 26 1999 on RGB Records.
 From Nashville to You is the ninth studio album by American singer La Toya Jackson. The album which has also been released as My Country Collection and Little Misunderstood features country western music.
 Live in Zombietown is the only live album by the Serbian alternative rock band Supernaut recorded on September 7 1995 at the Belgrade BITEF theatre at the Zombietown movie premier. The album available on compact cassette only was released by the independent record label Urbana Zona Trotorock founded by the late underground painter Momir Grujić Fleka. This is the first release to feature bassist Saša Radić and the last to feature Miodrag Čeza Stojanović on rhythm machine.
 Controlled Folly is the debut album by Scott Cain winner of Australian Popstars 2002. It followed the success of the #1 hit single I'm Moving On but performed disappointingly on the charts peaking at #49 before sinking to #123perhaps due to the six-month delay between the releases. Three of the songs -- the two singles and I Can't Deny It (previously given to Rod Stewart) - were written by Gregg Alexander of the New Radicals.
 Wegonfunkwichamind is the second album by Houston rapper Big Mello.
 Think! is the third studio album by James Brown and The Famous Flames featuring the hit singles Baby You're Right and their cover of Bewildered along with the group's hit cover of the title track Think originally recorded by The 5 Royales. It also includes the national hits I'll Go Crazy  This Old Heart and Baby You're Right  the regional hit Good Good Lovin' and Brown's B-side hit duet with Bea Ford You've Got the Power.
 Classics: The Best of Sarah Brightman is a VHS of the PBS special of the same name that aired in 2002. A copy of the show was made available to the audience if they made a financial contribution to their local PBS station. The VHS is hosted and narrated by Laura Savini along with Sarah herself.
 Spheres 2 is an album by Canadian industrial/electronic music group Delerium in 1994.
 I'll Never Get Out of This World Alive is a 2011 Steve Earle album produced by T-Bone Burnett. All of the songs are written by Earle with the exception of the title track which was only included as part of the album download. Four of the songs were originally written for other projects. This City was originally written for the David Simon show Treme and appears on its soundtrack.
 Olé Olé is the third studio album by French-Algerian singer Rachid Taha. It was released by Mango Records in 1995. It was reissued in 1996 by Barclay Records with an alternate track listing.
 Grand Masta: The Remix & Rarity Collection is a 2006 compilation album by Masta Ace. The compilation features remixes of a number of Ace singles including Jeep Ass Niguh SlaughtaHouse Style Wars Saturday Nite Live Sittin' on Chrome and The I.N.C. Ride as well as a few rare B-Side tracks.
 Omar Rodriguez Lopez & Jeremy Michael Ward is a collaboration between Omar Rodríguez-López and the late Jeremy Michael Ward. It was recorded in May 2001 during the interim period following the demise of At the Drive-In and the formation of The Mars Volta and originally available only to friends and members of the band in minidisc format. Approximately 200 copies were originally produced. Ward died on May 25 2003 and the collaborative album was finally released publicly on June 10 2008.
 The Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song OST is the soundtrack to Melvin Van Peebles' 1971 film Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song. The score was written by Van Peebles himself and performed by the then-unknown group Earth Wind & Fire. The soundtrack to Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song was ranked number 32 on Mojo Magazine's MOJO 1000 - The Ultimate CD Buyers Guide in the category soundtracks.
 Conflicts & Confusion is the second album by Crime Boss. Released on April 8 1997 through Suave House and Relativity Records Conflicts & Confusion easily became Crime Boss' most successful album peaking at 25 on the Billboard 200. Production was handled by T-Mix and the production duo E-A-Ski and CMT. Please Stop was released as a single and had a music video shot for it but it failed to reach any Billboard charts.
 Unconditional is the only album by American country music artist Clay Davidson released in 2000 on Virgin Records Nashville. Its title track was a Top 5 hit on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts in 2000. I Can't Lie to Me and Sometimes were also released from this album both charting in the Top 30 on the same chart. Jude Cole and Scott Hendricks produced the album with additional production from Chris Farren on What Was I Thinking Of.
 All I Really Want for Christmas is the third Christmas album by Steven Curtis Chapman released on September 27 2005. The album includes traditional holiday favorites such as Go Tell It on the Mountain and Silver Bells as well as some of Chapman's own Christmas songs some of which have been featured on his previous Christmas albums.Chapman's adopted daughter Shaohannah is featured with her father on the album cover.
 Under Your Skin is Saliva's seventh studio album and the final album to feature singer Josey Scott who left the band in 2012. It was released on March 22 2011. Prior to release the album had been titled both Take That Society and Skin Deep.
 Mister Whiskers: My Favourite Nursery Rhymes is the 1998 re-release children's album of Franciscus Henri - My Favourite Nursery Rhymes (originally released in 1993) both under ABC Music's ABC For Kids label. It achieved Gold sales certification due to sales in excess of 35000 units in Australia.
 Flying High Together was a 1972 album by Smokey Robinson and the Miracles on Motown Records' Tamla label. It is noted as The Miracles' last studio album with original lead singer Smokey Robinson who retired from the act to concentrate on his duties as Vice President of The Motown Record Corporation.
 The Dwarves Must Die is the 2004 release by the American punk band Dwarves. It is the band's first release on the Sympathy for the Record Industry label. There are several cameos including Dexter Holland from The Offspring Nash Kato from Urge Overkill desert rock icon Nick Oliveri Josh Freese from The Vandals Spike Slawson from Me First and the Gimme Gimmes gangster rapper San Quinn DJ Marz and even the original Space Ghost himself Gary Owens.
 Intercept! is the fourth studio album from the electronica duo Bent. The track Leavin' Me contains a sample of Anne Murray's song Bidin' My Time from her album This Way Is My Way/Honey Wheat.
 Gods of Chaos is the fourth album by The Flying Luttenbachers released on November 17 1998 through Skin Graft Records.
 Grouplove is the debut EP by Grouplove.The EP was positively received with the BBC calling it a nugget of golden pleasure petite but perfectly proportioned. Drowned in Sound gave it a 7/10 rating describing it as a more than passable introduction to America's latest underground discoveries.
 Reincarnation is a William C. Woxlin album released in 2006. It was meant to be released on January 21 but was pushed forward to 29th. But after a press message William C. Woxlin said: Since I like my music to be perfect I had to make some new tracks and take away some old.On the question about the release date William answered: Maybe... tomorrow maybe next month or maybe this summerIt was later released in April.
 Velvetina is an album released in 2005 by the Spanish-Italian singer Miguel Bosé.The album was released in Spain as an audio CD and as a special edition for the Creative Zen which featured audio a video clip for each of the 13 songs and photography.The album is an example of Miguel Bosé's innovative style; with Velvetina he blended Latin pop music with trip hop and electronic dance.
 Myths of the Near Future Part Two is the third album by Mo Boma released in July 26 1995 through Extreme Records.
 Always and for Real is the debut album of New Zealand R&B group Adeaze released in 2004. The most successful single from the album is Getting Stronger featuring Aaradhna. Mariah Carey sampled their song A Life with You in her 2005 album The Emancipation of Mimi for the song Your Girl.
 Mike & Rich is an ambient-techno album by Mike Paradinas and Richard D. James. It was released in 1996 on Rephlex Records. The album is also known as Expert Knob Twiddlers.The album is an amalgam of the music stylings of Aphex Twin and µ-ziq complete with peculiar samples of jazz and of the human anatomy; Upright Kangaroo features a prominent sample of a belch as part of the beat.
 Fight Back was the second 7 EP from hardcore punk group Discharge. It was produced by Mike Stone and was released in 1980 catalogue number Clay 3.
 Let Go is the debut album by Franco-Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne released on 4 June 2002. For a year after signing a record deal with Arista Lavigne struggled due to conflicts in musical direction. Lavigne relocated to Los Angeles California and recorded there her earlier materials for the album the kind of sound to which the label was not amenable.
 Anthology: Through the Years is a double compilation album featuring the best of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers. It contains a new song Surrender written by Petty during the You're Gonna Get It! sessions but recorded in 2000 especially for this release. Surrender is also the last studio recording of Howie Epstein before his death.Anthology: Through the Years was released on October 31 2000 and would mark the lowest chart-positioning on the Billboard 200 for the band at #87.
 Music from Regions Beyond is the fourth full-length Tiger Army album released on June 5 2007. The album was produced by Jerry Finn. Unlike their previous albums it does not have a numeral in the title. The album title comes from a line spoken in the Disneyland ride The Haunted Mansion in the Seance room of the ride.
 Chulahoma: The Songs of Junior Kimbrough is an EP by American blues rock duo The Black Keys. Essentially a tribute album it is a collection of the band's cover versions of songs by Fat Possum Records bluesman Junior Kimbrough who died in 1998.
 Ob (Servant) is the fourth studio album by Australian technical death metal band Psycroptic. It was released on 26 September 2008 by Nuclear Blast.
 Game Dames and Guitar Thangs (1977) is the debut album by Parliament-Funkadelic lead guitarist Eddie Hazel.
 Please Return the Evening — the Cherry Poppin' Daddies Salute the Music of the Rat Pack is a tribute album and ninth album overall by American ska-swing band the Cherry Poppin' Daddies due for release in early 2014 on Space Age Bachelor Pad Records.A collection of faithful covers of songs by members of the Rat Pack Please Return the Evening is the only Daddies album not to feature original music by lead singer-songwriter Steve Perry and the band's second studio album to focus exclusively on traditional swing and jazz music following the single-disc release of 2013's White Teeth Black Thoughts eschewing the ska rock and pop influences which typically feature in their music.
 The Road is the first studio album by Contemporary Christian-Worship musician Tricia Brock released on June 7 2011 by InPop Records.
 Oh World released in 1989 is the sole solo album by Paul Rutherford the former backing singer of Frankie Goes To Hollywood.
 White Lion Hits Version Vol. 1 is a compilation album by Tego Calderón featuring artists from his label Jiggiri Records and also White Lion Records.
 Extra Vol. 1 is a rarities double album by KMFDM released on June 3 2008. It is the first of a three volume double-disc set collection of tracks that were not included in any of the ten KMFDM Classic albums.
 Steve Forde is the first solo album by Australian Country music star Steve Forde which is both a greatest hits CD and has brand new content. The CD produced two singles both of which reached the number one position on the CMC request charts.[citation needed]
 The World According To Gob is the third studio album by Gob and was released on January 23 2001. It includes the singles I Hear You Calling For The Moment and No Regrets. The album was certified Gold in Canada on May 02 2002.
 54 Nude Honeys (Greatest Hits) is the first and only compilation album by the Japanese punk rock band 54 Nude Honeys released on April 17 2006 by Skydog International a French punk label. It is also the group's final release. A limited pressing of the album was released with a bonus DVD of the group's three music videos and a live performance recorded at the CBGB punk club in New York.
 More Singable Songs is a music album by popular children's entertainer Raffi released in 1977.
 Open Your Mouth for the Speechless...In Case of Those Appointed to Die is the debut album from Philadelphia band A Life Once Lost. The 2004 reissue of this album originally released in 2000 in a limited edition features an improved remix and remastering all-new artwork and a trio of bonus tracks two early demos of songs from this album's follow-up and a more recent live recording. This album is noticeably heavier than ALOL's newer recordings.
 Gary Barlow: On Her Majesty's Service is a documentary featuring the process of Gary Barlow writing the Queen's Diamond Jubilee official single and travelling across The Commonwealth enlisting the help of singers and musicians to feature in the track.
 Alive and Kickin' Ass is the fifth live album released by Crack the Sky. Recorded live at the Tower Theater in Philadelphia Pennsylvania and the Agora in Cleveland Ohio in 1978—the same shows that were used for the Live Sky album.
 Life in Stereo is a studio album by the Spanish electronic indie pop band The Pinker Tones. It was released on May 15 2012 through Nacional Records.
 Oceana is the seventh studio album by keyboardist Derek Sherinian released on September 5 2011 through Music Theories Recordings.Joe Bonamassa posted in his forum after his Oceana tracking session Man.... This session was one of the most challenging of my career. To be in the studio with Derek Sherinian and Simon Phillips as daunting. A huge thanks to Both Derek and Simon for getting me through it.. I learned a lot. Oceana is a killer record... Highly recommended ...
 Rebuilt is the second and final studio album by the American girl group Girlicious. The album was released on November 22 2010 by Universal Music Canada. The album draws from the dance-pop genre while infusing hints of R&B. Production initially started in early 2009 after former member Tiffanie Anderson parted citing personal differences between the girls.The album has sparked four singles and one promotional single; The first being Over You which was released on January 5 2010.
 Start a People is the second album by the American psychedelic rock band Black Moth Super Rainbow released in 2004. It is the band's fifth album if releases under the name Satanstompingcaterpillars are included in the chronology.
 Groovy Decay was the second solo album by Robyn Hitchcock released in 1982.
 Matando Güeros is the debut album from the band Brujeria. Güero is a Mexican-Spanish slang term for a white or light skinned/haired person. The album talks mostly about killing white Americans and border crossing.
 Larmes de Héros is second and last studio album by French heavy metal band Sortilège released in 1986. After this album band decided to disband.
 Little Children is the original soundtrack on the New Line Records label of the 2006 Academy Award- and Golden Globe-nominated film Little Children starring Kate Winslet Patrick Wilson Jennifer Connelly Phyllis Somerville and Jackie Earle Haley. The original score was composed by Thomas Newman.
 Cathedral Oceans (after 2003 also referred to as Cathedral Oceans I) is an album of ambient music by John Foxx released in 1997. Alongside Shifting City released on the same day it marked Foxx's return to the music scene after an absence of seven years. It was also his first solo album since 1985's In Mysterious Ways.
 Butterflies and Elvis is the debut studio album by Icelandic singer Yohanna released by Warner Music in Sweden and still being released in other European countries. It was primarily produced by Lee Horrocks with additional contribution from Maria Björk.
 A.K.A. Wham Bam Sam is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams Jr. This album was released on April 4 1996 on the Curb Records label.
 The Tesla Boy EP is the debut EP of Russian synthpop/new wave band Tesla Boy. It was released in Russia on 16 February 2009 and in the United Kingdom on 7 September 2009.One of the songs on the EP Spirit of the Night was included as part of the soundtrack for the 2012 racing video game Forza Horizon.
 Morning Dove White is the only album from club-oriented Scottish alternative dance act One Dove. The album was released in 1993.
 The Great Pacific Ocean is the second EP by Canadian rock band Thrush Hermit released in 1995 on CD and 12 picture disc by Murderecords. The EP was recorded and mixed by Steve Albini.
 Excerpts... is a studio album by Fragile Vastness. It was released in 2002 by Sleaszy Rider Records.
 Felix Cavaliere is the first solo album by Felix Cavaliere former member primary songwriter and one of the two lead singers of The Rascals (formerly the Young Rascals). It was produced by Todd Rundgren.
 Behind the Barricades is the sixth comedy album released by Northern Irish comedian and actor James Young.The album cover features a picture taken by Stanley Matchett. On the cover a Soldier with his back to the camera stands in a street off the Falls Road Belfast in front of a barricade. Behind the barricade Young in drag leans across to the soldier. The back cover features a photograph taken from the reverse angle.
 Acoustic at Olympic Studios is an acoustic album by New York-based shoegazing band Asobi Seksu. The album was first released in February 2009 as a tour-exclusive CD then reissued and retitled Rewolf for worldwide distribution by One Little Indian Records in November 2009. The album was recorded at Olympic Studios in Barnes London. It contains mostly acoustic versions of songs from Citrus and Hush as well as a few unique tracks.
 Time is Lionel Richie's fifth studio album released on June 23 1998. It was a commercial disappointment and selling far fewer copies than any of his previous material.
 You're Gettin' Even While I'm Gettin' Odd is the 14th and final album by American rock band The J. Geils Band released in 1984 after lead singer Peter Wolf left the band. It has only been released on CD in Japan (that edition being long out of print). A vinyl and cassette version of the album was issued in the U.S. in 1984 on the EMI label but was deleted after a few months and never re-issued.
 Ice on the Dune is the second studio album by Australian electronic music duo Empire of the Sun. It was released on 14 June 2013 by Capitol Records.A trailer for the album debuted on 11 March 2013; it was produced by Kelvin Optical a production division of Bad Robot and was directed by J. D. Dillard.
 Compass Kumpas (aka Compass kum'pəs) was the first album from Dalek I Love You shortened to Dalek I for this album and accompanying singles. It was released on May 24 1980 by Back Door/Phonogram records.Under their full moniker Dalek I Love You the band went on in 1983 to record a second self-titled album Dalek I Love You.In 1989 Compass Kumpas was reissued on CD (Fontana 836 894-2) with 4 bonus tracks.
 Above the Noise is the fifth studio album from English pop rock band McFly. The album was released on 15 November 2010. The album spawned three singles: Party Girl which was released on 6 September; Shine a Light which was released on 8 November; and That's the Truth which was released on 6 March 2011. The album's title was revealed when it was made available to pre-order from the HMV website.
 Întotdeauna pentru totdeauna (Always Forever) is the sixth studio album by Romanian hip hop group B.U.G. Mafia. It was released on October 17 2000 by Cat Music in Romania. Recording sessions for the album took place in 2000 at the Magic Sound studios in Bucharest Romania. The album's name is an untranslatable Romanian play of words basically meaning that the group will always remain unchanged so that they can go into history thus being remembered forever. B.U.G.
 Turn It On is the third studio album to be released by Boyzone frontman and Irish singer-songwriter Ronan Keating. The album was released on 17 November 2003 a week after the release of the lead single Lost for Words. The album became the worst performing album of Keating's career to date only peaking at #21 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Genocide released in 2000 is another compilation consisting of the first two Judas Priest albums Rocka Rolla and Sad Wings of Destiny. Like several others in the past Genocide was released under the label Gull in an effort to capitalize on Judas Priest's popularity. Judas Priest's management firmly states that people should not buy these compilations because even though it would seem like a new album on the surface it's just a re-issue of material already recorded.
 Every Day is a New Day is a studio album by American singer Diana Ross released in 1999 on the Motown label. It was released around the same time as the motion picture Double Platinum in which Ross co-starred with Brandy some of the album's tracks being songs that Ross' character sings in the film.
 Glamazon is the fifth studio album from singer and drag queen RuPaul. It was released on iTunes through RuCo on April 25 2011 coinciding with the third season finale of RuPaul's Drag Race. The album is a mix of dance electro pop R&B and hip-hop.
 Plumb is the debut studio album by Christian singer-songwriter Plumb. The album was not only a success for herself but also for Matt Bronleewe. This was Bronleewe's first role producing.
 Double Espresso is a live album performed by The Tony Levin Band at the Bearsville Theater Woodstock New York
 Spirit's self-titled experimental debut album was marked by Jay Ferguson's eclectic writing style Syd Barrett's psychotropism and Jim Morrison's West Coast bohemianism. The result was commercially unsuccessful but garnered underground FM airtime. The band later curtailed its psychedelia and focused on a broader array of genres.The album was first published by Ode Records in 1968. It has since been reprinted by Sony repackaged in compact-disc form and remastered from original analogue tapes.
 Magic in Your Eyes is the 4th studio album by Earl Klugh released in 1978. Chet Atkins whom Klugh considers to be one of his main influences is featured on the song Good Time Charlie's got the Blues.
 1980–1985 The New Mix in One Go is a compilation of remixed songs by the Swiss band Yello. It was released in March 17 1986.
 The Powerless Rise is the fifth studio album by American metal band As I Lay Dying. The album was released on May 7 2010 in Europe and was released on May 11 2010 in the United States. The Powerless Rise debuted at No. 10 on the Billboard 200 with sales of 38000. The album features three singles: Beyond Our Suffering Parallels and Anodyne Sea. Music videos have been released for all three with the latest one (Beyond Our Suffering) consisting of live footage.
 Sueños (Eng.: Dreams) is the title of a studio album released by norteño music band Intocable. This album became their first number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart for 4 weeks and received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album.
 Mit Gas is the second studio album by the musical supergroup Tomahawk. It was released on May 6 2003 through Ipecac Recordings the record label owned by vocalist Mike Patton. Mit Gas charted in several countries reaching the top 20 in Norway's VG-lista and the United States' Billboard Independent Albums charts.Recorded after an unreceptive tour with the band Tool Mit Gas has been described by critics as a more focussed and unified album than its predecessor Tomahawk.
 Ten of Songs is a folk album released in 1988 by Robin Williamson. It was re-issued in 1993 on the Flying Fish label.
 1980–1982 is a double album compiled digitalized and mastered for CD in Netherlands containing the first single (1980) cassette (1981) and LP (1982) by Esplendor Geometrico in Spain.
 Cassandra's Dream is the soundtrack to the 2008 Woody Allen film Cassandra's Dream and features an original orchestral score by Philip Glass. The soundtrack was released on January 8 2008.
 Age of the Sun is the second album released by The Sunshine Fix the solo project of The Olivia Tremor Control's Bill Doss.
 Feel That Fire is the fourth studio album by American country music singer Dierks Bentley. It was released on February 3 2009 on Capitol Records Nashville. The album's first two singles were the title track and Sideways both of which reached Number One on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. A third single I Wanna Make You Close Your Eyes was released in July 2009. The album has sold 327000 copies as of 2010.
 Who You Are is the first studio album by American indie rock singer Cary Brothers released on May 29 2007. The first single from the album was Who You Are. The album was produced by Chad Fischer and Greg Collins. The album contains a hidden track titled Blue Eyes which was originally on his debut EP All the Rage.
 What's Come Inside of You is the third album by American electronic music group Freescha released May 6 2003 on AttackNine Records. It focuses on sexual themes with most of the songs either having a sexual connotation or pornography samples embedded within the music. In addition to this the two songs Feel Back and Come Good complement each other and switching the two words produces the phrases Come Back and Feel Good perhaps referring to feelings of abandonment after sex.
 Live at the Magic Bag is a live recording by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers. Released in 2004 it was recorded live at The Magic Bag in Ferndale Michigan.
 Brad vs Satchel is a compilation album of unreleased and incomplete tracks by the American rock bands Brad and Satchel. It was released on July 26 2005 through The Establishment Store.
 Indiscreet is the fifth album of music produced by Sparks. It was released in 1975 and later re-released with three bonus tracks. The album was produced by Tony Visconti with whom the group reunited in 1997 to produce several tracks for their retrospective album Plagiarism. The song How Are You Getting Home? was used in Leos Carax's film Holy Motors.
 X -Cross- (simply read as Cross) is the 57th studio album released by Japanese kayōkyoku singer Sayuri Ishikawa celebrating her 40th anniversary in the music industry. She collaborated with Shigeru Kishida of Quruli Kazufumi Miyazawa of The Boom Tamio Okuda Michiru Hako Yamasaki Neko Saito and Hiroko Taniyama to write the tracks on the album.
 Jazz and the Sound of Nature is an album by multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1957 and released on the Savoy label.
 Declan is the first album by singer Declan Galbraith. Released on 22 September 2002 in the United Kingdom at age 10 this was Declan's first album.
 God Bless Miss Black America is a studio album released on September 16 2002 (2002-09-16) by alternative rock band Miss Black America on Integrity Records. It was Miss Black America's debut album.
 Big Bang is the fifth studio album by Brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso. It was released in November 20 1989.Main hits of this album include Lanterna dos Afogados (the most famous and well-known song by the Paralamas) Nebulosa do Amor and Jubiabá (a Portuguese-language adaptation of Alan Robert's and Lord Kitchner's Give Me the Things).
 Happy Days is the third full-length album by the English alternative rock band Catherine Wheel released in 1995 (see 1995 in music).
 Ilusión (English:Illusion) is the fourth album by Colombian singer-songwriter Fonseca released by Sony Music in September 30 2011. The album was produced by Andres Levin and Bernardo Ossa. The songs are mostly inspired by the differents feeling related to the enthusiasm and joy of love and musically the album is Latin Pop influenced Tropipop.The album's lead single Desde Que No Estás was released August 22 2011 only in some Latin American countries and reached the top ten in these.
 The Grey's Anatomy Original Soundtrack is the soundtrack album series for the medical drama television series Grey's Anatomy with four volumes released in the series.
 Free Cocaine is a compilation album by punk rock band The Dwarves released on the Recess label in February 1999. It includes their album Toolin' for a Warm Teabag as well as the Lucifer's Crank EP and several other tracks. Patrick Kennedy of Allmusic describes the compilation as displaying the best of the band and described it as fast-as-hell catchy raunchy hardcore punk.
 The Life of the Last Prophet was the first album to be released by Yusuf Islam (after leaving the Western pop music business in 1978 when he was known as Cat Stevens). After that time he recorded only albums with Islamic themes including recordings for children to learn both the Arabic alphabet and basic tenets of Islam.
 My Utmost for His Highest is the first of two albums of songs inspired by Oswald Chambers' devotional My Utmost for His Highest. The album produced by Brown Bannister features performances by popular Christian musicians of songs relating to a day from Chamber's book. It was the first album to receive the GMA Dove Award for Special Event Album of the Year and was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop/Contemporary Gospel Album.
 Suicide Invoice is the second album by the San Diego California rock band Hot Snakes released in 2002 by Swami Records. It was recorded in a similar manner to the band's previous album Automatic Midnight with guitarist John Reis taking time off from his main band Rocket from the Crypt.
 Set Yourself on Fire is the third album by Canadian indie rock band Stars. It was released in 2004 on the Arts & Crafts International record label in Canada and the United Kingdom and in 2005 in the United States.The album's most notable single was Ageless Beauty the band's breakthrough hit in Canada. Your Ex-Lover Is Dead has also garnered significant play in the United States. It was featured on the soundtrack of The O.C..
 SEX: Too Fast to Live Too Young to Die was a compilation album edited by Marco Pirroni which was compiled from the records on the jukebox at Malcolm McLaren's shop SEX.
 Ain't Nothin But a Party is an album by The Gap Band released in 1995 on Raging Bull Records.
 Big Noise Transmission is a live album by English musician Gary Numan. The album was released in 2012 by Mortal Records and is a recording of Numan's December 2011 concert at the The Ritz Manchester.The CD is an exclusive fan club release via Townsend Records. A DVD of the concert was also released. Big Noise Transmission reached number 9 in the Official Charts Music Video Top 40.
 The Main Attraction is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1976 and released on the Kudu label.
 11:11 is the third studio album by Mexican guitar duo Rodrigo y Gabriela. It was released on independent label Rubyworks around the world from 2 to 8 September 2009. It guest stars Strunz & Farah on the song Master Maqui and Alex Skolnick on the song Atman. The song Buster Voodoo was performed by the band on The Tonight Show hosted by Conan O'Brien on Thursday 1 October 2009 and on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson on Wednesday 28 October 2009.
 We Are the Dynamite is the debut full-length studio album by Welsh post-hardcore band The Blackout. The singles released from the album were The Beijing Cocktail and It's High Tide Baby!. This is the band's last release on the Fierce Panda label.
 She'd Give Anything is an EP released by American country music band Boy Howdy. It was released in 1994 by Curb Records. It peaked at #19 on the Top Country Albums chart. The EP includes the singles She'd Give Anything and They Don't Make 'em Like That Anymore which respectively reached #4 and #2 on Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs). Also included is A Cowboy's Born with a Broken Heart previously a single from their 1992 debut album Welcome to Howdywood.
 Released on May 28 2002 this DVD chronicles the Morning View Sessions concert that the band Incubus gave in New York City. The concert took place on the day their album Morning View was released.
 Luna Nueva is the third studio album by Argentine singer-songwriter Diego Torres it was released on December 17 1996 through RCA Records. The music video for the single Sé Que Ya No Volverás was nominated for a Lo Nuestro Award.The álbum 400000 copies.
 The Contemplation EP is the first solo ep by jazz pianist Mike Garson and was released in 2006 via his Myspace site.
 Big Tyme is the second album by American hip hop group Heavy D & the Boyz.
 Firm Roots is a live album by pianist Cedar Walton recorded in 1974 and released on the Muse label in 1976.
 Waiting for the End to Come is the eleventh studio album by Canadian death metal band Kataklysm.
 The Birth of Soul: The Complete Atlantic Rhythm and Blues Recordings is a 3-CD box set compilation by Ray Charles released in 1991.
 Brighter Than a Thousand Suns is the sixth album by English post-punk group Killing Joke. It was released in 1986 on LP on CD and on cassette by EG Records. The CD and cassette versions have three bonus tracks.The 2007 remastered CD restored Chris Kimsey's mixes in place of Julian Mendelsohn's which appeared on the original release. Kimsey's mixes are noticeably livelier preferring the clean attack of bass drums and guitar over the synth and reverb-heavy approach of the original.
 Panamericana Suite is a live album by Cuban jazz performer Paquito D'Rivera. It was released by MCG Jazz on November 2 2010. The album was produced by Jay and Marty Ashby and features eight songs performed with several guest performers such as Brenda Feliciano Dave Samuels and Diego Urcola among others. Recorded live at the Manchester Craftsmen's Guild in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania in April 2008 the album earned the Latin Grammy Award for Best Latin Jazz Album.
 Feather Float is the second album the Japanese band OOIOO a side-project of Boredoms member Yoshimi P-We.
 Above the Buried Cry is the first album of American band Æon Spoke led by Paul Masvidal and Sean Reinert. Seven tracks from this album were re-recorded on the self-titled album in 2007.
 Armor On is the first EP and second major release by American recording artist Dawn Richard as a solo act. Dawn Richard is best known for being a part of Diddy – Dirty Money and Danity Kane. The album and track listing for Armor On was revealed on March 7 2012. The album serves as a prelude to her upcoming album Goldenheart Trilogy the first of which was released in January 2013.
 Megamix is a megamix album by Croatian singer Mate Bulić. It contains five megamixes capturing thirty of his greatest hits. The song Ostarit´ ću nikad neću znati is included as a bonus track.
 The inexperienced Spiral Traveller (aus dem Schoß der Hölle ward geboren die Totensonne) (German: from the Womb of Hell was born the Sun of the Dead) is the third album by darkwave band Sopor Aeternus & the Ensemble of Shadows and was released in 1997. The inexperienced Spiral Traveller continued the Renaissance- and Baroque-inspired sound of Todeswunsch - Sous le soleil de Saturne but with tighter arrangements and the re-introduction of drum machines.
 A Trillion Shades of Happy was the only album released by New Zealand glam/hard rock/hair metal band Push Push.
 Dear Dear is a 1992 album by Canadian rock band 54•40.It was their most successful album in their native Canada spawning the hit singles Nice to Luv You She La Music Man and You Don't Get Away (That Easy).
 Gaucho is the seventh studio album by the American Jazz rock band Steely Dan released in 1980. The sessions for Gaucho represented the peak of Steely Dan's recording studio perfectionism and obsessive recording technique.
 Blackhawk is the first studio album by the American country music group Blackhawk. Released in 1994 on Arista Nashville it was certified 2× Multi-Platinum by the RIAA for shipping two million copies. The album produced the singles Goodbye Says It All Every Once in a While I Sure Can Smell the Rain Down in Flames and That's Just About Right. Respectively these reached #11 #2 #9 #10 and #7 on the Hot Country Songs charts between 1994 and 1995.
 Digital Rock is the third studio album by French-born English musician Space Cowboy. It was released digitally on 31 July 2006 in Japan and physically on 29 January 2007 in the United Kingdom by Tiger Trax Records.
 All You Can Eat is the fourth studio album by the metal band Steel Panther released on April 1 2014 on the independent label Open E Music via Kobalt Label Services. The album was officially announced September 2013. The first single from the album is Party Like Tomorrow is the End of the World. The second single The Burden of Being Wonderful was released January 21 2014. The third single Gloryhole was released in April 2014 on Steel Panther's VEVO channel.
 Accumulation: None is a compilation of rarities by the American singer-songwriter Bill Callahan released under his then alias Smog on November 4 2002 in Europe by Domino Records and a day later in North America by Drag City. The compilation includes the new song White Ribbon.
 Great American Gingerbread: Rasputina Rarities & Neglected Items is a limited collector's edition compilation album by American cello rock band Rasputina.
 Less Than Zero is an EP by Los Angeles hip-hop group LA Symphony.
 Laugh Out Lord is a 2002 album by alternative comedian Neil Hamburger. It was released jointly by Drag City and Glory Home Records on November 5 2002. In 2009 the album was named by The A.V. Club as one of the best comedy albums of the decade.
 Choices – The Singles Collection was a compilation album collecting British band The Blow Monkeys's greatest hits which was released in 1989 by RCA label and distributed by BMG / Ariola.
 Shedding the Past is the 2008 debut album by German techno musician Shed.
 One Man Dog is singer-songwriter James Taylor's fourth album. Released in 1972 it features the hit Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight which peaked at #14 on the Billboard charts on January 13 1973. It was a concept album primarily recorded in Taylor's home studio.The album is made up of 18 short pieces strung together. It climbed to #4 on the US Billboard Pop Albums charts.Most records were in Quadraphonic sound.[citation needed]
 Eat the phikis is the breakthrough album by Italian rock band Elio e le storie tese. They became famous after their second place finish at the Sanremo Music Festival with the song La terra dei cachi a humorous take on Italian lifestyle. This record shows the band at their creative peak.
 Revelations of the Black Flame is the fourth studio album by Norwegian black metal band 1349.The studio sessions took place during December 2008 in a woodland studio in Bøverbru (a village in the Toten region of Norway). 1349 mixed the album in January 2009. The album was co-mixed by Tom Gabriel Fischer.
 Happy Heart is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in the spring of 1969 by Columbia Records. The album made its first appearance on the Top LP's chart in the issue of Billboard magazine dated May 17 1969 and remained there for 23 weeks peaking at number nine.
 Best of Rockers 'n' Ballads is a 1989 compilation album of 1980s hits by the German hard rock band Scorpions.
 10 Years After is the first compilation album and the seventh album overall by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem released in 1988. The collection focused solely on their English output; there was no corresponding Swedish collection. On LP and cassette it was released as a double album. The CD version dropped some of the songs to fit onto one disc. Some pressings had a previously unreleased song Covered by Blood.
 Ailleurs land is a 2003 album recorded by French singer Florent Pagny. It was his tenth album oversall and was released on April 8 2003. It achieved huge success in France and Belgium (Wallonia) where it remained charted respectively for 75 and 34 weeks including several weeks atop. The album was also successful in Switzerland.
 Broken Drum is a contemporary Christian album performed by Jon Buller released in 2003.
 Old Growth is the sixth album by the Washington D.C. based rock band Dead Meadow. It was released in 2008 by Matador Records on CD and LP.
 Music from the Eather is an album by Texan industrial band Mentallo and the Fixer released on 26 October 2012 through Alfa Matrix. The album was released as a two CD standard version and a limited edition box set containing an additional third CD a sticker a postcard and a poster.
 Tetragammoth is the 2002 debut album by alternative hip hop artist Baracuda72. Most of the album's production was handled by Orphan the Plague Language collective's most prolific producer at the time.The track Deadly Rays featuring Plague Language affiliate Noah23 was released as a split single with the track Crypto Sporidian from Noah23's album Quicksand. Both tracks were produced by Orphan.
 Like Icicles is the first full-length album by the Seattle indie band This Busy Monster. It was released in 1998 on the Barsuk Records label. It is one of the first albums in the Barsuk catalogue.
 A Book Like This is the first full-length album by Australian singer-songwriter duo Angus & Julia Stone. It was released in September 2007 in Australia and entered the Australian charts at #6 Australian Recording Industry Association and in the UK through Flock Music/PIAS on 31 March 2008.
 One Elephant Deux Éléphants is the first album by popular children's entertainers Sharon Lois & Bram originally released in 1978. Throughout their career the album has been re-released many times under various titles.
 Amerindios is the first album by the folk music group Amerindios.
 Dance of the Headless Bourgeoisie is the eighth full-length album released by Nomeansno.
 Put Yourself in My Shoes is a 1990 (see 1990 in music) album by American country music singer-songwriter Clint Black. As with Black's debut album Killin' Time the album is currently certified triple platinum by the RIAA. All four singles from the album produced huge hits for Black on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts: Loving Blind and Where Are You Now both at Number One; the title track at #4; and One More Payment at #7.
 The Collection is a compilation box set by American recording artist Michael Jackson released four days after his death though its release was already scheduled before Jackson's passing. With the exception of HIStory it contains all of Jackson's Epic studio albums. It has peaked at number one in several countries.
 Young & Thuggin'is the debut album by rapper Turk. It was released on June 5 2001 through Cash Money Records and was produced entirely by Mannie Fresh. The album was a huge success on the chartsselling 82000 copies in its first week peaking at #9 on the Billboard 200 and #2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Among the guests featured on the album were his fellow Hot Boys the Big Tymers and Mack 10. The album is Turk's best album to date with his other albums not being as successful.
 Die Tür ist zu (German for The Door Is Closed) is an EP by Swans released in 1996 only in Germany.
 Live on Ten Legs is a live album by American alternative rock band Pearl Jam released on 17 January 2011. The album is composed of songs recorded during the band's 2003–2010 world tours and is a companion piece to their 1998 live album Live on Two Legs. All songs on the album have been remixed by long time Pearl Jam engineer Brett Eliason.The album packaging is similar to the previous official live compilation. Photos of the band in concert are featured on the inside of the cover.
 Alive and Screamin' is the first live album by the Swiss hard rock band Krokus recorded on their tour of the United States and Canada in 1986.
 Come è profondo il mare is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Lucio Dalla released in 1977 by RCA Italiana. It was the first work in which Dalla wrote both the music and lyrics after three albums in which the latter had been provided by poet Roberto Roversi.
 Merle Haggard Presents His 30th Album is the 30th album by American country singer Merle Haggard released in 1974.
 Live Exposure is a video by Little River Band filmed at a live concert at The Summit in Houston Texas on 7 October 1981.Live Exposure was first released on VHS in 1981 and subsequently released on DVD in 2008
 Evacuate the Dancefloor is the third studio album from German eurodance group Cascada consisting of DJ Manian Natalie Horler and Yanou first released on July 3 2009. Recording sessions for the album took place during 2008 to 2009 at Plazmatek Studio Yanou Studio 1. The entire album like their previous albums was produced by the two disc jockeys from Cascada Yanou and DJ Manian.
 Snakland is the third album by Bugskull released on May 1 1996 through Scratch Records.
 Officium Novum is an album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek and The Hilliard Ensemble recorded in Austria in 2009 and released on the ECM label. The album is a sequel to their previous collaboration Officium (1994).
 Who's to Know is an album by violinist Shankar recorded in 1980 and released on the ECM label.
 The Roy Clark Method is the second and final studio album by the band The Roy Clark Method released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).
 The Moon Under Water is the third studio album by American pop/rock singer Ryan Cabrera. It was released on May 13 2008 in the U.S.. The album was preceded by its first single Say which was released in February. It failed to generate success which contributed in the album's low debut at number hundred seventy-seven (#177) on the Billboard 200 with 8500 sales in its first week. The next week the album dropped out of the chart.
 History is the debut EP by Canadian indie rock band controller.controller. It was released on August 3 2004 on Paper Bag Records.
 The Mechanical Hand is the third studio album by Horse the Band released in 2005 through Combat Records.
 MTMTMK is an album by London-based DJ and production duo The Very Best released 16 July 2012 under the Moshi Moshi label. Recorded in Lilongwe Malawi MTMTMK retains the distinctive combination of African flair and synth-pop dance beats found in earlier albums but adds an even more international flavor thanks to collaborations from such diverse artists as African music legends Baaba Maal and Amadou & Miriam to modern-pop stars Bruno Mars and Taio Cruz.
 The Heebee-jeebees are a Canadian a cappella quartet formed in 1993 in Calgary Canada. The Heebee-jeebees have released 8 recordings all to international recognition including 4 CARA nominations and 2 CARA Awards. They have won the Canadian A Cappella Northern Harmony Championships twice and have been named the inaugural inductee into the Northern Harmony Hall of Fame.
 Prvý Slíž is the demo tape by the Slovak punk rock/comedy rock band Horkýže Slíže. Many of the band's songs from this demo tape have appeared on their first three albums: V Rámci Oného Vo Štvorici Po Opici and Ja Chaču Tebja.
 Shake It Up: I Love Dance (stylized as Shake It Up: I <3 Dance also known as Shake It Up: I ♥ Dance) is the third and final soundtrack for the Disney Channel Original Series Shake It Up. It was released on March 5 2013. The album features musical artists associated or popularized by Disney Channel stars Bella Thorne Zendaya Bridgit Mendler McClain Sisters Caroline Sunshine Roshon Fegan Selena Gomez Coco Jones Olivia Holt and Dove Cameron as well as non-Disney Channel stars Young L.A.
 David Gilmour in Concert is a DVD of former Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour's solo concert at the Royal Festival Hall London in June 2001 as part of the Robert Wyatt-curated Meltdown festival. It also features additional footage recorded during three concerts at the same venue in January 2002. The track selection includes several Pink Floyd compositions in addition to Gilmour's solo works. Guest appearances are made by Floyd colleague Richard Wright as well as Robert Wyatt and Bob Geldof.
 Simple Headphone Mind is the second collaboration between Stereolab and Nurse With Wound. As with their first release Crumb Duck Stereolab recorded the basic track and then handed it over to Steven Stapleton to do with as he pleased.
 Mott the Hoople is the debut studio album by the band of the same name. It was produced by Guy Stevens and released in 1969 by Island Records in the UK (cat. no. ILPS 9108) and in 1970 by Atlantic Records in North America (cat. no. SD 8258). It was subsequently re-released by Angel Air in 2003 (SJPCD157).Stevens the group's initial mentor and guide wanted to create an album that would suggest Bob Dylan singing with the Rolling Stones.
 Soundproof is the 4th live album & 18th album overall by ApologetiX. In addition to 14 new songs 4 songs are rewritten/rerecorded: Yer Maker from Radical History Tour as well as Lions That Daughter & Ain't That A Miracle? from Isn't Wasn't Ain't.
 Manual For Successful Rioting is the third album by French electronic turntable band Birdy Nam Nam. Released in 2009 with Has Been and Jive Sbme Europe on CD and LP formats the record features production by Yuksek and includes co-production by Justice.
 Into the Black is an EP by Ruby Isle a band featuring Mark Mallman Kindercore founder Dan Geller and drummer Aaron LeMay. It was released on Kindercore April 1 2007.
 Palaa aurinkoon is an album by Islaja released in 2005. The title of the album is Finnish for Return to the Sun.
 Make It Better is the third studio album by British dance-pop band Dubstar. It was released August 2000 on Food and spawned two singles: I (Friday Night) and The Self Same Thing. The single I (Friday Night) was released in the UK on 1 May. Some releases of Make It Better exclude the tenth and thirteenth tracks New Friends and Stay Together respectively.
 Zbog tebe is the third studio album by Zdravko Čolić released in 1980.The authors on the record are Goran Bregović Kemal Monteno Arsen Dedić and Spomenka Kovač.
 For the term volunteer see Volunteer. For other uses see Volunteer (disambiguation).Volunteers is a 1969 album by American psychedelic rock band Jefferson Airplane released as RCA Victor LSP-4238. It was also released in a Quadrophonic version in 1973 as RCA Quadradisc APD1-0320.
 Ravenous is the score for the film of the same name. It was written and performed by Damon Albarn and Michael Nyman (by agreement Albarn credited first on the album and Nyman credited first on the film credits).
 Temptastic is the first mini album by South Korean girl group T-ara. The album marked the first appearance of the group's seventh member HwaYoung.
 Live and Mo' is a live/studio blues/Soul album by Keb' Mo'. It was released on October 20 2009. It is his first album through the Yolabelle International label which he started after leaving Sony Music in 2004. It is his first live album release to date and it is intertwined with studio tracks hand picked by Mo' himself to go side by side with the live tracks. The album is underlined with soul and jazz and has a laid back feel to it.
 You Can't See Me is the debut album of WWE wrestler John Cena and his cousin Tha Trademarc. Released on May 10 2005 by WWE Records the album debuted at #15 on the Billboard 200 charts with over 143000 copies sold in the first week released. In the United Kingdom the album peaked at #103 on the UK Albums Chart.It features a guest appearance by Boston rapper Esoteric on one track and Bumpy Knuckles on several.
 Rory Gallagher is the first solo album by Irish blues rock musician Rory Gallagher released in 1971. It marked his departure from Taste. After disbanding Taste Gallagher auditioned some of the best musicians available at the time including Noel Redding and Mitch Mitchell the bassist and drummer for the Jimi Hendrix Experience. He decided on two Belfast musicians; drummer Wilgar Campbell and bass guitarist Gerry McAvoy to be the core of his new power trio band.
 Son of the Wind is a 1992 album by American folk singer Arlo Guthrie.
 The Vaudeville Years of Fleetwood Mac 1968 to 1970 (or just The Vaudeville Years) is an album by British blues rock band Fleetwood Mac released in 1998. It was a compilation of outtakes and unreleased tracks from the band's early line up none of which had previously seen the light of day officially.
 Clan Na Gael: 10 Years On is a reunion album for the original line up of Seven Nations. It features the return of Nick Watson and Neil Anderson (Currently performing together in the Celtic Rock group Rathkeltair. The album features original recordings and rerecordings of popular songs from the old line up. The Album can be purchased at Seven Nations and Rathkeltair shows or online.
 Back on My B.S. is the eighth studio album by rapper Busta Rhymes. It was released on May 19 2009.
 Revenge is the third album by The Flying Luttenbachers released on August 20 1996 through Skin Graft Records.
 Eyes of a Stranger is an album released by the R&B band The Deele in 1987.The third album released by the Deele it became the band's most commercially successful album on the strength of what is perhaps the group's best-known hit the R&B top 5 and pop top ten single Two Occasions along with the R&B top ten follow-up Shoot 'Em Up Movies. It was shortly after the release of this album that primary group songwriters Kenny Babyface Edmonds and L.A.
 Barbara is the fourth studio album and fifth overall album by indie rock band We Are Scientists released (digitally and physically) in the UK on June 14 2010. The release was supported by lead single Rules Don't Stop released on April 5 2010 and Nice Guys released June 7 2010. Following the band's split from EMI/Virgin in November 2009 the record was released by PIAS Recordings in the United Kingdom.
 Live. Places. is a 2005 live album by the Youngblood Brass Band released to commemorate the last time primary music writer and arranger Nat McIntosh toured with the band as sousaphonist.
 Atlas is the debut album of the indie dance group RÜFÜS released in Australia under the Sweat It Out label on 9 August 2013. The album debuted at number 1 on the ARIA Albums Chart on 18 August 2013. The album includes the singles Desert Night Tonight and Sundream.
 Soulville is a 1957 album by swing tenor saxophonist Ben Webster recording a session from October 15 1957 which Webster played with the Oscar Peterson Trio. This session is described by AllMusic as one of the highlights of Webster's golden '50s run. The album was reissued in the early 1990s on CD with three bonus tracks which include rare recordings of Webster playing piano. When it was remastered in 24-bit for a 2003 edition additional photographs and new liner notes were also included.
 Unfinished Picture is an album by Rupert Hine. It was originally released in 1973 Purple Records and re-released on CD in 1988 by Line Records. It was recorded at the Church of Saint Mary Magdalene Paddington London.Music from the album was featured in the Anthony Stern film Wheel.The album features contributions from Steve Nye and Simon Jeffes of Penguin Cafe Orchestra.
 The Man is the self-produced eighth album by soul singer Barry White released in 1978 on the 20th Century-Fox Records label which saw its name changed from 20th Century.
 The Professional 3 is the third studio album from DJ and producer DJ Clue?. It was released December 19 2006 on Desert Storm Records Roc-A-Fella Records and Def Jam Recordings.The album features guest appearances by Nas Lil Wayne Rick Ross Young Jeezy Juelz Santana Mobb Deep Jagged Edge Fabolous The Game Mario Winans Kanye West Snoop Dogg Bun B Beanie Sigel Freeway Cassidy Styles P Cam'ron Fat Joe Remy Ma Jadakiss and others.
 Maynard Ferguson Octet is an album by American jazz trumpeter/trombonist Maynard Ferguson featuring tracks recorded in 1955 and released on the EmArcy label.
 Glamoured is an album by American jazz singer Cassandra Wilson. It was released on the Blue Note label in 2003.
 Truth: Live in St. Petersburg or t.A.T.u. Truth is an official live DVD release by t.A.T.u. of their 2006 performance in St. Petersburg. The DVD was scheduled for release in early 2006. However after the group split from Universal Music they announced they only had plans to release the DVD in Japan. After further legal issues with Universal the DVD was released on September 12 2007 available for purchase on Amazon.co.jp.
 Por Ti is the twentieth album of Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario. It was released in 2003. The album was certified Disco de Oro (Gold) by the RIAA on January 14 2004 for selling over 100000 in the states. It was later certified Disco Platinum (Platinum) for selling over 200000.
 Live in America is a two-disc live album by Neil Diamond released by Columbia Records in 1994. It reached number 93 on the Billboard 200 chart. As with his previous live albums Hot August Night and Hot August Night 2 Diamond performed his old hits with his version of his 1968 song Red Red Wine rendered in a reggae style similar to the version done by UB40. In his review of the album music critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine states that Diamond gives one hell of a show.
 Beam (stylized as BEAM) is the fourth full-length studio album by Japanese singer-lyricist Meg released on December 5 2007 in Japan by Universal J. The album is produced by Capsule member Yasutaka Nakata of Perfume fame and is her first album under Universal Music. The album also is simultaneously released with Nakata's other effort with Capsule Flash Back. The album debuted at number 24 in the Oricon Weekly Charts selling 10544 units on its first week of release.
 The Earth Is Not a Cold Dead Place is the third album recorded by post-rock band Explosions in the Sky released on November 4 2003 on the Temporary Residence label. It is widely considered to be a concept album.
 Adwa' Al Shohra (Arabic: أضواء الشهرة - lit. lights of fame‎) also known as The Limelight is an album by the Lebanese singer Carole Samaha released in 2006.Carole dedicated this album to Mansour Rahbani.
 In October 2009 Andrea released her second album Men si tarsil (Bulgarian:Мен си търсил). The songs included in this album are 10 and most success from them are the pilot single “Men si tarsil” “Day mi vsichko” the duets with Costi (Costi Ionita) – “Only Mine” (2008 best duet song) and “Used Up” also the project with Romanian DJ Geo Da Silva recorded in two version: “Moyata poroda” (Bulgarian) and “Bellezza” (Italian).
 Oi to the World! is a Christmas album by the southern California punk rock band The Vandals. It was released in 1996 by their label Kung Fu Records who also re-released it in 2000 with altered artwork and a bonus track.
 Back and Forth Series 2 is a compilation album by industrial band Skinny Puppy. It consists of the entire Back and Forth release remixed from the original four-track tapes including raw live recordings and studio rarities.
 Ripen is the second studio album from American-Christian singer-songwriter Shawn McDonald. The album was released on March 7 2006 on Sparrow Records. This album was produced by Will Hunt and Christopher Stevens. The album attained commercial charting successes and critical acclamation.
 El Gana Fi Byotna is a full length studio album of Islamic and Ramadan-themed songs written and composed by Tamer Hosny released in September 2007.
 Ozark Mountain Daredevils is the seventh album (and second self-titled one) issued by the Southern-fried country-rock group The Ozark Mountain Daredevils. It is their first and only album for the Columbia Records label after having issued six previous albums on A&M Records.
 Live from Portland is the first live album by the Christian rock band Kutless. It was released on December 5 2006. It was recorded on March 16 2006 in the band's hometown of Portland Oregon. The album comes with a CD of the concert's audio and a DVD with the concert itself. The DVD is slightly longer than the CD including drum solos from drummer Jeffrey Gilbert. The DVD also contains the band's music video for Shut Me Out and a documentary about the show and the band being on tour.
 Tomorrow's Blues is a 2003 album by Colosseum.
 Tycho Brahe is the second album by Lightwave released in 1993 through Crystal Lake.
 Believe in Him is a gospel album and 71st overall album by American country singer Johnny Cash released on Word Records in 1986. It features acoustic arrangements of classic gospel songs. In 2012 it was released entirely on CD for the first time on Bootleg Vol 4: The Soul of Truth with a different running order. Belshazzar had previously been recorded by Cash for Sun Records. The album featured the Cathedral Quartet on background vocals.
 Noon Chill is the third solo album by musician Arto Lindsay.
 Weaver of Dreams is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1960 and 1961 and originally released on the Columbia label. The album features Burrell's vocal talents as well as his guitar playing.
 Rivermaya is the debut album of the Filipino rock band Rivermaya. Containing 11 tracks it was released in 1994 on BMG Records Pilipinas (now Sony BMG Music Philippines Inc.).
 Every Time You Say Goodbye is an album by American violinist/singer Alison Krauss and her band Union Station released in 1992. It reached number 75 on the Billboard Country Albums chart.At the Grammy Awards of 1993 Every Time You Say Goodbye won the Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Album.
 The Best of Mercyful Fate is a compilation album by the band Mercyful Fate from years 1982-1984.
 The Falcon and the Snowman is an album of original music for the soundtrack of the Orion Pictures film of the same title composed and co-produced by Pat Metheny and Lyle Mays.The music is performed by the Pat Metheny Group with occasional orchestrations for strings.
 Go Go Smear the Poison Ivy is an album by the Icelandic group múm. It was released on the Fat Cat label on 24 September 2007.The album marks a shift from the group's original style as it uses more live instruments than electronics and there is a different vocal style including male vocals. Almost two years prior to the release of this album former lead singer of múm Kristín Anna Valtýsdóttir departed from the band.
 No One Said It Would Be Easy is a feature-length film about and featuring the band Cloud Cult that was released in stores on April 21 2009.It's an in depth look at Cloud Cult including live footage behind the scenes footage and exclusive interviews. The film was created by John Burgess and Scott West and includes footage gathered over the past ten years.
 The Last Lament is the second album by the progressive metal group Called To Arms released through Tragic Hero Records on November 17 2007. Originally intended to be a full length in 2005 the band went on hiatus and never finished writing the rest of the record. However when the band became active again they decided that since the disc was already nearly 30 minutes in length it had enough substance to justify releasing the material as an EP upon their return.
 Let's Get the Mood Right is an album by singer Johnny Gill released in 1996. It is his third album for Motown Records and his second most successful album on the label following his 1990 self-titled debut. The album's title was inspired by radio personality Tom Joyner who interviewed Gill on his show before the release of the album. At the time the album remained untitled and Joyner insisted the first single should also be the title of his album due to it being heavy on ballads.
 Hood Environment is the third studio album by rapper Drag-On released on September 4 2007 for T.R.U.S.T. Family. Hood Environment was Drag-On's only independent album to be released. Featured guests on the album included The Dude Eyez B G Luck and Pit Looks.
 New Wave Blues is an album by the Wandas independently released in 2009. It is the band's third full-length album.
 Made in Altan Urag an album by Altan Urag is based in Mongolian traditional music. It consists of ten tracks of folk music mixed with contemporary works include “Foal’s been born” “Singing Wind” and “Surf”. The mastering and mixing was handled by sound engineer N. Maidar. It was released in Mongolia on June 15 2004 and was printed in Russia. In 2006 the band was signed to Sonor Records.
 Los Tres MTV Unplugged is an MTV Unplugged live acoustic album by Los Tres. This was the first MTV Unplugged album ever to be released by a Chilean band.
 Counting Down is the second album by Australian boy band and pop vocal group Human Nature released on 25 May 1999.
 D.I.T.C. is the debut from Hip Hop collective D.I.T.C. or Diggin' in the Crates Crew. The group consists of Lord Finesse Show A.G. Diamond D Fat Joe O.C. Buckwild and the late Big L. The album closer Tribute is a tribute track to Big L who was murdered on February 15 1999.
 Greatest Hits is a 1991 retrospective compilation album by Eurythmics containing their successful singles spanning the years 1982 through 1990. It was enormously successful topping the charts in the UK for a total of 10 weeks and in Australia for 7 weeks.
 Myself < Letting Go is the debut album by metalcore band To Speak of Wolves. It was released on May 18 2010 through Solid State Records. The first single released from the album was Darkness Often Yields the Brightest Light.
 The Third Reich 'n Roll is a 1976 album by the U.S. avant-garde rock group The Residents. Their second (officially) released album it is a parody and satire of pop music and commercials from the 1960s. The work consists of two side-long pastiches of various songs from the period. The liner notes state that approximately 30 songs have been utilised. Some are obvious while others are almost unrecognizable.
 Renee Olstead is the self-titled major label debut album by teen actress-singer Renee Olstead released in 2004. This album differed from Olstead's previous privately issued country-western releases in that she performs pop and jazz standards. The album which was co-produced by David Foster has sold more than 166000 copies.
 Change of Address is the ninth studio album by the Swiss hard rock band Krokus and is largely seen to be their least successful. It has been described as plainly one of the worst efforts from Krokus and the band's website claims that they and their musical style were put under too much pressure from their record company. Unsurprisingly Krokus changed their record label for their next studio album Heart Attack.Andrew T of N.Y.
 Samantha Sings Christmas is a Christmas EP by Irish singer Samantha Mumba. The EP consists of 6 tracks mastered by Phil Coutour. It was available in Irish and UK newspapers as a promotion. The EP can also be found as a bonus disc on rare editions of Gotta Tell You.
 Warp is the third and final album from New Musik released on March 5 1982.
 Galore is the debut studio album by Canadian electronic music band Dragonette. It was released digitally on August 6 2007 and physically on September 24 2007 by Mercury Records. The album contains a mix of newly recorded tracks and reworked songs which had featured on their independently released Dragonette EP which was available through the band's website two years earlier.
 The Complete Reprise Sessions is a box set released in 2006 featuring both of Gram Parsons's early 1970s solo albums GP and Grievous Angel. The box set features interviews and previously unreleased alternative takes. The reviews give it a high rating based on its source material but most note that the additional music doesn't add much in interest.
 In The Cesspool of Culture is the debut album by Ska punk/Hardcore punk band Gandhi's Cookbook. It features all of the original material written by Gandhi's Cookbook up until the time of recording and was recorded DIY at Chris Ryan's home studio. The lyrics of the album deal with subjects such as apathy political autonomy Dubai religion Malcolm McLaren and Vivienne Westwood.
 X-Ten is the tenth album of Blue System. Was published in 1994 by BMG Ariola and produced by Dieter Bohlen. The album contains 11 new tracks.
 When The World Falls Down is the first album from British progressive rock band Balance of Power. It was released in 1997 and is the only album of the band to feature Tony Ritchie as lead vocalist.
 8 Chords 328 Words is the sixth EP by the American punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder. It was released on June 27 2000 through Lookout! Records.
 Wintersong is an album of Christmas songs by Canadian singer-songwriter Sarah McLachlan released in October 2006. It was produced by longtime collaborator Pierre Marchand and includes contributions from Jim Creeggan of Barenaked Ladies. The album also includes a duet with Jazz musician Diana Krall.
 The Essential REO Speedwagon is a greatest hits album by the band REO Speedwagon released through Epic Records and Legacy Recordings The collection spans the band's history from 1971 through 1999 and the package includes two compact discs.In 2009 the album was re-released as part of the Limited Edition 3.0 series which added a third bonus disc with eight more tracks.
 Wasted Youth is the second album released by the British glam rock band Girl. Bryson Graham replaced drummer Pete Barnacle during the recording of this album and contributed to the songwriting process.
 Public Display of Infection is the debut album by Boston rock band Tijuana Sweetheart (formerly known as VAGIANT Boston) released on October 21 2007. A clean version of the song Fuck the Kells appears as under the title FTK a bonus track in the game Guitar Hero II. The song Seven appears as a bonus track in the game Rock Band.
 The Rough Guide to Classic Jazz is a jazz compilation album originally released in 1997. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the album covers the genre's growth from the turn of the 20th century to the 1930s largely focusing on the Jazz Age. The compilation was produced by Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network. Curation was performed by Robert Parker an audio engineer specializing in the period and host of the radio show Jazz Classics in Digital Stereo.
 Old 97's & Waylon Jennings is an EP consisting of 1996 demo recordings by American country/rock band Old 97's and two unreleased duets with country music legend Waylon Jennings. It was released on October 1 2013 by Omnivore Recordings.
 The Cainian Chronicle is Ancient’s second full length release.
 Viva Kenton is an album by Stan Kenton released in 1959 by Capitol Records and later on Kenton's own Creative World label. The album features compositions by Gene Roland and was Kenton's second all-Latin album. It was the followup to Kenton's successful Cuban Fire! LP of 1956. Viva Kenton features Kenton's 18-piece orchestra with an additional percussion quartet. Featured soloists are alto saxophonist Charlie Mariano trombonist Don Sebesky and trumpeter Rolf Ericson.
 Naked Dinner is the third full-length album by Denver hip hop artist Time released on August 25 2009 on Dirty Laboratory Productions in association with Hip Hop Vinyl. It features appearances from C-Rayz Walz of Def Jux and Sole of Anticon. In early 2010 Naked Dinner charted at #19 in the nation on the CMJ hip-hop charts.
 Realistic is the debut album by an American indie pop band Ivy.
 MullMuzzler 2 (also known as James LaBrie's MullMuzzler 2) is the second studio album by Dream Theater singer James LaBrie and his band MullMuzzler released on September 11 2001 through Magna Carta Records
 In Good Company is the Canadian Chamber Choir's first studio album. It was produced and released on May 18 2010 under the artistic direction of Julia Davids. It was recorded in August 2009 in Gretna Manitoba at Buhler Hall while in residence at the Mennonite Collegiate Institute. The album features songs by Canadian composers including Eleanor Daley Allan Rae Jocelyn Morlock Lionel Daunais and Jeffrey Ryan.
 I Tried to Rock You But You Only Roll is a pop/rock album by Leona Naess her second album released in 2001 by MCA Records.Naess wrote much of the album while on tour in support of her debut album Comatised (2000). She considered the album a second chapter of her debut but felt more confident recording it at the age of 26. The title track I Tried to Rock You But You Only Roll and Mayor Of Your Town were released as singles.
 The Liberation Of... is the gold-certified sohphomore album of Christchurch-born singer/songwriter/rapper Ladi6 released in November 2010. It was nominated for Album of the Year and won Best Urban/Hip Hop Album at the 2011 New Zealand Music Awards. It also won the 2011 Taite Music Prize and Best Urban Album at the 2011 Pacific Music Awards.The same year Ladi6 won Best Female Solo Artist and was nominated in a total of six categories at the 2011 New Zealand Music Awards.
 Diamond is a full length album from 12012. The album was their major label debut after their move to Universal Music. The album is available in two editions a regular and special edition; the regular containing a bonus track and the special a DVD featuring making-of footage the music video for Diamond as well as live footage and a promotional poster.
 For the song 'Cello Song by Nick Drake see Five Leaves Left.Cello Song is an album recorded by the cellist Julian Lloyd Webber in 1993 for Philips.
 Wizards of Waverly Place is the soundtrack album for the hit Disney Channel Original Series of the same name. The album was released as a physical CD enhanced CD and digital on August 4 2009 under Walt Disney Records. The album includes songs from and inspired by the TV series and Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie.
 Blue on Blue is Leigh Nash's debut solo album. Nash began working on the album a year after Sixpence None the Richer disbanded. Produced by Pierre Marchand who is famous for his collaborations with Sarah McLachlan the album consists of pop songs.The track My Idea of Heaven was released to US radio on the 14 July 2006. A video was also made for to accompany the song. Other than that a remixing competition was held on her official website in order to promote the lead single.
 Diamonds and Rain is the third studio album from Christian alternative rock band The Choir released in 1986. It is the first release under the band's new moniker after dropping Youth from their name.The original title of the album was Love and Fear but the band was encouraged to find a more poetic way of expressing those themes—hence Diamonds and Rain.The black-and-white photograph on the rear of the album was the band's first choice for the front cover.
 Mayday is a live album by Hugh Cornwell. It was a live show recorded at Sankey's Soap in Manchester on 1 May 1998 hence the title.With Cornwell are Mike Polson (guitar and backing vocals) Michelle Marti (bass guitar and backing vocals) and Justin Chapman (drums).
 In Operation is the first live DVD from Hard-Fi filmed at London's historic Astoria venue and the full live performance during their sold out 15 date UK tour in December 2005. The CD/DVD reached #62 in the UK Album Chart.
 No Fame is a Mars Ill album released in 2006.
 The Abominable Showman is a Long Play (LP) Record Album by British singer-songwriter Nick Lowe. It was released in 1983 and was Lowe's fourth solo LP. See 1983 in music.↑ ↑
 Intermodulation is a 1966 jazz album by pianist Bill Evans and jazz guitarist Jim Hall. It is a follow-up to their 1963 collaboration Undercurrent.
 Cole Swindell is the debut studio album by American country music artist Cole Swindell. It was released on February 18 2014 via Warner Bros. Records. The album includes the Number One single Chillin' It.
 Shake the Missile Base is a punk experimental noise rock album and the 13th album released by New York punk/experimental bassist/flutist Steve Lieberman (The Gangsta Rabbi)age 49 at the time of release 27 November 2007 six weeks before Lieberman was committed to a local psych ward for cutting and other complications of major depressive and bipolar disorders.
 Soothing Music For Stray Cats is the debut solo album by the Liverpudlian musician songwriter and singer Edgar Jones Jones. It was released on 9 May 2005 on The Viper Label. It combined a number of musical styles including jazz rock and roll doo-wop soul R&B and funk across the instrumentals and songs that comprise the album.All tracks were written by Jones except It's My Bass which was written by The Isley Brothers.
 Lucifer Rising is a short film by director Kenneth Anger. The film was completed in 1972 but was only widely distributed in 1980.
 In My Prime Vol. 1 is an album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers recorded in 1977 and released on the Dutch Timeless label.
 Mondo is the 2012 debut studio album of Los Angeles-based indie pop band Electric Guest. It was released in April 2012 on Downtown Records and Across The Universe labels. The album entered the French Albums Chart at No. 32 in its first week of release.
 Re was Café Tacuba's second and perhaps most important contribution to Mexico's music scene. The album was called the equivalent of the Beatles 'White Album' for the rock en español movement by the New York Times. The name probably comes from the second syllable in Solfege perhaps because it was their second album. It was released in 1994 and consisted of twenty songs.The album is widely considered to be the best Latin American album of all time.
 What's It All About? is the second studio album from British songer/songwriter Chris Hardman also known as Lil' Chris. The album was released on October 6 2008. Only one single was released from the album - We Don't Have To Take Our Clothes Off. The album contains 6 brand new tracks and 7 tracks taken from his first album Lil' Chris.
 An Electrifying Evening with the Dizzy Gillespie Quintet is a 1961 live album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie recorded at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
 This article describes the 30th album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 30 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 30 or Now 30 was released in 1995. The album is the 30th edition of the (UK) Now! series. It was released on vinyl audio cassette and CD formats.The Oasis song Whatever features on this album.
 Road Runner is a 1966 R&B album by Junior Walker & the All-Stars. The band's second album it reached #6 on Billboard's Top R&B Albums chart and #64 on Billboard's Top Albums chart launching four hit singles. First released on record by Motown's Soul label in the US and Tamla/Motown internationally it has been multiply reissued on cassette and compact disc. It has also been remastered and reissued in conjunction with the band's preceding record Home Cookin' as Road Runner & Home Cookin'.
 Idolator is the third album by the Japanese metal band Blood Stain Child. Idolator combines melodic death metal similar to the more recent In Flames albums with electronic and trance influences particularly on Nuclear Trance. Embrace Me has a piano section both at the beginning and at the end of the song. In 2006 the band signed to Dockyard1 and released the album in Europe on November 27 2006. The album was released in the USA on July 17 2007.
 Gary Puckett & The Union Gap's Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Gary Puckett & The Union Gap released in 1970.The song Let's Give Adam and Eve Another Chance was released in March 1970 and hit #41 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #16 on the adult contemporary chart. This was the last album by the band that contained a charting single.The album landed on the Billboard 200 in 1970 chart reaching #50.
 Rare Demos & Freestyles Vol. 2 is the second rarities compilation by American hip hop musician Necro released on May 1 2001 by Psycho+Logical-Records.
 Boss Guitar is the ninth album by American jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery released in 1963 by Riverside Records. It has been reissued by Original Jazz Classics with additional alternate takes. All the tracks are available on the Wes Montgomery compilation CD The Complete Riverside Recordings.
 Comadre Florzinha is the debut album of the Brazilian band Comadre Florzinha. Released in 1999 the album counts on the participation of some famous artists from Brazil and abroad such as Thomas Rorher (from Switzerland) Siba (from Pernambuco Brazil) and Renata Rosa (from São Paulo Brazil).
 Al Cohn's America is a jazz album by saxophonist Al Cohn recorded in 1976 for Xanadu Records.
 jj n° 3 is the second studio album by jj. It was announced by Secretly Canadian on December 24 2009 and was released on March 9 2010 in collaboration with Sincerely Yours.The third song on the album Let Go was released January 15 for free at the Sincerely Yours website.jj n° 3 was named Rough Trade's Album of the Month in April 2010.In April 2011 the first half of the first song from the album My Life was featured in a gameplay trailer for the video game Battlefield 3.
 Appetite for Extinction is the second album by Some Velvet Sidewalk.
 Maniac Dance is a single first released by Stratovarius in 2005 through Sanctuary Records. It was released as a promo for the band's self titled album. The instrumental demo was named Original Demo from Hästfittan which in English means The horse pussy and only features guitar. It is the last single to feature longtime members Timo Tolkki and Jari Kainulainen.
 Hanna–McEuen is the only album by American country music duo Hanna–McEuen. It was released on August 16 2005 by DreamWorks Records Nashville. The album charted at number 42 on Top Country Albums and included the single Something Like a Broken Heart which peaked at number 38 on Hot Country Songs.
 The Vandals Play Really Bad Original Country Tunes is an album by the southern California punk rock band The Vandals released in 1999 by Kung Fu Records. Essentially a re-release of their 1989 album Slippery When Ill it contains 8 of the 10 songs from that album along with 2 newer previously unavailable songs.
 Mariamar is an album by jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp recorded in Rome Italy on October 16 1975 and released on the Horo label.
 The Philadelphia Sound is a compilation album released by Chunksaah Records in 2002. It features four at the time up-and-coming hardcore punk bands from the Philadelphia PA area each doing two songs. The bands are The Curse Go! For The Throat Knives Out and Paint It Black.
 Esco di rado e parlo ancora meno (English: I seldom go out and I speak even less) is a 40th studio album by famous Italian singer and actor Adriano Celentano issued November 10 2000 by label MSI Music Distribution.
 Mach 6 is the sixth studio album by MC Solaar. It was released in Europe in 2003 and in the United States on June 6 2006.
 Nest is a 1996 album by Odds. It was the band's last album until the release of Cheerleader in 2008.Someone Who's Cool was the album's most successful single peaking at #2 in Canada and top 10 in the United States. Make You Mad was also a top 10 hit and Nothing Beautiful peaked outside the top 40.
 19 Naughty III is the third album from Naughty by Nature released on February 23 1993 through Tommy Boy Records. Three single were released from the album the group's second top 10 hit Hip Hop Hooray as well as the minor hits It's On and Written on Ya Kitten.
 Seven is the seventh album of singer/actor/host Janno Gibbs. It was produced and released by GMA Records in September 2004.
 Mark Stewart is the third album by vocalist Mark Stewart released in 1987 through Mute Records.
 Dreams of Water is the debut album of the California/New York rock group Happy Body Slow Brain which was formed by ex-Taking Back Sunday guitarist Matthew Fazzi and touring guitarist Isaac Bolivar.
 Bayreuth 1 is the eighth studio album by Joachim Witt that was released May 4 1998. It marks the beginning of the Bayreuth trilogy and the beginning of Joachim Witt's industrial side.
 Subconscious Lobotomy is the debut album of Swedish death metal band Centinex. The album was received with generally positive reviews. The original cd version was only pressed to 1000 copies worldwide.
 Discover a Lovelier You is an album by Pernice Brothers released in 2005.
 Brasileiro is a 1992 CD by Sérgio Mendes which won the 1993 Grammy Award for Best World Music Album.
 Wild Horses – The Nashville Album is the seventeenth studio album by British rock band Smokie released on 25 February 1998 by CMC Records.
 Foster & Lloyd is the eponymous debut of the American country music duo Foster & Lloyd. Commercially It was their most successful album producing three top-ten singles Crazy Over You (#4) Sure Thing (#8) and What Do You Want from Me This Time? (#6). The other single Texas in 1880 peaked at #18 on the Hot Country Songs chart.
 Good Vibrations is a 1970 greatest hits music compilation by The Beach Boys released by Capitol Records.
 Del Doc & Mac (the cover actually prints the names and photos in a somewhat convoluted manner hence most discographies use the alphabetical listing) is the title of a recording by American folk music artists Doc Watson Del McCoury and Mac Wiseman released in 1998.
 Visions is a progressive rock album by Clearlight released in 1978 on Celluloid / LTM Records in France. (LTM Records is specified on the cover but the label says Celluloid Records.)Clearlight's final album set off in yet another new direction: while previous albums incorporated a new age element blended with other styles this one is primarily a new age album reflecting the emergence of new age music as a popular genre.
 Unplugged is a live album by English pop band The Korgis. It was released in 2006.The unplugged concert was originally only recorded for inclusion on the Kollection DVD in the summer of 2005 but was released as a proper album the following year.
 Adventures for 12 string 6 string and banjo is an album by American folk guitarist Dick Rosmini released in 1964. It is out of print in LP format appears never to have been released in CD format and has been available as an MP3 download since October 5 2010 (ASIN B004620SNC).
 Pitta (stylized as Vol. 8 - PITTA) is the eighth full studio album by South Korean singer Baek Ji-young. The singer stated that the album was named after a bird species known for its colorful plummage Pitta.
 Acoustic Cuts an acoustic album by guitarist/vocalist Richie Kotzen.
 Back to Basics: Live and Down Under is the fourth video release by American singer-songwriter Christina Aguilera. It was premiered on television at 10 PM on January 26 2008 on VH1 and was released for purchase on February 4 2008 by RCA Records. It accompanied her fifth studio album Back to Basics (2006) and included materials from Aguilera's Back to Basics Tour in Adelaide Australia from July 17 to 18 2007.
 Abandon is the sixteenth studio album by Deep Purple released in the Spring of 1998. It was Deep Purple's second album with Steve Morse on guitar and the last one with founding member Jon Lord.The album was followed by a successful 1998/1999 world tour which brought Deep Purple to Australia for the first time in 15 years.
 Alive is the second studio album by British singer-songwriter Jessie J. It was released on 23 September 2013 through Lava Music and Universal Republic. American rap artist Becky G singer Brandy Norwood American hip-hop artist Big Sean and British Grime artist Dizzee Rascal all make guest appearances on the album. Jessie co-wrote the album with Claude Kelly amongst a host of collaborators from both new and old.
 Transit Transit is the second album by Autolux released on August 3 2010 on TBD Records (USA) and ATP Recordings (outside of North America/Japan).
 Eight Songs for Greg Sage and the Wipers is a Wipers tribute album released on Tim/Kerr Records in 1992. The album was first released as a box set of 4 colored 7-inch records.Fourteen Songs for Greg Sage and The Wipers is the name of the CD re-release of the album expanded to include six additional artist covers.
 I Feel Cream is the fifth studio album by Canadian recording artist Peaches released on April 30 2009 by XL Recordings. The album was produced by Simian Mobile Disco as well as Soulwax Digitalism Shapemod and Drums of Death.
 Reggae Greats is a best of album by reggae artist Burning Spear. The album is subtitled Best of the Island Years 1975-1978 and was released in 1984.
 The Share My World Tour was a concert tour and the first major headlining tour in 1997-1998 by American recording R&B singer Mary J. Blige. The tour supports her multi-platinum album Share My World visiting cities across North America. The tour featured opening acts R&B singers Aaliyah in 1997 and Usher for her 1998 tour dates.
 Tennessee Firebird is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton recorded in 1966 and released on the RCA label.
 Set the World on Fire is the second studio album by American rock band Black Veil Brides released through Lava Records/Universal Republic Records on June 14 2011. It is the first Black Veil Brides album with Christian CC Coma playing the drums. He replaced Sandra Alvarenga after her departure to join the band Modern Day Escape.The title track Set the World on Fire was intended for use in Scream 4 but it was not included in the film. Instead an extended preview was released for fans.
 Jo in Nine G Hell is the debut album by The Hair and Skin Trading Company released in 1992. It is also the last album released by the Situation Two offshoot of Beggars Banquet Records. The album's unfortunate title is an anagram of the remaining three member's names (Neil Nigel John) following the departure of 4th member Richard Johnston during the recording.
 Alive at the Ladybug House is the second solo acoustic album from The Slackers' keyboardist/lead singer Vic Ruggiero. It was released in 2004.
 Montana Cafe is a studio album by American country music artist Hank Williams Jr. It was released by Warner Bros. Records in July 1986. Country State of Mind Mind Your Own Business and When Something Is Good (Why Does It Change) were released as singles. The album reached #1 on the Top Country Albums chart and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
 The tenth The Desert Sessions LP titled Volume 10: I Heart Disco was released in 2003 packaged along with Volume 9: I See You Hearin' Me in a gatefold 10 album format. In My Head...Or Something later appeared on the Queens of the Stone Age album Lullabies to Paralyze under the title In My Head.
 Rebore vol. 1 is a 2000 album by experimental noise rock band Boredoms. It is the first of three in the Rebore series and is a DJ remix by Unkle that contains samples from Boredoms' entire discography to that point.
 I Marinella tou simera… Se tragoudia tou Giorgou Hatzinasiou (Greek: Η Μαρινέλλα του σήμερα… Σε τραγούδια του Γιώργου Χατζηνάσιου; English: Marinella of today… In George Hadjinasios songs) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella.
 Everyday I Get Closer to the Light from Which I Came is the fourth studio album by the British post-metal band Jesu. It was released on 23 September 2013 via frontman Justin Broadrick's own record label Avalanche Recordings. The album attributes influences from post-punk dub and electronica. Its sound relies on a more sombre darker mood than the outlet's previous album Ascension which featured a shorter more guitar-led approach during its production.
 Nashville Jail is an album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen — their first classic lineup (Waller-Duffey-Adcock-Gray). Recorded in 1964 when the band was with Mercury Records the album was not released until 1990 by Copper Creek Records.
 Elektrik Inferno Live is the only live album by the band My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult. The album was released in 2002.
 We Live Here is an album by the Pat Metheny Group released in 1995 by Geffen Records. The album eschews the Group's Brazilian-tinged jazz for downtempo and world music incorporating a slick modern sound coupled with drum loops and sampling. This album shows a high level of collaboration between Lyle Mays and Pat Metheny having composed almost all the songs together except Episode d'Azur.In the 1990s the group embarked on a tour under the name of this album.
 Brother to Brother is the sixth studio album by Canadian singer Gino Vannelli. The album was released in 1978. The album featured I Just Wanna Stop Vannelli's highest-charting single to date in both the US and Canada where the single reached #4 and #1 respectively as well as the singles Wheels of Life and The River Must Flow.
 Mirrorball is a 1999 live album by Sarah McLachlan compiled from performances during the Surfacing tour in 1997-98. Most of the 14 songs are from McLachlan's two most recent albums at the time Fumbling Towards Ecstasy and Surfacing.The live LP was a commercial success entering top 3 on both Billboard 200 and Canadian Albums Chart.
 Beat the Devil's Tattoo is the sixth album by Black Rebel Motorcycle Club released on March 8 2010 in Europe and on March 9 2010 in North America. It is the second full-length on the band's own Abstract Dragon label in partnership with Vagrant Records and Cooperative Music Group.
 Cruise Yourself is the third album by the American post-hardcore band Girls Against Boys. It was released on October 3 1994 by Touch and Go Records. The track Kill the Sexplayer also appeared on the soundtrack album for the film Clerks released on October 11.
 El Patrón is the third studio album by Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Tito El Bambino released on March 3 2009 by Universal Music Latino. It was produced primarily by Monserrate with other contributions by Nérol Marioso Mambo Kingz among others.
 Invitation Songs is The Cave Singers' debut album recorded in Vancouver and released September 25 2007 on Matador Records.
 Sweat is the third studio album by American rapper Nelly. It was originally intended to be released on August 17 2004 before being delayed and released on September 13 2004 through Universal Records. Production was handled by several producers including Jason Epperson Midi Mafia The Neptunes Trife Jazze Pha Doe and The Alchemist.
 Nice Price is a fan club only release by Saint Etienne. It covers the band's entire recording history and contains demo alternative and remixed versions of previously released tracks.
 Around the Fur is alternative metal band Deftones second major label album released in 1997. The songs My Own Summer (Shove It) and Be Quiet and Drive (Far Away) were both released as singles with accompanying videos. The album was eventually certified platinum on June 7 2011.
 (the ep) is a 5-song EP which is the third release by Mike Kinsella under the name Owen. It was released on May 4 2004 on Polyvinyl Records.
 Pebbles Volume 6 is a compilation album among the LP's in the Pebbles series. Subtitled The Roots of Mod Volume 6 is the only album in the Pebbles series that features primarily British music. The Pebbles Volume 6 CD is not at all related to this album.
 The G Files is the sixth studio album by American rapper Warren G. The album features guest performances from Snoop Dogg Nate Dogg Cassie Davis and Blink-182 drummer Travis Barker.The first single entitled Ringtone was released June 8 2008. A second single entitled Crush featuring singer Ray J was released July 27 2008. Warren G has also leaked the well received Mr. DJ though later admitted that it would not be included on the album because he had forgotten where he found the sample.
 Carpe diem is Lara Fabian's second French album released in 1994.The album sold more than 250000 copies.
 Perfect 3 World Tour Live @ Hong Kong (移動城堡香港演唱會) was released on December 22 2006 and is S.H.E's second live album. The songs in this album are direct recordings from their concert at the Hong Kong Coliseum during their Perfect 3 World Tour. The live album also contains a Bonus DVD that chronicles S.H.E's five years in the entertainment industry.
 Back Down to One is the debut solo album by Jani Lane former lead vocalist of the American Hard rock band Warrant. Lane was still the lead singer of Warrant when this album was first released in 2003 featuring a band Lane assembled composed of guitarist Matt Cleary ex-Defcon bass player Mark Mathews and drummer Adam Mercer. The bulk of the album material would be co-composed by his erstwhile Warrant colleague Keri Kelli.
 The Greatest is the first compilation album from British musician Ian Brown current lead singer of The Stone Roses. It was released on 12 September 2005 and covers material from his first four albums plus two new tracks All Ablaze and Return of the Fisherman. All Ablaze was released as a single on 5 September 2005.The compilation was released in a single disc Standard Edition and two disc Limited Edition; the latter includes extended liner notes in book-sized packaging.
 Tiger Army II: Power of Moonlite is Tiger Army's second album released on July 24 2001. It featured London May on drums Geoff Kresge on stand up bass and Nick 13 on vocals and guitar. London May left the band before their next album Tiger Army III: Ghost Tigers Rise (he was replaced with Fred Hell).
 Cenotes is the second EP by post-metal band Giant Squid. It was released on October 25 2011 through Translation Loss Records. It comes two and a half years after the band's previous release The Ichthyologist and continues the story of that album's protagonist.According to Giant Squid's official website The middle eastern aesthetic that the band has embraced throughout its entire cannon consumes this new material to its core.
 The Pilgrimage is the sixth studio album by American rapper Cappadonna. It was released on November 15 2011. The album features guest appearances from Matlock Killa Black Chedda Bang Solomon Childs Inspectah Deck and Elite.
 Also known as Super Hits of the '70s: Have a Nice Day Volume 12 or Super Hits of the '70s Volume 12.
 Glamorous (TC: 艷光四射 SC: 艳光四射) is a Cantopop album by Denise Ho which pays tribute to recording artists of the 80's including Anita Mui Leslie Cheung Danny Chan Sam Hui etc. It was her first CD released by East Asia Music.
 Aporia is the first studio album by metal band Forever Never. It was recorded at Philia Studios through November and December 2005 and released on 20 March 2006.
 ワ -come on- is Lee Jung Hyun's Japanese mini album. The CD contains seven tracks all of which were previously Korean hits. The versions found on ワ -come on- have different lyrics as well as they are in a different language and the songs are arranged differently. The DVD which contains the PVs for ワ -come on- Heaven and Heavy world was notorious for having extremely low quality. This EP reached #38 in the Oricon Weekly Charts.
 O Marginal (In English: The Outcast) is the second studio album by Cássia Eller released in 1992.
 Parallel Lives is a 2009 album by the Japanese rock band Nothing's Carved in Stone released on May 6 2009. It reached No. 11 on the Japanese Oricon album charts.
 This 1998 tribute album features songs written by Hal David and Burt Bacharach. The idea developed by Kurt Lathy Christa Mitchell and Melissa Whebell was to have a number of Australian performers cover various David/Bacharach tunes among them: Regurgitator Rebecca's Empire The Whitlams Tex Perkins The Avalanches Dave Graney and Frank BennettBacharach has had his songs recorded by many artists. The track listing gives the original artist as well as the covering artist.
 Bruised but Not Beaten is the debut album of The Fisticuffs. It was released on March 17 2006.Several tracks are also known under working titles including “The Jig” (Bruised But Not Beaten) “Kerry Doon” (Coorie Doon misspelled on the original tracklist) and “Dave's Opus” (I Endure). The song “Man You Don't Meet Every Day” was recorded as a live studio track and originally intended to be hidden on the album.
 A Real Live Dead One is a live album by the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden released in 1998. The album tracks were recorded at different venues across Europe just before and on the Fear of the Dark World Tour.This album is a compilation of A Real Dead One and A Real Live One which were re-released with all the other Iron Maiden albums in 1998.
 Submit is an EP by the British band Pitchshifter released in 1992. Fitting somewhere between an EP and a full-length album it was the last album to feature Stuart Toolin in the band.While not as heavy as Industrial the album is still more intense than any later releases and is still firmly in the industrial metal genre with a sound that has been compared to early Godflesh.
 Blue Mosque is a double-CD album by Muslimgauze. The album was originally pressed in 1994 and repressed in 1999.
 Squeeze is the self-titled first studio album released by British group Squeeze. The album title was simply Squeeze in the United Kingdom but in the United States Canada Australia and other countries the album like the band was marketed under the name U.K. Squeeze to avoid confusion with similarly named American and Australian groups. The LP was produced by John Cale except for Take Me I'm Yours and Bang Bang (also the only singles released from the LP).
 In the Nude is the third album released by Luther Campbell. It was released on July 12 1993 for Luke Records and was produced by Mike Fresh McCray and John Swift Catalon. In the Nude was another success for Luke making it #54 on the Billboard 200 and #8 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. The album contained several diss tracks towards Luke's then rival Dr.
 Seven Up is the third studio album by German krautrock band Ash Ra Tempel and their only album recorded in collaboration with American psychologist/drug advocate Timothy Leary. It was first released in 1973.
 Ordinary is the tenth studio album by Japanese music duo Every Little Thing. It was released on September 21 2011 by Avex Trax.
 Teenage Fanclub Have Lost It is an EP by the band Teenage Fanclub released in 1995 on Creation Records. The EP consists of acoustic versions of four previously recorded songs one from each of their previous four major studio albums. The EP's title is an allusion to the fact that these songs are acoustic versions stripped of their usual instrumentation and amplification.The EP reached #53 in the UK singles chart.
 Natural Resources is a soul album released by Motown girl group Martha Reeves and the Vandellas in 1970 on the Gordy (Motown) label. The album is significant for the Vietnam War ballad I Should Be Proud and the slow jam Love Guess Who. The album marked a return from lead singer Martha Reeves recovering from a time in a mental institution after an addiction to painkillers nearly wrecked her (though it still took her until 1977 to beat her addiction).
 Invaders is a compilation album released by Kemado Records in 2006. The compilation contains many bands that are signed to the label as well as others bands in a similar classic/traditional hard rock/heavy metal vein. Some songs may have been unreleased or hard to find prior to the compilation.
 Third Ear Band was the second album by the Third Ear Band released in 1970. It consists of four improvised pieces Air Earth Fire and Water and is therefore sometimes known as Elements.
 This article is about Ice Cube's album. For the document concerning a person's death see Death certificate.Death Certificate is the second studio album by American rapper Ice Cube released October 29 1991 on Priority Records. Highly anticipated with over one million advanced orders the album was certified platinum in sales on December 20 1991.
 Silver 'n Brass is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Blue Note label in 1975 featuring performances by Silver with Tom Harrell Bob Berg Ron Carter Al Foster Bob Cranshaw and Bernard Purdie with an overdubbed brass section arranged by Wade Marcus featuring Oscar Brashear Bobby Bryant Vince DeRosa Frank Rosolino Maurice Spears Jerome Richardson and Buddy Collette.
 Greatest Hits Collection Vol. 1 is the first greatest hits album released by country music singer Trace Adkins. It was released on July 8 2003 and features the greatest hits from his first studio albums (1996's Dreamin' Out Loud 1997's Big Time 1999's More... and 2001's Chrome). Also included on this compilation are the previously unreleased tracks Then They Do and Welcome to Hell. The former was released as a single in 2003 reaching Top Ten on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.
 C-Bo's Best Appearances '91-'99 is a compilation of previously released songs featuring American rapper C-Bo. It was released April 10 2001 on AWOL Records. The songs originally appeared on other artists albums and compilations released throughout the nineties.
 On Fire is the second studio album by American alternative rock band Galaxie 500 released in 1989 on Rough Trade Records. It was recorded at Noise NY in New York City with Mark Kramer handling production duties. The Rolling Stone Album Guide called it Galaxie 500's best album by far.In 1997 Rykodisc re-released the album with three bonus tracks. The CD version of the re-issue also included the music video for the song When Will You Come Home.
 Wander This World is the third studio album by American blues guitarist Jonny Lang released in 1998 when he was 17. The album was recorded at Seedy Underbelly Studios and Oarfin Studios in Minneapolis and the Sound Kitchen in Nashville. This album produced Lang's first Grammy nomination. Lang recorded his 1st album at the age of 14.
 A Few Old Tunes is a rare studio-recorded IDM compilation album by Electronic music duo Boards of Canada. One of the three Boards of Canada tapes collectively referred to as Old Tunes A Few Old Tunes is rumoured to have been privately released to friends and family of the band sometime around 1996. Recently electronic copies of the Old Tunes cassettes have been leaked onto peer to peer networks.[citation needed]
 Modernity Killed Every Night is the debut studio album by The Wolfmen released in the United Kingdom on 1 September 2008.
 There's Hope is the first studio album by guitarist Marco Sfogli released on February 15 2008 through Lion Music.
 Love Beyond Reason is an album by Randy Stonehill released in 1985 on Myrrh Records. The album contained the hit single I Could Never Say Goodbye which was a duet with singer Amy Grant. Grant had recently become one of the biggest names in Christian music and had crossed over into the mainstream with her Unguarded album.
 The Lampinak is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It was partially included in the Merzbox.
 Ocean Roar is the sixth studio album by Mount Eerie released on August 29 2012. It is the second of two albums released by Mount Eerie in 2012.
 Brand New Morning is an album by American rock singer/songwriter Bob Seger released in 1971 (see 1971 in music). The album is a stripped down acoustic album somewhat in the vein of Bruce Springsteen's decade-later Nebraska. This album has never been reissued on a legitimate U.S. CD release by Capitol. This album also marked Seger's four-year departure from Capitol.
 Authenticity is the third studio album from the R&B/hip hop duo The Foreign Exchange. It was released on October 12 2010. All songs were produced by Nicolay while Fight For Love was co-produced with Zo!Guests on the album include Darien Brockington YahZarah Jesse Boykins III Zo! Chantae Cann and Median.
 Victims of the Age is an album by Mark Heard released in 1982 on Home Sweet Home Records. This album was listed at #32 in the book CCM Presents: The 100 Greatest Albums in Christian Music (Harvest House Publishers 2001).Heart of Hearts later became a hit on Christian Radio when it was covered by Leslie Phillips.
 20 Jahre – Live in Frankfurt is the fourth live album of the German rock band Böhse Onkelz. It was recorded on March 3 2001 at the Frankfurt Festhalle. The concert should have taken place on November 25 2000 the 20th anniversary of the Böhse Onkelz. It had to be moved because singer Kevin had a car accident a few days before the concert.The DVD was the worldwide first live album which supports Dolby Digital Surround EX (6.1)
 Frankenchrist is the third album released by the American hardcore punk band Dead Kennedys in 1985 on Alternative Tentacles.The album is an example of the progressive psychedelic side of Dead Kennedys' musical personality. The spaghetti western soundtrack influence is also noticeable in the horn parts and in East Bay Ray's atmospheric guitar work. Frankenchrist is noted for its relative lack of traditionally 'hardcore' material.
 The Black Rider is an album by Tom Waits released in 1993 on Island Records featuring studio versions of songs Waits wrote for the play The Black Rider directed by Robert Wilson and co-written by William S. Burroughs. The play is based on the German folktale Der Freischütz which had previously been made into an opera by Carl Maria von Weber. The play premiered on March 31 1990 at the Thalia Theater in Hamburg Germany.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album released by female music trio Wilson Phillips. It is the group's first official Greatest Hits album (some budget compilations had been released previously). The group broke up in 1993 and did not reunite for this release.
 Plitka poezija (trans. Shallow Poetry) is the Serbian punk rock band Pekinška Patka debut album released in 1980 by Jugoton. The album is the first punk rock album released in Serbia.The album was polled in 1998 as the 77th on the list of 100 greatest Yugoslav rock and pop albums in the book YU 100: najbolji albumi jugoslovenske rok i pop muzike (YU 100: The Best albums of Yugoslav pop and rock music).
 Anthem is an album by Black Uhuru released in 1984. In 1985 the album won Black Uhuru the Grammy Award for Best Reggae Recording. Produced by Sly and Robbie the album was 'resequenced and remixed' for the European and American releases by record company Island Records.
 Classic Masters is a compilation album by General Public released in 2002 (see 2002 in music) on Capitol Records.
 Remixed: The Definitive Collection is a 2010 compilation of remixes from Delerium's past single releases. Two new songs are included:Dust in Gravity (original and a remix) and a remixed new song Send Me An Angel.The album is mixed by Niels van Gogh.
 Dedicated to Peter Kürten is the fourth album by Whitehouse released in 1981 by Come Organisation (later reissued by Susan Lawly). The album is known as by its full title Dedicated to Peter Kürten Sadist and Mass Slayer.
 Covered A Revolution in Sound is a tribute album produced and released by Warner Bros. Records to commemorate its 50th anniversary as a record label. The album consists of some of the greatest hits from previous and current artists from the late 20th century while the songs featured on the album themselves are performed by current artists that are signed to Warner Bros. Records.
 Secret Voyage is the seventh studio album by the group Blackmore's Night. According to a SPV press release Secret Voyage is another kaleidoscopic musical journey through time and space incorporating and rearranging traditional melodies from all over Europe blending the old and contemporary.
 A Sideman's Journey is the first solo album by German musician and artist Klaus Voormann released in July 2009. Voormann is best known as the creator of the cover art for The Beatles' album Revolver as well as for being a much-in-demand session musician during the 1970s.
 Live at the BBC: 1967–1970 is a two-disc album by The Moody Blues. Released in 2007 it features numerous live recordings from various performances for BBC with all of the recordings were recorded between 1967 and 1970. Since the album features multiple recordings of some songs some songs are listed more than once.
 Son of God is the second studio album by American rapper Young Noble. It was released on November 13 2012 through Outlaw Recordz.
 Risen is the third album released by O.A.R.. Released in 2001 it was the first O.A.R. album to be produced by John Alagia. The CD debuted on the Billboard Charts Internet Sales: #11 and the Billboard Top New Artists: #66. Several of the tracks are re-recorded songs from previous albums.
 Jigsaw is the sixth rock album by British instrumental (and sometimes vocal) group The Shadows released in 1967 through EMI Records.
 Paris Moon is a long-form concert DVD/CD shot released by the band Blackmore's Night in 2007. This release celebrates the band's 10 year anniversary with a concert in the legendary Paris Olympia in 2006.
 Different Stages – The Best of Glenn Hughes is a compilation album by former Deep Purple Black Sabbath and Trapeze vocalist/ bassist Glenn Hughes. The album was released in 2002 on SPV records.
 Keeping Time is the second studio album by American actor singer and songwriter Paul Jabara. The album which was released on Casablanca Records in 1978 includes Jabara's song Trapped in a Stairway from the movie Thank God It's Friday his own version of the Grammy Award winning Last Dance (originally recorded by Donna Summer) as well as the duets Something's Missing (with Summer) and Take Good Care of My Baby / What's a Girl to Do (with Pattie Brooks).
 Mediterranean Tales (Across the Waters) is the debut album of German progressive rock group Triumvirat.
 Baby Teeth is the second album from the dark wave/post-punk band Feeding Fingers released on January 26 2009 (2009-01-26).
 The Road Home is a cover album by Jordan Rudess. It was released on September 12 2007.Rudess's arrangements of these classic prog tracks include many sections that were not in the original songs especially solos. Track 5 is the only original piece.
 Rebound is the debut album from American Idol Season 4 Top 10 finalist and singer Jessica Sierra which is due to be released in 2011 by Elite B Records.
 Pure is a 1989 studio album by the British band The Primitives released as the follow-up to their debut Lovely. The line-up changed slightly over the course of the previous year: Steve Dullaghan was replaced on the bass guitar by Paul Sampson who also shared the production duties with Wayne Morris. The first U.S. single from Pure was Sick of It which reached #24 in the UK.
 Dave Van Ronk in Rome is a live album by Dave Van Ronk released in 1983. It was released on the Italian label Folkstudio.The Dave Van Ronk discography states it was re-issued as From... Another Time & Place. The track list is the same.
 Minor Disturbance was the only studio release by the American hardcore punk band The Teen Idles. It was released in December 1980 through Dischord Records (No. 1). Comprising eight songs Minor Disturbance referenced a number of issues pertinent to the band from being turned away at local concerts due to their age (Too Young to Rock) to what they felt was the increasing complacency of many first wave punk bands (Fleeting Fury).
 People was the first commercial release by American rock band The Golden Republic. It was released as an EP in the US by Astralwerks on September 21 2004 (see 2004 in music).
 Purple Haze is the fourth studio album by Harlem rapper Cam'ron. It was released on December 7 2004. The release of this album was delayed several times from November 2003 the first single Get Em Girls was released a year prior to the actual album release. The album debuted at number 20 on the Billboard 200 with 123000 copies sold in its first week. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA.
 Behold the Lion is the debut album by American death metal band Woe of Tyrants. It was released on May 8 2007 and produced by Jamie King.
 Apple Venus Volume 1 is the thirteenth studio album by the English band XTC released in 1999. It was the first on the band's own Idea Records label through Cooking Vinyl and distributed in the United States by TVT Records.
 O Holy Night is the official debut Christmas EP by American child singer Jackie Evancho. The album was released on November 16 2010 only two months after Evancho rose to prominence as a finalist on the reality TV show America's Got Talent. Evancho was ten years old when this EP was released.The album was certified platinum in the U.S. and Canada.
 Selfafornia is the seventh album third released for free by alternative pop/rock band Self. The album contains the original toy version of the song Suzie Q Sailaway that was written on toy instruments for the album Gizmodgery. A non-toy version of the track was instead released on Breakfast with Girls. The album was released for free in 2000 and is still available for download at Selfies' archive.
 Intermission: The Singles Collection is a greatest hits album by Amanda Marshall.
 Quick Frozen Small Yellow Cracker is the debut album by Schwervon! a band consisting of Major Matt Mason USA and Nan Turner the latter formerly of the band Bionic Finger.The album was released on CD in the US by Major Matt's own label Olive Juice Music in 2000. It was later issued in the UK by Teenage Fanclub drummer Francis MacDonald's Shoeshine Records with 3 additional tracks.
 Shadow Cat is an album by Robyn Hitchcock released in England in 2008.This was released in the UK by Sartorial Records distributed by Cargo and is available in America thru Red Eye distribution. The set contains otherwise unavailable titles as well as an edited version of 'Statue With A Walkman' (63 seconds shorter and omitting the spoken-word interludes featured in the original).
 The Best of Friends is a compilation album (9th release) by singer/songwriter duo Loggins and Messina released in late 1976.It consists of 10 of their most popular and best loved songs in what is essentially a greatest hits LP.The CD release featured the same tracks as the original 1976 LP; Angry Eyes is still the edited version and no additional tracks were added to fill the CD to the 80 minute limit.
 You Am I is the ninth studio album by the Australian rock band You Am I released on 8 October 2010.The first single Shuck was premiered on Triple J radio on 17 August and released as a downloadable single.From 29 September 2010 the band's website is streaming the entire album.On 17 October the album debuted at #18 on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart.
 Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded is a reissue of Barbadian recording artist Rihanna's third studio album Good Girl Gone Bad (2007). It was first released digitally in selected countries on June 2 2008 by Def Jam Recordings and SRP Records. Released to mark the first-year anniversary of the original album Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded features three newly recorded songs and a DVD showing exclusive behind-the-scenes footage of Rihanna's worldwide tour Good Girl Gone Bad Tour (2007–09).
 Wavelength the tenth studio album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison was released in the spring of 1978. The album has a different musical sound than his previous albums leaning towards a pop sound with prominent electric guitars and synthesizers. Wavelength was Morrison's best selling album at the time of the original release.
 Stupid World Stupid Songs is a 1998 compilation album by the Dayglo Abortions.
 And They Came Baring Bones is the third album by American post-hardcore band Vanna. The album was released on June 21 2011 through Artery Recordings. The New Review gave it 4.5/5 stars and stated With every listen you hear stuff that you like that you hadn’t noticed before.
 Room to Breathe is the twenty-seventh album and twenty-third studio album by American country music artist Reba McEntire. Room to Breathe was released November 18 2003 on MCA Nashville Records and was produced by Buddy Cannon McEntire and Norro Wilson. Room to Breathe was McEntire's first album of new recordings since 1999's So Good Together and her first studio album of the new millennium.
 Toys Up is the third studio album by the Greek music band Matisse released in Greece in 2007.
 Frequency by Nick Gilder was released in 1979 on the Chrysalis record label.
 Western Skies is Roddy Frame's third solo album and was released on 1 May 2006.
 Hymned No. 1 (sometimes simply called Hymned) is the first solo album from MercyMe singer Bart Millard. The album features modern takes on popular Christian hymns. The album was released on August 16 2005.Millard has said that the album is inspired by hymns his grandmother Ruby Lindsey used to sing when he was a boy.
 Screamadelica Live is a Primal Scream live album and DVD It was released in 2011 for Primal Scream's tour for the 20th anniversary for the 1991 album Screamadelica. The performance was filmed at the Olympia Grand Hall in London on 26 November 2010 and was released on CD DVD and Blu-ray on 31 May 2011.
 All American Boy is an album by Rick Derringer released on Blue Sky Records in 1973. Joy Ride and Time Warp (not to be confused with The Rocky Horror Picture Show song) are instrumentals.
 Conquest is the 13th album by British rock band Uriah Heep. It was released in 1980.1979-80 was a period of change for Heep with John Sloman taking over lead vocal duties Lee Kerslake bowing out from behind the drumstool and main songwriter Ken Hensley ultimately leaving the band. Taken together with the commercial rock sound of the album this is the most contentious era of Uriah Heep's history with many fans believing Conquest is the group's worst record.
 Classic Ash is a 1977 compilation album released by Wishbone Ash.
 All In One is a 2007 album released by Whigfield her first music project in 3 years. This album serves as a Greatest hits album although all the tracks have been re-recorded with new sounds. It also includes two new tracks: Rainbow and Right in the Night the latter being a cover of Jam & Spoon's song. The track listing has been chosen by the fans. The album has been released as both a digital download and a physical cd copy.
 Music of Grace: Amazing Grace is a 2009 compilation album from Valley Entertainment consisting of fourteen versions of the hymn Amazing Grace.
 Luxury Liner is an album by country music artist Emmylou Harris released in 1977. The album was Harris' second successive #1 country album on the Billboard Music Charts although unlike the preceding Elite Hotel there were no #1 hits from this album. The highest charting singles were the #6 Chuck Berry cover (You Never Can Tell) C'est la Vie and the #8 Making Believe (originally a hit for Kitty Wells).
 Deified is the fifteenth album by Keak da Sneak. It features Too Short E-40 Daz Dillinger Lil' Keke and Paul Wall among others. Keak also linked up with infamous New York rapper Prodigy from Mobb Deep and The Alchemist for the CD's first single That Go. The song Super Hyphy peaked at #10 on the Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and #40 on the Rhythmic Top 40 chart.
 Up Close: Live from San Francisco is a live set of standards recorded at the Plush Room in San Francisco in December 2005 and released as an album in 2007 by singer Mary Wilson.
 Ska-Core the Devil and More is an EP by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones. It was first released in 1993 by Mercury Records. This EP includes one ska and three hardcore covers.
 Christmas is the name of the 2001 English-language holiday themed album by contemporary Christian singer Jaci Velasquez. The album was released under Word Entertainment. She toured in November and December 2001 to support the album.
 Supernova is the fifth studio album by Ray LaMontagne released by RCA Records on April 29 2014. The title track serves as the album's lead single.
 Strange Boutique is the debut studio album by English band The Monochrome Set. It was released in 1980 through record label Dindisc.
 Lie: The Love and Terror Cult is the debut studio album by American convicted criminal and folk singer-songwriter Charles Manson. It was released on vinyl on March 6 1970 by Phil Kaufman through a record label branded Awareness Records.
 Nothing Remains The Same is the 3rd album by the Swedish metal band Pain. It was released in 2002 on the Swedish label Stockholm Records and features the hit singles Shut Your Mouth(reached No. 14 on the Swedish single charts) and Just Hate Me(No. 47). The album itself reached No. 6 and remained on the Swedish album charts for 9 weeks longer than any other Pain album.
 Byrd's Word is an album by trumpeter Donald Byrd recorded in 1955 and released on the Savoy label.
 Footprint in the Desert is an album by Hugh Cornwell released in 2002. This album Cornwell's second lost album compiles rare and unreleased tracks from the mid-1990s that were not part of a record deal. It was recorded in Bath with James Kadsky who engineered the Wired album.The same year Track Records also reissued Cornwell's 1999 album Mayday on CD.
 Exit is an electronic music album released in 1981 by the German group Tangerine Dream. The first track features an uncredited Berlin actress chanting in Russian the names of the continents of the world and pleading to end the threat of limited nuclear war which was a potential danger facing the world during the late Cold War era in which the album was released. Exit reached No.43 in the UK spending 5 weeks on the chart.
 The First Family is a comedy album recorded on October 22 1962 as a good-natured parody of President John F. Kennedy both as Commander-in-Chief and as a member of a large well-known political family. Issued by Cadence Records it was honored as the largest and fastest selling record in the history of the record industry selling at more than a million copies per week for the first six and one-half weeks in distribution by January it had sold more than 7 million copies.
 Greatest Hits is a 2009 album by British singer Samantha Fox.
 The Champ is a Sonny Stitt album recorded at RCA's Studio B on April 18 1973.
 Fancy Dancer is the fifth studio album by American jazz flautist Bobbi Humphrey recorded in 1975 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Live in Minneapolis is a live recording of a Less Than Jake show at the Quest Club (now Epic Nightclub) in Minneapolis. It was recorded during their Fall 2003 tour in support of their album Anthem. This album is only available by downloading it on the Less Than Jake Purevolume page in 11 parts rather than individual tracks. Bits of the show also appear on the Less Than Jake DVD The People's History of Less Than Jake and the Special Edition of In with the Out Crowd.
 Spark is the third album from Norwegian singer-songwriter Marit Larsen and was released on 18 November 2011. The information was made available via Marit Larsen's Tumblr page. On 31 July 2011 Marit Larsen began to post information about her third album on her Tumblr. On 7 October 2011 she announced the name of the album and tracklist. The first single Coming Home had premiered on NRK P1 and on her Facebook page on 15 October.
 Modernism: A New Decade is an album by the band The Style Council. It represented a departure from the band's core genre of pop to a new one; deep house which was then being referred to as garage (as in Paradise Garage) music by the UK press. However upon its completion in 1989 it was rejected by their label Polydor which led to the band breaking up. It was eventually released in 1998 on the box set The Complete Adventures of The Style Council. A separate release was released in 2001.
 Bay Ja Cycle Tay (Punjabi: بے جا سائیکل تے) is third pop music album released and produced by Pakistani singer Abrar-ul-Haq. It was released after Majajani in 1999.
 Monkee Business was a 1982 singles and rarities compilation album of songs by the Monkees issued by Rhino Records. It was a picture disc reissue of an earlier limited-issue collection and Monkee Business was available in both LP and cassette formats. Several of the tracks were taken from Monkeemania! an Australian compilation that featured previously-unreleased recordings.The album is the first American Monkees rarities collection.
 Anugerah Aidilfitri is the special studio album by Malaysian pop singer-songwriter Dato' Siti Nurhaliza which was released on a week before Hari Raya Aidilfitri 2003.
 Burbujas was a Mexican album for kids released in 1979. Juan García Esquivel was commissioned to compose the music of a Mexican children's TV show called Odisea Burbujas which later landed on this album.
 I Cry is a 2008 EP by Rotersand.
 Car Fulla White Boys is the 2000 Haystak album released on Street Flava Records. The album was later rereleased on Koch International.
 dwightyoakamacoustic.net is the title of a studio album released in 2000 by American country music artist Dwight Yoakam. It features 25 of his songs recorded in an acoustic manner save for Little Sister which also features Pete Anderson on electric guitar. The album peaked at #24 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart and #195 on The Billboard 200.
 Weasels Ripped My Flesh is an album by The Mothers of Invention released in 1970. It is the second posthumous Mothers album released after the band disbanded in 1969 preceded by Burnt Weeny Sandwich. In contrast to its predecessor which predominately focused on studio recordings of tightly arranged compositions Weasels Ripped My Flesh largely consists of live recordings and is song-oriented.
 02 is a Studio Album released by Urban Zakapa. The lead single is I Hate You(Hangul: 니가 싫어). Pre-released track River and All The Same(Hangul: 똑같은 사랑 똑같은 이별) was landed at #2 in Melon Real Time Chart and Mnet Indie Chart.The album was nominated on 10th Korean Music Awards as Best R&B and Soul Album and licensed by Avex Taiwan as Taiwan exclusive version same as 02.
 Homemade Worship by Handmade People is the second studio album released by the Christian experimental folk rock worship band Rend Collective Experiment on 10 January 2012 and the album was released and published under the Kingsway Music label.
 Wild Opera is No-Man's third studio album which displays influences of art-rock trip-hop and dub influences that were developed from improvisatory writing sessions.
 Talkin' Honky Blues is a hip-hop album by Buck 65. The title reflects research Buck did into the early 20th-century blues style called the talking blues before recording the album.This album won the 2004 Juno Award for Alternative Album of the Year.
 Buckingham Nicks is the debut and sole studio album by the American rock duo Buckingham Nicks. Produced by Keith Olsen the album was released in September 1973 by Polydor Records. Buckingham Nicks is notable as an early commercial collaboration between Stevie Nicks and Lindsey Buckingham who later joined Fleetwood Mac.
 Songs of Love is the first commercially released solo record by singer/songwriter Mark Eitzel. It was released on Diablo Records as a side project while Eitzel was performing with American Music Club. The album was recorded live at The Borderline in London United Kingdom on January 17 1991 featuring only Mark Eitzel and an acoustic guitar.
 Edgar Winter's Entrance is the first studio album by Edgar Winter.
 Alt.music.hardcore is the tenth studio LP by punk band 7 Seconds. It is composed of the 1982 Skins Brains and Guts 7 EP (1-9) the 1983 Committed for Life 7 EP (10-16) and the Blast From the Past EP (17-18)
 Play with Your Head is a studio album by Candy Butchers released in 2002.
 Headless Heroes of the Apocalypse is an album of American soul music by artist Eugene McDaniels released in 1971.As with McDaniel's previous album this is not a typical Soul album which can even be seen by the cover image (a picture of McDaniels screaming between two warring samurai).This album dabbles in form between soul Funk jazz and even folk.
 The Heart of tha Streetz Vol. 2 (I Am What I Am) is the tenth studio album by rapper B.G. released on March 21 2006 on Koch Records. The first single from the album Move Around features former Cash Money Records artist/producer Mannie Fresh. Paul Wall Webbie and the Chopper City Boyz appear on this album. The album debuted at #6 on the Billboard 200 with over 62000 copies sold in the first week released. This is B.G.'s highest to the chart.
 GRITS 7 the musical group GRITS's Seventh CD was released on Gotee Records in 2006. The majority of the songs come from previously released albums heavily from the Dichotomy albums but there are three new songs: Changes I Try and Time to Pray.
 Blue Light Red Light a big band album by American artist Harry Connick Jr. released in 1991. The multi-platinum album features Connick's vocals and piano accompanied by his 14-piece big band.Connick wrote the music with Ramsey McLean writing most of the lyrics (except for track #4 Jill #5 He Is They Are #10 She Belongs To Me and #12 Just Kiss Me with both music and lyrics by Harry Connick Jr.).
 Behind the Blackest Tears is the second studio album by Kingdom of Sorrow a group featuring Jamey Jasta of Hatebreed and Kirk Windstein of Crowbar and Down. The album was released by Relapse Records.
 Morning Symphony Ideas is a posthumous compilation album by Jimi Hendrix released on July 25 2000 by Dagger Records. The album contains previously unreleased studio and home demo recordings. Keep on Grooving was later featured on the companion CD to the 2007 book Jimi Hendrix: An Illustrated Experience.
 Trucizna (Polish for poison) is an album released by Polish punk rock band The Analogs.
 Manteca! is an album by composer/arranger/keyboardist Clare Fischer released in November 1965 on the Pacific Jazz label. Following his previous album So Danço Samba devoted primarily to the music of Antonio Carlos Jobim and to the bossa nova in general with this his first devoted to Afro-Cuban jazz (even reinterpreting one of Jobim's compositions accordingly). Fischer also used the occasion to unveil what would become his second bona fide jazz standard Morning.
 Lucio Battisti vol. 4 is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Lucio Battisti. It was released on 21 October 1971 by Dischi Ricordi.
 Thru The Years is a compilation album of music by John Mayall released in October 1971 by Decca Records in the U.K. and London Records in the U.S.A. The album was the second compilation to be issued by Decca/London with Mayall's blessing despite the fact his contract with them had ceased. It features a mixture of previously unissued songs or non-album tracks that had only been released as singles. The album reached No. 164 on the Billboard 200. It was re-released by Deram on CD in 1990.
 Express Yourself is a 2004 (see 2004 in music) album featuring a jazz trio led by the Dutch jazz pianist and composer Erik van der Luijt.
 Waiting for the Morning is a 1986 pop album by Norwegian pop duo Bobbysocks. One week before the release date the album had sold over 60000 copies to record stores in Norway. Because of this Elisabeth Andreasson and Hanne Krogh were awarded a Gold disc on the release date. By the end of 1987 the album was certified Platinum for its 100000 copies sold in Norway.
 Mexican Moon is the fifth full-length album from alternative rock band Concrete Blonde.The music on Mexican Moon takes the gothic rock of their previous albums and adds more of a hard rock edge to it. Johnette Napolitano provided the vocals bass guitar samples and the album artwork and she was accompanied by drummer Paul Thompson and guitarist James Mankey.
 No Holds Barred is the second and last album by the American gangsta rapper Tweedy Bird Loc. A commercial for this album aired on television.
 No Pain — No Game is a compilation album by Belgian band Dive containing rare and unreleased songs recorded 1991–1993.
 Class Clown Spots a UFO is the 17th album by Dayton Ohio rock group Guided by Voices. The album is the second released since the reunion of the band's classic lineup earlier in the same year and it debuted at #12 on Billboard's Top Heatseekers albums chart.
 Raw Materials and Residuals is an album by jazz saxophonist Julius Hemphill featuring cellist Abdul Wadud and percussionist Don Moye recorded in 1977 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 Shadows is Spy Glass Blue's first full-length studio album. It was first released in May 1996 on Pinnacle Records. Its second release was in September 1997 on Organic Records.
 CompassionArt is a studio album by the songwriters' charity of the same name. It features the entire CompassionArt song writing team Paul Baloche Chris Tomlin Tim Hughes Matt Redman Darlene Zschech Israel Houghton Michael W. Smith Graham Kendrick Andy Park Steven Curtis Chapman Stu Garrard and charity co-founder Martin Smith along with several other collaborators. All proceeds from the recording will directly benefit charities of the song writers' choosing.
 The Ugly One with the Jewels (full title: The Ugly One with the Jewels and Other Stories: A Reading from Stories From the Nerve Bible) is the title of a primarily spoken-word album released by Laurie Anderson on Warner Bros.
 Time is the 16th studio album by British/American rock band Fleetwood Mac released in 1995. This album features a unique line-up for the band featuring the addition of former Traffic guitarist Dave Mason and country vocalist Bekka Bramlett daughter of Delaney and Bonnie to the line-up.
 Requiem for the Indifferent is the fifth album by Dutch symphonic metal band Epica. It was released on March 9 2012 in Europe and on March 13 2012 in the United States. It was the final album to feature original member Yves Huts on bass guitar.
 The Ewe and the Eye is an album by Mia Doi Todd released in 1997 by Xmas Records.
 Yours Mine and Ours is a Pernice Brothers album released in 2003.
 The Ellington Suites is the tenth studio album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington which collects three suites recorded in 1959 1971 & 1972 released on the Pablo label in 1976. The album won a Grammy Award for Best Jazz Performance by a Big Band in 1976. Ellington wrote the Queen's Suite for Queen Elizabeth II who was presented with a single pressing of the recording which was not commercially issued during Ellington's lifetime.
 Pensiamoci Ogni Sera is an Italian album by Dalida. It contains two of her best Top 10 hits in Italy : the #1 La danza di Zorba and Il silenzio.
 Kalimba de Luna – 16 Happy Songs is a compilation album by Boney M. released in late 1984. On the strength of two carbon-copy cover versions Kalimba de Luna (Germany #17 22 weeks - originally by Tony Esposito) and Happy Song (Germany #7 16 weeks - original version by Baby's Gang) which gave Boney M. their first Top 20 hits in Germany in three years this compilation was rush-released in November 1984.
 The Hits Album 6 or Hits 6 is a compilation that was released in July 1987 by CBS WEA and BMG in the UK. It was a successful album and reached #1 and achieved a Platinum BPI award.
 Book of Dowth is the tenth studio album by the German melodic death metal band Suidakra. It was released in 2011 on AFM Records.
 5 * Stunna (also known as 5 Star Stunna) is the third studio album by American rapper Birdman released on December 11 2007. The first official single was Pop Bottles featuring Lil Wayne. The second official single was 100 Million featuring DJ Khaled Rick Ross Young Jeezy Lil Wayne and Dre. The third official single was I Run This featuring Lil Wayne.
 Ghetto Guide is the debut solo album of rapper Saint Dog released on February 24 2004 with Suburban Noize Records.
 In Search of Manny is the debut release from New York City alternative hip hop group Luscious Jackson. It was released in 1992 on the Beastie Boys' Grand Royal label.
 Some People's Lives is the seventh studio album by American singer Bette Midler released on the Atlantic Records label in 1990.
 Keak Hendrix is a full-length album released by Keak Da Sneak on Dec 06 2011.
 Start. Stop. is a studio album by Swedish rock band Him Kerosene released in 1997.
 Strontium 90: Police Academy is a music album by Strontium 90 released by Mike Howlett in 1997. This album consists of live tracks recorded at Gong's reunion concert in Paris on 28 May 1977 five studio tracks recorded in London just before the concert and Sting's solo demo of Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic.
 Take Them and Break Them is a Japanese only exclusive EP by Finnish glam rock singer Michael Monroe released on April 24 2002. The EP features six tracks: two exclusive studio tracks and four live tracks and was released through the Japanese label Nippon Crown.Three of the live tracks: Where's the Fire John? Relationship Wrecked and Make It Go Away have previously appeared on Monroe's 1996 album Peace of Mind.
 Hope Is a Thing With Feathers is the fifth and final album by the Alternative Country band Trailer Bride. Its title is the first line of a poem by Emily Dickinson.
 Eudemonic is a 2005 studio album by the Steve Kimock Band.
 In the Name of the Father is the fourth album by the Dutch death metal band Altar. It was released in 1999 by Spitzenburg Records.
 Every Little Word is the title of the fourth album released by country music artist Hal Ketchum in 1994 (see 1994 in country music). It peaked at #31 better than his previous album on Billboard's Top Country Albums chart. Of the five singles released from the album Stay Forever was the most successful peaking at # 8 on the Hot Country Songs chart.
 Drill is the self-titled debut album by Drill released on March 5 1996.
 Masters of the Hemisphere is the first full album by the Athens Georgia based indie pop band of the same name. Though it lacks the elaborateness of their followup the heavily concept-based I Am Not A Freemdoom it still maintains the essential element of the band's indie pop songcraft drawing comparisons to R.E.M. among others.
 Halcyon Days is a compilation album by English band Strawbs. Although credited to Strawbs it does contain three Hudson Ford tracks and a Dave Cousins solo track (taken from his album Two Weeks Last Summer). The album was released as a 2-CD set in the UK and US. The US release has a slightly different title (Halcyon Days – The A & M Years) and a different track listing.
 Du soleil au cœur (meaning Sunshine in the Heart) is a French compilation album by Canadian singer Celine Dion released in France in October 1983. It's her 5th French album and 1st released in France.
 Limited Edition Tour EP features three new songs from Phantom Planet's new studio record Raise the Dead released on April 15 2008 as well as one b-side. It was released during their 2007 West Coast tour with Maroon 5 was available on tour and for order at the Fueled by Ramen webstore and is now available as a digital download. The Raise the Dead versions of the songs have some extra tracking.
 ¡Bastardos en Vivo! is a live EP album by Blues Traveler released August 29 2006. It contains live recordings of several songs from the band's album ¡Bastardos! plus a rendition of the Charlie Daniels Band's classic southern rock song The Devil Went Down to Georgia. In America the album was made available only via independent record stores.
 The John Byrd EP by the band Death Cab for Cutie was recorded live during their spring 2004 North American tour. It is named after the band's sound engineer John Byrd who worked with them during the tour. The album was the band's last release on the indie label Barsuk Records. It is only available in a limited number of record stores and through the record label's website.
 Odds or Evens is an album by Mike Stern released in 1991 through Atlantic Records. The album reached a peak position of number eight on Billboard's Top Contemporary Jazz Albums chart.
 On the Air is the sixteenth studio album by Billy Preston released in 1984. This album marks the return of Preston to music after his problems with cocaine and alcohol.
 Un P'tit Tour Et Puis S'en Vont : Live 1995 is a live album by the French progressive rock band Ange. It was recorded during the farewell tour of the original line-up. It was released in 1995.
 Nothing is the fourth studio album by American funk rock band N.E.R.D released November 2 2010 on Star Trak Entertainment and Interscope Records in the United States. On October 17 2010 the standard edition and the deluxe edition of the album became available for pre-order on iTunes.
 Welcome To The Underground is the second EP from female fronted industrial metal act Lahannya. It is the prequel to the band's second album Defiance. It is a concept EP which sets out to tell the tale of how the world is being controlled by the government and how anyone wanting to carry out an alternative lifestyle is forced into the shadows.
 Timber Timbre is the third record from Timber Timbre released January 13 2009 on Out of This Spark in Canada.It was later rereleased on June 30 2009 in both Canada and the United States and August 17 2009 in the United Kingdom on Arts & Crafts.
 30 Seconds of Fame is the fourth studio album from the alternative/progressive rock band byron. Released on 16 March 2013 at Palatul Naţional al Copiilor in Bucharest. It's the first bilingual album in band's discography - there is a Romanian version called 30 de secunde de faimă.
 C.O.D. (also known as Children of Doom) is the sixth studio album by Saint Vitus. The album was released in 1992 on Hellhound Records. This is the only album to feature former Count Raven vocalist Chritus Linderson. The band broke up shortly after this album but reformed with original singer Scott Reagers for their next album Die Healing (1995).
 Signs for the Fallen is the sixth studio album by the German melodic death metal band Suidakra.
 Honey Wheat and Laughter is the third studio album by Anne Murray issued in 1970 on Capitol Records. The album was only released in Canada. It contained work by among others James Taylor and Gene MacLellan; MacLellan's Put Your Hand in the Hand would later be a top-ten hit for the band Ocean in 1971.
 Holy Dead Trinity is a compilation album by the Polish death metal band Hate. Tracks 1–5 were recorded and mixed at Selani Studio Olsztyn in September 1998. Tracks 6–14 were recorded in the same studio in November 1997.
 Horndog Fest is an album by the American rock music group The Dirtbombs.As every Dirtbombs album sounds different this one was chosen to have a more punk rock sound.
 The Backyard is the second release by the American alternative rock band Miracle Legion released in 1984 on Rough Trade Records.
 Telescope Eyes E.P. is an EP of the band Eisley released January 25 2005 on Reprise Records.
 Yankee is the second studio album by Japanese musician Kenshi Yonezu and fourth original album release. It will be released on April 23 2014. Yankee will be followed by the first concert since Yonezu debuted on June 27 2014.
 Killing Joke is the twelfth studio album by Killing Joke released on July 28 2003 by Zuma Recordings. Recording for the album in 2002 marked the end of a six-year hiatus that began in 1996 and it was Killing Joke's first studio album in seven years. Produced by Andy Gill of Gang of Four the album featured long-time Killing Joke fan Dave Grohl on drums.
 Best Remixes Vol. 2 is a compilation consisting of remixes of the singles from Ultra Naté's second album One Woman's Insanity. This compilation was released on March 30 1999.
 Need ei vaata tagasi... (These won't look back...) is a 5-CD compilation by Estonian rock band Ruja. The purpose of this project was to release the whole of Ruja's works although many songs are absent from the compilation.Osa 2 (Part 2) contains the last 3 CD-s. It is preceded by Need ei vaata tagasi... Osa 1.
 Noël is a Christmas album by Joan Baez released in 1966. Working with composer Peter Schickele (PDQ Bach) Baez for the first time recorded an album outside the standard guitar-based folk format. (She would go on to work with Schickele on her next two albums both of which also featured classical orchestration). Unlike holiday albums by many other popular artists Baez included mostly traditional material avoiding more lighthearted or commercial fare in favor of a somber understated tone.
 Equilibrium is the sixth and final studio album by the American metal band God Forbid. The album was released on March 26 2012 through Victory Records.
 The Ground (released 31 January 31 2005 in Germany on the label ECM - ECM 1892) is an album by Norwegian jazz pianist and composer Tord Gustavsen recorded in 2004.
 Betrayed (Can't Trust Nobody) is the second and last album by the American rap group Nationwide Rip Ridaz released in 1998.This album introduced two new members of the group: Mac-11 and Duv Mac.
 Seen Between the Lines is a live Testament home video that was released June 25 1991 on VHS and re-released to DVD on March 8 2005.
 The Mystery of the Whisper (1999) is an album by The Crüxshadows. This release continues to include songs chronicling The Angel IV Cycle. The album was reissued in 2006 as a 2-disc version with the out of print Until the Voices Fade... EP.
 Blindspott is the self-titled debut album by the New Zealand Rock/alternative metal music group. The band licensed its release through EMI New Zealand. The album went platinum in New Zealand in its first week of release. It is now triple-platinum.It is increasingly regarded as a landmark representation of New Zealand music.[citation needed]
 The seventh The Desert Sessions LP titled Volume 7: Gypsy Marches was released in 2001 packaged along with Volume 8: Can You See Under My Thumb? There You Are. in a gatefold 10 album format. The song Hanging Tree was later released on the Queens of the Stone Age album Songs for the Deaf.This is the first release on Josh Homme's record label Rekords Rekords.
 Love Me Like You Used To is a country music album released by Tanya Tucker in 1987. Continuing the success of her preceding comeback album Girls Like Me the album produced three Billboard Top Ten Country singles with If It Don't Come Easy and the collaboration with Paul Davis and Paul Overstreet I Won't Take Less Than Your Love both peaking at #1 and the title track Love Me Like You Used To rising to #2. The album rose to #10 on the Country Albums chart.
 Born to Sing is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Connie Smith. The album was released September 1966 on RCA Victor Records and was produced by Bob Ferguson. It became her third album to peak at #1 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart as well her final album to do so.
 Newsboys Remixed is the first full remix album by Christian pop/rock group Newsboys which includes remixes of some of their most popular songs as well as some reworked versions of songs from their most recent studio album Thrive.
 Hi-Teknology³ is the third installment of Hi-Tek's Hi-Teknology series. Tek who made a name in the 90's via his collaborations with Talib Kweli and Mos Def has always used his albums as a springboard for budding talents but Hi-Teknology³ takes the tradition to a new level. The album is geared towards shining light on today’s most promising newbies with help from some yet-to-be-named veterans. via Babygrande Records. It also been released in the U.K.
 Soleil (also known merely as Jean-Pierre Ferland) is an album by Jean-Pierre Ferland released in 1971.
 Soul Food is the second and final album by Def Jef. It was released on September 3 1991 on Delicious Vinyl and featured production from the group DJ Mark the 45 King the Brand New Heavies and Devastatin' of Funkytown Pros. Two singles were released Here We Go Again and Cali's All That but neither made it to the Billboard charts.
 Silknoose is a CD-album by Muslimgauze. The release was limited to 800 copies.
 Taking Chances is the tenth English-language and 23rd studio album overall by Canadian singer Celine Dion released by Columbia Records on November 7 2007. It was her first new studio album since 2003's One Heart. Dion returned to the music scene after almost five years of performing A New Day... in Las Vegas.
 Fabric 32 is a DJ mix compilation album by Luke Slater as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 Galore Galore is the sixth studio album by alternative rock band Sponge.
 Open Heart Surgery was released on August 8 2000 by rock band Virginwool. The band signed to Breaking/Atlantic Records after initially beginning signed to Universal Records. The album was produced and mixed by Brad Wood.I Think Her Mother Loves Me was the first single from the album. A remixed slightly poppier version was released. Better for You was the second single and it too was released in a shorter radio edit.
 Behind The Player: John 5 is an Interactive Music Video featuring Rob Zombie guitarist John 5. Released on November 1 2008 by IMV the DVD features John 5 giving in-depth guitar lessons for how to play Let It All Bleed Out and The Lords of Salem by Rob Zombie and an intimate behind-the scenes look at his life as a professional musician including rare photos and video.
 Los Grandes Éxitos de Marco Antonio Solís y Los Bukis: Recuerdos Tristeza y Soledad (Memories Sadness and Loneliness) is a compilation album released by Marco Antonio Solís on August 11 1998. Recuerdos Tristeza y Soledad is also a song that was released from his first studio album En Pleno Vuelo. This compilation album of his greatest hits are from his first two studio albums En Pleno Vuelo and Marco along with albums from when he was with Los Bukis.
 Smoke Signals is an album by the hardcore punk band MDC. The original vinyl release appeared on the band's own Radical Records label in 1986. It was finally reissued on CD in 2001 on the We Bite label and distributed by Plastic Head. The album finds the band moving in musical directions outside of hardcore with some tracks featuring hints of classic and progressive rock sounds but it is still largely a punk rock album featuring the band's typically tight fast musicianship.
 The San Monta Tapes is a side-project of The Future Sound of London under the pseudonym Heads of Agreement described by them as Experiments in polyrhythmic. It is described as very unmelodic with sparse percussion loops thus an unusual experiment and departure from the usual FSOL sound. In the Freeze magazine interview Cobain suggests that the project is more Brian's work than his.
 Essential Yello is a compilation album from Swiss electronic duo Yello. It was first released in 1992 and also available as a sell-through video release (on VHS and later on DVD).
 Rock for the Rising Sun is a live DVD by American hard rock band Aerosmith. It was released on July 23 2013. The video chronicles the band's 2011 tour of Japan in the wake of the devastating earthquake and tsunami that struck the country earlier that year.
 Cupid & Psyche 85 is the second album by the British new wave pop group Scritti Politti.It remains the band's most successful album reaching No. 5 in the UK and was certified Gold by the BPI for 100000 copies sold. The album contained five singles three of which were top 20 hits in the UK. The single Perfect Way while not a major UK chart success was a surprise hit in the US reaching No. 11 on the Billboard Hot 100 in a 25-week run on the chart.
 This Ole House' is a 1981 album by British rock and roll singer Shakin' Stevens. The album was released in March 1981 in tandem with his current single of the same name. The album was originally released in October 1980 under the name Marie Marie alongside his then latest single (also titled Marie Marie) which was a No.19 hit but failed to chart. When This Ole House reached No.1 in the UK Singles Chart the tracks were re-issued on this album with the new title and the song added.
 Blind Dog at St. Dunstans is the 7th studio album by Canterbury Scene rock band Caravan. It was released in 1976.This album has a lighter feel than Caravan's previous releases shifting toward shorter poppier songs. This is in part because Pye Hastings became the major force on the album writing and singing on 8 out of 9 songs and also because Jan Schelhaas replaced Dave Sinclair on keyboards moving away from lengthy organ-based instrumentals toward piano and synthesizer.
 Drama is the ninth studio album by the British female vocal duo Bananarama. It features eleven newly recorded tracks along with a remix of their 1986 smash hit Venus (done by Soft Cell's Marc Almond) and a 2005 remix of their 1982 hit Really Saying Something an underground bootleg club hit produced by Solasso.Drama is a comeback of sorts for Bananarama members Keren Woodward and Sara Dallin and is their first album to be released in their native UK since 1993.
 Rematch is the first US-released Sammy Hagar compilation album. After Sammy left Capitol Records for Geffen in 1981 and after Rick Springfield had a hit with the Hagar-penned I've Done Everything for You this collection was released to capitalize on that momentum.The album was originally released as a 10-track LP but in 1987 Capitol re-released the collection on CD as Rematch And More adding five more tracks from the Capitol albums.
 Sons of the P is the second album by American rap group Digital Underground released on October 15 1991. The album featured two hit singles No Nose Job and Kiss You Back both of which were written by and featured the lead vocals of Greg Jacobs (a.k.a. Shock G/Humpty Hump) and the latter of which featured multi-layered choruses and background vocals sung by Boni Boyer who briefly worked with D.U. shortly after her stint with Prince's Sign of the Times/Love Sexy band.
 Back For Another Taste was the 7th Helix studio album and 8th album altogether. It was also their last album of their original Capitol Records contract. In a fall 1987 interview on MuchMusic with Erica Ehm lead vocalist Brian Vollmer jokingly stated that this album would be titled Blood Sweat & Beer.
 Iður til Fóta was a single released in 1981 by the Icelandic group Þeyr through Eskvímó and it was edited in 10 format. The title translates as Moving Your Feet but in Icelandic also forms a pun which can equally translate as Guts at Your Feet.This record was never reissued since the masters are believed to be lost. However in 2001 some of its recordings appeared in Mjötviður til Fóta a CD to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the creation of Þeyr.
 America's Sweetheart is the debut studio album by American alternative rock musician Courtney Love released worldwide on February 10 2004 by Virgin Records. Her first official release after her former band Hole's break-up the album's sound diverged significantly in musical and lyrical content to Hole's three previous studio albums: Pretty on the Inside (1991) Live Through This (1994) and Celebrity Skin (1998).
 The Singers And Harp Players Are Dumb is the debut album by Hwyl Nofio.
 Love War is a 45 record released by Hardcore Punk band Death Piggy in 1983. It's known as Death Piggy's most popular record with the largest amount of recognizable songs and fan favorites.[citation needed] It made Jello Biafra's list of best Punk rock albums for 1983.[citation needed]
 Where Blood and Fire Bring Rest is the third full length album released by metalcore band Zao on Solid State/Tooth & Nail. It was the first album to feature vocalist Dan Weyandt after the departure of Shawn Jonas along with new bassists/guitarists Russ Cogdell and Brett Detar. The album contains a sample from the film The Shining at the beginning of To Think of You as well as a sample from the horror film The Prophecy during the intro to Ravage Ritual.
 Birgit Õigemeel is the debut album by first Eesti otsib superstaari winner Birgit Õigemeel. The album was released on January 25 2008 by MTH Publishing. Four singles were released from it Kas tead mida tähendab... 365 Days Homme and Ise.
 Tomorrow the Green Grass is an album by the American alternative country and rock band The Jayhawks released in 1995. It peaked at number 92 on The Billboard 200 charts.
 King of the Road is the sixth studio album from California stoner rock band Fu Manchu and was released in 2000. The Japanese and European release features the track Breathing Fire in place of Drive. Breathing fire was on the demo version of the record which was sent to radio stations clubs and fans.
 BYO Split Series Volume II is the second album in the BYO Split Series featuring Swingin' Utters and Youth Brigade.
 Urban Knights I is a jazz album by Urban Knights which was released on GRP records in 1995. The album reached number 3 on the Billboard Top Contemporary Jazz Albums Chart.
 More Scared: The House of Faith Years is a compilation album by Californian punk rock band Swingin' Utters released in 1996. The album chronicles some of the band's material from before they signed to Fat Wreck Chords - it was released because these songs were difficult to obtain otherwise.
 The Blaze Game is the twenty-eighth album by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle. It is a collaboration with the American improvisation collective Sunburned Hand of the Man and is credited to Sunburned Circle. It was recorded live in Tampere Finland on 5 September 2006. The improvised recordings were edited together by Sunburned Hand's frontman John Moloney.
 Rock n' Roll Nights is the eighth studio album by Canadian rock band BTO released in 1979 (see 1979 in music). This album was one of three BTO albums that did not feature co-founder Randy Bachman. Rock n' Roll Nights is also one of the two albums from this band to feature Jim Clench formerly of April Wine. This album generated sales of only about 350000 copies though a single from the album called Heartaches managed to reach #60 on the U.S. charts.
 Call Me is an EP by heavy metal band Diamond Head and was released in 1982 by MCA. It was a single A-side featuring Call Me with Dead Reckoning as the B-Side. The French release was only available on 7.Both songs were popular in the band's live set. But only Call Me made it onto the band's 1982 album Borrowed Time. Dead Reckoning was later available on Diamond Head's 1987 compilation album Am I Evil.
 Days Of Innocence - The Ultimate Collection is a compilation album by the Australian rock band Moving Pictures released in 2000.The compilation — the band's first greatest hits album — consists of the entire original 1981 album Days of Innocence plus bonus tracks featuring the band's successive singles as well as several tracks from the band's second album Matinee.
 Christmas in My Heart is a studio album of Christmas music recorded by U. S. Entertainer Connie Francis. The album features popular songs of the season on the A-side and the sacred music of Christmas on the B-side.Christmas In My Heart was recorded between in August 1959 at EMI's famous Abbey Road Studios in London under the musical direction of Geoff Love and was released in November 1959.The album was repackaged with a new cover design and re-released in October 1962.
 Welcome to the Dollhouse is the second studio album by American R&B/pop group Danity Kane released by Bad Boy and Atlantic Records on March 18 2008 in the US and March 25 2008 in Canada. Danity Kane recorded the album in under five weeks while filming the second season of Making the Band 4 with fellow label mates Day26 and Donnie Klang first in New York City New York then in Miami Florida. It became the group's second consecutive album to debut at #1 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Where The Sun Never Sets is the fourth and final studio album by A Global Threat. It was released in 2006 on BYO Records. It is the most musically innovative of all their albums moving even farther from the street punk sound of their first two.
 Select is the second studio album by Kim Wilde released in May 1982.The first single from this album Cambodia was released in November 1981 and signalled a different sound from the Wilde camp with an electronic and synth sound different from The Enid sound of her last album. The songs were again written by Marty and Ricky Wilde and produced by Ricky Wilde.
 Finally Famous Vol. 3: BIG is the title of the third official mixtape by the American rapper composer producer and singer Big Sean. Released as a free online download it was released by Kanye West's G.O.O.D. Music and featured production from Sean himself his label boss Kanye West Clinton Sparks and No I.D. among others. The mixtape features several other artists including Bun B Big K.R.I.T. YG Drake Asher Roth Mike Posner Tyga and Curren$y.
 The music of the video game Final Fantasy XII was composed primarily by Hitoshi Sakimoto. Additional music was provided by Masaharu Iwata and Hayato Matsuo who also orchestrated the opening and ending themes. Former regular series composer Nobuo Uematsu's only work for this game was Kiss Me Good-Bye the theme song sung by Angela Aki. The Final Fantasy XII Original Soundtrack was released on four Compact Discs in 2006 by Aniplex.
 Heat In Here Vol. 1 is a collaborative studio album by Cam'ron and Vado it was released on May 25 2010. The album features guest appearances from Young Chris Gucci Mane and Felony Fame. The album debuted at No. 133 on the US Billboard 200 chart with first-week sales of 3700 copies in the United States.
 Derivative is the debut album by avant-garde metal band Celebrity Sex Scandal.
 Blue Box is a 1996 album released by ARIA award winning recording artist Kate Ceberano and was certified Gold. The album's second single Change was nominated for two ARIA awards in 1996.
 Johnny Winter is Johnny Winter's second official album released in 1969. UK CBS issued this as a nine track late -69 in both stereo and mono (S63619/M63619).This album may have been intended as a Quadraphonic album as a 4-channel reel was prepared but to this day remains unreleased.
 Bomboloni is the second compilation album and fifteenth album overall by Gianna Nannini. It was released in 1996 on Polydor Records.
 Legends of the Lost and Found: New Greatest Stories Live is the second live album by the American singer/songwriter Harry Chapin released in 1979 (see 1979 in music). It featured ten new songs plus live versions of six tracks from recent albums. The album was not released on CD until 2005 when the Chapin family acquired the rights to the music.
 Expedição (Expedition) was the first album of the Portuguese band Pólo Norte edited in 1995.
 Brenda That's All is the seventh studio album by American pop and country artist Brenda Lee. The album was released October 15 1962 on Decca Records and was produced by Owen Bradley. It was the second of two studio albums released in 1962 and spawned two Top 10 hit singles on the Billboard Hot 100 between 1962 and 1963.
 There's the Rub is the fifth studio album by rock band Wishbone Ash. It is the first album to feature guitarist/vocalist Laurie Wisefield who would be a major part of the band's creative direction for the next 11 years.The title is taken from Shakespeare's Hamlet; To sleep--perchance to dream: ay there's the rub.The track F.U.B.B. caused controversy because of the acronym's meaning (Fucked Up Beyond Belief) upon the album's release.
 Bird: The Complete Charlie Parker on Verve is a 1990 box set by jazz musician Charlie Parker. It features every extant note Parker recorded for the Verve label as well as his appearances at Jazz at the Philharmonic. Parker recorded for Verve primarily in the last five years of his life a period during which besides playing with his famous quintet he experimented with strings Afro-Cuban jazz and mixed chorus.
 This article is about an ambient music album by Synæsthesia. For the dictionary definition of the word see desideratum.Desideratum is the second album of ambient band Synæsthesia which was released in 1995.
 Live on Sunset is 3LW's first DVD. The DVD contains their hit singles No More (Baby Ima Do Right) and I Do (Wanna Get Close to You) as well as several performances from a Nickelodeon concert special from 2002 called Live on Sunset.
 Sher-oo! is the title of Cilla Black's third solo studio album released on 6 April 1968 by Parlophone Records. The album reached #7 on the UK Album Chart. The album was originally released in stereo and mono and has not had a complete CD re-issue.The lead single for the album project was Step Inside Love this reached #8 on the UK Singles Chart. An Italian language version of this song M'Innamoro with lyrics by Mogel was also recorded for the Latin market.
 Solntse (Russian: Солнце; English: The Sun) is Ukrainian singer Ani Lorak eleventh studio album. The album features Lorak's Eurovision Song Contest 2008 entry Shady Lady as well as its Russian counterpart С неба в небо. The album comes as a CD/DVD pack with the DVD featuring 5 videos.
 Seven is the seventh album released by the USA rock band Donut Kings released under the Catseyesoup record label. This is the first records to include Marty Irizarry as the second guitarist and fourth member. Dan Ryan is the unofficial fitth member playing Hammond Organ.
 That Sea the Gambler is a Folk album made by Gregory Alan Isakov.
 Voodoo is an album by The Sonny Clark Memorial Quartet which comprises John Zorn on alto saxophone Wayne Horvitz on keyboards Ray Drummond on bass and Bobby Previte on drums. The album was released in 1986 on Black Saint Records and features the compositions of hard bop pianist Sonny Clark.
 Wind & Wuthering is the eighth studio album by British rock band Genesis originally released in December 1976.Tony Banks has said Wind & Wuthering is one of his two favourite Genesis albums. Steve Hackett has also stated that he is very fond of this album the last Genesis studio album he plays on.
 In Concert is a double live album by the band Blood Sweat & Tears that was released in Europe and Japan in 1976. This album was remixed and released in the United States as Live And Improvised in 1991. This collection was recorded live at four different venues over five nights during the summer of 1975.
 Free is Rick Astley's third album released in 1991. It was his first album not to be produced by the noted production team of Stock Aitken Waterman. It gave Astley another hit single in the ballad Cry for Help which became a Top 10 in both the UK and US. Further singles Move Right Out and Never Knew Love were less successful. Free reached the UK Top 10 and the US Top 40 and marked the end of a successful four-year period for Astley.
 Dichotomy is the third studio album by metal band Becoming the Archetype. The album features guest appearances by Devin Townsend Ryan Clark a soprano named Suzanne Richter and Aslan.The Album is based heavily on C.S. Lewis' That Hideous Strength.
 Los Mejores Anos de Nuestra Vida: Greatest Hits is the first compilation of Spanish singer Marta Sanchez. Was released in United States on June 5 2001. The first CD includes the singles on the original version and the second CD it's a remix collection mostly from her previous album Desconocida. It sold 500000 copies worldwide.
 Miero (Outcast) is Värttinä's 13th album (10th studio album).
 Call Us What You Want But Don't Call Us in the Morning is a DVD released by Welsh rock trio Stereophonics. The DVD features all music videos from the band's first and second albums. It was released in 2000.
 Live in Sherwood Forest '75 is a live album by Gong recorded in 1975 but not released until 2005 by Major League Productions.Recorded at Nottingham University on November 25 1975 for live radio broadcast.This is Steve Hillage's last live gig with Gong.
 This article describes the 39th album in the New Zealand Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 39 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music 39 or Now 39 releases on 11 July 2012. The album is the 39th edition of the (New Zealand) Now! series.
 Rich à la Rakha is a 1968 studio album by Buddy Rich and Alla Rakha.
 A Rough Outline: The Singles & B-Sides 95 – 03 is a greatest hits and b-sides compilation album by English rock band The Bluetones. It was released on 7 March 2006 on Universal Records. Mudslide aside (which was released as an EP) the running-order of disc one mirrors the chronology of the single releases.
 Hoobastank (typecast as H∞bastank) is the first major studio release by rock band Hoobastank. The album proved to be the band breakthrough album. The album also proved to be the band's first album to use a post-grunge sound rather than a funk metal and ska punk sound that was use in their first independent album and their previous independent releases. It was released on November 20 2001 by Island Records. Three singles were released Crawling in the Dark Running Away and Remember Me.
 All That Glitters Is a Mares Nest is a live album by the English rock band Cardiacs. It is their third live album and was originally recorded in the afternoon in the Salisbury Arts Centre on 30 June 1990. In effect it is the soundtrack album to the live concert film Maresnest. All That Glitters Is a Mares Nest is technically the last Cardiacs recording to feature saxophonist Sarah Smith percussionist Tim Quy and keyboard player William D. Drake as band members.
 Change (御色なおし Oiro Naoshi) is the 12th studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima released in April 1985. The album comprises 9 tracks originally written for other singers including Kamome wa Kamome which has been known as one of the signature songs for Naoko Ken and Sparrow (Suzume) which became the sole top-ten charting solo single for ex-Pink Lady Keiko Masuda.
 Essential is a 1991 collection of hits by The Divinyls.
 yan zi (traditional Chinese: 孫燕姿; simplified Chinese: 孙燕姿; pinyin: Sūn Yàn Zī) is the eponymous debut Mandarin solo studio album of Chinese Singaporean Mandopop artist Stefanie Sun (Chinese: 孫燕姿). It was released on 8 June 2000 by Warner Music Taiwan.The track 很好 (Fine) is composed by Sun.
 Whigfield II is the second studio album by Danish artist Whigfield released in November 1997.Five singles were released from this record: Givin' All My Love No Tears to Cry Baby Boy Gimme Gimme and Saturday Night (Edit '97).
 To Know I'm Ok is the second album by the American singer/songwriter Terra Naomi She wrote all of the songs.
 The Cage is a 1982 album by British heavy metal band Tygers of Pan Tang released on MCA Records. It marked a move in a more commercial direction selling over 200000 copies and giving birth to two top 50 songs in the UK namely the covers of Leiber & Stoller's Love Potion No. 9 and the lesser known RPM song Rendezvous. It is shortly after producing this album that the band split for the first time due to tensions with their record company.
 Dismantling Devotion is the second full length album by Daylight Dies released by Candlelight Records in 2006.
 The Mole Show Live in Holland is a live album by the band The Residents released in 1989. This is the most easily accessible version of the Mole Show and it was presented live complete with narration by Penn Jillette. There are others (a picture disc release of a show at The Roxy for instance) but for sound quality and a good idea of how the presentation went look no further.
 Invasion of the Booty Snatchers is the second studio album by the P-Funk spin off group Parlet. Released in 1979 this was the final Parlet album to feature Mallia Franklin (on three songs) and the first to feature Janice Evans (on two songs). The album was produced by George Clinton and Ron Dunbar.
 Rainbow Rider is the third solo album by Mike Harrison most notable as a principal lead singer for Spooky Tooth. It was released in 1975 on Island Records. In addition to being part of Harrison's body of solo work the album is notable as containing one of the earlier and comparatively rare recordings of the Bob Dylan song I'll Keep It With Mine written in 1964 and recorded by Nico Fairport Convention and Marianne Faithfull among others.
 Gia sena kai gia mena (For you and for me) is a compilation album of songs written by Phoebus (music & lyrics) and Eleni Giannatsoulia (some lyrics) was released by Sony Music. It featured songs numerous Greek singers such as Sofia Arvaniti Katy Garbi Thanos Kalliris Dionysis Schinas Pashalis Terzis Polina Natassa Pantelidi Ntinos Vrettos Petros Kolettis and Lorna.
 Pursuit of Radical Rhapsody is an album by Italian-American jazz fusion and Latin jazz guitarist Al Di Meola released in 2011.
 Grace and Gratitude is the twenty-second studio album by Australian singer Olivia Newton-John. The album was released 25 August 2006 through the EMI (exclusively by Walgreens to benefit various charities of cancer) and re-released on 14 September 2010 through Green Hill Records as Grace and Gratitude Renewed. A pink edition of the original album also was released in certain territories with a two-track remix bonus CD.
 Errances for is the first full-length album by the French doom metal/gothic metal band Angellore. The title is French for 'wandering'. The album was first released as a digital version and later as CD through Dreamcell11.Produced by Angellore and Florent Krist it was mastered by Markus Skroch from the Kalthallen Studios (Germany). The layout and design is by Florent Castellani.
 The soundtrack for Doctor Who A Christmas Carol was released in the United Kingdom on 21 March 2011 and digitally in the United States on 22 November 2011. The soundtrack features classical music star Katherine Jenkins singing “Abigail’s Song”.
 Omar Rodriguez is the self-titled second solo album by The Mars Volta guitarist Omar Rodríguez-López and the first in the Amsterdam series (written and recorded in the city in early June 2005). Most of the overdubs and mixing were done on the road in September 2005.
 The Fall of the House of Usher is an opera by Peter Hammill (music) and Chris Judge Smith (libretto). It is based on the short story of the same name by Edgar Allan Poe. Hammill and Smith two of the co-founders of Van der Graaf Generator worked sporadically on the opera from 1973 until its first recording was released on Some Bizzare Records (the only instance of Hammill's work appearing on the label) in November 1991.
 Blue Songs is the second studio album by American electronic music band Hercules and Love Affair released on January 28 2011 by Moshi Moshi Records. The album features guest appearances from Bloc Party's Kele Okereke on the song Step Up and also includes vocal contributions from Kim Ann Foxman Aerea Negrot and Shaun Wright. The song It's Alright is a cover of the Pet Shop Boys' 1988 song of the same name originally recorded and released by Sterling Void and Paris Brightledge in 1987.
 Absolutely Free is the second album by The Mothers of Invention led by Frank Zappa. Absolutely Free is again a display of complex musical composition with political and social satire. The band had been augmented since Freak Out! by the addition of saxophone player Bunk Gardner keyboardist Don Preston guitarist Jim Fielder and drummer Billy Mundi. Fielder quit the group before the album was released and his name was removed from the album credits.
 CAB is the self-titled first studio album by the band CAB released on March 7 2000 through Tone Center Records.
 Ayamy (Arabic : أيامي ) is a studio album by Amr Mostafa and was released in 2007. It was his debut album at first it was a success but then he had some disputes with Gamal Marwan the owner of Melody Music because he sold his melodies outside Egypt without his permission Then the album stopped selling it contains 12 tracks All composed By Amr Mostafa
 From A to B is the debut album from New Musik released on April 18 1980. The CD version was first released on the GTO/Rewind label in 1996 with 3 bonus tracks. A digitally remastered version called From A To B...Plus was released in 2000 and contained 6 bonus tracks.
 Young Brigham is an album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott released in 1968.
 Tongue In Chic is the sixth studio album by American R&B band Chic released on Atlantic Records in late 1982. The album includes the single Hangin' (R&B #48).
 Glass Spider Live is an unofficially-released live album by David Bowie that was released on 23 October 2008. The album is a double CD version of the 7 and 9 November 1987 performances in Sydney during the Glass Spider Tour. These performances were released earlier on VHS and DVD as the video part of Glass Spider. The special edition of this video also contains a double CD recorded at a different show on the same tour at Montreal Olympic Stadium on 30 August 1987.
 Romborama is the title of the debut studio album by Italian electronic duo The Bloody Beetroots. It was released on August 21 2009. Some tracks are taken from earlier Bloody Beetroots releases for example Butter can also be found on the Rombo EP.The track Warp 1.9 reached number 23 on the Triple J Hottest 100 2009 the world's largest music poll.The track Butter was featured in a commercial for season 2 of MTV's Jersey ShoreTo date Romborama sold 2000000 copies.
 Día Tras Día is an album by Colombian musician Andrés Cepeda.
 All Pigs Must Die is an album by Death In June released in 2001. The first half of the album bears the typical later-Death In June Neofolk sound whereas the second half of the album has a much more chaotic experimental sound to it.
 Sirene (Norwegian for siren) is the fifth studio album by Norwegian Hard rock band Skambankt. It was recorded at Propeller Studios with Kåre Vestrheim as producer. The album is described as mature dark and heavy and at the same time more catchy and ambitious than before. The album made it to the 1st place of the Norwegian album charts in the first week after the release.
 Monday Morning Apocalypse is the sixth studio album from the progressive metal band Evergrey. It was released on the 24 March 2006 (Europe) and 4 April 2006 (USA).
 Book of Secrets is the second album from British progressive rock band Balance of Power. It was released in 1998. Book of Secrets is the first album of the band to feature Lance King on vocals.
 Flight to Jordan is an album by American pianist Duke Jordan recorded in 1960 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Funky is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label.
 The Loreli released in 1989 was the second studio album by neo-progressive rock group Quasar following the album Fire In The Sky. It was released on vinyl and CD. The USA release has two extra edited radio play versions of The Loreli and Logic.As with the previous album The Loreli consists of several epic songs longer than 10 minutes such that 5 tracks fill a CD.
 Cruel Sister was an album recorded in 1970 by folk-rock band Pentangle. It was the most folk-based of the albums recorded by the band with all the tracks being versions of traditional songs.
 My Passion // Your Pain is the fourth studio album by the melodic death metal band Callenish Circle.
 Amplified is Mock Orange's fifth album released in Japan in September 2000 through EMI. It consists of five songs each from two of their albums The Record Play and Nines & Sixes.
 Forever John is a compilation album of previously unreleased songs and alternate takes recorded 1969–1980 by American singer-songwriter John Denver. It was released posthumously in 1998.
 Legal is an album by Brazilian singer-songwriter Gal Costa released in 1970. The album returns to an accessible style following the experimental previous self-titled album Gal Costa of 1969. Legal is diversely influenced by psychedelic music blues and R&B.The album cover is designed by Brazilian artist Hélio Oiticica.
 Birth of the Sun is a 2002 album released by bassist Marcel Jacob. It consists of early recordings of Yngwie Malmsteen and his band Rising Force. Shortly after Birth of the Sun was released Yngwie released The Genesis an album featuring most of the same tracks but with Marcel Jacob's tracks redone.
 Arc Light is the second studio album by contemporary folk three-piece Lau released on March 30 2009 on Navigator Records.The album's bonus track is a cover of The Beatles' song Dear Prudence. The track originally appeared on a compilation issued free with Mojo magazine.
 Aziza Azeri jazz artist Aziza Mustafa Zadeh's eponymous debut was released in 1991. It was recorded in Ludwigsburg Germany. Around 700.000 copies of album was sold worldwide.
 View from Masada is the second studio album by rapper Killah Priest from the Wu-affiliate group Sunz of Man. Despite his well-known affiliation with the Wu-Tang Clan the album has no features nor production from any of the clan members.The Enhanced CD portion contains a video of What Part of the Game? with Ras Kass.
 Against da Grain is the debut album by southern rap duo YoungBloodZ. It was released on October 12 1999.
 Earthsick is an album by American alternative hip hop sextet Subtle. It was released after the success of their first album A New White in the underground hip hop community. It is a compilation of what the band considered to be the best of the four previously released Season EPs which are now out of print. Tracks 11 through 14 are previously unreleased material from a winter solstice session recorded the following year and are like the Winter EP completely improvised with no overdubs.
 Symphony Soldier is the second studio album by American rock band The Cab. It was released on August 23 2011 as the follow-up to their first album Whisper War in 2008.The album's first single Bad was released to iTunes on July 11 2011 and was announced by the band on July 18; a music video was later released.
 What We Did Last Summer – Robbie Williams: Live at Knebworth is a live DVD by Robbie Williams recorded between 1 - 3 August 2003 at Knebworth England as part of the Weekends of Mass Distraction Tour the second last venue on the first leg of the tour. The album is a DVD companion to the live album Live at Knebworth (also known as Live Summer 2003).
 The Works is a compilation album by The Wildhearts released on Rhino Records in March 2008. It is a comprehensive selection of the band's work from 1992–1996 including album tracks and EP tracks as well as several B-sides that had been unavailable for over a decade. According to the band's website this release is licensed but unofficial.
 The Captain and Me is the third studio album by American rock band The Doobie Brothers released in 1973. It features some of their most popular hits including Long Train Runnin'  China Grove and Without You. The album is certified 2x Platinum by the RIAA.
 Nemesis is the fourteenth studio album by power metal band Stratovarius released on 22 February 2013 through Edel AG. It is the first Stratovarius album to feature new drummer Rolf Pilve who replaced Jörg Michael in 2012. The album was first announced on the band's official website on 24 November 2012 with the track listing being revealed on 5 December 2012. A preview of Unbreakable the album's first single was made available on YouTube and was released on 25 January 2013.
 Strictly Diesel is the debut album by the American industrial metal band Spineshank. It was released on September 22 1998 by Roadrunner Records it sold 75000 units in the U.S.
 Back by Blockular Demand: Serve & Collect II is the third album by the Boss Hogg Outlawz released on September 2 2008 through Koch Records. The album served as a sequel to the previous years Serve & Collect.Serve & Collect II became the groups most successful album chart-wise peaking at number 47 on the Billboard 200 while also reaching the top 10 of R&B rap and independent charts.
 Mutant is the fifth album by Twiztid. Released on July 26 2005 it is the second half of the Man's Myth/Mutant double album released one month after its companion album Man's Myth.
 The Very Best of Rainbow is a greatest hits compilation album by the British hard rock band Rainbow. It features material ranging from 1975's Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow to their 1983 release Bent Out of Shape.The front cover comes from the inside of the first Rainbow album Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow and is actually a picture of Ritchie Blackmore playing with his previous band Deep Purple.
 Acts of God is the second studio album by the Indianapolis-based progressive metal band At War With Self.
 Prayers & Observations (released 2006 by the label Jazzland 2006) is the second album by jazz composer and vocalist Torun Eriksen. In ten new songs written by Eriksen she is once again joined by her loyal musicians. As her first release Glittercard (Jazzland 2003) was produced by Bugge Wesseltoft he again applies his trademark production to this album.
 Phunk Shui (pronounced funk ʂwèi) (AKA All Good People) is a 2002 rock album by John Oates who is best known as being part of the rock and soul duo Hall & Oates. The album was originally released on August 20 2002. The Phunk Shui CD was released four more times with bonus tracks added each time. On October 29 2002 a Japanese version added the bonus track Mona Lisa's Eyes (this version was released in the USA on May 20 2003 as All Good People).
 Another Perfect World (2001) is seventh solo album by music artist Peter Cetera and his sixth since leaving the group Chicago. Perhaps one of the most notable songs on the album is Cetera's remake of the Lennon-McCartney penned It's Only Love.
 Moody's Mood for Love is an album by saxophonist James Moody recorded in 1956 and released on the Argo label.
 Jaki Byard Quartet Live! is an album by pianist Jaki Byard recorded in 1965 and originally released on the Prestige label as two LPs and later reisued in 1992 as a single CD.
 Enemy Unbound is the third studio album by melodic death metal band The Absence.During the final recording stages of the album drummer Justin Reynolds suffered a car accident and sustained injuries to his back and neck. With upcoming tour duties on the way original drummer and founding member Jeramie Kling has been welcomed back into the fold.
 The Used is the self-titled debut album by American alternative rock band The Used. It was released on June 25 2002 and has since been certified gold in the US.
 Wasteland is the first full-length album released by the German band Atargatis through Massacre Records on the 24 March 2006.
 Jintara Poonlarp 21 is a luk thung and mor lam album by the Thai singer Jintara Poonlarp. First released on the Grammy Entertainment label it was the 21st album in her first series of recordings and her 21st original album.
 Kitsuné Maison Compilation 3 is the third compilation released by the French label Kitsuné Music. It was released on 11 December 2006. Pitchfork Media gave the album a mixed 6.0/10 review describing the tracks by Simian Mobile Disco Freeform Five and The Whitest Boy Alive as highlights.
 Blocc Movement is a collaboration album by American rappers Brotha Lynch Hung and C-Bo. It was released August 28 2001 on JCOR Entertainment. It peaked at number 10 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 79 on the Billboard 200.The album was originally supposed to be the Thug Lordz album with Yukmouth which was slated for a fall 2000 release.
 Why the Long Face is the seventh studio album by Scottish band Big Country released in 1995. (see 1995 in music).
 It's My Time is the second studio album by Jeanie Tracy. Released in 1995 it includes the underground club hit It's My Time. Other singles include I Found Love If This Is Love and the ballad Crying In My Sleep.
 Pictures – 40 Years of Hits is a compilation album by the British rock band Status Quo and was released on 10 November 2008.
 Countdown to Extinction is the fifth studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth released on July 6 1992 through Capitol Records. It was the group's second studio release to feature the classic lineup of Dave Mustaine Marty Friedman David Ellefson and Nick Menza with all of them contributed to songwriting on the album.
 Atlas: An Opera in Three Parts is a full-length recording of Meredith Monk's 1991 opera Atlas. It is the ninth album by Monk and was released in June 1993 through ECM New Series.
 A Dream is a Question You Don't Know How to Answer is the debut studio album by Canadian recording artist Jonny Craig released on August 18 2009 via Rise Records.
 I Want It All is the third studio album by American rapper Warren G. It was considered to be Warren G's best album since his 1994 release Regulate...G Funk Era. It features more well known artists than Regulate such as Nate Dogg Kurupt and Daz Dillinger from Tha Dogg Pound Mack 10 Jermaine Dupri and Slick Rick.
 Built to Spill Caustic Resin was an EP released by indie rock bands Built to Spill and Caustic Resin. The EP was less a split release by both bands and more a collaboration between the collective members of both bands. The liner notes list the line up as follows: James Dillion - Drums (Caustic Resin); Doug Martsch - vocals and guitar (Built to Spill); Tom Romich - bass (Caustic Resin). Shit Brown Eyes was engineered by Todd Dunnigan the rest were engineered by Phil Ek.
 Young Hearts is a compilation album by the Steve Miller Band released in September 2003 by Capitol Records. It is the first single-disc career-spanning compilation for the band including material from their earliest days through their latest (at the time) album.
 Rock is the second recorded work by the band Casting Pearls.9Track 3 Wastin' Time was re-used on their next release Casting Pearls.
 HopPo! is the self-titled album from Café Tacvba frontman Rubén Albarrán. The album consists of nine cover songs. These cover songs are Nueva Canción (or new song in English) Latin American folk songs written by South American social activists of the 1960s including three from Violeta Parra.Recording of the album was done in 2010 while Albarrán was on break from Café Tacvba.
 Like Hearts Swelling is a 2003 album by Polmo Polpo. This album is the first release by Polmo Polpo after switching to Constellation Records.The third track Farewell was played by John Peel on BBC Radio 1. Tracks 1 2 and 4 were remixed mainly acoustically for the album Plays Polmo Polpo Sandro Perri's first album under his own name.
 Tabula Rasa is Swedish heavy metal band Bloodbound's 2009 album. While not a concept album per se most songs tie in with the concept of tabula rasa have some connection with a literal translation thereof or have a lyrical foundation associated with literature mentioning tabula rasa.
 Tribe is an album by Italian jazz trumpeter and composer Enrico Rava's Quintet recorded in Italy in 2010 and released on the ECM label.
 Face Dances is the ninth studio album by English rock band The Who. It was released in 1981 on Warner Bros. Records in the US (it was the band's first release on that label) and on Polydor Records in the UK. It was one of two Who studio albums with drummer Kenney Jones who had replaced Keith Moon after his death three years earlier.Although some jeered at the album Roger Daltrey went on record saying he liked this album in a 1994 interview.
 Good Old Broadway is an album by saxophonist Coleman Hawkins which was recorded in 1962 and released on the Moodsville label.
 For Darkest Eyes is the first video release by death/doom metal band My Dying Bride. Created first as a VHS in 1997 then later being reproduced as a DVD in 2002. Live footage from Willem II The Netherlands in 1993 on November 3 the picture gallery and the live song Sear Me done in Simplon 1992 do not appear on the video version due to time constriaints of the old VHS format.
 Live at Newport II was the third live recording released by the Toshiko Akiyoshi – Lew Tabackin Big Band and the second release of music from the band's performance at the 1977 Newport Jazz Festival (following Live at Newport '77).It was reissued in 2006 on BMG Records.
 The Good the Bad & the Live is a vinyl box set by the American heavy metal band Metallica. It was released in 1990 with four singles and two EPs.
 Live on Broadway is a live album by singer-songwriter Barry Manilow released in 1990. The album was recorded at the Chicago Theatre in Chicago Illinois on December 2 and December 3 1989. The album did not reach an RIAA Certification.
 Balance is the debut album of the Dutch singer Kim-Lian. It was released on May 25 2004 in the Netherlands. Kim-Lian said the album to be a fun pop/rock album. The album spawned four top 20 singles being Teenage Superstar Hey Boy Garden of Love and Kim Wilde cover Kids in America.
 14 Friendly Abductions is a best of compilation released by Nina Hagen in 1996. All Music awarded it 4/5.
 Fear Love & War is the third album by the hip hop group Killarmy which was released September 11 2001 on Loud/Relativity Records. The album came three years after its second album Dirty Weaponry. Nearly half the album was produced by the group's primary beat maker and group member 4th Disciple with additional production provided by group affiliates Falling Down and Rebel Dainja as well as underground production duo the Infinite Arkatechz.
 Donovan File is a compilation album from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in the United Kingdom (Pye FILD 004) in 1977.
 The Look of Love is the fifth album by singer Dusty Springfield to be released in the US issued on the Philips Records label in late 1967. It gathered seven tracks from Springfield's British 1967 album Where Am I Going? with both the A- and B-sides of the singles Give Me Time/The Look of Love and What's It Gonna Be/Small Town Girl and became Springfield's final release on the Philips label in the US.
 Céline Dion en concert (meaning Céline Dion in Concert) is a French live album by Canadian singer Celine Dion released in Quebec Canada in December 1985. It's her 11th French album and 1st live recording.
 Mirror is fourth album by Graham Central Station released in 1976. The album peaked at number seven on the Billboard Top Soul Albums chart.
 Interkom Kom Ind is the third studio album by the Danish rock band Nephew. Four singles have been released from the album so far: Igen & igen & Science fiction & familien Mexico ligger i Spanien and Hospital in a live version featuring L.O.C.
 Best Concert: My Graduation is the 2nd concert DVD from Japanese pop singer Nami Tamaki. The DVD managed to become #8 on the Oricon Charts. It is so far the highest budgeted concert from Nami Tamaki featuring a large screen two stage levels and professional dancers as well as unique costumes.
 The Katie Melua Collection is a compilation album by Georgian-born British singer/songwriter Katie Melua.
 SAHB Stories is the seventh album by The Sensational Alex Harvey Band released in 1976. It features their hit single Boston Tea Party. The album was released separately on a CD but is more widely available on a 2 in 1 album the other album being Rock Drill. To view the remastered version see SAHB Stories & Rock Drill. This album features a cover of the Jerry Reed song Amos Moses. This album was re-released in 1984 on the Sahara Records label.
 Bon Jovi is the debut album of American heavy metal band Bon Jovi released on January 21 1984. Produced by Tony Bongiovi and Lance Quinn it is significant for being the only Bon Jovi album on which a song (She Don't Know Me) appears that was not written nor co-written by members of the band.
 Essex is the fourth studio album of singer/songwriter Alison Moyet. The album (although recorded in Liverpool) is named after the artist's native Essex England and includes the singles Falling (1993) Whispering Your Name Getting into Something and Ode to Boy II.Essex was again a source of controversy for the singer.
 Clayman is the fifth album by Swedish heavy metal band In Flames. The album was released by Nuclear Blast in 2000. Most of the lyrics deal with depression and internal struggles. The album's cover art is based on Leonardo da Vinci's drawing the Vitruvian Man.
 Candyass is the debut album of the Industrial rock band Orgy. It was released on August 18 1998.
 Freedom Song is a 1982 live album by Oscar Peterson recorded in Japan.
 Icon II: Rubicon is a studio album recorded by Asia band members John Wetton and Geoffrey Downes and is second in the Icon franchise. At the point of the album's release both Wetton and Downes were members of Asia following a reunion of the band's founding members earlier in 2006.
 Music is the third album by American singer-songwriter Carole King. It is a continuation of the style laid down in Tapestry. The album was released in December 1971 and quickly rose to the top of the charts. It features songs such as It's Going to Take Some Time (US No. 12 by The Carpenters) Sweet Seasons a No. 9 hit for Carole King and Brother Brother.Carole King: Music experienced immediate success and was certified gold on December 9 1971 days after release.
 The True Sound of the New West is the first EP by Swedish heavy metal band Mustasch. It was released in 2001.
 Disambiguation: For the fictional character see Tearju Lunatique.Lunatique is the name of the third studio album recorded by French singer Jenifer Bartoli. It was released on November 5 2007 and contains the hit singles Tourner ma page Comme un hic and Si c'est une île. The album topped the chart in France and was also a success in Belgium (Wallonia) earning a Gold certification.The music of this album was composed by Jenifer and her husband Maxim Nucci.
 The following is a list of compilation albums of songs recorded by U.S. singer Jo Stafford that were released between 2000 and 2009. They include material from her solo career and recordings she made with artists such as Gordon MacRae as well as her foray into comedy with husband Paul Weston as New Jersey lounge act Jonathan and Darlene Edwards.
 Castle (Chinese: 城堡; pinyin: chéng bǎo) is Taiwanese artist Jolin Tsai's (Chinese: 蔡依林) sixth studio album. It was released on 27 February 2004 by Sony Music Taiwan.
 The Inner Mystique is a second album American band by The Chocolate Watch Band released in 1968.
 Éramos 4 is the seventh album of the Brazilian rock band Raimundos launched in 2001 after the exit of the singer Rodolfo Abrantes. The disc contains basically cover songs of Ramones played live with Marky Ramone ex-drummer of the band.
 Anne Murray is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records on August 6 1996. The album peaked at number 10 on the RPM Country Albums chart.
 Crayon Angel: A Tribute To The Music of Judee Sill is a tribute album to Judee Sill released in 2009.
 The Anarchy and the Ecstasy is an album released by the World/Inferno Friendship Society on March 15 2011. It is their fifth full length album. Three members left the group between the previous release and Anarchy.Before the album's release many demos were available online. Jack Terricloth commented I couldn't care less about the demos. Songs want to be free.
 So Far So Good is a compilation album with selected tracks taken from the John Martyn album's Bless The Weather Solid Air and Sunday's Child.
 What If It's You released in 1996 is the twenty-third album from Reba McEntire. The album peaked at #1 on the Billboard country chart and #15 on the Billboard 200. It is certified 2× Multi-Platinum by the RIAA. What If It's You was the first album she did not use studio musicians relying instead on her touring band.
 Soldier on the Wall is the third and final album that was recorded by Alex Harvey after The Sensational Alex Harvey Band. This album was released shortly after Alex Harvey's death. In 2003 however the album was given a compact disc release with tracks being remastered from their original master tapes. However the project was almost abandoned when the second half of the album's original master tape couldn't be traced.
 The Jewel in the Lotus is debut album by jazz woodwind player Bennie Maupin recorded and released in 1974.In 2011 Ricardo Villalobos and Max Loderbauer used samples of The Jewel in the Lotus as the basis for the track Rensenada on the remix album Re:ECM.
 In the summer of 2008 At the Gates returned for a final tour. At the time these were supposed to be the band's final shows however as of writing in October 2013 the band have continue to play shows. This album was recorded at the Wacken Open Air-festival. A DVD from the same show The Flames of the End has also been released. The title Purgatory Unleashed is a line from the song Blinded by Fear.
 Someday This Could All Be Yours Vol. 1 is an album by the band The Paper Chase.
 Take a Look Inside is the debut album by The Folk Implosion. It was released in 1994 on Communion Records.
 The Reckoning is the first studio EP released by the American rock band Comes with the Fall.
 Taproot is a recording by guitarist Michael Hedges released on the Windham Hill label. It was a Grammy nominee for Best New Age Album.
 Gib Mir Alles is an EP by the German synthpop band Melotron released in 2002. Gib mir Alles is taken from the album Weltfrieden.Guitars were played by Daniele Lucci and Nico Lange.
 Re-Traced is an EP by the technical metal band Cynic. It is composed of four re-interpretations of songs from their album Traced in Air as well as one new song. It was released through Season of Mist on May 17.
 Doo-Bop was jazz musician Miles Davis' final studio album which would have marked the beginning of his turn to hip-hop-oriented (doo-bop being a portmanteau of producer Easy Mo Bee's short-lived New Jack Swing-derived doo-hop and bebop) tracks. However Davis died on September 28 1991 at which time only six pieces for the album had been completed.
 A Moment in Chiros is American heavy metal vocalist Lance King's studio debut album as a solo artist featuring the musical contributions of many of his friends contemporaries and business associates.
 Murder License is a seven-track EP by XINLISUPREME released in 2002.
 The Best of M People is the first greatest hits album released by M People in 1998. It has seventeen tracks ten top ten hits and three new songs the two top 20 hit singles: Testify and Dreaming plus a cover version of What a Fool Believes. A limited edition included a bonus live album with eight tracks recorded live at the Later... with Jools Holland M People special plus enhanced content.
 Encore: Live in Concert is a live double-LP by Argent which was released in 1974.
 Sausage is an independent demo album by the band Baboon. It was released on cassette in 1992. This version of Kamikaze is also on the We're from Texas compilation.
 For the book entitled Pawns in the Game refer to the page of its author William Guy Carr.Pawns in the Game is the debut solo album by emcee and Public Enemy member Professor Griff alongside his group the Last Asiatic Disciples which was composed of Jim Obie O'Brien B-Wyze (Robert L. Harding jr.) Patrick X (Sean Smith) JXL (Jason Wicks) and Life (Sean Peacock).
 Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album and fourth album by NB Ridaz. It was released on July 15 2008.
 Songs from Liquid Days is a collection of songs composed by composer Philip Glass with lyrics by Paul Simon Suzanne Vega David Byrne and Laurie Anderson. Glass began the project scoring lyrics by Byrne and then thought to collaborate with additional songwriters. On the project Glass said:The words come first. From these I fashioned a set of six songs which together form a cycle of themes ranging from reflections on nature to classic romantic settings.
 Twassa Feyi is the debut album of Lebanese artist Yara and was produced and composed by the man who introduced her into the music industry Tarek Abou Jaoudeh in 2005. Tarek composed her first single Hob Kbir for her and it met with relative success. The album has songs in the Egyptian and Lebanese Arabic dialects.
 Future Unseen was the first studio album for visual artist/musician Frankie Death and the music group The Photon Belt originally released on 7 Seater Records (Vocabularinist) in Sydney and Subversive Records in Melbourne Australia in March 1998.Frankie Death and The Photon Belt are separate entities who have collaborated for this unseen film soundtrack.Recorded at Apollo Studios North Coburg in Melbourne Australia.
 The Forcefield Kids is the official debut album from American indie hip hop artist Passage. It was released on Anticon in 2004.The album features contributions from his labelmates Sole Odd Nosdam and Telephone Jim Jesus.
 Feelings Are Good And Other Lies is the first solo album released by John Taylor of Duran Duran. It was released in 1997 on the DeMuzik labeland re-released in 2001 on the Revolver label with a new cover.Two songs on the album the title track and Always Wrong also appeared on the Neurotic Outsiders album but are featured as re-recorded versions with Taylor only.
 Choice Cuts is a Best Of album by Jackyl including three new songs.
 Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends often referred to as simply Viva la Vida is the fourth studio album by British alternative rock band Coldplay released on 11 June 2008 on Parlophone. The album was named after a Spanish phrase that translates in English as Long live life although it can also be taken as Live the life.
 Scouse the Mouse is a children's album released in the UK in 1977 that featured the vocals of Ringo Starr and others.
 Return to Heaven Denied is the second album by Italian power metal band Labyrinth. It was the first album to feature Rob Tyrant on vocals. On 2010 the band released a follow-up to the album titled Return to Heaven Denied Pt. II: A Midnight Autumn's Dream
 Dawn of the End is the tenth album by Runemagick. It was released in 2007 on Aftermath Music.
 Bird at St. Nick's was a live tape recording by Charlie Parker.
 Hiired Tuules (The Mice In The Wind) is the third Dagö album released in 2003.
 Treat is a split cassette shared between by Dutch punk band The Ex and Scottish ex-pat tour mates Dog Faced Hermans. The album was recorded live while the two bands toured Europe together and was released only on cassette in 1990.
 On Fire is the fourth album of the Italian heavy metal band Mastercastle. The lyrics of the album tell about metals. The instrumental track The Final Battle is a cover of the composer Chris Hülsbeck and the other instrumental Almost a Fantasy is a rock remake of the famous Piano Sonata No. 14 in C-sharp minor Quasi una fantasia Op. 27 known as the Moonlight Sonata written by Ludwig van Beethoven
 Not Obtain+1 is the first full length album from Japanese rock band 12012 along with Play Dolls. The album was simultaneously released with Play Dolls. Not Obtain+1 features many of the singles and distributed CDs released prior to February 2006.
 I Marinella se tragoudia tis Vembo (Greek: Η Μαρινέλλα σε τραγούδια της Βέμπο; English: Marinella in songs of Vembo) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. It was released on March 3 1980 by PolyGram Records in Greece and includes 12 studio recordings by Marinella in songs of the Songstress of Victory the popular Greek singer Sofia Vembo. This album was issued in mono and stereo. The stereo version of this album was released on CD in May 1994 by PolyGram.
 Alive in Eighty Five — also known as Alive in '85 — is an album by the rock band Kingfish. It was recorded at Sweetwater in Mill Valley California in 1985 and released by Relix Records as a vinyl LP later that year. It was released on CD in 1991.It is unclear whether or not Alive in Eighty Five was recorded live in concert. Although Sweetwater was a live music venue the album sounds like a studio recording.
 Wrongdoers is the sixth studio album by American metalcore band Norma Jean. The album was released on August 6 2013 and is the band's second release through Razor & Tie. It is the first album to feature guitarist Jeff Hickey bassist John Finnegan and drummer Clayton Holyoak. Wrongdoers garnered critical acclamation by music critics at such publications as Alternative Press Decibel Exclaim! and Revolver Magazine and sold 8340 copies in its first week.
 The Abbey Road Sessions is a 2011 studio album by Ian Shaw. [1]
 Universal Small Souljah is the fourth album from rapper Bushwick Bill.
 This article is about a Barbra Streisand album. For the 1988 debut album by Irish band the Hothouse Flowers see People (Hothouse Flowers album).People is the title of Barbra Streisand's fourth solo studio album which was released in September 1964. The title track was a newly recorded version of the hit song from the Broadway musical Funny Girl in which Streisand starred.
 Body Language is the ninth studio album by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue released on 10 November 2003 by Parlophone. Following the massive commercial success of her eighth studio album Fever (2001) Minogue enlisted a diverse group of writers and producers to aid in creating a new album including Cathy Dennis Dan Carey Emiliana Torrini Johnny Douglas and Mantronix among others.
 The Third Album is the third studio album by American actor singer and songwriter Paul Jabara. The album includes the single releases Disco Wedding and Never Lose Your Sense Of Humor. The Third Album whose title and cover picture paraphrases the Barbra Streisand album of the same name was released in 1979 on the Casablanca Records label and again features guest vocalist Donna Summer.
 A Remark Hugh Made is a studio album by Hugh Hopper and Kramer released in 1994 through Shimmy Disc.
 Hydra Beats Vol. 5 is an instrumental album by hip hop group and production duo The Beatnuts. It was released on July 7 1997 by Hydra Entertainment. It is the fifth of 14 instrumental vinyl albums released by Hydra Entertainment. It contains 12 songs all produced by The Beatnuts. No singles were released in promotion of this album.
 Through A Glass Darkly was the 1978 album by Peter Howell and the BBC Radiophonic Workshop. It featured six original instrumental compositions including Through A Glass Darkly - A Lyrical Adventure a 19 minute track which took up the whole of the first side of the record. Much of the music on the album leaned far more towards the prog rock of the 1970s than the previous output by the Radiophonic Workshop.
 Colourform is a music album by electronic artist Higher Intelligence Agency which was released in 1993.
 Slip is the debut studio album by American post-hardcore band Quicksand released February 9 1993 on the Polydor label. Omission and Unfulfilled first appeared on their 1990 self-titled EP. The album is included in Decibel magazine's Hall of Fame. Slip was well received by music critics and is now seen to be a classic in the Post-Hardcore genre and has influenced many bands
 Homeward Bound is an album by Harry Belafonte released by RCA Records in 1970.
 Hellos & Goodbyes by Buck-O-Nine was released in 2000 on Offramp Records and consists of fifteen tracks recorded at a live performance in Japan in 1999 plus five previously unreleased studio tracks. This album features drummer Jeff Hawthorne who became the band's permanent drummer in 1998 and bassist John Bell who joined the band just a few weeks prior to their tour of Japan. In fact Bell's first live performances with the band were on this tour.
 Wide River is the fifteenth album by American rock band The Steve Miller Band released in 1993. The title track was their last Hot 100 hit. It would be Steve Miller Band's last studio album until Bingo! seventeen years later (June 2010).
 Rapture in the Chambers was a 1989 album by Spirit.It was their first proper album since their 1984 album Spirit of 84 which had featured the entire original line-up. Their albums since that time had mostly consisted of archival releases. It was also their final album for an established label IRS Records.The primary line-up for this album was Randy Ed and John Locke.
 You Gave Me Love (When Nobody Gave Me a Prayer) is the 21st studio album & 3rd gospel album by American singer B. J. Thomas released in 1979.
 Holy Water is the ninth studio album by hard rock band Bad Company and their third with Brian Howe as lead vocalist released in June 1990. The singles on the album all received significant radio airplay. These included Holy Water Boys Cry Tough Walk Through Fire and If You Needed Somebody all of which charted fairly well. To date this is the last album by Bad Company to go platinum.
 Two of the Few is a1983 studio album by pianist Oscar Peterson and vibraphonist Milt Jackson.
 Electric Jewels is the third album by Canadian rock band April Wine released in November 1973. In a 2007 publication by Goose Lane Editions Electric Jewels ranked number 73 on Bob Mersereaus' The Top 100 Canadian Albums list.
 Fall to Grace is the second studio album by English singer-songwriter Paloma Faith. It was released by RCA Records on 28 May 2012. She worked on the album with producer Nellee Hooper who previously worked with artists such as Madonna Björk Massive Attack and Gwen Stefani. Fall to Grace features production styles crossing the genres of pop soul soft rock and R&B. The album was received positively by most critics.
 Non homologué was a 1985 album recorded by French artist Jean-Jacques Goldman. It was his fourth studio album and was released in September 1985. Goldman composed all the songs except Je te donne written in collaboration with Michael Jones. The album was recorded at Studio Gang by Jean-Pierre Janiau assisted by Olivier do Espirito Santo.
 Hide in the Pickling Jar is the seventy-eight studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the forty-eight installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series.The album was released as a digital version on February 7 along with the following installment Monument Valley. The album was released in a digital format along with two limited edition formats were announced to be released on March 7. The first format consists of 300 copies of an untitled white album signed by Buckethead himself.
 Maverick is the soundtrack to the film of the same name. It was released in 1994 by Atlantic Records. The album peaked at number 4 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 The Sound Inside is the second album of New Zealand band Breaks Co-op first released in 2005 under EMI New Zealand.
 Focus II (re-released as Moving Waves) is the second studio album from the Dutch rock band Focus. The album includes the hit Hocus Pocus and Eruption a 23-minute adaptation of Jacopo Peri's opera Euridice which tells the story of Orpheus and Euridice. Focus II was released in October 1971 to positive critical reception. It went on to reach the top ten in the UK US and the Netherlands.
 Studio Sessions New York 1963 is the fourth volume of The Private Collection a series of recordings made by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington for his personal collection which was first released on the LMR label in 1987 and later on the Saja label.
 Renaissance 3D by Faithless is a 3-Compact Disc Box Set of which each CD has a different theme. The first CD Studio includes remixes of both songs by Faithless (of which several were previously unreleased) and others. The second CD a mix CD called Club mainly contains uptempo dance songs. Both the first and second CDs are compiled by Faithless member Sister Bliss.
 Gangrene is the third album by Mirrorthrone. The song So Frail is featured in the video game Brütal Legend.
 White1 is the third album by Sunn O))). It was the most significant departure from their original style to date.
 Welcome 2 My Nightmare is the 26th studio album by Alice Cooper released in September 2011. Peaking at No. 22 in the Billboard 200 it is Cooper's highest-charting album in the US since 1991's Hey Stoopid.The idea for the album came about soon after the thirtieth anniversary of the original Welcome to My Nightmare album while Cooper was talking with producer Bob Ezrin who proposed the idea of a sequel to Welcome to My Nightmare.
 Ruins is the third album by melodic black metal band Artefact. It was recorded at Cox'In'Hell studio in 2007. The album was released on January 15 2008 through Rupture Music.
 Before the Poison is the 17th album by Marianne Faithfull recorded in 2003 and released in 2005.
 Myths of the Near Future Part One is the second album by Mo Boma released in 1994 through Extreme Records.
 Color the Cover (stylized as Color The Cover) is the second cover album by Koda Kumi following her 2010 Eternity: Love & Songs.
 A Casual Affair: The Best of Tonic is a compilation album of the band Tonic released in 2009. The album was released in conjunction with the band reuniting for a national tour from late 2008 to late fall of 2009. The album featured live versions of the songs Irish and Sugar in addition to an acoustic version of You Wanted More.
 The Fucking Hits is a compilation album by hip-hop duo The Outhere Brothers.
 Everything Louder than Everyone Else is the third live album by the British band Motörhead. The title refers to a remark repeated by Ian Gillan of Deep Purple on their Made in Japan live album: Could we have everything louder than everything else?. Recorded at a show in Hamburg Germany on 21 May 1998. Everything Louder than Everyone Else is produced 'undubbed' in a two disc format. It was first released as a digipak version later followed by a slimline 2CD jewel-case run.
 Pretest is an album by progressive rock band Dysrhythmia. It is their third full-length overall and their first release on Relapse Records.
 Damita Jo is the eighth studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson. It was released on March 30 2004 by Virgin Records. The album takes its title from Jackson's middle name. Its music incorporates rock electro house and hip hop styles in addition to dance-pop and R&B. Its concept is based on Jackson's alternate personalities; exploring themes involving intimacy monogamy love and dance.
 Caramelos de Cianuro is the fifth studio album from the Venezuelan Latin rock band Caramelos de Cianuro.
 Five Feet High and Rising is a compilation album of songs performed by country singer Johnny Cash released in 1974 on Columbia Records.The album is made of songs from the 1960s up to the album Junkie and the Juicehead Minus Me. It rose to #33 on the Billboard Album chart.The song of the same name was referenced by De La Soul with the title Three Feet High and Rising for their 1989 debut album.
 Against All Odds: Music from the Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the 1984 film Against All Odds. The album includes the original score by Larry Carlton as well as several tracks by artists popular at the time of the film's release. Best known of the tracks is Against All Odds (Take a Look at Me Now) a Phil Collins single which topped the Billboard Hot 100 song chart and became Collins's first American number one song.
 Comfortable Swagg is the seventh studio album by Jon B it was released on Valentine's Day February 14 2012. The album has spawned two singles and videos one for the title track and Only One. The album is notable for being the first recording that Jon B. has done without marketing promotion and distribution from a major label.
 Cheer Up is the only studio album by Plexi released on Sub Pop on October 8 1996.
 Some Lessons: The Bedroom Sessions is the first EP recorded by singer-songwriter Melody Gardot.
 Genesis Live 1973–2007 is a box set by Genesis which includes all of their live albums except Live Over Europe 2007. Genesis Live and its bonus tracks Seconds Out and Live at the Rainbow 1973 all include bonus DVDs which feature their respective albums in 5.1 Surround Sound. Three Sides Live and The Way We Walk are included on stereo CDs only. Unlike previous Genesis box sets this box set does not have any version which includes SACDs.
 Charade is the thirteenth studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Alice released in late 1995 on WEA/Warner Music.After a three-year-long artistic and legal dispute with her label EMI Music Alice signed with WEA in 1995 and then released her first studio album since 1992's Mezzogiorno sulle Alpi the both musically and lyrically introspective and contemplative Charade featuring contributions from musicians such as King Crimson's Trey Gunn several tracks with British improvisational solo violinist Stuart Gordon and acoustic tracks with the American/Belgian/Japanese California Guitar Trio. 
 Open Hostility is the seventh studio album by Canadian speed/thrash metal band Razor.
 The Saxophones of Sonny Stitt is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1958 and originally released on the Roost label.
 Random (02) is a remix album by Gary Numan released in 1998 on Beggars Banquet records as a companion album to the Random covers album of the preceding year. It contains new remixes in techno and house music styles by several club DJ's and mixers and was also released as a four LP set. These four vinyl LPs were again released separately as limited edition 12 singles on red (Random 2.1) green (Random 2.2) blue (Random 2.3) and clear (Random 2.4) vinyl.
 Don't Stop a Rockin' is the second album released by Ace Troubleshooter.It is out of print but the tracks are available for download on the official Ace Troubleshooter website on the discography page.
 Anticomp Folkilation is a 2-CD compilation album featuring a variety of artists from New York's antifolk scene.
 13th Faces of Death was an album released by the death metal band Embalmer on October 13 2006. It was the band's first and only full-length album. A number of songs including Rotten Body Fluids There Was Blood Everywhere and Into the Oven were re-recorded for this full-length album.Reviews were generally positive such as one from CD Baby that claimed that 13 Faces Of Death is guaranteed to peel back your face.
 Little Miss Carriage! is an EP by Didjits released on October 2 1992 through Touch and Go Records.
 Charlie Sexton released in 1989 is the second studio album released by singer/guitarist Charlie Sexton.
 Life is a Big Holiday For Us is the second album by Brazilian rock band Black Drawing Chalks. The record was produced by Fabrício Nobre Gustavo Vasquez and Eduardo Ramos (former manager of Cansei de Ser Sexy). The track My Favorite Way become the band's first big hit and its video was featured on MTV Brasil being nominated to MTV VMB 2009. The album was made available for free download.
 Sammi X Live '96 (traditional Chinese: 鄭秀文X空間演唱會 1996) is a live concert album released by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded at the Hong Kong Coliseum during her Deep Passion Tour.This concert features her hit Ｘ派對. She also sang romantic songs featuring 薩拉熱窩的羅密歐與茱麗葉 and 娃娃看天下. This concert features her signature Nike eyebrow and the red rose. She also sang an English song called Crying and covered Andy Hui's 唯獨你是不可取替.
 White Chalk is the seventh studio album by English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey released on 24 September 2007 on Island Records.Work on the album started in 2006 with producer Flood and John Parish who also worked on her To Bring You My Love and Is This Desire? albums. Other collaborators on White Chalk are Eric Drew Feldman and Jim White from Dirty Three.The first single to be released from White Chalk was When Under Ether on 17 September 2007 on digital download and 7 vinyl.
 Dylan Jazz is an instrumental jazz album of Bob Dylan songs featuring Glen Campbell on guitar and Jim Horn on saxophone and flute released in 1965.
 Digital III at Montreux is a 1979 live album featuring a compilation of performances by Ella Fitzgerald Count Basie Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen Joe Pass and Ray Brown recorded at the 1979 Montreux Jazz Festival. It was produced and has liner notes by Norman Granz the cover photo is byPhil Stern.This is one of four albums featuring Fitzgerald at the Montreux Jazz Festival and is Fitzgerald's third Montreux appearance to be released on record.
 Tour 2003 is a live album by Ringo Starr and was released in 2004. After releasing Ringo Rama in 2003 Starr embarked once more with his All-Starr Band and its ever-changing collective of musicians that summer.The performance included here is from the opening night of his tour at the Casino Rama just outside Toronto Ontario in Canada. Despite this the CD booklet for Tour 2003 confusingly carries a review for a later August show in Detroit.
 At Dawn In Rivendell is the third album by the Danish group The Tolkien Ensemble. It features songs composed to the lyrics found in J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings and forms the third part of what was to become a complete musical interpretation of all poems and songs in the book. It is also the first album to feature actor Christopher Lee reciting the spoken poems - something that brought the ensemble to the attention of many internationally.
 Fire It Up is the sixth official album from the Kottonmouth Kings. It was released on April 20 2004 (4/20) containing a bonus DVD titled Down 4 tha Krown which contained interviews and videos. The album peaked at #42 on the Billboard 200 chart during the week of May 8 2004. Other chart success include the album peaking #4 on the Top Independent Albums and #42 on the Top Internet Albums.The album's 12th track Johnny's Gotta Problem is a cover of D.I.
 The Fox & the Hounds is an album by saxophonist Eddie Lockjaw Davis fronting a big band recorded in 1967 for the RCA Victor label.
 Noizhead is a live album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The same European tour also produced the live album Mort Aux Vaches: Locomotive Breath.
 If That's What It Takes is the name of Michael McDonald's debut solo album released in 1982.
 Untitled Nov 1989 is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow.
 Bigger and Blackerer: a 2010 album and DVD that stars American stand-up comedian David Cross. The album's title plays on Chris Rock's comedy album Bigger & Blacker and the cover plays off of the popular art form of painting on black velvet such as Velvet Elvis (and is reminiscent of the Ray Charles album Ray Charles Greatest Hits). Cross taped and recorded the album during two shows at the Wilbur Theatre in Boston.
 The Attraction to All Things Uncertain is the first solo effort from Tweaker a.k.a. Chris Vrenna former member of Nine Inch Nails. Featuring vocals by David Sylvian Will Oldham and Shudder to Think's Craig Wedren.The track Microsize Boy was offered to the ACIDplanet community for remixing as a part of the Tweaker Remix contest.
 Try a Little Kindness is the sixteenth album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1970.
 Tyrant is the twenty-fourth album by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle. It was issued as a limited edition CD by Southern Records as part of their Latitudes series in 2006 and re-issued as a double-vinyl LP in 2008. Like other releases in the Latitudes series it was recorded and mixed in one day. It comprises three long improvised tracks.
 Rock And Roll Volume 2. is a 12 vinyl album by Gene Summers and five other artists. This was the first album ever released on Summers. It was issued in 1973 on the Collector Records imprint a re-issue label located in the Netherlands. It is not available on CD.
 Gravity Pulls was the fifth and final album by English alternative rock band Echobelly. No singles were released from the record.
 Fistful of Metal is the debut album by American thrash metal band Anthrax released in January 1984 by Megaforce Records in the US and Music for Nations internationally. It includes a cover of Alice Cooper's I'm Eighteen. This is the band's only album to feature Neil Turbin on vocals and Dan Lilker on bass.
 Living in Skin is the first album that Jason Harrod recorded as a solo artist.
 Artifacts II: 1989–1994 (2008) is the second collection of previously unreleased demos by Acumen Nation recorded at various home studios from 1989–1994 with new EQ and mastering. The collection features material originally performed as Acumen Nation and later for the DJ? Acucrack debut only to be discarded. The album celebrates the band's roots in the WaxTrax! era dedicated to the memory of Jim Nash.
 Untrue is the second studio album by British electronic music producer Burial. Released on 5 November 2007 through Hyperdub the album was produced by Burial from 2006 to 2007 using digital audio editing software. Whilst retaining several elements of his past work including his debut album Burial (2006) Untrue marked a development in Burial's sound through its more prominent utilisation of pitch-shifted and time-stretched vocal samples.
 Graffiti is the third studio album by American R&B and pop recording artist Chris Brown. It is the follow-up to his successful second album Exclusive (2007). The album was produced during 2008 to 2009 by several record producers including Polow Da Don Swizz Beatz The Runners and Brian Kennedy. Primarily an R&B and pop outing Graffiti incorporates elements of electropop and hip hop music with synthesizers and electronic-influenced beats.The album debuted at number seven on the U.S.
 Pretty Scary Silver Fairy is the second studio album by Norwegian recording artist Margaret Berger. It was released in Norway on 2 October 2006 by RCA Records. Its title comes from Berger's wish for the album to be sweet but mean at the same time. The lyrics were written by Berger and inspired by her adolescence.
 Special Herbs + Spices Vol. 1 is the third collaboration album released between American rappers MF DOOM and MF Grimm released in 2004 (see 2004 in music) on Grimm's own Day By Day Entertainment label. Unlike their previous works this CD is solely focused on MF Grimm's rhyming over MF DOOM's production. The first ingredient of each song title is a reference to the corresponding track from DOOM's Special Herbs series of instrumental albums.
 Beyond is the eighth studio album by the alternative rock band Dinosaur Jr. It was their first LP in a decade after 1997's Hand It Over and the first album by the original lineup since 1988's Bug. The band planned a full world tour in 2007 to support the album.
 Downtown Battle Mountain is the debut studio album by American post-hardcore band Dance Gavin Dance released on May 15 2007. According to an interview with vocalist Jonathan Mess the album took its name from Battle Mountain Nevada which the band visited while the album was being written. It was produced by Kris Crummett who mastered their EP Whatever I Say Is Royal Ocean.
 Strength and Honour is an album by Finnish black metal band Satanic Warmaster. It was released in November 2001 through Northern Heritage. It was reissued twice by Northern Heritage in 2003 and 2004 both pressings limited to 1000 copies. The original LP version comes with a bonus track officially untitled alsoreferred to as Legion Werewolf.
 Alejandro Fernandez is the debut self-titled album recorded by Mexican singer Alejandro Fernández. Produced by Pedro Ramírez. The hit singles from this album are: Necesito Olvidarla Equivocadamente and Brumas (for the latter Alejandro Fernández shot a music video). It was nominated for Regional Mexican Album of the Year at the Lo Nuestro Awards of 1993.
 Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon is the original soundtrack album of the 2000 Academy Award- and Golden Globe Award-winning film Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon starring Yun-Fat Chow Michelle Yeoh Ziyi Zhang and Chen Chang. The score was composed by Tan Dun originally performed by Shanghai Symphony Orchestra Shanghai National Orchestra and Shanghai Percussion Ensemble. It also features many solo passages for cello played by Yo-Yo Ma. The last track (A Love Before Time) features Coco Lee.
 Stilelibero (Freestyle) is the eighth studio album by Italian pop/rock singer Eros Ramazzotti released in 2000 on the BMG label. The album featuring three tracks produced by Trevor Horn and two by Rick Nowels was recorded in a variety of locations in London California and Italy. Stilelibero topped the Italian albums chart as did Fuoco nel fuoco the singles chart. Più che puoi a duet with Cher also reached the Italian top 20.
 Ray Guns Are Not Just the Future is the second studio album by American indie pop duo The Bird and the Bee released on January 27 2009 by Blue Note Records. The album contains the two lead-off tracks from the duo's last two studio EPs: Polite Dance Song from Please Clap Your Hands and Birthday from One Too Many Hearts.
 From There to Here: 1989-2002 is an album by Brian McKnight which was released on November 5 2002 following the release of his first two top-ten albums 1999's Back at One and 2001's Superhero. This album is a greatest hits collection covering McKnight's first six albums with two new songs Let Me Love You and The Way I Do. Neither of the new songs were promoted as singles.
 Real Life is the debut album released by West German synthpop/pop group Crown of Creation on February 21 1994 by ContraPunkt Bückeburg. It was Rick J. Jordan's last production before founding Scooter together with H. P. Baxxter.As the recordings began the band was already eight years old. Singer Nicole Sukar had just joined the band on September 2 1992. The recordings started on May 27 1993. Frank Suchland Bückeburg took the CD into his publishing program.
 Attack of the Mutant 50ft Kebab is the fourth official studio album (fifth if you count the unreleased Love You More than Football) by Space released as a download on February 28 2014 for PledgeMusic donators and physically released March 17 2014. It is the group's first studio album since their reformation in 2011 and their first studio release overall since 2004's Suburban Rock 'N' Roll.
 Crazy for You is the 8th studio album by Earl Klugh released in 1981. This is the first album which Klugh produced by himself. The album received a Grammy nomination for Best Pop Instrumental Performance at the 25th Grammy Awards in 1983.
 Ya Bent El-Eih is Tamer Hosny's third full length studio album released in March 2007. It features thirteen songs nine of which were leaked on the internet almost a week before the album was released.
 Quadrologue at Utopia is a live album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron featuring Jim Pepper recorded in 1989 and released on the German Tutu label.
 Take Another Picture is the second album by the band Quarterflash released in 1983 by Geffen Records.
 Black Moses is the fifth studio album by Isaac Hayes. It is a double album by Isaac Hayes released on Stax Records' Enterprise label in 1971. The follow-up to Hayes' successful soundtrack for Shaft (also a double album) Black Moses features Hayes' version of The Jackson 5's hit single Never Can Say Goodbye. Hayes' version became a hit in its own right peaking at number 22 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 I Am the West is the ninth studio album by American rapper Ice Cube. It was released on September 28 2010.
 Back to Dance is Lil Suzy's second studio album. It was released on 11 January 1994 by Warlock Records and sees a closer collaboration with hit producer Tony Dr. Freestyle Garcia. It contains a new remix of Take Me in Your Arms from her previous album as well as a cover version of Turn the Beat Around (a cover of the Vicki Sue Robinson song).
 A Tribute to Teresa Teng - A Rocking Farewell (告别的摇滚) is a May 1995 tribute album by many of the leading lights of Beijing's first generation rock bands. Although the take of hardcore rock acts like Zang Tianshuo and 1989 on the gentle songs of Teresa Teng is rough edged like Faye Wong's tribute Decadent Sound of Faye (菲靡靡之音) which appeared two months later the album was a genuine and sincere tribute to the childhood appreciation of Teng as one of the first pop singers to be heard in China.
 The Day Hell Broke Loose 2 - AKA Major Without A Major Deal is a hip-hop album from Swisha House.
 I Love Bis is a collection of the first four Bis EPs (Transmissions on the Teen-C Tip! Disco Nation 45 the Secret Vampire Soundtrack & Bis vs. the D.I.Y. Corps) along with their split w/ Heavenly and the tracks that appeared on the various artist compilations Ché Trading Limited Number 4 and Snakebite City Vol. 4.
 Slap in the Face is an album by Henry Ate released in 1997. [1]
 JoJo is the debut studio album by American recording artist JoJo released on June 22 2004 by Da Family Entertainment and Blackground Records.
 Swimming Pool is the last album by the noted British folk/blues/rock songwriter guitarist and singer Al Jones. It marked his return to writing and recording after many years of relative obscurity. All the tracks are written by Jones himself and published by Rogue Music. The album was recorded at Le Nevek Cornwall.
 You Had It Coming is the eighth studio album by guitarist Jeff Beck released on 6 February 2001 through Epic Records. The album reached No. 17 and 110 on the Billboard Top Internet Albums and Billboard 200 charts respectively as well as No. 96 and 123 on the German and French albums chart. Dirty Mind went on to win the award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance at the 2002 Grammys; this being Beck's third such award after the albums Flash (1985) and Jeff Beck's Guitar Shop (1989).
 Punishment for Decadence is the second album by the Swiss thrash metal group Coroner. It bears many similarities to the previous album except the band's performance is more precise and features increased use of slightly more melodic guitar work as well as a slightly different lyrical style.[citation needed]
 A Collection is a compilation album by Anne Briggs released by Topic Records in 1999.The recordings are drawn from The Iron Muse (1963) Edinburgh Folk Festival (1963) Edinburgh Folk Festival Vol. 2 (1964) The Hazards of Love (1964) The Bird In The Bush (Traditional Erotic Songs) (1966) and Anne Briggs(1971)
 Let It Fly is the first live album from Christian alternative rock band The Choir released in 1997. It was recorded on their Free Flying Soul tour.
 Stunt is the fourth full-length studio album by Barenaked Ladies. By far their most successful album it entered the US charts at #3 and sold over 4 million units by the end of its chart run. Its first single One Week became the band's breakthrough single in the U.S. market by hitting #1 (selling over 5 million copies).
 Musa (English: Muse) is the eighth studio album by Puerto Rican reggaetón singer-songwriter Ivy Queen. It was released through Siente Music on August 21 2012 in all formats. The tracks on the album were composed by Queen and various other songwriters including: Victor Delgado Hiram Cruz and Francisco Saldaña. The album was produced by Luny Tunes Noriega Predikador and DJ Nelson among others.
 Involver is a progressive house and breaks mix compilation by Sasha. Tracks which Sasha admired by other artists were chosen for this album and have each been remixed to give Sasha's own interpretation of them. It received generally favorable reviews for its track selection and creative mixing techniques. Charlie May and Simon Wright assisted as co-producers for the compilation.In 2005 the Grammy committee debated whether Involver was eligible for nomination as Best Electronic/Dance Album.
 Quietly There is an album by jazz trumpeter Chet Baker and the Carmel Strings recorded in 1966 and released on the World Pacific label.
 Internal Punishment Programs is the seventh release by Industrial metal band Red Harvest. It was released in 2004. Anatomy of the Unknown – 3:28 Fall of Fate – 4:15 Abstract Morality Junction – 2:58 Mekanizm – 4:15 Symbol of Decay – 7:23 Teknocrate – 3:49 Synthesize My DNA – 4:04 Wormz – 2:57 4-4-1-8 – 1:43 Internal Punishment Programs – 4:43Bonus Video: Anatomy of the Unknown – 3:34
 Disgraceful was Dubstar's debut album. It was released in October 1995 on the Food Records label a division of EMI that was also home to Blur.
 The Natural II is the ninth studio album by rapper Haystak. It was released on May 12 2009. The album peaked on the Billboard 200 R&B/Hip-Hop Albums at 47 42 on the Independent Albums and 20 on the Rap Albums.
 Ton(e)s of Hate is the fifth studio album of the Italian Extreme Metal band Necrodeath.
 Live At Howlin’ Wolf is an EP by the band The Afghan Whigs containing 4 tracks from a live concert from Thanksgiving Night 1997 at the Howlin’ Wolf in New Orleans LA.
 Nadir of Purdah is a 12 one-sided EP by Muslimgauze. A limited run of 10 copies on black vinyl with a white label were produced but never made commercially available. The commercially available edition was pressed on clear vinyl with no label. The album was later coupled with the EP Nile Quartra and released on the compilation CD Nadir of Purdah (Muslimgauze compilation).
 The Car Over the Lake Album is the third album by the Southern country rock band the Ozark Mountain Daredevils. Recorded in Nashville Tennessee it was named after its cheerfully surreal cover illustration which was borrowed from a poster advertising one of the band's college gigs. This package originally included a 33⅓ rpm red acetate E.P. record nicknamed The Little Red Record that was only available in the very first pressings of the album.
 Live Hard is an EP from underground Hip Hop duo Show & A.G. released under the name The Show & A Experience on CD in late 2007. The EP is the first material the duo has recorded together since 1998's Full Scale (EP) and is supposed to be a prelude to an upcoming full-length album. Live Hard features cameos from DJ Premier and fellow D.I.T.C. member O.C. as well as a bonus track guest produced by Eric Blaze.
 On My Way and Shoutin' Again! is a 1963 album by Count Basie and his orchestra.
 Zoo TV Live is a live album by the Irish rock band U2. It was released exclusively to subscribing members of U2's official site replacing U2.COMmunication on 20 November 2006. This double CD features the same material that is on the Zoo TV: Live from Sydney VHS and DVD releases as well as one bonus track from the Zoo TV special Tryin' to Throw Your Arms Around the World. Although U2's website refers to the album as ZOO2Live the album is titled Zoo TV Live according to the actual CDs.
 Od bižuterije do ćilibara (trans. From Bijouterie to Amber) is the sixth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Bajaga i Instruktori released in 1997.
 Reflection was an album recorded in 1971 by folk-rock band Pentangle.The album was recorded over a three-week period in March 1971 at a time when the tensions between the band members were high. Different band members were continually threatening to leave and attendance by Jansch and Renbourn at the recording sessions was dependent on their state of sobriety.
 Rocked Wired & Bluesed: The Greatest Hits is a compilation album released by American rock band Cinderella in 2005 featuring tracks from their entire catalog.
 Sinking was a studio album by The Aloof it included a mixture of songs and instrumentals released in 1996 it's U.K. Chart position was #123.[citation needed]
 T.R.A.S.H. (Tubes Rarities and Smash Hits) is a compilation album by the rock band The Tubes released in November 1981.
 Una Rebelde en Solitario is the Third album by the Mexican pop singer Anahí. It was released on Fonovisa on July 4 2006. It is the re-release of Baby Blue.
 Streetlight Lullabies is a full-length studio album by Toh Kay (Tomas Kalnoky of Streetlight Manifesto) released November 22 2011. The album features 10 acoustic solo versions of Streetlight Manifesto songs.The album's cover art previously appeared on the back cover of the booklet for Everything Goes Numb.
 Wild. Club'in is the name of Ruslana's remix album that contains remixes of tracks from her 2004 Wild Dances album and a couple of other songs as well such as Wind Song and Drum 'n' Dance.For the remixes was organised a contest for the best 12 remixes of Ruslana's songs. The winning remixes were included on this album.It has been released in 2006 in the Czech Republic and Slovakia under the title Tance s vlky.
 An Elixir for Existence is the second studio album by the Norwegian gothic metal band Sirenia released in 2004. The album follows in the same vein as the previous At Sixes and Sevens but includes a new female vocalist Henriette Bordvik.A large number of the songs are concerned with mental conditions be it depression (Voices Within) drug use (Euphoria) or thoughts of suicide (The Fall Within); of course the meanings of all of these songs are subject to further conjecture.
 The County Hound 2 is the second studio album by American rapper Cashis who also served as executive producer. It was released independently on October 15 2013 by his label Bogish Brand Entertainment. It serves as the sequel to his debut EP The County Hound EP which was released on May 22 2007 by Shady Records and Interscope Records. The album features guest appearances by Crooked I from Slaughterhouse Obie Trice Mistah F.A.B. Kuniva from D12 King Los K.
 Dichotomy A is the first album in a two-part series of albums released in 2004 by the Hip hop group GRITS. The second album is Dichotomy B. The song Hittin' Curves won the group's second Dove Award for Rap/Hip Hop Recorded Song awarded in 2005.
 I Believe is the second official album by the Canadian Muslim singer and songwriter Irfan Makki on Awakening label. The album was released on July 28 2011.
 Etudes is an album by the American jazz bassist Charlie Haden recorded in 1987 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 Fruit of Life is the debut album for American Alternative band Wild Colonials released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).
 Glow is the third full-length EP by British DJ and electronic dance music composer Andy Hunter°. It is the follow-up to his 2010 EP Collide. Glow was released on July 23 2012 on all digital retailers.
 Billie Holiday Sings is an album made by jazz singer Billie Holiday released in the United States by Clef Records in 1952. It was reissued in 1956 by Verve Records with four extra tracks recorded at the sessions and renamed Solitude.
 What Doesn't Kill You Eventually Kills You is the second full-length album by hardcore/metal band Gay for Johnny Depp. It was released on February 14 2011.
 Comme si j'étais là... is the first Dalida remix album released in 1995.
 Troubled by the Fire is an album by Laura Veirs released in 2003.
 Focus 9 / New Skin is a 2006 studio album by the Dutch progressive rock band Focus. This time Pierre van der Linden (drummer of the classic '70s Focus lineup) joins Thijs van Leer with Bobby Jacobs remaining on bass and Niels van der Steenhoven replacing guitarist Jan Dumée.
 The Best of Anita Baker is a compilation album by the American R&B/soul singer Anita Baker. It was released on June 18 2002 in the United States by Rhino Records and compiles material from Baker's career spanning 1983-2002. As of March 2004 the album has sold 402000 copies and been certified Gold by the RIAA.The album was released in the UK as Sweet Love: The Very Best of Anita Baker with a slightly different track listing and running order.
 Out Like a Light is a live album by jazz musician John Scofield.
 The Age of Adz /ɒdz/ is a 2010 album by American singer/songwriter Sufjan Stevens released on October 12 2010 by Asthmatic Kitty. It is Stevens' sixth studio album and his first song-based full length album in five years since the release of Illinois in 2005.The album features a heavy use of electronics augmented by orchestration and takes inspiration from the apocalyptic artwork of schizophrenic artist Royal Robertson.
 Pandora's Toys is a compilation album released in 1995 by Aerosmith. This disc collects tracks from their 1991 box set Pandora's Box.It was also made available in a strictly limited edition wooden boxed set that contains the disc covered in a red plastic jewel case a story of aerosmith documentary CD (narrated for the English market by Chris Barrie) a sticker a sew on patch & a certificate.
 Home for the Holidays is the 52nd album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1993 (see 1993 in music).
 Gira 2002 is a live concert DVD documenting Spanish rock band Extremoduro’s Gira 2002 (2002 Tour) released on 3 May 2004. The DVD includes footage from three concerts performed in 2002 in Leganés Lesaka and Bilbao.
 Invitation is the second solo studio album by the American artist Carrie Akre.
 Another Time is an album by American-born British-based drummer Jeff Williams. It was released on 10 October 2011 on Whirlwind Recordings.
 First Album is the debut album by the electronic music duo Miss Kittin & The Hacker released in 2001. Several tracks such as 1982 and Frank Sinatra became anthems of the electroclash scene.
 After the Fall is the debut studio album by Australian rock band After the Fall released 27 June 2004 by Festival Mushroom Records.After the Fall's debut album was one of the top 50 albums of 2004 in Australian Rolling Stone magazine's Year Book issue. After the Fall also charted in the number one position on Triple J's Short.Fast.Loud Top 40 Albums of 2004. The album's first single Mirror Mirror appeared in Triple J's Hottest 100.
 Baptized In Filth is the fourth studio album by American deathcore band Impending Doom. It was released on March 13 2012 through the E1 Music label. The lead single released for the album is For the Wicked which had a music video produced for it.
 The Spell is the fifth full-length album recorded by the indie rock band The Black Heart Procession.The album was released by Touch and Go Records on May 9 2006. The album was recorded and produced by the band in their new studio SDRL in San Diego. A video was made for the track Not Just Words.
 Ultra. Rock Remixed is a mixed dance/rock compilation album from Ultra Records. It was released on March 20 2007 and mixed by Tommie Sunshine.
 Robin Trower Live is a live album by Robin Trower. Recorded at the Stockholm Concert Hall in Sweden on 3rd February 1975 for the Swedish Broadcasting Corporation it was released on vinyl in 1976 and re-released on CD in 1990 2000 and 2004. The album entered the US Album Top 10 and reached #23 on the US Chrysalis Album Top 40.
 Herb Alpert's Ninth is a 1967 album by Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass. It reached number 4 on the Billboard charts and spent 18 weeks on the Top 40. It was the last album by the Tijuana Brass to be released in both mono and stereo versions; all albums afterward would be released in stereo only. It was as its title indicated the ninth album released by the Brass. Its cover in addition to a number of still photos from Brass concerts included a pop-culture joke.
 無限 (Unlimited) is F.I.R.'s 2nd album. It was released on April 8 2005. This album also has Thorn Bird Glory Limited Edition. 無限 (Unlimited) stayed in G-music chart for 21 weeks (3rd place in 2005). Part of songs in this album was produced in Sarm West Studio in London.
 The Penance and the Patience is the debut EP by Australian rock band Closure in Moscow released on 18 April 2008 through Taperjean Records. The band advertised the EP as an 'albumette'.The EP was originally only released in Australia New Zealand and Japan through Taperjean Records. It was also available for import to overseas countries through Fist2Face and through the iTunes Store as a worldwide digital download.
 Necessary Roughness is the debut album of female rapper Lady of Rage. After appearing on high-profile critically acclaimed Death Row releases—including Dr. Dre's The Chronic and Snoop Dogg's Doggystyle—and releasing her own Dr. Dre-produced single Afro Puffs (which does not appear here) Rage released her debut on June 24 1997. Produced largely by Daz Dillinger with contributions from Easy Mo Bee and DJ Premier it peaked at #32 on the Billboard 200 on July 12 1997.
 Lady Karma is the third full-length studio album by Israeli punk band Kill the Drive. It was on December 3 2011 in Israel and later released worldwide on February 9 2012 after the band was signed to Broken English Records in February 2012 being the band's first album officially available outside of Israel and Japan.The album is the band's first with lead guitarist Or Yaakov and bassist Jonathan Shkedi and the first album recorded by the band as a four-piece.
 Strange Magic: The Best of Electric Light Orchestra is a compilation album by Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) released in 1995 only in the US.The compilation favours album versions rather than single versions; tracks such as Rock 'n' Roll Is King Shine a Little Love and Boy Blue are longer. The compilation is sequenced chronologically and is based around US singles sans 3 from Xanadu with exception of the European hit Rockaria! on disc one.
 Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams is the second studio album by American R&B singer Solange Knowles released August 26 2008 on Polydor Records and Music World. Recording during 2005 to 2008 Knowles was heavily influenced by the Motown Sound of the 1960s and 1970s during the album's conception prompting her to work with several vintage-style producers and songwriters such as Cee-Lo Green Mark Ronson and former Holland–Dozier–Holland composer Lamont Dozier.
 Daqui Pro Futuro is an album released by the Brazilian rock band Pato Fu. It was released on August 10 2007 and distributed by Tratore began as the only independent album Rotomusic. Along with their last album it was still recorded by 128 Japs John's studio at his house the band made recorded and mixed with several discs.The studio 129 Japs is John's studio from his house.
 Dr. Who & the Daleks is a soundtrack album of music from the two Dalek films based on the BBC television series Doctor Who. It includes music from Dr. Who and the Daleks by Malcolm Lockyer music from Daleks' Invasion Earth: 2150 A.D. by Bill McGuffie with electronic effects by Barry Gray.
 The second album by Grand Central Records artists Rae & Christian released in 2001.In the US it was released on the Studio !K7 label.
 The Sunny Side of the Street is an album recorded by John Lithgow released in 2006.
 The Warped Tour 2012 Tour Compilation is the seventeenth installment in the annual compilation series accompanying the Warped Tour. The cover is a photograph of All Time Low decided by votes on SideOneDummy's website.
 Moodswing is a 1994 album by jazz saxophonist Joshua Redman. All compositions on this album were original.
 Country Favorites-Willie Nelson Style is the fourth studio album by country singer Willie Nelson. He recorded it with Ernest Tubb's band the Texas Troubadours and Western Swing fiddler-vocalist Wade Ray with studio musicians Jimmy Wilkerson and Hargus Pig Robbins. At the time of the recording Nelson was a regular on a syndicated TV show hosted by Tubb.In 1970 RCA issued an abridged version of this album as Columbus Stockade Blues (RCA Camden CAS-2444)
 Baby Haifa is an album by Lebanese singer Haifa Wehbe. It was released in March 2010 exclusively for kids under Rotana Records. The album contains eight songs sung in Lebanese and Egyptian dialects. Baby Haifa songs can be listened to on Haifa Wehbe Music Radio which streams 24/7 live music for Haifa.
 Whiplash Smile is the third studio album by English rock vocalist Billy Idol. Released in 1986 it was supported by the singles To Be a Lover Sweet Sixteen and Don't Need a Gun. To Be a Lover was the biggest hit from the album peaking at No.
 Ancestral Homeland is the fourth album by American jazz trumpeter Roy Campbell the second by Pyramid Trio and the first by the original lineup with bassist William Parker and drummer Zen Matsuura. The album was recorded and released in 1998 on No More. According to Campbell the music of the Pyramid Trio is based on World Universal Music composed and improvised.
 Le Sac des Filles is the first album by Camille. The title is literally translated as 'The Bag of the Girls' referencing a woman's purse.
 X-Rated Fairy Tales is the debut album of Helios Creed released in 1985 through Subterranean Records.
 Badfoot Brown & the Bunions Bradford Funeral & Marching Band (1971) is an album by Bill Cosby.It is not a comedy album but an instrumental jazz-funk album in which Cosby plays electric piano. (It is his third musical album release). The first track is a tribute to the late Martin Luther King Jr.. A Tribe Called Quest used a sample from Martin's Funeral for their track We Can Get Down.The album was hard to find for many years.
 Sex And The Single Man is third solo album by guitarist/singer/songwriter Ray Parker Jr. released in 1985 on the Arista label. The record includes the singles Girls Are More Fun and One Sided Love Affair.
 Change is the tenth album by guitarist/vocalist Richie Kotzen.
 Ordinary Alien - The Kinky Roland Files is an album by Boy George featuring a collection of dance recordings made between 2001 and 2009. It was produced by Boy George himself and German record producer Kinky Roland.
 Hold Your Colour is the debut full-length album by British/Australian drum and bass band Pendulum. The album was mastered by Stuart Hawkes at Metropolis in London. It was released in 2005 and reissued in 2007 by Breakbeat Kaos.
 Gentleman's Blues is Cracker's fourth album released in 1998. It would be the band's final album for Virgin Records.Cracker frontman David Lowery said that the album's name arose when guitarist Johnny Hickman heard him playing a tune on the piano and observed that it sounded like an old Southern gentleman trying to play the blues.
 Romance on the Range was a 1955 Patti Page LP issued by Mercury Records as catalog number MG-20076. It collected recordings from a previous folk album and various singles.
 Donna is the self-titled album by Filipino singer-actress Donna Cruz released in 1989 by Viva Records in the Philippines. Cruz recorded all the songs at the age of thirteen kaing her the youngest artist from Viva Records to record an album. Donna was generally well received by the public and has earned a double platinum certification. Cruz received an award for Best New Female Recording Artist at the 1992 Awit Awards.
 Lava Ground is the debut album from Jamaican reggae artist I Wayne. The album features guest appearances from Fire Chess Harmony and Fire Star. As well as production from P. Henry M.Miller O. Hibbert etc. The album includes the hits Living In Love and Can't Satisfy Her.
 Marim ja... (trans. I Mind...) is the seventh studio album released by Serbian and former Yugoslav singer-songwriter Đorđe Balašević.
 The Longhorn Jamboree Presents: Willie Nelson & His Friends is a 1976 album recorded by country singer and composer Willie Nelson.
 Movin' Right Along is an album by saxophonist Arnett Cobb recorded in 1960 for the Prestige label.
 For When It Rains is a 20000 limited edition VHS by the band Type O Negative which was released in 1994 as an add-on to the Bloody Kisses digi-pack.
 You Are What You Love is the third studio album by Juno Award winning Canadian singer-songwriter Melanie Doane. It was first released independently on February 14 2003 via Melanie's official website and later distributed by Warner Music Canada to retail outlets in Canada on May 6 2003.
 Index Case is the self-titled album by Iowan nu metal band Index Case. Released on September 27 2005 via Mortal Music it is the band's first commercially released album. Index Case is virtually the same album recorded for No Name/Elektra but with slight alterations.
 3 is Ich Troje's third studio album released in 1999 excluding their compilation album which was released not long beforehand.
 Ballader och grimascher (English: Ballads and grimaces) is a second studio album by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk.Recorded in Metronome Studio with producer Anders Burman.
 Love Revolution is the eighth album release by Christian singer Natalie Grant. It was released on August 24 2010. Three singles were released from the album: Human Greatness of our God Your Great Name and Alive.[citation needed]
 Fresh Air: Breathe It (commonly stylized as Fresh A!r: Breathe !t) is the first official mixtape by Korean-American singer Jay Park released on May 16 2012. The mixtape was released as a free download on various websites including SoundCloud Mediafire DatPiff Park's official website Twitter Facebook and YouTube channel.
 Live! is a Bob Marley and the Wailers live album released on 5 December 1975. Live! was recorded 19 July 1975 at the Lyceum Theatre in London. The performance remains one of Marley's most famous.
 The Last of the Mohicans is the soundtrack album of the film of the same name.
 Live and Loud is a live Punk album by the band Stiff Little Fingers released in 1988 by Link Records.
 My Radio Sure Sounds Good to Me is sixth album by Larry Graham & Graham Central Station.
 Peace of Mind is the third studio album by Finnish glam rock singer Michael Monroe. released in 1996. The album was re-issued and made available worldwide on a widespread release only on March 14 2000.The album was produced by Michael Monroe himself though the two demo bonus tracks were produced arranged and mixed by the late Stiv Bators of the Dead Boys who also contributed vocals to both tracks and were recorded in 1985 prior to his death in 1990.
 The Wild Trapeze is the debut solo album by Incubus frontman Brandon Boyd. The album was released as a limited edition release on disc and through iTunes on July 6 2010 (2010-07-06).
 Little Miss Dangerous is the ninth studio album by American hard rock guitarist Ted Nugent released in 1986 the third on Atlantic Records.The single Little Miss Dangerous was Ted Nugent's most successful US-single at the time. This is mostly because the track was featured in an episode of the same name of the American television series Miami Vice.
 Folk Session Inside is an album by the bluegrass band Country Gentlemen recorded in 1963. This album proved to be the last for bassist Tom Gray.
 Hell With the Lid Off released in 1990 (see 1990 in music) is the first album by MC 900 Ft. Jesus collaborating with DJ Zero (For more information on DJ Zero see MC 900 Ft. Jesus).Hell With the Lid Off was released on Nettwerk Records. It has a heaven-and-hell theme to it; the name of the album is indicative of such a theme and track titles repeatedly mention such topics as God heaven and angels.
 Trance Appeal is the sixth album by Klaus Schulze under the alias Richard Wahnfried (or just Wahnfried in this case) released in 1996.
 Atlantic is the first studio album by the South African mathcore band Theatre. The album was released on 10 December 2010.
 The Promise is the fourth studio album by the operatic pop group Il Divo. The Promise was released globally on November 10 2008 except in the US and Canada where it was released November 18 Ireland where it was released on November 7 and Japan on 26 November. The album reached the No.1 spot in the UK on 16 November. The album was produced by Steve Mac. It was announced on 10 September that it will be named The Promise although the tracklisting was at this time not yet disclosed.
 Box Office Bomb is the second album released by the alternative rock band Dramarama.
 I Miss My Friend is the second album of country music singer Darryl Worley it was released on July 16 2002. The album produced Worley's first number one single on the Hot Country Songs charts in its title track; Family Tree was also a Top 30 hit for him on the same chart.
 The 18 Martial Arts (Chinese: 十八般武藝; pinyin: Shíbā Bān Wǔyì) is Taiwanese American R&B singer-songwriter Wang Leehom's fourteenth Mandarin studio album.
 The Man is an album recorded and released by Scottish musician and music industry figure Bill Drummond in 1986.
 Time To Think is the first studio album by British pop singer-songwriter Sarah Whatmore. It was released in the United Kingdom on 23 March 2009. It features the singles Smile (in collaboration with Greg Fitzgerald) and Undefined.It was only the first album that Pop Idol participant Sarah Whatmore had released as the release of her planned debut album in 2002 was cancelled.
 When in Rome... is a 1988 live album by the Penguin Cafe Orchestra and was recorded at The Royal Festival Hall London on the 9th of July 1987. It was produced by Simon Jeffes and published by EG Records.The cover painting is by Emily Young.
 Feeding the Flame is the second studio album by English post-punk band Sad Lovers & Giants. It was released in 1983 through record label Midnight Music.
 The Game is an album by Oi! band Sham 69 released in 1980 (see 1980 in music).
 The Singles is Feeder's second UK compilation album following the limited release b-sides album Picture of Perfect Youth.The album has 18 of their UK top 40 hit single tracks (if Shatter and Tender are separately counted) with the exception of Day In Day Out and Find The Colour and includes the limited edition Arena Tour single Comfort In Sound and three new tracks Lost And Found Burn The Bridges and Save Us.
 Camouflage is the tenth studio album by funk band Rufus (billed as Rufus with Chaka Khan) released on the MCA Records label in 1981. Camouflage peaked at #15 on Billboard's R&B Albums chart and stalled at #98 on Pop.
 Arabian Horse is the eighth studio album by GusGus released in 2011. It has the same line-up as the previous album 24/7: President Bongo Biggi Veira and Daníel Ágúst Haraldsson and the return of Urður Earth Hákonardóttir and guest spots from Högni Egilsson of Hjaltalin and Davíð Þór Jónsson. The photo used for the cover art is by Wojtek Kwiatkowski.[citation needed]
 Hunger is the first album released by Sunderland indie band Frankie & The Heartstrings. It was released on 21 February 2011 on the band's own label Pop Sex Ltd. a subsidiary of Wichita Recordings. A live version of the album was available to redeem online when bought from HMV. The album produced by Orange Juice's Edwyn Collins was recorded at his West Heath Studios in London.The chorus from single 'Hunger' was used in a TV advert for Domino's Pizza.
 Greatest Hits is the first Greatest Hits album by American singer Paula Abdul. Released in 2000 it contains Paula's six #1s and other singles with the exception of the top 20 single Will You Marry Me which was released in 1992 and reached #19 on the Billboard charts. It does however include Crazy Love which was previously only available on the Japanese version of Head over Heels and not available in the US. This compilation also contains a previously unreleased Megamix Medley.
 Fiesta Buena is a multilingual album by French DJ of Algerian descent following his great success with Zumba He Zumba Ha. The album contains songs using various languages: French Spanish Arabic and local North African dialects creole a French dialect spoken in Martinique and Guadeloupe. Most of the songs are written in collaboration between Mounir Belkhir Luis Guisao and Soldat Jahman.
 Good Days At Schloss Elmau is a 2011 album by British jazz and classical pianist and composer Gwilym Simcock. Schloss Elmau is a luxury hotel in Bavaria. Mojo placed the album at number 43 on its list of the Top 50 Albums Of 2011.
 Regional at Best is the second studio album from American alternative band Twenty One Pilots. The album was independently or self-released on July 11 2011. The album was originally available digitally and physically it has however since been pulled from most of the internet and is no longer in print.
 1 is the Japanese debut album by the South Korean boy band B1A4. It was released in October 24 2012 in 3 different editions.
 Meek Warrior is the second album by Akron/Family released in 2006. The cover art uses a picture of the Crab Nebula. The title is possibly a reference to the concept of warriorship in the Shambhala tradition: the first step on the warrior's path is to become meek.
 Sustain is the fifth studio album from Buck-O-Nine and was released in the United States on August 7 2007 on Asian Man Records and in Canada on September 6 2007 by Stomp Records.
 Era One is the 2006 album by Samael. It saw the band return to the Century Media label. It includes a bonus disc Lesson in Magic #1 which is entirely instrumental and done solely by band member Xy. The album itself was recorded in 2002 and the bonus disc a year later. Both were rearranged and remixed in 2005.
 30 Years To The Day is an album by hip hop group Rock Steady Crew and J.Period. The album is a 30 year commemorative compilation for the history of the group. It features various songs from old school artists such as Grandmaster Flash Afrika Bambaataa James Brown and Sugarhill Gang.
 You've Come a Long Way Baby is the second studio album by English big beat musician Fatboy Slim released on 19 October 1998 by Skint Records. The album liner notes state that the album was made at The House of Love.
 Don't Cry Too Hard was the debut album by Canadian folk rock band Leslie Spit Treeo released in 1990. The album's primary single on radio was a cover of John Prine's Angel from Montgomery although the songs Heat and The Sound (which had previously appeared on the soundtrack to Bruce McDonald's film Roadkill) also garnered radio airplay.
 The Full-Custom Gospel Sounds of the Reverend Horton Heat is the second album by The Reverend Horton Heat. It was released in April 1993 on Sub Pop.The video for Wiggle Stick was featured on an episode of Beavis and Butt-head.Nurture My Pig and Wiggle Stick were included in the Redneck Rampage video game soundtrack.
 Blues with a Feeling is an album by Steve Hackett released in 1994. As the title denotes Hackett explored his feelings about blues music. The tempo is much slower than other albums but it does allow his listeners to see another side to his personality as well as his playing ability.
 Gioconda's Smile (Greek: Το Χαμόγελο της Τζοκόντας) is one of the most famous albums by Greek composer Manos Hadjidakis. It is considered one of the classic albums of 20th century music in Greece.The album was recorded in New York in 1965 with Quincy Jones as producer.
 21 meses 1 semana y 2 días is the re-edition of Alex Ubago's debut album ¿Qué Pides Tú?. It was released on July 21 in Spain. The re-edition includes 2 discs with remixes and new tracks.
 Insects is a 2009 album released by Gibraltarian flamenco/metal quintet Breed 77.It was released on 16 November 2009 on LaRocka Records and contains 12 songs including 2 bonus tracks.Breed 77 headlined a United Kingdom tour in support of the album in November 2009 titled The Insects Are Here tour. Support acts were Symphony Cult and Our Malevolent Tyranny. Cars On Fire also supported the band on some of the tour dates as well.
 Action! (also known as The Action Album) is the second studio album released by Oh My God.
 Mean Business is the second and final studio album by The Firm released by Atlantic Records on 3 February 1986. Repeating the same bluesy formula as on the first album The Firm Mean Business did not achieve the same commercial success.One of the album's tracks Live in Peace was first recorded on Paul Rodgers' first solo album in 1983 Cut Loose.
 Earth Rot is a 1970 album by David Axelrod. The tracks on side 1 The Signs include lyrics adapted from the Book of Isaiah while songs on side 2 include lyrics adapted from Song Of The Earth Spirit a Navajo creation legend.
 Gaudi is the tenth album by The Alan Parsons Project released in 1987.
 The Beginning Vol. 5 is the first and only single disc compilation released by Frijid Pink in 1973. This disc contains five songs from their first and second albums Frijid Pink and Defrosted. This album was only released in Germany by Deram Records and possibly as an import throughout the rest of the world.
 Heartbound is the debut album from Australian post-hardcore band Dream On Dreamer. It was released in Australia (We Are Unified) on 5 August in Japan (Triple Vision) on 3 August and in the US/Europe/UK (Rise) on 9 August 2011.
 Unboxed is a compilation album of Sammy Hagar's recording career at Geffen Records. It features two previously unreleased songs High Hopes and Buying My Way Into Heaven. It was released on March 15 1994.
 I Am You Are is the début album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle released in 2001.
 Slow Rollers is a compilation album of ballads by The Rolling Stones released in 1981. It is a follow-up to the compilation of rock and roll numbers a year earlier called Solid Rock. The main feature is the Italian version of As Tears Go By which sees its first international release with this album. All other tracks were previously released in all markets. This is the last Decca compilation of Rolling Stones recordings.
 Wise Up Ghost is the collaborative studio album by Elvis Costello and The Roots. The album was released on September 17 2013. The album's first single Walk Us Uptown was released on July 23 2013.On September 10 2013 Costello appeared on stage at an Apple Inc. Event performing three songs and promoting the album.
 Ignorance is the result of Jeff Scott Soto's collaboration with Dave Fraser and Neil Goldberg.
 Primavera in anticipo and Primavera anticipada (English: Early Spring) are the Italian language and the Spanish-language versions of the tenth studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Laura Pausini released by Warner Music on 11 November 2008.Produced by Pausini with Paolo Carta Celso Valli and Dado Parisini the album has been described by Pausini as a complex album in which I can completely recognize myself.It is Pausini's first album of new material since Resta in ascolto / Escucha released in 2004. 
 La Toya Jackson is the self-titled debut album from American singer La Toya Jackson. It was released in 1980 in America and mainland Europe. The album is most known for Night Time Lover a track produced by La Toya's brother Michael Jackson who provides background vocals on the refrain. The album peaked at #116 on the Billboard 200 #26 on the Billboard R&B charts and #178 in the UK. It spawned two singles: If You Feel the Funk and Night Time Lover.
 Urban Rapsody is the final album by American funk singer Rick James before his death. It was released through Mercury Records and Private-I Records in 1997. The album combines rap and funk. Urban Rapsody received both a Parental Advisory sticker James' only album with it and mixed reviews. It was his first release since 1989's Kickin' due to substance abuse problems and periods incarcerated in prison.
 Satan Takes a Holiday is an album of evocative lost songs by Anton Szandor LaVey founder and former high priest of the Church of Satan.The collection is an eclectic body of songs LaVey constructed using his synthesizer. A few of these songs are standards and their composers well known. Nevertheless LaVey chose all these songs to create deliberate modes of feeling and mood.
 TSOL is the third album by Canadian rapper Shad released in Canada on May 25 2010 and in the United States on October 5 2010. It is his second album released on Black Box Recordings and his first album of new material since 2007's Polaris Music Prize-nominated The Old Prince.The album was supported with a cross-Canada tour featuring opening acts Grand Analog in Western Canada and D-Sisive in Ontario.The first single Yaa I Get It was released in April 2010.
 Another Disc Another Dollar is the second and final EP by New Zealand band The Stones released in 1983.
 Linear is the name of the debut studio album by the Pop/freestyle group Linear. It was released on March 21 1990 by Atlantic Records.The album's first single Sending All My Love became the most popular song of the album and the trio arriving at # 5 on the Billboard Hot 100 and winning that year certificate Gold by more than five hundred thousand copies sold in the United States.
 Evangeline is a compilation album of electronic music (largely dubstep and grime) released in 2008 on the Planet Mu label. The album was compiled by Mary Anne Hobbs and features tracks many exclusive.The album is available in two formats: CD and a set of four vinyl records. Unitz's The Drop and Tes La Rok featuring Uncle Sam's Up in the VIP are only available on the CD version.
 Upon Reflection is a solo album by English saxophonist John Surman recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label.
 David Tao Self-Titled Album (Chinese: 陶喆 同名專輯) is Taiwanese Mandopop singer-songwriter David Tao's debut Mandarin solo studio album. It was released on 6 December 1997 by Shok Records (Chinese: 俠客唱片).
 These Are My Songs is a 1967 album released by Petula Clark. In a break with longtime collaborator Tony Hatch Clark joined forces with producer Sonny Burke and arranger/conductor Ernie Freeman for this release.The album includes two songs that were released as singles. This Is My Song with words and music by Charlie Chaplin had been composed as an instrumental theme for his film A Countess From Hong Kong. It peaked at #1 in the United Kingdom and #3 in the US.
 True Obsessions is the fourth studio album by guitarist Marty Friedman released on April 17 1996 through Toshiba EMI (Japan) and October 8 1996 through Shrapnel Records (United States).
 Million Light Years Away is a live album by the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius. The album was recorded in Finland
 The Best of Cold Chillin is a compilation album by rap group Kool G Rap & DJ Polo.
 Stoned Part I is the third album by the British neo-soul composer and multi-instrumentalist Lewis Taylor released in 2003.
 Cake is the debut studio album by Scottish pop/rock band The Trash Can Sinatras.
 Just Like A Woman is an album by Barb Jungr released in January 2008. Subtitled Hymn to Nina the album is composed of Jungr's cover versions of Nina Simone songs many of them cover versions originally.
 Little Leviathan is an album by singer Michelle Lewis. The album was released in 1998 and the lead single Nowhere and Everywhere reached number #40 on the US Hot Adult Top 40 chart and #21 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart. The album was produced by Steve Fisk.
 Smak ciszy is the second studio album by the Polish heavy metal band Turbo. It was released in 1985 in Poland through Klub płytowy Razem. The cover art was created by Jacek Brzosowski and photographs by Andrzej Szozda.Smak ciszy is dedicated to Iron Maiden.
 Don't Fight the Feelin' is the second studio album by American rapper Rappin' 4-Tay released September 13 1994 on Chrysalis Records and Rag Top Records.
 Sista sekunden is the first studio album by Swedish hardcore punk band Sista sekunden. It was released in 2006 through Instigate Records. It was released on vinyl cd and cassette.
 So Far So Good is the first DVD by Atomic Kitten and was released in 2001. It is also available as video. It is also the only DVD which features Kerry Katona before she left the band due to her pregnancy. The video consists of interviews and footage of the promotion tours the first big concert in Liverpool.
 Turn of the Wheel is a 1996 album by Tempest. It was their first release on a major label Magna Carta Records. It was also their first in a long string of albums produced by Robert Berry. Michael Mullen is pictured in the album artwork but does not appear on the album (as he rejoined after it was finished).
 Really Saying Something: The Platinum Collection is one of several greatest hits collections by British girl group Bananarama released in 2005. It was the second hits package released by Warner Music Group parent company of Bananarama's label London Records (the first being The Very Best of Bananarama in 2001).The 2005 compilation contains both singles and album tracks. Several songs were included on a Bananarama hits package for the first time.
 Love the World (in some countries Perfume Global Compilation Love the World) is the third compilation album by the Japanese trio Perfume. It was released in September 12 2012 in Japan under their old label Tokuma Japan Communications in two editions: CD+DVD and in a regular CD edition.All its songs were produced by Yasutaka Nakata and the album was released in Asia on October 15 and also worldwide. The digital release of the album was on September 12 via iTunes worldwide except for Asia.
 Zoot Allures is a 1976 rock album by Frank Zappa. This was Zappa's only release on the Warner Bros. Records label. Due to a lawsuit with his former manager Herb Cohen Frank Zappa's recording contract was temporarily re-assigned from DiscReet Records to Warner Bros.
 Winnipeg Is a Frozen Shithole is a 2005 breakcore album by Venetian Snares (whose real name is Aaron Funk) released on Sublight Records.The album title refers to Funk's home town of Winnipeg Manitoba. Distorted bass and drum samples are predominant on this album creating a gabber-like sound. Also frequently heard are vocal samples contemptful of Winnipeg (e.g.
 American Don is an album by Don Caballero a Pittsburgh-based math rock band released on Touch and Go Records in 2000. It was recorded by Steve Albini.American Don is Don Caballero's fifth full-length release and fourth proper studio album but many fans consider it the group's final album due to the falling out between Ian Williams and Damon Che the group's creative core after the release of the album.
 Heat is the sixth album by Australian rock singer Jimmy Barnes. It reached number 2 on the ARIA album charts in 1993 and features the singles Sweat It Out Stand Up Right By Your Side and his biggest solo hit Stone Cold a never-used Cold Chisel song written by Don Walker in the early '80s.
 Scorpio's Dance is an album by the rock band Shocking Blue. It was released in 1970 on Pink Elephant Records.
 The Very Best of 10cc is a 1997 compilation album by the band 10cc. The album comes with an exclusive essay written by Chris White especially for it. It was released in the UK with 18 tracks and in the USA with 15 tracks (adding For You And I and deleting four tracks: Une Nuit A Paris; Under Your Thumb; Wedding Bells; and Neanderthal Man.
 Aftershock 2005 is the fourth album by the funk band Mutiny. The album was initially released in 1996 by the Polystar label in Japan and then by Rykodisc Records in the U.S. and UK. The album possesses a more rock-oriented feel than previous Mutiny albums. The album features guest appearances from former P-Funk band mates Bernie Worrell and Michael Hampton. Aftershock 2005 was one of the last albums released through producer Bill Laswell's Black Arc series.
 Something for Everybody is the ninth studio album by American New Wave band Devo. Released on June 15 2010 it is their first studio album in two decades since 1990's Smooth Noodle Maps. The album was released by their original label Warner Bros. the first issued via that label since Shout in 1984.
 Atomic Bitchwax II is the second studio album by The Atomic Bitchwax released on October 31 2000 by Tee Pee Records.
 At Newport is a live album by the Gigi Gryce-Donald Byrd Jazz Laboratory and the Cecil Taylor Quartet recorded for the Verve label at the Newport Jazz Festival in July 1957. The original LP album featured one side of performances by Taylor with Buell Neidlinger Denis Charles and Steve Lacy and the other by Gryce Byrd Hank Jones Wendell Marshall and Osie Johnson.
 beautiful. is the third album from Fantastic Plastic Machine. It is the follow-up to Luxury as well as the first album after moving from Readymade Records to avex trax. beautiful. is generally regarded as one of his most critical works signaling a maturation from his previous Shibuya-kei style to a rich blend of house music and 1970s Philly soul.
 This article describes the first 80s compilation in the US Now! Series. It should not be confused with the UK album of the same name. For more information see Now That's What I Call the 80s.Now That's What I Call the 80s is a special edition compilation album from the Now! series in the United States containing hit songs from the 1980s. It was released on March 11 2008.
 Blood Money is the seventh studio album by hip-hop duo Mobb Deep released on May 2 2006. It is the group's first and only album on G-Unit/Interscope Records. It features guest appearances by mainly G-Unit artists 50 Cent Lloyd Banks Tony Yayo Young Buck and Nyce as well as Mary J. Blige and Nate Dogg. It is also the only Mobb Deep studio album not to feature Big Noyd.The album debuted at #3 on the Billboard 200 with 106000 copies sold.
 Still Serious is the second album released by rapper Big Mike which was released on April 8 1997 on Rap-a-Lot Records and featured production from Mike B. Mike Dean Loranzo Samuels and Tone Capone. It also premiered recording artist/producer Tre'mendous who was featured on four songs on the album on under the moniker III (Tre'). This album proved to be the most successful of Big Mike's solo releases peaking at #16 on the Billboard 200 and #3 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 The Best of Scarface is a second compilation album by rapper Scarface. First compilation album was Greatest Hits.
 Meet the Family is Frenzal Rhomb's third studio album. It was released in September 1997. The album was the first with Lindsay McDougall on guitar and the last with Nat Nykruj on drums.During their Australian release tour in 1998 Mark Lawson from Running On Empty appeared as a guest vocalist and guitarist on There's Your Dad.
 Hello Welcome to Bubbletown's Happy Zoo is a live performance video by The Pillows released onto VHS and DVD. As well as featuring a live performance it includes commentary by The Pillows in between songs and the music video for their single Hybrid Rainbow. This is the first video officially released by the Pillows.
 Unknown Session is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded in 1960 but not released on the Columbia label until 1979.
 Mom Always Liked You Best! was the eighth comedy album by the Smothers Brothers (released August 17 1965 on Mercury Records). It reached number 39 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart. The album was recorded at The Troubadour Los Angeles California The Golden Bear Huntington Beach California and the Flamingo Hotel Las Vegas Nevada.
 Monster is an album by Steppenwolf. Released in 1969 it was their first LP with new lead guitarist Larry Byrom instead of Michael Monarch. The album was Steppenwolf's most political one making references to important issues at the time such as the Vietnam War.The album was the first Steppenwolf album not to feature a US top ten hit though two singles from the album cracked the top 40: Move Over and Monster.
 Piece of Time is the debut album by the technical death metal band Atheist released in 1989 in Europe. However it was not released in the United States until 1990. This was because the label that Atheist had initially signed with Mean Machine Records was going bankrupt and the band had to search for another label. They eventually signed with UK label Active Records who released their album in Europe soon after.
 The Old Testament is a greatest-hits album of the group Sunz of Man released in 2006.
 The Kids Praise Album! (aka Kids' Praise! 1 - An Explosion of Happiness) is an American 1980 Maranatha! children's Christian music album that features Psalty the Singing Songbook. It is the first album in a long-running series of Kids Praise! and other Psalty related albums. The album was written by Debby Kerner & Ernie Rettino (Mr. Rettino plays Psalty). This album has been credited to The Maranatha! Kids and to The Kids' Praise Kids.
 Habitaciones Extrañas is the third album of Enanitos Verdes published on 1987. Recorded and mixed in studies Panda. Buenos Aires Fall 1987.
 Reason is a compilation of songs by the hardcore punk band Violent Apathy. The songs are from the early days of the band before the release of their album Here Today.
 FabricLive.67 is a 2013 DJ mix album by Ben UFO. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Relax Your Mind is the debut and only album by the folk duo Jon & Alun who five years later founded the short-lived late-1960s English rock band Sweet Thursday. Jon Mark is best known for his records with Marianne Faithfull John Mayall and Mark-Almond. Alun Davies became Cat Stevens's guitarist.
 MP3 is M. Pokora's third studio album which was released March 24 2008 in France and will be available in 27 countries. The album is available in three editions: original limited and collector's. The limited edition contains two bonus tracks and the collector's edition comes with a lanyard poster and four badges.Timbaland and Ryan Leslie participated in this album.Recorded in Los Angeles most tracks are in English except two which are in French.
 Super Roots 6 is the fifth installment in the Super Roots EP series by noise rock band Boredoms released in 1996 by WEA Japan. In the USA it was numbered and priced as a standard album.
 Kiva (1995) is a collaborative album by the American ambient musicians Steve Roach Michael Stearns and Ron Sunsinger. A kiva is an underground ceremonial chamber used by Native American cultures of the Southwest.The album is a mixture of traditional Native American ceremonies and highly experimental ambient music.“East Kiva ‘Calling in the Midnight Water” is a Peyote ceremony. “South Kiva ‘Mother Ayahuasca” is an Ayahuasca ceremony from the South American rainforest.
 The Antidote is a 1995 album by Indo G and Lil' Blunt.
 Time's Up is an album by Thee Majesty. It was released on May 01 1999 for a show at the Royal Festival Hall in London England.
 No Comprendo is a 1986 album by Les Rita Mitsouko.
 Wake Up! is the fourth album by British alternative rock band The Boo Radleys released by Creation Records in 1995.
 Starless is the third full-length album by American post-hardcore band Shiner. It was released in April 2000.
 Te Quiero (English: I Love You) also known as Te Quiero: Romantic Style In Da World is the debut album by Panamian singer-songwriter Flex. It was released in late September 21 2007 in Mexico and Panamá and three months later on December 4 2007 in United States peaking at number-one on those three countries.
 A Waltz for Grace is the debut album by English saxophonist Steve Williamson that was released on the Verve label in 1990.
 Sail On: The 30th Anniversary Collection is the fifth compilation from the band Kansas originally released in 2004. Along with two CDs that include tracks from each one of the band's studio albums the compilation also includes a 16-track companion DVD which features numerous television appearances videos and live recordings. The first two words of the title come from a lyric to the band's 1975 song Icarus (Borne On Wings of Steel) which is included in the collection.
 Brothel Ballet is an EP album by British rock band Exile Parade released in April 2010. The EP was produced by Owen Morris Rob Ferrier and Exile Parade.
 La Ultima / Live in Berlin is the sixth live album and the fifth concert movie of the German rock band Böhse Onkelz. The tournament movie was recorded during their last tournament La Ultima from August to October 2004 the concert was recorded on September 18 2004 at the Velodrom in Berlin.
 Number One Beautiful is the debut album from On Broken Wings released in 2001.
 Death Is Glory... Now is a compilation release by Reverend Bizarre. It was released on 2xCD in 2009 by Spikefarm Records. The first disc contains songs only found on rare Reverend Bizarre split albums while the second contains a collection of various hard-to-find covers Reverend Bizarre released over the years.
 Departure is the third studio album by American recording artist Jesse McCartney. It was released on May 20 2008 through Hollywood Records. The album was re-released on April 7 2009 under the name Departure: Recharged. The album featured a heavier R&B sound and spawned three US Hot 100 top 40 hits Leavin' How Do You Sleep? and Body Language. The latter two were released as singles from the recharged edition.
 There is Some Fun Going Forward is the only sampler album released by John Peel's Dandelion Records label and was marketed by Polydor. As one might expect from Peel the artists featured were not necessarily mainstream and in fact the only artists featured who enjoyed chart success are Clifford T. Ward and Medicine Head. The sleeve featured a photo of Peel in the bath with a naked (or at least visibly topless) woman It was re-released in 1995 by See For Miles as a CD with extra tracks.
 Live In Muenster 2003 is a live album by Joan of Arc released in 2003 on Record Label Records. The album is a live recording in Muenster Germany in the year 2003.
 Red Hot + Bothered (also known as Red Hot + Bothered: The Indie Rock Guide Book to Dating) is an anthology of the indie rock scene from the 1990s produced by Paul Heck. It was released as part of the Red Hot AIDS Benefit Series.The recording initially appeared as a pair of 10 EP recordings bundled with limited edition fanzines and spoofing dating guides.
 Hangad is the self-titled debut album of the Philippine-based vocal ensemble Hangad. It contains the singles Pananatili and Panunumpa the latter of which was popularized by pop singer Carol Banawa.It was twice released first in cassette tape then in compact disc. The cassette version was first released in 1998. The album was re-launched on compact disc (with six new songs) on June 24 2000 at the Aldaba Recital Hall UP Theater UP Diliman Quezon City.
 Plea for Peace is the final EP by the American punk rock band Operation Ivy. It was released in February 1992 three years after they disbanded through M&E Records. Plea for Peace contained four songs not featured on any of Operation Ivy's studio releases.
 Long Road Home is the second studio album by British singer-songwriter Charlie Simpson.On 2 February 2013 it was reported that Simpson had finished writing the follow up to his 2011 solo debut 'Young Pilgrim' and he would be heading in to the studio with producer Steve Osbourne (U2/Placebo) to start recording in early March.Simpson spent the summer of 2013 playing on the Vans Warped Tour in the US which was the first time he has played live as a solo artist in America.
 Felons for Life is a compilation album by nu metal band Dope. It is a compilation of previously released material demo recordings and live versions of songs. It was self-released (though it lists Eat Me/Sue Me as the record label) in October 2002. The first 18 tracks are album versions and alternate versions of tracks from the band's first two albums Felons & Revolutionaries and Life (except for track 3 which is a demo version of a song from the 2003 album Group Therapy).
 Ultimate Collection is a 1999 compilation of songs by the band The Fixx. It is largely a collection of singles; many tracks appear as they did on their respective 7 releases. However there are two B-sides and one recording pulled from the rare Happy Landings EP which make it stand out from other greatest hits collections. This is the only Fixx collection to include the original recordings of all tracks.
 Junky Star is the third studio album by Ryan Bingham released in 2010 through Lost Highway Records.
 Christmas Songs is a 2005 (see 2005 in music) album by Diana Krall performed with the Clayton-Hamilton Jazz Orchestra. This is Krall's first full-length album of Christmas songs (not counting 1998's Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas EP) and her first studio album with a big band. It is her ninth album overall. Billboard ranked album at number 14 on the magazine's Top Jazz Albums of the Decade.
 In the Belly of the Brazen Bull was released on 7 May 2012 as the fifth studio album by British indie rock band The Cribs via Wichita Recordings. The band announced the record title and track-listing on 14 February 2012.
 Anatolian Pieces is Ahmet Kanneci's fourth album.
 The Rough Guide to Greek Café is a world music compilation album originally released in 2010. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the release covers a wide breadth of the music of Greece on Disc One from traditional to modern. Disc Two highlights Dimitris Mistakidis. The album was compiled by Marc Dubin a journalist specializing in Greece for the past three decades. Brad Haynes coordinated the project Laurence Cedar mastered the work and Phil Stanton was the producer.
 The Only Way Is Up is the first and only EP by the Drugs. It was released in 2000.
 Capuchin Swing is an album by American saxophonist Jackie McLean recorded in 1960 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Reggatta de Blanc is the second album by The Police released in 1979. It features the band's first two UK #1 hits: Message in a Bottle and Walking on the Moon. It was their second album to bear a Foreign language title after the band's 1978 debut album Outlandos d'Amour. Reggatta de Blanc proved both more popular and successful than its predecessor. Reggatta de Blanc's title is a pseudo-French translation of white reggae.
 Rock & Roll Is Dead is the sixth studio album released by the Swedish rock band The Hellacopters. The first edition of the CD came with a 25 minute bonus DVD entitled Poking at the Stiff and chronicled the second of the two weeks of recording the album. The vinyl release had seven different colors of the vinyl: brown green white clear orange red and black.
 Waterproof9 is the first and only studio album released by solo artist Patrick Watson before he joined Simon Angell Robbie Kuster and Mishka Stein to form the more well-known Patrick Watson band.The album was written to accompany Brigitte Henry's Waterproof photobook. Each track on the album shares its title with a photograph from the collection and one of the photographs Main Perpéttuelle 1 is used on the album cover.
 Here I Am Again is a 1972 studio album by American country music singer-songwriter Loretta Lynn.This was Lynn's first studio album of the year and her only one. The lead single was also the title track. Written by Shel Silverstein (who also wrote her #1 1971 hit One's on the Way) the song peaked in the Top 5 on the Billboard Country Chart in 1972. Lynn wrote less of her own compositions for this album. Only one other song on the album was written by Lynn I Miss You More Today.
 Headsparks is the debut album of Seam released in 1992 through Homestead Records.
 With Siinai: Heartbreaking Bravery is the second full length album released by musician Spencer Krug under the Moonface name. It is the follow-up to the 2011 album Organ Music Not Vibraphone Like I'd Hoped and was released on April 17 2012. The album is a result of the collaboration of Krug with the Finnish rock band Siinai. Krug met the band Joensuu 1685 while on tour with another of his bands Wolf Parade in 2009.
 Happy Planet is the fourth studio album by the American New Wave band Wall of Voodoo released in 1987. It marked a return of Call of the West producer Richard Mazda. Although not as successful as Call of the West Happy Planet did produce a minor hit with the cover of The Beach Boys' Do It Again. The album recorded at Hit City West reached #83 on the Australian charts.
 Juventud en Éxtasis is the second full length album from Mexico's Maria Daniela y su Sonido Lasser. It was released in November 2007.
 Room for Abuse is the second full-length album by the Tewkesbury ska punk band Spunge. It was released on 9 October 2000 on Sucka-Punch Records and recorded at DEP International Studios Birmingham (the studio owned by UB40).Two singles were released from the album Ego and Live Another Day (which was a double A-side with a new version of Kicking Pigeons from their Pedigree Chump album).
 Music That You Can Dance To is the fourteenth album by Sparks. It was released in 1986.
 Bird Noises is the first extended play by Australian rock group Midnight Oil which was released on 24 November 1980 under the band's own independent label Powderworks Records / Sprint Music. It was produced by Leszek Karski and manufactured and distributed by CBS/Columbia. Bird Noises reached the Top 30 on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart.
 Live at the Tractor Tavern is a live country recording by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers. Released in 2004 it was recorded live at a bar called The Tractor Tavern in Seattle Washington.
 Lo Flux Tube is the second album by the band OLD. It marked a drastic change in style for the band abandoning their previous grindcore parody in favor of a much more industrial and experimental sound. The album is a concept album[citation needed] though the actual theme behind it is not quite known.[citation needed]
 Shoot Out the Lights is the sixth and final album by British husband-and-wife folk rock duo Richard and Linda Thompson. It was produced by Joe Boyd and released in 1982 on his Hannibal label. A critically acclaimed work Allmusic's Mark Deming noted that Shoot Out the Lights has often been cited as Richard Thompson's greatest work and it's difficult for anyone who has heard his body of work to argue the point.
 American Edit is a mashup album released by Party Ben and Team9 under the shared alias Dean Gray. Its primary basis is the Green Day album American Idiot — the name Dean Gray is a spoonerism of Green Day.
 Eleven Best is a Ben E. King compilation album. This set was released by Cleopatra Records which has not released any of King's albums to date.This collection includes a special Drifters Medley which combines several songs from King's days with the Drifters. Stand By Me a staple on any King compilation is also included. Many other classics have also been added to the tracklist such as Spanish Harlem and two versions of Don't Play That Song one an extended version.
 The Inevitable Course of Events released in 2007 is Joe Boyd Vigil's third album. It is the follow-up to his album Deeper Space. The album was released on iTunes and Amazon MP3.
 Against Me! also known as The Acoustic EP is the second widely distributed release by the punk band Against Me!. No tracks on the album contain any electric instruments or drums only acoustic guitars and an acoustic bass. The original vinyl version released November 2001 had four tracks and two extra songs were included on the CD version released in February 2003.
 Good Times is a studio album recorded by Finnish–German entrepreneur Kim Dotcom.
 Make It Reign is the first and only album by rap duo Lord Tariq and Peter Gunz. It was released on June 2 1998 through Columbia and featured production from some of hip hop's most famous producers at the time such as Clark Kent and Jermaine Dupri. The album found success on the charts peaking at #38 on the Billboard 200 and #8 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.The album is best known for its lead single Deja Vu (Uptown Baby).
 Radio Now Live is a 2001 live comedy album by The Firesign Theatre. It was the only record the group made under a contract with Butterfly Records.
 Fabric 60 is a 2011 album by Dave Clarke. The album was released as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 111 is the third album by Željko Joksimović a Serbian pop singer released in 2002.
 Lie Lie Live is a digital download EP by System of a Down frontman Serj Tankian exclusively on Rhapsody featuring live tracks and remixes. There is no known promo release of this EP however Warner Chappell released a promo sampler containing all the remixes in unmastered form.
 Sombras en el Jardín is the debut album by Bohemia Suburbana a Guatemalan rock band. In 1992 the band recorded their first demos En el jardín and No importa. In 1993 they began recording Sombras en el Jardín in the Primera Generación Records studios.
 Murda Muzik is the fourth studio album by the American hip hop duo Mobb Deep which was released in April 27 1999. It features one of the group's best-known and most acclaimed songs Quiet Storm. It is also the duo's most commercially successful album to date for shipping over 1 million copies and was certified Platinum by the RIAA debuting at #3 on the Billboard 200 charts. Murda Muzik also garnered positive reviews from The Source and Allmusic among others.
 Afro Samurai Resurrection OST is the second soundtrack installment of the T.V. series Afro Samurai. The album was fully produced arranged and programmed by RZA of the Wu-Tang Clan and features vocals ranging from high-profile names like Kool G Rap Ghostface Killah Sly Stone and Rah Digga to lesser known Wu-Tang affiliates such as Boy Jones P. Dot Ace and Moe Roc.
 I'm Alive is the sixth British EP released by The Hollies. It was put out by Parlophone in mono with the catalogue number GEP 8942 and released in the UK in late September 1965. The EP entered the British charts on 25 September 1965 and spent 15 weeks there peaking at #5 on the Record Retailer chart their highest charting EP.The EP's A-side consisted of both sides of the band's successful single I'm Alive released in May 1965.
 Physical Graffiti is the sixth studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin released on 24 February 1975 as a double album two years after the album Houses of the Holy. The band wrote and recorded eight songs at Headley Grange which when combined stretched the album beyond the typical length of an LP. This prompted the band to make Physical Graffiti a double album by including previously unreleased tracks from earlier recording sessions.
 Harmony is the second studio album by Never Shout Never and was released August 24 2010. The packaging of the CD comes with flower seeds (while the limited edition bundle also includes a flower pot with the album name on it) with planting instructions so you can get involved and make the world a more beautiful place! The album was streamed on his MySpace on August 22 2010. Harmony debuted at #14 on the U.S. Billboard 200 albums chart.
 You've Got A Friend is the eighth album from American gospel music artist Susie Luchsinger. It was released on 2003 on New Haven Records.
 Piraty XXI veka (Russian: Пираты XXI века Pirates of the 21st Century) is the sixth studio album of the Russian band Leningrad.
 Catalogue Ariola 00–10 is the eighth compilation album by Buck-Tick released on March 7 2012. It compiles all of their singles released while signed to BMG/Funhouse and Ariola Japan from 2000's Glamorous to 2010's Kuchizuke. It and Catalogue Victor→Mercury 87–99 were released on the same day in celebration of Buck-Tick's 25th anniversary.The regular edition also contained a DVD of each song's music video.
 Themes is an album by Moravian ethno metal band Silent Stream of Godless Elegy (Czech Republic) originally released in 2000 by Redblack. This album was priced Czech Grammy Award as the best act in hard'n'heavy genre in 2001.
 Hang on to Your Resistance is the debut album for Canadian musician Tom Cochrane originally released in 1974 (see 1974 in music) on Daffodil Records. The album was released under just his last name Cochrane. In 1987 Capitol Records re-released the album under Tom Cochrane but changed the title slightly to Hang on to Your Resistance (The Early Years).
 Metropolis Pt. 2: Scenes from a Memory is the fifth studio album by American progressive metal/rock band Dream Theater released on October 26 1999 through Elektra Records. It was recorded at BearTracks Studios in New York where the band had previously recorded their second studio album Images and Words (1992) and the EP A Change of Seasons (1995).The album is the sequel to Metropolis–Part I: The Miracle and the Sleeper a song previously featured on the band's 1992 album Images and Words.
 Remembrance is an album by Norwegian pianist and composer Ketil Bjørnstad featuring saxophonist Tore Brunborg and drummer Jon Christensen recorded in 2009 and released on the ECM label in 2010.
 Time Lines is an album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in 2005 and released on the Blue Note label in 2006. The album features Hill's final studio recordings.
 90–93 is a compilation by the Italian band Punkreas which brings together the first two EPs: Isterico and United Rumors of Punkreas.
 Resurrection in Blood is the third album by Runemagick released in 1999 on Century Media.
 Tempest was a British progressive rock band active from 1973 and 1974. Its core members were Jon Hiseman on drums and Mark Clarke on bass. They released two studio albums before breaking up.
 Half a Boy/Half a Man is a studio album by George Thorogood and the Destroyers. It was released on April 13 1999 on the CMC International label. The album peaked at #24 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.
 C.A.S.H. is the fourth studio album by rapper Cassidy. It was released on November 16 2010.
 Rumors and Headlines is the third full-length album by Californian punk rock group One Man Army released in 2002 by BYO Records.
 Courtside Seats... is Heavy Heavy Low Low's first studio album. It was released on February 28 2005 through Twelve Gauge Records.
 Maskineri (Machinery) is the fourth studio album by Norwegian alternative rock group Kaizers Orchestra released on February 18 2008. Recorded and mixed during November and December 2007 the album was released on the independent label Petroleum Records in Norway on February 18 2008 and on Sony BMG in international territories on a later date.
 East West is the debut full-length album and the fifth release from East West. Vintage a remastered edition was released in 2003.
 Words from the Front is Tom Verlaine's third solo album released in 1982. It was issued on compact disc in 2008 by Collectors' Choice Music.
 Luxury Problem is the fifth studio album by the punk rock band Lunachicks. It was released by Go-Kart Records in June 8 1999.
 Kew. Rhone. is a concept album by British bass guitarist and composer John Greaves and American singer-songwriter and guitarist Peter Blegvad. It is a song cycle composed by Greaves with lyrics by Blegvad and was performed by Greaves and Blegvad with vocalist Lisa Herman and others.
 Pivot (2000) is an album by the American experimental pop music group Amoeba. The style of this album is similar to that of Amoeba’s previous album Watchful (1997) except with a somewhat more active and direct approach. The lyrics are also more literal and emotional than those of Watchful.
 Immunity is a solo album by Rupert Hine. Originally released in 1981 re-released and digitally remastered in 2001. The album was dedicated to Liam Byrne. The song Misplaced Love features a brief chorus by British singer Marianne Faithfull.
 Keep Your Soul Together is an album recorded in 1973 by jazz trumpeter Freddie Hubbard. It was his fifth studio album released on Creed Taylor's CTI label and features performances by Hubbard Junior Cook George Cables Aurell Ray Kent Brinkley Ron Carter Ralph Penland and Juno Lewis.
 Live Bogotá is the first live album by Colombian musician Fonseca. It features his Gratitour last performance from the August 15th concert at the Nemesio Camacho Stadium in Bogotá Colombia. The album was released on November 16 2010 on two different formats including a live CD/DVD and digital download.
 Live In A Dive is the eighth album by punk band Strung Out released by Fat Wreck Chords. The album was recorded in 2002 and released on June 3 2003. The album is the fourth in a series of live albums Live in a Dive by Fat Wreck Chords.
 Memento subtitled The Very Best of Dead Can Dance is a compilation album by Dead Can Dance released 25 October 2005 shortly after their US tour. Designed for the American market this compilation focuses on the second half of the band's musical career when the duo were at their most successful in that country.
 This Is Danko Jones is a greatest hits compilation by Canadian rock band Danko Jones. It was released on April 7 2009 in Canada only.
 Metamorphosis is the tenth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet. Released in 1990 it was the groups fourth album on the Elektra/Nonesuch label and features performances by Hamiet Bluiett Arthur Blythe Oliver Lake and David Murray with Chief Bey Melvin Gibbs and Mor Thiam. It was the first album recorded by the group after the departure of foundation member Julius Hemphill and their first to feature additional musicians.
 Elektra is the fourth studio album from Danish hip hop group Suspekt released 12 September 2011. It is produced by Rune Rask and Jonas Vestergaard. The symphony orchestra Czech Film Orchestra is featured on Brænder Byen Ned (Burning Down The City) Helt Alene (All Alone) Nyt Pas (New Passport which features a 3 minutes classical music ending) and Parasitter (Parasites).
 I Zoi Mou Erotas (Greek: Η Ζωή Μου Έρωτας; English: My Love Life) is an album by popular Greek artist Natasa Theodoridou released on November 28 2010 by Sony Music Greece. All music and lyrics are by Giorgos Moukidis.
 London '66–'67 is an EP and film of Pink Floyd music containing two lost tracks—an extended version of Interstellar Overdrive and Nick's Boogie. These tracks were originally recorded for Peter Lorrimer Whitehead's film Tonite Lets All Make Love in London in 1967 and the former appeared in edited form on the soundtrack album.
 Fărâme Din Soare is the fourth studio album of Romanian rock band Bosquito. It was released in the year 2004. Marcela was the first single released from this album.
 Windows of Heaven is Jefferson Starship's first studio album since reforming in 1992. It was first released in Germany but the band told fans to wait for a new American remixed version. The single Let Me Fly was released along with the American release but did not chart on the Billboard charts. Grace Slick joined the band in the studio to record vocals on I'm on Fire which only appears on the American and Japanese versions.
 The Classic Concert Live is a live album by Mel Tormé Gerry Mulligan and George Shearing recorded at Carnegie Hall in 1982 and released in 2005. Shearing and Tormé would go on to make six albums together for Concord Records this is the only recorded performance of Shearing and Tormé with Gerry Mulligan.
 Losers is the first official album by Sentridoh the solo home recording project of American rock musician Lou Barlow of Sebadoh and Folk Implosion. It was self-released on cassette in 1990 and officially released by Shrimper Records on cassette in 1991. In 1995 it was re-issued by Shrimper with an altered track listing as The Original Losing Losers on CD and as a double album on vinyl.Several songs on the album were re-released on future Sentridoh albums.
 Long Play Album was the first album by the Dutch soundalike studio group Stars on 45 released on the CNR Records label in The Netherlands in 1981. In the US the album was retitled Stars On Long Play released on Atlantic Records' sublabel Radio Records and credited to 'Stars On'.
 X is the debut studio album released by the melodic hard rock band Ten.
 Christmas in the Sand is the first Christmas album by American singer-songwriter Colbie Caillat. The album was released on October 23 2012 in the United States through Universal Republic Records. The album includes cover versions of Holidays songs and 4 original songs written by Caillat along with other songwriters. Produced by Ken Caillat features collaborations with Brad Paisley Gavin DeGraw Justin Young and Jason Reeves.
 Trial & Error is the ninth album by Classified.
 Rubber is the third solo album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Gilby Clarke released in 1998.
 Poppin' the Hood! is the debut stand-up comedy album by The Sklar Bros. released in 2004 by Stand Up! Records. The album was recorded in 2004 at Acme Comedy Company in Minneapolis.
 Live at the BBC is a 1994 compilation album featuring performances by the Beatles that were originally broadcast on various BBC Light Programme radio shows from 1963 through 1965. The mono album available in multiple formats but most commonly as a two-CD set consists of 56 songs and 13 tracks of dialogue; 30 of the songs had never been issued previously by The Beatles.
 Robbie Robertson is the self-titled solo debut by Robbie Robertson released in 1987. The album won the Juno Award for Album of the Year and producers Lanois and Robertson won the Producer of the Year Juno award both in 1989 as there were no Juno Awards held in 1988.The album is notable for the contributions from the members of U2 and Peter Gabriel both of whom were also working with producer Daniel Lanois at the time. U2 was recording The Joshua Tree and Gabriel was recording So.
 12 Soulful Nights of Christmas is a compilation of Christmas songs released on October 22 1996 through So So Def Recordings.
 Allegria (US Version) is a compilation album by the Gipsy Kings released in 1990 for US audience. It is a merged album of the original Allegria album from 1982 and Luna de Fuego from 1983. The decision was also made to delete four tracks from the two European recordings possibly to make the double recording fit onto one CD. The four songs which didn't make the cut were Djobi Djoba Pharaon Recuerda and Gipsyrock.Unlike the Gipsy Kings' other U.S.
 Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by the American blues rock band ZZ Top released in 1992. Viva Las Vegas and Gun Love were two new tracks. It was also released as a vinyl album with some tracks omitted from the CD version.
 Brasil Nordeste is the eleventh solo album by Brazilian musician Zé Ramalho. It was released in 1991 after a four-year gap with no albums.
 Flashback is a compilation album of outtakes and rare songs released by Joan Jett and the Blackhearts. The album was initially released in late 1993 and was reissued in 1998 with a slightly different track listing.
 Usual Suspects is the fourth album by the 5th Ward Boyz released on November 18 1997 through Rap-a-Lot Records.Most of the production came from Mike Dean who had produced the majority of the group's previous three albums and Leroy Mr. Lee Williams.
 She's Been Waiting is Kristy Hanson's 2003 second release.
 Killer Show is Nightmare's fifth studio album. It was released May 21 2008 in three different versions: one with just a CD; one with a CD+DVD; and a limited edition with a CD+DVD and a photo book. The album peaked at #5 in the Oricon Charts. The eleventh song White Room was released as a limited single download on their homepage.
 Garbage Video also known as Home Video was a 1996 short-form VHS and Video CD release that included all of Garbage's promotional music videos filmed up until that point. Garbage Video was directed by Karen Lamond and produced by Luke Copeland for Oil Factory Films.Garbage Video was the last major release to promote parent album Garbage and was issued by Almo Sights & Sounds/Geffen in North America and by Mushroom Records worldwide.
 This article describes an album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 33 or Now 33 was released in October 2002. The album is the 33rd edition of the South African Now! series.
 Luxury of Life is the debut album by the British pop group Five Star. Though not a great success when it was first released in the summer of 1985 the album eventually peaked at number 12 in early 1986 and spent a total of 70 weeks in the UK Albums Chart. It was certified Platinum in October 1986 for sales of over 300000 copies in the UK.
 Monument is a best of album by Norwegian rock band Seigmen.
 Jah No Dead is a studio album by Burning Spear released in 2003.
 Overdressed is the eighth major studio release from Caedmon's Call released in August 2007. It features collaboration with former member and successful solo artist Derek Webb. If the album is ordered through Caedmon's Call's website you can order the Limited Edition which has two additional tracks.
 Budućnost sada (The Future Now) is the debut album by the Serbian alternative rock band Supernaut released by Zvono Records in 1993. The cover for the album available only on compact cassette was designed by Srđan Marković Đile. After the album release the band got the epithet the most non-commercial band in Belgrade.
 Seal is the fourth album (and third self-titled album) by Seal. It follows the aborted sessions for Togetherland which was scrapped because Seal thought it was not up to the standard of his previous work. To avoid confusion with past albums the album is sometimes referred to informally as Seal IV the official title in Australia.In the United Kingdom the album debuted at number four. In the United States it debuted at number three in the U.S.
 Framed is the 1972 debut album by The Sensational Alex Harvey Band. The album was released separately on CD but is more widely available on a 2 in 1 album the other album being Next. This album also features a cover of the song written by Willie Dixon and originally performed by Muddy Waters I Just Want To Make Love To You. The title track is a Leiber/Stoller song recorded by The Robins.
 De Colección is the second Hits album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro It was released in 1996
 This article describes the 15th album in the Canadian Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 15 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow! 15 is a music compilation album that was released on 2 February 2010. The album is the 15th edition of the Canadian Now! series.
 Semi-Gloss is the 1997 self-titled debut studio album by Semi-Gloss.A different recording of the song Morning Takes the Night appears on the band's previous EP Teenie. The song Eight Million Strong appears on Teenie; the version on Semi-Gloss is a remix.The album cover design was inspired by the 1956 Blue Note recording Volume One by Sonny Rollins.
 Japandorf is a 2013 album by Klaus Dinger and several other musicians released under the name Klaus Dinger + Japandorf by Grönland Records. It was recorded in the year before Dinger's death on Good Friday 2008 and is the only one of three albums made since 1998 to have been released. It was originally intended to be released as a La Düsseldorf album but this was blocked at the last minute by Hans Lampe the band's original drummer.
 Livin' the Life is an album recorded by Chris and Lorin Rowan in 1972. If contains unreleased studio recordings from 1972.
 Planet Earth Rock and Roll Orchestra is an album by Paul Kantner and his last solo studio album. The title comes from an unofficial name for San Francisco artists who recorded on various albums in 1970–1973 also known as PERRO. The song Mountain Song is dedicated to David C Jerry G Graham N Grace S David F Billy K and Mickey H and to one summer when all of our schedules almost didn't conflict and was written during the 70's recording sessions by Kantner and Jerry Garcia.
 The Glorious Unfolding was the sixteenth studio album by Contemporary Christian musician Steven Curtis Chapman which was released on September 30 2013 by Reunion Records and produced by himself along with Brent Milligan. This was his first album released by Reunion Records and it was his nineteenth album for his career. The album has seen commercial success as well as critical acclaim.
 Loretta Lynn's Greatest Hits is a 1968 compilation album of American country singer-songwriter Loretta Lynn's biggest hits from 1962 to 1967.This was Lynn's first Greatest Hits album under Decca and she would end up recording two major ones for the label. The album consisted of 11 tracks containing Lynn's biggest hits between 1962 and 1966 starting with her first hit single Success which went to #6.
 Insomniatic is the third studio album by American pop rock duo Aly & AJ released on July 10 2007 by Hollywood Records. The album features an electronic based sound differing from their previous pop-rock and acoustic releases that was accented with the use of synthesizers sampling drum programming and vocal processing affects.
 Perpetuum Mobile is an album by Einstürzende Neubauten. It is an offshoot of their first supporters-only recording experiment. It was released with Mute Records in part to facilitate a world tour.
 Dark Star: The Music of the Grateful Dead is an album by the David Murray Octet released on Astor Place (label). It was released in 1996 and contains Murray's versions of compositions by the Grateful Dead.
 Siam Shade Tribute is a tribute album to Japanese rock band Siam Shade released on October 27 2010. It is composed of covers of their songs by Western artists (except the bonus track) and is produced by well-known American producer Marti Frederiksen.A two-disc limited pressing was released the following year on July 27 2011 titled Siam Shade Tribute vs Original the second disc contains Siam Shades' original recordings.
 Hiddo & Dhaqan (Culture & Tradition) is an album by Somali singer Aar Maanta. It was released on November 16 2008.
 Peeli Patti Aur Raja Jani Ki Gol Dunya (Urdu: پیلی پتی اور راجہ جانی کی گول دنیا) is the second album released by Pakistani pop/rock band Noori. The album was released on 10 September 2005. Noori's singles from this album were Nishaan Meray Log and Kuttay Te Tho Uttay. Singles like Kuttay Te tho Uttay and Nishaan did well at music charts.
 Odetta Sings Folk Songs is an album by American folk singer Odetta first released in 1963. It was her second release on her new label RCA Victor and is out of print. It peaked at number 75 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts.
 Shadowland is the fifth studio album by Swedish power metal band Nocturnal Rites released in 2002.
 New Takamagahara is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. Takama-ga-hara refers to the dwelling place of the gods in Shinto.
 Unlimited Genocide is an anarcho-punk split-album by the band Oi Polloi and A.O.A.. It was released in 1986 on (C.O.R. Records).
 Bossa Nova is an album by Brazilian guitarist Bola Sete released in 1962 through Fantasy Records.
 Unquestionable Presence: Live At Wacken is a two disc live album by the technical death metal band Atheist. Disc one features the band's reunion performance at Wacken Open Air in 2006 and disc two features a compilation of Atheist tracks from previous albums.
 Contrast is the first Klinik album after Dirk Ivens' departure.
 Shirley Bassey at the Pigalle is Shirley Bassey's first live album recorded on the opening night of an eight week engagement at the Pigalle a nightclub in the West End of London. This performance on the 12th of September 1965 earned Bassey outstanding reviews. The album was released that same year. It was Bassey's final album for EMI's Columbia label.
 Cassidy Live! was David Cassidy's fourth solo album and final album released on Bell Records. It was released in 1974 and was recorded live in Britain. It was produced by Cassidy and Barry Ainsworth on Bell Records. The recording captures some of the mass hysteria that surrounded Cassidy's live performances at that time. The album peaked at #8 on the UK album charts.Please Please Me was released as single from this album in the UK where it reached #16 on the British singles chart.
 The Tourniquet is Magnet's third album first released in Norway on May 30 2005 where it debuted on the album chart at #2. The album is named after the drink The Tourniquet which Even sampled in a Singapore airport bar en route back from Los Angeles after recording there. There were two singles released from the album: Hold On in August 2005 and Fall at Your Feet in December 2005. The song Believe was scheduled to be the third single but was canceled.
 The Boys Are Back is the sixth studio album released by the American country music band Sawyer Brown. Released in 1989 on Capitol Records it features three singles: The Race Is On (a cover of a George Jones song) I Did It for Love and Puttin' the Dark Back into the Night.
 3er arco (3rd arch) is the third album by Argentine rock band Los Piojos. Recorded and mixed between June and July in 1996 at Del Cielito Records. It was officially presented at the Arpegios Theatre. Two concerts at the Estadio Obras in September two concerts at the Microestadio de Ferro in November and three more concerts at the Estadio Obras in December.It is included in The 100 best argentine rock albums as listed on the Rolling Stone magazine.
 Don Cartagena is the third studio album by Fat Joe and his first for Atlantic Records. Don Cartagena debuted at #7 on the Billboard 200. The album was certified Gold.[citation needed]
 The Death Of Tragedy is a gothic hybrid of industrial dance Celtic Symphonic and Middle Eastern musics from Abney Park.
 Big Band Reflections of Cole Porter is the first album by the Jazz Orchestra of the Delta and features trumpeter Marvin Stamm and vocalist Sandra Dudley this was released in June 2003 on the Summit Records jazz label. The CD has been extensively reviewed across the United States and the U.K. and garnered consistently high praise from critics.
 Čovek is the sixth solo album by Škabo a member of the Belgrade hip hop collective Beogradski sindikat. It contains the following 7 tracks: Ubistvo Čovek (Iz početka) Ogledalo Odgovornost Koncentrični krugovi Brate moj Stara pesma
 Full Sail is a third and final album by the progressive bluegrass band Chesapeake.It is marked by more original material by the group members - four songs by bassist Coleman as well as one by guitarist Klein.
 Astral Rejection is the second album by American experimental band I Set My Friends On Fire. The album's original release date was June 22 2010 but due to an altercation with the album artwork and Nabil Moo leaving the band it was postponed. The first single to be released from the album was a demo called Excite Dyke which was released on June 15 2010. The second single It Comes Naturally was released on March 21 2011.
 New Lexicon is the third full-length album from Philadelphia's Paint It Black. It was released on Jade Tree Records on February 19 2008. Over a month before the album's release date on January 6 the band gave away copies of the Goliath 7 single to everyone that came out to their record release show at the First Unitarian Church of Philadelphia.
 We Sing and Play is an E.P. by Baboon. It was self-released in 1999. Due to the band's disenchantment with their former record label (Wind-Up) they decided to release this disc without the support of a label. The copyright notice on the back of the disc reads No label affiliation here just rock band.
 Church Clothes is the first mixtape by Christian hip hop artist Lecrae released for free on May 10 2012 and hosted by DJ Don Cannon. It was noted for featuring No Malice of Clipse on the song Darkest Hour and for including production work from 9th Wonder Boi-1da S1 and Street Symphony. Label-mates Tedashii and Andy Mineo as well as other fellow Christian hip-hop artists such as Dre Murray Thi'sl Swoope Christon Gray and Braille also made appearances on the album.
 For El Gato Negro see El Gato Negro (disambiguation)Gato Negro (Black Cat in Spanish) is 7 Year Bitch's final album and their only full-length to appear on a major label (Atlantic Records).The record spawned three singles: The History Of My Future 24900 Miles Per Hour and Miss Understood as well as a video for 24900 Miles Per Hour.Although the band had a bigger fan base than ever Gato Negro failed to generate the sales Atlantic Records had hoped eventually leading to their dismissal from the label.
 Straight Outta Compton is the debut studio album by American hip hop group N.W.A released August 8 1988 on group member Eazy-E's record label Ruthless Records. Its title refers to the group's native town Compton California. Production for the album was handled by Dr. Dre with DJ Yella giving co-production. The album has been viewed as the pioneering record of gangsta rap; with its ever-present profanity and violent lyrics it helped to give birth to this then-new sub-genre of hip hop.
 Owen is the eponymous full length debut album by the band Owen. It was released on September 18 2001.
 The Vive O 2004! is an album with various artists released on June 14 2004 as the official music album for UEFA Euro 2004 in Portugal.
 The Hook is the third studio album by guitarist Jukka Tolonen released in 1974 through Love Records; a remastered edition was reissued in 2004.
 Shio Koshō (塩、コショウ Salt & Pepper) is Japanese band Greeeen's third studio album released on June 10 2009. There is a limited edition having DVD. There is another limited edition having bonus track Kiseki.With the sales of over 101000 copies in the first day the album debuted at number-one position on the Oricon daily album charts. The album debuted at the number-one position on the Oricon weekly album charts selling over 452000 copies in its first week.
 Cat 'n' Mouse is an album by guitarist John Abercrombie with violinist Mark Feldman bassist Marc Johnson and drummer Joey Baron recorded in 2000 and released on the ECM label
 Get Home Safely is the second studio album by American rapper Dom Kennedy. The album was released on October 15 2013. The album features guest appearances from Skeme Krondon TeeFLii Ty Dolla Sign and Nipsey Hussle.
 Once Again is the second studio album by American singer John Legend issued by GOOD Music and Sony Music Entertainment on October 24 2006. Legend co-wrote and co-produced the bulk of the album working with collaborators such as Kanye West will.i.am Raphael Saadiq Craig Street Sa-Ra Eric Hudson Devo Springsteen Dave Tozer and Avenue.Singles from the album include Save Room Heaven P.D.A.
 Fabricator is BWO's third studio album (fourth in total) and was released on September 19 2007. It contains mostly new songs but also included a remake of Alcazar's Save my Pride which also served as the first single of this album. Also included is Chariots of Fire which was previously released on the group's sophomore studio album Halcyon Days.
 This Rather Than That is an album by American jazz vibraphonist and pianist Buddy Montgomery recorded in 1969 for the Impulse! label.
 The Year of the Leopard is an album by James Yorkston.Released on September 25 2006 in the UK The Year of the Leopard is the third studio album by Yorkston though the first to be credited without his band The Athletes. The album was released on double 10 vinyl and on CD initial copies of the CD came with a 6 track CD of demo recordings. The album was released in the USA on January 23 2007.
 Fort Nightly is the debut Studio album by the American indie rock band White Rabbits. It was released May 22 2007 on Say Hey Records.
 Caedmon's Call is the first major release from Houston Texas based outfit Caedmon's Call. It was recorded at Nickel & Dime Studios in Avondale Estates GA (Engineer Don McCollister).
 Farewell Tour is the first live album by American rock band The Doobie Brothers released in 1983. (see 1983 in music). It documents the group's 1982 Farewell Tour. By the early 1980s the Doobie Brothers had evolved from the guitar-boogie sound under original band frontman Tom Johnston to a soulful keyboard-driven AOR sound under Michael McDonald. Despite the many personnel changes in the group Patrick Simmons remained from the original incarnation of the group.
 The Protomen is the debut album release by indie rock band The Protomen. It is a rock opera loosely based on the Mega Man video game series and the first volume of a planned series of albums on this theme. The follow-up Act II: The Father of Death was released on September 8 2009.
 Remnants of a Deeper Purity is the sixth studio album by the darkwave band Black Tape for a Blue Girl. It was released in 1996 by Projekt Records. A cassette version was released in 1997 on Poland's Black Flames Productions. In 2007 Remnants of a Deeper Purity ~10th Anniversary 2-CD Edition was released with a bonus disc including the With My Sorrows ep from the same era.
 Because of the Times is the third album by Kings of Leon. Because of the Times was released on March 30 2007 in Ireland/Australia April 2 2007 in the UK and April 3 2007 in the US (see 2007 in music). The album has received generally positive reviews and has appeared in numerous Top-10 lists for Album of the Year. In 2009 Clash named the album number 3 on the Clash Essential 50 a list of the most important albums released since the magazine's inception in 2004.
 Classics selected by Brian Wilson is a compilation of songs by The Beach Boys and released through Capitol Records in mid-2002. It was compiled by Brian Wilson himself that February. It includes a new recording of an unreleased 1970s track California Feelin' not by The Beach Boys but Wilson and his live band.Brian wrote in the liner notes:Picking just 19 Beach Boys favourites is one of the hardest things I ever had to do.
 Hidden Stash III is the second b-sides and rarities collection from the Kottonmouth Kings released on November 21 2006 and is a 3 disc CD-DVD combo. The album peaked #199 on the Billboard 200 and #12 on the Top Independent Albums chart on the week of December 9 2006. The album is composed of b-sides remixes solo tracks from Kottonmouth Kings members and songs by other artists that feature guest appearances by Kottonmouth Kings members.
 Velvet & Brass is a 1995 album by Mel Tormé with Rob McConnell's Boss Brass big band. This was Tormé's second recording with the band his first was released in 1987. Velvet & Brass was Tormé's final studio album.
 Pink Razors is the fourth full-length album by pop punk band Chixdiggit. It was released in 2005.
 Living With A Tiger is a 2009 studio album by Acoustic Ladyland.
 Abstract Point of View is a studio album by guitarist Faraz Anwar released in December 2001 through Gnarly Geezer Records (an independent label founded in the late 1990s by guitarist Allan Holdsworth) and on September 21 2004 through Lion Music.
 11Live: Jars of Clay in Concert is a concert video DVD recorded and released by Jars of Clay's tour in support of their studio album The Eleventh Hour. The audio version of the tracks from the concert DVD appear on disc two of Furthermore: From the Studio From the Stage with the exception of Love Song for a Savior Unforgetful You The Edge of Water and Collide while the songs This Road and The Eleventh Hour are both omitted from this DVD release.
 The Eyes of Stanley Pain is an album by Download.
 Live in Poland is a live album by the progressive rock group Emerson Lake & Palmer. It features a performance in Katowice Poland during June 1997. The performance was originally released exclusively in Poland in 1997 with a different cover by Polish music company Metal Mind Productions (the tracklist was the same as on the Austrian release with piano solo as a separate track; Karn Evil: 1st Impression Part 2 was entitled Welcome Back).
 Ultimate Collection is a box set by the German pop group No Angels released by Polydor Records on June 30 2003 (see 2003 in music) in German-speaking Europe. It comprises both Special Winter Edition reissues of their first two albums Elle'ments (2001) and Now... Us! (2002) as well as a DVD containing their When the Angels Swing (2002) swing concert.
 Something Bitchin' This Way Comes is the sole album by Lock Up released in July 1989. It is the first label-released album to feature Tom Morello.The album was re-released in 1997 by Manifesto Records.
 Land of Enchantment is the fifteenth album by American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey. The album reached number 33 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Paint and Paint is the second album by the British band Haircut One Hundred released in 1984. Their first and only album released after lead singer Nick Heyward's departure from the group in early 1983 it features Mark Fox as lead vocalist.Unlike the band's first album Paint and Paint was not a commercial success and failed to chart and none of the singles released from it reached the UK Top 40.
 Eden Roc (1999) is a music album by the Italian pianist Ludovico Einaudi. Eden Roc is the name of a number of localities and hotels around the world.
 Dreams Can Come True Greatest Hits Vol. 1 is a Greatest Hits album by British pop artist Gabrielle. It was released in 2001.
 Noctambulant is the second album by the Swedish death metal band Spawn of Possession. It was released on July 4 2006.
 Spain is a studio album by Michel Camilo and Tomatito released in 2000. It was recorded at Carriage House Studios in August 1999 and publish by Universal Music under various labels around the world.
 The Velveteen Age is an EP released by Diane Birch. It consists of covers of songs she enjoyed while growing up. She is backed up by the Phenomenal Handclap Band.
 Jubilee is a Sex Pistols singles compilation issued in 2002 to celebrate the Sex Pistols' 25th anniversary Jubilee (as well as the Golden Jubilee of Elizabeth II). The album also included promo videos for God Save the Queen Anarchy in the U.K. and Pretty Vacant.The track Pretty Vacant (Live) is from the 1996 reunion tour.
 The Right Time is the first album by Swedish pop singer Bosson. It was released in 1998 under MNW and BAM.
 The Grimmrobe Demos is Sunn O)))'s first recorded album and is the most direct representation of its self-proclaimed Earth-worship. It was originally limited to 500 copies by Hydra Head Records but in 2005 Southern Lord Records reissued it on CD and vinyl with a bonus live track.
 Hôtel Costes Vol. 5: Cinq is a downtempo/lounge album compiled and mixed by Stéphane Pompougnac resident DJ of the Parisian cafe/restaurant Hôtel Costes.
 A Different Drummer is a 1971 big band recording by jazz drummer Buddy Rich for the RCA Records label.
 French Songs and Arias is an album released by New Zealand opera diva Kiri Te Kanawa in 1997.
 New Directions is the eleventh album by American soul/R&B group Tavares released in 1982. It is the group's first album for RCA following their departure from Capitol. Lead single A Penny for Your Thoughts peaked at #16 on the R&B chart and #33 on the Billboard Hot 100 the group's highest placing on that chart since 1977 and which would turn out to be their last single to register there. The track was nominated for a Grammy award in 1982.
 Weathershow is an EP released by former Belle & Sebastian member Isobel Campbell under the name of The Gentle Waves. The album was released on March 1999.
 Portishead is the second album of the Bristol-based group Portishead released in 1997. The album reached No. 2 on the UK Album Chart and No. 21 on the Billboard 200 chart.On 3 December 2008 Universal Music Japan re-released Dummy and Portishead as a limited SHM-CD version.[citation needed]
 All of My Senses is an EP from Grant Hart formerly of the band Hüsker Dü.
 Maths + English is the third studio album by British rapper Dizzee Rascal. The album went gold in the UK after selling over 100000 copies.
 Tysk Hudindustri (Danish for German Flesh Industry) is the third studio album from the Danish heavy metal band Red Warszawa.The album has the under-title Greatest Hits 1986-2000 Volume 3.
 Portrait of a Legend: 1951–1964 is a compilation album by American singer-songwriter Sam Cooke released posthumously on June 17 2003 by ABKCO Records. The disc covers Cooke's entire career from his early 1950s beginnings with the Soul Stirrers to the posthumous 1964 single Shake.
 Home for an Island is the second studio album by The Exit. It was originally released on September 7 2004 on Some Records. On October 11 2005 the album was re-released by Wind-up Records with a different track list and a number of changes to the recording.
 Live At World's End is the third album of the New Zealand Christian Hip Hop/ Rock band Rapture Ruckus. Released on 8 December 2008 the album it made a debut in the NZ Top 40 at #7 and #16 on the IMNZ independent chart. The album was a Live CD/ DVD of their performance at the Parachute Music festival in Hamilton New Zealand in the January 2008 in front of a crowd of some 25000 people.
 YBNL (abbreviation for Yahoo Boy No Laptop) is the second studio album by Nigerian hip hop recording artist Olamide. It was released on November 12 2012 as a follow up to his debut studio album Rapsodi (2011). The album features guest appearances from Kay Switch Tiwa Savage Dammy Krane Davido Kidakudz Reminisce Base 1 Buckwyla and Minus 2.
 Comedia is the third solo album by Héctor Lavoe. It was released on 1978 under the label of Fania Records. It is notable for the song El Cantante which was written by Rubén Blades.
 Holy Shit is the second full-length studio album by Canadian pop punk band Living with Lions released on May 17 2011.The album is the first and only release to feature vocalist Stu Ross.A music video was made for the song Honesty Honestly.
 Indian Summer is an album by Carbon Leaf released on July 13 2004 on the Vanguard label. Carbon Leaf's first major-label release Indian Summer brought the band more popular attention and national radio airplay.
 Most of the Worst and Some of the Best is the second official album by Sentridoh the solo home recording project of American rock musician Lou Barlow of Sebadoh and Folk Implosion. It was released by Shrimper Records in 1992.
 Mi Plan (Spanish: My Plan) is the fourth studio album by Canadian recording artist Nelly Furtado. It was released on 11 September 2009 by Nelstar Entertainment and Universal Latino. The album was produced primarily by Furtado with other contributions made by James Bryan Lester Mendez Salaam Remi The Demolition Crew Julieta Venegas and Brian West.
 Blunderbuss is an EP by singer-songwriter Teddy Thompson. Released on October 22 2004 between his debut album and Separate Ways; the EP is permanently out of stock and difficult to obtain. A variation of Turning the Gun On Myself appears on Thompson's 2008 album A Piece of What You Need.
 Anicca is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The first track was recorded at Tin Pan Alley Studios in London England. The title refers to the Buddhist concept of impermanence. The album Protean World also features photos of an overgrown ruined building and was recorded at the same time as the last two tracks of Anicca.
 Für Euch die Ihr liebt is a double-CD studio album released by electro-medieval/darkwave band Helium Vola. It was released in 2009 by Chrom Records.
 Law of the Blade is a full-length studio album by German heavy metal band Paragon released in 2002.
 Bajofondo Remixed is an album by Bajofondo it includes remixes of tracks originally from Bajofondo Tango Club and Supervielle albums remixed in 2005 in Buenos Aires Montevideo Córdoba Paris and New York.
 Tighten Up Vol. 88 is the third album by Big Audio Dynamite recorded mixed and released at the Beethoven St. Studios in West London in early 1988 (see 1988 in music).The album derives its name from Tighten Up compilation series by Trojan Records. Album cover was designed by Paul Simonon former bassist of The Clash and Mick Jones' bandmate. Back sleeve photograph by Dan Donovan and Josh Cheuse. Inner illustration by Kiely Jenkins. Artwork by D.D. & Designlines.
 Ooh Las Vegas is a compilation album of songs by the Scottish rock band Deacon Blue. It contains B-sides unreleased tracks and songs written for William McIlvanney's television play Dreaming.The Japanese release also included the four tracks from the Four Bacharach & David Songs EP.
 En Vivo: Desde Mexico is the first live album (third overall) of the Chilean pop/rock group Kudai. It was released on October 2 2007.
 Worlds in Collision is Pere Ubu's eighth studio album. The album continues in the glossy pop mold found on their previous studio album Cloudland. For this album Eric Drew Feldman (Captain Beefheart Snakefinger the Residents the Pixies) takes over from departing original member Allen Ravenstine on synthesizer duties though Ravenstine makes some guest appearances.Though out of print for many years a reissue was announced in early 2007.
 Crystal Ball is a four-disc box set by American recording artist Prince. It contains three compilation albums of previously bootlegged material along with The Truth a bonus disc of 12 new acoustic songs. Internet pre-orders included an instrumental album Kamasutra.Prince once planned to release a 3-LP album around 1986 also called Crystal Ball. That album was edited down to a 2-LP and renamed Sign o' the Times. Its title track became the title track for this compilation 10 years later.
 There's Something Going On is the second studio album by rock band Babybird released in 1998.Unlike the band's previous album Ugly Beautiful only one of the tracks is an alternative version of an original recording made by lead singer Stephen Jones before the band was formed. The original version of I Was Never Here can be heard on Fatherhood. The album was voted #14 in NME's albums of the year for 1998.
 Expensive Vomit in a Cheap Hotel is the second album by Wisconsin-based band Sleeping in the Aviary. Originally released on October 14 2008 it was re-released on vinyl on July 26 2012. The band's frontman Elliott Kozel wrote some of the album's songs in a hospital in Colorado waiting to find out if his mom would die (she didn't).
 Newborn is the eighth album by James Gang released in 1975 and the only released on Atlantic Records.Guitarist Tommy Bolin and singer Roy Kenner left the band and were replaced by guitarist Richard Shack and vocalist Bubba Keith. This album is notable for being perhaps the most boogie-based James Gang release and for featuring a cover of the Elvis Presley classic Heartbreak Hotel.
 Cilvia Demo is the debut extended play (EP) by American hip hop recording artist Isaiah Rashad released on January 28 2014 under Top Dawg Entertainment. The EP features guest appearances from Jean Deaux and Michael Da Vinci as well as his Top Dawg label-mates SZA Schoolboy Q and Jay Rock. The EP's production was handled by several record producers namely Ross Vega Mr. Carmack Joseph Stranger Black Metaphor The Antydote Farhot Chris Calor D.
 Controlled by Hatred/Feel Like Shit...Déjà Vu is the fourth studio album by the American thrash metal/crossover thrash band Suicidal Tendencies which was released on October 17 1989 by Epic Records. Despite containing previously released material Controlled by Hatred/Feel Like Shit...Déjà Vu is still considered a studio album rather than an EP or a compilation album.
 Official Bootleg CD - Live at the Tim Sims Theatre is a Canadian comedy album performed by The Frantics comedy troupe. It contains largely new material (the only exceptions are Einstein Song and Dutch Cowboys which derive from their Frantic Times radio series) used in their Older But Wider tour in 2004. The sketches were recorded from a single night's performance on June 24 2004 at the Tim Sims Playhouse in Toronto.
 Saturday Morning: Cartoons' Greatest Hits is a tribute album of songs from Saturday morning children’s television shows and cartoons (mostly) from the 1960s and 1970s. The project was produced by Ralph Sall with the songs performed by alternative rock artists. It was released in 1995 by MCA on LP CD and cassette and peaked at #67 on the Billboard 200.
 Long After Dark is the fifth album by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers released in November 1982 on Backstreet Records. Notable for the major MTV hit You Got Lucky the album was also the first to feature the late Howie Epstein on bass and harmony vocals. Epstein's vocals are evident throughout the album most notably on Change of Heart. From this point on Epstein's vocals became an integral part of the Heartbreakers' sound.
 Bon Voyage co. (泰安洋行 Taian Yōkō) is Haruomi Hosono's third solo album. This album continues the tropical style of Hosono House and Tropical Dandy (which would continue later on with Paraiso) while showing influence from the music of New Orleans and also features performances from Tin Pan Alley and Happy End (excluding Takashi Matsumoto.
 The Abbey Road is an EP by Red Hot Chili Peppers released in 1988 through EMI America. Out of the five tracks included on this EP four had already been previously released on the band's studio albums. The only new track is a cover of the song Fire by Jimi Hendrix which was recorded during the sessions for Freaky Styley and included as the b-side to Fight Like a Brave.
 BET Presents Chris Brown is a DVD released by the American R&B singer-songwriter Chris Brown. The DVD was originally packaged with Exclusive exclusively at Wal-mart. The release features BET highlights performance highlights and music videos from throughout Brown's career. Brown gives a candid interview as he talks about the production of Exclusive. The DVD also features BET highlights performance highlights and music videos from throughout Brown's career.
 A Cold Piece of Work is an album by Vallejo California rapper Jay Tee from N2Deep/Latino Velvet.
 Music of Hair is Andrew Bird's first released album. The album came out in 1996. The tracks featured were written in Bird's early twenties and the album was released when he was 23. The album features contributions from musicians Colin Bunn Dave Dieckmann Kat Eggleston Al Ehrich Kevin O'Donnell; and James Jimbo Mathus Katharine Whalen and Chris Phillips from Squirrel Nut Zippers.
 Last Chance to Dance Trance (Perhaps): Best Of (1991–1996) is a greatest hits compilation released by Medeski Martin & Wood.
 Lucacentric is a 1994 album by hip-hop musician Lucas. The album peaked at number four on Billboard 200 chart. It features the song Lucas With the Lid Off which charted in the top ten in ten countries[citation needed] sold over a million copies worldwide[citation needed] and made the top 30 in the Billboard Hot 100.
 Planets is an EP by Australian pop punk band Short Stack released on 24 September 2010. To coincide with the release of Planets Short Stack performed the song live at Federation Square in Melbourne. The event was televised live on Sunrise. The single Planets debuted at #4 on the ARIA Charts. The EP is a pre-release to their second album This Is Bat Country. The three bonus songs which come on the Planets EP are not included on the album.
 It Was Almost Like a Song was the eighth studio album of Country music artist Ronnie Milsap. It was released in 1977 under the RCA Records label. The album produced two #1 hits for Milsap including the title track which marked his debut on the Adult Contemporary chart peaking at #7 and reaching #16 on the Billboard 100.
 Shonen Knife is a 1990 release from Shonen Knife compiling their first two albums Burning Farm (1983) and Yama-no Attchan (1984) for the US market.
 Herzblut is an EP by German female hard rock singer Doro Pesch released in 2009 through AFM Records. The EP contains five version of the power ballad Herzblut also sung in French Spanish and Portuguese. The EP was issued a few weeks before the album Fear No Evil in 2009.The EP reached position No. 71 in the German singles chart.
 We Had It All is the tenth studio album by the American solo artist Scott Walker. It was released in August 1974 but was unsuccessful on the music charts. No singles were released from the album. It was Walker's final solo album for ten years in the interim Walker reformed The Walker Brothers.Four of the ten songs on the album were written by Billy Joe Shaver and had previously appeared on Waylon Jennings 1973 Outlaw country album Honky Tonk Heroes.
 The Best of Farmer's Daughter is the greatest hits album by Canadian country music group Farmer's Daughter and was released in 1999 by Universal Music Canada.
 Hot on the One is a 1980 live double album by James Brown. Recorded in Tokyo it was Brown's next-to-last album for Polydor Records.
 Dawn... A New Beginning is the only EP by the Australian progressive metal band Eyefear self-released in 1999.
 A Soap Bubble and Inertia is the debut album by Canadian alternative rock band The Gandharvas. It was released in 1994 on the Thermometer Sound Surface record label. The album's title is taken from a line in the novel Notes from Underground by Fyodor Dostoevsky.The album's single The First Day of Spring was named Song of the Year for 1994 (CASBY Award) by The Edge 102.1 in Toronto Ontario.
 Los Dueños del Flow is a compilation album by various artists presented by Noztra.
 A Carnival Christmas is the third EP by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse released on December 6 1994 by Psychopathic Records. It was reissued in 1997 by Island Records with alternate artwork. The reissue removed the EP's final two tracks. The first two songs on the EP are included in the compilation Forgotten Freshness Volumes 1 & 2.
 Power of Eternity is twentieth studio album from rock band Wishbone Ash. It marks the first recording to feature the band's new drummer Joseph Crabtree.
 Before Everything & After is the 2003 release from Christian Punk band MxPx released on A&M Records. The album achieved the band's highest ever chart position on the Billboard 200 peaking at number 51.
 Following Sea is the seventh studio album by Belgian alternative rock band dEUS. It was released with little warning or pre-release publicity on June 1 2012.The band's previous album Keep You Close was released less than a year previously making this an uncharacteristically quick release.
 You Are Not Alone is the thirteenth studio album by American gospel and soul singer Mavis Staples released September 14 2010 on ANTI- Records. It won the Grammy Award for Best Americana Album at the 53rd annual Grammy Awards.
 Annie Up is the second studio album by American country girl group Pistol Annies but this is the first album with RCA Nashville. The group consists of Miranda Lambert Ashley Monroe and Angaleena Presley. Annie Up started with 83000 albums sold in the first week.The vinyl LP version of the record was pressed by United Record Pressing in Nashville TN.
 Portrait Of Johnny is the fifteenth album released by Johnny Mathis. It is the third compilation of hit singles released by him.
 Frank Ifield is an album by country and pop singer Frank Ifield with Norrie Paramor and his orchestra issued on the World Record Club label. This label sold albums by mail order which made this album rather obscure and probably rare as very few references to it can be found on the Internet. His album “Blue Skies” was also issued on this label as well as on the Columbia label in 1963.
 Rooster Rag is the fifteenth album of original material by American rock band Little Feat released in June 2012. It marks their first original album since 2003's Kickin' It at the Barn and the recording debut with the group of new drummer Gabe Ford who replaced the late Richie Hayward. Four of the songs were written by former Grateful Dead lyricist Robert Hunter in collaboration with keyboard player Bill Payne now the only musician to have played with every line-up of the group.
 Classics is a compilation album by Canadian rock band Triumph released in 1989 (see 1989 in music).
 Raise the Alarm is the debut album by British indie band The Sunshine Underground released 28 August 2006. NME have described the album as the first great album of the new rave movement that is currently being championed by the publication which includes the Klaxons and Shitdisco.
 The Plot Thickens is the third studio album by United Kingdom acid jazz group Galliano. It was released in the UK on Gilles Peterson's Talkin' Loud record label on 27 May 1994. It was placed at number 44 in NME's list of the Top 50 Albums of 1994.
 Deseos is the 2005 debut solo album of the Sahrawi singer Mariem Hassan. The album was recorded at Axis estudios in Madrid and produced by guitarist Baba Salama who died of leukemia one week before the release of the album. With the use of two electric guitars (played by Baba Salama and Boika Hassan Mariem's brother) and two tbals (played by Fatta Sadaf and Leila) the album had been hailed as a fresh actualization of the traditional Sahrawi Haul traditional music.
 Glory in the Highest: A Christmas Record is the first Christmas music album by the Contemporary worship duo Shane & Shane. The album was released on October 14 2008 by Inpop Records label and the producer on the effort is Jason Hoard.
 San Ena Oniro (Greek: Σαν Ένα Όνειρο; English: Like a dream) is the first studio album by Greek Cypriot singer Ivi Adamou released in Greece and Cyprus on 22 July 2011 by Sony Music Greece. The album was re-released as a Euro Edition featuring the three songs that Adamou competed with in the Cypriot national final for the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 as well as a Greek-language version of one of the songs.
 Overpowered is the second solo studio album by Irish recording artist Róisín Murphy released on 11 October 2007 by EMI. The album was to be released in the United States in late 2008 or early 2009 but was cancelled by EMI due to financial difficulties on their part. Receiving widespread critical acclaim the album was more commercially successful than its predecessor debuting at number twenty on the UK Albums Chart.
 '7 Spirits' (stylized as '7 SPIRITS') is the first DVD released by artist Koda Kumi and was released the same day as her second studio album Grow into One. The DVD contains the PVs that correspond to her singles from albums 'Affection' and 'Grow into One'. Along with the PVs content also includes off-shots and bonus images.The DVD has sold more than 35439 copies since its release in March 2003.
 Dog in the Sand Frank Black's third album with backing group the Catholics was released by the Cooking Vinyl record label in 2001 and was produced by Nick Vincent. The album was generally met with favorable reviews.
 A Chicago Punk Rock Collaboration For The Kids Vol 1 is a 4 song EP by the Chicago Punk Rock super group The Black Sheep Band.The band's members included Jake Burns Eric Spicer of Naked Raygun three members of The Methadones (Dan Vapid Mike Byrne and Pete Mittler) and several others. Three original songs and one cover song are included on this 12 EP which is a charity project to benefit Children's Memorial Hospital in Chicago Illinois.
 Find Me is the debut EP by American artist and YouTube sensation Christina Grimmie. The album was released for digital download on June 14 2011. Physical copies of the album are sold at Grimmie's tour appearances and shows. Released independently the album was a commercial success. It debuted at number 35 on the Billboard 200 chart in the US. The album entered the top 10 of the Independent Albums in the US debuting and peaking at number 6.
 Anything Goes is a contemporary jazz album by the Brad Mehldau trio. The title track is Cole Porter's Anything Goes arranged for the trio. The album like many of Mehldau's other albums contains several jazz arrangements of pop/rock songs including Still Crazy After All These Years by Paul Simon and Everything in Its Right Place by Radiohead.
 Rock 'til You Drop is the twentieth studio album by English rock band Status Quo.
 Behind the Curtain is a compilation album by English rock band Wire. It was released in 1995.
 Thug Misses is the debut album by American rapper Khia. The album was released on April 23 2002 in the United States on Divine Records. The album spawned the hit single My Neck My Back (Lick It) peaking at #33 on the US Billboard 200 and certified Gold by the RIAA in September 2002. To date the album has sold 611000 copies in the US.
 Good Morning Beautiful is the debut album by Los Angeles indie band Irving.
 Your Mom's Favorite DJ is the third release by recording artist Kid Koala released on 25 September 2006.The CD of the album is made up of three audio tracks - two are mixes consisting of several short tracks mixed together and the third is a short sound effect. On the vinyl release one mix is on each side of the LP.
 20 bästa is a 1998 compilation album by Norwegian singer Elisabeth Andreassen.
 Chapter II: Family Reunion is the second album of Mo Thugs. It was certified Platinum.[citation needed]In this album several new faces emerged in the Mo Thugs camp such as: Thug Queen Felecia and Powder (who collaborated with Krayzie Bone and Layzie Bone on the album's second single Ghetto Cowboy.) This album also featured Bone Thugs N Harmony member Wish Bone who appeared on the album's first track.
 Hydroponic is an EP by 311 released in 1992. It was their last independent release before they were signed to Capricorn Records for their first studio album Music. It was considered the first EP with S.A. Martinez as an official member of the band. This EP was a six-track demo that contained four songs that would appear on their debut album Music. The four that made it to Music were all tuned down one half step.
 Lonely Girl was an LP album by Julie London released by Liberty Records under catalog number LRP-3012 as a monophonic recording in 1956 and later in stereo under catalog number LST-7029 in 1959.The album was reissued combined with the 1957 Julie London album Make Love to Me in compact disc form on January 28 2003 by EMI.
 En éxtasis (English: In ecstasy) is the fourth studio album by Mexican singer Thalía. The album was released in 1995 and soon became a huge success in Latin America and other countries. This is the first album Thalía recorded on the company EMI Music. This is also her first international release.En éxtasis produced seven hit singles received several certifications and consolidated her career projecting Thalia as an international superstar.
 Vulnerable is the sixth album by Tricky released in 2003.
 The Art of Love & War is the fourth studio album (fifth overall) by American R&B-soul singer–songwriter Angie Stone released in the United States on October 16 2007 by Stax Records. The album debuted and peaked at number eleven on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart selling 45000 copies in its first week becoming Stone's highest-charting album to date.
 Assassins DK United is the debut album by the electro-industrial band Psychopomps released in 1991 by Zoth Ommog Records and later through Cleopatra Records. The track Godshit was released as a single with a remix and two previously unreleased songs Meat Defeat and Down the Drain.
 Warlord is Skrewdriver's sixth full length album released on Rock-O-Rama Records.
 Lonely For The Last Time is the first full-length album by Seven Places on BEC Recordings.
 Dominium is the first studio album by the Portuguese death metal band Malevolence.
 Deborah Cox is the self-titled debut album of Deborah Cox released on September 12 1995. It was certified gold in the United States having sold over 500000 copies. The album consists of urban/dance-pop songs. It includes the hit singles Sentimental (U.S. #27) and Who Do U Love (U.S. #17). Other minor chart hits include Just Be Good To Me Sound of My Tears It Could've Been You and Where Do We Go from Here.
 Mr. Flamboyant is a six track EP by American rapper E-40. It was released by Sick Wid It Records on May 11 1991 on LP's and cassettes. The album features production by B-Legit D-Shot and E-40.
 Watertown is a 1969 studio album by the American singer Frank Sinatra.In a series of soliloquies the nameless narrator tells his heartbreaking story of personal loss; His wife has left him and their two boys for the lure of the big city. Watertown was produced and co-written by Bob Gaudio one of four members of the 1960s pop vocal group The Four Seasons. The songs were co-written by Jake Holmes. It is the only album Sinatra ever voiced over pre-recorded orchestral tracks.
 The Rough Guide To The Music Of Afghanistan is a world music compilation album originally released in 2010. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the release covers a wide breadth of the music of Afghanistan on Disc One and contains a bonus Disc Two highlighting the Ahmad Sham Sufi Qawwali Group. The album was compiled by Simon Broughton editor of world music magazine Songlines who also compiled The Rough Guide to the Music of Central Asia.
 Unbutton Your Heart is the debut studio album by Penny Hill. It was released on 12 March 2010.
 From the Ground Up: Edge's Picks from U2360° is a live album released by the Irish rock band U2 in December 2012 only available to u2.com subscribers. The 15 tracks recorded from the U2 360° Tour were selected by guitarist The Edge.
 Matter Has A Breaking Point is an album by the indie rock band Twothirtyeight.
 Bewitching the Pomerania is the second EP by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth. It was released in 1997 by Solistitium Records. It was recorded at P.J. Studios February 1997 and mastered at Vox Mortiis Studio. Bewitching the Pomerania also marks the band's passage from black metal music to a style more similar to death metal.
 Please Don't Leave Me is an album released by John Sykes in 1982 that edition contains only two versions of the song later in 1992 it was re-released with extra tracks from Tygers Of Pan Tang era.
 Metal is the twelfth studio album by the Canadian thrash metal band Annihilator. It was released on April 16 2007. However it wasn't released in the United States until January 15 2008. Waters gathered many famous guest musicians for the album.
 Part-Primitiv is a studio album by Section 25. It was released in June 2007 at West Orange studios in Preston. The two tracks featuring Jenny Ross Dream and Better Make Your Mind Up were reworked versions of demos which had been recorded in the Temple of Din - a small home studio in Poulton-Le-Fylde.
 Let the Blind Lead Those Who Can See but Cannot Feel is the first studio album by Atlas Sound the solo project of Deerhunter lead vocalist Bradford Cox. The album was released in North America by Kranky Records on February 19 2008 and in Europe by 4AD on May 5 2008. The tracks of Let the Blind Lead was constructed with computer-generated and recorded instruments in music software Ableton Live.
 Do Meu Jeito is the second studio album by Brazilian recording artist Kelly Key released on April 10 2003 by Warner Music.
 Of Fungi and Foe is the second solo album by Les Claypool. The album was released on the March 17 2009. The album featured Eugene Hütz Paulo Baldi Mike Dillon Lapland Miclovik Sam Bass Cage Claypool and Bryonn Bain.Claypool stated:Sometime back I was commissioned to write soundtrack music for two projects that promised to have quite a bit of very intense and unique imagery.
 Ferment is the first full-length album by the English alternative rock band Catherine Wheel released in 1992 on Fontana Records. Four songs (Shallow I Want to Touch You She's My Friend and Salt) had previously appeared on independently released 12 EPs and were re-recorded for inclusion on the album. The lead single Black Metallic reached the top ten (peaking at number nine) of the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart.
 Still Within the Sound of My Voice is the 43rd album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1987 (see 1987 in music).
 Rancho Texicano: The Very Best of ZZ Top is a best of album by American blues-rock band ZZ Top released in 2004 (see 2004 in music). The title is a portmanteau of texan and mexicano meaning Tex-mex Ranch. The compilation is essentially a pared-down version of the box set Chrome Smoke & BBQ released the previous year. All songs are original mixes that have been digitally remastered.
 Expired Love is the second extended play (EP) by American recording artist Emily Kinney released October 22 2013 by Em-K Music. The EP serves as the first official release by Kinney signed to Em-K Music. The EP provides pop and folk music performed by Kinney. The album was re-released on March 18 2014 with an additional two tracks.
 Pledge (stylized PL3DGE) is the fifth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Killer Mike released on May 17 2011 through SMC Recordings Grind Time Official Tree Leaf Records and Grand Hustle Records. The album's production was handled by Tha Bizness No I.D. Flying Lotus The Beat Bullies DJ Speedy Raz of the Beat Billionaires and Grind Time label-mates Smiff & Cash.
 Army of One is the thirteenth studio album by the American heavy metal band Riot. It was released on July 12 2006.According to the official website the album was recorded in 2003 and Mike DiMeo was effectively out of the band by the time it was released. It is the only Riot album to feature drummer Frank Gilchriest primarily known for his work with the band Virgin Steele.
 You Can't Trust a Ladder is the first studio album from indie rock band The Myriad. It was released on June 14 2005 through Floodgate Records.
 Brother Love's Travelling Salvation Show is the name of Neil Diamond's fourth studio album released in 1969. Four months after the title cut became a #22 hit Diamond recorded and released a new single Sweet Caroline which reached #4. Because of its popularity this song was added to the end of later pressings of the album which was also given a new sleeve.
 Love Amongst Ruin is the self-titled debut studio album by Love Amongst Ruin. It was released on September 13 2010.
 Extremely Rotten Live is a live album by Swedish death metal band Grave was released in 1997.At the time this was the final recorded work by the band before their temporary break-up and is rather infamous amongst its fanbase as a result of a lack of proper crowd interaction and the energy seemingly being drained from the group as they performed.
 Kitrino Galazio (English: Yellow Blue) is the title of the second studio album by Greek singer Anna Vissi released in Greece and Cyprus in 1979 by EMI Greece. It is her first album after her departure from Minos her previous record label. The album reached platinum status and was one of the best-selling albums of 1979 in Greece.
 The Whole Wide World is a 1979 compilation album by British new wave musician Wreckless Eric intended to break him in the American market. It consists of his singles up to that point some b-sides and selected tracks from the albums Wreckless Eric and The Wonderful World of Wreckless Eric.In 1980 an LP with the same track listing was added as a bonus to the album Big Smash!.
 Alone at Last is a solo album by vibraphonist Gary Burton recorded in 1971 featuring three performances from the Montreux Jazz Festival and four studio performances released on the Atlantic label. The album was awarded a Grammy for Best Jazz Performance by a Soloist at the 15th Grammy Awards.
 Lady Luck is the second full-length album by the heavy rock band Broadzilla. It was released in October 2001. The album has sold more than 8000 copies and was instrumental in Broadzilla's winning of several Detroit Music Awards.
 The Some Kind Of Dangerous (Deluxe Edition) is the a follow-up to Stop Dead’s debut EP but includes four new acoustic versions of the previous release. Released on June 20 2013 The Deluxe Edition was released via free download here and is also available to stream via Stop Dead's management at 81TwentyThree.com Spotify and various other websites.
 Trill Entertainment Presents: Survival of the Fittest is a compilation album by Trill Entertainment featuring rappers Lil' Boosie Foxx and Webbie.
 Minimum Serious is the third album by Minimum Serious. It was the first album released with Mercury Records.
 Cameo is the eighth studio album released by singer Dusty Springfield. Cameo is her first LP for the ABC Dunhill Records label. It was recorded in the States between July and October 1972 and released in the UK (by Philips Records) in May 1973 having appeared in the States some three months earlier. Cameo was produced by Steve Barri Dennis Lambert and Brian Potter who later went on to write and produce major hits for among others Glen Campbell The Four Tops and The Tavares.
 The Best of the Monkees is a Monkees compilation released by Rhino Entertainment. It contains 25 songs from The Monkees' repertoire listed in chronological order by release date. Also included is a Bonus karaoke CD with five tracks.
 Njihovi dani (Serbian Cyrillic: Њихови дани trans. Their Days) is the first and so far the only studio album released by Bora Đorđević. Although the album was recorded by the members of Đorđević's band Riblja Čorba Đorđević decided to release the album in his own name as the album criticizes the regime of the former president of FR Yugoslavia Slobodan Milošević and his wife Mirjana Marković.
 En gång till is a 1990 studio album from Swedish dansband Lotta & Anders Engbergs orkester.
 Euphonicmontage is the ninth studio album by Echo Orbiter. It was released on Looking Glass Workshop in 2010. The album has been described as “an innovative landmark in the world of indie rock.” With an experimental nature mixing a range of influences from writer Ayn Rand to The Flaming Lips Euphonicmontage was recorded to reflect the same Cubist style of Picasso’s paintings in musical form.
 June 2010 Rehearsal is an extended play by the American rock band Primus released on August 5 2010 worldwide. The EP has been released digitally from Primus' official website for free. It is the first Primus release to feature original drummer Jay Lane who left the band before their debut Suck on This.
 La Vida de un Genio (English: The Life of a Genius) is the third studio album by Mexican-American cumbia group A.B. Quintanilla y Los Kumbia All Starz and the seventh studio album by Mexican-American musician A.B. Quintanilla. It was released on July 27 2010 by EMI Latin and Capitol Latin. A digital deluxe edition containing interviews by A.B. Quintanilla about the songs and two versions of Hipnótika was also released on the same day on online music stores.
 Chieftains 2 is the second album released by the Irish musical group The Chieftains in 1969. It was Peadar Mercier's album debut on bodhran.When Seán Ó Riada disbanded Ceoltoiri Chualann in 1969 several of the players wanted to continue the sound they had pioneered. The result was the reformation of The Chieftains. The Foxhunt had previously been known as a piper's tune but here it was given a full band treatment and was widely played as a direct result of this recording.
 Singles is a two CD compilation of New Order's 1981–2005 singles released on 3 October 2005. Unlike the CD version of earlier singles compilation Substance the B-sides are not included.
 Stone Blue is the seventh studio album by English blues rock band Foghat released in May 1978 on Bearsville Records. Stone Blue paired Foghat with producer Eddie Kramer who had previously engineered recordings for Jimi Hendrix and Led Zeppelin. Kramer and Foghat didn't collaborate smoothly but the tension in the studio may have helped to give the album an added edge.
 Agnez Mo is the first English-language studio album by Indonesian recording artist Agnez Mo. The self-titled album introduced her new stage name which previously known as Agnes Monica. The songs off this album were originally recorded for her demo CD which was sent out to record labels in the US in order to secure a record deal for her US debut. Although the tracks are in English AGNEZ secured a deal with Indomaret and Kopi Kapal Api to release the demo tracks to the Indonesian market.
 Wendy and Lisa is the self-titled 1987 debut album by Wendy & Lisa formerly of Prince's band The Revolution.
 Based on a True Story is the second studio album by American rapper Mack 10 released September 16 1997 on Priority Records. It peaked at number 14 on the Billboard 200 and at number 5 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. One single Backyard Boogie peaked at number 23 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. and performed well on several other charts as well.
 Intimacy is an album by worship artist Matt Redman. It was released in the US as The Heart of Worship with a very similar cover.The album was recorded at various locationsShine Studios London England - (Engineer Trevor Michael)ICC Studios Eastbourne England - (Engineer Trevor Michael)Warehouse Studio Oxford England - (Engineer Steve Watkins)The Matinee Nashville Tennessee - (Engineer Matt Huesmann) for the Gospel ChoirNorthwind Studio Natal - (Engineer Nick Fairclogh) for the Zulu Choir
 Dragon Ball Z: Infinite World (ドラゴンボールZ インフィニットワールドオリジナルサウンドトラック Doragon Bōru Zetto Infinitto Wārudo Orizinaru Saundotorakku) is the licensed soundtrack from the PlayStation 2 video game Dragon Ball Z: Infinite World. It was released on January 7 2009 in Japan only.
 No Stranger to Shame is the follow-up album to Uncle Kracker's double-platinum Double Wide. It is currently the only Uncle Kracker album to have two charting singles on the Billboard Hot 100 (In a Little While & Drift Away).
 The Explosive Side of Sarah Vaughan is a 1963 studio album by Sarah Vaughan arranged by Benny Carter.This was Vaughan's second album with Carter her first The Lonely Hours was released in 1963.
 Le Rêve Oriental is a remix album by Dalida released in 1998.
 Live in Las Vegas is the first and only live album released by Al Jardine following his departure from The Beach Boys. Following the death of Carl Wilson in 1998 Jardine left the touring version of the Beach Boys and started his own touring group called The Beach Boys Family and Friends featuring musicians who had played with The Beach Boys and also were family members of the band including Brain Wilson's daughters Carnie and Wendy and Al's son's Matt and Adam.
 Woman is the first solo album by British musician Mike McGear (spelled Michael on the cover) brother of former-Beatle Paul McCartney who also co-wrote a song but is credited as a friend. Roger McGough produced and co-wrote some songs with McGear.The cover is a black-and-white photo of McGear/McCartney's mother.
 Foot in Mouth is Goldfinger's second live album.
 Ancient Tones is an album by Ricky Skaggs and Kentucky Thunder released through Skaggs Family Records on January 26 1999. In 2000 the album won the group the Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Album.
 Silvertoner was released in September 1996 and is an album from Swedish singer Sanna Nielsen who on November 27 1996 turned 12 years old. It was her debut album and contains among other songs her debut single Till en fågel which was on Svensktoppen in early 1996 and topped the chart and the song Bilder i mitt album which was on Svensktoppen for 12 veckor during the time 22 March-3 May 1997.The album peaked at #55 at the Swedish album chart.
 Passage in Time is a compilation album by the Canadian melodic death metal band Quo Vadis and was released in 2001 by Skyscraper Music. It contains their entire 1995 Demo a rerecorded version of Vital Signs a remixed version of the Hunted and two live songs recorded at Foufounes Electriques in Montreal and the music video for Dysgenics.
 On My Face is a 2012 musical comedy album by actress singer Taryn Southern. Released on October 12 it is Southern's debut studio album. Taryn Southern who was part of American Idol's third season's Top 50 first gained national attention with her musical comedy video Hot4Hill which was released during the 2008 Presidential race.
 Rendezvous is a 1977 album by English folk rock singer-songwriter Sandy Denny and was her last release before her death.Sandy Denny and Trevor Lucas left Fairport Convention at the end of 1975 and Denny embarked on Rendezvous in the spring of 1976. Trevor Lucas produced the album with a contemporary rock sound designed to turn Denny into a mainstream act. The album is now generally thought to be overproduced with an excess of strings backing vocals and instrumental overdubs.
 Red River Drifter is the thirty-third album by American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey.
 Mr. Shing-A-Ling is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label in 1967 and featuring Donaldson with Blue Mitchell Lonnie Smith Jimmy Ponder and Leo Morris.The album was awarded 2½ stars in an Allmusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine who states Not quite the full-fledged electric funk workout that was becoming commonplace for old-guard soul-jazz musicians in the late '60s but not quite the bop-inflected soul-jazz of the early '60s. either Mr.
 Gems is a compilation album released by Aerosmith in 1988 (see 1988 in music) under the label Columbia. It was the first compilation of studio material since 1980's Greatest Hits. Concentrating mainly on heavier material than the radio-friendly singles output on Greatest Hits the album is noted for the inclusion of the 1978 studio version of Chip Away The Stone - previously released only as the B-side to the 1978 single Come Together.
 Just Say Da was Sire Records' Volume 4 of Just Say Yes and was originally released on September 4 1990 as a winter CD sampler. It contained remixes and non-album tracks of artists on the label most of which were considered New Wave or Modern Rock (all would eventually fall under the genre Alternative rock). This was the first of the 'Just Say' themed albums to carry the Parental Advisory labeling.[citation needed]
 Thug Money is the third studio album by hip hop group Thug Lordz released September 28 2010 on RBC / Smoke-A-Lot / West Coast Mafia Records.
 A Propósito is the tenth studio album by Argentine rock band Babasónicos released on May 2011.
 White Trash Beautiful is the fourth album by Everlast released internationally on May 25 2004 and a day later in the United States on Island Records. It has sold about 124000 copies in the US.
 Sweet Sixteen is the second studio album by Filipino singer Sarah Geronimo released on November 16 2004 under VIVA Records. To date the album has reached triple platinum status by the PARI selling more than 90000 copies in the Philippines.
 People of the World is a studio album by Jamaican reggae singer Burning Spear.It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album at the 30th Grammy Awards in 1988.
 Pipe Dreams is the fourth album released February 10 2009 from Potluck a rap group from Humboldt County California. It features 21 tracks with guest appearances such as the Kottonmouth Kings Krizz Kaliko Twiztid and more. The album's first single Stoner Bitch had its video released on YouTube on February 3 2009. The album went on to appear on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart at #30 on February 28 2009.
 Cuddle is an extended play by the American punk rock band Stikky. It was released on 7-inch vinyl in Switzerland only in August 1988 through Off the Disk Records.The extended play was recorded mixed and engineered in 4 hours at Art of Ears Studios in San Francisco California on May 29 1988. Due to many fans in the United States requesting copies of Cuddle the group re-released it through bassist Chris Dodge's label Slap a Ham Records in October 1988.
 Sacrament is the Grammy Award nominated fifth studio album from the American groove metal band Lamb of God. Released on August 22 2006 Sacrament debuted at No. 8 on the Billboard 200 charts with first-week sales of 63000. The album was the top-selling metal album of 2006 and received the Album of the Year award from Revolver magazine.
 On a Wire is a 2002 album released by The Get Up Kids on Vagrant Records. The album was also released in two record versions: black 180 gram vinyl and limited edition picture disc.
 Millionairhead is the only album by Cut_ a project led by Ray Wilson. It was Wilson's first release on which he took on the majority of the songwriting duties. The band only recorded and released this one album; Wilson would go on to record his own solo albums as well as with the reformed version of Stiltskin.Wilson recorded a reworked version of Another Day for his solo album Change in 2003. He frequently plays some songs from this album at his solo concerts.
 From Paris to Berlin is the third studio album by Danish dance-pop duo Infernal. It was released on October 18 2004 through Border Breakers in Denmark. An international edition of the album was also released on September 6 2005 for the European countries.
 Twice Upon a Time is a live album by the American folk music group The Kingston Trio recorded in 1966 and released in 2008 (see 2008 in music).
 Cleo at Carnegie: The 10th Anniversary Concert is a live album by Cleo Laine recorded at Carnegie Hall and released in April 1983 through RCA Records. The album earned Laine a Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Performance Female.
 Tonight! is an EP by alternative rock band Summercamp released in 1997.
 Dead Leaves is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The label's website lists the title as 枯葉 / Dead Leaves but only the last part is actually printed on the release.
 Jackie's Bag is an album by American saxophonist Jackie McLean recorded in 1959 and 1960 and released on the Blue Note label.
 ‘'Bandy the Rodeo Clown is the third album by country singer Marion Franklin Bandy Jr released in 1975 on the GRC label.
 Abriendo Puertas (Spanish: Opening Doors) is a 1995 album released by Gloria Estefan. It is her sixth studio album as a soloist and second Spanish language album released.
 Throw It In is a compilation by punk band No Fun at All. It was released in Australia only.
 Guru's Jazzmatazz Vol. 4: The Hip Hop Jazz Messenger: Back To The Future is the fourth entry in the Jazzmatazz series from Guru of Gang Starr. There's an official video of the song State Of Clarity which features clips from the movie Fritz the Cat.
 Chain Reaction is a studio album by Australian singer John Farnham. The album was released in Australia on 24 September 1990. Chain Reaction was the highest selling album in Australia in 1990 and debuted at #1 on the ARIA charts in September.
 The World Outside is the second album from Scottish brother band The MacDonald Brothers. It was recorded in Glasgow Scotland and released on October 15 2007 by their record label Syco. It entered the UK Albums Chart at number 41 with first week sales of 5126.
 Wally is the eponymous first album by the band Wally. While the band fitted broadly into the Progressive rock category there was more than a hint of country / rock about the album especially with Paul Middleton's steel guitar. The album is very much of its time and shows influences of The Byrds Crosby Stills and Nash and the like.
 Love It (stylized as LOVE.IT) is the debut mini-album of Ai Otsuka under her pen name Love. It was released on November 18 2009 under the label Avex Trax and was released only one week after the release of Otsuka's compilation album Love Is Best.
 Instrumental Assassination is a 1966 jazz-rock EP by Manfred Mann produced by Shel Talmy and released by Fontana Records (TE17483). Mann reported that the group loved it and the producer was particularly pleased: Fontana's Jack Baverstock found it full of ideas humour and new thinking but the EP sold poorly and was re-released in its entirety on the 1968 Fontana compilation album What A Mann.
 Cement Cement is the second EP by the Australian band Operator Please. Released in 2007 it is generally regarded as their debut EP as it was their first commercial release. It was produced in 2006 by Queensland producer Magoo. The single Get What You Want was one of the 100 most-played songs on Australian radio network Triple J during the year of its release and has also been used in television ad campaigns for Australian National Youth Week and airline Virgin Blue.
 Living Like a Millionaire is the second album by New York based punk/glam rock band Toilet Böys.
 The Best of Uriah Heep is the first compilation album by British Hard rock band Uriah Heep released in 1975. It reached gold status in Germany.
 Nothing Like This is the seventh studio album by country music group Rascal Flatts. It is their debut release after signing with Big Machine Records and was released on November 16 2010. The album's lead-off single Why Wait was released on August 2 2010. This song became their first number one single on the Hot Country Songs charts since Here Comes Goodbye. The album's second single I Won't Let Go was released to country radio on January 10 2011.
 Graphite is the sixth studio album by Polish gothic rock band Closterkeller. It was released on April 26 1999 in Poland through Metal Mind Productions. The album was recorded at Q-Sound studio in March 1999. The cover art was created by Tomasz Graal Daniłowicz and fotos by Edward Wosk and Marcin Wegner.
 Mallu Magalhães is a live DVD by Brazilian folk singer Mallu Magalhães that was released in Brazil on November 20 2008
 Wise Up and Rock is the 14th studio album and 19th album overall by Christian parody band ApologetiX. All the songs parodied were released in the 1980s. This is the 1st album to feature Todd Waites on keyboards. The cover of the album is a reference to Loverboy's Get Lucky.
 Little Hands is the seventh studio album (ninth total album) released by singer/songwriter Jonathan Edwards. This album differs from his previous releases in that its target audience is children.
 Verdi is a 2013 album of baritone arias by the 72-year old Plácido Domingo returning to the baritone register of his youth. The album the first full album of baritone arias by singer is to be released by Sony Classics on 27 August 2013. Domingo is accompanied by the Cor de la Generalitat Valenciana Orquestra de la Comunitat Valenciana conducted by Pablo Heras-Casado.
 Dive Deep is the sixth studio album by the British band Morcheeba released on 4 February 2008 in the United Kingdom. It is also the second studio album recorded without the former lead singer Skye Edwards.It has a number of vocalists and several songs can be heard on the band's MySpace page. The first single released was Enjoy the Ride which features Judie Tzuke.
 Once More with Feeling is a 1960 studio album by singer Billy Eckstine. Production was by Teddy Reig and the album was released on the Roulette label.
 King Biscuit Flower Hour Presents Kansas is the third live album from American rock band Kansas released in 1998 (see 1998 in music). In 2003 the album was re-titled and re-released as Greatest Hits Live (see below). It was also released in the DVD-Audio format as From the Front Row Live but the 5.1 mix for this series was not of particularly high quality.
 Obsession is an album by Eighteen Visions. The album was their most commercial to date and featured three music videos. Some editions of this album come with a DVD that features a 'making of' the album. The album has sold over 200000 copies in the US. The album peaked at #4 on the Heatseekers chart in the US. On July 3 2004 the album peaked at #147 on the Billboard 200.
 Time for a Witness is the Feelies' fourth studio album. It was released on March 5 1991 on A&M.
 Pull was the third album by American hard rock band Winger. The album was released in 1993 by Atlantic Records. It was produced by Mike Shipley on a considerable budget and marked a significant change in Winger's sound eschewing their pop-metal anthems prevalent in their first two albums for a harder and more aggressive style of music with a good dose of socio-political leanings on tracks like Blind Revolution Mad In for the Kill and Who's the One.
 Not Worth Fighting is an EP written and recorded by Springfield Missouri indie rock band Someone Still Loves You Boris Yeltsin.
 Straight No Chaser is an album by jazz musician Thelonious Monk released in 1967.The album was reissued on CD in 1996 including restored versions of previously abridged performances and three additional tracks.The song This Is My Story This Is My Song is much better known by the title Blessed Assurance.
 Trilenium was the third studio album released by the German DJ Sash!. It did not live up to expectations and peaked at #13 in the British album charts.Trilenium was released in May 2000 a half a year after the successful single Adelante (UK #2). At the time of the release the ballad Just Around the Hill had just been released.
 WOW Worship: Green is a compilation album of christian music. It reached #78 on the Billboard 200 chart. The album was certified as gold in the US in 2002 by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). It was certified as gold in Canada in 2003 by the Canadian Recording Industry Association (CRIA).
 WWE The Music: A New Day Vol. 10 is a compilation album released by WWE on January 28 2010. Unlike previous albums in the series the album was released both in CD-R and digital download forms exclusively on Amazon.com in the United States the United Kingdom Germany and France.
 Sentence of Death is an EP and the debut release by German thrash metal band Destruction. It was released on 10 November 1984 through Steamhammer Records.
 In Retrospect is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1982 and originally released by the Japanese Baybridge label.
 Dominion is the 2004 mini-album by the New Zealand post-rock band Jakob consisting of a single song. The title track was originally recorded during the initial (abandoned) Cale:Drew recording session. Originally lasting 50 minutes it was mixed down by David Holmes to just under half an hour.The release was limited to 1000 hand-numbered copies and is available only at the band's concerts and SmokeCDs.
 Shut Up is the third album recorded by LaFee released on 27 June 2008. The music video for the first single Shut Up premiered on 30 May on The Dome. Shut Up is LaFee's first English album and it contains English versions of songs from her first two studio albums LaFee and Jetzt erst recht. It was released officially in Japan on 28 January 2009 and features the same cover artwork used on the first single Shut Up instead of the artwork from the album's original release.
 Unknown Colors is the debut full-length studio album by Swedish quintet Sad Day for Puppets. The album was initially released only in Sweden on October 28 2008 by independent label HaHa Fonogram while a United Kingdom release followed eight months later on June 1 2009 via Sonic Cathedral Recordings. The U.K. edition contained two exclusive bonus tracks When You Tell Me That You Love Me and Saddest Cloud.
 Love & Hate is an album from rapper Lil Rob released on September 29 2009.
 At Newport 1960 is a live album by Muddy Waters performed at Newport Jazz Festival in Newport Rhode Island with his backing band consisting of Otis Spann (piano vocals) Pat Hare (guitar) James Cotton (harmonica) Andrew Stevens (bass) and Francis Clay (drums) in July 3. Water's performances across Europe in the 50s and at Newport helped popularize blues to broader audience especially to whites.
 Austins Bridge is the debut album from the band of the same name which was released on February 27 2007.
 Ptooff!—self-described on the inside cover as the deviants underground l.p.—is the 1967 debut album by the UK underground group The Deviants (originally known as The Social Deviants).Mick Farren and Russell Hunter had met 21 year old millionaire Nigel Samuel who funded the £700 required for this recording.
 See Jungle! See Jungle! Go Join Your Gang Yeah! City All Over Go Ape Crazy! is the second studio album by pop rock group Bow Wow Wow. The album was the first release by the group to chart at #192 on the Billboard 200.
 Racine 2 (also known as Racine Volume 2) is the second album by indie rock band Racine. Lead singer Wendy James wrote and produced the entirety of the album as she had done with the band's first album Number One. The album was originally released in February 2007. In 2008 it was re-released in a special edition 2 disc set the other disc being the demo versions of the band's first album Number One.
 1985 Comes Alive was a various artists hits collection album released in Australia in 1985 on the EMI record Label (Cat No. GIVE 1985). The album spent four weeks at the top of the Australian album charts in 1985.
 New York Cake is a 1981 Italo-disco album by an Italian band Kano recorded for Full Time Records and released in the United States under Mirage label. It has been produced by its members namely Luciano Ninzatti Matteo Bonsanto Stefano Pulga. The album features Italian Top 3 hit Baby Not Tonight and American #89 Hit Can't Hold Back (Your Loving).
 Parisian Sketches is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach recorded in Paris in 1960 and released on the Mercury label.
 Minstrel in the Galaxy is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released in 2004 by Riot Season. This was the first Acid Mothers Temple album not to feature Cotton Casino on vocals instead featuring Afrirampo members Oni & Pikacyu. The album title is a play on the name of the Jethro Tull album Minstrel in the Gallery.
 Kasou Musou Shi (華想夢想紙; Flower Thought Dream Thought Paper) is the third released EP from visual kei rock band alice nine. It was released on the November 23 2005. Includes 7 tracks 6 of which were previously released as singles. Two versions of the album were released on the same day one regular edition and one special edition.
 Team Invasion Presents: Keyshia Cole is an introduction mixtape by Keyshia Cole mixed my DJ Green Lantern released in early 2005. It features guest appearances by Remy Ma Kanye West 2Pac and Eminem.
 1st Mini Album is the debut mini-album by South Korean singer Taegoon produced by Crown J.
 Acoustic Live from the Gibson Lounge is an acoustic EP released by American rock band Rev Theory. It was released on iTunes on August 4 2009 and is also sold at the band's summer concerts. The digital version also contains a bonus Metallica cover of Nothing Else Matters.
 365 (Chinese: 365 天) is Taiwanese Mandopop trio boyband JPM's second studio Mandarin album. It was first released on 30 November 2012 by Sony Music (Taiwan).
 Touch is the second studio album by Australian rock band Noiseworks. It was released by CBS Records on 11 November 1988.The album debuted at No. 5 on the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) Albums Chart. The album was produced by Chris Kimsey (The Rolling Stones) and Noiseworks. The title track preceded it as the first single peaking at No. 12 on the ARIA Singles Chart. Subsequent singles Voice of Reason Simple Man and In My Youth failed to make the Top 40.
 Excuse My French is the debut studio album by American rapper French Montana. The album was released on May 21 2013 through Coke Boys Bad Boy Records Maybach Music Group and distributed by Interscope Records. The album features guest appearances from Max B Ace Hood Snoop Dogg Scarface The Weeknd Diddy Drake Rick Ross Birdman Lil Wayne Nicki Minaj Ne-Yo Raekwon 2 Chainz and Machine Gun Kelly among others.
 Greatest Hits: Live at the House of Blues is a live album released by rapper and producer DJ Quik. It was recorded in February 2006 during a series of sold-out shows and released later that year. A 'Clean' edition was also released.
 The Unknown Clarity is the follow-up album by Alt-Heavy-Punk band Crash Rickshaw.
 La Niña Buena is the second album by the Mexican singer Mariana Seoane released in 2005.
 Scurrilous is the third studio album by Canadian progressive metal band Protest the Hero. It was released on March 22 2011 on Vagrant Records in the US and Underground Operations in Canada. The word scurrilous is defined as vulgar verbal abuse; foul-mouthed; coarse vulgar abusive or slanderous.It is the last album released under Protest the Hero's original lineup due to the departure of drummer Moe Carlson two years later.
 Goodbye Falkenburg is the debut full length album by the band Race Horses. It was released in 2010.
 Clearing is a guitar solo album by English guitarist composer and improvisor Fred Frith. It was Frith's first solo guitar recording since Live in Japan (1982) and his first solo guitar studio recording since his landmark 1974 album Guitar Solos. Clearing comprises eleven tracks of unaccompanied and improvised music played on prepared guitars by Frith.
 Get Mashed is Morcheeba's album a bootleg mixtape by Kool DJ Klear from Capricorn 2 which features many out takes and new rare exclusive material.
 Villains is the sixth full-length studio album by Filipino rock band Wolfgang.
 Better Days is a 2005 studio album by the contemporary Christian Robbie Seay Band.
 Secret Weapon Revealed at Last is the fourth studio album by Country Teasers. Finding it increasingly difficult for the entire band to congregate to perform or record the album contains several older songs written between 1997 and 1998 and recorded during the Winter of 2002. The liner notes make mention that Some members of the group were not present at the recordings.
 A Sucked Orange is an album by Nurse With Wound consisting of 29 mostly brief unused pieces elements or alternate versions of tracks from Nurse With Wound's recording career up to 1988.
 Darker Days is the debut album by the American pop/rock band The Connells initially released in 1985 on independent label Black Park Records in the United States and on Demon Records in the U.K. The Black Park and Demon versions are distinct with different cover art and running order the substitution of In My Head for Dial It and several remixed tracks. The Black Park version of the album was re-released in 1987 on TVT Records.
 Unmasked is the eighth studio album by American hard rock band Kiss released in 1980. It was the last studio album to feature the original lineup of Paul Stanley Gene Simmons Ace Frehley and Peter Criss until the band reunited. Criss actually had no involvement with the recording of the album; Anton Fig (uncredited) played all the drums on the album.
 Life Will Write the Words is the fifth full-length studio album by American pop rock artist The Rocket Summer which was released on June 5 2012.
 Suite sixtine is the second studio album by Belgian pop singer Lio and her third LP overall.
 Grazing Dreams is the second album by American sitarist and composer Collin Walcott recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label.
 Zbogom noći zbogom zore (English translation: Farewell Nights Farewell Mornings) is the fourth studio album of Bosnian singer Halid Bešlić. It was released in 1985.
 Ruže cvetaju samo u pesmama (English: Roses Only Bloom In Songs) is the fourth studio album by Serbian singer Dragana Mirković and the second to feature the band Južni Vetar. It was released in 1987.This is Dragana's second album with Južni Vetar. They went on to record a total of five albums together one was released each year beginning in 1986.
 Totally Hits 2001 is an album in the Totally Hits series reaching #3 on the US Billboard 200 albums chart. The album contains two Billboard Hot 100 number-one hits: U Remind Me and Fallin'.
 Financial Tycoon (1977) is the first album of the Danish progressive rock jazz fusion band Coma.Influences include Frank Zappa who is named on the back cover of the album and the band also cite King Crimson John Coltrane and Jimi Hendrix in an interview they gave in 1978. The bands musical style has also been compared with Gong and Supersister.
 Covers is an EP by the American alternative rock band The Autumns released in a limited edition of 500 in 2001 [1].
 Caldera is the 1976 debut album of Jazz fusion band Caldera.
 Jim Jones & Skull Gang Present A Tribute to Bad Santa Starring Mike Epps is a Christmas-themed hip hop compilation album released on November 25 2008 by American hip hop recording artist Jim Jones and American hip hop group Skull Gang. The album features guest appearances artist from members of Dipset and ByrdGang respectively.
 The Painful Experience is the third full-length studio album by Indonesian extreme metal band Kekal. It marks the transition of Kekal from straight-forward melodic black metal to a more distinct progressive metal style while still retaining the intensity and speed. The title refers to the recording sessions for Embrace the Dead.
 Eat to the Beat is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Blondie. It was certified Platinum in the United States where it spent a year on the Billboard album chart. Although it peaked at No.17 it was one of Billboard's top 10 albums of 1980. It also hit No.1 on the United Kingdom album chart in October 1979 and was certified Platinum by the BPI.
 Here Won No One is the first EP release by American electro-industrial band Finite Automata. It was released on November 3 2011 by Beyond Therapy Records in digital format and compact disc.The EP's title is a play on the swine flu designation H1N1 The titular track is heavily critical of the American healthcare system in particular for-profit healthcare. The EP was originally self recorded and released and then re-issued through the band's label Beyond Therapy Records.
 Again and Again is an album recorded by Chick Corea in 1982 in the middle of a South African tour and released in 1983.
 The Complete Adicts Singles Collection is a compilation album by The Adicts featuring all of the singles and EPs released by the band up to that point. It has been reissued as The Complete Singles Collection.
 The Resurrection of Pigboy Crabshaw is a 1967 album by The Butterfield Blues Band. Its name refers to Elvin Bishop whose role shifted to lead guitarist after Mike Bloomfield departed to form Electric Flag. The album marked a slight shift in the band's sound towards R&B and features a horn section.
 Long Live the Past is the second of two EPs by The Pack. Released by Cyclõps Records in 1982 it spent five weeks on the UK Indie Chart peaking at number 12.
 The Essential Cyndi Lauper is a compilation by American pop singer Cyndi Lauper. It was released as part of Sony BMG's The Essential series in 2003. The album has sold 15000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan.Five year after its initial release Sony Music Entertainment Japan reissued the album accompanied with bonus DVD which features four music videos.
 Astra is the third studio album by British rock band Asia released in late 1985. It was the final studio album (excluding half studio/half compilation album Then & Now) featuring the original three members Geoff Downes Carl Palmer and John Wetton until 2008's reunion album Phoenix.
 Encore! (Travels with My Cello – Volume 2) is a 1986 studio album by the British cellist Julian Lloyd Webber a sequel to the 1984 collection Travels with my Cello.Track listing: Bless You is My Woman Now by Gershwin Nocturne by Taube Rondo alla Turca by Mozart Claire de Lune by Debussy Skye Boat Song by Traditional Habanera by Bizet Un Apres-midi by Vangelis Song of the Seashore by Narita When I'm Sixty-Four by Lennon–McCartney Somewhere by Bernstein Jesu.
 Stranger in Dreams is Say No More's debut album self-released by the band on October 18 2004.
 Die for the Government is the debut album by the U.S. punk rock band Anti-Flag released in 1996. After this album bassist Andy Flag played with Anti-Flag on their EP North America Sucks but left soon after as they couldn't get along as a band. The CD booklet bids farewell to Andy Flag.The front cover gives the title Die for the Government but side of the CD reads Die for Your Government. Also the title track is actually named You've Got to Die for the Government.
 The Greatest Hits is a 1993 greatest hits album by Boney M. the UK version of BMG's Gold - 20 Super Hits with alternate album art and a slightly diffefrent tracklisting omitting songs like Felicidad (Margherita) Kalimba de Luna and Happy Song which never had been released as singles in the UK.
 The Harvest is the debut album of Boondox. Released in 2006 the album marks the first time that Psychopathic Records has released an album by an artist that does not hail from a city. The eponymous harvest is a metaphor for the rewards one reaps at death for all the seeds of hatred and pain planted by others in the very large field called Life. The Harvest features guest appearances by Insane Clown Posse Twiztid Axe Murder Boyz and Blaze Ya Dead Homie.
 Photographs is an album by Patrick Sky released in 1969.
 The Essential Clash is a career-spanning greatest hits album by The Clash first released in 2003. It is part of the on-going 'The Essential' Sony BMG compilation series. The album is dedicated to Joe Strummer who died during its compilation.
 Open Sky is a progressive rock album by Iona released in 2000.
 Kyla La Grange's debut album Ashes was produced by Brett Shaw at 123 Studios in East London with two tracks produced by Marky Bates and was released on 30 July 2012.
 The Revolution is the second studio album from Christian rock band Inhabited. It was released on July 12 2005 on Fervent Records. Four songs were released as radio singles: Open My Eyes One More Night Revolution and Rescue Me which charted in the top 10 on Christian rock radio and top 20 on Christian music charts. Rescue Me is on the Digital Praise PC game Guitar Praise.
 Victory is the fifth full-length studio release from noted R&B/soul/pop singer/songwriter/drummer/producer Narada Michael Walden. Released in 1980 on Atlantic it featured him once again teaming up with producer Bob Clearmountain.
 Elephant is the fourth album by the Detroit American alternative rock duo The White Stripes. Lead guitarist and vocalist Jack White along with his ex-wife drummer Meg White together produce the sounds of an army. Released on April 1 2003 on V2 Records the album marks the band's major label debut.
 Unusual Heat is the seventh studio album by American rock band Foreigner released in 1991. By now original frontman Lou Gramm had parted company with the band and had been replaced by original Wild Horses singer Johnny Edwards. The album was a commercial failure and Gramm returned to the band the following year.
 The Tumbler was John Martyn's second album released on Island Records in 1968. The album shows a progression from his previous solo folk offering to a more expansive sound including significant contributions from jazz flautist Harold McNair.
 Nuclear Fire is the third album by the German heavy metal band Primal Fear. It was released in 2001.
 Extreme Music From Women is a compilation album released in 2000 on the Susan Lawly label.
 His Definitive Greatest Hits is a compilation album by American blues musician B. B. King. It was compiled by Richard Ganter and released on April 12 1999 by Universal Music TV.
 Phoenix is Emil Bulls' fifth major studio and seventh overall studio album. It was released on September 25 2009. The first single from the record is When God Was Sleeping. It is the first album recorded with guitarist Andreas Bock as Christian Schneider left the band to pursue personal projects. It was co-produced by Benny Richter and the band.
 Come and Get It: The Best of Apple Records is a greatest hits compilation album containing songs released by The Beatles' Apple Records between 1968 and 1973. The compilation was released on 25 October 2010 (see 2010 in British music).
 Some Other Sucker's Parade is the fifth studio album by Del Amitri released on 24 June 1997. It reached number 6 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Farstucker is the fourth studio album from Belgian electronic band Lords of Acid. It was released in 2000 on Antler-Subway Records and marks the band's full transition from the techno of their earlier work to an industrial music outfit with use of more live instruments.
 Born Like This is an album by American hip hop artist Daniel Dumile released under the pseudonym DOOM on Lex Records on March 24 2009. It debuted at #52 on the Billboard Chart having sold 10895 copies as of March 29 2009. In addition to tracks produced by Doom the album includes production by frequent collaborator Madlib as well as J Dilla. The album title is borrowed from Charles Bukowski's poem Dinosauria We which employs it as a cadence.
 Anime's Compilation Best is the first compilation (fifth overall) album of J-pop singer Kotoko under Geneon Entertainment. It was released on December 23 2009.This album contains the titular tracks from her second to thirteenth single (except for her fourth single 421: A Will) that features her anime tie-up songs.The album comes in a limited CD+DVD edition (GNCV-1019) and a regular CD-only edition (GNCV-1020).
 Tomorrow Is Here is an album by American jazz percussionist Willie Bobo recorded in late 1976 and early 1977 and released on the Blue Note label.
 God's Son is the sixth studio album by American rapper Nas released December 13 2002 on Columbia-imprint Ill Will Records. Production for the album took place during 2001 to 2002 and was handled by several hip hop producers including Salaam Remi Chucky Thompson Ron Browz and The Alchemist. Partly inspired by Nas's feud with Jay-Z and the death of his mother in early 2002 God's Son covers lyrical themes such as religion violence and his own emotional experiences.
 Odditties is a compilation cassette by New Zealand group The Clean. It was self released first time in 1983 by Cleano Productions.It re-released in 1985 and in 1994 by Flying Nun Records.
 Greatest Hits (& Some That Will Be) is a compilation album by country artist Willie Nelson. It was released in 1981 as a double-LP. It has sold 6 million copies world-wide.
 Rogamar is an album by Cesária Évora.
 Daniel Ash is the third solo album from former Bauhaus Tones on Tail and Love and Rockets guitar player Daniel Ash. The album marks a departure from Ash's musical style as he experiments with electronica and dance elements in addition to his well-known groove rock guitar style of earlier works.
 Voices in Love is an 1958 album by The Four Freshmen.
 Kilimanjaro is the second album by the American Jazz group The Rippingtons released in 1988 for the GRP label. Tourist in Paradise reached #3 on Billboard's Jazz chart.
 Give Me Beauty... Or Give Me Death! is the debut studio album by Swedish post-rock band EF. It was released through And The Sound Records in the UK and through Thomason Sounds in Japan. The UK pressing comes as a digipak while the Japanese version comes as a standard jewel case.
 Beyond Reality is the 2002 debut album of Dreamtale. Marco Hietala from Nightwish and Tarot sings on track number 4 and 5.
 Singin' With Feelin' is a 1967 album by American country singer-songwriter Loretta Lynn.This was Lynn's second studio album of the year. The album spawned one single If You're Not Gone too Long which peaked in the Country Top 10 in 1967. Three Lynn compositions were released from the album Bargain Basement Dress and Slowly Killing Me were self-penned while I'll Sure Come Long a Way Down was co-written with a songwriter.
 Gang Gajang is the self-titled debut album from Gang Gajang. It was released on True Tone Records through Polygram Records in 1985 and sold over 120000 copies. It was produced by Joe Wissert with band members Graham 'Buzz' Bidstrup and Mark Callaghan.
 B'z TV Style II Songless version is the second compilation album by the Japanese rock duo B'z. It is another karaoke compilation with instrumentals only. The album sold 109280 copies in total reaching #17 at Oricon.
 Notes from the Underground is the debut album by experimental jazz fusion trio Medeski Martin & Wood.
 Mr. Right & Mr. Wrong: One Down & Two To Go is the eighth full-length album by Nomeansno. After the departure of long-time guitarist Andy Kerr the group's lineup stood simply as a two-piece (brothers Rob and John Wright) at the time of the album's recording. The tracks on the album are culled from three sources - five songs (tracks 4 6 12 15 and 16) from home demos dating from 1979-1980 four outtakes (3 5 7 and 9) from the 1993 Why Do They Call Me Mr.
 Mera Ruben Nilson (English: More Ruben Nilson) is an album by the Swedish folk singer-songwriter and guitar player Fred Åkerström.
 Music of My Life is a 1996 compilation album by Jo Stafford.
 California Dreaming is the sixteenth jazz album recorded by guitarist Wes Montgomery and released in 1966. It reached number one on the Billboard Jazz album chart and number 4 on the R&B chart. It was reissued on CD in 2007 with an alternate take of Sunny.
 Things You Should Leave Alone is the first album from the band Puracane.
 Where Ironcrosses Grow is the sixth album by Dismember.
 Clockwork is the second studio album by Phrase. Originally intended for a late 2007 release it was put out in April 2009. It includes collaborations with Bliss n Eso Jackson Jackson and Daniel Merriweather and has guest appearances by Kram and Wendy Matthews. Clockwork was nominated for an ARIA for best urban album nominated for Triple J's album of the year and was feature album on Triple J.
 It'll Shine When It Shines is the second album by the Southern rock/country rock band the Ozark Mountain Daredevils. Their debut album was successful enough to give the band the clout to record its sophomore effort It'll Shine When It Shines on the musicians' home turf. For the session they cut their tracks in the pre-Civil War house that served as their rehearsal space with Johns and Anderle working from a mobile recording truck parked outside.
 Dark Space III is the third album by the Swiss band Darkspace. It was released by Avantgarde Music in 2008 in an edition of 500 hand-numbered copies. It contains dialogue samples from the films Event Horizon (on Dark 3.11) and John Carpenter's Prince of Darkness (on Dark 3.16).
 Atrocities was Christian Death's fourth album and the first with Valor Kand taking over main duties after Rozz Williams' departure. The album's subject matter deals almost exclusively with the Holocaust including songs about Auschwitz and Josef Mengele.
 Untamed is the second album by Heather Myles. Most of its songs were either written or co-written by Myles. It includes such tunes as Cadillac Cowboy Indigo Moon and a cover of the Marty Robbins tune Begging to You.
 Bring Me Home: Live 2011 is a live video album by English soul band Sade released on 22 May 2012 by RCA Records. It was filmed at Citizens Business Bank Arena in Ontario California on 4 September 2011 during the band's Sade Live concert tour. The DVD and Blu-ray contain twenty-one tracks as well as rare glimpses of behind-the-stage scenes with a twenty-minute documentary exclusive candid moments a short technical documentary by Stuart Matthewman and outtakes from the crew.
 That's Business is the debut album by the rock band Home Grown released in 1995 by Liberation Records. It was the band's first album and established their presence in the prolific southern California music scene of the 1990s. It includes several songs that would become fan favorites such as Surfer Girl and Face in the Crowd.The album contains a hidden instrumental song at track 44 following 29 tracks of silence.
 From the Inside is the third studio album (and fourth album overall) by the country rock band Poco. Reportedly the band were unhappy with this album following its release.
 All In is the sixth album from San Francisco California USA alternative rock band Stroke 9. It was released on November 9 2004.
 East Asia is the 20th studio album recorded by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima released in October 1992. The album features Shallow Sleep (Asai Nemuri) a hit single released in July 1992. Nakajima wrote the song as a theme for Shin'ai Naru Mono e a television drama that she made guest appearance as a doctor. Shin'ai Naru Mono e's themes song peaked at #2 on the Japan's Oricon chart in summer of 1992 and thus became her first single.
 The Young Rascals is the debut album by rock band The Young Rascals. The album was released on March 28 1966 and rose to #15 on the Billboard Top LPs chart and #10 in Cashbox.Most of the songs on The Young Rascals were covers of songs written or originally performed by other artists with only Do You Feel It authored by the band.
 Beyond Magnetic is a 2012 EP by American heavy metal band Metallica. It was released to coincide with the band's 30th anniversary shows in which they released a new song for all four days of the shows. It was originally released as a digital download only on iTunes on December 13 2011. All four songs featured on Beyond Magnetic were all recorded for the group's Death Magnetic sessions but had not been released.
 Just Chillin' is the fifth studio album by American guitarist and singer Norman Brown released in July 2002 through Warner Bros. Records. The album was produced by Paul Brown and features guest vocal performances by Miki Howard Michael McDonald Chanté Moore and Debi Nova. Guest instrumentalists include Rick Braun percussionists Lenny Castro and Paulinho da Costa Jerry Hey Pino Palladino on bass James Poyser and Bill Reichenbach Jr. on trombone.
 Live in Hyde Park is a live album released by the Red Hot Chili Peppers recorded over three record-breaking nights at Hyde Park in London on June 19 20 and 25 2004 during the band's Roll On The Red tour. These three concerts became the highest grossing concerts at a single venue in history. A double album compiled from these three shows went straight to No.
 Para você querido Caé is the first album released by the Italian singer Patrizia Laquidara.It was published in 2001 by Velut Luna/Audio Records.It is dedicated to the Brazilian singer Caetano Veloso and includes 16 songs of Brazilian music.
 Droopy Butt Begone! is the debut album of solo electronic artist 1-Speed Bike. The third track on this album is a remix of a Fly Pan Am song from their Sédatifs En Fréquences Et Sillons EP.
 Everything is the sixth studio album by Canadian country music artist Jason McCoy. It was released by Open Road Recordings on March 1 2011.Everything was nominated for Country Album of the Year at the 2012 Juno Awards.
 Jesus Songs is a 2004 mini-album by British group The Broken Family Band. The songs have a unifying theme in Jesus Christ though the band themselves are not Christians.Lead singer Steve Adams told Songfacts that he wrote Poor Little Thing thinking it was about my twin sister and then I ended up realizing it was about me.
 Wishing is the second solo album from actress-singer Martine McCutcheon released in 2000. It reached a chart position of number 25 in the UK.The album contained two top 10 singles Im Over You which reached number 2 & On the Radio which reached number 7. Plans for a third single were scrapped when Martine won the lead role in the West End production of My Fair Lady in early 2001.
 B.A.S.I.C. is an album composed by the music group Alpinestars.
 Raw is a live album by the Canadian hard rock band Moxy in its third incarnation with singer Brian Maxim (Brian sung back-ups for Douglas Buzz Shearman (Original singer who had on/off again vocal cord problems) on tour back in 1977 worked with Buddy Caine and Terry Juric in the band Voodoo and worked with Buzz in a building materials store in the early 80s). The album was released in 2002 accompanied by the remastered/re-edited/re-sequenced version of Moxy V.
 Dubber Side of the Moon is the second dub reggae tribute to the Pink Floyd album The Dark Side of the Moon by New York-based band Easy Star All-Stars. The album features bass-heavy dub remixes by prominent dub producers of its predecessor Easy Star Records' 2003 release Dub Side of the Moon. Dubber Side of the Moon debuted at #2 on the Billboard Reggae charts.
 On Life; Living is the first EP by the rock band Vaux. The first pressing of this EP was under their former name Eiffel.
 What We Almost Made is a 2008 mixtape by London-born entertainer Example. Similar to his previous full-length releases We Didn't Invent the Remix and What We Made all of the songs in What We Almost Made were mainly written by Example and produced by Rusher.
 The Take Off All Your Clothes EP is an EP by the American singer-songwriter Jenny Owen Youngs.
 The Fiction We Live is the second studio album By the American post-hardcore band From Autumn to Ashes. It was produced by Garth Richardson and released September 9 2003 through Vagrant Records. Melanie Wills of One True Thing makes a guest appearance once again contributing to the vocals on Autumns Monologue. This is the last album to feature Scott Gross and Mike Pilato. It peaked at number 73 on the US Billboard 200 charts.
 Oscar Peterson and Roy Eldridge is a 1974 album by Oscar Peterson on which he is accompanied by Roy Eldridge.
 'Em Are I is the fifth album by anti-folk artist Jeffrey Lewis and the first credited to Jeffrey Lewis & The Junkyard (Lewis' backing band). Lewis revealed the following in an interview with Audio Antihero Records.'Em Are I is probably the one I feel best about as a representation of a well thought-out studio album where I had the time to get things a bit more how I wanted them instead of just ending up with what I got accidentally.
 Best of Dolly Parton Vol.3 is a 1987 compilation of Dolly Parton's early- to mid-1980s hits that RCA put together after she left the label. This was the first Dolly Parton CD that featured the song Potential New Boyfriend.
 I-Feel-Like-I'm-Fixin'-To-Die is the second album by the influential San Francisco psychedelic rock group Country Joe and the Fish released in 1967. The title track remains one of the most popular Vietnam protest songs from the 1960s and originally appeared in a 1965 7 EP titled Rag Baby: Songs of Opposition. On the album version however I-Feel-Like-I'm-Fixin'-To-Die Rag appears alongside The Fish Cheer which at concerts became a Country Joe standard.
 The Gap Band is an album by The Gap Band released in 1979 on Mercury Records. It is the group's second self-titled album and their third album overall. The album was the band's first to be released on Mercury Records. It reached number ten on the Billboard Top Soul Albums chart.
 Secret Passion is the seventh studio album by French singer Amanda Lear released by Carrere Records in 1986.
 Triumph of Mercy is the seventh studio album released by the Australian Christian metal band Mortification on 6 October 1998.
 Unicorn Skeleton Mask is the twenty-fifth studio album by Omar Rodríguez-López as a solo artist. It was given a surprise digital release on January 2 2013 just a day after the release of Equinox and Woman Gives Birth To Tomato!.Three of the album's songs Sea Is Rising Maria Te Canta and Bored To Burns were debuted live as instrumental pieces during Omar Rodriguez Lopez Group 2010 tour.
 Strip-mine was the second album from English band James released in September 1988. The album was produced by Hugh Jones except Riders and Refrain which were produced by Steve Power and Steve Lovell. After the recording sessions in 1987 the release of the album was delayed a number of times by the record label but it was eventually remixed early the following year at London's Battery Studios before finally getting a release in September 1988.
 Moliendo café is an album by Italian singer Mina issued in 1962.Moliendo café is the cover of a song written by Hugo Blanco in 1958.Chi sarà is the Italian version of the Spanish mambo song ¿Quién será? composed by Pablo Beltrán Ruiz in 1953.The track Giochi d'ombre was the main theme song of the film Leoni al sole directed by Vittorio Caprioli in 1961.
 Last to Go Home is the first solo album by Jason Charles Miller. It was released on October 27 2009 by Count Mecha Music.
 Starbucks is a mixtape by rapper's All Star Cashville Prince & Young Buck. The mixtape features exclusive tracks and freestyles from All Star & Young Buck with appearances by Yo Gotti The Outlawz $o$a Da Plug and more. It was released for digital download and sale on iTunes on June 13 2008. It was mainly released to promote the upcoming collab album Cashville Takeover from Ca$hville Records.
 Buttercorn Lady is a live album by drummer Art Blakey's New Jazz Messengers recorded at the The Lighthouse in 1966 and originally released on the Limelight label.
 Unknown Language is the second studio album from the Dancehall/Reggae fusion group T.O.K. released in 2005.
 Alumbramento is the third album by Brazilian singer and composer Djavan. The album features some of his greatest hits like Meu Bem Querer Lambada de Serpente e Tem Boi Na Linha.The album begins a career of Djavan partnerships with other composers the following partnerships rarely work in the following.
 Ready to Deal is the third solo album by Australian singer Renée Geyer and her Renée Geyer Band. Geyer had formed a touring outfit with session musicians. However unlike her two previous albums where Geyer performed contemporary soul and R&B hits original material predominated here. The opening track 'Sweet Love' later featured in the 2000 film 'Chopper' starring Eric Bana. In October 2010 Ready to Deal by Renée Geyer was listed in the book 100 Best Australian Albums.
 X Marks the Spot is the debut album released by American R&B group Ex Girlfriend in 1992.
 Three Questions (stylized as ??? (スリークエスチョン Surii Kuesuchon)) is the third studio album by Japanese electronica singer Mitsuki Aira released on November 17 2010 in Japan by D-Topia Universe with distribution by Universal Music Japan. The album includes songs that were previously unreleased. This is also the first album to be released under D-topia Entertainment's new label D-Topia Universe. The promotional singles for the album were Aishi Aisarete Ikiru no Sa and Why Two?.
 To Aroma Tis Amartias (Greek: Το Άρωμα της Αμαρτίας; English: The scent of sin) is the 12th studio album by Greek singer-songwriter and record producer Nikos Karvelas released by Sony Music Greece in May 1996. The album was certified platinum with sales of 40000 copies.
 Lost N Found(學不會) is JJ Lin's 9th album which has been confirmed to be released on 31 December 2011. This is his first self-composed album after two years and joining Warner Music. Most of the music videos in this album has been shot in Europe from Czech Republic to Switzerland. Music videos for 學不會(Never Learn) 不存在的情人(Non-Existent) 故事細膩(Romantic Mystery) Love U U 靈魂的共鳴 (Variation 25: Clash Of The Souls) 那些你很冒險的夢 (Those Were The Days) and We Together have been released.
 A Date with the Everly Brothers is an album by the rock and roll duo the Everly Brothers released in 1960. It peaked at No. 9 on the Billboard Pop albums charts and reached No. 3 in the UK.The song Love Hurts appears here for the first time. It would subsequently be covered by numerous other artists. Other than the Cathy's Clown/Always It's You single all of the tracks on A Date with the Everly Brothers were recorded in just four sessions during July 1960.
 The G Filez is the third album by Vallejo California rapper Celly Cel. The album was released in 1998 and was Celly Cel's last studio album for Jive Records. The album was not as successful as his previous album Killa Kali only making it to #53 on the Billboard 200 and #17 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop album chart. The album spawned three singles Fuck tha World Get a Real Job and Pop the Trunk. Guests include Silkk the Shocker UGK Mack 10 Rappin' 4-Tay and E-40.
 The Embryo's In Bloom is Dog Fashion Disco's third album originally released on OuterLoop Records in 1998 then reissued in 2000 before going out of print in 2001. The studio quality of this album is noticeably better than the band's preceding albums and they were subsequently pleased with the resulted sound. It was re-released by Rotten Records in 2006.
 Soulfire is the first major release by the Christian Reggae group Christafari.
 Now That's What I Call Music! 67 or Now 67 was released on 23 July 2007 on Compact Disc and downloadable formats. The album is the 67th edition of the original (UK) Now! series. Now 67 features five songs which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: Umbrella Shine Beautiful Liar Give It to Me and Baby's Coming Back.
 The Early Years is a compilation album by folk metal band Eluveitie. It was released to mark the bands 10th anniversary of the band and the compilation contains both re-recorded songs from their EP and demo Vên and also all the tracks from their first studio album Spirit.
 Tennessee Christmas: A Holiday Collection is a compilation from Point of Grace's two holiday releases A Christmas Story released in 1999 and Winter Wonderland released in 2005. It is the first holiday release by the group as a trio. In it they revisited Amy Grant's memorable Tennessee Christmas. The album was released along with How You Live: Deluxe Edition in October 2008 by Word Records.
 So Fresh: The Hits of Spring 2005 is a compilation of songs that were popular in Australia in winter 2005. It was released circa August 2005.
 Hazardous is the fourth studio album by Vanessa Amorosi released in Australia on 6 November 2009 to critical and commercial success debuting at #7 on the ARIA Albums Chart and Platinum accreditation in Australia. The album's lead single This Is Who I Am became Amorosi's first and only number one-charting single reaching #1 on the ARIA Singles Chart in its first week of release.
 Carlos Santana & Buddy Miles! Live! is a live album by Carlos Santana and Buddy Miles.
 Five Dollar Bob's Mock Cooter Stew is an EP by the grunge band Mudhoney released on October 26 1993 by Reprise Records. Mudhoney vocalist Mark Arm described this EP as a chance for the band to get new songs out for fans in between albums.
 It's a Mighty World is an album by American folk singer Odetta released in 1964. It is out of print.
 Signs of Change is a progressive rock album by After the Fire. Released 1978 after attempting to get a record contract the band managed to get this made themselves at a time when this was all but unheard of. What was more of interest as that it sold out its initial 2000 copy run within two weeks with little or no media publicity. The band went on to change musical direction leaving behind most of the progressive stylistic markers and redefining themselves as New Wave.
 Vampyrìsme Nècrophilie Nècrosadisme Nècrophagie is the debut studio album by Italian band Theatres des Vampires. It was released on 1996 through Garden of Grief. The album's sound is significantly more raw than on subsequent releases.
 Forgotten Library or also known as Pike 11 is the forty-first studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the eleventh installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series.The album was announced on March 27 as a limited edition untitled album with hand drawn covers and signed by Buckethead himself. The album was released on April 9 and a download only version was released on June 4. A standard edition was announced but has not yet been released.
 The Great Santa Barbara Oil Slick is a live album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey released posthumously in 2004.
 Carmine Meo is the debut album from French soprano Emma Shapplin and the album that brought her worldwide attention. According to Shapplin's official site the album has sold over two million copies and has gone multi-platinum.
 Beautiful Hum is the debut studio album by Australian rock band Small Mercies released through Sony BMG on 24 May 2008.
 Motorhellington is the third album by the Italian band Zu which appear in Roy Paci on trumpet and backing vocals and Eugene Chadbourne on guitar and vocals.
 The Judy Collins Concert was a 1964 live album by American folk singer Judy Collins which included combined traditional folk material with songs by Bob Dylan and Tom Paxton. It was recorded on March 21 1964 at Town Hall in New York City. With the exception of Hey Nelly Nelly none of the songs had been previously recorded by Collins.
 Don't Blame Me is a 1995 solo guitar album Marc Ribot and released on the Japanese DIW label. It features several interpretations of jazz standards showtunes and modern jazz compositions as well as three improvisations by Ribot.
 Too Gangsta for Radio is a compilation album released by Death Row Records containing performances by multiple artists. Most of the songs are diss songs projected at former Death Row artists including Dr. Dre Snoop Dogg Nate Dogg and Daz Dillinger among others. It features appearances from Scarface Ja Rule Dresta Ruff Ryders and then-newly signed Death Row artists including Crooked I and Tha Realest.Although the album sold poorly it peaked at #171 on the U.S.
 Blueprints for the Black Market is the first album released by the band Anberlin. It was released barely a year after the band formed and was the only album that was released with guitarist Joey Bruce in the band line-up. Blueprints had two singles Readyfuels for which a music video was filmed and Change the World (Lost Ones). Although the album has sold over 60000 units its success pales compared to Anberlin's later albums failing to chart on the Billboard 200.
 It's Gonna Be Right is an album by Cheryl Lynn released in 1985 on Columbia Records. The album was a follow up to her successful 1983 album Preppie. The album was also Lynn's final album for the Columbia Label. It was produced by Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis who had produced her hit single Encore.The first single Fidelity though bearing similarities to Cheryl Lynn's previous Jam & Lewis-produced smash Encore only reached #25 on the R&B charts.
 This article describes the 39th album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 39 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 39 or Now 39 was released in 1998 on audio cassette and Compact Disc. The album is the 39th edition of the Now! series in the United Kingdom.
 Skaggs & Rice is an album by American guitarist Tony Rice and muti-instrumentalist Ricky Skaggs released in 1980. The album was reissued in April 2012.
 Everybody was the debut album from New York based band Gods Child. The band members (Chris Seefried on vocals guitars and Mellotron; Gary DeRosa on keyboards; Craig Ruda on bass and Alex Alexander on drums percussion and loops) all hail from the burroughs of the Big Apple and cite Patti Smith and the Velvet Underground as their main inspirations.
 Forty Hour Train Back To Penn is the third and final album by The Movielife. It was released by indie label Drive-Thru Records in 2003. Two singles were released from the album: Face or Kneecaps and Jamestown. The album includes a bonus disc showcasing other Drive-Thru Records artists as well as an unreleased acoustic version of Sailor Tattoos.
 The Rough Guide To Psychedelic Africa is a world music compilation album originally released in 2012 featuring 60s and 70s African popular music. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the album contains two discs: an overview of the genre on Disc One and a bonus Disc Two highlighting Victor Uwaifo. Disc One features three Nigerian tracks two Guinean and one each from Benin Ethiopia Tanzania Senegal Ghana & Mali.
 Greatest Hits is a 1964 greatest hits album the first for American R&B-soul singer Marvin Gaye released on the Tamla label. Released during Gaye's first period of success it was also his first charted album as a solo artist after making his album chart debut with the Mary Wells duet album Together the same year.
 Cautionary Tales for the Brave is a 2005 mini-album by the British New prog band Pure Reason Revolution. Singer Chloe Alper described the album as a kind of warm up to The Dark Third. Most of the tracks appear on their debut album The Dark Third with the exception of In Aurelia with Jon Courtney saying that they were initially written to be released on that album before Sony BMG decided to release a mini-album prompting the band to write more songs.
 All Over the Place was The Bangles' first full length album for Columbia Records. Released in 1984 the sound is lively and shows more Bangles collaboration and fewer keyboard overdubs that were used later on their more commercially successful albums.
 Por Cuba y Vietnam is the ninth album by the folk music artist Rolando Alarcón. On the album he is accompanied by Carlos Valladares Enrique San Martín and Los Emigrantes.
 The In Crowd is the second album by Kidz in the Hall released on May 13 2008 on Duck Down Records. The first single released was Drivin' Down the Block.The album received mostly favourable reviews from critics who cited it to be an improvement on their debut with Double-0's production in particular receiving credit.
 Unconditionally Guaranteed is the eighth LP by Captain Beefheart and the Magic Band originally released in 1974. It was recorded at Hollywood Sound Los Angeles.Upon release it was criticised for being too commercial; even so it failed to give Beefheart any real chart success peaking at #192 on the Billboard Top 200.
 Tables Will Turn: Unsigned Band Compilation #8 is a compilation album that is the 8th in the Unsigned Band Compilation series released by Velvet Blue Music.
 David Cassidy was David Cassidy's first U.S. album released in 14 years and was his only release on the now-defunct Enigma Records. The album was released in 1990 with the featured single Lyin' to Myself. Lyin' to Myself was the first top-30 hit for David Cassidy in eighteen years.
 Time To Be King is the fourth studio album by the multinational power metal band Masterplan. It is their third album with original singer Jørn Lande the first since his original departure in 2006 and the last before his final departure in 2012.
 George Shearing and the Montgomery Brothers is an album by Anglo-American jazz pianist George Shearing released in 1961.
 Sharin' in the Groove: Celebrating the Music of Phish is an all-star charity Phish tribute album featuring 23 acts covering 20 Phish songs all on a volunteer basis to fund music education for children under the auspices of the Mockingbird Foundation.
 M.A.D.E. is the third studio album by rapper Memphis Bleek. It was released on December 16 2003 and at best it reached #35. The first single released from the album was Round Here which featured Trick Daddy and T.I. and production from Just Blaze. The second single was Need Me In Your Life which featured Nate Dogg.
 David Murray Quintet with Ray Anderson & Anthony Davis is an album by David Murray which was released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1996 and features performances by Murray Ray Anderson Anthony Davis Kenny Davis and Tommy Campbell.
 In Time was the sixth studio album released by americana-neotraditional country-tex-mex band The Mavericks on January 21 2013 or February 26 2013 on the Valory Music Group label which is owned by Big Machine Records. The album was produced by Niko Bolas and Raul Malo. The album has achieved success amongst the critics and according to Metacritic has garnered universal acclaim.The vinyl LP version of the record was pressed by United Record Pressing in Nashville TN.
 Here I Am the fifth album by Dionne Warwick was recorded during the summer and fall of 1965 and released in December 1965 by Scepter Records. The LP was produced by Burt Bacharach and Hal David. This album as was usually the case until 1968 was recorded at Bell Sound Studios in New York.
 Mind Bokeh is the sixth studio album by electronic musician Bibio his third studio release on Warp Records. It was released March 29 2011 in the U.S. and on April 4 in the U.K. Europe and everywhere else. Stephen Wilkinson a.k.a. Bibio described the album as a balance of the familiar and the non-familiar.On January 12 a video of samples from the album was released by Warp Records.
 Oxygène: New Master Recording also known as Oxygène New Master Recording 2007 and Oxygène (New Master Recording) is a new recording of an album by Jean Michel Jarre released in 2007 marking the 30th anniversary of the worldwide release of his album Oxygène and is Jarre's fourteenth studio album.
 GMB is the second studio album by Southern California-based hip hop trio Pac Div released on November 27 2012 under RBC Records. It was preceded by the release of Pac Div's first studio album The DiV (2011). The acronym GMB stands for Gabe Mike and Bryan the respective first names of Like Mibbs and BeYoung. The record features guest appearances from Blu Kurupt Kendrick Lamar and Mac Miller among others.
 Scream and Light Up the Sky is the second album from indie rock band The Honorary Title. It was released in association with Doghouse Records and Reprise Records on August 28 2007. The album was produced by Rob Schnapf with the exception of the track Stuck at Sea which was produced by Butch Walker. The album title is taken from the song The City's Summer.
 I Like 'em Country is a 1966 studio album by American country singer-songwriter Loretta Lynn.I Like 'em Country was Loretta Lynn's fifth studio album and was released by Decca Records. The album unlike Lynn's previous two albums released two singles instead of only one single. The first single The Home You're Tearing Down was released in 1965 and became a Top 10 hit followed by the second single Dear Uncle Sam a self-penned single by Lynn about the Vietnam War.
 The Bright Mississippi is an album by New Orleans Jazz and R&B pianist Allen Toussaint released on Nonesuch Records in 2009. It was produced by Joe Henry and features various guest artists including Brad Mehldau Joshua Redman and Nicholas Payton.The album title is taken from the 1968 Thelonious Monk song of the same name and features a new version of the song. The album is a unique juxtaposition of modern and traditional jazz tunes with stylistic cues drawn from both worlds.
 Bass Player is the debut album by New Zealand reggae band Rhombus. It was released in 2003. The album peaked at #18 in the New Zealand Top 40 Albums charts. The song Clav Dub reached #16 in the New Zealand Top 40 Singles charts.
 Bossa nova nova bossa is the first album recorded by the Brazilian pianist and composer Manfredo Fest. Released on LP in 1963 this work counts on the musicians Humberto Clayber Antonio Pinheiro and Hector Costita. It also counts on the participation of the vocal group Titulares do Ritmo on the last track. The group presents a fusion of bossa nova and jazz.
 The Fool is the debut studio album by American alternative rock band Warpaint released on October 25 2010 on Rough Trade Records. The album was recorded at two studios—Curves Studio and The Boat Studio—in the band's native Los Angeles California throughout 2010 and was produced by Tom Biller who also shared mixing duties with Andrew Weatherall and Adam Samuels.The band describe the album as the older sister of their debut Exquisite Corpse (2008).
 In Darkness is the sixth studio album by the German symphonic black metal band Agathodaimon. It was released in 2013 on Massacre Records.
 Home For Christmas is Daryl Hall & John Oates' first full length album of Christmas music. It was released in the USA on October 3 2006. A portion of the proceeds of the sale of this album goes to Toys for Tots.
 Prisoner of the Night is an album by Dutch hard rock band Golden Earring released in 1980. In the U.S.A. the album was titled: Long Blond Animal.
 Fields of Grace is the third studio album by Contemporary Christian music Christian rock band Big Daddy Weave. This was their second release with a major label in Fervent Records. It was released on September 30 2003. This album charted on the following Billboard's charts on October 18 2003: No. 177 on Billboard 200 No. 8 on Christian Albums and No. 7 on Top Heatseekers.
 Shane McAnally is the self-titled debut studio album by country singer Shane McAnally. It was also the only album of his career released on October 24 2000 via Curb Records. The album includes the singles Say Anything Are Your Eyes Still Blue and Run Away.
 The Book is an 2008 comeback EP by prolific Canadian rapper D-Sisive. The release was nominated for a Juno Award. (The EP lost out to Not 4 Sale by Kardinal Offishall.)
 Contrasts is the eighth release by Azeri jazz artist Aziza Mustafa Zadeh. Released in early 2006 it is her first completely solo album since her debut in 1991 with the sales of more than 1.000.000 copies worldwide
 Street Map is an EP of new studio recordings from The Innocence Mission.
 No Ennui is Mrs. Fun's third album from 1995. It was produced by Victor DeLorenzo and recorded by Michael Hoffman at Joe's Recording Studio in Milwaukee Wisconsin. Like all of their albums produced through 1998 it was self-released. The music is a bass-heavy groove-based free jazz.The record features guest artists k.d. lang singing background vocals on Daughtera (which was dedicated to Sun Ra) and Amy Ray and Emily Saliers singing background vocals on Gossip.
 After All These Years is the 1981 album by singer-songwriter Mickey Newbury considered the concluding album of his remarkable 1970s run it was the last album he would record for seven years.
 Mind Control is the fourth album by American post-grunge band Tantric and was released on August 4 2009. It is the band's second album under Silent Majority Group and was produced by Brett Hestla marking Tantric's departure from mainstay producer Toby Wright. Mind Control retains the band's 2008 lineup with the exception of drummer Kevin Miller who was replaced by Richie Monica.
 Beautiful Africa is the fifth studio album by Maliian musician Rokia Traoré. It was released in April 2013 under Nonesuch Records.
 Splitsville 1 is a split album by the American rock and roll bands Supersuckers and Electric Frankenstein. It was originally released in 2002.
 Hearts and Knives is the fourth studio album by the British pop group Visage. Released in May 2013 it is the band's first album of new material in 29 years.
 This World They'll Drown is a mini-album by Exit Ten released in 2006.A video was made for Resume Ignore.
 For Those Who Dare is the fifth studio album of the American heavy metal band Chastain released in 1990 through Leviathan Records. New members David Harbour and John Luke Hebert were part of the band that played in Leather Leone solo album Shock Waves in 1989.
 Raise Your Spirit Higher is an album by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo. It was released on 27 January 2004 and was a North American re-release of the group's latest album Wenyukela (Raise Your Spirit Higher) of 2003.
 Funny Times is an album by Misty's Big Adventure released in November 2007. It is their third full studio release and was preceded by the single I Can't Get The Time Back in October 2007.
 Beat Up the NME (often subtitled 60 Knockout Minutes Mixed By Fatboy Slim) was a free cassette tape given away with the NME in 1997. It was given the NME tape title of NME NORM1.The collection was compiled by Fatboy Slim and engineered by long time Cook collaborator Simon Thornton.
 Ceol 06 is a 26-track double album of songs in Irish to celebrate Seachtain na Gaeilge.
 To Rock or Not to Be is the 12th studio album by the Swiss hard rock band Krokus released in 1995. The album stayed seven weeks in the top ten of the Swiss charts peaking at number 5.
 A Band in Upperworld is the first live album and the third release by Adagio.
 All Day Everyday is the third album by the American rap group South Central Cartel and is their most critically acclaimed and commercially successful album.
 4 5 and 6 is a studio album by saxophonist Jackie McLean his second effort for Prestige Records. It was recorded in 1956 and originally released the same year as PRLP 7048. In 1962 it was reissued on the Prestige sub-label New Jazz Records as NJ 8279 with a different cover. The album was reissued on CD in 1991.
 Redesekration is the second full-length album by Polish blackened death metal band Infernal War. The album was released on March 26 2007 through Agonia Records. It was recorded and mixed at the Radioaktywni Studio Częstochowa Poland during the summer of 2006.
 Something to Lust About is the second EP by Richmond Virginia's Scarlet. It was produced shortly after the band reunited in 2002.
 Temptation is the fourth studio album by American country singer-songwriter Shelby Lynne released July 6 1993. Two songs Tell Me I'm Crazyand I Need a Heart to Come Home To were released as singles and one of the tracks I Need a Heart to Come Home To featured on the soundtrack to Tony Scott's 1993 film True Romance.
 Change Remains is the fourth album by the indie pop band Starlight Mints.
 Black Angel is the fourth studio album by British singer-songwriter Mica Paris. It was released on August 10 1998 by Cooltempo / Chrysalis her first and last for these labels. This album was Paris' last album to chart in the UK Top 200 to date and features production from Boy George and Raphael SaadiqThe album has received acclaim from critics and purchasers giving top marks and scores upon reviewing the album.
 Garage Moi is a self-produced album by Marzio Scholten's IDENTIKIT which was released on October 29 2013. Dutch newspaper Het Parool was the first to review this album on 17 october 2013 and rated it with five (*****) stars the maximum rating. One of their quotes in the review: This isn't jazz this is universal art.”
 Lost Dogs is a two-disc compilation album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam released on November 11 2003 through Epic Records. The album has been certified gold by the RIAA in the United States.
 Pressure the Hinges is the third album from Christian metalcore band Haste the Day. This is the band's first album with Stephen Keech as lead vocalist. The album was released on March 20 2007 through Solid State Records.Along with the regular version of Pressure the Hinges a deluxe version of the album was also released. The deluxe version includes a DVD which includes live footage including the band just hanging out and working on their new album.
 Come to the River is the first studio album by Rhett Walker Band. The album was released on July 10 2012 by Essential Records. The album was produced by Paul Moak at The Smoakstack. The album debuted at No. 9 and No. 154 on the Christian and Heatseekers albums charts respectively. The lead single from the album is When Mercy Found Me which has had chart success and was primarily on Christian-based charts.
 Vignettes is a solo album by pianist Marilyn Crispell recorded in 2007 and released on the ECM label.
 Eu Sei que Vou Te Amar was released in 1994 in Brazil by João Gilberto. It was recorded live.
 Orinoco Flow – The Music of Enya (1996) is the first album released by the Taliesin Orchestra and is a tribute to the Irish singer Enya. There have been three other Enya tribute albums released by the Orchestra: Maiden of Mysteries An Instrumental Tribute to the Hits of Enya and Thread of Time.
 Emerald Tears is a solo album by bassist Dave Holland recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label.
 A Meeting by the River is an album by Ry Cooder and Vishwa Mohan Bhatt released in April 1993 through the record label Water Lily Acoustics. Recorded in September 1992 the improvised collaborative album features Cooder on slide guitar and Bhatt on the Mohan veena a stringed instrument created by Bhatt. A Meeting by the River was produced by Kavichandran Alexander and Jayant Shah engineered by Alexander and mastered by Kevin Michael Gray and Paul Stubblebine.
 Stars/Time/Bubbles/Love is the fourth album from The Free Design. It was released in 1970. In 2004 it was named The Free Design's best album to date by Dominique Leone on Pitchfork.
 Smokin' is a Smokey Robinson live album released in 1978.
 The Worst of Black Box Recorder is a 2001 album by Black Box Recorder whose members include Luke Haines Sarah Nixey and John Moore. It is a compilation of B-sides from the singles of England Made Me and The Facts Of Life.It also contains videos for 4 of their singles: The Facts of Life Child Psychology The Art of Driving and England Made Me.
 Legacy of Kings is the second album by the Swedish metal band HammerFall. It was released September 28 1998 on Nuclear Blast Records.The enhanced CD release included the music video for the track Let the Hammer Fall a photo gallery lyrics for the songs PC wallpapers and a screensaver and a Winamp skin only on the Bonus Deluxe Edition. The cover art for this album was painted by Andreas Marschall.
 Worlds Away is the fourth solo album by John Norum the guitarist of the Swedish hard rock band Europe. It was released in 1996. This album features the only cover from John's solo releases that does not feature the guitarist himself.
 Rabalderstræde Forever is a compilation album by Danish rock group Gasolin' and was released in 1991 on CD and as a double LP.It was a big seller in Denmark and a new generation of Danes discovered why Gasolin' was so popular in the first place. It was also released in 1999 as Gasolin' Forever with Derudaf Forever.
 My Brother's Keeper is the fifth studio album by R&B icons K-Ci & JoJo released on September 30 2013.
 Best of The Doobie Brothers Live is a live album released by The Doobie Brothers. It was the companion album to Rockin' down the Highway: The Wildlife Concert only as a limited set. It was released in 1999.
 Wisteria is a jazz album by pianist Steve Kuhn and his trio released on ECM Records in 2012 as ECM 2257.
 Absence of War Does Not Mean Peace is the seventh full-length release by Finnish black metal band Impaled Nazarene. The release was recorded at Anssi Kippo's Astia Studio from July to August 2001. A music video was made for Hardboiled and Still Hellbound featuring former Finnish porn star Rakel Liekki.
 Miami Vice was a popular 1980s television series most noted for its use of pop music. Throughout its five season run the series released multiple albums.
 Ultimate is a greatest hits compilation album by UK electronic music band Pet Shop Boys. It is their third greatest hits album released on 1 November 2010 by their long-time label Parlophone. The album contains 18 previously released singles in chronological order and one new song (Together). Ultimate was released to celebrate 25 years since the band's first single release West End Girls in standard single-CD and expanded CD/DVD configurations.
 NOTHINGHEAD is the sixth album released by the USA rock band Donut Kings.
 Lost Sides is a compilation album by the band Doves. The commercial edition was released in September 2003 in two formats with the second disc (HVNLP46CDX) and without the second disc (HVNLP46CD). The first disc contains b-sides from Doves' first two albums whilst the second disc features remixed material. The 2003 issue coincided with the band's first DVD release Where We're Calling From.
 Adalita is the debut studio album by Australian musician Adalita. It was released by Liberation Music in March 2011. It received the Australian Independent Record (AIR) Award for 'Best Independent Album' in 2011.
 Committed to a Bright Future is the name of Dog Fashion Disco's 5th studio album released in 2003. Music videos were made for the songs The Acid Memoirs and Grease.
 Gambler is a musical written by Eric Woolfson. It features several of his most popular songs from his earlier writing with The Alan Parsons Project.
 Manifest! is the debut album from American band Friends released in June 2012 on the Fat Possum label in the United States and on the Lucky Number label in Europe.
 Bellybutton is the debut album by Jellyfish released on August 7 1990.The album spawned the singles The King Is Half-Undressed (reached No. 19 on Billboard's Modern Rock Chart) That Is Why (reached No. 11 on Billboard's Modern Rock Chart) Baby's Coming Back(reached No.
 State Law is a comedy album by Donnie Baker which was first released in November 2007. It is a single disc CD which represents original material recorded during The Bob & Tom Show's syndicated daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.
 The Very Best of Chicago: Only the Beginning is a double greatest hits album by the American band Chicago their twenty-seventh album overall. Released in 2002 this collection marked the beginning of a long-term partnership with Rhino Entertainment which between 2002 and 2005 would go on to remaster and re-release Chicago's 1969–1980 Columbia Records catalogue.
 Especially for You is Cilla Black's eleventh solo studio album released in 1980. This was her first recording project to be undertaken after the completion of her 15-year contract with the EMI group.
 I Hope You Win! is the debut album from novelty singer Corn Mo.
 Trag u vremenu (English: Trail In Time) is the seventeenth studio album by Serbian singer Dragana Mirković. It was released in 2004.
 LAEH is the debut album of the Finnish gothic metal band Embraze. It was released in 1998 under Mastervox Records.
 Anthology: 1983–2008 is a compilation album of David Knopfler. It was released on 10 March 2009. The compilation consists of 16 tracks from his 10 solo albums.
 Live is the eleventh album and first all-live album by Alison Krauss and Union Station. All of the songs except Down to the River to Pray (performed at Austin City Limits) were recorded at The Louisville Palace April 29–30 2002. The album was released on November 5 2002.
 The Price of Fame is the fifth studio album by American rapper Bow Wow. It was released on December 19 2006. The first single Shortie Like Mine featuring Chris Brown and Johntá Austin. The second single Outta My System. The third single I Don't Know About That. The fourth and final single was supposed to be 4 Corners but was never released as a single and a video was not shot.
 El vuelo is a Venezuelan music album of 2003 made by Reynaldo Armas with the seal Latin World in this album presents the Venezuelan joropo.
 Wall to Wall is the second album by the duo of René & Angela.
 High Class Trash is the first EP and third release overall by Chicago based hard rock band The Last Vegas released on July 1 2007.This EP was the band's first self-released release as it was after the band split from their previous label Get Hip Records.
 The Proud Family is a soundtrack album for the show of the same name. A combination of both original tunes by the characters in the show popular R&B hits by popular music artists such as Alicia Keys India.Arie and Solange & Destiny's Child (who perform the theme song) and classic soul music from artists such as Aretha Franklin and The O'Jays.
 The One And Only Tommy Dorsey is an album released in 1961 featuring Tommy Dorsey and his band playing accompanied by a number of singers such as Frank Sinatra Jack Leonard and the Pied Pipers.
 Celebrators of Becoming is a Therion box-set released on 5 May 2006. It contains 4 DVDs and 2 audio discs. It is available in two versions: The luxury digipak version in a slip case and the cheaper non-digipak version. Both versions contain all discs. Cover artwork was made by Thomas Ewerhard.
 Amazing Grace: Original Score from the Motion Picture is another soundtrack for the movie Amazing Grace starring Ioan Gruffudd this soundtrack features an original score composed by David Arnold.
 Happy Battle is Francis Magalona's sixth album released in 1996 by BMG Records (Pilipinas) Inc and Musiko Records.
 Promises Promises is the second full-length album by New Zealand trio Die! Die! Die!.It was produced by Shayne Carter member of New Zealand bands Straitjacket Fits and more recently Dimmer; Engineered by Kevin McMahoon and mastered by Howie Weinberg at Masterdisk. The cover art was designed and hand sewn by Mark Rutledge.It was released on 5 February 2008 via Tardus in New Zealand and via SAF records in the USA and Canada.
 Montreux Festival is a blues album by Albert King Chico Hamilton andLittle Milton recorded live on July 1 1973 at the Montreux Jazz Festival.
 5 Years in a LIVEtime is the second home video release by Dream Theater. The video contains a mix of concert footage promotional video clips and behind-the-scenes and interview footage from the five years in between the release of their previous home video Images and Words: Live in Tokyo and this video. Included in the video are the following: The making of their 1994 album Awake. Footage from the Waking Up the World tour.
 She Shot Me Down is a 1981 album by Frank Sinatra. This was the final album Sinatra recorded for the record label he founded Reprise Records and generally considered an artistic triumph that evokes the best of Sinatra during this stage of his career.
 Hallow's Victim is the second album by Saint Vitus. It was released in 1985 by SST Records. This album was the last to feature original singer Scott Reagers until their seventh album Die Healing (1995). Reagers also appears on The Walking Dead EP that was released the same year. It remained the only Saint Vitus album not to be officially released on CD until SST officially released the album on CD in combination with The Walking Dead in 2010.
 The Kick Inside is the debut album by English singer-songwriter and musician Kate Bush. It was released on 17 February 1978 and contains her UK number one hit Wuthering Heights. The album peaked at number three in the UK album charts and has been certified Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry.
 Str8 Out da Slums is a collaborative album from Lil' Keke and The Jacka of the Mob Figaz. It was released on June 21 2005.
 The Civil Surface is Egg’s third and final studio album originally released in 1974 on Caroline Records. The band had broken up in 1972 leaving some of their favourite stage pieces unrecorded. At organist Dave Stewart's suggestion the trio re-united in order to record these compositions.
 Have a Little Talk With Myself was the fifth studio album of Ray Stevens and his third and final for Monument Records; it was released in 1969. Stevens left Monument in early 1970 and signed with Andy Williams' label of Barnaby. This album is quite unique from Stevens' previous albums as he concentrates more on interpreting the works of other composers' songs and only contributes two of his own compositions.
 New Vibe Man in Town is the debut album by vibraphonist Gary Burton recorded in 1961 and released on the RCA label.
 Oasis is an album by American saxophonistist Eric Marienthal released in 1991 and recorded for the GRP label. The album reached #5 on Billboard's contemporary Jazz chart.
 You Were a Diamond is the debut album from indie rock band Clem Snide. It was originally released on Tractor Beam Records and later reissued on spinART.
 Browne Sugar is the debut album by Tom Browne. It was released in 1979 on the GRP Records and reached number six on the Jazz Album chart in 1979.
 Stronger is the second album by Belgian singer Kate Ryan released on 2004 in Europe and released in the U.S. on 2005.Stronger includes the hits singles Only If I The Promise You Made and Goodbye.
 Two Hearts is the third and the last studio album by Australian band Men at Work released in 1985. It is currently out of print. Drummer Jerry Speiser and bassist John Rees left the band prior to the album's production while guitarist Ron Strykert quit the band during recording sessions.
 The Happy Club is the third solo studio album by Bob Geldof.
 Country Willie – His Own Songs is the third studio album by country singer Willie Nelson. Although this was Nelson's third album it was his first for RCA.In 1975 a similarly-titled compilation album was released on United Artists. Titled simply Country Willie it was a collection of B-sides and album tracks from Nelson's tenure at Liberty Records.
 Low Blow is an album by Victor Bailey	released in 1999. Graham Cracker is a tribute to Larry Graham.
 Sunrise Over A Sea Of Blood is the second and final album from the Christian Deathcore band Mortal Treason.
 Serenity is the third album by power metal band Kotipelto released in 2007 while Stratovarius was in hiatus.
 Dark-Ism is a 2005 album by the band Balzac.
 King del Rap is the third studio album by the Italian rapper Marracash released on October 31 2011 under Universal Music Group.The album has been released also in a deluxe version including the street-album Roccia Music II and many bonus tracks.The first single is the title track King del Rap.The album was certified gold by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry.
 The Blackpool Letters is the second studio album by the American singer/songwriter Scott Liss and the first recorded with his band the Sixty-Six. It was recorded over a period spanning January 2008 through September 2009 at Retromedia Sound Studios in Red Bank New Jersey with producer and engineer Paul Ritchie. The design and artwork was produced by artist Hetch.
 Baby is the third studio album by The Detroit Cobras released 27 September 2005.
 A Person of Interest is the third studio album by American hip hop artist DJ Paul released on October 22 2012. Paul states that the album which is a mix of gangsta rap and crunk music is aimed at the core Three 6 Mafia fans. Unlike his previous albums A Person of Interest also incorporates influences from dubstep and electronic dance music. Featured artists are long-time collaborators Lil Wyte Project Pat and Gucci Mane as well as upcoming artist Locodunit.
 Show No Mercy is the debut album by the American heavy metal band Bride. It was the band's debut on the label Pure Metal Records.
 Paper Trail is the sixth studio album by American hip hop recording artist T.I. released September 30 2008 on Grand Hustle Records and Atlantic Records. He began to write songs for the album as he awaited trial for federal weapons and possession charges.
 Dreaming: The Videos is a music video compilation DVD of songs by rock group Crowded House released in 2002. It includes all twenty-one of their music videos from 1986 to 1996 except for Instinct from their greatest hits album Recurring Dream. In 1987 New Zealand television show Catch 22 interviewed Crowded House while on tour. This interview at 26 minutes long is featured with live footage and scenes from all of the music videos up until that point edited throughout the interview.
 The Visibility of Thought is an album of contemporary classical compositions by Muhal Richard Abrams performed by various ensembles which was released on the Mutable Music label in 2001. The album features performances by Abrams Jon Deak Joseph Kubera Mark Feldman Thomas Buckner the ETHEL String Quartet and Phillip Bush.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album released by Curb Records to promote all of Dottie West's greatest and biggest hits of the 1980s. It fails to show any of West's 60s and 70s hits. The album was released by Curb in 1992. Dottie West had died the previous year in a car accident. The album is probably one of her best known compilations.It features her three #1 hits from the 1980s including her two #1s she made as a solo artist A Lesson in Leaving (1980) and Are You Happy Baby (1981).
 One More From the Road (Styled as One More For From the Road) is a live album by Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. It marked the band's first live album and the only live album from the classic era of the band (1970–1977) prior to the plane crash that killed lead singer/songwriter Ronnie Van Zant as well as band members Steve Gaines and Cassie Gaines. The album was released in September 1976.
 Oid is an album of progressive house and breaks music released by producer John Graham under the name Space Manoeuvres.
 Shotgun Blossom is the debut album by New Zealand indie rock group Snapper released in 1990.
 Robin and the 7 Hoods is a 2000 soundtrack album by Frank Sinatra and his Rat Pack that have them singing the songs that were written by Jimmy Van Heusen and Sammy Cahn from their 1964 film Robin and the 7 Hoods.
 Class Guitar is the title of a recording by guitarist Chet Atkins. It peaked at number 26 on the Country Album charts and number 189 on the Pop Album charts. It is out of print.
 Kashmir: Symphonic Led Zeppelin is an instrumental album inspired by Led Zeppelin songs. The music was arranged by Jaz Coleman and performed by the London Philharmonic Orchestra under Peter Scholes.
 Honkin' on Bobo is the 14th studio album by American rock band Aerosmith released on March 30 2004 by Columbia Records. The album includes 11 covers and one original track titled The Grind. The sound reflects Aerosmith's blues-based influences and showcases a rawer sound (reminiscent of their 1970s heyday) compared to their recent commercial efforts and was also produced by Jack Douglas who was Aerosmith's producer on a vast majority of their 1970s' output.
 Umanamente uomo: il sogno (Humanly man: the dream) is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Lucio Battisti. It was released in April 1972 by Numero Uno.
 Poetry for the Poisoned is the ninth studio album from metal band Kamelot.
 Alter Ego is a double album by Tyrese. One CD features only R&B while the other CD features only rap. The rapping is by Tyrese under his alter ego Black-Ty.Guest features include: The Game Method Man Snoop Dogg Lil Scrappy Kurupt Too Short R. Kelly Lil Jon Mannie Fresh.The first single is One & the second single is Turn Ya Out which is produced by and features Lil Jon.The album was released in stores on December 12 2006.
 The Constant Lover is the first EP by the Canadian indie-rock girl group Magneta Lane released October 5 2004 on Paper Bag Records.
 American Idol: Greatest Hits was released on iTunes on June 12 2007. The album was finally released almost a month after the May finale. The album contains 11 cover songs by the finalists and Jordin Sparks' winning single. The Collector's Edition contains 76 songs and includes cover songs by top 12 and again Jordin Sparks' winning single. Neither collection of songs was released as an actual CD but both are available exclusively through the iTunes Store.
 Live at the Cardiff Capitol Theater is a live concert recording of Lynyrd Skynyrd during a European tour in support of their third album Nuthin' Fancy. It was released by Geffen Records alongside Authorized Bootleg: Live In Winterland San Francisco CA 3/07/76 which captures a concert four months later. Both recordings contain different set lists. This concert took place at the Capitol Theatre in Cardiff Wales on November 4 1975.
 Charles Lloyd in the Soviet Union is a live album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd recorded at the International Jazz Festival Tallinn 1967 Kalevi Sport Hall Tallinn Estonia (at that time part of the USSR) in 1967 by the Charles Lloyd Quartet featuring Keith Jarrett Ron McClure and Jack DeJohnette.
 The Ultimate Collection: Music + Video - 1991–1996 is the second video album third compilation album and twelfth album overall by Greek pop-rock singer-songwriter Sakis Rouvas. The album comprises two discs one CD and one DVD released in early 2005 by Universal Music Greece and comprises songs from his first five albums released under the former PolyGram Records Greece. The album contains 20 of his first hit singles and 13 of his music videos.
 World is the second studio album by British synthpop / dance band D:Ream released in 1995. It was to be their final studio release before their disbanding in 1997.
 Spending Time with Morgan is the debut studio album by Norwegian singer-songwriter Ane Brun released on 25 May 2003. Morgan is the nickname of Ane's guitar at the time though he has since been retired - according to Ane herself on stage in Paris on 19 April 2008.
 Recordando a Felipe Pirela is the fifth solo album by Héctor Lavoe. It was released on 1979 under the label of Fania Records and was produced by Willie Colón.
 Time Flies is an album released in 2003 by country music artist Billy Ray Cyrus. His only release for the Madacy label it produced the singles What Else Is There Bread Alone and Back to Memphis. Also included is an acoustic rendition of the title track to Cyrus's 1992 debut album Some Gave All.The track She Don't Love Me (She Don't Hate Me) was later recorded by Trent Willmon on his 2004 self-titled debut album and by Blake Shelton on his 2007 album Pure BS.
 After The Wildhearts split with the East West recording label East West released this compilation album unendorsed by the band. It was notable for including the UK CD debut of Beautiful Me Beautiful You and 29 x The Pain '96. A more comprehensive release was issued in Japan in 1997.
 The Unveiling is the second studio album and first album released on independent hardcore Christian label Solid State Records by post-hardcore band Cry of the Afflicted.
 Nick Cave i Przyjaciele (English: Nick Cave and Friends) is a live album recorded in 1999 in Poland. The performances are Nick Cave songs with lyrics that have been were translated into Polish by Roman Kołakowski. Cave appears on the first and tenth tracks with Stanisław Sojka.
 YMO Versus The Human League is an EP released in Japan and Asia in April 1993. It was released by Alfa Records and is a collaboration between Japanese electropop/synthpop band Yellow Magic Orchestra and British New Wave/synthpop band The Human League. It features 4 tracks. Behind the Mask was remixed by Mark Gamble (based on Michael Jackson's version) instead of the Human League.
 As the Roots Undo is an album released by the post-hardcore band Circle Takes the Square in 2004. It was released in CD and LP formats by respectively the Robotic Empire and HyperRealist record labels.To quote the album booklet: In a nutshell the concept behind the songs was to document the different points on a path to self-realization. In our interpretation of this journey the wanderer ends up essentially in the same place that he or she began if not humbled and even more overwhelmed.
 Venomous is the fourth studio album by Indonesian metal band Burgerkill produced by Yayat Ahdiat and Burgerkill. Venomous is the first album to feature the vocals of lead vocalist Vicky. The album was a local success. In the first week of album promo concert at Bandung Berisik a local metal venue about 1000 compact disks were sold.Venomous was listed #3rd rank after Satu Untuk Berbagi and Jemima as the best studio album release for 2011 by Rolling Stone Indonesia magazine.
 Danny Joe Brown and the Danny Joe Brown Band is the first and only studio album by American southern rock band The Danny Joe Brown Band released in 1981.
 Songwriter is an album by Justin Hayward released in February 1977. Hayward wrote all of the songs and played all of the instruments on the songs Raised On Love and Nostradamus. The album also features musicians Hayward had worked with on his previous project Blue Jays recorded with John Lodge.
 Geek Rhythms is a rap music CD conceived and funded by chemical engineer Rajeev Bajaj in 2004. Originally it was self-published but is currently distributed by Hapi Skratch Entertainment of Loveland Colorado and available on amazon.com. It features lyrics extoling the engineering profession like I am an engineer/Respect my mind/So bow down when u see me down town and engineering concepts like thermodynamic cycles fluid mechanics and robotics.
 Historically Speaking is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded for the Bethlehem label in 1956. The album features updated arrangements of many of Elington's early compositions.
 Cuéntame (Eng: Tell me) is the sixth album from Mexican pop music singer and actress Lucerito. It was released on 1989. Most of the songs of this album were part of the soundtrack from the motion picture Deliciosa Sinvergüenza; it also includes a cover of The Pet Shop Boys' It's a Sin for the song Hojas Secas (Eng. Dried Leaves).
 Introducing Payola$ is the four-song EP with which the Payolas made their major label debut on A&M Records.
 All Quiet On the Noise Floor is an album by Jason Falkner released in Japan on September 2 2009. One edition is to include a DVD that features a July 28 2008 performance and rehearsal footage with Quruli before the Fuji Rock Festival. A US release was tentatively scheduled for the end of 2009 but never occurred.
 This Eclipse is a 1995 EP release by Polvo. It was recorded and mixed by Brian Paulson in Hillsborough North Carolina on August 21–22 that year mastered by John Golden and released on Merge Records.
 Redeemer is Norma Jean's third studio album. It was released on September 12 2006 in the United States and on October 3 2006 in Canada. The album sold more than 21000 records in its first week. It is the last album to feature drummer Daniel Davison. For this album they filmed videos for Blueprints for Future Homes and Songs Sound Much Sadder. Shannon Crawford the singer of Cellophane and Monster in the Machine painted the album artwork.
 Gold is a compilation album by The Moody Blues released in 2005 by Polydor. The Moody Blues get the two-disc treatment on the latest instalment of Polydor's surprisingly thorough Gold series.
 The X-Files: The Album is a 1998 soundtrack album released to accompany the film The X-Files.
 Irrlicht is the first album by Klaus Schulze. Originally released in 1972 in 2006 it was the sixteenth Schulze album reissued by Revisited Records as part of a series of Schulze album reissues. Recorded without a synthesizer Irrlicht's set of early organ drone experiments is not exactly the music for which KS got famous.
 Eye Legacy is the first posthumous release by the late American rapper and TLC member Lisa Left Eye Lopes credited on the cover as lisa lefteye lopes. The album is a compilation of songs either unreleased or featured on Supernova remixed to feature new production as well as new guest singers and rappers.
 Herbie Nichols Trio is the third album by American jazz pianist Herbie Nichols featuring performances recorded and released on the Blue Note label in 1956.
 Regression Towards Evil is the first compilation album from death metal band Skinless.
 Manic Moonlight is the ninth studio album by King's X released in 2001.
 The Cure in Orange is a concert film by British rock group The Cure. It is viewed as being as an essential document of the Cure at their mid-late 1980s peak by fans of the group.
 Encores and New Songs is an album by Neal Morse. It contains the encores from the concert that was on the ? Live album. The live tracks were recorded in the Summer of 2006 at the Columbia Hall in Berlin Germany. It also contains band new studio recorded songs and an interview with Neal Morse. The first track is a live version of We All Need Some Light which is originally from SMPT:e (AKA StoltMorsePortnoyTrewavas) by Transatlantic.
 The White Room is the fourth and final to be released studio album by British house music group The KLF released in March 1991. Originally scheduled to be released in 1989 as the soundtrack to a film of the same name the album's direction was changed after both the film and the original soundtrack LP were cancelled at the last moment.
 On the Outside Looking In is the 1994 album by Eightball & MJG released on Suave House Records.
 Definition of a Band is the third studio album by R&B band Mint Condition. It was released on September 24 1996. Definition of a Band was Mint Condition's most successful recording to date- yielding both a hit single as well as a Gold certification from the RIAA. Before the release of the album the band were faced with label troubles. Their mentors and label heads Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis severed ties with Perspective Records.
 Stinky Little Gods is the debut album from desert rock band Fatso Jetson.
 Toeachizown is the second studio album by American neo-boogie musician Dâm-Funk released on October 27 2009 by Stones Throw Records. Album was produced by Leon Sylvers III a record producer of SOLAR Records and a member of 70s disco group The Sylvers. The album heavily draws influences from 80s funk post-disco electro boogie P-funk sci-fi music of the 1970s and the 1980s and other eighties-influenced music. The album was generally well received by critics.
 Dependent and Happy is the third studio album by Ricardo Villalobos. It was released by Perlon on LP and CD over three dates in August and September 2012.
 Live & Well is a Live album by The Gap Band released in 1996. The songs Gotta Get Up and Drop the Bomb are both special live versions of Early in the Morning and You Dropped a Bomb on Me with similar instrumentations but modified lyrics.
 Strait Up is the second and final studio album by Snot released on November 7 2000. The album features appearances by the lead vocalists of a number of major rock groups. The album was released as a tribute to Snot's lead singer Lynn Strait who was killed in a car accident on December 11 1998.
 Earthquake Weather is a 1989 record by former The Clash frontman Joe Strummer. The album sold few copies despite being received well by critics. The majority of the album was recorded in Los Angeles California in 1988 and 1989. It was the first time Strummer had worked on his own musical project. In previous years he had worked with Alex Cox on the soundtracks of his films Sid and Nancy and Walker in 1986 and 1987.
 Speed Metal Symphony is the first studio album by heavy metal band Cacophony released in 1987 through Shrapnel Records. In a 2009 article by Guitar World magazine the album was ranked ninth on the all-time top ten list of shred albums.
 Feel It is the debut album by Philadelphia Pennsylvania based Fat Larry's Band.
 Sit Down and Relax with Jimmy Forrest is an album by saxophonist Jimmy Forrest recorded in 1961 and released on the Prestige label.
 Warning Device is the third album by the American pop punk band Teenage Bottlerocket. It was released on January 8 2008 on Red Scare Records. A music video was made for the single In the Basement late in 2007 before the album was released.
 The Way of All Flesh is the fourth studio album by French death metal band Gojira.
 Agony & Irony is the sixth studio album by Alkaline Trio released on July 1 2008 on Epic Records.
 Parigi-Lisbona is a live album by Italian Jazz fusion band Area released in 1996 and recorded in 1976 in Paris and Lisbon while the band was supporting their third album Crac!. In the Paris section of the CD Demetrio Stratos announces himself the songs in French and even sings La Mela di Odessa as La Pomme de Odessa.
 Sad & Dangerous is the first major release by the Australian trio Dirty Three. The album recorded live at Scuzz Studio includes ten songs from their gig-give-away demo cassette release.
 Axiom Collection series of albums are compilations from the Axiom record label released between 1991 and 1996. The first collection Illuminations collects one track from each of the label's first ten albums. The second collection Manifestation contains mainly non-album mixes and edits.Subsequent collections were released to highlight specific music forms and in the main contained new material.
 Demos is the seventeenth album by Crosby Stills & Nash released in 2009 on Rhino Records. It peaked at #104 on the Billboard 200.
 Split Image is the debut album by Excel released in 1987. It is the band's first album as Welcome to Venice is a split album with Suicidal Tendencies Beowülf No Mercy and Los Cycos.Like many Excel albums the recording is out of print.
 Back To Bizznizz is the second album by Grime artist Lethal Bizzle. It was released on 23 July 2007.
 Air Supply is the eighth studio and second eponymous album by Australian soft rock band Air Supply released in 1985 (see 1985 in music). The album was a step down in the band's sales reaching gold certification and #26 in the US charts. The single Just As I Am was their last major entry on the charts reaching #19 on the Billboard Hot 100 while their interpretation of the Jennifer Rush song The Power of Love became a minor hit reaching #68.
 Against the Seasons: Cold Winter Songs from the Dead Summer Heat is the first release and only EP from the black metal/doom metal group Woods of Ypres. It was recorded in August 2002 at Spectre Sound Studios in Tecumseh Ontario.
 Lemonade for Vampires is the seventh and last album released by the band Gas Huffer on Estrus Records in 2005.
 A Rise to Power is the third album from Australian heavy metal band Dungeon. It was released in Australia on 1 August 2002 by Metal Warriors and internationally by LMP in 2003 first in Europe on 30 June and then in the U.S. in July. Both versions feature different cover art; the Australian version was designed by drummer Steve Moore. Lord Tim has stated privately that he dislikes the cover of the European version of the album.
 Souvenir from Japan is a compilation album by the British band Japan released in 1989 by Sony BMG. It includes most of the tracks that were on Assemblage. Oddly the live version of Deviation is included (from the Live In Japan EP) and also a unique remix of Life In Tokyo.
 Goin' Down Rockin': The Last Recordings is a posthumous album by country music singer Waylon Jennings released on September 25 2012. The release includes eight unreleased songs written and recorded by Jennings along with his bassist Robby Turner during the last years of his life as well as eight songs never released before in any version.Jennings recorded the songs only playing his guitar and singing while accompanied by Turner on the bass.
 The Forgotten Trail (1969–74) is a 2-CD collection of the greatest hits of Poco recorded during the group's work for Epic Records which included their first eight albums (through Cantamos). Although this collection does not include most of Poco's biggest hits which came after the group's move to ABC Records it does contain both sides of a non-LP single three remixes three alternate takes and six unreleased tracks all of which came from Richie Furay's original time in the band.
 In Our Style is an album by David Murray and Jack DeJohnette released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1986 and features five duo performances by Murray and DeJohnette with Fred Hopkins joining on two additional numbers.
 The Best Of Sonny & Cher is the first compilation album by American pop duo Sonny & Cher released in 1967 by Atlantic/Atco Records.
 Curiosa la cara de tu padre is Spanish pop singer Melendi's fourth album produced by José de Castro. It was released September 16 2008 and its first single was Un violinista en tu tejado
 Quero Me Apaixonar is the sixth album in the live praise and worship series of Christian Contemporary music by Diante do Trono.
 Dispetto is the fourteenth album by Gianna Nannini released in 1995.
 Shaken and Stirred: The David Arnold James Bond Project is an album of cover versions of James Bond film themes organized and produced by David Arnold. Featuring contemporary rock and electronic artists of the time it was compiled by Arnold in 1997 and released on East West Records in the United Kingdom and Sire Records in the United States.
 Under en sort sol is the second album by the Danish rock band Sods later known as Sort Sol. The album was recorded over two days in 1980 and released the same year. With this album the group moved away from the punchy 1-2-3-4 punk and into more experimental post-punk. To mark the change the band name was not written anywhere on the cover.The album was reissued in 1997 with bonus tracks.
 Take You to the Sky is the fourth album by the progressive bluegrass band Northern Lights.
 The Sweetest Hangover is the third album by German musician Miss Platnum. It was released on September 4 2009 under the label Four Music. The song Why Did You Do It? was already released in 2008 as a promotional single. The first single She Moved In! was released on August 14 2009 and reached #51 of the German singles chart.
 Three Men Walking is an album by American composer composer saxophone and clarinet player Joe Maneri with guitarist Joe Morris and violinist Mat Maneri recorded in 1995 and released on the ECM label.
 The First Damned is a demo compilation by Polish technical death metal band Decapitated. It is a compilation of band demos Cemeterial Gardens and The Eye of Horus and additionally two live tracks recorded during the Thrash 'Em All Festival 2000. The First Damned was released on one disc.
 The Best of Nanci Griffith is a UK album release which is very similar to The MCA Years: A Retrospective but with several different tracks. Two of the tracks on The Best of Nanci Griffith had previously never been released on any album [1]. The first of which Tumble And Fall was later released on The Complete MCA Studio Recordings. The second previously unreleased song The Road To Aberdeen was recorded live at The Royal Albert Hall London in June 1993.
 Foster Sylvers is the third album by Foster Sylvers from the R&B group The Sylvers. This is his second self-titled album. It was released in 1978 and produced by The Sylvers Al Ross and Bob Cullen.
 À Distance is the fifth album by Canadian singer Marie-Chantal Toupin. It was released on September 30 2008.
 Julian Cannonball Adderley and Strings is the second album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley to be released on the EmArcy label and features Adderley with and orchestra directed by Richard Hayman.
 Manhattan is the debut studio album from American rock band Skaters. It was released in February 2014 under Warner Bros. Records
 Boomania was the first and most popular album by Betty Boo. It was released in 1990 and was re-released as a remix album: Doin' the Do: The Best of Betty Boo in 1999. King John (a duo comprising Rex Brough and John Coxon) produced most of the songs. Coxon continued to collaborate with Betty Boo on her second album GRRR! It's Betty Boo.
 Chet Baker in Europe (subtitled A Jazz Tour of the NATO Countries) is an album by jazz trumpeter Chet Baker drawn from sessions recorded in Paris in 1955 for Barclay Records and released in the US on the Pacific Jazz label.
 Genesis 1983–1998 is a box set of four studio albums by Genesis. It was released on 1 October 2007 in Europe by EMI and on 20 November 2007 in North America by Atlantic/Rhino. The 5-CD/5-DVD box set includes newly remixed versions of the albums Genesis Invisible Touch We Can't Dance and ...Calling All Stations.... The fifth pair of discs includes B-side songs.
 Hammer of the North is the fifth full-length album by Swedish heavy metal band Grand Magus. The CD was recorded at 301 studios outside of Stockholm Sweden and features artwork by Necrolord. The album was released on June 23 2010 on the record label Roadrunner Records.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Biz Markie. It was released on May 7 2002 for Landspeed Records.
 You Stand Watching is the second studio album from American pop music singer Ryan Cabrera released in 2005. 2 singles were released from this album Shine On and Photo. This album is certified gold.
 Bird Without Wings is a 1997 album by Diary of Dreams.
 Duke with a Difference is an album by American jazz trumpeter Clark Terry featuring tracks recorded in 1957 for the Riverside label.
 Bull Takes Fighter is an EP released by the Christian rock band Stavesacre in 2004. It was limited to 1000 copies.
 Mia Kardia (One Heart) is an EP by Greek artist Katy Garbi. It was released in November 2002 by Sony Music Greece and went 2x Platinum selling over 50000 units.The EP features five tracks including a duet with Giorgos Tsalikis.
 Born A Lion is the debut album by Canadian rock band Danko Jones.Tara Maclean sings backing vocals on track Love is Unkind.
 A Pelo is a live studio album by Spanish rock band Platero y Tú. It was produced by Platero y Tú and published by DRO in 1996.
 Rock On is the second album by Raydio led by guitarist/songwriter/producer Ray Parker Jr.
 Crowd Scene is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1989 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 Akokan is the sixth studio album by Cuban jazz pianist Roberto Fonseca. It was released in 2009 by Enja Records. The album's name means From the Heart in the Yoruba language. Recorded in 2008 in the Egrem Studio in Havana it is a tribute to Rubén González and Ibrahim Ferrer. The album was well received by critics.
 From Fear to Eternity: The Best of 1990 – 2010 is a compilation album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden containing a selection of songs originally released on their last eight studio efforts to date. The title is lifted from the 1992 single From Here to Eternity although it is not featured in this release.
 Au Zénith is the second live album by singer Vanessa Paradis. Steve Nieve of Elvis Costello's The Attractions is featured on keyboard. This is her lowest-charting album. The album was recorded during her performances at Le Zénith during her Bliss Tour
 The Pursuit Begins When This Portrayal of Life Ends commonly referred to simply as The Pursuit is the second studio album by Canadian alternative rock band Evans Blue. It was released on July 24 2007 (see 2007 in music). The first single is The Pursuit and was released to radio on May 21 2007. The Pursuit was leaked onto the internet on May 23 2007.
 The Complete Yusef Lateef is an album by multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1967 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Forever is an album by English New Age musician Phil Sawyer working together with the Malcolm Sargent Festival Choir under the artistic name Beautiful World.
 Takin' It To The Streets is the third studio album released by British AOR/hard rock band FM. Takin' It To The Streets was released in 1991 on the Music For Nations record label.
 Rusty Tracks is the 1977 album by singer-songwriter Mickey Newbury released by Hickory Records. The record is noted for Newbury's stunning interpretations of four traditional songs Shenandoah That Lucky Old Sun Danny Boy and In The Pines.Rusty Tracks was collected for CD issue on the eight-disc Mickey Newbury Collection from Mountain Retreat Newbury's own label in the mid-1990s along with nine other Newbury albums from 1969-1981.
 Omniscience is a live album by the New York No Wave band Swans. It was recorded from shows on their 1992 world tour. It is out of print and has never been reissued. The front cover photograph is by Larry Lame with many Deryk Thomas paintings in the booklet.
 Einstein-Rosen Bridge is a 2003 release by Venetian Snares. It features Einstein-Rosen Bridge a track taken from The Chocolate Wheelchair Album along with two alternate versions of the track.
 The Rat Race Blues is an album by American saxophonist Gigi Gryce recorded in 1960 for the New Jazz label.
 Home of the Brave was the fourth album release by Laurie Anderson issued in 1986. Released by Warner Bros. Records it was a partial soundtrack album of her concert film of the same name.Three of the eight tracks on the album were recorded in the studio and thus differ considerably from the filmed versions.
 SO2 is an album released by Shinichi Osawa on June 30 2010 and is the second studio album under his real name.
 Troika: Russia’s westerly poetry in three orchestral song cycles is a 2011 album of contemporary classical songs performed by soprano Julia Kogan who also conceived the project. She is accompanied by The St. Petersburg Chamber Philharmonic conducted by Jeffery Meyer. The songs are set to Russian English and French language poetry by five classic Russian writers: Joseph Brodsky Mikhail Lermontov Vladimir Nabokov Aleksandr Pushkin and Fyodor Tyutchev.
 Hermit of Mink Hollow is Todd Rundgren's eighth solo album released in 1978. It was his first album to have no other musicians credited though large portions of earlier albums also had been recorded alone.The album is reminiscent of the artist's earlier more pop-oriented records and marks a lyrical return to the subject of relationships (as in the single Can We Still Be Friends) as well as his views on social inequality (as in the songs Bag Lady and Bread).
 Messed Up Kids is a song featured on English indie rock artist Jake Bugg's second studio album Shangri La. The song is also the title track to an upcoming EP from that album scheduled for release on 12 May 2014 with three additional tracks recorded during the sessions for Shangri La.
 Fold was the debut release by Australian rock band Epicure. It was issued on 7 August 2000.
 At the National Grid is an album released in 2005 by New Zealand band The Bats. It was their first album for ten years and the first to be released on a New Zealand label other than Flying Nun.
 Necroshine is the tenth full-length album released by the thrash metal band Overkill in early 1999 on CMC International records.It is the first Overkill album to feature a guest vocalist with singer Blitz's sister Mary Ellsworth performing background vocals on Let Us Prey and a duet with Blitz on Revelation. The title track is an almost permanent addition to Overkill's live set being played at almost every live performance since its release.
 Special Delivery is the second studio album by southern rock band 38 Special released in 1978. It is now out-of-print.
 True Colors: The Best of Sonic the Hedgehog Part 2 also known as Waking Up: The Best of Sonic the Hedgehog Part 2 is a compilation album of various songs from the Sonic the Hedgehog gaming franchise a sequel to True Blue: The Best of Sonic the Hedgehog. It was released by Wave Master Entertainment on December 16 2009.
 Billy Talent II is the second studio album by the Canadian band Billy Talent released on June 27 2006. The album debuted at #1 on the Canadian Albums Chart selling 48000 copies in its first week. The album also reached #1 on the German albums chart. The album was not as successful in the United States where it peaked at #134 on the Billboard 200 music chart selling just 7231 units in its first week.
 Foxbase Alpha is the first album by British band Saint Etienne released in 1991.The album was recorded in a style which is close to the house music sound of the time but songs like Nothing Can Stop Us and Wilson display the group's characteristic love of 1960s pop and several samples. Longer songs like Stoned to Say the Least and Like the Swallow are reminiscent of ambient house akin to The Orb.
 These Walls Can Talk is the ninth album released by rapper X-Raided. It was released on February 5 2002 and featured production from X-Raided and Mac Jesus (The Siccness).
 A Crescent Honeymoon is the first EP by San Francisco indie rock band Communiqué.
 Äntligen På Väg was the seventh album from Swedish singer/songwriter Ted Gärdestad issued on the Polar Music label in 1994 his first full-length release since 1981's Stormvarning. Äntligen På Väg which was produced by his longtime friend Janne Schaffer and Leif Larsson and included the comeback hits Ge En Sol Hon Är Kvinnan I Min Radio and Om Du Ville Ha Mig also came to be Ted's final album.
 The Battle For Rap Supremacy: KRS-One Vs. MC Shan is a collection of songs by rappers KRS-One and MC Shan. It was released on LP and CD via Cold Chillin' Records in 1996 but is made up of the classic diss records KRS-One/Boogie Down Productions and MC Shan/The Juice Crew took shots at each other with during the infamous Bridge Wars in the late '80s and what is often considered the most memoarable (as well as one of the first) hip-hop beefs that ever happened.
 Belafonte '89 is a live album by Harry Belafonte released in 1989. A truncated version of the album was released in the U.S. featuring only 10 out of 15 tracks. The international cd release was also truncated featuring 13 tracks. It was also released in Germany as Stationen in 1990 and 1993. The cd release of Stationen from 1990 contains all 15 tracks.
 Freak In is the 20th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the RCA Bluebird label in 2003 and features performances by Douglas Jamie Saft Marc Ribot Karsh Kale Joey Baron Romero Lubambo Brad Jones Ikue Mori Seamus Blake Chris Speed Craig Taborn Michael Sarin with Stephanie Stone contributing vocals on one track.
 It's Later Than It's Ever Been is the fourth album of Christian rock band Smalltown Poets. It was released in 2004.
 Freak*on*ica is a rock album by Girls Against Boys. It was released on June 2 1998 by Geffen Records. The album received moderate success in the US and has been their highest selling release to date.
 War & Peas is the second studio album of American surf band Whirled Peas released in the summer of 1994. The album was recorded in only three days at Snooty Fox recording studio in Austin Texas.
 Days of the New: Live Bootleg is a live album by acoustic rock/world music band Days of the New.
 U;Nee Code (sometimes referred to as Code) is the debut studio album by K-pop singer U;Nee. It was released on June 12 2003 on Synnara Music.
 Goin' Insane is the second album by rap group Totally Insane. It was released on October 11 1993 for In-a-Minute Records and featured production from The Enhancer Stingy TC Tony Jackson and Ken Lee. Goin' Insane gained only mild success and peaked at #87 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Sun Comes Up Again was the debut album by English indie rock band I Am Arrows released in August 2010. The album was produced at Eastcote Studios in London by Eliot James. On the 26th of July 2011 Andy Burrows confirmed to Official's after a gig in Liverpool's Prancing Pony (Brett Burke & Brian Peppers) the follow up album would be called This Goblin Mob.
 Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap is the third studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC released in 1976. All songs were written by Angus Young Malcolm Young and Bon Scott.It was originally released in Australia on Albert Productions on 20 September 1976. A modified international edition was later released on Atlantic Records on 17 December 1976.
 Rise to Power is the third album by Kane & Abel. It was released on September 21 1999 for Elektra Records and was produced by Kane & Abel. The album found some success peaking at #61 on the Billboard 200 and #11 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums but was not as successful as the group's previous album Am I My Brother's Keeper. As of 2004 Rise to Power sold 115000 copies.
 This Woman's Work: Anthology 1978–1990 is a compilation box set by the British singer Kate Bush. Released in 1990 on CD vinyl and cassette; it comprises her six studio albums to that point together with two additional albums of B-sides rarities and remixes. The box set was re-released on CD only in 1998 in different packaging.
 Romance Is Boring is the third studio album by indie pop band Los Campesinos!. It was recorded in multiple locations in the United States and Wales and was produced by John Goodmanson. It was released on 26 January 2010 in the United States and on 1 February in the United Kingdom. It features guest appearances from Jamie Stewart of Xiu Xiu Zac Pennington of Parenthetical Girls and Jherek Bischoff of The Dead Science.
 No Color is the fourth album released by indie folk band The Dodos.
 Inamorata is the 18th album by the country rock band Poco. Featuring guest spots by former members Timothy B. Schmitt Richie Furay and George Grantham (the only member missing from the classic years line up was Jim Messina) this would be the last album that the band would record for Atlantic Records. After this the original line up (Richie Furay Rusty Young Jim Messina Randy Meisner and George Grantham)would reform for the 1989 release Legacy.
 Afortunado is an album by Joan Sebastian released in December 2002 through the record label Musart. In 2004 the album earned Sebastian a Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album.
 Ten Years of Triakel is the name of the fourth album by the Swedish folk band Triakel. It was released in 2005 as a limited numbered edition on Triakel Records and features recordings from live Triakel performances between 1996 and 2005. The CD was not sold in stores.
 Soundwave 2009 is the second compilation album released to promote the Australian music festival Soundwave. The album was released on 15 December 2008 by Shock Records.
 Young New England which was released on April 2 2013 is the fourth studio album of the pop-punk/rock band Transit and it is the second release of theirs under Rise Records.
 YesYears is a 1991 video retrospective of the progressive rock group Yes covering the band's entire history from their 1969 debut album through their 1991 release Union.
 Three Way Mirror is singer-songwriter Livingston Taylor's fourth album released in 1978.Its ten tracks produced the song that was perhaps Taylor's biggest hit I Will Be In Love With You as well as Going Round One More Time later covered by Taylor's brother James on his album That's Why I'm Here.Taylor promoted the album by touring as the opening act for Linda Ronstadt during her Living in the USA national tour.
 Russian Roulette is a 1976 album by English rock/pop group The Hollies. This album is the band's second release in 1976 (the other album being Write On ). This album is notable for being one (not the first) to have been composed entirely by the group's songwriting team. This album was not issued in the U.S.
 Mike + The Mechanics is the debut album by Genesis bassist and guitarist Mike Rutherford's band Mike + The Mechanics in 1985. The album reached number 26 on the Billboard 200 album charts and had three hit singles.
 A Decade With Duke is a live music CD featuring Justin Vernon from Bon Iver in collaboration with the Eau Claire Memorial Jazz I Ensemble directed by Bruce Hering. Steve Thompson of National Public Radio's All Things Considered ranked the album as his sixth favorite of 2010.
 Parade is the fourth studio album by Spandau Ballet released on 25 May 1984 by Chrysalis Records. The album contained two UK Top 10 hits Only When You Leave (#3 also a minor US hit) and I'll Fly for You (#9).
 Pentavision has released DJMax soundtracks featuring songs from the games in a digital and physical retail format. This is a list of these albums.
 Shine is the seventeenth and final studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell and was released on September 25 2007 by Starbucks' Hear Music. It was the singer-songwriter's first album of new songs in nine years after 1998's Taming the Tiger.Joni Mitchell who had said she was retiring from music several years previously signed a two-album contract with Starbucks' Hear Music that began with the release of Shine.
 Ichor is The Black League's first full-length album released in 2000 by Spinefarm Records. A music video was made of the song Winter Winds Sing. The limited 2LP version of Ichor includes two bonus tracks: The Everlasting Pt. III and Pain Without A Name of which the former was later re-recorded for the Doomsday Sun EP.
 This Is Me Now is Amy Diamond's first studio album. It was released on May 18 2005 by Bonnier Amigo Music Group.
 Hello Motherfucker! EP is the first CD EP by the heavy stoner rock band Milligram released in 2000. It was re-released in 2001 with the companion CD Black & White Rainbow.
 Brett Anderson is the first solo release from Suede and The Tears frontman Brett Anderson.In May 2006 Anderson announced sketchy details for the album. He told NME that the title will be 'Brett Anderson' since ...that's my name you see.The album was recorded whilst Anderson was recording The Tears' debut album alongside Bernard Butler.Anderson has described the record as being ...quite orchestrated lots of string loops that sort of thing. I guess there's a Scott Walker feel to it.
 Kraken IV + V Live the National Rock is the name of a studio album compilation of the Colombian group Kraken It was released on April 2 2004 by Discos Fuentes.
 The Nite-Liters is the debut album by the Louisville Kentucky group The Nite-Liters the instrumental ensemble offshoot of New Birth. Released in 1970 on RCA Records. Produced by mentor Harvey Fuqua.
 The original soundtrack of the 1996 motion picture The Crow: City of Angels sequel to the 1994 film The Crow. The album includes a cover of the Fleetwood Mac song Gold Dust Woman by Hole as well as tracks by other heavyweight artists such as White Zombie Korn and Iggy Pop. Like the original Crow soundtrack a song by Joy Division (one of O'Barr's favorite bands) is covered In a Lonely Place by Bush.
 Time Is Money is the second studio album by rapper Styles P.The album suffered several pushbacks starting from spring 2005.It was originally scheduled to be released on November 14 2006 but was delayed for a month. It peaked at number 19 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart number ten on the Top Rap Albums chart and number 79 on the Billboard 200.Can You Believe It I'm Black and Favorite Drug were released as singles.
 Close Encounters of the Third Kind and Other Great Space Music is an LP record album from 1978 originally published under the Stereo Gold Award Recordings Label.
 Crocodile Love is the final studio album from Juluka a South African band led by Johnny Clegg and Sipho Mchunu. It was first released in 1997. It was entitled Ya Vuka Inkunzi - The Bull has Risen in South Africa.
 Love Shelby is the seventh studio album by American country artist Shelby Lynne. Released on November 13 2001 through Island Records the album serves as a follow-up to her critically acclaimed I Am Shelby Lynne which came out a year before in the US. Producer Glen Ballard mostly known for producing Alanis Morissette’s breakthrough album Jagged Little Pill as well as recordings by the Dave Matthews Band worked with Shelby on the album.
 The Men in My Life is a 1988 studio album by Lena Horne featuring Horne in duet with Joe Williams and Sammy Davis Jr..At the 31st Grammy Awards Horne was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Performance - Female for her performance on this album.
 Whites Off Earth Now!! is a 1986 album by Cowboy Junkies. It was the band's debut album and is composed almost entirely of rock and blues covers. Only one song Take Me is an original song by the band.It establishes the spare country blues sound that took the band to international fame with their next album 1988's The Trinity Session.
 Exile on Coldharbour Lane is the debut album by Alabama 3 released November 11 1997 on One Little Indian and Geffen. The name and cover are references to Exile on Main St. by The Rolling Stones and Coldharbour Lane a major street in Brixton South London best known for containing several after-hours clubs and not a few drug dealers. Recording sessions took place from March to June 1997. Upon its release the album received favorable reviews including an 8.9 review from Pitchfork Media.
 Good Ikuze! (Goodいくぜ！ Good Let's Go!) is the second album by Japanese boy band Kis-My-Ft2. It was released on March 27 2013 in Japan under the record label Avex Trax.
 Part of the Game is the fifth album by the California soft rock group Pablo Cruise. The album marked a decline in the band's popularity as it managed only to reach #39 in the United States. One single was released from the album: I Want You Tonight reaching #19 in the United States. The band called the album a transition into a blend of disco to take advantage of the extreme popularity of that type of music at the time.
 Whirld Tour 2010: Live in London is the third live album by the progressive rock supergroup Transatlantic. Released in 2010 it documents the May 21 2010 show by the band at Shepherd's Bush Empire London England. The show was also filmed and released on a 2-DVD set with additional performances (including a cover of the Genesis song The Return of the Giant Hogweed with Steve Hackett) and documentary footage.
 Starchild is the sixth album by Teena Marie released in 1984. Following the relative commercial failure of her previous album Robbery Starchild became the highest-selling album of Marie's career. It peaked at #9 on the US Black Albums chart and #31 on the Billboard Albums chart. Lead single Lovergirl became a major hit reaching #4 on the Billboard Hot 100 (Marie's only top 30 hit on that chart). The track My Dear Mr.
 Rodeo Massacre is the sixth album released by French post-rock band Ulan Bator.
 White Noise is a double live album by British musician Gary Numan and originally released in 1985. The album was reissued as a double CD in 1998 before a remastered version was released in 2003.The White Noise album was recorded on 11 December 1984 - the second-last show of Numan's Berserker Tour. It was released on 27 April 1985 and reached number 29 in the UK album chart outperforming the Berserker (1984) album. White Noise also enjoyed great success in Belgium where it went to number 2.
 Little blues is the first solo album recorded by the Brazilian singer and harmonica player Flávio Guimarães. The album counts with the participation of many famous blues artists from Brazil and abroad such as Paulo Moura Ed Motta Roberto Frejat and Sugar Blue. The songs in the disc also presents some influences of the jazz.
 Ride was the first album released by the band Jo Hikk. It was released by Landis Productions Ltd. in 2009. The album includes the hit singles Sweet City Woman and My Kind of Radio. Closer was previously recorded by Thrasher Shiver on its self-titled debut and It's Only Monday was previously a single for Brice Long in 2005.
 Love_Hero (Chinese: 愛&英雄) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Alien Huang's Mandarin solo debut studio album. It was released on 24 December 2009 by Rock Records and on 5 February 2010 a commemorate edition was released containing a bonus DVD version.The album debuted at number one on Taiwan's G-Music Weekly Combo and Mandarin Charts and number two on Five Music Chart.
 Suzuki Ami Around the World: Live House Tour 2005 was the live house tour held by Japanese pop singer Ami Suzuki that supported her debut studio album in Avex Around The World.
 Soubrette: Blossom Dearie Sings Broadway Hit Songs is a 1960 (see 1960 in music) studio album by Blossom Dearie with an orchestra arranged by Russell Garcia.This was Dearie's first album recorded with full orchestral arrangements.
 Fear of a Black Planet is the third studio album by American hip hop group Public Enemy released on March 20 1990 by Def Jam Recordings and Columbia Records. It was produced by the group's production team The Bomb Squad who sought to expand on the dense sample-layered sound of Public Enemy's previous album It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back (1988).
 Nude & Rude: The Best of Iggy Pop is a 1996 compilation album by Iggy Pop. It was followed by A Million in Prizes: The Anthology.
 Get Over It is the fifth studio album by the hard rock band Mr. Big.It is their first studio album to feature guitarist Richie Kotzen.
 Live at Club Mozambique is a live album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded at the Club Mozambique in Detroit on January 6th and 7th 1971 but not released on the Blue Note label until 2006.
 Elvis' Golden Records is the fifth album by Elvis Presley issued by RCA Victor LPM 1707 in March 1958 recorded mostly at Radio Recorders in Hollywood with one session at RCA Studios in New York on January 30 one at 20th Century Fox Stage One in Hollywood on August 24 and three at in January and April 1956 at RCA Studios in Nashville. It is a compilation of hit singles released in 1956 and 1957 and is widely believed to be the first greatest hits album in rock and roll history.
 Penny Sparkle is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock band Blonde Redhead released on September 13 2010 (2010-09-13) in the U.K. and September 14 2010 (2010-09-14) in the U.S. The album was recorded in New York and Stockholm Sweden.
 The Sons of Odin is a 2006 EP by the American heavy metal band Manowar.
 Gedida (new in Arabic) is the third album by Belgian singer Natacha Atlas. It was released by Mantra Records on March 9 1999. In the Middle East the album was released under the title Guzouri with an alternate track listing.
 Honey from the Tombs is the debut solo album by Canadian singer Amy Millan from the bands Stars and Broken Social Scene. It was released on May 30 2006 on the Arts & Crafts record label.
 El Legado is a 1998 album by Graciela Naranjo and Rafa Galindo.
 Mods Carve the Pig: Assassins Toads and God's Flesh was the second album from Kalamazoo-based progressive metal band Thought Industry. It was released in 1993 on Metal Blade Records and featured cover art from the Apotheosis of Homer by Spanish surrealist Salvador Dalí. Mods is the final Thought Industry release to include co-founder Dustin Donaldson.
 L.O.R.D. is the upcoming debut studio album by American hip hop collective ASAP Mob. It is set to be released during 2014 by ASAP Worldwide Polo Grounds and RCA Records. It will feature contributions from the majority of the group including members ASAP Rocky ASAP Ferg ASAP Nast ASAP Twelvy ASAP Ant and production from ASAP Ty Beats. The album was supported by the singles Trillmatic by ASAP Nast featuring Method Man and Xscape by ASAP Twelvy.
 Mimpi (dream) is a compilation album by Indonesian singer Anggun features 2 hit singles Mimpi and Bayang Bayang Ilusi. The album was released in 1989 under label Atlantic Records Indonesia. The song Mimpi eventually got placed at number 47 on Rolling Stone Indonesia's 150 Greatest Indonesian Songs of All Time list.
 Marco is the fourth studio album by Dutch artist Marco Borsato. It was released on 17 September 1994 through Polydor Records.
 True Reflections is a rock album by violinist Boyd Tinsley of the Dave Matthews Band released in June 2003. Tinsley was the first member of the group to release a solo album. Despite that Tinsley is a violinist his album makes little use of the instrument instead focusing on his voice. The album was not well received by critics who largely ignored it and sales were modest.
 Woody's Roundup: A Rootin' Tootin' Collection of Woody's Favorite Songs (or simply Woody's Roundup) is a studio recording released by the Western band Riders in the Sky on August 29 2000.
 Shane Minor is the self-titled debut album by country music artist Shane Minor. It contains the singles Slave to the Habit Ordinary Love and I Think You're Beautiful all of which entered the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts between 1999 and 2000. It is also Minor's only studio album.
 Enson (stylized as ENSON) is an album by Japanese J-pop and anison artist Masaaki Endoh of JAM Project. In this album and its follow up Enson2 (stylized as ENSON2) Endoh covers theme songs from multiple anime tokusatsu and video games. During its 3 weeks on the Oricon Weekly Album Charts the first album peaked at #43 selling 6383 copies. The second album remained on the charts for 6 weeks and peaked at #50.
 Redbone Live is a live album by American band Redbone. Recorded live on tour 1977 opening for War Average White band and Tower of Power.
 Hog Wild is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams Jr. This album was released on January 24 1995 on the Curb Records label.
 Au bout de la route is the first studio album recorded by French singer and songwriter Atlan. It was released on 2006 and achieved great success.[citation needed]
 Aum is the second album of composer Deuter released in 1972 through Kuckuck Schallplatten.
 Sick Society is the sixth studio album of the American heavy metal band Chastain released in 1995 through Leviathan Records. It is the first album after five years released by David T. Chastain under the name Chastain and the first to feature the singer Kate French who replaced Leather Leone.
 Scratch Acid is the self-titled debut by the Austin Texas noise rock band Scratch Acid.
 Surprise is a compilation in 2001 by S.E.S.. This is also considered their 4.5 album (and first special album). It sold approximately 350000 copies. The album is composed of Korean covers of the group's Japanese songs. The only single was 꿈을 모아서 (Just In Love) originally Yume wo Kasanete. A bonus track Fate World was also included. It is the Korean cover of 'Meguriau Sekai'.
 Released in 1999 by Chrysalis Records Sanctuary Medicines is the debut album of Scottish industrial rock artist Rico and the precursor to his independently-released Violent Silences album.
 The Ballad of the Red Shoes is a collaborative project between Andrew Bird and his mother Beth Bird who is a printmaker. In its original printing in 2001 the artwork consisted of an accordion folded set of prints illustrating a story tucked inside a sturdy printed / handpainted chipboard folder. The new package is slightly less deluxe the artwork is now in a booklet instead of an accordion fold – otherwise all of the images remain the same.
 City Boy is the debut album from the English rock band City Boy.
 Paradise is the eighth studio album by saxophonist Kenny G. It was released by Arista Records in 2002 and reached number 2 on the Contemporary Jazz Albums chart number 9 on the Billboard 200 and Internet Albums charts and number 15 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.Charts & Awards at Allmusic
 2b S.Pacific is the debut album released in 1998 by New Zealand hip-hop artist Che Fu.
 Bitter Funeral Beer is an album by Swedish ethnomusicologist drummer and composer Bengt Berger recorded in 1981 and released on the ECM label.
 Skaboy JFK: The Skankin' Hits of the Cherry Poppin' Daddies is the second compilation album and seventh album overall by American ska-swing band the Cherry Poppin' Daddies released in September 2009 on Rock Ridge Music.In a similar vein to the Daddies' 1997 swing compilation Zoot Suit Riot Skaboy JFK is a collection of the band's ska material compiling all of the ska and ska punk tracks from their first five studio albums along with four newly recorded bonus tracks.
 22nd Century Lifestyle is the debut album by American nu metal band pre)Thing. It was released on April 6 2004 by V2 Records. This is the only pre)Thing album due to the death of the band's lead singer and guitarist Rust Epique.The album's only single Faded Love managed to chart at No .38 on the US Mainstream Rock Tracks. Can't Stop (22nd Century Lifestyle) was also featured prominently in the video games: WWE Day of Reckoning WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW and WWE WrestleMania 21.
 Drums and Guns is the eighth full-length album by indie rock band Low. It is the second album they recorded with producer Dave Fridmann (The Great Destroyer). The album was partially inspired by the war in Iraq. It was released on March 20 2007 on Sub Pop records.
 Dinosaur Swamps (1970) is the second album by The Flock.
 Obliteration Pie is an album by Robyn Hitchcock released in Japan in 2005.Not released in the UK or America the set nonetheless contains six otherwise unavailable titles and re-makes of several tracks from Hitchcock's catalogue such as Madonna Of The Wasps and My Wife And My Dead Wife the latter song introduced with one of his live spoken monologues.The album includes a cover of the Lipps Inc.
 Live at the Bull – Tribute Vols. 1–2 is a 2-CD tribute album released in 2007 featuring tenor saxophonists Dick Morrissey and Spike Robinson accompanied by Bill Le Sage Bill Eyden Alec Dankworth John Pearce and Simon Morton. It was recorded live at The Bull's Head Barnes London in 1987 and 1988.
 Unlearn is an album released in 2000 by the Youngblood Brass Band.
 Challenge for a Civilized Society is the seventh studio album by the American post-hardcore band Unwound released on January 13 1998 by Kill Rock Stars. It was produced by Steve Fisk and recorded from August 1 1997 to August 15 1997 at John and Stu's in Seattle Washington. The album received positive reviews from critics.
 'Let Me Tell Ya 'Bout Root Beer is the first professionally recorded release by alternative rock band Incubus. The EP was released in 1995 and contained two songs New Skin and Azwethinkweiz which later appeared on S.C.I.E.N.C.E. and Enjoy Incubus respectively.
 Nue Au Soleil (Completement) is a compilation of songs by Manchester post-punk band Ludus released on Interior Music in 1987. The compilation was originally due for release in 1986 on Crepuscule. Original title was Let Me Go Where My Pictures Go. Morrissey a huge fan of the band wrote the sleevenote in October 1985 which because of album's cancellation was never used. Sleeve features the original artwork as designed by Benoit Hennebert in 1986 for the Crepuscule edition.
 Untouchable Sound is the sixth posthumous album by The Make-Up. It is their second live album (although live sounds were added to the studio recordings of Destination: Love - Live! At Cold Rice). On this album only Alex Minoff joined The Make-Up on guitar. Track #11 Wade in the Water is a cover of a traditional African-American spiritual song of the same name.
 Little Voice is the debut major-label album by American singer-songwriter Sara Bareilles which was released on July 17 2007 on the Epic Records label. Six of the tracks are re-recorded studio versions of songs from her previous album Careful Confessions. A two-disc special edition of Little Voice with live acoustic tracks was released on March 18 2008.
 Da da eu ştiu! (Oh Yes I Know!) is the third EP by Romanian hard rock group Iris released in June 2002. It contains the first single from the album Mătase albă (White Silk).
 Brant Bjork and the Operators is the second solo album by desert rocker Brant Bjork. Although titled Brant Bjork and the Operators Bjork sings and plays most instruments on the album. He is joined by friends Mathias Schneeberger and Mario Lalli to lend guitar and vocals. This was Duna Records first release.This album was re-issued on vinyl in 2008 as a double LP.
 Los Lonely Boys is the eponymous debut album by the American rock trio Los Lonely Boys released originally by Or Music and re-released in 2004 by Epic Records. It features their breakthrough single Heaven a number one hit on the Billboard Adult Contemporary charts. The album was certified 2× Platinum by the RIAA on February 22 2005.The song Heaven appears on the music game Karaoke Revolution Presents: American Idol and is also playable in Guitar Hero On Tour.
 Way of the Blade is the first full length released by the band The Ottoman Empire (later known as Luna Mortis). It was released on October 17 2006.
 Other Animals is the first album by the band Erase Errata released in 2001.
 Lux Mundi is the ninth studio album from the heavy metal band Samael.
 In God We Trust is the fourth release and third full-length album by Christian metal band Stryper released in 1988 (see 1988 in music). After the hard-rocking To Hell with the Devil Stryper decided to follow up with an album that was more pop-leaning and radio-friendly and as a result many critics and fans considered the album overproduced and too commercial. Despite the lukewarm reception In God We Trust nevertheless achieved Gold record status selling over half a million copies.
 Heart and Crime is an album by Julie Doiron released in 2002.
 Stones is the seventh studio album by Neil Diamond recorded and released in 1971. It was one of the biggest hit recordings of his career. The conductors and arrangers were Lee Holdridge Marty Paich and Larry Muhoberac.Early copies of the LP album featured a picture label and a unique version of the cover with a button-string style closure on the back. The cover itself was styled as an envelope that opened from the top. This was later abandoned and replaced with a standard side-opening sleeve.
 Come In and Burn is the eighth release and the fifth full-length studio album by Rollins Band released in 1997 (see 1997 in music). It is also the last album before lead singer Henry Rollins dissolved the band's classic lineup and later formed a new version of Rollins Band with musicians from Mother Superior who provided his backing band from 1998 until 2006 when the classic Rollins Band lineup reunited.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album from Canadian singer and guitarist Kim Mitchell. The album was released in 1995.
 Grimms' Rockin' Duck combines pop music and poetry recorded at Island Studios London England.
 Love's Gentle Maw is the second album recorded by alternative rock band Tanks of Zen but the only one thus far to be properly released. The album has been made available through CDBaby.
 Come Alive is Daniel Ash's first solo live album and was recorded in early 2002 at The Galaxy Theater in Santa Ana California and Slim's in San Francisco California. The setlist features songs from Ash's time with Love and Rockets Tones on Tail and Bauhaus as well as his solo career.
 metanoia is Yōsei Teikoku's second major debut album released on November 7 2007. It peaked at #49 on the Oricon album ranking charts. It features all new material.
 Best. Concert. Ever. is a live concert CD/DVD by internet musician Jonathan Coulton. It was recorded live on February 22 2008 at the Great American Music Hall in San Francisco California.The DVD features: Paul and Storm Kristen Shirts on ukulele Jonathan Coulton on guitar and zendrum.
 At Ease with Coleman Hawkins is an album by saxophonist Coleman Hawkins which was recorded in 1960 and released on the Moodsville label.
 Paradise Theater is the tenth album by the rock band Styx released in January 1981 (see 1981 in music).A concept album the album is a fictional account of Chicago's Paradise Theatre from its opening to closing (and eventual abandonment) used as a metaphor for America's changing times from the late 1970s into the 1980s.
 Chew Your Heart is the debut album from Canadian indie rock band Moufette. The album was released in 2005 on High Tigh Records. The album was rereleased as a digital download in October 2007.
 The Swinging Guitar of Tal Farlow is an album by American jazz guitarist Tal Farlow released in 1957.
 Groovy Laidback and Nasty is the ninth full-length studio album by electronic band Cabaret Voltaire released in 1990 by Parlophone. This album marks the apex of the band's evolution into acid house music.
 Terrorist is the 2nd album by Norwegian black metal artist Nattefrost.
 Bug Sessions is a collection of three EPs by indie rock band Saves the Day. The EPs consist primarily of acoustic renditions of the band's songs.
 Epilogue is an EP recording by the Blake Babies released in 2002 (see 2002 in music). This is the final release from the band before their break up.
 The soundtrack to Frank Zappa's film 200 Motels was released by United Artists Records in 1971 and features a combination of rock and jazz songs orchestral music and comedic spoken dialogue.
 The Smothers Brothers at the Purple Onion released May 1 1961 on Mercury Records was the first album released by the Smothers Brothers and established their reputation as folk music satirists. The Purple Onion is a celebrated comedy and music club in the North Beach area of San Francisco that launched the careers of the Kingston Trio and Phyllis Diller in addition to the Smothers Brothers.
 Not Enough Shouting is a live album by Scottish Celtic rock band Wolfstone. It was recorded after the success of their comeback album Seven. The album was their first album on their own label Once Bitten Records.
 Spirit of Nuff...Nuff is an album by Henry Threadgill released on the Black Saint label in 1991 produced by Flavio and Giovanni Bonandrini. The album and features seven of Threadgill's compositions performed by Threadgill's Very Very Circus with Curtis Fowlkes Brandon Ross Masujaa Marcus Rojas Edwin Rodriguez and Gene Lake.
 Croweology is an acoustic-based album by rock band The Black Crowes released on August 3 2010.
 For the 1970s band see Stories (band)The Stories is a boxset of three EPs by death/doom metal band My Dying Bride. The boxset was released as the EPs had become quite rare around the world. The Stories had a high amount of sales and ended up selling all 3000 copies causing it to be equally as rare as the individual EPs themselves. This is what prompted the release of the Trinity which features the tracks from the three EPs on one CD barring Transcending (Into The Exquisite).
 My Machine is Princess Superstar's fifth LP. It is produced by herself as well as well-known producers such as house music pioneer Todd Terry DJ Mighty Mi from the High and Mighty Jacques Lu Cont Junior Sanchez and pioneering hip hop/electro producer Arthur Baker.Other producers include Armand van Helden Loose Cannons & Jon Plateau Selvig Malito Maleet Alexander Technique Mr. Nô Boris Dlugosch Bryan Black Johnny Toobad Eddie Cooper Motor and Chris Rubix.
 The Best of the Meters (Real New Orleans Funk) is an album from funk group The Meters.
 Every Nerve Alive is the second album by the Japanese thrash metal band Ritual Carnage. It was released in 1999 by Osmose Productions.
 Suego Faults is the debut studio album by British band Wolf Gang. The album was released on July 25 2011 in the United Kingdom and as a digital album on December 20 2011 in the United States. The album included the singles Lions in Cages The King and All of His Men and Dancing with the Devil.
 Injected is the second album by the underground trip-hop/rap rock band Phunk Junkeez released in 1995 on Trauma Records/Interscope Records.
 The Killing Fields is the 10th record album by Mike Oldfield released in 1984. It was the soundtrack album for the British drama film of the same name based on the experiences of two journalists in the Khmer Rouge regime in Cambodia. It is the only full score written by Oldfield and the music was orchestrated by David Bedford.
 Emergency & I is a 1999 album by Washington D.C. indie band The Dismemberment Plan issued on DeSoto Records. It was produced by J. Robbins and Chad Clark. Reviews for the album were generally very favorable.On January 11 2011 Barsuk Records reissued the vinyl edition of Emergency & I which includes an oral history of the band conducted by The A.V. Club's Josh Modell.
 Blue Mesa is the an album by American fiddle and mandolin player Peter Ostroushko released in 1989.
 Ekaveli is the third studio album by German-Turkish rapper Eko Fresh. Influenced by the westcoast rap legend 2Pac whose alternate stage name was Makaveli.
 Early Recordings from Kansas 1971–1973 is a collection of recordings made by the second edition of Kansas (Proto-Kaw) released in 2002 on Cuneiform Records. The songs contain numerous nods to the then-burgeoning scene of experimental progressive rock often echoing the early work of luminaries King Crimson. The tracks Belexes and Incomudro were later recorded for the Kansas albums Kansas and Song for America respectively.
 The Triumph of Hope Over Experience is an album by Robb Johnson released in 2002.
 Life Goes On is the eighth studio album by The Adicts. It was released by People Like You Records on November 16 2009.
 Monorails and Satellites volumes 1+2 are two albums of solo piano compositions by the American Jazz musician Sun Ra. Recorded in 1966 Volume 1 was released in 1968 and Volume 2 in 1969 both on Sun Ra's own Saturn label. The first volume was reissued on compact disc by Evidence in 1992 whilst the second record has yet to be reissued.
 Soulstar is Musiq Soulchild's third album released in 2003. In debuted on the Billboard charts on 27 December 2003. On the Billboard 200 it peaked at #13 spending 23 weeks on the chart and exiting on 29 May 2004; on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop albums chart it spent 37 weeks falling off on 9 September 2004. This would be his final album for the Def Jam label before moving over to Atlantic Records for his next album Luvanmusiq.The vinyl release of Soulstar has a different tracklisting from the CD.
 The Lure of the Grand Canyon is the eleventh album by country singer Johnny Cash. It was released in 1961 (see 1961 in music) by Columbia Records and Cash's contribution was only that of spoken narration. The album consists primarily of a recording of Ferde Grofé's Grand Canyon Suite conducted by Andre Kostelanetz and includes authentic sounds recorded in the Grand Canyon itself.
 Under Waves of the Brown Coat is Portugal. The Man's first EP. It was released in 2005. Portions of the guitar work on Airballoons can be heard on It's Complicated Being a Wizard released two years later.
 Freedom Cry is reggae artist Sizzla's fourth studio album released November 11 1998 on VP Records as Freedom Cry in the United States and as Kalonji in Europe. It features mainly conscious reggae songs all written by Sizzla himself.
 Beauty Dies is the third EP by The Raveonettes and was released October 21 2008. It is a second release in a three-part release of digital download EPs over three months.
 All They Ever Wanted is the second album released by the Swedish rock group Johnossi. It includes the singles Party With My Pain 18 Karat Gold and Bobby.
 Black Symphony is a live album DVD and Blu-ray Disc from Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation. It was released worldwide on September 22–24 2008 and is available on 2-disc DVD 2-disc CD and Blu-ray.
 Beyond the Brightness is the second full-length recording by Swedish band The Grand Opening. Originally released on Hamburg label Tapete Records.
 The Visitor is the third studio album by the British progressive band Arena released in 1998. It is a concept album.
 Rolo Tomassi / Cutting Pink With Knives Split is a split cassette tape by Rolo Tomassi and Cutting Pink With Knives and was released through Yehonala. There were only 100 of these tapes made. The tape itself features 4 songs on side A by Rolo Tomassi and 9 songs on side B by Cutting Pink With Knives.
 Dove si vola is the first studio Extended Play by Italian singer Marco Mengoni. The album peaked at number 9 in the Italian Albums Chart and sold more than 70000 copies in Italy receiving Platinum certification from the Federation of the Italian Music Industry.
 The Whole World's Rotten is the third and final studio album by rap group DFC.It was released on November 25 1997 through Penalty Recordings and featured production from the likes of Jazze Pha MC Breed and MC Eiht. The Whole World's Rotten did not match the success of their previous effort only making it to 92 on the Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Reporter is the third album by New Zealand band Goldenhorse released in 2007 under Siren Records.
 Travel in Herds is the second studio album by the band: Hymns. It was released by Blackland Records on March 11 2008. Since the release of this album Hymns have been recognized by Spin Magazine as one of the bands to watch out for in 2008.
 Rascal Flatts is the self-titled debut album of American country music group Rascal Flatts released on June 6 2000 on Lyric Street Records. It sold 2303000 in the United States up to May 2009 and has been certified 2× Platinum by the RIAA.The album produced four singles on the Billboard country charts in Prayin' for Daylight This Everyday Love While You Loved Me and I'm Movin' On all of which charted in the Top Ten on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.
 Abbey Road Sessions is a live solo album by Mike Peters.Peter's backing band was The Poets of Justice for this album.The songs were recorded at Abbey Road studio two as an unofficial demo session for Peter's first solo album Breathe.Peter's explains:It was released on compact disc only.
 Steppin' Out is a 1976 album containing the works of Neil Sedaka. In America it was the third and final album of a trilogy of albums issued by The Rocket Record Company. (Rocket would issue a compilation album Neil Sedaka's Greatest Hits in 1977; but this does not count since it contained no new material). Outside of America Steppin' Out was issued on the Polydor label. In 1998 Varese Serabande reissued Steppin' Out and included four bonus tracks.
 Fly Black Hearts is the 5th studio album of the band Chicosci released by MCA Music in the Philippines.
 We Deserve Much Worse is the third and most recent studio release by brutal death metal band Deathbound. This album saw the group drop some of the death metal elements of their sound in favour of more grindcore elements giving it a more grindcore sound. It was released in 2007.
 V-u-den Single Best 9 Vol.1 Omaketsuki v-u-den Single Best 9 Vol.1 with Anextra is a compilation album by v-u-den released on November 21 2007. The album features every single released during v-u-den's short career plus one new song called Fantasy.
 Dream Again is an album by guitarist Phil Keaggy released in 2006. His first new studio vocal album since the 2000 release of Lights of Madrid Keaggy described it as a “relationship album.” It contains songs dedicated to his older sisters (“Kathy’s Song” and “How Can I Thank You”) his wife Bernadette (“It’s You and Me”) and his daughter Olivia (“There With You”) as well as other personal references.
 Player is the eponymous debut album from Los Angeles California-based rock band Player.
 I Remember Blind Joe Death is an album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey released in 1987. This album was later disregarded by Fahey stating the album suffers from sloppy playing due to the Epstein-Barr virus he was suffering from at the time.[citation needed]
 The Bootleg Series Vol. 6: Bob Dylan Live 1964 Concert at Philharmonic Hall is a complete recording of Bob Dylan's October 31 1964 Halloween show at New York's Philharmonic Hall. It was released in 2004.The set list was dominated by Dylan’s protest songs including The Times They Are a-Changin’ A Hard Rain’s a-Gonna Fall and The Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll.
 Dub Side of the Moon is a dub reggae tribute to the Pink Floyd album The Dark Side of the Moon co-produced by Easy Star All-Stars founder's Michael G (Michael Goldwasser) and Ticklah (Victor Axelrod). Dub Side of the Moon has remained on the Billboard Reggae Charts since its release in 2003. Included with the liner notes are instructions on how to synchronize the album with the 1939 film The Wizard of Oz and produce a variation of the perceived Dark Side of the Rainbow effect.
 Out of My Hands is the seventh studio album by American singer Jennifer Rush.Released in early 1995 the album was led by single Tears in the Rain - a song originally recorded by Robin Beck. Tears in the Rain became Rush's biggest single of the decade charting highly in many European countries particularly in Germany. The album also improved on her previous one by reaching No.15 there during a four-month chart run.
 Jack Kerouac Reads On the Road is a compilation album by American novelist and poet Jack Kerouac. The centrepiece of the record is a 28-minute recitation by Kerouac from his book On the Road that was recorded on an acetate disc in the 1950s but thought lost for decades and had only recently been rediscovered at the time of release.
 Bon Appetit is the third full-length album released by D.I.T.C. rapper O.C.; released in 2001. As on previous efforts Buckwild handles the bulk of the production; he was responsible for 12 out of 15 songs on the album. The other contributions come from Lord Finesse (who also produced on both of the two previous albums) and Ahmed who OC previously worked together with on the self-titled D.I.T.C. album released in 2000.
 New Wild Everywhere is the fifth studio album by Canadian folk rock band Great Lake Swimmers released April 3 2012 on Nettwerk.The album was recorded at Toronto's Revolution Recording studio the first time the band has recorded in a traditional studio. A preview track Easy Come Easy Go was released in January 2012 and was the number-one song on the CBC Radio 3 R3-30 singles chart for the week ending on February 25.
 Blackie and the Rodeo King was the third album released by Canadian singer-songwriter Willie P. Bennett and was released as an LP album by Posterity-Woodshed Records in 1979 (PWS-013). Blackie and the Rodeo King would be the inspiration for the name of the band Blackie & The Rodeo Kings something of a Canadian folk/roots supergroup whose first album was a collection of new covers of Willie P. Bennett songs.
 Seven Veils (1998) is an album by the U.S. ambient musician Robert Rich. It is inspired by Arab culture and music. This album has a heightened emphasis on rhythms from guitar and percussion. All pieces except track 3 were composed in just intonation. Guests include David Torn on guitar and Hans Christian on cello. Ranked by Allmusic as one of Rich's best albums it was praised as This Muslim psychedelia is a must for every shrinking world audiophile.
 This Should Move Ya is the fourth album by old school hip hop/electro funk group Mantronix and the second Mantronix album released on Capitol Records. This Should Move Ya featured new members Bryce Luvah Wilson and Kurtis Mantronik’s cousin D.J. D who joined founding member Mantronik following the departure of rapper MC Tee.The album featured the high-profile single Got to Have Your Love which reached #4 on the British Hit Singles chart in 1990.
 Golden Favorites is an album from Caterina Valente. Released in the United States.This album includes her big hits Malagueña and The Breeze and I.
 The Ladybug Transistor is the eponymous fifth album from Brooklyn New York indie pop band The Ladybug Transistor. It was released on October 7 2003.
 Freak of Nature is the second studio album by American recording artist Anastacia released on November 23 2001 by Epic Records. The album was primarily produced by Ric Wake Sam Watters and Louis Biancaniello with additional production from Richie Jones. The album debuted and peaked at number twenty-seven on the US Billboard 200 while reaching number four in the United Kingdom and number one in Belgium Denmark Germany the Netherlands Norway Sweden and Switzerland.
 Old Crest on a New Wave is the ninth studio album by the English musician singer songwriter and guitarist Dave Mason. The album includes a duet with Michael Jackson Save Me which peaked at #71 on the Billboard Hot 100 and at #70 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.
 The Peel Sessions is the fourth album by British electronica group Fluke first released in 1994. The album is a compilation of performances recorded live at the BBC for John Peel's radio show. It includes early versions of several tracks from Six Wheels on My Wagon and The Techno Rose of Blighty along with a previously unreleased track Time Keeper.
 Honky Tonk Attitude is the third studio album by American country music artist Joe Diffie. Released in 1993 it features the singles Honky Tonk Attitude Prop Me Up Beside the Jukebox (If I Die) John Deere Green and In My Own Backyard which respectively reached #5 #3 #5 and #19 on the Hot Country Songs charts. The song If I Had Any Pride Left at All was later recorded by John Berry on his 1995 album Standing on the Edge from which it was released as a single.
 Fly Me Courageous is the fourth studio album by the Hard Rock/Southern Rock band Drivin' N' Cryin' released on January 8 1991 by Island Records. The album is the band's most commercially successful release in part due to the title track striking a patriotic chord with the United States during the start of the Persian Gulf War. In 1995 Fly Me Courageous was certified gold.
 Praise & Worship is an album by the American contemporary gospel music group Commissioned released on June 13 2006 on Verity/Legacy Records
 Rain Forests Oceans and Other Themes is an album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey released in 1985.
 Dynamic Duo is a 1977 vocal duet album by country music artists Loretta Lynn and Conway Twitty. This became the duo's seventh studio album as they were now becoming one of the most popular country duet vocal teams of the 1970s. It was recorded at Bradley's Barn Mt. Juliet Tennessee.
 Beatles for Sale is the fourth studio album by English rock band the Beatles released on 4 December 1964 and produced by George Martin for Parlophone. The album marked a minor turning point in the evolution of the Lennon–McCartney partnership John Lennon particularly now showing interest in composing songs of a more autobiographical nature.
 Love Explosion is Tina Turner's fourth solo album released in March 1979 on the EMI label in the UK Ariola Records in West Germany and United Artists in the United States. It was her second solo album to be released after she left husband Ike Turner and the Ike & Tina Turner Revue. The album features heavy influences of funk and disco.
 Under the Angels is the tenth studio album by the British singer-songwriter Judie Tzuke released in 1996. It was the first of Tzuke's albums to be published on her newly founded home record label Big Moon Records.
 8 Soothing Songs for Rut is the second studio album by the Norwegian rock band Motorpsycho then still tinged in hard rock and grunge metal. It was first released as vinyl-only-mini-album called Soothe but later re-released on CD with two additional tracks from the single 3 Songs For Rut. Both titles were merged into 8 Soothing Songs For Rut. The music is very raw and hard but also shows glimpses of Prog as in the nearly 10-minute long Lighthouse Girl.
 Ozzmosis is the seventh studio album by British heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne. Released on 24 October 1995 the album reached number 22 on the UK Albums Chart and number four on the American Billboard 200 albums chart. Ozzmosis was reissued on 25 June 2002 with the addition of the previously unreleased tracks Whole World's Fallin' Down and Aimee the latter of which was named after Osbourne's eldest daughter with current wife Sharon Osbourne.
 Aloha Moon is the debut album by Magic Wands released on April 24 2012 under exclusive worldwide license to Bright Antenna Records. The album is available as a Digital Download CD and on Vinyl.
 Roy Orbison's Many Moods also known as The Many Moods of Roy Orbison is an album recorded by Roy Orbison for MGM Records released in May 1969. It included two singles both of which were minor hits in England; Heartache which just missed the Top Forty stalling at #44 and Walk On which scraped into the same chart stopping at #39.
 HaMehona Shel HaGruv Hebrew: המכונה של הגרוב‎ The Groove Machine”) is the debut studio album by Israeli hip hop funk outfit Hadag Nachash (meaning the Snakefish). This album is arguably its most funk-oriented featuring more funk-esque musical backing than the more typical hip-hop style musical backing found on its later albums (the final two tracks on this album being the exception).
 As One is the sixteenth studio album by the funk band Kool and the Gang released in 1982. The album did not yield any #1 singles but the song Let's Go Dancin' (~4:00) did make the top ten peaking at #7 on the U.S. R&B chart and #6 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Blood/Candy is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band The Posies released on the 28 September 2010 on Rykodisc. It is the band's first new album release in five years following Every Kind of Light.The Posies say this is something totally different from what they've tried before. We subscribe to the 'evolve or perish' philosophy co-founder Jon Auer says in a statement.
 Summer in Kingston is the tenth studio album released by Jamaican dancehall artist Shaggy.
 Neighbourhood is the second solo album released by session drummer Manu Katché. While his first offering It's About Time was considered a rock/funk album Neighbourhood is solid jazz. Katché composed all of the music on the album.
 4 o'Clock is an EP by Emilie Autumn and was released on January 18 2008 by Trisol Music Group GmbH. The song Organ Grinder was originally on the Saw III soundtrack.The first version was a limited edition digipak. A standard jewel case was released on February 29 2008.
 Rakkaus tulessa is the thirty-eighth album by Finnish experimental rock band Circle a collaboration with Finnish electronic music pioneer Erkki Kurenniemi. The album was released in July 2011 to coincide with Kurenniemi's seventieth birthday. The vinyl-only album marries together two recordings - vocals by Kurenniemi recorded in 1972 and Krautrock-style music by Circle from 1999.
 R3MIX is the first full-length original studio English language album by British pop singer Sara Jorge released on 5 March 2007.Shock To The System Jorge's first solo single was released on 21 March 2005 and reached number one in the UK dance and club charts. Dirty Business released on 5 September 2005 was the second single to be released from R3MIX. In early 2006 Jorge released her third single Beautiful World.
 Texas Thunder Soul 1968–1974 is a two-disc compilation album of recordings by the Kashmere Stage Band released on Now-Again Records in 2006. The first disc contains studio recordings by the group including energetic cover versions of Theme from Shaft Super Bad Scorpio and Burning Spear. The second disc features unreleased live recordings and alternate takes and includes a 12-minute video documentary about the group Texas Jewels.
 Badmeaningood Vol.2 is a compilation of tracks chosen by alternative hip-hop artist Roots Manuva.
 The Sensitive Sound of Dionne Warwick is the fourth album by American singer singer Dionne Warwick released in 1965 on the Scepter label. It was produced by Burt Bacharach and Hal David.
 Reaching Out (1984) is Menudo's 14th album and the first one in English.It features Ricky Meléndez Charlie Massó Ray Reyes Roy Rosselló and new member Robi Rosa. Robi replaced Johnny Lozada after Johnny reached the group's age limit. The songs on this album are selections from their last four Spanish language albums translated into English with the exception of Like A Cannonball. This song was recorded for the soundtrack to the Burt Reynolds film Cannonball Run II.
 Gorilla Biscuits is the self-titled debut 7 of the hardcore band Gorilla Biscuits.
 Ice Cream Castle is a 1984 album by The Time. Similar to their previous two albums this album consists of six tracks in the funk-pop or ballad genre and it was produced and arranged by Prince as The Starr ★ Company.
 Open Day at the Hate Fest is an album-length internet-released compilation of music recorded by Curve since their reformation in 1996.Open Day at the Hate Fest was produced during a time that saw Curve embroiled in legal battles with Universal Records over the company's decision to shelve Gift the record Curve had recorded as the official follow-up to 1998's Come Clean.
 What Lies Beneath is the third album by the Finnish singer Tarja Turunen which was released on 1 September 2010 in Finland on 3 September in Germany Switzerland and Austria and on 14 September in Latin and North America. It is the first of Tarja's albums in which she is credited for composition on every track.In 2008 after the first leg of the Storm World Tour Turunen took time to compose new songs.
 Love & Life is the fourth studio album by American R&B singer Eric Benét which was released on September 9 2008.This album debuted at No. 11 on Billboard 200 and No. 2 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart with 40000 copies making his own highest peak position since A Day in the Life in 1999. It also received two 2009 Grammy Award nominations for Best R&B Album and for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance for You're the Only One.
 No Goodbyes is a 1977 collection by Hall & Oates. It is a Best of compilation of their first three Atlantic Records recordings. No Goodbyes was released after the duo changed labels to RCA Records and after Atlantic achieved a Top 10 hit with a re-release of She's Gone (included here). It contains three new songs: Love You Like a Brother It's Uncanny and I Want to Know You for a Long Time. The latter two of these were later released on The Atlantic Collection.
 Afortunadamente No Eres Tú is the second album by the Mexican singer Paty Cantú released in 2010.
 Uncover Me is the seventh album from Canadian singer-songwriter Jann Arden released in 2007. Counterfeit Heart is the only track written by Jann Arden (co-written with SHeDAISY's Kristyn Osborn). Three additional tracks from these sessions Moon River What the World Needs Now and End of the World are available from her Myspace site.
 Tourist is an EP release by the band Catatonia that was released in Japan to promote their upcoming album Way Beyond Blue. The first two tracks are from the main album but all of the other tracks (including the title track Tourist) are B-sides; studio and live tracks.The final track Cut You Inside a demo has not been released as a non-demo since that's if it exists at all.
 Witch is the eponymous debut album of Witch a stoner doom band founded by J Mascis of Dinosaur Jr. Soul of Fire was released as a single with a demo version of Rip Van Winkle as the b-side.
 Fotheringay 2 is the second album by the group formed by Sandy Denny after she left Fairport Convention in 1969. The band was short-lived and this album collects those remaining performances most of which were previously unreleased. Several came out in various samplers over the years while some were re-recorded for later Fairport albums.
 Getaway is the fourth album by rock band Reef released in 2000.
 Electronic Saviors Volume 3: Remission is the third Electronic Saviors cancer charity compilation compiled by Jim Semonik of Rein[Forced] a cancer survivor.
 Live 1976–1993 is a four-disc live album of music by Parliament-Funkadelic and George Clinton recorded between 1976 and 1993. Footage of the 1976 concert was released on the George Clinton: The Mothership Connection DVD in 1998. This material has been issued in different configurations in different markets. The track listing below is for the European version which is the most complete.
 1712 Overture and Other Musical Assaults is a classical music album released in 1989 by Telarc Records. The album contains works by P. D. Q. Bach the alter ego of Professor Peter Schickele (as well as tracks credited to Schickele himself). It is scored for really big orchestra and some not-quite so big ensembles plus unique on-location introductions spoken on the very historical spots where the actual history happened.
 Greasy Kid Stuff is the second Gym Class Heroes EP independently released in 2000. It is their last release until their first full length ...For the Kids.This Thing Called Life Oh My God Crab Apple Kids and Pig Latin were earlier versions of those that appeared on their debut album ...For the Kids. Swing Joint contains elements of Extra Extra from ...For the Kids. Also A Song for Noah was an earlier version of Noah also found on ...For the Kids.
 See You on the Other Side is the seventh studio album by Korn. It was released on December 6 2005 by Virgin Records. It is their first album without long-time guitarist Brian Head Welch and the last album with original drummer David Silveria. The album was first certified gold in the US on January 12 2006; a subsequent platinum record certification was awarded on March 16 2006.
 Virtues is the third full-length studio album by pop punk band Amber Pacific released on April 13 2010. This was the band's only album on Victory Records and their only without vocalist Matt Young who left the group in early 2008. Three Words is the lead single off the album released on March 23 2010.
 Pust Mirom Pravit Lyubov is the first release of the group Neposedi in 1997. The tracks on this album includes the vocals of the successful alumni; Yulia Volkova Elena Katina Sergey Lazarev and Vlad Topalov.
 Soundtrack Recordings from the Film Jimi Hendrix is the soundtrack to the 1973 documentary film Jimi Hendrix and the second live album by him. The double album was released by Reprise Records in July 1973. It contains the full-length live performances from the film and some clips from interviews (though not necessarily from the film). The album peaked at No.
 Just One Look is the title of the second EP by The Hollies. It was put out by Parlophone in mono with the catalogue number GEP 8911 and released in the UK in late June 1964. The EP entered the British charts on 27 June 1964 and peaked at #8 on the Record Retailer chart after ten weeks.All songs on this EP were previously released at the time. Side A consisted of the A and B-side to the band's Just One Look single released in February 1964.
 Birds of Prey is the fifth album by English duo Godley & Creme. It was recorded at Lymehouse Studios Leatherhead and engineered and re-mixed at Nigel Gray's Surrey Sound Studios. The album was released in 1983.
 Coupés bien net et bien carré (English: Cut very neat and very square) is the second album from the French singer-turned-actress Sandrine Kiberlain. It was released on 1 October 2007 by EMI.
 Perfectly Good Guitar was singer-songwriter John Hiatt's eleventh album released in 1993. It was his last studio album with A&M Records despite it being Hiatt's highest charting album ever in the US (#47) Canada (#34) and the UK (#67). The European edition of the album contains the bonus track I'll Never Get Over You.
 7 is the seventh studio album by German rapper Bushido. The album was already certified gold before its official release only through subscriptions. The album was released in a standard edition and a limited edition. The latter has a DVD that includes the music video for Alles Verloren among other features.A portion of the record has been played by an orchestra of 80 people in Bratislava.
 Le Concert de Caesaria is the first live album and DVD by singer Emma Shapplin. It is a recording of Shapplin's first concert in Israel a concert held in the ancient city of Caesaria in 1999. The album was written composed and produced by Jean-Patrick Capdevielle.
 You Be My Heart is a benefit album for 826 Valencia.
 Borderless is the debut album of Cameron Cartio a Swedish pop singer of Iranian origin. It was released in 2006. The album contains collaborations (in composition and arrangements) from Marcus Englof Alex Papaconstantinou Cheb Khaled E. Le Tennen (Ari Lehtonen) J. Gill B. Ates T. Hanna and Robin Rex.
 Race You to the Bottom is the debut studio album by American hard rock band New Medicine released through Photo Finish Records and Atlantic on September 27 2010.
 Darkest Day is the eighth studio album by the American death metal band Obituary. It was released on June 30 2009 through Candlelight Records. Darkest Day is the final Obituary album to feature longtime bassist Frank Watkins who played in the band since Cause of Death.
 Dear Friends: An Evening with the Foreign Exchange is the live album of duo The Foreign Exchange with supporting vocalists Jeanne Jolly and Sy Smith. The album was recorded in February 2011 at SoundPure Studios in Durham NC.
 How Great Is Our God is the 2005 album recorded live at Passion 05 a conference held yearly in January in Nashville TN.The album was released on May 1 2005. There is also a Worship Music Book Available. This CD has artists including Chris Tomlin Matt Redman Charlie Hall Shane & Shane Watermark and David Crowder Band.
 Outrageous is the third album by American singer-songwriter Kim Fowley released in 1968 through Imperial Records.
 Michael Nyman for Yohji Yamamoto is volume 2 of Yohji Yamamoto's series of albums The Show. The album features the solo violin work Yamamoto Perpetuo (a play on moto perpetuo) which Nyman has since adapted into the String Quartet No. 4 (originally appearing on the album The Suit and the Photograph) and the orchestral work Strong on Oaks Strong on the Causes of Oaks.
 Mina n° 0 is an album by Italian singer Mina released in 1999.Nine of the ten songs found in the albums were penned by Renato Zero who also sings with the Italian diva on the song Neri.The album cover and artwork are designed after the famous perfume Chanel No. 5.
 Hi-Fi Sci-Fi is the fifth album by alternative rock group Dramarama. Released in 1993 it was also their last studio album until everybody dies was released in 2005.
 Now That's What I Call Music! 66 or Now 66 was released on 2 April 2007 on Compact Disc and in digital download format. The album is the 66th edition of the original (UK) Now! series.Now 66 features seven songs which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: Grace Kelly Ruby Walk This Way Patience Smack That A Moment Like This and I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles).The Proclaimers song I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles) previously appeared on Now 13 in its original form.
 Parallax Error Beheads You is the third studio album by Ben Jacobs under his stage name of Max Tundra.The album was released on 20 October 2008 through Domino Records.Tundra worked on the album for six years.
 Initiation is an album by Australian musician Tommy Emmanuel released in 1995. All the songs apart from That's the Spirit were already released on the previous albums.
 Ich hasse Musik (German for I hate music) is an album by German heavy metal band Knorkator released in 2003.
 Labyrinth of Dreams released in 1992 is the debut album by Dutch power metal band Elegy. It reached number 42 on the album charts in Japan.
 The Temptations Christmas Card is a 1970 Christmas album by The Temptations for the Gordy (Motown) label. The group's first holiday release it features each Temptation leading on various popular Christmas standards and original Christmas songs.
 American Blues 'Is Here' is a studio album by the psychedelic blues-rock band American Blues. The album is sometimes referred to as simply American Blues or Is Here.
 On the Trail is the sixth album by saxophonist Jimmy Heath featuring performances recorded in 1964 originally released on the Riverside label.
 Forever Free is the eleventh studio album by heavy metal band Saxon released in 1992 (see 1992 in music).A UK version of the album features a cover of a biker Space Marine from the Warhammer 40000 tabletop wargame.
 Sweet XVI is an EP by American recording artist Mýa Harrison. Her second EP it marks Harrison's sixth independently-released project through her own label imprint Planet 9 via INgrooves and released on April 21 2014 worldwide via iTunes. The six track EP commemorates the release of her debut studio album Mýa and her 16th anniversary in the entertainment industry.
 Softly was an LP album featuring The Sandpipers released by A&M Records in August 1968. The album was the first Sandpipers album to be issued in stereo only and not in monaural form in the United States; the catalog numbers were SP-4147 in the US and AML-918 in the United Kingdom.The album reached #180 on the Billboard chart.
 Inside of Emptiness is the seventh studio album by John Frusciante released on October 26 2004 on Record Collection and is the fourth in a series of six releases issued from June 2004 to February 2005. The album features contributions from Josh Klinghoffer and Omar Rodríguez-López.Frusciante notes It's really powerful but in a gentle way. There's a soothing quality. It has hard things on it and even the soft things have a heaviness to them.
 Linus and Lucy: The Music of Vince Guaraldi is the tenth album of pianist George Winston released in 1996. It features covers of songs composed by jazz pianist Vince Guaraldi including some written for the Peanuts animations. It was reissued on Dancing Cat Records in 2008.
 Music for Cars is a five-track EP by English alternative rock band The 1975 released on 4 March 2013 through Dirty Hit. It is the third of four EPs released before the band's debut album The 1975.
 You Can't Stop Rock 'n' Roll is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Twisted Sister released on June 27 1983.The songs The Kids Are Back I Am (I'm Me) and the album's title track were released as singles. The album was certified as a Gold Album for USA for selling over 500000 items. “Metal-rules.com” put the album in their list of “The Top 100 Heavy Metal Albums”.
 Everything is Broken is the second professional recording by American alternative rock band The Age of Information and is the first release by the band under that name. After the band's unreleased debut More Than This the band adopted a more electric sound for this EP and its follow-up. The title of the EP is derived from a lyric in the chorus of the first track Knowledge.
 Joyous Encounters is the continuation of the group put together for the 2004 record I'm All For You (also by Joe Lovano). Featuring George Mraz Paul Motian and Hank Jones the album expands upon the concept of the last album exploring the warmth and harmony of several ballads from original songs by Lovano to songs written by Thelonious Monk Thad Jones and John Coltrane.
 The Night Without a Guide (ガイドのいない夜 Gaido no Inai Yoru) is the studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Yosui Inoue released in November 1992.The album comprises the newly arranged versions of the songs that Inoue himself had already recorded on his albums or singles except Just Fit which was written for Mis Cast album by Kenji Sawada in 1982. Inoue stated that over 20 songs were re-recorded during the sessions.
 The Wanted is a compilation extended play by British-Irish boy band The Wanted. It was released on 24 April 2012 as the band's debut release in Canada and United States via Mercury Records. The EP comprises material from The Wanted's two studio albums: The Wanted (2010) and Battleground (2011) as well as two new songs: Chasing the Sun and Satellite.
 The Flaming Lips and Heady Fwends is a studio album by the American rock band The Flaming Lips in collaboration with a variety of guests.Recorded throughout 2011 and 2012 the album was released as a limited edition on vinyl for Record Store Day on April 21 2012 and on CD and digitally on June 26 2012. Four songs from the album were previously released on collaborative EPs in 2011.
 Some Nice Things I’ve Missed is a 1974 album by the American singer Frank Sinatra.
 Rapid Response is an EP released by Ted Leo and the Pharmacists released in Fall of 2008. It was available exclusively on the internet primarily sold through iTunes. The EP contained four songs the first two tracks were written by Leo the second two were covers.A re-recorded version of Mourning In America would show up on the band's 2010 album The Brutalist Bricks.
 Honeycomb is the tenth studio album by American alternative rock musician Frank Black released in July 2005 on Back Porch Records. His first original solo work since 1996's The Cult of Ray Honeycomb was recorded in Nashville and features notable local session musicians such as Steve Cropper and ex-Presley guitarist Reggie Young.
 Harry is Harry Nilsson's third album released August 1969 on RCA.
 Black Secret Technology is the fourth album by house music and drum and bass pioneer A Guy Called Gerald released in February 1995 to widespread critical acclaim. It is regarded as one of the most important albums in the genre of drum and bass and is often compared to the classic Timeless by Goldie which was released six months later.
 Reel Big Fish Live! In Concert! is the name of Reel Big Fish's third DVD recorded at The Grove of Anaheim in California on January 4th 2009. The DVD became available for sale on July 21 2009.
 Black Sheets of Rain is the title of Bob Mould's second solo album after leaving Hüsker Dü. It featured the Modern Rock Top 10 hit It's Too Late. The album returned to electric guitars and features heavier arrangements than his largely acoustic solo debut Workbook.
 Oi Agapes Fevgoun Ta Tragoudia Menoun is the eleventh studio album by Mando. It was released in December 2003 and has gone Platinum in Greece. It is a double CD; on the first CD Mando sings old Greek successful songs and on the second CD she performs five new songs.
 See The Light is the second album by The Hours. It was released on 20 April 2009.The cover art work was designed by the renknowned YBA Damien Hirst and was amongst the top 50 designs for the Best Art Vinyl 2009 award.
 Avant is the self-titled fifth studio album from Avant.(December 9th was the release date for Private Room.) It was released on December 9 2008. Its first single When It Hurts reached #91 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #15 on the US R&B/Hip-Hop charts. The second single is Break Ya Back (In a Good Way). The album was also his first release on Capitol Records. The entire album leaked to the Internet on December 5 2008. The album sold 93929 copies to date.
 The Pink Print is the upcoming third studio album by Trinidadian-American recording artist Nicki Minaj tentatively scheduled to be released in 2014 by Young Money Entertainment Cash Money Records and Republic Records. Straying musically from her second studio album Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded (2012) which experimented with pop and dance musical styles she intended to incorporate elements of her traditional hip hop music in its follow-up.
 Borboletta is the sixth studio album by Santana. It is one of his jazz-funk-fusion oriented albums along with Caravanserai Welcome Love Devotion Surrender with John McLaughlin and Illuminations with Alice Coltrane Jack DeJohnette and Jules Broussard. The guitarist leaves a lot of room to percussion saxophone and keyboards to set moods (Spring Manifestations) as well as lengthy solos by himself (Promise of a Fisherman) and vocals (Give and Take a funky guitar-led song).
 Ministry of Sound Sessions One is a dance music compilation album and the first installment of the Australian Ministry of Sound sessions series which started back in 2004. There are a total of 41 tracks spread across two discs. The Discs were mixed by John Course & Mark Dynamix. Sessions One finished 2004 with the Number 2 position in the ARIA 2004 End Of Year Dance Albums Charts.
 Whisper House is the sixth studio album by American singer-songwriter Duncan Sheik. It was released on RCA Victor in 2009.
 Hit Kit is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Sam Cooke. Produced by Russ Titelman the album was released in 1959 on Keen Records.
 Cancer is an album by My Disco released on November 7 2006. The album marked a change in direction for the band further into math rock shifting towards minimalism a theme further explored and refined in the following album Paradise. The album was recorded in mid-2006.The album was released through Numerical Thief. It was also released on vinyl.Many of the song titles and lyrics relate to a general cancer diagnosis and treatment theme.
 Scratch is the soundtrack to the 2001 documentary Scratch directed by Doug Pray. Scratch examines cultural and historical perspectives on the birth and evolution of hip-hop disc jockeys (DJs) scratching and turntablism and includes interviews with some of hip-hop's most famous and respected DJs.
 Give Us a Wink is the fourth album by Sweet. It was the first album to be fully written and produced by the band members. Previously they had relied on cover songs or writers such as Nicky Chinn and Mike Chapman.
 The Song Ramones the Same is a tribute album done by various artists as a tribute to the Ramones. The title is a reference to the multiple works of Led Zeppelin entitled The Song Remains the Same. The album reached #15 on the Swedish albums chart while the single I Wanna Be Your Boyfriend peaked just outside the top 40.
 Faith is the debut album by American R&B singer Faith Evans released by Bad Boy Records on August 29 1995 in the United States. Featuring main production by The Hitmen members Sean Puff Daddy Combs and Chucky Thompson as well as Mark Ledford Herb Middleton and Jean-Claude Olivier among others.The album which spawned the gold-certified hits You Used to Love Me and Soon As I Get Home was certified Platinum by the RIAA in March 1996.
 Friends & Family Vol. 1 was an album containing various artists' material including Suicidal Tendencies and Infectious Grooves.
 A Choice Selection of Strawbs is a compilation album of songs by Strawbs.
 F.N.G. is a compilation album by hardcore/crossover band Suicidal Tendencies.
 East Bay Grease is the debut album by the soul funk group Tower of Power. It is characteristic of the Bay City funk style they helped to establish and further built upon throughout their career.[citation needed] The album was released on CD in 1992 by Rhino Records.
 The United States Military Academy Band West Point New York is the first CD digital format album released exclusively by the The United States Military Academy Concert Band and Jazz Knights big band.
 Time is the seventh studio album of the Japanese boy band Arashi. The album was released on July 11 2007 in Japan under their record label J Storm in two editions: a limited 2CD version and a regular CD version.
 Punkara is the sixth studio album by the collective Asian Dub Foundation. It was recorded with The Go! Team producer Gareth Parton at The Fortress Studios London. It is the first album released with new singer Al Rumjen formerly of King Prawn. There was an advanced release in Japan on 26 March 2008 and it was subsequently leaked worldwide. Punkara was released in the UK on the 13 October 2008 with a different track listing to the Japanese release which featured an exclusive bonus track.
 Notes from San Francisco is a posthumous album by Irish musician Rory Gallagher. Released in 2011 It consists of two CDs. The first disc is a never released album that Gallagher recorded in San Francisco in December of 1977. The album was to be a major shift for Gallagher. Rather than producing it himself he worked with Elliot Mazer a successful producer who had a long track record with artists such as Bob Dylan Janis Joplin and The Band.
 Ms. Hill is a compilation album by American musician Lauryn Hill released in 2008. Though not an official release this set includes rare material and unreleased songs that have surfaced since the release of The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill as well as several songs from Miseducation and Lauryn's controversial live album MTV Unplugged 2.0.
 Atmosphere is the first album by Polish rock band Atmosphere. It was released in 1997.
 Koek n Jam is the debut album by Namibian kwaito star Qonja. The album was released on his own label Lowkey Records. It features his two successful hits 54321 and Koek n Jam which he recorded with his friend and label mate (at the time) Mappz. The album features production from Fredro and Christian Poloni. Guests on the album include Mappz R&B singer African Boy House Melody Kiddz and hardcore kwaito artist Legg Ghetto. The album helped establish Qonja as a lyrical artist.
 Steve Tibbetts is the debut album by Steve Tibbetts released in 1977. Originally released by Frammis Records the CD was released by Cuneiform in 1995.
 The Invisible: Original Soundtrack is a compilation album the soundtrack to the film The Invisible.
 Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by the Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin. It was released exclusively in the United Kingdom on July 11 2011.Greatest Hits was released one day before Ricky Martin's concert in London which was a part of his Música + Alma + Sexo World Tour.
 Futurama is the second album by the band Be-Bop Deluxe released in 1975.After the line-up of Be-Bop Deluxe changed the band recorded the album with founder member Bill Nelson (guitars keyboards and vocals) Charlie Tumahai (bass and backing vocals) and Simon Fox (drums).
 Life with You released in 2007 is the seventh studio album by The Proclaimers. It appeared on W14 a joint venture label between Universal Records and John Williams the man who gave The Proclaimers their first recording contract on Chrysalis Records. The album reached number 13 in the UK album charts.
 The Smiths Singles Box is a box set compilation album by The Smiths. It was released on 8 December 2008 on 12 7 vinyl records. The 'cover star' of the album is Joel Fabiani and the image was personally selected by Morrissey.
 Start Over On Monday is the debut album by Buffalo-based band This Day & Age released in summer 2002.
 Psychedelic Revolution is a 2012 double album by Julian Cope former lead singer of The Teardrop Explodes released on Head Heritage Records. Cope dedicated the album to Che Guevara and Leila Khaled.
 The House of Atreus Act I released in 1999 is the ninth studio album by the American heavy metal band Virgin Steele. It has the subtitle A Barbaric-Romantic Opera. This album is the first part of a metal opera inspired by the Oresteia a trilogy of Greek tragedies written by Aeschylus which concerns the end of the curse on the House of Atreus. The music was intended to be the soundtrack for theatrical shows with actors impersonating the characters of the tragedy.
 There Will Be Violence is the third studio album by Christian extreme metal band Impending Doom and was released worldwide on July 20 2010 via Facedown Records. It is the first with drummer Brandon Trahan formerly of xDeathstarx. Trahan was asked by former bandmate Cory Johnson to join Impending Doom after drummer Isaac Bueno left the band prior to the recording of the album.
 Showcase is the third album led by American jazz drummer Philly Joe Jones which was recorded in 1959 for the Riverside label.
 Starting Over was Japanese J-pop girlband Speed's very first album and was released on May 21 1997. It contains 3 of Speed's earlier singles Body & Soul Steady and Go! Go! Heaven respectively. The album was hugely successful entering the Oricon weekly charts at number 1 and shipping approximately 2 million units in total.
 The Album is the debut album by the hip hop and electro funk group Mantronix.
 Return of Wax is an album by The Upsetters released in 1975.
 The Robert Johnson Songbook is an album by the British blues band the Peter Green Splinter Group led by Peter Green. Released in 1998 this was their second album.
 Can't Take It with You is the name of a 2007 EP released by the band Marah. It was released as a digital download and limited edition 10 vinyl by Yep Roc Records.
 The Greatest Hits EP is The Drama Club's first and only release before being signed to a major record label (One Eleven Records). The EP was sold throughout the band's hometown Wilkes-Barre Pennsylvania. The band sold approximately 2500 CDs regionally.
 Kick Ass: Music from the Motion Picture is the soundtrack to the film of the same name. It was released in the United Kingdom on 29 March 2010 and in the United States on iTunes on 30 March 2010. The title song is sung by Mika co-written by Jodi Marr and produced by RedOne.The video for the single shows Mika as a helpless individual left in an alleyway after being mugged.
 Eurythmics Live is a live concert video by the British pop/rock duo Eurythmics filmed during their Revenge Tour in Sydney Australia on 14 February 1987.
 Hootenanny is the second studio album by The Replacements released in April 1983 by Twin/Tone Records. It was mostly recorded from October 1982 to January 1983 at Stark/Mudge Mobile Unit warehouse Brooklyn Center Minnesota (described in the liner notes as a warehouse in some godawful suburb north of Mpls.).
 Global Underground 035: Lima is a DJ mix album in the Global Underground series compiled and mixed by DJ and producer Nick Warren who claims that the mix is made up entirely of 'exclusive' tracks purportedly inspired by the Peruvian capital Lima.
 Katrina Elam is the self-titled debut album of American country music artist Katrina Elam. It was released in 2004 (see 2004 in country music) on the Universal South Records label. The album peaked at #42 on the Billboard Top Country Albums charts and #33 on Top Heatseekers.
 Statements is an album by jazz vibraphonist Milt Jackson released in 1962 on Impulse! Records.The CD reissue features a composition originally on an Impulse sampler as well as quintet recordings from 1964.
 Plastic Letters is the second studio album by American new wave band Blondie released in February 1978 on Chrysalis Records.
 Winter/Reflections is a 2005 Christmas album recorded by Boyz II Men. It was only released in Japan on December 1 2005.
 Not a Little Girl Anymore is an album by English singer Linda Lewis first released in 1975. Lewis’ fifth album in as many years peaked at number 40 in the U.K.
 Word O.K. is an album by Kool A.D. released March 20 2014. The album features guest appearances from Sir DZL Ladybug Santos Vieira Mecca of Digable Planets Toro Y Moi Talib Kweli Boots Riley of The Coup Mr. Muthafuckin' eXquire.
 I Am What I Am is an album by American country music artist George Jones. This album was released in 1980 on Epic Records label then on July 4 2000 this album was re–released with bonus tracks on the Legacy Recordings label. It peaked at number 7 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and number 132 on the Pop Albums chart. I Am What I Am went Gold in 1981 and Platinum in 1983.
 Großes Wasser is the seventh album by the electronic music outfit Cluster. It was co-produced by former Tangerine Dream member Peter Baumann. Großes Wasser marked the return to Cluster working as a duo of Hans-Joachim Roedelius and Dieter Moebius after two albums collaborating with Brian Eno.Großes Wasser was recorded and released in 1979 on the Hamburg Germany based Sky label.
 Stomping Ground is Goldfinger's third official album that was released on March 28 2000. The song The End of the Day contains a brief sample from the Dead Kennedys's song Nazi Punks Fuck Off.
 All for One & One for All! is the first (and only) mini album by Hello! Project unit H.P. All Stars released on December 1 2004 in both a normal and limited edition the limited edition having a different cover. It reached a peak of #5 on the daily Oricon charts lasting 7 weeks.
 Zero Hour is Zero Hour's first album. Released in 1999 it was limited to 2100 copies.
 E-Life is the sixth studio album by the band Mint Condition. It is their second album for the label Image Entertainment as well as their second album without member Keri Lewis who left the band in 2001. The first single released from E-Life was the song Baby Boy Baby Girl- with an alternate version sent to radio featuring guest vocals from neo-soul singer Anthony Hamilton.
 Another Story is an album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine recorded for the Blue Note label in 1969 and performed by Turrentine with Thad Jones Cedar Walton Buster Williams and Mickey Roker.
 Fremd im eigenen Land (German for Stranger in the own country) is the third studio album by German rapper Fler. It was released on 15 January 2008.
 Made in Japan is a double live album by English rock band Deep Purple recorded during their first tour of Japan in August 1972. It was originally released in December 1972 with a U.S.
 Ta-Dah is the second studio album by American alternative band Scissor Sisters released on September 15 2006. It was produced by the band and features collaborations with Elton John Carlos Alomar and Paul Williams. The album debuted at number 19 on the US Billboard 200 chart selling 42000 copies in its first week. Upon its release Ta-Dah received positive reviews from most music critics.
 Hero Worship was Hal Crook's fifth album as a leader and the second album he released for RAM Records.This album was Crook's first recording using the 5-voice digital harmonizer which connected to a microphone attached to his trombone's bell. The harmonizer generate up to 5 additional voices at preset intervals which allowed Crook to play chordal lines using an otherwise multiphonic instrument.
 En gång till is the fourth album by Swedish punk rock group KSMB. Released in 1993 it was KSMB's comeback album. Johan Johansson (drums) does not appear on this album.
 Love Is Where You Find It is the eleventh studio album by American R&B/Soul group The Whispers. Released on June 7 1981 by SOLAR Records This album reached number-one on the Billboard Soul Albums chart.
 Kidz Bop 23 is the 23rd album in the Kidz Bop series and was released on January 15 2013. It debuted at No. 2 on the US Billboard 200 albums chart with sales of over 81000 copies (28000 via digital download) the best sales week for any Kidz Bop album since Kidz Bop 10 sold 117000 in August 2006. In addition to television advertisements and the series' website sales were buoyed by the launch of a line of toys and karaoke machines in late 2012 and a Burger King kids meal promotion.
 The Mix is Monchy & Alexandra's third studio released album under the Sony International label. The album was released on June 10 2003. The album contains music previously released by the artistic duo. The songs however have been mixed to fit other Latino musical genres such as reggaeton as well as European musical genres as techno.
 The Chieftains 8 is an album by The Chieftains. Originally recorded for Claddagh Records and released in 1978 it was re-released on Columbia Records. It is the last of the group's albums recorded before members Seán Potts and Michael Tubridy left the band. The band performed If I Had Maggie In The Wood on Saturday Night Live in March 1979.
 Owl Pharaoh is the debut mixtape by American hip hop recording artist Travis Scott. The mixtape was released on May 21 2013 for free by Grand Hustle Records and Epic Records. The mixtape had gone through various delays before a set date was confirmed by Scott himself via an interview with DJ Semtex. The mixtape features guest appearances from T.I. Wale 2 Chainz Toro y Moi A$AP Ferg Theophilus London Paul Wall James Fauntleroy and Meek Mill.
 Songs and Views of the Magnetic Garden (1975/Catalyst 09026-61823-2 1993) is an album performed synthesized recorded and mixed by Alvin Curran. Liner notes by Tim Page and Alvin Curran.This lush musical landscape Alvin Curran's first multi-media solo work intertwines singing and synthesizer drones and overtones bells gamelans and sounds of nature—a unique tapestry of sound that eloquently introduces a fanciful and original American composer.Curran says that he was encouraged by then recent solo works by Terry Riley La Monte Young Charlemagne Palestine and Simone Forti while AllMusic says the album recalls early electronic work involving tape loops echo and feedback and resembles composers Riley Pauline Oliveros and Steve Reich.Curran interweaves the sounds of singing nature bells gamelans and synthesizers into what Page calls 'New Age with brains...he's one composer who can actually organize noise to the point that it becomes music.'Hearing his mid-1970s assemblages Songs And Views Of The Magnetic Garden or Fiori Chiari Fiori Oscuri is like peering for the first time into Joseph Cornell's boxed collages.Alvin Curran's 'Songs and Views of the Magnetic Garden' was a simmering stew of found sounds and minimalism.The title will also be found as Songs and Views from the Magnetic Garden.
 Matono (Greek: Ματώνω; English: I'm bleeding) is the title of the sixth studio album by the popular Greek artist Peggy Zina released in 2004 by Minos EMI.
 Where Lovers Mourn is the first full-length album released by the band Draconian through Napalm Records on the 20 October 2003.
 Forged in Fire is the third studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Anvil.
 The Best of Nikki Webster is the fourth album by Australian singer Nikki Webster released in Australia on 29 November 2004 (see 2004 in music) by Gotham Records. It is a best of compilation album: CD 1 is primarily a collection of Webster's hits from 2000 to 2004 while the DVD is primarily a collection of all her music videos and live performances.
 Get Ready is the fourth album by American New York City based Kleeer.
 These Are the Facts is the second and final album by the Sheffield band Milburn. The album was released on 24 September 2007 in the UK on Mercury Records.
 Moon Over The Freeway is the second studio album from the folk/swing band The Ditty Bops released in 2006. Package artwork is by Rick Whitmore and photography is by Don Spiro.
 Cabretta known as Mink DeVille in the United States was the 1977 debut album by Mink DeVille. It peaked at number 186 on the Billboard 200 chart and was voted the 29th best album of 1977 in the Village Voice's Pazz & Jop critics' poll. A single from the album “Spanish Stroll” was a top-20 hit in the U.K.Cabretta was produced by Jack Nitzsche who would help shape Mink DeVille's sound and collaborate with lead singer and composer Willy DeVille for many years to come.
 Handcream for a Generation is the fourth album by the English indie band Cornershop. It featured contributions from two Oasis members - Noel Gallagher contributed guitar to Spectral Mornings and former Oasis bassist Guigsy played bass on Lessons Learned from Rocky I to Rocky III.The track People Power has the same lyrics as the first track on the album Disco and the Halfway to Discontent by former Cornershop side project Clinton set to different music.
 Undead 13+2 is the first studio album released by Japanese rock band Sadie released on June 25 2008 in Japan. The songs are re-recordings of old Sadie tracks. Many of the original tracks are only obtainable through resale. The limited edition includes a DVD with Sadie's music videos with the video for A Holy Terrors being recorded exclusively for this release.
 Christmas with Conniff is a twelve-track album in which Ray Conniff keeps it mostly secular. The lone exception is the inclusion of Greensleeves also one of the few ballads on this album. For the most part Conniff keeps it cheery and bright with songs like Here Comes Santa Claus and Frosty the Snowman.
 Diamonds Diamonds is a Greatest Hits album by the Canadian band Max Webster. It was released in 1982 after the band had broken up and features two new tracks: Hot Spots and Overnight Sensation which were recorded in 1978 during the Mutiny Up My Sleeve sessions. Strangely no songs from the band's fifth album Universal Juveniles are included on this album.
 Sinner is the ninth studio album by the American hard rock band Joan Jett and the Blackhearts released June 13 2006 by Blackheart Records Group. While most of the contents previously appeared on the Japan-only release Naked (2004) some in different mixes it is her first record of new material released in the United States since Pure and Simple in 1994.
 Block Music is the second studio album from the Chicago native Shawnna. The first single was Gettin' Some which went gold in June 2006 and platinum in December 2006. The second single is Damn featuring Smoke of Field Mob. The album has an exclusive remix of Gettin' Some featuring Ludacris Lil Wayne Pharrell and Too Short.
 Seeds is the third studio album by Canadian indie rock band Hey Rosetta!. It was released on February 15 2011 through Sonic Records and was produced by Tony Doogan.Lead singer Tim Baker stated in an interview that the album name as well as the title track is about ...the idea is that we are seeds traveling from town to town blowing around settling down here and there trying to make something for people and that the songs are seeds ...
 Beyond the Notes is a studio album by former Deep Purple keyboard player Jon Lord released in 2004. It features guest appearances from Frida Lyngstad Sam Brown Miller Anderson Thijs van Leer Pete York and Trondheim Soloists.
 The Mirror is a Digital album by rapper Ja Rule originally planned to be released in 2007. Two singles Uh-Ohhh! and Body were released in 2007 to poor chart performance. After tracks from the unreleased album were leaked online Ja Rule decided to re-record the album but later decided to release it as a free download on July 31 2009 along with two bonus tracks Free and Style On 'Em.
 Songbook is a 2000 compilation by Goran Bregović. It summs the results of Goran Bregović's 1990s creative work. Besides including his music for films La Reine Margot Underground Arizona Dream Time of the Gypsies and Toxic Affair it also features such world-famous singers as Iggy Pop Ofra Haza Sezen Aksu Cesária Évora and George Dalaras.
 Leon Russell is the debut solo album and third album overall by singer songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Leon Russell. It followed his debut with the Midnight String Quartet and a production by Russell and Marc Benno billed as the Asylum Choir.
 Special Limited Edition is a live EP by Sammy Hagar. It was given for free at retail locations in the St. Louis Missouri area to promote an upcoming concert there on August 23 2003.
 Utopia Parkway is the second album by power pop band Fountains of Wayne. It was released on Atlantic Records in 1999.
 Kerbdog was an Alternative rock band from Kilkenny Ireland who formed in 1991. Following two albums released on Mercury Records the band split up in 1998. Between 2005 and 2008 the band reformed for a series of one-off performances in Ireland and England with no further reformations planned.A tribute album entitled Pledge: A Tribute To Kerbdog was released on March 8 2010.
 5to Piso (Quinto Piso 5th Floor) is the eleventh studio album by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona released on 18 November 2008. Produced by Arjona Jorge Amaro Dan Warner Lee Levin Fernando de Santiago and Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Tommy Torres the album was recorded in various studios between the United States and Mexico. It is the first release by the artist under Warner Music.
 Rocky IV is the original motion picture soundtrack to the movie of the same name. It was originally released in 1985 on the Scotti Brothers label.
 Outlaster is the fifth studio album recorded by American singer-songwriter Nina Nastasia. It was released on June 7 2010 internationally and June 22 2010 in the United States by Fat Cat Records (see 2010 in music).The album was once again recorded by long-time collaborator Steve Albini at Electrical Audio Studios in Chicago. Los Angeles-based arranger Paul Bryan conducted score for a small orchestra while Nina and Kennan Gudjonsson assembled string and woodwind quartets.
 A Time Of Day is the fifth studio album by progressive rock band Anekdoten and it has been produced by the band itself. It took three years of song writing and four months of recording to make this album.
 On the Downside is an EP by the San Diego California band Counterfit released by Alphabet Records in 2000. It was the band's first EP recorded shortly after the members had relocated to San Diego from Fairfield County Connecticut. It was recorded in their rehearsal space and was mixed and mastered at the Mira Mesa Epicentre a youth cafeteria which had been converted into an all-ages music venue.
 Whatever Mortal is the second album by Papa M the third such pseudonym used by David Pajo (after 'M' and 'Aerial M') released in 2001 on the Chicago-based Drag City label (see 2001 in music).
 Dreamcatcher is the debut studio album by Polish trance producer Nitrous Oxide released through Anjunabeats on 5 April 2010. It features collaborations with Polish singer-songwriter Aneym and American singer-songwriter Sean Ryan. The lyrics on the track Far Away are co-written with Justine Suissa of vocal trance group OceanLab.
 Dream Theater is the self-titled twelfth studio album by American progressive metal band Dream Theater released on September 23 2013 in Europe through Roadrunner Records and a day later in the US.Dream Theater is a progressive rock progressive metal and hard rock album and songs on the album also include elements of symphonic rock symphonic metal pop arena rock soft rock and classical music.
 Vulgar Video is the second home-video (Not counting the self released Hot n Heavy Home Vid) by the Texas heavy metal band Pantera. It was released in 1993. Kerry King (Slayer) and Rob Halford (Judas Priest) made a little guest appearance.
 Bicho do Mato is the fifth album from Brazilian blues/rock band O Bando do Velho Jack and was released in 2007.
 This article describes the 30th album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 30 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 30 was released on March 24 2009. The album is the 30th edition of the (US) Now! series and debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 album chart in April 2009.
 Life Is Great and Gettin' Better! is an album from Christian duo Jeff & Sheri Easter. It was released on January 23 2007.
 The Sea II is an album by Norwegian pianist Ketil Bjørnstad recorded in 1996 and released on the ECM label. The album is a sequel to Bjørnstad's 1995 release The Sea.
 High Atmosphere: Ballads and Banjo Tunes from Virginia and North Carolina is a 1975 compilation album released by Rounder Records. The album is composed of Appalachian folk music recordings gathered by musicologist John Cohen in North Carolina and Virginia.The album was originally released in 1975.
 Spit Polish is the second solo album by Tim Rogers and the first to feature his backing band The Temperance Union. The album was released on the April 26 2004 as a digipack and was later re-released in a standard jewel case. A vinyl LP was also pressed for sale at gigs. 'Fiction' was released as a radio single.
 Moonglow is a duo guitar Jazz studio album by Bucky Pizzarelli and Frank Vignola released in 2005 by the independent record label Sindrome Records.
 Living Together is the debut full-length album by Vermont. It was released on September 28 1999 on Kindercore Records.
 Little Esther is an album by American jazz pianist Horace Parlan featuring performances recorded in 1987 and released on the Italian-based Soul Note label.
 Blues Preacher is an album by American guitarist James Blood Ulmer recorded in 1992 and released on the Japanese DIW label and in the US on Columbia/DIW.
 If I Could Just Go Home is the first album by country artist Ed Bruce released in 1968. The album contains newly recorded songs with the exception of five tracks that had previously been featured on single releases between 1966 and 1967. The album reached No. 44 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Masters of Chant Chapter II is the third album by Gregorian.
 DiKtatoR 17 is a Punk Rock/Jewish cd first released independently by ousider musicianSteve Lieberman (The Gangsta Rabbi) (born 1958) as his 17th cd on 17 November 2009.
 Solved is the fifth studio album from nerdcore hip hop artist MC Frontalot. It was released on August 23 2011.The first single Critical Hit is available for free from the official website. The album's cover art was drawn by Evan Dorkin with colors by Anthony Clark.
 Love Storm is the fifth album by American soul/R&B group Tavares and the second to be produced by Freddie Perren released in 1977 on the Capitol label. The album continues in the style Perren had used on 1976's Sky High! with a mixture of R&B material and radio-friendly disco-oriented tracks.Lead single Whodunit with its lyrics pleading to several 1970s TV detectives (Hey Baretta won't you please go get her? ....
 Good Side Bad Side is a 1998 album by the Chicago rap group Crucial Conflict. This album includes the hit singles Scummy and Ghetto Queen. Featuring Three 6 Mafia R. Kelly and Do or Die.
 Mr. Happy Go Lucky is a rock album released by American singer-songwriter and musician John Mellencamp on September 10 1996. It was his first album released after his heart attack in 1994. Mellencamp's music on the album is said to reflect his brush with death. This album was recorded in Belmont Indiana in Mellencamp's Belmont Mall recording studio.
 The title of Tom Zé's 2005 release Estudando o Pagode literally means studying pagode (the sub genre of samba). This album is a three-act operetta about women and their relationship to men.
 Autobiography is a live recording by pianist and flautist Abdullah Ibrahim (also known as Dollar Brand) taken from a June 18 1978 concert in Switzerland. On the recording Ibrahim recalls his childhood in South Africa through the songs he learned then progressing to his own compositions in adulthood. Originally released as a two-disc LP set the album has since been reissued on CD.
 Double Barrelled Soul is a 1967 album by organist Brother Jack McDuff and saxophonist David Newman which was released on the Atlantic label.
 Meet Joe Mac is Joey McIntyre's second studio album released on May 15 2001 on Atlantic Records.
 Highland is the debut album by Swedish group One More Time released in 1992.
 (Music from and inspired by the film) Pigs Will Fly is the soundtrack for the German film Pigs Will Fly (2002) directed by Eoin Moore. The soundtrack is a collaboration between musicians Warner Poland and Kai-Uwe Kohlschmidt and features singer-songwriter and guitarist Chris Whitley. The soundtrack was produced recorded and mixed by Warner Poland and Kai-Uwe Kohlschmidt.
 Emblems is the fifth album by Matt Pond PA released in 2004.
 Believe is the third studio album by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber released on June 15 2012 by Island Records. Looking to transition from the teen pop styles of his two-piece debut effort My World (2009) and My World 2.0 (2010) Bieber opted to create a follow-up record that featured more prominent elements of dance-pop and Contemporary R&B.
 Journey To The Center Of Your Wallet is the second full-length album written and performed by the Humpers.
 27:36 is the second EP released by Gregor Samsa in 2003 one year after their debut EP Gregor Samsa. It features three untitled tracks which were later named by the band for easy reference though those names are unofficial.
 Unbroken and Unplugged is the second EP from Christian rock band Fireflight. It was released independently on September 8 2009 to holdover fans until the release of their third major full-length studio album For Those Who Wait which was released on February 9th 2010. It features five newly recorded acoustic arrangements of songs from their first two albums on Flicker Records.
 Starring Rosi is an experimental rock album in the Krautrock genre by Ash Ra Tempel. It was recorded at Studio Dierks Stommeln by Dieter Dierks. It was originally released on LP by Ohr under their 'Kosmische Musik' imprint catalogue number KM 58.007.Generally regarded as something of a turning point for Göttsching this album to some extent dispenses with the lengthy jams of previous albums and adopts a tighter song-structure.
 Live... One Summer Night is a live album by Paco de Lucía Sextet the band formed by famous flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucía.
 Death Cult Armageddon is the sixth studio album by Norwegian symphonic black metal band Dimmu Borgir released on 8 September 2003. It has since sold over 100000 copies in the United States; the first album under Nuclear Blast to do so; and debuted on the Billboard 200 chart at number 169. The song Progenies of the Great Apocalypse is released as single with accompanying music video.
 A Night in London is a live concert video by Mark Knopfler released on VHS tape in 1996 by PolyGram Music and on DVD in 2003 by Universal Music. The setlist includes songs from Knopfler's first solo album Golden Heart along with well-known Dire Straits numbers and film themes composed by the artist.
 Asianblue is the seventh album by Emm Gryner released in 2002 on Gryner's independent Dead Daisy Records.Asianblue was nominated for Pop Album of the Year at the 2003 Juno Awards but lost to Avril Lavigne's Let Go.
 Delicate Membrane is the debut album of SubArachnoid Space released on September 9 1996 through Charnel Music.
 I've Been Expecting You is the second studio album by British singer-songwriter Robbie Williams.
 No Regrets is the seventh studio album by American Grammy Award-winning contemporary R&B group All-4-One. It was released on September 15 2009 through Peak Records.The first single from the album was My Child followed by When I Needed an Angel of which a portion of the proceeds were donated to Donate Life America.The album was written by the group and produced by Jamie Jones' production company The Heavyweights.
 What Do You Want from Live is the fourth album released by The Tubes. It is a live album recorded at the Hammersmith Odeon London.
 Visionary is a studio album by German progressive rock band Eloy released on 18 November 2009 through Artist Station Records.
 Children of Paradise – The Greatest Hits of Boney M. – Vol. 2 is a greatest hits album by Boney M. issued in June 1981 in Germany. The album wasn't commercially available but a Club Edition release only. Vol. 1 - Greatest Hits of Boney M. - was a 16 track Club Edition of The Magic of Boney M.
 Music from Malcolm in the Middle is the soundtrack to the television series Malcolm in the Middle released on November 21 2000.
 Tical is the debut solo album of American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member Method Man released November 15 1994 on Def Jam Records. It was the first Wu-Tang solo album released after the group's debut Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers). Similar to all first generation solo Wu-Tang projects Tical was mainly produced by group member RZA who provided a dark murky and rugged sound.
 Secret Wars is a 2004 album by Oneida.
 While My Heart Beats is the second studio album by the American musician Jeff Ament. It is his second solo album apart from his main band Pearl Jam preceded by 2008's Tone.
 Acoustics is an acoustic EP from Minus the Bear. It was released on October 7 2008 through Tigre Blanco Records. It contains an unreleased track Guns & Ammo and acoustic versions of six tracks previously released in electric versions on Highly Refined Pirates Menos el Oso and Planet of Ice.
 Iron Man 2: Original Motion Picture Score is the soundtrack to the 2010 film of the same name directed by Jon Favreau. It was released on July 20 2010 featuring 25 tracks. John Debney composed the musical score for Iron Man 2 along with Tom Morello. Make Way for Tomorrow Today was composed by Richard M. Sherman as an homage to his own There's a Great Big Beautiful Tomorrow.
 Roxy & Elsewhere is a live album by Frank Zappa and The Mothers which was released in 1974. Most of the songs were recorded at The Roxy Theatre in Hollywood California on December 8 9 and 10 1973.
 Tilt is the third proper full-length by Shibuya kei artist Kahimi Karie. It features songs by Momus Arto Lindsay Julien Ribot and The Olivia Tremor Control among others.
 Levitate is the tenth studio album by Bruce Hornsby. It was Hornsby's third studio album with his touring band Bruce Hornsby and the Noisemakers and was his first release with Verve Records.Somewhat a musical departure for Hornsby and the Noisemakers Levitate features no piano solos. Many of the songs also feature lyrical motifs of science and nature.The title track was used in Spike Lee's documentary Kobe Doin' Work.
 Forever Gentlemen is a compilation album produced by TF1 Musique joining well-known artists. The album was released on 21 October 2013 and includes tributes to crooners of the 1950s.The album entered the SNEP French Albums Chart at number 2 in its first week of release.
 Kin (stylized as KIN (←→)) is a studio album by American jazz guitarist Pat Metheny Unity Group a newly expanded version of 2012's Unity Band; the lineup now features multi-instrumentalist Giulio Carmassi. Kin was released in February 2014 by Nonesuch Records. It was recorded in June 2013 at MSR Studios in New York.
 Eurotechno is an early project released on Aphex Twin's label Rephlex by Brian Dougans in 1989 under the name Stakker. It was originally a soundtrack to a visual work released on Virgin Vision by Colin Scott Mark McLean and Marek Pytel. It has received positive reviews for its fresh early acid techno sound and hailed as innovative and timeless.The video it accompanied was a major inspiration to the Rephlex collective and as such was re-released on the label in 2003.
 Dangereuse Attraction is the second studio album by French Canadian singer Marie-Mai. The album was released on 28 August 2007 in Canada by Musicor and later in France by Warner Music France on 26 May 2008. The album was produced by Fred St-Gelais. The album was certified gold by Music Canada.
 Galleries is the debut album by The Visionaries an American hip hop group composed of 2Mex LMNO KeyKool DJ Rhettmatic Lord Zen and Dannu.
 This is PiL is the ninth studio album by Public Image Ltd or tenth including Commercial Zone. Their first studio album in 20 years it was released on 28 May 2012 on band's own label PiL Official. A limited deluxe edition of the album was released with a live DVD entitled There is a PiL in Heaven.
 Gore Metal is the debut full-length album from deathgrind band Exhumed. It was released on October 27 1998 by Relapse Records. It has been described as totally disgusting.
 Electro Glide in Blue is the second album by the British electronic band Apollo 440. The album features Charles Bukowski Billy Mackenzie and a tribute to Gene Krupa; all three of whom had died by the time of the album's release.
 Play Me Backwards is a 1992 album by Joan Baez. In addition to her own work she included songs by Mary Chapin Carpenter and Janis Ian among others. The album marked the first time Baez worked with producers Kenny Greenberg and Wally Wilson with whom she would continue to work throughout most of the '90s. Also significant was her recording of the Mary Chapin Carpenter song Stones in the Road for which Baez produced her first ever music video.
 A Gift From a Flower to a Garden is the fifth album from British singer-songwriter Donovan and marks the first double album of his career and one of the first box sets in rock music. It was released in the US in December 1967 (Epic Records L2N 6071 (monaural) / B2N 171 (stereo)) and in the UK on 16 April 1968 (Pye Records NPL 20000 (monaural) / NSPL 20000 (stereo)).
 Dancin' on the Edge is second solo album by Lita Ford. It is also her last release with Polygram Records before she left to sign with RCA/Dreamland Records. This album featured Ford's new back up band made up of drummer Randy Castillo (who later played for Ozzy Osbourne and Motley Crue) Aldo Nova on keyboards and featured the bassist Hugh McDonald who is currently the hired studio/live session bassist for Bon Jovi.
 The Derek Trucks Band (often called simply Derek Trucks) is the debut album by American jam band The Derek Trucks Band released on October 7 1997. The album was recorded between September 30-October 4 1996 at Dockside Studios Maurice. The album is composed mainly of re-arranged jazz and blues classics and the rest are original compositions by the band. Derek was seventeen years old at the time of the release of the album.
 Camouflage is a studio album released by Rod Stewart on June 18 1984 (see 1984 in music). It was Stewart’s 13th studio album and was released on Warner Bros. Records (WEA 925 095-1). Three singles came from this album. They were “Infatuation” “Some Guys Have All the Luck” and a cover of the Free hit “All Right Now”.
 Darren Hayman & the Secondary Modern is the second studio album by British singer-songwriter Darren Hayman. It is his first with his backing band the Secondary Modern. It was released by The Track & Field Organisation in 2007.
 Genesis Archive #2: 1976–1992 is a 2000 boxed set by veteran progressive rock/pop band Genesis. This retrospective covers the band's history while Phil Collins was lead singer.The three discs consist of live recordings (mostly previously unreleased with a few that had been B-sides) 12 remixes a work-in-progress jam non-album B-sides and tracks from the Spot the Pigeon and 3X3 EPs.
 High Gear is the first studio album by hard rock band Howe II released in 1989 through Shrapnel Records. Howe II was a short-lived group fronted by guitarist Greg Howe and his brother Albert a singer.
 The Very Best of Bucks Fizz is a compilation album of the hits of pop group Bucks Fizz. The album was released in 2007 and was coupled with a DVD of the group's Promotional Videos. This was the first time the group's videos had been available on DVD. The album reached No.40 in the UK Charts - the first time Bucks Fizz had appeared on the album charts since 1986.
 Portrait of an American Family is the debut full-length studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson. It was released on July 19 1994 in the US through Nothing and Interscope Records. It was produced by the band's frontman and Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails.
 Remembering John is a 1991 album by McCoy Tyner released on the Enja label. It was recorded in February 1991 and features performances by Tyner with bassist Avery Sharpe and drummer Aaron Scott paying tribute to John Coltrane. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states that McCoy Tyner still sounds enthusiastic and adventurous performing the timeless music.
 MARS Sora Kara no Homonsha ~Kaisō~ (Japanese: Mars A Visitor from the Sky ~Flashbacks~) was the first live tour of Japanese singer Gackt that was released on VHS and DVD.
 Ascension of the Watchers (formerly The Watchers) the band led by Fear Factory's frontman Burton C. Bell published a full-length MP3 of the track Evading through their official website. The track appeared on this five-song demo which includes contributions from John Bechdel.
 Songs from The Looney Tunes Show is a series of digital releases compiling songs from the animated television series The Looney Tunes Show.
 Every Silver Lining Has a Cloud is an album by painter Julian Schnabel recorded in 1993 and released in 1995 on Island Records. The majority of the album was written by Schnabel himself with most lyrics dealing with love.Though recorded by an all-star ensemble including Bill Laswell and some of Laswell's most illustrious friends (Buckethead Bernie Worrell Nicky Skopelitis and Anton Fier) the release received mixed reviews.
 Tombo is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. Tombo (蜻蛉) is the Japanese word for dragonfly.
 Light for the Lost Boy is a 2012 album by American singer songwriter Contemporary Christian music Andrew Peterson released on Centricity Music.
 Acoustic Live in Newcastle is the second live album released by Sting. It was recorded and released shortly after the studio album The Soul Cages at the Buddle Arts Centre in Newcastle upon Tyne England on 20 April 1991. The album includes four tracks from The Soul Cages as well as a cover of the Bill Withers song Ain't No Sunshine.
 Live at Georgia Theatre is the fifth album and first live album by American artist Derek Trucks and The Derek Trucks Band released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).This album is one of 10 Live jam releases of this century according to the August issue of Guitar One magazine.
 Riders Go Commercial is a studio recording released by the Western band Riders in the Sky in 1989. It contains spoken comedy skits commercial satires and six songs. Riders Go Commercial is available as a single CD.
 Motherfuckers Be Trippin' is the sixth studio album by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers. It was released on April 22 2003 on the band's own label Mid-Fi Recordings. The album's title comes from the name jokingly announced by the New Bomb Turks as the title of their upcoming album while on tour with Supersuckers. When the Supersuckers went into the studio to record their next album they put it down as a working title as an inside joke.
 Shampoohorn is an album by Dweezil and Ahmet Zappa going by the group name Z released in 1994.The European version of the album was released months before the American version.
 Visions is the title of the fourth solo album a double LP by the Christian singer-songwriter Paul Field. It is a musical or rather a message to the nation that God is great a message to the church that God is powerful and a message to Christians everywhere that God's resources are available to them (Paul Field March 1985 cover notes on the Visions LP).
 A Curious Thing is the second album by Scottish singer-songwriter Amy Macdonald and was released on 8 March 2010. The album's lead single Don't Tell Me That It's Over (containing Young lovers as b-side) was released on 1 March 2010. The album was confirmed for release in late 2009 and the album's title and track listing was confirmed in January 2010.Five singles have since been released from A Curious Thing.
 Book I is a collaboration album by Pastor Troy and The Congregation which was released in 2000.
 There's Gonna Be a Showdown is a 1969 album by American funk band Archie Bell & the Drells released by the record label Atlantic.
 Sing It Now is an EP by the acoustic pop duo Poema. It is the debut EP by the group to be released on Tooth & Nail Records.
 Country Sunshine is an album by Country music singer Dottie West (released in 1973) based on the successful commercial/Country song of Country Sunshine. This album was based on the largely successful Coca-Cola commercial entitled Country Sunshine. The commercial featured West singing a song she wrote along with commercial writer Billy Davis also entitled the same name. The commercial was so successful a Country single was recorded in 1973 that hit No. 2 on the Country charts and No.
 Blue Virgin Isles was the fifth album and the international debut from Swedish singer/songwriter Ted Gärdestad released in late 1978 on the Epic Records label in the UK and Polar Music in Scandinavia. The Blue Virgin Isles album was mainly recorded in Hollywood California with a large number of noted American and English musicians among them Jim Keltner Jay Graydon Lee Ritenour Fred Tackett James Newton Howard Dr.
 Out for Blood is the fifth full-length album by Sadus. It was released on Mascot Records on February 27 2006 in Europe and it was released on May 2 2006 in USA.This album saw bassist Steve DiGiorgio experimenting with vocals for the first time.
 A Tribute to Oscar Peterson – Live at the Town Hall is a 1997 live album by Oscar Peterson and featuring various artists paying tribute to Peterson.
 West Africa is an album by saxophonist Willis Jackson which was recorded in 1973 and first released on the Muse label.
 We Should Have Gone To University is the 2009 three-disc record album by the Alternative rock group Reuben.
 Eyes Closed EP is a studio EP from American indie hip hop artist Alias. It was released on Anticon in 2003.The EP is his first instrumental-only release.
 Glazed is the first studio album by the Canadian rock band Mystery Machine.
 Night of the Living Drag Queens is the second full-length release by North Carolina punk band the Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13. It was originally released on Uncle God Damn Records in 1998 and was later re-released on Century Media Records in collaboration with People Like You Records in 1999 as a Digi-Pack. It is also featured in the 2006 box set Little Box of Horrors.
 The Matrix: Music from the Motion Picture is one of the two 1999 soundtrack albums from the blockbuster film The Matrix (the other being The Matrix: Original Motion Picture Score).The soundtrack included most of the tracks the film popularized such as Rob Zombie's Dragula (Hot Rod Herman Remix) or the lobby shootout music actually called Spybreak! played by the British big beat duo Propellerheads. It also included a number of songs that were not present in the film.
 Georgia Stomps Atlanta Struts and Other Contemporary Dance Favorites is a live album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey released in 1998. It was the second and last live album he recorded and released during his lifetime.
 24: The Soundtrack released on December 7 2004 in the USA is based on the Fox television drama series 24 contains nineteen tracks of music composed exclusively for the first three seasons by producer Sean Callery including the show's full theme song which has never been aired.
 Karma Kamaleón is the fifth album by Mexican iconic pop singer Yuri. It was released in 1984. This album received Platinum and Gold discs because of its sales over 700000 copies [1]. The title track is a Spanish language version of the hit by Culture Club Karma Chameleon.
 The Drifter E.P. is the second EP of 2008 from Lindi Ortega and was released on iTunes on 23 September 2008 and on CD on 17 March 2009.Unlike her previous releases this EP is almost exclusively Lindi and her guitar. The title track Drifter was recorded on an answering machine. Lindi wanted to play a new song for her A&R rep so she called him and played it on his answering machine. He was so impressed he decided to include the it on the EP taking it straight from his answering machine.
 Together We're Stranger is No-Man's fifth studio album released by the Snapper Music label in 2003. The first four songs are linked to form a 28-minute suite of continuous music with recurring lyrical and musical themes. Atmospheric and ambitious this aspect of the album in some way recalls the more Ambient elements of Pink Floyd Brian Eno and Miles Davis and the later experiments of Mark Hollis/Talk Talk.
 Crop Circles is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Dean Brody. It was released on November 5 2013 via Open Road Recordings. The first single Bounty featuring guest vocals from Lindi Ortega was released in August 2013.Crop Circles won Country Album of the Year at the 2014 Juno Awards.
 The High Frontier is the second studio album by American rock band Lumerians. It was released in August 2013 under Partisan Records.
 Hits is a compilation album by the Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue. It was released solely in Japan Hong Kong and the Philippines by EMI. The compilation contains songs from Light Years (2000) Fever (2001) Body Language (2003) Ultimate Kylie (2004) Showgirl Homecoming Live (2007) X (2007) and Aphrodite (2010) in addition to a remix of Get Outta My Way by Japanese electronic musician Yasutaka Nakata of capsule.
 A Breath of October is a studio album by the band Cobweb Strange.
 The Hardest Way to Make an Easy Living is the third album by The Streets released on 10 April 2006 in the United Kingdom and 25 April 2006 in North America. It is also the shortest The Streets album released so far with a running time of just 37 minutes and 12 seconds. The Mitchell Brothers and Ted Mayhem two of Skinner's protégés make guest appearances on the album.
 California Metal the first of five compilation albums released by Regency Records in the late eighties was designed primarily to showcase the talents of the numerous unsigned Christian metal bands that had arrived on the scene following the success of Stryper. California Metal was quickly followed by California Metal Volume II (1988) East Coast Metal (1988) Underground Metal (1989) and Underground Metal 2 (1989).
 Restraining Bolt is the major-label debut album by alternative rock band Radish released on April 22 1997. Ben Kweller the group's frontman was only 16 at the time the album was released.
 An Escalator to Christmas is an EP by Steven Wilson's side project the Incredible Expanding Mindfuck. It was released on vinyl only as a limited edition of 500 copies in 5 different colours - yellow blue green red and black.Side A (An Escalator to Christmas) saw its CD debut on the 2005 album I.E.M. 1996-1999 while the b-side Headphone Dust is included as an extra track on the CD version of the 1996 I.E.M. album. An expanded version was also included on the 2010 Complete I.E.M. box set.
 The Constant Gardener is the original soundtrack of the 2005 Academy Award- and Golden Globe- winning film The Constant Gardener starring Ralph Fiennes and Rachel Weisz (who won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Tessa Quayle in this film).
 Ballin' Outta Control is the second album by rapper AMG. It was released on June 6 1995 through Select Records.
 Never Alone is the third album by Christian singer Amy Grant released in 1980 through Myrrh Recordings.By this point in her life Amy had entered her sophomore year at Furman University and developed a budding relationship with studio songwriter Gary Chapman. The three songs from the album that they co-wrote obscurely describe their on-again off-again relationship.
 Bee Hives is a 2004 album by Broken Social Scene. It is a collection of B-sides from their second full length You Forgot It in People.The working title for the album was Death Is a B-Side. Cover art for this title can be found in the book This Book Is Broken.
 Waters Edge is the eighth album by Sweet released in 1980.
 Save Each Other the Whales Are Doing Fine is pop punk band Patent Pending's debut studio album. The original name of the CD was Save The Children The Whales Are Doing Fine but it was changed due to a threat to sue by the Save the Children Foundation. The title reflects the environmental concept of save the whales. Because the band didn't have the budget to fight their case in court they were forced to change the name.
 Din of Ecstasy is the second studio album by singer-songwriter and guitarist Chris Whitley. It was produced primarily by John Custer and Chris Whitley. The album was recorded by Steve Melton (assisted by Danny Kadar and Kent Bruce) and mixed by Toby Wright (assisted by John Seymour) at Muscle Shoals Sound in Sheffield Alabama as well as Baby Monster Sony Music Studios and Electric Lady Studios in New York City.
 Facedown is a four-track EP released by English alternative rock band The 1975 on 6 August 2012 through Dirty Hit.
 爱 频率 is the first Mandarin EP of South Korean singer Kangta physically released September 14. 爱 频率 (Breaka Shaka) was digitally released September 13. It is Kangta's first album after his military activities. The music video for 爱 频率 (Breaka Shaka) featured label mate Victoria of f(x).
 $uga(r) is the sixth studio album by Dutch rock and roll band Claw Boys Claw and the first on EMI. It is one of their commercially most successful albums and musically it sees the former garage band move toward what would be called swamp rock. It was the most successful album of their career reaching #26 on 13 February 1993 on the Dutch album chart and staying on the chart for 10 weeks.
 The Adult Storybook is an album by New Tokyo Terror.
 Let the Hard Times Roll is the third solo album by singer-songwriter David Ford released on February 15 2010.
 True Till Death is the first studio album by Boston hardcore punk band Death Before Dishonor. It was released in 2002 on Spook City Records.
 El Sexto Sentido (English: The Sixth Sense) is the ninth studio album (and thirteenth album) by Mexican latin pop singer Thalía. It was released by EMI Music on 19 July 2005. The most successful singles of the album were Amar sin ser amada Un alma sentenciada and Seducción.On February 14 2006 Thalía re-released her El Sexto Sentido with a formal name: El Sexto Sentido Re+Loaded in Mexico (May 29 in Spain June 6 in the US).
 Jimmy Stewart 2007 is a double live album by progressive rock band Umphrey's McGee. The album was released on June 17 2008 and consists of some of the band's best improvisational performances from 2007. What is Jimmy Stewart? is a brief explanation of their approach to improvisation. The track Eat - 2.17.07 - San Francisco California would become the basis for a new song Waist Down debuted on May 24 2008.
 De Nova is the second album by Chicago-based rock band The Redwalls released in the United States on June 21 2005 through Capitol Records. Produced by Rob Schnapf (Elliott Smith The Vines) De Nova was the first album the band released on Capitol since initially signing with the label in 2003. It's Alright was featured on an episode of the HBO Original Series Entourage.
 You Can Hold Me Down is the debut album by William Tell first released March 13 2007 through Universal Records and New Door Records.
 Epic is the third studio album by US electronica duo Blood on the Dance Floor released on October 5 2010. The album is the group's first with Jayy Von Monroe and also their first to appear on the US Billboard charts. Several of the tracks appeared on previous Blood on the Dance Floor releases and reappear here in a rerecorded format. For reasons unclear the album had an unusually large amount of singles released.
 Potted Meat Spread is the debut album of Spongehead released in 1989 through Shimmy Disc.
 Stand and Fight is the third album by British band Northern Uproar and the first after their reunion in 2005. It was released in 2007.
 Laps in Seven is the title of a 2006 album by the progressive bluegrass artist Sam Bush on the Sugar Hill label.
 Hotline was the fourth studio album from the Pakistani pop duo of Nazia Hassan & Zohaib Hassan released in 1987. It was the best selling album of the duo after Disco Deewane.
 Sonny Boy is a 1961 album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins comprising four tracks from his final recordings for the Prestige label three of which were originally released on Tour de Force along with an unissued performances from the session which produced Rollins Plays for Bird.
 Passengers is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton's Quartet with bassist Eberhard Weber recorded in 1976 and released on the ECM label in 1977. The album is notable for featuring the early work of guitarist Pat Metheny and several of his compositions.
 Flesh on Flesh is a 2002 album by Italian-American jazz fusion and Latin jazz guitarist Al Di Meola. The album contains new compositions and reworkings of older ones as well.
 Buy Our Intention; We'll Buy You a Unicorn is the second full length album released by Kaddisfly. It is also the title of the album's thirteenth track.
 El Turista is the eighth studio album by the singer-songwriter Josh Rouse. The album was self released by Josh Rouse in 2010 with his Bedroom Classics label.
 The Art of Walking is the fourth Pere Ubu full-length. Mayo Thompson of The Red Krayola joined as guitarist for this album and slanted the proceedings further towards deconstruction and abstraction and away from the primal rock that former guitarist Tom Herman had facilitated. The group would record one more album with Thompson before disbanding.
 The Key was the first full-length studio album from Florida progressive death metal band Nocturnus. It was released on Earache Records in 1990 and was followed by Thresholds two years later.The album Nocturnus's debut is a concept album centered around an Occult (the influence of drummer/vocalist Mike Browning) meets sci-fi (influenced by guitarist Mike Davis) theme. The story of the album follows a cyborg who goes back in time to the year 0 B.C.
 The Very Best of Mick Jagger is a compilation album that was released worldwide on 1 October 2007 and the following day in the United States on WEA/Rhino Records. This 17-track release is the first ever overview of Mick Jagger's solo career.The collection includes singles album tracks and collaborations with John Lennon David Bowie Bono Lenny Kravitz Peter Tosh Ry Cooder David A. Stewart and Jeff Beck among others.
 Optimystique is Yanni's first album released on Atlantic Records in 1984 and again on the Private Music label in 1989 (see 1984 in music).
 Western Wall: The Tucson Sessions is a 1999 Folk and Country-styled album by American singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt and singer/songwriter/guitarist Emmylou Harris.Although the album received mixed reviews critically it made several year-end Top Ten (favorite) lists. The disc was recorded at the Arizona Inn near downtown Tucson Arizona.This album hit #6 on Billboard's Country albums chart and #73 on Billboard's main album chart.
 Interstate 8 is the second EP by indie rock band Modest Mouse released on Up Records in 1996. It contains the band's original demo Live in Sunburst Montana which was recorded in Isaac Brock's garage in Issaquah Washington.
 Popgefahr is De/Vision's eleventh album released in 2010. It's the first album released under their own label Popgefahr Records. Rage and Time to Be Alive were released digitally as double A-side single on March 5 2010.De/Vision previewed all tracks on their Myspace site right in the weeks before the release of this album.
 # Zero with a Bullet is the eighth album by American folk rock musician David Dondero released on August 3 2010 by Team Love Records. It came three years after his second release with Team Love Simple Love.
 Everything I Love is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was released on October 29 1996 and produced six singles for Jackson on the Hot Country Songs charts: the Number One hits Little Bitty and There Goes Top Ten hits in the title track Between the Devil and Me and Who's Cheatin' Who (a cover of Charly McClain's #1 song from 1980) and the #18 A House with No Curtains his first single since 1989's Blue Blooded Woman to miss the Top Ten.
 Alma Caribeña (English: Caribbean Soul) is the ninth studio solo album and third Spanish album released by American singer Gloria Estefan. It also is the twenty-second overall released in 2000.
 Bitanga i princeza (trans. The Brute and the Princess) is the fourth studio album by former Yugoslav rock band Bijelo Dugme released in 1979.Bitanga i princeza was Bijelo Dugme's first album to feature Điđi Jankelić on drums.
 Standing on the Edge is an album by the American rock group Cheap Trick released in 1985. Jack Douglas the producer of Cheap Trick's debut album Cheap Trick made a return for this release.
 Unclassified is a compilation album released by Adult Swim. The album was released as a free download on their website. It consisted of rare and/or unreleased material from various artists.
 Live... And Kickin' is a 1997 live album by George Clinton and the P-Funk All-Stars. The album was released by the Intersound Label in the U.S. and by Victor Entertainment Inc. in Japan. The release is a double CD set containing tracks recorded during various P-Funk tours dating back to 1978 as well as three studio tracks including a collaboration with the Dazz Band. The Japanese version of Live... And Kickin' was scaled back to a single CD release.
 Monument is the second studio album from the metalcore band Miss May I. This album debuted at #76 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Wax Ecstatic is the second album by the band Sponge. It was released in 1996 on Columbia Records. Originally intended to be a concept album revolving around the death of a Memphis drag queen that idea was aborted though many of the tracks that ended up making the cut originated from this idea.
 Duetos (Duets) is a studio album by the Mexican recording artist Armando Manzanero. It was released by WEA on March 20 2001. The album includes duets by Manzanero and several performers including Olga Tañón Alejandro Sanz Edith Márquez Ricardo Montaner Lucero Francisco Céspedes Presuntos Implicados Café Quijano Miguel Bosé Juan Pablo Manzanero and Carlos Cuevas. The album earned Manzanero a Latin Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album Duo or Group.
 Writing in the Margins is the tenth studio album by folk singer-songwriter John Gorka. It was released on July 11 2006 by Red House Records and debuted at number one on the Folk Music Radio Airplay Chart. One departure from previous recordings is the inclusion of a couple of cover songs that blend nicely with Gorka's own compositions.
 All Change is the debut album by the English band Cast released in 1995.It became the highest selling debut album in the history of the label Polydor.
 Thunder + Lightning is American band Modey Lemon's second album and the last to be recorded without Jason Kirker in the band as he was asked to join shortly after he produced this album.
 Juliana Hatfield is an album of covers by alternative rock artist Juliana Hatfield. The album was released on August 28 2012 with funding raised by fans through Hatfield's second PledgeMusic drive. 10% of the funding past the goal amount went to IMPACT Boston which offers personal safety and self-defense courses.The album features a variety of tracks from Creedence Clearwater Revival Liz Phair Electric Light Orchestra Ryan Adams Led Zeppelin and I Blame Coco.
 We Have Arrived is the debut studio album by thrash metal band Dark Angel released in March 1985.We Have Arrived has been reissued at least two times. In 1986 it was re-released by the French recording label Axe Killer in a 2000 number limited edition. It was then re-released once again in 1997 by Axe Killer. The label attached to the plastic wrap says that this is a remastered edition but there is no indication of it in the booklet.
 Domingo (Sunday in Portuguese) is Caetano Veloso's and Gal Costa's debut album released in 1967. The album features seven original compositions (all by Caetano) one partnership with Torquato Neto and four other interpretations (two by Gilberto Gil and Torquato Neto one by Edu Lobo and one by Sidney Miller). Domingo had a revival in 2006 with remastered re-release (pictured) by Charles Gavin.
 Making Contact is the eleventh studio album released by the British hard rock band UFO the first album without founder bassist Pete Way.
 Playmate of the Year is the third studio album released by American punk rock band Zebrahead it is also their final album released via Columbia Records.The woman modelling on the album cover is American model and actress Jodi Ann Paterson who was a Playboy Playmate in 1999 and named Playmate of the Year in 2000 of which the album refers to. The album cover and its CD case content also closely resembles the album cover and CD case content of the band's follow-up release Stupid Fat Americans.
 The New Black is the fifth and final album by Canadian heavy metal band Strapping Young Lad. It was released on July 11 2006 debuting at No. 200 on the Billboard charts. A music video was shot for the album's sole single Wrong Side and another video done in CGI was made for Almost Again which was not a single.
 Cuidaré de Ti (English: I'll Take Care of You) is the fourth album of the Colombian christian singer Alex Campos released on July 29 2008 by CanZion Group LP. This album is based mostly on God talking to you through songs and God giving you hope. It is a rock type of album different from his previous albums.
 The Winter Wake is the third studio album by Italian folk/power metal band Elvenking. It features the return of original vocalist Damnagoras and the departure of guitarist Jarpen. The lyrical content of the album centers around fantasy folklore fairy tales and feeling alone and being an outsider or an outcast as well as hints at the music industry with songs such as the Skyclad cover Penny Dreadful.
 Happy Feet is the lyrical soundtrack album from the 2006 animated film Happy Feet. As of March 2007 the OST has sold over 272627 copies in the US.
 Rolabogan is the first and only album by Argentine pop group Rolabogan released in 2006 (see 2006 in music). All songs were used as soundtracks for telenovela El Refugio (de los Sueños) starring group members Piru Sáez Belén Scalella María Fernanda Neil Francisco Bass and Jorge Maggio. Bailo No Voy a Parar Motivos and Cada Puesta al Sol were released as singles. Rolabogan has not since released a new album.
 Thy Kingdom Come is the fifth studio album by West Coast hip hop artist King Tee. It was released in 2002 on Greedy Green Entertainment and Mo Beatz. The album was originally titled The Kingdom Come and was slated for a release on June 30 1998 on Aftermath Entertainment. The 2002 release contains all of the same tracks as the 1998 version except 2 tracks. The 1998 version was to be King Tee's first release of new material in three years after allying with Dr.
 Le Noël de Roch Voisine is a 2004 Christmas album of the Canadian singer Roch Voisine.The album was released initially as Le Noël de Roch Voisine in November 2004 containing 12 tracks. It was also made available on RV International label on a joint CD and DVD package on 9 November 2004 under the amended title Le Noël de Roch dropping Voisine from the title.This album should not be confused with his earlier and far more successful 2000 Christmas album L'album de Noël.
 Disturbia: Original Motion Picture Score is a score to the film of the same name directed by D. J. Caruso. It is composed by Geoff Zanelli conducted by Bruce Fowler and produced by Skip Williamson. It was released on July 10 2007 in the United States and Canada by Lakeshore Records.
 Master-View is the second studio album by Hexstatic. The CD version of the album includes 2 discs - a CD and a DVD.
 Acid Mothers Temple & the Melting Paraiso U.F.O is an album by the artists of the same name released in 1997 by P.S.F. Records.The album was recorded at Acid Mothers Temple from 1995 to 1997.
 This is Japanimetal Marathon is an internationally released album by Japanese novelty heavy metal band Animetal. The album consists mainly of Animetal Marathon mixed with select tracks from the band's singles along with those of Animetal Lady. Each track is labeled by the anime/tokusatsu title they come from not by their original song title. Makafushigi Adventure! (from Dragon Ball) is an exclusive track not found in Animetal's other releases.
 Under the Radar is the third studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Daniel Powter and follows his 2005 self-titled second album. The album was released in September 2008 in Europe and was later released in North America in 2009. The song Next Plane Home was released as the first single of the album. It was followed by Best of Me and then Whole World Around.
 Guru 8.0: Lost & Found is the fourth album Guru released through 7 Grand Records. It was Guru's final commercial release before his death in 2010.
 Accelerated Evolution is the sixth studio album by Canadian musician Devin Townsend released in 2003. The album written and produced by Townsend was a mix of musical styles from alternative and hard rock to progressive metal. Townsend the lead vocalist and guitarist assembled a group of Vancouver musicians to perform with him on the album: guitarist Brian Waddell drummer Ryan Van Poederooyen bassist Mike Young and keyboardist Dave Young.
 Fishin' for Woos is the eleventh studio album released by pop punk band Bowling for Soup. The album was released on Que-so Records/Brando Records in the United Kingdom on April 25 2011 and worldwide on April 26 2011.
 The Cosmic Scene is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington featuring a nonet credited as Duke Ellington's Spacemen recorded and released on the Columbia label in 1958. It was reissued by Mosaic Records in 2007.
 SM*SH is the first studio album by Indonesian boyband SM*SH released in Jakarta on June 26 2011. The first album Sm*sh this time titled as the group name of his own boy band (self titled) where the release is the inaugural concert by Sm*sh held at Kelapa Gading which aired on national private television station SCTV exclusively.
 Bohemia – Remixes & Exclusives is an album consisting of the original tracks from the previous Ils release Bohemia and remixes and exclusives.
 Damned Damned Damned is the debut studio album by English punk rock band The Damned. It was released on 18 February 1977 through record label Stiff. Produced by Nick Lowe Damned Damned Damned is the first full-length album released by a UK punk group.Damned Damned Damned and its singles failed to chart in the US. The album receives very high praise from modern day critics with Ned Raggett of Allmusic commenting that the record is a stone classic of rock & roll fire.
 Zeitgeist: The Spirit Of The Age is the fourth album by underground hip hop group The Lost Children of Babylon released November 30 2010 on Soul Kid Records. The albums theme is focused on the New World order and Illuminati. It was also released October 19th on iTunes. The package comes with a Zeitgeist bonus DVD a download card for the instrumentals and a free mixtape.
 Ethiopian Knights is an album by American trumpeter Donald Byrd featuring performances by Byrd with Thurman Green Harold Land Bobby Hutcherson and Joe Sample recorded and released on the Blue Note label in 1971.
 Kak Prekrasen Etot Mir (What a wonderful world) is an EP by Russian rock band Vesyolye Rebyata.
 Breathing and Not Breathing is a compilation album by experimental indie rock group Supreme Dicks released October 18 2011. The album comprises the band's previous albums in chronological order as well as five previously unreleased songs listed as the last five songs on disc 4.
 Silencer is a 2006 acoustic album by American singer-songwriter Blake Morgan. It features Morgan on vocals and piano performing acoustic versions of both new and older material dating back to 1996. A cover of No Surprises by Radiohead was also released as a digital bonus track.
 Le Secret is an EP by French musician Alcest. It was released in May 2005 through Drakkar Productions. Unlike Alcest's previous release all of the music on Le Secret is performed by Neige. The lyrics to the track Élévation come from a poem by Charles Baudelaire.
 The Rhumb Line is the debut LP for the Syracuse-based indie rock band Ra Ra Riot. Recorded in late 2007 with Ryan Hadlock in Woodinville WA the band released their debut album on August 19 2008 through Seattle-based indie label Barsuk Records. The album peaked at #109 on the Billboard 200. This album was ranked as the 38th best album of 2008 by Rolling Stone.
 Swanlike is the first album by German progressive metal band Dark Suns. It is their only album to employ death vocals. It was originally self-released but on February 21 2005 it was re-released through Prophecy Productions with a bonus track. The bonus track Suffering was a rewritten version of the band's 1999 demo Suffering the Psychopathic Results of Daily Blasphemy.
 Playlist: The Very Best of Suicidal Tendencies is a best-of compilation album released on Sony Legacy featuring a collection of Suicidal Tendencies' music with the label (as such material from their first two albums and post-1993 releases are not included; however their 1994 album Suicidal for Life was a Sony release).
 Black Light District (2002) is a mini-album by the Dutch rock band The Gathering.. It was first made available as an internet-only release on 2002-06-24 and officially went in distribution on 2002-09-16. The EP marks a 12½ year anniversary of the band and also the end of their five album contract with Century Media Records.
 This article concerns a musical album. For the magician see Sim Sala Bim.Simsalabim is the second album by stoner rock quartet The Mushroom River Band. It was released in 2002 and contains ten tracks.
 On the Verge of Destruction 1992.1.7 Tokyo Dome Live (also known as Visual Shock Vol. 4) is a live VHS/LD released by X Japan on November 1 1992. It contains the band's performance at the Tokyo Dome on January 7 1992 the last with Taiji Sawada on bass. The video was re-released on DVD on September 25 2001 there is also a two-CD version of the same name.
 Hard Workin' Man was the second album released by country duo Brooks & Dunn. Like its predecessor this album had a string of top 5 hits (on the US Hot Country chart). Its singles were Hard Workin' Man (#4) Rock My World (Little Country Girl) (#2) She Used To Be Mine (#1) We'll Burn That Bridge (#2) and That Ain't No Way To Go (#1). The album also featured a remixed dance version of the Number One hit Boot Scootin' Boogie which originally appeared on Brand New Man.
 The Last Blues Album Vol. 1 is a jazz album recorded by Buddy Rich and released on the Groove Merchant Record label in 1974.
 Talk Like Blood is the fifth full-length album by 31knots. It was released on October 11 2005 by Polyvinyl Records in the US and by Own Records in Europe.
 Fake History is the second album by Los Angeles band Letlive. and the first written and recorded with Jason Aalon Butler (lead vocals) Jean Nascimento (guitar) Jeff Sahyoun (guitar) Ryan Jay Johnson (bass guitar) and Anthony Rivera (drums).
 Killers is the second compilation album by American hard rock group Kiss. It was released only outside the US but quickly became available as an import. Of the album's twelve songs four were new compositions recorded specifically for it: I'm a Legend Tonight Down on Your Knees Nowhere to Run and Partners in Crime. These new songs were recorded at the behest of Phonogram Records in response to the commercial failure of 1981's Music from The Elder.
 After Here Through Midland is the second album by Cock Robin and was released in 1987. Again it was a big success in continental Europe as their first eponymous album reaching the Top 10 but was largely ignored in the United States where the album reached only #166 in the Billboard 200. The single Just Around the Corner proved to be the biggest hit in Europe and it remains a staple on adult contemporary and pop music stations in France.
 Remembrance is an album from jazz drummer Elvin Jones recorded on February 3 4 and 5 1978 and released on MPS Records in 1978.
 20th Century Masters – The Millennium Collection: The Best of Rainbow is a compilation album released by Rainbow. Released on October 3 2000. The tracks were recorded between 1975–1983 before Rainbow disbanded in 1984.
 Trash is the first full-length album by Japanese hardcore punk group The Stalin released on December 24 1981.Full album released from political records that is independent music label for the first time as The Stalin.
 Thank You TRR50 is a 2004 compilation album by Temporary Residence Limited to celebrate their 50th release.
 Built to Last is the fifth studio album by Canadian rapper Maestro released December 9 1998 on Attic Records. It was his first album released exclusively in Canada. Before its release he shortened his alias Maestro Fresh-Wes to simply Maestro. Singles from the album include Stick to Your Vision and 416/905 (T.O. Party Anthem). It was nominated for Best Rap Recording at the 1999 Juno Awards.
 Secret Agent is an album by Chick Corea recorded and released in 1978. This album is one of three that Corea released in 1978 along with The Mad Hatter and Friends in what was called an almost impossibly active year. 1978 also featured the release of live albums An Evening With Herbie Hancock & Chick Corea: In Concert and RTF Live with Return to Forever.
 Stillborn Climax is the third album by death metal band Desecration. This album was produced under Trauma records and was the second of the band's albums to be banned on release.
 The Growly Family is an album released in 1998 by psychedelic trance artists G.M.S..
 Live In Austin TX is the first official live bootleg by American blues rock duo The Black Keys. It was published as an electronic bootleg for podcast by Austin Texas based Jumper Productions. This bootleg is derived from the 10000 piece limited Thickfreakness In Austin music DVD-video released by the same company on September 7 2004. Unlike the edited version available on the DVD this audio version is full-length.
 Americana Master Series: Best of the Sugar Hill Years is an album by American singer-songwriter Guy Clark released in 2007.
 Inside the Head of John Peel is a Man or Astro-man? double 7 EP released on Astro-Fonic Records in 1997. It was recorded during a Peel Session on March 19 1995 although the record states March 20 1995. This is a bootleg release but it is not a bootleg recording of Man or Astro-man?. It came with a jukebox label insert.
 Rise is the ninth album by American Christian rock band Skillet. It was released on June 25 2013. The deluxe edition includes three bonus tracks and a DVD entitled Awake & Live DVD. It is the first album to feature guitarist Seth Morrison.The first single off the album Sick of It was released on SoundCloud on April 8 2013 and was released on iTunes on April 9 and was released to US rock radio on April 23.
 Noise Floor (Rarities: 1998–2005) is a compilation of previously recorded but unreleased or hard-to-find songs by Bright Eyes.The compilation was released on CD and vinyl on October 24 2006 on Saddle Creek Records. The vinyl version of the album includes five extra tracks not found on the CD. Unlike the cover pictured sometimes the artwork consists of a case completely decorated in flowers there is no text on the case and the cover pictured is sometimes included over the other cover.
 Morning Constitutions is a 2007 album by American comedian Larry the Cable Guy. It was recorded at the Orpheum Theatre in Minneapolis Minnesota. It reached #1 on the Top Comedy Albums chart.
 Live In New Orleans is the first live album and fifth overall album by Bay Area-based R&B group Maze. Recorded live at Saenger Theatre in New Orleans Louisiana November 14–15 1980. With four new tracks recorded at The Automatt in San Francisco California.
 Love Will Lead the Way is the seventh album (including Christmas with The Jets) by The Jets. The album is the sixth studio album from the group. By this point not all of the original band members remained in the group. It includes all brand new songs written by The Jets.
 Satan Is Real Again or Feeling Good About Bad Thoughts released in 1996 is the second album by Country Teasers.
 Out of Hand is a 1975 honky tonk album by Country music singer Gary Stewart. The singer's second album his debut for RCA Records reached #6 on Billboard's Country Albums chart launching three charting singles Drinkin' Thing (#10) Out of Hand (#4) and She's Actin' Single (I'm Drinkin' Doubles) (#1).
 Thank You is a covers album by Duran Duran released in April 1995 their follow-up to 1993's Duran Duran (The Wedding Album). It did well on the charts (reaching number 19 on the Billboard 200) but was received very negatively by critics. In May 2006 Q magazine named it as the single worst album in the history of recorded sound.
 Hi... We're The Miracles is the first album by Motown's first group The Miracles released on Motown's Tamla subsidiary label in the summer of 1961.
 The Living Room Tapes Vol. 2 is an album by Canadian guitarist Lenny Breau and clarinetist Brad Terry released in 1990.
 Welcome is the second major label album by the rock music group Taproot. It was released on October 15 2002. Poem served as the album's lead single and became a smash hit propelling the group to stardom. A follow-up single Mine was produced and its video was directed by System of a Down bassist Shavo Odadjian.
 Silence Yourself is the debut studio album by the English post-punk band Savages released on 6 May 2013 on Matador Records and Pop Noire a label owned by vocalist Jehnny Beth.
 Growin' Up is the eleventh regular studio album by European-American pop group The Kelly Family. Based on concept by Dan Kelly it was co-produced by Kathy and Paddy Kelly and released in 1997 (see 1997 in music) throughout most of Europe.
 The Faces I've Been is a posthumous double album by Jim Croce released in 1975. The album was designed to show Croce's artistic development. The tracklisting is chronological and the liner notes describe each period of Croce's career. Side one includes 1961-64 The Spires and 1964-67 Facets. The Spires are a folk singing group affiliated with the Villanova Singers. The first two tracks are from an album released by Villanova and the third is a live concert recording from the period.
 Sickness and Misery is an album by God Forbid. It is a combination of their first album Reject the Sickness and their first EP Out of Misery.
 Community is a tribute album dedicated to the work of Ian Curtis Gillian Gilbert Peter Hook Stephen Morris and Bernard Sumner of the bands New Order and Joy Division that was released in 2004.
 An Anthology is a compilation of recordings featuring guitarist Duane Allman. The double album consists of a selection of songs that Allman contributed to from early work with his partial-namesake group The Allman Brothers Band to rare solo work.
 Double Seven is an album by The Upsetters.
 The Gold Record is the seventh full-length album from The Bouncing Souls. It was released on June 6 2006 which the band deemed 'the number of the release' and also deemed the album 'the release of the beast'. This is due to its release date (6/6/06) the fact that it is their sixth album of previously unreleased material and in reference to the number of the beast (666).
 The Way Back Home is the third studio album by the American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 1987 on RCA Nashville and it produced four chart singles on the Billboard country charts. In order of release these were Cinderella (#5) Let's Do Something (#16) Everybody's Sweetheart (#11) and The Radio (#39). After the final single Gill leftd RCA's roster in favor of MCA Nashville where in 1989 he released his fourth album When I Call Your Name.
 Swisher is the second studio album by electronic duo Blondes. It was released in August 2013 on RVNG Intl.
 Private Party is the 7th studio album by Freddie Jackson released in 1995 (see 1995 in music) on Scotti Bros. Records. Private Party includes Top 25 R&B single Rub Up Against You produced by Gerald Levert and Edwin Nicholas.
 Light Up the World is the fifth album by Desperation Band and the first studio recorded album at New Life Church. In a special partnership with Heartwork Uganda this album is dedicated to being a source of mission preparation and funding for the building of orphanages in Uganda.
 Perfecting Loneliness is the third and final album by American indie band Jets to Brazil released October 15 2002 on Jade Tree Records.
 The Art(e) of Romance is the fifth studio album of Argentinan melodic hardcore band Fun People issued by Ugly Records in April 1999.
 Slugs & Bugs & Lullabies is a joint album by American singer-songwriter Andrew Peterson and his friend and collaborator Randall Goodgame released in 2006. It is the eighth album of Petersen and consists of 18 original songs. You Can Always Come Home was featured on the Veggie Tales' The Wonderful Wizard of Ha's (2007). The CD contains a hidden track before track 1. Seek to track one and rewind to listen.
 Legions of War is a compilation album by the Norwegian black metal band Mayhem. It contains both Grand Declaration of War (on Disc 1) and European Legions (on Disc 2).
 Punch-Drunk Love is the 2002 soundtrack album featuring music composed by Jon Brion for the film of the same name. The album includes the song He Needs Me from the 1980 Robert Altman movie Popeye. The soundtrack received an enthusiastic review from classical music critic Greg Sandow.Brion provides main vocals (in addition to playing most of the instruments) in the song Here We Go.
 Technicolor is the second album released by the gospel musical group Parachute Band. Released on October 14 2008 the album features 11 new tracks based around the concept that God’s living water equals life in all its color. Technicolor debuted at #10 on the U.S. Christian/Gospel charts.[citation needed]The album would later peak at #6 on the NZ album charts after the Parachute Music festival in January 2009.
 (the rest of) New Order or The Rest of New Order is a remix album by New Order released in August 1995 by Qwest/London Records.
 Lisa Dal Bello is a self-titled album from Canadian musician Dalbello. It was released in 1977 and began Dalbello's debut at the age of 17. The album was produced by David Foster and won the Juno Award for Most Promising Female Vocalist.
 Wiped Out is the second full-length album by the British heavy metal band Raven released in 1982.
 Two Thousand and Ten Injuries is the third studio album from Swedish indie-pop group Love Is All.
 No New York is a compilation album released in 1978 by Antilles Records under the curation of producer Brian Eno. Although it only contained songs by four different artists it is considered by many to be the definitive single album documenting New York City's late-1970s no wave movement.
 Reproduction is the debut album released by British synthpop group The Human League. The album was released in October 1979 through Virgin Records.
 North Star is a studio album by Curved Air and was released on 17 March 2014. It was the first studio album of mostly new material since the band reformed in 2008.
 Ram is a studio album by recording artists Paul and Linda McCartney released in May 1971 on Apple Records. The album was recorded amid Paul McCartney's legal action in Britain's High Court to dissolve the Beatles' partnership following their break-up the year before. The only album credited to the couple Ram was the second of two albums that McCartney released between quitting the Beatles and forming his own band Wings.
 Stepping Stones: Live at the Village Vanguard is a live album led by trumpeter Woody Shaw which was recorded at the Village Vanguard in 1978 and released on the Columbia label.Stepping Stones: Live at the Village Vanguard was reissued by Legacy Recordings in 2005. The re-release was produced by Shaw's producer Michael Cuscuna and Shaw's son Woody Louis Armstrong Shaw III both of whom contributed new liner notes along with Shaw's long-time trombonist Steve Turre.
 Alcanzar una estrella II (Album) is the second soundtrack album from the telenovela Alcanzar una estrella II released by Discos Melody.
 Music of Old Adriatic is a vinyl album by Ensemble Renaissance released in 1984 on the PGP RTB label. It is their first album with early music of Dalmatia and Adriatic and their second album overall.The A side of the record deals with the composers who were born on the territory of modern Dalmatia in the parts which were Venetian at the time such as Andrea Antico Franciscus Bossinensis and Giacomo Gorzanis .
 Mechanics of Dysfunction is the first full-length album by Canadian death metal band Beneath the Massacre. It was released on February 20 2007 through Prosthetic Records.
 Going Inside is the second EP by John Frusciante released on March 5 2001 (Frusciante's 31st birthday.) The tracks Time Is Nothing and The Last Hymn are B-sides from To Record Only Water for Ten Days although Time Is Nothing can also be found on the leaked demos of To Record Only Water for Ten Days. So Would Have I and Beginning Again are present on the downloadable album From the Sounds Inside.
 Running on Ice was the second album by Vertical Horizon released independently in 1995 and later re-released by RCA. It was produced by John Alagia (John Mayer Dave Matthews Band) Doug Derryberry and Matt Scannell. Though still technically a duo and acoustic based Running On Ice featured many guest musicians (most notably Carter Beauford of the Dave Matthews Band on drums) giving the album more of a full band sound. Derryberry also contributed keyboards and vocals.
 Hilary Duff: The Concert – The Girl Can Rock commonly referred to as simply The Girl Can Rock is the first live video album by American recording artist Hilary Duff released on August 10 2004 by Hollywood Records. It contains her full concert and the music video for her single Come Clean. Some special features of the DVD include Duff's appearance with Ryan Seacrest and her getting her first surfing lesson.
 Thrasher Shiver is the self-titled album by the American country music duo Thrasher Shiver which was composed of singer-songwriters Neil Thrasher and Kelly Shiver. Their only album it was issued in 1996 on Asylum Records. Two singles were released from it: Goin' Goin' Gone and Be Honest which respectively reached #65 and #49 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.
 The Courtesy Of Stars is an EP released by My American Heart in 2002.
 Hello subtitled ...x is the second album by Californian singer-songwriter Tristan Prettyman. It was released on April 15 2008 by Virgin Records America.
 That's How a Heartache Begins is a 1964 compilation album consisting of songs recorded by American country music singer Patsy Cline. The album was released by Decca Records on November 2 1964.
 Intimacy is an album released by Bruce Roberts in 1995. It featured musical and vocal contributions by many notable artists.
 El Inferno is the fourth studio album by the Spanish alternative metal band Hamlet. Musically the album is similar to ;;Insomnio but the lyrics are more personal.[citation needed]
 Fuel Of The Celebration is a remix EP by Snowden that was released in 2007. Just like the Black Eyes remix EP it was a self released and distributed on the internet. The band also sold CD copies while touring with Malajube.
 Ode to Io is the only full-length album from Lowrider released on Meteor City.Controversial upon its release for its dangerous similarity to stoner rock godfathers Kyuss it has since developed a strong cult following after the band disbanded in 2003. Currently it is out of print.
 This article describes an album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 23 The Superhit Collection or Now 23 was released in 1997. The album is the 23rd edition of the South African Now! series.
 Girl Of Your Dreams is the second record from country music singer-songwriter Bobbie Cryner. It was her first album on MCA Records.This disc does share some similarities with the first record; mainly that of the 10 songs three are self-penned two are co-written and the others are from outside songwriters. It's also notable for her cover of the classic Son of a Preacher Man.The album featured another three singles.
 Dansere is an album by Jan Garbarek. The album was recorded in November 1975 and features the Bobo Stenson Quartet.
 Kuruption! is the debut studio album by rapper Kurupt. It was released on Antra Records a label formed after Kurupt left Death Row Records. It was released as a double album. Disc one is labeled as West Coast and disc two is labeled as East Coast. It peaked at #8 on the Billboard 200 on October 24 1998. The album features Ask Yourself a Question featuring Dr. Dre who also appeared in the video and the single We Can Freak It.
 Aria is the seventeenth album released by Gianna Nannini in 2002. It reached number 7 on the Italian album chart and number 29 on the album chart in Switzerland.
 Raw Treasures Volume 1: 2000–2005 is an album of Sweetbox with Jade Villalon as frontwoman containing demo version of well-known Sweetbox songs as well as previously unreleased songs. This album contains songs that have not been finally produced in the studio. The album also has 6 spoken introductions by Jade as well as songs from the time she was in the girl group Gemstone along with actress Christina Vidal who also contributes vocals to the tracks.
 The Root of All Evil is a Japan-only EP release by the all-female tribute band The Iron Maidens.
 Micah P. Hinson and the Opera Circuit is an album by Micah P. Hinson released in 2006.
 K.R.I.T. Wuz Here is the sixth mixtape by American rapper Big K.R.I.T.. It was released on May 3 2010. The album features guest appearances from Curren$y Wiz Khalifa Devin the Dude Big Sant and Smoke DZA.
 Sun Down / Sun Rise is the fifth release by Jesu.The EP was released on 12 colored vinyl in two limited formats through Aurora Borealis Records on April 23 2007. The EP had seen a prior release as a bonus CD appended to the Japanese version of Conqueror issued via Daymare. It has subsequently seen a second pressing via Aurora Borealis and Hydra Head in different colors.
 Live at Planet Rock Xmas Party is the first of a series of 'official bootlegs' by Northern Irish rock band The Answer. It was recorded live at the Islington Academy in London on 11 December 2007 for the radio station Planet Rock. During the concert Paul Rodgers joined the band on stage to sing two Free songs I'm a Mover and The Hunter with the band. The CD was limited to 1500 copies only and was only available for purchase at the band's website and live concerts.
 Jazz ist anders (Jazz is Different) is Die Ärzte's eleventh full-length studio album since Debil. It was released on 2 November 2007. The album has a bonus-EP with three songs about Die Ärzte and a hidden track. This is the first album after Debil that Die Ärzte produced alone. The cover is a reference to the most consumed food during their studio sessions - pizza.
 The Ultimate is an album by American jazz drummer Elvin Jones recorded in 1968 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Maxeen is a self-titled pop punk album put out in 2003 by the band Maxeen
 Anthems is a compilation by the Slovenian industrial music group Laibach. It was released in 2004 as a double album. The first CD contains a collection of Laibach's best tracks throughout the years while the second disc accommodates remixes of Laibach songs by different artists. Besides the CDs the Anthems box also contains a 44 page booklet with a history of Laibach plus several paintings and photographs by and of the band.
 Oh Boy! is the third album released by pop group Brotherhood of Man. It was released in 1977 and featured the UK top 10 hit Oh Boy (The Mood I'm In). It was released earlier in some European countries as Midnight Express.
 Britney Spears Live from Las Vegas is the fourth video album by American recording artist Britney Spears released on January 22 2002. Recorded during Spears' 2001-2002 Dream Within a Dream Tour at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in a special Las Vegas concert originally broadcast on HBO Spears performed 16 songs in between dance routines and costume changes.
 Let the Four Winds Blow was Tenpole Tudor's second album and the follow-up to Eddie Old Bob Dick and Gary. Despite featuring the minor hit Throwing My Baby Out With the Bath Water (#49 in November 1981) the album and the follow-up single (the title track Let the Four Winds Blow) both failed to chart. It would be 27 years before the next album Made it this Far would be released.
 Action Ornaments is a 1997 album by Trumans Water released by the Runt Records label. It features guest appearances by Azalia Snail (on tracks 4 and 8) and Chan Marshall (on track 12).
 Messages is the debut studio album by English singer and musician Steve Swindells released in 1974 (see 1974 in music). Produced by his manager Mark Edwards Swindells felt the production poor despite the presence of quality musicians. A follow up album Swallows was recorded mastered and test pressings manufactured but Edwards had blown Steve’s deal with RCA by sweeping everything off the managing director’s desk with his umbrella in a drunken/druggy rage.
 Sacrificial Lambz is the eleventh studio album by Esham. Released in 2008 it is his first album since reviving Reel Life Productions and leaving Psychopathic Records.
 Close Your Eyes is the debut studio album by jazz singer Stacey Kent. It was released in 1997 by Candid Records.This was Kent's debut album it was produced by Alan Bates and features her husband tenor saxophonist Jim Tomlinson. Kent celebrated the release of Close your Eyes with a performance at the Birdland jazz club in New York City in September 1997.
 Weekend in Monaco is the sixth album by the American Jazz group The Rippingtons released in 1992 for the GRP label. The album reached #2 on Billboard's contemporary Jazz chart.
 Phezulu Emafini was the ninth studio release by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo. The album released in 1977 is composed entirely of Zulu Christian religious compositions by composer director and lead singer Joseph Shabalala.
 Swimmeret was the debut album of Espadrille whose members were Alice Cohen (formerly of The Vels and Die Monster Die) instrumentalist Bill Miller and drummer John Flack.Swimmeret was issued in 2001 under the Spare Me Records label.
 H2O is the title of the first album released by H2O. It was released on June 25 1996. The CD was recorded and mixed in 3 days. H2O did a video for Family Tree in the fall of 1996.
 Dragon Ball: Saikyō e no Michi Original Soundtrack (ドラゴンボール最強への道オリジナルサウンドトラック Doragon Bōru Saikyō e no Michi Orijinaru Saundotorakku Dragon Ball: Road of The Mightiest) is the official licensed soundtrack of 10th anniversary Dragon Ball movie by the same name (The Path to Power in Funimation dub.). It was released by Columbia Records on March 23 1996 in Japan only.
 Another Son was the second full-length album and final recording by Four to the Bar released in 1995.The album was a radical departure from their first 1994's Craic on the Road. The band is listed as producing the album. Engineer Tim Hatfield has also been credited with playing a significant role in the success of the record.
 Choose Life is a 1985 album by Debby Boone.Most of the songs on this album were written by Michael and Stormie Omartian; the former also produced the album. The album peaked on the Top Contemporary Christian charts at #7.
 Hannah Georgas is the second studio album by Vancouver based artist Hannah Georgas. Produced by Graham Walsh of the Canadian electronic band Holy Fuck it was released by Dine Alone Records on October 2 2012.The album won Pop Recording of the Year at the Western Canadian Music Awards in 2013.
 Rescátame is a Spanish album released by the Christian rock group Seventh Day Slumber. The album features Spanish versions of songs from their previous three albums with BEC Recordings.
 Autumn of Their Years is a compilation album by American rock band The Beau Brummels. It was released in 1994 by Big Beat Records and re-released in 2003 by Ace Records. The album consists of 26 songs recorded by the band during their stint at Autumn Records including previously unreleased demos and outtakes.
 Mac & Cheese 3 is a mixtape by American rapper French Montana it was released on November 19 2012.The mixtape features guest appearances from Diddy Red Cafe MGK Los Future Chinx Drugz Ma$e Rico Love Fat Joe Wale Mac Miller Curren$y J. Cole Rick Ross Trina Prodigy Fabolous Tyga and Ace Hood.
 Stand Your Ground is the sixth solo album (and second under the banner of 'Mike Tramp & The Rock 'N' Roll Circuz') by former Freak of Nature and current White Lion lead singer Mike Tramp.Released on the 28th March 2011 the album was recorded virtually live in Medley Studios in Copenhagen and co-produced by Søren Andersen and Mike Tramp. It was mixed by Jacob Hansen who is known for his work with bands such as Volbeat Surfact and others.
 New Beginning of Girls' Generation is the second music DVD release from South Korean girl group Girls' Generation. It was released on August 11 2010 in Japan.
 Red House Painters (also known as Bridge or Red House Painters II to distinguish it from the first eponymous album also known as Rollercoaster or Red House Painters I) is the third album by the group Red House Painters released in autumn 1993 by 4AD. The album is made up of songs from the same recording sessions for Rollercoaster.At the beginning of the album opener Evil the faint laughter of Mark Kozelek and the barely audible voice of a female playfully saying No can be heard.
 Verses of Steel is the twelfth album by the Polish thrash metal band Acid Drinkers. It was released on July 7 in Poland through Mystic Production. The album was recorded from March to April 2008 (drums & vocals were recorded at the Perlazza studio in Opalenica while guitar & bass were recorded at Jet studio in Nowy Dwór). It was mixed at Chimp Studio London and Tower Studio Wrocław. The cover art was created by Mentalporn.com and fotos by Paulina Mencel.
 Legacy is the debut album from underground hip hop artist Akir. It was released on March 20 2006 on Viper Records. Guest performers on the album include Immortal Technique and Jean Grae. Producers include SouthPaw Akir and Apex and the album was executive produced by Immortal Technique. Politricks was released as a single on July 22 2005.
 Asamoy or Asomoy (2000) is a Bengali song album of Anjan Dutt. This album was manufactured and marketed by Saregama. This album had songs like Asamoy Chhotoder Chhotto Gaan Shitkaaler Chithi.
 God Is Abundant is the twenty second studio album by American country music artist Connie Smith. The album was released in November 1973 on Columbia Records and was produced by George Richey. It was Smith's first album of Gospel music for the Columbia and her fourth Gospel album overall.
 The Sun Will Find Us is the second album by Canadian singer-songwriter Kate Maki released in 2004. The album was released independently with distribution by Outside Music.Guest musicians on the album include Nathan Lawr Dale Murray Ruth Minnikin and Ryan Bishops.The song To Get Across was featured in the film Weirdsville from 2007 and also in Episode 6 of the television series Hard Rock Medical from 2013.
 Black Sheep is the debut studio album by American sibling duo Nat & Alex Wolff released on October 11 2011 by Saddleup Records. Looking to recreate the sound from their previous band releases the Wolffs strived to create a more mature rock sound.
 Scenario IV: Dread Dreams is an album by the band Sigh. It was released by Cacophonous Records originally in 1999.This album shows the traits of Sigh continuing to explore their more well known Avantgarde/Experimental sound. An example would be on Black Curse where Sigh have a standard black metal sound that eventually part way through turns into a mild funk riff and a country guitar sound.
 Lifegiver is the fourth album released by Christian rock group Hyper Static Union on May 2 2006. It is the first album by Hyper Static Union to be released on a record label. It was originally released on Consuming Fire Productions and RKT Music and later released on Sony. The song Praying for Sunny Days was the ninth most played song of 2006 on CHR radio and the most played new artist for CHR in 2006.
 Rock 'n' Roll Will Never Die is a studio album by recording artist Wesley Willis. It was released on 20 February 1996 by Oglio Records. It was the first of Willis' to be released on that label.
 Population Me is an album by Dwight Yoakam. It was released in June 2003. The album spawned two singles The Back Of Your Hand and The Late Great Golden State. Another featured song is If Teardrops Were Diamonds a duet with country music legend Willie Nelson. The Back of Your Hand was featured in the third-season finale of the FX cop drama The Shield. Trains and Boats and Planes is a cover of a frequently recorded song co-written by Burt Bacharach and Hal David.
 Silver Sun is a 2012 album by the Japanese rock band Nothing's Carved in Stone released on August 15 2012.
 Streamline is the fourth studio album by drummer Lenny White released in 1978 through Elektra Records and reissued in 2002 through Wounded Bird Records.
 Facing New York is the first full-length release by San Francisco progressive indie rock band Facing New York. It was produced and mixed by Facing New York and Scott Llamas. It was recorded in spring 2005 at PopSmear Studios in San Rafael CA and harddrive analog and digital in North Hollywood CA. In order to duplicate the energy of their stage performance the band recorded the most parts live in the studio. According to the Five One Inc.
 It Takes People Like You to Make People Like Me (or simply It Takes People Like You) is an album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos released in 1968.It was re-released on CD in 1997 by Sundazed Records with two bonus tracks including the mono single version of the title track.
 Meltdown is the third album by avant-rock experimental power trio Massacre. The line-up for this album featured Fred Frith (guitar) Bill Laswell (bass guitar) and Charles Hayward (drums). It was recorded live at Robert Wyatt's 2001 Meltdown Festival in the Queen Elizabeth Hall London on June 17 2001.
 Dr Manhattan is an alternative rock album recorded by American band Dr Manhattan and released on March 11 2008 by Vagrant Records. The first single off this record is Big Chomper Big Chomper. The song's music video premiered on MTVu on August 25 2008.
 On Stage and in the Movies Dionne Warwick's seventh album for Scepter Records was recorded and released in 1967. The LP was issued as number 559 in the Scepter Catalog.
 Storyteller – The Complete Anthology: 1964–1990 often referred to as The Storyteller Anthology or simply Storyteller is a 4-disc compilation released by Rod Stewart in November 1989 (see 1989 in music). It was released by Warner Bros. Records (WEA 9 25987-2) and contains sixty-four tracks. Five of the tracks had never before been released.
 Rattus Norvegicus (alternative title The Stranglers IV) is the debut studio album by The Stranglers released on 17 April 1977. The album was originally to be entitled Dead on Arrival but was changed at the last minute. It was one of the highest-selling albums of the post-punk era in Britain eventually achieving platinum record sales.The album's title is the taxonomic name for the common Brown Rat.
 El libro de recuerdos is a repackaging of the albums Matter Has A Breaking Point & Missing You Dearly by indie rock band Twothirtyeight.
 Gold Vol. 1 is a compilation of Céline Dion's early French recordings. It was released on October 16 1995 in France and February 1996 in other selected countries.
 Field Songs is the fifth solo album by Mark Lanegan released in 2001 on the Beggars Banquet label.The two largest instrumental contributors are Mike Johnson and Ben Shepherd. The album also features Duff McKagan of Velvet Revolver (ex-Guns N' Roses) as well as Lanegan's ex-wife Wendy Rae Fowler.The album represents a departure of sorts for the singer.
 Varuna is the debut album by the Long Island indie rock band The Republic of Wolves. It was originally released on iTunes and physically on their web store on November 30 2010. It has also been released on vinyl record by Simple Stereo. The album was recorded mixed and mastered by guitarist/vocalist Gregg Andrew DellaRocca at his home studio and was produced by the band members themselves.
 Lost and Found is a compilation album put together by founding members of The Detroit Cobras originally licensed to Sympathy for the Record Industry in 2004 but never released. Complications arose between current and former members and the project was scrapped later to be released as The Original Recordings (Singles and Unreleased 1995-1997) by Munster Records in Spain.
 Ain't Supposed To Die A Natural Death is a 1971 album by Melvin Van Peebles featuring mostly spoken word poetry over music written by Van Peebles. Some of its material was used in later projects such as Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song and the stage musical with the same title Ain't Supposed to Die a Natural Death. Note that this is an album of original material not to be confused with the soundtrack LP released for the musical itself.
 Whatever is the second album by Green Velvet. On this album GV experiments with a darker industrial style and has lyrics based on racism drug use and why his style is more than a phase. This album was more noticed in Europe spawning the hits La La Land and Genedefekt.
 Full Sail is a second album by the progressive bluegrass band Chesapeake. The band combines folk pop and country music on this album and most of the tracks include also drums played by Pat McInerney.
 PROFILE -too early to tell- is an album by Japanese singer/pianist Misako Odani released on February 21 1997 with the MCA Victor label. It was Misako's first full-length album and she wrote all the songs and lyrics.Track 7 later appeared on the compilation album FM802 HEAVY ROTATIONS J-HITS COMPLETE '96-'99.
 Alisha Rules the World is the debut album of British duo Alisha's Attic released on 11 November 1996. The album received positive reviews and went platinum in the following year. It sold 400000 copies in the UK (with another 100000 in Japan) and the four singles all went into the top twenty in the British charts.
 I'm Already There is the fourth album released by American country music band Lonestar. Released in 2001 on BNA Records (see 2001 in country music) the album was certified platinum by the RIAA for sales of one million copies.Serving as singles from this album were the title track (which spent six weeks at Number One on the Hot Country Songs charts) Not a Day Goes By (#3 on Hot Country Songs) With Me (#10) and Unusually Unusual (#12).
 The Sun Never Sets is the third album by Australian hip hop band The Herd and was released on 3 October 2005.The album was selected as the Triple J and 2SER 'Album of the Week' and was nominated for the inaugural Triple J - J Award for Australian Album of the year.The album debuted at #3 on the AIR independent album charts.In October 2005 The Herd performed a cover of Redgum’s classic anti-war song I Was Only 19 on Triple J’s ‘Like a Version’ radio program.
 Memoirs of a Curb Server is the seventh studio album by American rapper J. Stalin released on July 10 2012 via Town Thizzness & INgrooves. It peaked at #54 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart #16 on the Heatseekers Albums chart and at the top spot on the Top Heatseekers Pacific chart making it J. Stalin's most successful album to date. It is also the most successful album for the INgrooves imprint founded in 2005.
 Los Triunfadores is the fourth studio album released by Los Bukis in 1979.
 Fingerlings is a live album by Andrew Bird released in 2002.
 So Amazin' is the third studio album by American singer Christina Milian. The album her first studio release since 2004's It's About Time was released by Island Records on May 16 2006 in the United States. Unlike previous records which had contributions from many producers Milian wrote and produced So Amazin' primarily with hip hop producers Cool & Dre. During production Milian was mentored by L.A.
 And I'll Scratch Yours (originally announced as I'll Scratch Yours) is a much-postponed concept album developed by British progressive rock musician Peter Gabriel. Initially slated for release in 2010 the album was released on 24 September 2013.The original concept was that And I'll Scratch Yours would serve as a companion piece to Gabriel's 2010 covers album Scratch My Back.
 All the Right Reasons is the fifth studio album by Canadian rock band Nickelback released on October 4 2005. It is the band's first album with former 3 Doors Down drummer Daniel Adair who replaced Ryan Vikedal in January 2005. The album topped the Canadian Albums Chart and the American Billboard 200 albums chart and has sold more than 15 million copies to date being the best selling Nickelback album to date according to certifications from the CRIA the RIAA and the BPI.
 Bling! Bling! is the second studio album released by Alabama rock group Lynam. The tracks Losing Venus and Never Fade Away were later re-released on the band's fourth studio album Slave to the Machine. Disco King and Bemused originally appeared on Fame Among the Vulgar the second album released by lead singer Jacob Bunton's first band Mars Electric. Currently if you purchase the album from iTunes the track Punk has been replaced by Left for Dead.
 Waterworld is an album by the Leak Bros. the album was released on July 14 2004 by Eastern Conference. The Leak Bros. is a rap duo composed of underground rappers Cage Kennylz and Tame One. Every song on Waterworld is about the drug PCP.Street names for PCP like water wet leak fry sherm dip death angel dust dust purple rain embalming fluid and formaldehyde are all constantly referenced throughout the album.
 Recently is an EP by the Dave Matthews Band released in 1994. All songs are live recordings. Recently is an edit of the live version found on Remember Two Things recorded at The Flood Zone in Richmond VA on August 10 1993; Dancing Nancies and Warehouse were recorded at The Birchmere in Alexandria Virginia on February 21 1994; All Along the Watchtower and Halloween were recorded at Trax in Charlottesville Virginia on February 22 1994.
 Malefactor Ade is the fifth album by the experimental rock band Red Krayola released in 1989 through Glass Records. The album was adopted by Drag City a re-issued on CD in 2000.
 Made Me Do It is the second album by The Haunted. It was released on October 31 2000. It was re-released in 2001 with the live album Live Rounds In Tokyo as a bonus CD.
 Of Queues and Cures (also identified as Of Queues & Cures) is the second album recorded by the progressive rock and jazz fusion group National Health one of the last representatives of the artistically prolific Canterbury scene.
 For All of This is the first EP from The Early November. It was written entirely by the lead singer Arthur 'Ace' Enders and features brief replacement guitarist (of Joseph Marro) John Dubitsky. Its title comes from the first line of the chorus in I Want to Hear You Sad.
 The Fourth Judgement is the third studio album released (fourth recorded) by American power metal band Jag Panzer released in 1997. It features the return of the band's original vocalist Harry The Tyrant Conklin and the replacement of Chris Kostka on lead guitar by Joey Tafolla.
 Dell'Impero delle Tenebre is the first studio album by the Italian band Il Teatro degli Orrori released in 2007.
 The True World is the third release by Japanese psychedelic-folk rock duo Nagisa Ni te and their second studio album. It was released in 1999 by Org Records as a double LP. In 2000 P-Vine Records re-released this album in a 2×CD format.
 Your Past Comes Back to Haunt You is the second EP released by Australian metalcore band I Killed the Prom Queen in 2005. It is also the last album to feature Micheal Crafter on vocals besides the re-issue of Music for the Recently Deceased. The EP features a reworked version of To Be Sleeping While Still Standing which was originally done by an earlier band including Crafter and Weinhofen called The Fall of Troy.
 Saara Jahaan is the fourth full length album and overall fifth album of the Pakistani rock band Karavan released in 2010.
 Dharma Blues is the title of a recording by American folk and blues guitarist Peter Lang released in 2002.
 Rarities is a 2000 promo album by Emilíana Torrini.
 The Story of The Who is a 2 LP compilation album from The Who. The album was released in the U.K. in September 1976. The album reached number two in the UK charts. Another version of this collection with a different track listing was also released in Japan. This collection has not been released on CD.
 Tetra Karcist is the seventh studio album by the Belgian black metal band Enthroned. The artwork and layout is done by Ahmet Meran and the Scorpion design is by Nornagest.
 Visible Wings (Chinese: 有形的翅膀; You Xing De Chi Bang) is the 7th album by Taiwanese Mandopop singer Angela Chang the first under her new label Wonderful Music released on October 12 2012 in three formats: CD only CD+DVD (with a poster) and a Preorder version (with a 2013 calendar).
 The Happiness Project is the title of Charles Spearin's debut album. Best known for his work with Toronto-based bands Do Make Say Think and Broken Social Scene Charles Spearin has been performing samples of The Happiness Project live during Broken Social Scene concerts this past year offering insight into the inspiration and concept of the album which has been long-listed for the 2009 Polaris Music Prize.
 DPGC: U Know What I'm Throwin' Up is the fourth studio album by rapper Daz Dillinger which features Snoop Dogg on most of the album along with E-White Soopafly & Bad Azz taking shots at Suge Knight Kurupt & Death Row affiliates.
 Waltzin' With Flo is the only solo album by jazz drummer Alan Dawson. Although it was recorded in 1992 it wasn't released until 2002. Ken Dryden of Rovi says (in a review) Not only is Dawson's matchless drumming a key component of this CD he records several of his compositions and arrangements and he also plays vibes on two tracks.
 Future History is the second studio album by American recording artist Jason Derulo released on September 16 2011.As the executive producer of the album Derulo collaborated with several record producers including DJ Frank E The Fliptones The Outerlimits Emanuel Kiriakou RedOne Jai Marlon and frequent collaborator J.R. Rotem among others.Upon its release Future History received mixed reviews from music critics.
 Hello My Name Is... is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Bridgit Mendler released on October 22 2012 through Hollywood Records. The first single of the album Ready or Not was released on August 7 2012. It premiered on August 3 2012 and was released as a digital download on August 7 2012. The song was written by Mendler herself Emanuel Eman Kiriakou and Evan Kidd Bogart. The song debuted at number 98 and peaked at number 49 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.
 Merry Christmas is an album by Caspar Brötzmann and F.M. Einheit released in April 1994 through Our Choice.
 Johnny Cash Is Coming to Town is the 73rd album by American country singer Johnny Cash released in 1987 and his first for Mercury Records. It was re-released in 2003 paired with Boom Chicka Boom on a single CD. Sixteen Tons was previously a hit for Tennessee Ernie Ford The Big Light is an Elvis Costello song from his album King of America released the previous year and Let Him Roll is from Guy Clark's debut Old No. 1.
 Whiteout is the third studio album by alternative rock band Boss Hog.
 Sundown is the ninth studio album by Richard Marx that was released digitally on October 31 2008. Sundown was released along with Emotional Remains.
 Bija is a limited-release down tempo electro-pop song project created in 2000 by Annabelle Chvostek in collaboration with electro-acoustic producer Ned Bouhalassa.
 La Costa Perdida is the 8th studio release by the American alternative-music band Camper Van Beethoven. It was released on January 22 2013 and contains 10 tracks. The lead-off single from the album Northern California Girls was released on January 1 2013.
 Second Thoughts is a 1976 album by New Zealand art rock band Split Enz. It was recorded in London with Roxy Music's guitarist Phil Manzanera producing the album. Four of the songs on the album were reworked versions of songs from their 1975 debut album Mental Notes. Two other songs on the album had been first recorded during the Mental Notes sessions but left off and re-recorded for Second Thoughts.
 Gnosis is the fourth album of the British progressive rock band Gnidrolog. The album's title Gnosis means divine or spiritual knowledge and understanding. It is their third studio album and the first to be recorded in 27 years. The album was mostly recorded at Select Sound Studios Cairns Australia where it was engineered and produced by Nigel Pegrum.
 Ta Erotika (Greek: Τα ερωτικά; English: Love songs) is the name of a compilation album by singer prominent Greek singer Marinella under the Universal Music Greece series Ta Erotika. The album is part of the compilation. This album contains Marinella's #1 love songs from 1974 - 1987 in remastered sound.
 Fall 1989: The Long Island Sound is a six-CD live album by the Jerry Garcia Band and by Bob Weir and Rob Wasserman. It was recorded on September 5 and 6 1989 at the Hartford Civic Center in Hartford Connecticut and the Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale New York. It was released by ATO Records on December 17 2013.Fall 1989: The Long Island Sound contains two complete concerts.
 No Way Out But Forward Go! is a live album by English post-punk group Killing Joke released in 2001. The release was on 2 CDs one being a normal audio CD the other a CD-ROM with videos of all tracks. It was reissued as Love Like Blood in 2002 without the accompanying videos by Digimode Entertainment on their Brilliant (budget line) series.
 Raven-Symoné is the self-titled fourth studio album by American singer Raven-Symoné. The album was released on April 29 2008 in the United States. It was her last album released by Hollywood Records.
 The Basement Recordings is a demo release by Canadian singer-songwriter Alexz Johnson and her brother Brendan Johnson. It was digitally released on August 26 2011.
 Blah...Blah...Blah...Love Songs for the New Millennium is the first album by heavy metal band Scum of the Earth.
 Generica is the collective title of a series of five EPs released by Jon Crosby lead singer and founder of the rock band VAST.
 Aura is the ninth studio album by British rock band Asia recorded in 2000 at Loco Studios South Wales and first released in the same year.
 Jackie McLean & Co. is a studio album by saxophonist Jackie McLean. It was recorded and released in 1957 on Prestige. It was also reissued on New Jazz Records as NJ 8323.
 Fly the Flag is the sixth full length album by Down by Law that was released in 1999. This album marked their departure from Epitaph Records.
 Black Boots on Latin Feet is the second studio album by Ezio released in 1995. The album which takes its name from the lyrics of its opening song Saxon Street was released on the Arista Records label. Much is made of the fact that Tony Blair picked track 4 Cancel Today as one of his Desert Island Discs when he appeared on that show in 1996 as at the time few people had heard of the band.
 Cornerstone EP is a live EP by Hillsong Church and was released in May 2012.The album includes two songs in two different versions live and studio.
 Breathing Space is the debut solo album by UK keyboardist Iain Jennings. Although this album was originally released as Iain Jennings's album it has become known as Breathing Space's (the band that was created for the following tour) first album because of the subsequent tours and the follow-up album Coming Up for Air in 2007.
 Rocks in the Head is Roger Daltrey's eighth solo album. The album was released in 1992 on Atlantic Records and recorded at The Hit Factory.
 Tragic Kingdom is the third studio album by American rock band No Doubt. It was released on October 10 1995 by Trauma Records a division of Interscope Records. It is the final album to feature original keyboardist Eric Stefani who left in 1994. The album was produced by Matthew Wilder and recorded in eleven studios in the Greater Los Angeles Area between March 1993 and October 1995.
 Love Is is a double album by Eric Burdon and The Animals. It was released in 1968 on MGM.
 The Two Sides of Mary Wells is the seventh non-hits studio effort by soul singer Mary Wells released on the Atco label in 1966. By now Wells' career had drastically changed from just six years before when the then-teenage Wells first recorded songs for Motown. After being promised a movie deal with 20th Century Fox Wells had left Motown for the label in 1965 only to find herself struggling to get radio airplay.
 Unorthodox is the second full-length studio album by the Swedish death metal band Edge of Sanity. It was recorded in between December 1991 and January 1992 with Tomas Skogsberg and released by Black Mark Records on July 8 1992. Dan Swanö has claimed that this is his favorite Edge of Sanity album and even went as far as to call it perfect.
 Záhradná kaviareň (English: Garden Café) is the fourth studio album by Modus released on OPUS in 1983.
 Live in Montreal EP is October Sky's fourth release and third EP and was released exclusively as a digital download on June 26 2011.It was recorded live at Club Soda a music venue in Montreal Quebec on April 30 2011. The album's graphic design was done by October Sky and the cover photographs were taken and stylized by photographer Eric Rouleau.
 Selfhaters is an album by keyboardist Anthony Coleman which was released on the Tzadik label in 1996.
 Hello Lovers is a J-pop album recorded by female Japanese pop artist Watanabe Misato. It was released on July 8 1992 by Sony Music Japan.
 That Was Then This Is Now is the sixth studio album by rap group Tha Dogg Pound. It was released on November 24 2009.
 9 Pistolas is the debut album by American guitarist and singer Legz Diamond and the group the Purple Gang (Jumpsteady and Sugar Slam). Scheduled for release on March 19 2013 the album is Legz Diamond's first full-length release on Psychopathic Records after having contributed to numerous Psychopathic releases as a guitarist including albums by Insane Clown Posse. The album features guest appearances by Bushwick Bill and Cold 187um.
 Subliminable Messages is the sixth album by Ten Foot Pole. The title refers to a Bushism.
 Bad Hair Day is the ninth studio album by Weird Al Yankovic released on March 12 1996. It was the third studio album self-produced by Yankovic.
 Nekrotisk Inkvisition is the first album by Norwegian black metal band Koldbrann released in 2006.
 Today Is A Good Day is the eleventh studio album of British rock band New Model Army released on 14 September 2009 in the UK and 15 September 2009 in the US.
 The Last Embrace is the final release by Spirit Caravan. It was released on 2xCD and 2xLP in 2003 by Meteor City Records. It contains 19 songs from their two albums Jug Fulla Sun and Elusive Truth the three songs that appeared on their debut 7 (under the name Shine) the two songs from their final 7 Spirit Caravan the song from their split 7 with Sixty Watt Shaman and their song from the Rise 13 compilation on Rise Above Records.
 Soundwave 2008 is the first compilation album released to promote the Australian music festival Soundwave. The album was released on 9 February 2008 by Shock Records.
 Sunshine & Whiskey is the second album by American country music artist Frankie Ballard. It was released on February 11 2014 via Warner Bros. Records. The album includes Ballard's debut single Tell Me You Get Lonely and his top 10 single Helluva Life.
 Collection is the debut Japanese studio album and is the second studio album overall of South Korean girl group 2NE1. It was released on March 28 2012 in 4 different editions: CD+2DVD+Photobook CD+DVD CD+Goods (HMV stores only) and a Regular edition.
 Harmony Encores is an album recorded by The Chordettes and released in 1952 by Columbia Records as catalog number CL-6218.This album was reissued together with The Chordettes Sing Your Requests as a Compact Disc in 2002.
 When We On is the name of a Crazy Penis album produced in 2011.
 The Best of Babes In Toyland and Kat Bjelland is a CD/DVD compilation featuring songs by Babes in Toyland and Kat Bjelland's other projects.
 Ruído Rosa is the sixth album of the Brazilian rock band Pato Fu.
 Mosaic Select 16: Andrew Hill is a compilation album by American pianist Andrew Hill. Except for six tracks issued on One for One in 1975 it features previously unreleased pieces originally recorded for Blue Note Records.
 Live at Radio 100 is a live album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It was recorded during the Earbitten show on Amsterdam pirate radio station Radio 100 and is unique in that the Merzbow live group used turntables in addition to their usual noise equipment. It is a limited edition of 400 copies in a carton.
 Travelogue is a 2002 double album by Joni Mitchell featuring orchestral re-recordings of songs from throughout her career. It is the follow-up to 2000's Both Sides Now which had a similar format.
 Mis Canciones Favoritas (En Concierto Acústico) is a 2003 unplugged acoustic performance by Spanish musician Chenoa released as an album and DVD.Recorded in April 2003 in Barcelona it included some of her favorite songs such as: Man in the mirror Respect Chain of fools or Love of my life. It was released on a limited edition of 100000 copies for fans.
 Symptoms of Humanity is the fourth album from East Los Angeles California hardcore punk band Union 13.It was released in November 2003 on Disaster Records and follows the 2000 album Youth Betrayal and the Awakening.After recording three successful albums for the Epitaph Records label the band encountered line-up problems – which had actually started on Youth Betrayal and the Awakening where José Mercado had to carry out lead and rhythm guitar duties as well as bass – and this time lost vocalist Edward Escoto.The focal point of this album remains squarely on Jose Mercado's word-packed lyrics and his blistering vocals. 
 Loso's Way 2: Rise to Power is the upcoming sixth studio album by American rapper Fabolous. The album is scheduled to be released during 2014 by Desert Storm Records and Def Jam Recordings. The album is a sequel to his fifth studio album Loso's Way. Fabolous said he had worked with various artists such as Chris Brown Rick Ross 2 Chainz John Legend Future Ne-Yo Trey Songz Young Jeezy and Chrisette Michelle among others on the album.
 Trane Whistle is an album by saxophonist Eddie Lockjaw Davis' Big Band with arrangements by Oliver Nelson and Ernie Wilkins recorded in 1960 and released on the Prestige label.
 The Grass is Always Greener is a 2006 album by Barbara Morgenstern.
 FabricLive.30 is a DJ mix compilation album by Stanton Warriors as part of the FabricLive Mix Series. This album embraces the talents of the Bristol duo of Dominic Butler and Mark Yardley and is filled with the kind of nu skool breaks and breakbeat sounds that the Stanton Warriors have become world renowned for.
 Once in a Blue Moon is the second album by German rock band Fool's Garden released in 1993. It is the second and last album where singer Peter Freudenthaler and guitarist Volker Hinkel share lead vocals equally.
 Magic Love & Dreams is the debut EP by the Magic Wands released May 25 2009 under exclusive North American and Japanese license to Bright Antenna. The album was made available as a Digital Download CD and Limited Edition 12 Picture Disc. It was also released July 6 2009 in the UK by the Young and Lost Club on standard black vinyl 12 with an extra track.
 Absolute Anthology is a compilation album by The Easybeats. The album was released on November 17 1980.
 Disconnection Notice is the fifth official album by Goldfinger. It was released on February 15 2005.
 Among My Swan is the third album by the band Mazzy Star. Although Among My Swan did not contain any US Billboard Hot 100 hits like its predecessor So Tonight That I Might See this album garnered the band its highest-ranking single on the UK Singles Chart when Flowers In December reached #40 in November 1996.
 Be Altitude: Respect Yourself is a 1972 soul album by The Staple Singers.
 Spit is the debut album by Kittie a Canadian all-female heavy metal band from London Ontario. It was released in 1999 on Artemis Records and has been certified Gold by the RIAA. The album sold 1250000 units worldwide. The music videos for Brackish and Charlotte were both featured as a part of MTV's Buzzworthy videos. Though bassist Talena Atfield is pictured with the band on the album cover Tanya Candler actually performed bass on Spit.
 Stones Grow Her Name is the 7th full-length studio album by Finnish power metal band Sonata Arctica. It was released in Finland on May 16 2012 in Europe on May 18 2012 in North America on May 22 2012 and in Japan on May 23 2012. It was the last album to feature longtime bassist Marko Paasikoski.Regarding the song Cinderblox vocalist Tony Kakko stated:As you might figure it started out as a... joke. Me fooling around with this banjo sound I came across.
 Peanut Butter Blues & Melancholy Jam is the debut album of British singer and electronic producer Ghostpoet. It was released worldwide on 4 February 2011 on Gilles Peterson's label Brownswood Recordings.
 The Archive Collection: Volume 1 – IQ20 is a live album by British progressive rock band IQ released in 2003. The album is the first installment of a series of original bootlegs releases and was recorded on 16 February 2002 at the Colos-Saal in Aschaffenburg Germany during IQ's 20th anniversary tour.
 Danielle Bradbery is the eponymous debut studio album of country singer and The Voice season 4-winner Danielle Bradbery released on November 25 2013.
 Basie Meets Bond is a 1966 album by Count Basie and his orchestra.
 The Chase! is a live album by saxophonists Dexter Gordon and Gene Ammons recorded in Chicago in 1970 and released on the Prestige label.
 House of Music is the fourth studio album by American R&B group Tony! Toni! Toné! released on November 19 1996 by Mercury Records. It is the follow-up to their critically and commercially successful 1993 album Sons of Soul. Recording sessions for the album took place at several recording studios in San Francisco Los Angeles Oakland and Sacramento during 1995 to 1996 with production handled primarily by the group members.
 Jay-Z: The Hits Collection Volume One is a compilation album by American hip-hop recording artist Jay-Z it was released on November 22 2010 by Def Jam and Roc Nation. Although greatest hits compilations of Jay-Z have been released internationally before this was the first of its kind to be released in the United States in which it was released in Standard Edition Deluxe Edition and Collector's Edition Box Set as well as a 3-disc deluxe vinyl.
 Paradise is the sixteenth studio album of country music artist John Anderson. It was released in 1996 under the BNA Records label. The album produced the singles: Paradise (also recorded by Pirates of the Mississippi on their 1995 album Paradise) which peaked at 26 on United States Country charts and 21 on Canadian charts Long Hard Lesson Learned which peaked at 51 and My Kind of Crazy which peaked at 67.
 The Jesus Record is the ninth and final album by American singer/songwriter Rich Mullins released posthumously on July 21 1998 ten months after his death. The first disc of the album entitled The Jesus Demos consists of 9 rough demos Mullins recorded for the album in an abandoned church on September 10 1997 nine days before his death.
 Riddim Driven: Extasy is the fifth album in the Riddim Driven series. It was released by VP Records in March 2001 on CD and LP. The Extasy riddim was created by Richard Shams Browne and produced by the Shocking Vibes crew. The last three tracks only appear on the CD edition.
 Time to Share is the thirteenth album from Japanese musician Toshinobu Kubota released on September 21 2004. The album was credited under his alias Toshi. It is also Kubota's third English album.
 The Wanderer and His Shadow is the second full-length album from Norwegian extreme metal band Pantheon I and was released in May 2007.The name of the album comes from one of Friedrich Nietzsche's earlier works of the same name.
 The Complete Blue Note and Roost Recordings is a four-disc box set released on October 4 1994 containing the bulk of jazz pianist Bud Powell's recordings as leader for Blue Note Records plus two early sessions for Roost Records.
 Put You in the Picture is a song written by Midge Ure and performed by his group PVC2 who comprised Ure on guitar and lead vocals Kenny Hyslop on drums Billy McIsaac on keyboards and Russell Webb on bass guitar. The song was released on August 30 1977 by Zoom Records in an eponymous EP which was the last single and recording of Midge Ure with the remaining members of Slik who later resurged as Zones with another singer and guitarist Willie Gardner.
 Кайрат Тунтеков is the self-titled debut album composed of the songs performed by the SuperStar KZ 2 winner Kayrat Tuntekov. The album includes tracks composed in the English Russian & Kazakh languages.
 Person to Person! is the eighth album led by saxophonist Houston Person which was recorded in 1970 and released on the Prestige label.
 The Movie Album is an album by pianist Ramsey Lewis featuring theme music from several motion pictures which was recorded in 1966 and released on the Cadet label.
 Like the Actors E.P. is an EP of the band Eisley released December 18 2007 on Reprise Records. The EP contains the proper version of Sun Feet as well as B-Sides from Combinations.
 The Real Thing is the eighth studio album by American recording artist Vanessa Williams released on June 2 2009 on Concord Records. It features productions by Keith Thomas Kenneth Edmonds Rob Mathes Rex Rideout and Guy Sigsworth and songs written by Stevie Wonder and Babyface. The Real Thing achieved moderate success peaking at #91 on the Billboard 200.
 Vile Vicious Vision is the fourth studio album by Polish thrash metal band Acid Drinkers. It was released on October 1993 in Poland through Loud Out Records. The album was recorded from 5 to 16 June 1993 at HELLENIC Studio Poznań. The cover art was created by Mariusz Łechtański and Litza and fotos by Lech Brzoza and Magda Starosta. Tracks on Vile Vicious Vision was recorded only in two days.
 All Summer Holiday is Joey Yung's second Cantonese full length studio album released on 5 June 2001.
 Redeemer of Souls is the upcoming 17th studio album by heavy metal band Judas Priest set to be released on 14 July 2014. It is their first album in 6 years since 2008's Nostradamus and also their first without founding guitarist K.K. Downing who left the band in 2011 and was replaced by new guitarist Richie Faulkner.
 Cut Your Noose was the second EP release (and fourth CD release overall) by American emo band Vendetta Red.The EP features songs that have been previously released on other CD's these include:Three Cord Valentine from the first EP 6 Kisses A Blatant Reminder of Why We Are AlivePor Vida from the second album White Knuckled Substance
 Creepin on ah Come Up is an EP by rap group Bone Thugs-N-Harmony. The album was released on June 21 1994 on Ruthless Records. In 1998 the album was selected as one of The Source's 100 Best Rap Albums.
 This split 7 originated with the Hot Cross/The One AM Radio/The Holy Shroud Canadian tour in the summer of 2004. After playing a week of dates together the two bands decided to produce a split disk.
 Live at Reading 1981 was the second live album released by Samson. This was recorded in 1981 at the Reading Festival with singer Bruce Dickinson just before he left the band to join Iron Maiden.
 For The Weird By The Weird is the first full-length from American grindcore band Bad Acid Trip. The album was self-released in 1999 by the band and then re-released in 2004 when Bad Acid Trip signed to System of a Down vocalist's label Serjical Strike in 2004. The re-release made no changes to the track listing.
 New Politics is the debut and self-titled studio album of Danish alternative rock band New Politics. The album has produced two singles Yeah Yeah Yeah and Dignity. The track Yeah Yeah Yeah was featured on the soundtrack of the multi-award winning racing game Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit as well as a 2010 Dell commercial.
 Global Evisceration is a live video album by the American death metal band Cannibal Corpse released in 2011.
 Circles and Satellites is the second and final album by English indie rock band Rooster. Released on 24 July 2006 the album spawned the top-40 single Home.
 Hammer Smashed Face is the first EP by Cannibal Corpse released in 1993 through Metal Blade Records. There are two versions of the release a single version that features the title song Hammer Smashed Face with two covers of songs by Black Sabbath and Possessed and the EP version which includes the three tracks of the single version along with two original Cannibal Corpse tracks. The single version and the EP version both have different cover artwork.
 Remixed Remade Remodeled—The Remix Project is a remix album of recordings by Blondie released by Chrysalis/EMI Records in the US and the UK in 1995 as part of EMI’s Brilliant series. The album spun off four remix singles in the US: Atomic Rapture Heart of Glass and Union City Blue.
 Our Endless War is the fifth album by the American deathcore band Whitechapel. The album was released on April 29th 2014 via Metal Blade. The Saw is the Law was released on February 26th 2014 as the first single off the album. Also on April 15th 2014 a lyric video for Our Endless War was released but it is currently unclear if it has been named a single by the band. It is the first Whitechapel album since This Is Exile to have a title track.
 [A→B] Life is the debut album by American rock band mewithoutYou. It was released on Tooth & Nail Records on June 18 2002. The songs Bullet to Binary and Gentlemen were featured on a split album with Norma Jean.
 The Shore is the first studio album by the American rock band The Shore released in July 2004. The song Coming Down was featured on the Long Way Round soundtrack a documentary detailing the journey of Ewan McGregor and Charley Boorman from London to New York on motorcycles.
 Reach is the only album by American country music artist Meredith Edwards. It was released in 2001 by Mercury Nashville and peaked at #24 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. The album includes the singles A Rose Is a Rose and The Bird Song.
 Happiness in Darkness is the third studio album by industrial metal band Gothminister.
 Versos is the ninth album by the Portuguese music composer António Pinho Vargas. It was released in 2001.
 Deep Conversation is the fourth studio album by Vallejo California rapper Celly Cel. The album was released in 2000 for Realside Records and was produced by Celly Cel and Bosko. The album was not a commercial success only making it to #94 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop album chart however the album spawned two singles The Return of the Real Niggaz and Which One Is U?. Guests included on the album are Kurupt WC and Young Bleed.
 Ebba Grön 1978–1982 is the title of the Swedish punk band Ebba Grön's compilation of their biggest hits released as a farewell album for their fans and is one of the all-time best selling records in Sweden. The booklet contains a copy of the letter the band sent to the national news agency Tidningarnas Telegrambyrå when they split.
 Considered Dead is the first album by Gorguts released in 1991.Considered Dead was later remastered reissued and paired with its successor The Erosion of Sanity as part of Roadrunner's Two from the Vault series in 2004. It was reissued alone in 2006 with two demo tracks.
 Ink Is My Drink is the second full-length album by Panacea. It was released on October 3 2006 on Rawkus Records. A re-release came in 2011 on Neosonic Productions and called The Producers Cut it cames with a new cover and some additional skits.
 Needle in a Slunk Stack is the twenty-sixth studio album by avant-garde guitarist Buckethead. It was announced on September 24 2009 on TDRSMusic.com. Its name is a play on the popular saying Needle in a Hay Stack.It follows the style of Forensic Follies as it uses a technique known as xenochrony which means he uses recycled beats and riffs from his previous albums including Inbred Mountain The Elephant Man's Alarm Clock Slaughterhouse on the Prairie and Island of Lost Minds.
 Dick's Picks Volume 24 is the 24th installment of the popular Grateful Dead archival series. It documents most of the concert from 3/23/74 at the Cow Palace in Daly City California. The two-disc vault release is mastered in HDCD. This is a significant show in Dead history being the first to use the complete Wall of Sound setup a short-lived sound system abandoned after less than two years due to high maintenance costs.
 A New Abolition is the first studio album by the band The Wrecking and the album released on August 19 2008 by Chosen Records. The album was produced by Jonathan Wyman.
 Free Agent is the second studio album by American rapper Joell Ortiz. It was released on February 22 2011 through E1 Music in the United States after being pushed back. It is the follow-up to his previous album The Brick: Bodega Chronicles (2007). The album had leaked on the internet 3 months early via Amazon.com but was later taken down. Joell Ortiz was trying to be released from E1 formally Koch Records to sign to Shady Records as part of the super group Slaughterhouse.
 Madness Money & Music is the fourth album by singer Sheena Easton. It was released in 1982 and produced by Christopher Neil. This Adult Contemporary ballad-led album includes the hits I Wouldn't Beg for Water (US #64) and Machinery (US #57 UK #38) as well as the UK single Are You Man Enough. Significantly however the album featured an early recording of the song Wind Beneath My Wings which would later be covered by Bette Midler in 1988 and many other artists after.
 The Unutterable is an album by British rock band The Fall released in 2000. It was recorded with much the same line-up as had appeared on the group's previous album 1999's The Marshall Suite (although Kazuko Hohki—the singer from the English-based Japanese band Frank Chickens—provides extra vocals on one track). However whilst this version of the band was still coming together as the previous album was being made by the time of the current record they'd had a year to gel as a unit.
 Hollywood Be Thy Name is a live album by New Orleans R&B artist Dr. John.
 He Touched Me is a 1972 contemporary gospel music album by Elvis Presley. It earned him his second of three Grammy Awards. The album his third and final studio gospel album and the most contemporary of the three. He Touched Me was certified gold on March 27 1992 and platinum on July 15 1999 by the RIAA.
 Bentley Rhythm Ace released in 1997 was the debut album of Bentley Rhythm Ace an electronic music duo from Birmingham England.The album is best known for the single Bentleys Gonna Sort You Out! which featured in a few TV adverts at the time and was also praised in multiple music magazines such as NME upon its release.
 Electronic is the self-titled debut album by British supergroup Electronic formed by Bernard Sumner and Johnny Marr. It was first released in May 1991 (see 1991 in music) on the Factory label and reissued in remastered form in 1994 by Parlophone after Factory collapsed.The album was a commercial success reaching number 2 in the United Kingdom and selling over a million copies worldwide. By the year 2000 Electronic had sold 240000 copies in the USA.
 Early Trax is a compilation album from industrial metal band Ministry. The album was released in October 2004. It contains either released or (previously) unreleased songs from 1981 through to 1984 as well as some remixes of those songs (roughly half of the album by time is made up of remixes of songs also on the album). The album is thus similar to the 1987 compilation album Twelve Inch Singles and contains much of the same material.
 Humsafar is the second album of playback singer KK (Krishnakumar Kunnath) released in January 2008. The music was composed by KK himself and lyrics were by Mehboob in Hindi and KK in English.
 No. 2 LIVE Dinner is an album of live music by Texas-based folk singer-songwriter Robert Earl Keen released in the United States in 1996) on Sugar Hill Records. The performances are from two different dates the first fourteen tracks (described as Dinner in the CD Liner notes) were recorded at Floores Country Store in Helotes TX on August 12 1995. Tracks fifteen through seventeen (described as Dessert) were recorded at Cactus Cafe Ballroom in Austin TX on October 8 of the same year.
 Viva! La Woman is an album by Cibo Matto released in 1996 by Warner Bros. Records. The genre has been described as urban trip-hop. The album received mostly favorable reviews. Some reviewers dismissed thealbum as a gimmick a fact that disappointed the band.Two singles were released from the album: Birthday Cake as a promotional 7 and Know Your Chicken in a variety of formats for which an accompanying video was released.
 To Be True is an album released by Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes on the Philadelphia International record label in February 1975. It was produced by Kenneth Gamble & Leon Huff.The album features the hit singles Bad Luck Hope That We Can Be Together Soon with Sharon Paige and Where Are All My Friends. The album was remastered and reissued in 2007 by Sony Music Entertainment.
 Selection is a 1982 EP by Canadian band 54•40. It was the band's first release appearing on the independent label Mo-Da-Mu.Although now out of print the album and its 1984 follow up Set the Fire were re-released in 1997 on the compilation album Sound of Truth: The Independent Collection.
 Once Upon a Time in the West is a soundtrack composed by Ennio Morricone from the 1968 western film of the same name directed by Sergio Leone released in 1968.
 Tori Amos: Live from New York is a benefit concert performed by American singer and song-writer Tori Amos on January 23 1997. The concert was performed at the Madison Square Garden Theater in New York to launch Unlock the Silence a year-long promotional and fund-raising campaign sponsored by cK Calvin Klein to raise awareness of the work undertaken by RAINN the Rape Abuse and Incest National Network a non-profit organization offering support and counseling to survivors of sexual assault.
 Psycho Magnet is the second studio album by American Gothic rock band London After Midnight. It was released in 1996 by Apocalyptic Vision.
 Come Closer With... Kewei is Tay Kewei's debut label album released on September 8 2010.
 Cicho is the fourth studio album by the pop rock singer Ewa Farna released on the March 9 2009. It is a Polish version of her album Ticho which has originally Czech lyrics.
 Spirit They're Gone Spirit They've Vanished is the first album by Baltimore-based band Animal Collective released in August 2000 under the name Avey Tare and Panda Bear. The album was released as a CD on the band's own Animal label (now known as Paw Tracks) and only 2000 copies were made. It has since been re-released as a double CD along with Danse Manatee in 2003 on FatCat Records. It is now available on limited edition vinyl through FatCat Records.
 Live in San Francisco is a 2001 live album by instrumental rock solo artist Joe Satriani. Also available on DVD including non-performance bonus footage (backstage etc.).
 El Vive Hoy is the first album from gospel/Christian singer Ericson Alexander Molano. The album is produced by both Ministerios Salem Internacional (MSI) and later produced by Molano's production company JN Producciones.
 Heartland is the third full-length album by Canadian indie rock artist Owen Pallett released January 12 2010 on Domino Records. It's the first of Pallett's records to be released under his own name. Since the album was his first to be released in Japan he wished to avoid generating confusion with the Final Fantasy video games from Square Enix and to avoid infringing on any trademarks.
 Mort Aux Vaches: Locomotive Breath is a live album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow recorded for VPRO radio in Amsterdam. The same European tour also produced the live album Noizhead.
 Multiply is an album by Jamie Lidell on Warp Records. Unusually for Warp which for many years released mainly electronic music the album has much in common with soul and funk music.
 Concerto no IST - Improvisações is the thirteenth album by the Portuguese music composer António Pinho Vargas. It was released in 2011.
 The Things We Did Last Summer is the second studio pop album by singer and actress Shelley Fabares released in 1962 on Colpix Records. It was available in both mono and stereo catalogue numbers CP-431 and SCP-431.The album was produced and arranged by Stu Phillips who had produced her previous record. It peaked on the Billboard 200 Chart at #121 in October 1962. The album features her Top 40 hit single Johnny Loves Me.
 Common Jasmine Orange (Chinese: 七里香; pinyin: Qī Lǐ Xiāng; literally Seven Mile Fragrance) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Jay Chou's fifth Mandarin studio album. It was released on 3 August 2004 by Alfa Music and distributed by Sony Music Taiwan. The first lead tracks 七里香 (Common Jamsine Orange) is a mid-tempo ballad. The other lead tracks 擱淺 (Stranded) is a piano ballad and 止戰之殤 (Wounds of War) is mid-tempo piano rap number.
 Flesh and Wood is the seventh album by Australian rock singer Jimmy Barnes. The album was recorded using only acoustic instruments and includes various duets with artists including Diesel Archie Roach Joe Cocker Ross Wilson Tommy Emmanuel Don Walker Deborah Conway and The Badloves.
 Never Mind the Breeze Blocks is the second album by the Bob the Builder character from the BBC television series of the same name. It was released in 2008 by Universal Music and spawned one single Big Fish Little Fish. Many of the songs are parodies of popular songs such as Working in Sunshine is Katrina and the Waves' Walking on Sunshine. The album title itself is a parody of the Sex Pistols' 1977 album Never Mind The Bollocks.
 ..Cuz a D.U. Party Don't Stop! is the sixth and currently final studio album released by the rap group Digital Underground. The album was released on May 20 2008 ten years after the group's sixth studio effort Who Got the Gravy? and two months after the group disbanded.
 On the Fritz is the title of the third release and second full-length album by singer-songwriter Steve Taylor.
 Sound of the Street is DMX Krew's debut album released on Rephlex in 1996.
 Metallica (also known as The Black Album) is the eponymously titled fifth studio album by the American heavy metal band Metallica. It was released on August 12 1991 through Elektra Records and received critical acclaim. Metallica produced five hit singles that are considered today among the band's best-known songs: Enter Sandman The Unforgiven Nothing Else Matters Wherever I May Roam and Sad but True. The band promoted the album with a series of tours.
 Spectrum is the debut album by jazz fusion drummer Billy Cobham. The album contains much influence of the music of Miles Davis and Mahavishnu Orchestra with whom Cobham had previously collaborated extensively.Ken Scott producer and engineer of Spectrum on recording Cobham's drums: Bill Cobham's drums were treated in exactly the same way as I recorded every other drummer.
 Revolution is the eighth studio album by the German band Crematory distributed through Nuclear Blast and the first release after the band's 3 year dissolution. This album breaks the prior chain of having a song named after their previous album.
 Psychic Love Damage is an abandoned album by the American psychedelic rock band Black Moth Super Rainbow released in 2012. It was originally started as the bands fifth album until front man Tobacco felt unsatisfied with the results and decided to scrap the album and go in a different direction that led to the creation of Cobra Juicy. The Psychic Love Damage EP is made up of tracks not redone for Cobra Juicy and was released in vinyl form for the Cobra Juicy kickstarter.
 Terrortory is the fifth studio album from the Detroit-based heavy metal band Halloween. It was released in February 2012.
 Joe Preston is an EP by The Melvins which was released in 1992 through Boner Records. It is believed that he is the only performer on the record and the other two performers are a hoax; Salty Green is a known pseudonym of Preston. Also Marina Sirtis as Counselor in personnel is a reference to the actress that played Counselor Dianna Troi on the television series Star Trek: The Next Generation.The cover art for the album is a parody of the cover art from Ace Frehley's 1978 solo release.
 L'album de Noël is a 2000 English language Christmas album by Canadian singer Roch Voisine. He simultaneously released a French language Christmas album entitled L'album de Noël.
 Trio Music Live in Europe is a live album by pianist Chick Corea with bassist Miroslav Vitous and drummer Roy Haynes recorded in Switzerland in 1984 and released on the ECM label.
 Minut sa njom (trans. A Minute with Her) is the eighteenth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba.The album features mostly love songs and is the first Riblja Čorba album since their 1981 album Pokvarena mašta i prljave strasti which does not feature any song with political-related lyrics.
 Our Music is a studio album by Jamaican reggae singer Burning Spear.It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album at the 48th Grammy Awards in 2006.
 Twilight on Prince Georges Avenue: Essential Recordings is the title of a compilation recording by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey released in 2009.Fahey recorded four albums for Varrick Records a division of Rounder Records from which these selections are taken.
 Yassassin is an EP of the band Litfiba produced by Contempo records.The vinyl works like other prayers has never been reissued on CD is there any way to say that all tracks have been reproposed: Electrica danza was published in the collection CD King of silence while the other two tracks were reiterated in the individual Forbidden always 33 rpm.The two versions of Yassassin (track one and three) are different from each other the track is a long-play version of 7 minutes while the third is 4 ½ minutes.
 Sleeping Beauty is a 1976 comedy album recorded by Cheech & Chong. Since 1976 this album was only available on vinyl LP then in 1992 it was briefly reissued on CD and cassette and has since become out of print. On November 15 2005 the long out-of-print album was finally re-released and digitally re-mastered on CD along with Let's Make a New Dope Deal.
 Rare Chandeliers is a collaborative mixtape by rapper Action Bronson and producer The Alchemist. It was released on November 15 2012. Production was handled entirely by The Alchemist. On December 20 a remastered (320kbit/s MP3 quality) extended version was released for free as well as a limited edition of Diamond Supply hoodies for sale.
 Sol Niger Within is the first release by Fredrik Thordendal's Special Defects a side project of Meshuggah guitarist Fredrik Thordendal. The album was originally released in 1997 on the Ultimate Audio Entertainment label.The album was remixed and re-released by Ultimate Audio Entertainment and Relapse Records in 1999 under the title Sol Niger Within version 3.33. The re-release contains two bonus tracks but omits several parts of the original version.
 Voodoo Shoppe is the tenth release and the seventh studio release of Cowboy Mouth.Cowboy Mouth has associated themselves quite strongly with the city of New Orleans and the music scene in that city. Voodoo Shoppe was the first album produced by the band after Hurricane Katrina and generated a fair bit of interest in the album because of this. Two songs Home and The Avenue address the diaspora after Hurricane Katrina as well as pledging to return to New Orleans to rebuild.
 How Much for Happy is Canadian actress and singer-songwriter Cassie Steele's debut album. How Much for Happy was released in Canada on March 15 2005 and in the U.S. on April 26 2005. The album was sold on iTunes in the U.S. for a few months but after having an argument with Rob'N'Steal Productions about the distribution of How Much for Happy the album was removed from iTunes yet was still available on Amazon.com.
 For the H. P. Lovecraft story see The Lurking FearLurking Fear is the eighth album from progressive/thrash metal band Mekong Delta released in August 2007.
 The Black Crown is the third full-length album by deathcore band Suicide Silence which was released July 12 2011 through Century Media Records. The Black Crown would also be the final album with lead Singer Mitch Lucker who would pass away on November 1 2012.
 Signs of Existence is the second album by the Finnish melodic death metal band myGRAIN.
 The Full Pack is a 12 vinyl EP by Psychic TV. It was included with initial orders of Dreams Less Sweet.
 Crooked Timber is the tenth full-length album by the band Therapy? and the first to be released on Demolition Records. It was released on 23 March 2009. The album was recorded from July to August 2008 at Blast Studios Newcastle with additional recording at The Beauchamp Building London from August to September 2008. Produced by Andy Gill the album features a bias towards rhythm rather than melody. According to Andy Cairns; “I guess we’re always challenging just what makes us Therapy?.
 Born on a Pirate Ship (sometimes abbreviated BOAPS) is the third full-length album by Barenaked Ladies (BNL) featuring the songs Shoe Box The Old Apartment When I Fall and Break Your Heart. The Old Apartment would become BNL's first US hit in 1997 and began the process of winning many new American fans.This was the first album recorded following the departure of keyboardist Andy Creeggan who had considered leaving before the recording of their previous album Maybe You Should Drive. 
 Siempre Contigo (Always with you) is the title of a studio album released by Mexican performer José José in 1986. It was produced by Spanish producer and guitarist Paco Cepero. This album became the third number-one set on the Billboard Latin Pop Albums by the artist and at the Grammy Awards of 1988 was nominated for Best Latin Pop Performance losing to Un Hombre Solo by Julio Iglesias.
 Love Life 2 is the ninth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Hitomi released on June 24 2009 by Hitomi's sub-label of Avex Trax Love Life Records. It was originally to be released June 10 2009 but was pushed back for promotional reasons. The first pressing of the album came with an external bonus a poster. An accompanying photobook of the same name that shows the singer completely nude was released on the same day.
 All in Good Time is the debut album of American country music artist Marcus Hummon. Released in late 1995 on Columbia Records Nashville it produced one chart hit for him on the Billboard country charts in God's Country USA which peaked at number 73.
 Strangling From Within was released on November 23 1999 by the Avant-garde metal project Peccatum. The themes on this album can mostly be described as symphonic and neo-classical as well as the more prominent black metal influences.Female Vocalist Ihriel contributes largely to the operatics and symphonic feel of the album. This is further achieved through use of various classical instruments that feature briefly or that may have a more pronounced role.
 Chokmah is the eleventh studio album of German pop singer Nena released in 2001. It received mixed reviews the majority being positive. It spawned one very successful single Carpe Diem and foreshadowed the comeback Nena achieved with her next album Nena feat. Nena.
 Waitin' for the Hard Times to Go is an album by the Nashville Bluegrass Band released through Sugar Hill Records in 1993. In 1994 the album won the group the Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Album.
 Panic is the seventh full-length album by the band MxPx It was released on June 6 2005- internationally and a day later in the United States. This was a breakthrough album when the single Heard That Sound proved a minor radio hit. It also featured the Blink-182/+44 singer-bassist Mark Hoppus on Wrecking Hotel Rooms. Two B-sides (an unreleased track called Arrest Me and a live/acoustic version of Waiting For The World To End) were released on a SideOneDummy sampler in 2005.
 Flower is the sixth album by American pop singer Jody Watley released in 1998.
 Time Capsule: Songs For a Future Generation is a greatest hits album released by the B-52's in 1998. The album presents sixteen of their single releases and fan-favorite album tracks in chronological order with the addition of two newly recorded songs exclusive to this collection. One of them Debbie is a tribute to Debbie Harry of Blondie. Also exclusive to this release is the Original Unreleased Mix of their 1986 song Summer of Love.
 Critically Ashamed is the second album by the pop punk band FM Static.
 Taste It: The Collection is a compilation of hits and album tracks released by Australian rock band INXS in 2006 spanning the albums X Live Baby Live Welcome to Wherever You Are Full Moon Dirty Hearts The Greatest Hits and Elegantly Wasted.
 Voices & Images is the debut album by the German band Camouflage released by Atlantic Records and Metronome on March 4 1988. Four singles were released from the album: The Great Commandment Strangers' Thoughts Neighbours That Smiling Face.
 La Novela is an album by Akwid released in March 2008. Special guests include Voces del Rancho Fidel Rueda Raul Hernandez Los Tucanes de Tijuana Rocio Saldoval La Peligrosa El Flaco Elizalde Palomo Jenni Rivera Kuky and Chino XL. It received a nomination for Best Latin Urban Album at the Grammy Awards of 2009.
 Getting to This was the second album by British blues-rock band Blodwyn Pig released in 1970. The album was the band's last until a brief reunion in the 1990s: Peter Banks joined from Yes after the recording of Getting To This but the band split up at the end of 1970. The album reached 8 on the UK album chart.
 All Hits is the compilation album of the greatest hits of All Saints and also featured a song by Melanie Blatt and The Artful Dodger called TwentyFourSeven.
 KARA Best 2007-2010 is the first Greatest Hits album by the K-pop girl group Kara. It was released on September 29 2010 in Japan and contain all singles from 2007 to 2010 and some songs from their albums Rock U Pretty Girl Revolution and Lupin. The album was released in 2 editions: CD+DVD and CD only. The album ranked #2 in Oricon Weekly chart and sold around 51000 in the first week.
 The Ice Machine is an album by Breaking Circus. It was released in 1986 by on Homestead Records.
 Pieces of a Man is the debut studio album of American recording artist Gil Scott-Heron released in 1971 in stereo format on Flying Dutchman Records in the United States. It was also issued in the United Kingdom on Philips Records in 1972. Recording sessions for the album took place at RCA Studios in New York City on April 19 and 20 in 1971.
 Moments is the third album by singer Boz Scaggs released in 1971. It was his debut album on the Columbia label.
 Sjt. Munchs Drikkeklubb Band is the 9th full-length studio album by the American band Hayseed Dixie released in 2011 (see 2011 in music). The album's title and cover are both references to the Beatles album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. All songs on the album are covers of Norwegian artists and bands some of them in the Norwegian language some in English.The Munch in the album title refers to Norwegian painter Edvard Munch.
 R30: 30th Anniversary World Tour is a live DVD by the Canadian band Rush that was released on November 22 2005 in Canada and the U.S. and November 28 2005 in Europe therein documenting the band's R30: 30th Anniversary Tour. The DVD was released in a standard and deluxe set.
 Dark Night of the Soul is an album written by Danger Mouse and Sparklehorse.
 Woke on a Whaleheart is the first record released by Bill Callahan under his own name instead of his nom de plume Smog. It was released by Drag City on April 24 2007 and released a week earlier in Callahan's home state of Texas.
 Muscles is the debut solo album by hip hop musician Mele Mel despite being involved in the rap music industry since 1978. The album was released January 23 2007 for Power House Entertainment and was produced by Mele Mel and Frank G. The album gained positive reviews but was a commercial failure and did not chart on the album charts. One single was released - M-3: The New Message on download and 12 promo (simply titled M-3 on the album) however that too did not chart.
 Mélodie Française is a compilation album of iconic french pop songs covered by Australian musicians.
 Margerine Eclipse [sic] is an album by the band Stereolab released in early 2004. The album is in large part a eulogy to former band member Mary Hansen who was killed in a cycling accident when she was hit by a truck in 2002.
 Role Model is the second full-length release by Cex. It was released in 2000. Role Model's album ID is meow004 meaning it is the fourth release on the Tigerbeat6 label.
 The Journey: The Very Best of Donna Summer is a compilation of the American singer's hits released by Universal Music in 2003. It features most of Summer's best known songs from the 1970s disco era during which she became the most successful female of that genre plus some of her hits from the 1980s during which time she experimented with different genres.
 Rewind the Film is the eleventh studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers. It was released on 16 September 2013 via Columbia Records.
 In her third album Sasha Sökol left Fonovisa and signed with Sony. Now the lyrics became more adult and the album was recorded in Spain. It was a big success and released 6 singles including “Siento” (also included in Alcanzar Una Estrella II) and a duet with novel singer Ricky Martin.
 Feijão com arroz (Portuguese for Rice and beans) is the fourth album by Daniela Mercury released in 1996 in Brazil and on January 14 1997 in North America and Europe through Sony Music.Feijão com Arroz was very well received by both public and critics becoming as successful as O Canto da Cidade (1992). It sold almost two million copies in Brazil alone (achieving a Diamond certification) and is considered Mercury's best album by Allmusic.
 In Person is a live album recorded by Ray Charles on May 28 1959 on a rainy night in Atlanta Georgia at Morris Brown College's Herndon Stadium. All tracks from this album together with those from Ray Charles at Newport were also released on the 1987 Atlantic compilation CD Ray Charles Live.The album was recorded by the concert sponsor radio station WAOK. The station's lead disk jockey Zenas Daddy Sears recorded the album from the audience using a single microphone.
 It Takes a Thief is American rapper Coolio's first album released in 1994 on Warner Bros. Records.Fantastic Voyage a hit from the early 1980s returned to the charts after Coolio released a song of the same name from this album. The song received regular airplay on MTV and became his breakout hit peaking at #3 in the US.
 Plantations of Pale Pink is a 1996 EP by Guided by Voices.
 Groovin' is the third album by rock band The Young Rascals. The album was released on July 31 1967 and rose to #5 on the Billboard Top LPs chart and number 7 on the R&B chart. Eight of the songs were released on singles with the title track reaching number 1 on the Pop chart in the U.S.
 A Collection of His Greatest Hits is a compilation album by American recording artist Babyface released in 2000.
 Magnetic Feel is an album by organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1975 and released on the Cadet label.
 The Rapture Tour is a concert tour and the first headlining tour by American recording artist Anita Baker. The tour was in support of her break-through multi-platinum album Rapture which sold 8 million copies worldwide. The tour started in mid-March with stops in several cities throughout North America and Europe.
 Welcome To The Edge is an album by Billie Hughes. The title track Welcome To The Edge also known by the Japanese song title Todokanu Omoi is the hit single from the album and became the #1 International Single of the Year in Japan in 1992. All the songs are written by Billie Hughes and Roxanne Seeman with the exception of one. It was released by Pony Canyon in Japan in 1991.
 Force Majeure is the first solo album of the German female hard rock singer Doro Pesch. The album was released in February 1989.
 Heart Like Your Own is the first studio album by Christian contemporary-praise & worship-pop rock singer Steve Hare which the album was released on May 7 2013 by Dream Records and the producer on the album is Seth Mosley of Me in Motion.
 Battle Hymns is the 1982 debut album of the heavy metal band Manowar.
 We'd Like to Teach the World to Sing is the name given to two albums by UK pop group The New Seekers. The first of these released in late 1971 was a repackaging of their previous album New Colours and was released in the US. The second version of the album was released in the UK and Europe in 1972 with a new line-up of tracks. Both albums however contained the song I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing (In Perfect Harmony).
 Ultravisitor is an album by Squarepusher. It was released on 8 March 2004 by Warp Records (see 2004 in music).Ultravisitor incorporates many of the various musical styles exhibited by Jenkinson on his previous albums including drum and bass and acid techno jazz fusion and electronic noise. A few of the tracks feature layered modulated or filtered bass guitar.
 The LP is the debut solo album of American emcee and producer Large Professor. It was released officially in 2009 after being shelved in 1996 by Geffen Records after several delays. The Mad Scientist and IJUSTWANNACHILL were released as singles prior to the anticipated release and a bootleg was circulated.
 I See Red is the first EP from Uh Huh Her which was released on July 24 2007 in the United States.
 Sojourner is Magnolia Electric Co.'s 2007 box-set release comprising: three full-length albums one four-song EP one documentary movie on DVD The Road Becomes What You Leave; a celestial map and a medallion; all within a wooden box. The band's 2006 album Fading Trails was compiled from the four recording sessions included in their entirety on Sojourner.
 Reality Check is the debut album by French synthpop band The Teenagers. It was released in 2008.
 Bowling is the second studio album of the Finnish jazz group U-Street All Stars.
 Alzheimer is a record by Spanish metal rap band Def Con Dos.Released by P & C Dro S.A. record company in 1995 it helped Def Con Dos to maintain the popularity they had obtained with their previous album Armas pal pueblo and their theme for Álex de la Iglesia's film Mutan Action.The cover presents DCD's logo under a red paint letter V probably a reference to V a TV series from the 1980s.
 Another Journal Entry is the second studio album released by the Christian pop/rock group BarlowGirl. The album was released on September 27 2005. Three of the songs are not original to this album; Enough is a Chris Tomlin work No One Like You is a cover of the David Crowder Band version and Not Alone is a different mix of their debut-album hit.An expanded edition was released in late August 2006.
 The Good Things in Life is an album by Tony Bennett released in 1972. The album reached a peak position of number 196 on the Billboard 200. The back cover of the album features a painting by Mr Bennett of himself and conductor Robert Farnon.
 Today is the second studio album from Angela Aki. This album was released in two different versions. A limited edition CD+DVD version and a CD only version. It has topped the Oricon Top 200 Weekly chart and has so far sold over 200000 copies.
 Aglio e Olio is an EP by the Beastie Boys released in 1995. On it the Beastie Boys return to their roots of punk rock.
 Ghosts is the seventh album from German techno music producer Monolake (also known as Robert Henke). It is the second part of what is claimed to be a trilogy of three albums that began with Monolake's sixth album Silence. Although the album follows a primarily techno aesthetic it also incorporates elements of drum n' bass dubstep and ambient music.
 Unexpected Guests is a compilation album by hip hop artist MF DOOM released under the shortened pseudonym DOOM. The album is made up of a collection of songs performed by produced by or featuring DOOM and previously released at various points throughout his career. Unexpected Guests was released under the label Gold Dust Media (Studio !K7).
 Furnace Room Lullaby is an alternative country album by Neko Case and Her Boyfriends released in February 2000 on Mint/Bloodshot Records. It was Case's second solo album.Said Case of the title track at a performance at Austin City Limits in 2003 I wanted to write a murder ballad simply because I was such a huge fan of the Louvin Brothers.
 Walk On By is an album by organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1966 and released on the Prestige label.
 1984 also known simply as Praxis the 1984 EP was among Bill Laswell's earliest experiments with electronica and techno music. It was re-released on CD in 1997.
 P.S. Mr. Cole is a tribute album by jazz guitarist and vocalist John Pizzarelli along with his trio of brother Martin Pizzarelli on double-bass and Ray Kennedy on piano. The album contains covers of Nat King Cole songs as well as an original composition titled That's Nat.
 Chicken-n-Beer is the fourth studio album by American rapper Ludacris released on October 7 2003 through Disturbing tha Peace and Def Jam Recordings. The album's production took place from 2002 to early 2003 and was handled by several record producers including DJ Nasty & LVM Kanye West Mo B. Dick DJ Paul Juicy J and Ludacris himself.
 Saptarishi (A Constellation of Stars) is a live album of the Indian singer and Ghazal composer Hariharan released in the year 1996 by Magnasound. The album features 8 songs all of them performed by Hariharan during a concert at Siri Fort New Delhi in 1995.
 Punk Rock Is Dead is an album by former Misfits singer Michale Graves. Horror High had approached Michale to record this as a sort of farewell before he was to embark on a stint with the United States Marines.
 Uninvited Like the Clouds is a 2006 self-produced album by The Church. James Christopher Monger at AllMusic gave it four stars calling it a bloated beautiful unsettling storm of a record with everything an adoring fan could want and all the ammunition a detractor could carry.
 It's a Wonderful Laugh is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show which was first released in December 1996. It is a double disc CD which represents original material recorded during their syndicated daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.
 Dirty Money Dirty Tricks is the second studio album by a Polish thrash metal band Acid Drinkers. It was recorded in Studio Giełda in February 1991. The band's former album Are You a Rebel? was still to be released in Poland in April. Similarly to their former act also Dirty Money Dirty Tricks met its first release in Europe in June 1991.
 Raíces (Roots) is a cover album released by Mexican group Los Tigres del Norte on May 4 2008. This album became their sixth number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums. It won the Grammy Award for Best Norteño Album at the Grammy Awards of 2009.
 Fierce Heart is the eighth solo album by British musician Jim Capaldi. The album has a far more synth-heavy approach than any of his previous albums though the songs are mostly in the same aggressive rock/pop vein that Capaldi had long been associated with. This synth-heavy pop sound was exactly what 1980s audiences were looking for and the songs That's Love(which broke the top 40 in the USA) and Living on the Edge became hit singles.
 Change the World is a live album from Christian singer Martha Munizzi. The album was released on April 1 2008.
 False Cathedrals is the second album by American emo band Elliott.
 Ten Years and Running is a 2002 compilation album by MxPx. Released on Tooth and Nail Records there are nineteen songs spanning MXPX's career mostly from Tooth and Nail released but includes a song each from the A&M releases Slowly Going the Way of the Buffalo The Ever Passing Moment the Broken Bones and Fat Wreck Chords' Renaissance EP. The band self-produced a re-recording of Punk Rawk Show and two new songs My Mistake and Running Away for the compilation.
 Lecture #1 is a Mixtape released by English rapper Professor Green via his original record label The Beats. The Mixtape was released on March 18 2006 long before his mainstream breakthrough with Alive Till I'm Dead. The Mixtape features guest vocals from the likes of Nyomi Gray Loudmouth Skinnyman and Chynaman. Three singles were released from the Mixtape: Before I Die Stereotypical Man and the double A-side of Hard Night Out and Upper Clapton Dance.
 It's Better to Travel is the debut album by the British sophisti-pop band Swing Out Sister released in 1987 on Mercury Records. Upon its release the album reached number one on the UK Albums Chart. [1]
 In Control is Kary Ng's second solo album released on June 8 2007 in CD+DVD and CD formats. It is the champion of the album award of the four channels in Hong Kong (Chinese: 四台聯頒音樂大獎的大碟獎) in 2007.
 White on Blonde is the fourth studio album by Scottish rock band Texas released by Mercury Records in February 1997. The album was the band's first number one and became their biggest seller. It has been certified 6x Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry for sales of over 1.8 million copies.
 Dwarf Mountain Alphabet is an album by Joy Electric. This album was self-produced by Ronnie Martin after a successful Kickstarter campaign after a break with Tooth & Nail Records.Track 8 is a cover version of Sing Once For Me from an earlier Joy Electric album The White Songbook.
 Discosadness (2002) is the debut full-length album by Say Hi. Elbogen is the only performer on the album and recorded it entirely on a Windows machine which he built himself.
 Head First is the fifth studio album by English electronic music duo Goldfrapp. It was released in the United Kingdom on 22 March 2010 by Mute Records. The album's lead single Rocket was released on the iTunes Store on 5 March 2010. The album received a nomination for Best Electronic/Dance Album at the 2011 Grammy Awards.
 Only a Mountain is the third studio album from Christian Contemporary/acoustic/pop singer Jason Castro. It was released on January 15 2013 via Word Records and was the first record with that label alone without co-label partner Atlantic Records in tow. The album has already garnered acclaim from the critics and has already achieved success from the lead single Only a Mountain on the charts.
 Heart That's Pounding is an album by Sally Seltmann released on 6 April 2010.
 88 Fingers Louie LIVES is a live album released by 88 Fingers Louie. This album contains the full reunion show played at the Bottom Lounge in Chicago on August 15 2009.
 Nightwalker is the seventh studio album by Canadian singer Gino Vannelli. The album was released in 1981 featuring the title track Nightwalker that reached #41 in the US and Living Inside Myself a single that reached #6 and #13 in the US and Canada respectively.
 At One with the Shadows is the first album released by American thrash/black metal band Skeletonwitch released through Shredded Records. The album is currently out of press.
 Hablemos de Amor (English Talk about love) is the 18th studio album by Mexican pop singer Mijares. It was produced by Memo Gil and Pancho Ruiz. It has the song Te ha robado (He has stolen you) written by Mauricio Arriaga and Jorge Eduardo Murguía and it is the main theme from the telenovela Querida Enemiga (Dear Enemy)[1] besides Leonel García has composed four songs. Mijares signed up with EMI Televisa Music an indefinite contract from this album on.
 Crime as Forgiven by Against Me! or just Crime was the second real release by the folk punk band Against Me! but the first to actually achieve any level of circulation due to their previous self-titled 12 only ever having 145 copies sold. The record was recorded when Against Me! was only a two-member band; guitarist/vocalist Laura Jane Grace and drummer/vocalist Kevin Mahon (musician).
 Bright and Breezy is an album by jazz musician Red Garland recorded in 1961 and released the same year on Jazzland as JLP 48.
 With the sub-heading A musical setting of an order of morning prayer Liturgical Jazz is the first album by tenor saxophonist/composer-arranger Ed Summerlin recorded and released in 1959 on the Ecclesia label.
 Rock'n'Roll Tears is the third album from Australian singer/songwriter Loene Carmen. It was released in 2007 on Chiquita Records through Shock Records in Australia.The album was recorded on location in a barn in the Colo River New South Wales by Jorden Brebach and featured musicians from the Australian bands Mess Hall and The Holy Soul.It was noted that Rock 'N' Roll Tears is an anarchic loose dirty dreamy heat fuelled love letter to rock 'n' roll.
 Information is the first album by Berlin released in 1980 by Vinyl Records. It was recorded during the period when Terri Nunn had temporarily left the band to pursue an acting career and Virginia Macolino performed the lead vocals. Several songs were written by previous lead singer Toni Childs who went solo prior to the album's release.
 Hope is an EP by Palace Songs released in 1994 through Drag City Records. The title Agnes Queen of Sorrow is a reference to the short story Jane Sinclair; or the Fawn of Springvale by 19th century author William Carleton.
 Arquivo II is the second compilation album by brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso.
 The Best of JT Money & Poison Clan is a compilation album released by Luke Records containing the greatest hits from the group Poison Clan. The album managed to make it to #82 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Marshmallows is the debut mini-LP of The For Carnation released on March 12 1996 through Matador Records.
 Never Trust a Hippy is an EP from NOFX released on March 14 2006. It preceded their full-length album Wolves in Wolves' Clothing just as the Regaining Unconsciousness EP foreran The War on Errorism their previous album from 2003.The title phrase was coined by Sex Pistols' art director Jamie Reid for a series of posters allegedly aimed at Virgin Records owner Richard Branson. It was later used as the title for a live Sex Pistols album and as a lyric in their song Who Killed Bambi?
 Umbrella is the debut album by Japanese R&B singer Shota Shimizu released on November 26 2008 in Japan. The album ranked at #2 and sold 56442 units in its first week. After 8 weeks it sold 115863 copies.
 Disconnect From Desire is the second album by School of Seven Bells. It was released on July 12 2010 through Full Time Hobby and re-released on July 13 2010 through Vagrant Records/Ghostly International in the U.S. It debuted at #200 on the Billboard 200. A limited edition version of the album was released in a box set containing 10 exclusive tarot cards and an alternate version of their first album Alpinisms
 Paiyaa is the soundtrack to the 2010 Tamil romantic-action film of the same name directed by N. Linguswamy and starring Karthi and Tamannaah Bhatia. The soundtrack album originally includes five and an additional track composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja and was released on November 22 2009 by Think Music.
 The Hits is a compilation by Ace of Base was released in South Africa in late 2004.
 Salad Days is a studio album by the artist Adrian Belew originally released on February 9 1999. It is a recording of acoustic/unplugged compositions both old and new.A mix of solo Belew songs together with a few from the King Crimson era (Three Of a Perfect Pair Dinosaur etc.) the versions focus on Belew's songwriting rather than his exceptional six-string skills.
 :Garista: is a debut album by the British avant-garde music group :zoviet*france: who when it was recorded identified themselves as :$OVIET:FRANCE:. Recorded in December 1981 it was the first commercial album by the group who released it themselves in 1982 in audio cassette format. Subsequently it was re-released by the music label Singing Ringing again in audio cassette format (UK 1985) and then by Charrm in audio cassette 12 inch vinyl and CD formats (UK 1990).
 I Thought It Was You is the second studio album released by American country music singer Doug Stone released in 1991. Certified platinum in the United States this album produced Top Five singles on the Hot Country Songs charts in its title track and Come in out of the Pain as well as a Number One in A Jukebox with a Country Song.
 Live Tour 2008: Kingdom (stylized as Live Tour 2008 ～Kingdom～) is Koda Kumi's eighth concert video. It reached #2 on Oricon DVDs Chart and charted for twenty-one weeks selling 88505 copies during 2008. First press edition came with a sleeve case.
 All Wrapped Up is a Christmas-themed CD released by musical artists signed to Hollywood Records singing their own versions of holiday songs. It was released on November 4 2008 available exclusively at Target stores nationwide.
 Moonraker is the soundtrack for the eleventh James Bond film of the same name.Moonraker was the third of the three Bond films for which the theme song was performed by Shirley Bassey. Frank Sinatra was considered for the vocals before Johnny Mathis was approached and offered the opportunity. Mathis was unhappy about the song and withdrew from the project leaving the producers scrambling for a replacement.
 Around 6 is an album by trumpeter Kenny Wheeler recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label.
 Power is a 1973 album by the Spanish group Barrabás. It was the first album to feature new vocalist José Luís Tejada and drummer José María Moll who had previously only played with the band in concerts. Tejada had replaced original singer and bassist Iñaki Egaña on vocals with Miguel Morales moving to bass guitar. Band leader Fernando Arbex took on the role of producer.Boogie Rock / Mr Money and Casanova / Children were released as singles.
 Triumphant Return is the third album from the Christian metal band Whitecross released on January 31 1989. It reached No. 13 on Billboard's Top Contemporary Christian Albums chart. The album won the 1990 Dove Award for Hard Music Album of the Year.
 In Extremis is the fourth studio album by Thinking Plague.
 Straight to Hell is the third studio album by outlaw country/punk artist Hank Williams III. It was Williams' first release since settling a contract dispute with Curb Records and was one of the first releases on Curb's Bruc Records imprint.
 For the album of the same name mixed by the Fatboy Slim see On the Floor at the BoutiqueFor the album of the same name mixed by the Midfield General see On the Floor at the Boutique - Volume 3On the Floor at the Boutique – Volume 2 is a live album mixed by the Lo Fidelity Allstars. It was recorded at the Big Beat Boutique in 1999 in Brighton England and released in 2000.
 Nine Lives is the debut studio album by former Hollywood Undead frontman Deuce. The album was released on April 24 2012 through 10th Street Entertainment. The album uses both new songs remake versions and demo songs recorded following Deuce's departure from Hollywood Undead in early 2010.The album's first single Let's Get It Crackin' which features Jeffree Star was released on November 28 2011 with an accompanying music video.
 Glee: The Music Journey to Regionals is the second extended play (EP) by the cast of musical television series Glee. Containing six songs from the season one finale Journey to Regionals it was released on June 8 2010 the same day the episode aired. Half of the tracks are cover versions of songs by American rock band Journey. The EP debuted at the top of the US Billboard 200 and Soundtrack charts with first-week sales of 154000 copies.
 Free for All is a 1964 jazz album by Art Blakey & the Jazz Messengers released on Blue Note in 1964. Freddie Hubbard's composition The Core is dedicated to the CORE (Congress of Racial Equality) and expresses Hubbard's admiration of that organization persistence and resourcefulness in its work for total meaningful equality. They're getting he explains at the core at the center of the kinds of change that have to take place before this society is really open to everyone.
 Harvest Train is an independent EP by Juno Award winning Canadian singer-songwriter Melanie Doane.
 Buddha is the third and final demo by the American rock band Blink-182. Recorded and released in January 1994 under the name Blink it was the band's first recording to be sold and distributed. Blink-182 was formed in Poway California a suburb outside of San Diego in August 1992. Guitarist Tom DeLonge and Mark Hoppus were introduced to one another by Hoppus' sister.
 24 is a compilation of 24 hits from Christian group Point of Grace. It was released in 2003 by Word Records.
 Velocity is the first album recorded by the The Vels (Alice Cohen Chris Larkin and Charles Hansen).Velocity was published in 1984 under the Mercury Records label and was produced by Steven Stanley.
 The Sea and the Rhythm is the second EP from Iron & Wine (a.k.a. Sam Beam) released on September 9 2003 by Sub Pop Records. The song The Sea and the Rhythm was featured in the final episode of the first season of The O.C.
 Can't Wait to See the Movie is Roger Daltrey's seventh studio solo album released in the U.S. in June 1987. The vinyl album was released on Atlantic 81759 and was produced by Alan Shacklock David Foster Chas Sanford and Jimmy Scott. It was recorded at various studios in London and Los Angeles. Daltrey is credited as co-writer on the tracks Balance on Wires and Take Me Home.
 Into the Skyline is the second studio album by English dance artist Cathy Dennis. It was released in May 1992. Written with an aim toward the U.S. market. The album featured the singles You Lied to Me Irresistible Moments of Love Falling and Why - the latter was credited to D Mob with Cathy Dennis. The album got to #8 in the UK Album Chart whilst in the U.S.
 Tone Soul Evolution is the second album from The Apples in Stereo. It was recorded from February to June and released in September 1997.The vinyl edition of the album was released with a bonus 7 that included the songs Man You Gotta Get Up and The Golden Flower.
 The World Is a Ghetto is the fifth album by the band War released in late 1972 on United Artists Records.
 Neapolitan Nights is an album by saxophonist Willis Jackson which was recorded in 1962 and released on the Prestige label.
 Brave Heart is a 1983 album by Thom Schuyler. It was his first album after signing a solo deal with Capitol Records and produced two top 30 singles.
 Tao Business is an EP by the Serbian noise-rock band Klopka Za Pionira released in 2007 (see 2007 in music) on the Ne-ton independent label. It has only one song albeit almost twenty minutes long which is actually an excerpt from one of the band's sessions with Vladimir Palibrk (the brother of their regular drummer Vuk Palibrk) on drums as a special guest.
 Back at Your Ass for the Nine-4 is the sixth studio album released by rap group 2 Live Crew. It was released on June 8 1994 for Luke Records and was produced by Mike Fresh DJ Slice Professor Griff DJ Spin Felix Sama & DJ Laz. The album became a moderate hit peaking at #52 on the Billboard 200 and #9 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums as well as producing two charting single Hell Yeah and You Go Girl. For this album the group was billed as the new 2 Live Crew as Brother Marquis and Mr.
 Hal is the eponymous debut of Irish band Hal released by Rough Trade Records on May 10 2005.
 Weekend in America is the first studio album released by American electro house artist Wolfgang Gartner released on September 20 2011 on Ultra Records. A departure from Gartner's previous releases of primarily DJ tracks the album includes collaborations with several hip-hop artists including Eve Jim Jones and Cam'ron. Although introducing this new facet of Gartner's music Weekend in America features a mix of both pure DJ tracks and tracks with hip-hop influence.
 Mashed is a compilation album released on EMI on 12 February 2007. It is one of the first fully legal mashup albums. Most of the tracks were produced by Mark Vidler aka Go Home Productions. Boogie Oogie Music and Horny as a Dandy were produced by Loo and Placido.
 Bom Dia (Portuguese for Good Morning) is the first album of the Portuguese band Pluto. It was released on 18 October 2004 entering straight to the 6th place of the Portuguese charts.
 Third Album is the third studio album released by The Jackson 5 on Motown Records and the group's second LP released in 1970. Third Album featured the group's fourth consecutive number-one single on the US pop charts I'll Be There the Top 5 single Mama's Pearl and album tracks such as the semi-autobiographical Goin' Back to Indiana and Darling Dear. The album peaked at #4 on the Billboard album charts and #1 on the R&B album charts and also #1 on Cashbox.
 Sad Songs Remind Me is the ninth installment in The Emo Diaries series of compilation albums released June 24 2003 by Deep Elm Records. As with all installments in the series the label had an open submissions policy for bands to submit material for the compilation and as a result the music does not all fit within the emo style.
 No More Wig for Ohio is a studio album from American indie hip hop producer Odd Nosdam. It was released on Anticon in 2003.
 Colossal Titan Strife is the second album from French brutal death metal band Kronos. Released December 25 2004. It was recorded mixed and engineered by Kris Belaen at CCR Studios Belgium from August 12th to September 6th 2003.
 Like Red on a Rose is the eleventh studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was released on September 26 2006. The album produced two singles the title track and A Woman's Love which respectively reached numbers 15 and 5 on the Hot Country Songs charts.Unlike all of Jackson's previous albums where Keith Stegall served as producer this album was produced by singer Alison Krauss who also selected the songs.
 String Quartet Tribute to Coheed and Cambria's In Keeping Secrets Of Silent Earth: 3 is a tribute album to rock band Coheed and Cambria's album In Keeping Secrets of Silent Earth: 3. It was released in early 2006 and is one of many The String Quartet Tribute albums released by Vitamin Records.
 The Orb's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld: Patterns and Textures is a 1992 (see 1992 in music) video by the UK electronic music collective The Orb. It was filmed and recorded at a live performance at Brixton Fridge London 12 May 1991.A limited edition of the original UK VHS tape release came with a bonus CD (catalogue number ORBFREECD1) of the soundtrack. The soundtrack was also included as a bonus disk on a limited edition of the initial UK vinyl pressings of U.F.Orb.
 Start Something is the second studio album by the Welsh alternative metal band Lostprophets released on 2 February 2004 through Visible Noise in the United Kingdom and South Korea. The album was released internationally on 5 February 2004. The band began work on the album in 2003 after touring for support of their previous album Thefakesoundofprogress.
 Pure Cult: The Singles 1984–1995 is a singles Compilation by The Cult authorized by the band to replace the previous unauthorized High Octane Cult. It is also a reissue of the 1993 compilation Pure Cult: for Rockers Ravers Lovers and Sinners with minor changes.
 School Girl Distortional Addict is the second studio album released by the Japanese indie band Number Girl.
 Wee Tam and the Big Huge is the fourth album by the Incredible String Band released in Europe as both a double LP and separate single LPs in November 1968. In the US however the two discs were released separately as Wee Tam and The Big Huge.The album is considered by many to be along with its predecessor The Hangman's Beautiful Daughter the best work the band ever produced.
 6:6:6 is a split CD between Smackin' Isaiah (a.k.a. A Wilhelm Scream) Moronique and Merrick. The album got the title 6:6:6 because each band has 6 songs each on the album. It was released on a small indie label called Tank Records which was run by Smackin' Isaiah guitarist John Carvalho. The album had a short run of no more than 2000 copies and is now quite rare.This album is the follow-up to Smackin' Isaiah's second cassette release entitled Gets Eaten Alive!.
 The Natural Order Of Things is the second EP and the fifth release by the band Trespassers William. It was released digitally on March 12 2009.
 The Best So Far… is a CD/DVD compilation album by neo soul musician D'Angelo released June 24 2008 on Virgin Records. The album features songs from his two previous studio albums Brown Sugar and Voodoo as well as rarities and a second disc a DVD of previously unreleased videos.
 By the Light of the Silvery Moon is a Doris Day album (released March 13 1953) featuring songs from the movie of the same name. It was issued by Columbia Records as a 10 long-playing record catalog number CL-6248 and as a 45rpm EP set B-334.The album was combined with Day's 1951 album On Moonlight Bay on a compact disc issued on January 30 2001 by Collectables Records.
 The All-American Rejects Soundcheck Vol. 2 is an EP by American rock music band The All-American Rejects released December 16 2008 by Interscope Records.The EP features songs performed by the band during a live recording session with Walmart Soundcheck on December 5 2008 at the Hammerstein Ballroom in Manhattan Center and was released exclusively onto Walmart MP3 Music Downloads.
 Roots Of Style is Toshinori Yonekura's 12th original studio album. The album was recorded in New York with producer Prince Charles Alexander.
 And then it rained for seven days is the debut album by Irish group Music for Dead Birds released by Rusted Rail in April 2009.
 1952 is the third album release by the band Soul-Junk. It was released in 2 parts a CD and a LP vinyl record. Most of the lyrics are drawn directly from scripture specifically the New International Version. The sound on the album is a fusion of rock punk and jazz that one critic describes as making most of today's alternative rock sound like pure pop.
 Hit Collection 2000 is a compilation album by musical artist Ricky Martin released on January 1 2000. She Bangs 4:43 Private Emotion 4:04 Shake Your Bon-Bon 3:14 Saint Tropez 4:50 Livin' La Vida Loca 4:05 Come to Be 4:35 The Cup of Life 4:41 You Stay with Me 4:14 Loaded 3:54 Be Careful 4:06 Spanish Eyes 4:07 Nobody Wants to Be Lonely 5:06 María 4:36 The Touch 4:29 I Count the Minutes 4:20 One Night Man 3:50 She's All I Ever Had 4:57 She Bangs [Spanish Version] 4:36
 Neil Sedaka Sings Little Devil and His Other Hits is a solo album by Neil Sedaka released in 1961 immediately after the cover versions of earlier hits in Circulate.
 High Cumberland Jubilee is the sixth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett. It was produced by Travis Turk recorded in 1971 and initially released in 1976 on Andy Williams's small Barnaby Records label as BR/6014.
 Gambling with God is the second studio album by the Canadian indie-rock girl group Magneta Lane released September 15 2009 on Last Gang Records in Canada. Gambling with God is available in the USA for download as of November9th 2010.
 Resilience is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Drowning Pool. The album was released on April 9 2013. It is the first Drowning Pool album recorded with vocalist Jasen Moreno. The album was also made available for download from iTunes and in MP3 Format at Amazon.
 Jaula de Oro is the title of a studio album released by the Mexican norteño group Los Tigres del Norte in 1984. The album holds the distinction of being the first number one on the Billboard Regional Mexican Albums.
 Rasta Revolution is a compilation album by Bob Marley & The Wailers released by Trojan in 1974. It consists of most of Soul Rebels as well as the 7 version of Duppy Conqueror recorded during the album's sessions (although an alternate version appeared on Soul Revolution instead) and Mr. Brown an alternate version of the former.
 Enemy of God is the eleventh studio album by German thrash metal band Kreator. The gothenburg influences of the band's previous album Violent Revolution became more prominent on this album. It was released by Steamhammer Records on January 10 in Europe and South America and on January 11 2005 in North America.
 The Biz Never Sleeps is the second studio album by Biz Markie. It was released on October 10 1989 on Cold Chillin'/Warner Bros. Records and was produced by Biz his cousin Cool V and seminal producer Paul C instead of Cold Chillin' in-house producer Marley Marl.
 III Wishes is a 1982 album by the group Shooting Star.
 Analord is a 3½ hour 42-track series of recordings on 12 vinyl by UK-based electronic music artist Richard D. James. On 24 December 2009 the Rephlex Records website began posting unreleased/bonus tracks for the ANALORD series in MP3 and WAV digital formats. To date 20 bonus tracks have been added to the series which now totals 62 tracks for a runtime of 4 hours and 36 minutes.
 Laws of Illusion is the seventh studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Sarah McLachlan. It was released on June 11 2010 on Arista Records in the United States and June 15 2010 on Nettwerk in Canada.
 Sun Singer is an album released by Paul Winter in 1983 for Living Music. The album features the trio of musicians from the Paul Winter Consort: Paul Winter on soprano sax Paul Halley on piano pipe organ and harpsichord and percussionist Glen Velez. The album also features recordings of bottlenose dolphins courtesy of Dr. John Lilly and the Human Dolphin Foundation.
 Another Day on Earth is an album by Brian Eno released in 2005 on Hannibal Records.
 Hollow is an EP/DVD release from hard rock five piece Digital Summer. It was released on March 31 2008 and featured the single Rescue Me.
 Moodfood is a 1992 album by Moodswings.
 Birmingham (Live with Orchestra & Choir) is a 2013 live album by Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel featuring the Orchestra of the Swan and their Chamber Choir Orchestra Conductor Andrew Powell who was the man who did the string arrangements on the original studio albums. The album a Comeuppance production was released by Absolute via Universal.
 New World Order is Curtis Mayfield’s final album. He was paralyzed during the recording but still managed to both sing and oversee the project. According to Australian radio station Triple J Mayfield managed to painstakingly record his songs by lying on his back the only way he could get enough air into his lungs and singing one line at a time. After he recorded each line the songs were edited together.[citation needed]
 A Night in San Francisco is a live album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison released in 1994. Guest artists were Candy Dulfer John Lee Hooker Junior Wells and Jimmy Witherspoon as well as Morrison's daughter Shana Morrison. James Hunter and Brian Kennedy helped out with the vocals and Georgie Fame was also present.The June 2008 reissued and remastered version of the album contains a live take of the Morrison song Cleaning Windows.
 Radio Favourites is an EP from Mattafix. The EP contains the 4 singles from their debut album Signs Of A Struggle released in 2005. It was released as a download only EP.
 Hope is a 2007 studio album by Swedish rockband Silent Border it was recorded during the winter/spring of 2007 but was not released until the summer. It is the first recording project ever undertaken by Silent Border and was completely self-financed.Although originally written as a Pink Floyd-style concept album the storyline was partially abandoned during rewrites but fragments of an overarching storyline can still be heard on the album.
 2009 Taiwan Live (stylized as 2009 TAIWAN LIVE) is the second Fanclub Exclusive live DVD released by Japanese star Koda Kumi. It was her first concert in Taiwan and received positive reviews by Taiwanese fans. She toured 4 days around Taiwan and performed in front of over 8000 fans.The DVD includes off-shot footage of Kuu's time in Taiwan and comical commentary by Koochan herself.
 State of Lunacy is the debut album by the British hip hop group Rhyme Asylum released in 2008. It includes guest appearances from Diabolic Copywrite and Reain.
 Good Lovin' is the third studio album by Australian singer David Campbell released in November 2008. It is a collection of songs described by Campbell as 'blue-eyed soul'[citation needed] mostly from the 1960s.Like Campbell's previous two albums Good Lovin' achieved platinum sales in Australia.[citation needed]
 Descend into Depravity is the sixth studio album by Dying Fetus. It was released in the United States on September 15 2009 and worldwide on September 21 2009. The album's release date and title had been announced on June 4 and the cover and track listing were revealed on July 15.Only three band members appear on this album. With the dismissal of Duane Timlin in 2007 Trey Williams took his place as drummer.
 Touch is the second studio album by American R&B recording artist Amerie released in the United States on April 26 2005 by Columbia Records and Sony Urban Music. It spawned two singles: the number-one R&B hit 1 Thing (which also has a remix featuring rapper Eve) and the Lil Jon-produced Touch. The album debuted at number five on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 124000 copies.Touch helped her win the Vibe Award for Club Banger of the Year for 1 Thing.
 If Your Memory Serves You Well is the second major label album by Canadian singer-songwriter Serena Ryder released in on November 14 2006 on EMI Music Canada. The album is primarily a collection of covers of classic songs by Canadian songwriters although it also includes three original songs by Ryder. Two singles have been produced from the album: Weak in the Knees and Just Another Day.In Canada the album has been certified gold on November 5 2007.
 Love Love UK & European Arena Tour LIVE 2010 is a Live album by Scottish recording artist Amy Macdonald released on 25 April 2011 in the United Kingdom. The album peaked to number 89 on the Swiss Albums Chart.
 Greatest Hits is the fourth compilation album by American pop rock duo Sonny & Cher released in 1974 by MCA Records.
 In the Garden is the debut studio album by British new wave duo Eurythmics released in 1981.It was co-produced with 'krautrock' producer Conny Plank at his studio in Cologne with numerous guest musicians. Plank had previously worked with the duo whilst they were in their previous band The Tourists.Two singles were released from the album in the UK Never Gonna Cry Again and Belinda.
 The Truth Is... is the fourth studio album by the rock music group Theory of a Deadman released on July 12 2011. The first single is Lowlife which was released to radio stations on May 17 2011. It went to #1 on the US rock charts. It was co-written by Christine Danielle Connolly.
 Shrine of New Generation Slaves is the fifth studio album by Polish progressive rock band Riverside. The album was released on January 18 2013 in Poland January 21 in the rest of Europe and February 5 in USA. It is available in four different formats: digital 1CD jewelcase 2CDs mediabook and 2LP vinyl. The latter two contain two bonus tracks. The author of the art booklets is as is the case with all the previous albums Travis Smith.
 Play It As It Lays is the third full-length album by singer-songwriter Patti Scialfa.
 Crimson II is the eighth and final full-length studio album by Swedish death metal band Edge of Sanity. The album continues the story first heard on the album Crimson (1996).[citation needed]The album released to positive reviews[citation needed] was dedicated to the memory of Chuck Schuldiner.[citation needed] It is the only Edge of Sanity release that does not feature Andreas Axelsson or the rest of the original lineup.
 A Typical and Autoctonal Venezuelan Dance Band is the debut album by Venezuelan band Los Amigos Invisibles in 1995.
 Ravi Shankar: In Celebration is a compilation box set by Indian classical musician and composer Ravi Shankar released in 1996 on Angel Records in conjunction with Dark Horse Records. The four discs cover Shankar's international career from the 1950s to the mid 1990s and include recordings originally released on the World Pacific HMV Angel Apple Dark Horse and Private Music record labels.
 Make Way for Willie Nelson is the fifth studio album by country singer Willie Nelson. Due to his demanding schedule producer Chet Atkins delegated the session to Felton Jarvis. Nelson recorded the album between March and June 1966 with session musicians with the addition of members of his road band on the RCA Studio B.The single One in a Row Nelson's only original included on the album peaked at number 19 on Billboard's Hot Country Singles.
 For the Good Times is the second album from the American band The Little Willies. It was recorded in 2010-2011.
 All the Way... A Decade of Song & Video is Celine Dion's sixth home video release. It's a collection of her English music videos released on February 20 2001. This retrospective anthology features videos and live performances of many Céline Dion favorites with nine signature singles and seven new tracks. The DVD/CD package containing All the Way… A Decade of Song album was released on September 22 2003.
 MA Doom: Son of Yvonne is the fourth solo studio album by American rapper Masta Ace. The beats on the album are sourced from the Special Herbs series of instrumental mixtapes by MF Doom; Doom did not directly collaborate with Masta Ace in the production of this album outside of giving Ace his blessing to use the beats. DOOM however makes a vocal appearance on the song Think I Am alongside fellow guest star Big Daddy Kane.
 Marlena Shaw Live at Montreux (also released as Marlena Shaw Live: Cookin' with Blue Note at Montreux) is a live album by American vocalist Marlena Shaw recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1973 and released on the Blue Note label. Shaw's introduction to the track Woman of the Ghetto was sampled for St. Germain's album Tourist (2000) Blue Boy's Remember Me (1996) Ghostface Killah's song Ghetto (2010) and Spanish hip hop group Violadores del Verso in their song Balantains.
 A Night in Vienna is a 2004 live album by Oscar Peterson.
 Prelude is the eighth studio album by Brazilian keyboardist Eumir Deodato released in 1973. With the signature track Also Sprach Zarathustra (2001) (an arrangement of the theme from 2001: A Space Odyssey) Prelude would be the biggest hit Deodato and CTI Records ever had. The album features guitarist John Tropea on three tracks bassists Ron Carter and Stanley Clarke and Billy Cobham on drums.
 Ghetto Blues is the debut studio album by rapper Marvaless released on June 30 1994. It peaked at number 100 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Vámonos Pa'l Río (Eng.: Let's Go To The River) is the title of a studio album released by norteño music band Los Pikadientes de Caborca. This album became their first number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums. It received a nomination for Best Regional Mexican Album at the Grammy Awards of 2009.
 From The Heart: Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler released on 10 March 2007 by Sony Music Entertainment. The album contains tracks from ten of Tyler's previous studio albums including her most successful singles Total Eclipse of the Heart Holding Out for a Hero and It's a Heartache.The compilation was most successful in Ireland where it reached number 2 on the Irish Album Charts.
 Lost Tales is the second EP by Summoning. It consists of two songs: Arcenstone that was originally written for Silenus' Mirkwood project and Saruman a song left over from the Dol Guldur sessions in 1996.
 Closer to Heaven is an album of songs from the Pet Shop Boys 2001 stage musical Closer to Heaven. The songs feature the original London production cast and production credits go to Pet Shop Boys and Stephen Hague.
 The Blues Alone is a 1967 Electric Blues album recorded by John Mayall. On this album he chose to record all the parts himself with the exception of percussion which was provided by longtime collaborator Keef Hartley.The cover art and the original LP sleeve design are by John Mayall. Sleeve notes including track notes were written by noted DJ John Peel.
 Live at the Royal Festival Hall is the 33rd album by American singer and musician Glen Campbell released in 1977 by Capitol Records.
 My California is the fifth studio album by Beth Hart released in 2010. Hart worked with Danish producer Rune Westberg who had already worked on Beth's previous albums 37 Days and Leave the Light On. Westberg challenged Hart not to scream with animal savagery not to rely on the power of her voice but rather on the power of emotions. This makes My California a unique album in Hart's discography with a constancy throughout the tracks that the fans were not used to with the previous albums.
 Shearwater is an album by Martin Carthy released in 1972 on the Pegasus label as PEG12. It was re-released on vinyl in 1973/74 by Mooncrest as CREST25. The album was re-issued on CD in 1995 by Mooncrest as CRESTCD 008 and then again in March 2005 by Castle Music as CMQCD1096.
 Spirit Dome (2004) is a collaborative album by ambient musicians Steve Roach and Vidna Obmana. It was recorded in a live studio session in Philadelphia Pennsylvania on May 24 2002 beginning at around 1 AM. Although there are eight tracks on the CD they are not individually titled making Spirit Dome a single 73 minute piece of music.The music consists of electronic drones and other treated sound sources similar to Early Man.
 Keep the Circle: b sides and udder stuff is a compilation of b-sides from Oldham-based band Inspiral Carpets released in February 2007 to coincide with their short tour of the UK. The album is only available as a digital download from iTunes and other download services. It contains a previously unheard version of Saturn 5 with guest vocals by Mark E. Smith of The Fall [1].
 Snowflakes is the first Christmas album (fourth overall) by American R&B singer–songwriter Toni Braxton released in the United States on October 23 2001 by Arista Records. Along with the traditional Christmas songs The Christmas Song and Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas and a cover of Vince Guaraldi's 1962 song Christmas Time Is Here the album contains original songs which focus not only on Christmas but also on love.
 Back from the Dead is a 1997 (see 1997 in music) album by American death metal band Obituary. This was the band's final album before their six-year breakup from 1997 to 2003.Back from the Dead was the first Obituary album not produced by longtime contributor Scott Burns. Some copies of the album also include an additional CD-ROM Data containing videos live footage and animation.
 Versão Acústica 4 is the seventh studio album by Brazilian acoustic rock cover musician Emmerson Nogueira.
 See N.E.W.S for the 2003 instrumental album by Prince.N.E.W.S. is an album by Dutch hard rock band Golden Earring released in 1984 (see 1984 in music).
 Biblical Graffiti is the 5th album by Christian parody band ApologetiX. 5 tracks from this album would later be featured on the band's greatest hits album while another 2 would later be included on Hits: The Road.The title refers to Led Zeppelin's 1975 album Physical Graffiti while the cover art parodies the album art to Pink Floyd's The Wall.
 Christmas Interpretations is a 1993 Christmas album by R&B group Boyz II Men for the Motown label. Several of the tracks are originals written by the group and labelmate Brian McKnight; others are cover versions of traditional Christmas songs. The album has sold 1767000 copies as of December 2012.
 Para Para is an album by Taiwanese pop singer Ruby Lin. It marks the release of the second album by Bertelsmann Music Group(BMG). A few days after released Double Faced Ruby Lin album BMG features new AVCD format special edition containing one cantonese song 'Para Para' and bonus VCD.
 Dick's Picks Volume 23 is a three-CD album by the rock group the Grateful Dead. It is the 23rd installment in the Dick's Picks series of live archival recordings. It was recorded on September 17 1972 at the Baltimore Civic Center in Baltimore Maryland. It contains the complete concert except for the encore which was One More Saturday Night.Dick's Picks Volume 23 was released in 2001.
 Zurich is a live album by Praxis released in 2005 by the label Innerhythmic. The album is a recording of their performance at the Jazznojazz Festival in Zurich Switzerland on June 21 1996. Other selected parts were recorded live at the Knitting Factory NYC on June 30 2000.The song Transmutation was originally only one song but was split into 5 parts for the final tracklisting. The song Giant Robot is a version of the song from the album Bucketheadland by guitarist Buckethead in 1992.
 Songs from the Edge is the second album by British musician Dirty Harry (formerly known as Harry).It was recorded as the follow-up to The Trouble with... Harry (2003) and produced by multi-platinum Grammy-nominated producer Luke Ebbin (Bon Jovi Rival Schools). The album features Curt Schneider engineering and playing bass guitar David Levita on guitar and Victor Indrizzo on drums.
 Notebook Paper is the debut album by St. Louis rapper Huey. It was released on June 19 2007. The first single from the album is Pop Lock and Drop It produced by Calvin Miller Productions. In the video it has a dance which is mainly for females. The second single slated for the album is When I Hustle which features Lloyd adding his R&B expertise.
 Tales From the Hood: The Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 1995 horror film Tales from the Hood. It was released on May 9 1995 through MCA Records. It features songs from Spice 1 MC Eiht Wu-Tang Clan Face Mob featuring Scarface Ol' Dirty Bastard The Click and more.The soundtrack which consisted entirely of gangsta rap and hardcore rap did very well on the Billboard charts peaking at #16 on the Billboard 200 and #1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 The Elephant Elephant EP is the debut release by Evelyn Evelyn. It was first sold to the public on September 13 2007 and consists of a 3-song 7 single and a 6-track bonus CD (as well as a sticker of a conjoined elephant). The vinyl has full fidelity while the online/streaming and CD versions of the songs have been run through computer filters to create the sound of an old-time radio transcription. However the song Elephant Elephant is the same on in all variations.
 No Gravity is the first solo album of Brazilian heavy metal guitarist Kiko Loureiro. Kiko recorded with Mike Terrana in drums. It had a worldwide release in 2005. Both a No Gravity songbook and a playback CD were also issued and are highly sought-after by musicians and fans alike.The title No Gravity comes from the feeling that musicians feels while playing.
 Gypsy Trip is the debut album by Irish hard rock band Jaded Sun released March 2008 on Sian Records. The album was produced by Richard Mouser Jimmy Coup and Robert Vosgien.The first single Hey You was released on May 15 2008. The second single Crave was released in late 2008. The album was named as one of the best rock albums of the year by several reviewers.
 After School Special is the 2004 debut album by the Southern California reggae-rock band 3rd Alley. After School Special was completed with a budget of only $3000 and released in the U.S. by Long Beach Records. Shortly after the American release 3rd Alley saw themselves quickly gaining a fan-base on an international scale when After School Special was released into European and Japanese markets.
 Spider-Man: Original Motion Picture Score is the soundtrack for the film of the same name directed by Sam Raimi. It was released on June 4 2002. The score combines traditional orchestration ethnic percussion and electronic elements. A CD release of the score came out from Sony's label.
 Hold-Up is the third album from the French hip-hop group Saian Supa Crew released in 2005.
 Masters of Moral - Servants of Sin is the fourth album of the Austrian death metal band Pungent Stench. It was originally released in 2001 on Nuclear Blast. The album was recorded after the band had re-united. The lyrical content is more Christian-based (the cover also reflects that) though there are other themes such as school shootings (School's out Forever) and paedophilia (Rex Paedophilus and Suffer the Little Children to Come unto Me).
 The Best of Bob Dylan's Theme Time Radio Hour is a series of four compilation albums featuring songs Bob Dylan played on his shows as a deejay on the XM Satellite Radio and Sirius XM Satellite Radio program Theme Time Radio Hour from May 2006 through April 2009. Each album in the series includes 52 songs on two CDs. The tracks cover the range of genres Dylan highlighted on the program including blues R&B rockabilly doo-wop soul jazz rock-and-roll and country.
 Love Confessions is the second studio album by American R&B singer Miki Howard. Released in 1987 under Atlantic Records the album peaked at No. 145 on the Billboard 200 and No. 13 on the Billboards Top R&B Albums chart. The album's first two singles Baby Be Mine and That's What Love Is were R&B hits peaking at No. 5 and No. 4 respectively on the Billboard Hot Black Singles chart. The third single Crazy reached No. 38 on the same chart.
 In 1989 I.M.P.S and R-Tek Music International released Smurfin! Tenth Anniversary Commemorative Album a collection of 1960s and 1980s pop songs covered by the Smurfs. Created by Peyo The Smurfs were a hit in North America releasing several albums including a Christmas album.Smurfin! was recorded at the S.B. Studios in Huize Holland. It was produced by Cees Jansen and Sander Bos and was arranged by Cor Willems.
 Sve najbolje is a greatest hits compilation album by Mate Bulić. It was released in 2001.
 Riding with the King is a blues album by Eric Clapton and B.B. King that was released in 2000. It was their first collaborative album and won the 2000 Grammy Award for Best Traditional Blues Album. The album reached number one on Billboard's Top Blues Albums and was certified 2× Multi-Platinum in the United States.
 Paradise (named Big Fun in the US) is the debut album by Detroit-based house music duo Inner City released in 1989. The album was a great success in the UK and in US clubs and was one of the first house music albums to cross over to the mainstream charts particularly in Europe. Group member Kevin Saunderson (along with Juan Atkins who produced one track) is renowned as one of the originators the Detroit techno sound.
 In 1980 Pacific Arts issued The Michael Nesmith Radio Special to promote Nesmith's album Infinite Rider on the Big Dogma. Because Infinite Rider was originally designed as a multimedia project the radio special was designed to increase awareness of Nesmith's audio-visual productions as well as promote the album.The radio special comprises segments of an interview with Nesmith intercut with tracks from Infinite Rider. Within the interview Nesmith discusses The Monkees.
 Citizen Cope is the debut album by Citizen Cope released on January 29 2002. It is his first and only album for DreamWorks Records. The album boasts a lengthy cast of session musicians- most of whom are veterans. The first single from the album Contact featured bass playing from Me'Shell Ndegeocello. Most of the bass on the album was played by Preston Crump a session musician who was previously known for playing on songs produced by the production team Organized Noize.
 Napoli's Walls is an album by French clarinetist Louis Sclavis recorded in 2002 and released on the ECM label.
 This article describes the 20th album in the Canadian Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow! 20 is a compilation album that was released on 28 August 2012. This is the 20th album in the Now! series in Canada. It debuted at number two on the Canadian Albums Chart.
 Listen to Your Heart is Belgian band DHT's 2005 debut album. It produced the singles Listen to Your Heart (a cover of the Roxette song) Driver's Seat (a cover of the Sniff 'n' the Tears song) Someone and I Go Crazy (a cover of the Paul Davis song). Also covered is I Can't Be Your Friend originally recorded by the short-lived country music band Rushlow on their 2003 album Right Now while At Seventeen was previously recorded by Janis Ian.
 Stolen Hill is the second studio album by New Zealand recording artist Anika Moa it was released on 1 August 2005 by Warner Music NZ. The album was certified gold and has sold over 7500 copies.
 Sharecropper's Seed Volume 1 is the sixth studio album from Christian artist Nicole C. Mullen. The album was released on April 3 2007. The album's first single Convinced received disappointing airplay charting lower than any of Mullen's singles to date peaking at #27. The second single was confirmed in August 2007 and is One Touch (Press). A music video is also in the works for it and will be on the DVD WOW Hits 2008.
 Painkiller is a studio EP of ballads by recording artist Jim Bianco. It was released on December 14 2006.
 Killswitch Engage is the debut album by American metalcore band Killswitch Engage released July 4 2000 through Ferret Music. The album is the only release ever by Killswitch Engage to be released through Ferret the band would later be signed to Roadrunner Records where their follow-up LP Alive or Just Breathing was released. The band's debut is considered to be one of the first ever successful albums in the metalcore genre garnering a re-release five years after its original pressing.
 Conspiracy of One is the sixth studio album by the American punk rock band The Offspring released on November 14 2000 through Columbia Records. Following a worldwide tour in support of its previous album Americana (1998) The Offspring commenced work on a new album. By the time of its release the band had come out in support of peer-to-peer file sharing claiming it does not hurt sales.
 A History of Violence is the sixth album by Philadelphia hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks released on November 11 2008 on Babygrande Records.
 Endless Loop is overall the fifth EP by Japanese singer Eiko Shimamiya but this is her second EP produced by both I've Sound and Geneon Entertainment. It was released on December 14 2005. The single only reached #86 in the Oricon charts selling roughly 2282 copies on its first week.
 Reel to Reel is the debut album by American rapper Grand Puba. It was Puba's first solo venture following group projects with the likes of the short lived group Masters of Ceremony and Brand Nubian. Both of the group’s albums were critically acclaimed but failed to duplicate that success in terms of album sales. The album was largely produced by Puba himself with help from the Stimulated Dummies Kid Capri and others.
 North Hangook Falling is the second solo album by Mike Park. The title translates to North Korea Falling in English. The album was recorded in a week in January 2005 at a total cost of $2800. The album is predominantly acoustic in feel though there is some use of electric instrumentation.
 Full Bloom is the debut solo album by Hisham Bharoocha aka Soft Circle. It was released in January 2007 by Eastern Developments Music.
 Jaws is an album by saxophonist Eddie Lockjaw Davis with organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1958 for the Prestige label.
 Electric Guitarist is the fifth studio album by guitarist John McLaughlin released in 1978 through Columbia Records originally on vinyl; a remastered CD edition with expanded liner notes was reissued in 1990 as part of the Columbia Jazz Contemporary Masters series.
 Not Me is the second full-length album by 1980s dance pop/teen pop artist Glenn Medeiros. The album was released in 1987 (the same year as his self-titled debut album) in the US while it would not surface until the following year in most other countries.
 Joyas Prestadas: Pop and Joyas Prestadas: Banda (English: Borrowed Jewels) are the twelfth and final studio albums released by Mexican-American recording artist Jenni Rivera on November 21 2011 by Fonovisa Records. Joyas Prestadas consists of eleven cover versions with the first album being recorded in Latin pop while the second was recorded in banda. Both albums were produced by Enrique Martinez.
 Duality is a collaborative album by Lisa Gerrard and Pieter Bourke released in 1998. It was Lisa Gerrard's second post-Dead Can Dance album after The Mirror Pool from 1995. (It is sometimes confused for a Dead Can Dance album but Lisa Gerrard and Brendan Perry released their last album in 1996 and had officially disbanded Dead Can Dance earlier in 1998.)
 Rick Wakeman's Criminal Record is the seventh studio album by English progressive rock keyboardist Rick Wakeman. Released in 1977 the album is a loosely-based concept album on criminality. Wakeman intended the record to be similar to his first conceptual release The Six Wives of Henry VIII (1973) but it did not turn out as he wished.The album is entirely instrumental with the exception being The Breathalyser in which Bill Oddie one third of the comedy trio The Goodies provides vocals.
 After Dark is the first EP released by the Arizona post-hardcore band Scary Kids Scaring Kids. It was released independently in 2003 and re-released in 2005 through Immortal Records.The album was produced and engineered by the former The Ataris pianist/keyboard player Bob Hoag and mixed and mastered by Jason Livermore.
 2005's The Split Program II saw Caliban (Roadrunner Records) and Heaven Shall Burn join forces for a second time.
 Words for the Dying is an album by Welsh recording artist John Cale released by Opal Music and Warner Bros. Records in 1989.The main part is oral work read or sung by Cale written in 1982 as a response to the Anglo-Argentinian Falklands War using poems written by fellow Welshman Dylan Thomas. There are also two orchestral interludes two other solo piano pieces Songs Without Words and finally a song by Cale The Soul Of Carmen Miranda.
 The Boy Bands Have Won and All the Copyists and the Tribute Bands and the TV Talent Show Producers Have Won If We Allow Our Culture to Be Shaped by Mimicry Whether From Lack of Ideas or From Exaggerated Respect. You Should Never Try to Freeze Culture. What You Can Do Is Recycle That Culture. Take Your Older Brother's Hand-Me-Down Jacket and Re-Style It Re-Fashion It to the Point Where It Becomes Your Own.
 Fizzy Fuzzy Big & Buzzy is an album by alternative rock band The Refreshments released on February 27 1996 (see 1996 in music). Many of the songs are re-recordings from their previous effort Wheelie which saw a very limited release. The single Banditos remains the best-known song by the band.
 Ricky Martin is the fifth album by the Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin released on Columbia Records on May 11 1999. The album is one of the best selling albums of all time and has sold 22 million copies worldwide.This album is Martin's third which marketed in the United States and is his first album in English. Ricky Martin includes singer’s first US number one hit Livin' la Vida Loca.
 My Soul is the third album by rapper Coolio. The album was released on August 26 1997 and was his last album for Tommy Boy Records. Production was handled by Romeo Vic C. Bryan Wino Dobbs and DJ I-Roc. The album has been certified platinum by the RIAA.
 Szum Rodzi Hałas (Polish pronunciation: [ˌʂum rɔd͡ʑi ˈxawas]) is an album released by polish rapper O.S.T.R. and producer/instrumentalist Emade under the alias POE in 2005.
 MMX (2010 in Roman numerals) by Procol Harum is a live album released 2010. It was recorded as part of their 2010/2011 tour of Canada Estonia Finland German Italy Poland UK and USAThis album is also noteworthy because it contains three new Brooker / Reid tracks have never released before - Sister Mary Yours If You Want Me and War Is Not Healthy.
 Millennium Monsterwork 2000 is a live album by Fantômas and Melvins which was released in 2002 through Ipecac Recordings. It was recorded live by Vinny Palese at Slim's San Francisco California December 31 2000.
 Rock Hard is the seventh studio album by rock singer and bassist Suzi Quatro released in October 1980.
 Live & Unreleased: The Radio Show is a posthumous compilation box set by Jimi Hendrix released in France only by Castle Communications on November 20 1989. The tracks included were originally broadcast as a six-hour radio show in the United States on September 2 and 3 1988 and as such feature original narration. Live & Unreleased was released as a 5-LP set and a 3-CD set in the same year. Featuring rare songs and outtakes some still not released through Experience Hendrix
 The Ghost of Love is an album released in November 2009 by English folk-rock singer Robb Johnson and his band The Irregulars. The album takes the form of a song cycle based on a woman called Mary and the events that occur in her life at Christmas over various years.
 Andy Kim is a self-titled album released by Andy Kim on Capitol Records.The single Rock Me Gently hit #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 #2 in the UK and #40 on the U.S. adult contemporary chart in 1974. The song also reached #1 in Canada and #33 in West Germany. The single Fire Baby I'm on Fire hit #28 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album landed on the Billboard 200 chart reaching #21.
 New Breed is the first Korean studio album by Korean-American singer Jay Park. The album is divided in two parts the first part being released as a digital EP on December 28 2011 and the full album being released digitally on February 7 2012. The album was released in physical format by February 9 2012.
 Fuel for the Fire was Naked Eyes' 1984 follow-up album to their successful début. The band had Top 40 success with the first single off the album (What) In the Name of Love produced by Arthur Baker which reached #39 in the US on the Billboard Hot 100 and in a remix by Baker #35 on the Dance chart.
 Deal with This is the eighth album released by rap group 2 Live Crew. It was released independently on January 20 1993 for Macola Records and was entirely produced by Mr. Mixx. Only Fresh Kid Ice and Mr. Mixx appeared on the album and used the alias Rock On Crew for half the songs on the album. The tracks that appeared on this album were unreleased songs that Fresh Kid Ice and Mr. Mixx had recorded before Brother Marquis and Luke Skyywalker joined the group.
 Risotto is the fourth album by British electronica group Fluke first released in September 1997. The album is named after the dish risotto.Many of the tracks that brought Fluke to a larger audience are featured on this album including Atom Bomb used on the Wipeout 2097 soundtrack and Absurd used in many films/trailers including Sin City in 2005.The album artwork was designed by The Designers Republic and features a chrome-plated KitchenAid blender.
 Face the Day is the sixth and most recent album from rap metal and funk pioneers 24-7 Spyz. It is the first Spyz album in more than a decade recorded two years after their reformation in 2003. Guitarist and vocalist Jimi Hazel and bassist Rick Skatore return with a new drummer Tobias Ralph (formerly of Bruce Hornsby and the Range).
 Genius of Modern Music: Volume 1 is the name given to at least four different compilation albums by jazz pianist Thelonious Monk. Each version comprises some of Monk's first recordings as band leader for Blue Note recorded in 1947 (and sometimes 1948). The original LP with this title was compiled in 1951.Two different CD compilations have been given this title. Both redistribute the material from the two volumes in a very different order.
 Stanze is the second studio album from Italian contemporary music composer Ludovico Einaudi. It was released in 1992 and has been composed for the harp.
 Dark Moor is the fourth full-length album of the Spanish power metal band Dark Moor.Shortly before releasing The Gates of Oblivion the band announced their split. Due to musical differences Elisa C. Martín Albert Maroto and Jorge Saez left the band and formed Dreamaker. Enrik Garcia and Anan Kaddouri remained with Dark Moor. Alfred Romero joined the band as the new lead singer. Jose Garrido (guitars) joined shortly after followed by Andy C. on the drums.
 Playing the Piano is a concept album by Ryuichi Sakamoto which was first released in Japan in 2009. The album is completely instrumental and features Sakamoto covering his earlier work such as the soundtracks to Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence and The Last Emperor and also pop songs such as Thousand Knives by rearranging them to be played on a single piano. Sakamoto himself refers to the album as a Self covers album.
 Ghost Hardware is the third EP release by English electronic musician Burial released on the Hyperdub label in 2007.
 Our New Quarters is the second album by Julian Fane released in 2007.
 Songs from the Crystal Cave is a 2005 album by Steven Seagal his first. Seagal is credited with Lead Vocals Rhythm and Lead Guitar and appears on the cover and throughout the liner notes emotively playing and posing with a guitar.
 No Roots is the fourth album by British electronic music act Faithless released in 2004. It reached number one on the UK Albums Chart that year giving them their first number one album in their career. It features vocals from vocalist Dido LSK and the late Nina Simone.
 Some Kind of Salvation is the second full-length album from Tennessee-based band The Features. It was originally self-released on June 23 2008 with no advance notice or publicity. The album was produced by Grammy-Award winning Jacquire King (Modest Mouse Kings Of Leon Tom Waits Sea Wolf) and Brian Carter at his Paradox Production facility in Murfreesboro TN.On June 2009 the band was signed to 429 Records an imprint of Bug Music and curated by fellow Tennessee band Kings of Leon.
 This is a German album by Dalida. It contains hits like Am Tag als der Regen kam Romantica Milord and Tschau tschau Bambina.
 Back 2 tha Clap is an album by rapper Kokane released on July 18 2006.
 American rapper/producer Danny! released Behind The Beats Vol. 2 on October 23 2007 (see 2007 in music) under his Badenov Records/1911 Music imprint. It is the second promotional album in his Behind The Beats series which is made up of snippets from twenty songs from Danny's catalogue followed by a snippet from its sample playing directly afterwards. Like Vol. 1 before it the album cover for Behind The Beats Vol.
 Tribe is the second full-length studio album by the Italian progressive death metal band Sadist released in 1996 by Rising Sun Productions. It was the last album to features lead singer Zanna and drummer Peso. It features two live Japanese bonus tracks on the original release; Enslaver of Lies (live) and Sometimes They Come Back (live). Also a video was shot for Tribe in the same year.
 Viva a Brotolândia is the Debut album by Brazilian music superstar Elis Regina It was released in 1961.
 Spotlight on Nilsson is the debut album by Harry Nilsson. It is essentially a compilation of all four of the singles (and their respective B-Sides) that were released during his tenure on the Tower label (1964–1966) plus two previously unreleased tracks. It has been re-issued numerous times over the years with different sleeves attempting to capitalize on his later success at RCA. It was released on Pickwick as Rock 'N' Roll without The Path That Leads To Trouble.
 The Grudge is an album released by Mortiis. It was recorded at Silvertone Studios in Fredrikstad Norway in 2003-2004 and released in 2004.The artwork was done by Jean Sebastian Rossbach of the Living Rope Design.
 Passion – Sources is the second of two albums of music from Martin Scorsese's film The Last Temptation of Christ. The first album Passion: Music for The Last Temptation of Christ by Peter Gabriel was released in 1989 in conjunction with the movie.
 A–Z is the debut studio album by Colin Newman lead singer for post-punk band Wire. It was released in October 1980 through record label Beggars Banquet.Alone and Not Me were covered by This Mortal Coil on the albums Filigree & Shadow and It'll End in Tears respectively. S-S-S-Star Eyes was covered by P-Model and released as a supplementary cassette to an issue of the band's fan club newsletter. Alone was used in the 1991 film The Silence of the Lambs.
 Gichi / Ayatsuri ningyou / Karakuri no soko (ギチ・あやつり人形・カラクリの底) is a compilation EP by Japanese band The Mad Capsule Markets. This album collects all the songs from the P.O.P era (including a few B-sides) which were re-done for the Gichi Video. In an interesting fact the song Ayatsuri Ningyo (Marionette) has appeared on four different albums with different interpretations of the song.
 The Man Who Stepped Into Yesterday (often abbreviated as TMWSIY) is a concept album written by Trey Anastasio the guitarist and lead vocalist of the American rock band Phish as his senior thesis while attending Goddard College. Composed in 1987 the thesis included an essay piece and collection of songs (recorded by Phish) relating an epic tale from the band's fictional land of Gamehendge.Though the album was recorded it has never been released officially.
 Raw Blues Power is a collaborative Blues rock album by guitarist Paul Gilbert and his uncle Jimi Kidd. It was released in 2002.
 Shyne is the self-titled debut album by rapper Shyne with Sean P. Diddy Combs' Bad Boy Records and was released on September 26 2000. Shyne had been hyped prior to the album's release as similar in style and delivery to the deceased Notorious B.I.G.. Shyne had also drawn unfavorable media attention for being convicted in June 2000 for his involvement in a nightclub shooting; Shyne was incarcerated at the time of this album's release. The album peaked #5 on the Billboard Top 200.
 Shoot This is the second album by Australian post-grunge band Motor Ace released in August 2002. The album gained more commercial success than their first album debuting at number 1 on the Australian ARIA charts.The singles Carry On and Keeping Secrets proved popular on a wide variety of radio stations throughout Australia.
 Disturbing Domestic Peace was the debut album from Dutch anarchist band The Ex.
 Raining Pleasure by The Triffids was released as a 12 EP in 1984 and reached #95 on the Australian Charts.Although the EP has not been in print for some time selected tracks appeared on the Love in Bright Landscapes and Australian Melodrama compilations while all seven tracks were compiled on Beautiful Waste and Other Songs in 2008.Raining Pleasure was covered by Australian band The Paradise Motel on their 1996 EP Some Deaths Take Forever which is mostly a heavily processed instrumental with few recognisable vocal fragments. 
 My Point of View is the second album by pianist Herbie Hancock. It was released in 1963 on Blue Note Records as BLP 4126 and BST 84126.
 Rocket Man: The Definitive Hits (retitled Rocket Man: Number Ones for its North American release and Just Like Belgium: The Definitive Hits for its Belgian release) is a compilation album by Elton John featuring 13 number one songs and a number of bonus tracks and live renditions. Worldwide there have been released 17 different versions of the album including a CD/DVD combo. All versions include the title track Rocket Man (I Think It's Going to Be a Long Long Time).
 Turn of the Cards is a 1974 album by progressive rock band Renaissance.
 It's Good To Be Alive is the second album by D. J. Rogers.
 Suitcase 3: Up We Go Now is the third in a series of unreleased songs and instrumental sketches by the Dayton Ohio band Guided By Voices released on November 3rd 2009 on GBV Inc. Like the previous two volumes Suitcase 3 is a four-disc set containing 100 songs many of which are credited to fake bands such as Kelsey Boo Flip Heartthrob Johnson Firestone Erotic Zip Codes and the like.The fourth disc consists of impromptu acoustic jams recorded during 1994 and 1995.
 Blood Magick Necromance is the ninth studio album by the Austrian blackened death metal band Belphegor.
 Set Me Free is Marion Raven's North American and European debut album released under indie label Eleven Seven Music. The album incorporates a mixture of fresh tracks and previously released tracks with some revised versions from her Asian and Scandinavian debut album Here I Am. She also played the piano acoustic and electric guitars on the record. Set Me Free headlines Raven's inclination to harder rocking songs and a darker lyrical scope. The album has been released in Germany and the U.K.
 Cambio de Piel is the seventh studio album released by Mexican singer Alejandra Guzmán. It was released in 1996.
 Beatles VI is the Beatles' seventh Capitol Records release in the United States (including The Beatles' Story). It was the ninth album released into that market in less than one and a half years (Vee-Jay Records and United Artists Records also released one album each during that period).
 Gas Nation is Bay Area rapper J. Stalin's second album released in 2008. Gas Nation was named Bay Area Album of the Year by SFGate.com[citation needed] beating out San Quinn's From a Boy to a Man.
 Get Off the Stage is the fourteenth studio album and seventeenth album overall by rapper Too Short. It was released on December 4 2007 through Jive Records and would be his final album released on the record label.
 Simpático is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Gary McFarland and Hungarian guitarist Gábor Szabó featuring performances recorded in 1966 for the Impulse! label.
 Roch Voisine Live (full title Roch Voisine Live - Intime/Intimate) is a 2006 live bilingual double album the first in French and the second in English by Canadian singer Roch Voisine. It contains 34 songs of Roch Voisine performed live including some of his best songs and singles and some favourite album tracks from his repertoire.
 Mob Rules is the tenth studio album by British heavy metal band Black Sabbath released in November 1981. It was the second and last Black Sabbath studio album to feature lead vocalist Ronnie James Dio prior to the 1992 album Dehumanizer.
 The Essential Luther Vandross is a greatest hits album by American R&B/soul singer Luther Vandross released in 2003 (see 2003 in music).
 Retroglide (released 18 September 2006) is a studio album by the British rock/pop/fusion group Level 42. It was released 12 years after their previous album and reached the UK Top 80. It is a mix of electronica with Level 42's traditional blend of funk and pop.
 Live at the London Palladium is a live double album by soul musician Marvin Gaye released March 15 1977 on Tamla Records. Recording sessions took place live at several concerts at the London Palladium in London England in October 1976 with the exception of the hit single Got to Give It Up which was recorded at Gaye's Los Angeles studio Marvin's Room on January 31 1977.
 Casse comme du verre is the fifth album recorded by French singer Priscilla Betti. It was released on 10 December 2007 on the Jive Records label.The album reached #111 on the French SNEP Albums Chart and was ranked in the top 200 for seven weeks. Two singles were released : Chante ! which didn't chart and Casse comme du verre. Casse comme du verre was Priscilla's least successful album to date.Tracks from the album were used in the TV series Chante! which starred Priscilla.
 Bad Habits is an album by The Monks released in 1979. It is a spoof of punk rock led by the former rhythm section of the trad rockers Strawbs. The songs are composed by Richard Hudson John Ford and Terry Cassidy.Nice Legs Shame About Her Face was a number 19 hit single in the UK Singles Chart.In 2012 the Canadian musician Thomas D'Arcy organized a Bad Habits tribute show and track-by-track cover album.
 Arntor is the second studio album by Norwegian black metal band Windir. It was released on 11 October 1999 through the record label Head Not Found. It is the last record released with Valfar playing the majority of the instruments.
 Awaken the Guardian is the third studio album by progressive metal band Fates Warning released on November 10 1986 through Metal Blade Records. It has been reissued three times: first as a double album with No Exit in 1992 followed by a remastered edition in 1994 and once again as a deluxe edition Digipak on June 28 2005.
 The original soundtrack to the film Trespass was released in 1992. It features performances from a variety of hip hop acts including Public Enemy Black Sheep and Sir Mix-a-Lot. The title track was performed by two actors from the film Ice Cube and Ice-T. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA in March 1994.
 Another Time Another Place: Timeless Christian Classics is Avalon's eleventh release and their eighth studio album. The final album featuring Jody McBrayer as a member of Avalon it contains remakes of classic songs that have defined and shaped the sound of Contemporary Christian Music. It was released on February 26 2008.
 Meeting in the Ladies Room is the fourth studio album by Klymaxx released in 1984 (see 1984 in music).Klymaxx gained airplay on MTV VH1 and BET with the release of their single The Men All Pause. The song reached #5 on the R&B chart #80 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #9 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart. The title track to the album would become another successful single. The song reached #59 on the Hot 100 and #4 on the R&B chart.
 Happy Trails is the second album of the American band Quicksilver Messenger Service. Most of the album was recorded from two performances at the Fillmore East and Fillmore West although it is not clear which parts were recorded at which Fillmore. The record was released by Capitol Records in stereo.
 21 is the 20th studio album by German heavy metal band Rage released on February 24 2012 through Nuclear Blast Records. The production were once again helmed by Charlie Bauerfeind.
 When Heaven Comes to Town is the fourth album by composer C.W. Vrtacek released in 1988 through RēR Megacorp. Despite never being individually issued on CD the album can be found in its entirety on the anthology Silent Heaven.
 Between Birth and Death is the second full-length studio album by alternative metal band Sunk Loto. Released in 2003 it featured the singles Everything Everyway and Starved for which music videos were made.Somewhat of a departure from their previous releases 1999's Society Anxiety EP and 2000's Big Picture Lies Between Birth and Death is far heavier than before and shows greater complexity in song structure.
 Avoid the Light (German: Meide das Licht) is the second studio album by the German post-rock/post-metal band Long Distance Calling. It was published on 24 April 2009 by Superball Music.
 And Then There's Nothing is a remix album from the band Tweaker released on November 26 2013.
 Mr. Hood (1991) is the first album by KMD Daniel Dumile's first group. It was a precursor to Black Bastards (1993). The album featured samples from language-learning tapes cut together to create the character of Mr. Hood. It was rereleased by Traffic Entertainment Group in 2004 after being unavailable for several years. The album is now considered a classic and was listed at number 98 in Pitchfork Media's Top 100 Albums of the 1990s.
 Mucho Mucho is a Latin-oriented jazz album by organist Shirley Scott recorded and released in 1960 on Prestige Records as PRLP 7182.
 Horizon was the sixth studio album of Country music artist Eddie Rabbitt. It was released in 1980 under the Elektra Records label. The album produced two singles both of which reached number one on country charts. The lead-off single Drivin' My Life Away reached number 5 on the Billboard 100 and 9 the Adult Contemporary chart.
 This article describes an album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 34 or Now 34 was released on 11 April 2003. The album is the 34th edition of the South African Now! series.
 The Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull soundtrack was released on May 20 2008 as a soundtrack album to the 2008 film of the same name. Returning to the composition duties is composer John Williams who wrote and conducted the score to the original three Indiana Jones films and returning to record the score was the contracted orchestra of Sandy de Crescent: AKA the Hollywood Studio Orchestra.
 Enamorada de Ti (English: In Love with You) is the second remix album by American singer Selena. It was released posthumously on April 3 2012 through EMI Latin and Q-Productions making it her second remix album after Siempre Selena (1996). Enamorada de Ti was produced by Sergio Lopes Leslie Ahrens Andres Castro Moggie Canazio Cesar Lemons and Chilean record producer Humberto Gatica. Gatica had the idea of updating Selena's songs with popular contemporary music genres.
 Selections from the Arista Years is a compilation album that chronicles the Grateful Dead's studio and live albums during their time with Arista Records. This is a one-CD sampler sent to radio stations record stores and print media outlets by Arista to promote The Arista Years which had come out several months earlier.
 Trouble Over Bridgwater is the eighth album by UK rock band Half Man Half Biscuit released in 2000. The title is a play on words based on the Simon & Garfunkel classic Bridge Over Troubled Water. Bridgwater is a town in Somerset England though the similarly named Bridgewater Canal runs near to the band's homebase of the Wirral.
 Acidity is the fifth album by Indonesian avant-garde metal band Kekal. It was recorded in celebration of the band's tenth anniversary and was an official reunion album for the band. It marked the return of guitarist Leo Setiawan to the band and includes the vocal talents of founding member Newbabe. The album was released following the band's successful 2004 European mini-tour and a promotional concert and release party was held for the album on 13 March 2005 in Indonesia.
 Dhaani (Urdu: دھانی literal English translation: light green) was the fourth album by the Pakistani pop band Strings released in 2003. Singles from the album were Mera Bichara Yaar Soniyae Chaaye Chaaye Pal Bolo Bolo Dhaani Najane Kyun Hai Koi Hum Jaisa and Kahani Mohabbat Ki.Dhaani by Strings was Pakistan's 1st Record-Breaking Album with 8 Videos And 5 Awards. Qirat Hamed covered their song Mera Bichra Yaar man.
 Sweat Your Cheeses But Not in My Salad is the third album by Vas Deferens Organization released on November 4 1997 through Charnel Music. Inspired by Nurse with Wound's debut album the band included a list of five-hundred and ninety-seven bands that they deemed important on the inside of the CD's booklet.
 L'amour en vol is the third studio album by French pop-R&B singer-songwriter Leslie Bourgoin released on November 20 2006.
 Wish I'd Kept A Scrapbook: A Tribute to Tullycraft is a 2010 tribute album to the pioneering indiepop / twee band Tullycraft.The album released on Unchikun Records features cover versions ofsongs written by Tullycraft performed by a number of artists including: Math and Physics Club TheSmittens Bunnygrunt Hot Lava Darren Hanlon & Rose Melberg and many others. The album was compiled by Lee Grutman from the band LA Tool & Die and was a labor of love for all of the bands involved.
 The Best of 10cc Live is a 2007 live compilation album by the pop band 10cc. The album was given away free with the British newspaper The Mail on Sunday in June 2007 to promote the band's 2007 June/July UK tour and the recent release of the studio compilation Greatest Hits ...
 Shangri-La is the fourth album by Japanese pop-group BeForU and the first album featuring the third generation members of BeForU. It is also their first album to be released under the Gambit (Sheeps Eyes) label. It was released on October 8 2008. Planned to be included with the first pressing of the album is a 20-page color booklet as well as a box of mini-photos.
 Part 3 Random Thoughts is a studio album by Australian hip hop artists Koolism released 10 May 2004 by Invada Records.The new album features guest appearances from Rodney P (UK) N'fa (credited as Nfamas) and BVA & Raph (Mnemoic Ascent). Three tracks on the album (Koolism Is Adrenalin and The Grand Opening) receiving extensive airplay on Triple J.Koolism won the 2004 ARIA Award for 'Best Urban Release' for the album.
 From Russia with Love is an exclusive live album released by singer-songwriter Tori Amos in 2010. The concert was recorded in Moscow on 3 September 2010. The limited edition set included a signature edition Lomography Diana F+ camera along with 2 lenses a roll of film and 1 of 5 photographs taken of Tori during her time in Moscow. The set was released exclusively through toriamos.com and only 2000 were produced.
 The Kiss The Hope is the second full-length album by Norwegian metal band Lengsel released on Whirlwind Records in December 2006. The album was a stylistical change on the band's musical direction representing more of a sludge metal style.
 Blues with a Feeling: The Very Best of Taj Mahal is an album by American blues artist Taj Mahal.
 Quiver is the second studio album of the band KTU. Songs from this album first time were performed on festival Creating the World in Kazan Russia.
 Meat is an album by Hawksley Workman released January 19 2010 on Isadora Records and Universal Music Canada.The album was a longlisted nominee for the 2010 Polaris Music Prize.
 Anxious Disease is the first and only album by the rock band The Outpatience released in 1996 in Japan. The album feature several guest appearances most notably from Guns N' Roses members with whom West Arkeen co-wrote several songs in 1985. Soon after the release the founder of the band West Arkeen died from an overdose. The Album was rereleased posthumously in 2004 in US and Europe.
 If I Should Fall from Grace with God is a 1988 album by The Pogues. It reached number 3 in the UK album charts.
 Recess is the debut studio album by American electronic music producer Skrillex released on March 14 2014 by Big Beat Records Asylum Records and Atlantic Records.
 The Trailblazer Trilogy I is the debut album of the Memphis Tennessee native rapper DJB. Talk about when the album would be released had been discussed for a long time but it finally dropped on September 26 2011. Nobody was featured in the album besides DJB yet it still got many positive reviews from many sources and other places.
 Under the Boards is the sixth studio album by the American indie rock band Saves the Day released on October 30 2007. A post on the Punknews.org music website said of the album and its relationship to the band's previous album Sound the Alarm and subsequent album Daybreak:The band is co-producing the 13 songs with Marc Hudson and Eric Stenman at their studio in northern California.
 Jam Nation was the product of one of the Real World recording weeks of the 1990's. These recording weeks were spontaneous gatherings of some of the world's finest musicians. The project was the brainchild of Peter Gabriel who gave mix masters John Gosling (alias Sugar J) and Mark Rutherford just seven days to organise it.
 Live is a live album by American power pop group Big Star recorded in 1974 direct to two-track at Ultrasonic Studios New York for WLIR and released in 1992.
 Soundtrack for Scenario is the debut album by Hello Beautiful.
 Face the Music is the fourth studio album by New Kids on the Block released on January 25 1994. The album debuted at number 37 on the Billboard 200 in the United States with first-week sales of 27000 copies. According to Nielsen SoundScan the album had sold 138000 copies in the U.S. as of 2008.
 Autopilot Off is the first major label EP by the punk band Autopilot Off. It is the band's first release with the label Island Records and was produced by the then Sum 41 manager and producer Greig Nori. This was the first album by the band to feature their symbol - the split-in-half padlock - on the album cover art which would then go on to feature on all of their future-album's cover art.
 It's Hard to Write with a Little Hand was the only album by Rochester New York mathcore band Lethargy.The final track Humorless is a remix of Humor Me.
 End of Part One: Their Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Wet Wet Wet. It was released on 8 November 1993. The final two tracks — Shed a Tear and Cold Cold Heart — were recorded by Nile Rodgers at The Hit Factory in New York City especially for the album and were released as the album's singles. The cover photograph was taken at the same time.The album reached #4 in the chart the first time around but made #1 after a re-entry.
 Sorry for Party Rocking is the second full-length studio album by LMFAO. It was released June 21 2011 physically and digitally by Interscope Records. Party Rock Anthem was the first single released from the album and was an international hit. The second single was Champagne Showers and reached number eight in New Zealand and nine in Australia. It became an international hit also charting in France Ireland and Austria.
 Lady in Satin is an album by jazz singer Billie Holiday released in 1958 on Columbia Records catalogue CL 1157 in mono and CS 8048 in stereo. It is the penultimate album completed by the singer and last released in her lifetime (her final album Billie Holiday being recorded in March 1959 and released just after her death). The original album was produced by Irving Townsend and engineered by Fred Plaut.
 Trait pour trait is a 2006 album by the French hip hop group Sniper. It was published by a subsidiary of Warner Music.
 Full Circle is the fourth and final studio album by the American rock band Creed released on October 27 2009. It was Creed's first release since disbanding in 2004 prior to the release of their Greatest Hits album and was their first studio album in eight years (since Weathered) as well as their first with their original bass guitarist Brian Marshall in almost exactly a decade. It is also their first album with a title track that was not selected as a single.
 Some Boots is the fifth studio album by Karate released by Southern Records on October 8 2002. Following the release of the Cancel/Sing EP earlier in the year the band began recording material featuring longer songs and jazz and more active post-rock influences. The title is taken from the second verse of the lyrics of Ice or Ground?.
 Recordings 1994–1997 is a compilation album by Space Needle consisting of mostly previously released material from throughout the bands lifetime.
 Random Roads Collection is a compilation album released in 2012 by Project Trio. The album was released under Tummy Touch Records.
 Solemn Sun Setting an album by Human Drama was released by Triple X Records in 1999.
 Milk is an album by Hawksley Workman released in 2010.Unlike his album Meat which was released in traditional album format on January 19 2010 Milk was planned for release as a series of digital singles made available for sale through iTunes and Workman's own website; however the entire album was erroneously released to iTunes' United States store but not its Canadian store in January 2010. The album was officially released in CD format in Canada on August 10 2010.
 The Gabber Mixes is a 12 remix EP by American industrial metal band Fear Factory released in 1997 through Mokum Records. The track T-1000 is from Remanufacture which is a remix of HK (Hunter-Killer) from Demanufacture.The remixes were done by (in tracklist order): Technohead Chosen Few DJ Dano DJ Dano & Liza 'n' Eliaz.
 Vengeance is the fifth major release and sixth studio album by the Florida nu metal/alternative metal music group Nonpoint.The album debuted #129 on the Billboard 200 charts.The first single from the album March of War was released on Nonpoint's MySpace page. The band shortly thereafter added a sample of the opening track off the album Wake Up World.A remix of the eleventh track from the album titled Everybody Down is featured in the video game WWE Smackdown vs.
 Fire Burns in Our Hearts is an album released by the black metal band Clandestine Blaze in 1999. The song Icons of Torture is often credited as a collaboration by Darkthrone and Burzum on file-sharing networks.
 Brighter Now is a 1982 album by The Legendary Pink Dots. The album was rereleased in 2008. Ned Raggett off Allmusic noted that the sound is certainly among the roughest and sparest of any LPD release and in many ways is a tentative effort that is more a product of its time than anything else. It was released as a cassette before its official LP release in 1982. In Phaze's initial cassette release was limited to 300 copies with two different covers.
 Blaque known as 'Ivory' in some countries is the self-titled debut album from American girl-group of the same name. The album debuted #53 on the Billboard 200 albums chart where it went platinum.Their third single Bring It All to Me featured JC Chasez and reached the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The album also featured a cover version of Time after Time originally recorded by Cyndi Lauper.
 TunnelVision Brilliance is the 2006 debut album by Scott Reeder former bassist of Kyuss. The album took nearly 18 years to complete. Reeder performed recorded and produced the album entirely on his own.
 The Exquisite Death of Saxon Shore is the third full-length studio album by American post-rock band Saxon Shore. It was produced by Dave Fridmann (notable for his work with Mercury Rev and The Flaming Lips in addition to bands as stylistically varying as Weezer and Mogwai) and released on October 18 2005 on Burnt Toast Vinyl.
 Expo 86 is the third full-length album by Canadian indie rock band Wolf Parade. It was released on 29 June 2010.Expo 86 was recognized by Exclaim! as the No. 17 Pop & Rock Album of 2010. Exclaim! writer Josh O'Kane said: Long gone are the densely layered sonic landscapes of Wolf Parade albums past ― Expo 86 marks an evolution in sound but not a change.
 Fortress in Flames (2004) is an EP by The Crüxshadows. This release consists of remixes from 2003's Ethernaut and brand-new tracks. The video for Edge of the World was included on a DVD compilation by Asleep by Daylight.
 77 Million Paintings is a software/DVD combination by British musician Brian Eno released in 2006.The release consists of two discs one containing the software that creates the randomized music and images that emulate a single screen of one of Eno's video installation pieces.
 Mama I'm Swollen is the sixth studio album by the American indie rock band Cursive on Saddle Creek Records. It was released on March 1 2009 digitally March 10 on CD and was released on LP on May 19 2009. The entire album was played through as a preview at Subterranean in Chicago on June 27 2008. On February 24 2009 the band released From the Hips on their website.
 Sharks is the sixteenth album by the British hard rock band UFO. It is the last album to feature longtime German lead guitarist Michael Schenker.
 Burnt Offerings is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Iced Earth. Released on April 14 1995 it was the group's first album since 1991's Night of the Stormrider after which the band took a three year layoff. During this time they recruited drummer Rodney Beasley and singer Matthew Barlow replacing Rick Secchiari and John Greely respectively.Burnt Offerings has been described as the Iced Earth's heaviest and darkest record.
 Have Trumpet Will Excite! is a 1959 studio album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie.
 III EP is the fourth EP by recording artist Tinchy Stryder. It was released on 27 September 2010 by Takeover Entertainment as a free downloadable EP prior to the release of Stryder's third solo studio album Third Strike which was released on November 15 2010.The EP's cover art is a graphic image of Stryder with the Third Strike logo as a background in different shades of the colour green.
 #1s… and Then Some is the title of a two-disc compilation album released on September 8 2009 by country music duo Brooks & Dunn. It is the duo's fifth greatest hits package and their last album together. The package contains two new tracks that were both released as singles Indian Summer and a collaboration with ZZ Top lead guitarist Billy Gibbons Honky Tonk Stomp the latter of which is Brooks & Dunn's 50th and final single as a duo.
 Trust is the debut album by jazz saxophonist Boney James released in 1992.
 Black Gives Way to Blue is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Alice in Chains released in September 2009. This is their first release not to feature Layne Staley since his death in 2002. It instead features new vocalist William Duvall. This is the first Alice in Chains album released on Virgin Records and their first venture away from Columbia who handled all of their previous releases.
 Graffiti is the fifth studio album by Japanese band Tokio. It was released on April 1 1998. The album reached ninth place on the Oricon weekly chart and charted for three weeks.
 Myths and Other Legends is an album of music from Reeltime Pictures series of Myth Makers documentary videos on the BBC television series Doctor Who. First released on LP by Metro Music in 1990 and in an expanded format on CD by Silva Screen Records in 1991.
 Flat Out is a solo album by Donald Buck Dharma Roeser lead guitarist and vocalist for hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult released in 1982 (see 1982 in music). Although Roeser penned and sang all of BÖC's biggest hits ((Don't Fear) The Reaper Godzilla Burnin' for You) the band operated as a democracy and some of the songs he brought to the band were deemed too poppy by the others so he released many of them on his first—and to date only—solo record.
 Let the Truth Be Known is the debut album by hard rock supergroup Souls of We released on May 27 2008 via the group's official website with the first 1000 copies with blues musician Robert Johnson inspired album artwork signed by members London LeGrand and George Lynch. The album was later released on November 4 of the same year through Shrapnel Records under the moniker George Lynch's Souls of We with new album artwork a rearranged track listing as well the additional track Nork 13.
 Cold Blow and the Rainy Night is the third album by the Irish folk group Planxty. The record was released in 1974 and takes its title from the third song on the album Cold Blow and the Rainy Night.
 La mia poca grande età is the debut album by Italian singer-songwriter Alice released under the stage name Alice Visconti in 1975 on CBS Records.The album was re-released on CD in Japan in 2006 in Warner Music's European Rock Collection series.
 Moby Grape Live is a 2010 album released by Sundazed Records of previously unissued live recordings of the band Moby Grape. Included are recordings of the band in its prime in 1966 and 1967 as well as 1969 recordings subsequent to the 1968 collapse and departure of founding member Skip Spence. A particularly notable inclusion is the band's performance at the historic Monterey International Pop Festival.
 Ammos itane… (Greek: Άμμος ήτανε…; English: It was sand…) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. The album is entirely composed by Nikos Antypas with lyrics by Lina Nikolakopoulou. It was released on March 30 2004 in Greece and Cyprus by EMI and it went gold selling over 20000 units.
 Broken Shadows is an album by the American jazz saxophonist and composer Ornette Coleman recorded in 1971 at the same sessions that produced Science Fiction and but not released on the Columbia label until 1982.
 The Bosses is a 1973 album by American blues shouter Big Joe Turner accompanied by a small group led by Count Basie recorded in 1973 and released on the Pablo label.
 Unleashed is an album by Los Angeles hip-hop group L.A. Symphony. It is their last album before going on hiatus.
 Released in 1980 Telekon is the fourth studio album and second album under his own name by the British musician Gary Numan. It debuted at the top of the UK charts in September 1980 making it his third and consecutive (and to date final) no.1 album.Telekon is also the third and final studio release of what Numan retrospectively termed the Machine section of his career following Replicas and The Pleasure Principle in 1979.
 MetaFour is the sixth solo album released by John Taylor.
 End of a Rainbow is the debut album by American vocalist and songwriter Patti Austin recorded in 1976 and released on the CTI label.
 When The Tide Turns is a 1989 folk music album by Vin Garbutt.
 Live at the Elysée Montmartre is a music DVD by Keziah Jones.
 Overcome by Happiness is a Pernice Brothers album released in 1998.
 Strangers is the third full length studio album by British singer-songwriter Ed Harcourt.
 12 is the eighth album of the Chilean band Fiskales Ad-Hok. It consists of 12 covers.
 The Drake & Josh soundtrack (also known as Drake & Josh: Songs from and inspired by the hit TV show as indicated on the album cover) is the soundtrack that features many of the songs from the Nickelodeon series Drake & Josh. It also features songs that weren't used in the show but were inspired by it.
 Communicate! is the first studio album by the soulband The Solution formed by Nicke Andersson and Scott Morgan recorded at Atlantis Studio and mixed in Polar Studios.The album was released in 2004 and was followed up with Will Not Be Televised in 2008.
 The Best of TV Quiz & Game Show Themes was the 2000 follow-up to the bestselling Classic TV Game Show Themes CD released by Varèse Sarabande. Like the original the CD contained 20 tracks.
 Holidays in Europe (The Naughty Nought) was the third and last album released by the Icelandic post-punk group KUKL on January 24 1986. This album was more complex in comparison to The Eye with the pseudo-oriental flutes bells and pipes of that previous album abandoned on favour of keyboards and samples.
 Trance-Fusion is an album of guitar solos completed by Frank Zappa shortly before his death but not released until 2006. The album had previously been announced for release in 1999 and 2003 and again announced in 2005 in relation to the Zappa Plays Zappa tour.
 Epiphany is the first studio album by Smooth jazz artist Ian Villafana released in 2010.
 Kénôse is an EP by the black metal band Deathspell Omega released in 2005 under The Ajna Offensive. It continues the avant-garde and progressive direction they had been exploring on 2004's Si monvmentvm reqvires circvmspice and is considered by the band as something of an appendix to that album.The title Kénôse means Kenosis in French a theological term.
 Double Dead (Redux) is a CD/DVD Set by death metal band Six Feet Under. It was released in 2003 on Metal Blade Records.
 Mizutamari ni Utsuru Sekai (水たまりに映るセカイ) —The world reflected in a puddle— is Yui Horie's first solo album with mostly original content but also featuring versions of the Love Hina songs Yakusoku and Happy Happy Rice Shower.
 Me is the third solo studio album by J-pop singer Misono released on June 30 2010. The album was released in three different formats: CD only CD+DVD and a limited edition.The album was preceded in release by seven singles.
 Nowhere to Hide is the second and last studio album released by Philadelphia street punk band The Virus It was released in 2002 on Punk Core Records.
 Dead Water Diary is the debut album by Finnish band Soulcage released in 2006.
 Nikola & Fattiglapparna is Nikola Sarcević's third solo album. Released in early 2010 it is his first to be recorded entirely in the Swedish language and his first on the Stalemate Music label.The album contains a variety of genres but mostly focuses around folk-influenced rock and pop in contrast to Sarcevic's work with punk rock band Millencolin.
 24/Seven is the third studio album by American boy band Big Time Rush released on June 11 2013 by Columbia Records. The album is a more uptempo and traditional pop sound from the band but still incorporates similar melodies to their previous sound. The band worked with producers Matt Squire and Damon Sharpe as they had done in the past in an effort to mature their sound yet not stray away from their well-known qualities.
 Tracks of Life is the 26th album released by The Isley Brothers on Warner Bros. Records on February 6 1991. The first album in nearly a decade to include younger brothers Ernie and Marvin backing up brother Ronald the album scored two more R&B hits with Whatever Turns You On and Sensitive Lover. It would be the group's last studio recording for Warner Bros.
 Love Is 4 Suckaz/I'm a Sucka 4 Love is the first official mixtape from Zimbabwean singer/songwriter Andra. It is produced by Kerry Brothers Jr. (Alicia Keys' songwriting and production partner) Zeke MacUmber and Andra herself. It was released in July 2010.
 Tracy Lawrence is an eponymous album released by country music artist Tracy Lawrence in 2001. It was his only album for the Warner Bros. Records label. Only two singles were released from this album: Life Don't Have to Be So Hard and What a Memory the latter of which failed to make Top 40 on the country charts. That Was Us was later recorded by Randy Travis on his 2004 album Passing Through.
 The Moment's Energy is an album by British saxophonist and improvisor Evan Parker's Electro-Acoustic Ensemble recorded at the Lawrence Batley Theatre in 2007 and released on the ECM label.
 Live at Rockpalast is the first live video by American blues rock musician Joe Bonamassa. Recorded on June 28 2005 for the German television show Rockpalast it was released on February 7 2006 by Premier Artists.
 Otogibanashi (おとぎばなし) (subtitled Fairy Ring) is the 30th studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima released in October 2002. Like some efforts such as Jidai: Time Goes Around it mainly consists of her compositions which had previously interpreted by other singers or performed on the series of her musicals Yakai.Nakajima had a duet with Masashi Sada on You Reminds Me of... a song they wrote for Ken Takakura and Nae Yuki in 1994.
 The Belle Album is a studio album by soul musician Al Green. It is his first album recorded without longtime producer Willie Mitchell owner of Green's former label Hi Records. With Mitchell and his label Green also abandoned the famed Hi Rhythm Section which had previously played a large part in defining Green's distinctive musical style. This also marks the first instance in which Green plays lead guitar on his records.
 The Lemon Tree is an acoustic studio album by Daryl Braithwaite released in 2008 as part of the Liberation Music Blue Acoustic series.
 Rebeldes is the debut album of the band's namesake original Brazilian telenovela Rebel Rio. Released on 23 September 2011 by EMI Music in partnership with the Record Entretenimento containing production and composition of Rick Bonadio Bonadio Di Ferrero Cris Morena Gee Rocha and Eric Silver the work has fifteen tracks.
 Developer is the fifth full-length album released by indie rock band Silkworm. It was their second and final album released on Matador Records before they switched to Touch and Go.
 Transylvania is the fourth album by gothic duo Nox Arcana. This album is an musical tribute to Bram Stoker's Dracula.
 Iparhi Logos (Greek: Υπάρχει Λόγος English: There is a reason) is Greek singer Elena Paparizou's second studio album released on 12 April 2006. Containing 29 songs on two discs the album was certified gold in 5 weeks and platinum after 5 months of its release. It was certified platinum on 1 December 2006 at Iera Odos 30 where Paparizou was performing alongside Nino and Paschalis Terzis at the same certification party as the album The Game of Love.
 Jerk is the second album by Canadian alternative/indie rock band hHead released in 1994. The prize money that hHead won from a CFNY-FM contest went towards paying the costs for making this album. Some critics say that this album sounded a lot more 'produced' than the previous album Fireman mainly because of the style change from a garagey sound to a more professional sound.[citation needed]Videos were made for Answers and Happy.
 Matching Mole's Little Red Record (1972) is the second album of the English Canterbury Scene band Matching Mole. The band was formed in 1971 by Robert Wyatt after he left Soft Machine. Compared to their first album Little Red Record was more of a team effort with Wyatt taking a less involved role. It was produced by Robert Fripp of King Crimson and features Brian Eno as a guest musician. The album title refers to Chairman Mao's Little Red Book.
 Small Planes sub-titled Lost and Found Songs: 1996-2001 is an album consisting of tracks recorded during and in-between the Glow and Birds of My Neighborhood sessions. It was released in 2001 on the What Are Records label and is the group's fifth album of all-new material.
 For the First Time! Two Great Stars - George Jones and Gene Pitney is an album by American country music artist George Jones and rock and roll artist Gene Pitney. It was released in 1965 on the Musicor label in the United States and on the Stateside label in the United Kingdom. This was Jones and Pitney's first album together. It was Pitney's 11th record on the Musicor label. The album reached #3 on the Country & Western chart.
 Unstable is Adema's second and also final album to feature its original lineup with vocalist Mark Chavez departing from the band after its release and then again after their reunion. It was released on August 12 2003. It has sold about 400000 copies worldwide. Its radio single was the self-titled song Unstable which also had a music video but it didn't get very much radio play.
 Young Girl is the second studio album by Gary Puckett & The Union Gap released in 1968.The title track hit #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 #34 on the adult contemporary chart and #1 on the United Kingdom chart in 1968. The album landed on the Billboard 200 chart reaching #21.
 Aunty Jack Sings Wollongong is an album released in 1974 as a spin-off from the cult ABC Television show Aunty Jack. It contains a mixture of songs and sketches and along with the single Farewell Aunty Jack is the only audio release from the Aunty Jack crew.
 Fontainebleau is a 1956 album by jazz musician Tadd Dameron.
 Walk Through Walls is the fifth studio album by the american singer-songwriter Katie Herzig. The album was recorded at her own St. Cecelia Studios in Nashville together with Cason Cooley. The album was mixed by Justin Gerrish and was self-released.
 Together is the third album by the San Francisco psychedelic rock group Country Joe and the Fish released in 1968.
 Dressed Up as Life was the second studio album released by the Australian alternative rock band Sick Puppies but was their first album to be released in the United States. It was released on 3 April 2007 and peaked at #181 on the U.S. Billboard 200 albums chart. The song All the Same is the theme for Juan Mann's Free Hugs Campaign video on YouTube although it also has its own video.
 Rivers in the Wasteland is the fifth studio album from American rock band Needtobreathe released April 15 2014 through Atlantic Records Curb Records and Word Records. The album was produced by the band along with Kevin Augunas Ed Cash Joe Chiccarelli and Jarrod Rettis at various studios.It debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Christian Album chart No. 1 on the Billboard Rock Albums chart and No. 3 on the Billboard 200 chart selling 49000 copies in its first week.
 The Gambler is an EP by Mike Doughty released in 2005 exclusively through the iTunes Music Store. It contains mostly live performances. Several of the tracks are covers (The Gambler - Kenny Rogers Strange Powers - The Magnetic Fields and The King of Carrot Flowers - Neutral Milk Hotel) and two of the songs were originally performed with Doughty's previous band Soul Coughing. (St.
 Punk Life is an EP by Whole Wheat Bread. It was released on November 7 2006 by Fighting Records. Of the six songs on the EP three are original punk songs and three are covers of rap songs. The covers are of Lil' Scrappy's No Problem Lil Jon's I Don't Give a Fuck and Bone Crusher's Never Scared.
 The Same Sun is the second studio album by Irish singer-songwriter Sharon Corr and was released on 16 September 2013.
 The Very Best of Jake Thackray is a compilation album by Jake Thackray released by EMI on LP in 1975 and with a different track list on CD in 2003. It was produced by Norman Newell.
 Dogs of War is the twelfth studio album by the heavy metal band Saxon released in 1995 (see 1995 in music). It is the last album with Graham Oliver on guitar.
 The Art of Falling Apart is the second full-length album by the English synthpop duo Soft Cell released in 1983.The album reached No.
 Ultrabeat: The Album is the début self-titled album by the British dance act Ultrabeat. It was released on 10 September 2007 (four years after their first single) with All Around the World records. The album was a major chart success in the UK Album Chart as it reached #8 in its first week.
 Nuclear Cowboy is the 4th studio album by John Sykes. Released in 2000 in this album he experiments with adding electronic sounds to his characteristic guitar and vocal work.
 Hurry Up Mode is the debut studio album by the Japanese rock band Buck-Tick. It was released on both vinyl and CD on April 4 1987 through Taiyo Records with the catalog number LEO 009. The CD version had two bonus tracks Vacuum Dream and No-No-Boy. It was later remixed and re-released in 1990 excluding the two bonus tracks (see Hurry Up Mode (1990 Mix)). Moonlight was later re-recorded again for their 1992 compilation album Koroshi no Shirabe: This Is Not Greatest Hits.
 The Lonesome Jubilee is the ninth album by American singer-songwriter John Mellencamp credited as John Cougar Mellencamp. The album was released by Mercury Records on August 24 1987 (see 1987 in music). Four singles were released from the album the first two in 1987 and the last two in 1988.The album was one of Mellencamp's most successful worldwide charting in ten countries.
 The Dark Horse released on May 24 2005 through Hex Records is the debut full-length studio album and third release from the Rochester-based hardcore band Achilles. It is the follow-up to the split album Achilles/Engineer and received mostly favourable reviews.[citation needed]
 Freakish is the second studio album by English rock band Joe Gideon & The Shark. It was released in January 2013 under Bronzerat Records.
 The Best of Belinda Volume 1 (released in the United States as Her Greatest Hits) is the fifth album by American singer Belinda Carlisle released in 1992 by Virgin Records. It is Carlisle's first greatest hits compilation album and includes her hits from 1987 to 1991. It is the only Carlisle album to have topped the UK Albums Chart. The Australian and Japanese cover art differs from the International versions as does the American release.
 Where I Find You is the second studio album release by Kari Jobe which was released January 24 2012 but was her first album on the Sparrow Records label. The song We Are is the only radio and charted hit off of the album so far. The album has charted on three Billboard charts: No. 10 on Billboard 200 No. 1 on Christian Albums and at No. 5 on Digital Albums. All of the peak positions occurred on February 11 2012 selling 25000 copies in the first week.
 Chixdiggit! is the debut album by Chixdiggit. It was released in 1996 by Sub Pop
 Lost to the Living is the title of the third full length album by Daylight Dies and was to be released by Candlelight Records on June 24 2008 but was delayed until July 14 2008 due to problems with printing the album.
 Mechanical Bull is the sixth studio album by American rock band Kings of Leon released in Ireland Germany Sweden and Australia on September 20 2013 in the United Kingdom on September 23 2013 and in North America on September 24 2013 by RCA Records.
 Havana Daydreamin' is the fifth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett and his fourth regular major label album. It was produced by Don Gant and released in January 1976 as ABC Dunhill ABCD-914 later rereleased on ABC Dunhill's successor label MCA.
 Conversations is the first studio album and second album overall from Christian singer-songwriter Sara Groves and was released on March 20 2001 by INO Records. The producer on the album is Nate Sabin.
 Looking For A Home is an album by American folk singer Odetta released in 2001. It consists of songs written and/or performed by Huddie Ledbetter better known as Leadbelly.
 Sentimiento (English: Feeling) is the sixth studio album by Puerto Rican reggaetón recording artist Ivy Queen. It was released on March 27 2007 by Univision Records. The album features production collaborations with several Puerto Rican music producers including Monserrate & DJ Urba Noriega and Luny Tunes. It also features vocal collaborations with Don Omar Arcángel Tito El Bambino Ken-Y Randy and Naldo.
 The EMI Years: The Complete Collection is the eighth compilation album and second box set album by Greek singer Despina Vandi released in 2007 by her previous record label Minos EMI in Greece and Cyprus.
 Old Souls is the third album from English band Deaf Havana. It was released on 16 September 2013 and marked another shift in direction from previous album Fools and Worthless Liars as they head to a more chorus-driven classic rock style of music.
 Straight to Amy is the debut album by singer-songwriter Amy Loftus.
 Lochness is an album by Italian singer Mina issued in 1993.
 Let the Children Die is a 2009 album by prolific Canadian rapper D-Sisive. The album was nominated for a 2009 Polaris Music Prize.
 Hip-Hop Docktrine 2 (The Saga Continues) is the second in a series of mixtapes created for the television series The Boondocks. They were separated into two discs or editions with different artists performing on both.
 Tate Stevens is the eponymous major-label debut studio album by American country singer Tate Stevens. It was released on April 23 2013 via RCA Nashville and Syco Music and is his first album after winning the second season of The X Factor. Power of a Love Song was released as the album's lead single on March 12 2013. Another track Holler If You're with Me was given a music video and used to promote Pepsi.
 Live at Birdland is a collection of live recordings made in 1953 and 1956 at New York's Birdland.
 Mga Awiting Pilipino is the first studio album by Filipino singer-actress Nora Aunor that is in Filipino language. released in 1972 by Alpha Records Corporation in the Philippines in LP format The album contains some of the original Filipino compositions by National Artist for Music Levi Celerio.
 Direction Reaction Creation is an anthology issued in 1997 by the British band The Jam. It includes 117 tracks over 5 discs including all of the songs from their singles (although where applicable the A sides are present in their album versions only) and six studio albums.The box set reached #8 in the UK charts. A year later another anthology box set this time by Weller's second band The Style Council was released titled The Complete Adventures of The Style Council.
 Dots and Loops is the fifth studio album by the band Stereolab released in September 1997. Andi Toma and Jan St. Werner of Mouse on Mars contribute to several tracks and the album was produced by Andi Toma. The song Parsec was used in the launch of the Volkswagen New Beetle. There is also a club in Manchester which takes its name from the album.
 Eyes Don't Lie is a full-length album by Donny Osmond issued in 1990 on Capitol. It featured three singles: My Love Is A Fire reached a peak of 21 Sure Lookin' peaked at number 54 while last single Love Will Survive failed to chart. The album itself reached a peak of 177.
 'Katla' is the second album by Norwegian singer-songwriter Ida Maria. It was released in Norway in September 2010 and internationally in June 2011.
 Live from the 9:30 Club: Bootleg No. 3 is the third live album released by Denver-based piano-rock band The Fray released as both a CD and a digital download for those who pre-ordered their second album The Fray. Live from the 9:30 Club was recorded during The Fray's club tour in January 2009 shortly before the release of The Fray on 2 February 2009.
 Right Now is an album by former Furious Five members Grandmaster Mele Mel and Scorpio. The album was released on April 8 1997 for Str8 Game Records and was produced by Mele Mel and Scorpio. The album was a critical and commercial failure and did not make it to the billboard charts. Two singles were released Mama and Mr. Big Stuff but neither of the two made it the billboard charts either.The European release had the interview snippets removed and the track listing altered.
 The Essential Collection 1995–2005 is a compilation studio album released by the melodic hard rock band Ten. The double compact disc is a re-recording of songs from the Ten catalog the original versions being available on previous releases. The new versions were recorded by the personnel listed below.
 Friday Night Lights is the soundtrack for the television series Friday Night Lights a program inspired by the film of the same name. Although post-rock band Explosions in the Sky wrote most of the film's soundtrack the music for the television series was a more accessible affair with bands such as The Killers and OutKast featuring on it.
 Her Name Was Tragedy is the first EP by the band Dead and Divine and was released in 2004.
 Gloria is the first Christmas album from Canadian pop punk band Hawk Nelson. It was released on November 21 2006.
 The Real McKenzies is the debut album by The Real McKenzies released in 1995.
 Love Is Gonna Getcha is an album by American singer Patti Austin released in 1990 and recorded for the GRP label. The album reached #4 on Billboard's Jazz chart.
 Undoing Ruin is the fourth full-length studio album by Melodic Death Metal band Darkest Hour released on June 28 2005.It was the band's first album to enter the Billboard 200 albums chart debuting at #138. Convalescence served as the album's single with a music video that aired frequently on MTV2's Headbangers Ball.
 A Letter to Myself is the fifth studio album by American soul group The Chi-Lites produced and largely written by lead singer Eugene Record. The album was released in 1973 on the Brunswick label.
 Bigger Than America is the sixth album by the English synthpop group Heaven 17 released in 1996. The album did not chart in the UK.The album peaked at number one on Germany Alphabeat Redaktionscharts' Rock/Pop/Alternative Charts in November 1996. It was listed as number 6 on the Addicted to Noise's Writers Poll.
 Mammal is the second studio album by the Irish black metal band Altar of Plagues. It was released through Candlelight Records in Europe and Profound Lore Records in North America each with different artwork.
 Rev-Raptor is the 13th studio album by German heavy metal band U.D.O. released on May 20 2011 through AFM Records.
 We're Already Gone is the second full length album by The Beautiful Girls an Australian roots band. Leaving their original acoustic set-up the band start to experiment with electric guitars a concept taken further in their latest release Ziggurats. This album also has a darker more reggae flavour and sound than previous releases.
 Vita e opinioni di Nello Scarpellini gentiluomo (Life and Opinions of Nello Scarpellini gentleman) is the fourth album by the Italian band Zen Circus released in 2005 by I dischi de l'amico immaginario.
 Route 666 is The Hamsters fourth CD release and like the previous album The Hamsters was a studio recording using lots of uncharacteristic overdubs and other studio techniques. The album was recorded during the tail-end of Zsa Zsa's absence due to illness though he returned for two of the tracks.
 Even Greater contains 15 tracks and is the 22nd album by Planetshakers. It was recorded at the Melbourne Convention Centre in November 2009 over two services.
 Metallic Attack: The Ultimate Tribute is a tribute album to thrash metal band Metallica. Motörhead's cover of Whiplash from this album won a Grammy for Best Metal Performance in 2005. The album contains covers of songs from Metallica's first 5 studio albums.
 Single White Female is the fourth studio album by American country artist Chely Wright. The album was released on May 18 1999 on MCA Nashville Records and was produced by Tony Brown Buddy Cannon and Norro Wilson. Single White Female became Wright's most successful album receiving an RIAA certification and spawning two major hit singles. The album received mainly positive reviews from critics many of which praised the blending of its musical differentiation.
 Sweet Robots Against the Machine is the third solo album from Japanese electronic musician Towa Tei released in 1999 in Japan only on EastWest Records. In its original form the album came with a bonus disc which contained the last track A Night of Ubud.As was the case with Tei's previous albums Sweet Robots Against the Machine incorporates a variety of musical styles although its base-genre is electronic.
 Nobody's Got It All is the eighteenth studio album by country music artist John Anderson released under the Columbia Records label on March 27 2001. The album produced the singles Nobody's Got It All which peaked at 55 on the country charts and You Ain't Hurt Nothin' Yet which peaked at 56.
 Atomic Rooster is the sixth studio album by British rock band Atomic Rooster. It was recorded when the band regrouped after breaking up for five years and they embarked on a raw style which was in marked contrast to that of their past few albums. In addition its heavier sound fitted in better with the New Wave of British Heavy Metal scene.Two tracks She's My Woman and Where's the Show? were originally recorded by John Du Cann for his solo album The World's Not Big Enough in 1977.
 Caterwaul & Doggerel is an album release in 1995 by Bob Snider.
 Let's Build a World Together is an album by country music artists George Jones and Tammy Wynette. This album was released in 1973 (see 1973 in country music) on the Epic Records label. It peaked at number 12 on the Billboard Country Albums chart.
 Free Fall is the fourth studio album by the New Flamenco artist Jesse Cook. Musicians vary by track including Jesse Cook Art Avalos Mario Melo Paul Antonio Etric Lyons Steven Greenman Ron Allen Rick Shadrach Lazar Djivan Gasparyan George Gao Ron Allen Kathleen Kajioka Nancy Cardwell Danny Wilde Peter Cardinali and Kevin Laliberte. Fall At Your Feet has a live performance of Mario Takes a Walk appended to it.
 Strange Faith and Practice is the seventh album by American-born singer/songwriter Jeb Loy Nichols released in 2009 on Impossible Ark Records.
 Volcano is the ninth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett and is his 11th overall. It was released in May 1979 as MCA 5102 and was his first release on that label after its absorption of ABC Dunhill.The album and its title song are named for the then dormant Soufrière Hills volcano on the island of Montserrat in the British West Indies where Buffett recorded the album in May 1979 at AIR Studios.
 Dead Space was the only album released by Omaha Nebraska natives Slowdown Virginia. Released by Lumberjack Records (which later became Saddle Creek) in 1994 the album was pressed in a finite amount of copies (aimed at the local scene without expecting a much larger fan base). Shortly after the release of the album Slowdown Virginia broke up.
 Me & My is the first album by the Danish eurodance duo Me & My originally released in 1995.
 Connected (released 2004 in Oslo Norway by Jazzland – 0602498663783) is a Nu Jazz album by the Norwegian guitarist Eivind Aarset.All About Jazz critique John Kelman in his review of Aarset's album Connected states:
 United We Stand is the debut album by The Brotherhood of Man. It was released in 1970 on Deram.
 The View from the Bottom is the fifth studio album by the rock band Lit released on June 19 2012 through Megaforce Records. It is the band's first new album in eight years since the release of their self-titled album in 2004. It also marks the first album with Nathan Walker on drums replacing the late Allen Shellenberger who died from cancer in 2009 and second guitarist Ryan Gillmor making it the first time the band has recorded as a five-piece.
 Spitshine is the third studio album by Australian hip hop artist and member of The Herd Urthboy. It was released on 28 August 2009.
 So Lucky is Renée Geyer's ninth solo album and the second to be issued in the United States where it was released on the Portrait label. Like its American predecessor on Polydor it was retitled Renee Geyer for the international market. It was co-produced by former Beach Boy Ricky Fataar and she was backed by The Bump Band who were also backing Bonnie Raitt at around the same time.
 Lonely Ballet (孤單芭蕾) is an album by Taiwanese pop singer Evonne Hsu released in 2002.
 One Foot in Hell is the third studio album by the American heavy metal band Cirith Ungol. The original LP was produced by Brian Slagel and Cirith Ungol. It was released in August 1986 on Metal Blade Records and re-released in March 1999 by Metal Blade Records on CD.
 My Elegy is a concert video recording of the Toshiko Akiyoshi Jazz Orchestra featuring Lew Tabackin. It was released in Japan in 1984 by LaserDisc Corp. as a LaserVision video disk.
 Anything Goes is an album by bassist Ron Carter recorded at Rudy Van Gelder's Studio in New Jersey in 1975 and released on the Kudu label.
 Party Intellectuals is the debut album by jazz fusion trio Marc Ribot's Ceramic Dog. It was produced by Joel Hamilton and released June 24 2008 on Pi Recordings.
 Live Jam was a live album released in 1993 by Polydor after The Jam's split in 1982.
 Weather and Water is a 2005 studio album by the Austin Texas progressive bluegrass band The Greencards. Their second Dualtone album release of 2005 after their debut 2003 album Movin' On was re-released earlier in the year by their label Dualtone Records Weather and Water was released on June 28.
 Reflections from the Firepool is the fourth studio album by American rock band Djam Karet.
 Vol. 3: (The Subliminal Verses) is the third studio album by American metal band Slipknot. The album was released on May 25 2004 through Roadrunner Records and a special edition containing a bonus disc was released on April 12 2005. It is the band’s only album produced by Rick Rubin and also the only one not to feature harsh profanity. Following the band’s tour to promote its second album in 2002 speculation regarding the future began.
 Dondestan is the sixth studio album by Robert Wyatt. It was released in 1991.
 Road Of Dreams (Persian: جاده رویاها) is a studio album by Sirvan Khosravi released in 2012.The song Na Naro! (Don't go) was chosen by FunX Radio as a popular song.
 Inside Straight is a live album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley recorded at the Fantasy Studios in Berkeley California in 1973 featuring performances by Adderley's Quintet with Nat Adderley Hal Galper Walter Booker and Roy McCurdy with guest percussionist King Errisson.
 Winter Solas is an album of songs and psalm settings focusing on the liturgical seasons of Advent Christmas and Pentecost by the Belfast-based liturgical music group Solas. It was released in 1998 and is now distributed by GIA Publications.Winter Solas does not yet have an accompanying book of sheet music in the public domain but the scores of most songs are available by request.
 Johnny Kemp is a the self-titled debut studio album by American recording artist Johnny Kemp. The first hit from the album was the single Just Another Lover. The album also includes the hits Cover Girl Penthouse Lover and Cant Get Enough. This album was digitally remastered first by Blue Bird Records in 2007 and recently by Funky Town Grooves in 2013 including 8 additional bonus tracks mainly remixes and instrumental versions.
 Son of Oi! is a 1983 punk compilation album released by Syndicate Records.
 Just Be Free is a demo album released by Warlock Records featuring music recorded by American recording artist Christina Aguilera. After finishing her run on The New Mickey Mouse Club fifteen-year-old Aguilera began recording the album with New Jersey-based producers Roberts Alleca and Michael Brown.
 The Invaluable Darkness is a live DVD by symphonic black metal band Dimmu Borgir. It was released on October 14 2008. It is also the eighth song not counting bonus tracks on In Sorte Diaboli their eighth studio album.
 The Untied States of Elephant Micah is the second album by Indiana lo-fi/indie musician Joe O'Connell a.k.a. Elephant Micah. Originally released on CD-R by Orphanology in September 2002 it was officially released on BlueSanct Records in February 2004. Only 52 copies of the original CD-R were made and it included 3 live recordings which are not on the reissue.
 Men Without Women credited to Little Steven & The Disciples of Soul was the debut solo album by Steven Van Zandt a member of Bruce Springsteen's E Street Band and a songwriter / producer with the Jersey Shore band Southside Johnny & The Asbury Jukes. The title track was inspired by the Ernest Hemingway collection of short stories of the same name. In 1980 Van Zandt produced Dedication a comeback album for Gary U.S. Bonds.
 Jason Castro is the self-titled debut studio album recorded by Jason Castro. The album was released on April 13 2010.
 Uetoayamix is a remix album by Japanese pop singer Aya Ueto. It was released on August 24 2005 on Flight Master.
 Ride is the second studio album from Filipino American pop and R&B singer Billy Crawford.Following the failure of the lead single When You're in Love With Someone in the United States the album's release was cancelled. However the album garnered a #1 international hit with Trackin' making its following release in international markets successful. Three additional singles followed along with a special edition re-release in 2003.
 Legs and Boots is a series of Tori Amos live albums recorded during the North American leg of the American Doll Posse Tour. Amos announced the launch of the series on October 16 2007 stating that each show in the series would be available via digital download in MP3 format within a few hours after each show and in CD-quality FLAC format within a week. Some sets contained photos from backstage or onstage from the concert some also contained soundcheck recordings as extras.
 Tearing Down the Walls is the third studio album by American singer actress and musician E.G. Daily released in 1999.
 Christmas Favorites (2012) is an EP album introduced for digital distribution by Sara Niemietz.2012 was Sara Niemietz' third year for publishing traditional Christmas song covers teaming with Randy Kerber on All I Want for Christmas Is You (Vince Vance & The Valiants) in 2010. In 2011 a various-artists compilation album was released on YouTube and iTunes (A YouTube Christmas) with Niemietz and Kerber performing Bing Crosby's 1943 top ten hit I'll Be Home for Christmas.
 The music of the video game Final Fantasy X was composed by regular series composer Nobuo Uematsu along with Masashi Hamauzu and Junya Nakano. It was the first title in the main Final Fantasy series in which Uematsu was not the sole composer. The Final Fantasy X Original Soundtrack was released on four Compact Discs in 2001 by DigiCube and was re-released in 2004 by Square Enix.
 Vain City Chronicles is the second album release by Norwegian gothic metal band The Crest.The album was recorded in November 2004 at Top Room Studio and produced by Kristian Sigland. The album was released on May 17 2005.A videoclip was made for Run Like Blazes featuring the band performing in a 30s club before lead singer Nell Sigland tries to flee with the cash.
 Past Present and Future is Al Stewart's fifth studio album released in October 1973 in the UK and in May 1974 in the US. This album is considered Stewart's first major album and it reached #133 on the Billboard Rock Album chart in 1974. He had taken on a different approach from his previous folkier work an approach that would stay with him for most of his career. All songs on this record have historical themes each song representing a decade of the 20th century.
 For similarly named album by Jessica see Jessica Folcker discography section Dino is a 1972 studio album by Dean Martin arranged by Larry Muhoberac and produced by Jimmy Bowen.The album peaked at 117 on the Billboard 200 and was the last of Martin's albums to chart. It was reissued on CD by Hip-O Records in 2009.
 Pyroclastics is the third album by Birdsongs of the Mesozoic released on 1992 through Cuneiform Records.
 10 is an album by English folk musician Kate Rusby released in 2002. It is a collection of re-recorded and re-mastered songs with some new tracks and live cuts.
 Haj nek se čuje haj nek se zna (English: Come On Let It Be Heard Come On Let It Be Known) is a studio album by Bosnian rock star Alen Islamović released in 1989.
 Good Times: The Very Best of the Hits & the Remixes is a 2 CD compilation album of recordings by American R&B bands Chic and Sister Sledge released by Warner Music in 2005 an expanded re-release of 1999's single-disc compilation The Very Best of Chic & Sister Sledge. Disc one contains the original recordings made between the years 1973 and 1982 disc two extended versions and remixes dating from 1982 to 2005.(Note: track 1 disc 2.)
 U osvit zadnjeg dana (trans. At the Break of the Last Day) is the debut album by the Serbian rock band Bjesovi released in 1991.
 Ricochet is a 1981 album by the Bay City Rollers credited as The Rollers. The album was the third and final release under this band name. Ricochet can be considered the final studio album of the Bay City Rollers discounting later reunion - style releases. Ricochet was reissued on CD in 2008 with one bonus cut - Life on the Radio (single version).
 Appetizer is the first full length studio album by heavy metal hard rock and progressive metal band Freak Kitchen. It was released in 1994 just two years after the band was formed in 1992.
 Psycho Savant is the third and final studio album by the metal band Intruder. Released in June 1991 the album moved toward slower tempos and longer songs (all but one of the songs are over 6 minutes in length). It was also their only album Tom Harding did not produce.N.G.R.I. stands for Not Guilty for Reason of Insanity.
 The Music Is You: A Tribute To John Denver is an album consisting of songs originally performed by country and folk singer-songwriter John Denver. It was released on April 2 2013 by ATO Records. Denver died in October 1997 when the single engine plane he was piloting crashed off the coast of California. The album has been praised by some as a way to help Denver's catalogue reach a new younger audience.
 Sunrise Festival released in 2008 was a live album from the Ozric Tentacles recorded 1 June 2007 at the Sunrise Celebration Festival Somerset England. This recording marks the return of Merv Pepler and Joie Hinton to the band who had left in 1995 to form Eat Static. The second disc is a DVD containing a bonus track The Throbbe following Erpland.
 Unconditional is the fourth album by metalcore band Memphis May Fire. It was released on the March 25 2014 by Rise Records and distributed by Fontana Distribution.
 Don't Try This at Home is the fourth full-length album by urban folk artist Billy Bragg.Sexuality was released as a single which reached #27 on the UK charts and #2 on the U.S. Modern Rock charts. Johnny Marr of The Smiths co-wrote Sexuality and helped to produce two tracks.The song Cindy of a Thousand Lives is about photographer Cindy Sherman.Tank Park Salute is about his father Dennis Bragg who died of lung cancer when Bragg was 18.
 Lightbulb Sun is the sixth studio album by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree first released in May 2000 and later reissued in 2008 on CD DVD-A surround sound and vinyl.This album along with their prior album Stupid Dream are considered to have a more commercial poppier sound opposed to the abstract instrumental sound of their prior albums or the heavier metal sound in their subsequent albums of the 2000s.
 Mean Everything to Nothing is the second studio album by the Atlanta-based indie rock band Manchester Orchestra. It was released on April 21 2009 through independent record label Favorite Gentlemen Recordings and produced by Joe Chiccarelli and Dan Hannon.Prior to the album's release AbsolutePunk premiered a video of The Only One while Spin premiered another one for Shake It Out on March 24 2009. A third video for lead single I've Got Friends was released on April 7.
 The Big Room is the second and final studio album by Norwegian pop music duo M2M.The album despite a positive response from music critics and huge success in Asia did not perform as well as their previous album Shades of Purple and failed to chart in the United States. However it did manage to reach #16 on the Norwegian charts and become certified 5x Platinum in the Philippines.
 The debut album from Cuff the Duke titled Life Stories for Minimum Wage was released in 2002 and recorded at Umbrella Sound and at The House of Miracles in Toronto. The album was re-released in 2007 on Outside Music.
 Life or Death is American singer-songwriter Lili Añel's fourth release and first international album on the German-based record label ESC Records.
 Dissection is the second full-length album by Crimson Thorn. The album was released in 1997 on Morphine Records and later released on Little Rose Productions.
 Thao & Mirah is a collaborative studio album by Thao Nguyen & Mirah released in 2011 on Kill Rock Stars. In support of the album Thao and Mirah toured with indie music artists such as BOBBY. It was well-received by music critics; according to Pitchfork everything on Thao & Mirah feels of a cohesive collaborative piece separate from either artist's solo work a combination that synthesizes their individual strengths to outstanding effect.
 Mind's Eye is the first studio album by guitarist Vinnie Moore released in 1986 through Shrapnel Records. Recorded in eleven days when Moore was 21 years old the album was ranked third on the all-time top ten list of shred albums in a 2009 article by Guitar World magazine.
 Hello Everything is an album by Squarepusher released on 16 October 2006.This is Squarepusher's tenth album and prior to its release three downloadable singles were made available from Bleep (Warp's download store) — Welcome to Europe Hanningfield Window and Exciton; the last two are only on the Japanese version of the album. All three tracks were released on the 12 vinyl single Welcome to Europe. Limited editions of the album included a bonus 3 CD Vacuum Tracks.
 ANSWER released on February 25 2009 is Angela Aki's 3rd Japanese studio album. It sold 74068 copies in its first week peaking at Number 1 on the Oricon charts. It includes a re-recording of We're All Alone a song that she had previously covered on One. This marks the second time Angela has re-recorded a song from that 2005 Indie album for inclusion on a major label release. It was released in two editions - the regular Cd edition and a limited first-press only edition which includes a DVD.
 Terminal Cool is an anthology album from alternative rock group The Stems released in Australia on 26 June 2005 and in the United States on 6 December that year. It is a collection of the band's recordings between 1983 and 1985. Terminal Cool includes four tracks: Terminal Cool Sad Girl (a demo version) & Spaceship which are not included on a previous compilation album Mushroom Soup: The Citadel Years (March 2003) although it omits Power of Love.
 When The Circus Comes To Town is the nineteenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch released in 1995. The song Born and Bred in Old Ireland was also recorded during these sessions but omitted from the UK album. Bert's manager intended to add it to a projected Japanese version of the album which may or may not have happened. The track was re-recorded for Jansch's 1998 studio album Toy Balloon
 Fordlandia is the sixth full-length studio album by Icelandic musician Jóhann Jóhannsson. The album was released on 3 November 2008 via 4AD. The album is thematically influenced by the failure of Henry Ford's Brazilian rubber plant Fordlandia.
 Earthbeat is a compilation album of Future Sound of London's early releases using several aliases.All of the tracks on this album are by Garry Cobain and Brian Dougans (FSOL) but under pseudonyms such as 'Mental Cube' and 'Yage'.
 The Lioness is the fourth regular album by Songs: Ohia. It was recorded by Andrew Miller at Chem 19 Studios in Glasgow Scotland with Alasdair Roberts Geof Comings and members of Arab Strap and released by Secretly Canadian on January 17 2000.
 The Best of 415 Records is a compilation album.
 Yesterworlds is a compilation album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Dark Tranquillity. It features their previously released and unreleased material: the demo version of Trail of Life Decayed the EP version of A Moonclad Reflection an unreleased promo tape from 1994 along with a song taken from the W.A.R. Compilation.
 Honky Reduction is the first full length album by grindcore band Agoraphobic Nosebleed.
 We're Down Til We're Underground is the second and final studio album by the American hardcore band Give Up the Ghost. The album was released on September 23 2003 through Equal Vision Records. We're Down Til We're Underground was later reissued in 2011 through Deathwish Inc. to coincide with the band's reunion shows.
 Kiss is an EP by the American band London After Midnight released in 1995 on Apocalyptic Vision records.
 Postcards Of The Hanging is a compilation album by the Grateful Dead. It consists entirely of Bob Dylan covers including a performance of Man Of Peace with the Grateful Dead backing Dylan. As the tracklist was chosen by Bob Weir most of the songs featured his lead vocals. This is in contrast to Garcia Plays Dylan which features Dylan covers with Jerry doing lead vocals.
 Greatest Hits Live is a live album by War. It was recorded in 2008 and finally their first release in 14 years. Lonnie Jordan was the only original member of the band playing on this album. On the same day it was released as a Blu-ray Disc.
 Maximum Groove is the third studio album by Japanese dance unit MAX. It was released on December 2 1998 by record label avex trax. It is their second album to peak at the #1 position on the Oricon Weekly Album Charts and has since been certified a million seller by the Recording Industry Association of Japan. It is one of two albums by the group to chart in Oricon's 1999 Year-End album chart along with their first greatest hits compilation Maximum Collection (1999). It charted at #27.
 Frecuencia Continental is the third album of Erik Rubin and was released in 1997. It was his final album with Fonovisa and more eclectic than his first two albums. It was the first time he worked with Jorga Amaro. Jay de la Cueva also appeared. Three singles were released but failed to became a huge success.
 Under the Same Stars is an album by the American indie band The Prom. It was released on July 9 2002 on the Barsuk label.
 The Unreal Never Lived is the fourth full-length album by the band Yob.
 Dynamite is the sixth studio album released by British funk/acid jazz band Jamiroquai released on 15 June 2005 in Japan 20 June 2005 in the United Kingdom 21 July 2005 in Australia and 20 September 2005 in the United States. Produced by Mike Spencer and Jay Kay it is perhaps their most diverse work to date featuring electronic funk disco house and acoustic tracks.
 Declaration of Independence is an EP by alternative rock band No Americana.
 Magnetic Heaven is a 1986 album by Wax. The album cover painted by Jason Bradley shows the band members.
 Live From The Stage Of The Roanoake Bluegrass Festival is a live album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen recorded in 1967.
 The Man with the Iron Fists is the soundtrack to the 2012 American film of the same name released on Oct 22 2012 via Soul Temple Entertainment. The soundtrack is executive produced by RZA who also co-wrote acted in and directed the film.
 Holiday Wishes: From Me to You is a Christmas-oriented album by Jon B. It was originally slated for a November 7 2006 release but was released on November 14 2006.
 Álbum de la Revolución Cubana is a publication on the history of the Cuban Revolution. It consists of two parts: comic book and music CD.
 Saucy Haulage Ballads is an extended play recording released by Birkenhead group Half Man Half Biscuit. Released in August 2003 it contains six tracks with a total play time of 17 minutes 54 seconds.
 The Big Apple Rotten to the Core is a hardcore punk compilation album that was released in 1982. It was the second release by S.I.N. Records and distributed internationally. Produced by Bob Sallese.
 A Trick of the Sea is the second album by Piano Magic. It is the 13th entry in Darla Records's Bliss Out series.
 Thick as Thieves is the fourth album by Canadian rock band Trooper released in 1978. The album was produced by Randy Bachman of Bachman–Turner Overdrive and The Guess Who fame. The album went platinum in their home country and featured the group's only successful U.S. single Raise a Little Hell. This album also contained the hit Round Round We Go written and sung by Frank Ludwig and The Moment That it Takes written by Stewart and Underhill and sung by Ludwig.
 Vanitas is the second full-length studio album by the Italian Gothic metal band Macbeth.
 Much Brass is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley released on the Riverside label featuring performances by Adderley's Sextet with Slide Hampton Wynton Kelly Sam Jones Laymon Jackson and Albert Heath.
 Ashes and Light is an album by Mark Heard released in 1984 on Home Sweet Home Records. According to the liner notes Heard recorded Mosaics first but the record company wanted this album released first.The cover says This album is dedicated to the memory of Francis A. Schaeffer whose love for truth and whose understanding of the arts has helped me more than I can say in my desire to interweave the two.
 Overcome is the debut studio album by British singer Alexandra Burke released 19 October 2009 on Syco Music. The release of the album came a year after Burke won the British talent show The X Factor with the recording process taking place between 2008 and 2009.
 Wormwood: Curious Stories from the Bible is a concept album released in 1998 by avant-garde musicians The Residents. The album's purpose is to retell some of the more curious stories in the Bible not to condemn the stories but to give a greater understanding to them.
 Smile Now Die Later is the third album by Frost (Formerly known as Kid Frost). The album was released on October 24 1995 and was his first album for Relativity Records. The album made it to number 36 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop charts making it his highest charting album until his 2002 album Still Up In This Shit which made it to number 30. It featured two hit singles La Familia and La Raza II.
 Blood Sweat and Years is the second album by rapper JT Money. It was released on April 3 2001 through Priority Records and was produced by Dallas Austin. The album wasn't as successful as his previous album peaking at 48 on the Billboard 200 and 9 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and featured one charting single Hi-Lo which only made it to 64 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
 Some Night Somewhere is a live album by The Blackeyed Susans given away with copies of Mouth To Mouth sold around December 1996 as a Christmas bonus disc. It was recorded live at the Continental Café in Melbourne and was a limited edition CD.
 Black Flowers is a 2009 album by the Art Of Time Ensemble featuring Sarah Slean.On May 10 and 11 2007 Sarah Slean was the featured artist in the Art Of Time Ensemble's Songbook series which is artistic director Andrew Burashko's pursuit to present music - avant-garde popular cabaret jazz classical - in ways audiences haven't experienced. Black Flowers was released on June 2 2009 through Pheromone Recordings.
 Exit 0 is the second album from country singer-songwriter Steve Earle credited to Steve Earle & The Dukes his backing band. It was released in 1987. Earle was nominated for two 1988 Grammy Awards for songs on the album Best Male Country Vocalist for Exit 0 and Best Country Song for Nowhere Road.The album was recorded digitally using the Mitsubishi X-800 at Nashville's Emerald Studios. All of the album's ten tracks were written or co-written by Earle.
 Hellaween: Pure Horror is the second mixtape presented by Esham A. Smith. It is largely regarded as too spooky by listeners. Released on October 31 2009 it is a concept album inspired by multiple horror films and the radio drama format of programs such as The War of the Worlds.
 Happy Pills is the third studio album by Seattle post-grunge band Candlebox. It features former Pearl Jam drummer Dave Krusen who replaced Scott Mercado in 1997. Happy Pills did not gain the success of its predecessors and would be the last Candlebox album before their hiatus in 2000. It would also be the final Candlebox album recorded for Maverick.Four of the album's tracks would be included on The Best of Candlebox in 2006.The album was produced by Ron Nevison and Candlebox.
 Road Trips Volume 1 Number 3 is a two-CD live album by the American rock band the Grateful Dead. The third in their Road Trips series of albums it was released on June 9 2008. The first disc was recorded on July 31 1971 at the Yale Bowl in New Haven Connecticut and the second disc was recorded on August 23 1971 at the Auditorium Theatre in Chicago Illinois.A third bonus disc was included with early shipments of the album.
 It's About Time is the debut studio album from the Jonas Brothers. It was released on August 8 2006 on Columbia Records. The album was successful in the Christian genre[citation needed] and was released in Christian bookstores through INO Records. Later an amended version of the album was released through Daylight Records with three songs removed and replaced by three others.
 Freedom and Justice for All is a compilation album by bluegrass and country rock artist Charlie Daniels. It was released on July 8 2003.
 Sine Sierra is The Faint's debut album released in 1995. At the time the band was known as Norman Bailer. The album was released by Lumberjack Records on cassette only. Conor Oberst of Bright Eyes was in the band at the time. He played guitar and sang back-up vocals as well as being the sole singer on certain songs including Willow Wood.
 Two Steps Forward One Step Back is a Patrick Sky LP released as SLIF 2000 on Leviathan Records identified as [a] division of Innisfree Inc. on the back sleeve. The sleeve notes and front cover title are a reproduction of Sky's own handwriting notable especially for his misspelling the word forward as foreward [sic] though the standard spelling is found on the two sticker labels of the LP itself.
 ...The Dandy Warhols Come Down is the second studio album by American alternative rock band The Dandy Warhols. It was released on 15 July 1997 through Capitol Records. The album featured a change in style from the garage rock- and shoegaze-influenced sound of their previous album 1995's Dandys Rule OK to a more psychedelic and power pop sound.
 Black Oak Arkansas is the 1971 eponymous debut album by Black Oak Arkansas.
 Project 56 is a self-released compilation from the Canadian progressive house artist deadmau5. He has said on the networking website Myspace that The idea back then was to do a thing called Project 56 which was 56 tracks for people with short attention spans. Instead of waiting years to finally throw it together I figured I'd just toss it to everyone. This album includes some tracks (be it or not in variant form) and elements that appear on the album Get Scraped.
 Nig-Latin is the debut studio album by rapper Mistah F.A.B. released on March 11 2003.
 Ride Like Hell is an EP album by Canadian rock band Big Sugar. It was released in 1995 on Hypnotic Records.
 Diary of a Sinner: 1st Entry released in 2001 is the debut album by rapper Petey Pablo. The album debuted at #13 on the Billboard 200 chart with first-week sales of 103000 copies in the US and was certified Gold by the RIAA.The lead single Raise Up made it to #25 on the Hot 100.
 Letters from Fire is the debut album of Norwegian gothic metal band The Crest. It mainly features re-worked songs from the band's previous demos.
 Take a Back Road is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Rodney Atkins. It was released on October 4 2011 via Curb Records. The album's first single Take a Back Road is the fastest-rising and sixth number one single of Atkins' career. The second single He's Mine was previously recorded by Billy Ray Cyrus on his 2009 album Back to Tennessee. Just Wanna Rock N' Roll was released as the album's third single in June 2012.
 58957:The Bluegrass Guitar Collection is a compilation album by American guitarist Tony Rice released in 2003. The title is derived from the serial number of a guitar previously owned by the well-known guitarist Clarence White and now owned by Rice.
 Homebrew is an album released by Steve Howe in 1996. It's part of the Homebrew franchise.The album features new songs as well as re-arranged old songs from Steve's career. He is the only musician as the tracks are mainly demos.
 Live from Aragon Ballroom is a live DVD concert of the band Widespread Panic filmed at the Aragon Ballroom in Chicago Illinois on October 31 2011.
 Endless Procession of Souls is the tenth studio album by Swedish death metal band Grave. It was released on August 27 2012 through Century Media Records.
 Supernatural High was Freda Payne's eighth studio album and her second for Capitol Records. The first track is a medley of two songs devoted to the subject of happiness - a cover of the old 1929 song Happy Days Are Here Again and an original song entitled Happy Music (Dance the Night Away). The tracks Pullin' Back and Livin' for the Beat were co-written by Payne's then-husband Gregory Abbott. Storybook Romance was written by Payne's younger sister Scherrie.
 Think Before You Speak is the debut album by English indie rock band Good Shoes which was released on 26 March 2007 on Brille Records. The album was recorded in nineteen days in Malmö in Sweden by Per Sunding at Tambourine Studios.
 Brandi Carlile is the debut album from American folk rock singer Brandi Carlile. It was released July 12 2005 on Red Ink Records.
 10000 Shots is the fifth album by Scottish-Canadian celtic punk band The Real McKenzies recorded and released in 2005.
 Street is the first studio album by Dutch rock and roll and blues group Herman Brood & His Wild Romance and the start of a solo career for Herman Brood who had earlier toured and recorded with Cuby and the Blizzards and made one record with the short-lived band Stud. Commercially it was not very successful: on the Dutch album chart it reached #30 on 28 May 1977 and stayed on the chart for 7 weeks. The record was re-released on CD in 1995 by Sony BMG/Ariola.
 Rock City is the name of the first studio album by New York City based heavy metal band Riot released in November 1977.It was first released independently by Fire Sign Records run by the band's producers Billy Arnell and Steve Loeb who also owned the Greene Street Recording Studio before the album was picked up for wider distribution by Canada's Attic Records and by VIctor Entertainment in Japan.
 Kyu Sakamoto CD & DVD The best (Best: 上を向いて歩こう) is a Japanese album with 13 songs performed by Kyu Sakamoto and recorded by Toshiba EMI. A DVD with a live performance with Kyu Sakamoto also follows with the CD.
 Clayborne Family is the second album by rap group The Clayborne Family (formally known as KHM). The album was released on June 28 2004 and was produced by Kool Keith Jacky Jasper Marc Live and DJ Junkaz Lou.
 Bio is a Chuck Berry album released in 1973 by Chess Records.
 The History of Fairport Convention is the first compilation of tracks by Fairport Convention released in 1972.At the time it was released it appeared that the band had folded. The cover had a family tree by Pete Frame on the front. Another unusual aspect of the album was that a piece of ribbon was glued to the sleeve making it look as if a royal seal had been embossed on it. Different reissues had blue ribbons or red or green.
 Louise Attaque is an album by French rock band Louise Attaque. Released in 1997 this debut album sold 2.5 million copies in France.
 Toygopop is an LP by the Modified Toy Orchestra.
 Bato Bato is the third studio album by Bosnian singer Lepa Brena released in 1984 and with over a million copies sold it is one of the best-selling albums in the music history of Yugoslavia and made Lepa Brena a superstar outside of her home-country especially in Bulgaria and Romania.The album name comes from a Bosnian male nickname Bato. Although there is also an English version of this name (also Bato) which means 'son of the farmer'.
 Prime Cuts is a compilation album by Jordan Rudess released in 2006.It features performances by Robert Berry Marc Bonilla Terry Bozzio Jerry Goodman Tony Levin Rod Morgenstein John Petrucci Simon Phillips Mike Portnoy Kip Winger and Mark Wood. It contains two previously unreleased duets with Jordan and Kip Winger.
 Liverpool 78 is a live album by The Fall first released June 4 2001.
 Fighting Clowns is a 1980 album by The Firesign Theatre. It is unique among Firesign Theatre albums by virtue of the fact that it is primarily made up of songs rather than the group's usual audio theater or sketch comedy pieces. Many of the songs on this album were recorded live in front of an audience while some of the songs and much of the linking material was recorded in the studio.
 Morningrise is the second studio album by Swedish progressive metal band Opeth. It was released on June 24 1996 in Europe by Candlelight Records and on June 24 1997 in the United States by Century Black. The recording sessions took place at Unisound studio in Örebro between March and April 1996 and once more the band produced alongside Dan Swanö. Morningrise was the last Opeth album produced by Swanö.
 Electro-Shock Blues is the second studio album by American band Eels. It was released in the United Kingdom on September 21 1998 and October 20 1998 in the United States through record label DreamWorks.
 Nkolo is the seventh album by singer songwriter and composer Lokua Kanza.
 Heroes is the seventh studio album by Swedish heavy metal band Sabaton. It is to be released May 16 2014. It is the first album to feature the new Sabaton line-up with guitarists Chris Rörland and Thobbe Englund as well as new drummer Hannes van Dahl. It will be produced by Peter Tägtgren in Abyss Studios.
 Galaxy is a 1980 album by the French band Rockets.
 Zašto da ne! (Why Not!) is the studio album by Serbian/Yugoslavian New wave band Električni orgazam. It was released in 1994 by PGP RTS. It is the band's first double album.
 Fan Dance is the ninth (studio)album from American singer-songwriter Sam Phillips.
 Le Frisur (Le hairdo using the female German noun with the male French article) is a concept album by Die Ärzte. It was released on May 24 1996 and is entirely about hair. Originally intended as an EP Le Frisur developed into a full-length within the 14 days of its recording process.
 Red of Tooth and Claw is the fourth full-length album release by American five-piece indie rock band Murder by Death and marks the first record the band has released on the Vagrant record label. The title comes from a reference in Lord Tennyson's poem In Memoriam A.H.H.
 The Chrysalis Years: 1973–1979 is a compilation album by the band UFO which includes 81 tracks some not previously released. The compilation includes in their entirety the albums recorded for the Chrysalis label during said years including (in order of appearance): Phenomenon (1974) Force It (1975) No Heavy Petting (1976) Lights Out (1977) Obsession (1978) and Strangers in the Night (1979).
 Final Hours at Hammersmith is a live album by Welsh rock band Funeral for a Friend. It was recorded from the final UK gig of the Hours tour on 4 June 2006 at Hammersmith Palais London. It consists of two CDs. Only 1000 copies were produced; 50 of these were signed by the band.
 Pinkerton is the second studio album by American alternative rock band Weezer released on September 24 1996 on DGC Records. After abandoning plans for a rock opera titled Songs from the Black Hole Weezer recorded Pinkerton between songwriter Rivers Cuomo's terms at Harvard University where he wrote much of the album.To better capture their live sound Weezer produced Pinkerton themselves creating a darker more abrasive album than their 1994 self-titled debut.
 Uncovered by Heartbeat is the first album by UK based band Cherubs.
 Full House released in 1970 is the fifth album by folk rock group Fairport Convention and was their first album without a female vocalist as Sandy Denny had left to form Fotheringay. Founder member Ashley Hutchings had also left for Steeleye Span and Dave Pegg had joined on bass. Richard Thompson was to leave the band for a solo career shortly after its release.As their previous album Liege & Lief had reinterpreted a number of traditional folk tunes so did Full House.
 Flapjacks from the Sky is the second studio album by folk rock group Gandalf Murphy and the Slambovian Circus of Dreams.
 Fading Parade is the fourth album from Papercuts released in 2011 on the Sub Pop label.
 FabricLive.18 is a DJ mix compilation album produced by Andy C and DJ Hype as part of the FabricLive series. It was released on 18 October 2004 by the Fabric record label. The album is the second in the series to be produced by DJ Hype who also produced FabricLive.03.FabricLive.18 is the first collaboration between Andy C and DJ Hype.
 Una radura... is the second album by Gianna Nannini and was released in 1977.
 Fixtape 2 is a mixtape from the band Rehab released in 2012. Appropriately titled for a group that met while in rehab for alcohol and drug addiction and went on to adopt it for their name. The title refers to the fix their fans those addicted to a drug called Rehab get when listening to the music.
 The Best of Judas Priest is a collection of a few select songs from Judas Priest's first two albums and was released under Gull the band's former record label. It was the first of many reissues of the band's earlier material produced in an effort to capitalize on Judas Priest's popularity and was released without any consent from the band.
 Forgotten Freshness Volume 3 is a rarities album by Insane Clown Posse. Released in 2001 it was notable for being their first release to feature Mike Puwal as a producer rather than Mike E. Clark.
 Smokin' the Dummy and Bloodlines are two albums released by Terry Allen in 1980 and 1983 respectively. The albums have been recently reissued on a single compact disc on Sugar Hill Records. The album features The Panhandle Mystery Band Terry's backing band.
 Accident of Birth is a heavy metal album released in 1997 by Bruce Dickinson. It was published by Zomba Music.This is the second album made in collaboration with guitarist/producer Roy Z and is therefore much different from Bruce's previous Skunkworks album. He was also assisted by another former Iron Maiden member Adrian Smith and the two would later return to the band in early 1999.
 Eagle's Whistle is the debut album by Irish folk group Crubeen released on LP record by EMI Ireland in 1976.
 Soul Searching is the fourth album by organist Shirley Scott for the Prestige label which was recorded in 1959.
 Power to the People is a music album from the American rock band Poison released on June 13 2000 on the band's independent label Cyanide Music. It marked the return of the original lineup together for the first time since 1991's Swallow This Live with the return of C.C. DeVille who replaced Blues Saraceno.The album is a part studio part live album consisting of five newly recorded studio tracks and 12 live tracks from Poison's successful 1999-2000 greatest hits reunion tour.
 Cryptic is the seventh full-length studio album by the Swedish death metal band Edge of Sanity released on December 1 1997 by Black Mark Productions. It is the only Edge of Sanity album in which Dan Swanö does not contribute. Guitarist Andreas Axelsson hired a new vocalist in an attempt to keep the band together.
 Perdition City (subtitled Music to an Interior Film) is the fifth studio album by Norwegian band Ulver released in March 2000 by Jester Records.The album was recorded and edited by Kristoffer Rygg and Tore Ylwizaker mixed by Ylwizaker at Beep Jam Studio and mastered by Audun Strype at Strype Audio.Perdition City continues the experimentation seen on Themes from William Blake's The Marriage of Heaven and Hell and Metamorphosis containing elements of trip hop jazz ambient music spoken word and electronica.
 Rinse is an album by Minotaur Shock released in 2003.
 Anthem for a New Tomorrow is the fifth studio album by the American punk rock band Screeching Weasel. It was released in 1993 through Lookout! Records.
 Here's to Being Here is the fourth solo album by Jason Collett of Broken Social Scene. The album was released on February 5 2008 on Arts & Crafts.Produced by Howie Beck the album features guest musicians Andrew Whiteman Tony Scherr and Liam O'Neil of The Stills.In promotion of the album the label released two songs Out of Time and Charlyn Angel of Kensington in MP3 format.
 Singin'... is a 1977 album release by Melissa Manchester on Arista Records. This was Manchester's sixth album and fourth and final collaboration with producer Vini Poncia who had produced her 1975 commercial breakthrough Melissa.
 Living in a Giant Candle Winking at God is the debut album by the Transit Kings. It featured guest appearances from The Smiths guitarist Johnny Marr and comedian Simon Day.
 Giant Box is a double album by American arranger/conductor and composer Don Sebesky featuring performances recorded in 1973 and released on the CTI label.
 Hold on Now Youngster... is the debut album by Cardiff-based indie rock band Los Campesinos! released in February 2008 on Wichita Recordings. It consists of 12 tracks despite only 11 being listed. This is because 2007: The Year Punk Broke (My Heart) appears as an unlisted track on the CD version and as a C-side (the etched orange vinyl) on the double gatefold vinyl. It entered the UK album charts at number 72.
 Get Out of My Room is an album and short-form video featuring comedians Cheech & Chong released in 1985. The album and video marked the last release by the longtime comedy duo with Cheech leaving in 1986 in order to focus on his mainstream acting career. The opening track Born In East L.A. and I'm Not Home Right Now were the only singles released for the album.
 hocc² is the second Cantopop album by Denise Ho released by EMI in 2002.
 Remik's Cube is the third album by You Say Party (formerly You Say Party! We Say Die!) released digital-only on Paper Bag Digital on August 26 2008. Remik's Cube is a reworking of their previous album Lose All Time.
 R.E.T.R.O. is a studio album by the Futurepop band mind.in.a.box and released on 26 February 2010.The album largely references the Commodore 64 including songs based on the music of some of the games for the platforms – Light Force The Last Ninja Supremacy and The Last V8 as well as Shades which is however not from a game but is a single C64 song.Mindkiller is a modernized version of the Parsec (space shooter) intro music.
 The Amazing Bud Powell Vol. 2 is a studio album by jazz pianist Bud Powell released on Blue Note Records in 1954 featuring a session Powell recorded with George Duvivier on bass and Art Taylor on drums at the WOR Studios in New York on August 14 1953. It was remastered in 2001 by Rudy Van Gelder and reissued as part of Blue Note's RVG Edition series.
 Warning Of Danger is the second studio album of the American heavy metal band Omen. It was originally released in 1985 by Metal Blade. In 1989 Metal Blade re-released Warning Of Danger with the EP Nightmares as bonus tracks.
 La Grasa de las Capitales is the second album by the Argentine Rock band Serú Girán released in 1979. After its deeply criticized debut album Serú Girán the band went in search for a different sound one that could be closer to the fans' expectations.
 Our Will Be Done is an album by The Crucifucks released in 1992 on Jello Biafra's Alternative Tentacles record label. The album is a compilation combining all songs from their two previous albums The Crucifucks and Wisconsin. The album received criticism for its controversial image on the back cover of what appeared to be a dead Philadelphia police man.
 La Sanie des siècles – Panégyrique de la dégénérescence (which roughly translates as The sanies of the centuries – Ode to degeneration sanies being a thin greenish foul-smelling discharge from a wound ulcer etc. containing pus and blood according to the Collins English Dictionary) is the debut album by French black metal band Peste Noire.
 Live at the Beeb is a double live album by the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth released in 1998.It is a 2CD release compiled from the band's recordings for BBC Radio 1 and released by arrangement with BBC Worldwide Music.
 You Can't Do That on Stage Anymore Vol. 4 is a two-CD set of live recordings by Frank Zappa recorded between 1969 and 1988 and released in 1991.
 A Tribute to Curtis Mayfield is a compilation album of various artists celebrating the music of Curtis Mayfield. While many tribute albums are recorded after an artist has passed this album was completed five years before Mayfield's death.
 The Girl Next Door is the 10th studio album by Evelyn King. The album was released in September 1989 through EMI Records.
 Autumn of the Seraphs is the fourth full-length release from the San Diego California band Pinback. The album was released on September 11 2007 on Touch and Go Records. The first pressing of Autumn of the Seraphs comes packaged with a limited-edition bonus disc.
 Las Consecuencias (The Consequences) is an album by former Heroes Del Silencio front-man and lead vocalist Enrique Bunbury.
 Hampton/Winston-Salem '97 is a 7-CD live box set album from the American jam band Phish recorded live at the Hampton Coliseum in Hampton VA on November 21–22 1997 and Lawrence Joel Veteran's Memorial Coliseum Winston-Salem NC on November 23 1997 in the midst of Phish's 1997 Fall Tour.These shows were a memorable triad for the band and fans.
 Echoes from the Garden released in 1998 is the fourth album (only by Japanese release) by Symphonic Rock vocalist Lana Lane. The album is actully a 33-minute Remix EP containing remixes from Lana's third album Garden of the Moon.Though the album is Lana's sixth album overall it was only released in Japan.
 Hometown Girls is the fifth solo album by Denny Laine.
 Voice – The Best of Beverley Knight is the first greatest hits album by English R&B-soul singer Beverley Knight released in the United Kingdom on 20 March 2006 by Parlophone. The collection included twelve top forty singles including the new track and single Piece of My Heart.
 House by the Cemetery is an EP by Mortician. The album is named after cult director Lucio Fulci's 1981 horror film The House by the Cemetery. The album features samples from various horror movies.
 The Wrong Side of Heaven and the Righteous Side of Hell Volume 2 is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Five Finger Death Punch and the second of two albums released by the band in 2013 with Volume 1 having been released on July 30. It was released on November 19 2013. Preorders for the album went up on iTunes on August 10 2013.
 Divine Love is an album by American jazz trumpeter and composer Leo Smith recorded in 1978 and released on the ECM label.
 Totally Hits 2 is an album in the Totally Hits series. The album contains three Billboard Hot 100 number-one hits: Maria Maria Genie in a Bottle and Amazed.
 Velvet Mood is an album by jazz singer Billie Holiday released in 1956 on Clef Records. This is the only Billie Holiday album that is out of print.
 Dru World Order is the third studio album by American R&B group Dru Hill released in late 2002 (see 2002 in music) on Def Jam Recordings' Def Soul imprint. Four years had passed between this release and the group's previous album Enter the Dru during which time the quartet imploded yet later reformed. Beginning with this release Dru Hill became a quintet with fifth member Scola (Rufus Waller) added to the original lineup of Sisqó Jazz Nokio and Woody.
 The Rough Guide to Australian Aboriginal Music is a compilation album originally released in 1999. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the album features the Indigenous Australian music of the 1980s & 90s including both traditional and modern genres such as Aboriginal rock. Duncan Baker coordinated the project while Marcus Breen a professor specializing in Australian music at Bond University Queensland wrote the liner notes.
 Following a 10-year tenure with their record labels funk band The Brand New Heavies released two greatest hits albums titled Trunk Funk a wordplay on the band's long standing elephant logo.
 III: So Long Suckers is the third and final album by Finnish doom metal band Reverend Bizarre. Released on 8 August 2007 it is a double album.The band originally planned to make two more albums but decided in the end to wind up the band sooner with this double album. Some of the material that didn't make it on this album is planned to be produced by Peter Vicar the guitarist from Reverend Bizarre in his current band Lord Vicar.
 HLLLYH is the fourth album by Los Angeles-based experimental punk band The Mae Shi. It was released on February 11 2008.It is a concept album about judeo-christian religion and more narrowly stories of the old testament.
 Catacombs of the Black Vatican is the ninth studio album by heavy metal band Black Label Society. The album was released on April 8 2014. It is the first Black Label Society album to feature former Breaking Benjamin drummer Chad Szeliga after fill-in Mike Froedge departed the band. Froedge himself replaced Will Hunt who in turn replaced longtime drummer Craig Nunenmacher all in the span of less than two years.
 Life Enigma is an album by French Jazz-Fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty released in 2001. It is his first on his own label JLP and arrives seven years since his last solo studio release No Absolute Time.
 Released in 1968 Mr. Wonderful is the second album by the British blues-rock band Fleetwood Mac. This all-blues album was broadly similar to their debut album albeit with some changes to personnel and recording method. The album was recorded live in the studio with miked amplifiers and PA system rather than plugged into the board.[citation needed] A horn section was introduced; and Christine Perfect of Chicken Shack was featured on keyboards.
 Bangerz is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Miley Cyrus; it was released on October 4 2013 by RCA Records. Opting to re-establish her music career instead of focusing on her film career as originally planned Cyrus began planning the project in 2012. Work continued into 2013 at which time she left her previous label Hollywood Records and subsequently joined RCA Records.
 Through the Morning Through the Night is the 2nd and final album from the country rock duo Dillard & Clark. The musicians included country rock and folk rock pioneers Gene Clark Doug Dillard Bernie Leadon Chris Hillman Sneaky Pete Kleinow Byron Berline and Michael Clarke.
 Zabagabee: The Best of Barnes & Barnes is the fifth album released by novelty rock group Barnes & Barnes.
 Junge Roemer (Young Romans) is the second album by Austrian pop rock artist Falco released in 1984.
 10th Anniversary Special Live at Nippon Budokan is a live DVD by Japanese duo Every Little Thing released on August 8 2007 by Avex Trax.The footage was taken from the 2-day special concert held at the Nippon Budokan on March 6 and 7 2007 in celebration for their tenth anniversary in the music industry.The DVD also includes behind-the-scenes clips documenting the making of the concert.
 Astronomy is the fifth full-length album by the Christian rock band Bleach. It was released in 2003 under Tooth & Nail Records. This album was dedicated to Captain Josh Byers who was killed in the Iraq War on July 23 2003. He was the brother of band members Milam Byers and Jared Byers.
 The Pillows Presents Special CD is an EP released by The Pillows on October 18 1993. It was distributed for promotional purposes only and not available through regular retail channels.
 Well Travelled Love is the debut album of American singer Kelly Willis. It was released in 1990 via MCA Records and produced by Tony Brown. I Don't Want to Love You River of Love and Looking for Someone Like You were all released as singles from it. Although none of these charted in the United States Looking for Someone Like You reached #85 on the RPM country singles charts in Canada. Also included on this album is the song Drive South.
 Hands Up! You're Free is an album by Dutch anarcho-punk band The Ex compiling the group's three different Peel Sessions recorded for BBC Radio 1 during the 1980s. The Ex released the collection on their own label Ex Records first on vinyl in June 1988 then on CD in 2003.
 Songs with Legs is a live album by American composer bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley with saxophonist Andy Sheppard and bassist Steve Swallow recorded in Europe and released on the Watt/ECM label in 1994.
 False Hopes is the debut EP from Dessa a member of Minneapolis indie hip hop collective Doomtree. It was released on Doomtree in 2005.In a 2008 interview with The A.V. Club Dessa said I felt a little more confident in my ability and I knew that some people in Minneapolis had liked the first project so I felt a little more confident in my attack.
 Let's Hear It for Love is the eighth and latest studio album from American rock and pop singer Benny Mardones.
 Heated is the third album by Sean T. It was released on September 9 2000 for his own label Get Gone Records and was entirely produced by Sean T.
 Light After Dark is the debut album by British singer-songwriter Clare Maguire which went in at number 7 in the UK Albums Chart. Ain't Nobody was released as the first single from the album on 18 October 2010 followed by The Last Dance which was released on 20 February 2011. The Shield and the Sword was released as the third and final single to be released from the album on 9 May 2011.
 Love Songs is a 2009 compilation album by the American R&B and soul singer-songwriter and record producer Luther Vandross.
 Idlewild South is the second studio album by American rock band the Allman Brothers Band. Produced by Tom Dowd the album was released on September 23 1970 in the United States by Atco Records and Capricorn Records.Following the release of their 1969 debut the Allman Brothers Band toured the United States extensively to promote the album which barely made a dent on pop charts.
 Forbidden Places is a 1991 album by the Meat Puppets. It is their first release on London Records. It is currently out of print.The seventh track Whirlpool was later recorded by They Might Be Giants for their 1993 EP Why Does The Sun Shine? (The Sun Is a Mass of Incandescent Gas).
 Live at the Old Waldorf is a live album by Television that was recorded on 29th June 1978 at the Old Waldorf San Francisco on their last American tour until their 1992 reunion. The show was from a radio show broadcast that was a popular bootleg until its official release by Rhino Handmade in 2003.
 Between My Ears There Is Nothing But Music is the fourth studio album by rock band Babybird released in 2006. It was the first album that they recorded after leaving Echo Records in 2000. It was released by Babybird Records.
 Vanity is the third full length studio album and sixth release altogether to be released by metalcore band Eighteen Visions. It was their first album to feature a music video which was for You Broke Like Glass. It was the last album to feature guitarist Brandan Schieppati as he left immediately after the recording of the album to focus on Bleeding Through. The band toured for the album with a single guitarist Keith Barney.
 The Art of Kissing Properly is the third studio album by moi Caprice released in 2006.
 Tipota den ginete tihea (Greek: Τίποτα δεν γίνεται τυχαία; English: Nothing is random) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. All music and lyrics are by Giorgos Theofanous. It was released on December 19 2005 by Universal Music in Greece and it went gold selling over 20000 units.
 DJP is the first full length studio album and second over-all release by Filipino teen actor and recording artist Daniel Padilla. It was first released digitally on April 11 2013 under Star Records.
 The Argument is the fourth solo studio album from Grant Hart formerly of the band Hüsker Dü. It is a concept album based on John Milton's Paradise Lost and inspired by Hart's friendship with renowned beat author William S. Burroughs. The album features guitar keyboards mallet instruments and found sounds. It was released to universal critical acclaim.
 Tired of Not Being Away from Here is the fifth studio album and second LP recorded by the indie rock band Before Braille. It was released in 2005 in the United Kingdom by You and Whose Army? Records and distributed in the United States by Sunset Alliance and Common Wall Media.This enhanced CD/LP contains all of the songs on the successful limited release Cattle Punching on a Jack Rabbit EP but adds an additional five songs a hidden track and has five videos.
 Something to Take the Edge Off is the third comedy album by Doug Stanhope. Released in 2000 by Stand Up! Records and recorded live at The Laff Stop comedy club in Houston Texas. The album features a musical accompaniment by Henry Phillips on acoustic guitar.
 Legacy of a Quiet Man is a music album by Irish singer Sinead Stone and musician Gerard Farrelly. The album was released in 2001 on the Seolta Records label and is a collection of songs written by Gerard’s father Dick Farrelly.
 Having a Party is a 1982 album from Swedish pop and country group Chips. The album sold more than 100 000 copies in Sweden both gold and platinum. Back in those days the demands for selling gold and platinum were higher than now (2006). Gold was at least 50 000 and platinum was at least 100 000.
 ELO – Total Rock Review is a Band biography DVD released in 2006 regarding the founding of Electric Light Orchestra.The Independent biography traces the foundations of the band through its metamorphosis from The Move in 1970 and later to the point where Roy Wood quit the group leaving Jeff Lynne to steer the band in to worldwide stardom. Narrated throughout by a team of music journalists and musicians.
 Asquarius (1992) is the third studio album released by the Leeds-based indie rock band Cud which reached number 30 in the UK album chart. Q magazine included it in their 1998 issue as part of their essential dozen Britpop records to have in your collection. The album was reissued in 2007 in expanded form.
 Liar is the third album by Vancouver dance punk band Fake Shark – Real Zombie!. It was released on February 14 2013. The album is a bit of direction change for the band and the first with label Light Organ Records. Guests include Care Failure of the band Die Mannequin Jimmy Urine of Mindless Self Indulgence Steve Bays of Hot Hot Heat and Henry Rollins.
 Baptizing is an album by the progressive bluegrass Maryland band The Seldom Scene. It is marked as a last album for John Starling and arrival of new singer/guitarist Phil Rosenthal. It is also The Seldom Scene's last album recorded under Rebel Records before switching to Sugar Hill Records.
 Only Four You is the second and last studio album released by the female girl group Mary Jane Girls. As with their debut album Mary Jane Girls the album was produced and written by Rick James.The album includes their biggest hit single In My House (#7 Pop #3 R&B #1 Dance). Other singles included Wild and Crazy Love (#42 Pop #10 R&B #3 Dance) and Break It Up (#79 R&B #33 Dance).
 Mighty to Save is the fifteenth album in the live praise and worship series of Christian Contemporary music by Hillsong Church.It was released in July 2006 at the annual Hillsong Conference.
 El Guariqueño si sabe is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan singer Ángel Custodio Loyola released in the 1970s with the record label Cachilapo. This album features new recordings of llanero folk pieces popularized by Loyola in former albums like: Guayabo Negro El Carnaval Cajón de Arauca Apureño La Catira and La Guayaba. Also features the song El Guariqueño si sabe along with harpists Cándido Herrera and Omar Moreno and the group Sentimiento Apureño.
 2x45 is the fourth studio album by English band Cabaret Voltaire. It was released in May 1982 through record label Rough Trade.
 Can't Stop the Music is the sixth studio album and first soundtrack by Village People for their movie Can't Stop the Music released in 1980. Though the movie was a commercial failure the album did better reaching #9 on the UK Albums Chart #47 on the Billboard 200 in the U.S.A. and #1 in Australia (on the Kent Music Report). This album was reissued to CD in 1999.It contains songs not only by the Village People but also by David London and The Ritchie Family.
 A Retrospective is a compilation album by American rock group Lynyrd Skynyrd.
 Down And Dirty Live is a Danger Danger live EP. It contains five songs recorded live in 1989 during presentations at Bangles at Denver Colorado and L'Amour at Brooklyn New York.
 E Ala Ē is an album by the Hawaiian singer Israel Kamakawiwo'ole released in 1995.
 The World From Here EP was Nashville Tennessee-based band Llama's second and final release before their 2003 breakup.
 Operation Radio is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show which was never released to the public; only to the overseas men and women serving in the military in October 2006. It is a single disc CD which represents original material recorded during their syndicated daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.
 Chimera is the 1995 debut album by cellist Erik Friedlander which was released on the Japanese Avant label.
 Kokoro no Uta (ココロノウタ Songs of the Heart) is Rimi Natsukawa's sixth original album released on March 18 2009 (2009-03-18). The album was a 2CD set with the first CD featuring studio recordings and the second performances from her Uta Sagashi no Tabi 2008-2009 (歌さがしの旅 2008-2009 Song Search Journey 2008-2009) tour. The limited edition also featured a DVD.
 Red Dirt Road is the eighth studio album for country duo Brooks & Dunn released in 2003 on Arista Nashville. Certified platinum for sales of one million copies in the U.S. the album produced three top ten singles: Red Dirt Road (#1 on the Hot Country Songs chart) You Can't Take the Honky-Tonk out of the Girl (#3) and That's What She Gets for Lovin' Me (#6).
 Rock and Roll Part Three is Ozma's first full length studio album. It was released by Kung Fu Records on August 21 2001.
 Trainwreck is the second full-length album from the emo/post-hardcore band Boys Night Out. It is a tightly-knit concept album that follows the loss of sanity of one man following the murder of his wife he committed in his sleep.
 Wanted: Live in Concert (also known as Wanted/Richard Pryor - Live In Concert is a comedy album by Richard Pryor. Released as a double-LP in 1978 it includes performances from Pryor's concert tour in 1978. Two performances from that tour were filmed in Long Beach California for theatrical release.
 Album Raises New and Troubling Questions is a 2011 compilation album by the American alternative rock group They Might Be Giants. It is the second compilation released by the band through their own Idlewild Recordings. It includes several songs originally written for Join Us as well as other rarities. It was released online via iTunes and Amazon and limited run of CDs from the band's website.
 Electric Honey is the third and final studio album from New York alternative rock group Luscious Jackson released on the Grand Royal label on June 29 1999 (see 1999 in music).Vivian Trimble was no longer a part of the band at this time leaving Kate Schellenbach Jill Cunniff and Gabby Glaser to put together an album. A video was made for Ladyfingers.
 Svijet je lopta šarena is the seventh studio album recorded and released by the Sarajevo band Crvena jabuka. It was recorded through 1997 and released near the middle of 1998.
 Tienen que saber (English: They Need to Know) is the thirteenth studio album by Ríos de Misericordia.
 Dreamcatcher is the sixth studio album by hard rock band Last Autumn's Dream released by Marquee Avalon in Japan on December 24 2008 and under Escape Music label for European market on January 26 2009.
 $ell.Out is the second album from the heavy metal band Pist.On recorded and released after the band was dropped by Atlantic Records.
 Chicas Al Poder is an album by Bellepop released in 2002.
 Souvenir is an album by Eric Johnson released in 2002. It is a collection of previously unreleased material spanning 25 years. The album was unique in that it was only available for purchase through Eric Johnson's website. The album was released between Venus Isle in 1996 and Bloom in 2005.
 It's a Life (125 Years Live!) is a live album by the Heideroosjes.
 That Honey Horn Sound is an album by Al Hirt released by RCA Victor. The album was produced by Chet Atkins and arranged by Anita Kerr and Claus Ogerman.The single Fancy Pants hit #47 on the Adult Contemporary chart and #9 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1965. The album landed on the Billboard Top LPs chart reaching #28.
 The Universe Is Laughing is the third full-length album from Mayo and Wexford Ireland folk-pop band The Guggenheim Grotto. It was originally released on June 15 2010 by the New York-based indie label United For Opportunity.
 The Climax Chicago Blues Band is an album by Climax Blues Band (originally known as The Climax Chicago Blues Band) recorded in 1968 and released in 1969 by EMI Records (Parlophone label) under catalog number PCS 7069.
 Media is the first studio album by New Wave revivalists The Faint. Formally known as Norman Bailer this is the first album under the Faint name. It was released on March 24 1998. A clear style change can be seen after this album's release moving from a more Post-hardcore influenced style to New Wave.This album is the 21st release of Saddle Creek Records.
 Ally Pally Paradiso is a live promo only album by Big Audio Dynamite II released in 1991. It formed part of the limited edition version of The Globe album and was also available by sending in a sticker included in the regular version of The Globe to the NME music magazine. The titles to several of the songs were changed for this release (see below).
 Live at the Whiskey is the first live album by the Mentors. It consists of extracts from two gigs recorded in the year 1983 - the A-side at the Whiskey and the B-side at the Cathay de Grande.In 2004 it was released on CD with a track from the Live in Frisco EP (released in 1987 but recorded in the same era) and a spoken word track about the history of the Mentors until 1984.
 Slanguage is the third collaborative album by American rapper Awol One and American hip hop producer Daddy Kev. It was released on Mush Records in 2003.
 Dirty Side Down is the eleventh studio album by the Athens Georgia based band Widespread Panic.
 Spermargarita (スペルマルガリィタ) is an EP released by The Gazette on July 30 2003.The songs from this release are featured on the compilation album Dainihon Itangeishateki Noumiso Gyaku Kaiten Zekkyou Ongenshuu along with the tracks from Akuyuukai and Cockayne Soup.
 Two-Faced is the sixth studio album by the German thrash metal band Tankard.
 The Snake is an album by the Swedish duo Wildbirds & Peacedrums released in 2008. It was recorded by the band and published by The Leaf Label. It was released to 'generally favorable reviews' with an average critic's score of 80/100 and an average user score of 9.6/10 on Metacritic.
 No Education = No Future (Fuck the Curfew) is an EP by Scottish post-rock group Mogwai released in the UK through Chemikal Underground in 1998.
 Sounds of Africa is the fourth album by double bassist and oud player Ahmed Abdul-Malik featuring performances recorded in 1962 (with one track from 1961) and originally released on the New Jazz label.
 Live Frogs Set 1 is a live album by Colonel Les Claypool's Fearless Flying Frog Brigade released by Prawn Song Records on 10 April 2001. It chronicles the first part of the 8 October 2000 show the Frog Brigade played at the Great American Music Hall in San Francisco the second part released as Live Frogs Set 2.
 This article describes the 16th album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 16 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 16 was released on July 27 2004. The album is the 16th edition of the (U.S.) Now! series. It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 to become the fifth number-one album in the series and the first since Now! 9.
 Maestro Zone is the third studio album by Canadian rapper Maestro Fresh Wes released April 21 1992 on Polydor/PolyGram Records. It is a re-packaged version of his previous album The Black Tie Affair featuring four new songs. The only single was Another Funky Break (From My Pap's Crate). In 1992 just before the album was released Maestro moved to Brooklyn New York in an attempt to expand his fanbase in the US. It was nominated for Best Rap Recording at the 1993 Juno Awards.
 Alive & Well is the first live album by Mucky Pup. The album was released in 1993 under their own imprint Mucky Records through SPV Music exclusively in Europe. While primarily a collection of live tracks recorded during their 1993 tour of Europe. the album also contains a demo version of The Skinheads Broke My Walkman from the Act of Faith album as well as cover versions of Prince's Darling Nikki and Sade's Nothing Can Come Between Us.
 One Size Fits All is a 1975 rock album by Frank Zappa and The Mothers of Invention. A special four-channel quadraphonic version of the album was prepared and advertised but not released. It is the ninth and last studio album of the band.
 A Whole New Level of Sickness is a split EP featuring songs by hardcore punk bands Shai Hulud and Another Victim released on June 27 2000 on Trustkill Records and in Europe Good Life Recordings in CD and 12 various colors from brown swirl to purple (150 pressed). Shai Hulud tracks were included in A Profound Hatred of Man (reissue). It also is the debut of Jared Allen and Geert van der Velde.
 Sweet Pizzicato Five (スウィート・ピチカート・ファイヴ) was a 1992 album by Pizzicato Five.
 Souyuan is the fifth album by Swedish Dark ambient project Atrium Carceri. It was released on November 18 2008 through Cold Meat Industry
 The Rough Guide to Dub is a world music compilation album originally released in 2005. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the release covers the roots of dub music focusing on the period 1973-1980. Curation was performed by Steve Barrow co-founder of the record label Blood and Fire who also compiled The Rough Guide to Reggae and authored its companion book. Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network produced the work.
 Chosen One is the second Hillsong Music album in the Youth Alive series by the Hillsong Church.
 Good 2B Alive is the fourth studio album by band Steelheart released on October 24 2008 in Europe and November 11 2008 in the US.
 (A Little Touch of) Baroque in Winter is a 1995 Christmas EP by Takako Minekawa.
 Escapades is the debut studio album by Australian indie pop band Hungry Kids of Hungary. Released in Australia on 1 October 2010 on Stop Start/EMI the album was produced by Matt Redlich and features two singles from the band's first two EPs - Scattered Diamonds and a re-recorded version of Set It Right.
 A Day Out of Time is a live album by Trance Mission released on April 6 1999 through City of Tribes Records.
 Black as Death is the fourth studio album by Belgian neo-classical/power metal band Iron Mask released on December 16 2011 by AFM Records. All songs were composed by Dushan Petrossi. The album marks another change in band-lineup comprising ex-Yngwie Malmsteen bandmates Mark Boals Göran Edman and Mats Olausson.
 Mighty ReArranger is English rock singer Robert Plant's eighth solo album and the second with his band Strange Sensation. It was released internationally on 25 April 2005 on 9 May in the United Kingdom and 10 May in the United States. It contains a blend of world and Western music influences with mystical oblique and somewhat cynical references to religion and destiny.
 Lust in Space is the eleventh studio album by Gwar. It was released on August 18 2009. It is their first album since returning to their old label Metal Blade Records. The album also saw the return of former bassist Casey Orr even though he would later part ways with the band yet again.
 Get Lucky: Lucky Ali Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Lucky Ali. The album released in 2009. It was released under the label Sony BMG.
 Perfection (Chinese: 太完美; pinyin: Tàiwánměi) is the second extended play and third overall release by Mandopop boy band Super Junior-M. It was released in Taiwan on 25 February 2011 by Avex Taiwan to be followed by other Asian countries in March 2011.
 Good Spirit is the fifth album and the third live album from Australian roots musician Xavier Rudd. It was released in Australia on 11 April 2005.The album was album recorded from various gigs around Australia: The Enmore Theatre in Sydney on 14 August 2004; The Palais Melbourne on 19 August 2004 and at the Fly-by-Night Club in Fremantle on 21 August 2004.The success of the album lead it to eventually be certified gold by the ARIA.
 The fourth in an ongoing series of annual releases for members of the official Supersuckers fan club. Hey Ya is a cover of the OutKast song. The cover would prove to be so popular in concert the Supersuckers would eventually release a single version.
 Time is the fourth studio album from Chinese singer and songwriter Zhou Bichang. It was released simultaneously in mainland China and Taiwan on July 8 2009.
 Doktor Dolitle is an album by the Swedish folk singer-songwriter and guitar player Fred Åkerström.
 Ancient to the Future: Dreaming of the Masters Series Vol. 1 is a 1987 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago released on the Japanese DIW label. It features performances by Lester Bowie Joseph Jarman Roscoe Mitchell Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye with Bahnamous Lee Bowie guesting .
 Voo Nocturno is the thirteenth album by Jorge Palma.
 Playlist Your Way is a compilation album by K-Ci & JoJo released on August 5 2008 by Universal Records as part of the Playlist Your Way Hits CD series.
 Clockwork Gray is the third studio album by Blaze Ya Dead Homie. Released in 2007 it peaked at #14 on the Billboard Top Independent Albums chart and #34 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 On the Corner of Miles and Gil is the fifth and to date final album by English alternative rock band Shack released in 2006. While the album was not a high-seller only reaching number 55 on the UK album charts it was critically acclaimed.
 Mark Williams ZNZ is the 1990 follow up to Mark Williams first Australian album Life After Dark the albums being released 10 years apart. The album proved to be far more commercially accessible than its predecessor spawning the hit single Show no Mercy his most recognizable and well-known song of his career. The song reached number nine on the Australian charts and was chosen to launch the 1990 Rugby League Grand Final.
 Cak! is a 1982 live comedy album by Alexei Sayle. This was his first album although he had contributed previously to The Comic Strip's compilation album from 1981. The album consists of spoken word segments and songs. Song for Len is about Leonard Cohen.
 Guaranteed released in 1992 is the third solo album by R&B singer Morris Day. Released five years after his previous album Guaranteed is a notable step away from previous efforts. Focusing on hip-hop the album has much more input from outside producers and composers. Day even cut off his trademark permed hair to focus on appealing to a younger crowd. The experiment was a failure and the album fared poorly.
 What a Long Strange Trip It's Been subtitled The Best of the Grateful Dead is a compilation album by the Grateful Dead. It was initially a two-record LP released September 1 1977 by Warner Bros. Records. Even though the band left Warner Bros. after their contract was up in order to form their own label Grateful Dead Records Warner Bros.
 Electricidad (English: Electricity) is the second studio album by Mexican duo Jesse & Joy. The album was released on 15 September 2009 by Warner Music México and reached number twenty-one on the Mexican Albums Chart. The album was certified Gold by the Asociación Mexicana de Productores de Fonogramas y Videogramas (AMPROFON). Adiós became the album's lead single in July 2009. It peaked at number thirteen at the Hot Latin Songs chart and number three at Latin Pop Airplay chart.
 Classic is the second studio album by British singer Joe McElderry. It was released by Decca Records on 19 August 2011 in Ireland and on 22 August 2011 in the United Kingdom. Signed copies were available to pre-order on Universal Music's online store.
 Cell Walk for Celeste is an album by Cecil Taylor recorded for the Candid label in January 1961 but not released until 1988. The album features performances by Taylor with Archie Shepp Buell Neidlinger and Denis Charles. Additional recordings from these sessions were released on New York City R&B in 1971 and Jumpin' Punkins in 1987.
 Waiter Make Mine Blues is a vocal jazz album by Anita O'Day released in April 1961 on Verve Records. This was the tenth record that Anita O'Day made for Norman Granz's Verve records. It was recorded in 1960 on August 1 October 4 and October 7 in Los Angeles California. Arranged by Russ Garcia the record has been described as forties swing based with a contrasting boppish alto solo by saxophonist Bud Shank on Whatever Happened to You?
 In February 2002 twenty years after the original publication of the magazine Fast Folk Smithsonian Folkways released a two-CD compilation album of 36 tracks selected from the magazine's fifteen-year history titled Fast Folk: A Community of Singers & Songwriters.
 The MegaCityHipHop.Com Compilation was the first release by Mega City Hip Hop which is a website dedicated to hip hop in Toronto Ontario. Released on August 1 2008 it featured a variety of artists from the Toronto area.
 Bette is a self-titled album by Bette Midler released in 2000 by Warner Bros. Records (see 2000 in music). This album only peaked #69 on Billboard 200 and Warner Bros. dropped Bette from its roster in 2001 because of the declining record sales. As of October 2003 the album has sold 226000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan.
 The Simon and Garfunkel Collection: 17 of Their All-Time Greatest Recordings is a compilation album by Simon & Garfunkel issued outside of the United States.
 Mabruk is the first LP of Sahrawi singer Aziza Brahim after her 2008 EP Mi Canto. The album is accompanied by a 16 page booklet which includes French translation of the songs and a text by Sahrawi writer Bahia Mahmud Awah on the history of their people. It was elected as 2012 World Music Album of the Year by the Dutch magazine Heaven.
 Covert Action is an album by U.S. Bombs.
 Pride in What I Am is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard released in 1969.
 Blue Stahli is Blue Stahli's second album released on March 2 2011 however most of the tracks have previously been released as singles. The cover artwork was created by Grant Morhman the producer of the debut Celldweller album.An entirely instrumental version of the album was released on January 17 2012.
 Manifiesto was the ninth solo studio album from Chilean songwriter Víctor Jara it was edited after his death using as a base the songs written for the album Tiempos que cambian (Times that change) that was left unfinished. In the album participates the Chilean group Inti Illimani and the Chilean musician Patricio Castillo. Patricio Castillo belonged until 1971 to Quilapayún another famous Chilean band later on it re-entered to the group in a definitive way several years later.
 All Together Now released in 1972 was the third album recorded by British rock band Argent. It was Argent's first hit album and features their most successful single Hold Your Head Up which reached number five in both the U.K. and U.S. singles charts.
 Ché was an American stoner rock band founded by former Kyuss drummer Brant Bjork former Queens of the Stone Age drummer Alfredo Hernández and Unida bassist Dave Dinsmore. Ché released their only LP Sounds of Liberation in 2000.
 A Place in the Sun is the fifth album by American country music artist Tim McGraw. It was released on May 4 1999. Please Remember Me was nominated for Best Male Country Vocal Performance at the 2000 Grammy awards. My Best Friend was nominated in the same category the following year. The CD was originally available with a limited edition booklet that had two transparent sleeves inside.
 Fresh Aire Interludes is an album in new age musical group Mannheim Steamroller's Fresh Aire series. The album was originally released in 1981. The album is a compilation of piano interludes from the first four Fresh Aire albums. All of its tracks are played by pianist Jackson Berkey.
 ...Only a Suggestion is Hermano's first album. It was released by Tee Pee Records with a sampler of other bands such as High on Fire and Black NASA.
 Death Metal Finland is the debut from Finnish death metal band Sotajumala. It was released on Woodcut Records in 2004. The songs are mostly written (in Finnish) by the instrumentalists themselves (much as in the case of Cannibal Corpse one of their avowed influences) as vocalist 105 (aka Teijo Hakkola) only figures into the songwriting on one track.
 ...Featuring Norah Jones (known as just ...Featuring) is a compilation album by American artist Norah Jones. It was released on November 16 2010 on Blue Note Records. The record includes songs by other artists on which Jones appeared including songs by her side projects the Little Willies and El Madmo. The album includes Here We Go Again a duet with Ray Charles which won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year in 2005.
 Sunburnt is an album officially by Martin Phillipps and The Chills though more correctly by Martin Phillipps alone. Owing to visa problems the usual Chills line-up were not able to take part in the recording sessions and session musicians Dave Gregory and Dave Mattacks appeared on all tracks with Phillipps handling vocal keyboard and guitar parts as well as some of the percussion.
 In the Flesh – Live is a two-disc live album that captures performances from Roger Waters' three-year In the Flesh tour. A DVD of the same title was also produced and the two were released in a new package in 2006.
 Homegrown is a demo album by XTC released a year after its parent album Wasp Star (Apple Venus Volume 2) on Idea Records and TVT Records. It was reissued in 2005 as part of the Apple Box.
 Take a Break is the fourth album by Me First and the Gimme Gimmes released on July 1 2003 on Fat Wreck Chords independent record label.The album consists entirely of cover versions of R&B songs.
 Fizzjob is the debut album of Didjits released in 1986 through Bam Bam Records.
 Dire Straits is the debut album by British rock band Dire Straits released on 7 October 1978 by Vertigo Records internationally and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States. The album produced the hit single Sultans of Swing which reached the number 4 position on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and number 8 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Soft Black Stars is an album by Current 93. Virtually all of the music on this album was written and adapted by Michael Cashmore David Tibet and Maja Elliott[citation needed] with the exception of Judas as Black Moth A Gothic Love Song and Whilst The Night Rejoices Profound And Still; the music for these songs was written by Michael Cashmore.
 Where I Should Be is the sixth studio album by Peter Frampton released in 1979.
 Smoke on the Water: The Best Of is a compilation album by the British hard rock band Deep Purple in 1994. It was released only in France where it sold very well attaining Double Gold Disc status in December 1998.
 The AFI / Heckle split single was released in late 1995 by Wingnut Records. AFI's tracks were later re-recorded for their second full-length release Very Proud of Ya.
 Sailin' Shoes was the second studio album by the American rock band Little Feat released in 1972.The album is notable for several reasons. First it introduced the cover artwork of Neon Park to the group. Second it was a more refined style than the group's first album Little Feat and signalled a shift towards the more mature Dixie Chicken.
 War Master is a Bolt Thrower album recorded at Slaughterhouse studios in September 1990 produced by Bolt Thrower and Colin Richardson. It was released on Earache Records: Mosh 29 in 1991.Whereas Realm of Chaos was dominated by grindcore based blasts and riffs this album abandons most of the grindcore influences for a sound that is more strictly death metal. Moreover there is more melody in the music and the guitar solos although some chaotic solos remain.
 This untitled/eponymous album was the third full-length release by Brighton-based folk punk band The Levellers. The record charted at number two in the British album charts and contained the singles Belaruse This Garden and Julie.
 Big Egos...No Ideas is the debut album by American punk rock band Frickin' A released in 2004.
 Feedback is the fourth & final studio album from Los Angeles-based hip hop group Jurassic 5 released on July 25 2006. It is the only album the band released as a quintet in the wake of Cut Chemist's departure earlier that year.The first single from the album was Red Hot followed by Canto De Ossanha and Work It Out. The album features many tracks which pay homage to their '80s hip hop roots.All songs on the album apart from two contain elements of other songs.
 The Director's Cut is the second album by American musical supergroup Fantômas. The album is a collection of cover versions of themes from horror and thriller films and television series performed in a variety of different musical styles. The album was released on July 9 2001 through Ipecac Recordings a record label owned by the band's vocalist Mike Patton.The Director's Cut has been praised by critics with reviewers highlighting the album's versatility and unusual content.
 Imperium Vorago the debut album by the progressive metal project Chimp Spanner. It was released in January 2005 independently. When Chimp Spanner signed to Basick Records the album became available on the iTunes Store.The album consists of the following tracks:
 D.I.R.T. (Da Incredible Rap Team) is the third album by the hip hop group Heltah Skeltah made up of Sean Price (formerly known as Ruck) and Rock. It is their first album since 1998 when they released Magnum Force which did not receive anywhere near as much critical acclaim and underground success as their 1996 record Nocturnal. Confirmed producers include Khrysis and Marco Polo. Everything is Heltah Skeltah is the first single off the album.
 Frengers is the third album by Danish band Mew originally released in April 2003.The title is a portmanteau of the words friend and stranger.
 Incipit Satan is the fifth full-length album by Norwegian black metal band Gorgoroth. It was released on 7 February 2000 through Nuclear Blast and reissued in 2006 by Back on Black Records.Incipit Satan was the first album with Gaahl as full-time vocalist and King ov Hell as bassist. The band members dedicated the album to their deceased friend and former bandmate Erik Brødreskift (a.k.a. Grim).
 Dead Man is the soundtrack to the 1995 Jim Jarmusch western-themed film of the same name starring Gary Farmer and Johnny Depp as William Blake. Neil Young recorded the soundtrack by improvising (mostly on his electric guitar with some acoustic guitar piano and organ) as he watched the newly edited film alone in a recording studio.
 Wonder of the World is the second studio album from contemporary Christian rock band Rush of Fools. It was released on September 16 2008 through Midas Records and debuted at No. 187 on the Billboard 200. The album's first single was the title track Wonder of the World.
 Find Me is Happy Rhodes most recent studio album released October 19 2007. Rhodes collaborated with artists who made contributions to the album these include guitarist Bon Lozaga and bassist Hansford Rowe of Gongzilla bassist Carl Adami guitarists Teddy Kumpel and Jon Catler and pianist Rob Schwimmer.
 Live at Slane Castle is a Red Hot Chili Peppers concert video released in 2003 two years after the release of their last concert DVD Off the Map. The concert taped was their second show at Slane Castle in Ireland the Foo Fighters also played as the opening act and have their own DVD footage of the concert. It was filmed on August 23 2003 and the DVD was released on November 17 2003.
 On the Verge of Destruction 1992.1.7 Tokyo Dome Live is a live album released by X Japan on January 1 1995. It contains the band's performance at the Tokyo Dome on January 7 1992 which was the last with Taiji Sawada on bass. The album reached number 3 on the Oricon chart. There is also a VHS version (later re-released on DVD) with the same name.
 Discovery is a 1979 album by Electric Light Orchestra (ELO).
 Films About Ghosts (The Best of Counting Crows) is a greatest hits album by the popular alternative rock band Counting Crows. It was released by Geffen Records on November 25 2003. The album contains songs from all of their studio albums. The album takes its name from a line in Mrs. Potter's Lullaby: If dreams are like movies then memories are films about ghosts.
 Bitches Ain't Shit But Good People is an EP by Hella.
 Stereo is the fourth solo album by Paul Westerberg. At this point in his career the former Replacements leader was entering a new phase. He said goodbye to professional studios and big-name producers like Brendan O'Brien and Don Was recording the album in his basement by himself. As detailed in the liner notes Westerberg made no effort to fix imperfections like the tape running out in the middle of a song.
 Diamond is the second studio album by Spandau Ballet. It was released on 25 May 1982 by Chrysalis Records. The album was promoted with the single Chant No. 1 (I Don't Need This Pressure On) which was released in 1981 a full year before the album and it reached #3 in the UK Singles Chart. The last single released Instinction reached #10. The album was re-released in a remastered and expanded 2 CD Special Edition on 8 March 2010.
 The Versatile Impressions is an album by the American soul music group The Impressions.The album was released after The Impressions left ABC Records and only featured one original song.The album cover was designed so that the viewer would see a different image depending on the angle of intersection between their line of sight and the cover.
 (718) Live Farewell Extravaganza is the CD complement of 2 Skinnee J's DVD of the same name.
 Indecent Proposal is the second studio album released by hip-hop duo Timbaland & Magoo. The album was released on November 20 2001 becoming the group's second LP and Timbaland's third as he issued Tim's Bio: Life from da Bassment as a solo album in 1998. Indecent Proposal takes its name from the 1993 film of the same name. It was the final Da Bassment album released three months after Aaliyah's death.
 Ballroom Blitz – Live at the Lyceum is a CD by The Damned documenting the tour for the Friday The 13th EP. It was recorded at the London Lyceum on 12 July 1981. It was released in June 1992.
 Celtic Wedding is an album of traditional Breton music performed by the Irish band The Chieftains. The album features guest performances by the Breton artists Nolwenn Monjarrret Bernard Pichard Alain Guerton and Michel Bertae.
 The Great Burrito Extortion Case is Bowling for Soup's ninth studio album released on November 7 2006 as their fifth album through Jive Records. It is their ninth album in total. It was originally set to be titled All My Rowdy Friends Are Still Intoxicated or We're Not Fat We Just Have Small Heads. This album's first single to be released was High School Never Ends which is available on iTunes.
 Cole Alexander/Bradford Cox Split was released in 2006 on Rob's House Records. 500 black 10 vinyls were pressed and a further 500 were repressed. This was the first release for Bradford Cox under the Atlas Sound name. Cole Alexander is the lead singer of The Black Lips. Likewise Bradford Cox is the lead singer of Atlanta four-piece Deerhunter.
 The Silent Force Tour is a double DVD which was released by the symphonic metal/rock band Within Temptation on November 18 2005. In addition to the standard double DVD release the deluxe edition includes a bonus CD.The main concert features the band playing at the Java-eiland Amsterdam. Three songs that were performed at the concert were not included on the release being them Somewhere Enter and Running Up that Hill.
 Zeros is the second full-length studio recording from American post-punk band The Soft Moon. It was released on October 30 2012 by Captured Tracks. The album was once again composed entirely by frontman Luis Vasquez. Production and mixing duties were completed by Monte Vallier at Ruminator Audio. The theme of the record has been described as post-apocalyptic.
 Good News is the title of the first album of Christmas music released by American country music artist Kathy Mattea. It was released in late 1993 on Mercury Records. Mary Did You Know? and What a Wonderful Beginning were both covered by Kenny Rogers (the former as a duet with Wynonna Judd) on his 1996 Christmas album The Gift. Brightest and Best is the only traditional song covered here.
 The Complete Works is a boxed set issued by the rock band Queen in 1985. It contained all of the band's original studio albums live album and non-album tracks to that point. It was available in vinyl and cassette formats.
 Robo-Sapiens is the debut album by Malibu the electronica/remix project of Roger Joseph Manning Jr. released in Japan only on April 18 2007 by Pony Canyon. The album was subsequently released outside Japan with a revised track listing on November 5 2007 by Expansion Team Records.The album includes the TV Eyes track She Gets Around which was originally released as the B side of the She's A Study 12-inch single in 2003.
 Maazi Haal Mustaqbil (Urdu: ماضی، حال، مستقبل literal English translation: past present future) is the second studio album of the Pakistani progressive rock band Mizraab released in March 2004 on Sadaf Stereo. The album is credited to be the first proper Urdu metal album released in Pakistan. Lyrically the album contains references to life death nature and the environment a person lives in.The album was recorded and produced by vocalist and lead guitarist Faraz Anwar.
 Oh What a Mighty Time is an album by the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage. Their sixth studio album and their seventh album overall it was released by Columbia Records in 1975.Oh What a Mighty Time was produced by Bob Johnston. Jerry Garcia of the Grateful Dead plays guitar on three songs and Sly Stone plays keyboards and sings on one song.
 Goodfellas is the second album from underground hip hop duo Show and A.G. formerly known as Showbiz and A.G.. Released three years after their debut Runaway Slave the album received positive acclaim. The album contains a notably darker and more hardcore sound than their debut. Guest appearances came from Lord Finesse D-Flow Party Arty Wali World Method Man and Diamond D.
 Do the B-side is the eighth album from the popular Japanese band Do As Infinity. A limited edition of this album was released with an original T-shirt celebrating the fifth anniversary for the band. Footage of the concert is found in the Do As Infinity Live Year 2004 DVD. This B-side compilation album was released on September 23 2004 under the AVEX Records label.In the Taiwanese version of the limited version of Do The B-Side the two CDs contained the opposite tracks from each other.
 The Beginning of Times is the tenth studio album by Finnish metal band Amorphis released on 25 May 2011 in Finland 27 May in Europe and June 7 in the United States. Like previous Amorphis albums The Beginning of Times is a concept album. The central character of the songs is Väinämöinen described by the band as the iconic hero of Finnish mythology.
 Finer Moments is a compilation album by Frank Zappa. It was compiled and mastered by Zappa in 1972 and released posthumously in 2012. Some of the tracks from this album have appeared on various other releases including 1991's You Can't Do That on Stage Anymore Vol. 4 1992's You Can't Do That on Stage Anymore Vol. 5 1998's Mystery Disc 1996's The Lost Episodes and 2011's Carnegie Hall
 On The Road With Ellison Volume Six is the latest report from Harlan Ellison and a life lived on the road. This 2CD set features an exclusive new essay and Harlan’s historic 2005 Grand Master Award acceptancespeech. Volume Six finds the author impersonating a rabbi getting kicked out of Brazil offering his thoughts on Star Wars and saying goodbye to his dear friend Octavia Butler. Follow Harlan on the road and get inside the head of America's most outspoken wordsmith.
 The Wages of Fear is the second studio album by English indie rock band Tellison. It was released on 13 June 2011 through Naim Edge Records. The album was made available to listen to on SoundCloud on 27 April 2011.
 Ange En Concert: Par Les Fils De Mandrin (Millésimé 77) is a Live album by the French progressive rock band Ange. It presents the rest of the concert included in Tome VI : Live 1977. It was released in 2003.
 Setripn' Bloccstyle is the debut album by Sacramento rapper Mr. Doctor. It was presented by and features Brotha Lynch Hung. It was released on CD and cassette tape.
 Liquid Room 20050403 Official Bootleg is a live album by the Japanese horror punk band Balzac. The album is an official bootleg of the same show at which the live video DVD with the same name was made. Both the CD and the DVD were sipplied in the limited Liquid Room Box Set with a photograph book and other items. Recorded at the Liquid Room venue in 2005 the numbers in the title represent the date of the event.
 Masters of the Burial is the second solo album from Canadian musician Amy Millan of Stars and Broken Social Scene. It was released in Canada on September 8 2009 on the Arts & Crafts label and features guest performances by Stars bandmate Evan Cranley Leslie Feist and others.Produced by Martin Davis Kinack
 subHuman is the fifth album released by Recoil. Alan Wilder stated in a September 2006 (2006-09) YouTube greeting that there would be a new album coming in spring or early summer 2007. On 23 April 2007 he released information regarding the album via MySpace and his official website Shunt. subHuman was released on 9 July 2007 in Europe (14 August 2007 in the US).
 Altered State is the second studio album by British progressive metal band Tesseract. Altered State was produced mixed mastered and engineered by Tesseract guitarist Acle Kahney assisted by bassist Amos Williams at Acle’s 4D Sounds studio. It marks the first full release by the band with new vocalist Ashe O’Hara and the first to consist solely of clean vocals. Amos Williams stated about the new singer: It’s amazing how much one person can change a band. Ashe is full of life and wit.
 Come Home with Me is the third studio album by Harlem rapper Cam'ron it is also his debut on Roc-A-Fella Records. It served as an introduction of the Cam'ron-fronted rap group The Diplomats to the general public. There are featured guest appearances from The Diplomats DJ Kay Slay Daz Dillinger Tiffany Jay-Z McGruff Memphis Bleek and Beanie Sigel.
 Lark is the second studio album released by British singer songwriter Linda Lewis. It was recorded at Apple studio for Reprise Records and released in 1972.The cover was designed by English art director John Kosh with photography by Peter Howe.
 Showtime is a 1964 James Brown album released by Smash Records. It was the transition album from King Records to Smash Records however handicapped by contractual obligations with King Records Brown released an album of remakes overdubbed with canned applause. Brown's vocal group The Famous Flames are included in the albums intro are featured on the album's cover and are featured on several of the album's tracks including Don't Cry Baby Out of The Blue and Caldonia.
 The Hollywood Musicals is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis and American composer/conductor Henry Mancini that was released in October 1986 by Columbia Records. It peaked at number 46 during an eight-week run on the UK album chart that began on December 13 of that year and received Silver certification from the British Phonographic Industry for sales of 60000 units in the UK.
 Rose Royce IV: Rainbow Connection is the fourth album released by the Funk band Rose Royce on the Whitfield label in August 1979. It was produced by Norman Whitfield. This would be the last album to include lead singer Gwen Dickey before she left the group to embark on a solo career.
 This Christmas is a 1999 Christmas album by 98 Degrees. The album sold over 1 million copies in the US alone and spawned the Top 40 hit single This Gift.
 Opening Night is a big band jazz recording of the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra playing at the Village Vanguard club in New York City in February 1966. This was the first performance of the group at this club although the recording was not released until 2000. A 40+ year tradition for Monday nights at the Village Vanguard began from this first evening for the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra which later became the Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra and eventually the Vanguard Jazz Orchestra.
 The Weather is a collaboration album among rappers Busdriver and Radioinactive and producer Daedelus released on February 18 2003. Fitting in with the style of music each artist is known for it can described as alternative hip hop with avant-garde and experimental influences. It is the only album the trio have released together and no artist has revealed plans for any further projects.
 Voodoo is the debut studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Alexz Johnson. The album was released on March 9 2010 through Orange Lounge Recordings and inDiscover Recordings.
 It's Heavy in Here is the debut solo studio album by American singer-songwriter Eric Matthews. It was released by Sub Pop Records on September 26 1995. A track from the album Fanfare was released as a single in the UK only but failed to chart.
 Luminessence is an album composed by American pianist Keith Jarrett featuring saxophonist Jan Garbarek and the Südfunk-Sinfonieorchester conducted by Mladen Gutesha which was released on the ECM label in 1975. Jarrett does not perform on this album.
 The Blood and the Body is a gothic rock album released by Eerie Von on June 15 1999 on Cleopatra Records. It is Eerie Von's second album since he left the metal band Danzig. The music was recorded on a four track cassette system using an acoustic guitar and a keyboard purchased from Toys R Us.
 Disambiguation: You may also be looking for Yosuga City or Yosuga no Sora.Yosuga is the seventh release by Japanese psychedelic-folk rock duo Nagisa Ni te. It was released in Japan on 20 June 2008 by P-Vine Records followed by Jagjaguwar on 9 September in CD and vinyl format for western distribution.
 Kelly Key is the third studio album by Brazilian pop singer Kelly Key released on May 22 2005 by Warner Music. The album features two covers: Barbie Girl originally recorded in 1997 by the group Aqua and Trouble originally recorded by the band Shampoo in 1995.
 Hey is the indie label debut EP by American rapper/producer Le1f  released on March 11 2014 on the Terrible Records. The EP also marks the first official hip hop release for Terrible Records aside from Solange's 2013 single Looks Good With Trouble that featured Kendrick Lamar.
 Back to the Future: Music from the Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the hit 1985 film Back to the Future.
 A Small Good ThingA Small Good Thing Bocephus King's second album was released by New West Records in 1998. The album was marketed as country.Sure argues Perry there's a smattering of that within A Small Good Thing but not enough to ghettoize him within that one genre. It got great reviews says Perry [but] it got stuffed into places it didn't belong.
 Seminar III: Zozobra is an album by Old Man Gloom released in 2001 by Hydra Head Records imprint Tortuga Recordings.
 Happy Christmas Vol. 3 is a 2000 holiday music compilation album. It was released by BEC Records and features artists from a variety of styles who were signed to BEC's parent Tooth & Nail Records. The album is the third in a series of five being preceded by Happy Christmas in 1998 and Happy Christmas Vol. 2 in 1999 and succeeded by Happy Christmas Vol. 4 in 2005.
 Fight Like a Girl is the third studio album released by Emilie Autumn. It is a concept album based around her book The Asylum for Wayward Victorian Girls and her own personal experiences.
 The Great Destroyer is a 2005 album by the slowcore band Low. It was their first recording on Sub Pop Records. California a song about Sparhawk's mother was the first single backed with a demo of Cue the Strings.A remix EP of Monkey entitled Tonight the Monkeys Die soon followed.
 BSSST...Tišinčina! (Serbian Cyrillic: БСССТ...Тишинчина! eng: BSSST... Silence!) is an album released by the Serbian hip-hop collective Beogradski Sindikat (Београдски Синдикат) in early 2002. It contains the following 16 tracks:
 There For is a solo-release by Kristofer Åström released in 2004 on Startracks.
 Nürnberg Fish Trials is Flipper's third live album.
 Getz Au Go Go is a live album by American saxophonist Stan Getz and his quartet featuring bossa nova singer Astrud Gilberto. It was recorded during two concerts in 1964 and released on Verve in 1965 as V6-8600.
 That's What People Do is an independently released album by the rock band Thousand Foot Krutch. Rhyme Animal is the first and only single from this album released in Canada. The tracks titled Rhyme Animal Small Town Lift It and Set It Off were rerecorded in 2000 for the album Set It Off and Rhyme Animal was re-titled Rhime Animal. This is the only TFK album to have no music videos until the 2009 record Welcome to the Masquerade.
 If On a Winter's Night ... is the ninth studio album from British musician Sting.
 IBM 1401 A User's Manual is the fourth full length studio album by Icelandic musician Jóhann Jóhannsson released under 4AD on October 30 2006.
 The Somberlain is the debut album by Dissection released in 1993. It proved to be a highly influential release for both black metal and melodic death metal. The band dedicated the album to Euronymous who was murdered the same year.The album was reissued in 1997 by Nuclear Blast Records and again in 2004 by Black Lodge. Black Lodge also released a special edition set in 2005 limited to 666 copies packaged in a wooden box along with a T-shirt and a sticker.
 Facts and Fictions is an album by the British band Asian Dub Foundation and was originally released in 1995 on the Nation Records label. It was later re-released on Virgin France (2000) and Beggars Banquet Records (2002).
 Chairs Missing is the second studio album by English rock band Wire. It was released in August 1978. The album peaked at N°48 in the Uk albums chart.Although it features some of the minimalist punk rock of the band's debut Pink Flag it features more developed song structure (taking some cues from '70s prog-rock psychedelia and art rock) keyboard and synthesizer elements brought in by producer Mike Thorne and a broader palette of emotional and intellectual subject matter.
 Cool Sax from Hollywood to Broadway is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1964 and released on the Columbia label.
 Laibach was the debut album of the Slovenian industrial group Laibach. It was first released in 1985 although it was only in 1991 that it was released on CD. The tracks Police Blow and First TV Generation were composed by Laibach's sub-group 300.000 V.K.. It was released again in 1999 with additional bonus songs.
 Alabama Thunderpussy originally known as Alabama Thunder Pussy were a stoner metal band from Richmond Virginia. It was founded by Bryan Cox Erik Larson and Asechiah Bogdan in 1996.
 The Camera Never Lies is a jazz vocal album by Michael Franks released in 1987 with Warner Bros. Records. It was Franks' tenth studio album after Skin Dive.
 Neon Cross is the self-titled debut album by the Christian band Neon Cross. Tracks 1-10 are found on the original 1987 Neon Cross album. Tracks 1-16 (with the bonus tracks being 11-16) are only found on the 2001 Neon Cross Limited Edition reissue. The Limited Edition reissue became an instant collectors item because of the rare bonus material and the fact that the song order is printed wrong on the back cover.
 Think About It! is a 1991 album released by ARIA award winning recording artist Kate Ceberano. It is her first 'pop' album after her highly successful 1989 album Brave. The album spawned three singles; with See Right Through / Everything Will Be Alright being the most successful peaking at #33 in Australia in December 1991.
 La Sangre Nunca Muere is the third album by Kinto Sol released in 2005.
 People The Album is officially Howard Jones's seventh album released in 1998.
 The Well is the second full length album by Waking Ashland. It was released on Immortal Records on April 17 2007. Your Intentions was premiered on the popular music website AbsolutePunk.net and several songs such as Diamonds on the Hillside and Salt Lake Jam have been played at Waking Ashland concerts. The band cancelled the second half of their Fall 2006 tour to record the album.
 Especially for You is the first full-length album from New Jersey-based rock band The Smithereens.The album is notable for the hit Blood and Roses which has been featured in multiple movie and TV productions. Producer Don Dixon's co-production work on R.E.M.'s Murmur and Reckoning albums added attention to the record's initial release.
 1-2-3-4 Rock and Roll is an EP produced by British heavy metal band Girlschool. It was released in 1983 by Bronze Records in an attempt to boost the declining sales of the band and launch the upcoming new album Play Dirty. The title track was produced by Ramones' producers Ritchie Cordell and Glen Kolotkin who completed with samples the recording process that the band refused to carry on.
 Get out of My Stations is a 1994 EP by Guided by Voices. It was reissued with live bonus tracks on 25 August 2003.
 Miriam Yeung New and Best Selections (Chinese: 囍愛 新曲+精選) is Cantopop artist Miriam Yeung's (Chinese: 楊千嬅) eighth Compilation album. It was released by her former label Gold Label Records on 5 October 2010. The package includes 2 CDs that includes twenty-four Miriam's greatest hits during her time under Gold Label (2004-2006) and 4 never revealed songs. The package also include a Karaoke DVD.
 Indian Ocean is the debut album from Indian Ocean. The band’s first album recorded in just 10 days at HMV’s Dumdum studio Calcutta in December 92. Shaleen Sharma played the drums on this album. This is the only album in which Shaleen Sharma was present later when Shaleen Sharma left the band he was replaced by Amit Kilam. Released only on cassette. Recording Engineer for this album was Raja Mukherjee. Cover concept was done by Manas Chakrabarti.
 Premiered by Ellington is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded in 1953. The album was originally released as a 10 album and was Ellingon's first release on the Capitol label. The album has not been released on CD but the tracks have appeared on The Complete Capitol Recordings of Duke Ellington released by Mosaic Records in 1995.
 Confrontation is the follow-up to the self-titled 1984 debut album of the Boston new wave band Face to Face.While the previous album had edgier elements like the rap in Under The Gun Confrontation was starting to move away from that style. Because of that this release is seen as a bridge between the debut and their next (and final) album One Big Day. Like the 1984 debut most of the songs were written by Angelo with Laurie Sargent credited as co-writer on half.
 The Zero State is the debut album from Arthur Loves Plastic and was released in 1995.
 For the song Heart Don't Lie see Heart Don't Lie (song).Heart Don't Lie is the third album released by singer La Toya Jackson. It is her most critically acclaimed and commercially successful album to date peaking at #149 on the Billboard 200.
 Rain is an EP by 40 Below Summer. The disc is a re-release of the band's much sought-after independent EP before they signed with London-Sire Records. The EP was released on July 31 2007 via Crash Music Inc.
 Cheap at Half the Price is a 1983 solo album by English guitarist composer and improviser Fred Frith. It was Frith's fifth solo album and was originally released in the United States on LP record on The Residents' Ralph record label. It was the third of three solo albums Frith made for the label.Cheap at Half the Price was recorded by Frith at his home in New York City on a 4-track machine.
 This Is a Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About is the first full-length album by indie rock band Modest Mouse. The album was released on Up Records on April 16 1996 on both compact disc and vinyl formats. The vinyl release contains two extra tracks Edit the Sad Parts and A Manic Depressive Named Laughing Boy.
 The Shambolic Birth and Early Life Of is a promo compilation album by The Flaming Lips released in 2002. It summarizes the first six years of The Flaming Lips. Released with limited distribution in music shops to promote Finally the Punk Rockers Are Taking Acid and The Day They Shot a Hole in the Jesus Egg it is similar in many respects to the 1998 compilation 1984-1990.
 Off to the Races is an album by American trumpeter Donald Byrd recorded in 1958 and released on the Blue Note label in 1959 as BLP 4007.
 Unhalfbricking is the third album by the British folk rock band Fairport Convention and their second album released in 1969.
 To Find Me Gone is the second studio album by Andy Cabic's San Francisco based band Vetiver.The cover features a holographic print from American Artist Galen Pehrson.
 Another Fine Mess is the first major live release by British folk metal band Skyclad. Tracks 1-8 are from the Dynamo festival in 1995 and 9-12 are acoustic reworkings of old Skyclad songs which first appeared on the limited edition Outrageous Fourtunes EP.
 They Live By Night (2002) is The Hamsters eighth album. It was recorded live at several different venues during the UK summer of 2001.
 Decca Presents Selections from George Gershwin's folk opera Porgy and Bess consists of two volumes of records the first from 1940 and the next from 1942. The 1940 album was the first to record selections from George Gershwin's opera Porgy and Bess as sung by members of the original Broadway cast from 1935. The only singers involved were Todd Duncan as Porgy and Anne Brown as Bess. Duncan sang It Ain't Necessarily So which is sung in the opera by Sportin' Life.
 The Boss is a 1968 live album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith.
 Lifesblood for the Downtrodden is an album released by Crowbar on February 8 2005 on Candlelight Records. Its working title in 2004 had been You Don't Need an Enemy to Have a War. It is dedicated to the memory of Dimebag Darrell who died while the band was recording the album. Coming Down appeared on Fear Candy 13 a compilation CD issued by the British extreme metal magazine Terrorizer.
 A Very Gaga Holiday is a live EP released by Lady Gaga containing songs performed at the ABC Christmas special A Very Gaga Thanksgiving. It was made available for purchase in the US on November 22 2011 exclusively on the iTunes Store and Amazon and on November 26 in the rest of the world.
 Imperial is the second album by In Fear and Faith. It was released June 15 2010 through Rise Records and is the band's last release to feature former unclean vocalist Cody Anderson.
 Juliana's Pony: Total System Failure is the fifth album by Juliana Hatfield released in 2000. Of note about this album is that the songs Total System Failure and Leather Pants use the same music with different lyrics.
 Doro is the second solo album of the German female hard rock singer Doro Pesch. The album was released in May 1990.
 Sweet America was the twelfth studio album by Buffy Sainte-Marie and her last before retiring from music to work on Sesame Street and in education.
 Dear Mr. President is a 1942 album by the Almanac Singers: Agnes Cunningham Baldwin Butch Hawes Woody Guthrie Millard Lampell Lee Hays and Pete Seeger. After the Japanese attacks on Pearl Harbor in February 1942 the Almanacs went into the studio to record a set of songs supporting the American war effort. This was partly to do with the fact that with American entrance into World War II all American unions adopted a no-strike pledge.
 Gifts & Messages is an album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Roland Kirk. It was originally released on the Mercury label in 1964 and features performances by Kirk with Horace Parlan Michael Fleming and Steve Ellington.
 Ten Commandments (Chinese: 十誡) is a studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded in 1994 and released in April.
 Cielo de Tambores (English: Sky of Tambores) is the tenth album by Colombian group of salsa Grupo Niche released in 1990.
 Dark to Themselves is a live album by Cecil Taylor recorded at the Ljubljana Jazz Festival Yugoslavia on June 18 1976 and released on the Enja label. The album features one continuous performance by Taylor with Raphe Malik Jimmy Lyons David S. Ware and Marc Edwards.The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awards it 4.5 stars stating: Listeners with very open ears and longtime fans of Cecil Taylor can consider this explosive performance to be essential.
 Maria Fumaça is the debut album by Brazilian Funk band Banda Black Rio released in 1977 vinyl format by Atlantic Records (BR 20.022) and issued in 1994 CD format by WEA Music and distributed by Warner Music Brasil (450996349-2).It was listed by Rolling Stone Brazil as one of the 100 best Brazilian albums in history.
 Hiding Place is an album from Contemporary Christian group Selah. It was released on 2004.
 Star People is a 1983 album recorded by Miles Davis and issued by Columbia Records. To date Columbia has not issued Star People on CD in North America although it is available there as part of the box set Miles Davis: The Complete Columbia Album Collection; CBS/Sony have issued the album on CD in Japan.
 Mobley's 2nd Message is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley released on the Prestige label in 1957. It was recorded on July 27 1956 one week after Mobley's Message (1956) and features performances by Mobley Kenny Dorham Walter Bishop Doug Watkins and Art Taylor.
 999 is the debut album from the band 999 released during the punk era. It contained such singles as September 1977's I'm Alive/Quite Disappointing and October 1977's Nasty Nasty/No Pity. The album also contained Emergency which was the start of the band's more distinctive approach to their previous punk sound.
 The Carla Bley Big Band Goes to Church is a live album by American composer bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley recorded in Perugia Italy as part of the Umbria Jazz Festival and released on the Watt/ECM label in 1996.
 Friend is an album in 2002 by S.E.S.. This is S.E.S.' last Korean album. It sold approximately 95000 copies. The single was S.II.S (Soul To Soul) but the group never performed it on television.The album was also released in some parts of Asia particularly Philippines Hong Kong and Taiwan.
 The Ultimate Collection is a 3 CD anthology of recordings by Grace Jones released in 2006 by Universal.
 Sanjati is the third studio album by the Sarajevo-based Bosnian pop band Crvena jabuka. It was released in 1988. In the ex-Yugoslavian territory it sold over 250000 copies.This is the album that put the band back into commercial success after their 1987 release Za sve ove godine. Perhaps the most notable songs on this album are Sviđa mi se ova stvar which samples Los Lobos' La Bamba and The Isley Brothers' tune Twist and Shout.
 There's No Place Like America Today is the seventh studio album by Curtis Mayfield. Billy Jack updated the streetwise chic of Superfly while So in Love was one of his most affecting love songs.
 Se sto e sveto (Cyrillic:Се што е свето) is the third album by Macedonian rock band Vodolija released December 2009. Аll songs except lyric on Summertime are composed and written by front man of Vodolija Risto Apostolov. Lyric on Summertime is by Sonia Sauruk
 Prime Cuts is a compilation released by crossover thrash band Suicidal Tendencies. It features two brand new tracks Berserk! and Feeding the Addiction as well as two reworked tracks from their 1987 album Join the Army Join the New Army and Go Skate (Possessed To Skate '97).
 Peat Smoke & Seaweed Storm is the second album of the Finnish composer Osmo Tapio Räihälä released in 2014. The music on the album is performed by the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra and two solo performers the French horn player Jukka Harju and the pianist Matilda Kärkkäinen. The album consists of five works written between 1999 and 2012. The opening track on the album Barlinnie Nine is a musical portrait of the Scottish ex-football player and Everton cult hero Duncan Ferguson.
 Two Lovers and Other Great Hits is an album released by Motown singer Mary Wells the third album she released while recording for the label in 1963. The album composed of Wells' third top ten hit Two Lovers the follow-up hit Laughing Boy and the b-side to the Two Lovers single Operator the latter song later re-recorded as a minor hit for fellow Motown female crooner Brenda Holloway.
 Lost Horizons is the first studio album released by the electro-symphonic power metal band Luca Turilli's Dreamquest. The album features an unknown female vocalist and Italian musician Luca Turilli guitarist for Rhapsody of Fire and a number of solo albums plays keyboards.The album was released on June 9 2006 in Germany Switzerland and Austria. It was released throughout the rest of Europe on June 12 and in the United States on June 27.
 Chansons pour les pieds was a 2001 album by Jean-Jacques Goldman sung in French. The album was recorded at the Théâtre du Cratère d'Alès by Eric Van de Hel and Gildas Lointier assisted by Renaud Van Welden. All songs were written by the singer himself. Released by JRG the album met smash success on the charts : it topped the French and Belgian Albums Charts and remained charted for almost two years and was #2 in Switzerland.
 Frank Black Francis is a 2-CD set released in 2004 by Frank Black roughly coinciding with the Pixies reunion tour. Disc 1 consists of a March 1987 solo acoustic demo tape recorded by engineer Gary Smith just prior to the first Pixies recording session. Disc 2 is a contemporary recording of Frank Black reworking a number of Pixies songs with Keith Moliné and Andy Diagram who are part of David Thomas and Two Pale Boys.
 Porgy and Bess is an album by Harry Belafonte and Lena Horne released by RCA Victor in 1959. It includes songs from George Gershwin's opera Porgy and Bess. Belafonte and Horne sing two songs together: There's a Boat That's Leavin' Soon for New York and Bess You Is My Woman Now. The album was re-issued on a 2-CD set in 2003 together with Jamaica by BMG Collectables in Stereo.
 A Small Misunderstanding Leads to Disaster is the debut EP of the Australian post-hardcore/metal band The Valley.
 David Bowie is the second studio album by English musician David Bowie released under that title by Philips in the UK and by Mercury in the US as Man of Words/Man of Music. It was later rereleased by RCA as Space Oddity but reverted to the original eponymous title for a 2009 reissue. Regarding its mix of folk balladry and prog rock NME editors Roy Carr and Charles Shaar Murray have said Some of it belonged in '67 and some of it in '72 but in 1969 it all seemed vastly incongruous.
 A Natural Disaster is the seventh album by the British rock band Anathema. It was released on 3 November 2003 in the United Kingdom and on 24 February 2004 in the United States through Music for Nations.It is the first album to feature the band's original bassist Jamie Cavanagh brother of band members Vincent and Daniel Cavanagh who left Anathema prior to any release in 1991 and returned in 2001.
 Cor Cordium is the twelfth studio album by American progressive rock band Glass Hammer. The name of the album is taken from an eponymous poem by Algernon Charles Swinburne.The album follows the symphonic-progressive musical direction of the previous album If after the arrival of singer Jon Davison and guitarist Alan Shikoh. It is the only album in which Davison plays acoustic guitars.
 A Magical Gathering: The Clannad Anthology is a greatest hits compilation album by Clannad released by Rhino Records in 2002. With performances in English and Gaelic Rhino’s two-disc release is the first-ever career-spanning collection from the group. With 34 tracks released between 1973 and 1998 it includes signature songs like Theme from Harry's Game and In a Lifetime.
 Wangaratta Wahine is an album by Australian band The Captain Matchbox Whoopee Band released in 1974.
 The Illusion of Safety is the second album released by the London based indie pop band The Hoosiers. It was released in the UK on 16 August 2010 and was preceded by the lead single Choices which was released on 1 August 2010.
 Rap-Sodia efectului defectului (Rap-sody For The Flaw's Effect) is the debut studio album from the hip hop group R.A.C.L.A. and the first Romanian hip hop album.
 If I Don't Stay the Night is the second album from American country singer Mindy McCready. The album was released on November 4 1997 via BNA Records. The album peaked at number 12 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart and featured three singles What If I Do The Other Side of This Kiss and You'll Never Know. The album sold 825000 copies and was certified gold by the RIAA despite not producing a Top Ten country hit.
 Šampanjac (English: Champagne) is an album of Bosnian Serb singer Mile Kitić. It was released in 2005.
 Open Season is a remix album by Canadian singer and songwriter Feist. Released in April 2006 it was rumored to be a Canadian-only release.[citation needed] The second version was released July 18 2006.The album contains alternative versions and remixes of songs from her award-winning album Let It Die including collaborations with Peaches The Postal Service k-os and Kings of Convenience.
 Hoodlum Rock Vol. 1 is the debut studio album from rap rock band El Pus. The album contains 13 tracks and was released through Virgin Records on 1 March 2005.
 Passion: Awakening is an album recorded live at Passion 10 the 2010 gathering of the Passion Conferences. The album was released on March 11 2010. It took the No. 1 position on Billboard.com's Christian Albums chart upon its debut.
 Morceau Subrosa (also known in full as SUPPLEMENTO BT: Volume 01. SERAPHIM 09. NUOVO MORCEAU SUBROSA A topological ABSTRACT of Granular Systems [Symphonie elektronik]) is the eighth studio album by composer and electronica artist BT and was released on June 19 2012 in tandem with If the Stars are Eternal So are You and I his seventh studio album.
 Passion is the sixth studio album by British extreme metal band Anaal Nathrakh. It was released on May 17 2011 by Candlelight Records. The album features guest appearances by Drugzilla Rainer Landfermann Ventnor and Alan Dubin.
 The 31st of February is the eponymous debut album by the trio of Scott Boyer (guitar vocals) David Brown (bass) and Butch Trucks (drums).
 Sonic Jihad is the fifth studio album by rapper Paris released in 2003 recorded mixed and mastered at Data Stream Studio in San Francisco.
 Easton Corbin is the self-titled debut album of American country music artist Easton Corbin. It was released on March 2 2010 via Universal Music Group Nashville's Mercury Nashville division. The album's lead-off single A Little More Country Than That was released to country radio on August 4 2009. It debuted at #56 and became his first #1 hit for the week of April 3 2010.
 Ghost Riders in the Sky is an album by country singer Slim Whitman (Ottis Dewey Whitman Jr) released by United Artists in 1978. The title track was released in the UK in 1979 as a 7 single backed with Carolina Moon.
 Ruination is the second studio album by American death metal band Job for a Cowboy. The follow-up to their first studio album Genesis Ruination was recorded and mixed at AudioHammer studios in Sanford Florida with producer Jason Suecof. It was released July 7 2009 through Metal Blade Records. The album sold around 10600 copies in the United States in its first week of release to debut at position No. 42 on The Billboard 200 chart.
 Long to Be Loose is the second solo album released by jazz fusion guitarist Wayne Krantz. It was the first album to feature his first trio consisting of Lincoln Goines at electric bass Zach Danziger at drums and Krantz himself at guitar. Its memorable riffs imply Wayne's avant-garde maturity from his previous album Signals towards his later and more complex albums such as 1995's 2 Drink Minimum and Greenwich Mean released four years later.
 69 is a 1988 album by A.R. Kane.
 Three for Love is the fourth album by American R&B group Shalamar released in 1980 on the SOLAR label. It was produced by Leon Sylvers III and features the 'classic' Shalamar line-up (Jeffrey Daniel Howard Hewett and Jody Watley).Three for Love has been certified Gold in the United States for sales of over 500000.
 Dreaming of the Masters Suite: Music Inspired by and Dedicated to John Coltrane is an album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago released on the Japanese DIW label. It features performances by Lester Bowie Joseph Jarman Roscoe Mitchell Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye.
 Brides is a music album released in 1987 by English singer Annabel Lamb. Its original release on vinyl contained ten tracks including a cover of The Velvet Underground's 1970 song Sweet Jane. An additional bonus track was added when the compact disc version was released.
 Wyspa dzieci - the second studio album by Polish group 2 Plus 1 released in 1975. The title translates The Island of Children.
 Adrenalina 2 (Adrenaline 2) is the special edition of the second album Adrenalina by the Italian pop rock group Finley. It includes some new English versions of the previous songs (All I've Got My Blinded Eyes Just For You Driving To Nowhere and Drops Of Time). The cover is different as well.
 Forgive is the second studio album by American country music artist Rebecca Lynn Howard. The album was released in September 2002 by MCA Nashville. The only single released from the project the title track peaked at #12 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and was her only Top 40 country hit.Jesus and Bartenders was later recorded by Daryle Singletary who released it in 2008 as a single from his album Straight from the Heart.
 Voyeur is an album by American saxophonist David Sanborn that was released on the Warner Bros. label in 1981.
 Live Underground 2002 is the first live DVD and documentary film by Comes with the Fall. Before its release the band put out a companion CD featuring the same live performance titled Live 2002.
 Destination Set to Nowhere is a concept album by the Italian progressive power metal band Vision Divine. Released through earMusic on September 14 2012 it is the band’s 7th studio album. Destination Set to Nowhere has a futuristic concept and its story takes place in outer space. It follows the journey of a group of like-minded people who because of political and economical injustices escape the planet earth and set out to search for a new planet to start a better life there.
 Used and Abused: In Live We Trust is a DVD release by Swedish melodic death metal band In Flames released on June 18 2005. It was also released in a limited edition 2 CD/ 2 DVD boxset.
 Jazz Mood is the debut album by multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1957 and released on the Savoy label. The album was produced from Lateef's second recording session but was the first album released under his leadership.
 Honor Among Thieves is Edwin McCain's first major-label album released on CD and cassette tape on August 15 1995 by Lava Records.Songs from Thieves also appear on McCain's live concert DVD Tinsel & Tap Shoes.
 Riot on an Empty Street is the second album from Norwegian duo Kings of Convenience. It features two song collaborations with Canadian musician Feist. It peaked at #2 in Norway #3 in Italy (staying in the chart for a year) and #49 in the UK.
 Large as Life and Twice as Natural is an album by British musician Davey Graham released in 1968.In his Allmusic review critic Ritchie Unterberger stated With the exception of 1964's Folk Blues and Beyond this is Graham's finest non-compilation album.
 Habits & Contradictions is the second independent studio album by American hip hop recording artist Schoolboy Q released January 14 2012 exclusively on iTunes under Top Dawg Entertainment.The album features guest appearances from ASAP Rocky Jhené Aiko Dom Kennedy Currensy Ab-Soul Kendrick Lamar and Jay Rock.
 Global Underground 023: Barcelona is a DJ mix album in the Global Underground series compiled and mixed by James Lavelle. The album is mainly breaks and trip hop which is far different from the progressive house of other albums in the Global Underground series.
 Fabric 49 is a 2009 album by Magda. The album was released as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 Live From Australia: The Reformation Tour 2012 (2012) is a live album by The Tea Party recorded during the Australian leg of the band's reunion tour. The album was funded and initially released September 15 2012 through the website PledgeMusic. The album was commercially released November 23 2012 in Australia and November 27 2012 in the rest of the world.
 Ellington '65 is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded in 1964 and released on the Reprise label in 1965. The album features recordings of popular tunes arranged by Ellington and Billy Strayhorn a formula which was revisited on Ellington '66 (1966).
 Live 05 is a digital-only EP by The Chemical Brothers released in 2005. It contains live tracks recorded during the band's 2005 tour promoting their album Push the Button.
 This article describes the 9th album in the New Zealand Now series. It should not be confused with the original UK album of the same name. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music 9 (UK series).Now That's What I Call Music 9 or Now 9 was released in 2001. The album is the 9th edition of the (NZ) Now! series.
 D&B Together (originally titled Country Life) is the sixth studio album by Delaney & Bonnie and Friends. It was their last album of new material as Delaney and Bonnie Bramlett would divorce soon after its release.
 The Power of the True Love Knot is an album by Shirley Collins.The theme of this collection of songs is the idea of true love as a power outside society's control as Shirley writes on the liner notes. If the first track sounds slightly like Eleanor Rigby this is because Bram Taylor plays cello on both of them. Two other guests are Mike Heron and Robin Williamson from The Incredible String Band. The relationship bore fruit on Shirley's next album.
 The Statue Makers of Hollywood is the third and final album by the rock band The Alpha Band released in 1978.
 Dirty Sexy Knights in Paris is the only major label album by alternative rock band Audiovent. It was released in 2002 on Atlantic Records. The album had two singles The Energy and Looking Down both of which had marginally successful music videos. Audiovent toured with Saliva and Theory of a Deadman in promotion of the album.
 Black Swan is the fourth album by English rock band Athlete. released on 24 August 2009 it is their first release with Fiction Records. The album charted in the UK at number 18 on 30 August. The first single lifted from the album Superhuman Touch was released on 17 August 2009 while The Getaway is lifted as the first single in the US. Black Swan Song proceeded as the second single taken off the record and a UK release of The Getaway.
 Live is a 1972 live album (see 1972 in music) by American Soul artist Donny Hathaway. It was recorded at two concerts: side one at The Troubadour in Hollywood and side two at the The Bitter End in Greenwich Village Manhattan.
 Northern Lights is the self-titled debut album by the progressive bluegrass band Northern Lights recorded in 1976 under the Revonah Records label.
 Brak Presents the Brak Album Starring Brak is the soundtrack to the television special Brak Presents the Brak Show Starring Brak.
 A Pale Debilitating Autumn is the 1994 debut album by German technical death metal band Pavor.
 Away with the Faeries is a compilation comprising five previously unreleased songs and ten live recordings released by British goth rock band Inkubus Sukkubus. It is the band's only live release so far.
 Get It Away was the second release from the Boston hardcore punk band SSD. It is the first release to feature Francois Levesque. The cover art featuring a trash-strewn city street was done by Pushead who spelled out his girlfriend's name in part of the trash.
 Night Moves is the ninth studio album by American rock singer Bob Seger and his first with the Silver Bullet Band. It was released in October 1976 (see 1976 in music). Although the front cover only credits backing by the Silver Bullet Band four of the nine songs on the album feature backing by the Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section.The album was well received by critics and gave Bob Seger nation-wide success.
 Inner City Blues is the debut album by saxophonist Grover Washington Jr.. It was recorded at the Van Gelder Studio in September 1971 and released in 1972. The title track was a cover of the recent hit by Marvin Gaye released in June 1971. The album also includes a cover of Bill Withers' hit Ain't No Sunshine released shortly before recording this album. In 2008 it was reissued on CD by Verve Records.
 Between the Sheets is the 22nd album released by The Isley Brothers on their T-Neck imprint on April 24 1983. The album is notable for the title track and the follow-up ballad Choosey Lover.
 Peacetime is the eighth studio album by Eddi Reader released in the UK on 29 January 2007.The album was promoted the following month by a full UK tour with her own band including John McCusker Boo Hewerdine Kevin McGuire Alan Kelly and Roy Dodds.Eddi says the album started with a desire to work with some of the UK's amazing traditional folk musicians and some contemporary players who she considers the best in their field.
 Class Mythology is an EP by American alt-country band Ryan Adams and the Cardinals released on April 16 2011 on PAX AM. Limited to 2500 copies the EP was released in celebration of Record Store Day and consists of unreleased tracks recorded for Cardinology (2008).The release comprises two coloured seven-inch singles a small poster of deceased bassist Chris Feinstein and a sticker.
 Sencillamente Nunca is a 1978 album by Mr. Loco.
 Super Raoul is the debut LP from Fishtank Ensemble. The album was recorded live at Fishtank in Oakland California in early 2004 and completed over the course of two weekends. At this time the band had only been playing together for three weeks.
 California Years is the seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Jill Sobule released on April 14 2009 on Sobule's own label Pinko Records. The album was produced by Don Was and financed completely by fan donations to Sobule's website jillsnextrecord.com.
 Famous Country Duets is an album by American country music artist George Jones with Gene Pitney and Melba Montgomery. This album was released in 1965 (see 1965 in country music) on the Musicor Records label. This was Jones' first album with Musicor Records.
 Ø (Disambiguation) is the seventh and final studio album by American metalcore band Underoath. Released on November 9 2010 through Tooth & Nail Records the album is the band's first without founding member Aaron Gillespie and is the first and only record by the band with Daniel Davison formerly of Norma Jean.
 Fan The Fury is the name of Aloud's follow up to their 2006 debut full-length Leave Your Light On. It is the only Aloud album containing music credited as written by all four original members of the band as well as the last to feature bassist Roy Fontaine and drummer Ross Lohr. The album was produced by Sony mix engineer Chuck Brody.Fan The Fury was released on March 25 2008 on Lemon Merchant Records.
 Kenny is the seventh studio album by Kenny Rogers released in 1979. It includes the singles Coward of the County and You Decorated My Life.Tulsa Turnaround is a reworking of an earlier song Rogers recorded with The First Edition.Goodbye Marie was later recorded by Bobby Goldsboro charting as a single for him in 1981.The album reached the Top Five of the Billboard album chart and #1 in the Country charts (where it stayed for a record total of 25 weeks).
 The Harold Pig Memorial is the second studio album by Ohio alternative rock band Circus Devils released in 2002. Conceived as a concept album each song depicts an episode in the life of biker Harold Pig as told by Harold's friends at his wake.
 Pause for a Hoarse Horse is the debut album of British rock band Home. The record was released in 1971 by CBS Records. The band's line-up consisted of Cliff Williams on bass Laurie Wisefield on guitar Mick Cook on drums and Mick Stubbs on guitar. It also featured keyboardist Clive Johns. The album did not make much headway and was one of only three albums released by the group from 1971 to 1973.
 El Niño and More Purple Than Black are two names for the same Phil Lewis solo album.
 Once Again with FEELING! is a twenty song compilation by recording artist Jim Bianco. Released August 25 2009 this compilation features eleven popular tracks from three of Bianco's studio albums and nine previously unreleased tracks from Bianco's collection of demos alternate versions and B-sides. This album was released exclusively through NoiseTrade.com.
 this article refers to the compilation album. For the original recordings see Jazz Sébastien Bach (Vol. 1) and Jazz Sébastien Bach Vol.2Jazz Sebastian Bach is a compilation album / re-issue of music by the Paris-based Swingle Singers. It combines the tracks from two previous releases 1963's Bach's Greatest Hits aka Jazz Sébastien Bach (Vol. 1) (tracks 1-13) with 1968's Back to Bach aka Jazz Sébastien Bach Vol. 2 (tracks 14-23).
 Cuttin' Heads is an album by American singer-songwriter and musician John Mellencamp released in 2001. It was his second album for Columbia Records.
 The Return: The Right To Remain Silent is an album by The Dayton Family under DDA Records released sometime late 2009. It is their first full length album under another new record label Featuring Artists such as Bone Crusher Billy Smokes and MC Breed (RIP MC Breed).
 Socrates Drank the Conium was the 1972 debut album of the Greek rock band of the same name. It has more psychedelic- and blues-influenced tracks than their following albums. The work on this album is similar to that of musicians like Jimi Hendrix and Eric Clapton.
 Tears and Pavan is a compilation album by English band Strawbs.
 Left Side of the Brain is the second album by British rock band Fiction Plane. Released in 2007 this album was followed up by Fiction Plane's support role in The Police's reunion tour which continued until February 2008.
 Cheek to Cheek is the upcoming collaboration album by jazz singer Tony Bennett and pop singer Lady Gaga which was originally scheduled to be released on January 1 2014. Bennett later confirmed in an interview that the release date has been pushed back to March 2014. However the album has been delayed until late 2014.
 Life Scars Apologies is the second full-length studio album released on August 6 2010 by alternative metal band Since October through Tooth and Nail Records . It is their second full-length to be released on Tooth & Nail Records.
 Columbia-Princeton Electronic Music Center was an album of electronic music released in 1961. It was the recording of a concert performed at the McMillin Theatre (today called the Miller Theatre) at Columbia University on May 9 and 10 1961. The stereo version was MS 6566 and the monophonic version was ML 5966. There was a sequel released in 1998 on the New World label titled Columbia-Princeton Electronic Music Center 1961–1973.
 Call Me by My Name is the sixth studio album by British soulsinger Ruby Turner released in October 1998. Turner co-wrote five songs and enlisted the help of rhythm and blues luminaries Bobby Tench Zoot Money Stan Webb and Bad Company bassist Boz Burrell.
 Europop is the debut album by Italian electronic group Eiffel 65. The album was released in 1999 as under Bliss Corporation and Universal Records and Republic Music (Universal and Republic would merge to Universal Republic). The album is most notable for the group's two biggest hits: Blue (Da Ba Dee) and Move Your Body which topped the charts worldwide.
 DenGee Livin' is the third studio album by American rap group DenGee (formerly known as 187 Fac). It was released May 23 2000 on Ronlan Entertainment. The album was produced entirely by E-A-Ski & CMT. It peaked at number 81 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. The album features guest performances by Spice 1 E-A-Ski Silk-E San Quinn Mr.
 The Haunting was the first full length album by the American deathrock/gothic rock band Theatre of Ice recorded in 1981 and released in 1982.The recording sessions took place in a supposedly haunted house somewhere in the deserts of Nevada. While many at the time thought it nothing more than a gimmick the band claimed that it inspired them to create what is now considered one of the more deranged albums ever recorded.
 Eureka is the third studio album by the American alternative rock band Rooney. It was released on June 8 2010.The album is the band's first to be released on their own label California Dreamin' Records. The album was released on CD and vinyl with a deluxe digital edition featuring four bonus tracks. The band took pre-orders for the album where fans could choose from an autographed CD or vinyl in addition to an exclusive t-shirt.
 San Francisco Days is the fourth album by Chris Isaak released in 1993. The album was dedicated to the memory of Louie Beeson who was the sound consultant.
 City of Fire the side project of vocalist Burton C. Bell (Fear Factory) alongside bassist Byron Stroud (3 Inches of Blood ex-Fear Factory Strapping Yyoung Lad) drummer Bob Wagner and guitarist / producer Terry Sho Murray launched its much awaited and delayed second album Trial Through Fire. The CD was recorded at The Factory studios in Vancouver British Columbia Canada.
 Drawn is the ninth studio album of Filipino singer-actress Regine Velasquez-Alcasid released on August 1 1998. The album was recorded from 1997 to 1998. This is the first album that Velasquez ventured into soul and R&B music coming from her previous Asian-pop appeal. It was executively produced by Mark J. Feist of the MJF Company and co-produced by Viva Records. The album is distributed in the Philippines by Viva Music Group. Mark J.
 The Best of Taj Mahal Volume 1 is a blues compilation album by American Taj Mahal.
 Strength of Steel is the fourth studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Anvil. It is the group's sole charting album in the United States peaking at No. 191 on the Billboard 200 album chart in 1987. It was also the band's first release on Metal Blade Records. Two of the songs on this album (Straight Between the Eyes and Wild Eyes) appeared in the film Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers.A music video was made for the song Mad Dog.
 Human is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Brandy Norwood first released in France in December 2008 and by March 2009 in most international music markets.
 Bedtime for Isocracy is the only studio release by the American punk rock band Isocracy. It was released on 7-inch vinyl in January 1988 through Lookout! Records with the catalog number LK 005. The title is a parody of the Dead Kennedys' final studio album Bedtime for Democracy (1986) a popular album among punk rock fans at the time.
 The Chairman of the Board is a 1959 studio album by Count Basie and his orchestra.
 Up to Here is the first full-length album by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip. The album was released in 1989 and reached #13 in February 1990 on the RPM Canadian Albums Chart. The album has been certified diamond in Canada as of 1999.Blow at High Dough became the theme song to the CBC comedy-drama Made in Canada.
 The Real McCoy is the seventh album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner and his first released on the Blue Note label. It was recorded on April 21 1967 following Tyner's departure from the John Coltrane Quartet and features performances by Tyner with Joe Henderson Ron Carter and Elvin Jones. Producer Alfred Lion recalls the recording session as a pure jazz session.
 Dreaming in Color is the sixth album and the fifth studio album by Christian pop group Jump5 released on September 21st 2004 on Sparrow Records. It is the first release from the group as a quartet after the departure of Libby Hodges. Singles from the album included Dance with Me and It's a Beautiful World.
 Europe '72 is a 1972 live triple album of performances by the Grateful Dead recorded during their tour of Western Europe in early 1972. A second volume was released in 2011.
 Crowleymass was an EP released in 1987 by the English group Current 93 led by David Tibet. Crowleymass originally appeared on a 12” vinyl record through Maldoror and was later reissued in 1997 on CD format through Durtro the record company owned by David Tibet.
 We The People is the debut album by the Washington D.C. group The Soul Searchers.
 The Sky of Mind is Ray Lynch’s debut album released in 1983. This album was promoted by word of mouth and became an underground success setting the stage for his Platinum selling album Deep Breakfast.
 Thornography is the seventh studio album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth. It was released on 17 October 2006 through Roadrunner Records. It was produced by former Anthrax guitarist Rob Caggiano engineered by Dan Turner and mixed by Andy Sneap and once again features narration by Doug Bradley (as with Midian and Nymphetamine). It is Cradle of Filth's second album as a five-piece as keyboardist Martin Powell left the band in 2005.
 She is a funk album by Harry Connick Jr. recorded in 1994 accompanied by his newly formed funk band. Every song lies within the framework of the rootsy New Orleans style.
 Mapmaker is the third full-length release from Parts & Labor released in 2007 on Jagjaguwar Records.
 Flux + Mutability is the second collaboration between David Sylvian and Holger Czukay. It was released in September 1989. The music consists of two instrumental tracks improvised by the participants.
 Zé Ramalho Canta Raul Seixas is the sixteenth album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho. It is a tribute album to another well-known Brazilian guitarist Raul Seixas. It was released in 2001. Zé wanted to record an album with Raul when he was alive. More than a decade after his death he decided to record this tribute album but he faced opposition from the writer Paulo Coelho who refused to grant permission for Zé Ramalho to record the songs he had composed with Raul.
 Consequences is British singer-songwriter Peter Hammill's 31st solo album released on his own Fie! Records label in April 2012. As on his previous release Thin Air Hammill played all instruments wrote all the songs and produced the album.
 This article describes the album. For other uses of the name see Monkey Island (disambiguation).Monkey Island is the ninth album by American rock band The J. Geils Band (credited simply as Geils) released in 1977 (see 1977 in music).The album did not perform well in the marketplace and would be the J. Geils Band's last original album for Atlantic Records after almost eight years with the label.
 Goes Classic is the twenty-eighth album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 1994. This is the sixth of seven early-1990s Klaus Schulze albums not to be reissued by Revisited Records. Goes Classic was released after Schulze's Silver Edition 10-disc CD box set technically making this album his thirty-eighth. The album consists of electronic renditions of six well-known classical pieces plus one original Schulze composition.
 En Pièces détachées is an album by the French singer Johnny Hallyday.
 Such Blinding Stars For Starving Eyes is the first full-length album from Omaha Nebraska band Cursive. Unlike Cursive's later releases which were released by Saddle Creek Records this album was released by Crank! Records.
 Darkthrone Holy Darkthrone is a tribute album to the Norwegian black metal band Darkthrone with contributions from other leading Norwegian black metal bands. This album was released in 1998 by Moonfog Productions.
 Free is the second album by English rock group Free recorded and released in 1969. The band had spent time touring after their debut album Tons of Sobs the previous year and there is a marked difference in the musicianship of the band as well as Paul Rodgers's voice. Whereas Tons of Sobs had been produced by Guy Stevens Free was produced by the head of Island Records Chris Blackwell.
 Villa Manifesto is the sixth studio album by Detroit hip hop group Slum Village. It was released on July 27 2010 via E1 Records.
 The Other Hand is a major label debut album by the international indie rock band très.b. It was released on September 21 2010 in Poland.
 Ataraxia/Taraxis is a 2012 EP by Pelican released through Southern Lord Records on 10 April 2012.
 Törst is the second album by the Swedish rock artist Ulf Lundell. It was released in June 1976 on Harvest and EMI Svenska . It was recorded in EMI Studio Stockholm and produced by Björn Boström. Törst has sold gold.
 Strength Through Pain is the first full length album by the American street punk band Monster Squad published by Charged Records in 2004.
 Ptah the El Daoud is the third solo album by Alice Coltrane.This was Coltrane's first album with horns (aside from one track on A Monastic Trio [1968] on which Pharoah Sanders played bass clarinet). Sanders is recorded on the right channel and Joe Henderson on the left channel throughout.All the compositions were written by Coltrane. The title track is named for the Egyptian god Ptah the El Daoud meaning the beloved.
 Rips the Covers Off some copies of which are titled Rips Off the Covers is an album by Phil Lewis's version of L.A. Guns their first with guitarist Stacey Blades.The studio portion of the album (songs 1-11) consists of cover songs with guitarist Stacey Blades though songs 12 and 13 are live versions of Revolution and Don't Look at Me That Way with guitarists Keri Kelli and Brent Muscat.A different line-up of L.A.
 This 1959 studio album was re-released in Japan in 1983.
 Murder Love is Canadian reggae musician Snow’s second album. While his preceding album (12 Inches of Snow) featured a wide array of musical genres fusing hip-hop pop and reggae Murder Love was recorded in Jamaica and primarily featured dancehall tracks. A number of songs featured dancehall legends Ninjaman Half Pint White Mice and Nadine Sutherland and Junior Reid produced and appeared on the track Si Wi Dem Nuh Know We.
 Response is the fifth studio album by Christian Alternative-Contemporary-Rock-Worship musician Phil Wickham. It was released on October 4 2011 by label Fair Trade Services his fourth album released under that label. The album was produced by Brown Bannister and Peter Kipley.
 Ena (Greek: Ένα; One) is the eighth studio album by the popular Greek artist Peggy Zina recorded at Diogenes Studio and released on November 8 2006 by Minos EMI. In August 2007 it was repackaged with Zina's single Mystiko and named Ena New Edition.
 Drunk Like Bible Times is the second and final studio album by Arizona-based indie rock band Dear and the Headlights. It was released on September 30 2008 through independent record label Equal Vision Records.In an interview about the album lead singer Ian Metzger said he was inspired by an Allen Ginsberg poem when he wrote the song Carl Solomon Blues.
 We Are the Ocean is the self-titled debut EP by post-hardcore band We Are the Ocean. The EP was self-released on August 4 2008 and the band made a full-length debut album released in 2010. The album was originally released through the band's official MySpace page; it was limited to 1000 available copies on its release and they sold out within one day. The tracks were produced by Jason Wilson at Stakeout Studios.
 Change of Season is the fourteenth studio album from Daryl Hall & John Oates released in 1990. The lead single So Close was co-written with Jon Bon Jovi and Danny Kortchmar and hit a high of #11 on the Billboard Hot 100. It was the second and final album for Arista.
 What It Takes is the third album by American rock band The Sleeping. It was released on February 17 2009 on Victory Records and debuted at #20 on the Top Heatseekers chart. Bomb The World is the first single from the album. A music video has been made for it.
 Walking in London is the fourth studio album from alternative rock band Concrete Blonde. It features the song ...Long Time Ago which played over the ending credits of The Shield's series finale.
 The Ripper at the Heaven's Gates of Dark is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & the Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released by Riot Season in October 2011. The album is available on CD or as a limited edition double-LP (500 copies) with artwork by Shigeno Sachiko.
 Loadestone is the tenth studio album by Spear Of Destiny. The album was the first release on Brandon's own record label Eastersnow. The album features a cover of Transmission originally by Joy Division one of Brandon's favourite bands.
 Cold Cheap & Disconnected is the sixth full-length album by Driller Killer. It was released on September 9 2002.
 Sol's Rusty Trombone is the seventh comedy album by prank call artist The Jerky Boys. The album was released in 2007 and is the second Jerky Boys album to be released by the independent Laugh.com record label. The album differs from previous Jerky Boys releases as it consists mainly of voicemail messages and ringtones with six prank calls mixed in.Sol's Rusty Trombone is also the first Jerky Boys album released without former Jerky Boys member Kamal Ahmed who left the act in 2000.
 Gerard is an album by the Colorado band Gerard fronted by singer/songwriter Gerard McMahon. The album was recorded at Caribou Ranch in Colorado and was released in 1976. It was produced by James William Guercio who also produced Chicago's early albums.
 Two Gallants is the third full-length album from the band Two Gallants released on September 25 2007. It follows up their EP The Scenery of Farewell which was released in June.
 Zipless is the second solo album by singer Vanessa Daou released in 1996.
 Fire Garden is the fourth studio album by guitarist Steve Vai released on September 17 1996 through Epic Records.
 I Am P.J. Proby is P.J. Proby's first studio album released on the Liberty label. It features tracks such as Doris Day's hit Que Sera Sera/Whatever Will Be Will Be and Rockin' Pneumonia and the Boogie Woogie Flu. Compared to his other albums I Am P.J. Proby is faster in beat and more influenced by rock and roll. In 2005 the album was released un-mastered in mono on EMI in a double pack with Proby's second studio album P.J. Proby.
 From Day 1 is the debut studio album by American hip hop group Travis Porter released on May 29 2012 on Porter House Music Group and RCA Records. Originally the album was to be released under Jive Records but after RCA Music Group shut it down along with Arista Records and J Records all prior signees (Travis Porter included) switched over to the RCA Records brand.Guest features include 2 Chainz Tyga Jeremih Mac Miller and Mike Posner with production by Diplo J.U.S.T.I.C.E.
 Larme de Crocodile (in English crocodile tears; Japanese name: クロコダイルの涙) is the first Kahimi Karie full-length released after a string of six EPs and the Momus-penned Japanese chart hit Good Morning World. It was released in 1997 by CRUE-L Records and was only available in the U.S. and Europe as a Japanese import.
 This Is A Pinback CD (sometimes referred to as simply Pinback) is the debut album by the indie rock band Pinback. There are at least two different versions of this CD. The first version was released by Ace Fu Records on October 12 1999. Another was released that same year in Europe by Cutty Shark Records. In the latter version two new tracks were added and the track ordering was also modified.
 The Pistol is the first EP by Swedish post-hardcore/emo/indie rock band Sounds Like Violence released on April 27 2004.
 Golden Boy (Full title Art Blakey & The Jazz Messengers play selections from the new musical Golden Boy) is an album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers performing compositions by Lee Adams and Charles Strouse written for the musical Golden Boy which was recorded in 1964 and originally released on the Colpix label.
 Letting Go is the second solo album of StarStruck first ultimate female survivor Jennylyn Mercado. It was released under GMA Records.
 Root was a multimedia project based around 25 one minute guitar pieces improvised by Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth. These samples were sent out to around 100 people - both visual artists as well as musicians - in Hoover bags to remix or create accompanying artwork for.
 Gently is the title of the ninth studio album by artist Liza Minnelli. It was released in May 1996. The album was nominated for one Grammy Awards for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album in 1997.
 Forget the Differences is a split EP by the hardcore bands Stretch Arm Strong and Prevail on Insurgent Sounds Records.
 456132015 is the EP by American dub-reggae band De Facto released on 1st March 2001 through Grand Royal in Europe only. It's often considered as the band's first official release as their debut De Facto was only available as a very limited pressing.The EP recorded by Robert Carranza and produced and mixed by Mario Caldato Jr. is notable for its clean production and more polished sound compared to other De Facto recordings mostly made at members' home studios.
 Wild Things Run Fast is Joni Mitchell's eleventh studio album and her first for Geffen Records. Released in 1982 it represents her departure from jazz to a more 80s pop sound.The resulting world tour took Mitchell through the U.S. Europe Asia and Australia. A video of the tour was released in 1983 entitled Refuge of the Roads. The recorded performances were not live but recorded in a studio once the tour had been completed with applause dubbed-in in post production.
 Happy Daze an album by The Battlefield Band was released in 2001 on the Temple Records label.
 Decade of Decadence is a greatest hits compilation album by Mötley Crüe released on October 1 1991 and charted at number 2 on The Billboard 200. It was the sixth album and the first of many greatest hits compilations released by the group. Though it was intended to be the band's first compilation album the content was unlike a standard compilation release.
 Look to You is the sixth live praise and worship album by Hillsong United. The CD comes with a free DVD which includes documentary footage interviews and 'behind the scenes'.
 What the Dickens! is a 1963 recording by Johnny Dankworth accompanied by his orchestra and guests some of the leading UK jazz musicians of the day. It is a suite based on characters and scenarios associated with Charles Dickens. It was recorded in London on July 29 and 31 August 7 October 4 1963 and released as a vinyl album.
 Takers and Leavers is an EP by Dr. Dog. It was released a year before their LP We All Belong which re-released Ain't It Strange and Die Die Die.The first 1000 copies had custom covers which featured various images and assortments of random art. The standard EP was produced later that month.
 Kunnes joet muuttaa suuntaa (in English: Until Rivers Change Direction) is the sixth studio album by Finnish pop rock singer-songwriter Maija Vilkkumaa released by Warner Music Finland and WEA in Finland on April 19 2010. Debuting at number-one upon release on the Finnish Albums Chart and spending there 27 weeks in three runs up to 2011 the album has sold 16000 copies to date which has granted it a gold certification in Finland.
 78 in the Shade is a Small Faces album released on the Atlantic label in 1978 and re-issued in 2005 on Wounded Bird. The album was created during the brief re-union of the band in the 1970s. The follow up to the reunion album Playmates 78 like its predecessor stiffed and the band broke up soon afterwards.
 Nyana is a double disc album by trance artist/producer DJ Tiësto released on May 6 2003. Disc one is labeled Outdoor while the second CD is labeled Indoor.According to the FAQ section on Tiësto's official website: On a visit in South Africa Tiësto was introduced to a cheetah named Nyana. In Swahili nyana means sunrise.
 Turning Stones is the title of the seventh album by the British singer-songwriter Judie Tzuke released in April 1989. It peaked at no.57 on the UK Album Chart and is to date Tzuke's last album to reach the UK Top 100.Turning Stones was Tzuke's only album to be released by Polydor Records. Disgreements between her and the label affected her subsequent 1989 concert tour which was cancelled at the last moment and she left the label soon afterwards.
 Total Eclipse is the third album from Hip Hop group Black Moon since 1999's War Zone. Released one year after the Boot Camp Clik's return the album received strong reviews and humble sales. The album features the singles Stay Real and This Goes Out to You as well as the bonus track Rush a single that was released in January 7 2003 and included on the Collect Dis Edition compilation.
 3 'N the Mornin' (Part Two) is a 1996 album by southern hip hop artist DJ Screw. It contains a collection of songs by Dirty South artists.
 Everyone Loves You is the debut full-length album by German electronic duo Naomi which was released on April 23 2002 on Mole Listening Pearls.
 Cherish the Light Years is the second studio album from the American band Cold Cave released in April 2011 on Matador Records. The album was recorded in 2010 in New York City at Electric Lady Studios Plantain Studios Stratosphere Sound and Soundtrack Studios.
 Radio Pet Fencing is the third record by rapper MC Lars the last record released with his former stage surname Horris and his first record to be released outside of the United States.All songs on the album were written by Lars except Escape from Robot Island co-written by Timothy Thompson.The album is out of print but can be found on iTunes with two bonus tracks (Geeked Out and Gary the Green Nosed Reindeer).
 Midnight Sun released in early 1991 is the follow-up to The Choirboys hit Big Bad Noise.It is still considered by critics and reviewers alike to be one of the best Australian albums of all time.
 Damn Right Rebel Proud is the fourth album released by Hank Williams III. It was released on October 21 2008. The album was released in two separate versions one being a censored release for major retailers the other is uncensored.
 Communication is the debut album by the Jazz Composer's Orchestra featuring compositions by Michael Mantler and Carla Bley performed by Paul Bley Steve Lacy Jimmy Lyons Roswell Rudd Archie Shepp John Tchicai Fred Pirtle Willie Ruff Ken McIntyre Robin Kenyatta Bob Carducci Kent Carter Steve Swallow Milford Graves and Barry Altschul. The album was released on the Fontana label in 1965.
 First Impressions is the first release by Thrice. It was released independently by the band and is now long out of print and considered extremely rare. The exact release date of this EP is unknown though it is believed to have been released in late 1998 or 1999.The fourth track T&C features a dialog from the popular anime Dragonball Z. The title of the track and the tracks melody is derived from the NES game T&C Surf Designs: Wood & Water Rage.
 Ill Manors (stylised as iLL Manors) is a soundtrack album by British musician and rapper Plan B released on 23 July 2012 as the soundtrack to the film of the same name. Several songs were used in the film Ill Manors although some of the recordings were completed after the release of the film. The record was mainly produced by Al Shux and Plan B and also features collaborations with Labrinth Kano Takura Tendayi and John Cooper Clarke.
 MTV Unplugged is a live album by Ricky Martin released on November 7 2006 in CD and DVD formats by Sony BMG Norte.
 Everything Ecstatic is the fourth album by Four Tet released on 23 May 2005. It reached #59 in the UK charts.The video for lead single Smile Around the Face features actor Mark Heap.
 Upon Promeathean Shores (Unscriptured Waters) is an EP and the first studio release by the British symphonic black metal band Hecate Enthroned. It was released by Blackend Records on 7 July 1995. This is essentially their An Ode for a Haunted Wood demo reworked and released as the first album under their record label.Stylistically this found the band in a more true black metal sound with squashed production growled vocals raging tempos blast beats and symphonic arrangements.
 Sickness of the Ages is the first full length album by the hardcore/thrash band I Hate Sally.
 Exai is the eleventh album by electronic music duo Autechre released on Warp Records. The album was released in digital form on 7 February 2013 with the double CD and quadruple vinyl versions released on 5 March. Like other Autechre albums Exai features album artwork by The Designers Republic.
 Solid as a Rock is the second studio album by American country music group The Shooters. It was released on April 11 1989 via Epic Records. The album includes the singles Borderline If I Ever Go Crazy and You Just Can't Lose 'Em All.
 Voz y Éxitos (Voice and Hits) is the first greatest hits album and the second in the United States of Colombian recording artist and actress Fanny Lú released on November 30 2012 by Universal Music Latino.
 Scarlett is the second release and first full-length album of indie rock group Spook the Horse released on February 18 2009.Spook the Horse was selected as one of a handful of local Seattle bands featured in the 2007 release Volume 5 of DVD music performance series Burn to Shine and features the song Another New Year also found on the Scarlett release
 Devotional Songs is a studio album by Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan and Party released in 1992.
 Temporary Temple is a live album by Psychic TV. The album was recorded on July 28 1984 in London and released on 12 vinyl. It was later coupled with another concert and released on CD as Temporary Temple & Atonal.
 Emanuel and the Fear is the first EP from Brooklyn-based Orchestral rock band Emanuel and the Fear and was released via Paper Garden Records in February 2009.
 The Wrong Car is an EP by Scottish indie rock band The Twilight Sad released on 27 September 2010. The EP features two previously unreleased tracks The Wrong Car and Throw Yourself Into the Water Again as well as two remixes of tracks from the band's second album Forget the Night Ahead: The Room remixed by Mogwai and Reflection of the Television remixed by Errors.
 VH1 Storytellers is a live album by David Bowie. It was released on 6 July 2009 and features a 23 August 1999 performance on Storytellers a VH1 program. The package contains an audio CD and a DVD of footage. The set list contains songs that spanned Bowie's career up until that point from the 1960s until his then-newest album 'Hours...' (1999).
 Risen is the debut album by South African gothic rock band The Awakening released in April 1997. The record contains the hit single The Sounds of Silence an adaptation of the song by Simon and Garfunkel. The cover achieved massive popularity throughout South Africa and remains one of the band's most renowned singles. Musically the album emphasizes traditional gothic rock style reminiscent of bands such as The Damned The Cult and The Sisters of Mercy.
 Sweet Child was a 1968 double album by the British folk-rock band Pentangle: Terry Cox Bert Jansch Jacqui McShee John Renbourn and Danny Thompson. One album was recorded at Pentangle's live concert in the Royal Festival Hall which took place on 29 June 1968: the other was recorded in the studio.
 1619 Broadway: The Brill Building Project is a 2012 album by Kurt Elling recorded as a tribute to the songwriters of the Brill Building in New York City.At the 55th Grammy Awards Elling was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Album for his performance on this album losing to Radio Music Society by Esperanza Spalding.
 Reclamation is the fourth studio album by American punk rock band Bigwig. It was released on Fearless Records in 2006.
 Baillie & the Boys is the eponymous debut album of American country music act Baillie & the Boys. Three singles charted on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart - Oh Heart at number 9 He's Letting Go at number 18 and Wilder Days at number 9. The album rose to the number 27 position in the Country Albums chart.
 King of Hearts is a posthumous album of Roy Orbison songs put together from master sessions and demos by Jeff Lynne for Virgin Records. The collection was originally released in 1992 on CD Musicassette and Long Playing record. A CD re-release appeared in 2007 with an additional Bonus Track of Life Fades Away.
 Mind Exploding is the fifth album by Lucifer's Friend. This album marks the point where they return to a more hard rock oriented style with less of a progressive rock sound. It is more or less the missing link between I'm Just a Rock & Roll Singer (1973) and Banquet (1974). With the hard rock driven sound of I'm Just a Rock 'n' Roll Singer but still has the occasional horn section and progressiveness of Banquet.
 Relativity Suite is a free-jazz LP by Don Cherry on Jazz Composer's Orchestra Records JCOA LP 1006 which was released in 1973.
 9 is the seventh and most recent album by Danish heavy metal band Mercyful Fate. 9 was recorded during February and March 1999 and was released on June 15 1999 on Metal Blade Records. This album continues the heavier sound that was introduced in their previous album Dead Again and also marks the return of the Satanic and Occult-based lyrical themes which were prevalent during the band's first incarnation.
 L'Album du peuple – Tome 3 is the third comedy album from François Pérusse.
 Speaking for Trees: A Film by Mark Borthwick is a DVD/CD package by the American singer/songwriter Cat Power (a.k.a. Chan Marshall) released on October 26 2004. The DVD contains footage of Cat Power singing and playing electric guitar in a forest at West Kill Mountain upstate New York filmed by British photographer Mark Borthwick in essentially a single nearly two-hour static shot.
 The Green Fields of Foreverland is the first album released by Isobel Campbell's solo project The Gentle Waves. The album was released on 5 April 1999.
 Best of Take 6 in released 1995 on Warner Bros. Records is a Gospel music album by American contemporary Gospel music group Take 6.
 Now That's What I Call Music! or NOW was released on July 20 1995. Modeled after the highly successful Now That's What I Call Music! series in the United Kingdom which compiles a number of songs that are popular around the time of its release this album is the first edition of the Now! series in the South Asia.
 To Be Frank is the sixth studio album by Nik Kershaw released in 2001.
 Evangelion is the ninth full-length album by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth. The album was released on August 7 2009 through Nuclear Blast Records and on August 11 2009 through Metal Blade Records in the USA.The album title refers to the Good News in Christianity; the message of Jesus Christ.The album's cover artwork is a depiction of The Great Harlot of Babylon the figuress of evil mentioned in the Book of Revelation in the Bible.
 Falling From Zero is the second studio album from Los Angeles rock band Heaven Below. The album was released on March 20 2012 via Broken Halo Media.
 No Singles is a compilation album by Canadian rock duo Japandroids.
 E.T. I Love You and Other Extra-Terrestrial Songs for Children is an album by the group the Starlight Children's Chorus released in 1983 under Kid Stuff Records. It featured a song E.T. I Love You by Buckner & Garcia which was originally written to accompany the major motion picture E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial.
 Lisbon is the sixth studio album by New York-based group The Walkmen released on September 14 2010 in the US. John Congleton produced and engineered the album. The band recorded nearly thirty tracks before settling on the eleven tracks that comprise the album. The album is a tribute to the city of Lisbon in Portugal. Exclaim! named Lisbon as the No. 13 Pop & Rock Album of 2010. Pitchfork named it the No. 21 in their Top 50 Albums of 2010.
 Too Dead For Me EP is an EP by Atari Teenage Riot released in 1999 on CD and as a 12 vinyl record. Revolution Action (Live In San Francisco)/[Noise#3] and No Remorse [Live In New York 1999]/[Noise #1] were both re-released on Redefine the Enemy - Rarities and B-Side Compilation 1992-1999 in their entirety but the titles were truncated removing the words [Noise #3] and [Noise #1].
 Ether Song is the second album by British rock band Turin Brakes. Following the band's 2001 debut album The Optimist LP the album was a bit of a departure relying on more electric instruments. Despite the change in sound the album was received well by critics and reached #4 on the United Kingdom album charts.
 Welcome to America is the sixth album by rapper Schoolly D. The album was released in 1994 and was his first and only album for Ruffhouse Records. Though the album gained some positive reviews the album did not sell well or make it on any album charts. Two singles were released for the album “Welcome to America” and “Another Sign”.The beat on Wanna Get Dusted is a slower version of PSK What Does It Mean?.
 The Immortal Otis Redding is a posthumous studio album by American soul recording artist Otis Redding released in June 1968 by Atco Records. It compiles 11 songs recorded by Redding in a three-week stretch of sessions that concluded days prior to his death in December 1967.
 Singing Bones is the sixth studio album released by alternative country band The Handsome Family. It was released 2003 by Carrot Top Records (North America) / Loose Music (Europe).The track Far From Any Road has been used as the theme song for HBO's 2014 crime drama True Detective and as opening song for Guns n' Roses' 2014 world tour.
 Down on the Farm is the seventh studio album by the American rock band Little Feat released in 1979. It was also their last original work for nine years. The band announced their break-up in June 1979 during the making of the album and a fortnight later the band's founder and guiding light Lowell George died from a heart attack brought on by years of overindulgence.
 Epicloud is the fifteenth studio album by Canadian musician Devin Townsend and the fifth album in the Devin Townsend Project series. The album was released on September 18 2012 in North America and September 24 2012 in Europe through his independent record label HevyDevy Records and InsideOut Music.
 Visage is the name of a compilation EP by the British band Visage released in July 1981 by Polydor Records.
 El Dúo de la Historia Vol. 1 (English: The Duo of History Volume 1) is a compilation album by Wisin & Yandel.
 Kopfschuss (eng. Headshot) is the second full-length album by German industrial metal band Megaherz.The first track Liebestöter brought the album most of its popularity abroad.
 Latin is the third album from improvisational electronic band Holy Fuck. It was placed on the Long List for the 2010 Polaris Music Prize. In the United States the album reached #14 on the Billboard Dance charts and #40 on the Heatseekers chart.
 Dead is the debut studio album by Scottish hip hop trio Young Fathers. It was released on Anticon and Big Dada on February 4 2014.
 The Lost Opera is an album by the Korean soprano Kimera and the Operaiders with the London Symphony Orchestra. Consisting of snatches of popular operatic arias and choruses against a disco beat in the style of Hooked on Classics it was released in 1984 by the record label Red Bus. Whilst not a major UK success it spent some sixteen weeks in the French charts.
 New Favorite is the ninth album by bluegrass music group Alison Krauss & Union Station released August 14 2001. The album peaked in the top 50 of the Billboard 200 and within the top 5 of the Billboard charts for both Country and Bluegrass and was certified gold. This album was released in the same year as the O Brother Where Art Thou? soundtrack which Krauss appeared on that had a large effect on bluegrass in the United States.
 The Dealer is a 1966 release by jazz drummer/bandleader Chico Hamilton. It was first released by Impulse! Records (AS-9130) and has been subsequently reissused on CD with the addition of bonus tracks from Chic Chic Chico Definitive Jazz Scene Vol. 3 and Passin' Thru.
 End of Daze is the fourth EP by Dum Dum Girls released September 25 2012. This was the third Dum Dum Girls release in a row produced by Richard Gottehrer and The Raveonettes' Sune Rose Wagner and the fourth overall for Gottehrer.
 Free is the title of Kate Ryan's fourth studio album. It was released on May 30 2008 by ARS/Universal. It includes the singles Voyage Voyage L.I.L.Y. Ella elle l'a I Surrender and Your Eyes. The album performed moderately well on the charts and was certified Gold in Poland for shipments of 18000 copies.
 The Electrifying Eddie Harris is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1967 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Blow Your Cool! is Australian rock group Hoodoo Gurus' third album released in May 1987 and contains their hit single What's My Scene?. The single reached #3 on the Australian Music Charts.
 The Flame in All Of Us is the fourth studio album by Christian rock band Thousand Foot Krutch; the album was released on September 18 2007 through Tooth & Nail Records. It entered the charts at No. 58 on the Billboard 200. The band recorded the album with producer Ken Andrews (Pete Yorn Mae) in Los Angeles in spring 2007.
 A Moment is the second album of R&B singer Lalah Hathaway. The album's first single was Let Me Love You produced by Brian Alexander Morgan of SWV fame. A video was also shot for the single. The follow-up single was Separate Ways released as a double-A side single with Family Affair. The Martyn Ware-produced Family Affair was actually released in 1991 and billed as BEF featuring Lalah Hathaway.CD format of the album is now out-of-print but available as digital download.
 Fate is the first album by Danish heavy metal band Fate released in 1985. The album was digitally remastered and re-released in 2000 with 3 bonus tracks.
 New Constellation is the sixth studio album by American rock band Toad the Wet Sprocket released October 15 2013 on Abe's Records. It is available on CD vinyl and as a digital download. Financed with more than $250000 from approximately 6300 contributors on the crowdfunding website Kickstarter it is the first full-length studio release since the band's 1997 album Coil.
 Manfred Mann's Cock-A-Hoop is an EP by Manfred Mann released in 1964. The EP is a 7-inch vinyl record and released in mono with the catalogue number His Master's Voice-EMI 7EG 8848.
 Drudenhaus is the second studio album by the French Symphonic black metal band Anorexia Nervosa. The album received very positive reviews from critics and it meant a European breakthrough for the band.
 Alkaline Trio / Hot Water Music is a split EP by the Chicago-based punk rock band Alkaline Trio and the Gainesville Florida-based punk rock band Hot Water Music released January 22 2002 through Jade Tree.
 Purple World is the second album by southern rapper Big Moe.
 Live at Bearsville Theater is a live album and DVD release from Dar Williams. It is her second live album after 2001's Out There Live.
 Prinzhorn Dance School is the self-titled debut album of the band of the same name. It was released on 13 August 2007 in the UK and 28 August in North America.The album was recorded in a National Trust cottage in Devon and a barn in Sussex before being mixed in New York City with the DFA.
 Wrong Side of A Love Song is a song by Canadian R&B and soul singer–songwriter Melanie Fiona from her second studio album The MF Life. Produced by Jack Splash and written by Jack Splash M. Hallim G. Soule and Melanie Fiona. It was released March 20 2012 on SRC Records and Universal Republic Records.Wrong Side of A Love Song was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2013.
 East L.A. Breeze is the fifth studio album of the indie group Brazzaville. For the first time this CD was released by a Soyuz Records sub-label Zakat in 2006. Until released by some Western record label the album's been available only in CIS.All songs are written by David Arthur Brown except Star Called Sun which features music by Victor Tsoy (Виктор Цой) the leader of the Russian rock group Kino (Кино).
 Atomic Kitten is the American debut album by Atomic Kitten. The girl group had previously been successful in the Europe Oceania and Asia and already released Right Now and Feels So Good which both went to number one in the UK Albums Chart however there had not been any release in the United States. It was therefore decided to make an album consisting of tracks of both previous albums.Unlike Europe Oceania and Asia the success of Atomic Kitten in the United States was limited.
 Live at Britten Sinfonia is a live album by Norwegian Jaga Jazzist and English orchestra Britten Sinfonia. It was released in May 2013 under Ninja Tune.
 Billy Joel's Greatest Hits is a collection released in two sets 12 years apart. The first set consisting of two discs titled Volume I and Volume II was released in 1985. The second single disc titled Volume III was released in 1997. All songs but the last three on Volume III To Make You Feel My Love Hey Girl and Light as the Breeze were written by Joel. You're Only Human (Second Wind) and The Night Is Still Young are only available on the first set.
 Some Enchanted Evening is the tenth and most recent album by Art Garfunkel released in 2007. It is Garfunkel's interpretation of many standards of the Great American Songbook. It was produced by long-time friend and producer Richard Perry.
 A Closer Look is a remix album and the third album overall by American R&B musician Babyface. The album was released on November 19 1991. It has the distinction of being the last album to be released for Dick Griffey's SOLAR (Sound of Los Angeles Records) as a joint venture with Epic Records.
 Amnesiac is the fifth studio album by the English rock band Radiohead. It was produced by Nigel Godrich and released on 5 June 2001 through Parlophone. Recorded in the same sessions as previous album Kid A (2000) Amnesiac incorporates similar influences of electronic music classical music jazz and krautrock and explores lyrical themes of memory and reincarnation influenced by ancient Greek and Egyptian mythology.
 Better Ways to Self Destruct is the 2001 EP by easyworld an Eastbourne-based indie rock band. This was the band's second release after their Hundredweight single and this EP contained that earlier single a new version of b-side You Make Me Want To Drink Bleach and 5 new songs all recorded in lead singer Dav Ford's bedroom in his parents' house.
 Glory Revealed II: The Word of God In Worship (released in 2009) is a compilation album by popular CCM musicians. In 2010 it garnered the Dove Award for Special Event Album of the Year at the 41st GMA Dove Awards.
 All for One is the third full-length album by the British heavy metal band Raven released in 1983. This would be their last album outside of a major label also being said by fans to be their last golden age album containing some of their finest work.
 Palo Santo is Shearwater's fourth full-length album released on May 9 2006 on Misra Records. The album was re-released in an expanded partly re-recorded fully remastered and repackaged edition on April 10 2007 on the label Matador Records.
 Lügenmarsch (German for Lie march) is a picture LP of the German Hard rock band Böhse Onkelz. It was released in 1989. Lügenmarsch contains 7 tracks 5 of them are also on the album Kneipenterroristen.
 Down South Flava is a 2001 album released by Gangsta Blac.
 Twelve Nights In Hollywood is a 2009 live album by the American jazz vocalist Ella Fitzgerald recorded at the Crescendo Club in Hollywood Los Angeles over ten nights in May 1961 and a subsequent pair of performances in June 1962.In 1961 Fitzgerald released an album of her live performances at the Crescendo Ella in Hollywood this album repeats none of those tracks or the subsequent two singles that resulted from her 1962 stay Ol' Man Mose and Bill Bailey.
 Rāg Lalit is a studio album by Indian classical musician Ram Narayan released in 1989. Recorded December 3 1987 in Wyastone Leys near Monmouth Wales the album features a performance of the serene dawn raga Lalit on sarangi. Narayan performs a long non-metrical introduction to unfold the raga during which he adds a pulse until he is joined by tabla to perform a composition.
 The BQE is a mixed-medium artistic exploration of the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway by Sufjan Stevens. The project originally manifested in the form of a live show performed on November 1–3 2007. The show consisted of an original film directed and written by Stevens accompanied by an orchestra performing a live soundtrack. A multimedia package of The BQE was released on October 20 2009.
 Police and Thieves is an album by Junior Murvin and backing band The Upsetters released in 1977. Along with The Congos' Heart of the Congos and Max Romeo's War Ina Babylon this album is considered part of a Black Ark Lee 'Scratch' Perry-produced holy trinity.
 Mean is the fifth album by the band Montrose. It has much more of a glam metal sound than previous Montrose albums.According to Ronnie Montrose singer Johnny Edwards and drummer James Kottak were still officially in the band Buster Brown at the time of the recording of Mean.
 The Prelude to A Tell Tale Heart is the first full-length studio mix-tape released by Dawn Richard.Before the full studio album release Richard has released a few songs one of them being Me Myself & Y which was released as a promotional single on globalgrind.com. Others are These Tears a heavy ballad with amazing vocals from Richard and Let Love In another rock ballad with heavy vocal harmonies.
 Popularity is Jonezetta's debut album released by Tooth & Nail Records on October 3 2006.
 Julefrid med Carola is a Christmas EP from Swedish pop singer Carola Häggkvist. It was released on December 6 1983.
 The Original Sun Sound is the eighteenth overall studio album by singer Johnny Cash and was released by Sun Records in 1964.
 Emerson Lake & Palmer is the debut album of British progressive rock band Emerson Lake & Palmer released in 1970. The album was intended not as an effort by a unified band but as a general collaborative recording session and as such some of the tracks are essentially solo pieces.The album peaked at No. 18 on the Billboard 200. Lucky Man reached No. 48 on the Billboard Hot 100. On the UK charts the album peaked at #4.
 Unplug It In is an acoustic EP by Eddie Money released in 1992.
 Parade is the third full-length album by the Japanese rock group Plastic Tree released on August 23 2000.
 Murder Ballads is the ninth studio album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds released in 1996 on Mute Records. As its title suggests the album consists of new and traditional murder ballads a genre of songs that relays the details (and often consequences) of crimes of passion.Where the Wild Roses Grow a duet featuring Cave singing with Kylie Minogue was a hit single and received two ARIA Awards in 1996.
 Extinct Instinct is the third studio album by British progressive metal band Threshold released in 1997. It is the first album to feature drummer Mark Heaney and the second to feature vocalist Damian Wilson his first album with the band being their 1993 debut Wounded Land.
 Room to Breathe is the fourth and last studio album released by ZOEgirl.
 Miniatures is an album by Peter Frohmader working under the moniker Nekropolis released in 1989 through Nekropolis.
 Hrana za golubove (English: Food for Doves) was the last studio album by Film led by singer Jura Stublić. It was released in 1992 during the Croatian War of Independence. The album contained many patriotic and anti-war themes as well as the usual pop fare. All songs were written by Jura Stublić and Nikša Bratoš. The album's first track Radio ljubav spoke about love in the media in what was then a state of war in Croatia.
 Something Personal is an album by American jazz pianist Jack Wilson featuring performances recorded and released on the Blue Note label in 1966.
 This Crazy Life is the debut studio album by American singer Joanna Pacitti more commonly known as Joanna. The singles from this album are Let It Slide and Screaming Infidelities. One of Pacitti's songs Ultraviolet was featured on the Girl Next compilation album. It was also covered by the Stiff Dylans for the movie soundtrack of Angus Thongs and Perfect Snogging.
 Animetal Marathon IV (アニメタル・マラソンⅣ Animetaru Marason Fō) is the fourth full album by Animetal. This album focuses on the theme songs of anime from the 1980s. It also marked the return of Animetal after a two-year hiatus. However it was also the last to feature lead guitarist She-Ja who was then replaced by Syu on the band's subsequent releases.This was the band's only album released by Cutting Edge Records a division of The Avex Group.
 Imago (Имаго) is the third full-length album by the Russian Power Metal band Catharsis. It was released in 2003 by Irond. It is a Russian language twin to the 2002 English language album Imago.
 El Espanto Surge de la Tumba is the band's third album Dorso. In this album the band wanted to try a more brutal and extreme sound.
 Open the Door is the third and most recent studio album by Roger Hodgson. It was his first studio release since 1987. It was released by Epic Records. The album was recorded mostly in France and features mostly French musicians as his backup band. This is Hodgson's only solo album to be partially recorded outside The United States.Once again collaborating with Hodgson former Yes guitarist and vocalist Trevor Rabin contributed background vocals on The More I Look.
 Film Music (1985) is an album originally released on vinyl by the American trumpeter and synthesizer player Mark Isham.It consists of extended tracks from the soundtracks of three films. The first track is from the soundtrack of the film Mrs. Soffel (1984). The second track is from the documentary The Times of Harvey Milk. This film won the 1984 Academy award for best documentary.
 Sound Effects is a 2001 compilation album by indie pop Elephant Six group The Apples in Stereo. The album was originally released in the United Kingdom and Japan as an introduction to the band that spans music from 1992 to 2000. It features remastered songs from other albums as well as exclusive radio mixes and acoustic outtakes.
 Award Supernova: Loves Best is the second greatest hits album from M-Flo. Featured artists include Crystal Kay BoA Namie Amuro and Emyli.
 Early Orbison is an album recorded by Roy Orbison on the Monument Records label at their studios in Hendersonville Tennessee and released in 1964. Essentially a compilation of songs from his first two Monument albums it is most noteworthy for containing Pretty One the B side of Orbison's second Monument single Uptown. Many Orbison fans believe Pretty One would have been his first major hit had it been promoted as an A side.
 Romance on Film Romance on Broadway is a 2000 album by American vocalist Michael Feinstein arranged by Alan Broadbent and John Oddo. It was Feinstein's third album for the Concord label.
 Classic Hits Live is Foreigner's first live album. It was released in 1993 and contains live versions of many of their well-known songs all of which were taken from various concerts between 1978 and 1988.
 The Collection is the only compilation album released by the late 1990s teen pop boy band 98 Degrees. It was released on May 7 2002. The greatest hits album includes some songs from their old albums and the smash Mariah Carey hit Thank God I Found You on which 98 Degrees collaborated with Joe alongside Carey.
 The Art of Losing is the second studio album by the American alternative rock band American Hi-Fi. Recorded Sunset Sound Studio 2 Hollywood California it was released in February 2003 by Island Records. The album featured the singles The Art of Losing and The Breakup Song neither of which charted. The album itself peaked at #80 on the Billboard 200.
 For other uses of Steadfast see Steadfast (disambiguation).Steadfast is the fifth studio album by the United Kingdom band Forefather. The album's artwork is done by Martin Hanford. It was released in February 2008.
 1: Man 2: Band is a live double album by the Norwegian singer multi-instrumentalist composer and performer Jarle Bernhoft recorded in 2009 and released in 2010.
 Broken Safety is the debut album by American rapper 40 Cal from Harlem New York. It was released in 2006 and includes collaborations with Akon J. R. Writer Jay Bezel and others. A video for Runnin' This Rap Shit has been released. It sold approximately 50000 copies in the U.S.[citation needed]
 Live at the Brixton Academy is a recording of The Brian May Band's first show in London on June 15 1993. The album was released on CD LP and VHS in 1994 and remains the group's only release as a collective.The album is an almost complete and unedited version of the concert. Their performance of John Lennon's God (The Dream Is Over) was not included on the album due to copyright issues.
 Ridin' with Panama Red is an album by the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage. It contains previously released songs selected from the New Riders' first six albums which were recorded between 1971 and 1974.
 Christopher Cross is the self-titled debut album by Christopher Cross released in December 1979 (see 1979 in music). Recorded in mid-1979 the album was one of the early digitally recorded albums utilizing the 3M Digital Recording System. In 1981 it won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year. It has been noted for being one of the most influential soft rock albums of the early 1980s and famously beat Pink Floyd's The Wall for that year's Grammy.
 Dream Babies Go Hollywood is a Studio Album released in 1980 by folk musician John Stewart former member of the Kingston Trio. This album was Stewart's follow up to Bombs Away Dream Babies his first and only major commercial success.
 Home is Procol Harum's fourth album released in 1970. With the departure of organist Matthew Fisher and bassist David Knights and the addition of the remaining musicians' (Gary Brooker B.J. Wilson and Robin Trower) former bandmate bassist/organist Chris Copping from The Paramounts Procol Harum was for all intents and purposes The Paramounts again in all but name.
 Repeat Performance were a series of budget compilation albums issued by Charisma Records in 1980. The first of the series was a Various Artists compilation subsequent albums showcased an artist on the label. BG4 claimed to be a compilation of Genesis [1] was unissued.
 WWW (Who When Why) is the first studio album recorded by South Korean singer Kim Jaejoong. The album was released on 29 October 2013 by C-JeS Entertainment. Upon release the title song Just Another Girl charted in 34 countries on iTunes topping it in twelve countries.
 11oz. is an EP by the Huntington Beach California punk rock band Guttermouth released in 1993 by Hopeless Records. It was the first release put out by the label and is currently out of print. The song Just a Fucking Lounge Version is a lounge-singer-esque recreation of their song Just A Fuck from the band's debut 7 Puke while Sid Vicious Was Innocent is a song originally performed by the Exploited with altered lyrics written by Guttermouth.
 Diotima is the third album by New York-based experimental black metal band Krallice. The track The Clearing was premiered via Stereogum on January 18 2011 as well as the full tracklist. A double vinyl release was also announced by Gilead Media via their Facebook page released in the summer of 2011 with a slightly different running order.
 Diamond Princess is the second studio album by American rapper Trina. It was released on August 27 2002 through the label Atlantic/Slip-N-Slide.The album debuted at number fourteen on the US Billboard 200 and number five on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 We Walked in Song is the seventh studio album from The Innocence Mission.The standard eleven-track album was released in North America on March 13 2007 via Badman Recording Co. with a vinyl edition containing the bonus track Shooting Star (Sketch) following a week later on March 20. All international versions of the album include the bonus track as standard.A European release containing three bonus tracks was commissioned later that year via the French-based Fargo record label.
 Soy Ante Todo Mujer (Spanish: First of All I'm a Woman) is the tenth Studio album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge. It was released in 1977. The albums was re-released in the 90's by Musical Productions in CD format with a different artwork and it is currently available as digital download at iTunes.
 Misguided is Argyle Park's first and only album under that name. The album was released on March 21 1995 by R.E.X. Records into the Christian rock market and sits alongside other early 90s work by Circle of Dust and Mortal as being instrumental in introducing industrial music to the Christian music scene.
 Relaxation of the Asshole is the name of a live comedy album by Robert Pollard. All of its tracks are outtakes from his onstage banter at various concerts. It was given a rating of (1)0.0 in a review by Pitchfork Media giving it a dual rating of 0.0 and 10.0.
 On Blue Fog is an album released by singer-songwriter Andre Ethier. The album was recorded in Toronto and released in 2007.
 Good Ol' Fashioned Love is the debut studio album by the five-piece British-Irish doo-wop boy band The Overtones. The album was released on 1 November 2010 in the UK by Rhino Entertainment and re-released on 8 March 2011. The album peaked at number 4 on the UK Albums Chart and number 14 on the Irish Albums Chart. The album was released in Germany and Austria on 23 March 2012 named Gambling Man.
 Best Of is a compilation album from alternative rock band Voice of the Beehive. Released in the UK only it was the second Voice of the Beehive hits collection (the first being 1991's A Portrait). This compilation featured singles and tracks from the band's first two albums Let It Bee and Honey Lingers.
 Trixter is the self-titled debut album of the band Trixter. It attained gold status reaching #28 on the Billboard 200 chart. The album did spawn three minor hit singles Give It to Me Good (#65) Surrender (#72) and One in a Million (#75).
 Stuntman is the fifth album by 't Hof van Commerce.
 Keisuke Kuwata is the eponymous studio album recorded by Keisuke Kuwata a frontman of the Japanese rock band Southern All Stars. It was released by Taishita label under the Victor Entertainment in July 1988 shortly after the 10th anniversary of the band. Aside from the 1982 live recording album Kamon Yuzo and Victor Wheels Live released under the pseudonym Yūzō Kamon it was first Kuwata's solo effort.
 Time Circle 1968–1972 was a compilation album by Spirit issued in 1991.This set draws heavily from the four albums released by the original line-up on Ode/Epic. It also includes some outtakes and versions of songs from then unreleased soundtrack work. At the time that this set was released Twelve Dreams of Dr. Sardonicus was the only studio album by the original group still in print.Several of the outtakes were later included on the 1996 reissues of the first four albums.
 Music Speaks Louder Than Words is a CD released by Epic Records in 1990. All of the music was co-written by American and Soviet musicians and songwriters including American artists Cyndi Lauper Michael Bolton Barry Mann Sue Shifrin-Cassidy and Todd Cerney.
 Réalistes is the fourth album by British indie pop band Comet Gain.
 The Mirrors of My Soul is an album by the Palestinian artist Rim Banna released in 2005. Rim Banna who gained global recognition as part of the Lullabies from the Axis of Evil project returns with a Norwegian band with a decidedly folk-pop recording of Palestinian songs. Produced in cooperation with a Norwegean quintet it features Western pop styling fused with Middle Eastern modal and vocal structures and Arabic lyrics.
 Free is singer-songwriter Gavin DeGraw's third album. The album was released on March 31 2009. It was his final album for J Records.To keep himself from overthinking the songs DeGraw made Free in less than two weeks at the Brooklyn studio of his producer Camus Celli who has worked with such artists as Tina Turner David Byrne Lana Wolf and Arto Lindsay. DeGraw and Celli have known each other since working together on an early version of DeGraw’s 2003 major-label debut Chariot.
 Still Screaming is an album by Scream released in 1983 through Dischord Records.
 We Are Motörhead is the fifteenth album by the band Motörhead. It was released in 2000 and features a cover of the punk band The Sex Pistols' song God Save the Queen for which the band recorded a promo video atop an open-top London bus.
 Orphan is an album by alternative metal band Darwin's Waiting Room released on July 24 2001.
 Demi Monde Bizarros subtitled Songs about sex satan and sado-masochism is the fourth and last album by the Swedish metal band Notre Dame released with two different covers.
 Gasoline Alley was the second solo album by Rod Stewart. It was released in 1970. It is included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die. Originally released in the UK on the Vertigo label it was re-mastered and re-issued in 2008 by a Russian reissue label Lilith Records Ltd. It is a collection of covers combined with Stewart's own compositions. Like many Stewart solo albums from the period it featured significant musical contributions from the other members of his band Faces.
 Parastrophics is an album by German electronica group Mouse on Mars. It will be the duo's tenth studio album and was released on 28 February 2012. It was also is their first album to be produced under Modeselektor's label - Monkeytown. Details regarding the albums tracklist were revealed in December 2011 along with the announcement that a preview of the album would be played in concert at the Berghain Panorama in Berlin on 30 January 2012.
 Sit Resist is the second album by Laura Stevenson & The Cans. The album was released by Don Giovanni Records in 2011.
 Slight Delay is the second album from Australian singer/songwriter Loene Carmen. It was released in 2004 on Chiquita Records through Reverberation in Australia. It was recorded in Carmen's home studio Loose Connections in Darlinghurst NSW and features musicians from Australian bands Mess Hall and the Dirty Three.
 Peculiaroso is an album by American guitarist Leo Kottke released in 1994.
 I Am the Fun Blame Monster! is the debut album of the band Menomena. It was self-released on May 20 2003 and made available exclusively through online retailer CD Baby. The CD was re-released by FILMguerrero in 2004 and then again by Barsuk/FILMguerrero in 2007. A white vinyl LP was released by FILMguerrero in 2005 that featured an origami design by band member Brent Knopf and hand screen printing/assembly by band member Danny Seim.
 Circles is the second collaborative album by Porcupine Tree drummer Gavin Harrison and multi-instrumentalist vocalist and extended-range bass player 05Ric. It was released on the Burning Shed record label in 2009.
 Christmas Is Almost Here Again is singer-songwriter Carly Simon's 27th album and second Christmas album released in October of 2003. It is essentially a re-release of her 2002 Christmas album Christmas Is Almost Here with two additional tracks.
 Across the Dark is the fourth full-length studio album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Insomnium. It was released on September 7th 2009 on Candlelight Records. The album features Jules Näveri from Profane Omen and Enemy of the Sun as guest vocalist and Aleksi Munter from Swallow the Sun as guest keyboardist.The album was chosen as Album of the month September 2009 by German online magazine Metal 1.
 The Goddess – Music for the Ancient of Days is an album composed by John Zorn and released on the Tzadik label. It is the third in a series of albums the first two being Alhambra Love Songs and In Search of the Miraculous.
 MTV The Return of the Rock is a compilation album by MTV released in 2000.
 Girl Talk is an album by American jazz organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1967 for the Impulse! label.
 This article describes the 36th album in the New Zealand Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 36 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music 36 or Now 36 was released on 11 July 2011. The album is the 36th edition of the (New Zealand) Now! series.
 Absolutely was the second rock music album recorded by the band Boxer released during 1977 on the Epic record label.
 Savage Garden is the eponymous debut album released by Australian pop duo Savage Garden. It was released on 4 March 1997 in Australia. The album sold more than 18 million copies worldwide. According to rock music historian Ian McFarlane the album revealed the influence of 1980s UK pop on Hayes and Jones' songwriting. Tears for Fears melodies blended seamlessly with Eurythmics-like arrangements while Cure-styled guitar provided the icing on the cake.
 Another Workout is an album by jazz tenor saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on December 5 1961 and first released on the Blue Note label in 1985. It follows Mobley's critically acclaimed 1961 album Workout and features performances by Mobley Wynton Kelly Paul Chambers and Philly Joe Jones.
 The Rise and Fall of Charlie Parker is a Jazz compilation featuring the works of Charlie Parker. It features 40 tracks on two compact discs many of which feature other influential bebop artists such as Dizzy Gillespie and Miles Davis.
 Fires in Distant Buildings is an album by the British band Gravenhurst.
 The King of the Gospel Singers is the sixth studio album from Little Richard discounting compilations. A gospel album from sessions he recorded for the Mercury Records label it is generally regarded as being a better recording than his two albums with the Goldner label.
 Falling Home is the fifth solo album from the singer/songwriter Jude Cole. Released in 2000 thirteen years after his self-titled debut solo album. This album was not released through a record label and is the first album released by Jude Cole independently.
 Manorisms is a 1977 album by Wet Willie and was released on the Epic Records label. The building on the cover is The Manor Studio in Shipton-on-Cherwell where much of the album was recorded.
 Legend is a compilation album by Bob Marley and the Wailers released in 1984 by Island Records catalogue BMW 1 in the United Kingdom and A1 90169 in the United States. It is a greatest hits collection of singles in its original vinyl format and the best-selling reggae album of all-time with over 14 million copies sold in the United States and approximately 25 million copies sold globally.
 Hafla is a live album by Khaled composed of highlights from his Kenza Tour 97 in Confolens France and Leuven Belgium except for the track Chebba which was recorded in Bordeaux. The title is an Arabic for party.Some of this album's tracks were included as bonus tracks in Wrasse Records rereleases of Khaled's albums.
 Mending Wall is the first full length album by Toronto-based band Chalk Circle. Named after a Robert Frost poem it was released in 1987 by Duke Street Records.Many of the album's songs dealt with issues that were big news makers of the day. This Mourning dealt with nuclear annihilation while N.I.M.B.Y (Not In My Back Yard) dealt with environmental issues.A quick reissue of the album featured as an additional track a cover of T-Rex's 20th Century Boy. This was also released as a single.
 Road Trips Volume 3 Number 2 is two-CD live album by the American rock band the Grateful Dead. The tenth in their Road Trips series of albums it was released on February 24 2010. It contains the complete concert recorded on November 15 1971 at Austin Memorial Auditorium in Austin Texas. This concert was the 16th concert after Keith Godchaux joined the Grateful Dead on piano.
 Modern Pain is the debut album by Canadian country singer Corb Lund. Originally released in 1995 the album was re-released in 2003 after Lund's commercial breakthrough with the album Five Dollar Bill in 2002.
 Peace Orchestra: Reset is a remix album of Peace Orchestra featuring remixes by artists such as Gotan Project and Trüby Trio released by Studio !K7 in 2002.
 Power of Soul is an album by Idris Muhammad.
 Taking Over is the second studio album by thrash metal band Overkill released in 1987 through Atlantic and Megaforce Records. It reached #191 on that year's Billboard 200 chart.This is the last Overkill album to feature drummer Rat Skates who left the band later in 1987 and was replaced by Sid Falck. It was also the first to be released through Atlantic who would release all of the band's albums up to W.F.O. (1994).
 Live on St. Patrick's Day from Boston MA is a live album from Boston punk band Dropkick Murphys. It was recorded over three shows at the Avalon Ballroom in as the name implies Boston Massachusetts and was released on September 10 2002.
 Absolute Classic Masterpieces is the third compilation album by English alternative rock band Felt released in 1992. It collects tracks from the band's singles and albums recorded for Cherry Red between 1981 and 1985 with two exceptions: Dance of Deliverance from guitarist Maurice Deebank's album Inner Thought Zone; and Index a single recorded and released by leader Lawrence before the band formed properly.
 Flashmob is the second studio album by French Electronic music artist Vitalic. The album was released on 25 September 2009 through PIAS Recordings.
 Explorer Semester Two was released in 2004 by Music Makers.
 Subterranean Jungle is the seventh studio album by the American punk rock band the Ramones released by Sire Records in February 1983. The album appealed to a hardcore punk rock style rather than featuring several pop oriented pieces; this is due to the fact that guitarist Johnny Ramone received more leeway with steering the overall genre with his hard rock influenced riffs.
 Numena (1987) is an album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich. This is the most active solo album Rich had released by this time. It features the use of a variety of acoustic percussion instruments and just intonation for the first time in Rich’s career.The longest and most complicated track on the album is a piece called “The Other Side of Twilight”.
 Old Home Town is the 39th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1982 (see 1982 in music).
 Golden Stars is a compilation album by Spanish duo Baccara released by BMG-Ariola's Music Club in 1995.This compilation includes recordings by the original formation of the duo Mayte Mateos and María Mendiola taken from their RCA-Victor studio albums Baccara (1977) Light My Fire (1978) Colours (1979) Bad Boys (1981) and the greatest hits collection The Hits Of Baccara (1978).
 Breaking Point is an album by Lunatic Calm.
 Made Again is a 1996 double live album by Marillion their first live recording with singer Steve Hogarth. The first disc contains material recorded in London on the Holidays in Eden tour (1991) and in Rotterdam on the Afraid of Sunlight tour (1995); the second disc consists of a full live version of the album Brave recorded in Paris in 1994.
 Utatane is the first album from the Japanese duo RYTHEM released in 2004.
 II liga zapad is the second studio third by the Serbian punk rock band Atheist Rap released by Hi-Fi Centar in 1998.
 By 7:30 is an album by Vonda Shepard released on 20 April 1999. The album reached position #39 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Global Underground 019: John Digweed Los Angeles is a DJ mix album in the Global Underground series compiled and mixed by John Digweed. The mix is a retrospective look at a set in Los Angeles United States.A classic of flawless programming and evocative electronic music both elements the standard signature of a good John Digweed set.
 Mi Tierra (English: My Homeland) is the third studio album by Cuban-American recording artist Gloria Estefan released on June 14 1993 by Epic Records. Produced by husband Emilio Estefan it is her first Spanish-language album and pays homage to her Cuban roots. The album features Cuban musical genres including boleros danzan and son music.
 The Best of Poison: 20 Years of Rock is a compilation album from the American rock band Poison released to celebrate the band's 20 year anniversary. It has sold more than 1 million copies to date in the U.S as of September 2009.The album was released on April 3 2006 on EMI. It features many songs from the band's 20-year career. Most notable is the song Every Rose Has Its Thorn which was the band's biggest hit a power ballad.
 The Philosophy of the Spiritual is an album by bassist Richard Davis recorded in 1971 and released on the Cobblestone label. The album was reissued in 1975 on the Muse label as With Understanding.
 (M.1.C.S.) My 1st Chemistry Set is the debut studio album by Detroit rapper Boldy James released on October 15 2013 through Decon. It was preceded by Boldy James' EP Grand Quarters (2013). M.1.C.S. was entirely produced by The Alchemist and features guest appearances from Action Bronson Domo Genesis Earl Sweatshirt Freeway King Chip and Vince Staples among others. On September 12 2013 the lead single from the album Moochie was leaked onto the Internet.
 Kissanelämää is the third solo studio album by a Finnish singer-songwriter Aki Sirkesalo. Released by Sony Music Entertainment in 1998 the album peaked at number five on the Finnish Albums Chart.
 Beautiful So Far is the second studio album by Norwegian singer-songwriter Bertine Zetlitz and was released on September 4 2000.
 Bad Habits is a blues album by Canadian musician Colin James released in 1995 (see 1995 in music). In the U.S. the album was released on Elektra Records. The album was produced engineered and mixed at Compass Point in Nassau and mastered at MasterDisk in New York City.The album earned James the 1996 Juno Award for Male Vocalist of the Year.
 Imagine Our Love is a folk album by Los Angeles-based Lavender Diamond. It was released in May 2007 by Matador Records.
 The Secret Language of Birds (2000) is the third studio album by Jethro Tull frontman Ian Anderson. It is named after the dawn chorus the natural sound of birds heard at dawn most noticeably in the spring.
 Gift of Screws is the fifth solo album by American musician and Fleetwood Mac vocalist/guitarist Lindsey Buckingham and was released on September 15 2008.
 Best of 4Minute is the first Japanese compilation album by the South Korean girl group 4Minute. It is composed of all the Japanese tracks released by the group since their debut in Japan. It was released on September 26 2012 in three different editions: 2 limited CD+DVD (Type A with a live event and Type B with all Japanese music videos) and a Regular edition.
 The Decca Years is a compilation of the three first albums from the Swedish group Kaipa released under the Decca label during the years of 1975 to 1978. It also includes two previously unreleased albums.
 Live in Concert is a live album by the Irish folk group Clannad which was released in 2005. It features new versions of material from across the band's catalogue as far back as their 1973 debut album. Songs originally released in their simplest acoustic form are now performed here with brand new full band arrangements. In A Lifetime features a duet with former Riverdance singer Brian Kennedy.
 Cafe on the Corner is the title of the ninth studio album released by the American country music band Sawyer Brown. Released in 1992 by Curb Records it produced three singles on the Billboard country music charts: the title track (#5) All These Years (#3) and Trouble on the Line (also a #5). All These Years previously recorded by writer Mac McAnally on his 1992 album Live and Learn was also a minor hit for the band on the Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks charts peaking at #42 there.
 Tyr (/ˈtɪər/;) is the fifteenth studio album by heavy metal band Black Sabbath released in August 1990 by I.R.S. Records.The album title and several song titles are taken from Norse mythology which led many to call Tyr a concept album although bassist Neil Murray dispelled that in 2005 stating that while many of the songs may seem loosely related very little of the album has to do with mythology and it was not intended to be a concept recording.
 Ravenna is the first studio album by Canadian rock band The Reason and was released on September 13 2004.
 Going Public is Beach Boys member Bruce Johnston's third and final solo album and the only one recorded after becoming a member of the band. It was released in 1977 under Columbia Records.
 To the Sea is the fifth studio album by singer-songwriter Jack Johnson released on May 26 2010 in Japan May 31 2010 in the UK and June 1 2010 in the United States through Universal Republic Records and Brushfire Music Group. The album debuted at number 1 in the United States selling 243000 copies in its first week.
 Theater of the Mind is the seventh studio album by American hip hop recording artist Ludacris. It was released on November 22 2008. Ludacris calls the album theatrical.
 Through Time and Mystery – Ending is the fourth album by the German electronic composer Peter Frohmader released in 1988 through Nekropolis.
 Tainted Love: Mating Calls and Fight Songs is an album of covers by Shivaree released by Zoë Records in 2007.
 Noemi is the first Noemi's EP. The EP contains the single Briciole two covers and three unpublished.The EP was certified by Sony BMG gold disc with more than 50000 copies sold.
 The Pleasures of Self Destruction is the sixth studio album by rock band Babybird released in 2011 on Unison Records. The album features Johnny Depp who is said to be a long time fan of the band on guitar on one track the first track Jesus Stag Night Club
 Vilst er síðsta fet (Wildest is the Last Step) is the debut EP by the Faroese doom metal band Hamferð. It was released on December 14 2010 via Tutl Records.
 I Think We're Gonna Need a Bigger Boat is the debut album of British electronic act The Brighton Port Authority. It was released on Southern Fried on 6 January 2009 exclusively on amazon.com with a regular release on February 3.The Brighton Port Authority is a project of British musician Norman Cook better known as Fatboy Slim.
 The Pious Bird of Good Omen is a compilation album by Fleetwood Mac released in 1969. It consisted of the first four UK singles and their B-sides two other tracks from their previous two albums and two tracks by blues artist Eddie Boyd with backing by members of Fleetwood Mac. These two tracks came from Boyd's album 7936 South Rhodes.The title of the album is a phrase found in an 1817 gloss (marginal note) to Samuel Taylor Coleridge's 1798 epic poem The Rime of the Ancient Mariner.
 Pebbles Volume 6 is a compilation album among the CDs in the Pebbles series; it is sub-titled Chicago 1. The next CD in the series Pebbles Volume 7 also features bands from Chicago as does the LP Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 4.
 29 Golden Bullets is the third compilation by the German rock band Bonfire. It was released in 2001 by BMG International and features a bonus song that was cut from the Fireworks album called Take Me by the Hand. The album is a double CD that features the band's most recognized songs; some were remixed and others edited for radio airplay and all have been digitally remastered.
 Dai Ikkai Ringohan Taikai no Moyou (第一回林檎班大会の模様 The situation of the Very First Ringo Group Convention) is the live video of Shiina Ringo released on February 21 2007.The situation of the live concert Dai Ikkai Ringohan Taikai Adaruto Onrii (第一回林檎班大会 アダルト・オンリー The Very First Ringo Group Convention Adult Only) on from December 12 through 21 2005 is recorded on this DVD.Her private office 黒猫堂/Kuroneko-dou made a plan of this DVD and distributes it.
 Popular Spanish singer Sergio Dalma followed 2011's four-times platinum Via Dalma II with Cadore 33. Unlike Dalma's previous two albums which consisted of Spanish-language covers of Italian songs this marked his return to performing original material.The disc reunited the singer with producer Claudio Guidetti who produced both 2010's Via Dalma and Via Dalma II. The title refers to the address of the studio in Milan Italy where the disc was recorded.
 Soft Sands is a 1957 studio album by Oscar Peterson arranged by Buddy Bregman.
 A Symphony of Hits is the ninth album by Australian pop vocal group Human Nature. The album includes reworking of some of their past hits and several new cover versions all with arrangements by Prague Philharmonic Orchestra.
 Earth Songs is the 21st album by American singer-songwriter John Denver released in 1990.
 Illusion is the first release of the Washington based band Poor Moon. It was released by US label Sub Pop on March 27 2012.
 Redneck Wonderland is an album by Midnight Oil that was released in 1998 under the Columbia Records label. The title of the album was inspired by a wall graffiti a picture of which can be seen in the promotional Oil Rag Vol. VI issued along with album release.
 Better Than Raw is the eighth studio album by German power metal band Helloween released in 1998. The album spawned the singlesI Can and Hey Lord!.The album was recorded at Chateau du Pape and Crazy Cat studios in Hamburg and at Mi Sueno studio in Tenerife. It was produced and mixed by Tommy Hansen at Chateau du Pape and mastered by Ian Cooper at Metropolis London.
 Church Mouth is the second full length album from Alaskan experimental rock band Portugal. The Man. It was released on July 20 2007 in Europe and on July 24 2007 in the UK and the USA. As of June 22 2007 the album had leaked to p2p networks. Regarding the leak the band posted the following message on their MySpace bulletins:Go download it. Give yourself the tastes. Feel free.
 Beat the Boots II is a box set by Frank Zappa. It compiles bootleg recordings which were previously available illegally and was released through Rhino Entertainment in 1992 as part of Zappa's campaign to dissuade his fans from buying illegal recordings of his concerts.
 Why Not is the debut album by jazz pianist George Cables released in 1975 on Why Not Records.
 Hormoaning is an EP by the American rock band Nirvana. It was released on February 5 1992 through DGC Records and Geffen Records. It was released in Australia and Japan only during the band's tour there.
 A Grateful People is the last album released by Christian duo Watermark. It was recorded live on August 25 2005 in front of a small audience at their hometown church in Brentwood Tennessee. It was released on March 14 2006 by Rocketown Records.
 The jazz album Toshiko's Piano (released as Amazing Toshiko Akiyoshi in Japan) was the debut recording of jazz pianist Toshiko Akiyoshi. It was recorded in Japan in 1953 with Oscar Peterson's Jazz at the Philharmonic rhythm section and released as a 10 inch LP album on Norman Granz's Norgran Record label. Later 12 inch LP and (Japanese) CD re-issues also include all 4 Akiyoshi tracks from 1957's Verve Records recording Toshiko and Leon Sash at Newport. Cover artwork is by David Stone Martin.
 '00 (2000) is the fifth and final album by the alternative rock band Judybats. Lead singer and songwriter Jeff Heiskell was the only founding group member to participate in the album's recording with the remainder of the band's lineup consisting of guitarists Doug Hairrell and Reed Pendleton bassist Rob Bell and drummer Mike Hairrell. Founding group guitarist Johnny Sughrue was included on the album tour.
 Cassadee Pope EP is the debut solo EP by American artist Cassadee Pope the vocalist of pop rock band Hey Monday and winner of season three of NBC's The Voice. It was released digitally on Google Play on May 22 2012 (before her participation on and later winning of The Voice) and was later released on iTunes Store with a digital booklet. Pope went solo after Hey Monday went on an indefinite hiatus in December 2011.
 Gob is a nine-track album and the first release ever by Canadian Punk rock band Gob. It is the first release on Landspeed Records (LSCD-001).Note: The original release of this album was on Positive Records. The album has the same cover but in orange rather than blue as seen on all other releases.Odd numbered songs were written and sung by Theo and even numbered songs by Tom.There were two covers: black/blue and black/yellow cover.
 The Abbey Road Sessions is an orchestral compilation album by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue released on 24 October 2012 by Parlophone. The album's production was primarily produced by Steve Anderson and Colin Elliot. The album features sixteen tracks all radically reworked spanning Minogue's 25 years in the music industry. The album was recorded at Abbey Road Studios in London with Minogue's band and a full orchestra during November 2011.
 Sensory Overdrive is the sixth studio album by Finnish glam rock singer Michael Monroe released on 14 March 2011 through Spinefarm Records.
 03 is the fourth album by Son of Dave and was released on 7 April 2008. It includes a cover of Low Rider by War and a reworking of Muddy Waters' I Just Wanna Make Love To You as I Just Wanna Get High with You.
 Premier Mandat is a 1999 French hip hop album by Diam's. The title is French for first term of office.
 So Sedated So Secure is the second full length album from Darkest Hour. The album gained the attention of independent record label Victory Records who signed them following the success of their debut. The album has since been re-released by Victory (March 7th 2006) featuring re-mixed audio re-recorded vocals new tracks and artwork.
 Trono de Gracia is an album of Christian worship music recorded by Don Moen. The title of the album his second in Spanish translates as Throne of Grace with Don Moen. His first Spanish album is En Tú Presencia. The Contemporary Christian album was recorded live and released by Integrity and Hosanna! Music on 2003. The album was nominated for Spanish Language Album of the Year for the GMA Dove Awards in 2004.
 Lost Alone is the debut full-length studio album by the Futurepop band mind.in.a.box released on June 1 2004 on Dependent Records and June 8 2004 on Metropolis Records.
 A Night Before Christmas is the thirtieth album (and first Christmas album) by Spyro Gyra recorded and released in 2008.
 Greatest Hits is a double-CD compilation of Thin Lizzy songs released in 2004.
 The Other Side is a Country/Gospel/Christian album by country singer Billy Ray Cyrus. It is also the only album he recorded for the Word Records label. Three singles were released from the album Always Sixteen Face of God and the title track. Although Always Sixteen failed to enter the Hot Country Songs chart Face of God and The Other Side peaked at number 54 and number 45 respectively.
 Legend is the debut EP by black metal band Abigail Williams. It was originally released as a live EP of concert songs on October 3 2006 and was later released through Candlelight Records as studio-quality release on January 23 2007. The EP is noted for its metalcore influences that are abandoned after this release.Musical critic website Allmusic stated Legend is best described as death metal/black metal with metalcore influences.
 Souls For Sale is the first album by the rock band Verbena released in 1997 and the only album in which they appeared as a quartet. It is of note that the UK version of the album has an entirely different alternative version of Postcard Blues lasting 2:30. The album was released on Setanta Records under license to Merge Records in the US.
 Brave is the original soundtrack of the film of the same name composed by Patrick Doyle and performed by the London Symphony Orchestra.The soundtrack also features two original songs performed by Scottish Gaelic singer Julie Fowlis and written by Alex Mandel and one original song performed by Birdy and Mumford & Sons.
 Singer Sower is an album by 2nd Chapter of Acts released in 1983. It was recorded at Easter Song Studio in Garden Valley Texas. As with all 2nd Chapter of Acts recordings it was engineered and produced by Buck Herring.
 Manifesto is the fourth studio album from American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member Inspectah Deck. The album features guest appearances from Raekwon Cappadonna Cormega Kurupt Planet Asia Termanology Carlton Fisk Billy Danze and Fes Taylor. Initially the album was slated to be titled Resident Patient II as a sequel to Inspectah Deck's 2006 album The Resident Patient. However a mixtape entitled Resident Patient II leaked in 2008 that was not the actual product.
 Living with War released in 2006 is the twenty-eighth Grammy and Juno Award-nominated studio album by the Canadian musician Neil Young. The album's lyrics titles and conceptual style are highly critical of the policies of the George W. Bush administration; the CTV website defined it as a musical critique of U.S. President George W. Bush and his conduct of the war in Iraq.
 Draped Up & Chipped Out Vol. 3 is a compilation album by American rapper Messy Marv released on December 9 2008. It peaked at #50 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart #27 on the Heatseekers Albums chart and #16 on the Heatseekers Albums chart. It is the third and most successful album of his Draped Up & Chipped Out series and one of the most successful albums of his career.
 Mirrors in Your Eyes is the third studio album by American shoegaze band Soundpool released in 2010 on Killer Pimp. Music videos were produced for the title track and Kite of Love.
 Sophie and Peter Johnston is the eponymous 1986 first album from the duo of the same name.
 Useful Music is a studio album initially released in May 1999 under the SMG Records label by Josh Joplin Band and again in January 2001 through Artemis Records after the band had renamed itself Josh Joplin Group following a change in its line-up.
 Charles McPherson is an album by saxophonist Charles McPherson which was recorded in 1971 and released on the Mainstream label.
 The Good Life is an album by saxophonist Willis Jackson which was recorded in 1963 and released on the Prestige label.
 Looks at Life is singer-songwriter-multi-instrumentalist John Hartford's debut album. It essentially set the pattern for all of his RCA albums over the next four years: a combination of dry wit and superb musicianship delivered with a warm conversational baritone. This along with all six of his first albums were repackaged in three twofer CDs on BMG's Camden Deluxe label in 2002 immediately following his death.
 Life Is Calling My Name is the first studio album by Canadian country music artist Shane Yellowbird. The album was released by 306 Records on October 24 2006.
 This Time is the debut studio album by R&B singer Taral Hicks. It is noted for its feature of various collaborations from the likes of Teddy Riley Narada Michael Walden and future superstars that were then-unknown at the time; including Missy Elliott DJ Eddie F and Chad Hugo of The Neptunes.
 The Return of the Regulator is the fourth studio album by Warren G. Although the album can be considered as a return to the roots of west coast gangsta music it sold less than the two previous albums.
 Agent Orange is the third album by the German thrash metal band Sodom their last with guitarist Frank Blackfire before he left the band and joined Kreator. The lyrical content delves deeply into Tom Angelripper's fascination with the Vietnam War with a song dedicated to the ground assault aircraft AC-47 as well as the Agent orange defoliant-inspired title-track. It was the first thrash metal album to enter the German album charts where it reached number 36.
 16 Horsepower is the first EP by the band of the same name. It was released November 7 1995. It is often referred to simply as the Haw EP amongst fans noting to the title of the first track. It is the group's second release following the Shametown 7 vinyl record of 1994 the A-side of which was re-recorded here.
 Everything's OK is a 2005 album by American R&B singer Al Green (credited on the cover art and track credits of this album as The Reverend Al Green) produced by Willie Mitchell and Green and released on the Blue Note label. The album peaked at #19 on the R&B chart and #50 on the pop chart Green's first album to place in the pop top 50 since 1975.
 Communicate is a mix album by Sasha & John Digweed. It is their fifth mix album and the first since 1994 to not be part of the Northern Exposure concept album series.Critically the album was generally less well received than Northern Exposure: Expeditions. Spin stated that despite a few stellar moments [Communicate] is ultimately a let-down.
 Show Me Your Tears is the final album to be released to date by Frank Black and the Catholics. The album employs a wide range of guests including piano and an arrangement by maverick composer Van Dyke Parks on the final track. Within months of the album's release it was announced that Black would be participating in a Pixies reunion and since that time the Catholics have effectively been defunct.
 Live in the Tragic Kingdom is a video release by the American third wave ska band No Doubt consisting of a filmed concert at The Arrowhead Pond of Anaheim in Anaheim California on May 31 and June 1 1997. It supported their commercially successful third studio album Tragic Kingdom. It was released on November 11 1997 on Interscope Records on VHS; November 25 2003 on DVD as part of No Doubt's box set album Boom Box; and as a separate DVD on June 13 2006.
 Letters Home is the third studio album by the American melodic hardcore band Defeater. Like their previous releases Letters Home is a concept album following the story of the father of the characters of their other albums prior to the events of Travels.
 The Glen Campbell Album is a compilation of early Capitol singles recorded between 1963 and 1966.
 Hip Young Guitar Slinger is a compilation album of Jimmy Page's pre-Led Zeppelin studio sessions recorded between 1962 and 1966. It was released on 4 September 2000.It is not certain whether Page actually played on every track.
 Shriek is the fourth studio album by indie band Wye Oak. It was released on April 29 2014 by Merge Records in the United States and City Slang in Europe.
 Baduizm is the debut album of R&B and neo soul musician Erykah Badu released February 11 1997 on Kedar Records. Recording sessions for the album took place during January to October 1996 at Battery Studios in New York City Sigma Sounds & Ivory Studios in Philadelphia and Dallas Sound Lab in Dallas. Production was handled by Badu Madukwu Chinwah John Meredith James Poyser and The Roots.
 Evening Star (1975) is an ambient album by the British musicians Robert Fripp and Brian Eno. The cover is a painting by the artist Peter Schmidt.The first three tracks are serene gentle tape-looped guitar textures performed by Robert Fripp and accented with treatments synthesizer and piano by Brian Eno.Track four Wind on Wind is an excerpt from Eno’s solo project Discreet Music which was released after this album.
 Songs is the third studio album by Norwegian pop rock group Fra Lippo Lippi. Originally released in 1985 by the band's own label Easter Productions Songs received favorable reviews and sold around 5000 copies without any means of promotion.Later that year Virgin Records signed the band to a worldwide contract. The album was reissued and released internationally in 1986 with some songs re-recorded or remixed and the addition of the song Everytime I See You.
 Triple Live Möther Gööse at Budokan is the debut album by American comedy metal/punk group Green Jellö in 1989. Despite the titling the album is not a live album.
 The Complete Capitol Singles Collection is a 1996 box set by the American singer Frank Sinatra.This four-disc set contains all the singles -- A-sides and B-sides—that Sinatra recorded for Capitol Records between 1953 and 1960 with the notable exception of If You Are But A Dream which was inexplicably omitted. It is available on an Australian double CD only.
 2012 is an EP by grime supergroup Ruff Sqwad. It was released on 24 January 2012 by Takeover Entertainment as a free downloadable EP prior to the release of Ruff Sqwad's third solo studio album Guns and Roses Volume. 3.The EP's cover art is a cyberart image of interstellar medium and estrasolar system coordinates formatted curvilinear coordinates in grey with the color blue as a background.The 2012 EP is marked as the group's build up to their third studio album Guns and Roses Volume.
 Radio Radio TV Sleep is a live album by the Norwegian rock band BigBang which was released in 2003.
 Natural (stylized as ИATURAL) is the third album by the Japanese rock band Orange Range. The album was officially released on October 12th 2005 after *: Asterisk Love Parade Onegai! Senorita and Kizuna were released as promotional singles. The song Asterisk was used as the first theme for the Japanese and American versions of the anime show Bleach.
 Return to Nothing is the first album by Ginnungagap. The first track is a live recording made at the Flux Factory in Queens NY on March 10 2004 while the second is a remix of it by Gerritt Wittmer. It was limited to only 500 copies on CD.
 Live on BBC Radio 1 is a live EP by the American rock band Touché Amoré. The EP was recorded live at BBC Radio 1 studio with the show's host Mike Davies and engineer Simon Askew. Live on BBC Radio 1 also features guest vocals from Jordan Dreyer of La Dispute. The two bands were on tour in the UK together and recorded back-to-back sessions at BBC Radio 1.
 The Ozark Mountain Daredevils is the debut album by the Country rock & Southern rock band The Ozark Mountain Daredevils. Sporting a patchwork quilt cover that gave some indication of its eclectic musical content and spawned the #25 hit single If You Wanna Get to Heaven plus many other laid-back originals from the Missouri natives.
 Rockpile was the first solo album by Dave Edmunds released in 1972. It is principally focused on remakes of late 1950s and early 1960s hits with a few new songs included. Edmunds plays almost all the instruments except for bass and backing vocals which are contributed by John Williams Edmunds' former bandmate in Love Sculpture. The album included a 1970 British #1 and worldwide Top 10 single I Hear You Knocking.
 Mixtape is a collection of tracks merged by Leeds-based grindie band Hadouken! to create a mixtape. The tracks include Hadouken! remixes of other songs and a demo version of the band's debut single That Boy That Girl. The mixtape was released as a free digital download following the band's previous single Liquid Lives.
 Remedy Lane is the fourth album by Swedish progressive metal band Pain of Salvation released in Spring 2002. It is a concept album focusing on a character's search for self-discovery. It was described by Allmusic as Pain of Salvation's breakthrough album.
 Tour De Flock is the first live album and DVD by Bell X1. It is a 2-disc compilation featuring 16 tracks from their sold-out gig at The Point Theatre Dublin on 1 December 2006.The album is the group's first since being leaving Island Records and was issued through their own BellyUp label. The deluxe double package comes with a wallpaper style digipack sleeve.
 Live Extracts (released 2010 in Oslo Norway by Jazzland – 0602527364575) is a Nu Jazz album by the Norwegian guitarist Eivind Aarset's Sonic Codex Orchestra.
 Pub With No Beer is by the USA rock band Donut Kings released under the Catseyesoup record label.Donut Kings have a history of playing and recording beer songs. Their most popular beer song is the re-make of a re-make of sort's the classic In Heaven There is No Beer (from 1999's FAPLUNK.) Another popular tune Finnegan's Drink (from 1996's No Evacuation Possible) was a song about a drinking glass kept behind a glass case by one of its famous long dead patrons Mr. Finnegan.
 Live at the Luminaire is a digital-only live acoustic album by English singer-songwriter Howard Eliott Payne formerly of the Liverpool band The Stands and features material from Payne's debut solo album Bright Light Ballads as well as material from the Stands' first album All Years Leaving.The album was recorded at The Luminaire in Kilburn London and released 21 September 2009.
 This article describes the sixth album in the Asian Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 6 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 6 was released in 2000. The album is the 6th edition of the Asian Now! series.
 No More Stories EP is an EP by Danish alternative rock band Mew released on 28 June 2009. It contains two tracks from the subsequent studio album No More Stories... released barely two months later plus three previously unreleased B-sides.
 New York Jazz is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1956 and originally released on the Verve label.
 Enya is the soundtrack album of the 1987 BBC documentary series The Celts. It is also the debut solo album of Enya an Irish singer pianist and composer.The album was later reissued and remastered as The Celts in 1992.
 M.O.T.A. is the fourth studio album by the Puerto Rican reggae band Cultura Profética. The album was recorded at Playbach Studios in San Juan Puerto Rico and released in 2005.The title is a Spanish acronym for Momentos de Ocio en el Templo de el Ajusco (Ajusco: a volcano in Mexico City) which means Moments of Leisure in the Temple of Ajusco.
 Return of the Vampire is a compilation album of rare demo tracks by Mercyful Fate recorded before their first official release in 1982. It is released in 1992 by Roadrunner Records RRD 9184.The album cover was painted by Torbjorn Jorgensen / Studio Dzyan.
 Stone Cold Queen: A Tribute is a Queen tribute album. It features various covers of Queen songs by various artists.
 Bert and Ernie Sing Along is a Sesame Street album released in 1975 that involved the entire cast of humans and Muppets doing a sing-a-long in Bert and Ernie's bathroom. The songs and dialog were from an episode of Sesame Street that followed the same plot line.The entire album was released on CD for the first time on the 3-disc set Old School: Volume 1 with other Sesame Street albums The Sesame Street Book & Record and Big Bird Sings!
 Solo Piano (1989) is an album of piano music composed and performed by Philip Glass. It was produced by Kurt Munkacsi.Its second track Metamorphosis Two formed the basis of one of the main musical themes in the film The Hours. It is also the song that the American rock band Pearl Jam uses as their introduction music to concerts.
 Tystion vs Allfa Un is the second release by the Welsh band Tystion.
 Big Moon Ritual is the debut studio album by American blues rock band Chris Robinson Brotherhood. It was released on 5 June 2012 and was recorded at the same time as their second album The Magic Door.
 The Damned is the ninth album by New Zealand noise rock band The Dead C released on November 11 2003 through Starlight Furniture Co..
 Slow Flame is a Mars Ill album released in 2007 on DeepSpace5 Records. Remix Album of Pro*Pain that features two new songs Feelin' So High and Run's Wonderland. Also the three songs that were cut from the 2006 release were added.
 The cult television show Freaks and Geeks used music from the show's time period 1980–1981 for its soundtrack.Because this called for using popular established artists purchasing the rights to use songs required much of the show's budget and became an obstacle in releasing the show on DVD; in fact reruns seen on Fox Family replaced some of the songs with generic production music. However Shout! Factory eventually brought Freaks and Geeks to DVD in 2004 with all of its music intact.
 Steel Warriors is a 1998 compilation album by the heavy metal band Manowar. It includes only songs from the albums Into Glory Ride and Hail to England.
 Live and Kickin' is a 2003 live album by country singer Willie Nelson featuring music stars of diverse genres like Eric Clapton Shania Twain Elvis Costello Diana Krall Norah Jones Ray Charles and Steven Tyler.
 Superbuick is the second independently released album from industrial metal band Mushroomhead. The album was released in 1996. Most of the songs were later remastered on XX which was initially released by Eclipse Records then through Universal Records after some slight modifications and two additional songs.The album was repressed in 2002 along with their self-titled album and M3 though some major retailers do not carry them.
 Give Back is the fourth recorded work by Christian punk band Side Walk Slam and was released in 2002.
 Mark Stewart + Maffia is a compilation album by vocalist Mark Stewart released in 1986 through Upside Records. It was released in the United States to promote Stewart's first two solo efforts and contains tracks from Learning to Cope With Cowardice on side one and tracks from As the Veneer of Democracy Starts to Fade on the second side. The songs were remastered by Herb Powers Jr. for the compilation.
 Hanx! is a live Punk album by the band Stiff Little Fingers released in 1980 (see 1980 in music). Originally intended for the American market to introduce the band before they toured there it was subsequently released at a budget price in the UK as the band were concerned that a lot of their fans would insist on buying the album on import anyway for a higher price.
 Around the Well is a compilation of out-of-print and previously unreleased tracks by the folk rock artist Iron & Wine released on May 19 2009. Iron & Wine toured in May 2009 in support of this release.
 Betty Wright: The Movie is a musical album a collaboration by singer Betty Wright and The Roots. It was released November 15 2011.
 Humans Being is an album by South African/British rock band Dorp released on 22 September 2008.
 For the Beirut EP see Pompeii EP.Pompeii is an album by German progressive rock group Triumvirat. The band released the album under the name of The New Triumvirat due to temporary legal squabbles over the original name.
 Electric Fire is the fourth solo album by Roger Taylor from the band Queen. It features a cover of John Lennon's song Working Class Hero.
 Xsuie is the fifth studio album by Lucky Ali. It was released in 2009 and was available freely on the internet. Xsuie means at your own pace in Urdu. The album marked the debut of Lucky Ali as a director as he directed videos for the songs that featured on the album.Later on all songs of this album were included in Lucky Ali's next album Raasta Man which was released in 2011. However the alternate English titles given to songs previously were removed.
 Jeon Won Diary (전원일기) is the first extended play (EP) by South Korean girl group T-ara N4 a sub-unit of T-ara released on April 29 2013. It was promoted by the song of the same name.
 The soundtrack for the 1997 film Anna Karenina directed by Bernard Rose was conformed of several Russian classical and traditional musical pieces. The music was performed by the St. Petersburg Philharmonic Orchestra under the baton of Sir Georg Solti.
 Humble Pie was the third studio album released by English rock group Humble Pie (band) in 1970 and their first with A&M Records.
 Kraken II is the name of the second studio album Colombian group Kraken It was released on December 5 1989 by Codiscos. The first single from the album was Vestido de Cristal. The second single was Una Vez Más.
 Generation is the second studio album by the electronic music group Audio Bullys released on 31 October 2005. It features the singles Shot You Down which reached #3 in the UK Singles Chart and I'm in Love (released 24 October 2005).
 Conversation with a Devil is the eleventh album released by rapper Andre Nickatina. It was released on April 22 2003 for Fillmoe Coleman Records and was produced by Andre Nickatina Nick Peace Krushadelic and Smoov-E. Packaged with the album was a movie also entitled Conversation with a Devil. Conversation with a Devil peaked at #3 on the Billboard's Top Heatseekers chart and was named one of the top coke rap albums ever by Rhapsody (online music service).
 Swallow Tales is a 1971 album by British country rock band Cochise. Cochise was most well known for guitarist Mick Grabham who joined British rock band Procol Harum after Cochise dissolved in 1972. The album was released in 1971 and featured several supporting artists including Tim Renwick and Cat Batchelor. The album was released by music label Liberty Records.The album was originally released as an LP and was later released on CD.
 Millennium is the second studio album by death metal band Monstrosity released in 1996 and produced by Scott Burns. This is the last album to feature George Corpsegrinder Fisher on vocals as he went on to join the death metal band Cannibal Corpse. It was released on Conquest Music Inc worldwide and licensed to Nuclear Blast for a European release. It was later licensed by Hammerheart Records (Netherlands) and re-released in the early 2000s for Europe.
 Man in Black is the 38th overall album by country singer Johnny Cash released on Columbia Records in 1971. Many of the songs on the album contain political references either broad or specific while the title song refers both to Cash's tendency to wear black at live shows and to the tumultuous times in which the song was created implying the Vietnam War. The album's name also eventually became Cash's informal nickname given to him by the public.
 Rising is the eleventh studio album by the American hard rock band Great White released in 2009. It was recorded in the winter of 2008 with completion in early 2009. Rising was mixed produced and engineered by Michael Lardie with all members of the group contributing to the final mix.
 The Well is an album by American blues singer and harmonica player Charlie Musselwhite. It was released in August 2010. It was his first release on Alligator Records label since 1993 album In My Time.
 Smother is the third studio album by British indie rock/dream pop band Wild Beasts released on 9 May 2011 by Domino Records. It reached #17 in the UK Albums Chart. According to the band it represents a more synthesiser-based sound than previous efforts influenced by moving to Dalston Brazilian writer Clarice Lispector minimalist composer Steve Reich noise pop duo Fuck Buttons and Mary Shelley's book Frankenstein.
 Nightbreaker is the eighth studio album by the American heavy metal band Riot. It was the band's first with vocalist Mike DiMeo as well as the studio debut of guitarist Mike Flyntz and bassist Pete Perez. The album was released in Japan by Sony Music in 1993 in Europe by Rising Sun Productions in 1994 and finally re-issued in the United States by Metal Blade Records in 1999 all with different cover artwork.
 Phorceful Ahead is an album released by the German heavy metal-band Symphorce and was released in 2002.
 End Of My Road is an EP by Harmony released through Ulterium Records on 2008.
 Night Falls Over Kortedala is the second full length release by Swedish pop singer Jens Lekman.
 Perfect Selection: Dracula ~NEW CLASSIC~ (Japanese パーフェクトセレクション　ドラキュラ・ニュークラシック) is an album by Konami featuring classical renditions of several classic Castlevania themes. It was released in Japan on April 22 1992. The catalog code for this album is KICA-1103.
 Sonny Stitt at the D. J. Lounge is a live album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in Chicago in 1961 and released on the Argo label.
 Bites is the first full-length studio album by Skinny Puppy released as an LP under Nettwerk in 1985. In 1993 it was reissued on CD with additional material originally performed by Hell-O Death Day a pseudonym used for the band while they toured as an opener for the electronic act Chris and Cosey.
 Something Special is the 32nd studio album by Dolly Parton released in August 1995 on Columbia Records. In addition to the seven new Parton compositions she updated three classics from her repertoire: Jolene The Seeker and I Will Always Love You the latter of which was performed as a duet with Vince Gill. The Gill duet Parton's third recording of the song reached #15 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart becoming Parton's highest charting single in four years.
 Ozzfest 2002 is a live recording of Ozzfest 2002. It was recorded during the concert in Boston and has the Main Stage performances of Hard rock and other symilar style bands as System of a Down Rob Zombie and Adema. The Album also has performances of Second Stage bands such as Meshuggah and Soil.The album includes guest appearances from Zakk Wylde and Kelly Osbourne.
 Sol Filosofia is the second album from Kenyan Afro-fusion band Sauti Sol. The first single from the album was Soma Kijana.
 V: Hävitetty (Chapter V - Ravaged) is the fifth full-length album by Finnish pagan metal band Moonsorrow. It was released on January 10 2007 through Spinefarm Records. As a joke by the band the name Homosika (gay pig) was released as the working title for Viides Luku - Hävitetty.Hävitetty follows up on the sound established on Moonsorrow's previous studio album Verisäkeet.
 We Shine is Fee's first major label studio album released on September 25 2007 through INO Records. Their song All Because of Jesus was the lead single from this album peaking at #4 on Billboard's Christian Songs chart and was covered by Casting Crowns for their album The Altar and the Door.
 Strange House is the debut album by The Horrors. It entered the UK album charts at No. 37. The band announced the title via a MySpace bulletin on 11 January 2007. It was released on 5 March 2007 on Loog Records. Several alternative titles for the album were considered including Through Wax Seals and Padlocks[citation needed] a line taken from their song Gloves.
 Jihad is an EP by American band Otep released on June 19 2001. All tracks with the exception of Germ were later re-recorded for Otep's debut full-length Sevas Tra.
 You Secretly Want Me Dead is an album by the band Kind of Like Spitting. It was released on May 2 2000 on Hush Records.
 Meu Sonho Perdido is a Portuguese album by Luis Miguel which was released in 1985. There was also a Mexican Version of the LP Palabra De Honor.
 Turbulence Wild StreetDanz is the second album from the Filipino all-male dance group Streetboys. It has 13 tracks and released under PolyGram Records Philippines and Infiniti Music in 1997.
 Pedot is the eleventh album of the Finnish rock band CMX. Pedot means Beasts in Finnish.The opening track Eteläisen tähtitaivaan kartoitus breaks a CMX tradition of starting their albums with powerful rock songs. It is a minimalistic piano-based ballad with no drums. The title track is heavy progressive and one of the very few tracks where Tuomas Peippo makes use of double bass pedals.
 Talking Through Tin Cans is the first studio album by Berkeley California-based indie pop band The Morning Benders currently known as POP ETC. It was released in 2008 on +1 Records.It was named best indie/alternative album of 2008 by iTunes.
 Soul-Crusher is the 1st full length album of noise rock band White Zombie. It was released in November 1987 on LP under White Zombie's own label Silent Explosion and was the band's 2nd & last release with Tom Five Guay on guitar first being the 1986 EP Psycho-Head Blowout. In 1988 the album was adopted and re-edited by Caroline Records. Each label pressed 2000 copies making it a rarity among collectors.
 Bacilos is the first studio album recorded by Bacilos released on May 23 2000. The album received a Latin Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Album by a Duo or Group with Vocals.
 Queen is the eponymous debut album by the British rock group released in July 1973. It was recorded at Trident Studios and De Lane Lea Music Centre London with production by Roy Thomas Baker (as Roy Baker) John Anthony and Queen.The album was influenced by the progressive rock hard rock and heavy metal of the day and covers subjects such as folklore (My Fairy King) and religion (Jesus).
 Worship Again is Michael W. Smith's seventeenth album. This is Smith's second album of worship music. The album was recorded live in 2002 at Southeast Christian Church in Louisville Kentucky before a live audience.
 Fly High is the debut EP by South Korean boy group Infinite's sub-unit Infinite H. The EP was released on January 11 and immediately topped the charts upon release.
 Heart On is the third studio album from American rock band Eagles of Death Metal released on Oct 28 2008.When asked about the album lead singer Jesse Hughes stated: EODM's latest fabulous weapon a top-secret music missile a sonic warhead sexually tipped for her pleasure shot from the deck of USS EODM Mantastic Fantastic. The album was mastered at Bernie Grundman Mastering by Brian Gardner.
 Coat of Many Colors is the eighth solo studio album by Dolly Parton released in 1971 by RCA Records. The title song which Parton has described as her favourite of all the songs she's ever written deals with the poverty of her childhood. It reached #4 on the U.S. country singles charts.Over the years Parton would re-record a number of the songs from the album.
 Unfinished is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Jordan Knight released on May 31 2011. It is Knight's first album in almost five years since Love Songs (2006). The album was preceded by the lead single Let's Go Higher on March 1 2011. The album charted at number 48 on the Billboard 200 in the United States and at number 55 in Canada. The album features production by Jordan Knight Clinton Sparks Colby O'Donis Aaron Pearce Jonas Jeberg Ryan M.
 Sovereign is an upcoming album by Christian recording artist Michael W. Smith to be released on May 13 2014 through Capitol Records. The album's first single You Won't Let Go was released digitally on February 4 2014 and it opened at No. 13 on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.Christian singer Kari Jobe is also set to be featured on one of the songs on the album.
 Super 45 a 1991 EP was the first release by Stereolab. It was limited to approximately 800 copies.It was sold at concerts via mail order and at the Rough Trade record store in London.All four tracks were later included on Switched On.
 The End Is Not the End is the third full-length album released on September 23 2008 by the Christian rock band House of Heroes. After touring for their album Say No More the band announced on their MySpace page that they were working on new material. They posted pictures of themselves recording in a studio with supposed ex-member A.J. Babcock. The band clarified that Babcock is recording vocals and is still contributing musically to the band. A.J.
 Wholeness is an EP by Halou.
 La Flaca is the debut album by the Spanish Latin rock group Jarabe de Palo released in 1996. The album was produced by Joe Dworniak for Virgin Records España. Immediately after its release the album obtained a poor commercial reception selling only 12000 copies within seven months.
 XO is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Elliott Smith recorded from 1997 to 1998 and released on August 25 1998 through DreamWorks Records; Smith's first solo album on a major record label. Two singles Waltz #2 (XO) and Baby Britain were released.
 La Historia Continúa... (Eng.: The History Continues...) is a compilation album released by Marco Antonio Solís on October 28 2003. This album became his fourth number-one hit as a solo artist on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart.
 Night and Dream is a small jazz combo album recorded by pianist Toshiko Akiyoshi in 1994 and released by Nippon Crown Records.
 One Night is a live album recorded and released by ELO Part II. The concert was recorded on 20 May 1996 at a concert in Australia while the band was on tour. It was called One Night since ELO Part II was in Australia only for one night. The album's official release was UK 1996 2 CD and US 1997 1 CD.This album contains a lot of ELO's greatest hits performed live.
 Rust in Peace is the fourth studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth. It was released on September 24 1990 by Capitol Records. The album was produced by Mike Clink. Rust in Peace is the first album to feature guitarist Marty Friedman and drummer Nick Menza following the departure of Jeff Young and Chuck Behler in 1989. Two singles were released from the album: Hangar 18 and Holy Wars...
 On a Sad Sunny Day is the debut album by Arctic Plateau released in 2009 by Prophecy Productions. The artwork was done by Fursy Teyssier from Les Discrets.
 Fallen Empires is the sixth studio album by Snow Patrol. The album was released on 11 November 2011 everywhere except North America and on 10 January 2012 in North America. The album became the first to feature guitarist Johnny McDaid who joined during the recording and last to feature keyboardist Tom Simpson who would later depart the band in 2013. It is also the only album by the band as a six-piece.
 Declaration is the tenth studio album from Christian singer Steven Curtis Chapman. It was released on September 25 2001 by Sparrow Records and it has been certified Gold.The national concert tour that followed featured Nichole Nordeman as the opening act and traveled to over 70 cities in 2002. The tour featured a re-telling of the story of five missionaries who were killed by the Huaorani people in 1956 while working in Ecuador.
 Greatest Hits 1995–2005 is the first greatest hits compilation by Canadian country music singer Jason McCoy.
 If I Had Known: Essential Recordings 1980–96 is a two-disc retrospective of music recorded by American folk singer/guitarist Greg Brown.The seventeen tracks have all been previously released and remastered.The second disc is a 46-minute limited-edition DVD containing a 1993 documentary on Brown and his music interviews with Brown his parents Garrison Keillor and others.
 Air Raid is the second album by the improvisational collective Air featuring Henry Threadgill Steve McCall and Fred Hopkins performing four of Threadgill's compositions. The album was originally released on the Japanese Why Not label in 1976 and later released in the U.S. on India Navigation in 1984.
 Material Action For 2 Microphones is a cassette album by the band (more recently a solo project) Merzbow consisting of Masami Akita and Kiyoshi Mitzutani.
 For the music production team see Dreamlab (production team).Dreamlab is an album by the German band Mythos. It was released in 1975 on the Kosmische Musik label and featured a new line-up of the band.Similar to the works of several other fellow artists on the same label the album develops a science fiction concept around the story of an extraterrestrial visitor on a journey to Earth. Dreamlab is predominantly made up of peaceful and relaxed music.
 My Kantele is an EP by the Finnish band Amorphis released in 1997. It contains the acoustic version of My Kantele from the Elegy album and four previously unreleased songs. The song My Kantele is a traditional Finnish song from the 1840 collection Kanteletar and is also sung by Loituma.
 Compositions is the fourth album by the American R&B/soul singer Anita Baker. The album peaked at #5 on Billboard 200 and was certified platinum in 1990 making it Baker's third platinum selling album. The album also won the Grammy Award for Best Female R&B Vocal Performance at the 1991 Grammy Awards. Compositions marks the final album and collaboration between Baker and longtime producer Michael J. Powell.
 Ventolin is a piece of electronic music composed by Cornish musician Richard D James. It is noted for its abrasive sound. James recorded numerous versions of the piece under his Aphex Twin alias.The piece is named after a trade name for the drug Salbutamol which is prescribed for the treatment of asthma. A reported side effect of this drug is tinnitus a high pitched ringing in the ears.
 The High Windows (Hebrew: החלונות הגבוהים HaChalonot HaGvohim) is the debut and only studio album by the Israeli pop group The High Windows. Released in 1967 a few of its tracks became milestones of the Israeli pop music. The song Zemer Nuge was written by Rachel Bluwstein. In 2007 forty years after its original release date a remastered edition was released and went platinum in Israel.
 God Is a Twelve-Year-Old Boy with Asperger's is the third album by American stand-up comedian Eugene Mirman. The album was released on October 6 2009 by Sub Pop.
 Set Free is an album by The American Analog Set. It was released on September 20 2005 (earlier in Japan Europe and Australia) on Arts & Crafts records. This album was chosen as one of Amazon.com's Top 100 Editor's Picks of 2005.
 SYR7: J'Accuse Ted Hughes is the seventh release in American group Sonic Youth's SYR series. It was released only on vinyl—the first in the series to receive no compact disc release—and features two songs: J'Accuse Ted Hughes and Agnès B. Musique.SYR7 follows the SYR series tradition of liner notes in foreign languages. The one used on the artwork is Arpitan a French regional language.
 The Middle of Nowhere is a 2005 release by Circle II Circle. It was the band's second studio release but the first featuring the new band assembled after Stevens fired the original band in 2003. Like the band's first record it features guest appearances and writing credits for Stevens's former Savatage band mates Jon Oliva and Chris Caffery.The Japanese edition of the album featured three bonus tracks.
 Waterfalls is a live album by American saxophonist and composer John Klemmer featuring studio enhanced live performances recorded in Los Angeles for the Impulse! label.
 Lil' Beethoven is the nineteenth album by Sparks released in 2002.
 Journey is the second album by a Filipina singer - songwriter Yeng Constantino released on February 29 2008 via Star Records. The album contains twelve tracks: six were composed by Constantino two were a collaboration of Constantino and Morning Glory. Journey sold more than 15000 copies of Cd's and is certified Gold it was followed by her third album Lapit.
 Learn & Burn is the third studio album from Canadian rock band The Sheepdogs originally released in 2010 and re-released on May 22 2011. The album peaked at #14 on the Canadian Albums Chart.The album won the award for Rock Album of the Year at the 2012 Juno Awards. The album's first single I Don't Know won the Juno Award for Single of the Year. On February 5 2013 the album was certified Platinum in Canada.
 Pyramidion is a 5 track EP by British band Ozric Tentacles. It was released in 2001 on Snapper Music. Only the title track on this EP is a new song; the rest are older tunes recorded live at the Boardwalk in Sheffield UK.
 It's Great to Be Alive is the second full length album from indie-punk band Fake Problems. It was released February 17 2009 and is their first for Side One Dummy since joining the label in November 2008.A video for the song Dream Team was filmed in January 2009; it was the band's first video. The band invited fans and friends to the video shoot to appear in the video.
 Dionne Warwick in Paris Dionne Warwick's sixth album was released in 1966 on Scepter Records. It was recorded during Warwick's five-week engagement at the Paris Olympia in January 1966 and was released shortly after the tour was completed. The LP was issued as number 534 in the Scepter Catalog. The liner of this LP is pink with three pictures of Warwick side-by-side not unlike the Make Way for Dionne Warwick album two years earlier.
 G. Love and Special Sauce is the debut album by G. Love & Special Sauce released on May 10 1994 via Epic Records. The album has gone Gold.
 The Diary of Alicia Keys is the second studio album by American recording artist Alicia Keys. It was released in the United States on December 2 2003 by J Records.
 Extreme Volume II Live is the second live album by Racer X. Although it succeeds the release of Extreme Volume Live by four years the songs on the album were actually recorded at the same time. At the time of the album's release Racer X was on hiatus.
 The Club Mixes 2000 is a remix album by Frankie Goes To Hollywood. It was released in 2000 by Repertoire Records of Germany.The album's tracklisting is made up almost exclusively of new remixes commissioned by ZTT in 2000 for the Maximum Joy hits compilation campaign.
 Late Orchestration is a live album by American hip hop artist Kanye West released on April 24 2006 on Mercury Records. The album features recordings of live renditions of songs derived from his first two studio albums. It was recorded at the famed Abbey Road Studios in London England before an audience of three hundred personally invited guests and fans on September 21 2005.
 Just Like You is the second studio album by American R&B singer Keyshia Cole. The album was released on September 25 2007 through Geffen Records. It was nominated for Best Contemporary R&B Album at the 50th Annual Grammy Awards that was held February 2008 but lost to Ne-Yo's Because of You. As of December 2007 the album has been certified platinum in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 The Big Come Up is the debut album by the American rock duo The Black Keys released in 2002 on Alive Records. It was produced by drummer Patrick Carney. As of 2012 the album had sold 139000 copies according to Nielsen Soundscan. In 2005 music critic Chuck Klosterman singled out The Big Come Up as one of 21 high-quality albums from the previous three years.The song I'll Be Your Man was used as the theme song for the HBO series Hung.
 You Are My Sister is a four-track CD EP by Antony and the Johnsons originally released in 2005 on Secretly Canadian Records and later in the UK and Europe by Rough Trade Records. The title track is taken from Antony and the Johnsons second studio album I Am a Bird Now and features co-lead vocals by Boy George. The remaining tracks were previously unreleased and are exclusive to the EP and its variants. You Are My Sister reached #39 on the UK Top 40.
 I Had the Blues But I Shook Them Loose is the first album by the London alternative rock band Bombay Bicycle Club released on 3 July 2009. The band announced the title through MySpace and their official website on 31 March 2009. The album was recorded during October and November 2008 with the long-term producer Jim Abbiss. The title comes from a line in the song After Hours by A Tribe Called Quest from their 1990 album People's Instinctive Travels and the Paths of Rhythm.
 All the Best! is the second official compilation album of Paul McCartney music after 1978's Wings Greatest and was released in 1987. The album contains tracks from the beginning of his solo career in 1970 up to (on British and Canadian editions) the newly recorded Once Upon a Long Ago. The track inclusion and running order varies slightly between UK and US editions of All the Best! to reflect the popularity of particular songs in each country.
 Violin was the first album released by violinst Vanessa-Mae. It was recorded in October 1990 near her 12th birthday and released shortly afterwards in March 1991. Vanessa-Mae contributed her royalties from the album to the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. For the recording she performed with the Mozart Players as conducted by Anthony Inglis.
 Me siento tan sola (Spanish I feel so lonely) was the third album from Mexican singer Gloria Trevi originally released in 1992 by BMG Ariola. A limited release a month after I feel so alone in the convention of her record company (BMG Ariola) was awarded a Double Gold Record for high sales of her album.
 Pau Factor is the first compilation album by Mexican pop singer Paulina Rubio that is released by Universal Music. It includes her hit songs in English and Spanish languages during 2000-2012.
 Electric Arguments is the third album by The Fireman an experimental music duo consisting of Paul McCartney and producer Youth. The album was first announced 29 September 2008 on Paul McCartney's website and was released on 24 November 2008 on the duo's website. It is the first Fireman release to be publicly acknowledged by McCartney and the album cover features the names of both contributors.
 The Letter is a 1959 concept album by American vocalist Judy Garland arranged by Gordon Jenkins.Chronicling a relationship the album features John Ireland.
 Pebbles Volume 19 is a compilation album among the LP's in the Pebbles series. It is one of 10 albums in the sub-series The Continent Lashes Back and is sub-titled as European Garage Beat & Psych Rarities Pt. 3: Denmark. The album features recordings that were made in Denmark.
 Technical Ecstasy is the seventh studio album by the British heavy metal band Black Sabbath released in September 1976. The album was certified Gold on 19 June 1997 and peaked at number 51 on the Billboard Pop Album chart.
 Undaground Legend is the first major studio album (second overall) by rapper Lil' Flip. The album debuted at #12 on the Billboard 200 with 68000 copies sold in the first week released. The album was certified Platinum by the RIAA in December 2002 for shipping over a million copies. As of April 2004 the album has sold 646000 copies in the United States.
 Buzz is the second album by Keller Williams released in 1996. It covers many genres of music such as world beat reggae bluegrass and rock.
 Fingerprince is an album by The Residents. The album was recorded between 1974–76 and released in 1977. It was intended to be a three-sided record named Tourniquet Of Roses. Due to expense the project was abandoned and cut down to a regular two-sided album. The third side was originally released separately in 1979 as Babyfingers.
 The Second Barbra Streisand Album is the title of Barbra Streisand's second solo studio album. It was released in August 1963 just six months after the release of her debut album The Barbra Streisand Album and recorded in just four days in June 1963 [1].In 1963 Streisand told a reporter: My new album is called The Second Barbra Streisand Album because that's just what it is.
 The Day the World Stood Still is a live album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in Sweden and Denmark in 2003 and released on the Danish Stunt label. Hill was awarded the 2003 Danish Jazzpar Prize and the album was drawn from a series of concerts to celebrate and showcase Hill's work.
 Live In Europe! is a live album by the band Fuzztones recorded on May 3 1985 at L.V.C. in Leiden Holland and May 10 1985 at Zabolinde in Nuremberg Germany released in 1987.
 Don't Stop is the twenty-second studio album by English rock band Status Quo. The album of cover versions includes guest appearances from Tessa Niles on tracks 6 and 14 The Beach Boys on track 1 Brian May of Queen fame on track 7 and Maddy Prior of Steeleye Span fame on track 15. Fun Fun Fun When You Walk In The Room Don't Stop and All Around My Hat were all released as singles.
 Daddy Has a Tail is the second studio album by Minneapolis-based noise rock band Cows and their first to be released through Amphetamine Reptile Records in July 1989.
 All Good is the seventh studio album by Filipino singer Nina released in the Philippines on January 23 2013 by Viva Records. The album release was accompanied by the singer's comeback major concert at the Music Museum entitled Nina Reborn.
 Some Kind of Heroin is the first remix album by Norwegian solo artist Mortiis.The album is a collection of remixes of songs taken from Mortiis' previous album The Grudge.In a press release Mortiis has said:I'm really stoked we finally got to do a remix album and since it's been in process for quite some time now I'm happy to be able to finally release it.
 New England is the seventh studio album by rock band Wishbone Ash. It was a success compared to the band's Locked In album but still did not chart as high as most of previous Wishbone Ash albums.
 Packed! is the fifth album by rock group The Pretenders released in 1990. For this album the only real member of the group is Chrissie Hynde; no other person is pictured anywhere within the album package and a rotating cast of session musicians (rather than a set band) is used to back Hynde throughout effectively making this a solo album by Hynde only using the Pretenders name to satisfy contractual obligations.
 Some Births Are Worse Than Murders is the debut EP by The Blackeyed Susans released in March 1989 on Waterfront Records.The Blackeyed Susans was formed in Perth in 1989 as a side project for Martha's Vineyard Chad's Tree and the Triffids members including David McComb. They played eight gigs and recorded four songs before their day jobs forced them to put the project on hold. The songs became Some Births are Worse than Murders.
 Kalendervägen 113.D is a bonus EP included with the initial pre-order copies of Jens Lekman's 2007 album Night Falls Over Kortedala. It is a stripped-down 7-track medley of songs from Night Falls...
 Paradigm Shift is an album by various artists and recorded under the Nettwerk and Subconscious Communications record labels. It is Subconscious Communications' tenth release. The album also contains unreleased tracks that artist Dwayne Goettel never lived to see produced.
 Você não Perde por Esperar is an EP by Brazilian recording artist Wanessa. It was marketed entirely through digital download not released as a physical product. The project is a partnership between Wanessa and designer Planet Girls which is the poster girl to sell the songs in music ticket card method with code to download very commercialized in countries like the United States.
 No Parole from Rock 'n' Roll (1983) was the first album released by the American heavy metal band Alcatrazz led by veteran singer Graham Bonnet. It spent seven weeks on the Billboard 200 albums chart peaking at No. 128. It is considered by many to be the best Alcatrazz release and launched Yngwie J. Malmsteen into a glittering solo career. The album is most famous for the singles Island in the Sun and Jet to Jet.
 God Is Good is the fourth studio album by the band Om. It was recorded at Electrical Audio by Steve Albini and is the first studio album by Om to feature the new drummer Emil Amos.
 Women and Satan First is a 2012 album by wumpscut:.Artwork for the album cover was created by German 'photo artist' Thomas Buchta depecting Satan as an elderly naked man accompanied by female nudes in front of a tan backdrop.In November 2011 :wumpscut: announced the album with a remix contest inviting fans to download remix packs for 'Grobian' and 'Kill That Little Fuck' and then submit their mixes.A limited edition deluxe 'Satan Box' edition was released on the 6th April 2012 containing two CDs (a copy of the original album plus a disc of remixes) access to exclusive remix MP3 downloads (these remixes were made by fans in response to the competition) a shirt a flag a booklet a calendar and other related items.A limited edition 180 gram vinyl edition containing a poster booklet and download links for the tracks was also released in April 2012.
 Four Songs is the debut EP of London-born Alexi Murdoch. It was released in November 2002.Only 40000 copies have been made and it will soon become unavailable. It has become the top selling record on the online music store CD baby. The song Orange Sky has featured on the television shows Prison Break (the episode English Fitz or Percy) The O.C. the album Music From The O.C. Mix 1 the movie Garden State and Dawson's Creek.Blue Mind also features on Dawson's Creek.
 Say No More is an album from Christian rock band House of Heroes released on May 2 2006. While the CD is technically a full-length album it is mainly a re-release of the band's second album. Unlike House of Heroes this album was not released on Gotee Records. Instead it was released on Gotee's imprint label Mono Vs Stereo.
 The Music of Grand Theft Auto V is the soundtrack to the video game Grand Theft Auto V. The soundtrack was released on 24 September 2013 in three volumes including an original score composed for the game in addition to selections from songs that were licensed for the in-game radio. The game is the first in its series to include an original score; the work was shared between a team of producers who collaborated with each-other during the game's development.
 The third album released by Jon Kennedy and the first on which he has performed vocals.
 Because I Can is the debut album by American artist Katy Rose. Because I Can was also her first and final record with V2 Records. The album's main track was Overdrive and was featured on the teen hit movie Mean Girls which gained the song fame. Overdrive and another track from the album Lemon was also featured on the movie Thirteen. Katy wrote and co-produced (along with her father Kim Bullard) the entire album at only 16 years old.
 Stand Strong Stand Proud is the second studio album by Vice Squad. It is the final album to feature the band's original lineup. It was originally released in 1982 by Zonophone a division of EMI. Although it wasn't released by Riot City Records the band decided to use the Riot City name as it was a label they founded. It was later re-released by Dojo and Captain Oi! both with the same five bonus tracks.
 Big & Beautiful is the third hip-hop album by The Fat Boys released in April 1986. This would be their last for the Sutra label.
 Romance Revisited: The Love Songs of Jose Mari Chan is the fourth studio album by Filipino singer Christian Bautista released in the Philippines on August 20 2009 by Universal Records. The album consists of nineteen Jose Mari Chan-originals including duets with Sarah Geronimo Regine Velasquez Lani Misalucha and Chan himself. It includes a limited edition 2010 photo calendar of Bautista.
 Bouncing Souls Live is a live album by New Jersey punk rock band The Bouncing Souls. It was released on November 22 2005. It is their first full-length live release although they did previously release a live EP Tie One On.
 Riddim Driven: Party Time is the 31st installment of VP Records' Riddim Driven series. It was released in August 2002 on CD and LP. The album features various artists recorded over the Party Time riddim produced by Craig Left Side Parks and Stephen Lenky Marsden.
 Sirenian Shores is an EP by the Norwegian gothic metal band Sirenia. It includes a remix of Save Me from Myself (from the second album An Elixir for Existence) an acoustic version of Meridian (from the first album At Sixes and Sevens) and three new songs: Sirenian Shores Obire Mortem and a cover of Leonard Cohen's First We Take Manhattan. The EP was released on 11 October 2004 by Napalm Records.
 The Pines & the Devil is a 7-inch vinyl EP from Portugal. The Man. It was put out right after Waiter: You Vultures! and includes two new songs that were later added to the digital EP Devil Say I I Say AIR.
 Dreamscapes is a limited edition eight-CD set of rare Alphaville recordings released in 1999. It features 124 tracks with a total playing time of around 9.5 hours. 43 of the songs had never been available before and all of the remainder had been remixed. The four double CDs were packaged in a large (A4-sized) box and accompanied by a large 64-page booklet containing lyrics rare photographs and original short fiction.
 Zombie Prostitute... is an EP by the Dark Wave/dark cabaret artist Voltaire released in 2006 by Projekt Records.All the songs apart from China Girl appeared on Ooky Spooky. Zombie Prostitute... appeared in the same form. Día de los Muertos appeared translated to English meaning Day of the Dead.
 The Greatest Hits is Lil Suzy's final physical release to date. It was released in 2002. Her biggest single hits along with some other tracks from her albums are compiled on this collection.
 Lagrimas Son is the eighth studio album by the Mexican group Los Freddy's. The album was released in 1971. It was the band's first album with Arturo Cisneros as the lead singer on every track.
 Collectible Spoons is a greatest hits collection by the Burlington band Spoons. It includes material from their first four albums on Ready Records (including a couple of tracks from their lesser-known debut album Stick Figure Neighbourhood) but ignores the last two (much more guitar-driven) albums Bridges Over Borders and Vertigo Tango on Anthem Records. This CD is now out-of-print.
 The Peel Sessions is an EP by Joy Division. It was released in 1986 on the Strange Fruit label. It features the recordings made for the for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 show transmitted on 14 February 1979. The recordings were made at the BBC Studios Maida Vale London on 31 January 1979. None of the songs had been released before the transmission.The EP spent thirteen weeks on the UK Indie Chart peaking at number 4.
 Morrison Hotel (sometimes referred to as Hard Rock Café from the title of the first side of the LP whose second side is titled Morrison Hotel) is The Doors' fifth album. It was released in 1970. After their experimental work The Soft Parade was not as well-received as anticipated the group went back to basics and back to their roots. On this album there is a slight steer toward blues which would be fully explored by the band on their next album L.A. Woman.
 Love's Theme Song Kiss (Chinese: 愛的主打歌·吻; pinyin: Ai De Zhu Da Ge Wen) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Elva Hsiao's fifth Mandarin studio album. It was released on 1 November 2002 by Virgin Records Taiwan a sub-label of EMI Music Taiwan.The track 愛的主打歌 (Love's Theme Song) is listed at number 9 on Hit Fm Taiwan's Hit Fm Annual Top 100 Singles Chart (Hit-Fm年度百首單曲) for 2002.
 Take Fountain is the seventh studio album by The Wedding Present. It was released in the UK on February 14 2005 through Scopitones Records and a day later in the US through Manifesto Records.David Gedge originally recorded Take Fountain as the fourth Cinerama album but after the break-up of his relationship with fellow Cinerama founder Sally Murrell Gedge decided that this darker record should be released under his Wedding Present name.
 Nurse Grenade is the debut extended play (EP) by Australian electro-industrial band Angelspit. Released 3 October 2004 through the band's website. It was later re-mastered and re-released in February 2007 in a new disk-like tin case.
 Slaughter of the Soul is the fourth studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band At the Gates released on November 14 1995. It was their last album before their eleven year breakup from 1996 to 2007.
 The End of an Error is the second album by pop-punk band Houston Calls released on October 14 2008 on Drive-Thru Records. The band began recording demos for the album in 2007 as a follow-up to their debut album A Collection of Short Stories. Previously signed to Rushmore Records the band signed to Drive-Thru to release their new record. The album was recorded over a one-month span in the spring of 2008 at The Waiting Room Studios in North Hollywood California.
 Filarmonico Kraken is the name of an live album by Colombian group Kraken It was released on December 15 2007 by Athena Productions.
 Voyage is an instrumental jazz duet album by American pianist Chick Corea and American flautist Steve Kujala released in 1984 with ECM. The album marked a musical departure by Corea from the RTF jazz supergroup he formed in the 1970s.
 The Mandé Variations is a studio album by Toumani Diabaté. Unlike many of his recordings which feature large ensembles it consists of solo Kora throughout. The influences range from traditional Kora pieces to modern Western music.
 NonStop! The Album is the first album by German Eurodance group Fun Factory.The original lead singer Balca appears only in one music video titled Groove Me. Due to a disagreement she separated from the group but still remained in the shadows. Because she was under a contract she still had to continue singing for the band. Although she was replaced by a French diva Marie-Anett Mey. According to sources Balca was not even paid for singing these Fun Factory songs.
 Bangla Band Chandrabindoo released their fifth studio album called Daknam (Lit: Nickname) in 2002 under the EMI banner.
 Night Music is an 1994 album by Joe Jackson on Virgin Records. The album did not chart. Soon after the album's release Jackson moved to the Sony Classical label.
 Teeth Dreams is the sixth studio album by American indie rock band The Hold Steady released March 25 2014 on Washington Square/Razor & Tie. Produced by Nick Raskulinecz the album is the first to feature guitarist Steve Selvidge who joined the band in 2010 to tour in support of the band's previous album Heaven is Whenever (2010).
 Dirty Harriet is the debut album by Rah Digga released in 1999. The album went on to sell over 396000 units in the United States and another 321000 copies sold worldwide.[citation needed]The album reached #18 on the Billboard 200 albums chart and #3 on the R&B albums.
 Sora Iro Nostalgie (空色ノスタルジー Sky-blue Nostalgia) is the second album under an independent label by Saori Atsumi.
 The Road is the debut full-length studio album by Staind frontman Aaron Lewis. His second country music effort it was released by Blaster Records on November 13 2012.
 Waiting for Daylight is the third album and second studio album by the Danish dance/house act Infernal released in 2000 in Denmark. It was later released as Muzaik in 2001 with a more pop music-oriented sound and a few bonus tracks.
 Let's Be Us Again is the fifth studio album released by the American country music group Lonestar. It was released in 2004 on BNA Records and has been certified gold by the RIAA in the United States. The album produced three singles for the group on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts: the title track (number 4) Mr. Mom (number 1) and Class Reunion (That Used to Be Us) (number 16).
 Metal Will Stand Tall is a 2006 album by The Poodles. The list of guest musicians and co-songwriters are like Holly Knight Mats Leven Tommy Denader Jonas Reingold and Marcel Jacob.
 Tears is New Zealand pop group The Crocodiles's first album. Both the album and title track were released in April 1980. Both reached #17 on the New Zealand album and singles charts respectively that year. The band's second single Whatcha Gonna Do however wasn't as successful failing to chart. That year they won 'Best Group' and 'Most Promising Group' at the New Zealand Music Awards.
 Organum is the ninth album of composer Peter Michael Hamel released in 1986 through Kuckuck Schallplatten.
 Sincerely Wasting Away is Diffuser's third album. It was released on August 19 2008 by Chamberlain Records
 Eyes Set Against the Sun is the third full length album by the electronic artist Mira Calix. It was released by Warp Records in 2007.
 96 Tears is the debut album by the garage rock band Question Mark & the Mysterians released in 1966. A re-recorded version was eventually released on the label Collectables in 1997.96 Tears peaked at #66 on Billboard's Pop Albums chart.[citation needed] The rumor that it charted at #96 is an urban legend.First pressings have a misprinted Side 2 label listing the last track as Tears instead of 96 Tears.
 The Premiere Collection Encore is a compilation album by Andrew Lloyd Webber released in 1992.
 And That's Not All... is a Bananarama videos compilation from 1984 which features the music videos that were to the singles from the Deep Sea Skiving and Bananarama albums. The video also featured two extra tracks The Wild Life a non-UK released single was as well as the Bananarama album track State I'm In which was slated for a single release but was later cancelled. The video also featured snippets and behind the scenes footage of the girls.
 Distant Earth is André ATB Tanneberger's 8th studio album which was released on the 29th of April 2011 by Kontor Records. It features 2 CDs in the standard edition 3 CDs in the limited edition and 3 CDs + 5 ATB signed postcards + ATB bracelet in the FanBox Limited Edition (which can be ordered on Amazon and it is limited to 2000 copies).
 Before the Rain is the third album by the British R&B vocal group Eternal released in March 1997. The album includes the single I Wanna Be the Only One (a duet with BeBe Winans) which became Eternal's first and only number one hit in the United Kingdom.The album features lead vocals from Vernie Bennett and Kéllé Bryan unlike their previous two albums which had featured Esther Bennett doing the majority of the lead vocals. It was the last album to feature Bryan who was sacked in 1998.
 Viva La Banda is the 11th album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro It was released in 1990Caray is a song by Juan Gabriel.
 Dawn is the third full-length album by Mount Eerie. It was officially released 1 November 2008 on P. W. Elverum & Sun. The songs were all written by Phil Elverum during the winter of 2002–03 which he spent alone in a cabin in a remote part of Norway.The album was released on CD concurrently with an 144-page hardcover book and 16 color photo cards. The book includes Elverum's journal entries and drawings from his Norway trip. The book is bound in paper that gives the feeling of wood.
 Winter Poem is the 2011 and the 7th album by Secret Garden. Primarily an instrumental album it features three songs with guest vocals: Moya Brennan of Clannad fame on The Dream Fionnuala Gill on Mary’s Lament and Tracey Campbell and Espen Grjotheim on Powered By Nature.The lyrics to Mary’s Lament were written by Brendan Graham.
 Introducing Paul Bley is the debut album by Canadian jazz pianist Paul Bley recorded in 1953 and released on Charles Mingus' Debut label.
 Sand On Seven is the debut of album of Australian indie band Not From There. The album received warm critical reception and won the ARIA for Best Alternative Release in 1999 [1]. Sich Offnen and Abgedroschen are sung entirely in lead singer Heinz Riegler's native tongue German save the bridge of Sich Offnen. It is now out of print.
 7 Walkers is an album by the rock band 7 Walkers. The group's only album it was released on CD and LP on November 2 2010.The band 7 Walkers was formed in 2009 by former Grateful Dead drummer Bill Kreutzmann and guitarist and singer Malcolm Welbourne better known as Papa Mali along with multi-instrumentalist Matt Hubbard and bass player Reed Mathis.
 The Very Best of Neil Sedaka is a 2001 compilation album issued by RCA Records as part of their commemorative 100th Anniversary series of albums celebrating their biggest stars. This album features some of Sedaka's best-known hits during his days with RCA recorded from 1958-1963.
 Killing the Dragon is the ninth studio album by the American heavy metal band Dio. It was released May 21 2002 through Spitfire Records and was produced by frontman Ronnie James Dio. The album was reissued in 2007 in a 2-CD package with Magica.
 Right-On is the third album of jazz and pop standards by Swiss jazz drummer Charly Antolini featuring UK tenor sax player Dick Morrissey.
 Devout/The Modern Hymn is the only album from punk band Scatter The Ashes. It was released on May 25 2004. It gained favourable reviews from numerous music blogs.
 How High is the Sky (released 14 November 2011 in Oslo Norway by label Bolage – BLGCD 018) is a Jazz album by the Norwegian jazz singer Kjersti Stubø Quartet feat. «MiNensemblet»
 Rocket to You! '93-'99 is a compilation album released by The Manges in 1999 and one of the first albums to be released by the band in the United States.
 Mister Whiskers - Monkey Business was released in 1999 under ABC Music's (ABC For Kids) on compact Disc.
 Birds is the second album by the English cross-disciplinary musical ensemble North Sea Radio Orchestra. It was released on December 1 2008 on Oof! Records.
 Reptilians is the third studio album by the Portland based indie rock band Starfucker released on March 7 2011 on Polyvinyl Records.
 For the Soulfly video see The Song Remains Insane (video).The Song Remains Insane is the tenth album by Dread Zeppelin released in 1996. It is a double live album from their tour recorded in Paris Tokyo Sydney Copenhagen and Las Vegas.
 Water Street is a 2008 album by Canadian hip hop group Sweatshop Union.
 The 69 Eyes: Hollywood Kills - Live at the Whisky a Go Go is a live album released by Finnish band The 69 Eyes. It was released January 16 2008 through Virgin Finland. This is the first live album the band has made. A slightly altered version is included on the bonus disc of the 69 Eye's 2009 album Back in Blood.It was recorded March 2006 on the last show of their first North American tour.
 Weaver of Forgotten is the fourth official album released by Italian melodic death metal band Dark Lunacy.
 Från nu till evighet is an album by the Swedish singer Carola Häggkvist. It was released in May 2006 in Sweden and Norway. On the album charts the album peaked at number 1 in Sweden number 22 in Finland and number 25 in Norway.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Steely Dan released in 1978. It has sold over two million units in America.The double album includes tracks from the band's first six studio albums and includes a previously unreleased song Here at the Western World which was recorded during the sessions for The Royal Scam but not included on that album.
 The Johnny Maestro Story is a collection of songs recorded by Johnny Maestro backed by both The Crests and The Brooklyn Bridge.
 Merry Christmas is the first Christmas album recorded by Australian recording artist Kate Ceberano and was certified Gold The album included a duet with Ronan Keating.
 Level Headed is the sixth album by Sweet. It features Love Is Like Oxygen the band's last original single to hit the top 40 on both sides of the Atlantic peaking at #8 in the US and #9 in the UK. The single version of Love Is Like Oxygen is substantially shorter than the album version and the US version has only the first verse shorter intermezzo and the funk outro.
 The Bells of Dublin is an album of Christmas songs and traditional carols by the Irish band The Chieftains.
 All the Best Cowboys Have Chinese Eyes is the third official solo album by English rock musician and songwriter Pete Townshend guitarist for The Who.It was produced by Chris Thomas (who also produced Empty Glass) and was recorded by Bill Price at Eel Pie A.I.R. and Wessex studios in London England.The album contains some compositions salvaged from later albums by The Who.
 Golden Eggs is a bootleg recording of the English rock group The Yardbirds released by Trademark of Quality. Although it was actually a pirate recording as it consisted entirely of previously released material much of that material was hard to find at the time of release in 1975 as it had been deleted. Consequently the bootleg was successful and inspired a sequel More Golden Eggs. Both albums featured cover artwork by William Stout.
 Soldier of Fortune is Japanese heavy metal band Loudness' eighth studio album and their first with American vocalist Mike Vescera. It's the third Loudness album produced by Max Norman after Thunder in the East in 1985 and Lightning Strikes in 1986. The album is co-produced by Fates Warning's producer Roger Probert. Despite the good critical reception and the strong support given by the label the album failed to chart in the USA.
 Fathers and Sons is the seventh studio album by American blues musician Muddy Waters originally released as a double LP by Chess Records in August 1969.The album features both studio and live recordings recorded in April 1969 with an all-star band including Michael Bloomfield and Paul Butterfield of the Paul Butterfield Blues Band Donald Duck Dunn of Booker T.
 The Eye is a concept album by King Diamond released in 1990. It continues to feature a major storyline such as other King Diamond albums though it is told differently.
 Let It Snow is an EP by Canadian artist Michael Bublé released in the United States on November 25 2003. It was later re-released in the United States on October 8 2007 and in the United Kingdom on October 16 2007. The EP was made available as a digital download and CD in the United States however the CD release in the UK was exclusive to HMV stores.
 Everything Everything is a live album by Underworld released 4 September 2000 on Junior Boy's Own. The album is named after the lyrics in one of the songs Cowgirl.A companion DVD was released separately soon after the album's release. The DVD features live footage of the band mixed with videography and artistic effects by the design group Tomato with Jono Griffith of Ernest Edits as 'Creative Editor'.
 Peace Sign is the thirteenth album by guitarist/vocalist Richie Kotzen.
 Portraits (So Long Ago So Clear) is a 1996 compilation album of works by Greek electronic composer and artist Vangelis.The album features some of the most-renowned Vangelis' solo work as well as songs from Jon & Vangelis his collaboration with Yes vocalist Jon Anderson.
 Pornography is the fourth studio album by English alternative rock band The Cure released on 3 May 1982 by the record label Fiction. Preceded by the non-album single Charlotte Sometimes late the previous year Pornography was the band's first album with a new producer Phil Thornalley and was recorded at RAK Studios from January to April.
 We Can't All Be Angels is the third studio album released by American country music artist David Lee Murphy. It was also his final studio album for MCA and it produced two singles on the Hot Country Songs charts: All Lit up in Love and Just Don't Wait Around 'Til She's Leavin'.The album's title track is also included on the soundtrack to the 1998 film Black Dog.
 Tomorrow is Alright is a 2009 album by American band Sonny & The Sunsets.
 Footrot Flats: The Dogs Tail Tale is the soundtrack to the New Zealand film Footrot Flats: The Dogs Tail Tale.
 I Don't Care: The Album is the second and final album by rap duo Audio Two. It was released on April 18 1990 for First Priority Records distributed by Atlantic Records and was produced by members Milk D DJ Gizmo along with The King of Chill. I Don't Care: The Album was not a success only peaking at #74 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and producing no charting singles.
 Five Men Live is a Talisman live record a part of a double package that Frontiers Records released with the band.
 The Guild Collection Vol. 2 was a limited edition Caedmon's Call release to members of the band's subscription fan club (The Guild). Fairly rare and long out of print this album has become sought after on the second-hand market.
 Million Dollar Legs is the second album by The New Tony Williams Lifetime released in 1976 on Columbia Records. The album features the jazz fusion drummer Tony Williams with Allan Holdsworth Alan Pasqua and Tony Newton.
 I Give You My Word is the fifth studio album by American rapper San Quinn. The album features production from Tone Capone One Drop Scott Cozmo and Icey Mike Beats as well as appearances from E-40 Keak da Sneak and Juvenile.
 Sijedi starac (English translation: White Haired Old Man) is the first studio album by Bosnian singer Halid Bešlić. It was released in 1981.
 Dave Van Ronk and the Ragtime Jug Stompers is an album featuring Dave Van Ronk playing with a jug band.
 Mielenrauhaa is the debut solo studio album by Finnish singer-songwriter Aki Sirkesalo. Released by Sony Music Entertainment in January 1995 the album peaked at number five on the Finnish Albums Chart and spawned some of his best-known songs such as Naispaholainen Hikinen iltapäivä and Pelkkää kuvitelmaa a Finnish-language cover version of The Temptations song Just My Imagination (Running Away with Me).
 Jerky Boys 3 is the third comedy album by prank call artists the Jerky Boys. The album was released on August 20 1996 and was the first Jerky Boys album released on the Mercury Records label.In 1995 prior to the release of this album the Jerky Boys took a year off before signing with Mercury Records and recording this album. Also it was the first time they had added responses to ads they had put in the paper.
 Let's Fall in Love is an album compiling singles recorded by Fran Warren (originally on RCA Victor Records) from 1947 to 1951. It was released by Dutton Vocalion on Compact Disc on April 8 2003.
 Solace is the second album from Australian roots musician Xavier Rudd released in Australia on 28 March 2004 and which debuted in the top twenty of the ARIA album chart on 5 April 2004. It is his first record distributed by a major label with distribution by Universal Music Australia.
 Bobby Vinton's All-Time Greatest Hits is a two-LP collection of previously recorded songs by Bobby Vinton released in 1972 by Epic Records. It reached #119 on the Billboard Hot 200 list of popular albums. It consists completely of singles by Vinton that were released by Epic.
 Egg Hunt was a one-off band/project of long time friends and musicians Ian MacKaye and Jeff Nelson former singer and drummer of the hardcore punk band Minor Threat respectively. During a 1986 trip to England's Southern Studios to discuss possible European distribution of Dischord releases with owner John Loder the three decided to make a record together and the project was dubbed Egg Hunt for festive reasons (it was Easter time).
 Fit to Serve is the third album by American singer-songwriter A. J. Croce released in 1998 (see 1998 in music).
 Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by Danish percussion duo Safri Duo released on 21 June 2010. It is released nearly ten years after Safri Duo scored an international hit single with Played-A-Live (The Bongo Song) in 2001 which became the fourth fastest selling single ever in Europe selling over 1.5 million copies worldwide. The compilation album contains songs from the duo's three commercial studio albums Episode II (2001) 3.0 (2003) and Origins (2008).
 Reset is an EP by Flying Lotus released on October 1 2007 on Warp Records. Tracks from this EP primarily Massage Situation have been played on Adult Swim during bumps.
 Gods and Monsters is the debut studio album of Gary Lucas released in 1992 through Enemy Records.
 Greatest Stories Live is the first live album by the American singer/songwriter Harry Chapin recorded over three nights in Los Angeles California and released in 1976. Certain elements had to be re-recorded in the studio due to technical problems with the live recordings. The original LP release featured three new studio tracks two of which (She Is Always Seventeen and Love Is Just Another Word) were omitted from the CD release.
 12 Crass Songs is the fourth album by anti-folk artist Jeffrey Lewis. It was released on October 1 2007 on Rough Trade Records. The title is literal as all 12 songs on the album were written and first recorded by the band Crass.
 That's the Way of the World is a 1975 album by Earth Wind & Fire released on Columbia Records. It was also the soundtrack for a 1975 motion picture of the same name which featured several of the band members in cameo roles. Included on the album was the single Shining Star which was a #1 U.S. pop and R&B hit. Another popular single was the title track which reached #12 on the pop chart.
 Going to a Go-Go is a 1965 album by the Miracles the first to credit the group as Smokey Robinson and the Miracles. It includes four of the Miracles' Top 20 hits: Ooo Baby Baby The Tracks of My Tears Going to a Go-Go and My Girl Has Gone.
 Nighttime Anytime is an EP album by the Constantines released July 8 2003 on the Sub Pop record label. The first two tracks are songs that were later released on the album Shine a Light. The third track is a Talking Heads cover and the final track is an alternate instrumental version of Hotline Operator that differs from the track of the same name found on Tournament of Hearts.
 Better Days is the debut album by American blues artist Susan Tedeschi originally released in 1995 but later re-released in 1998 after she found national success with Just Won't Burn.
 Fred Schneider and the Shake Society is an album by Fred Schneider.
 Son of a Preacher Man is the second solo studio album by American country music artist John Rich one half of the duo Big & Rich. Rich wrote or co-wrote all of the songs on the album. Originally slated for a May 2009 release on Warner Bros. Records the same label to which Big & Rich are signed Son of a Preacher Man was released on March 24 2009.
 Psychedelic Jungle is the second LP by the American garage punk band The Cramps. It was released on IRS Records. It was engineered by Paul McKenna and recorded at in January 1981 at A&M Studios. It was self-produced by The Cramps. The back photo on the cover of the album was taken by noted photographer and director Anton Corbijn.
 Ja imam šarene oči (I have colorful eyes) is the first EP by the Serbian alternative rock band Disciplina Kičme released by the Slovenian record label Dokumentarna in 1985. A remastered version of the EP was rereleased on CD on the compilation album Ove ruke nisu male... 1 in 2000.
 70 Years of Hits is a compilation album by Frankie Yankovic released through Our Heritage Records in 1985. In 1986 the album won Yankovic the Grammy Award for Best Polka Recording.
 Beauty and the Beat! is a 1959 album (see 1959 in music) by Peggy Lee accompanied by the George Shearing Quintet.
 Believe is an LP released by Th' Legendary Shack Shakers on October 4 2004.
 Geek! is the debut EP by the alternative rock band My Bloody Valentine released in December 1985 on Fever Records. It is the band's first release to feature bassist Debbie Googe.
 Boulevard was a 1976 album by Canadian singer-songwriter Murray McLauchlan.
 Diamond Dave is the sixth full-length studio album by David Lee Roth vocalist of Van Halen. It was released in 2003 on Magna Carta.
 Only a Woman Like You is an album by Michael Bolton released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).The album constituted a comeback for Bolton peaking at #36. Nevertheless the album's success could by no way be compared to the success of his previous efforts. The album failed to gain any certification selling about 400000 copies in the US and less than 1 million globally.
 Office of Future Plans is the first studio album by the band Office of Future Plans. It was released on November 21 2011.
 Lost Tracks is a compilation album by American new wave band Missing Persons released in 2002. Compiled by former Missing Persons guitarist Warren Cuccurullo it contains a selection of previously unreleased studio and live recordings.
 Tacy sami is a 1988 album by Lady Pank.Lyrics by:Grzegorz Ciechowski (Zostawcie Titanica)Zbigniew Hołdys (Mała wojna)Jacek Skubikowski (Tacy sami)
 Blood Sweat & Steel is the second studio album of Canadian country music group The Road Hammers. Released on June 24 2008 it also serves as their debut album in the United States. Its lead-off single I Don't Know When to Quit peaked at #51 on the Hot Country Songs chart giving the group their first single in the United States. The album includes ten songs previously released on The Road Hammers.
 Bone Brothers IV is a mixtape from the American hip-hop duo Bone Brothers released by Sicness.net. Both members Bizzy Bone and Layzie Bone has stated they did not know this project would be released and that the material is from years back.
 A Black Box is an album by Peter Hammill originally released on S-Type Records in August 1980.Hammill performed nearly all the instrumentation himself including the drum parts a task he had first undertaken on his previous album pH7.
 The Cult is the self-titled sixth studio album from English rock band The Cult. It was released in October 1994 on Beggars Banquet Records and it is also the band's last album on Sire Records in the USA. The record also features one of the very rare times when Ian Astbury and Billy Duffy have shared songwriting credit with anyone: bassist Craig Adams is credited as co-author of Universal You.
 Cult is the ninth album by Norwegian electronic dance music producer Aleksander Vinter and his seventh under the alias Savant. It was released on July 7 2013. Savant also released 4 extra tracks for free on his Facebook fanpage to go with the album.
 Black Cherry is Kumi Koda's 5th studio album. Much like the two best collections before it this album came in three editions; a CD only a CD+DVD and a CD+2DVD version. The first DVD included all but one of Koda's post: second session solo PVs (Futari de…) and the second DVD featured a drama called Cherry Girl which starred Koda in her first acting role as a main character.
 ABBA Live is an album of live recordings by Swedish pop group ABBA released by Polar Music in 1986 (see 1986 in music).A live album was something that many ABBA fans had demanded for several years. ABBA themselves had toyed with the idea on a couple of occasions but always decided against it. Finally four years after the members went their separate ways a live collection was released after all.
 Mõistus on kadunud is the second album by Estonian rock band Smilers to be released in Estonia. Tantsin sinuga taevas is one of their most famous songs. The cover is a reference to the song Smilers'i planeet and features a Mir.
 Mince na dne fontán (English: Coins on the Bottom of Fountains) is the fourth album by Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1983.
 Traveling Light is the debut album by Courtney Jaye and was released by Island Records on June 7 2005. The album peaked at #22 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers on June 25 2005.The song Can't Behave was featured in the 2006 film Aquamarine.
 Overwhelmed is the fourth album in the Worship series of Christian Contemporary music by Hillsong Church.
 From Bethlehem to Oblivion is the first EP and fourth release overall by Rockville Maryland band Polkadot Cadaver.
 Trigeration Station was the first album by San Diego rapper Mitchy Slick.
 It Was All a Dream is the third studio album by Southern rapper Lil' Keke. It was released on July 14 1999 and is now out of print. But in 2004 there was a Rap Classics version made. Guest appearances include 8Ball Big Hawk Big Pokey Archie Lee Mr.3-2 Hot Boys SPM Herschelwood Hardheadz and more.
 Life Begins at 40 Million is an album produced by Jerry Harrison of the Talking Heads. It was by far the more commercially successful of the two Bogmen albums. The most successful single from this album Suddenly was featured on MTV.
 Cruel Intentions is the compilation soundtrack to the 1999 film of the same name. The film's soundtrack peaked at #60 on The Billboard 200.
 Crisis in Clay is a studio album by the American avant-rock group 5uu's which was released in 1997.
 Scrolls of the Megilloth is the second studio album by Christian extreme metal band Mortification. The band's most famous release this album is full-on death metal with the thrash metal roots barely showing and possibly their most extreme album to date.
 The Kings of Jazz featuring Kenny Davern Live in Concert 1974 is technically a Kenny Davern album though the ensemble of musicians accompanying him on this recording add just as much as he to the overall output; Davern was not leader here. Included on the recording are artists like Dick Hyman and Pee Wee Erwin to mention just a few. This is some classic dixieland music with top-notch performers of the medium.
 Sundown on the Forest is an album by the rock group Kingfish. It was recorded over a period of several years with different combinations of musicians and released in 1999.
 Bells of Doom is a compilation album of Swedish Symphonic metal band Therion released by the official fan club (now called Therion Society) in 2001. The album was originally available for Therion Society members only but is now available to anyone in Therion's Official online store. It contains rare tracks from early recordings of the band.
 Live! is a live album by Chuck Berry released in 2000 by Columbia Records.
 Long Distance Calling is the third studio album by German post-rock/post-metal band Long Distance Calling. It was released on February 17 2011 through Superball Music and earned the band their first chart entry. The song Middleville features John Bush on vocals.
 Ahmad Jamal at the Blackhawk is a live album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in San Francisco in 1962 and released on the Argo label.
 All Around the World is the third studio album by Jason Donovan released in 1993. The album was Donovan's first on Polydor Records and his first since parting with producers Stock Aitken Waterman. It featured the singles Mission of Love (written by ex-Halo James vocalist Christian James)(UK #26) As Time Goes By (UK #26) and All Around the World (UK #41). The style of the album marked a change of direction from his previous work.
 Ladies & Gentlemen: The Best of George Michael is a DVD by George Michael released in 1999. It includes 23 music videos and an interview with Michael Parkinson as well as a documentary profiling George Michael's career.
 Staind: iTunes Originals is a compilation album by the American rock band Staind. It was released December 16 2008 on Atlantic/WEA exclusively through iTunes. It contains six exclusive live tracks recorded specifically for the release. It has a short interview track between each song. It also contains eight album versions of other songs.
 Violent by Design is the second album by underground hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks. Despite never reaching any Billboard album chart the album sold 50000 copies in its first week on shelves. The album was originally released on JMT's self-run Superegular Records on October 3 2000. JMT's current label Babygrande Records re-released the album on May 25 2004.
 Home Is Where the Van Is an album by The Battlefield Band was released in 1980 on the Temple Records label. The album the band's U.S. debut continued the Scottish group's affinity for blending modern instrumentation into the country's folk tradition. Several songs from the album notably featured band member Ged Foley on the Northumbrian smallpipes.
 Disappear Here is Hybrid's fourth studio album and is the first album since Wide Angle to include a third member Charlotte James. It was released on 28 March 2010 with a Widescreen Edition released on 22 November which included alternative and exclusive tracks. It was nominated for best album at the Breakspoll 2011 awards.The title of the album is a reference to Bret Easton Ellis's first novel Less Than Zero.
 Torch This Place is an album made in 1999 by The Atomic Fireballs. It is the band's only full-length studio release.
 Aisubeki Mirai e (愛すべき未来へ lit. To the Lovable Future) is the seventh studio album by Japanese group Exile released by Rhythm Zone on December 2 2009.
 Brigadoon is the third album by the rock group The Ancestors.
 Tanz der Lemminge (English: Dance of the Lemmings) is a double LP by German rock artists Amon Düül II which was released in 1971.In the Q & Mojo Classic Special Edition Pink Floyd & The Story of Prog Rock the album came #36 in its list of 40 Cosmic Rock Albums.
 Little Lights is an album by British folk musician Kate Rusby released in 2001.
 So Long Scarecrow is the second album by the rock band Scarling. Written and recorded in early 2005 and released on October 25 2005 it is the first Scarling. album to feature drummer Beth Gordon.
 Live is a live album by American recording artist Usher. It was recorded on October 15 and 16 1998 in the singer's hometown of Chattanooga Tennessee and released by LaFace Records on March 23 1999. Both audio-only and video longform versions were released; it was distributed to break up the gap between Usher's second and third studio albums My Way (1997) and 8701 (2001).Live received generally negative reviews from critics; many criticized the poor live sound of Usher's voice on the album.
 À L’Olympia is a live album and DVD by French electronic musician Émilie Simon released in February 2007. It includes songs from all of her albums. The album contains material taken from a concert in September 2006 at the Olympia. The DVD contains footage of the making of the album a video produced by her in Japan for “Dame de lotus” and all her three music videos to date.
 Let There Be Rock: The Movie – Live in Paris is a live double CD by the hard rock band AC/DC released as Disc Two and Disc Three of the Bonfire box set in 1997.It is also the soundtrack of the film.The album was recorded live at the Pavillon de Paris in Paris France on 9 December 1979 during the Highway to Hell World Tour. A motion picture of this concert entitled AC/DC: Let There Be Rock was released theatrically and on videotape in 1980 and on DVD on 7 June 2011.
 Bustin' Loose is a soundtrack album released by Roberta Flack in 1981. It was recorded for the movie of the same title starring Richard Pryor. Luther Vandross and Peabo Bryson contributed vocals to the album and Vandross wrote the song You Stopped Loving Me which he later performed himself on his debut album Never Too Much.
 L'Indigné (The Rebel) is a 20-CD box set compilation of the recorded studio albums of Léo Ferré for Barclay Records between 1960 and 1974. The limited edition box set was released to mark the 20th anniversary of Ferré's death. The box set brings for the first time together 18 albums remastered from the original records. Live albums and lyrics are not included.
 The Boat That Rocked is a soundtrack album to the 2009 British film of the same title a comedy about a fictitious British pirate radio station set in 1966. The soundtrack was released March 30 2009 through Mercury Records as a double album featuring popular rock pop and soul artists of the 1960s. It also includes David Bowie's 1983 song Let's Dance and a 2009 cover version of Stay with Me performed by Duffy with Lorraine Ellison's original 1966 version included as well.
 Infinity is the debut album released by the Japanese band Vivid. This was released in two different versions: a limited CD+DVD edition and a regular CD only edition. It is the band's first studio album and first album after going major with EPIC Records. The regular edition came with an extra track EVER. The song live your life was also used as a theme song for the multiplayer online role-playing game Dragon Nest.
 The Trip is a 1976 jazz album by saxophonist Art Pepper playing with George Cables David Williams and Elvin Jones.This album features The Trip one of Art Pepper's own melodies written in 1963 while in San Quentin. Pepper likened jazz to the storytelling that took place between the prisoners. As he says in the sleeve notes When I play... the sound that comes out of this thing this piece of metal is just me saying these things and taking people on a trip.
 Public Warning is the title of the debut album from UK hip hop artist Lady Sovereign released on 31 October 2006.
 Dig Your Own Grave was a CD/DVD EP released on 23 April 2006 by Test Icicles. It contained a CD of remixes and other previously unreleased material which was accompanied by a DVD of music videos and live footage from a gig at the LSE in London in November 2005. The EP was first sold on the band's final 5 show tour. Dig Your Own Grave then became available in record stores a week later.
 Greasy Truckers Party is a 1972 live album by various artists recorded at a February 1972 Greasy Truckers concert at the Roundhouse in London. The concert featured three bands Man Brinsley Schwarz and Hawkwind and musician Magic Michael. Originally a double vinyl album in a limited edition of 20000 and sold at just £1.50 it rapidly sold out and became a collector's item.In the world of British underground rock the Greasy Truckers Party ... ...
 Slippery When Wet is the third studio album by American rock band Bon Jovi. It was released on August 18 1986 through Mercury Records in North America and Vertigo Records internationally. The album was produced by Bruce Fairbairn. Recording sessions took place between January and July 1986 at Little Mountain Sound Studios in Vancouver Canada.Slippery When Wet was an instant commercial success.
 Post Historic Monsters is an album by British electronic rock artists Carter the Unstoppable Sex Machine. It reached #5 on the UK Charts becoming the band's second highest album after 1992 - The Love Album which reached #1.
 Sinatra: Vegas is a 2006 box set of live performances by the American singer Frank Sinatra recorded in Las Vegas.This box set covers some twenty years of Sinatra's performances in Las Vegas both at the Sands Casino and at Caesars Palace.
 Sound the Alarm is the tenth studio album by soul musician Booker T. Jones. It was released in June 2013 and features guest appearances from Gary Clark Jr. Estelle Anthony Hamilton and Vintage Trouble. The album marks Jones' return to Stax Records where he made his name with hits like Green Onions (1960) and his first for the label since Melting Pot in 1971.
 _wE Invaders is the second release and first EP by Canadian avant-garde extreme metal band uneXpect.
 Remix & Repent is a five-track EP from the Rock band Marilyn Manson.It was released on November 25 1997 during their Antichrist Superstar period. It features remixes of songs from Antichrist Superstar live tracks recorded during the Dead to the World tour and an acoustic version of Man That You Fear.
 Some Kind of Trouble is the third studio album from British singer-songwriter James Blunt. The album was released on 8 November 2010. On 6 December 2011 a deluxe version of the album was released titled Some Kind of Trouble: Revisited.
 Fight or Flight is the third EP by British rock band Turin Brakes. The EP was released by Source Records in 2000 on CD and 7 vinyl. Their debut album The Optimist LP was already almost finished but the record label decided the band should gain more exposure and therefore this EP was released. The title refers to an emergency reaction in which the body prepares for combat or escape from potentially dangerous situations animals or people.
 A Mouthful is the debut album by French/Finnish indie rock band The Dø released on 14 January 2008. Two singles were released from it “On My Shoulders” (2007) and “At Last!” (2008). The album was given its U.S. release in April 2010 featuring additional versions of three of the album's songs as bonus tracks.
 Happier Blue is an album by American singer/songwriter Chris Smither released in 1993. It won a National American Independent Record Distributors (NAIRD) award.
 Havana Candy is the second album by American vocalist and songwriter Patti Austin recorded in 1977 and released on the CTI label.
 Y2K: Funkin' Till 2000 Comz is an album by The Gap Band released in 1999 on Eagle Records. This was the last studio album of the band before they retired in 2010.
 Mélodie passagère - Alice canta Satie Fauré & Ravel is the tenth studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Alice released in 1988 on EMI Music.After the commercial success of the pop albums Park Hotel (1986) and Elisir (1987) the singer changed musical direction and set out on a tour in Italy and Switzerland performing works by fin de siècle composers Erik Satie Gabriel Fauré and Maurice Ravel in classical auditoriums and concert halls accompanied by pianist Michele Fedrigotti.
 VYP (Voice of the Young People) is the debut album by rapper Lil Mama released in April 2008 which includes the singles Lip Gloss G-Slide (Tour Bus) and Shawty Get Loose (featuring Chris Brown and T-Pain). The album's fourth single What It Is (Strike a Pose) was released in July 2008 replacing L.I.F.E. Producers for the album include Cool & Dre Scott Storch The Runners and Dr. Luke. VYP debuted at number 25 on the U.S.
 Clean Hands Go Foul is the fourth and final album by American drone metal band Khanate. It was released in May 2009 on Hydra Head Records.
 Hustle Town is the 2nd album released by Carlos Coy a.k.a. South Park Mexican. It was released on Dope House Records in 1998.
 The Tri-Tone Fascination is the second and final studio album by guitarist Shawn Lane released in 1999 through Eye Reckon Records; a second edition was reissued in 2000 containing a revised track listing (with the omission of two tracks) and different cover art. The opening track Kaiser Nancarrow was inspired by and named after composer Conlon Nancarrow.
 Spirit Fiction is a sixth solo album by jazz saxophonist Ravi Coltrane released on July 19 2012.
 Revenge of the King is an EP by Kula Shaker released on 31 March 2006 the first Kula Shaker release since the band reformed. It was originally only available as a download from iTunes; later it was released as a limited edition 10 vinyl EP sold only at concerts and through the band's website.
 Contra la Corriente (English: Against the Current) is the debut production album by reggaeton producer Noriega after releasing the previous year Mas Flow with Luny Tunes. Many of reggaeton biggest stars were included on the album including Alexis & Fido Tito El Bambino Zion & Lennox and Ivy Queen.
 The Best of Kiss Volume 2: The Millennium Collection is the only Kiss compilation album to cover their material from the 1980s. It compiles the period from late 1982-1989 skipping material from 1980's Unmasked and 1981's Music from The Elder.
 Marcos Hernandez was born in Phoenix Arizona and was raised in the Dallas/Ft. Worth area. He grew up singing in church and turned to popular music when KISS FM's Kid Kraddick came up with the idea for KISS FM to start a boy band out of the Dallas/Ft. Worth area. Hernandez was chosen to be in the band Sons of Harmony.
 Mother Love Bone (also known as Stardog Champion) is a compilation album by the American rock band Mother Love Bone. It was released on September 22 1992 through Stardog/Mercury Records.
 Life Album is Ikimono-gakari's second studio album. It was released in Japan on February 13 2008.
 Vindication is an album by the Norwegian black metal band Susperia. It is their second album and it was produced by Peter Tägtgren completely free of charge before closing down his studio.
 Subterranean is an MCD released by the Swedish melodic death metal band In Flames on 15 June 1995. It was remastered and re-released in 2003 by Regain Records. Dead Eternity is featured on The Jester Race with Anders Fridén as singer. The Inborn Lifeless also appears on The Jester Race but with a different name and lyrics (there titled Dead God in Me) and with an alternate ending and slightly different solo.
 Congliptious is a 1968 album by Roscoe Mitchell's Art Ensemble which later became the Art Ensemble of Chicago. It was released on the Nessa label and features performances by Mitchell Lester Bowie Malachi Favors and Robert Crowder. Tutankhamen is a bass solo by Malahi Favors Tkhke is an alto saxophone solo by Roscoe Mitchell and Jazz Death? is a trumpet solo by Lester Bowie with the full ensemble performing Congliptious/Old.
 Tria Tragoudia (Three Songs) is the third EP by Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki that was released in 2004. It was certified Gold by the IFPI.
 Genesis Revisited II is an album by musician Steve Hackett released on 22 October 2012 by Inside Out Music label. It is a sequel to his 1996 album Genesis Revisited and largely consists of reworked versions of songs originally by Genesis with a variety of guest vocalists.
 Help Wanted is the title of The Chi-Lites' 1998 album.
 Algiers is the seventh studio album from Tucson Arizona indie rock/Americana band Calexico released on 11 September 2012.The album's name comes from Algiers New Orleans which is where the album was recorded.
 Manteca is an album by jazz pianist Red Garland released in 1958 on Prestige Records. The CD reissue included a bonus track recorded during the same session.
 The Nirvana bootleg recordings are a number of audio CD recordings of musical performances by the American rock band Nirvana which were never officially released by the band or under any other legal authority. The recordings consist of both live performances and outtakes from studio sessions unavailable as a legal release.
 Nat King Cole Sings My Fair Lady is a 1963 album by Nat King Cole of songs from the 1956 musical My Fair Lady.
 Chanson du Vieux Carré : Connick On Piano Volume 3 (2007) is Harry Connick Jr.'s 3rd album from Marsalis Music. It is recorded with his big band and features mostly instrumental tracks except for two vocal tracks by band members Leroy Jones on Bourbon Street Parade and Lucien Barbarin on Lucious .There are two of Connick's original compositions: Chanson du Vieux Carre and Ash Wednesday. Chanson du Vieux Carré is also recorded on Connick's 2005 album Occasion.
 Live and Acoustic is a limited edition EP by the Canadian hard rock band Harem Scarem performing songs from their self-titled album and their second studio album either acoustically or in live performance the latter having been recorded at a concert on January 22 1994 in Toronto Ontario.
 Hips and Makers is the debut solo album by Kristin Hersh best known as the primary singer and songwriter of the band Throwing Muses. In contrast to Hersh's rock-oriented work with Throwing Muses the album is primarily acoustic with Hersh usually playing unaccompanied.
 Two By Four (released is a 1989 by EmArcy label) is a studio album by jazz bassist Marc Johnson released on the ECM label.
 Bivouac is the second album by American punk band Jawbreaker released on Tupelo Recording Company and Communion Records in 1992.
 Submarine is the debut EP by Arctic Monkeys lead singer Alex Turner. It was released on 18 March 2011 in the United Kingdom. The EP consists of six original songs by Alex Turner from the film Submarine and is released by Domino. Submarine the debut film from Richard Ayoade was based on the novel by Joe Dunthorne.
 Another Bag is an album by saxophonist James Moody recorded in 1962 and released on the Argo label.
 BR5-49 is the self-titled debut album of the American country music band BR5-49. The album was released in 1996 (see 1996 in country music) on the Arista Nashville label. Three singles were released from the album all of which charted on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. Cherokee Boogie the first of these three was the highest charting reaching #44.
 La Coleccion (The Collection in english) is a 2003 album by Master Joe & O.G. Black.
 A Kiss as Long as Eternity (Поцелуй длиною в вечность) is a Russian album by Vitas (Витас) released in 2004. The album sold over 2 million copies within the first 6 months of its release. Vitas wrote the songs Mantra I Believe In Love and Internet Mood himself and A Kiss as Long as Eternity Half Night Half Day Heartbeat In Shorts and a T-shirt and Streets Of The Capital in collaboration with other songwriters.
 Hard 2 Love is the eighth full-length album released by Haystak on August 26 2008. Easy 2 Hate was releason on November 30 2010 as a sequel to Hard 2 Love. This album peaked on the Billboard 200 R&B/Hip-Hop Albums at 28 13 on the Heatseekers Albums 41 on the Independent Albums and 15 on the Rap Albums.
 Portrait Of Carrie is the fourth album by Carrie Lucas. Released in 1980 on the SOLAR Records label.
 Alphabravocharliedeltaechofoxtrotgolf is the first album by Australian New Wave group Models. The title alludes to the first seven letters of the NATO phonetic alphabet. The LP album cover claimed it was produced by no-one in fact it was recorded independently by engineer Tony Cohen and the group prior to signing with Mushroom Records.
 Sonny & Brownie is an album by the blues musicians Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee. It was recorded at the Paramount Recording Studios (in Hollywood California United States) in 1973 and re-released in 1988 with digital remastering by Rudy Van Gelder at the Van Gelder Recording Studio.
 Shaking the Tree: Sixteen Golden Greats was released in 1990 as Peter Gabriel's first greatest hits album including songs from his first solo album Peter Gabriel (I or Car) (1977) through Passion: Music for The Last Temptation of Christ (1989). It was remastered with most of Gabriel's catalogue in 2002.
 Beginnings is the title of Yes guitarist Steve Howe's first solo album. It was released in 1975.The five Yes band members each released a solo album in 1975/6. Members Alan White and Patrick Moraz from that line-up guest on Beginnings while Howe performed on White's Ramshackled album. The album also features former Yes band-member and drummer Bill Bruford on Pleasure Stole the Night and Break Away From It All.
 The soundtrack to Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones was released by Sony Classical on April 23 2002. The music was composed and conducted by John Williams and performed by the London Symphony Orchestra and London Voices. Shawn Murphy recorded and mixed the score with Peter Myles and Kenneth Wannberg serving as music editors. Williams himself produced the recording sessions.Four different album covers were featured with Anakin and Padme Jango Fett Yoda and the theatrical poster.
 Maya (stylised as /\/\ /\ Y /\) is the third studio album by English-Sri Lankan recording artist M.I.A. released on 7 July 2010 on her own label N.E.E.T. Recordings through XL Recordings and Interscope Records. Songwriting and production for the album were primarily handled by M.I.A. Blaqstarr and Rusko.
 Ship Arriving Too Late to Save a Drowning Witch is an album by Frank Zappa released in May 1982 and digitally remastered in 1991.
 Gothic Kabbalah is the thirteenth full-length musical album by Therion. It was released in Europe on January 12 2007. This album was mixed by Stefan Glaumann who already contributed to bands such as Rammstein Evergrey Europe and Def Leppard. The main line-up has been slightly changed since previous studio albums (Lemuria and Sirius B). Petter Karlsson returned to play drums having already played with the band during Lemuria / Sirius B tour during the period of 2004–2006.
 Our Little Corner of the World: Music from Gilmore Girls is a 2002 soundtrack release from Rhino Records for The WB's Gilmore Girls. The album is a combination of selections from the score composed by Sam Phillips and the music of other musicians heard mostly during the first two seasons of the show.
 Thin Man 1 is the 1999 debut album of second generation Beijing hard rock band Thin Man. The album brought Chinese rock music out of a commercial trough at the end of the 90s selling 100000 copies in three months from its issue in August 1999.
 Rie fu is J-pop singer Rie fu's self-titled debut album released in 2005.
 Konami Music Masterpiece Collection (コナミミュージック 名曲コレクション Konamimyūjikku meikyoku korekushon) is a compilation of 15 albums and songs of Konami videogames composed primarily of Konami Kukeiha Club. It was released exclusively in Japan on October 2004.
 Dorrough Music is the debut studio album by American rapper Dorrough. It was released on August 4 2009.The album debuted at number thirty-six on the U.S. Billboard 200 number six on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and number two on the Billboard Top Rap Albums chart selling 13000 copies in its first-week sales. His first three singles were released simultaneously including Walk That Walk Ice Cream Paint Job and Wired to the T.
 Astrology is the second album by the American heavy metal band CAGE.
 Abel/Kein is an album released by Unsraw on September 26 2007. It contains the songs from the previously released EP's Abel & Kein and 1 additional song.
 Iniquity Bloody Iniquity is a compilation album and the final release by Danish death metal band Iniquity released in 2003 before disbanding in 2004. The first three tracks and track 13 and 14 on this album were previously unreleased on CD.A 20-page booklet also came with the album it contains photos of the band a complete discography (including demos) with pictures of each album and there is a quote from a band member or friend on every page.
 So Cool is the debut album by Korean girl group Sistar. The album was released on August 9 2011. The song with the same title was used as the promotional song. The album contains 12 songs 5 new songs and a special version of the song Ma Boy released by the sub-unit Sistar19. The album was also released worldwide through iTunes.
 Kazna Božija (English: God's Punishment) is the twelfth studio album by Bosnian singer Lepa Brena released in 1994.This is her second of five solo albums without the band Slatki Greh.
 Irony (stylised as irony) is an album by ACO released in 2003.[1]
 Subdigitals is an album released by MoonScoop featuring songs by the fictional musicians The Subdigitals (formerly The Subsonics) in the French animated television series Code Lyoko. A World Without Danger was released as a physical CD single only in France but was later imported to the several United States online retailers including Amazon and eBay. Planet Net was released as a music video single in order to promote the release of the soundtrack.
 Wovoka is the fifth album by American band Redbone.
 This page is about the album by Mustard Plug. For other uses see In Black and White (disambiguation).In Black and White is the seventh album by Mustard Plug. It was recorded at the same studio as their Evildoers Beware. It was produced by Bill Stevenson who has also produced albums by the Descendents and NOFX.The album is somewhat darker than Mustard Plug's previous work.
 Wilful Days is a compilation album by Killing Joke released in 1995. It mostly contains non-album singles remixes and b-sides which were released throughout the 1980s.
 BK3 is the third solo album by rock guitarist Bruce Kulick. It was released by Twenty4 Records on February 2 2010.Bruce Kulick has been the lead guitarist for Grand Funk Railroad since 2001. He was the lead guitarist for Kiss from 1984 to 1996.BK3 reached number 12 on Billboard Top Heatseekers. Classic Rock listed BK3 on list of top 50 albums of 2010. Classic Rock named song Dirty Girl 29th song of 2010.
 Melodia is the fourth studio album by Australian alternative rock band The Vines. The album was produced by Rob Schnapf and subsequently released by Ivy League Records in Australia on 12 July 2008 and through retailer Insound in the United States on 22 July 2008. The album peaked at #12 on the Australian ARIA Charts.
 The End of Days is the eleventh album by steampunk band Abney Park and their third steampunk-themed album. The album was released on October 15 2010.
 White Snake is the first solo album by David Coverdale released in 1977. Coverdale would use the album title as the name of his future band first known as David Coverdale's Whitesnake and soon afterwards shortened to just Whitesnake. This album is often incorrectly called Whitesnake and should not be confused with the 1987 album of similar name.
 Washington D.C.'s Slickee Boys' fourth and final proper album (not including compilations or live releases) Fashionably Late was released (on LP and CD) in early 1988 by the French New Rose label. That summer they toured Europe (documented on their Live at Last album); soon afterwards founding member Kim Kane departed to focus on his newer band Date Bait.
 Don't Be Happy... Just Worry is a mini-album by The Wildhearts initially released in 1992 by Eastwest Records as a double EP. It was re-issued on 25 April 1994 as a single-CD and cassette mini-album both formats with all eight tracks.
 Ugly Ego is the third album by the funk/soul band Cameo released in 1978.
 Sweet Shadows is the debut album from US trip hop group Daughter Darling released in 2002. The album was nominated Best CD of 2003 at the Philly music awards.
 Groupies (Chinese: 吉他手) is Cheer Chen's third studio album released by Rock Records in 2002. It has been listed in the Top 200 Mandarin Albums by the Taiwanese Musician Institute (中華音樂人交流協會).
 The Best Yet is the first greatest hits album from alternative rock band Switchfoot released on November 4 2008.Columbia Records the band's former record label was the mastermind behind releasing the record with heavy input concerning the tracklist coming directly from the band itself. We want to make sure if it's got our name on it (that) it's a product we like lead singer Jon Foreman explained.
 Fantasy Land Tour 2004 in Taipei (奇幻樂園台北演唱會) was released on January 14 2005 and is S.H.E's first live album. The songs in this album are direct visual recordings from S.H.E's Taipei concert during their Fantasy Land Tour. Unlike their other CDs this cannot be played as one but is instead designed to run as a DVD.
 Hank Mobley is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley released on the Blue Note label in 1957 as BLP 1568. It was recorded on June 23 1957 and features Mobley Bill Hardman Curtis Porter Sonny Clark Paul Chambers and Art Taylor.
 Hillbilly Hit Parade is an album by American country music artist George Jones with various other country music artists. It was released in 1958 on the Starday Records label.
 Gonna Ball is the second album from the rockabilly band Stray Cats. It was released only in England[citation needed] in 1981 and was not as successful as Stray Cats. Five of the songs from it including Baby Blue Eyes and Little Miss Prissy were issued on the band's first American album Built for Speed.
 Anticipation is the sixth album by comedian Lewis Black. It was released on August 5 2008 on Comedy Central Records. The album consists of stand-up material he has used on his tours over a three-year period and was recorded on September 21 2007 in Wausau Wisconsin.The album cover features part of the word Anticipation while the back features the rest of the word. It was designed for people to think Black was anti-something.
 Duets: Friends & Legends is a studio album by Canadian country/pop artist Anne Murray. The album features seventeen of Murray's best-known songs re-recorded as duets with her favourite female singers. While the record mostly consists of new studio tracks Murray's duet with Celine Dion on When I Fall in Love was taken from a 1996 TV special.
 Kidz Bop Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits compilation in the Kidz Bop series. It was released June 9 2009.
 The Only Thing I Ever Wanted is the second album by Psapp. The album reached the UK Top 75 and the US Billboard 200 Albums selling in excess of 8000 copies in total.[citation needed]
 Sufriras Sin Mi (You'll Suffer Without Me) is the third studio album by the Mexican group Los Freddy's. The album was released in 1966.The album cover contains the same picture used on their first album cover. Pictured standing from left to right are Fernando Tapia José Luis Tapia and Valentín Terrones; crouched from left to right: Arturo Cisneros Artemio Chávez and Javier Virgen.
 Ghosts is the fourth album by the Denton Texas punk rock band The Marked Men released January 27 2009 by Dirtnap Records. Like their previous albums the band recorded produced and mixed it themselves in a converted shed in their hometown of Denton.The album received positive reviews from critics with most noting that its speed and the brevity of most of the songs necessitated repeat listens in order to notice its more intricate qualities.
 Take the Kids Off Broadway is the second full-length album by Foxygen released under Jagjaguwar Records on July 24 2012. The album was preceded by the release of the song Make It Known in May 2012.
 Ice Hockey Hair is an EP by the Welsh alternative rock band Super Furry Animals released in 1998. The record contains four songs which the band felt did not fit in with either their previous album 1997's Radiator or its follow-up Guerrilla. The title track refers to an alternative name for the mullet hairstyle. The EP's opening song Smokin' was commissioned by British television station Channel 4 for a programme about sloth presented by Howard Marks.
 Forever Reign is the second installment in the Hillsong Chapel praise and worship series by Hillsong Church which was released in Australia on 22 October 2012 by Hillsong Music Australia. It is an acoustic and devotional collection of Hillsong songs by the Hillsong team. Recorded live in March 2012 at St. Stephen's Anglican Church Forever Reign is the second installment in this organic contemplative expression of praise and worship.
 Crni ples (trans. Black Dance) is the third and last studio album by the Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Oktobar 1864 released in 1990.
 Isola is an album released in 1997 by the Swedish band Kent. It was followed in 1998 by an English version for which a new song Velvet was recorded. The album name comes from Ed McBains books about the 87:th police district and is a paraphrase for New York city and Isola is mentioned in the song Oprofessionell/Unprofessional. The album is said to have been largely influenced by Radiohead despite the difference in its sound.
 Milira is the self-titled debut studio album by American R&B singer Milira released in 1990 on Motown Records. It reached number 29 on Billboard's Top R&B Albums chart and scored two top 40 R&B singles Go Outside in the Rain and a cover version of Marvin Gaye's Mercy Mercy Me (The Ecology). The album also includes a cover of Aretha Franklin's Until You Come Back to Me (That's What I'm Gonna Do).
 Best Before 1984 is a compilation of Crass' singles and other tracks released in 1986 including lyrics and a booklet (...In Which Crass Voluntarily 'Blow Their Own') which details the history of the band in their own words. The album was named in reference to the notion that 1984 was the band's 'sell by date' the year that they had often publicly stated that they would split up.
 Out of This World was Maureen McGovern's ninth studio album (and her first album in four years) released in 1996.This is a cover album of 16 songs that were written or co-written by Harold Arlen. The third track is a two-song medley and the twelfth track is a three-song medley. The album was reissued in November of 2003 with two bonus tracks: Let's Fall In Love & Optimistic Voices.
 Garden of Prayer is a 1954 album of songs recorded by American singer Jo Stafford. Each of the eight tracks on this album has a religious or inspirational theme. It was released in 1954 by Columbia Records then reissued on CD in 2010 by Sinetone AMR and appears under two titles - either Garden of Prayer or Beautiful Garden of Prayer.
 Back to Times of Splendor is the full-length debut album by the German band Disillusion. It contains a concept-based story written by Vurtox; with each song dividing the story into separate conjoined sections (or chapters). The album received critical acclaim upon release and is considered by many to a modern metal classic.[citation needed]
 Funk Beat Riot is an album by Alec Empire under the alias Death Funk.
 An Evening With Freda Payne: Live in Concert is a recording of a live performance that Freda Payne made in Los Angeles on November 6 1993. In this performance Payne performs a variety of songs that were an important part in her career particularly tracks 6 through 10. Tracks 15 through 18 is a tribute to the many female jazz singers of the 1930s and 1940s. Live in Concert (released three years later) is an edited version of this album.
 On-Off is the fifth album in Marcin Rozynek's music career and third artist's solo album. It was released September 11 2006.
 Introducing... Belle & Sebastian is an EP released by Belle & Sebastian in 2008 on Jeepster Records. The EP was compiled from the band's earlier material ranging from their debut in 1996 to 2001.
 Parastish is the music album produced by Pakistani pop singer Ahmed Jahanzeb. The album was released in 2003. It contained many tracks that were major hits and his videos were exceptional quality that made them even more popular. The song 'Tu Jo Nahin' was originally done by German Trance DJ Ayla and was called Dreamland from the album Nirwana. Ahmed Jahanzeb took the music as it is and fused popular Urdu lyrics with it. However he does not mention this in the album notes.
 'Humanity EP' is a 2003 EP by New York synthpop duo Shy Child.It was a step in a new direction for the band who had previously produced progressive electronica. This EP is much more synthpop influenced.
 Hungry is the debut album by German power metal band Brainstorm released in 1997.On March 23 2007 this album and Unholy were remastered by Achim Köhler and re-released by Century Media with six bonus tracks and a revised cover.
 Union Terminology is the fourth studio album by underground rapper and Army of the Pharaohs member King Syze. Just like his previous album Collective Bargaining the album is produced entirely by Skammadix.
 Go Long Mule is an album by Uncle Dave Macon that was released in 1972.
 The Struggle Continues is the second album by the Swedish hip hop band Looptroop. It was released in 2002 by Burning Heart Records and is entirely produced by Embee.
 Very Best of Robert Palmer is a 1995 compilation album by British singer Robert Palmer. Re-issued in 1997 with the addition of Addicted To Love '97.
 Somos unos Animales is the second studio album by the Spanish hard rock band Extremoduro recorded in two weeks and released under the Pasión-Área Creativa label on July 1991.
 Kwyet Kinks is the third EP by The Kinks released in September 1965. Unlike most of their other EPs it contained all exclusive tracks and all were original compositions.The EP represented a significant departure as hinted at by the play on words title as all four tracks are 'quieter' than the typical early Kinks rock sound particularly lead track Wait Till The Summer Comes Along sung by Dave Davies with prominent acoustic guitar and a clear country or folk influence.
 Cannonball Takes Charge is an album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley released on the Riverside label featuring performances by Adderley with Wynton Kelly Paul Chambers and Jimmy Cobb with Percy and Albert Heath replacing Chambers and Cobb on two selections. The Allmusic review by Ken Dryden awarded the album 4 stars and states Cannonball Adderley is in top form on this 1959 release.
 Sonny Side Up is an album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie and the tenor saxophonists Sonny Stitt and Sonny Rollins recorded in December 1957 in New York City. It was released the following year on producer Norman Granz' just launched Verve label.Pianist Ray Bryant bassist Tommy Bryant and drummer Charlie Persip provide the rhythm section.
 Music Wonderland is a compilation album by Mike Oldfield released in 1981. The album has since been reissued worldwide on CD.Another compilation released the previous year Mike Oldfield's Wonderland with a similar title has not been reissued since and this is considered as the reissue of it although it has a different track listing.
 Church of Hawkwind is the twelfth studio album by Hawkwind released under the band name Church of Hawkwind in 1982. The name change reflects the fact that this was a musical departure for the band being a more experimental electronic offering rather than the usual heavy rock that the band were known for at the time.Dave Brock resurrects the Dr Technical alias which he had previously used for production of the band's 1972 hit single Silver Machine.
 Leftover Wine is a live album released by Melanie in 1970. The album was recorded at Carnegie Hall (except for the closing track Peace Will Come which was a studio recording that was released as a single).The album is also known as Live at Carnegie Hall and Live : Recorded at Margie's Birthday party.
 Hasten Down The Wind is a Grammy Award-winning 1976 album by singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt and her third straight million-selling album. Ronstadt was the first female artist in history to accomplish this feat. The album earned her a Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Performance Female in early 1977 her second of a record 11 Grammys.
 Miracle & Nightmare on 10th Street is a double disc collaboration album between American rappers J. Stalin & DJ Fresh aka The World's Freshest released on 16 July 2013. Both the Miracle and Nightmare discs were originally released as two separate albums. It peaked at #61 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and at #28 on the Heatseekers Albums chart. Miracle & Nightmare on 10th Street is The World's Freshest's first charting and only charting album to date and is also one of J.
 Innovations is a 1985 studio album released by Puerto Rican salsa group El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico. The album holds the distinction of being the first #1 release on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart established in June 1985.
 13 Other Dimensions was released by The Giraffes through the Seattle label My Own Planet on CD and vinyl in 1998. It is essentially a solo effort by Chris Ballew (ex-Presidents of the United States of America) recorded in Ballew's basement. The album was published as being a work by a fictional band composed of Ballew's childhood stuffed animals.
 Live is a live album by The Black Crowes released on August 20 2002. It was produced by Rich Robinson and recorded at the Orpheum in Boston MA on October 30 & 31 2001 (the last two shows before the band went on hiatus for a few years).
 The Swedish heavy metal band Therion recorded several demo albums. The following is a chronology of Therion demos:
 Tubular Beats is a remix album featuring collaborations between Mike Oldfield and York (Torsten Stenzel) that was released on 1 February 2013. Unlike with previous club mixes the album is a true two-sided collaboration between Oldfield and Stenzel making use of parts from the original multitrack tapes as well as new parts played by Oldfield.
 Mad for Music is the fourth studio album by Italian singer Alexia released in 2001 and would be her final studio album to be sung exclusively in English. It was her first album that she had a hand co-producing and the first released since her split with DWA and Robyx. Some of the tracks would be recorded in Italian and included on her 2002 album Alexia.
 Thief is the third studio album by Destroyer and the first recorded with a full band on every track. Thief is thought to be an attack on the music industry perhaps a response to the lack of success that Bejar's other band The New Pornographers were having after releasing their EP.
 Lady Day is a studio album by Amii Stewart released in 2004. The album is the Italian cast recording of a musical based on the life of American jazz and blues singer Billie Holiday co-written by and starring Stewart.
 Special Quartet is an album by David Murray released on the DIW/Columbia label. It was released in 1990 and features six quartet performances by Murray with Fred Hopkins McCoy Tyner and Elvin Jones.
 Be is the sixth studio album by American rapper Common released May 24 2005 on GOOD Music and Geffen Records. Primarily produced by hip hop artist Kanye West the album debuted at #2 on the Billboard 200 album chart with 185000 copies sold in its first week. It is Common's second album to sell over 500000 copies (over 800000 copies sold) and was certified Gold by the RIAA. Be was also a critical success receiving general praise and accolades from several critics and music publications.
 Reveille Park is the eighth album by South Park Mexican. It was released on Dope House Records in 2002 shortly after SPM was incarcerated for child molestation and statutory rape. Most of the tracks on this album are freestyle rapping. There was a Chopped & Screwed version of the album released on August 26 2002. Coy stated that the entire album was recorded in two days.
 Underground Vol. 2: Club Memphis is an album by Three 6 Mafia. Like its predecessor Underground Vol. 1: (1991-1994) this is a collection of Three 6 Mafia's greatest underground hits.
 You're Only Lonely is the third album by American singer-songwriter J. D. Souther released in 1979 (see 1979 in music).
 Temps mort (French for Time out) is the debut album by French rapper Booba. For the song Nouvelle école exists also a remix which features American rap duo Mobb Deep.
 Nonpoint is the seventh studio album by American rock/metal band Nonpoint released on October 9 2012 under Razor & Tie. The album was produced and engineered by Johnny K (Disturbed Staind Sevendust) at Groovemaster Studios in Chicago Illinois. In June 2012 the band released two songs from the album I Said It and Left for You the latter of which serves as the album's lead single. This is the first album to feature guitarists Rasheed Thomas and Dave Lizzio and bassist Adam Woloszyn.
 New Erections is noise rock band The Locust's third album and their second with ANTI- Records. It was released on March 20 2007.
 Geyser – Anthology of the Icelandic Independent Music Scene of the Eighties is a compilation released in 1987 by the record label Enigma Records. With 11 tracks this Icelandic compilation which was issued in LP and MC format featured some of the most important groups of the 1980s of the punk new wave and gothic scene.The new wave group Þeyr appears with Killer Boogie one of their smash hits from As Above... their last album which was released in 1982.
 Director's Cut is a 2011 album by English singer Kate Bush. It is made up of songs from her earlier albums The Sensual World and The Red Shoes which have been remixed and restructured three of which were re-recorded completely. It was Bush's first album release since 2005's Aerial and the first on her own record label Fish People.
 Lifeline is an album by Ben Harper & the Innocent Criminals. It was recorded in Paris in the fall of 2006 after the lengthy European leg of the Both Sides of the Gun tour. Harper and the Innocent Criminals wrote the tracks while on tour and would rehearse the songs during sound checks while at each venue. Recorded in only seven days on analog the album was released on August 28 2007.Lifeline debuted at #9 on the US Billboard 200 chart selling about 41000 copies in its first week.
 Ringo Starr and Friends is a 2006 live album by rock musician and ex-Beatle Ringo Starr following his 2005-2006 successful tour. The album features the tracks from the All-Starr Band's 2001 tour. (Tracks from the 2001 edition of the All-Starr Band also appeared on the album King Biscuit Flower Hour Presents Ringo & His New All-Starr Band released in 2002. Ringo's friends included on the album are Ian Hunter Howard Jones Roger Hodgson Sheila E Greg Lake and Mark Rivera.
 Carried Along is the second album by American singer-songwriter Andrew Peterson released in 2000.
 All Because of You is a 1984 CCM album recorded by Lisa Whelchel. This album was recorded on the Nissi Records label and was distributed by Sparrow Records.
 Wide Angles is a 2003 album by saxophonist Michael Brecker.
 Live at Largo is a live album by singer/songwriter and former Toad the Wet Sprocket singer/songwriter Glen Phillips. A self-released effort it is a compilation of recordings from his performances at the Los Angeles California nightclub Largo. The album features some of his solo songs as well as Toad the Wet Sprocket songs and cover versions of songs by artists like Randy Newman and Greg Brown (folk musician).
 Seeing Eye Dog is the seventh studio album by the American alternative metal band Helmet released on September 7 2010 via Work Song the label imprint shared by singer/songwriter Joe Henry and Helmet mainman Page Hamilton's manager. It was their first album in four years since the release of Monochrome in 2006.
 On The Level is the eighth Status Quo studio album. It features Francis Rossi Richard Parfitt Alan Lancaster and John Coghlan. The album's cover art features band members in an Ames room and on the original vinyl release the inner gatefold sleeve consisted of informal photos members of the group had taken of each other.In November 1974 the band released the only single from the album an edited version of a Rossi/Young song entitled Down Down.
 24 Nights is a live album by Eric Clapton recorded at the Royal Albert Hall in London England in 1990 and 1991. It was released on 8 October 1991. The album is a best of from the 42 concerts Eric Clapton did at the Royal Albert Hall in those two years. Clapton set a record by playing a run of 24 nights at the London Royal Albert Hall between 5 February and 9 March 1991 following an 18-night run in 1990.
 Frontier Ballads is a studio album released by Pete Seeger in 1954 by Folkways Records.
 Deadly Verses is the 1995 album by Memphis gangsta rapper Gangsta Pat. In this album Pat's style has dramatically changed in to a quick pace hardcore flow (getting the impression for the new pace from Bone Thugs-N-Harmony & hardcore lyric from Three 6 Mafia). But like most of Pat's album he couldn't translate the support into national sales. Pat would again move on to another label after the release of his next album.
 Cookin' with the Miracles is the second Tamla album by The Miracles and their second of 1961. Berry Gordy and Smokey Robinson co-wrote most of the songs including the two charting singles Ain't It Baby and Everybody's Gotta Pay Some Dues. The album is composed mostly of upbeat R&B tunes with steady string riffs like Determination and Broken Hearted. A cover of the jazz standard Embraceable You by George & Ira Gershwin is also included.
 Above All is a British heavy metal band. They released their debut album Domain in 1996 on the Roadrunner Records label which was produced by Alex Newport (Fudge Tunnel Nailbomb). Their lyrics were highly politically motivated and protested against right wing politics and advocated Straight Edge .
 CD86: 48 Tracks from the Birth of Indie Pop is a compilation album of artists from the original C86 era released in 2006 by Sanctuary Records. It is compiled by Bob Stanley of Saint Etienne.To coincide with its release the Institute of Contemporary Arts hosted C86 - Still Doing It For Fun an exhibition and two nights of gigs celebrating the rise of British independent music.
 Atlas Sound/Mexcellent Split was released in 2007 on 12 vinyl. Only 500 copies were pressed on 180g vinyl. The Atlas Sound side is called Fractal Trax and the Mexcellent side is called Cornbread Jungle.
 Cream Corn from the Socket of Davis is the second studio EP by American punk band Butthole Surfers released in October 1985. All songs were written and produced by the Butthole Surfers.The EP was originally released on Touch and Go. It was also included with CD editions of Rembrandt Pussyhorse in the U.S. and Psychic... Powerless... Another Man's Sac in the UK. Rembrandt Pussyhorse and Cream Corn... were again packaged as a single album when they were reissued on Latino Buggerveil in 1999.
 Come on Over is the first studio album released by the Plain White T's.
 There's No Stopping Your Heart is the fifth solo studio album by American country music singer Marie Osmond. It was her first album in seven years and her first album on Capitol/Curb records. It was released in 1985.
 Time Freeze 1995/2007: The Best of Asian Dub Foundation is a compilation album by the Asian Dub Foundation released in March 2007 on the EMI label.
 Super Hits is a compilation album by The Charlie Daniels Band released on May 31 1994. It was re-released in 2007.Super Hits was certified 2× Platinum by the RIAA for sales of 2 million copies.
 The Driver is a 1960 studio album by Buddy Rich.
 Street Language is the title of the fourth studio album released by American country music artist Rodney Crowell. It was released in 1986 (see 1986 in country music) by Columbia Records his first release on that label. It peaked at #38 on the Top Country Albums chart. The songs Let Freedom Ring When I'm Free Again She Loves the Jerk and Looking for You were released as singles but they all failed to chart within the top 20. This album was co-produced by R & B artist Booker T.
 Sounds of the Season: The Enya Holiday Collection (known as Christmas Secrets in Canada) is a Christmas Extended Play by Irish musician Enya. The album was released on November 23 2006. The album was released in partnership with NBC and was only sold in Target stores and in the NBC store in Rockefeller Center in New York City. The album was released in Canada under the name Christmas Secrets (with different cover art) and only contained the first four tracks.
 Coalescence is an album by American-born British-based trumpeter Andre Canniere. It was released on Whirlwind Recordings on 28 October 2013.
 My Toot Toot was Jean Knight's second studio album and her first in fourteen years. The title track was previously a Zydeco hit for Rockin' Sidney. Other cover versions on this album include a rerecorded version of Knight's biggest hit Mr. Big Stuff (which contains a rap intro) and Shirley & Lee's hit Let the Good Times Roll. It would be twelve years before Knight released another studio album though she did continue touring and making live performances.
 Beachwood Sparks is the eponymous debut album by American alternative rock band Beachwood Sparks released in 2000.Neal Casal of Ryan Adams and the Cardinals lists Beachwood Sparks as one of his favourite albums of all time.
 The Medúlla Videos is an official DVD released by Björk on May 30 2005. The DVD includes all of the videos from her fifth studio album Medúlla. A total of five music videos are included two of which are for songs which were not released as singles and are exclusive to this DVD release. The video for Desired Contellation was used as a backdrop to performances of the song during Björk's 2003 Greatest Hits tour.
 Halloween Party is an album by Pink Anvil released in 2003 by Ipecac Recordings.
 Black Sabbath - 1970-1992 is a video by heavy metal band Black Sabbath.
 Friend Ships is a split EP by British singer-songwriter Alessi's Ark and Omaha Nebraska power pop band Thunder Power. The EP came about when both artists shared a bill at a concert in Omaha in 2008. It is Thunder Power's second release and Alessi's Ark's third EP.
 This Is Hell / Nightmare Of You is a split EP featuring hardcore punk band This Is Hell and alternative rock band Nightmare of You. Both bands contribute two unreleased songs to the album. This Is Hell's tracks were recorded for their previous studio album Misfortunes but did not make the final cut.
 Senior is the fourth studio album by Norwegian electronic music duo Röyksopp released on 8 September 2010 by Wall of Sound. Consisting of instrumental tracks only the album is described as more introspective and withdrawn than its predecessor Junior (2009).
 Graceless is the debut album by British psychedelic rock/shoegaze band SULK released on 15 April 2013 on Perfect Sound Forever.
 Guilt is the second studio album from Washington Heights Manhattan rapper Mims. The album was released on April 7 2009.
 Amsterdam '08 is a compilation album by German trance producer Markus Schulz.
 Outlaw Gentlemen & Shady Ladies is the fifth studio album by the Danish metal band Volbeat. The album was released on 5 April 2013. The title refers to the outlaws and gunslingers of the 19th century. This is the band's first album with guitarist Rob Caggiano. The track Room 24 with vocalist King Diamond was made available for the fans as a free download on 5 April 2013 and was later nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance.
 Born in Blood is the third studio album by the American Noise rock/Industrial band Pain Teens released in November 1990 through Trance Syndicate.
 The Thrash of Naked Limbs is the third EP by death/doom metal band My Dying Bride. This EP was also released as a vinyl record. By this time the band was a 6-piece having added session violinist and keyboardist Martin Powell as an official band member.The EP was also released as part of the limited box-set The Stories alongside the band's other singles Symphonaire Infernus et Spera Empyrium and I Am the Bloody Earth.
 Pop Negro is the 4th album from El Guincho. This album was composed by Pablo Díaz-Reixa and recorded in 2010. Pop Negro was named best Spanish album of 2010 by Rockdelux while the single Bombay and its music video directed by Nicolás Méndez were named best song and best music video respectively. The music video for Bombay also serves as part of the trailer for a larger film by Méndez with music by El Guincho.
 In a Man's Womb is the debut album released by French-Israeli singer-songwriter Yael Naïm which was released under only the name Yael.
 Ride the Skies is the second album by noise rock band Lightning Bolt. This album is considered their breakthrough in the noise rock world.Track #2 Saint Jacques is named after bassist Dan St.
 Runnin' Wild is the debut album by the Australian hard rock band Airbourne. The album was released on 23 June 2007 by the record label EMI and debuted on the ARIA album chart at #21. It debuted at #62 on the UK Album Chart.The album was released in the United States on 29 January 2008 through Roadrunner Records and it debuted at #106 on Billboard 200.The album won Best Debut at the Metal Hammer Golden Gods Awards 2008. As of 27 October 2009 the album as sold an upwards of 250000 worldwide
 To All New Arrivals is the 5th studio album by dance music act Faithless. The album was created after the positive response to the Faithless Greatest Hits tour originally described as their final tour.[citation needed] The album was released on 27 November 2006 a week after the single Bombs. The title for the album was inspired by the recent birth of two babies to band members Rollo and Sister Bliss.
 Lumikurro is the first full-length album released by metal band Kauan through Bad Mood Man Music in 2007.
 Shangri-La is the fourth solo album by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler released on 28 September 2004 by Mercury Records internationally and Warner Bros. Records in the United States. Shangri-La received generally favorable reviews.
 Crypt of the Wizard is a compilation album by Norwegian solo artist Mortiis though it is largely recognised as a complete album.Recorded in Norway it was initially released in 1996 as a series of 5 12 EP singles. Each EPs press run consisted of 1000 copies (500 on black vinyl the rest in a different color).
 Change is the first studio recording of the acoustic jazz sextet Origin featuring Chick Corea on piano. The sextet is unchanged except for Jeff Ballard replacing Adam Cruz on drums. The album was released on Rykodisc on June 8 1999.
 Trapped Animal released on 6 October 2009 was the first record since The Slits's reunion in 2006. The band has had some line-up changes but in this album still had main members Ari Up and Tessa Pollitt on bass.
 Memories is the title of a recording by Doc Watson released in 1975. It was originally released as a double-LP by Capitol Records. It peaked at No. 47 on Billboard Country Albums charts and No.
 Country 'Til I Die is the fifteenth studio album of country music artist John Anderson. It was released in 1994 under the BNA Records label. The album produced the singles: Bend It Until It Breaks which peaked at 3 on Country charts Mississippi Moon which peaked at 15 and the title track which peaked at 35.
 Leaving the Ways is an EP by The Briggs and was released on July 27 2004.
 Ethernaut is a 2003 album by The Crüxshadows.According to Rogue the songs on Ethernaut are meant to be an allegory for the fall of Troy. Rogue believes the Trojans to be the good guys of the story and wrote Ethernaut to tell the story from the Trojan side with a focus on the emotions of the Trojans.
 Repeat When Necessary is an album by Welsh rock musician Dave Edmunds. Produced by Edmunds it was released in 1979 by Swan Song Records (see 1979 in music). It was recorded and released at the same time as Nick Lowe's Labour of Lust and features the same lineup of musicians: Edmunds Lowe Billy Bremner and Terry Williams collectively known as Rockpile.
 Necronomicon is a 2006 album by The Devil'z Rejects a duo consisting of Jedi Mind Tricks member Jus Allah and Boston rapper Bomshot. The album was allegedly released without the knowledge of Jus Allah and many of the album's contributors. It's been rumored that Bomshot a former label-mate of Jus on Virtuoso's Omnipotent Records stole the masters for Jus' original unreleased version of All Fates Have Changed and crafted the album himself.
 Myths Legends and Other Amazing Adventures Vol. 2 is a compilation album by American band The Aquabats released on November 7 2000 by Fearless Records. The album is a collection of studio outtakes b-sides and miscellaneous unreleased tracks recorded during the production of the band's 1999 studio album The Aquabats vs. the Floating Eye of Death!.
 My Secret Life is the fourth album by Julee Cruise and was released in 2011. The album was produced by DJ Dmitry of Deee-lite.
 Primal Scream is the second album by Scottish indie rock band Primal Scream. Released in 1989 (see 1989 in music) it took a harder rock approach than their debut album Sonic Flower Groove and did not achieve great success. However the song I'm Losing More Than I'll Ever Have was later remixed to provide the breakthrough single Loaded that appeared on their much celebrated third album Screamadelica.
 Jet CD is the studio album by Japanese pop rock duo Puffy released in April 1998. It features five hit singles that they released around 1996-98 including three of which topped the Japanese Oricon charts.Jet debuted at the number-two on the Oricon Weekly Albums Charts (defeated by Globe's third album Love Again) and climbed the summit in following week.
 A Man's Not a Camel is Frenzal Rhomb's fourth full length album released in March 1999. The album was arguably the band's most successful at least in terms of mainstream music culture. Frenzal Rhomb had languished for many years a staple of Australian punk but not of Australian music. The singles You are Not My Friend Never Had So Much Fun and We're Going Out Tonight all received considerable play-time on radio and television music video programmes boosting the band's reputation.
 WOW Gospel 2010 is a gospel music compilation album from the WOW series. It was released on January 26 2010 and features thirty gospel hits on a double CD set. The album cover pays tribute to Detroit Michigan.
 Chin Up Buttercup is a 2007 album by Holly McNarland.
 Stop In the Name of Love is the tenth studio album by American singer La Toya Jackson. The album which was recorded and mixed in Sweden is a collection of dance-style well-known Motown covers including The Supremes' Stop! In the Name of Love and Baby Love the Four Tops' I Can't Help Myself and The Jackson 5's I'll Be There. The entire album was recorded in one hour.
 American Man: Greatest Hits Volume II is the ninth album from country singer Trace Adkins and second greatest hits compilation. It was released on December 4 2007. Adkins was originally scheduled to release a new studio album on that day but said in a press release: We were already under some extremely tight deadlines as it was to make the street week said Adkins.
 Inner Journeys: Myth + Legends is an album by German cross-cultural new age band Cusco released in 2003.
 Foundation is the fifth studio album from Hip Hop duo M.O.P.. After being put in limbo with Roc-A-Fella Records without releasing any new material the duo signed to G-Unit Records where they once again ended up without any releases beside mixtapes and street albums. Signing a deal with E1/Koch Records Lil' Fame (Fizzy Womack) and Billy Danze finally release their long-awaited full-length LP on September 15.
 Mantra Hiroshima is the eighteenth studio album by Omar Rodríguez-López as a solo artist. It is his second record to feature Zach Hill on drums the first of which was by El Grupo Nuevo de Omar Rodriguez Lopez titled Cryptomnesia.The track Los Tres 'Yo's' is included on the vinyl edition of Omar's best of compilation Telesterion though Mantra Hiroshima itself was the first of Omar's records to not be released in vinyl format.
 Jolene is Dolly Parton's 13th solo studio album produced by Bob Ferguson. It was released by RCA Records in February 1974.The title track Jolene tells the tale of a housewife confronting a beautiful seductress who she believes is having an affair with her husband. It became Parton's second solo number-one country single; it also was a moderate pop hit for her and also did well in the United Kingdom.
 The Miracle Mile is the third album by Kevin Hearn and Thin Buckle. It was released in Canada and online July 11 2006. The first single from the album will be In The Country. This is the band's first album on the Warner Music Canada label.
 This article is about the 2005 Darlene Zschech album not the 1992 Michael W. Smith album of the same name.Change Your World is the second solo album of Hillsong Church's worship pastor Darlene Zschech.
 Amaryllis is the fourth studio album by American rock band Shinedown. It was announced on January 3 2012 the same day as the first single Bully was released for release on March 27 with pre-orders opening on January 17. A music video for the song Unity was released on March 12.
 Return to the 36 Chambers: The Dirty Version is the solo debut album of American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member Ol' Dirty Bastard released March 28 1995 on Elektra Records in the United States. It was the second solo album to be released from the nine-member Wu-Tang camp following the release of their debut album. Return to the 36 Chambers was primarily produced by RZA with additional production from Ol' Dirty Bastard and affiliates True Master and 4th Disciple.
 This article is about the Laurie Anderson album. For the BWO album see Big Science (BWO album).Big Science is the 1982 debut album by avant-garde artist Laurie Anderson and the first of a 7-album deal she signed with Warner Bros. Records. It is best known for the 8-minute epic O Superman which reached #2 in the UK. The album is minimalist and monochrome in sound and like a great deal of Anderson's work is based largely on spoken word.
 Lil' Golden Book is the debut album by the New Zealand recording artist Princess Chelsea. It was released on 2 May 2011 through Lil' Chief Records. The album was produced by Jonathan Bree and Chelsea Nikkel. The album tells the tale of life growing up as a teenager and young adult in New Zealand.
 El Hombre Que Más Te Amó (The man that most loves you) is the 81st studio album released by Mexican singer Vicente Fernández on October 5 2010 by Sony BMG.
 R.E.V.O. is the third studio album and first on a major record label by Canadian indie band Walk off the Earth. It was released on March 19 2013 through Columbia Records. It contains 9 original songs along with a cover of Gotye's Somebody That I Used to Know.R.E.V.O. is an acronym for the band's motto Realize Every Victory Outright.
 Coda is the ninth and final studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin released in 1982. The album is a collection of unused tracks from various sessions during Led Zeppelin's twelve-year career. It was released two years after the group had officially disbanded following the death of drummer John Bonham. The word coda meaning a passage that ends a musical piece following the main body was therefore chosen as a title.
 Dream Merchant Vol. 1 is the first compilation album from producer 9th Wonder formerly of Little Brother. \It was released in 2005 through 6 Hole Records It is only physically available in a pack called National Mayhem which also contains the albums National Anthem by The Away Team and Project Mayhem by L.E.G.A.C.Y. It is also available to purchase the album from iTunes
 Trust Me is the fourth studio album by English R&B artist Craig David. It was released on 12 November 2007 in the United Kingdom and on 6 May 2008 in the United States.
 Journey To The Light is the second album by the Detroit Michigan R&B group Brainstorm.
 Stop Cleveland Hate is a limited edition (1200 copies) vinyl-only EP release by Girl Talk released on 12 Apostles.
 30-hole and Fred Perry released through Danse Macabre Records is the third album of the Italian Electro Industrial one-man project Digitalis Purpurea. It was released on April 24 2012 with a worldwide distribution.
 When You Know is an album by American jazz singer Dianne Reeves released in 2008.
 Hotel Shampoo is the third solo album by Super Furry Animals frontman Gruff Rhys released on 14 February 2011. The title of the record is a reference to Gruff’s habit of hoarding mini shampoo bottles and other complimentary hotel products whilst on tour and the miniature hotel he built from them in advance of the record's announcement. The album won the 2011 Welsh Music Prize and the Album of the Year award at the Artrocker Awards 2011.
 Band of Gypsys is the eponymous live album by the blues rock band that Jimi Hendrix formed after the dissolution of the Jimi Hendrix Experience. Hendrix is backed by Billy Cox and Buddy Miles. Songs were recorded at the Fillmore East on two separate nights (December 31 1969 and January 1 1970) totaling four concerts with songs from the final two appearing on the album.
 dios (malos) is an album by the band of the same name dios (malos). It was released by Vagrant Records on October 11 2005.
 Building Bridges is the title of the third solo album by the Christian singer-songwriter Paul Field.
 Valley Hi is the 1973 album by country rock/folk rock musician Ian Matthews. The album was produced by Michael Nesmith who also sat in on guitar.
 Zeeland (Live '97) is a studio album by German band La! Neu? recorded and released in 1997. It consists of a series of live jams recorded at Klaus Dinger's studio near Kamperland in the Dutch province of Zeeland. The album was produced and released quickly in comparison with its prequel Düsseldorf which evolved over a period of two years. Zeeland was released on the Japanese record label Captain Trip Records which released all of La! Neu?'s work.
 Atticus: ...Dragging the Lake Vol. 2 was the second in the series of compilation albums created by Atticus Clothing.
 The Top of His Head is a soundtrack by English guitarist composer and improvisor Fred Frith of the 1989 Canadian comedy-drama film The Top of His Head. Frith wrote and composed all the music with the exception of This Old Earth which was written and sung by Jane Siberry and a cover of The Way You Look Tonight.
 Clásicos de oro de el Catire Carpio is a Venezuelan compilation album of 2002 made by José Catire Carpio with the seal Discomoda featuring the gold songs of this llanero singer.
 Two of Diamonds is the fourth solo studio album by Australian singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Mick Harvey released on 23 April 2007 on Mute Records. The album contains both original compositions and covers and was recorded by Harvey over the course of three months in Grace Lane Studio and later in Atlantis Sound Recording Studios both in his native Melbourne and The Instrument Studio in London United Kingdom.
 Hau Ruck is the fourteenth album by industrial rock band KMFDM released by Metropolis Records on September 13 2005. It was recorded in Seattle Washington.
 Church Age is the fourth album by Mr. Del. It was released on March 18 2003. Perhaps as a play on the traditional Parental Advisory logo that adorns many Hip Hop albums The cover of this album features a Parental Advisory-like logo that says Spiritual Advisory Gospel Content [which has lead some websites that sell the album to mistakenly label it as having explicit lyrics]
 Turning Point is the second album by American organist Lonnie Smith recorded in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label.
 The Paris Concert: Edition One is a live album by jazz pianist Bill Evans with Marc Johnson and Joe LaBarbera recorded in Paris France in 1979 and originally released on the Elektra Musician label. Additional recordings from this concert were released as The Paris Concert: Edition Two (1980).
 Chocomotive is the second album led by saxophonist Houston Person which was recorded in 1967 and released on the Prestige label.
 U.F.Off: The Best of the Orb is a greatest hits album by The Orb released in 1998 by Island Records. There is both a double disc and single disc version the latter being the first disc of the former. The second disc contains alternate mixes of many of the tracks on the first.Unlike many greatest hits releases that include the tracks as individual stand-alone pieces the tracks included here are seamlessly continuously-mixed like other DJ mixes.
 Perfect Pitch Black is the fourth studio album by American rock band Cave In. The album was released on September 13 2005 through Hydra Head Records and was the band's final release before going on hiatus in 2006. Cave In later reformed in 2009 and released the EP Planets of Old.
 Painted Desert Serenade is the debut studio release from pianist/singer-songwriter Joshua Kadison released in 1993 on SBK (a subsidiary of Capitol Records who also featured Wilson Phillips and Vanilla Ice on its roster). It featured two singles both of which reached the top 20 on the Billboard Hot 100: Jessie peaked at number 26 in the US (while placing three spots in Sweden a year after its release) while the track Beautiful in My Eyes managed a chart placing of 19 in 1994.
 O Rappa is the first album by Brazilian band O Rappa. It was produced by Fábio Henriques and O Rappa. It is distributed through Warner Music.
 Wishmastour 2000 is a compilation by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish. Only one track (Wishmaster) actually appeared on an official album. The others songs are either bonus tracks from foreign versions of Angels Fall First and Oceanborn or unreleased versions of songs from all three of the albums.
 The Message Is Love is the self-produced tenth album by American R&B singer Barry White released in 1979. It was White's first release on his own CBS-affiliated custom label Unlimited Gold following his departure from long-time label 20th Century-Fox Records and advance interest was high. The album however proved a disappointment both critically and commercially.
 Under Cover 2 is the 5th solo album of Joe Lynn Turner released in 1999. Just like Under Cover the album consists mainly of covers of Turner's favourite artists.
 Despair is the tenth solo record by The Mars Volta Guitarist/Composer Omar Rodríguez-López released by Willie Anderson Recordings. Prior to beginning the studio sessions for The Bedlam in Goliath Rodriguez-Lopez recorded Despair inspired by his experiences in and around Jerusalem and using material culled from field recordings and studio experimentation. This record was pressed on white vinyl.
 Story of a Life is the third posthumous compilation album released featuring Harry Chapin released in 1999 (see 1999 in music). It was released as a box set containing 3 CDs and a 76-page booklet.
 Identity on Fire is the third studio album by American post-hardcore band A Skylit Drive released on February 15 2011.
 Redlight is an album by The Slackers released on September 23 1997 on Hellcat Records. It solidified the Slackers' sound with ska reggae and dub remaining prevalent. The track Watch This received airplay on college radio stations. Jeremy Mushlin made his vocal debut on the track She Wants to Be Alone.
 Twisting and Shouting is the 3rd album released by The Isley Brothers in 1963 credited as The Famous Isley Brothers on the United Artitsts label. Their third album after Twist & Shout one year prior the album was released with none of the songs making the singles chart. In 1991 the album was reissued on CD with extra tracks and retitled The Complete UA Sessions.
 Toca is the debut album of German trance group Fragma. It was released on 22 January 2001 through EMI Europe.
 Solo Journey is Bradley Joseph's third album (see 1999 in music) and first album on his own record label Robbins Island Music.
 King Baby is the seventh album released by American stand-up comedian Jim Gaffigan.
 Still Life is the second album of rock band Dukes and was released on November 8 2010 through Play Nicely. The album features three singles the gold NZ Top 10 hit Vampires Self Control and Time is a Train.
 Holding a Wolf by the Ears is the fourth and final studio album by the American post-hardcore band From Autumn to Ashes. It is also the only album without the band's original singer Ben Perri as well as the band's first album recorded with Rob Lauritson on 2nd guitar and their last with Josh Newton on bass.One track from Holding a Wolf by the Ears was released on December 14 track Deth Kult Social Club. and later Everything I Need.
 The River is the fifth studio album by Bruce Springsteen. The album was released on October 17 1980. Rolling Stone ranked it at number 253 on their list of the greatest albums of all time.
 A Little Bit Special is the first album recorded by comedian Stephen Lynch. It was recorded at Park West Studios in Brooklyn New York in 2000. Along with Superhero and The Craig Machine the albums have sold over 250000 copies.In the song Jim Henson's Dead Lynch pays homage to many of the characters from The Muppet Show and Sesame Street two of puppeteer Jim Henson's most famous creations.
 The Golden Morning Breaks is an album by Colleen released in 2005. It takes on a more natural and less synthetic sound than its predecessor 2003's Everyone Alive Wants Answers which was almost entirely sampled. The cover art is by Iker Spozio.A video was made by Jon Nordstrom for the song I'll Read You a Story.
 Redux a compilation album by Adam Ant. It is a 15-track bonus disc that only came with the Adam Ant Remastered box set. It features previously unreleased demo versions of songs from his previous albums. It also contains a T. Rex cover version that was demoed in 1996 - Dandy in the Underworld.
 Born to Run is the third album by the American singer-songwriter Bruce Springsteen. It was released on August 25 1975 through Columbia Records.Representing Springsteen's effort to break into the mainstream Born to Run was a critical and commercial success. It peaked at number three on the Billboard 200 eventually selling six million copies in the US by the year 2000.
 Joe Thomas New Man is the seventh album by singer Joe released on September 23 2008. It is his first release under an independent record label Kedar Entertainment.
 The Patty Patty Sound is the second release by The Beta Band released in 1998. Despite being almost 40mins long and originally being released on 2 x 12 records the release is still considered an E.P. by both the band and the press. All the tracks from the EP were later included on the compilation The Three E.P.'s along with Champion Versions and Los Amigos del Beta Bandidos.
 Scattered Pieces: Live is the second live album by singer-songwriter Shawn McDonald on Sparrow Records.
 Phansi Emgodini is an album by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo. The album (#BL 321) was recorded on 17 August 1981 and released on 9 September that year. The album also featured the group's first German-language song Wir Grüssen Euch Alle (We Greet You All) following their successful tour of Cologne Germany.
 The Underdog/El Subestimado is a rap/hip-hop album released by Tego Calderón on August 29 2006. The first single of the album was titled Los Maté (I Killed Them) which has garnered much air-play on the radio. During a press conference in Puerto Rico Tego Calderón expressed that this new album is a diary of sorts from my experiences. There are happy moments and sad ones.This time around Tego decided not to use as much reggaeton and focus more on hip-hop.
 Southern Air is the eighth studio album by American rock band Yellowcard. It was released on August 14 2012 through Hopeless Records. The songs Always Summer and Here I Am Alive were released as singles the latter featuring Taylor Jardine of We Are the In Crowd. The album also features guest appearances by Alex Gaskarth of All Time Low and Cassadee Pope of Hey Monday.
 K is the debut album by Kula Shaker released on 16 September 1996. When it was released it became the fastest selling debut album in Britain since Elastica's debut the previous year.
 The Concert Sinatra is an album by American singer Frank Sinatra released in 1963.The title refers to the larger-than-normal orchestra Nelson Riddle gathered for this recording; it is not a documentation of a live performance. This was Frank Sinatra's most fulfilling album of his early Reprise career[citation needed]. It was allegedly Nelson Riddle's favorite Reprise album[citation needed] and was originally recorded on 35mm film.
 Music is the eighth studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna released on September 18 2000 by Maverick Records. Following the success of her previous album Ray of Light she intended to embark in a tour. However her record company encouraged her to return to the studio and record new music before going on the road.
 [Blomljud] is the second album release from the Swedish progressive rock band Moon Safari. It is the band's first double album containing 11 songs of various lengths. It was released in 2008 three years after their debut album A Doorway to Summer. It was released on the independent label Blomljud Records.Blomljud (pronounced [blʊmjʉ̟d]) is Swedish and means flowersound although the lyrics on the album are all in English. The flowers are a recurring theme throughout the whole album.
 Jazzurekcja (Polish pronunciation: [ˌd͡ʐɛzuˈrɛkt͡sja] a word play consisting of Jazz and Resurekcja (resurrection)) is an album released by O.S.T.R. in 2004.
 The Locust Years is the third studio album by the progressive metal band Hammers of Misfortune. The album was issued in 2006 and reissued in 2010 by Metal Blade Records.
 Angles Without Edges is the first album released by hip hop producer Madlib's Jazz project Yesterdays New Quintet. Although a fictional quintet or virtual band in reality it is Madlib playing the instruments while giving credit to fictional characters. The album was released in 2001 under Stones Throw Records on Compact Disc and vinyl record.
 You're the Greatest Lover is a budget-priced compilation album by Dutch girl group Luv' released by PolyGram Netherlands in 1998. It features songs from the back catalogue of Phonogram/Philips Records Luv's label between 1977 and 1979 when the female pop trio reachedits peak in a large part of Continental Europe and South Africa. This album is named after the biggest hit record of the female pop formation: You're the Greatest Lover.
 The Ransom EP is Cartel's first EP and first release. The recording was originally released independently but was soon picked up by the record label The Militia Group. They re-released the EP with two extra tracks The City Never Sleeps and Fiend.
 Blues for We is the third album by American blues guitarist Mel Brown (guitarist) recorded in 1969 for the Impulse! label.
 Lindo Momento Frente Al Caos is the seventh album by the Chilean band Fiskales Ad-Hok.
 The 21st Century Guide to King Crimson – Volume One – 1969–1974 is the first of two 4 CDs sets of compilation albums showcasing the entire production of the British progressive rock band King Crimson. This set of discs contains both studio and live performances ranging from the beginnings of the band to 1974.
 Candy from a Stranger is Soul Asylum's eighth studio album. It was released on May 12 1998 (see 1998 in music). It is the long-awaited follow-up to the 1995 studio release Let Your Dim Light Shine.The band had originally planned to release an album entitled Creatures Of Habit produced by Matt Hyde. Columbia Records did not approve of the recordings and shelved the album a few weeks before it was supposed to be released.
 Trova di Danú is the third full-length album by the Brazilian folk metal band Tuatha de Danann.
 New Faces at Newport is a split album by pianist Randy Weston's trio and vibraphonist Lem Winchester's quartet which was recorded in 1958 at the Newport Jazz Festival and released on the MetroJazz label.
 6 is Pigface's sixth studio album released in 2009 by Full Effect Records.
 First Impressions is the first greatest hits album by Olivia Newton-John. It was released in 1974.
 Ceol Cheann Dubhrann is an album supporting Scoil Naisiúnta Rann na Feirste a National school and Áislann Rann na Feirste a community centre in Ranafast in the Gaeltacht of County Donegal Ireland. The album was recorded mixed produced and engineered by Mánus Lunny and mastered by Paul McGeechan at Park Lane in Glasgow and features notable singers such as Máire Ní Bhraonáin (Moya Brennan) and Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh.
 The Mole Show Live at the Roxy is a live recording by The Residents. The show was originally bootlegged and The Cryptic Corporation bought the master tapes releasing it officially on Ralph Records in 1983. 1800 copies were pressed on black vinyl and a picture disc edition of 1500 copies was also released. The album was released in 1998 by Bomba Records in Japan.
 BEST is Chicosci's first compilation album consisting of tracks from albums Revenge of the Giant Robot and Method Of Breathing. Chicosci has since left the record label when the album was released.
 St. Jude is the debut album by British indie rock band The Courteeners which was released on 7 April 2008. There is also a special edition album which includes a second disc of acoustic versions of songs which feature on the actual album. Though the album was received to average reviews from critics the album has become somewhat a cult success though many fans are more favorable to the versions of songs seen on Here Come the Young Men EP and various other demos.
 Far From Close is the debut EP by the American rock band Hinder. It was released in 2003 on the independent label Brickden Records and sold around 5000 copies.
 This is United State of Electronica's first public record.
 WinterSpringSummerFall is the debut mixtape by American record producer singer rapper songwriter and musician Boots.
 Empty Rooms is a studio album by blues musician John Mayall released in late 1969 on Polydor. It is a follow-up to the live album The Turning Point released earlier in the year with the same musicians: Jon Mark on acoustic guitar Johnny Almond on saxophones and flute and Stephen Thompson on bass. John Mayall sings plays harmonica guitars and keyboards (including a moog synthesizer).
 Scott Free is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach recorded in 1984 for the Italian Soul Note label.
 Mirage is a 1996 Hindi ghazal album by the Indian singer Jagjit Singh released by Saregama-HMV.
 Još uvek sanjam (Najveći hitovi) (trans. I'm Still Dreaming (Greatest Hits)) is a compilation album by Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Galija.The first five tracks on the album are rerecorded tracks from Galija's old albums and the last six tracks are from Galija's two previous studio albums Daleko je Sunce and Korak do slobode.
 It's Mashed Potato Time is the first studio album by Dee Dee Sharp.
 I prova tou nifikou (Greek: Η πρόβα του νυφικού; English: Fitting of the wedding dress) is the name of a Greek album by composer Vassilis Dimitriou with singers Marinella and Pemi Zouni which was also the soundtrack of the same titled popular Greek TV series on ANT1 directed by Kostas Koutsomytis and created by Vangelis Goufas based on the novel of the same name written by Ntora Giannakopoulou. All music and lyrics are by Vassilis Dimitriou.
 Dando Cocotazos is a reggaeton album released by artist Speedy (Sir Speedy Polaco) in November 2003. The album contains 14 tracks and was released on the Pina Records label. Appearances are made by Blade Pacino DJ Blass (Vladimir Félix) and others.
 The Immaculate Collection is the first commercially released greatest videos compilation by singer Madonna. Released by Warner Music Vision Warner Reprise Video and Sire Records on November 13 1990 to accompany the audio CD it contained hits spanning 1983-1990. The collection won Best Long Form Video category at the 1991 MTV Video Music Awards. It was certified gold in Brazil by the Associação Brasileira dos Produtores de Discos (ABPD) for shipment of 25000 copies.
 The Pirate's Gospel is the debut album by Alela Diane self-released on CD-R in 2004 and rereleased by Holocene Music in 2006.
 Together Live is a live album featuring 2nd Chapter of Acts and Michael and Stormie Omartian released in 1983. It was recorded at The Church on the Way in Van Nuys California. As with all 2nd Chapter of Acts recordings it was produced and engineered by Buck Herring.
 Le mariage du ciel et de l'enfer is the sixth album by Art Zoyd released in 1985 through Cryonic Inc..
 Georgia Peach is the first release by the Burrito Deluxe. After John Beland retired The Flying Burrito Brothers in 2000 original member of that band Sneaky Pete Kleinow put together a new lineup with Carlton Moody and Tommy Spurlock. As Beland still had rights to the name the band decided to call itself Burrito Deluxe after the Flying Burrito Brothers' second album.
 The Rough Guide to the Music of Canada is a compilation album originally released in 2003. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series it gives a wide overview of the music of Canada. Though contemporary styles are represented the album focuses on roots revivalism ranging from the traditional music of the Maritimes and Quebec to First Nations music and tracks representing Canada's wide ethnic range.
 Reckoning is the second album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M. released in 1984 by I.R.S. Records. Produced by Mitch Easter and Don Dixon the album was recorded at Reflection Sound Studio in Charlotte North Carolina over 16 days in December 1983 and January 1984. Dixon and Easter intended to capture the sound of R.E.M.'s live performances and used binaural recording on several tracks.
 The Shooting Range is a compilation album by American rapper Messy Marv released on August 2010 via Clickclack Records. The first of the Shooting Range series the album features guest appearances from D.O.E. Glasses Malone and The Jacka among others. It peaked on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart at No. 85.
 Christmas with Babyface is a holiday album by R&B singer Babyface.
 Tuscany is a 2001 album by progressive rock band Renaissance.
 For the song by Winger see Down Incognito (song).Down Incognito was the second solo album by American rock artist Kip Winger. It was released by Domo Records in 1998. The album was released under different names. Down Incognito is the American title while it was called Made by Hand in Europe and Another Way in Japan.The album mostly consists of acoustic studio versions of songs from the three Winger albums and Kip Winger's first solo album.
 Jackleg Devotional to the Heart is the second full length album released on May 21 2013 by the Denton Texas based band The Baptist Generals and their third release on US label Sub Pop.
 50 Greatest Hits is three-disc compilation from country music singer Reba McEntire. The album's release was announced in August 2008 on her official website. Spanning her tenure with MCA Records beginning in 1984 the album features 20 #1 hits and 46 Top 10 singles. It was released on October 28 2008 in the United States and Canada a week later.
 Grand Central Vol. 3 is a compilation from Grand Central Records containing some rare tracks and remixes. It is generally known simply as Grand Central Vol. 3 although the official Grand Central site refers to the album as Grand Central House Bag Vol. 3.
 Best of the Rest is the compilation album by the American Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. It was originally released in 1982 and again in 1990 on CD. This compilation contains album cuts that are fan favorites. The only hit from the band on the album is “Call Me the Breeze.” The compilation also contains two previously unreleased early recordings from 1971 and 1972.
 Bring Me the Head of Yuri Gagarin is a live album by English rock group Hawkwind released in 1985 consisting of a performance at the Empire Pool Wembley on 27 May 1973. This is a poor sound quality audience recording licensed by Nik Turner.
 Trendy Man (Chinese: 潮男正傳; pinyin: cháo nán zhèng zhuàn) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Show Luo's sixth Mandarin studio album. It was released on 26 December 2008 by Gold Typhoon (Taiwan). It is the first release after Show's continuation of contract with them formerly EMI Music Taiwan.Two preorder limited editions were available: Trendy Man (Mirror Limited Preorder Edition) (潮男正傳 潮男幻鏡珍藏版) and Trendy Man (Box Limited Preorder Edition) (潮男正傳 潮男誌盒裝版) which includes gifts.
 Besides Nothing (B-Sides and Rarities 2003–2009) is a two-disc rarities compilation released under the name PlayRadioPlay! (now Analog Rebellion). It was released alongside Analog Rebellion's Ancient Electrons on January 26 2010.The album cover was released on his Facebook page on December 22 2009.
 The Ultimate Collection is a 2000 compilation album by Chris de Burgh. It was released by A&M Records on November 27 2000.
 Miles! Miles! Miles! is an album by Miles Davis released exclusively in Japan in 1993. It contains recordings from the October 4 1981 concert in Tokyo some of which had appeared on We Want Miles including the original version of the track Jean-Pierre elsewhere edited by producer Teo Macero to remove the first twenty-five seconds of introduction consisting primarily of a guitar riff and tumbling percussion sounds.
 Followin' a Feelin' is the third studio album by Australian country music artist Sherrié Austin. It was released in 2001 by Madacy Entertainment and peaked at #43 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. The album includes the singles Jolene Time Love and Money and In the Meantime.
 GASCD an initialism standing for Governments Accountable to Society & Citizens = Democracy is a compilation album put together in May 2001 by songwriter and activist Chris Brown and released in 2002. A double album inspired by the activist protests at the Quebec City Summit of the Americas GASCD collects political songs and spoken word segments by both Canadian and international musicians and activists. The album's profits are distributed to progressive media and social justice groups.
 4 anni di successi is an album by Italian singer Mina released in 1967.It is the last album by Mina released through the Ri-Fi Record Company.
 Prayer to the East is an album by multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1957 and released on the Savoy label.The title track was composed by Ali Jackson drummer Oliver Jackson's brother.
 In Search of Sunrise 7: Asia is a compilation album by Dutch trance producer and DJ Tiësto and his seventh and final contribution to the In Search of Sunrise compilation series. It was released on June 10 2008 and was followed by a North American Tour during all of June. In 2008 Tiësto announced his In Search of Sunrise: North American Summer Tour 2008 the tour was presented by Armani Exchange on May 23 and ended on July 4 at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival on Friday 13 June.
 Super-Charger Hell is a tribute album dedicated to groove metal band White Zombie.
 Between a Rock and a Hard Place is the first album by the hip hop duo Artifacts. The album which is mainly produced by T-Ray reached number 17 on the Billboard R&B/Hip hop Albums chart.
 Sophisticated Lou is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label featuring Donaldson with Joe Farrell Paul Winter Joe Venuto Derek Smith Jay Berliner Richard Davis Ron Carter Grady Tate and Omar Clay with a string section arranged by Wade Marcus.The album was awarded 2 stars in an Allmusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine who stated Sophisticated Lou pales when compared to the great Lush Life but it remains a fairly successful effort and it's a nice change of pace after several albums of funky soul-jazz.
 Spiral Live at Montreux 1978 is a live album by Muhal Richard Abrams recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival and released on the Arista Novus label in 1978.
 Go Too (1977) is Go's third album. Stomu Yamashta who together with Steve Winwood and Michael Shrieve founded the group replaced Steve Winwood who had left the group by Jess Roden and modified the style of the music for the album. In addition Linda Lewis was hired as a singer. Together with Paul Jackson Jr. and the orchestra of Martin Ford the album unified various soundscapes. The album begins with the song Prelude a synthesizer tune that is marked by Klaus Schulze's play.
 Alternative Matter is a compilation album album by the UK band Antimatter.
 Soldiers of Fortune is the 8th studio album by American southern rock band Outlaws released in 1986. (See 1986 in music). Original guitarist Henry Paul returned to the band for the first time since 1977's Hurry Sundown.
 The Early Years is a compilation of seven recordings Phil Ochs made for a Vanguard compilation in 1964 and twelve made at three Newport Folk Festivals in 1963 1964 and 1966 the latter tracks previously released on the 1996 compilation Live at Newport.Of the seven studio tracks only five had actually been released by Vanguard on the compilation The Original New Folks Vol. 2 How Long and Davey Moore making their debut here.
 Real is the eighth album released by L'Arc-en-Ciel on August 30 2000. It would be the band's last original studio album before a prolonged hiatus. One of the singles from the album Stay Away is featured as a playable song in the game DrumMania 4th Mix.
 Lack of Divine Inspiration is the first full-length album of the Finnish rock band Kinetik Control. The album was recorded in Finnvox-Studios and in Studio Kinetik during October-December 2007. The album was released in Finland 28th of May 2008 by Bonnier Amigo Music Group and Toyboyz Ltd. Enorm Music / CMM Marketing released the album Europe-wide in 28th of November 2008.
 Bird Songs: The Final Recordings is a live album trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie with an array of guest stars recorded at the Blue Note in 1992 and released on the Telarc label. The album along with To Bird with Love and To Diz with Love represent the last recordings made by the legendary trumpeter before his death in 1993.
 Excursions is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris released on the Atlantic label mainly recorded in 1973 but featuring some tracks recorded in 1966 and 1967. The album features two tracks recorded at the sessions for Mean Greens (Atlantic 1966). Also included are four tracks recorded at the sessions for The Electrifying Eddie Harris (Atlantic 1967).
 Godspell (1971 Off-Broadway Cast) is the original cast recording of the Cherry Lane Theatre production of Godspell. It produced a radio hit in the summer of 1972 with Day By Day with Robin Lamont on the lead vocal.
 Dance is the third compilation album by Greek singer Despina Vandi featuring a collection of dance music including both laïka and pop during her time at the Minos EMI label. The album was included as the second disc of the box set Despina Vandi in 2005.
 Live aus Berlin (German for Live from Berlin) is a recording of a concert by the German NDH-metal band Rammstein performed in 1998 and released a year later. It has been released in several formats: CD (15 tracks) 2 CD Limited Edition (18 tracks + multimedia content) Censored VHS/DVD (Without Bück dich) Uncensored VHS (With Bück dich)The performance of Bück dich (Bend down Bend over) is controversial.
 Rooms by the Hour is an album released in 1998 by Rustic Overtones. The band's third full length offering it is credited with earning major label interest in the band and leading to their subsequent contract with the Warner Music Group.
 Country Winners is a 1973 compilation album by country singer Willie Nelson. Released after Nelson signed with Atlantic this was the closest thing to a retrospective RCA issued at the time. Seven of the album's nine tracks were originally issued on Nelson's RCA debut Country Willie - His Own Songs Hello Walls and Funny How Time Slips Away are from And Then I Wrote.
 Manic Panic is an album released in 1996 by Swedish singer Leila K.
 Mr and Mrs Smith and Mr Drake is an album performed by a side project of Cardiacs created by Tim Smith Sarah Smith and William D. Drake. At the time the project itself was also known as Mr and Mrs Smith and Mr Drake but would later be renamed The Sea Nymphs.The album was initially only available on cassette through the fan club and at concert venues. The first version of the cassette cover is dark with the logo printed in gold; the track list is handwritten.
 Disconnected is a 2007 collaboration album between the German krautrock group Faust and Nurse with Wound .
 Gord's Gold Vol. 2 is a compilation album released by Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot in 1988.As with the first volume Vol. 1 Vol. 2 features re-recordings of earlier hits alongside the contemporary material. On Gord's Gold only the early songs that didn't match Lightfoot's 70s sound (and whose original masters were owned by Lightfoot's former label United Artists) were re-recorded. However on Vol.
 Stan Getz and J.J. Johnson at the Opera House is a 1957 live album by Stan Getz and J. J. Johnson accompanied by the Oscar Peterson trio.
 Living Decorations EP is an EP by Maps & Atlases released in 2011 by Barsuk Records. It was an iTunes exclusive released shortly after their full album Perch Patchwork. A video directed by Erin Elders the band's lead guitarist was released for the title track. The EP featured previously unreleased remixes as well as a live track.
 Baretender's Blues is an album by American country music artist George Jones. This album was released in 1978 on the Epic Records label. It was re-released on CD on the Razor & Tie label in 1996.James Taylor wrote the lyrics and composed the title track and also sings background for it on the album.
 Uncle Meat is the fifth studio album by the Mothers of Invention released as a double album in 1969.
 Down to Us is a 2009 album of traditional Irish music performed by Patrick Sky (on uillean pipes) and Cathy Sky (on fiddle).
 Otra Tocada Más (One More Gig) (1988) is the fourth studio album by Mexican Rock and Blues band El Tri.
 YUI Orta is the seventh solo album of Ian Hunter. The title is a play on the phrase Why you I ought to....
 Piano Interpretations is the debut album by jazz pianist Wynton Kelly released on the Blue Note label featuring performances by Kelly with Oscar Pettiford/Franklin Skeete and Lee Abrams recorded in 1951. The CD reissue features 11 additional tracks.
 Private Eyes is the tenth studio album from Daryl Hall and John Oates released in 1981. The album includes two #1 hits—the title track Private Eyes and I Can't Go for That (No Can Do) as well as the top ten hit Did It in a Minute. I Can't Go for That (No Can Do) also spent a week at the top of the R&B charts—a rare accomplishment for a white act.
 Magik Three: Far From Earth is the third album in the Magik series by well-known trance DJ/producer Tiësto. As with the rest of the Magik series the album is a live turntable mix.
 Yoshimi Wins! is an extended play recording of previously unreleased live performances by The Flaming Lips. It was released by Warner Bros. Records on November 15 2005.
 Relax Edition 2 is the seventh studio album by Trance duo Blank & Jones. It was released in 2005.
 A Day in the City (subtitled Six Jazz Variations on a Theme) is the debut album by pianist Don Friedman recorded in 1961 and released on the Riverside label.
 Hot Tuna is the self-titled debut album by the blues-rock band Hot Tuna released in 1970 as RCA Victor LSP-4353. It was recorded live at the New Orleans House in Berkeley California in September 1969. It peaked at #30 on the Billboard 200 album chart.
 Even Better Than the Real Thing Vol. 2 is an Irish charity album featuring a variety of artists performing acoustic cover versions of popular songs. It was released in 2004 by RMG Chart Entertainment Ltd. Just like volume 1 most of the songs on the album were recorded live and acoustic on The Ray D'Arcy Show on Today FM.The album was made in aid of the National Children's Hospital in Tallaght & Barretstown.
 The Moving Frontier is the eleventh album by Pram in 15 years released in September 2007. In that same year Wire Magazine named The Moving Frontier #7 in their top ten records of the year.
 The Dance is the fifth studio album by saxophone player Dave Koz. It was released by Capitol Records on September 28 1999. The album peaked at number 2 on Billboard Top Contemporary Jazz Albums chart. The album has been sold more than 500000 copies and was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 1000 Thoughts of Violence is the fourth album by Indonesian extreme metal band Kekal released in 2003. The central theme of the album is moral decline and the violent nature of humanity. This was the first and only major studio album by the band without the skills of additional guitarist Leo Setiawan.It is one of four albums available for free download on the official website.
 Understand This Is a Dream is the debut album by Greensburg Pennsylvania Rock band The Juliana Theory released on March 23 1999 by Tooth and Nail Records.
 Boiled Beef & Rotting Teeth is the second EP by the Seattle grunge band Mudhoney. It was released in 1989 and contains the band's first two singles –Touch Me I'm Sick and You Got It– along with the b-sides of each. The song Hate the Police would also be released as a single. The songs on this EP were later included on the compilation album Superfuzz Bigmuff Plus Early Singles (1990).
 Shrink is the fourth album by German indie rock/electronica group The Notwist. The album is notable for its movement away from the group's punk origins and including elements of electronica ambient and jazz.
 Winners is the second album by American New York City based Kleeer.
 Magnum Force is the second album from hip hop duo Heltah Skeltah. After the release of their acclaimed 1996 debut Nocturnal Rock and Ruck recorded an album titled For the People with its crew the Boot Camp Clik in 1997. They followed up in 1998 with their second full-length which received harsh reviews and accusations of the duo toning down its content to receive more sales.
 Kokia Infinity Akiko: Balance (stylised as KOKIA∞AKIKO ～balance～) is Kokia's ninth equal studio album released simultaneously with Akiko Infinity Kokia: Balance in March 2009.Two songs from the album feature on Kokia's greatest hits collection Coquillage: The Best Collection II: Dōke and Kono Mune no Kurushimi ga Itooshii Hodo ni Ikite.To promote the albums Kokia embarked on her first world tour Infinity.
 Summertime is the fifth album to be released by Philadelphia International Records houseband MFSB.
 Nije da nije (English: It's Not That It's Not) is the tenth studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Stoja. It was released on 6 May 2013.Her previous album Naj naj (Best Best) was released in July 2009. Starting in 2010 Stoja stated that she would release a couple singles yearly rather than release a complete tenth album. Between March 2010 and October 2012 she released eight non-album singles. Near the end of 2012 she announced plans to record a full tenth studio album.
 Handful of Stars (Ukrainian: Пригорща Зірок Pryhorshcha Zirok) is the eighth full-length album by Ukrainian black metal band Drudkh released in 2010 on Season of Mist's Underground Activists label.The guitar sound on this album is significantly cleaner than that on any previous album the band had released with the exception of the band's folk album Songs of Grief and Solitude. Critics and fans noticed a strong influence from post-rock and such bands as Alcest.
 The Creed is the eighth album released by Christian vocal group Avalon their fifth studio project. It is the first Avalon album to include Greg Long (group member Janna Long's husband) who replaced Michael Passons after his unexpected departure in mid-2003. The Creed debuted and peaked at #104 on the Billboard 200 chart for the week of March 13 2004 and to date has spent a total of eight weeks there.
 39 (サンキュ Sankyu) is the first studio album by Mikuni Shimokawa. The album was released on March 1 2000.The album was completed with twelve songs that include largely the work of Kohmi Hirose. There is one new song on this album that was created solely by Shimokawa Mikuni.
 Chris Knight is the self-titled debut album from country music singer and songwriter Chris Knight. It was released on February 10 1998 by Decca Nashville. Singles from it were Framed and It Ain't Easy Being Me although neither charted.
 Benny Anderssons orkester is the first album by Benny Anderssons orkester released in June 2001.
 Organik is the third studio album by Robert Miles released on June 11 2001. The first he independently recorded and produced after quitting his record company it marked a complete departure from the style of his first two albums.
 Viva La Decadence is the debut album by English rock band King Lizard. A music video of the title track Viva La Decadence has been released a month prior to the album
 Fuse is the eighth studio album by Australian country music singer Keith Urban. It was released on 10 September 2013. The album's lead single Little Bit of Everything was released on 14 May 2013. The album features duets with Miranda Lambert and Eric Church.
 Revolucija (English: Revolution) is the third studio album by Bosnian singer Selma Bajrami. It was released in 2001.
 Raise the Dead is the fourth studio album by rock band Phantom Planet. It was released on April 15 2008. The CD includes reworked versions of Leader and Geronimo both of which appeared on the Limited Edition Tour EP as well as a reworked version of Do the Panic which originally appeared on the band's 'bootleg' fanclub CD Phantom Planet: Negatives.Early on in the recording process Phantom Planet's contract with Epic Records expired which left them searching for a new record label.
 Selections for Friends – Live from: Schubas Tavern Chicago Montalvo Winery Saratoga California is a half solo-acoustic (Schubas Tavern in Chicago) and full-band unplugged (Montalvo Winery Saratoga) album by American singer/songwriter Jason Mraz released by digital download only on February 13 2007.The first song Welcome to Schubas (Medley) is actually the song Running followed by the entire The E Minor EP in F (minus Love Is Real) with the song Eyes Open (Remember My Name) mixed into the set.The Beauty in Ugly (Ugly Betty Version) is the Jason Mraz song Plain Jane which was reworked by Mraz for the TV show Ugly Betty.
 Jamaican Funk—Canadian Style is the debut album of Canadian emcee Michie Mee in collaboration with DJ L.A. Luv released May 14 1991. It was released on First Priority/Atlantic Records in the United States where 60000 copies were sold. The album which also featured dancehall reggae music was nominated for Rap Recording of the Year at the 1992 Juno Awards. The only single Jamaican Funk was released in 1990.
 Within the Realm of a Dying Sun is the third studio album by Australian musical act Dead Can Dance. It was released on 27 July 1987 by record label 4AD.
 All My Love is South Korean boy band SS501's second full length Japanese studio album. The album was released on May 13 2009 by Pony Canyon.Although they were doing a cappella performances during their past years before it was their first time to record and include an a cappella title track to their album All My Love.
 Sinatra ’57 in Concert is a 1999 live album by the American singer Frank Sinatra.It is a complete recording of a concert performed at the Seattle Civic Auditorium on June 9 1957. It was digitally remastered and officially released from a recording made by Wally Heider and first released as a bootleg. Nelson Riddle the arranger conducted the orchestra at this concert.
 Box of Secrets is the debut album by singer-songwriter Zarif. It was released on 30 August 2010.
 The Louder Now DVD: PartTwo is Taking Back Sunday's first live and the second installment to 2006's The Louder Now DVD: PartOne release.
 piouhgd is an album by American alternative rock band the Butthole Surfers released in 1991 on Rough Trade Records. The album was reissued on Capitol Records in 1992 due to the album being out-of-print following the US branch of Rough Trade closing doors the previous year. The album was reissued yet again in October 2007 by the Butthole Surfers' own label Latino Buggerveil and included the four songs from their 1989 EP Widowermaker as bonus tracks.
 Rambler is an album by Hungarian guitarist Gábor Szabó featuring performances recorded in 1973 and released on the CTI label.
 Clubland are a series of compilation albums from Clubland released by Universal Music TV AATW.
 Matchbook is an album by Cold Chisel member Ian Moss released in 1989. It spent 3 weeks at the top of the Australian Album charts in 1989 and was preceded by the single Tucker's Daughter which was also a No. 1 hit. The first four tracks on the album were all released as singles. Matchbook was the first solo album for Moss and featured several songs written for him by Don Walker also from Cold Chisel.
 Beatles for Sale is an EP released 6 April 1965 by the Beatles. The EP was only released in mono. Its catalogue number is Parlophone GEP 8931. It was also released in Australia and India.It entered the EP chart on 10 April and reached the top spot on 24 April. It remained there for five weeks and spent another week at number one from 12 June.Beatles for Sale was the group's eighth official EP. As with previous releases it featured sleeve notes by the group's publicist Tony Barrow.
 Iris Maxima is the eleventh album by Romanian hard rock group Iris.
 House Arrest (Haunted Graffiti 5) is the fifth album from Ariel Pink's Haunted Graffiti series first released in September 2002 as two CD set with Lover Boy re-issued on January 24 2006 by Paw Tracks and Ballbearings Pinatas.
 Saxobeats is the debut studio album by Romanian dance/pop singer Alexandra Stan. The album was released on August 29 2011 on Play On/Jeff Records in France following a worldwide release step-by-step until early 2012. Four singles were spawned from the album: Get Back (ASAP) Lollipop (Param Pam Pam) 1.000.000 and the worldwide number-one hit Mr. Saxobeat. The album contains thirteen tracks (eight distinct song plus five remixes).
 Make Believe is the third album by torch song singer Jessica Molaskey accompanied by an all-star musical group that includes Bucky Pizzarelli and John Pizzarelli. Guest singer Adam Guettel joins her for a duet on Glad to Be Unhappy.
 Strain is the third studio album by American industrial group Flesh Field which was released on November 8 2004 on Metropolis Records. This is not only Flesh Field's debut album on Metropolis Records but this is also their first album that features the vocals of Wendy Yanko after the departure of Rian Miller.
 Miedo Escenico is the first solo studio album by the Chilean singer and ex-member of the Chilean rock band La Ley Beto Cuevas. The album was released in Latin America on 23 September 2008 and in the United States on 30 September 2008 by Warner Brothers.
 Rhythm Country and Blues is an album featuring duets between R&B and country music artists on classic songs. It was released by MCA Records on March 1 1994. The album debuted at #1 on Top Country Albums and #15 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums charts.
 4 (Ensemble) Compositions (1992) is an album by American saxophonist and composer Anthony Braxton recorded in 1993 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 Love Child is the second definitive release of the Ann Arbor Michigan-based band Ella Riot formerly My Dear Disco. The band was active from 2007 to 2011 and went into hiatus in October 2011. Being a studio recording and final release Love Child is the band's second definitive work. It was engineered and recorded at Mission Sound studio. The band released a music video of the album's fourth track It Could Be.
 Percussion Bitter Sweet is an album by jazz drummer Max Roach recorded in 1961 released on Impulse! Records.
 Get That Paper is a collaborative album by Daz Dillinger and rap group Fratthouse formed by G.B. (the son of RBX) and E-Money (the cousin of Snoop Dogg).
 Deeper Life is an album released by Natalie Grant in 2003.
 The Transformation is the second studio album by American Gospel Artist James Fortune and his choir F.I.Y.A. The album was released on March 13 2007 for the Worldwide Music Label. The album charted at number 119 on the Billboard 200 and 3 on the Top Gospel Charts. The album released two singles: I Trust You (peaked at number 52 on the Top R&B Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks) and I Wouldn't Know You (peaked at number 2 on the Top Gospel Songs chart).
 Evil Redux is the fifth album from the Swedish Heavy Metal band Syron Vanes released in 2013 It was produced by Anders Hahne.
 II is the second studio album by electronic trio Moderat. It was released in August 2013 under Monkeytown.
 Showgirl Homecoming Live is a live album by Australian pop singer Kylie Minogue. It was recorded during the second night of Minogue's Showgirl Homecoming Tour in Sydney Australia and was released by Parlophone on 8 January 2007 in Europe. The album reached number seven on the United Kingdom albums chart and was certified silver.The album omitted Butterfly - Sandstorm Dub Interlude.
 Refried Ectoplasm (Switched on Volume 2) released in July 1995 is a compilation by Stereolab of singles and rarities.
 Young and Foolish is the second comedy album released by Northern Irish comedian and actor James Young.The album cover features a picture taken by Stanley Matchett. In the picture Young and his business partner Jack Hudson are standing on the back of an Ulster Transport Authority bus. Each man has a speech bubble coming from his mouth. Husdon's states James Young in with Young's replying Young and Foolish. The back cover features a poem and sleeve notes written by John Knipe.
 Tubular Bells III The Premiere Performance is a live concert video by Mike Oldfield released in 1998.It was released on VHS and Laserdisc in 1998 and later packaged with Tubular Bells II Live on DVD which was certified Gold in UK.
 Pawnshop Guitars is the debut solo album by the former Guns N' Roses guitarist Gilby Clarke released in 1994 via Virgin Records. Along with all the then current members of Guns N' Roses the album also features contributions from Pixies vocalist Frank Black and guitarist Ryan Roxie among others.
 World History was a compilation album by Christian rock band Mad at the World. It highlighted songs from their first six studio albums but not their last one (The Dreamland Café).
 Big Muff is an album by The Killer Barbies. It was released in 1998 on Toxic Records.
 Panta Mazi is an EP and debut release by Greek artist Kostas Martakis released in November 2006 by Sony BMG Greece. All songs are included on his debut album Anatropi which was the following year on July 20 2007.
 Twice the Violence and its companion video All the Sex were both sold by Slave Pit Inc. through mail order. These two videos were later edited together into Tour De Scum for commercial release although several songs were cut out to shorten it down to 60 minutes.
 Kilt II is the fifth solo mixtape by American rapper Iamsu!. The mixtape was released on June 6 2013 independently for free. Then on July 9 2013 a deluxe edition of the mixtape was released to digital music retailers. Production on the mixtape was primarily handled by Iamsu! and other members of the group The Invasion among others such as Trackademicks and Tha Bizness.
 Brian Wilson Reimagines Gershwin is the ninth studio album by Brian Wilson released on August 17 2010 by Walt Disney Records as part of the Disney Pearl Series. The album consists of covers of ten George and Ira Gershwin songs bookended by passages from Rhapsody in Blue along with two new songs completed from unfinished Gershwin fragments by Wilson and band member Scott Bennett.The cover artwork is an homage to the album cover for the 1958 jazz LP Sonny Clark Trio by Sonny Clark.
 The Blackening is the sixth album by American heavy metal band Machine Head. Released on March 27 2007 in the U.S. The Blackening sold 16000 units in its first week and became Machine Head's second highest charting release at number 54 on the Billboard 200 and charted in the Top 20 throughout many countries in the rest of the world.
 Interpol Remix is the first remix EP by American rock band Interpol.
 Right Place Wrong Time is a 1976 album by blues singer and guitarist Otis Rush. Although regarded as one of his finest recordings the album was not issued until five years after it was recorded.
 Soul Story is an album by organist Charles Earland which was recorded in 1971 and released on the Prestige label.
 Cowboy Town is the tenth and final studio album by country music duo Brooks & Dunn. It was released October 2 2007 (see 2007 in country music) on Arista Nashville.
 Thomas Rhett is the debut EP from country musician Thomas Rhett. The EP was released on August 28 2012 and ranked No. 3 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart.
 Blue Collar Solitude is the first studio album by American band Kilgore (Smudge) released on November 7 1995 through label Warner Bros. Records.
 The Lost & Found is an EP record by Rasputina the first edition of which was self-released in 2001 and the second edition featuring two more cover songs was released in 2003 by Instinct Records. It consists of covers of songs by Creedence Clearwater Revival Pink Floyd Marilyn Manson Pat Benatar The Velvet Underground and Led Zeppelin as well as a rendition of Mother Goose's nursery rhyme This Little Piggy.
 Portfolio is the 19th studio album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge. It was released in 1990 and it includes the hits Cantaré Sin Amor and the club hit Fuiste Un Sueño. Seven out of ten tracks in this album were composed by Venezuelan singer/songwriter Ricardo Montaner.
 Barrage is the self-titled debut album by the band of the same name. It was recorded by the original cast of Barrage and was released in the year 2000. The album contains many songs performed in the group's A Violin Sings A Fiddle Dances world concert tour.
 Time Remembered is a live album by jazz pianist Bill Evans with Chuck Israels and Larry Bunker partially recorded at the Shelly Manne's club in Hollywood California in May 1963 but not released until 1983 on the Milestone label as a 16-track double LP. It would be later reissued on CD in 1999 with only 13 tracks. The trio performances were recorded at the same sessions that produced At Shelly's Manne-Hole (1963) and were first released on The Complete Riverside Recordings (1987).
 Everything Is Different is the sixth studio album by the Contemporary worship duo Shane & Shane. The album was released on November 3 2009 by Inpop Records label and the producers on the release are Jason Hoard Pete Kipley and Shane & Shane.
 Return to the Last Chance Saloon is the second album by English rock band The Bluetones. It was released on 9 March 1998 on Universal Records. The album is currently certified Gold by the BPI. Its offspring singles were Solomon Bites the Worm If... Sleazy Bed Track and 4-Day Weekend.
 Fubar: The Album is the companion record/soundtrack to the 2002 Canadian film FUBAR: The Movie.The protagonists of the film are two head bangers; for the album several contemporary Canadian rock bands were asked to record cover versions of Canadian heavy metal and hard rock hits from that era to complement the film.
 Beautiful (Chinese: 美丽人生) is the fifth studio album of Fish Leong (Chinese: 梁静茹) released on February 12 2003.
 Ladies' Choice is an album by American country music artist George Jones released in 1984 on the Epic Records label. It was composed largely of duets with female artists.
 The Ultimate Collection (European Version) is a two-disc compilation album of Barbra Streisand released by Sony BMG in 2003.This is the compilation The Essential launched in 2002 the same coverinsert and the songs.The album peaked #4 in Netherlands #14 in Austria and #9 in German.
 Get Up Stand Up is the last studio album released by Shabba Ranks; it contains many remixes of previous songs recorded by Shabba Ranks.
 Heavy Weather is the eighth album by Weather Report released in 1977 through Columbia Records. The release originally sold about a half million copies which would prove to be the band's most commercially successful album. Some consider it to be Weather Report's best album artistically as well. Heavy Weather received an initial 5 star review from Down Beat magazine and went on to easily win jazz album of the year by the readers of that publication.
 Life Goes On is the sixth studio album by the Canadian country music singer Terri Clark. It was released in 2005 as her final album for Mercury Records. It produced three singles in She Didn't Have Time Damn Right and Slow News Day. After this album's release she left Mercury Records.The album was originally to be called Honky Tonk Songs with the first single being The World Needs a Drink.
 MIRAGE is the second studio album from the I've Sound singer Mell released on October 27 2010. The album contains eight new songs one old song from an album released on Comic Market away back 2002 and a remix of her famous song Red Fraction which was used as an opening theme for the OVA of the anime series Black Lagoon.
 The Flower King is the third solo album by Roine Stolt. The original line-up for the album consisted of Stolt (vocals electric guitar bass guitar keyboards) Jaime Salazar (drums) and Hasse Fröberg (vocals). They later formed the band The Flower Kings.
 Ultima Thulée is the first full-length studio album by black metal band Blut Aus Nord.
 The Girls Just Want to Have Fun soundtrack was released in 1985 on vinyl and cassette in the U.S. on the PolyGram Records/Mercury Records label but failed to gain a Compact Disc release.
 Tu-Plang (ตู้เพลง Thai for Jukebox) (1996) was the first album released by Regurgitator after making two EPs. The band chose to record the album in Bangkok Thailand to the complete bemusement of their label Warner Music who weren't really sure what A&R exec Michael Parisi had actually signed. It was the band's only full-length work released in the USA.
 Single Life is a 1985 album by the funk/R&B group Cameo. The album reached No. 62 on the Billboard charts and the title track also reached No. 15 in the UK charts.
 Romantic Cello Concertos is a 2009 CD by Julian Lloyd Webber released by Sony Classics. It contains the world premiere recording of Joaquin Rodrigo's Concierto como un divertimento which was dedicated to Julian Lloyd Webber.
 Weiß & Schwarz (German for White & Black) are two albums by German hard rock band Böhse Onkelz. Both were released at the same time in 1993. The track numbering begins on Weiß with 1 and ends on Schwarz with 23.
 Greatest Hits Live – Vancouver 1986 is the fifth live album and 24th album overall from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in the on October 2 2001 (Varése Sarabande 302 066 259 2) on CD.
 Still Wreckin' is a collaborative album released on October 28 2008 by Houston rappers Lil Keke and the late Big Hawk.
 Soft Hail is an album by folk-singer John Craigie. It was released on February 25 2008. It features a more mellow and folkier sound similar to his first album i always -ed you.
 The Threeep – Part I – Starting is the first limited edition 7 single from a set of three with A-sides instrumentals and B-sides from the forthcoming album The Dark Leaves from Matt Pond PA. It is also available as a digital download on iTunes and Amazon MP3.
 Monster Maker is a collaborative album between rapper C-Rayz Walz and hip hop producer Sharkey. Sharkey describes the title of the album as the breaking point in day-to-day life.
 360° (sometimes credited as 360 Degrees or simply 360) is the debut studio album by Puerto Rican recording artist Chelo released in 2006. His first single Cha Cha hit #1 on the iTunes Latin music downloads chart. Following singles from this album include Yummy and Un Corazón. The album is recorded in Spanglish.
 Notorious is the fourth studio album by Duran Duran. Released in November 1986 it peaked at #16 in the UK and #12 in the US. The singles Notorious and Skin Trade demonstrated a Duran Duran reaching for funk heavy on bass and brass.
 Escalator is the only album by the Sam Gopal band released in 1969 on the small Stable Records label. The band also released a single Horse with the B-side a Willie Dixon cover Back Door Man just before the release of the album which the re-released album includes as bonus tracks. Ian Fraser Kilmister later known as Lemmy joined the band after playing in The Rockin' Vickers but appears as Ian Willis as he was considering changing his surname to that of his stepfather George Willis.
 Ocean 2: The Answer is the seventeenth album by German progressive rock band Eloy released in 1998. It was the conceptual and some would say musical follow-up to the band's 1977 album Ocean.This album saw the addition to the band of drummer Bodo Schopf.The keyboard outro to Reflections from the Spheres Beyond is very reminiscent of the main theme to the '70s American sci-fi TV series Battlestar Galactica.
 Live in Hellvetia is the first live DVD by the German power metal band Freedom Call. It was released on May 20 2011 by SPV. The album was recorded December 29 2010 in Z7 Pratteln Switzerland
 Hit Collection is a compilation album of recordings by Boney M. released by Sony BMG in 2007.This is a re-release of the 1995 Ariola Express budget compilation Sunny also issued in 2001 with new artwork.
 The Heart of Saturday Night is the second studio album by singer and songwriter Tom Waits released in 1974 on Asylum Records. In 2003 the album was ranked number 339 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time his highest placing. The album cover is based on In the Wee Small Hours by Frank Sinatra. Cal Schenkel was the art director and the cover art was by Lyn Lascaro aka Napolean.The song was a tribute to Jack Kerouac
 Groovin' is the third studio album by Bill Wyman's Rhythm Kings.
 Everything is Amplified is the third studio album by the Danish electrorock band VETO. It was released February 2011.
 Crickets is the eighth studio album by American country music artist Joe Nichols. It was released on October 8 2013 via Red Bow Records. The album includes a cover of Merle Haggard's Footlights. This album sold 12330 albums its first week.
 Volume 4 was an album released in 2003 by British musician Joe Jackson. It was the first album to feature the Joe Jackson Band since the 1980 release Beat Crazy and it was Jackson's first rock 'n' roll album since Laughter and Lust which was released in 1991. As before the Joe Jackson Band consisted of Jackson Graham Maby David Houghton and Gary Sanford. It was released to moderately positive reviews.
 The Light of the Sun is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Jill Scott released June 21 2011 on Blues Babe Records and Warner Bros. Records. It is her first release by the label following her four-year hiatus from recording music and departure from former label Hidden Beach Recordings. Production for the album took place at several recording studios and was handled primarily by Scott and collaborator JR Hutson.
 Beyond the End of Despair... is the third full length album by Japanese power metal band Galneryus. It was released on July 12 2006.
 Keep Your Eye on Me is a pop/R&B/dance album by Herb Alpert released in 1987. It contains two hit singles Diamonds and Making Love in the Rain (both featuring lead and background vocals by Janet Jackson and Lisa Keith). These Billboard Top 40 hits along with the title track and Pillow (featuring co-lead vocals by Alpert and singer/wife Lani Hall) were produced by Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis.
 One Dozen Roses is a 1971 album by Smokey Robinson & The Miracles issued on Motown Records' Tamla label. The penultimate album before lead singer Smokey Robinson departed the group for a solo career One Dozen Roses features the Top 20 Billboard Hot 100 hit single I Don't Blame You At All.
 Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Radio Sunnydale – Music from the TV Series is the second Buffy the Vampire Slayer soundtrack album following on from Buffy the Vampire Slayer: The Album.Radio Sunnydale concentrates on Buffy's fifth to seventh seasons though a few tracks from earlier seasons (like Christophe Beck's score cut on the UK version from season three's The Zeppo) are also included.
 Antologia Acústica is an acoustic compilation album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho. It was released in 1997 and went double-platinum and triple-platinum in 2004 with more than 750.000 copies sold.
 Fore! is the fourth album by American rock band Huey Lewis and the News released in 1986 (see 1986 in music). The album hit number one on the Billboard 200 album chart and contained five top-ten Billboard Hot 100 singles including the number-one hits: Stuck with You and Jacob's Ladder.
 Porno Graffitti is the seventh studio album by the Japanese pop-rock band Porno Graffitti. It was released on August 29 2007.
 Crosscurrent is ukulele artist Jake Shimabukuro's second U.S. solo album. It was released in August 2003.The album won the 2004 Na Hoku Hanohano Award for Instrumental Album of the Year. It also won the 2004 Hawaii Music Awards for Album of the Year and Instrumental Hawaiian Album of the Year.
 One Light One Sun is a music album by popular children's entertainer Raffi released in 1985 by Rounder Records today through their Rounder Kids label.
 The Best of Connie Smith Vol. 2 is the second compilation album by American country music artist Connie Smith. The album was released in March 1970 on RCA Victor Records and was produced by Bob Ferguson. The album contained Smith's major hits between 1967 and 1970 and included two new tracks You and Your Sweet Love which was released as a single and Only For Me which was not.
 Sol Veritas Lux is a CD release by the English folk/rock band Sol Invictus. It combines the first Sol Invictus release the mini-LP Against the Modern World with the second release the live album In the Jaws of the Serpent onto one CD.The music of this release is dark rough and primitive and counts among the earliest efforts of the post-industrial neofolk music scene.
 This article describes the 48th album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 48 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 48 released on November 11 2013 is the 48th edition of the Now! series in the United States.
 Emotional Rescue is the 15th British and 17th American studio album by The Rolling Stones released in 1980. Upon release it topped the charts in both the US and UK.
 Greatest Hits Volume 1 is a greatest hits compilation album by The Beatles which was exclusive to Australia and New Zealand. The album was compiled by EMI Australia to fill the in the gap between Rubber Soul and Revolver (much like A Collection of Beatles Oldies would in 1966 in between Revolver and Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band).A follow up album (Volume 2) was released in 1967.
 Vote for Love is a 1996 album by Kenny Rogers released exclusively for sale on QVC.
 Melissa Manchester is the self-titled and the eighth album release by singer-songwriter Melissa Manchester issued on Arista Records the first week of October 1979.Although it was reported in August 1979 that Manchester was recording a followup to her 1978 album release Don't Cry Out Loud album with the title cut's producer Harry Maslin at Cherokee Studios the tracks on the Melissa Manchester album were all recorded with producer Steve Buckingham at Web IV Studios in Atlanta in September 1979.
 L.A. Is My Lady is a 1984 studio album by Frank Sinatra featuring arrangements by Quincy Jones. It was the last solo album that Sinatra recorded though Sinatra recorded three further songs which were unreleased until The Complete Reprise Studio Recordings.The album came after an album of duets between Sinatra and Lena Horne instigated by Jones was abandoned after Horne developed vocal problems and Sinatra committed to other engagements couldn't wait to record.
 Greatest Hits of the 20th Century is the seventh album released by Béla Fleck and the Flecktones and their first greatest hits compilation album.
 Digital Dope is a studio album from rapper E.S.G. The single from the album is Actin' Bad. The album features Lil' Keke C-Note & Big T.
 Non al denaro non all'amore né al cielo (Not to Money Not to Love Nor to Heaven) is an album released by Fabrizio De André. It was issued in 1971 by Produttori Associati and reissued several times by Ricordi and BMG. It is a concept album based on the Spoon River Anthology by Edgar Lee Masters. The co-author of the music is composer Nicola Piovani who later won an Academy award for his soundtrack for Roberto Benigni's Life is beautiful.
 Innocent Eyes: Ten Year Anniversary Acoustic Edition is an acoustic compilation album by Australian recording artist Delta Goodrem which was released on 29 November 2013 by Sony Music Australia. The album features fourteen tracks all reworked in celebration of the tenth anniversary since Goodrem released the original album Innocent Eyes (2003) which has sold 1.2 million copies in Australia over four million worldwide and spent twenty-nine weeks at number one on the ARIA Albums Chart.
 Further Along is the title of a recording by The Dubliners. Following Ronnie Drew's departure from The Dubliners at the end of 1995 Paddy Reilly joined the group and this album was released in 1996 on their own new label Baycourt.
 In Concert is the third officially released live album by American folk rock duo America released by King Biscuit Records in 1995. The concert itself was recorded on September 4 1982 at the Blossom Music Center in Cuyahoga Falls Ohio for an installment of the King Biscuit Flower Hour radio show.King Biscuit has released this concert in at least four different packages since it first came on the market in 1995 (see Alternative cover art).
 Pac-Man is a 1992 EP by electronic music artist Richard D. James (Aphex Twin) released under the pseudonym of Power-Pill. The tracks on the album are remixes of the musical themes in the Pac-Man arcade game.Pac-Man (Heavy Mental Mix) appeared on the compilation Only For The Headstrong Vol.2 however it is merely a renamed version of Pac-Man (Mickey Finn's Yum Yum Mix).The Mickey Finn's Yum Yum Mix also samples the song Money by Pink Floyd.
 The Nearness of You (subtitled ballads played by Red Garland) is an album by American pianist Red Garland. Recorded in 1961 it was released on the Jazzland label in 1962.
 I Hear a Symphony is a 1966 album released by Motown girl group The Supremes on the Motown label.Positioned as a successful attempt to further bridge the gap between traditional pop music the traditional Motown sound and soul the album included the title track The Supremes' sixth number-one single and the Top Ten single My World Is Empty Without You.
 A Farmhouse Christmas is the first Christmas album by American country music duo Joey + Rory. It was released on October 11 2011 via Vanguard Records and Sugar Hill Records. The album contains twelve tracks ten of which are either new or not traditionally associated with Christmas. It includes the standards Away in a Manger and Blue Christmas as well as a cover of Merle Haggard's If We Make It Through December featuring background vocals from Haggard.
 Leaving Eden is the third studio album by contemporary Christian musician Brandon Heath. It was released on January 18 2011 through Reunion Records. This album received a nomination at 54th Grammy Awards for Best Contemporary Christian Music Album. During the week of January 21 2011 the album's first single Your Love was No. 1 on Christian Songs chart which it spent 27 weeks on the chart. Also the song was charted on the Heatseekers songs chart at the highest of No.
 10 Speed is the second studio album by the Canadian rock band Mystery Machine. It was released in Jan 23 1996 on the Nettwerk America label. 10 Speed was a notable album for being one of the first forays into mixing media and music in compact discs.
 Paws. is the only studio album by British indie band Pull Tiger Tail. The album was completed in February 2007 but management difficulties and trouble with the band's record label at the time B-Unique meant that it remained legally in the hands of the label even after the band were no longer signed to them. As of 2009 the album is in the hands of the band and was physically released on 14 September 2009 on CD and vinyl formats with the latter being a limited edition of 250 only.
 Black and White America is the ninth studio album by American singer songwriter multi-instrumentalist producer and arranger Lenny Kravitz released on August 30 2011. It is considered Kravitz's long awaited funk studio album originally intended for release before Baptism's last minute songwriting sessions.
 Reality is Dream's second album.
 Public Castration Is a Good Idea is a live album by the New York band Swans. It was recorded from shows in London and Nottingham on the Greed/Holy Money tour in 1986 the first six songs taken from a show at London's I.C.A. Public Castration Is A Good Idea is often regarded as the band's most brutal extant live album the song performances here are musically quite different from their studio versions in particular the lengthy minimal version of A Screw.
 Propaganda was a 2 disc compilation album released by the metalcore band Aftershock. It is made up of their two albums; Letters and Through the Looking Glass their Five Steps From Forever EP and a few rare tracks.
 Lost in Love is the fifth studio album by Australian soft rock band Air Supply released in March 1980. Their previous four albums never received much attention outside Australia but Lost in Love was a massive success on international charts. It peaked at #22 in the US with three Top 5 singles. It sold over 3 million copies reaching multi-platinum status.
 You Must Be Certain of the Devil is the fifth album by avant-garde performer Diamanda Galás and the third installment of her Masque of the Red Death Trilogy about the AIDS epidemic. The selections from this installment are rooted in American gospel music.
 Always Was Is And Always Shall Be is the debut studio album by American punk rock musician GG Allin recorded and released in 1980 on Orange Records. Except the first three songs which were recorded in 1978 and released as a single in 1979. The songs Cheri Love Affair and 1980's Rock 'N Roll were first recorded and released as a single in 1979 but rerecorded for this album.Most notable Allin's singing voice had not yet deteriorated.
 Seven Angels on a Bicycle is the first album released by Carrie Rodriguez. Seven Angels on a Bicycle was produced by Carrie Rodriguez and Chip Taylor and released by Train Wreck Records.
 Sentimental Journey is the second album by singer-actress Emmy Rossum and her first album in six years. Unlike her first album in which she co-wrote every song but one Sentimental Journey is a cover album and includes song from the 1920s through the 1960s. Sentimental Journey features many of the same people who worked on her first album including producer Stuart Brawley and musician Joe Corcoran.
 I Am... Yours: An Intimate Performance at Wynn Las Vegas is a live CD/DVD by American R&B recording artist Beyoncé. It was filmed at the Encore Theater Las Vegas by Ed Burke on August 2 2009 during a stint of Beyoncé's worldwide I Am... Tour (2009–2010). It features performances of over 30 songs including her solo material her recordings with the girl group Destiny's Child as well as behind-the-scenes footage.
 Punching Bag is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Josh Turner. It was released on June 12 2012 via MCA Nashville. Turner co-wrote eight of the album's eleven tracks. The album's second single Find Me a Baby released to country radio on October 15 2012.
 It Ain't Like In The Movies At All is the sixth studio album of the Croatian rock band Azra released through Diskoton in 1986.
 El Cangri.com is Daddy Yankee's second studio album. It was released in 2002 by V.I. Music. The album was a success in Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic with songs Latigazo Muévete y Perrea Dimelo and Ella Esta Soltera. Latigazo also received mainstream success in Spanish-language radio stations in Miami and New York City in the United States.
 Intrinsic is the second studio album by progressive metal band The Contortionist released through E1/Good Fight Music on July 17 2012.
 Anthem is the ninth studio album released by American pop rock group Hanson. The album is the fourth release through their own label 3CG Records. The album was released on June 18 2013 in the US and on July 1 2013 in the UK and Europe. The album charted at #22 on the US Billboard 200 making it their eighth album to chart in the top 40 of the US Billboard 200; the album also charted on #5 on the US Independent Albums Chart.
 Uđi slobodno... (English: Enter Freely...) is the fifteenth studio album by Bosnian singer Lepa Brena released in 2008 after an eight-year hiatus.This is her fourth of five solo albums without the band Slatki Greh.
 Into The Black is the twelfth album by guitarist/vocalist Richie Kotzen. It's the only Kotzen's album with a parental advisory sticker on it.
 Camper Van Beethoven Is Dead. Long Live Camper Van Beethoven is a 2000 rarities compilation album by Camper Van Beethoven released on Pitch-A-Tent Records. This album stands as the first product of the members of CVB beginning to collaborate again. The songs here are taken from a collection of old live recordings from the 1980s retooled and remixed combined with new songs unreleased demo takes and more.
 Guides to Growing Up is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver his first released on the Silverto label featuring performances by Silver with Eddie Harris Joe Diorio Bob Magnusson and Ron McCurdy with recitations by Bill Cosby and vocals by Weaver Copeland and Mahmu Pearl.In a 1981 interview Silver stated This is jazz and actually it's adult music. But it's music for everybody.
 The Psychomodo is the second studio album by Cockney Rebel. Produced by Steve Harley and Alan Parsons it was released by EMI Records on 2 June 1974. The album failed to chart on the American charts but charted at number eight in the United Kingdom.The album was re-released in 1992 on compact disc with two bonus tracks.
 Massive Aggressive is the fourth studio album by American thrash metal band Municipal Waste. It was released on August 25 2009 through Earache Records. The album artwork was done by Andrei Bouzikov bassist of Deadfall.
 Loud Tour Live at the O2 is the second live long-form video by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. It was first released on December 13 2012 through Def Jam Recordings. The DVD and Blu-ray Disc release feature her concert at The O2 Arena in London as part of the Loud Tour (2011) in support of her fifth studio album Loud (2010).
 Suicide Pact is the debut album by Los Angeles-based band JJAMZ released by Dangerbird Records on July 10 2012. It was released on CD and vinyl on July 17 2012. A free download of the single Heartbeat can be obtained on their website. In an interview Z Berg stated that all of us (JJAMZ) wrote the songs.
 Twentysomething is the third album by Jamie Cullum. It was released in 2003 in his native UK and in May 2004 in the United States.On this release Cullum performs some original material as well as some covers and standards. The first single from the album is These Are the Days.
 Merry Christmas is a Christmas album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released by Columbia Records in 1965. This his second holiday LP is focused exclusively on 20th century compositions unlike 1963's The Andy Williams Christmas Album which of its 12 tracks had six with origins predating the turn of the century.For the six consecutive holiday seasons from 1965 through 1970 Merry Christmas charted on Billboard magazine's special year-end weekly Christmas Albums sales chart.
 Before the Dinosaurs is the second studio album by Danish singer-songwriter Aura Dione. The album was released on November 4 2011 by Universal Music. It was preceded by the lead single Geronimo on September 19 2011. Upon its release the album received mixed reviews from most music critics who compared the singer to Lady Gaga but felt the album was over-produced.
 Light & Magic is the second studio album by English electronic band Ladytron. It was released on 17 September 2002 by Telstar Records in the United Kingdom and by Emperor Norton in the USA.
 Death and the Flower is the third album on the Impulse label by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett. Originally released in 1975 it features performances by Jarrett's 'American Quartet' which included Dewey Redman Charlie Haden and Paul Motian with Guilherme Franco added on percussion.
 Homeland is a 2010 album by Laurie Anderson. It is her first album of new material since 2001's Life on a String. The record was produced by Anderson Lou Reed and Roma Baran. Anderson has been touring the project since late 2007 and the album was slated for release since as early as 2008. Because the project kept changing in form the release was pushed back several times.
 B.L.E.V.E. is the debut studio album by Kansas City rapper Kutt Calhoun released on August 10 2004.
 Beware of Those is the fifth album released by Mac Mall and the eighth album released by JT the Bigga Figga. It was released on June 27 2000 by Get Low Recordz and featured production from Mac Mall and JT the Bigga Figga.
 Christmas by the Bay recorded at the Sail Loft in the Washington Navy Yard is Burl Ives's last original Christmas album. It includes only one new Christmas song by Ives: The Sense of Christmas. The other songs are new performances of previously recorded songs: Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer; A Holly Jolly Christmas; Christmas by the Bay (cf. Christmas at the White House 1972); White Christmas (cf. Have a Holly Jolly Christmas 1966); and The Friendly Beasts (cf.
 Eesti Kullafond [Estonian Gold Foundation] is a series of albums of Estonian classic artists. This album has most of the Singer Vinger's recorded original songs. A notable exclusion is Valvuri laul from Ärq ei lääq the reason probably being that the album is not yet outdated and so people would still buy it. It has 2 CD-s and a DVD.
 Wax is the seventh studio album by French new wave band Indochine. It was released in 1996.
 Fast Life is the fourth studio album by rapper Paul Wall. It was released on May 12 2009 via Asylum Records unlike Paul's two prior albums which were released via Atlantic.
 The Genius After Hours is a 1961 album by Ray Charles. All of the songs were taken from the same three studio sessions that created the album The Great Ray Charles which featured the use of both a trio and a septet; the latter arranged by Quincy Jones. Also appearing on the album is David Fathead Newman on tenor and alto as well as the trumpeter Joseph Bridgewater. It was reissued in 1985 by Atlantic Jazzlore.
 Thelonious Monk Plays Duke Ellington is a 1955 album by Thelonious Monk comprising his recordings of well-known songs by Duke Ellington. It was Monk's first album to be released by Riverside Records and was recorded by Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack NJ. The album was reissued by Riverside on March 27 2007 in the United States and on April 16 2007 in the United Kingdom.
 Blame It On My Youth is an album by the Holly Cole Trio. Originally released in Canada in 1991 on Alert Records it was subsequently released internationally in 1992 on the Manhattan imprint of Capitol Records.
 I Only Want to Be with You is a rock-and-roll song by Mike Hawker and Ivor Raymonde. It was the first solo single released by British singer Dusty Springfield under her long-time producer Johnny Franz. It has since been recorded by many artists and has charted several times.
 Greetings From Cairo Illinois is a 2005 concept album and historical album by Stace England with songs referencing the history of Cairo Illinois from 1858 to 2005. The project encompassed five years of research and two years of writing and recording the music.The songs concern people places and things throughout Cairo's history including Ulysses S.
 Böse Menschen – Böse Lieder (German for Evil men - evil songs) is the second album by the German hard rock band Böhse Onkelz. It was released in 1985.
 Keeper of the Castle is an album by R&B group the Four Tops.
 Frederica von Stade – Mahler Songs is a single-disc LP album of orchestral songs by Gustav Mahler sung by mezzo-soprano Frederica von Stade with the London Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Andrew Davis. The album was released by CBS Masterworks in 1979 and includes Songs of a Wayfarer two songs from Des Knaben Wunderhorn and the Five Songs on Poems by Friedrich Rückert. These recordings are also now available for download in digital format.
 Turn It Up! The Very Best of Busta Rhymes is a compilation album by Busta Rhymes released in 2002.
 The Best of O'Bryan is a compilation of the Capitol Records career of R&B singer O'Bryan.
 Bangkok Shocks Saigon Shakes Hanoi Rocks is the first studio album by the Finnish rock band Hanoi Rocks released in 1981.Bangkok Shocks Saigon Shakes Hanoi Rocks was recorded in February 1981 between Hanoi Rocks' club shows. While the album was produced by Andy McCoy and Michael Monroe under the name The Muddy Twins (inspired by The Glimmer Twins) the album was recorded by Swedish Seppo Johansson who worked at the studio.
 An Echo of Hooves is a 2003 album by folk singer June Tabor.There were many albums consisting entirely of Child ballads in the 60s and 70s. By the 90s such albums became rare. This is an outstanding example from the 21st century. The Allmusic said of this album A stunning jewel in a remarkable career and one of the best things Tabor’s ever released. Three of these songs have been recorded only twice before.
 Episode is the fifth studio album by power metal band Stratovarius released on 22 April 1996 through Noise Records. It reached #21 on that year's Finnish albums chart and remained charted for six weeks. The album is the first to feature keyboardist Jens Johansson and drummer Jörg Michael both of whom would form part of Stratovarius' most stable line-up for nine years.
 This Is My Boomstick is The Stiletto Formal's second release it was released in early 2006. It also marked the last album ex-keyboard and percussionist Shelly Barnes and drummer Nole Kennedy perform on. Drums on track 1 2 and 4 were performed by Nole Kennedy but not track 3 due to Nole's departure during recording.
 Extended Versions is a live album by the Swedish rock band Europe. It was released on 27 March 2007.
 Elements Pt. 2 is the tenth studio album by power metal band Stratovarius released on 4 November 2003 through Nuclear Blast. The album reached #4 on that year's Finnish albums chart; its single I Walk to My Own Song reached #9 on the Finnish singles chart.
 Immigration is the fifth album of the Japanese rock group Show-Ya. The album was released on 5 November 1987 in Japan. Yasushi Akimoto and Kyōhei Tsutsumi worked together again in song composition. Makoto Matsushita arranged all the music this time collaborating with the band. This album was mixed by Andy Johns in Los Angeles. Immigration peaked at position No. 12 in the Japanese Oricon chart.
 Totally Krossed Out is the debut album by American hip hop duo Kris Kross. It was produced and largely written by Jermaine Dupri and released on March 31 1992 by Ruffhouse Records. After developing a musical concept for the duo Dupri spent two years writing and producing the album.
 Agápē is the second mixtape by American pop-R&B singer JoJo. It is of EP length unlike the previous mixtape. The mixtape was announced in early November 2012. JoJo recorded material specifically intended for the mixtape as JoJo didn't want to keep her fans waiting for new music any longer.
 EP is an EP by American rock band The 77s released in 1999 on the band's own Fools of the World label.
 M.Y.O.B. (a.k.a. Mind Your Own Business) (Espiritu Album 1970; Golden Egg Album 1234) is the seventh original album by American singer Deborah Gibson. It was released March 2001 on her own Golden Egg record label.
 Machine Gun is the debut studio album by The Commodores released on July 22 1974 on Motown Records. Unlike subsequent Commodores albums Machine Gun has only funk music and is devoid of slow-paced ballads. The titular lead song has Milan Williams on clavinet which led the Motown executive Berry Gordy to name the song Machine Gun as the clavinet work reminded him of gunfire.[citation needed] This track peaked at #7 on the R&B charts while reaching #22 on the overall pop charts.
 Tales Don't Tell Themselves is the third album by Welsh rock band Funeral for a Friend. It charted at #3 in the UK selling 25000 copies in its first week and later went gold.It was released on 14 May 2007. Before the release of the album the band released several short studio update videos informing fans of their progress.
 Titanic: Music from the Motion Picture is the soundtrack to the film of the same name composed orchestrated and conducted by James Horner. The soundtrack was released by Sony Classical on November 18 1997.
 Culinaire Lingus is an album by the French progressive rock band Ange. It was released in 2001.
 Hi-Skool Trivia is the debut EP released by the band Emanuel Nice. It was released by the German label Roddog Records.
 This article describes the 8th album in the U.K. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 8 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music 8 or Now 8 was released in 1986 on vinyl audio cassette and Compact Disc. The album is the eighth edition of the Now! series in the United Kingdom.
 Super Discount 2 is the third solo album by French DJ and producer Étienne de Crécy. It was released in 2004 through Disques Solid. The album is a sequel to de Crécy's influential 1996 album Super Discount.Each track title is the name of a peer to peer file sharing protocol some of which are no longer operating. Production credits are also given to other major French house producers. On Poisoned de Crécy is joined by Philippe Zdar AKA Cassius.
 Life Fight is an album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard recorded in January 1987 and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Hubbard Larry Willis Stanley Turrentine George Benson and Ralph Moore.
 Island Life is Grace Jones' compilation album released in December 1985 summing up the first nine years of her musical career. The album sits among Jones' best-selling works.
 Chaostheorie is the second album of the band Revolverheld. It showed success immediately peaking at the #3 in the German album charts and remaining in the top 10 for several weeks. So far the album has spawned three singles: Ich werd' die Welt verändern Du explodierst and Unzertrennlich.
 Outa Hand the second album by Coney Hatch was released in 1983.
 Déflaboxe is the fourth studio album by Québécois singer and musician Daniel Bélanger.
 Where Grass Won't Grow is an album by American country music artist George Jones. This album was released in 1969 (see 1969 in country music) on the Musicor Records label.
 Transport 4 is a mix album released by Max Graham in 2001. It was released on Kinetic Records. Note the name change in the series from Tranceport to Transport.
 Kingston's Current is the début album by solo artist Dave House.
 This article describes an album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see Discography of Now That's What I Call Music!.Now That's What I Call Music! 64 or Now 64 was released on 24 July 2006 on Compact Disc and for digital download. The album is the 64th edition of the original (UK) Now! series.
 Vintervisor is the name of the second album by the Swedish folk band Triakel. It was released in late 2000 on Mono Music AB.
 SUNDANCER is the seventh full length studio album released by German melodic hard rock band Fair Warning. The album was recorded in 2011 thru 2012 with final mixing and production concluding in early 2013. The CD was released in Japan in April 2013 and subsequently released in Europe and The United States in May and June 2013 respectfully. As with their previous release 2009's Aura the band recorded as a four piece with Tommy Heart (vocals) Helge Engelke (guitars) Ule W.
 Sweet Bird is the third album by Lani Hall.
 Egyptology is an album by World Party released in 1997 re-released in 2006. It contained the #31 British single Beautiful Dream and the award-winning She's the One among other songs. But the album was not a commercial success and Karl Wallinger was upset when his label Chrysalis used She's the One as a vehicle for pop artist Robbie Williams; Williams' version hit #1 on the British pop charts and won Williams several awards.
 Walk the Way the Wind Blows is the third album released by American country music singer Kathy Mattea. It was released in 1986 (see 1986 in country music) on Mercury Records. This album produced Mattea's first Top Ten country hit in Love at the Five and Dime which reached #3 on the Billboard country charts.
 Delenda is the first full length album by the progressive metal/mathcore band From a Second Story Window. It was their final release to feature lead guitarist and songwriter Derek Vasconi.
 Gift Wrapped - 20 Songs That Keep On Giving! or Gift Wrapped is a Christmas compilation album which was released in the United States on 1 December 2009 to iTunes and 8 December 2009 on Amazon.com. The album contains covers live tracks and an original songs from artists under the Warner Bros. Records Inc label and its subsidiaries. The cover of Mariah Carey's All I Want For Christmas Is You by My Chemical Romance appears on the 2004 album Kevin & Bean's Christmastime in the 909.
 Niji (虹 Rainbow) is the third studio album by Japanese recording artist Yui Aragaki. It was released on September 22 2010.
 Best of Scorpions Vol. 2 is a compilation album of songs by the German heavy metal band Scorpions released in 1984.
 Quark Strangeness And Charm is the seventh studio album by the English space rock group Hawkwind released in 1977. It spent 6 weeks on the UK albums chart peaking at #30.This is Hawkwind's seventh studio album hence The Hawkwind Part 7 title on the inner sleeve. It is the band's first album without co-founding member Nik Turner and drummer Alan Powell had also departed.
 Career Objective is the second album by punk rock band The Methadones.
 Melody Calling is the first EP by British indie rock band The Vaccines that follows the release of their second studio album Come of Age. The EP was released on Columbia Records on 11 August 2013 in the UK and 12 August worldwide. The EP features three new tracks and a remixed version of the second track Do You Want a Man? remixed by producers John Hill and Rich Costey.
 Nicole Renee is the self-titled debut album by former Teen Summit host Nicole Renee the daughter of a preacher who provided backup vocals on Ringo Starr's album Ringo Rama. On the album Renee who is also known as Nicole Renee Harris was compared to Deniece Williams and Ron Isley by Allmusic writer Alex Henderson.
 Live at the Fillmore — February 1969 is a live album released by the American rock band The Byrds in 2000 on Columbia Records. This release was compiled from two performances at the famed Fillmore West on February 7 & 8 1969. The album includes several songs not found on the group's studio albums.Recorded less than a week after the release of The Byrds' album Dr. Byrds & Mr.
 Otro Nivel De Música is the third studio album released by reggaetón artist J Alvarez on September 20 2011 through Universal Music Latino. The tracks were produced by reggaetón producer DJ Nelson.
 Christmass is an album by Frank Black. It was released on the Internet in December 2006 then to stores on CD and DVD on February 5 2007. The album consists of both live and studio recordings of old and new songs.
 Girls Girls Girls is a 1989 album collecting songs by British singer/songwriter Elvis Costello from 1977–86. Costello chose and ordered the tracks on the album himself and accompanied them with extensive liner notes. The title of the album is sometimes rendered as Girls! Girls! Girls! or Girls +£÷ Girls =$& Girls (using typography from the album cover).
 Hooray For Dark Matter was the debut album from Troy Van Leeuwen's (also of Queens of the Stone Age) side-project group Enemy.
 Recovery: Live! is a live album released by the American hard rock band Great White in 1988. Several versions of the album were released with variations in both covers and track listings. The US version feature 5 cover songs recorded direct-to-2-track in 1986 as well as 5 live songs from 1983. The CD release added the songs from the EP On Your Knees (re-issue of the original Out of the Night EP) as a bonus.
 Con Alma! is the second album led by saxophonist Charles McPherson recorded in 1965 and released on the Prestige label.
 The Los Angeles Guitar Quartet's Guitar Heroes (2004) won best Classical-Crossover Album at the 47th Grammy Awards. The CD pays respect to guitarists that have influenced LAGQ.
 Indeterminate Activity of Resultant Masses is a CD release by Glenn Branca from 2007 recorded in 1982. The CD also features an interview by Wim Mertens with John Cage who gives a very negative opinion about the music of Glenn Branca. The CD was released by Atavistic Records.
 Rockin’ the Suburbs is an alternative rock 2001 album by singer/songwriter Ben Folds. His first solo album after leaving his band Ben Folds Five (while still a part of Ben Folds Five he released an experimental album called Fear of Pop: Volume 1) Rockin’ the Suburbs is also Folds' most popular LP to date and includes the well-known title track. It was released on the same day as the September 11 attacks.
 Jacques Dutronc is the second studio album by the French singer-songwriter Jacques Dutronc released in 1968. Since Dutronc's first seven albums are all self-titled the album is commonly referred to by the titles Il est cinq heures after one of its singles and Comment elles dorment after its opening track.The single Il est cinq heures Paris s'éveille was number one on the French charts for one week from 23 March 1968.
 No Regrets is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Dope. The album was released on March 10 2009. The album debuted at #88 with 6200 copies sold in its first week making it the highest-charted album in the band's history even though American Apathy sold nearly 3000 more copies during its first week of release.
 Hello Laila is the debut album of R&B musician Laila. The album had one single Here We Go Again which sampled the beginning of the Emotions song Best of My Love and had echoes of Cheryl Lynn's Got to Be Real.
 Singles of the 90s is a compilation album by Swedish pop music group Ace of Base.
 Liquor in the Front (subtitled Poker in the Rear) is the third album by The Reverend Horton Heat. It was jointly released by Sub Pop and Interscope Records in July 1994. Al Jourgensen (of Ministry-fame) produced the album.The song In Your Wildest Dreams (along with The Reverend himself) was featured in a Homicide: Life on the Street episode from season four entitled Full Moon.
 Switch V is the fifth album by Switch and the last they recorded for Motown. Released in 1981 it was the band's first album not to feature brothers Bobby and Tommy DeBarge although Bobby does sing on one track and the last album to include Phillip Ingram who would depart for a solo career. New members Terrance Gaines and Attala Giles make their debuts on this album. After this album they signed to Total Experience Records in 1983.
 Horsebreaker Star is the third solo album by Grant McLennan a member of The Go-Betweens. McLennan recorded the album in Athens Georgia with American musicians. It was also the only ever double album associated with the Go-Betweens. In a 1995 interview he said the album had been a lot of work.I wanted it to be the kind of record that could be played by anyone but not too obvious.
 Double Brutal is the second full length album by As I Lay Dying vocalist Tim Lambesis' parody project Austrian Death Machine. Unlike the previous album Total Brutal Double Brutal is a two disc effort; the first disc composed of original songs inspired by Arnold Schwarzenegger movies and the second disc being covers of songs that can relate to Schwarzenegger movies.
 Soulsville is the ninth studio album from Huey Lewis and the News and the band's first since Plan B in 2001. The album was released on October 18 2010 in the United Kingdom and Europe and November 2 2010 in the United States. The album a tribute to the artists and music of Stax Records was the brainchild of the band's manager Bob Brown. As lead singer Huey Lewis explained the public isn't clamouring for new Huey Lewis & the News material.
 Watershed is the fifth solo studio album by k.d. lang and was released on February 5 2008 (2008-02-05). It is her first collection of original material since 2000's Invincible Summer. In the US it debuted at #8 on the Billboard 200 with approximately 41000 copies sold. In Australia it debuted at #3 on the ARIA Albums Chart and in its ninth week moved to the #1 spot up from the #38 position one week earlier.
 Delta Spirit is the 2012 self-titled album by the band Delta Spirit.It charted on the Billboard 200 reaching #1 on the Heatseekers chart #12 on the Tastemakers chart and #15 on the Alternative Albums chart.It spawned the single California which garnered significant radio airplay in the band's hometown of San Diego.
 Straight to the Sky is a 1989 album by Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam. It is best known for the lead track Little Jackie Wants to Be a Star. Follow up singles were Just Git It Together and Kiss Your Tears Away.
 Extra Special! is a 1967 compilation album by Peggy Lee.
 9 is the 5th French album and 7th studio album in total to be released by the singer Lara Fabian.The album is considered by many as a shift in Lara's music style and vocal performance primarily because it was Lara's first album that long time producer Rick Allison did not produce. The Album was produced by Jean-Félix Lalanne.
 H.N.I.C. Pt. 2 is the second solo album by Queens rapper Prodigy of Mobb Deep. It was released on April 22 2008.
 Svartir sandar is the fourth album by the Icelandic band Sólstafir. It was released on October 14 2011 through Season of Mist. A music video for the song Fjara was made in July of 2011 and released in January 2012.
 Hip Cake Walk is an album by organist Don Patterson recorded in 1964 and released on the Prestige label.
 Elsie is the first studio album by The Horrible Crowes a Gaslight Anthem side-project made up of Ian Perkins and Gaslight Anthem founder Brian Fallon. It was released on September 6 2011.
 This Is Not A Dream is an album by New Zealand band Dadamah. It was originally released on vinyl by the Majora label in 1992 and later re-released on CD by Kranky label in 1995. It compiles the material they recorded for Majora; a 6-track EP and two 7s.
 Monoliths & Dimensions is the sixth studio album by the avant-garde drone doom band Sunn O))). The album was created and recorded over a period of two years and features the collaborations of composer Eyvind Kang Australian guitar player Oren Ambarchi Hungarian vocalist Attila Csihar Dylan Carlson from the drone band Earth and trombonists Julian Priester and Stuart Dempster.
 Friends & People is the fifth album by R&B group The Friends of Distinction. Released in 1971. Produced by Jerry Peters
 Pretty Dark Things is the fifth studio album by hip hop group CYNE.
 Spanish Blue is an album by bassist Ron Carter recorded at Rudy Van Gelder's Studio in New Jersey in 1974 and released on the CTI label.
 The Zack and Miri Make a Porno soundtrack features audio clips and music from the 2008 comedy.
 Agnetha Fältskog is the self-titled debut studio album by Swedish pop singer and future ABBA member Agnetha Fältskog. It was released in Sweden in early 1968 through Cupol Records.
 Backroads is the fifth Studio Album by Country Music artist Ricky Van Shelton. The first three singles released from the album Rockin' Years (a duet with Dolly Parton) I Am a Simple Man and Keep It Between the Lines all were number 1 hits. After the Lights Go Out and Backroads charted at #13 and #2 respectively. The album was certified platinum by the RIAA on December 6 1991.
 Agus Amàrach an EP is the first CD released by Mistle Thrush a goth-identified band based in Boston Massachusetts. It came out in 1994 on Washington D.C.-based Bedazzled Records (catalog #BDZ19). It was followed by the band's debut full-length Silt in 1995. Agus amàrach is Celtic and translates as and tomorrow.
 Jam Session is a live album by American trumpeters Clifford Brown Clark Terry and Canadian trumpeter Maynard Ferguson featuring tracks recorded in early 1954 and released on the EmArcy label. The album was recorded at the same session that produced Dinah Washington's Dinah Jams and is often credited to the Clifford Brown All Stars.
 Eclectric is the third album by Psy'Aviah released by Alfa Matrix. A 2-disc limited edition was also made available under the title Eclectricism.
 Shut Up I Am Dreaming is the second LP by Sunset Rubdown. It was released in May 2006 on Absolutely Kosher Records. Shut Up I Am Dreaming is the first album showcasing the expanded Sunset Rubdown line-up featuring new members Camilla Wynn Ingr Michael Doerksen and Jordan Robson-Cramer. The album was met with critical acclaim. It was named the 27th best album of 2006 by Stylus Magazine and the 15th best on Pitchfork's Top 50 Albums of 2006.
 The Weird Tapes are a set of music tapes by the English rock group Hawkwind. Issued in the early 1980s they contain live radio sessions out-take and demo performances.Dave Brock collated this material from his own private library and issued them as 40 minute TDK cassette tapes on his own Weird imprint through Geoff Hocking. The first tape (101) was made available through mail order at the beginning of 1980 whilst the last tape (108) was first issued at the end of 1983.
 Rockapella (sometimes referred to as Devilbaby because of the image of a devil-costumed baby doll on its cover) is the eighth overall and third North American studio album by the a cappella group Rockapella. It contains mostly very-updated versions of previously recorded material following a membership change.
 Genesis is an album by American jazz drummer Elvin Jones recorded in 1971 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Guitar Town is the debut album from singer-songwriter Steve Earle released on March 5 1986. It topped the Billboard country album charts and the title song reached #7 on the country singles charts. Earle was also nominated for two 1987 Grammy Awards Best Male Country Vocalist and Best Country Song for the title track.The album was recorded in late 1985 and early 1986 in Nashville Tennessee at Sound Stage Studio. Overdubs were later recorded at Nashville's Emerald Studios.
 Open Season is the debut album by ska band the Stubborn All-Stars. It was released on September 8 1995.
 Rock a Little is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter and Fleetwood Mac vocalist Stevie Nicks.Released in late 1985 while Fleetwood Mac were still on a lengthy hiatus following their album Mirage in 1982 Rock a Little hit the top 20 in its second week and ultimately peaked at #12 on the U.S. Billboard charts and was certified platinum after just 1 month of its release for sales in excess of 1000000 units.
 Delightfulee Morgan is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label in 1966. It was recorded on April 8 & May 27 1966 and features performances by Morgan with a quintet featuring Joe Henderson McCoy Tyner Bob Cranshaw and Billy Higgins and a big band featuring Ernie Royal Tom McIntosh Jim Buffington Don Butterfield Phil Woods Wayne Shorter Danny Bank and Philly Joe Jones with arrangements by Oliver Nelson.
 The Stones Jazz is an album by jazz guitarist Joe Pass released in 1966.
 The History of Eric Clapton is a compilation double LP released in 1972 by Polydor Records in the United Kingdom and Atco Records in the United States. It features Eric Clapton performing in various bands between 1964 and 1970 including The Yardbirds Cream Blind Faith and Derek and the Dominos.
 Lonely Runs Both Ways is the twelfth album by bluegrass music group Alison Krauss & Union Station released November 23 2004. The album won the band three Grammy Awards in 2006 including Best Country Performance By a Duo or Group with Vocal for the song Restless Best Country Instrumental Performance for Unionhouse Branch and Best Country Album. The song A Living Prayer was honored with the award for Bluegrass Recorded Song of the Year from the Gospel Music Association.
 Here's to Life is a 1992 studio album by Shirley Horn arranged by Johnny Mandel (also the composer of three of the songs on the album) who received a Grammy Award for his work on this album. The title track Here's to Life became Horn's signature song.If You Love Me is her interpretation of the passionate Hymne à L'amour made famous by Edith Piaf.Summer is the first English version of the Italian standard Estate.
 The Hard Road: Restrung is a remix of Hilltop Hoods' previous album The Hard Road featuring the Adelaide Symphony Orchestra and American freestyle rapper Okwerdz. The album was released on 12 May 2007 in Australia with a launch show and one off performance with the Adelaide Symphony Orchestra at the Entertainment Centre on the release date. International guests Okwerdz and Mystro performed as a surprise for fans; they were not advertised on the bill.
 Assault Attack is the third studio album from The Michael Schenker Group and the only album to feature former Rainbow vocalist Graham Bonnet. The album was recorded in France at the Château d'Hérouville and was produced by Martin Birch.
 Jazz á la Bohemia (also released as Greenwich Village Jazz) is a live album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston's trio with saxophonist Cecil Payne which was recorded in 1956 at the Café Bohemia and released on the Riverside label.
 Up All Night is the debut studio album by English-Irish boy band One Direction released by Syco Records in November 2011 in Ireland and the United Kingdom followed by a worldwide release during 2012. After finishing third in the seventh series of British reality singing contest The X Factor in December 2010 One Direction began recording the album in Sweden UK and the United States working with a variety of writers and producers.
 Seventy Two and Sunny is rock/rap/pop artist Uncle Kracker's third album. It was released on Lava Records.
 Footprints is the first album by Australian singer Holly Valance released in the United Kingdom by London Records on 14 October 2002 (see 2002 in music).The album was a success in the United Kingdom where the first single Kiss Kiss reached the top position on the singles chart. Footprints peaked at number nine on the albums chart selling over 100000 copies and being certified Gold.In Valance's home country of Australia success was similar.
 The Watchman is a 1996 album by cellist Erik Friedlander which was released on the Tzadik label.
 Hiltia is the debut album by the German folk/black metal band Adorned Brood. It was released the March 1 1996 on Folter Records.
 Play It Like That is the second and final album by Australian female pop group Bardot released in November 2001 (see 2001 in music).The album debuted at number 16 in Australia and spawned the singles ASAP I Need Somebody and Love Will Find a Way.
 The Happy Blues is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1956 and released on the Prestige label.
 All the Pretty Little Horses (TheInmostLightItself) is an album by English band Current 93. It forms the second part of the Inmost Light trilogy; the first being 1995's Where the Long Shadows Fall (Beforetheinmostlight) and the last being 1996's The Starres Are Marching Sadly Home (Theinmostlightthirdandfinal). Unlike its bookends All the Pretty Little Horses is a full-length album.
 Anime Speed is a megamix compilation album of Dancemania's Speed series released by EMI Music Japan in 2005. The album features uptempo cover remixes of popular theme songs for various anime works such as Dragon Ball Z Slam Dunk and Neon Genesis Evangelion. The successor Anime Speed Newtype Edition was released in 2006.
 Sex and Violence is the final album released by hip hop group Boogie Down Productions. The next year 1993 the group's lead member KRS-One would begin recording under his own name.The track Build And Destroy deals with KRS-One's ideological differences—as a self-proclaimed humanist—with X-Clan and its brand of Afrocentrism. Previously and on numerous occasions the X-Clan had denounced any association with the concept instead affirming its pro-Black stance.
 Integral is a limited edition 26 CD box set of the works of renowned flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucía. All works have been remastered from the original source tapes.
 The Young and Defenceless is an EP by Welsh post-hardcore band Funeral for a Friend released on September 6 2010. The title of the EP from a lyric in the track Sixteen. This is the first release by Funeral for a Friend that includes bassist Richard Boucher and is also the first release to feature former bassist Gavin Burrough on guitars. The CD is limited edition available only to those who bought it at PledgeMusic.
 Sowing the Seeds is a music compilation video released by the British group Tears For Fears. Released in 1990 it features the three hit singles from their platinum selling third album The Seeds of Love and also an animated promo video for the song Tears Roll Down which was the B-side to their 1989 hit single Sowing the Seeds of Love.
 Punk Goes Pop 2 is the eighth compilation album released from the Punk Goes... series created by Fearless Records to feature covers by various artists of pop songs. It was released on March 9 2009 in the United Kingdom and March 10 2009 in the United States. The album debuted at number 15 on the Billboard 200 selling 21000 copies in its first week.The album's release was originally slated for February.
 Patience is the fifth studio album by British singer-songwriter George Michael released in 2004. The much delayed follow-up to Older is considered Michael's comeback album since it was Michael's first album composed of original material since 1996 and his first for Sony Music Entertainment since 1990's Listen Without Prejudice Vol. 1. The album spanned six singles. The first two Freeek! and Shoot the Dog were already released in 2002 by Polydor when the album was originally due.
 In Your Face is the second album by the band Kingdom Come.In an interview the band's members talk about the title of the album saying that when you first look at the LP you read Kingdom Come then as you move your eyes downwards you read In your face. They laugh and say: Kingdom come ... in your face get it? making an obscene joke or double entendre of it.
 Magpie and the Dandelion is the eighth studio album by folk rock group The Avett Brothers released on October 15 2013. The album was produced by Rick Rubin who produced their previous two full-length studio albums 2009's I and Love and You and 2012's The Carpenter. The band first announced they were working on the album in a June 12 2013 interview and that the songs were all recorded during The Carpenter's recording sessions.
 Reality Is Just a Myth' is Mahamudra's debut album released on the Utopia records label.
 Dark Light is the fifth studio album by the Finnish band HIM. This album was released on 26 September 2005 internationally and on 27 September 2005 in the USA with a limited edition pre-release of 20000 some days before.
 Abrázame Muy Fuerte (English: Hold Me Tightly) is a studio album by Mexican singer Juan Gabriel released on December 12 2000. It is also the main theme song for the Mexican telenovela Abrázame Muy Fuerte. The album was awarded at the Premio Lo Nuestro for Pop Album of the Year.
 Playing My Fiddle for You is Papa John Creach's third solo album and his last with Grunt Records. All the songs on the album are played with the supporting band Zulu featuring Kevin Moore who would later be known as Keb' Mo'. After this album the supporting band changed their name to Midnight Sun.
 Music for Bondage Performance (緊縛の為の音楽 Kinbaku no tame no ongaku) is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It is composed of soundtracks he made for videos by Right Brain including Lost Paradise which he directed. Material from the RBA sessions appears on Merzbient.
 The Best Disco... Ever! is a compilation album released by EMI in 2007. It contains the best disco songs by international artists.
 American Water is the third full-length studio album by indie rock group Silver Jews. Released in 1998 as an LP and CD on Drag City (DC149) in America and Domino (WIG56) in Europe American Water was recorded at The Rare Book Room in Brooklyn and mastered at Abbey Road Studios.
 Just Because I'm a Woman was released on 4 May 1968 and is Dolly Parton's second solo album as well as her first for RCA.
 Čuvar tajni (trans. The Keeper of Secrets) is the fifth studio album by Serbian heavy metal band Kraljevski Apartman. Čuvar tajni is the band's only album recorded with vocalist Ivan Đerković.The album features a new version of the song Jesen originally released on Kraljevski Apartman's second album Izgubljen u vremenu.
 Fortune Teller is the third studio album by Maltese recording artist Ira Losco. She began working on the album in summer 2007 and on 9 May 2008 a press conference was made by Ira in order to announce the official date. Fortune Teller was produced by Ira Losco herself and Howard Keith (at Jagged House).
 Use Once And Destroy Me is a DVD filmed on the 2003 tour of Europe and the United States by Stoner rock band Mondo Generator. It was released on September 7 2004 by Tornado Records. It is currently being distributed by Cargo Records Germany.
 Blood & Chemistry is the debut full-length studio album by the British alternative rock band Arcane Roots released on 6 May 2013 on Play It Again Sam.
 Most Famous Hits is a live concert DVD by Ringo Starr and His All-Starr Band release April 14 2003. The concert features accompaniments by Joe Walsh Clarence Clemons and others. Running time is 111 Minutes.
 Burn is the third studio album by industrial rock band Sister Machine Gun.
 Good is the 2001 debut album from the New Zealand four piece pop/rock band Goodshirt. Place To Be Sophie and Green are the major singles. There was also an Australian only release EP E.G. which featured six tracks.
 Lovers in the City is a 1995 album by Tanita Tikaram. Jennifer Warnes provided backing vocals on four tracks on the album. One of these songs I Might Be Crying was released as lead single. A video for this single was filmed in Vietnam. Two other tracks released on single are Wonderful Shadow and Yodelling Song. The record reached #75 in the UK charts.
 Christmas is an EP by Australian singer–songwriter Delta Goodrem released on 14 December 2012 by Sony Music Australia. It is her first collection of Christmas music after previously contributing several Christmas recordings to The Spirit of Christmas album series.
 This article describes the 18th album in the New Zealand Now series. It should not be confused with the original UK album of the same name. For more information see Now! That's What I Call Music 18 (UK series).Now That's What I Call Music 18 or Now 18 was released in 2005. The album is the 18th edition of the (NZ) Now! series. The album was certified multi-platinum and reached #1 on the New Zealand charts.
 Fogaraté! is the sixth album of the famous Dominican songwriter and musician Juan Luis Guerra. It was released in 1994.
 Success Is Certain is the fifth album by rapper Royce da 5'9 and his last independent album released on August 9 2011. The first single is Writer's Block featuring Eminem which was released in March 2011. Production for the album came from DJ Premier Mr. Porter Eminem Nottz StreetRunner The Futuristiks and The Alchemist among others. Guest appearances include Eminem Joe Budden Kid Vishis and Travis Barker.
 Opiate is an EP by American rock band Tool. It was produced and engineered by Sylvia Massy and former Minor Threat bassist Steve Hansgen. Released in 1992 it was the result of some two years of the band playing together after their formation in 1990. Opiate preceded Tool's first full-length album Undertow by a year. It is named after a quote by Karl Marx: Religion [...] is the opium of the masses. The EP was certified platinum by the RIAA on April 1 2005.
 II is the second studio album from the Finnish group Kingston Wall.This album was originally released under the band's own record label Trinity in February 1993. It was also licensed and released in Japan by Japanese Zero record label. Both of these prints have been sold-out in the 1990s and are considered somewhat collector's items.
 Movie Music Vol. 1 is an album released by Braid in 2000 on Polyvinyl.
 The Bleed the Sky is a four-track EP by the California based metal music group Bleed the Sky. The album was released in 2004 and was produced by Thom Hazaert and engineered and mixed by Ben Schigel at Spider Studios in Strongsville Ohio.
 Jake Mate is a reggaeton album released by the duo Maicol y Manuel on August 26 2003.
 Slania is the second full-length album by the Swiss folk metal band Eluveitie. It was released on February 15 2008 through Nuclear Blast.Slania charted at Number 35 in Switzerland and Number 75 in Germany.
 Ẁurdah Ïtah is a 1974 album by Christian Vander/Magma.It was recorded by a core quartet of Magma members (only consisting of drums bass piano and vocals) and released under Christian Vander's name as a soundtrack studio album for Yvan Lagrange's 1972 avant-garde film Tristan et Iseult.
 Bullshit Detector was the name of a series of compilation LPs put together by the anarcho-punk band Crass and released on their Crass Records label. Three editions were released between 1980 and 1984 consisting of demo tapes rough recordings and artwork that had been sent to the band. The sound quality of the Bullshit Detector series was mixed and was often very basic or poor as Crass would master the tapes directly to record without any additional production or enhancement.
 Salvation is a two-disc live album by stand-up comedian and satirist Bill Hicks posthumously released in 2005 on Rykodisc. It was recorded at the Oxford Playhouse and is an unabridged version of Shock and Awe.
 Live in Tokyo is a live album by American pianist and composer Brad Mehldau released on the Nonesuch label in 2004.
 Classic Euphoria is a compilation album released by Ministry of Sound in 2006.
 Monumento is the debut album by the Greek metal band Dakrya. It was released worldwide on May 23 2008.
 Piss Frond is a double CD 1999 album by Dead Voices on Air.
 From Russia with Love is the soundtrack for the second James Bond film of the same name. This is the first series film with John Barry as the primary soundtrack composer.John Barry arranger of Monty Norman's James Bond Theme for Dr. No would be the dominant Bond series composer for most of its history and the inspiration for fellow series composer David Arnold (who uses cues from this soundtrack in his own for Tomorrow Never Dies).
 To Heaven from Hell is an EP released by the heavy metal band Diamond Head. Although all the songs on this EP were initially released on Borrowed Time this is a collection of Diamond Head's early demos from before their debut album Lightning to the Nations was released.
 Loving Every Minute is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Mark Wills. Released in 2001 on Mercury Nashville Records the album produced two singles: the title track and I'm Not Gonna Do Anything Without You (a duet with Jamie O'Neal) which peaked at #18 and #31 respectively on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. The album itself reached a peak of #10 on the Billboard Top Country Albums charts and #93 on The Billboard 200.
 A Caress of the Void is an album by the US doom metal band Evoken. It was released in 2007.
 Chaandan Mein is the third studio album by Indian fusion band Kailasa released in June 2009 by Sony Music.
 Dreams Like Deserts is the debut EP by the Norwegian black metal band Aura Noir.
 The Question is an album by The Slackers released on November 20 1998 (see 1998 in music) on Hell-Cat Records. The record is dedicated to Tommy McCook and Dick Qualiana.
 I Hate You with a Passion is the second album by rapper Dre Dog (currently known as Andre Nickatina). It was released on April 19 1995 for In-a-Minute Records and was produced by Dre Dog T.C. Mark 5 The Enhancer Reggie Smith Race and Rob V. This album would prove to be Andre Nickatina's most successful album chart-wise peaking at #79 on the Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. One single was also released entitled Situation Critical.
 Polarity is the second release from American punk rock band The Wedding. Polarity was released on April 17 2007. The new album showed a drastic change vocally and musically from the band's debut album. Polarity features guest appearances by Davy Baysinger from Bleach duet vocals; Dan Spencer Supertones with a trumpet line; and Josh Robieson (Flatfoot 56) bagpipe riff.
 Let It Out is the first studio album by American recording artist Ashlyne Huff first released on June 7 2011 by Liquid Digital Media.
 Winter Carols is a Christmas album by the British/American folk rock band Blackmore's Night released in the United Kingdom on October 2006 and in the United States on November 7 2006. It was their sixth studio albums. The cover artwork for this album painted by Karsten Topelmann is an adaptation of a street in Rothenburg ob der Tauber Germany in line with the band's heavy Renaissance influence.
 Do Nothing 'til You Hear from Me is an album by jazz saxophonist Johnny Griffin which was recorded in 1963 and released on the Riverside label.
 Winter in a Silver Box is an EP by the American alternative rock band The Autumns released in 1998. It had a limited pressing of 1000 copies and has been long out of print.
 The Higher They Climb or The Higher They Climb the Harder They Fall is an album by David Cassidy. It was his fifth solo release and the first of three albums on RCA Records. It was released in 1975 and was produced by Cassidy and Bruce Johnston.The title of the album alludes to David Cassidy's one-time dominance of the pop charts as a teen-idol (see The Partridge Family) and the eventual drop of his superstar status. Although the album did very well in Europe and Asia U.S.
 Slightly Latin is an album by the jazz multi-instrumentalist Roland Kirk. It was originally released on the Limelight label in 1965 and features performances by Kirk with Virgil Jones Martin Banks Garnett Brown Horace Parlan Eddie Mathias Sonny Brown Montego Joe Manuel Ramos Coleridge Perkinson and an unidentified choir.
 Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros is the third album from Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros. It was released on July 23 2013 in North America and was released on July 29 2013 around the world by Vagrant Records and Rough Trade Records.
 The Best of the Eighties is a compilation album by German heavy metal band Grave Digger released in 1993. It consists of music from their earlier albums from the 1980s. It also has a few rare tracks on it.
 Smash The Octopus released in 2003 (see 2003 in music) was the first studio album by US rock band Flattbush.
 1946 is a 1996 EP release by Soul-Junk.
 Ego kai esy (Greek: Εγω και εσύ; English: Me and you) is the 15th studio album by Greek singer Yannis Parios. It was released in Greece in 1985 by Minos EMI. It contains the greatest hit of the singer Kokkino Garyfallo (Red cloves) featuring Haris Alexiou.
 A Bleeding Heart is an EP by New Zealand band the Bleeders released in 2003.
 Synchronized Rockers is tribute album recorded by various artists covering songs by The Pillows. It was released on September 16 2004 celebrating the band's 15th anniversary.
 Bouillabaisse is a compilation double album by Fish released in 2005. It is the third best-of collection after Yin and Yang (1995) and Kettle of Fish (1998) however it covers Fish's entire solo career up to the previous year's studio album Field of Crows. The songs are divided into two sets: Disc 1 entitled Balladeer and disc 2 entitled Rocketeer.It also features the single edits Marillion's three biggest hits Kayleigh Lavender (1985) and Incommunicado (1987).
 Sim City is an electronica album by Susumu Hirasawa. Inspiration for this album came from visits to Thailand and transsexuals. Several Thai vocalists have appeared in this album providing some samples for his songs. In this album (and other albums and Interactive Live Shows related to it) Hirasawa plays the part of Wiwat Tarasongop (วิวัฒน์ ธาราสงบ Susumu Hirasawa rendered into Thai).
 Set List: Greatest Songs 2006–2007 (SET LIST～グレイテストソングス 2006-2007～) is the first studio album by AKB48 released on January 1 2008.
 24 Shots is a compilation album by artist 50 Cent following his professional debut album Get Rich or Die Tryin'.
 Nana Mizuki Live Skipper Countdown the DVD and More is the 2nd live DVD release from J-pop star and voice actress Nana Mizuki. It has two discs Skipper Disc and Document Disc.
 Son of Schweinstein is a remix EP by Schwein. Released following Schweinstein Son of Schweinstein features remixes of tracks found on Schweinstein.
 In The Skin is the debut album by the Alaskan metal band 36 Crazyfists. Hardly being known outside their home state in 1997 it was difficult for them to market this album nationwide. This is one of the three albums that the band released prior to being signed to Roadrunner Records.
 Live To Die is the debut album by the speed metal band Intruder. It was originally released in 1987 and re-released in 2004 on vinyl and CD (which includes bonus tracks from the 1986 and 1984 demos recorded under the name Transgresser).
 Poems for Piano: The Piano Music of Marion Brown is the debut album by American pianist Amina Claudine Myers featuring performances recorded in 1979 for the Sweet Earth label.
 Your Average Australian Yobbo was the debut album released by Australian singer/comedian Kevin Bloody Wilson. It started out as just a collection of rude songs on a tape which he sold at performances at pubs and clubs around Australia and by mail order. 22000 copies of the cassette Your Average Australian Yobbo were sold this way. The album was later transferred to vinyl in 1986 and then re-released on CD in April 2002.
 C'mon C'mon is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Sheryl Crow released on April 8 2002 in the United Kingdom and April 16 2002 in the United States. Lead single Soak Up the Sun peaked at #1 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart and #17 on the Billboard Hot 100 becoming one of her biggest hits since All I Wanna Do.C'mon C'mon debuted at #2 on the UK Album Chart and on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 185000 copies in the United States.
 The Best of OMD is a compilation album by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark released in 1988.The record essentially delineates the group's experimental early years from their pop-oriented later work: side one features recordings from 1979–1984 while side two is drawn from the group's 1984–1988 efforts. It was a worldwide success becoming a Top 5 hit across Europe and achieving 3x platinum sales in the United Kingdom.
 Vamo Batê Lata is the second live album released by brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso launched in 1995. Vamo Batê Lata had more than 900000 copies sold in Brazil the most sold of the band. Vamo Batê Lata includded Luis Inácio (300 Picaretas) and Uma Brasileira.
 The Tide is the debut album by American singer-songwriter Lucy Kaplansky released in 1994.
 The Soundhouse was the 1983 compilation of music from the BBC Radiophonic Workshop. It featured music composed at the Workshop in the period since the previous compilation BBC Radiophonic Workshop - 21. During the gap between releases many advances had been made in the use of computer technology to produce electronic music and this was reflected on the compilation with much of the material having been performed using the Fairlight CMI the first digital sampling synthesiser.
 Asylum is the ninth major label album release of the Japanese rock band The Back Horn. The album was released on September 15 2010.
 A Little Bit of Love is an album by Paul Williams released in 1974. Notable songs from the album include Sad Song (That Used to Be Our Song) A Little Bit of Love The Family of Man and Loneliness.
 Friday Night Funk for Saturday Night Brothers is an album by jazz saxophonist Rusty Bryant recorded for the Prestige label in 1972.
 The Good Life is a 1974 live album by Oscar Peterson accompanied by Joe Pass and Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen.
 Another Ticket is the seventh studio album by blues rocker Eric Clapton released in 1981. It was his last album for Polydor Records.
 Let Them Know: The Story of Youth Brigade and BYO Records is a box set put together by BYO Records in honor of their 25th anniversary. It consists of a book documenting the history of the label as well as a DVD with a documentary and a CD consisting of 31 different artists covering songs that have appeared on BYO releases.
 Soon is a 1993 country music album by Tanya Tucker.The top hits from Soon were the title song Soon at #2 Hangin' In at #4. and We Don't Have to Do This at #11 on the Billboard Top Country Singles charts. You Just Watch Me rose to #20. The album rose to #18 on the Country Albums chart.
 Golden Tears was Bonnie Pink's eighth studio album released under the Warner Music Japan label on September 21 2005.
 Kill After Kill is the sixth studio album by the Canadian speed metal band Exciter released in 1992.
 Appetite for Disctruction is the first regular album by the German IDM group Funkstörung. The name is a pun on the Guns N' Roses record Appetite for Destruction. The CD jewel case designed by The Designers Republic was printed with a silver pattern of the album title. Designers Republic also designed the sleeve for the only single from this album Grammy Winners and produced the accompanying music video.
 Dancing for Victory is the second studio album of Moti Special released in 1990 by Polydor. The band members were: the keyboardist and vocalist Frank Ådahl guitarist Nils Tuxen bassist Anders Mossberg and drummer Reinhard Dickie Tarrach.
 Platinum Collection is a career-spanning box set by British veteran progressive rock/pop rock band Genesis. It was released in 2004 in the UK and one year later in North America.The set consists of three CDs that overlook Genesis' career from their formative period with Peter Gabriel and Anthony Phillips continuing through their period with Phil Collins as lead singer to their most recent recordings with Ray Wilson as frontman.
 C81 was a cassette compiled for the British magazine New Musical Express in 1981 (hence (C)assette 81) and released in conjunction with the record label Rough Trade. Featuring a number of contemporary musical acts and performers it was intended to mark the first 5 years of the independent label movement in the UK record industry and Rough Trade itself.
 Lookin' For A Love Again is a 1974 Soul album recorded by Bobby Womack.
 Night Shadows is a studio album by Dive and Controlled Bleeding.
 This article describes the 36th album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 36 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 36 was released on November 9 2010. The album is the 36th edition of the (U.S.) Now! series. With first week sales of 89000 Now! 36 debuted at number four on the Billboard 200 albums chart.
 Obedience is the third EP by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was recorded and mixed at The Abyss in December 1999 and released on February 7 2000. Obedience and Funeral Bitch were re-recorded for the band's 2001 album La Grande Danse Macabre (the former being retitled Obedience unto Death). Peter Tägtgren who mixed the band's previous efforts since 1996's Heaven Shall Burn... When We Are Gathered was not involved with this recording; instead mixing was handled by Tommy Tägtgren.
 The Bitch Is Back is the second and final album released by emcee Roxanne Shanté. It was released on October 5 1992 on Cold Chillin' Records sub-label Livin' Large was distributed by Tommy Boy/Warner Bros. Records and featured production by Kool G Rap Grand Daddy IU Large Professor Mister Cee Trackmasters and Grandmaster Flash.
 Without You (Chinese: 如果没有你; pinyin: Rúguŏ Méiyŏu Nĭ) is a Karen Mok album released in 2006. Most of the lyrics are in Mandarin though two tracks are in Cantonese and two are in English.
 Facing Goya (2000) is an opera in four acts by Michael Nyman on a libretto by Victoria Hardie. It is an expansion of their one-act opera called Vital Statistics from 1987 dealing with such subjects as physiognomy and its practitioners and also incorporates a musical motif from Nyman's art song The Kiss inspired by a Paul Richards painting.
 These Speakers Don't Always Tell the Truth is a limited edition EP released by American screamo band From Autumn to Ashes. It was on sale for a limited time at Hot Topic stores.
 Days Into Years is the third full-length album by Canadian alternative country band Elliott Brood released September 27 2011 on Paper Bag Records. The recording is also available on vinyl.The album's first single If I Get Old was inspired by a visit to the Étaples Military Cemetery in France where many dead Canadian soldiers from World War I are buried.
 Jenny Simpson is the only album by American country music singer Jenny Simpson. It was released on November 3 1998 via Mercury Nashville.
 Decade of Dirt (1997-2007) is a compilation album by Kent James. The album features the tracks Porno Di Giorno and Who's Your Daddy? from the Hellbent film soundtrack. Also featured is a cover version of Physical by Olivia Newton-John.
 All Things Come in Waves is the third studio album by Belgian band Arid. It was released in 2008.
 XXV: The Essential is a compilation album written and mostly performed by Mike Oldfield and released in 1997. The Roman numerals XXV are to represent that this is a compilation pieces of the first 25 years of Oldfield's work.
 You Belong Here is the debut studio album by the American rock band Leagues. The album was released by Bufalotone Records on January 29 2013 and it was produced by Leagues and Paul Moak. The album attracted commercial success and positive critical attention.
 Smoke Spot is the debut EP by American ska punk band Less Than Jake released in 1993 on No Idea Records. Initially released on seven-inch vinyl Smoke Spot is included on the subsequent compilation album Losers Kings and Things We Don't Understand.
 Nervous Night is the second studio album by the American rock band The Hooters released in 1985 by Columbia Records and on CBS Records in Europe. The album features two of the band's biggest and best-known hits And We Danced and Day by Day as well as the minor hit All You Zombies which was a rerecorded version of a single that had first been released in 1982.
 Hip Hop Gold Dust is the compilation album by American hip hop producer Prince Paul. The album consists mainly of unreleased Prince Paul tracks from various points in his career. It features songs from his time working with Stetsasonic De La Soul Gravediggaz Resident Alien and Biz Markie.
 Blood on Ice is the ninth studio album by Swedish extreme metal band Bathory. It was released on 27 May 1996 through Black Mark Productions. It is a concept album.
 Recently is a 1987 album by Joan Baez. At the time of its release it was the her first album of new material issued in the US in eight years.
 Reverence is Faithless' first album released in April 1996 and then reissued in October. The album contains several singles that have subsequently become Faithless classics such as Don't Leave Salva Mea and Insomnia. The album reached #26 in the UK charts.In 1996 the album was re-released as Reverence / Irreverence containing an extra CD with remixes of the original songs.Closing track Drifting Away has become well known for its use in Channel 4 comedy series Trigger Happy TV.
 Revolver Soul is the seventh studio album by Alternative band Alabama 3. It is the first album by the band to be released through Hostage Music after parting ways with One Little Indian Records. It was recorded at Jamm Studios in Brixton.
 Smile is an album of dance songs by the Belgian trio Lasgo. It features the singles Out of My Mind Gone Lost and Over You. The album is Jelle Van Dael first contribution as the vocalist for Lasgo.
 Supreme Vehemence is the final album by Japanese death metal band Vomit Remnants. It includes the first 8 tracks from their debut album Supreme Entity while the remaining 6 are from the Indefensible Vehemence EP
 Asterix is the only album by Asterix a predecessor of the band Lucifer's Friend.
 Finally Karen is the debut album of gospel singer Karen Clark Sheard released on November 4 1997. The live portion of the album was recorded at Bailey Cathedral in Detroit Michigan. The album was Grammy-nominated for Best Soul Gospel Album in 1998. The song The Will Of God launched the gospel career of her daughter Kierra Kiki Sheard who won her first Stellar award on the strength of her vocal performance.
 Papitour is a live-concert album by Latin Grammy-winning Spanish musician and actor Miguel Bosé. It was released in December 2007.
 Metratronic is a retrospective compilation of recorded audio and visual material by British musician and recording artist John Foxx. It was released in 2010 by Edsel Records to mark the 30th anniversary of Foxx's debut solo album Metamatic and the start of his solo career.
 Problematic is the eighth studio album by pop punk band All. It was recorded at the band's own recording studio The Blasting Room in Fort Collins Colorado and released on Epitaph Records in 2000. As of today this is the band's most recent studio album released under the All name.Problematic was also the band's last album on Epitaph Records.
 The Rapture of Metals (later released as New Maps of Hell II) is the fourth album by composer Paul Schütze released in 1993 through SDV Tonträger.
 This Is What I Know About Being Gigantic is the debut release from Minus the Bear.
 Noir is an album by American instrumental hip hop duo Blue Sky Black Death. It was released on Fake Four Inc in 2011. The album features contributions from Raised By Wolves Alexander Chen of Boy in Static Rob Harris and Shaprece Renee.
 A Year Without Rain is the second studio album by American band Selena Gomez & the Scene. The album was released on September 17 2010 via Hollywood Records. For songwriting staffwriters were hired to write all the lyrics. The band once again worked with writers and producers from their debut Kiss & Tell such as Rock Mafia duo Tim James and Antonina Armato as well as Fefe Dobson Toby Gad and Superspy.
 Buffalo Springfield is a compilation album released as a double LP in late 1973 by Buffalo Springfield. It features a 9 minute version of Bluebird unavailable elsewhere.
 Live Stiffs Live is a live album released in 1978 containing performances by various Stiff Records artists from the first Live Stiffs Tour which ran from 3 October to 5 November 1977.It features tracks by Elvis Costello and the Attractions Ian Dury & the Blockheads Nick Lowe Wreckless Eric and Larry Wallis. The album opens with tour MC (and later Clash road manager) Kosmo Vinyl calling audience members away from the bar and introducing the first act as Nick Lowe's Led Zeppelin.
 Blues Image is the self-titled debut album of the Rock band Blues Image. The album was released in 1969 and peaked at #112 on the Billboard charts.
 The Essential Earth Wind & Fire is a compilation album of American R&B group Earth Wind & Fire. It contains several songs recorded between 1973 and 1983 and all the tracks were digitally remastered. It was released on July 30 2002 by Columbia/Legacy as a double-disc set part of The Essential series. On September 27 2005 it was re-released with a DVD. The Essential Earth Wind & Fire has been certified gold in the US by the RIAA.
 Black Shining Leather is the debut studio album by Norwegian black metal band Carpathian Forest. It was released in 1998 through Avantgarde Music and re-issued in 2007 by Peaceville Records via digipak format.It was their only release to feature Lazare on drums who left the band in the following year and would later join Borknagar.
 Goldregen (Gold Rain) is the third album released in 1998 by German band La! Neu?. Like the previous year's Zeeland Goldregen takes the form of a series of spontaneous jams quickly recorded and mastered. Unlike Zeeland Goldregen is entirely acoustic containing only piano violin harmonium drums and vocals. Unlike most other albums released by Klaus Dinger it is quiet and meditative rather than aggressive or abrasive; its low key and low-fi values arguable align it with ambient music.
 The Beatles' Nowhere Man EP was released 8 July 1966. It included four songs from the (British) album Rubber Soul. The EP was only released in mono with the catalogue number Parlophone GEP 8952.In the United States Nowhere Man and Drive My Car were on Yesterday and Today not on Rubber Soul. Nowhere Man was also issued as a single in the U.S. (with What Goes On as the B-Side) in February 1966.
 GLORIA is an album by Ukrainian pop-rock and alternative band Okean Elzy released in 2005.The album spawned four # 1 singles (radio airplay) in Ukraine. The first single was Bez Boyu in the summer of 2005 followed by Vysche Neba Ne Pytai and finally Vidchuvayu in the summer of 2006.
 Bill Evans Trio with Symphony Orchestra is an album by American jazz pianist Bill Evans and his Trio released in 1966. The Evans trio is accompanied by a symphony orchestra conducted and arranged by Claus Ogerman.
 Prodavnica tajni (trans. The Secrets Shop) is the fourth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Bajaga i Instruktori released in 1988.The album was polled in 1998 as the 79th on the list of 100 greatest Yugoslav rock and pop albums in the book YU 100: najbolji albumi jugoslovenske rok i pop muzike (YU 100: The Best albums of Yugoslav pop and rock music).
 We Can Do Whatever is the debut album by American singing duo Otis & Shug. Although it was scheduled to be released August 29 1995 on Interscope Records the album was shelved until it finally was released January 18 2005 on Expansion Records. It was produced by Raphael Saadiq. One single Journey peaked at number 60 on the 1996 Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. It features guest performances by Raphael Saadiq.
 Azn Pride -This Iz the Japanese Kabuki Rock- is a greatest hits album released by Miyavi on 27 June 2008 for Taiwan and Korea and in Japan on 27 August 2008. The album covers Miyavi's career following his first major label single Rock no Gyakushuu/21sekikei Koushinkyoku.
 Lucifer Rising is an expanded EP released by the Swedish doom metal band Candlemass in 2008 on the label Nuclear Blast. Candlemass recorded two new tracks Lucifer Rising and White God and re-recorded Demons Gate for this release. The collection is also primarily composed of a series of 9 live tracks recorded in Athens Greece on their 2007 tour (sides 2 to 4 on the vinyl edition). Recording on the new material was completed in April 2008.
 G-Men Bootleg Series Vol.1 was Rory Gallagher's last official release before his untimely death in 1995.
 Mantras is the fourth album by Master's Hammer. The album marks the band's return not only to the music world but also to the epic black metal sound of their first two albums blending it with the experimental sound demonstrated on Šlágry. The album was released as a digipak on CD and released on vinyl containing only nine tracks from the album.
 Beating a Dead Horse to Death... Again is a retrospective compilation album released by Baltimore avant-garde metal band Dog Fashion Disco in 2008 two years after their final album Adultery and a year after their disbandment. The CD contains rare previously released material including a version of the Day of the Dead EP in its entirety with re-recorded bass and drum tracks as well as material that had previously received no official release.
 Descent into Chaos is the second full-length studio album by the Greek/Swedish melodic death metal band Nightrage. It was released by Century Media Records on 21 February 2005 in Europe on 5 April 2005 in the US and by King Japan on 27 April 2005 in Japan. It was Nightrage's last album to feature Gothenburg vocalist Tomas Lindberg.
 Going Way Out with Heavy Trash is the second album by Heavy Trash released in 2007.
 Panssarikolonna MCD is an album by Sotajumala.
 Country Meets the Blues is an album of jazz interpretations of country music and blues tunes performed by the Ramsey Lewis' Trio which was recorded in 1962 and released on the Argo label.
 The Gift of Game is the first album by Los Angeles band Crazy Town. It was released on November 9 1999 in the U.S. by Columbia Records. The album yielded the band its biggest hit to date with Butterfly which reached number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 on March 24 2001.Worldwide the album sold more than 2.5 million units with more than 1.5 million in the US alone.The girl licking the lollipop on the cover of the album is a fictional character created by Crazy Town known as Little Lolita.
 Dark Medieval Times is the debut studio album by Norwegian black metal band Satyricon. It was recorded in August and September 1993 and released in 1994 through Moonfog Productions. It is now out of print and original pressings of the CD are getting harder to find.
 Christmas Album is the sixth studio album by Boney M. It was recorded in the summer of 1981 and released on 23 November 1981.The album which in certain territories was given the alternate title Christmas with Boney M. was issued just three weeks after the moderately successful Boonoonoonoos and had originally been planned as Liz Mitchell's first solo album. After the lukewarm reception of Boonoonoonoos plans were however changed and it was instead released under the name Boney M.
 Scared to Get Happy: A Story of Indie-Pop 1980-1989 is a 5-disc compilation album that features 134 songs from Indie pop artists from the 1980s. It was released in June 2013 by Cherry Red Records.Cherry Red Records explained the album is inspired by Lenny Kaye's album Nuggets: Original Artyfacts from the First Psychedelic Era 1965–1968.
 The Magnificent is the fourteenth studio album by Beenie Man.
 Television's Greatest Hits - 65 More TV Themes From The 50s & 60s is the second volume of the Television's Greatest Hits series of compilation albums by TVT Records. According to Allmusic There are 65 television themes here and apart from the little mistakes they're almost all interesting. Among the strangest material here is the music from some of television's failures such as It's About Time (one of the longest theme songs ever done for TV) and The Green Hornet.
 Don't Play Me Cheap is a 1963 album by Ike & Tina Turner.
 Sueño salvaje is the 2nd album by Puerto Rican actor and singer Sergio Blass It was released in 1996
 When the Eagle Flies was the ninth album released by English rock band Traffic in 1974. It was the final album released by the band until their 1994 reunion Far From Home. The album featured Jim Capaldi on drums keyboards and vocals; Rosko Gee on bass guitar; Steve Winwood on guitar keyboards and vocals; and Chris Wood on flute and saxophone.
 Find Me In These Fields is the title of a 1990 album by guitarist Phil Keaggy released on A&M Records.
 Isle of Wight was a posthumous live album by Jimi Hendrix released in November 1971 by Polydor in the U.K. only. The album documents Hendrix's performance at the 1970 Isle of Wight Festival on August 30 1970 his last performance in England before his death in September. The album was engineered by Carlos Ohlms (a British based engineer). The record company did not use a picture from the Isle of Wight concert.
 A Night at Birdland Vol. 1 is a 1954 release by jazz artist Art Blakey. It was first released by Blue Note Records as a 10 LP (BLP 5037) and then as a 12 LP (BLP 1521) containing material from the third 10 album. It has seen subsequent reissues on CD since 1987 from that same label.All of the music surfaced as part of a Clifford Brown box set for Mosaic Records (MR5-104) and a complete Clifford Brown set put out by Capitol has also appeared.
 The Unknown Soldier is the tenth studio album by English folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper. It was first released in 1980 by Harvest Records and was his last release on the label.
 Kalanta (English: Carols) is an extended play by popular Greek artist Despina Vandi released on 22 November 2006 by Heaven Music and which attained 2x Platinum certification. Kalanta was the best selling cd single for 2006 by a female artist.
 Trading Twilight for Daylight is the first full length album from the American band Great Northern. It was recorded in Mathias Schneeberger's Donner & Blitzen studio in Arcadia California.
 Noel is the first holiday album by American country music recording artist Phil Vassar. It was released through independent record label Rodeowave Entertainment on November 22 2011 alongside Vassar's first live album The Hits Live On Broadway. It was released as a digital download and CD though the latter is only available online through Vassar's website. The album contains traditional Christmas songs as well as some original music that was orchestrated by Vassar himself.
 Ayu-mi-x 4 + Selection Acoustic Orchestra Version is a remix album by Japanese singer Ayumi Hamasaki released in 2002 reaching number 9 in the Oricon Weekly music chart.
 Corpo Estraneo (Foreign Body) is the twenty-ninth album by the band Nomadi. There were three singles released from the album: Oriente which a video was filmed for Corpo Estraneo and In Piedi. The album was certified platinum just from its presales.
 Nail is the fourth studio album by Scraping Foetus Off the Wheel. It was released in October 1985 through record labels Self Immolation and Some Bizzare.
 Unshattered is the seventh solo studio album by English musician Peter Murphy. It was released on 19 October 2004 through Viastar Records. Produced by Gardner Cole the album features contributions fron various musicians including Jane's Addiction members Stephen Perkins and Eric Avery Porno for Pyros guitarist Peter DiStefano former Bauhaus drummer Kevin Haskins and Canadian composer Ned Bouhalassa.
 Nada Se Compara Contigo (Nothing Compares to You) is the tenth studio album released by Salvadorian performer Álvaro Torres on November 19 1991. The album received a nomination for Pop Album of the Year at the 5th Annual Lo Nuestro Awards.
 Rux Revue is the debut album by Carl Hancock Rux released by Sony 550 Records and produced in Los Angeles by the Dust Brothers;Tom Rothrock and Rob Schnapf; featuring drummers Joey Waronker (formerly of R.E.M.) and James Gadson; bassists Atom Ellis (of Link Wray/The New Cars) and Carol Kaye; keyboardist James Hall and bass guitarist Wah-Wah Watson.
 Stabilo Boss is the self-titled first full length album by Stabilo Boss (now Stabilo). This album was produced and engineered by Northern Californians Matthew J Doughty (sometimes credited as Matt Doughty) and Chris Davies and was released independently across Canada and the USA.After the success of their single Everybody Stabilo Boss was the only indie band[citation needed] nominated in the Best New Rock Band category at the 2003 Canadian Radio Music Awards.
 Classid Trax is an EP by Luke Vibert under the alias The Ace Of Clubs. The album was released on a 12 vinyl as a promo. The titled Classid Trax is a play on the words classic acid tracks. In March 2007 Paperline Records made these tracks available as mp3 downloads[1]. Bleep.com is selling the album in mp3 and flac formats.
 The Strange Remain is an album by the rock band The Other Ones. It was recorded live on the Furthur Festival tour in 1998 and released in 1999. The album reached number one on Billboard's Top Heatseekers chart and number 112 on the Billboard 200.The Other Ones was a rock group composed of former members of the Grateful Dead. They later changed their name to The Dead. The Strange Remain is the only album released by either The Other Ones or The Dead.
 Take Everything is the 8th full-length studio album released by the Christian rock group Seventh Day Slumber. Most of the songs are remakes of other artists songs done with different arrangement. Their song Oceans From The Rain was originally released on the album Once Upon a Shattered Life. The Album peaked at No. 141 on the Billboard 200 and No. 11 on the Top Christian Albums charts. Surrender placed on the X 2009 Christian rock hits compilation.
 Shakti with John McLaughlin is the first album by Shakti described as another brain blowing achievement by Agha Yasir [1].
 One of Us is the third studio album by the Cincinnati indie rock group Pomegranates released October 26 2010 on Afternoon Records. It was produced by TJ Lipple of Aloha.
 Zebra is an album by Jack DeJohnette featuring trumpeter Lester Bowie recorded in 1985 for the video program titled Tadayuki Naito/Zebra and released on the MCA label in 1989. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states The performances are moody and has its colorful moments... Superior background music recommended mostly to Jack DeJohnette completists.
 Delhi-6 is the soundtrack album to Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's 2009 Bollywood film Delhi-6. A. R. Rahman scored the film his second collaboration with Mehra after Rang De Basanti and Prasoon Joshi penned the lyrics. The music was released on 14 January 2009 at the Indian Idol 4 competition. The first video of the song Masakali was released featuring Sonam and Abhishek with a pigeon. However the song was not part of the original film.
 Autopsie volume 3 (full title Autopsie Vol. 3 by Booba mixed by DJ Medi Med) is the third mixtape by Booba released in June 2009. Featuring guests include Seth Gueko DeMarco Despo Rutti Dosseh Naadei and Humphrey. It reached number 2 on the SNEP French albums chart. staying a total of 22 weeks in the French charts. It also charted in Ultratop the Belgian French Albums Chart.
 It's Spooky is a collaboration album by musicians Daniel Johnston and Jad Fair of the band Half Japanese. It was first released in 1989 on 50 Skidillion Watts Records under the title Jad Fair and Daniel Johnston. It was re-issued on CD in 1993 on Paperhouse (PAPCD 019). The album originally featured 25 songs (in its cassette version--fewer songs on the simultaneous LP) and a further six tracks were added for a re-release in 2001.
 Imagen Latina is an album by Venezuelan musician Alberto Naranjo originally released in 1992 and reedited twice in 2002 and 2008. It is the seventh album (fifth studio album) of El Trabuco Venezolano musical project arranged and directed by Naranjo.Trabuco is a Spanish term used in Venezuelan baseball slang to describe an All-Star selection of players. So El Trabuco Venezolano means The Venezuelan All-Star Band in the best sense of the phrase.
 We Are the 21st Century Ambassadors of Peace & Magic is the third full-length album by Californian experimental rock duo Foxygen. The album was released on January 22 2013. The album's release was preceded by the release of the single Shuggie on October 4 2012 as well as the album's second single San Francisco which was released January 9 2013. No Destruction was also named as Best New Track by Pitchfork on January 9.
 The Movie Man is the debut album by Guelo Star. It was released digitally on November 6 2012.
 Never Stop Doing What You Love is a not-for-resale compilation of various Paul McCartney and Wings songs created for the employees and clients of Fidelity Investments a company in the financial services industry. The ex-Beatle became the mutual fund giant's new spokesman in 2005 in a campaign entitled This Is Paul and the disc was issued in support of McCartney's U.S. tour of the same year.
 Michael Bublé is the self-titled third studio album and major label debut album released by Canadian crooner Michael Bublé. The album was released on February 11 2003. The album spawned four singles: How Can You Mend a Broken Heart Kissing A Fool Sway and Spider-Man Theme.
 Touch Sensitive... Bootleg Box Set is a five disc live box set by The Fall released in 2003. Each disc features a full live set from either April or November 2001 making it the most comprehensive live document of any era of The Fall's long career thus far. The discs are not arranged chronologically. Due to the brief timespan there is considerable repetition - the bulk of the material is drawn from 2000's The Unutterable and 2001's Are You Are Missing Winner.
 The Sash My Father Wore and Other Stories is the second studio album by Scottish group Ballboy recorded in 2003. The title track is a reaction to sectarianism in Scotland and is named after the Ulster loyalist anthem The Sash my Father Wore.
 Chicken Noodles II is a collaborative album by Buckethead and Travis Dickerson and is the follow-up to 2006's Chicken Noodles album.It features Buckethead on guitar and Travis Dickerson on keyboards and was released on the 15th of December through tdrsmusic.com.
 Eliminator is the eighth studio album by the American rock band ZZ Top. It was released on March 23 1983 by Warner Bros. Records. Recorded in Tennessee during 1982 the album was produced by the band's manager Bill Ham and peaked at the top of the charts in many countries. Gimme All Your Lovin' Got Me Under Pressure Sharp Dressed Man TV Dinners and Legs were released as singles.
 The Love EP (Tristan Prettyman EP) is an August 2003 self-released folk-pop EP from San Diego California native Tristan Prettyman. The album is sold primarily at shows or through her website. Prior to the release of twentythree it started selling in Borders Group book stores.
 Funky Miracle is a compilation album from the funk group The Meters on the Charly Records label containing re-issued material mainly from their first three albums with Josie Records: The Meters (1969) Look-Ka Py Py (1970) and Struttin' (1970). In fact 35 of the 36 tracks from these albums are present on Funky Miracle with only Wichita Lineman from Struttin' missing.
 Outside of This is the first album by Greeley Estates. Released on July 22 2004 it earned the group an early cult following of fans in the emo and post-hardcore genres long before the band's dramatic shift to a metalcore years later.
 Blanket Warm is the debut album of Lullaby for the Working Class. It was released September 24 1996 on Bar/None Records.
 Toxicity is the second album by Armenian American rock band System of a Down. Produced by Rick Rubin Toxicity was released on September 4 2001 by American Recordings debuting at number 1 on both the United States with 220000 copies and number 1 on the Canadian charts. Toxicity has sold over 12 million copies worldwide and is certified multi-platinum in the United States.
 Atlantis: A Symphonic Journey is an album by David Arkenstone released in 2004. The album is based on the legend of the lost civilization of Atlantis. Once again Arkenstone combines elements of New Age and World music with an orchestral cinematic flair.
 A Very Scary Solstice is a parody album mixing Christmas carols with the Cthulhu Mythos. It was produced and performed by members of the H. P. Lovecraft Historical Society.
 Mugiboogie is an album by Mugison released in 2008 by Ipecac Recordings. Mugison recorded and mixed it together with Birgir Jón Birgisson in the Sundlaugin studio in Iceland.
 Flat-Pack Philosophy is the eighth studio album by Buzzcocks released in 2006. It was arranged and produced by Tony Barber.As of 2014 this is the band's most recent album release.After this album drummer Phillip Barker who had been with the band for ten years and played on all four of the Buzzcocks studio albums since their 1993 reformation left to be replaced by Daniel Farrant. Bass-player Tony Barber left the band in 2008 to be replaced on bass by Chris Remmington.
 Type Control (sometimes titled Type Control yongshin) is the debut studio album of South Korean voice actress and recording artist Lee Yong-shin. The tracks from the album were digitally released on November 15 2013 and physical copies were released on November 19. The album contains nine tracks including the lead single Because of You.
 La mosca y la sopa [The fly and the soup] is the fifth album by Argentine rock band Patricio Rey y sus Redonditos de Ricota released in 1991. It was recorded through 1990 and 1991. This is the third Patricio Rey album to feature Lito Vitale on the keyboards.
 The Lost Pieces (1993) is an album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach. It is a collection of pieces composed between 1988 and 1992 that have either been lost and temporally forgotten in Steve Roach’s personal archive of tapes or released on limited edition multi artist compilations.The album begins with a dark atmospheric piece reminiscent of Roach’s later album The Magnificent Void titled “Eclipse”.
 Inhabit is the third album by the Christian metal band Living Sacrifice and the final album with bassist/vocalist DJ. The album was recorded at Believer's Trauma Studios. Kurt Bachman and Joey Daub of Believer also produced and engineered this album. It was the final album the band would release while under REX. The album would later be reissued with new artwork on the band's new label Solid State Records.
 Out to Lunch! was Eric Dolphy's only recording for Blue Note Records as a leader and was originally issued as BLP 4163 and BST 84163.
 My Dear Old Southern Home is the title of a recording by American folk music artist Doc Watson released in 1991.
 In Spite of Ourselves is an album of duets between John Prine and various well-known female folk and alt-country vocalists released in 1999.The album was Prine’s first release since successfully battling throat cancer. The female duet partners include Iris DeMent Connie Smith Lucinda Williams Melba Montgomery Emmylou Harris Trisha Yearwood Delores Keane Patty Loveless and his wife Fiona Prine.
 Sunbird is a studio album by pianist Gordon Beck released in 1979 through JMS–Cream Records. This was the first time Beck worked with guitarist Allan Holdsworth which led to two collaborative albums: The Things You See (1980) and With a Heart in My Song (1988). Both Sunbird and The Things You See were reissued together as a compilation album in 1989 and 1992 (both with the omission of Flight from Sunbird) and most recently in 1994 (including Flight).
 I Wanna See You Bellydance is a 1998 album by the Red Elvises.
 The 12th Man Again (also known as The 12th Man Again! (with the exclamation point)) is the third album released by The Twelfth Man. Released in 1990 it reached number one on the ARIA Album Charts.
 Duets with Spanish Guitar is an album by the Brazilian guitarist Laurindo Almeida with the singer Salli Terri and the flautist Martin Ruderman. It was originally released by Capitol Records in 1958.
 The Trentemøller Chronicles is a compilation album by Danish electronic musician Trentemøller released on October 1 2007. The first disc acts as a mix session mixed by Trentemøller and the second disc contains selected Trentemøller remixes in their full length. The double album is also available on vinyl and as digital download.The liner notes read:The Trentemøller Chronicles peaked at #13 on the Danish Albums Chart.
 Men Diana Illa... (English: From Diana To...) is the 11th (Anida is not counted as a studio album) studio album by Lebanese singer Diana Haddad released by in November 2008 continued along the lines established by her 2002 album Law Yesaloni.
 Inbetween is the second studio album by Swedish girlband Bubbles released on 4 November 2002. It produced two hit singles on the Swedish charts. The song Somewhere entered into the charts on 26 April 2002. It peaked at number 10 and remained on the charts for 12 weeks and it was also included on the Ice Age film. Then on 24 October 2002 Round 'N' Round entered into the charts and peaked at number 30 where it stayed for 20 weeks.
 Puppet Show is the second full-length album by the Japanese rock group Plastic Tree released on August 28 1998.
 Aquemini is the third studio album by American hip hop duo Outkast released on September 29 1998 through LaFace Records. The title is a portmanteau of the two performers' Zodiac signs: Aquarius (Big Boi) and Gemini (André 3000). Released as the follow-up to the duo's 1996 album ATLiens Aquemini expands on the previous record's outer space-inspired compositions by incorporating live instrumentation.
 Best Kirari (ベスト☆きらり Besuto Kirari) is Koharu Kusumi's greatest-hits compilation album under the artist name Kirari Tsukishima starring Koharu Kusumi (Morning Musume) (月島きらり starring 久住小春(モーニング娘。)). It was released on March 11 2009 in both limited (EPCE-5623~4) and regular (EPCE-5625) editions.The album also features Kirarin Revolution groups Kira Pika and MilkyWay in which Kusumi has participated.
 The Blood Stays on the Blade released on May 12 2008 through Thirty Days of Night Records is the second EP and third release from the St Albans-based hardcore punk band Your Demise.
 Beautiful Unlike You and I is an EP by Vancouver punk rock band SNFU. It was recorded in 1993 and released on the Hom Wreckers Music label. Side A is a re-recording of a song originally featured as a live track on their The Last of the Big Time Suspenders album. Side B is an alternate version of a song featured on their Something Green and Leafy This Way Comes album.
 Starless and Bible Black is the sixth studio album by the British progressive rock band King Crimson released in 1974. The pieces The Great Deceiver and Lament are satires and commentaries on the sleaziness and materialism of society.
 Dallas is a live album by Randy Meisner released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).
 Envenom is the eighth album by Runemagick. It was released as a limited edition of 1000 hand-numbered digipaks only in 2005 through Aftermath Music.
 Jonathan Richman and the Modern Lovers is an album by Jonathan Richman and the Modern Lovers released by the Beserkley Records label in July 1976.
 Palomino is the fifth album by the Duluth Minnesota based band Trampled by Turtles. It was released on April 13 2010 through their record label Banjodad Records. The album reached #1 on the US Billboard bluegrass chart and maintained a Top 10 position there for 52 consecutive weeks.All songs on Palomino were written by Dave Simonett except for “New Son/Burnt Iron” which was written by Erik Berry and “Sounds Like a Movie” which was written by Dave Carroll.
 Killer Joe is an album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers with Japanese drummer George Kawaguchi recorded in 1981 and originally released on the Japanese Union Jazz label but later released on Storyville in the US.
 Dark Live Magick is the first and so far only live album by Runemagick released in 2001. It is recorded live during a small private party gig in Ljungskile. It is released on vinyl as a limited run of 300 hand-numbered copies.
 Hell is a Door to the Sun is the second full-length album released by Rwake. It was released in 2002 on Retribute Records and is the only album with Chuck Schaaf of Deadbird on guitars. A video for Sight Beyond Sight is currently up on YouTube.
 The Cannonball Adderley Quintet in San Francisco is a 1959 album by The Cannonball Adderley Quintet.The groundbreaking album launched soul jazz according to NPR bridging the gap between bebop and funk. Originally released by Riverside Records the album has been reissued on CD several times since 1991 by Riverside and OJC. Remastered versions of the album include extended cuts of several of the songs on the original including the retitled (A Few Words by Cannonball...And) This Here.
 Tri-State is the debut album by the British trance group Above & Beyond released on March 6 2006. The album features collaborations with Zoë Johnston Richard Bedford Carrie Skipper and progressive trance producer Andy Moor known for his work with Tilt and as half of Leama & Moor. The first single from the album Air for Life was released on 18 July 2005.
 Bamnan and Slivercork is the first studio album by the US rock band Midlake released in 2004 to positive reviews. It mixes together warm acoustic sounds with electronica and lo-fi keyboard sounds. The songs Balloon Maker and Kingfish Pies were released as singles.
 Cariño de mis Cariños is the eleventh album from Mexican pop music singer and actress Lucero. It was released on 1994 selling 500000 units till today in Mexico.It is the third mariachi album of her career and was produced once again by Rubén Fuentes. The tracklist is compose by six covers and six original songs.
 17 is the second studio album by Mexican Latin rock band Motel.
 Lambert Hendricks & Ross!: The Hottest New Group In Jazz is the fourth album by Lambert Hendricks & Ross released in 1960. The album's subtitle (which also functions as an alternate title) is a quote from Downbeat magazine and appears on the album cover and spine. The CD reissue combines the full original album with the LPs Lambert Hendricks & Ross Sing Ellington and Rarities.
 Atavachron is the fourth studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth released in 1986 through Enigma Records (United States) and JMS–Cream Records (Europe). The album's title and seventh track as well as the cover art are references to the Atavachron alien time travel device from the Star Trek episode All Our Yesterdays. This marks Holdsworth's first recorded use of the SynthAxe an instrument which would be featured prominently on many of his future albums.
 Penguins on the Moon is Sack Trick's second album which was produced recorded and mixed by Alex Dickson. The album tells the tale of four lovable Penguin characters - The Captain Alfredo and twins Bob and Burt. Admirably performed by a variety of musicians with the main characters voiced by Chris Dale Alex Dickson Chris Nubile (Master Blaster/ Nubiles) Doogie White (Midnight Blue/Rainbow/Yngwie Malmsteen) with cameo's from Vision (Machine) and David Ryder-Prangley (Rachel Stamp).
 More Hot Rocks (Big Hits & Fazed Cookies) is the second compilation album of Rolling Stones music released by former manager Allen Klein's ABKCO Records (who usurped control of the band's Decca/London material in 1970) after the band's departure from Decca and Klein.
 Electro Ghetto is the second solo album by German rapper Bushido released under the label ersguterjunge on October 25 2004. It features among others the artists Azad Sentino Cassandra Steen Bass Sultan Hengzt and Baba Saad. It was sold more than 100000 times in Germany and achieved gold status in Germany. Three singles were released: Electro Ghetto Nie wieder and Hoffnung stirbt zuletzt.
 The Glory Years is a DVD from a rock group Gillan released in 2008 by Eagle Rock Entertainment. It consists of live concert recorded at Oxford Polytechnic England on February 18 1981 and the band's guest performances on German TV and BBC's TV chart show Top of the Pops.
 Giants & Elephants is a collaboration album by American rappers Guce & J. Stalin released on 21 July 2009. It peaked at #61 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. Giants & Elephants is Guce's most successful album to date and his first appearance on that chart since 1994's Peer Pressure. It features a guest appearance from Currensy.
 Out of the Valley is a 1994 album by contemporary folk singer-songwriter John Gorka. This is Gorka's fifth album and unlike the previous four recorded in various places in the northeastern United States Out of the Valley was recorded at Imagine Sound Studios in Nashville Tennessee. This is also the first of several Gorka albums to employ the talents of guitarist/producer John Jennings.Guest vocalists include country music superstars Kathy Mattea and Mary Chapin Carpenter among others.
 Live In Seattle is the first live album by singer/songwriter Shawn McDonald on Sparrow Records.
 Parallel is a video feature compiling all of R.E.M.'s Automatic for the People and Monster-era promotional videos as well as several recorded for this release alone.
 A Certain Trigger is the first album by the Newcastle-based independent alternative rock band Maxïmo Park. It was released on 16 May 2005 on Warp Records. It was critically acclaimed and nominated for the 2005 Mercury Prize in August of that year.
 WOW Gospel Essentials 2 is a best of Gospel music collection including some of the biggest hits of the modern era. The album has twelve songs on a single CD. It peaked at tenth place on Billboard's Top Gospel Albums chart in 2009 and at 74 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 Nine Tonight is a live album by American rock band Bob Seger & The Silver Bullet Band released in 1981 (see 1981 in music). The album was recorded at Cobo Hall in Detroit Michigan in June 1980 and at the Boston Garden in Boston Massachusetts in October 1980. With the exception of Let It Rock the album is composed entirely of songs drawn from Seger's three previous studio albums. Tryin' To Live My Life Without You was a U.S. Top 5 pop hit peaking at #5.
 Rubbing Doesn't Help is the third album by Magnapop released in 1996.
 The Confessions of Dr. Dream and Other Stories is the fifth studio album by Kevin Ayers. Ayers moved to Island Records for this release which employed a vast array of session musicians. The album also marked the arrival of Patto guitarist Ollie Halsall who would become a constant musical partner for Ayers. The album was critically acclaimed on release with the NME's Nick Kent describing it as Ayers' most formidable recorded work to date.
 3-Song EP is a twelve-inch EP by Royal Trux. It was released by Drag City in 1998.
 Cut Loose is Paul Rodgers (of Free and Bad Company fame) debut solo album. Unlike his other work Paul Rodgers plays all the instruments on this album. It was recorded at his house in Kingstone.The song Live In Peace was re-recorded by his next band The Firm on their second album Mean Business. Superstar Woman was originally an unreleased Bad Company song and was re-recorded by Rodgers for this album. (the original version was eventually released on the Bad Company Anthology in 1999).
 Lady's Bridge is the fifth studio album from musician Richard Hawley released on 20 August 2007 in the UK and on 9 October 2007 in the US. The album follows his 2005 Mercury Music Prize-nominated album Coles Corner. It is named after the landmark location of Lady's Bridge in Hawley's hometown of Sheffield an old bridge over the River Don that historically connected the rich and poor parts of the town.
 Dos Grandes (Two Great Ones) is a compilation album released by Marco Antonio Solís and Joan Sebastian on June 29 2004. There is also an Enhanced Edition which is a CD with DVD. The album was certified gold in Mexico by AMPROFON.
 Jay Chou 2007 World Tour Concert Live (Chinese: 周杰倫2007世界巡迴演唱會) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Jay Chou's second live album and Concert DVD. It was produced by JVR Music and distributed by Sony Music Taiwan. Three editions were released on 31 January 2008: Jay Chou 2007 World Tour Concert Live (2CD) Jay Chou 2007 World Tour Concert Live (DVD) and Jay Chou 2007 World Tour Concert Live (CD+DVD). The content were recorded during concert held on 10 November 2007 at Taipei Taiwan.
 Tuuliset tienoot is the second album by Finnish pop rock band Indica released in 2005. It spent a total of 27 weeks in the Finnish Top 40 peaking at number 12 in February 2006.
 Scream is the eleventh studio album by English heavy metal musician Ozzy Osbourne released in the United Kingdom on 14 June 2010 and his most recent solo album as of 2014. The album was recorded at Osbourne's home studio The Bunker in Los Angeles California and produced by himself and Kevin Churko who had previously worked on Black Rain. The album was commercially successful reaching number 12 on the UK Albums Chart and number four on the U.S.
 You are in the line of fire and they are shooting at you is a 2003 album by Trumans Water released on the Homesleep label.
 Antipop is the sixth studio album by the American rock band Primus released on October 19 1999 before their hiatus in 2000-2003. It is also the last album with drummer Bryan Mantia.
 Diamonds – The Best of Dio is a greatest hits collection from heavy metal band Dio. It was released internationally in 1992 but it was never released domestically in the US.
 Red Letter Day's only release and Eulogy Recordings's second release provides an important part in the chronology of connecting bands.
 Sexless Demons and Scars is the debut album by Jack Off Jill. At the time the group consisted of Jessicka Agent Moulder Ho Ho Spade and Lauracet Simpson. Original members Michelle Inhell and Tenni Ah-Cha-Cha left the band a few months prior to the recording.Sexless Demons and Scars was made at Criteria Studios in Miami Florida. Producer Don Fleming was brought in to help the fledgling rock band find its sound.
 Fly Above EP is the first EP by American singer-songwriter Kandi Burruss. It was scheduled for release on November 10 2009 but was pushed up to October 29 2009 on Kandi's own record label Kandi Koated Entertainment.Kandi decided to release her debut EP and second album separately in order to promote her new single Fly Above and to finally release her long awaited second album in the first quarter of 2010.The EP debuted at #197 on the Billboard 200 in November 2009.
 Brandtson/Camber/Seven Storey is a split album between Brandtson Camber and Seven Storey. It was released on August 12 2003 on Deep Elm Records. All of the songs were unreleased and are exclusive to this split. Although listed as Seven Storey on the album itself they are now known as Seven Storey Mountain.
 Abelard and Heloise is a soundtrack album released in 1970 by the Third Ear Band. It was re-released on CD in 1999 by Blueprint.
 Throne Room is the sixth studio album by multiple Grammy winning gospel artist CeCe Winans. In comparison for Winans' previous projects this one is more inspirational with more traditional songs. This was not one of Winans' most commercially successful projects as the only single spawned from the release did not even chart. Winans' follow-up album Purified did much better.
 The Ultimate Collection is a best of album by British tenor Russell Watson released in 2006.
 No Direction Home is the fourth release by North Carolina music group Nantucket. Richard Gates and David Thumbs Johnson replaced drummer Kenny Soule and bassist Pee Wee Watson for this album who both left the band in 1981 and joined guitarist Michael Gardner to form rock trio PKM. Featured singles include Tennessee Whiskey a version of the Bryan Adams song Hiding From Love and a version of the Marvin Gaye #1 hit classic Ain't That Particular.
 Jefferson Airplane Loves You is a three-CD boxed set of recordings by the San Francisco rock band Jefferson Airplane with extensive liner notes by Jeff Tamarkin author of the Jefferson Airplane history Got a Revolution: The Turbulent Flight of Jefferson Airplane.Many of the tracks are previously unreleased live recordings or studio rehearsals but several are lifted from prior Jefferson Airplane albums.
 Billy Joel: Live at Shea Stadium is a CD and DVD music compilation of songs performed by American singer/songwriter Billy Joel during two concerts at Shea Stadium in New York City on July 16 & 18 2008. It was released on March 8 2011. The film was produced by Jon Small Joel's former bandmate in the 1960s groups The Hassles and Attila.The two concerts were the last performed at Shea Stadium before it was torn down to make way for Citi Field.
 La Chica Del Trebol is an album by Spanish singer and actress singer Rocío Dúrcal released in 1963.
 Acid Dreams is an unofficial compilation album of American garage rock and psychedelic rock songs recorded in the 1960s. It was originally produced in 1979 by a German record shop owner inspired by Elektra Records' Nuggets series
 R.S.V.P. (Rare Songs Very Personal) is a 2004 album by Nancy Wilson featuring Wilson in duet with George Shearing Toots Thielemans Phil Woods and Gary Burton. At the 47th Grammy Awards Wilson won the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Album for her performance on this album.
 Destination Unknown is an album by Ron Sexsmith and Don Kerr released in 2005.
 No Gravity is the second studio album by Bajan recording artist Shontelle released on September 21 2010 by SRC Records. Initially scheduled for an August 2010 release the album had been in production since August 2009 and was pushed back by one month to include additional recording sessions with Rodney Jerkins.It has been preceded by the lead single Impossible which was released on February 9 2010 and reached number thirteen on the US Billboard Hot 100.
 Crampe en Masse is the name of the first album by the Québécois comedy duo Crampe en masse.
 Paris Jam Session is a live album by Art Blakey & the Jazz Messengers with guest appearances by Bud Powell and Barney Wilen recorded at the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées in Paris on 18 December 1959. It was released by Fontana (France) originally by EmArcy in 1961 and subsequently by Verve on CD as part of their Jazz in Paris series.
 Chapter One is the name of the Collage debut album released on June 10 1994 by the label Viper / Metropolitan Records.From that album came out three singles I'll Be Loving You the single most successful album reaching No. 56 position on Billboard Hot 100 Gangster of Love and Diana which did not reach the same success of the first single.
 Blessphemy...of the Peace Beast Feastgiver and the Bear Warp Kumite is the third album by the Noise Rock band An Albatross. It was released June 27th 2006 on CD (Ace Fu Records) and LP (Gold Standard Labs). LP preorders also came with a slipmat featuring the album's artwork by Seripop.The majority of material was composed with newest percussionist and Brooklyn native Edward Klinger during rehearsal sessions in a basement studio Park Slope Brooklyn in late 2005.
 Shooting Silvio is the album collecting the original music by Stefano Lentini composed for the film Shooting Silvio. It was written and composed during 2007 collaborating with Orchestra di Roma and many musicians and sound engineer. Mixed by Luciano Torani producer and sound engineer who worked with Italian singer Francesco De Gregori.
 End Times is the eighth studio album by American rock band Eels released on January 19 2010. The album was self-produced by E and focuses on themes of divorce and aging. The cover was designed by Adrian Tomine.
 Long Time Coming is the fourth studio album by Jonny Lang recorded at MF Studio and The Attic Monrovia California and released on October 14 2003 when he was 22. This fourth album from the still relatively young Lang had been a long time coming with five years passing since the release of Wander This World.Lang incorporated more R&B influences into his overall musical style without neglecting his love for the blues.
 Jenifer is Jenifer Bartoli's début album released in 2002 in France and in February 2007 in the U.S. It achieved success on the French and Belgian charts reaching the top two in both. It spawned four successful singles all of which were top ten hits in Jenifer's native country. The album was recorded in a mere three weeks.
 Searching for Jerry Garcia is the second and final studio album by Detroit rapper Proof of D12 released on August 9 2005. It was the only solo album that Proof released on a major label before his death. It reached number 65 on the U.S. Billboard 200 Albums Chart. The album is named after Grateful Dead member Jerry Garcia.
 Louvação is the debut album by Gilberto Gil released in 1967.
 True Reflections...A New Beginning is the fourth album from Jamaican reggae musician Jah Cure. It was released in 2007 and is his first album since being released from prison on 27 July 2007. It features contributions from Fantan Mojah and Gentleman.
 Número 2 is María Isabel's second album and was released in 2005.
 Slum Village is Slum Village's fifth album released on October 25 2005 on the independent label Barak Records.The release includes a bonus DVD which includes footage on the making of the album as well as an interview with T3 and Elzhi on the group's history. The DVD also features Slum Village's first two music videos Climax (Girl Shit) and Raise It Up from the album Fantastic Vol. 2.The first single from the album was EZ Up.
 Minus is the second studio album by Australian music collective Dukes of Windsor released on 5 September 2008.
 The Young Knives ...Are Dead ...And Some is a compilation of tracks by The Young Knives released on 30 July 2007. The band's former label Shifty Disco released the compilation of the tracks from The Young Knives... Are Dead and its follow-up EP Rollerskater. The album is an enhanced CD which enables owners to access the rare music video for Walking On the Autobahn.
 Voyager is an album released by heavy metal band Manilla Road in 2008.
 Sean Maguire was the first album released by the former EastEnders star Sean Maguire. Maguire released three singles from the album Someone To Love Take This Time and Suddenly. The album reached number 75 and only spent one week in the UK album chart.
 Novella Of Uriel is the debut full-length album by mathcore band Blood Has Been Shed. It was released in the United States on February 20 2001 on Ferret Records.
 Druga strana (Other Side) is an album of the Croatian rock band Thompson. It was released in December 2008. The album is a compilation of re-recorded B-sides previously released by the group. Prior to its release it was known under the working title B strana.
 The Morning After is the second album by American rock band The J. Geils Band released in 1971 (see 1971 in music). The song Cry One More Time was later covered by Gram Parsons on his first solo album.
 Playlist: The Very Best of Ruben Studdard is a compilation of recordings by singer Ruben Studdard. It is part of a series of similar Playlist albums issued on the Legacy label by Sony Music Entertainment.The album released on January 26 2010 includes selections from Studdard's first four studio albums. A PDF file included on the CD contains the song credits photographs and liner notes.
 Born Free is the third studio album from the California based punk rock band Humble Gods and released on January 6 2004 on Suburban Noize Records. There was a seven-year gap between this album and the band's sophomore release No Heroes because vocalist Daddy X was busy with his other band Kottonmouth Kings.
 Stand Back: The Anthology is a compilation album for The Allman Brothers Band released in 2004. It is the only retrospective which is cross-licensed among the different record labels for all of the band's studio recordings from its debut in 1969 through 2003.
 Almost Home is an EP that contains 3 acoustic tracks from Virginia Coalition's 2008 album Home This Year one studio track from the album and a special version of Green and Grey which can be found on Townburg as well as Live at the 9:30 Club.
 Crazy Noise is the 1989 debut album by New Haven Connecticut rapper and producer Stezo. After being a dancer for hip-hop group EPMD Stezo signed a solo record deal with Sleeping Bag Records and recorded this debut album. It featured two charting singles in Freak the Funk and It's My Turn. It's My Turn was the first recorded sample of the drum break in the Skull Snaps song It's a New Day.
 Hellbilly Deluxe: 13 Tales Of Cadaverous Cavorting Inside The Spookshow International (more often referred to by the shortened title Hellbilly Deluxe) is the debut solo album by the former White Zombie singer Rob Zombie. Hellbilly Deluxe was released on August 25 1998. The album's title is a play on the Dwight Yoakam album Hillbilly Deluxe.
 Life in Leipzig is a live album by Norwegian pianist Ketil Bjørnstad and guitarist Terje Rypdal recorded in 2005 and released on the ECM label in 2008.
 Snacktime! is the first children's album by Canadian band Barenaked Ladies released on May 6 2008 by Desperation Records. A companion book was written with artwork by multi-instrumentalist Kevin Hearn who also contributed artwork for the album. It is the final Barenaked Ladies album to include Steven Page who departed the band on February 25 2009. He was subsequently quoted saying of the album [i]t was a lot of fun to do but it wasn't my idea.
 Complicated is an album by Country recording artist Tanya Tucker. Instead of longtime producer Jerry Crutchfield Tucker employed Gregg Brown to produce the album. One track hit the Top Ten in the Billboard Top Country Singles charts the numbr 9 Little Things. Ridin' Out the Heartache was the only other single to chart at number 45. The album reached #15 on the Country Albums chart.
 Llanto De Un Héroe is an album by the power metal band Avalanch and the first one featuring Víctor García as the lead vocals. The lyrics talk about epic themes such as Rodrigo Díaz de Vivar Don Pelayo or Tomás de Torquemada the inquisitor. Also talks about Asturian leyends like Cambaral and echologist thematic like Vientos del Sur dedicadted to Jacques-Yves Cousteau.
 Billboard Top Hits: 1992 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 2000 featuring 10 hit recordings from 1992.The track lineup includes five songs that reached the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The remaining songs all reached the top 10 of the Hot 100.
 Second album released by the glam rock band Cry Wolf
 The Best The Rest The Rare is a compilation album by the German power/speed metal band Helloween. It was released in 1991 on the label Noise Records.
 Meanwhile Back at the Ranch… is a pop/country album by the German band Texas Lightning made up of country-style covers of pop songs. The album was re-released on 3 March 2006 including the song No No Never from Texas Lightning's Eurovision entry.
 Rain in England is an ambient hip hop album by Berkeley California rapper Lil B released on the label Weird Forest on September 21 2010. Produced by Lil B under his persona The Based God Rain in England is unusual for the hip hop genre because it has no percussive beats. Instead Lil B raps over New Age-style synthesizer music.
 A Morning Raga / An Evening Raga is an LP by Hindustani classical musician Ravi Shankar. It was released in 1968 on vinyl. It was later digitally remastered and released in CD format through Angel Records.
 The Very Best of Era is a collection of songs from previous albums and remixes by Era.
 Rush ABC: Live from Cleveland's Agora Ballroom 1974 is a live album by Canadian rock band Rush. On August 26 1974 Rush played at the Agora Ballroom in Cleveland Ohio. The performance was the band's first recorded with drummer Neil Peart who had joined the band on July 29 1974 approximately one month prior to this recording. The concert was recorded live for the local FM station WMMS.
 Majestic Nothingness is the debut studio album by the Norwegian black metal band Carpe Tenebrum. It was recorded in October-November 1995 at Creative Studios Kolbolten in Norway and released in 1997. The band used a drum machine on this album.
 Blood on the Black Robe is the fifth studio album by the Irish celtic metal band Cruachan. It was released in 2011 on Candlelight Records.
 Fear No Evil is the second studio album released by the British heavy metal band Grim Reaper in 1985 under the British independent label Ebony Records.
 Sweet and Sentimental is the debut studio album by American country artist Jan Howard. The album was released by Capitol Records in August 1962 and was produced by Ken Nelson. The record would be Howard's only studio album for the Capitol label and would be her last album release until 1966.
 Ares is the second album by American deathcore band Salt the Wound. It was released on September 15 2009 through Rotten Records.
 Countdown 1992–1983 is a compilation album by the band Pulp. Released on 11 March 1996 it is a double CD album.It features highlights from the band's first three albums (It Freaks and Separations) along with non-album singles (Little Girl With Blue Eyes and Dogs Are Everywhere) and B-sides (Death Goes to the Disco The Mark Of The Devil 97 Lovers and Blue Glow).
 The album Heading for a Storm by the Dutch hard rock band Vandenberg was released in 1983 on Atco Records. The painting on the album cover is made by Adrian Vandenberg.
 Accelerator is the seventh studio album by Royal Trux. It was released in 1998.
 Rohnert Park is the third studio album by San Francisco Bay Area hardcore punk band Ceremony. Named after the band's hometown in Rohnert Park California the 13-track LP is their first full-length release after a series of high-profile tours including their March 2009 tour with Converge and January 2010 tour with A.F.I..
 The Very Best Of Tried & Tested Euphoria is a compilation album released by Ministry of Sound in 2004.
 The Spirit of Apollo is the debut album by indie hip hop duo N.A.S.A.. Showcasing styles including Brazilian funk hip hop new waver electronica and rock the 18-track album was released February 17 2009 following five years of work. Released on Anti-Records the list of collaborations includes David Byrne and Chuck D (Money); M.I.A. with Santigold and Nick Zinner of the Yeah Yeah Yeahs (Whachadoin?); and Kanye West and Lykke Li (Gifted).
 Various Failures is a compilation album by American post-punk band Swans. It was released in 1999 and contains tracks from White Light From the Mouth of Infinity Love of Life The Burning World and The World of Skin's Ten Songs From Another World.
 Front Porch Stories is Avail's sixth and final studio album and released on Fat Wreck Chords in 2002.
 The Skin Mechanic is a live album released by British musician Gary Numan during his stint with IRS Records. The album was recorded in 1988 and released in 1989.Throughout September and October 1988 Numan embarked on an 18-date UK live tour to support his latest studio album Metal Rhythm. The Skin Mechanic (which took its name from a lyric in the Metal Rhythm song Hunger) was recorded at the Dominion Theatre London on 28 September 1988.
 For the 1950 John Ford film see: Wagon MasterWagonmaster was released on June 5 2007 on the ANTI- Records label and is the final studio album by American country music artist Porter Wagoner who died on October 28 that year. A music video was made for the album's only single Committed to Parkview.
 Hongqi xia de dan (红旗下的蛋 literally eggs under the red flag) English title on CD cover Balls Under The Red Flag is a 1994 Mandarin rock album by Cui Jian.
 Sugar & Spice is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Mýa. It is her first studio album to be released (overseas) by Manhattan Recordings—an R&B Japanese independent label in Japan on December 3 2008; following her departure from Universal Motown in early 2008.Sugar & Spice was Harrison's first of many independently—released projects through her own label imprint Planet 9.
 Euphemystic is the first full-length album by American band Son Ambulance. It is the 36th release from Saddle Creek Records.
 Live! is a live concert video from the British alternative rock band Bush. Filmed in the Fall of 2011 in Portland Oregon during the time they were touring in support of their album The Sea of Memories. The video was released on DVD and Blu-ray formats on 1 March 2013.
 Where the Humans Eat is the first full-length album released by American singer-songwriter Willy Mason. It was recorded in Catskill New York in early May 2004. Songs were mostly recorded live and feature Mason singing and playing guitar (adding cello accordion and vibraphone in the studio) and his younger brother Sam on drums.
 Limited Edition Tour EP is a 1997 limited edition EP by Caedmon's Call released to coincide with their major tour of 1997.
 I Can See Clearly Now is the Grammy-nominated third album released by Gospel Gangstaz. It was released on May 18 1999 for B-Rite Records and featured production by Mr. Solo Tik Tokk Chillie' Baby DeMarie Meech Sheki Twenty20 and Trackmasters. I Can See Clearly made it to three Billboard charts 25 on the Top Heatseekers 11 on the Top Christian Albums and 3 on the Top Gospel Albums. I Can See Clearly Now was a critical success and remains the groups most successful album.
 Magic Time is the thirty-first studio album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison. It was released on 17 May 2005 (see 2005 in music) by Geffen Records. The album debuted at #25 on the US Billboard charts and #3 on the UK charts—his best ever showing on a studio album. By the end of 2005 Magic Time had sold 252000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan. Rolling Stone Magazine listed it as #17 on their list of The Top 50 Records of 2005.
 Show and Tell is Silvertide's full-length debut album. It was produced by Oliver Leiber mixed by Kevin Caveman Shirley and released September 28 2004. Acclaimed as one of the most influential new albums of 2004[citation needed] Show and Tell is a return to the classic rock sounds of generations past.
 More Than Lazy expands 1994's Lazy from seven songs to nineteen and gives even more insight into Scott Taylor's song writing as the listener is treated to the greatest number of Grifterized Hot Monkey tunes.
 Architect of Lies is the fifth album released by the band Mercenary but the third through Century Media Records. This is the first album to include René Renegade Pedersen on bass and death growls who replaced founding member Henrik Kral Andersen who left the band in March 2006. This is also the last album to include vocalist Mikkel Sandager keyboardist Morten Sandager and drummer Mike Park. The album was released March 25 2008.
 Loads of Love is a 1963 studio album by Shirley Horn arranged by Jimmy Jones.
 Midnight of the Century is the debut album of Brooklyn band Blacklist. It was released in 2009 on independent record label Wierd Records. The title is a reference to a book by Victor Serge.
 Songs From Lonely Avenue is the eighth studio album from the American swing revival band The Brian Setzer Orchestra released in 2009. This is the first album to feature all original songs written by Brian Setzer.
 Chifra is the first EP by the melodic death metal band Satariel. This record is clearly more melodic than their previous work. A video for Hogtied Angel can be seen on YouTube.
 Twang Bar King is the second solo album by Adrian Belew released in 1983.
 Above and Beyond the Doll of Cutey is the debut album of American country music artist Pam Tillis. Released in 1983 as her only album for Warner Bros. Records it features the singles Killer Comfort and Love Is Sneakin' Up on You. The album was more pop oriented in comparison to her work on Arista Nashville.
 Rhinestone Cowboy is the 30th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1975.
 On the 6 is the debut studio album by American singer Jennifer Lopez. It was released June 1 1999 by the Work Group. Beginning her career in musical theater Lopez re-entered the music scene with her portrayal of the title role in Selena (1997). The role inspired her to launch a career in music; critics deemed it risky noting that failure would be embarrassing and could damage her career.
 Texas is the first full-length album by PlayRadioPlay!.
 Crossroads is the third full-length studio album by the Futurepop band mind.in.a.box released on August 31 2007 on Dependent Records and September 25 2007 on Metropolis Records.
 America – The EP is an EP by Christian pop rock singer Rebecca St. James. It was released in honor of the National Day of Prayer 2006. I Thank You and Yes I Believe In God were originally released on Wait For Me: The Best From Rebecca St. James.
 Live Tour 2011: Dejavu (stylized as LIVE TOUR 2011 ~Dejavu~) is tenth love DVD by Japanese singer-songwriter Koda Kumi. It charted at number one on the Oricon DVD chart and charted for a total of 11 weeks selling over 35624 copies.
 Almost Seventeen is Crystal Kay's third album.[citation needed]
 My Name is the debut album by French singer-songwriter Mélanie Pain. After singing for new wave band Nouvelle Vague Pain completed recording her first album releasing it on April 21 2009.
 3 Vulgar Videos from Hell is a DVD released in 1999 and re-released in 2006 by the heavy metal band Pantera. This DVD combines all three of the band's previous home videos (Cowboys from Hell: The Videos Vulgar Video and 3 Watch It Go) and features music videos live performances appearances interviews and footage of the band on tour and in the studio from mid-1989 to early 1997.[citation needed]
 Phoenix is the third album released by the American rock band Just Surrender on June 22 2010. It is the follow-up to their 2009 EP entitled Stronger Now EP. It is characterized by a darker heavier sound than... previous releases.The album contains 12 tracks two of which were featured on their 2009 release Stronger Now EP. On My Own was chosen as the first single from the LP.
 Magic is the seventeenth studio album released by Japanese hard rock band B'z on November 18 2009.
 Inventions is the second album by the folk guitarist Sandy Bull released in 1965 through Vanguard Records.
 Live at Tonic is live album by jazz bassist Christian McBride recorded at Tonic in New York January 10 11 2005.
 El Espíritu Del Vino (Spanish for The Spirit of Wine) is the third studio album by the Spanish rock band Héroes del Silencio released in 1993. A double disc special edition was released in December 2006 on EMI.
 Paul Bley with Gary Peacock is an album by Canadian jazz pianist Paul Bley with American bassist Gary Peacock recorded in 1964 and 1968 and released on the ECM label in 1970.
 Dragon Ball Z: BEST REMIX 2006 ½ Special (ドラゴンボールZ BEST REMIX 2006 ½ スペシャル Doragon Bōru Zetto 2006 Nibun-no-ichi Supesharu) is a remix compilation album of theme and image songs from the anime Dragon Ball Z. It was released on December 20 2006 by Columbia Records in Japan only.
 Crashing Gates is an EP by Kevin Max released on December 9 2008 on iTunes Store. It is a continuation of The Imposter—a more focused collection of songs about the Apocalypse.Crashing Gates debuted at #43 on the iTunes Top 100 Alternative Albums chart. According to Max Universal (dPulse's parent label) is considering releasing a full package with added songs in 2009.
 Yeah! Yeah! Die! Die! (Death Metal Symphony in Deep C) is the sixth studio album by Waltari that combines death metal with classical music. Originally Yeah! Yeah! Die! Die! was written as a stage show. After the show's premiere performance in 1995 at the Helsinki Music Festival it was recorded and finally released in May 1996.
 Bursting at the Seams is a studio album by English band Strawbs. It contains their two most successful singles and reached number 2 in the UK Album Chart.
 The Third Storm of Cythraul is the third full-length studio album by black metal band Absu. It was released on Osmose Productions in 1997.
 Ila Tilmitha is the sixteenth album by Kathem Al Saher released on November 11 2004. The album contains collaborations with Asmaa Lemnawar.
 Relativity Urban Assault is a compilation album released by Relativity Records on September 10 1996. The album's best known song is Common's The Bitch in Yoo which was a diss song aimed at rapper Ice Cube and his group Westside Connection.
 Narada Smooth Jazz is a 1997 compilation release by Narada. It peaked at #25 on Billboard's Top Contemporary Jazz Albums in the same year.
 Homegrown is the second EP by American rapper Chris Webby. The EP was released on November 12 2013 by his own label Homegrown Music and eOne Music. The EP features a guest appearance by Strange Music rapper Rittz and contains production by Harry Fraud DJ Burn One Rich Kidd Sap and Ned Cameron among others. Homegrown was supported by the single Down Right.
 Miracle is an EP by The Original Wailers released by MRG Recordings on April 10 2012.
 Soul Sounds is the debut album by soul singer Chris Clark released in 1967. As a white artist on a label for which artists were predominantly black the album made Clark a cult heroine. The album is considered one of Motown's most collectable.
 Relendo Dilermando Reis is a 1994 album recorded by the Brazilian musician Raphael Rabello. Produced by J. C. Botezelli also known as Pelão the album won Prêmio Sharp for Best Soloist in the same year. The disc presents many choro and waltz songs interpreted by Dilermando Reis in the past.
 Live at Montreux 1981 is a live video album released by Mike Oldfield. The concert was recorded at Montreux Jazz Festival in 1981 and later released on DVD in 2006 by Eagle Vision and Montreux Sounds with thanks to Virgin Records.It was a part of Oldfield's European Adventure Tour 1981.
 Friends In Danger is the debut album by Australian rock band Magic Dirt. It was their major label debut outside of Australia distributed in the USA by Warner Music. In Australia they remained on Au Go Go Records.
 Joanna & 王若琳 is the second studio album by Joanna Wang released in January 2009. It comprises two discs given two separate titles: the first also titled Joanna & 王若琳 is described in this article; disc 2 is titled The Adult Storybook under the name New Tokyo Terror. The album's title includes Wang's English and Chinese names thereby reflecting the duality of the singer and the songwriter. The first disc displays the performer and includes covers of works by other artists.
 Océano (Spanish: Ocean) is the third studio album by Argentine singer Pablo Ruiz. It was released in 1989.[citation needed]
 1967–1970 (widely known as The Blue Album) is a compilation of songs by the English rock band The Beatles spanning the years indicated in the title. It was released with 1962–1966 (The Red Album) in 1973. 1967–1970 made number 1 on the American Billboard chart and number 2 on the British Album Chart. This album was re-released in September 1993 on compact disc charting at number 4 in the United Kingdom.The album was compiled by Beatles manager Allen Klein.
 Some Fantastic Place is a 1993 album by the British New Wave group Squeeze. It is the band's tenth studio album and it marks the departure of drummer Gilson Lavis the only band member besides Chris Difford and Glenn Tilbrook who had appeared on every Squeeze album to this point (Lavis was replaced by Pete Thomas). This record also marks the brief return of keyboardist/vocalist Paul Carrack.
 Poison is the debut studio album from American R&B/hip hop group Bell Biv DeVoe released March 20 1990 on MCA Records.The album peaked at number five on the Billboard 200 chart. By April 1995 it was certified quadruple-platinum in sales by the RIAA after sales exceeding 4000000 copies in the United States.
 Free Speech is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1969 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Ganbari-yo! (がんばリーヨ!) is the 1st studio album by the Japanese pop group T-Pistonz+KMC. It was released on December 22 2010.
 Galahs in the Gidgee is the first album released by Colin Buchanan in 1991. Produced by John Kane for the ABC Records label the album is considered Buchanan's breakthrough album earning him several Australian Country Music Award nominations and his first winning award for New Talent of the Year for the album.All of the songs on the album relate to the Australian Outback the people who live there and local customs.
 All That Fall is the debut album by Australian New Wave group Beargarden. It was released in 1986 on Chase Records.Beargarden were selected by Virgin Records Australia as their first Australian signing. Under their new label the band released a single The Finer Things which was produced by Ross Cockle at AAV studios in South Melbourne and released in October 1984 with a film clip directed by John Hillcoat and featuring a young Noah Taylor.
 Canadiana Suite is a 1964 album by Oscar Peterson.
 5150 (pronounced fifty-one-fifty) is the seventh studio album by American hard rock band Van Halen released in 1986 on Warner Bros. Records. It was the first to be recorded with new lead singer Sammy Hagar who replaced David Lee Roth.It was named after Eddie Van Halen's home studio 5150 which is a California law enforcement term for a mentally disturbed person (a reference to Section 5150 of the California Welfare and Institutions Code).
 Sikkibahm is a full length album by acoustic duo Lost and Found. The album has been released on both cassette and CD. It is now only available as part of The Early Years box set.
 10th Anniversary is a greatest hits album by German DJ Sash! released on October 25 2007 through Blanco Y Negro label. The record includes 16 hit singles a reloaded version of Ecuador previously unreleased songs plus a bonus DVD including videoclips to all the songs from the album.
 Riding with the King was singer-songwriter John Hiatt's sixth album released in 1983. It was his second of three albums with Geffen Records. Ron Nagle and Scott Mathews (credited as Scott Matthews) produced side one of the album at The Pen in San Francisco with Mathews himself playing all instruments (except guitar) and all the background vocals. The second side of the album was produced by Nick Lowe at Eden Studios in London with a group of crack pub rock musicians backing Hiatt.
 Tattoo was the fourth studio album released by Rory Gallagher. It demonstrated Gallagher's eclectic range of musical influences starting with the blues and adding elements from jazz folk and country.
 Still a Hot Boy is the fourth album released by rapper Turk. It was released on September 15 2005 through Laboratory Records and featured production from Kenoe DJ Toomp Drumma Boy. This was Turk's first album not to make it to any charts.
 Prime Motivator is the fourth full-length LP by The Giraffes. It was recorded and mixed at Studio G in Brooklyn NY by Joel Hamilton.On July 25 2010 the song Done was released by Ozone Entertainment as downloadable content on the Rock Band Network for Xbox 360. On August 3 2011 the first Rock Band mashup song American Hero vs.
 For My Friends is the fourth studio album by American rock band Blind Melon released April 22 2008. It is their first album in twelve years and the first to feature new lead singer Travis Warren who was recruited after the death of previous lead singer Shannon Hoon.
 Live in Detroit a 2003 release of a live performance by the band The Stooges.
 Live from Le Cabaret is Maroon 5's third live album released on July 8 as an iTunes-exclusive download. It was recorded at Le Cabaret in Montreal Quebec on June 13 2007. A DVD version of the concert was included in the re-release of the group's previous studio album It Won't Be Soon Before Long.
 Taken By Force is the fifth studio album by German heavy metal band Scorpions released by RCA Records in 1977. This was the first Scorpions album to feature drummer Herman Rarebell and the final album to feature guitarist Uli Jon Roth.
 If My Heart Had Windows is the second album recorded by country music artist Patty Loveless and was released in 1988. The title track — a cover of a George Jones song from 1967 — became Loveless' first top ten hit peaking on the Billboard Country Music charts at #10. It was then followed by her biggest chart position at the time with A Little Bit In Love a song written by country artist Steve Earle.
 Travel III EP is the sixth album by the Christian rock band Future of Forestry and the third in the Travel Series. The recording of the album “officially” started on February 11. It was released on June 29 2010. Frontman Eric Owyoung wrote all of the songs for this EP and his wife Tamara Owyoung painted the cover art for the album. The band subsequently departed on what was called The 3 Tour to go along with the release.
 Succour is the second studio album by British experimental rock/electronic band Seefeel. Released in 1995 on Warp Records the album is much more rooted in experimental electronic music than their previous album Quique. Succour was released on CD cassette and a double-vinyl LP.
 Heart Soul & a Voice is the second English-language album by Jon Secada released in 1994 on the SBK Records label. It contains the singles Take Me If You Go and Mental Picture.
 Unveil the Mystery is the second compilation album by the Canadian progressive rock band Mystery. While At the Dawn of a New Millennium features lead vocals by Gary Savoie Unveil The Mystery features lead vocals by Benoît David.
 Back To The Underground: El Francotirador Edition is the second album of O.G. Black.
 Haunted Heart is an album by the American jazz bassist Charlie Haden's Quartet West recorded in 1991 and released on the Verve label.
 I Could Rule the World If I Could Only Get the Parts is an EP by The Waitresses. Square Pegs was the theme to the television series Square Pegs. I Could Rule the World If I Could Only Get the Parts is a live cover of a Tin Huey song Tin Huey being the other band of Waitresses founder Chris Butler. The recording is taken from a Westwood One radio broadcast.
 Fuzz is the third and final studio album by Canadian rock band Junkhouse. The album was recorded in the fall of 1996 at a converted church studio in Hamilton called Catherine North which was co-owned by guitarist Dan Achen. This is Junkhouse's only album to feature Colin Cripps. The album features the hit singles Pearly White and Shine.
 Listen To This Eddie is a bootleg recording of a rock concert by English band Led Zeppelin performed on June 21 1977 at the Los Angeles Forum in Los Angeles California. It is often noted as one of the band's best (if not the best) performances. It is also distinguished by its clear sound.[citation needed]
 Health is the fourth studio album by Canadian band The Heavy Blinkers. It was released in July 2013 under their self-titled record album.It is their first album within 10 years after their 2004 album The Night and I Are Still So Young.
 Maps of the Saints was first released in 1999 through Summersteps Records on cassette and CD-R. It was re-issued in 2003. The liner notes and packaging were laid out by Ted Baird who would later join the band as a musician. The relief print by Cassie Rose Kobeski on the cover is entitled Sunday Dinner.
 Picnic of Love is the fifth album by Anal Cunt. It was released on July 21 1998. The album was released as a joke and a parody of love songs as well as of the band itself. The album is characterized by the opposite of everything that the band represents. While the normal Anal Cunt album consists of forty to fifty tracks (most which are under a minute in length) Picnic of Love contains only eleven comparably long tracks.
 Burn Out is the second album by Christian pop punk band Slick Shoes released in 1998.
 M.O.L. is a home-made DVD by American rock band Disturbed released in 2002. It is a documentary following the various activities of the band while in the studio and during touring. It also contains music videos and live performances of various songs from Disturbed's debut album The Sickness.
 Shameless Self-Promotion Is the Sloppy Meateaters' first studio album. The album contained the two original members of the band Josh Chambers (Sloppy Josh) and drummer Kevin Highfield (Sloppy Kevin). Although only two members of the band were recorded on the album the cover of the re-released album contained Travis Gerke who joined the band after the original release.
 In Search of The is a set of thirteen albums by Buckethead released on February 21 2007. Each was initially personally numbered and monogrammed by Buckethead himself. No two sets were the same as the covers were hand-drawn and unique from one another. It is considered a special release making it the first of Buckethead's albums to be referred to as such.According to Travis Dickerson:The original box set could be purchased as either a box set or separately.
 Checkin' Out the Ghosts is a studio album by Kim Carnes released in Japan only (1991) (see 1991 in music). Two years later in 1993 the song Gypsy Honeymoon would be re-recorded and released as a single in Europe only.
 Shaking the Habitual is the fourth studio album by Swedish electronic music duo The Knife released on 5 April 2013 by Rabid Records. The album was announced on 12 December 2012 along with a teaser video posted on YouTube. The track listing was officially revealed on 25 January 2013 followed by the artwork two days later. It was released as a double CD and triple LP and as a digital download.Full of Fire was released as the album's lead single on 28 January 2013.
 Snafu is the first album by Snafu. An unusual funky tone for what is essentially an R&B band. Cover art (including entire gatefold sleeve inner) by Roger Dean.
 The Grand Wazoo is a 1972 jazz fusion album by Frank Zappa and The Mothers. Composed and recorded during Zappa's period of convalescence following his assault in London the album along with its predecessor album Waka/Jawaka (July 1972) represent Zappa's foray into big band fusion the logical progression from Hot Rats (1969) which used a much smaller lineup. The album was the last release on Zappa's Bizarre Records label.
 Old Stuff Part 3 is a compilation album by grindcore band Anal Cunt. The album contains a demo recorded for a Boston hardcore compilation that was never released (most of these songs were later rerecorded for the album I Like It When You Die). It also contains songs from The Raunchous Brothers split 7 songs from various tribute compilations and other previously unreleased songs. It was released on CD on July 24 2008 and on LP in April 2009. The LP comes with an exclusive poster.
 ReVoltingRoom is the third full-length album by American groove metal band Skinlab. The album was released 2002.
 Haunted Heart is the second major studio album released by American country music singer Sammy Kershaw. It produced four singles: She Don't Know She's Beautiful the title track Queen of My Double-Wide Trailer and I Can't Reach Her Anymore. She Don't Know She's Beautiful was a Number One hit on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart for Kershaw in 1993 while the other three singles reached the Top Ten on the same chart.
 Lateef at Cranbrook (also reissued as Yusef Lateef) is a live album by multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1958 at the Cranbrook Academy of Art and released on the Argo label.
 Portraits of Cuba is an album by Cuban musician Paquito D'Rivera released through Chesky Records in 1996. In 1997 the album won D'Rivera the Grammy Award for Best Latin Jazz Performance.
 Elegy is an album by John Zorn which was dedicated to Jean Genet featuring four file card compositions titled after colors and arranged in the style of chamber music.
 Island Records issued this compilation in 2000 as the first step in a program to re-master and re-issue the albums that Richard and Linda Thompson had cut for them.Island's UK catalog number was IMCD 270/542456-2 and the US catalog number was 314 542 456-2The tracks are drawn mostly from the duo's three albums for Island: I Want To See The Bright Lights Tonight Hokey Pokey and Pour Down Like Silver though two tracks are taken from Richard Thompson's first solo album Henry The Human Fly; there is also an alternate recording of A Heart Needs A Home and a live version of The Calvary Cross with an extended guitar solo both of which originally appeared on the mid-seventies compilation album (guitar vocal).This compilation was released in the UK under the name The End Of The Rainbow: an introduction to Richard & Linda Thompson with an identical track listing and similar art work.
 Then Again is a collection of rarities remixes and lost songs by former Josef K frontman Paul Haig recorded between 1982 and 1998 including previously unreleased material. Guests include Alan Rankine Cabaret Voltaire Mantronik Bernard Sumner Donald Johnson of A Certain Ratio and Finitribe.This compilation is a companion to the 1988 Les Disques Du Crepuscule release European Sun. There is some duplication of tracks on the two compilations.
 LP Underground 7.0 is a CD and digital download set released in December 5 2007 by Linkin Park Underground. The live album was the first live album and the seventh release by LP Underground. This album is one of the albums and EPs released per year by the fan club.
 Cruisin' is the third studio album by the Village People released on September 25 1978. Its name carries a double meaning: it may mean just driving around or gay cruising. This became obvious even for straight audiences in 1980 when William Friedkin's movie Cruising was released. Features the hits Hot Cop and Y.M.C.A. which peaked at #2 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Gori borovina is an album by the Herzegovinian singer Mate Bulić. It was released in 2003 on the Croatia Records record label.
 Blaze of Glory is a 1989 album by Joe Jackson. Blaze of Glory was a modest seller although the resultant single Nineteen Forever reached No. 4 in the US Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart. Jackson felt the album was one of his best efforts and toured to support it with an eleven piece band in the U.S. and Europe from June to November 1989 and was disappointed with both the commercial reaction and his record label's lack of support.
 From Ohio with Love is a three-way-split album featuring songs from A Day in the Life (now called Hawthorne Heights) Hit the Lights and The Red Affair (now called The Great American Beast).
 Draft 7.30 is the seventh album by the electronic music group Autechre. It was released by Warp Records in 2003.The name Draft 7.30 supposedly derives from the album being the 30th edited version of the album. The artwork for this album was created by Alex Rutterford. Theme of Sudden Roundabout refers to Sudden which is in Rochdale the duo's hometown.
 Get Dead or Die Trying is the debut studio album by British death metal band The Rotted (formerly known as Gorerotted). 28 Days Later is a cover of the soundtrack song In the House - In a Heartbeat from the film of the same name composed by John Murphy.
 Currywurst mit Darm (German for Curried sausage with gut) is the 9th album by German rapper King Orgasmus One (aka Imbiss Bronko)
 Slade Alive Vol. 2 is a live album by the British rock group Slade. It was released October 27 1978 and did not enter the charts.There were also plans to release Be (Stand Up! Stand Up!) as a single but it never eventuated due to the steady decline in the group's fortunes.The album peaked at #778 for 1978 on rateyourmusic.According to album notes the album was recorded on tour in U.S.A. (Autumn 1976) and U.K. (Spring 1977).
 Seotaiji 6th Ultramania is the second solo studio album by Korean musician Seo Taiji and his sixth overall album. It shows a continuation of the nu metal sound expressed in his first solo album Seo Tai Ji and even elements of hardcore punk. It has remained one of his popular albums selling over a million records in Korea. Ultramania spawned three number-one singles Internet War Ultramania and Feel the Soul.
 Reckoning is a 1981 live double album by the Grateful Dead. It consists of acoustic material recorded live in September and October 1980. Some of the tracks are shortened versions of the live performances.The material recorded in 1980 was originally intended for release on one double LP set. But the format of the music subsequently steered them towards the release of the two double albums this and Dead Set.
 Radio 1's Live Lounge – Volume 5 is a collection of live tracks played on Fearne Cotton's Radio 1 show. The album is the fifth in a series of Live Lounge albums. It consists of both covers and the bands' own songs. The album was released on 25 October 2010.
 Quannum Spectrum is a 1999 album by artists associated with the alternative hip-hop label and collective Quannum Projects. The album was released on July 27 1999 and wasthe first release on the Quannum label after its name was changed from Solesides. In addition to Quannum artists the album features contributions by Jurassic 5 Divine Styler Souls of Mischief and El-P. It also includes intermission cuts hosted by former Solesides DJ Mack B-Dog.
 The Sad History of the Village of Alnerique was a record album released on 22 September 2008. It was recorded by Simon Whelan and Nathan Stephenson. It was mixed and mastered by Simon Whelan and the artwork was by Oliver Pitt.
 Lost Songs is a compilation album from the alternative rock band Anberlin released on November 20 2007. It is a collection of covers unreleased songs from previous album sessions and acoustic versions. This album is not entirely all-new as most of the tracks have previously appeared on special editions of albums or other compilations.
 She's a Queen: A Collection of Hits is the first greatest hits album (fifth overall) by American rapper Queen Latifah released on September 17 2002 (see 2002 in music) in the United States. Although the album was released on Motown Records a few of her songs from her Tommy Boy Records days were included on it. Furthermore Latifah recorded two new songs for the album Go Head and She's a Queen.
 The Best of White Lion is the first greatest hits compilation album from the Hard rock band White Lion released in September of 1992. The compilation features all of White Lion's charted singles from their three most successful albums: Pride Big Game and Mane Attraction.
 My Maudlin Career is the fourth studio album by the Scottish indie pop band Camera Obscura. The album was released in April 2009 via 4AD and like its predecessor was produced by Jari Haapalainen of The Bear Quartet. The string and horn arrangements are by Björn Yttling of Peter Bjorn and John.
 The Secret Wars is the first studio album by American rock musician Ace Enders his first using the name Ace Enders and a Million Different People. It was released for free download on June 13 2008 via Fuse TV's website.
 Top of My Lungs is the eleventh studio album from contemporary Christian group Phillips Craig and Dean. It was released through INO Records on September 16 2006. The album features the radio hit singles Saved the Day Your Name and Top of My Lungs.
 Modern Art is an album by trumpeter Art Farmer featuring performances recorded in 1958 and originally released on the United Artists label.
 No Hope No Fear is the third album by Borghesia released in 1987 on Play It Again Sam Records.
 For other uses see Fancy Pants (disambiguation)Fancy Pants is a 1983 studio album by Count Basie and his orchestra. This is the last recording that Basie made with his big band.
 Aushomapto 1 is the fifth studio album by Bangladeshi Rock band Aurthohin released in 2008.
 Beautiful is the fourteenth and final studio album by American musician Teena Marie. It was released in January 2013 under Universal Music.The album was completed by Marie's daughter Alia Rose due to her death in December 2010.
 Rivers and Tides: Working with Time is a soundtrack by English guitarist composer and improvisor Fred Frith of the 2001 Anglo-German documentary film Rivers and Tides by Thomas Riedelsheimer about the British landscape sculptor Andy Goldsworthy.Frith composed all the music for the soundtrack and incorporated sound clips of water from the film in the final mix.
 Just Go is the ninth studio album by American singer-songwriter Lionel Richie. The album was slated to be released in US on March 10 2009 but was pushed back to May 19 2009. In UK the album was released as scheduled on March 16 2009. The International release date was March 13 2009. Akon and Ne-Yo share in the writing duties for the new album along with Norwegian production team StarGate. Just Go also has contributions from songwriter Johntá Austin and The-Dream.
 A Cold-Blooded Epitaph is the first EP by The Black Dahlia Murder released in May 2002 on Lovelost Records it is released as an MCD.The Blackest Incarnation and Closed Casket Requiem were to be later released on their following full-length album Unhallowed.The EP features the cover of Paint It Black originally performed by The Rolling Stones in 1966.
 You Light Up My Life is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released in March 1978 by Columbia Records. It made its first appearance on Billboard magazine's Top LP's & Tapes chart in the issue dated April 1 1978 and remained there for 24 weeks peaking at number 9 while in the meantime receiving Gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America on May 2 and Platinum certification two months later on July 6.
 For All Tid (Forever in English) is the debut studio album by Norwegian black metal band Dimmu Borgir. It was remastered and re-released in 1997 with their new label Nuclear Blast with the front cover art in full color and the entire Inn i Evighetens Mørke EP added. It is the band's only studio album on which Shagrath is not the lead vocalist.The artwork displayed on the front cover of the album is inspired by Gustave Doré's illustration of Camelot from Idylls of the King.
 Drive by Shooting is a hardcore punk solo E.P. by Henry Rollins credited to Henrietta Collins and The Wifebeating Childhaters which served as a precursor to the Rollins Band. This recording features a Wire cover a re-vision of a Queen song and a parody of a Beach Boys style song. It is exclusively available now in a double CD package with Hot Animal Machine.
 Stationary Traveller is the tenth studio album by English progressive rock band Camel. Like much of Camel's output it is a concept album in this case centering around the trials of East German refugees attempting to cross the Berlin Wall into West Berlin.
 Greenslade is an eponymous album of seven songs from the British progressive rock band Greenslade released in 1973 and their first studio album. The artwork for the album cover is by Roger Dean.
 Money for Nothing is a greatest hits album by British rock band Dire Straits released in 1988. It features highlights from the band's first five albums. The vinyl edition omits Telegraph Road and has a different running order with Tunnel of Love placed between Money for Nothing the title track and Brothers in Arms. The collection went to #1 on the UK Albums Chart. It sold 6.6 million copies in Europe and one million in the U.S.
 Sneak Attack is an album released by the Buddy Miles Regiment in 1981. This band was headed by American rock guitarist and drummer Buddy Miles. The album was released as an 11-track 2-LP vinyl set and included tracks that were recorded live at the CIM prison facility in Chino California.
 Class of 98 is the second album by American hardcore punk band 98 Mute. It was released on June 2 1998 on Theologian Records. Like its predecessor the self-titled debut it was produced by Fletcher Dragge of the band Pennywise and one of the tracks Picture This was featured on Epitaph Records' Punk-O-Rama series of compilations as they left to join them.
 Sheep Farming in Barnet was the second single by Toyah fronted by Toyah Willcox released in 1979 by Safari Records.
 Tim Buckley is the self-titled debut album by Los Angeles based singer-songwriter Tim Buckley released in 1966. Most of the songs on it were co-written by Buckley and Larry Beckett while they were in high school.
 inside/Absent is the third album by Broken Spindles the solo project of Joel Petersen of The Faint and Beep Beep which are all on Saddle Creek Records. It was released August 23 2005.This album is the 82nd release of Saddle Creek Records.
 Ayumi Hamasaki's Countdown Live 2000-2001 A was released on June 20 2001
 Thugs Revenge is an album by the rapper Bizzy Bone of Bone Thugs-N-Harmony. All of the songs were produced by 'Mr. Criminal' except for the hit single We Ride which was produced by Fingazz.
 Merry Xmas From X	 is a two-track EP released by album by the American punk rock band X in 2009. It consists of two classic Christmas songs and is distributed only as digital download.
 Children of the Night is an album by Canadian alternative recording artist Nash the Slash. Released in 1981 after Nash toured the United Kingdom in 1980 supporting Gary Numan the album quickly gained cult status with its unique sound created using electric mandolins electric violins drum machines and other sonic devices.
 Voyage ~Sans Retour~ is the second album by Malice Mizer released on June 9 1996. The title is French for voyage of no return. It is their first material released with second vocalist Gackt. The first press edition limited to 5000 came in a plastic slipcase with an additional Visual Arts Booklet.
 Playground is a jazz album by Michel Petrucciani which features his generally acoustic-based approach being transformed by the addition of synthesizers and electric bass guitar in the ensemble as well as a more funk-rhythm driven approach to the music.
 Not So Commercial is the seventh studio album recorded by Venezuelan band Los Amigos Invisibles. Released on 15 March 2011 it was nominated in the Best Latin Album category at the 2012 Grammy Awards.
 Hindu Love Gods is the only album by American band Hindu Love Gods released in 1990. The album was recorded around the same time as Warren Zevon's album Sentimental Hygiene for which Zevon had enlisted Bill Berry Peter Buck and Mike Mills of R.E.M. as players. The musicians also recorded this set of cover versions reputedly during a late night drunken recording session.[citation needed] The recordings were not originally intended for release.[citation needed]
 Hunters and Prey is an EP by the Power metal band Angra.
 Nina Hagen Band is the first album of the Nina Hagen Band from 1978.
 Alive is the fourth studio album by Canadian R&B and Dance-pop singer Shawn Desman. The album is a soundtrack to Shawn Desman's short film of the same name.
 Movement is the second album by American indie rock band Gossip it was released on May 6 2003.
 Daylight Again is the seventh album by Crosby Stills & Nash and their fourth studio album comprising original material. It peaked at #8 on the Billboard Top Pop Albums chart the final time the band has made the top ten to date. Three singles were released from the album all making the Billboard Hot 100: Wasted on the Way peaked at #9 Southern Cross at #18 and Too Much Love to Hide at #69. It was certified platinum by the RIAA.
 Indelibly Stamped is the second album by progressive rock band Supertramp released in 1971. It marked a dramatic change in direction to a more straightforward rock sound and by admission of the band's own liner notes Travelled is the only song with any resemblance to their début album. Like their début this album was a commercial failure. Original editions have a colour gate-fold cover and different text for the band name and album title.
 Fruit is the debut album by Danish band The Asteroids Galaxy Tour. It was released on September 21 2009 in Europe and October 27 2009 in the US.
 Sticky Wickets is the second studio album by Irish band The Duckworth Lewis Method. It was released in July 2013 under Divine Comedy Records.
 This Is the Six is the debut studio album by British metallic hardcore band While She Sleeps. The album was released on 13 August 2012 through Search and Destroy Records. Preparation for the album began in 2010 with recording beginning on 1 November 2011 and wrapping up in February 2012. The title track This Is the Six was released as the first single from the album on 13 May 2012.
 Kicking in the Water is the second album by Canadian band The Gandharvas. It was released in 1995 on the Watch Music record label.
 Schadenfreude is the second EP released by the Australian noise rock band Lubricated Goat released in 1989 through Black Eye Records.
 War All the Time is the title of the fourth release and second full-length by hardcore punk band Poison Idea released in 1987 by Alchemy Records. It is named after a book by Charles Bukowski.
 Deathcrush is a demo album first released by Norwegian black metal band Mayhem. It was released on 16 August 1987 through the record label Posercorpse and was the first studio release by any band of the Norwegian black metal scene.
 Limestone is an Australian reggae album. It is a collaboration between Joe Camilleri and Bomba's Nicky Bomba. The name Limestone is a tribute to the country of birth to both Camilleri and Bomba the island of Malta.
 Master of Disaster is singer-songwriter John Hiatt's eighteenth album released in 2005. The North Mississippi All-Stars back up Hiatt on this album.
 Just Until... released August 2 2005 is a collection of remixes of songs from the I Owe You album by American contemporary gospel singer Kierra Kiki Sheard. The title was abbreviated from its working title Just Until The Next Record. Domestically the album peaked at #10 on the US Billboard Gospel and #82 on the Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Charts.The domestic album had a surprise international hit in The Godson Concept remix of Let Go.
 Odyshape released in 1981 was the second album by The Raincoats.
 No Devolución is the sixth studio album by the American rock band Thursday. The record was released through Epitaph Records on April 12 2011. The musical style on No Devolución is a departure from the more traditional post-hardcore sound on Thursday's earlier records and instead explores darker and more atmospheric tones.
 The Alignment is the first studio album by Christian alternative-rock band Samestate released on February 28 2012 by Sparrow Records.
 Push Play is the third independent CD release for singer songwriter and actress Sara Niemietz. Produced by Emmy Award winner W. G. Snuffy Walden and Sara Niemietz Push Play is an EP consisting of six original songs.
 Human Jerky is the first EP by deathgrind band Cattle Decapitation. It was released in 1999. It was first released on LP by Satan's Pimp and was later re-released on CD by Three One G.
 Măiastru Sfetnic is a concept album released by Negură Bunget in 2000.
 The Essence of Black Purity is the third release by the black metal band Watain. It was released in 1999 on EP format on Grim Rune Records and was limited to 300 copies.
 OK Computer is the third studio album by the English alternative rock band Radiohead released in 1997 on Parlophone and Capitol Records. OK Computer was the first self-produced Radiohead album with assistance from Nigel Godrich. Radiohead recorded the album in Oxfordshire and Bath between 1996 and early 1997 with most of the recording completed in the historic mansion St. Catherine's Court.
 Live from Faraway Stables is a 2003 live album and concert film by Australian alternative rock band Silverchair. It was recorded at their concert held on 19 April 2003 at Newcastle Civic Theatre in the band's home-town of Newcastle New South Wales Australia and was the second show to be held there during the band's Across the Night world tour of March to June 2003.
 Random 1–8 is the third extended play (EP) by English alternative rock band Muse. The EP was released in Japan only by Avex Trax on 4 October 2000 to promote the band's tour there. The EP consists of 6 B-Sides recorded during the Showbiz era and 2 live tracks. There are also 3 remixes of Sunburn after the last track.
 Live at the Garden is a 1967 live album by James Brown and The Famous Flames. It was recorded on January 14 1967 in the middle of a ten-day engagement at the Latin Casino in Cherry Hill New Jersey - Brown's first at an upscale nightclub. Like most of Brown's live albums overdubbed crowd noise was added to the original recording for its LP release. It included one new song Let Yourself Go which was recorded after hours at the casino; it appeared on the album disguised as a live recording.
 The Love Album is John Hartford's third LP released in 1968. Like all of his RCA recordings it was reissued in 2002 as part of a twofer CD combined with his fourth album Housing Project.
 Bugs in Amber is the second album by the Bristol based jazz rock quartet Get the Blessing released in 2009 (see 2008 in music).The tracks are all instrumental although other versions of The Unnameable and Bugs in Amber (re-titled Moot) have been performed with vocals live and recorded in session for the BBC 6Music Freakzone programme.The album was favourably received by the British broadsheets.
 Instrumentally Yours is a studio album released by Grady Martin in 1965 on Decca LP record DL 74610 (stereo) and DL 4610 (mono). The album was also issued in truncated format on a 7-inch Little LP mini-album for Seeburg jukeboxes. Included is a version of El Paso for which Martin had provided distinctive guitar for Marty Robbins' hit.
 Live at the House of Blues is a live DVD and CD by the Huntington Beach California punk rock band Guttermouth released in 2003 by Kung Fu Records. It was released in 2 packages one a DVD with a bonus concert CD the other a CD with a bonus DVD. Both packages contain the same discs and material merely packaged differently so that it could be stacked on both CD and DVD shelves.
 Live As I'll Ever Be is the title of a recording by American singer/songwriter Chris Smither. It is a live album recorded over the course of several years. The cover was painted by Eric Von Schmidt.
 A Boot and a Shoe is the tenth studio album released by American singer-songwriter Sam Phillips. The album released in April 2004 was produced by Phillips' longtime collaborator T-Bone Burnett.
 Tubthumper is the eighth studio album by the anarchist band Chumbawamba and is the album that catapulted them into the mainstream released by EMI and in the United States by Universal Records. Many of the tracks address specific social issues such as homelessness the Liverpool Dockers' Strike or racism; a fair number of them express the far-left/anarchist critiques of British liberals in New Labour which started in 1994.
 The Scent Of Crash And Burn is an EP by Centrozoon (Markus Reuter and Bernhard Wöstheinrich) featuring No-Man singer Tim Bowness as a guest vocalist; the first in a series of releases by this trio configuration which included both CD and vinyl albums digital-releases as well as a DVD.Selected tracks from The Scent Of Crash And Burn were reworked (either as remixes or edits) for subsequent releases.
 Bi-Polar Blues is the seventh album by guitarist/vocalist Richie Kotzen.
 Sixteen Tons (Ten Songs) is a live album recorded by Eels. It was recorded live on Eels' 2003 Tour of Duty at a KCRW Morning Becomes Eclectic session. The album was self-released on the Eels with Strings tour and sold at their performances; it is no longer available but was for a time exclusively sold on Eels official website.
 Communiqué is the second album by British rock band Dire Straits released on 15 June 1979 by Vertigo Records internationally and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States. The album produced the single Lady Writer which reached the number 45 position on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and number 51 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Rare Precious and Beautiful Volume 1 is the compilation released by the Bee Gees in 1967 on Polydor Records; in Germany the compilation was released on Karussell and Forum Records.All of the songs on this album was originally released on the group's 1966 album Spicks and Specks.
 Arhizo Polemo is an album by Greek singer Katy Garbi. It was released in May 1996 by Sony Music Greece and went three times Platinum in Greece selling over 180000 units in 1996. In 1997 Arhizo Polemo was the second best selling album of the year following Anna Vissi's Travma. It is to date her best selling album and it was the biggest selling album by a female artist of the 1990s. The album became huge in Greece and every single track on the album was a massive hit.
 Deleted Scenes from the Transition Hospital is an album by British cinematic industrial black metal band The Axis of Perdition. It was released on 28 March 2005 on Code666 Records catalogue number CODE027. Its name is a reference to an earlier song from the band Reopening Wounds of the Transition Hospital.
 Mechanical Spin Phenomena is the first album released by Danish industrial metal band Mnemic.
 Discovery! is the debut album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd released on the Columbia label featuring performances by Lloyd with Don Friedman Eddie Khan Roy Haynes Richard Davis and J.C. Moses. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars and states Lloyd's Coltrane-inspired sound was already in place and his flute playing was becoming distinctive. The music is essentially melodic but advanced hard bop a strong start to an important career.
 Epitaph is a composition by jazz musician Charles Mingus. It is over 4000 measures long takes more than two hours to perform and was only completely discovered during the cataloguing process after his death.
 Start (traditional Chinese: 自選集; simplified Chinese: 自选集) is Singaporean Mandopop artist Stefanie Sun's (Chinese: 孫燕姿) first Mandarin and English studio cover album. It was released on 1 February 2002 by Warner Music Taiwan. The album is a collection of 12 of Sun's and her fans' favourite songs.
 A Fight for What Is Right was the third album by Canadian punk rock band Closet Monster released in 1999.
 Live & Loud is a live album recorded by Black Sabbath singer Ozzy Osbourne released on 28 June 1993 (see 1993 in music). At the time it was to be Osbourne's final album.The track Black Sabbath featured the original line-up of Black Sabbath from the Costa Mesa Reunion Shows.In addition there is also a DVD version of this release available (one of the very first DVDs ever released).
 Phantoms is the ninth album by Forrest Fang released on July 28 2009 through Projekt Records.
 Zombie Attack is the first album by the German thrash metal band Tankard. The album was re-released in a set with another Tankard album Chemical Invasion in 2005.
 Super 20 is a greatest hits album by French singer Amanda Lear released in 1989 by Ariola Records.
 Connecticut Casual is the fourth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Apathy. It will be released on June 3 2014.
 First Taste of Sin is the third album by the Oakland California band Cold Blood.
 Rudebox is the seventh studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams released on 23 October 2006 in the United Kingdom.
 Britney Spears: Live and More! is the second video album by American recording artist Britney Spears. It was released on VHS on November 21 2000 and later re-issued on DVD alongside Spears' first home video release Time Out with Britney Spears on February 13 2001. This video tracks Britney Spears on her much-publicized visit to Hawaii for her Crazy 2K Tour. Spears polished and sophisticated beyond her years tours the island with a mix of sightseeing fan appearances and live performances.
 Please Tomorrow is the seventh studio album from the actor Viggo Mortensen and the fifth collaboration with the avant-garde guitarist Buckethead released in 2004. The album tells the story of a single long night's journey into day. It is completely instrumental and written by Mortensen except for the last track of the album which was written by Buckethead.
 Acts of Supremacy is the second full-length studio album by the Italian melodic death metal band Neptune. The album was released on April 11 2008 through Noisehead Records and is distributed by Relapse Records in North America. A video was made for Machinegun Revolution.
 Sea Change is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock artist Beck released on September 24 2002. Recorded over a two-month period at Ocean Way Studios in Los Angeles with producer Nigel Godrich the collection includes themes of heartbreak and desolation solitude and loneliness. Lost Cause and Guess I'm Doing Fine were released as singles.For the record much of Beck's trademark recondite and ironic lyrics were replaced by more sincere simpler lyrical content.
 Petit is an EP by Japanese singer-songwriter Ua released on October 21 1995. Like its lead single Petit also failed to chart on the Oricon charts. The EP was re-issued on September 22 2005.
 Gord's Gold is a compilation album released by Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot in 1975.It was the first Lightfoot compilation to feature music from his Warner Bros. Records. The album was originally released as a two-record album featuring re-recordings of his United Artists hits (tracks 1-10). This served to update his earlier recordings to the same style as his early 70s work and gives the album a level of consistency often lacking in similar compilations.
 Jazz Messengers '70 is a live album by drummer Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers recorded in Tokyo in 1970 and originally released on the Catalyst label.
 The Ray Draper Quintet featuring John Coltrane is the second album by tuba player Ray Draper recorded in 1957 and released on the New Jazz label. Two tracks from this album were later released as part of John Coltrane's The Believer in 1964
 Ornette on Tenor is the eighth album by the American jazz composer and saxophonist Ornette Coleman released in 1962 on Atlantic Records his sixth and final one for the label. It features Coleman playing tenor saxophone rather than his usual alto and bassist Jimmy Garrison before he joined the John Coltrane Quartet. This would be the last record by the Coleman Quartet started in the 1950s; he would disband this group and form the Coleman Trio later in the year.
 Summer Serenades is a 10-track collection of previously recorded songs by Bobby Vinton released in 1979 by Epic Records. It is the third and final in a series of three collections of his music that have an album title referring to a season. It contains five of his singles and five album tracks all randomly picked. The back of the album contains an essay about the summer season and the album itself by Mort Goode and a second essay of biographical information about Vinton and his career.
 Samurai Samba is the third album of the American jazz group Yellowjackets released in 1985. The album reached a peak position of number 179 on the Billboard 200 and number 10 on Billboard's Jazz Albums chart.
 21st Anniversary: Not That Innocent is the ninth studio album by British heavy metal band Girlschool released on Communiqué Records in 2002. The production of the album lasted for a prolonged time and it was finally released when lead guitarist Kelly Johnson and bassist Tracey Lamb had already left the band. They were replaced by guitarist Jackie Chambers and by the original bass player Enid Williams who play in two new songs included in this album.
 Outta Sight/Outta Mind is the second album by New Zealand rock band The Datsuns released on 7 June 2004. It was preceded by the release of the single Blacken My Thumb. This was followed by one more single Girls Best Friend. The album was produced by John Paul Jones best known as the bass guitarist of the rock band Led Zeppelin.
 Shake Some Action is the fifth album by the San Francisco rock band the Flamin' Groovies. It was released in 1976 on Sire. The record reached no. 142 in the Billboard charts.The Seattle band Shake Some Action! was named after this album's title song.
 Blah Blah Blah from 1996 is the first and only full-length studio album by Brooklyn hip-hop group Blahzay Blahzay.
 Downhearted is the third studio album by the Finnish gothic metal band Charon.
 I Told You So is the second studio album by Chino XL released by Metro Records on August 21 2001. The album peaked at #98 on the Billboard R&B Albums chart. Kool G Rap has a guest appearance on the song Let 'Em Live which was released as a single. It was originally slated to be released by Warner Bros. Records and the catalogue number 47710 was assigned to the release but Chino XL was dropped by the label shortly after the previously mentioned single was released.
 The Road to Return is a recording by guitarist Michael Hedges released on the Windham Hill label. It features eight vocal arrangements and two instrumentals.
 Mind Control is the debut album by Jamaican American artist Stephen Marley released on 20 March 2007. The album won a Grammy in 2008 for Best Reggae Album. An acoustic version of the album was released on 23 December 2008.
 Nije tebi do mene (English: You're Not Interested Me) is the eleventh studio album by Serbian singer Dragana Mirković. It was released in 1994.The singer Ksenija Pajčin (1977–2010) is featured as one of the two backup dancers in the music video for the song Opojni su zumbuli one of her first professional jobs before landing her own singing/dancing career.
 Aquí y Ahora is the 4th studio album by Gibraltarian pop rock band Taxi released on May 25 2010.
 Reckless is Christian Contemporary-Rock musician Jeremy Camp's seventh studio album and the producers are Camp and Andy Dodd. The album was released on February 12 2013 which all of his album has been released on BEC Recordings label and this is his eighth album with the label. The first single from the album is entitled Reckless which was released on November 16 2012 and has achieved chart success.
 SETI is the fourth album by industrial metal band The Kovenant and was released in 2003 through Nuclear Blast.
 From Nowhere — The Troggs is a rock and roll album by English band The Troggs released in 1966. It was released with an alternative track listing as Wild Thing in the United States.The original From Nowhere — The Troggs album sleeve photo was taken at Cheddar Caves Somerset UK on 22 May 1966.The album was re-released in 2003 with an altered track list and five bonus tracks by Repertoire Records.
 Natives Are Restless is the third and last studio release by the United States speed metal band Hawaii and the only one to feature guitarist Tom Azevedo formerly of Honolulu HI's Rat Attack. It is also the band's only album to see an official overseas release with France's Axe Killer Records and Germany's Steamhammer/SPV both issuing the record in Europe using individual cover artwork.
 'Westside Story is a soundtrack album for the Taiwanese idol drama TV series Westside Story starring 5566. This album is credited for bringing fame to two Jungiery artists Cyndi Wang and the now-defunct bubblegum pop group R&B.
 Kelmti Horra (Arabic كلمتي حرة My Word is Free) is the debut studio album by Tunisian protest singer Emel Mathlouthi. It was released on January 24 2012. The title track was written by Tunisian singer Amin al-Ghozzi and became an important protest song in the Tunisian and Egyptian revolutions.
 Into the Light is the second album of Lebanese-German singer Fady Maalouf. He was a contestant in 2008 of Deutschland sucht den Superstar the German version of Pop Idol after which he had released his debut album BlessedThe album was released on 12 March 2010 and reached #33 in the German Albums Chart.
 For the 1961 film see All in a Night's Work (film).All in a Night's Work is the ninth studio album by the funk and disco group KC and the Sunshine Band. The album was produced by Harry Wayne Casey and Richard Finch and was released in August 1982 on the Epic label.
 All That I Know is an album by the band Jackson Waters.
 Regifted is the third official extended play by the Christian pop punk band Eleventyseven as well as their first official Christmas music release. It was released digitally via iTunes and Amazon.com on November 7 2012. It was also released in a physical format and is still currently available via Eleventyseven's official online store.
 Live on the Riverboat is a 2002 live acoustic album by Ocean Colour Scene -- or at least one half of OCS (Simon Fowler and Oscar Harrison) since the other half (Steve Cradock and Damon Minchella) were away touring with Paul Weller's backing band. Recorded on the Renfrew Ferry on the south bank of the River Clyde. The Ferry has since moved to the north bank of the river and has been renamed the Anderston Ferry.
 Have a Nice Day Volume 25 (also known as Super Hits of the '70s: Have a Nice Day Volume 25 or Super Hits of the '70s Volume 25) is a compilation album. The final 12-song set in this recap of '70s AM radio's biggest hits appropriately ends things with tunes from its last two years.
 Out Front! is an album by pianist Jaki Byard recorded in 1964 (with one track from the 1961 session that produced Here's Jaki) and released on the Prestige label.
 Helsinki Saturday is a live album by Jandek released in 2009. It is Jandek's 58th release. The album was recorded on Saturday 19 November 2005 at Kulttuuriareena Gloria in Helsinki Finland. This performance featured Jandek on piano accompanied by Iro Haarla on harp and unlike previous performances and album releases is entirely instrumental. The album comprises one hour-long piece entitled Sleeping in the Dawn.
 Exclusive Session is a live EP album by American singer-songwriter Tori Amos. The EP is the artist's first release exclusively through iTunes. Exclusive Session was initially available in May 2005 for UK and Germany iTunes Stores only followed by United States stores in June 2005.
 The Epidemics is an album by Indian violinist L. Shankar & British composer vocalist and keyboardist Caroline. It was released on the ECM label in 1986.
 The Mind Is a Terrible Thing to Taste is the fourth studio album by industrial metal band Ministry released in 1989 through Sire/Warner Bros. Records. The music took a more hardcore aggressively guitar-driven direction.
 Origin of the Storm is the second full-length album by the Melodic metalcore band The Sorrow. It was released on February 27th 2009 through Drakkar Records.
 What Comes Naturally is singer-songwriter Sheena Easton's eleventh studio album released in 1991 on MCA Records. The album includes her final United States Top 40 hit to date What Comes Naturally (US #19 UK #83 Australia #3) which remained on the pop chart for 10 weeks. Other singles released were You Can Swing It and To Anyone both which failed to chart. The album charted in the United States at #90. Easton is the co-writer on three tracks on the album.
 The Tipping Point is the fifth full-length studio album released by American punk band Authority Zero. It was released on April 02 2013 through the Hardline Entertainment a record label owned by Pennywise guitarist Fletcher Dragge. It is the first studio album from the band to feature Brandon Landelius and Sean Sellers on guitar and drums respectively. It is also the final album to feature Jeremey Wood on bass for he left the band a month prior to the album's release.
 Gimme Some Neck is Ronnie Wood's third solo album released in 1979. It was a minor hit and his best performance on the charts to date peaking at #45 on Billboard with 13 weeks on the Top 200. The album artwork features illustrations drawn by Wood himself with his self-portrait in the center of the front side.To tour the United States in support of the album Wood formed The New Barbarians with Keith Richards.
 Blue Skies is the debut album by American Idol runner-up Diana DeGarmo released in December 7 2004 on RCA Records. It debuted at number 52 selling 47000 copies in its first week and currently 168000 copies.[1] Then I Woke Up was covered by Clique Girlz for their self-titled debut album.
 Direct is a 1981 live in-studio album by Tower of Power. It was their only album for the direct-to-disc record label Sheffield Lab. It also marked the return of original guitarist Willie James Fulton not heard from since 1972's Bump City and the last album to feature saxophonist Lenny Pickett. Mark Sanders plays drums on this album. Between this album and their 1987 comeback album Power they would record the sessions that later became the Dinosaur Tracks CD.
 Clouds Rolling By is the third album by the Norwegian rock band BigBang which was released in 2000. It was released on both CD and LP the LP version being limited to 500 copies.The album's producers were Michael Ilbert and Nils B. Kvam.Across the Street LP version is an extended retake of the Across The Street (Demo '99) released in the 2000 Girl in Oslo SP (domestic edition).
 Black Rhythm Revolution! is the debut album by jazz drummer Idris Muhammad recorded for the Prestige label in 1970.
 Red is the debut album recorded by American Idol 3 contestant John Stevens. The album peaked at number five on the Billboard Hot Jazz Albums chart and the song Come Fly with Me reached number 27 on the Hot Singles Sales chart.
 The Artistry of Freddie Hubbard is the fifth album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard and was his first released on the Impulse! label in 1962. It features performances by Hubbard Curtis Fuller John Gilmore Tommy Flanagan Art Davis and Louis Hayes.
 Time Waits For No Man is the first solo album of rapper/emcee Rasco executive produced by Peanut Butter Wolf. It was released July 21 1998 on Stones Throw Records and distributed by Nu Gruv.
 Andy Williams' Greatest Hits Vol. 2 is a compilation album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in June 1973 by Columbia Records. This collection follows in the footsteps of its predecessor Andy Williams' Greatest Hits in that it is not limited to his biggest and most recent hit singles although his final two US Top 40 entries ((Where Do I Begin) Love Story and Speak Softly Love (Love Theme from 'The Godfather')) were included.
 I Am Gemini is the seventh studio album by the American indie band Cursive on Saddle Creek Records and Big Scary Monsters in the UK. It was released on February 21 2012.
 Spheres is the fourth album by the Dutch death metal band Pestilence released in 1993. It was their final album before a 14-year hiatus from 1994 to 2008. On this album the band experimented with a more progressive sound utilizing guitar synthesizers as well as some jazz influences.
 Live and Obscure is a live album released by folk/country singer-songwriter Townes Van Zandt in 1987. It was recorded at 12th and Porter in Nashville Tennessee on April 19 1985.
 The Brains of the Cosmos is a Man or Astro-man? 7 EP released on Demolition Derby Records in 1994 and pressed exclusively on black vinyl only. The cover claims this is the first ever disc entirely recorded in outer space.
 Snowfall on Judgment Day is the fourth studio release of the progressive metal band Redemption. Though the official American release date was October 6 2009 the album was sold almost a month early exclusively at the 10th Annual Prog Power festival in Atlanta Georgia (September 11–12).
 Un Nuevo Amor (A new love) is the sixteenth album from Mexican pop music singer and actress Lucero. It was released in 2002. Is the fifth album recorded by Lucero with mariachi.
 Home Again is the sixth studio album by American R&B group New Edition. Released on September 10 1996 it is the group's only album as a sextet and was their final recording for MCA Records. Highly anticipated and being their first album since Heart Break (1988) the album debuted on the US Billboard 200 at number one becoming the group's first album to open at number one selling 441000 in its first week sales.
 Hit 3 Pack: Forever is the seventh EP by Californian rock band Papa Roach. The EP is only available digitally. It features three of the band's biggest hits.
 Out Louder is an album produced as a collaboration between Medeski Martin & Wood and John Scofield. It is the first album released under the name Medeski Scofield Martin & Wood since 1998's A Go Go was released under Scofield's name alone. A Go Go was John's record and we were essentially sidemen where Out Louder musically comes from all of us explains Wood.
 Spell of Iron is the first album by Finnish metal band Tarot released in 1986 by Flamingo Music. Spell of Iron has been released on CD in 1994 by Bluelight Records and a remastered version was released in 2006 by Spinefarm Records. Album includes the band's most popular song Wings of Darkness. Tarot's website is named after the song.
 Deep Throat is a CD boxed set released by the musical artist Henry Rollins on June 10 1992. It is a compilation of Rollins' first four spoken–word releases.
 Out of the Blue is album by American banjoist Alison Brown released in 1998.
 Tu Inspiración is the eleventh album by Alacranes Musical. It was released on August 26 2008.
 All This Way is the first studio album by Swedish singer and winner of eight series of Swedish Idol Amanda Fondell. The album features the single All This Way. It was released in Sweden on 19 December 2011. The album entered the Swedish Albums Chart at number #6 and reached #1 its second week.
 Munki is the sixth studio album released by The Jesus and Mary Chain. After leaving Blanco y Negro the Reid brothers signed to Sub Pop in the U.S. and Creation who had released their debut single Upside Down in 1984 in the UK. The origin of the album title according to Ben Lurie in an interview with Spin magazine was that they wanted an un-Mary Chain-like title...It doesn't mean anything. It's just a word.
 My Pain and Sadness is More Sad and Painful Than Yours is the first album by Welsh rock band mclusky. It was initially released on Fuzzbox in 2000 and re-released by Too Pure in 2003. Andy Falkous is recorded as saying that the album started out as a collection of demos which were later turned into album form [1].
 Black Is Back! is an album by hip hop producer 9th Wonder (formerly one third of the group Little Brother). It was an unofficial remix of Jay-Z's 2003 The Black Album.
 Rough Trade Sampler 02 International Edition is a compilation released in late 2005 to promote new material from label's artists.
 Live is a live album by the American rock band Alice in Chains. It was released on December 5 2000 on Columbia Records.
 Shooting at the Moon is the second solo album of Kevin Ayers.In early 1970 Ayers assembled a band he called The Whole World to tour his debut LP Joy of a Toy that included a young Mike Oldfield David Bedford Lol Coxhill Mick Fincher the folk singer Bridget St. John and Robert Wyatt.
 Hillbilly Jedi is the fourth studio album by American country music duo Big & Rich released on September 18 2012. It is the duo's first new studio album since Between Raising Hell and Amazing Grace in 2007 and their first commercial release since 2009. The album's lead-off single That's Why I Pray was released on May 21 2012 and was followed by two more singles Party Like Cowboyz and Cheat On You. Hillbilly Jedi received mixed reviews from critics.
 Art of the Duo is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron and saxophonist Jim Pepper recorded in 1988 and released on the German Tutu label.
 Rude Awakening is Prong's fifth album. Rude Awakening is an enhanced CD. It was also released as a special limited edition on 12 red vinyl. The album was reissued in 2008 as a digipack version featuring four remixes of the Rude Awakening single and a new booklet.Victor appears on the Argyle Park album Misguided on the track Doomsayer. The song shares some of the same guitar riffs as the song Controller.
 Krv nije voda is General Woo's third studio and second solo album. This is the first album that General Woo made without Koolade. The album features Edo Maajka Mirza... The albums singles are: Imaš Žvaku Vrati se na Dunav & U mom životu.
 Animal Games was the one and only album recorded by the original line-up of the British punk band London. Recorded throughout 1977 at the IBC Studios in London the album was actually released in February 1978 after the group had disbanded. The album contained all the band's singles - Everyone's A Winner Summer of Love and Animal Games although the mix of Everyone's A Winner is different from the single version. The catalogue number was MCA MCF 2823.
 Back to Earth is an album by Swedish singer Lisa Ekdahl recorded with the Peter Nordahl Trio and released in the United States by RCA Records in 1999. A special edition was also released in 1999 that had 2 bonus tracks.
 Pet the Lion (also referred to as Pet the Lion Ep) is an EP by Canadian indie rock/pop duo Moufette. It was released on February 18 2009 as a digital download through member Steve Durand's official website as well as other outlets such as Amazon.com and iTunes.
 In Love With Oblivion is the second studio album by Brooklyn-based band Crystal Stilts which was released on April 11 2011 in the UK and April 12 in the US. The album is the follow-up to 2010's Shake the Shackles 7-inch and 2008's debut Alight of Night.
 You and Me is the second album by rock group Open Hand. Released on February 7 2005 the album has gained much critical acclaim for successfully splicing several genres of rock forming an original sound. It is also notable for a techno oriented track (Newspeak) which references George Orwell's novel Nineteen Eighty-Four. The album received some additional female backing vocals.
 Live in Japan is a four-disc box set by American saxophonist John Coltrane and his last group featuring the quintet of Coltrane his wife/pianist Alice saxophonist/bass clarinetist Pharoah Sanders bassist Jimmy Garrison and drummer Rashied Ali. The 4-CD set compiles all the music issued as three albums in the seventies; Concert In Japan (US 2-LP electronically processed for compatible quadrophonic/stereo) Coltrane In Japan (Japan 3-LP mono) and Second Night In Tokyo (Japan 3-LP mono).
 The Little Thoughts EP is a compilation EP of previously UK-only Bloc Party releases released on 15 December 2004 in Japan. It combines the UK single Little Thoughts with b-sides from the Helicopter single.
 Let's Make Sure We Kiss Goodbye is the tenth studio album from American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 2000 on MCA Nashville. It features the singles Let's Make Sure We Kiss Goodbye Feels Like Love and Shoot Straight from Your Heart.
 Blood and Thunder is a Mortiis EP. Written and recorded in one day it was released by Primitive Art Records as a limited edition of 500 numbered and signed copies.It came on purple vinyl with a poster.These 2 songs originally appear as Intro/Outro on the album Myst by theGerman band Fermenting Innards. Mortiis wrote them for the band but laterdecided to release them as a stand-alone release.
 Irreplaceable is a studio album by George Benson. The album was released by GRP Records in 2003 it was recorded in contemporary R&B style however it was re-recorded in more smooth jazz style and released in 2004 containing 3 new songs.
 Cromagnetic is an album by Gruvis Malt. It was released independently in 1998
 2012 is the second album by the hip hop duo 1982. the group consists of Statik Selektah and Termanology. the album was released on May 22 2012 under Showoff Records. Guest Appearances by Mac Miller Bun B Shawn Stockman (of Boyz II Men) Roc Marciano Havoc (of Mobb Deep) Freddie Gibbs Crooked I and Lil' Fame (of M.O.P).
 Tiny Cities is the second studio album album by American indie folk act Sun Kil Moon released November 1 2005 on Caldo Verde Records. The album features the same lineup as the band's debut Ghosts of the Great Highway (2003). This album was chosen as one of Amazon.com's Top 100 Editor's Picks of 2005 (see 2005 in music).The full-length album is composed of covers of songs by Modest Mouse released on Kozelek's own label Caldo Verde Records.
 Frankly A Cappella: The Persuasions Sing Zappa is a 2000 album by the singing group The Persuasions. Frank Zappa heard them over the phone while they were singing in a record shop on the East Coast and flew them out to L.A. to record their first LP in 1969 for Zappa's label. This recording serves both as a thanks and a tribute to the late composer.
 New and Old Gospel is an album by American saxophonist Jackie McLean recorded in 1967 and released on the Blue Note label.
 The Very Best Of Alyssa Milano is a compilation album recorded by Alyssa Milano during her pursuit mainly in Japan of a singing career. A more complete collection of Milano's greatest hits and other singles than the previously released The Best In The World remix collection the album was only released as a promotional CD.
 Zerøspace was the second album from the Kidneythieves released on March 26 2002. It includes a slightly reworked version of their 1998 cover of Patsy Cline's Crazy which originally appeared on the Bride of Chucky soundtrack.Beføre I'm Dead is featured in the soundtrack of the 2002 film Queen of the Damned.
 American Wake is the first full-length solo album by Patrick Clifford released in 2010.The title refers to a gathering in an Irish home the night before a family member emigrated to America in which friends and family would say goodbye to the emigrant for what was probably the last time.The album's production marks a significant change from Clifford's work as a member of Four to the Bar.
 Metroland is a soundtrack album by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler released on 23 March 1999 by Vertigo Records internationally and Warner Bros. Records in the United States. The album contains music composed for the 1997 film Metroland directed by Philip Saville.
 Garbage Daze Re-Regurgitated is the fourth album by death metal band Exhumed. It is entirely composed of covers by artists that influenced Exhumed.
 Big House is the debut album by American country music band Big House. It was released on March 25 1997 via MCA Nashville. The album includes the singles Cold Outside You Ain't Lonely Yet and Love Ain't Easy.
 Contrast is the debut studio album by British pop singer Conor Maynard. It was released on 30 July 2012 in the United Kingdom through Parlophone and across Europe between August and October.
 Live In Studio: Acoustic Trio is an acoustic album released by the singer-songwriter Katie Herzig.
 Now Voyager is the debut mini-album by Manchester rock band The Cape Race. It was self-released on 4 July 2011 for free from thecaperace.com/nowvoyager.
 House Essentials is the compilation album compiled and mixed by Anderson Soares released on Trama in 2000.The album featured eleven tracks of which two were released on single. I Love to Love by Jody Watley (in addition also on her album Midnight Lounge which charted at number thirteen on Top Electronic Albums chart) and CeCe Peniston's song My Boo that sampled The Bottle by Gil Scott-Heron (originally number fifteen on the US R&B chart).
 B. Darvill's Wild West Show is the 1999 debut album by Son of Dave. This album was re-released at the end of 2008 by Kartel records.
 You Gotta Go There to Come Back is the fourth studio album by alternative rock band Stereophonics. Produced by Kelly Jones and released on V2 in 2003. It became their third consecutive album to top the UK chart selling 101946 copies in its first week. It was the final Stereophonics album with long-time original drummer the late Stuart Cable.
 Of Ruine or Some Blazing Starre - The Broken Heart of Man is an album by English band Current 93. Although musically one of Current 93's gentlest albums it is also lyrically very dark prominently featuring the motif of blood menstrual and otherwise. David Tibet states in the liner notes that all songs should be regarded as one piece of music; indeed the album is similar to a stream-of-consciousness narrative and several tracks contain similar - and in some cases identical - musical themes.
 Kompakt 100 is a double-disc/4x12 compilation album released on 25 June 2004 to celebrate Kompakt's 100th release. On it the various familiar artists affiliated with the Cologne-based microhouse label (such as Superpitcher Michael Mayer Wolfgang Voigt Jürgen Paape etc.) were asked to remix their favourite Kompakt tracks from the past 100 releases.
 Doug and Bucky is a jazz guitar duet album of standards by Bucky Pizzarelli and Doug Jernigan released June 27 2006.
 Holy Money is the fourth studio album by American post-punk band Swans. It was released in 1986 through record label K.422. The album was recorded in the same sessions as A Screw and Greed.
 Kraken Titan Tribute is the name of a studio album tribute to Colombian group Kraken It was released on 2 April 2004 by Ethnicity Records.
 The Promise is a compilation album by the American rock singer Bruce Springsteen released November 16 2010 on Columbia Records. It is a double CD compilation of previously unreleased songs drawing from the Darkness on the Edge of Town sessions. The album is also available as part of the box set The Promise: The Darkness on the Edge of Town Story. The two-CD version of the release entered the UK Albums Chart at number 7.
 Love & Peace (also released as Reunited) is a 1982 album by the Elvin Jones-McCoy Tyner Quintet released on the Japanese Trio label. It was recorded in April 1982 and features performances by Jones and Tyner with Pharoah Sanders Jean-Paul Bourelly and Richard Davis.
 Boogie Woogie Christmas is a 2002 Christmas album recorded by the Brian Setzer Orchestra.
 Costello Music is the debut album by Scottish rock band The Fratellis. It was released on 30 October 2006 on Fallout Records and was a success peaking at #2 in the UK Albums Chart and spent 83 weeks in the Top 100. It debuted behind FutureSex/LoveSounds by Justin Timberlake and stayed in the #2 position for two more weeks this time behind Ta-Dah by Scissor Sisters. The album had five single releases as well as the download-only EP Flathead.
 EARTH WIND & FIRE: LIVE is a DVD released by the band Earth Wind & Fire in 2001 on Image Entertainment and Polygram Video. The recording was made during the band's 1994 concert in Japan. The DVD has been certified gold in the US by the RIAA.
 Too Good To Be True is an album by The Everly Brothers released in 2005.Consisting entirely of self-written demonstration recordings recorded between their formative years of 1957 and 1960 (except for the last track It's All Over a solo vocal performance from brother Don in 1976) Too Good To Be True is a bringing together of almost entirely completely unreleased recordings (Give Me A Future had already been released in its complete form on the 1992 collection Classic Everly Brothers) the album was the result of a collaboration between Cary Mansfield and Andrew Sandoval with additional research from Peggy Lamb.Having originally recorded four songs in November 1955 for Columbia including a third-take false-started version of the first song they recorded together The Sun Keeps Shining a cowrite between Don Everly and Jerry Organ (the flip-side of a 45 released in February 1956 on the back of their second-ever recorded song Keep A'Lovin' Me) all of the songs which appear on this album are original recordings. 
 T is the third Japanese studio album (sixth overall) by South Korean pop group Tohoshinki released on January 22 2008 by Rhythm Zone. It at #4 on the Oricon weekly charts. The album's biggest competition in sales was with Zard's Zard Request Best: Beautiful Memory the last album after its lead vocalist Izumi Sakai's death in 2007. According to the members the T stands for several things such as Tohoshinki Title Third album Top and Try.
 The Art of Romance is an album by Tony Bennett released in 2004.It later won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album.On it Bennett became a songwriter for the first time in his long career by penning the lyrics for the song All for You.
 Forever with You is the tenth studio album by American Soul singer-songwriter Phyllis Hyman. It was released by Volcano Records in 1998. the album was released three years after Phyllis' death and contains twelve previously unreleased tunes that were recorded between 1985 and 1995 during her time on the Philadelphia International label. The album charted on the Billboard R&B Album Chart at #66 in 1998.
 Out of This World is an album by jazz group The Three Sounds featuring performances recorded in 1962 and released on the Blue Note label.
 The Burning Red is the third album by American heavy metal band Machine Head. It is the band's second best selling album in the United States selling as many copies in three years as Burn My Eyes sold in almost eight years (1994–2002).The album has sold over 134000 copies in the United States and it was certified Silver in 2011 by the BPI for sales of 60000 in the UK.
 Vs. is the second studio album by the American rock band Pearl Jam released on October 19 1993 through Epic Records. After a relentless touring schedule in support of their 1991 debut album Ten Pearl Jam headed into the studio in early 1993 facing the challenge of following up the commercial success of its debut. The resulting album Vs. featured a rawer and more aggressive sound compared with the band's previous release.
 Shine is a 2003 (see 2003 in music) album by songwriter and record producer Daniel Lanois. It was his first solo release in ten years.
 End of All Days is the 11th studio album by the German heavy metal band Rage.
 Where Your Road Leads is the eighth studio album by country music singer Trisha Yearwood. It was released in 1998 by MCA Nashville.The album reached #3 on the Billboard country albums chart. The singles There Goes My Baby Where Your Road Leads Powerful Thing and I'll Still Love You More were all released from this album peaking at #2 #18 #6 and #10 respectively on the Billboard country music charts between 1998 and 1999.
 A Poliglota da Canção is an album from Caterina Valente released in Brazil.
 Home is the first major-label album from Angela Aki. The album includes the songs from the singles released over the monthly period. In addition to the normal version of the album a limited edition was also released. A special song entitled Rain from her previous mini album One is also featured. The album has charted at #2 on the Oricon Charts selling well over 121000 copies in its first week.
 Mount Rockmore is the sixth and latest release by The Bags.
 Time's Incinerator is the second album to be released by Soul Asylum in 1986. It is a rare cassette-only release which contains b-sides outtakes and demos from the Soul Asylum and the former Loud Fast Rules days.The album name comes from Soul Asylum's song Can't Go Back from the album Made To Be Broken where the lyrics are fifteen years later caught in time's incinerator...
 At the Ryman is a 1992 live album by Emmylou Harris and her then-newly formed acoustic backing band The Nash Ramblers recorded at the Ryman Auditorium most famously known as the one-time home of the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville Tennessee.The Nash Ramblers: Sam Bush – Fiddle mandolin and vocals Roy Huskey Jr.
 The 30th Song is the first studio album by American hip hop producer Mr. Dibbs. It was released on Rhymesayers Entertainment in 2003.
 Traveler And Other Favorites is an album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen recorded in 1968.
 The Essential Alison Moyet was essentially a third re-release of Singles the 1995 greatest hits album of recordings by singer/songwriter Alison Moyet.
 Vibrations is a Roy Ayers album released under the Roy Ayers Ubiquity umbrella. It was released in 1976 on Polydor Records.
 Somnambulista is the second album by Brazzaville.
 Transform is the second extended play by the South Korean boy band Teen Top. It was released in January 11 2011 with the song Supa Luv as the title track. A remix version of the song was released in February 18 2011.
 Steal their Gold was the second EP released by psychedelic Australian group Wolf & Cub. The 3rd track on CD2 entitled Intro later became Kingdom on their debut album Vessels.
 You Make Me Feel is the debut album of Canadian electronic musician Milosh. It was released on May 18 2004 by Plug Research.
 Blondes is the debut full-length album by American electronic duo Blondes released on February 7 2012 by RVNG Intl. Critical reception was generally favorable most notably that of Sean Adams founder of Drowned in Sound who lauded the album in a 10/10 review.
 Et ole yksin is a 2013 studio album by Finnish singer-songwriter J. Karjalainen. It was released on 15 March 2013. The other musicians working with Karjalainen on the album are Janne Haavisto Mikko Lankinen Pekka Gröhn and Tom Nyman.
 Lost @ Sea is an album by New Zealand Christian Rock band The Lads. Released in 1998 it was the first Lads album to go international and was released in New Zealand Australia and the United States.
 No Piercing No Tattoo is the seventh album of Finnish hard rock band Peer Günt released in 2005
 Laser Love is the second album released by UK band After the Fire. Released in 1979 the album showcased more of a new wave approach including much shorter songs than had been featured on the band's more progressive rock-oriented debut album Signs of Change. The band's biggest hit in the UK One Rule For You is featured on this album.
 Audentity is the fifteenth album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 1983 and in 2005 was the eleventh Schulze album reissued by Revisited Records. The reissue of Audentity is one of two examples of a Klaus Schulze reissue that changes the original order of the tracks (the other being Das Wagner Desaster Live).
 Los Vaqueros (English: The Cowboys) is a collaboration album by Wisin & Yandel featuring the artists from their record label WY Records.
 Folk Blues and Beyond is the second studio album by British musician Davey Graham originally released in 1965.It has been considered Graham's most groundbreaking and consistent work and a defining record of the 20th century. It has also been a primary influence on some of the most popular musicians in Britain ranging from Bert Jansch to Jimmy Page and Eric Clapton. His first album The Guitar Player was almost exclusively jazz based.
 Prepare For Impact is the second studio album by Tom Green. It was released through Vik Recordings. It was produced by Mike Simpson of the Dust Brothers.The Keepin' It Real Crew (Tom Green Playboy Jeremy Klein MC Shawn Anthony and Mike Simpson a.k.a. DJ EZ Mike) promoted this album release in June 2005 on the My Bum Is On Your Lips tour in Ontario Canada.
 Every Time I Breathe is the fourth album by the Mobile Alabama based CCM/Christian rock band Big Daddy Weave. It was released on September 26 2006. This album charted on the following Billboard's charts on October 14 2006: No. 18 on Christian Albums and No. 10 on Top Heatseekers.
 The Abysmal Richness of the Infinite Proximity of the Same is an album by keyboardist Anthony Coleman's Selfhaters which was released on the Tzadik label in 1998.
 Lost A Lot Of Blood is the second EP by Australian alternative rock band Horsell Common. The EP has a more melodic style than the band's previous EP A Who's Who Road Of Living. However it was heavier than the band's later releases.
 The Individualist is a 1995 album by Todd Rundgren under the pseudonym TR-i. The second of Todd's TR-I projects following 1993's No World Order the album saw Todd play all instruments during the recording sessions whilst the songs featured his usual acerbic observations wit and songwriting flair.
 Get a Load of This is the debut studio album by American alternative rock band Slunt released on March 29 2005.
 Expansion Team is the second album from West Coast hip hop group Dilated Peoples. The release is widely considered the group's best album led by the hit rap single Worst Comes to Worst sampled from William Bell's I Forgot to Be Your Lover. Expansion Team features production from Dilated members Evidence and Babu as well as popular underground rap producers DJ Premier The Alchemist Da Beatminerz Questlove of The Roots and Juju of The Beatnuts.
 The 40th Anniversary Henry Cow Box Set is a nine-CD plus one-DVD limited edition box set by English avant-rock group Henry Cow and was released by RēR Megacorp in January 2009. It consists of over 10 hours of previously unreleased recordings made between 1972 and 1978 from concerts radio broadcasts one-off projects events and the studio.
 Magic Forest: The Anthology is a compilation album by English folk rock band Fat Mattress released on 13 June 2006 by Sanctuary Records and Castle Communications. The album is named after Magic Forest a song from the band's self-titled debut album released as a single in 1969.
 If You See Him is the twenty-fourth album released in 1998 by American country music artist Reba McEntire. The lead single was If You See Him/If You See Her a duet with Brooks & Dunn which was concurrently released on Brooks & Dunn's corresponding album If You See Her; the song reached Number One on the Hot Country Songs charts in 1998. Forever Love Wrong Night and One Honest Heart were all released from this album as well all of which reached Top 10 as well.
 Silver is the debut studio album album from Canadian alternative rock band Moist released in 1994. It included the hit singles Push Silver and Believe Me.Push the band's first single was supported by a music video that rapidly climbed the MuchMusic charts.
 The Pilgrim is a live album by the composer Shaun Davey. It was recorded at Festival Interceltique de Lorient Glasgow Royal Concert Hall.
 This article is about the 1978 album Quiet Riot. For the 1988 album Quiet Riot see Quiet Riot (1988 album).Quiet Riot is the debut studio album by the band of the same name released in 1978. It features guitarist Randy Rhoads and was released only in Japan.The song Back to the Coast was originally written by Rhoads and his brother Kelle when they were teenagers. It was originally called West Coast Tryouts.
 The V-Disc Recordings is a compilation album by Jo Stafford released in 1998.The V-Disc program began in June 1941 and continued until May 1949. It was a way for United States service people stationed overseas to have access to the music that was currently popular at home. Musicians and recording artists made these special recordings strictly for those serving overseas and they were made and distributed by the Armed Forces Radio.
 Now! Music (Volume IV) is the ninth solo album by jazz pianist Mike Garson and was released in 2003.
 Piano in the Background is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded and released on the Columbia label in 1960.
 New Recording is a solo album from Scottish rock musician Ricky Ross and member of Deacon Blue. It was produced by Ross and former Love and Money keyboardist Paul McGeechan.After Ross' previous album's focus on hard edged electric guitar New Recording pulled the plug.
 Different Drum is the first compilation album by Linda Ronstadt to be released by Capitol. One-half of the tracks (those shown as having been recorded in the 1960s) are taken from the second and third albums by the Stone Poneys; while the other half are from her first three solo albums.
 Cry is a studio album by country music legend Lynn Anderson released in 1972.This album was based on Lynn Anderson's hit from early 1972 Cry which hit No. 3 on the Billboard Country charts and No. 1 on the Cashbox Country charts. In addition the song also reached No. 71 on the Pop charts and No. 16 on the Adult Contemporary charts that year. This album shows Anderson's new direction into placing her voice into more Pop-oriented songs including Cry (originally a No.
 Of Winter Born is the debut album from Ignominious Incarceration a British death metal band signed to Earache Records. The album was released on March 9 2009 and was produced mixed and mastered by Scott Atkins at Grindstone Studios in September 2008.
 The Ernest Tubb Story is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb released in 1959 (see 1959 in music). It was originally released as a double-LP album.The album consists of all previously released material that was re-recorded in stereo. It is out of print but most of the songs are available on various Tubb compilations and are taken from these versions.
 Horrified is the only full-length album released by the American grindcore band Repulsion. Although the album was originally recorded in 1986 it remained unreleased until three years later. It was originally released on Necrosis Records a sublabel of Earache Records.
 MOrphogenesis is an EP by industrial black metal band ...And Oceans. It is a compilation including Mare Liberum (Demo) and a live gig from Transvestite Tour in 2000.
 The Holiday Sessions is an EP by American rock band Paramore. The 7 vinyl is limited edition with only 700 copies made 300 of which released during the Record Store Day 2013 in Nashville Tennessee on April 20.The 7 vinyl has the shape of a pink hibiscus flower.
 This Ain't Over – Best of the Avalon Years is a compilation album by the Canadian hard rock band Harem Scarem released in Japan in 2009. It features popular songs from the band's studio albums from Weight of the World released in 2002 to Hope the last studio album released by the band in 2008.
 The Sylvers is the debut album by the Los Angeles California-based R&B group The Sylvers.
 Out Of This World released in 1983 on the Polydor label is the fourth album by Shakatak.
 Together in Concert: Live is a 2000 live album by Tim Finn Bic Runga and Dave Dobbyn during their Together in Concert tour. It was recorded in the months of August and September 2000 in venues around New Zealand. Both the concert and album feature all three performers providing vocal and instrumental backing on each other's songs.RIANZ ranked Together in Concert: Live as 45th in the New Zealand Top 50 Albums of 2001.
 Carnival is a dance music EP by Duran Duran originally released in various markets around the world in September 1982 by EMI.
 People Are Strange is an album by Swedish singer-songwriter Stina Nordenstam. A collection of covers the album was released in 1998.The album includes two Leonard Cohen songs and two songs recorded by Rod Stewart (Sailing and Reason to Believe).
 Christmas is a 2004 album by Chris Isaak released on Warner Bros. Records.
 All the Best is a greatest hits album by Tina Turner released in November 2004. In the U.S. it was released in February 2005 followed by an abridged single disc version titled All the Best: The Hits in October 2005.
 The New World Order EP is an EP by Alec Empire released in July 2001 only in Japan from his album Intelligence and Sacrifice. It was released shortly before the Japanese release of the album. The EP contains among others two tracks from the Shards of Pol-Pottery EP by Alec Empire and El-P.
 Eddie is the soundtrack to the 1996 film Eddie. It was released on May 21 1996 through Polygram Records and consisted of contemporary R&B and hip hop. The album peaked at 119 on the Billboard 200 and 44 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Two singles made it to the charts Say It Again which was a minor hit on the R&B charts and both the successful hits Tell Me and It's All the Way Live (Now).
 Them or Us is an album by Frank Zappa released in October 1984.
 The New Zapp IV U a.k.a. Zapp IV is the fourth studio album by Ohio P-Funk band Zapp. The song Computer Love was the albums biggest hit reaching #8 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song Radio People was featured in the movie Ferris Bueller's Day Off.A music video was produced for the single It Doesn't Really Matter. There is also a remixed 5:33 Long Version of It Doesn't Really Matter released on a vinyl 12 single record.
 Mahalo From Elvis is a compilation album by Elvis Presley released posthumously in 1978. Side one consists of five previously unissued tracks Presley recorded in Honolulu on January 14 1973 for inclusion in the U.S.-version of the live concert TV special Aloha from Hawaii (these tracks were in fact recorded after the audience left the building when the concert had finished therefore they are not considered as live recordings).
 Live at the Palace is a live album recorded at The Palace in Hollywood on October 11 1995 by the band Blind Melon. It is the fourth posthumous album featuring vocals from former Blind Melon frontman Shannon Hoon recorded ten days before Hoon's passing.
 Thunder in the East is Japanese heavy metal band Loudness' fifth studio album and the first released by a major American label after the contract signed with Atco Records a subsidiary of Warner Music Group. All the songs are in English. It is the first Loudness album produced by Max Norman who also produced the album Lightning Strikes in 1986 and the album Soldier of Fortune in 1989.
 Zombies on the Airwaves of Paris is the first release by the Australian band Snowman. It was released in September 2004 through Shock.
 Wings of Heaven is the seventh studio album by the British melodic rock band Magnum released in 1988.The original choice of producers for Wings of Heaven was Roger Taylor and Dave Richards who had produced Vigilante. This was not realised because of conflicting schedules. Albert Boekholt was suggested at Wisseloord Studios the Netherlands. The album was mixed at Sarm West Studios in London in January 1988.
 Sam Cooke at the Copa is the first live album by American singer-songwriter Sam Cooke. The album was released in October 1964 in the United States by RCA Victor.
 Oktember is the second EP by Wolfgang Voigt's Gas project. It was released in 1999 on the Mille Plateaux label. Unlike Gas albums the two tracks have titles of sorts.
 No Apologies is an album by The Eyeliners released on 5 April 2005 by Blackheart Records. It includes a covers of When in Rome's 1988 song The Promise and Eddie and the Hot Rods' 1977 song Do Anything You Wanna Do.
 Gokutama Rock Cafe (極魂Rock Cafe) is the third studio album released by An Cafe on March 14 2008 in Europe and April 9 2008 in Japan. The European release of the album also featured three bonus tracks which were previously only available as B-Sides on their last three singles all of which were also taken from this album.
 Massive Conspiracy Against All Life is the third full-length album by San Francisco-based one-man black metal band Leviathan.There was much controversy over the release of this album which was originally slated for a summer release in 2007. Supposedly Wrest tried to release the album under the Lurker of Chalice moniker via Blake Judd's Battle Kommand Records. But Moribund's lawyer's issued a cease and desist order.
 Abyss is the fourth album by British heavy metal band Lionsheart released by Metaledge Records on 24 June 2004.
 Songs for the Gentle Man is a 1971 folk rock album by singer-songwriter Bridget St John. A follow up to her highly successful debut album Songs for the Gentle Man propelled her to cult status in the United Kingdom. The album was produced by Ron Geesin who had worked with Pink Floyd.
 El Impulso is the fourth studio album by Uruguayan rock/ska band La Vela Puerca. It was released in April 2007. The album was recorded and mixed by Julio Berta in the period November/December 2006. The recording took place in three different studios: Panda Studios in Buenos Aires Argentina IFU in Montevideo Uruguay and Casa Blanca in Atlántida Uruguay. However the mixing occurred during February 2007. El Impulso was mastered in Los Angeles California USA by Tom Baker.
 A Very Brutal Christmas is a holiday EP by Austrian Death Machine a project of As I Lay Dying's vocalist Tim Lambesis. Like their previous release Total Brutal all the songs feature a parody impersonation of actor bodybuilder/fitness fanatic & former California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger
 Gdje ste noćas prijatelji stari is an album by a Herzegovinian singer Mate Bulić.
 Best of the Geto Boys is a compilation album by the rap group Geto Boys released in 2008.
 Dimensionaut is the debut album by British-based band Sound of Contact and was released worldwide May 2013. The album is a collaborative effort between Simon Collins and Dave Kerzner founding members of the band. Not Coming Down is the album's first released single.The album was produced by Collins and Kerzner and mixed by Nick Davis.
 Songs from the Ocean Floor was the third solo album by American rock artist Kip Winger. The album was released in 2000. According to Kip the lead track Cross is an extremely personal song and he opens every solo show with it.
 Instrumental Directions is the third album by the Louisville Kentucky group The Nite-Liters the instrumental ensemble offshoot of New Birth. Released in 1972 on RCA Records. Produced by mentor Harvey Fuqua.
 Cosmic Messenger is an album by French jazz fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty released in 1978.
 Blues & Roots is an album by Charles Mingus recorded in 1959 and released in 1960. It has been reissued twice as a CD first by Atlantic Records and then again by Rhino Entertainment in 1998.Mingus explained the birth of this record in the album's liner notes:This record is unusual—it presents only one part of my musical world the blues.
 The Return of the Black Death is the second recorded and first released studio album by the Norwegian unblack metal band Antestor released in 1998. It is the band's only release on the British Cacophonous Records label. This album's working title was Kongsblod. Antestor recorded another album Martyrium prior to The Return of the Black Death in 1994 and while bootleg versions of the recording circulated this album did not see official release until 2000.
 Psy 6 (Six Rules) Part 1 (싸이6甲 Part 1) is an EP of Korean pop rapper Psy and is the first part of a double EP. It was released on July 15 2012 the same day Gangnam Style was released as the lead single. Part 2 has been announced to be released in March 2013. The EP has sold 106594 copies in South Korea. Part 2 will include his single Korea and all of the songs from his remix and live albums.
 Discipline Manifesto is the fourth full length studio album and seventh album overall by the black metal band Naer Mataron. It was released in 2005 on Black Lotus Records.
 The Hits Live On Broadway is the first live album released by American country music recording artist Phil Vassar. It was released through independent record label Rodeowave Entertainment on November 22 2011 alongside Vassar's first holiday-themed album Noel. It was released digitally and on CD though the latter is only available online through Vassar's website.
 Chet Atkins at Home is the title of a recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins. It contains his clever arrangement of Yankee Doodle played at the same time as Dixie.Atkins is pictured on the cover in his home studio in Nashville.
 Rappin' Down Town is the third album from New York City-based rap/hip hop group The Sugarhill Gang. Released in 1983 this album includes the minor R&B hits The Lover in You and The Word is Out.The latter three tracks on the album would also appear on the band's next album Livin' in the Fast Lane the following year with Kick it Live becoming a moderate hit.
 Pure Jerry: Keystone Berkeley September 1 1974 is a three-CD live album by the Jerry Garcia and Merl Saunders Band. It contains the complete concert performed at the Keystone in Berkeley California on September 1 1974.
 Grace for Drowning is the second solo studio album by Steven Wilson producer songwriter and frontman of Porcupine Tree. It was released by Kscope Music Records on 26 September 2011. The album received a nomination in 54th Grammy Awards for Best Surround Sound Album.
 Futuristic Dragon is the eleventh studio album and a UK-only release by T. Rex released in 1976. Preceded by two UK Top 40 hits New York City (#15) and Dreamy Lady (#30) Futuristic Dragon was released in January reaching #50. It was T. Rex's first album to register in the charts since Zinc Alloy and the Hidden Riders of Tomorrow in 1974.
 ...Make You Breathe is the debut album by the Swedish rock band Takida. It was recorded at Sidelake Studios in Sundsvall Sweden.
 The Day The Night The Dawn The Dusk is a Qawwali album by Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan.
 Makeshift Patriot is an EP by Sage Francis. The title track was originally released as a free MP3 on the day it was written and recorded October 11 2001. The track is a comment on the American media and its response to the September 11 2001 attacks. The lyrics are written from first hand experience worked into the track are recordings from Francis' visit to Ground Zero five days after the attack. The song can also be found on the Known UnSoldier Sick Of Waging War... CD.
 Behind The Player: Mike Inez is an Interactive Music Video featuring Alice in Chains bassist Mike Inez. Released on November 1 2008 by IMV the DVD features Mike giving in-depth bass lessons for how to play Again and A Little Bitter by Alice in Chains and an intimate behind-the scenes look at his life as a professional musician including rare photos and video.
 In Darkness Let Me Dwell is the third album of the Austrian darkwave/dark ambient band Die Verbannten Kinder Evas.
 Studio album of Shadow Host released in 2005 by CD-Maximum.
 Quién como tú (English Who like you) is the 5th studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel. It was released on 1989. This material was nominated to the Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album in 1991 but lost to José Feliciano's ¿Por Qué Te Tengo Que Olvidar? (Why do I have to forget you?). The album was awarded Pop Album of the Year at the 1991 Lo Nuestro awards. This album reached #1 in the Billboard Latin Pop Albums staying in the chart for 48 weeks. It sold 35 million worldwide.
 Like a Prayer is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna released on March 21 1989 by Sire Records three years after her previous studio album. Madonna worked with Stephen Bray Patrick Leonard and fellow icon Prince on the album while co-writing and co-producing all the songs. As Madonna's most introspective release at the time Like a Prayer has been described as a confessional record.
 Half Thang is the second album by Oakland California rapper Richie Rich.
 The Henry Cow Legend (often referred to as Legend or Leg End ) is the debut album of British avant-rock group Henry Cow. It was recorded at Virgin Records's Manor studios over three weeks in May and June 1973 mixed in July 1973 and released in August 1973.The album cover art work was by artist Ray Smith and was the first of three paint socks to adorn Henry Cow's albums.
 Nothing Left to Lose is an album released by Gary U.S. Bonds on the Global Village Market label in 1996. The album was produced by Yank Barry as part of Barry's international Global Village Market initiative. The track Young Blood features a duet with Ben E. King. The track 1950's Kind of Mood appeared again on Bonds's live album From the Front Row... Live! in 2003.
 Shock waves is the first solo studio album by the American singer Leather Leone better known for being the front woman of the American heavy metal band Chastain from 1984 to 1991. The album was released in 1989 through David T. Chastain's own label Leviathan Records.
 No Frontiers is an album by Irish singer Mary Black. The album was one of Ireland's best selling albums of 1989 and introduced her to audiences elsewhere in Europe and in the United States and Japan.
 Handle With Care European Tour '89 is a live video released by Nuclear Assault in 1989. The video is a recording of a concert at the Hammersmith Odeon London 4.10.1989.
 Walkin' is an album recorded on 3 April and 29 April 1954 by a group led by Miles Davis for Prestige Records. Credited to the Miles Davis All-Stars the first session was a quintet with David Schildkraut on alto saxophone. Schildkraut is the only musician not credited on the cover and is otherwise almost unknown. The second session was a sextet with J. J. Johnson on trombone and Lucky Thompson on tenor saxophone the rhythm section was the same for both sessions.
 Spoiled Girl is the 12th studio album by the American singer-songwriter Carly Simon released in 1985. Recorded with a variety of producers in New York this was Simon's only album for Epic Records. It was commercially unsuccessful when originally released peaking at #88 on the U.S. Billboard 200 album chart but has gone on to become a cult favorite within Simon's back catalogue. The single Tired Of Being Blonde also made the U.S. Billboard Hot 100.
 Inside Wants Out is the debut extended play (EP) and very first overall release by American blues rock musician John Mayer. Released by Mayer Music on September 24 1999 the album was later re-released by Columbia Records on August 2 2002 with the omission of Neon 12:47 AM. The songs Back to You No Such Thing My Stupid Mouth and Neon were later re-recorded for Mayer's 2001 full-length debut album Room for Squares.
 As Tall as Lions is the second full-length album from As Tall as Lions. It was released on August 8 2006 on Triple Crown Records.
 The Piece Maker 2 is the second studio album by Tony Touch released on February 24 2004 through Koch Records.
 Friends is a Gold-plus album recorded by Dionne Warwick her seventh for the Arista label. It was recorded during the fall of 1985 and was released that December. The LP was originally issued as number AL 8-8398 in the Arista Catalog. It stands as one of Warwick's most successful albums.
 V for Vendetta: Music From The Motion Picture is the soundtrack from the 2006 film V for Vendetta released by Astralwerks Records on March 21 2006. The soundtrack features artists such as Julie London Cat Power and Antony and the Johnsons but the majority of the work is by composer Dario Marianelli.
 Lost & Found is Melissa Tkautz's second album released in 2005.
 Consciousness is an album by guitarist Pat Martino which was recorded in 1974 and first released on the Muse label.
 Oprem Dobro is the ninth studio album by Montenegrin-Serbian musician Rambo Amadeus. It was released in 2005.The meaning of the title is: Using a strongpoint (to pound it in you).
 Irony Is a Dead Scene is the third EP by American mathcore band The Dillinger Escape Plan. It was recorded with Mike Patton and released on August 27 2002.
 Just Roll Tape: April 26 1968 is a Stephen Stills demo album released in 2007. In the sleeve notes to the CD Stephen Stills recalls that he was present at a Judy Collins session in New York in 1968 and when she finished with studio time remaining Stills paid the engineer privately to let him record song demos.
 Ten Days in the Madhouse is an album by Denise Ho released on December 12 2008. It focuses on a kinder perspective of society's outcasts which includes recovering mental patients. Every song title in this album have a running theme of 4-character taken from famous names of real celebrities and fictitious characters. The album was released in conjunction with Ho's documentary DVD titled The Decameron (十日談).
 Witchi-Tai-To is an album by the Jan Garbarek-Bobo Stenson Quartet released on the ECM label and performed by Garbarek Stenson Palle Danielsson and Jon Christensen.
 BombShellShocked is the fourth album (third full-length album) from the Eric Stuart Band (ESB) in which Eric Stuart is the songwriter and lead singer. This album was released in 2002 under the Rev Up Records label (unlike other ESB albums which are under Stuart's own independent label Widow's Peak Records).
 Dare to Dream is the third studio album by American country music singer Billy Gilman. It was released in 2001 (see 2001 in country music) on Epic Records Nashville. Although its singles Elisabeth and She's My Girl both fell short of Top 40 on the Billboard country singles charts the album was certified gold by the RIAA.
 Hooray for Tuesday is the debut album by Denver-based Elephant 6 band The Minders.
 Praetorians is the fifth full length studio album and eighth album overall released by the black metal band Naer Mataron. It was released on the Season of Mist label in 2008 the first album by Naer Mataron on this label.
 Joy Ride is Contemporary Christian artist Bryan Duncan's 13th album. I'd Like to Thank You Jesus (For One Thing) Maybe I'm Amazed It Gets Better Holiday 'N Heaven Everything In the Garden I'll Always Have Jesus Clap Your Hands If You Pray for Me Where There's Love The Battle Is the Lord's
 For the hip hop group see The Cool Kids.Cool Kids is the second studio album by the glam metal band Kix. It was released in 1983 on Atlantic Records.
 More Music for Films or Music for Films Volume 2 is an album by Brian Eno Daniel Lanois and Roger Eno. The album is a sequel to Eno's 1978 album; Music for Films.On the back cover Eno states I released the first volume of 'Music for Films' in 1978 and it contained samples of my work spanning the period of 1975-78. This second volume picks up where the first left off but is somewhat different in that it contains fewer pieces with greater average length.
 Mehr davon! Die Single-Box 1995–2000 (More of it!) is a single box by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen. It contains some of the more important singles from 1995–2000 released in different variations with different singles. The 2005 release Mehr davon! Die Single-Box partly crosses over with this release and also has different variations.
 Live at the Montreal Jazz Festival is the second DVD by Canadian jazz pianist and vocalist Diana Krall released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).
 Call My Name is the seventh studio album by American Blues artist Etta James. The album was released on Cadet Records in 1967 and was produced by Leonard Chess. Call My Name was the second of a series of albums James would release that mainly consisted on Soul music. It included one song that charted on Rhythm and Blues chart I Prefer You that reached #42.
 The Other Side of the Law is the debut album by rap group Facemob. It was released on August 7 1996 through Rap-a-Lot Records and was primarily produced by Scarface and Mike Dean. The Other Side of the Law peaked at 51 on the Billboard 200 and 6 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.The album was recorded at The Hippie House and The EnterpriseBoth a single and a promotional music video were released from The Other Side of the Law but it did not make it to any Billboard charts.
 Back is the name of a studio album by country music singer Lynn Anderson released in 1983.This album was Anderson's first in three years. She had since been in brief retirement to start a family with her second husband (now ex-husband) Harold Spook Stream and raise her other children. Thus Anderson left her old record company (Columbia) in 1980. In 1983 Anderson decided to record again and release a comeback album as the title Back implied.
 Live Phish Vol.
 Private Revolution is the 1986 debut album by the British rock band World Party. At this point singer-songwriter/multi-instrumentalist Karl Wallinger was the only member of World Party and the only person pictured on the cover. Wallinger is assisted on this album by several session musicians including Anthony Thistlethwaite Steve Wickham and Sinéad O'Connor.
 Furthermore: From the Studio From the Stage is the fifth album of Christian band Jars of Clay. It was released in 2003 by Essential Records. The album consists of two discs one containing a live performance and the other featuring re-recorded versions of songs from previous albums and three songs not previously on Jars of Clay albums.
 Hydro Phonic is the sixth release by the trip-hop/rap rock band Phunk Junkeez released on September 18 2007 on Dmaft Records.
 Performance (Quartet) 1979 is a live album by American composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded in Switzerland in 1979 and released on the hatART label. The album has also been issued as Performance 9/1/79 and Performance for Quartet.
 Elk is the second album by Inga Liljeström. It was released in 2005 – 7 years after her first album Urchin.
 A Rainbow in Curved Air is the third album by experimental music and classical minimalism pioneer Terry Riley. Through the use of overdubbing the composer a keyboard virtuoso plays all the instruments on the title track: electric organ electric harpsichord (Rock-Si-Chord) dumbec (or goblet drum) and tambourine.
 For the 1938 film see Barefoot Boy (film)Barefoot Boy is Larry Coryell's first and only album for the Flying Dutchman label a company created by Impulse! Records founder Bob Thiele. The album was produced by Thiele with production assistance from Lillian Seyfert and engineered by Eddie Kramer. Barefoot Boy was recorded at Electric Ladyland in New York according to the album's liner note with a certain level of spontaneity.
 'Be Careful' is the debut street album by Baltimore rapper DeStorm Power. The album was released on May 1st and includes 15 songs 14 on the standard edition. The mixtape's first single was Finally Free with Talib Kweli but the first radio single was Baddest Mutha when the mixtape's host: DJ Whoo Kid premiered the song on Shade 45 on April 12th 2012.
 Another Late Night: Groove Armada is a DJ mix album mixed by Groove Armada. It is the fifth in the Another Late Night / Late Night Tales series.It was released on 3 June 2002 on Late Night Tales in the UK (catalogue no. ALNCD05).
 How Hollow Heart... is a 1997 album by Dead Voices on Air.The title of the album is taken from a poem by Samuel Beckett: How hollow heart and full of filth thou art.
 Wipers is a self-titled live album by the punk rock band the Wipers first released in 1985.
 The Hawk Is Howling is the sixth studio album by Scottish post-rock band Mogwai released on 22 September 2008 through Wall of Sound Play It Again Sam and Matador in the UK Europe and the USA respectively.
 This Sporting Life is the second studio album by Wakefield band Skint & Demoralised. The album was and recorded in 2010 and officially released on 2 August 2011 on Heist or Hit Records alongside the band's debut.
 Knock 'Em Dead Kid is the third album by Canadian rock band Trooper released in 1977. The album was produced by Randy Bachman of Bachman-Turner Overdrive and The Guess Who fame. Bassist Harry Kalensky was replaced by Doni Underhill prior to the recording this album which was the group's first Canadian platinum certified album. The album contained the hits We're Here for a Good Time (not a long time) and Oh Pretty Lady.
 Ska'n'B is the first album by Bad Manners from the year 1980. It reached number 34 on the UK album chart.
 Propaganda Man is an album by Ray Wilson released in 2008.
 Michael Brecker is the debut album by American saxophonist Michael Brecker. It was released on the Impulse! record label in 1987.The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awards the album a full 5 stars and states Although he had been a major tenor saxophonist in the studios for nearly 20 years and was quite popular for his work with the Brecker Brothers this MCA/Impulse set was Michael Brecker's first as a leader.
 Halka Nasha is a popular Hindi ghazal album of the Indian singer and Ghazal composer Hariharan. It was released on 1992 by Bayshore. It was later re-released by the same label in 2004. The album consists of 8 songs composed and sung by Hariharan.
 My Secret is My Silence is the debut studio album by Idlewild lead vocalist Roddy Woomble released 24 July 2006 on Pure Records.The album produced by John McCusker features tracks co-written by McCusker Rod Jones Michael Angus and Karine Polwart as well as the vocals of folk singer Kate Rusby.Regarding the album Woomble states that: the barriers were down so I could do whatever I wanted.
 Stardust is a 1978 album by Willie Nelson that spans the genres of pop jazz and country music. Its ten songs consist entirely of pop standards that Nelson picked from among his favorites. Nelson asked Booker T. Jones who was his neighbor in Malibu at the time to arrange a version of Moonlight in Vermont. Impressed with Jones's work Nelson asked him to produce the entire album.
 Live in Helsinki is the first official live album by Italian band Zu recorded in Helsinki during the 2002 Europe tour and released in 2003 by the then fledgling label Tang Plastik Records.
 Subsets of Sets is the 2001 debut album by New Zealand post-rock band Jakob.
 No Remorse is a 1984 compilation album by the British band Motörhead covering their years under contract with Bronze Records and with four newly recorded tracks (plus two more added first as B-sides and later to the CD remasters). This is the last album the band made for Bronze Records and the first to feature the new line-up of Lemmy Phil Campbell Würzel and Pete Gill.
 Tune-Up! is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1972 and released on the Cobblestone label.
 Let Freedom Swing is a big band jazz album recorded by the SWR Big Band with Toshiko Akiyoshi as guest pianist/conductor. The album was released as a 2 disk CD in February 2008 by Hänssler Verlag in Germany and includes performances of 12 Akiyoshi compositions.
 Raunaq: Conversation of Music and Poetry is a 2014 album composed by A. R. Rahman. The lyrics are penned by Kapil Sibal while serving the post as the Union Minister for Communications and IT and Law and Justice. The album is Kapil Sibal's second lyrical attempt after the Bollywood movie Bandook.
 Sinot Božji (in Macedonian Cyrillic: Синот Божји The Son of God) is the second studio album by the famous Macedonian singer Tose Proeski. The album was released in Macedonia and Serbia & Montenegro by Avalon Production.
 Bubblegum Perfume is the second compilation album by English alternative rock band Felt released in 1990. It collects tracks from the band's singles and albums recorded for Creation Records between 1986 and 1988.
 Cool Summer Reggae is an album by Aswad released in 2002. The collection features re-recordings of their hits Don't Turn Around and Shine plus cover versions that are given the commercial Aswad treatment including the album's first single Shy Guy featuring vocals from ex-Eternal singer Easther Bennett.
 Symphony in Effect is the debut album of Canadian rapper Maestro Fresh-Wes released in 1989 on Attic/LMR Records. In Canada the album nearly went double platinum and remains one of the best-selling Canadian hip hop albums of all time. The first single Let Your Backbone Slide became the first hit single in Canadian hip hop history appearing on Billboard's Hot Rap Singles chart. A second single Drop the Needle was released in 1990.
 Dutty Rock is the second studio album by Jamaican reggae/dancehall artist Sean Paul. It was released on November 12 2002. It features two U.S. number-one singles Get Busy and Beyoncé's Baby Boy (which Sean Paul features on). It also features singles Gimme the Light Like Glue and I'm Still in Love with You which all charted in the top 6 on the UK Singles Chart. The album itself reached #2 on the UK Albums Chart and #9 on the US Billboard 200 Albums Chart.
 Dancing with Strangers is the ninth studio album by Chris Rea released in 1987. It became Rea's first major success in UK peaking at #2 behind Michael Jackson's Bad and spent 46 weeks in the charts achieving Platinum accreditation. It reached the Top 10 in six other countries including New Zealand where it became a number one album.Let's Dance was released as the first single and like the album became a major hit for Rea in UK peaking at #12.
 Brimborium is a remix album by the industrial rock band KMFDM. It was released on February 19 2008.It features remixes of several tracks from 2007's Tohuvabohu one remix from Hau Ruck and the new track What We Do for You which consists of voice messages from the KMFDM Fan Phone and whose title references the band's 1993 hit Light.Brimborium is a German word that translates to hoo-ha mumbo-jumbo or rigmarole.
 My Life as a Snypa is the first album by the rap group Snypaz. It was released independently for Creative Way Records and was produced by The Legendary Traxster. Though the album did not chart it eventually sold 80000 copies and earned the group a record deal with Rap-a-Lot Records.
 Something Like Strangers is the third studio album by New Zealand Pop rock band Stellar* released by Sony BMG on August 28 2006 in New Zealand. The album was released after a period of hiatus after the release of their second album in 2001. Unlike the band's first two albums Something Like Strangers did not reach the #1 position. It stayed at #9 on the RIANZ albums charts for two weeks before slipping down out of the top 10.
 Kid Creole Redux is the second compilation album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts. It was released in 1992.
 Blue Lines is the debut album by English trip hop group Massive Attack released on 8 April 1991 by Virgin Records. A remastered version of the album was released on 19 November 2012.
 Casiopea was the debut album of the jazz fusion group Casiopea released in 1979. The album showed two racecars racing each other on a raceway.Recorded between December 1978 and March 1979 Casiopea is Casiopea's self-titled debut album.
 Guaranteed is the ninth studio album by the British musical group Level 42 released in 1991 their first album of the 1990s. The album was released by RCA records and it was the first Level 42 studio album released by a label other than Polydor.
 Summer Happiness is the third and final EP by the David Crowder Band released on June 22 2010 by sixstepsrecords. It consists of acoustic renditions of tracks from their previous album Church Music. The album was met with positive reviews and commercial viability.
 In Pursuit of the 13th Note is the debut album by United Kingdom acid jazz group Galliano. It was released on Gilles Peterson's Talkin' Loud record label on 25 March 1991. Although a studio album the performances were recorded live.
 Low Country Blues is eleventh studio album by Gregg Allman released at Rounder Records on January 18 2011. It was produced by T-Bone Burnett. The album reached #5 on the Billboard 200 and #1 on the Top Blues Albums charts.
 Rise Up is the eighth studio album by Cypress Hill which was released on April 20 2010. It is their first album of new material in six years following 2004's Till Death Do Us Part and their first to be released on EMI's Priority Records their first venture away from Columbia who handled all of their previous releases.
 Reflections is a music album by the Indian singer and Ghazal composer Hariharan released in 1988. The album featured 8 songs all of them sung by Hariharan.
 As Above So Below is the fourth studio album by British heavy metal band Angel Witch. It is their first studio album in 26 years produced by Ghost BC producer Jaime Gomez Arellano.
 The Unreleased Themes for Hellraiser (subtitled The Consequences of Raising Hell) was the fourth album that Coil released in the year 1987. The album was released on CD cassette and 10″ vinyl. It was the proposed soundtrack to the film Hellraiser however was turned down because it was not considered commercial enough.A-side tracks from the 10″/cassette version and all tracks from the CD version later appeared on the Unnatural History II compilation.
 The Definitive Singles Collection 1984–2004 is a greatest hits album from Norwegian band A-ha released on 11 April 2005. Despite the title the album contains tracks from 1985–2002. The album contains 17 of their hits plus an enhanced video for the song Take on Me. The track listing of this album is slightly different from the one on The Singles: 1984–2004.
 Sprung (Music from and Inspired by the Motion Picture) is a soundtrack to the 1997 comedy film Sprung. It is composed of 17 hip hop and R&B tracks by artists ranging from Canibus to Aaliyah.
 Jazz at Oberlin is a live album by the Dave Brubeck Quartet.
 Idol Tryouts 2 is a various artists compilation album released by Ann Arbor Michigan-based record label Ghostly International. It is the label's third compilation overall and the second in their Idol Tryouts series. Idol Tryouts 2 contains tracks from artists on the label and spans the musical genres of electronica techno electro tech house and trip hop. Included in Idol Tryouts 2 is a second disc which highlights ambient music selections from Ghostly International artists.
 Hymns by Johnny Cash was the fifth album and first gospel album of Johnny Cash. The album was produced in 1958 and was then officially released in 1959. An alternate version of the song It was Jesus was an added bonus track after the album was re-issued in 2002. Cash left Sun Records because Sam Phillips wouldn't let him record the gospel songs he'd grown up with. Columbia promised him to release an occasional gospel album; this was a success for him to record.
 Carbon Beauty is the third remix album by Australian electro-industrial band Angelspit. Released 8 March 2011 The album features three new songs and ten remixes from their previous studio album Hideous and Perfect. Contributing artists include Tweaker 16 Volt Ego Likeness Baal Dope Stars Inc. Deathproof AoTU Metafakt and Megajive. A music video for Toxic Girl directed by Tamas Mesmer was released.
 These Are My Favourites is the fourth studio album released by English TV personality Bruce Forsyth. The album was released on November 7 2011 through EMI Records. It peaked to number 58 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Still Live is a live album by American pianist Keith Jarrett's Standards Trio featuring Gary Peacock and Jack DeJohnette recorded in concert in July 1986 at the Philharmonic Hall in Munich and released on the ECM label.
 Baby Come Back is an album by British Invasion group The Equals. It was released in 1968 by their UK label President Records.
 Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 21 (subtitled Ohio Part 2) is a compilation album in the Highs in the Mid-Sixties series featuring recordings that were released in Ohio. Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 9 is an earlier volume in the series that features bands from this state.
 Apertura is an album by Mats Gustafsson and David Grubbs released on July 6 1999 through Blue Chopsticks.
 Classic Crystal is a compilation album by the American country music singer Crystal Gayle. Released in 1979 the album spans Gayle's time on the United Artists Records label which proved to be the height of her career. It peaked at #8 on the Billboard Country Music Albums chart and #62 on the Billboard 200. It was certified Gold by the RIAA in 1980. In the United Kingdom the album was released in 1980 as The Crystal Gayle Singles Album.
 Caledonia is the Latin name given by the Romans to the land in today's Scotland north of their province of Britannia beyond the frontier of their empire. The etymology of the name is probably from a P-Celtic source. Its modern usage is as a romantic or poetic name for Scotland as a whole comparable with Hibernia for Ireland and Britannia for the whole of Britain.
 Rung is an album released by the Pakistani pop singer Hadiqa Kiyani. It was released in 2002 and gained much populaity. Songs such as Jogi Bun Kay Aa Ranjhan Dohlan and Yaad Sajan went on to become some of the most successful songs in the industry.
 Найкраще (The Best) is an album by the winner of the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 Ruslana released in 2001.
 Live & Deadly: Memphis–Chicago is a live album recorded by the Compulsive Gamblers. It is the fourth and final album issued by the band released on April 15 2003 by the independent record label Sympathy for the Record Industry. The album contains 16 tracks recorded during two May 2002 performances one in Memphis Tennessee and the other in Chicago Illinois. Live & Deadly was released just prior to the second and so far final time the Compulsive Gamblers disbanded.
 Satisfied is an album by American musicians David Grisman and John Sebastian released in 2007. The two met 41 years before this recording and were part of the band The Even Dozen Jug Band in 1964. After that both of them became legends in their genres. The album offers a collection of traditional folk songs mixed with originals by both Sebastian and Grisman.
 Pat Metheny Group is the first album by Pat Metheny Group released in 1978. It features Pat Metheny on guitars Lyle Mays on piano and synthesizer Mark Egan on electric bass and Dan Gottlieb on drums.
 Radio 1 Anti-Nazi Mix is a promotional mix album by British electronica duo The Chemical Brothers released in the UK in May 1997 (see 1997 in music). It contains two discs: Disc 1 contains a mix named Radio 1 Anti-Nazi Mix; disc 2 contains an interview with journalist Peter Paphides of which 38 answers (as 38 tracks) are included.
 Johnny is the nineteenth album released by singer Johnny Mathis. It is his fifteenth original studio album with four compilations of hit singles having been released by him at this point.
 A Costa da Morte is a 2007 Mägo de Oz album.The Spanish Death Coast is called a Costa da Morte in the Galician language.
 Tonight: Live released in 2000 on Warner Bros. Records is a Gospel music album by American contemporary Gospel music group Take 6.This album recorded at Blue Note Tokyo from October 4–6 1999.
 First Dance is a 1995 independently released EP by Canadian jazz vocalist Michael Bublé. The EP features six cover version of popular jazz and country songs. The EP has become somewhat of a rarity amongst fans and only a few copies exist. Buble later re-recorded I've Got You Under My Skin for inclusion on his second major studio album It's Time as well as All of Me for his fourth Crazy Love.
 Power from Hell is the debut studio album by English thrash metal band Onslaught released in February 1985. Apparently confusion has arisen as to who coined the phrase Death Metal as it was NOT Onslaught but; Possessed who recorded their song entitled Death Metal on their 1984 demo tape of the same name.
 Nice Work If You Can Get It is a 1983 studio album by Ella Fitzgerald accompanied by the pianist André Previn and the double bassist Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen.This was Fitzgerald's only album recorded with Previn and represented her first album of single composer material since her 1981 album Ella Abraça Jobim. Nice Work If You Can Get It was the last in a long line of collaborations that Fitzgerald made with predominantly jazz piano accompaniment.
 Imagination is the tenth studio album by American R&B/Soul vocal group The Whispers Released on November 30 1980 by SOLAR Records.
 SCH is the first official album by SCH. The album was released following the band's successful appearance at the 1987 Novi Rock festival in Ljubljana. The recording line-up was Teno (vocals/guitar/bass/synth/noises) Samir Bjelanović (drums) and Petar Erak (bass). The album is characterized by powerful expression a mixture of refined noise industrial sounds and totally ruptured tones full of breaks and twists interfused with short melodic phrases and pieces.
 The All New Adventures of The Lads is The Lads debut American release and sixth overall album.
 Humboldt County High is the first studio album by West Coast hip hop group Potluck. It was released on September 11 2001 on The Orchard label.
 Despedazado por Mil Partes is a 1996 studio album by La Renga.This record has many of the most famous songs of the band such as La Balada del Diablo y La Muerte El Final Es En Donde Partí Lo Frágil de La Locura Veneno and Hablando de La Libertad which closes their concerts.The front cover of the album shows an angel which when turned upside down appears as a demon.
 Thirds is the third studio album by James Gang released in 1971 and is the last studio album led by Joe Walsh. Walk Away was released as a single making the Top 40 on at least one national chart reaching #51 on the Billboard Hot 100 the best placement of a James Gang single. The album reached Gold status in July 1972.On the liner notes to the LP version of this 1971 album Joe Walsh is credited with guitar vocals and train wreck for his work on the song Walk Away.
 Baka no Uta (ばかのうた) is the debut studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Gen Hoshino. It was released on 16 June 2010 as a limited edition vinyl LP on Kakubarhythm and on 23 June 2010 on CD on Haruomi Hosono's Daisyworld Discs and Speedstar Records in Japan.Baka no Uta is the first solo release by Hoshino who also leads Japanese instrumental band Sakerock. The only single from the album Kuse no Uta was released as a digital download on 14 July 2010.
 Strangeways Here We Come is the fourth and final studio album by English rock band The Smiths released in 1987 reaching No. 2 on the album chart and staying in the chart for 17 weeks. All of the songs on the album were composed by Johnny Marr with lyrics written and sung by Morrissey.
 Anourag is an album of Indian classical music performed by Anoushka Shankar released in 2000. Anoushka Shankar's father sitar master Ravi Shankar adapted six ragas for her to play on this album.
 Jenseits von Gut und Böse (German: Beyond good and evil) is the tenth studio album by German rapper Bushido. It was released as Standard Limited and 3D Deluxe Edition on May 13. 2011 under his record label ersguterjunge. The album reached Nr. 1 spot in the album charts of Germany Austria and Switzerland. It sold 26117 copies in Germany during the first week after the release.
 Hand Cranked released in 2006 is the second album from music producer Bibio (Stephen Wilkinson).
 Suffocation is the fifth studio album by American death metal band Suffocation. It was released in 2006 through Relapse Records. The song Prelude to Repulsion is a re-recording of the track of the same name on Breeding the Spawn. Music videos were made for the songs Abomination Reborn and Bind Torture Kill.
 Room For Abuse '06 is a re-release of Ska Punk band Spunge's 2000 album Room For Abuse. It has been re-mastered to improve the quality. The CD includes a bonus DVD which is a re-release of their earlier video Skankin 'N' Skulkin. Kickin' Pigeons is also added as an extra 17th track.
 Dreams in Formaline is the debut album by industrial gothic metal band Omega Lithium. It was released on 18 September 2009.
 Sleep Through the Static is the fourth studio album by singer-songwriter Jack Johnson released in the U.S. on February 5 2008. The effort was announced on Johnson's personal website as renovation began for the release of the album. It was recorded at L.A.'s Solar Powered Plastic Plant which makes it Johnson's first album not made in Hawaii. It was produced by JP Plunier.The album was played live for the first time at the BBC in December for a select number of fans.
 Rapture Ruckus is the debut EP by the New Zealand Christian Hip Hop/ Rock group Rapture Ruckus released through Tooth & Nail Records on June 8 2010. It is a US release of the EP Hold On which was released in New Zealand on the same day through Parachute Records containing a slightly different tracklisting.
 Eon:Eon is the 9th studio album by the German electronic music group Project Pitchfork. It was released on October 5 1998 through EastWest Records. The album reached number fourteen on the German album charts. Three songs from the album was released as singles: Carnival Steelrose and I Live Your Dream.
 Lead Me On is the 11th album by Christian music singer-songwriter Amy Grant released in 1988 through A&M Recordings.Lead Me On was a departure from its predecessor the high-energy pop album Unguarded. Unlike Unguarded or 1991's Heart in Motion Lead Me On was not mainstream compatible.
 Everybody Digs Bill Evans is an album by jazz musician Bill Evans released in early 1959 on the Riverside label.
 The Greatest Story Ever Told is the fourth studio album by American rapper David Banner released on July 15 2008.
 Odium is the second full-length release by the German band Morgoth. It was released in 1993 by Century Media. It was produced by Dirk Draeger recorded and mixed at Woodhouse Studios in Hagen engineered and mixed by Siggi Bemm.
 Time Out of Mind is the thirtieth studio album by the American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan released on September 30 1997 by Columbia Records. It was his first double studio album (on vinyl) since Self Portrait in 1970. It was also released as a single CD.For fans and critics the album marked Dylan's artistic comeback after he struggled with his musical identity throughout the 1980s; he hadn't released any original material for seven years since Under the Red Sky in 1990.
 Released in October 2004 Just Beyond the River is the second studio album by James Yorkston and the Athletes. The album was released on 12 vinyl and on CD initial copies of the CD came with a 3-track CD of folk standards and original compositions. The album was produced by Kieran Hebden (aka Four Tet).
 The Main Ingredient is the second album by Pete Rock & CL Smooth Released on November 8 1994. It would become their last album together.
 Millions of Dead Cops is the debut studio album by the American hardcore punk band MDC. It was originally released on December 16 1981 through Rhythm Vicar and was distributed by Alternative Tentacles. Today it is considered a hardcore punk classic.
 What We Made is the debut studio album released by British recording artist Example. The album was initially due for release in June 2007 as stated on the back of the We Didn't Invent the Remix sleeve however the album was delayed and was finally released on September 17 2007.
 More Stuff is the title of the second full-length studio release by the group Stuff. It was released in 1977 a year after their debut on Warner Bros. Records. For the recordings the group teamed up with Charles Kipps and Van McCoy who by then had a disco hit with a song called The Hustle. The band also covers the Stevie Wonder song As which appeared on his Songs in the Key of Life disc from the same year. More Stuff like its predecessor attained gold status in the U.S.
 8/29/00 – Boston Massachusetts is a two-disc live album and the forty-third in a series of 72 live bootlegs released by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam from the band's 2000 Binaural Tour. It was released along with the other official bootlegs from the first North American leg of the tour on February 27 2001.
 Rebel Road is the tenth album by vocalist/saxophonist Edgar Winter. It was released on July 8 2008 by Airline Records. The album features lead and solo guitar work by Slash on the single Rebel Road vocals and harmonica by Clint Black on The Power of Positive Drinking and On the Horns of a Dilemma and lead and solo guitar by Edgar's brother Johnny Winter on Rockin' the Blues.
 Rendezvous in Rio is a jazz vocal album by Michael Franks released in 2006 with Koch Records. It was Franks' sixteenth studio album.
 I Heart California is the debut studio album by American indie rock band Admiral Radley. It was released on 13 July 2010 on The Ship Records.
 Mirror is the second album released by D'espairsRay on April 11 2007 in Japan and on June 22 of the same year in Europe. The first press limited edition release from Japan came housed in a paper case along with one of five picture cards that feature one of the band members. The album was released in America on March 18 2008. The album is composed of new songs previously released singles and Closer to Ideal a track originally published on the bonus CD of the Liquidize photo book.
 To Lose My Life... (also known by extended title of To Lose My Life or Lose My Love or shortened as To Lose My Life) is the debut album by the British Indie rock band White Lies. It was released on 19 January 2009 through Fiction Records.
 Celebration is a two CD set album released by the cellist Julian Lloyd Webber in 2001.
 Doomsday Rock 'n Roll is an album by Norwegian heavy metal / hard rock band Chrome Division. The album reached #31 on the Norwegian albums chart.
 La Más Completa Coleccion is a compilation album released by Marco Antonio Solís on January 26 2009.
 1927 is the self-titled album by the Australian rock band 1927 released in 1992. It reached #40 on the Australian album chart.
 Feel the Wind is an album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard and drummer Art Blakey recorded in November 1988 and released on the Timeless label. It features performances by Hubbard Blakey Benny Green Mulgrew Miller Leon Lee Dorsey Lonnie Plaxico and Javon Jackson.
 Dark Matter: Moving at the Speed of Light is a 2004 album by Afrika Bambaata released on Tommy Boy Entertainment.
 Rejoicing is an album by the guitarist Pat Metheny that was released in 1984 by ECM. It features the guitarist in a trio with Charlie Haden on bass and Billy Higgins on drums playing a mixture of originals and compositions by Ornette Coleman.
 Tooth & Nail is a 2013 studio album by folk musician Billy Bragg.
 American X: Baby 81 Sessions is an EP from Black Rebel Motorcycle Club released in the US on December 4 2007. The CD collects B-sides and unreleased tracks from the Baby 81 recording sessions along with a new short film for the song American X. Initially the CD was only released at indie record stores in the US but was made available internationally shortly thereafter.
 Octave of the Holy Innocents is a studio album by Swedish bassist Jonas Hellborg experimental guitarist Buckethead and drummer Michael Shrieve first released in 1993.The album title refers to the Massacre of the Innocents and the Simple Octave of Christian liturgical usage. Hellborg reworked the album in 2003 and re-released it through Bardo Records.He wrote:When looking over the tapes of these sessions I discovered tracks that I did not use the first time around.
 Wind's Poem is the name of the fourth full-length album by Mount Eerie. It is largely inspired by black metal and showcases Phil Elvrum in his relatively newfound affinity for Xasthur and other lynchpins of the unholy genre.Between Two Mysteries includes elements of Love Theme from Twin Peaks by Angelo Badalamenti. A section of lyrics from the track Stone's Ode were taken from the Burzum song Dunkelheit.
 A Touch of Christmas is a studio album by American singer Shirley Jones of The Partridge Family music group. The album features 12 tracks of christmas music songs performed by Jones. It was produced by Les Brown Jr. for Rayburt Productions. A Touch of Christmas features many holiday classics and includes the duet Baby It's Cold Outside sung with Tony Orlando. The album was released in 2010 on Encore Music Presents Records.
 One Bar Left is the EP from American rapper Illogic. It was released free in 2008. The EP was entirely produced by Ill Poetic.
 Rise of the Tyrant is the seventh album by the melodic death metal band Arch Enemy produced by Fredrik Nordström and was released on September 24 2007.Vocalist Angela Gossow told the band's website that: Template:Guitarist Michael Amott described it as: Template:Rise of the Tyrant debuted at number 84 on the Billboard 200 selling around 8900 copies. This surpasses Doomsday Machine making it the band's highest-charting effort yet.
 Meltdown is the title of the second release and first full-length album by singer-songwriter Steve Taylor. It was listed at No. 18 in the book CCM Presents: The 100 Greatest Albums in Christian Music.
 The Legend of Chin is the debut studio album by the American alternative rock band Switchfoot. It was released on June 17 1997 under independent label re:think Records which was distributed by Sparrow Records.The album is titled after Jon Foreman's high school best friend Willis Chin whose photos and birth date are printed on the album booklet.
 A Song to Ruin is Million Dead's debut full length album released in 2003 through Xtra Mile Recordings/Integrity Records.
 Von hier an blind (German for From here on blind) is the second album by Wir sind Helden released on 4 April 2005 in Germany. The album entered the German top 100 album charts at #1 on 18 April and remained in the top 10 for twenty weeks. It also reached #1 in Austria and #5 in Switzerland.
 La Historia Live is live album by Hector & Tito.
 The Jackson 5 in Japan also known as In Japan! was the second live album released by The Jackson 5 in Japan culled from a live concert held there in 1973. Motown did not release the album in the United States until 2004 via specialty reissue label Hip-O Select; that limited-edition version is currently out of print. The album sold over a million copies worldwide.
 Vi burde ses noget mere is the debut album of the Danish europop duo Hej Matematik.The album was released on February 4 2008 with eleven songs. Later on it was re-released adding the successful single Walkmand.
 Iceolator is an album by Plateau released in 2002. The fourth release of cEvin Key's subscription-only From the Vault collection it is a collection of old and newly released material.
 Shadow Dancing is the second album by English singer and teen idol Andy Gibb released in 1978. Continuing the momentum of his first successes notably I Just Want to Be Your Everything he began work with the Gibb-Galuten-Richardson production team on his second album.
 Songs for Swinging Lovers is the second album by The Indelicates released on 12 April 2010. The album was recorded in Berlin in 2009 and produced by Ed East. Initially available for download on a 'pay-what-you-like' basis CD and special editions will follow in June 2010.
 Hello Starling is the third album by Josh Ritter released on September 9 2003.Hello Starling was reissued on January 17 2010 as a two-disc Deluxe Edition. The Deluxe Edition includes the complete original studio album and a second bonus disc.
 My Iron Lung is the third extended play (EP) by English alternative rock group Radiohead released in October 1994. The title track later appeared on the band's second studio album The Bends (1995). The EP also contains outtakes from then-ongoing recording sessions for The Bends compiling songs that were issued as B-sides on two separate My Iron Lung CD singles in the UK and other markets.
 Chloe Liked Olivia was the third album by Two Nice Girls. This also proved to be their last studio effort released on Rough Trade records in 1991.The title is taken from Virginia Woolf's feminist essay A Room of One's Own.
 Sweet Sweet Music is a live album by the late Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch released on the 13th of February 2012. This album is amongst the last of his live recordings.
 Bruce Hornsby's ninth studio album a collaboration with bluegrass legend Ricky Skaggs titled Ricky Skaggs & Bruce Hornsby marks the debut release for the duo's new musical project. The album features reworkings of Hornsby originals as bluegrass tunes as well as a number of traditional songs and a Skaggs original composition. Worthy of note is the cover of Super Freak (the Rick James song) here turned into a bluegrass version.
 Rising Fawn Gathering is an album by Americana and folk musicians Norman Blake Nancy Blake Jim and Rachel Bryan and the Celtic music group Boys of the Lough released in 2009.
 Retrospectacle – The Supertramp Anthology released as Gold in the US is the first comprehensive compilation album by progressive rock band Supertramp released in October 2005.As Supertramp's first career retrospective Retrospectacle contains a compilation of the most popular songs live tracks and favourite album tracks from all of their albums Supertramp Indelibly Stamped Crime of the Century Crisis? What Crisis? Even in the Quietest Moments Breakfast in America Paris ...Famous Last Words... Brother Where You Bound Free as a Bird Some Things Never Change It Was The Best Of Times and Slow Motion. 
 IIcons is the sixth album from Naughty by Nature released on May 7 2002 on TVT Records. The album was a success peaking at 15 on the Billboard 200 and 5 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and spawned the single Feels Good (Don't Worry Bout a Thing) which made it to 53 on the Billboard Hot 100 and featured 3LW.
 Rampant is the fifth studio album by the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth released in 1974. It was their third and to be the last LP produced by Roger Glover.
 Toy Balloon is the twentieth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch released in 1998.
 Stitt Meets Brother Jack (also released as 'Nother Fu'ther) is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt with organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1962 and released on the Prestige label.
 The Sound of Madness is the third studio album by American rock band Shinedown released June 24 2008.
 Spunge (styled as [spunge]) is the fourth studio album from British ska punk band Spunge. It was released on 12 November 2007 although the band had sold the albums on their supporting tour from as early as 25 October 2007. The album features two previously released singles One More Go and the download only single Backstabber.
 Familiar to Millions is a live album by the British rock band Oasis. It was recorded at Wembley Stadium on 21 July 2000. It debuted at No. 5 in the UK charts with 57000 copies sold in the first week. To date Familiar to Millions has sold around 310000 copies in Britain alone (Platinum) about 70000 copies in the US and an estimated 1 million copies worldwide. The album was initially released simultaneously on six formats: DVD VHS CD double cassette triple vinyl and MiniDisc.
 See The Light Inside You is the first full length album by American rock band thelastplaceyoulook. It was released on January 29 2009 (see 2009 in music) and produced by thelastplaceyoulook and Will Hoffman. The first single is Don't Make it So Easy and the music video was produced by Taylor Gahm and released on July 13 2009. The second single Band to Save Me has been added to rotation on Clear Channel's 94.5 KTBZ The Buzz.
 Houston We Have No Problem is the fourth album by Nottingham-based project Twelve and is part one of a two-part set. This album was released as download only via www.sixbyseven.co.uk. Part two Raumschiff Schlaf Symphonie was released on cd only.Houston We Have No Problem is the story of an astronaut lost in space. Follow his journey as he attempts to survive and return to earth.
 Released in 1998 Adiemus III: Dances of Time is the third album by Welsh composer Karl Jenkins as part of the Adiemus project. This album is a tribute to the interrelationship between music and dance throughout history. As such most tracks are composed in a traditional style of dance including meter.In addition to the multitracked vocals used in the previous Adiemus recordings Jenkins introduces the Finnish Adiemus Singers to perform the chorus to Miriam Stockley's lead.
 Rhythm & Romance was the fifth release and second No. 1 Billboard country album for Rosanne Cash. It was released in May of 1985. Her highest honor came when one of its tracks I Don't Know Why You Don't Want Me won the 1985 Grammy Award for Best Country Vocal Performance by a female artist. That song and Never Be You were both No. 1 Billboard country singles. Two other tracks rose to the No. 5 spot on the charts: Hold On and Second to No One.
 The Very Best of Kiss is a compilation album by the American rock band Kiss. It was released on August 27 2002. It contains 21 of the most popular Kiss tracks all previously released.
 Consider the Birds is the second album (not counting the score for Blush) by David Eugene Edwards' Woven Hand. The album's title comes from the Sermon on the Mount. When asked why he chose this as his album's title David Eugene Edwards replied I wanted to remind myself of the birds. I am often anxious. I need to fall on my faith more.
 Bergman Rock's second album Bonjour Baberiba Pt II was recorded in only seven days.
 August Burns Red Presents: Sleddin' Hill A Holiday Album is the fifth studio album the first holiday/Christmas album and the first instrumental album by American melodic metalcore band August Burns Red. It was released on October 9 2012 through Solid State Records.
 Positif was a 1984 album by Jean-Jacques Goldman his third solo album sung in French. It was recorded at Studio Gang by Olivier do Espirito Santo and Jean-Pierre Janiaud. It was released by JRG/BMG Music Publishing. It was certified diamond in France for sales of 1000000 copies.
 Franz Ferdinand is the debut studio album by Glaswegian indie rock band Franz Ferdinand released in early 2004. It entered the United Kingdom album charts at number three in February 2004 and contains three UK top ten singles: Take Me Out This Fire (on the download chart) and The Dark of the Matinée (often referred to simply as Matinée). Franz Ferdinand won the 2004 Mercury Music Prize and was nominated for Best Alternative Album at the 47th Annual Grammy Awards.
 Elect the Dead Symphony is the first live album by System of a Down frontman Serj Tankian. It is available in CD CD/DVD LP and Digital Download formats. It features the Auckland Philharmonia Orchestra at the Auckland Town Hall in Auckland New Zealand. Orchestral arrangements were by John Psathas.
 Modulate is Bob Mould's fifth solo album released in 2002. Although a few tracks on his previous release The Last Dog and Pony Show had featured tape loops and samples Mould shocked his fans with such a dramatic embrace of electronica.
 Canto is the fifth studio album (sixth album overall including the live album Unplugged at Kafka) by C-rock band Soler. It performed successfully on the Hong Kong charts. The title of the album is a play on words referring to canto Italian for I sing and referring to Canto a popular slang for Cantonese language as the album is sung entirely in Cantonese.
 Random Access Memories is the fourth studio album by French electronic music duo Daft Punk. It was released by the duo's imprint Daft Life under exclusive license to Columbia Records on 17 May 2013. The album pays tribute to the late 1970s and early 1980s era of music in the United States particularly the sounds that emerged from Los Angeles.
 Hard Station is a 1981 album by Irish singer/songwriter Paul Brady his second solo album.
 Bring It Back is the fourth album by American indie pop band Mates of State. Released March 21 2006 on Barsuk records the band's fourth album was their first to register on the Billboard charts reaching #35 on the Top Independent Albums chart and #32 on the Top Heatseekers chart.
 So Stylistic is an album recorded by New York City rap group FannyPack. This their debut album featured the hit songs Cameltoe Things and Hey Mami.
 Our Endless Numbered Days is the second full-length album from Iron & Wine. Released on March 23 2004 on Sub Pop it was the first non-solo effort by Sam Beam under his Iron & Wine moniker. Limited edition copies of the vinyl LP came with a bonus 7 vinyl single. Limited edition copies of the CD came with a bonus CD single.The album's title comes from the lyrics of the song Passing Afternoon: There are things that drift away like our endless numbered days.
 Quique is the 1993 debut album by British music group Seefeel released by Too Pure. The album was recorded in 1993 and is predominantly an instrumental recording that is a mixture of both electronic and rock music. The album was released in December 1993 in the United Kingdom where it received positive reviews in the British press.
 Musicology is the twenty-seventh studio album by Prince released on April 20 2004 which proved to be his most successful in years reaching the Top 5 of the album charts in the U.S UK Germany and many other countries.Musicology was the first album in five years that Prince released through a major label (Sony Music) and being partially recorded in Mississauga Ontario was his first to be recorded outside Minneapolis in many years.
 Weather Systems is the ninth album by the British rock band Anathema. It was released on 16 April 2012 in Europe via Kscope and 24 April 2012 in the US via The End Records. The band describes the album as not background music for parties. The music is written to deeply move the listener. The album was recorded in Liverpool North Wales and Oslo each place significant to Anathema's past present and future.
 The Compton Effect is the second album from rapper Greydon Square. It is his first album using the title Greydon Square as his first album Absolute (now no longer available) was recorded under the name 'Apocalypse'. The title is a reference to the Compton effect in physics (Greydon's undergraduate field of study) as well as the city of Compton California from which the artist originates.
 En enda gång is a 1992 studio album from Kikki Danielsson & Roosarna. The tracks En enda gång Kvällens sista dans and Natt efter natt were tested for Svensktoppen but only En enda gång managed to enter the chart.
 Heroes is an album by country singers Johnny Cash (his 72nd overall album release) and Waylon Jennings released on Columbia Records in 1986 (see 1986 in music). Although the two musicians had collaborated several times before - most notably in 1985 as part of The Highwaymen along with Willie Nelson and Kris Kristofferson - this was the duo's first and only full-length album. Heroes was also Cash's last original release on Columbia with which he parted ways soon after the record's release.
 Someone in Control is the third album released by American rock band Trapt released on September 13 2005 by Warner Bros. Records. The album debuted at #14 on the Billboard 200 chart. Three singles were released: Stand Up Waiting and Disconnected (Out of Touch). Someone in Control was co-produced by Trapt and Don Gilmore. The lyrics were written by Chris Brown music written by Trapt.
 25th Birthday Party is a recording of the Gong 25th Birthday concerts in October 1994.
 The Evolution of Blue Magic is the debut album by Nigerian born American based pop singer-songwriter Nenna Yvonne. The album was released on 10 September 2013 under her own independent label Blue Magic Productions LLC and distribuited by Thump Records and Universal Records in Digital Download and CD.
 Living on the Edge is the first studio album by French DJ Stéphane Pompougnac.In Thailand Pompougnac held a launch party for the album and Hôtel Costes Vol. 6 on March 2 2004 at the Si Lom Road Sofitel in Bangkok. In Canada the album was released on August 3 2004 by Isla Del Sol.
 Deceit is the second studio album by English experimental rock band This Heat. It was released in 1981 through record label Rough Trade.Deceit is regarded as a classic of the post-punk era and was ranked at number 20 on Pitchfork Media's list of the greatest albums of the 1980s.
 You & Me is the fourth album by indie rock group The Walkmen.
 This is a compilation of the fifth and sixth The Desert Sessions releases. Queens of the Stone Age later performed You Think I Ain't Worth a Dollar But I Feel Like a Millionaire on their Songs for the Deaf album and Rickshaw has often been included in their live set. Like a Drug has been re-recorded and features on the certain special editions of Lullabies to Paralyze.
 Transsexual is an EP from electronic musician Mr. Oizo. It was released June 11 2007. This was the first record released by Oizo on the Ed Banger Label. The voice in this album is the Macintosh system voice Junior who claims to be the reincarnation of Michael Jackson.
 Nier is an action role-playing video game developed by Cavia and published by Square Enix in 2010. The music of Nier was composed by Keiichi Okabe with members of his studio Monaca Kakeru Ishihama and Keigo Hoashi and Takafumi Nishimura of Cavia.
 Blood Enough for Us All is a rare original self-released EP by MewithoutYou.
 No Mean City is the tenth studio album by the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth released in 1979. The album title comes from the 1935 novel No Mean City and features artwork illustrated by Rodney Matthews.
 20 successi di Mina is a compilation album by Italian singer Mina issued in 1964.The songs of this album were all taken from the first six albums published between 1960 and 1963 except Vulcano that was published in 1963 only on a 45rpm record.
 Classical Variations and Themes is the first studio album by former Stratovarius guitarist Timo Tolkki released in October 1994 through Goldenworks Ky (Europe); December 16 1994 through Victor Entertainment (Japan); and reissued in 2004 through Irond Records.
 East River Drive is a Stanley Clarke album released in 1993.
 Bigger Than Jesus was in 1989 the fourth full-length album by the Kalahari Surfers the recording identity of South African musician Warrick Sony.The South African authorities banned Bigger Than Jesus due to concerns about the song Gutted With The Glory's use of the Lord's Prayer which they deemed abhorrent and hurtful. A shopper Mevrou Mulder of Cape Town was so offended by seeing the record on sale that she organised a petition to the Directorate of Publications.
 Joyride is the first EP by the Japanese electronica/rock duo the Boom Boom Satellites released on November 1 1997. The title also refers to a single of the same name with the track Joyride and two versions of The Countless Past to be Hidden or to a 12 remix with a remix by Boom Boom Satellites and another by Luke Slater.
 The Juliana Theory / Dawson High is a split album by Greensburg Pennsylvania based indie-rock bands The Juliana Theory and Dawson High released in 1998 on Arise Records.
 Balance is the tenth studio album by American hard rock band Van Halen hailing from Pasadena California. The album was released on January 24 1995 by Warner Bros. records and produced by Bruce Fairbairn. It is the final of the four studio albums to feature Sammy Hagar as the band's lead vocalist.The album ended up on the Billboard 200 list at number 1 in 1995 and reached triple Platinum on May 12 2004 by selling more than 3 million copies in the United States.
 Для Тех Кто Прогулялся Бы С Богами translates as For Those Who Would Walk With The Gods is a special 2001 The Tear Garden compilation created by Brudenia for the Russian market.
 Spiritual Catharsis is the debut album by Australian black metal artist Striborg.
 At Peace with Woman is the second album by The Jones Girls. Released in 1980 the album reached number seven on the Top Soul Albums chart
 Desk Trickery is the third album by Doldrums released on December 13 1999 through Kranky Records.
 Brick: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 2005 film of the same name. It was released on March 21 2006 by Lakeshore Records. The soundtrack features the original score for the film composed by Nathan Johnson lead of The Cinematic Underground as well as music by The Velvet Underground Bunny Berigan Anton Karas and Kay Armen and a song from the Gilbert and Sullivan operetta The Mikado recited by Nora Zehetner that was featured in the film.
 Live in Germany 1993 is the second live album and DVD by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler recorded in Frankfurt in 1993 and released in 2011 with remastered audio.After several postponed release dates ZYX Music released the album in three formats; a CD a DVD and a CD/DVD Deluxe Edition.The concert was originally broadcast on German TV in 1993 entitled Live aus der Schlachter - In Concert.
 On Target is the fifth studio album by heavy metal rock group Fastway and their first album without original frontman Dave King.
 Paper Walls is the third major-label album from American pop punk band Yellowcard released on July 17 2007 but their fourth full-length studio album with Ryan Key and sixth including those recorded before him. This is also the first Yellowcard album with Ryan Mendez the last with Peter Mosely and the last studio album to be released through Capitol Records.
 Bang! is a mostly live EP released only in Japan by the Goo Goo Dolls in 1996 for Warner Bros. Records.
 The Very Best of Randy Travis is a compilation album by American country music artist Randy Travis. It was released in 2004 via Warner Bros. Records. The album peaked at number 10 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Chapters is a double album compilation by Swedish progressive rock band Anekdoten released in May 2009. The first disc contains the band's favourite tracks from their 3 latest albums From Within Gravity and A Time of Day. It also features the newly recorded track When I Turn a track originally written for the From Within album.
 Enfant de la ville is the second studio album of Grand Corps Malade. It was released on 31 March 2008.
 Blue Gardenia is an album by Etta James released in August 2001 through the record label Private Music. Produced by John Snyder who had worked with James on five of her previous studio albums Blue Gardenia contains thirteen jazz standards from the 1930s–50s arranged by pianist Cedar Walton (with the exception of Love Letters arranged by Josh Sklair).
 Jubilee is an album released in 1998 by Grant Lee Buffalo. The single TrulyTruly received significant radio airplay appearing on Billboard's Modern Rock chart for 13 weeks while peaking at #11. According to Grant Lee Phillips the album may have suffered from high expectations at the label.The celebrational spirit of Jubilee actually brought a renewed optimism to me personally. The album was well received and understandably the expectations at the label were high probably too high.
 El Che is the second studio album by Chicago rapper Rhymefest released on June 8 2010. The album was released under dNBe Entertainment and EMI Records who picked up the album after it was dropped by J Records as a result of creative differences. Rhymefest recorded El Che at Soundscape Studios in Chicago Illinois with Grammy-Award winning engineer/producer Michael Kolar.
 Apocalypse Dudes is the 1998 album from Norwegian band Turbonegro their fourth full-length. It was released on Virgin Records on Compact Disc in Norway on Boomba Records on 12 Vinyl & Compact Disc in Germany on Bitzcore Records on 12 Vinyl in Germany and on Man's Ruin/Sympathy for the Record Industry on 12 Vinyl & Compact Disc on January 26 1999 in the USA. It was re-released on January 27 2003 on Burning Heart Records in Sweden and on Epitaph Records in the USA.
 Anomalies is Cephalic Carnage's fourth full-length album. It was released on Relapse Records. A video was released for the album's single Dying Will Be the Death of Me. The song is a parody of American metalcore.Anomalies was released on CD and 12 vinyl format. It was recorded from November to December 2004.
 The Biz is a 1995 album by The Sea and Cake.
 Katya Chamma is the self-titled first studio album by Brazilian singer-songwriter Katya Chamma. It was released on 2003 by Independent record label. Its music incorporates a mix of Pop rock Blues and Música Popular Brasileira. The album features twelve composition (ten original compositions by Katya Chamma).The album received generally positive reviews from music critics.
 Where It All Begins is a 1994 studio album by The Allman Brothers Band. No One to Run With obtained the greatest amount of album-oriented rock airplay while Soulshine written by Warren Haynes gained success as a concert and fan favorite. Gregg Allman also started to confront his substance abuse problems in the past on songs such as All Night Train. This sold considerably better than its predecessor Shades of Two Worlds. In 1998 the album went Gold.
 Trash the Planet is the fourth studio album by Australian rock band Spy vs Spy produced by Craig Leon (The Ramones Blondie) and released through WEA in November 1989.
 Beware and Be Grateful is an album by Maps & Atlases released in 2012 by Barsuk Records.
 The Gathering Wilderness is the fifth studio album by Primordial released in 2005. It was their debut for the Metal Blade label. The digipak comes with a bonus DVD featuring a documentary detailing the making of the album. The album is in part dedicated to the memory of Quorthon.
 Dessert (pronounced in English) is the first and only studio album of the Japanese idol girl group Chocolove from AKB48. The album was released in November 21 2007 and is also available in two editions: a limited edition containing a photobook with 24 pages and a regular edition.
 15 Years: A Retrospective is the tenth Sons of the San Joaquin album. It contains three previously unreleased songs. According to the liner notes the previously released material was digitally re-mixed and re-mastered.
 Indispensable: The Best of Michael Franks is a jazz vocal album by Michael Franks released in 1988 with Warner Bros..
 Lochloosa is the second studio album by the Jacksonville Florida based band MOFRO. The album was inspired by Lochloosa Lake which embodies the natural part of the Florida heartland that the band often sings about in their songs.
 Whisper In Your Ear is an album by The Whispers released in 1979 on the SOLAR Records label. This album peaked at number 28 on the Billboard Soul Albums chart.
 Supersytem released in 1998 is the debut album by the Feelers. Since its release it has sold over four times platinum in the NZ Music Charts and is the winner of five NZ music awards in 1998. Singles include Pressure Man Venus Friend and Supersystem.
 Half the World Is Watching Me is the second album by Danish alternative rock band Mew released on their own record label Evil Office in 2000. The album was originally printed in about only 5000 copies but has been reissued twice for wider distribution. The reissued version released August 6 2007 includes a nine-track bonus disc. The original release and the 2007 reissue include a hidden track Ending.
 Radical Mestizo a live album by Shooglenifty was released in 2005 on the Compass Records label.
 Sound of Water (2000) is an album by Saint Etienne. At the time of release this album split the band's fanbase between those who preferred the more commercial song-based sound of Good Humor and singles like You're in a Bad Way and He's on the Phone from those who appreciated the band's new direction which was more experimental in nature.
 Inroads: New and Collected Works is a compilation Roy Montgomery released on February 13 2007 through Rebris Recordings. It couples seventeen previously released compositions with five newly recorded ones.
 Fallen Is Babylon is a 1997 album by Ziggy Marley & The Melody Makers. It won a Grammy award in the category of Best Reggae Album and achieved commercial success with its single People Get Ready produced by Michael Barbiero and Steve Thompson.
 Us-vs-Then-vs-Now is the 2 disc first full featured and second DVD by rock band Finger Eleven. It shows the bands career span in the past 13 years with never before seen concert footage b-sides from their writing sessions of Finger Eleven and Them vs. You vs. Me interviews music videos and video journals. It was first released on iTunes. The title is a pun on their album Them vs. You vs. Me. The bassline for the song Bend the Rules turns out to be for the song Them vs. You vs. Me.
 Here Today is Josh Woodward's first album released in 2004. The album was released under a Creative Commons license.
 All Guts No Glory is the fifth full-length album by death metal band Exhumed and the first since their 2010 reformation. It was released on July 5 2011 by Relapse Records. Dane Prokofiev of Popmatters said the album is capable of reminding you why Exhumed were and will continue to be revered as the gods of gore-themed death metal.
 Specter at the Feast is the seventh album by Black Rebel Motorcycle Club released on March 18 2013 in Europe and March 19 2013 in the US. It was released under the band's own record label Abstract Dragon through Vagrant Records. Unlike Beat The Devil's Tattoo the album wasn't produced by Michael Been who died after he suffered a heart attack mid-tour in 2010 while the band was playing at Pukkelpop.
 Ghost Story is the second album released by composer Phideaux Xavier.After completing Fiendish Xavier was convinced he now had the machinery in place to satisfactorily record his songs from the aborted album Ghost Story. He and drummer Rich Hutchins quickly reconvened to redo that album with Gabriel Moffat producing and mixing. The finished album was released in 2004 and saw Phideaux bring a harder rock and dance edge than his earlier albums.
 Anthology 3 is a compilation album by the Beatles released in October 1996 by Apple Records as part of The Beatles Anthology series.
 Things to Come from Those Now Gone is the third album by Muhal Richard Abrams which was released on the Delmark label in 1975 and features performances of seven of Abrams' compositions by Abrams with varying line-ups that include Wallace McMillan Edwin Daugherty Richard Brown Emanuel Cranshaw Reggie Willis Rufus Reid Steve McCall and Wilbur Campbell with vocals by Ella Jackson.
 Reformation Post TLC is a studio album by The Fall - the band's 26th released in the UK on February 12 2007. The album features Mark E Smith and his wife Elena with Tim Presley and Rob Barbato (of Darker My Love) Orpheo McCord (of The Hill) and Dave Spurr (of Motherjohn). Presley Barbato and McCord temporarily replaced Ben Pritchard Spencer Birtwistle and Steve Trafford all of whom left during an American tour in April 2006.
 Around the World with 80 Dollars is the second Mandarin album by Hong Kong Cantopop girl group Twins. It was released in June 2006 by EEG.The music video for 我很想爱他 (I Really Want to Love Him) features Taiwanese artist Danson Tang.The tracks 一时无俩 (One Time not Twice) and 我很想爱他 (I Really Want to Love Him) were nominated and 80块环游世界 (Around the World with 80 Dollars) won Top 10 Gold Songs at the Hong Kong TVB8 Awards presented by television station TVB8 in 2006.
 Northern Lights – Southern Cross is the sixth studio album by Canadian-American rock group The Band released in 1975. It was the first album to be recorded at their new California studio Shangri-La and the first album of all new material since 1971's Cahoots.
 Blood is a compilation album of dub music versions of songs from Tonight: Franz Ferdinand the third studio album from Scottish band Franz Ferdinand. It was released in June 2009 through Domino Records. In addition a limited edition vinyl version of 500 copies were sent to independent record stores in the United States to coincide with Record Store Day.
 Alla mina ansikten (All my faces) is the second studio album by Swedish singer/songwriter Nanne Grönvall released in April 2001. The album was re-released in March 2002 with a differently arranged track listing and the bonus track Ett vackert par a duet with Nick Borgen.
 Wild Birds: 1985–1995 is a compilation album of Peter Murphy's songs released in 2000. It includes his second Top 10 Modern Rock Tracks hit the Turkish-influenced The Sweetest Drop from 1992's Holy Smoke album.
 Breadcrumb Sins is an album by Jamie Saft which was released on the Tzadik label in 2002.
 Sad is the fourth Nels Cline Trio album. The album was recorded at New Zone Studio by Wayne Peet.
 Disney Girlz Rock Vol. 2 is a follow-up to the 2005 compilation of the same name. It includes some of the most popular Disney artists like Miley Cyrus Demi Lovato Vanessa Hudgens Ashley Tisdale and Selena Gomez as well as former Disney-turned-mainstream acts such as Hilary Duff and Aly & AJ. This album also contains a song by KSM. The CD was released on September 9 2008.
 Tir na n'Og is the debut album of the Serbian Irish folk/Celtic rock band Tir na n'Og released in 2006.
 Celebracion de los 25 Años de Juan Gabriel en Bellas Artes (Celebration of the 25 Years of Juan Gabriel in the Fine Arts) is the title of a live album. Recorded on August 22 1997 at the Palacio de Bellas Artes in Mexico City released by Mexican singer-songwriter Juan Gabriel on January 13 1998. This is a 2 disc live album.
 Streets is a compilation album of early British and French punk rock bands from a variety of independent record labels.
 Greatest Hits on Monument is a compilation album by American country artist Connie Smith. The album was released March 9 1993 on Sony Music Entertainment and was produced by Ray Baker. The album was collection Smith's singles and other tracks recorded during her three years at Monument Records (1977–1979).
 Sex Freak was the first EP released by singer and drag queen RuPaul. It was released exclusively on a 12 vinyl by Atlanta-based label Funtone Records. The EP features typical 1980s techno/dance tracks with mostly spoken word vocals. The EP was released on CD in 2007 also by Funtone Records.
 Feast is the debut album by British duo The Creatures (comprised by Siouxsie Sioux and musician Budgie then-members of the band Siouxsie and the Banshees). It reached number 17 in the U.K. charts and the Miss the Girl single peaked at number 21.Feast was originally released in May 1983 two years after the Wild Things EP. It was entirely remastered in 1997 and reissued as part of the A Bestiary Of compilation.
 Aesthetic is the debut EP by American rock band From First to Last released in 2003. It was the band's first release. Original pressings contain the band's original name First To Last but later pressings changed when the band added the From to the beginning of their name. In 2008 Aesthetic has become available again in the iTunes Store.
 You Think You Really Know Me is the debut album by American experimental music icon Gary Wilson. Originally self-released in 1977 (and re-released again in 1979) to little fanfare the album eventually gained a cult following. In the late 1990s Beck namechecked Wilson in one of his most popular songs (Where It's At). In 2002 You Think You Really Know Me was reissued by Motel Records.It is noted as being one of the weirdest and most influential albums released in 1977.
 Slušaj mater was Edo Maajka's debut album and achieved significant popularity especially in Bosnia. It was the first rap album to win the Davorin music award for best album of the year in that region.
 Local Hero is the début soundtrack album by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler released in March 1983 by Vertigo Records internationally and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States. The album contains music composed for the 1983 film Local Hero produced by David Puttnam and written and directed by Bill Forsyth. In 1984 the album received a BAFTA award nomination for Best Score for a Film.
 Chicken Noodles (sometimes referred to as Condensed Chicken Noodles) is a collaborative album by Buckethead and Travis Dickerson released in 2006. It was inspired by the track Cruel Reality Of Nature from Buckethead's album Population Override (on which Dickerson also collaborated) and was intended as a stripped down and very simplistic version of that song.
 Pink in Red is Bonnie Pink's first live album released under the Pinxter label on August 6 2003.
 Yo Ho! Poor You Little Me is an album by jazz saxophonist Frank Wess which was recorded in 1963 and released on the Prestige label.
 Untitled E.P. is an MP3 E.P. by the band Deerhoof self-released in 2006.
 Blind Eye Sees All is a concert video by the Butthole Surfers which was released on VHS tape in 1985 through Touch and Go Video.
 DJ Premier Presents - Get Used To Us is a compilation album by American hip hop DJ/record producer DJ Premier. The album was released on his Year Round Records on December 7 2010. It features collaborations from frequent DJ Premier's collaborators and a few new comers. The album was well received by critics.
 The Art of Self Defense is the debut album for High on Fire. It was released originally by Man's Ruin Records in 2000.
 Lofcaudio is the second full-length album by the Christian rock band Mastedon. It was released in 1990 by their own label Pakaderm Records and distributed by Word Inc. Long out of print it was reissued by Deep Music Distribution in 2006 in the form of digital downloads available from iTunes. The title derives from the name of a character in a children's book about a lion that could roar music.
 Postcards from Heaven is the second album released by UK duo Lighthouse Family in 1997 on Wildcard / Polydor Records. The album produced three Top 10 hits (Raincloud High and Lost in Space) and two Top 30 hits (Question of Faith and Postcard from Heaven). It reached 6 times Platinum status.
 Live in Tasmania is a live album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey released in 1981. It was his first live album release after 18 albums.
 Amerasia is an album by artist Terry Allen released in 1987 by Fate Records and reissued by Sugar Hill Records. It is the soundtrack to the film Amerasia by Wolf-Eckart Buhler.
 The Best of The Vines is a compilation album by The Vines and contains a selection of singles and album tracks from their first three albums released under Capitol Records. The band did not have a say in the release having been dropped by Capitol Records in 2007 however they picked the songs.
 Earth vs. The Pipettes is the second album from the British girl group The Pipettes and first album as a duo. Our Love was Saved By Spacemen was released as a viral video online and received generally positive reviews from websites such as PopJustice and PopMatters. Stop The Music their official first single from the album was released on 19 April 2010. Its music video was released on 23 March 2010.
 For the article on the death penalty see Capital punishment. For the professional wrestling event see WWE Capitol Punishment.Capitol Punishment: The Megadeth Years is a greatest hits album by heavy metal band Megadeth released in 2000 through Capitol Records. The album featured the Dave Mustaine/David Ellefson/Jimmy DeGrasso/Al Pitrelli line-up on the new tracks Kill the King and Dread and the Fugitive Mind.
 The Chrono series is a video game franchise developed and published by Square Enix (formerly Square). It began in 1995 with the time travel role-playing video game Chrono Trigger which spawned two continuations Radical Dreamers and Chrono Cross. The music of Chrono Cross was composed by Yasunori Mitsuda the main composer of Chrono Trigger and Radical Dreamers.
 Rien que pour ça... is the second album by the French singer Elsa Lunghini and was released in 1990.NB. Sound quality: ADD.
 Baltimore is an album by Nina Simone. After completing the album Nina expressed her dissatisfaction with it on numerous occasions mainly because she had no say in the arrangements selection of songs and the cover picture. Despite this critics were positive about the album and it gave a resurgence to Nina's then fading career.
 Racks is the thirty-eighth studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the eight installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series.The album was announced and released on September 20 2012 along with the following two Pike installments March of the Slunks and The Silent Picture Book.
 Lush Life is a Grammy Award-winning album by American singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt released in late 1984. It was the second in a trilogy of jazz albums with bandleader/arranger Nelson Riddle. John Kosh designed the album covers for all 3 albums.It peaked at #13 on the Billboard album chart and was certified platinum in just several weeks becoming Ronstadt's record tenth million-selling platinum album overall.
 Retaliate is Angerfist's third studio album. It is a 3CD album.
 Live From the Hotel Café is a 4-track EP by American pop-rock singer-songwriter Matt Hires released on October 7 2008 and reached the top 10 on iTunes' Top Singer/Songwriters Albums chart upon its release. The EP contained three live performances and one demo track which selected performances at the Hotel Café in Los Angeles.
 Sunny is a 1979 compilation album containing the works of American pop singer Neil Sedaka. It features some of Sedaka's works from 1958–1964 during his affiliation with the RCA studios. It was released in the UK and throughout Western Europe on the RCA Camden label.
 A Lady Named Smith is the twenty first album by American country music artist Connie Smith. The album was released in May 1973 on Columbia Records and was produced by George Richey. The album was Smith's first studio album for Columbia after departing from RCA Victor Records in 1972.
 Pretty Little Stranger is the fourth studio album by Joan Osborne. The album is her first release on the independent Vanguard Records label and has been her only album incorporating significant country influences. The record was released on November 14 2006.
 It's a Jungle in Here is an album released by experimental jazz fusion trio Medeski Martin & Wood.
 Glyph is an album released by Floater in May 1995. Engineered and mixed by the Grammy-nominated Drew Canulette (Nirvana Soundgarden Neil Young). Glyph received a preliminary Grammy nomination in the category of Best Alternative Performance. The album was initially intended to be an EP featuring leftover songs that never made it onto the Sink album. Later though additional tracks were added blending the entire album into one complete seamless audio experience.
 Nana Clips 5 is the 5th music video compilation from J-pop star and voice actress Nana Mizuki.
 Hits on DVD: Despina Vandi is the second video album by Greek singer Despina Vandi released in 2004 by Minos EMI in Greece and Cyprus. It features music videos from before she signed with Heaven Music and is a part of the series of compilations Hits on DVD.
 Say Wonderful Things was a 1963 LP album by Patti Page released by Columbia Records as catalog numbers CL 2049 (monaural) and CS 8849 (stereo). The album was Page's first LP for Columbia after her long and successful tenure on Mercury Records. The title song only reached #81 on the Billboard Hot 100 but was more successful in international markets such as Australia Hong Kong and Japan.
 Love Me in Black is an EP by German hard rock singer Doro Pesch released in Germany in 1998 by the WEA label. It was the first release by Doro with her new label after her split with Vertigo and preceded of a few weeks the eponymous album.
 Golden Down is the second studio album from American musician Willie Nile. It was first released in 1981 on vinyl by Arista Records. It was re-released on CD by Razor & Tie in 1992.
 Demos 1998 is the first compilation release by the band The Berzerker. It was released in 2000.
 Go! is the debut album by Cartman and was released January 14 2002 by Embryo Records and distributed by MGM Distribution.Scott Nicholls designed and produced the artwork for the album Go!. The East Perth Train Terminal was chosen as the location for the photo shoot accompanied by a small library of additional band photos taken throughout the bands career.Go! was selected as Triple J's Album of the Week.
 No One is the sole studio album by Chicago nu metal band of the same name. It was released on August 14 2001 via Immortal Records and produced by Johnny K who also worked with Chicago natives Disturbed and Soil. Neither the band nor their debut release gained any widespread commercial attention despite the album being classified under the once-popular nu metal genre. Two singles from No One were released in Chemical and Down on Me and received moderate radio play for a short time.
 Suzanne Vega is the 1985 eponymous debut album by Suzanne Vega. It was a well-received pop-music album by music journalists in the U.S. and reached platinum status in the United Kingdom. Produced by Lenny Kaye and Steve Addabbo the songs feature Vega's acoustic guitar in straightforward arrangements. A video was released for the album's song Marlene on the Wall which went into MTV and VH1's rotations.
 Clumsy is the major label debut album from the American band Samiam. Released in 1994 on Atlantic Records Clumsy is Samiam's fourth studio album. The band gained critical recognition for the album and landed a slot opening for Bad Religion on the Stranger Than Fiction tour.
 Alter is a 2002 album by Portland Oregon band Floater. Strong self-destructive motifs and a desire to return to an earlier time period are present in many of Alter's songs.
 Provoke is the third album of Dutch death metal band Altar. It was released in 1998 by Displeased Records.
 Greensleeves Rhythm Album #2: Virus is an album in Greensleeves Records' rhythm album series. It was released in March 2000 on CD and LP. The album features various artists recorded over the Virus riddim produced by the Madd Dawgz production team of Mikey Williams Tony Thomas and Delon Reid. The riddim contains elements of the international hit Baby One More Time by Britney Spears.
 Seasons is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Sevendust. It would be the band's final album with TVT Records and was dedicated to the memory of Reginald Whiterspoon (Lajon Witherspoon's younger brother) and Dave Williams (Drowning Pool's original singer).Seasons was for a time the band's last album with Clint Lowery as he left in 2004. Lowery would return to Sevendust in March 2008.A limited edition of Seasons was released.
 Premonition is Peter Frampton's ninth studio album and his follow up to 1982's Art of Control. This album featured one of Frampton's biggest hits from the 1980s Lying.
 The Lucius Beebe EP is a 5-song live mini-album by Trey Anastasio available free to customers who pre-ordered the album The Horseshoe Curve from Anastasio's website (www.trey.com). The EP features live versions of three songs from The Horseshoe Curve and two songs from Anastasio's 2004 classical release Seis De Mayo along with special guest appearances by Phish drummer Jon Fishman and jazz keyboardist John Medeski.
 Classics is a greatest hits album released by Hybrid. The album contains songs from Hybrid's previous studio albums and also contains a cover of Enjoy the Silence originally done by Depeche Mode. The cover was a result of a fan poll where fans could suggest songs for Hybrid to cover. The album was originally due for autumn 2011 but ended up being delayed until July 30 2012.
 Here You Come Again released in 1977 is the 19th solo studio album by Dolly Parton. The album included Parton's first significant crossover success the Grammy award-winning title single which scored #3 on the US pop singles charts during the early months of 1978. Both the album and title single also scored #1 on the US country music singles and albums charts respectively.
 Little Rock to Leipzig is a 1990 album by British folk-rock band Oysterband. The album is a mixture of live and studio recordings and is a mixture of traditional songs original recordings and covers of contemporary songs including I Fought the Law by Sonny Curtis and Gonna Do What I Have to Do by Phil Ochs.
 Here & Now: The Best Of Human Nature is a compilation album by Australian boy band and pop vocal group Human Nature released on 16 November 2001.
 24/7 is the debut solo album from Kevon Edmonds after he left the group After 7. Released on October 26 1999 via RCA Records the album peaked at #77 on the Billboard 200. The album's title track was the only hit on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at #10.
 Draconian Times is the fifth album released by British metal act Paradise Lost. Two tracks from the album The Last Time and Forever Failure were released as singles and have music videos. This album was played in its entirety on the band's live album Draconian Times MMXI. The song How Soon is Now? is also on One Second. This album was released with Shades of God & Icon in a boxed set called Original Album Classics.
 The Cannonball Adderley Sextet in New York is a live album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley recorded at the Village Vanguard and released on the Riverside label featuring performances by Adderley with Nat Adderley Yusef Lateef Joe Zawinul Sam Jones and Louis Hayes.
 Glare/Halo is a 2006 EP by the Montreal-based instrumental shoegaze band Destroyalldreamers released on Clairecord's affiliated project Claire's Echo and distributed by Tonevendor. It was released as a limited edition 12-inch vinyl record with only 300 copies available.
 Memories of You is a collection of traditional pop standards recorded by Bette Midler between 1973 and 2006. The compilation was released in 2010 in the United Kingdom and was certified silver by BPI.
 Totally Country Vol. 6 is an album in the Totally Hits series.Much like previous volumes in the Totally Country series this sixth volume contained recent country hits (roughly the latter half of 2005 to summer 2006) by the genre's biggest stars of the time including Brad Paisley Kenny Chesney Lonestar Montgomery Gentry George Strait and Blake Shelton and newcomers such as Sugarland and Carrie Underwood. Five of the tracks reached No.
 Sing Along with Los Straitjackets is the fourth studio album by American instrumental rock band Los Straitjackets released on September 25 2001 by Yep Roc Records. Contrary to their instrumental work of previous and subsequent years Sing Along with... contains vocal contributions from eleven singers on thirteen cover versions including Big Sandy (of Big Sandy & His Fly-Rite Boys) Raul Malo (of The Mavericks) and Mike Campbell (of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers).
 Monsoon is the fifth studio album and first major label album by American alternative rock band Caroline's Spine. It featured almost entirely songs that can be found on their previous independent releases but were re-recorded or remastered for this album. The single Sullivan climbed to #23 on Billboard’s Mainstream Rock chart as well as #14 on R&R’s Active Rock Chart. The success of this album also earned them a gig playing on board the United States Navy aircraft carrier USS Enterprise.
 Like Children is a collaborative album between two past members of the ground-breaking and highly influential Mahavishnu Orchestra keyboardist Jan Hammer and violinist Jerry Goodman. In 2006 this album was re-released on CD.
 The Hangover is the second solo album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Gilby Clarke released in 1997.
 The Needles the Space is the second album by Straylight Run. The first single from the album is Soon We'll Be Living in the Future. The Needles The Space debuted at #72 on the Billboard 200 chart garnering first week sales of over 9800.
 Punk-O-Rama is a compilation album released by Epitaph Records on November 18 1994. Featuring twelve bands from the label's roster the album was the first installment in the Punk-O-Rama series which continued until 2005.
 A Grounding in Numbers is a studio album by the British rock group Van der Graaf Generator. It was released on 14 March 2011. This date if written as 314 comprises the first three digits of the number π. The second track Mathematics refers to Euler's identity sometimes known as the mathematical poem.
 Tempo – Free Tempo - Unplugged Advanced Album (2008)Free Tempo is the third studio album from Tempo it was released on June 30 2009. Tempo – Victory (Free Tempo) (2009)
 In the Fishtank 9 is a compilation album of songs by the alternative rock bands Sonic Youth the Instant Composer's Pool Orchestra and The Ex. It was released in 2001 on the Konkurrent label.
 Seili is the second studio album by Finnish pop singer Jenni Vartiainen. It was released by Warner Music Finland digitally on March 31 2010 with the official physical release following on April 14. From March 31 to the official physical release date the album was sold at €19 in conjunction with Ilta-Sanomat. The album was re-released on January 14 2011 in a limited vinyl edition.
 The Duke is the fourth full-length studio album by Jørn Lande. It was released under his stage name Jorn.The album features Jorn's collaboration with two guitarists Jørn Viggo Lofstad and Tore Moren for the first time together. The two had worked with Jorn before although separately. While Moren played on Worldchanger Lofstad played on Out to Every Nation. The album also features former TNT and Vagabond bassist Morty Black and former The Snakes drummer Willy Bendiksen.
 The Platinum Collection is an album by American singer-songwriter Guy Clark released in 2008. Although the liner notes state that this album contains all twenty tracks from the 1978 album Guy Clark & the 1981 album The South Coast of Texas there are in fact 8 tracks from each album plus four from the 1992 album Boats to Build
 Your Little Secret is the fifth album by singer/songwriter Melissa Etheridge released in 1995. The album contained three singles Your Little Secret I Want to Come Over and Nowhere to Go. I Want to Come Over went on to reach #22 on the Billboard Hot 100 and Nowhere to Go peaked at #40.
 A Shared Dream is the debut Japanese studio album (third overall) by South Korean boy band U-KISS released in February 29 2012 by Avex Trax.
 Arrival is an album by Jordan Rudess recorded and released in 1988. It was released under the spelling of Jordan Rudes. This album is the first album to be released by Jordan Rudess. It was released only on Cassette tape and has not been rereleased since but can be purchased and downloaded as mp3 files from Rudess' website.
 Eos is the eleventh album by Norwegian jazz guitarist Terje Rypdal recorded in 1983 and released on the ECM label.
 On Tour Forever is a live EP album released by Blues Traveler in 1992. Only ten thousand copies were produced packaged as a double album with copies of the band's second album Travelers and Thieves.The first three tracks were recorded at The Palace Theater in New Haven Connecticut on October 30 1991.
 We Found It was an album by Porter Wagoner and Dolly Parton released in February 1973. The album was among their lower charting albums reaching # 20 on the U.S. country albums charts while the title single reached # 30 on the country singles charts.
 Tame Impala is the second EP by Australian psychedelic rock band Tame Impala. It reached number 1 on the Australian Independent Record Labels (AIR) Chart and number 10 on the ARIA Physical Singles Chart. Three singles were released from the EP: Desire Be Desire Go Half Full Glass of Wine and Skeleton Tiger. All three received national radio airplay on the Triple J network.Half Full Glass of Wine reached number 75 on the Triple J Hottest 100.
 The Fury of Our Maker's Hand is the second studio album by American heavy metal DevilDriver released on June 28 2005. It's the first Devildriver album to feature Guitarist Mike Sprietzer The album entered the Billboard charts at number 117 with sales of 10402. A special edition of the album was released on October 31 2006.
 iki is Värttinä's 11th album (9th studio album) released in 2003. It continues Värttinä's trend of having more original compositions while retaining a folk influence in the songs and their style.iki was released on February 28 2003 by BMG Finland in Finland to coincide with Värttinä's 20th anniversary concert in Helsinki.
 Sleep Armed was in 1988 the third full-length album by the Kalahari Surfers the recording identity of South African musician Warrick Sony. It has been called the best snapshot we have of South Africa at the time right down to the jacket photo of rich surfers on Umhlanga Roxx a posh White beach in Durban.
 Guy Clark is an album by Texas singer-songwriter Guy Clark released in 1978. It was his first on the Warner Bros. label.
 The Last Temptation is the fourth studio album by Ja Rule.This album contained singles such as Thug Lovin' (featuring Bobby Brown) Mesmerize (featuring Ashanti) and The Pledge (Remix) (by Ashanti featuring Nas Ja Rule and 2Pac). Murder Reigns was also released as a single titled Reign in select territories outside of North America such as Europe and Australasia. The song Pop Niggas gained some attention after it was reported to be talking in part about 50 Cent.
 Malo Soula (Serbian: A Little Bit of Soul) is a 1996 album by Serbian pop duo K2. It was released in spring 1996.The album contains 10 songs. The producers of all the songs off album were sisters Kovač themselves with Kristina being the main and Aleksandra a co-producer. The main single was Dabadamdam was released in December 1995. In total three songs were released off the album and for all of the singles were shot videos.
 Echo Echo is Carbon Leaf's fourth album. It was released in 2001 by the band's own label Constant Ivy Records.
 Mass Appeal Madness is an EP by Napalm Death. It was released in 1991 on Earache Records and is dedicated to the memory of Roger Patterson a member of the death metal band Atheist who died in the same year.
 Don't Play Us Cheap is the soundtrack to Melvin Van Peebles' Broadway musical Don't Play Us Cheap.
 Cool Bird is a compilation album released by Magnum Collectors of recording sessions undertaken during October-December 1947 by Charlie Parker's so-called 'classic quintet' for the Dial label featuring Parker Miles Davis Duke Jordan Tommy Potter and Max Roach. They are joined by J. J. Johnson on six of the 22 tracks.
 A Bad Wind Blows in My Heart is the second studio album by English musician Bill Ryder-Jones. It was released in April 2013 under Domino Records.
 Odyssey Number Five is the fourth studio album by the Australian rock band Powderfinger produced by Nick DiDia and released on 4 September 2000. The album was the band's shortest yet focusing on social political and emotional issues that had appeared in prior works especially Internationalist.The album produced four singles.
 Home and Away: The Sounds of Summer Bay is the second soundtrack to Australian soap Opera Home and Away released in 2000 in Australia.
 One Two Three Four Live! is the fifth album by popular children's entertainers Sharon Lois & Bram originally released in 1982. The recording was re-released in 1996 under the title In Concert. This is one of two Sharon Lois & Bram albums that has not been released onto CD. It is only available on Cassette and LP Record.
 Mindy Smith is the fifth album by country and folk artist Mindy Smith. This album is Smith's first independently released record.
 Half Moon Bay is a live album by jazz pianist Bill Evans with Eddie Gomez and Marty Morell recorded at the Bach Dancing and Dynamite Society in Half Moon Bay California in 1973 and released on the Milestone label in 1998.
 Late Night Tales: Matt Helders is a DJ mix album mixed by Matt Helders (Arctic Monkeys) released as part of Late Night Tales / Another Late Night DJ series.
 Ophelia's Shadow was the fourth solo album by Toyah Willcox and showcases a new direction in her work. Moving on from the experimental Prostitute it showcases a more progressive style of music.The album entered the American Import chart at number #12.[citation needed]It was reissued in 2003 via Toyah's own Vertical Species label.
 Blood on the Bricks is the fourth studio album by Canadian singer songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Aldo Nova for which he signed to Jon Bon Jovi's Jambco Records. It was his first album in 6 years. The album featured fewer outside writers than his previous record Twitch. The songs were mostly written by Nova and Jon Bon Jovi with help from Jim Vallance and Rick Hughes of Canadian metal band Sword.
 Generation is an album by saxophonist Dexter Gordon which was recorded in 1972 and released on the Prestige label.
 Crystal Tears is the third and final album by American country music singer Sheila Andrews released in 1982. Before Andrews committed
 Miroir is the fourth studio album by French Canadian singer Marie-Mai. The album was produced by Fred St-Gelais. Most of the French titles were recorded in the spring of 2012 with the exception of Sans Cri Ni Haine which was released as a promotional single in France on February 2012. 3 of the songs (Young & Wired Riptide and Heart Attack) were part of an English-language EP that was recorded in late 2010 but never released.
 The 20/20 Experience – 2 of 2 is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake. It was released on September 27 2013 by RCA Records. The album is considered the second half of a two-piece project being supplemented by his third studio album The 20/20 Experience (2013). Its lead single Take Back the Night was released on July 12 2013.
 The Panics is the second EP by The Panics released on July 5 2002 by littleBIGMAN Records. Like their first EP this release is self-titled.This Day Last Year was recorded by Steve Bond and Sid Eaton in April 2002 at their home in Highgate with the drums and bass recorded at Poons Head Fremantle by Rob Grant. How's It Feel and Ghost Song were recorded and mixed by Sid Eaton on Monmouth Street North Perth in May 2002.
 Chase the Clouds Away is the tenth album by jazz musician Chuck Mangione.
 Dumb Loud Hollow Twang is The Bambi Molesters' debut full-length album it was recorded in March 1997. The band wasn't satisfied with the recording quality and the album was re-recorded in hi-fi sound quality in September 2003 for the Dumb Loud Hollow Twang Deluxe remake-album.
 Australia: Sound of the Earth is an 1991 album from Steve Roach documenting Roach's second trip to Australia. David Hudson's didgeridoo and cellist Sarah Hopkins were also featured. It is somewhat ironic that one of the best Western-Aboriginal fusions has been the work of the highly regarded American ambient musician Steve Roach. - (Sydney Morning Herald)[citation needed] The album breathes heat the scorching breath of that red and rainless land.
 Afro/American Sketches is a jazz album by Oliver Nelson recorded in late 1961 and released in 1962. It is his first big band album as a leader.
 Majestical Parade is Nightmare's sixth full length studio album. Three different versions of this album were released: one with just the CD; one with a CD+DVD; and one with a CD+DVD and a photo book. The sixth song MELODY was released as a limited single download on the DWANGO homepage. The album reached #3 in the Oricon Charts.
 The World's Most Dangerous Party was Paul Shaffer's second album released as a double CD in July 1993. Assembled as if Paul and his band were playing live at a house party the album features the voices but not necessarily singing of many celebrities and recording artists like David Letterman Tony Bennett George Clinton Joan Jett Phil Spector Mike Myers Dana Carvey Jon Lovitz and Richard Belzer.
 The Biggest Prize in Sport is the third studio album by English punk/rock band 999. It peaked at #177 on the U.S. Billboard Album Chart. The album was re-released on CD in 1999 on Anagram Records.
 Colin James & The Little Big Band 3 is the tenth studio album by Canadian blues/rock musician Colin James and the third Little Big Band album with its swing/jive themes. It was released in 2006 (see 2006 in music).
 Live Session is a digital EP by British singer-songwriter Alessi's Ark. It features acoustic versions of four tracks from her debut album Notes From The Treehouse plus a cover of the Neva Dinova song Love From Below.
 Supernatural is the fifth studio album from DC Talk. It was the last album released by DC Talk that featured all-new studio material and it debuted on the US Billboard Chart at #4. The album was preceded by the best-selling album Jesus Freak and followed by Intermission: the Greatest Hits.
 What a Lemon is an album by Danish rock band Gasolin' released 1 August 1976 on Epic Records in the United States some parts of Europe Japan and Australia. It is the third of four albums with English lyrics that Gasolin' released between 1974 and 1978 in an attempt to break the international music market.
 Blast Off! was the second American release (the first being the self-titled 6 song EP) by the Japanese punk rock band The Blue Hearts. It was released in 1991 and only in America. Though each of the songs was recorded with the original Japanese lyrics the CD jacket included English translations of each of the songs.
 Footsteps in the Light is a compilation album of songs by Yusuf Islam (formerly known as Cat Stevens) spanning the years from 1981 to 2004 after his conversion to Islam.
 Heavenly Ecstasy is the fifth studio album by the Norwegian progressive metal band Pagan's Mind set to be released May 20 2011 in Germany May 23 in the rest of Europe and May 31 in the USA and Canada.
 Stills Alone is an album released in 1991 by Stephen Stills. The album features Stills on acoustic and electric guitar with minimal or no backing on the majority of the tracks. Amazonia features some percussion backing.Contemporary singer/songwriter Ray Lamontagne has noted in interviews that track ten on this album Treetop Flyer is the song that convinced him to pursue a career in music.
 Grandes Exitos del Cine de los Años 60 is a studio album recorded for the U. S.
 Simply Red Farewell – Live in concert at Sydney Opera House is a live album by Simply Red that was released on May 24 2011. It was recorded at the Sydney Opera House in October 2010 during the Farewell Tour 2009 in support of their compilation album 25: The Greatest Hits.The CD includes a DVD and Blu-ray Disc of the same concert but with 20 tracks.
 Famous Last Words is Hedley's second full length album released on October 30 2007 in Canada. It debuted at #3 in Canada upon release. In the USA the album is known as Never Too Late and only includes 8 tracks from the Canadian release and contains 5 tracks from Hedley which replace the missing tracks from Famous Last Words.
 Dick Vaughn's Moribund Music Of The '70s is a collection of recordings edited from a wealth of material broadcast on KPFA's Over the Edge radio show hosted by Don Joyce weekly and featuring members of Negativland as well as material recorded at a Live Negativland show just after the U2 Scandal. The recordings are broken up into two discs and within that contain bits and pieces of many different Over The Edge Shows.Everything centers around one recurring character that has made many appearances on Over The Edge that of radio personality Dick Vaughn. 
 Allow Me to Re-Introduce Myself also known as AMTRIM is a collaborative mixtape album by Canadian rapper Kardinal Offishall and American hip hop producer Nottz released June 15 2012. Originally recorded as a studio album they decided to release it as a free download for their fans.
 Nothing Else Matters is the third studio album by Marvin Sapp.
 Oops! Wrong Planet is an album released in 1977 by Todd Rundgren's band Utopia. It delivers a markedly trimmed down pop-oriented and somewhat cynical direction for the band following the perniciously optimistic and progressively influenced previous album Ra.Oops! peaked at #77 on the Billboard album chart in 1977.Love is the Answer later became a hit for England Dan & John Ford Coley charting #1 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary list in 1979.
 Theatre of the Vampires is a 1990 album by the band Lestat. This release was available only on cassette and is currently out of physical print. It wasn't until 2010 that the full album would be available through digital distribution. Theatre of the Vampires was originally released by Jevan Records. This release featured original members Peter and Richard who would leave the band before their next release in 1991 Grave Desires.
 Beyond the Pale is the second studio album by singer Fiona released in 1986 through Atlantic Records and reissued in 2004 through Wounded Bird Records.
 Chung King Can Suck It is a limited-pressing colored vinyl album by New York City band Judge containing the original version of what was to be the Bringin' It Down album. The title of the album is a direct insult to the Chung King recording studio in New York City (then known as Chung King House Of Metal).
 Ned Kelly is the soundtrack to the 1970 film about the Australian outlaw Ned Kelly. It features music written by Shel Silverstein and performed by Waylon Jennings and Kris Kristofferson and a solo track by Mick Jagger who played the title character.The soundtrack album was originally issued by United Artists Records in 1970 as UAS-5213 but reissued in 1974 as UA-LA300G. Rykodisc reissued this album in 1997 with added dialogue from the movie and multimedia files.
 Business as Usual is the debut album of Australian band Men at Work released in November 1981 in Australia and April 1982 in the US. The Australian release of the album included a black and white cover design; overseas releases had the same design but in a yellow and black color scheme.Business as Usual was one of the most successful albums internationally by an Australian group. It spent an unprecedented 15 weeks at No.
 Shirley Bassey is a 1961 album by Shirley Bassey her fifth studio album and her third with EMI/Columbia. Bassey was accompanied by Geoff Love and his orchestra and The Williams Singers (The Rita Williams Singers). The album spent eleven weeks on the charts beginning in February 1962 and peaking at #14.This album was issued in mono and stereo. The stereo version of this album was released on CD in 1997 by EMI.
 Noblerot is Ali Project's fourth studio album released on November 21 1998.
 How to Be a Megastar Live! is a live BD/DVD/CD by Blue Man Group. It was filmed in San Antonio Texas and featured the Texas-locale Blue Men with many other never-before seen performances. As an added bonus Saturday Night Live member Fred Armisen participated in the concert first in Rock Manual Infomercial and later in Mono: Save the Boxy TVs a special feature on the DVD. The DVD/CD/BD set was released from Blue Man Group Music and Rhino Records.
 Psalm 9 is the debut album by the American doom metal band Trouble released in 1984. The album was originally released eponymously and was renamed to Psalm 9 after the release of their fourth album which was their 1990 self-titled release.
 Saint Dymphna is the self-produced fourth studio album by American experimental music band Gang Gang Dance released in 2008 by The Social Registry. It received positive reviews from critics.
 Big Beach Boutique II is a mixed compilation album containing some of the songs which were played by British big beat musician Fatboy Slim and Midfield General in a live performance on Brighton Beach on July 13 2002. There is also a DVD release which features the mix set performed by Fatboy Slim called Big Beach Boutique II – The Movie.
 Boss Hog released in 1995 is the second full length album by the band Boss Hog.
 The Complete Studio Recordings is a box set compilation by guitarist Joe Satriani released on April 22 2014 through Legacy Recordings. It contains all fourteen of Satriani's studio albums recorded between 1986 and 2013 and also includes a bonus CD named Added Creations and Bonus Tracks which contains alternate takes remixes and one-off tracks.
 Party Fun Action Committee is a music group whose first and only album Let's Get Serious is a satirical comic hip hop album.
 We All Need a Reason to Believe is the second full-length studio album by American pop punk band Valencia. It was released in the United States on 26 August 2008. The album was the band's first on label Columbia Records after their first album was released on I Surrender. It was produced by Ariel Rechtshaid who has done projects for We Are Scientists and Plain White T's.
 Duck Rock is an album released by British impresario Malcolm McLaren In 1983. The album mixes up styles from South Africa Central and South America the Caribbean and the US including hip hop. The album proved to be highly influential in bringing hip hop to a wider audience in the UK. Two of the singles from the album (Buffalo Gals and Double Dutch) became major chart hits on both sides of the Atlantic. Duck Rock was dedicated to Harry McClintock better known as Haywire Mac.
 The Chapters Live is a live album by Canadian progressive rock band Saga. It compiles live recordings of The Chapters which were originally released over eight studio albums starting in 1978. The studio versions were originally released over a 25 year period in a mixed-up order to create a conceptual puzzle.The story was inspired by the Cold War and the preservation of Albert Einstein's brain which was kept by Thomas S. Harvey M.D.
 Birmingham Road is the debut album by American singer-songwriter Jeff Black released in 1998.Members of the band Wilco back Black on this album. Iris DeMent is also a guest singer.
 The Island of the Fay is an album by the electronic group Tangerine Dream. It was first revealed in late February 2011 and was released on March 18. A preview of Fay bewitching the Moon was released to the members who were part of the TDOC. This track features Hoshiko Yamane as a session musician. This album marks the beginning of the band's new Sonic Poems series.
 Destruction Time Again! is the second studio album by the Swedish progressive metal act Loch Vostok. Featuring guitarist Ron Jarzombek from Spastic Ink on the song Talk. Released in 2006 by Escapi Music.
 Yes is the eighth album by Mika Nakashima; it is the fourth album to be released under her own name. It also was the first of her albums to have been released in both a CD only and a CD+DVD Limited Edition format.
 Simple Pleasures is an album by American banjoist Alison Brown released in 1990. Produced by David Grisman and recorded with his David Grisman Quintet plus such stars as Mike Marshall Alison Krauss and Turtle Island String Quartet violoncellist Mark Summer this jazzy album delivers a hybrid-string sound with all tracks exclusively written by Alison Brown.
 Mi Sei Apparso Come Un Fantasma (English: You Came to Me as a Ghost) is a live album by Songs: Ohia. It was recorded at Barchessone Vecchio in Modena Italy on September 27 2000. The album received mixed reviews with a Metacritic score of 60.
 Skelliconnection is the second album by Canadian musician Chad VanGaalen. It was released on August 22 2006 on Flemish Eye (Canadian distribution) and Sub Pop (U.S. distribution). In addition to writing and recording the album VanGaalen performed almost all of the instruments and drew the album artwork.
 Free Kamal is a collaborative album by rapper Radioinactive and producer Antimc. It was released on Mush Records in 2004.
 Reich & sexy II: Die fetten Jahre (Rich & sexy II: The fat [successful] years) subtitled Ihre allergrössten Erfolge (Their biggest achievements ever) is Die Toten Hosen's second compilation album named after the first one. It was released as a single- or double-CD in a digipak. The cover is based on the cover of Reich & sexy.The first CD compiles the most important singles from 1995-2002 as well as two older songs and four new songs.
 Carnage Carnival is the fourth full-length album by Swedish doom metal band Memory Garden their first released on Vic Records. A bonus DVD is included with the CD with studio clips live clips and video for the title track.
 Live at Montreux is the nineteenth album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill a live album of a solo performance recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1975 and released on the Freedom label. The album features three of Hill's original compositions and one interpretation of a Duke Ellington tune.
 The Allman Brothers Band is the debut studio album by American rock band the Allman Brothers Band. Produced by Adrian Barber the album was released on November 4 1969 in the United States by Atco Records and Capricorn Records. The album was recorded and mixed in two weeks at Atlantic Studios in New York City. Much of the material presented was premiered live over the preceding months and combines jazz blues and country music to varying degrees.
 Santiago is an album by The Chieftains released through RCA Records in 1996. The album is dedicated to traditional music of Galicia the region in the northwest of Spain and also adaptation of Galician emigrants' musical folklore in Latin American music for example in the music of Mexico and Cuba. As Paddy Moloney noted in the CD's booklet Galicia is the world's most undiscovered Celtic country.
 The Live One is the title of a live album by folk singer/guitarist Greg Brown. It was recorded at JR's Warehouse Traverse City Michigan in June 1994.
 Re-Rapped by Request is the fifth album by Pittsburgh pop/rock band the Jaggerz released in 2001. It contains their most requested songs.
 Technology is the first album of the Melodic death metal band Crimson Death. It was recorded in 2001 but due to financial problems of the record label it was released in 2004 by Mythic Metal Productions.
 The Remix Album is an album by Champion released in 2006 on Saboteur Records. The album collects remixes by various Canadian musicians of tracks from Champion's 2004 debut album Chill'em All.The album was nominated for Dance Recording of the Year at the 2007 Juno Awards but lost to Tiga's album Sexor.
 Päivä on nuori is the second solo studio album by a Finnish reggae artist Raappana. Released on 3 October 2007 the album peaked at number 18 on the Finnish Albums Chart.
 As I Am is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records in 1988. The album peaked at number 29 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.The album received a mixed review in People which said that This album thank goodness has no hint of the Disco Annie mode that has crept into some later Murray albums but added that it was listless.
 Come On Pilgrim is the debut mini-LP release by the American alternative rock band Pixies. Produced by Gary Smith the album was released in September 1987 by 4AD.
 Ten Years Down is Third Eye Blind's 10th Anniversary Shows at The Fillmore in San Francisco CA. The concert was taped as a 90-minute edited performance originally shown on HDNET of the band's two night sold out performance at The Fillmore in San Francisco. Although originally promised to be distributed in the DVD format it has never been released.
 All Night Long: An Introduction is a compilation album by the British hard rock band Rainbow released in 2002.All songs are studio cuts save for a live version of All Night Long which was recorded at Rainbow's headlining appearance at the very first Monsters of Rock festival at Castle Donington England in 1980. This recording had not been available on CD prior to this release.
 Pop-up is the debut album by French electropop trio Yelle. It was released on 3 September 2007 by the EMI-owned label Source Etc. The album peaked at number sixty-one in France where it was certified silver by the Syndicat National de l'Édition Phonographique (SNEP) for sales in excess of 35000 copies.
 Daleth of Elphame EP is a 2002 EP by The Orb released on Badorb.com. It was the only EP/single released by Badorb.com on CD.
 Hellbound is the second album by German Heavy Metal band Warlock released in 1985.
 Mirage was recorded as an album by Eric Burdon and The Eric Burdon Band in 1973 during the Mirage Project. It was not released until 27 February 2008 by Universal.Four Mirage sessions were released as a bootleg.On 27 February 2008 Universal and Polydor released 9 Eric Burdon albums some re-issues some unreleased tracks.Mirage was scheduled to release by Atlantic on June 1974. It never did.
 Henry's Dream is the seventh album released by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds in spring 1992.This album remains a big favourite amongst Bad Seeds fans although Nick Cave himself was reportedly unhappy with the production by David Briggs. Briggs preferred a live-in-the-studio method he had used with Neil Young.
 Good Thang is the second album by American funk band Faze-O released in 1978.
 Heavy is the debut studio album by the rock band Iron Butterfly released in early 1968. Most of the songs are strikingly simple based on two or three riffs.
 Lifemask is the sixth album by English folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper and was first released in 1973 by Harvest Records.
 White Heart is the first album by the contemporary Christian music band White Heart and the band's only album with Steve Green on vocals.
 First Shot is the debut studio album by German pop-duo Some & Any released by Warner Music on 18 December 2009 in German-speaking Europe following the band's formation on German television casting-show Popstars Du & Ich. The album includes the band's debut single Last Man Standing songs performed by former contestants during the show songs written by and featuring Michelle Leonard and songs produced by Alex Christensen.
 Rite² is an ambient music album by Julian Cope released in 1997. It is technically Cope’s fourteenth solo album but is also the follow-up to the earlier album Rite (released in 1992 and credited to Julian Cope & Donald Ross Skinner) and is the second in the Rite series.For Rite² Cope collaborated extensively with synthesizer player Thighpaulsandra (Coil Spiritualized) although the album was credited to Cope alone.
 Tiempo de Vals (English: Waltz Time) is the fifth studio album by Puerto Rican singer Chayanne released on August 7 1990. The album was the third released on the Sony Music label and featured successful singles four singles that reach on Billboard's Hot Latin Tracks chart: Completamente Enamorados (that peaked #1 on that chart for five weeks) Daría Cualquier Cosa Simon Sez (which was the first song by Chayanne ever recorded in English) and Tiempo de Vals.
 Mars Polaris — Deep Space Highway To Red Rocks Pavilion is an album by electronic group Tangerine Dream. It was originally released in 1999 and re-released in 2009. All the tracks appeared on their live album Rocking Mars which was released in 2005 with 4 extra tracks. It was recorded at Stadthalle in Osnabrück. One of the encores Ça Va - Ça Marche - Ça Ira Encore had its own single which was released in 1998.
 Dylanesque is a 2007 album by Bryan Ferry Roxy Music´s frontman. It is an album of covers of Bob Dylan songs. As of 11 July 2007 it has sold 11985 copies in the US and has reached the top 10 on both UK and Swedish album charts.
 Open For Business is the debut album from American rapper Timz released in 2006.
 Begin Again is the title of the third album by the Christian trio Nutshell. Its title refers to the fact that previous members Pam Thiele and Heather Barlowe had left the group to be replaced by Annie McCaig and Mo McCafferty. As ever the group's output was based on Paul Field's songwriting talents.
 My Gift to You is the second published album and third studio album by Christchurch soprano Hayley Westenra. The album was released only in New Zealand and Australia. It was published by the Universal New Zealand label in 2001.Westenra chose favourite Christmas and seasonal songs in this album featuring guests such as Annie Crummer Sophie Westenra.
 Dinah Sings Bessie Smith is a 1958 album by blues R&B and jazz singer Dinah Washington released on the Emarcy label and reissued by Verve Records in 1999 as The Bessie Smith Songbook. The album arrangements are headed by Robare Edmondson and Ernie Wilkins and the songs are associated with American blues singer Bessie Smith.
 Motion is an album by jazz saxophonist Lee Konitz recorded in 1961 for Verve Records. It features drummer Elvin Jones and bassist Sonny Dallas. It is regarded by many as Konitz's finest album. The 1990 CD issue expanded the number of tracks from five to eight; a 1998 release then expanded this to 38 although most of the additional tracks were from different recording sessions.
 Down Home is a recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins.After releasing the smooth pop and easy listening albums Chet Atkins' Workshop and The Most Popular Guitar Chet returned to his roots with Down Home. The album peaked at No. 31 and returned Atkins to the Top 40. It includes two of Chet's signature tunes Windy and Warm and Trambone.
 Sorrowburn is the debut album of the Finnish gothic metal band Charon. The style of the album is markedly different from most of Charon's music - the tentative foray into death metal territory evident on Sorrowburn was not to last and the band soon found their sound naturally transforming into more a contemporary rock-metal style in their later albums.
 Corridor of Mirrors is Prometheus's (Benji Vaughan) second album.
 If You Wait is the debut studio album by English electronic music band London Grammar. It was released on 9 September 2013 on Metal & Dust Recordings while being distributed by Warner/Chappell and Columbia Records. Four singles have been released from the album: Metal & Dust Wasting My Young Years Strong and Nightcall. The album debuted at number two the UK Albums Chart selling 33130 copies in its first week.
 Lovecraft & Witch Hearts is a compilation album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth and their first release following 2001's Bitter Suites to Succubi.
 The soundtrack to the third in the Crow film series The Crow: Salvation album is once again compiled and produced by Jeff Most. As with the soundtrack to The Crow: City of Angels Salvation includes an otherwise unavailable cover version by Hole: this time of Bob Dylan's It's All Over Now Baby Blue.
 Screaming Life is the debut EP by the American rock band Soundgarden released in October 1987 through Sub Pop Records. Screaming Life was later combined with the band's next EP Fopp (1988) and released as the Screaming Life/Fopp compilation album in 1990.
 Tanya is an album released in 2002 by Tanya Tucker on her own Tuckertime label.The highest charting Billboard Country Single was the #34 A Memory Like I'm Gonna Be. Other noteworthy songs include Old Weakness (Coming On Strong) (a minor Billboard #49 Country Single) and I Can Live Without You (But Not Very Long) and I Can Do That. The album peaked at #39 on the Country Albums chart.Two of this album's tracks — Old Weakness (Coming On Strong) and Over My Shoulder — were originally recorded by Patty Loveless on her 1994 album When Fallen Angels Fly. 
 Blake & Rice is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake and bluegrass guitarist Tony Rice released on February 14 1992. It is their first album together. They would team up again for Norman Blake and Tony Rice 2 that same year.
 The Platinum Collection is the first greatest hits collection of American singer Laura Branigan that was released posthumously. It was released only in the United Kingdom on July 24 2006 however is available as an import in other regions. The album is part of the Warner Platinum series released by Rhino Records.
 Chastity is the first soundtrack album by American singer-actress Cher released on June 1969 by Atco. It was released to promote and accompany the 1969 motion picture Chastity. The album like the film from which it came was a commercial failure.[citation needed]
 Mission is the second album from UK ska punk band Jesse James. It was released by Golf Records on 22 October 2003. The album was recorded in San Francisco and produced by Ryan Greene.
 Big & Rich's Super Galactic Fan Pak 2 is the second EP and DVD set released by the American country music duo Big & Rich. The compilation released in late 2008 is a followup to their 2004 EP/DVD combo Big & Rich's Super Galactic Fan Pak. This set is composed of a three-song CD and a live DVD featuring a full-length concert.Big Kenny later included Find a Heart as To Find a Heart on his 2009 solo album The Quiet Times of a Rock and Roll Farm Boy.
 Non-Fiction is the second album from Hip Hop duo Black Sheep. The album was not nearly as successful as A Wolf In Sheep's Clothing. The album featured a few minor hip-hop hits Without a Doubt and North South East West. Affiliated group the Legion made a guest appearance on the track We Boys.
 Head to the Sky is the 4th studio album by Earth Wind & Fire released in 1973. Their second album on Columbia Records Head to the Sky was EWF's first commercially successful album and it has been certified platinum in the United States for sales of over a million copies by the RIAA.
 Fair Warning is the fourth studio album by American hard rock band Van Halen. Released in 1981 it sold more than two million copies but was still the band's slowest-selling album of the David Lee Roth era. Despite the album's commercially disappointing sales Fair Warning was met with mostly positive reviews from critics.The cover artwork features a detail from The Maze a painting by Canadian artist William Kurelek which depicts his tortured youth.
 Dion chante Plamondon (meaning Dion sings Plamondon) is an album by Canadian singer Céline Dion released on November 4 1991. It is her 15th French-language album and 16th in total. In Europe it was renamed Des mots qui sonnent (meaning Words That Sound (literally) or Words with Meaning (idomatically)).
 (Ne) Polnoye sobraniye sochineniy (Russian: (Не) Полное собрание сочинений means '(In)complete collected works') is a greatest hits album by the Russian ska punk band Leningrad.
 Nena feat. Nena is the twelfth studio album of German pop singer Nena. Also called 20 Jahre Nena (20 Years of Nena) and 20 Jahre—Das Jubiläums-Album (20 Years—The Anniversary Album) it contains new versions of her hits some of them duets with other singers including Kim Wilde on Anyplace Anywhere Anytime Joachim Witt on Wunder gescheh'n (Miracles Happen) and Udo Lindenberg on Jetzt bist du weg (Now You're Gone). The album was first released with a red cover in 2002.
 Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album by country music singer Gretchen Wilson. It was released on January 19 2010 via Columbia Nashville. The album features all of Wilson's top 40 hits and a live cover of Heart's 1977 hit Barracuda. The album's release was announced after Wilson had parted ways with Columbia Nashville in mid-2009 to begin her own record label Redneck Records.
 Harmonies for the Haunted is the second album by indie rock band Stellastarr. It was released in the United States on September 13 2005.The song Sweet Troubled Soul featured in film Aquamarine (2006).
 Uprising is a 1980 reggae album by Bob Marley and the Wailers. Marley died the following year and Uprising was thus the final studio album released during his lifetime. This album is one of Marley's most directly religious with nearly every song addressing his Rastafarian beliefs culminating in the acoustic folk classic Redemption Song.Uprising peaked at #41 on Billboard's (North America) Black Albums chart and #45 on the Pop Albums chart.
 West Side Story (Original Broadway Cast) is the 1957 recording of a Broadway production of the musical West Side Story. Recorded 3 days after the show opened at the Winter Garden Theatre the recording was released in October 1957 in both mono and stereo formats. In 1962 the album reached #5 on Billboard's Pop Album chart. It certified gold by the RIAA on January 12 1962. The album was reissued in 1973 and made its first appearance on CD in 1986.
 Yo Soy (In English I Am) is the debut album by Mexican singer-songwriter Mariana Ochoa released by EMI Music in Mexico on September 3 2004. It was produced by Jay Jay for Murlyn Music AB Pepvert for The Pop Garage and Gustavo Menendez. It sold more than 50000 copies in Mexico.
 Meet the Blue Hearts was the first compilation album released by the Japanese band The Blue Hearts. It includes many of their hits from their time with the Meldac Records label and live records from their tour of America.
 Storm Chaser is an EP recorded by synthpop duo Erasure. It was released in the UK and Germany by Mute Records on 24 September 2007 and a North American release followed on October 2.The EP is available on CD limited edition 7-inch vinyl and digital download.Storm Chaser contains nine tracks including new extended and remix versions of songs taken from the band's 2007 album Light at the End of the World. Also included is the song Early Bird a collaboration with Cyndi Lauper.
 Greatest Love Songs is a compilation album by Joe Cocker released in 2003 (see 2003 in music).
 HQ is the eighth studio album by English folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper. It was first released in 1975 by Harvest Records. In the USA the album was released under the title When An Old Cricketer Leaves The Crease which is also the name of the LP's most popularly known track.
 Civilization and Its Discotheques is the sole LP release of Los Angeles art rock band The Fibonaccis released in 1987 on Blue Yonder Sounds. The album's title is an obvious reference to Sigmund Freud's 1929 book Civilization and Its Discontents.Like all of the Fibonaccis' work Civilization and Its Discotheques is out of print though the album is currently available for download on the band's official website.
 Marcia Griffiths & Friends is a studio album by a Jamaican reggae female singer Marcia Griffiths released on October 30 in 2012 under VP Records. No other female vocalist has charted hits in as wide a range of styles in the genre and the album was released as a tribute to this great lady Marcia Griffiths a one of a kind of performer with a truly unique history in the music.
 Feels is the sixth studio album by American indie band Animal Collective released in October 2005 by FatCat Records. Initial copies contained a bonus disc of live material. It also appeared at #55 on Pitchfork Media's top 200 albums of the 2000s (decade).
 Elvis istuu oikealla is the fifth studio album by Finnish singer and songwriter Olavi Uusivirta. Released on 14 March 2012 (2012-03-14) the album peaked at number seven on the Finnish Albums Chart.
 Romance in the Night is a soft rock album of mostly covers by José Feliciano. It was released after the return of his historic hit producer Rick Jarrard on the Motown label in 1983. The track Let’s Find Each Other Tonight” (a Feliciano original) was his first single to make the Country charts and was played by the same José Feliciano live on the 1996 movie Fargo by the Coen brothers .
 Bass Communion V Muslimgauze is a CD of remixes of Muslimgauze material by Bass Communion. Additional remix material was released on Bass Communion V Muslimgauze EP.This material was written played and recorded 1996/97.The final mix and edit was in 1999.[1]The initial pressing in September was limited to 600 copies. The album received its second pressing in August 2000.
 The soundtrack album for Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind was released by Hollywood Records on March 16 2004. It features the score composed by Los Angeles musician Jon Brion as well as songs from artists E.L.O. The Polyphonic Spree The Willowz and Don Nelson. Beck in a collaboration with Jon Brion provides a cover version of the Korgis' Everybody's Got to Learn Sometime. Many of the vocal songs either revolve around memories or the sun.
 Old School Prankstas is the debut album by New Zealand hip-hop group 3 The Hard Way released in 1995.
 On a Mission was released in Europe in 2001 to coincide with a Buck-O-Nine tour of the UK. It features tracks from Songs in the Key of Bree Barfly and Water in My Head.
 Syncopated City is fourth studio album and sixth album overall by liquid funk act London Elektricity. It was released on LP on September 1 2008 on CD on the September 26 2008 and via digital download a day later.
 Lonely Road is the seventh solo album by Denny Laine.
 Greatest Hits is an album by American country music singer Gary Allan. It was released on March 6 2007 on the MCA Nashville label and has been certified gold by the RIAA. The album includes the greatest hits from his first six studio albums along with two new songs A Feelin' Like That and As the Crow Flies. The former was released as a single reaching number 12 on the Hot Country Songs charts in 2007.The album debuted at number five on the U.S.
 Whisper Supremacy is the third album by Canadian technical death metal band Cryptopsy. It is the first album to feature vocalist Mike DiSalvo and the only album to feature guitarist Miguel Roy.On the US release the band logo is in the upper left whereas on the German (European) release it is larger and centred.
 The Scattering of Ashes is the fourth full-length studio album by the Canadian heavy metal band Into Eternity. It was released on 3 October 2006 by Century Media Records.It is the first album to feature vocalist Stu Block and bassist Troy Bleich.
 Underneath is a studio album by The Verve Pipe released on September 25 2001. Produced by Fountains of Wayne and Ivy band member Adam Schlesinger the album's power-pop sound was a departure from the darker textured sonics of The Verve Pipe and Villains.
 Mr. Dress Up was a Canadian children's album spin-off of the TV series Mr. Dressup. Performed by Ernie Coombs (as his TV character Mr. Dressup) and Judith Lawrence (as the puppet character Casey) it was recorded in Studio G at CBC Toronto. The recording engineers were Stan Horobin and Bruce Ritchie and its executive producer was Jury Krytiuk. All music for the album was arranged and conducted by Donald Hines.
 Rock for the King is a 1986 heavy metal album released by the Christian metal band Barren Cross.
 Black & White 050505 is Scottish rock group Simple Minds' fourteenth studio album released in the UK on 12 September 2005.It is the second Simple Minds studio album (the first one being Neapolis) not officially released in the US.The song The Jeweller Pt. 2 is a reworked re-recorded version of Jeweller to the Stars from the semi-canceled album Our Secrets Are The Same.The recording sessions for the album ended on 5 May 2005 hence the number in the album's title.
 Looking In is the sixth album by the band Savoy Brown.It was released by Decca in 1970. For release in the USA and Canada tapes were leased to Parrot Records.
 Perfektan dan za banana ribe (trans. A Perfect Day for Bananafish) is the first and the only album by the Serbian rock band Talas. The album was printed in 3000 copies and is available on LP only since the album has not been reissued on CD.
 The Official National Lampoon Stereo Test and Demonstration Record was a comedy album in vinyl LP format which was put out by National Lampoon magazine in 1974. The album was a parody of stereo test and demonstration records which were used by hi-fi enthusiasts to test the performance limits of their audio systems. The tracks are titled as if they are normal audio test tracks but in reality each one is a piece of sketch comedy.
 After Hours at the London House is a 1959 live album by American jazz singer Sarah Vaughan recorded at The London House Chicago.
 49:00 (styled 49:00... Of Your Time Life) is the seventh official solo album by Paul Westerberg. The album was originally slated for a release on July 19 2008 (marketed as June 49) but digital distribution problems delayed its release until July 21.The album is a single track that was sold on Amazon.com's Amazon MP3 service for 49 U.S. cents.
 Dangerously in Love is the debut studio album by American recording artist Beyoncé released on June 20 2003 by Columbia Records. During the recording of Destiny's Child third studio album Survivor (2001) the group announced that they would produce solo albums to be released. Recording sessions for the album took place from March 2002 to March 2003 at several studios during the hiatus of her then-group Destiny's Child.
 Woman of the World / To Make a Man is a 1969 studio album by American country music singer-songwriter Loretta Lynn.This was Lynn's second album of 1969 released on Decca Records. The album was named after the two singles spawned from it. The lead single Woman of the World (Leave My World Alone) went to #1 in 1969 and became Lynn's third #1 of her career (she would have 16 #1s).
 Falling Forward is an album by Christian rock musician Margaret Becker released in 1998 by Sparrow Records.
 The Brooklyn Bronx & Queens Band is the debut album by the disco/R&B band B. B. & Q. Band.
 Gimme Indie Rock is a 7 EP by Sebadoh released in 1991. First pressing comes on clear vinyl and black vinyl. Later reissued on translucent green vinyl and on marbled gray vinyl. The EP was included in its entirety on the reissued version of Sebadoh III.
 Teddy was the third album by R&B crooner Teddy Pendergrass released on June 23 1979. It included more bedroom ballads comparable to Marvin Gaye's Midnight Love.Two singles were released from the album: Turn Off the Lights which reached US Pop #48 and #2 on the R&B charts and Come Go With Me which reached #14 R&B.The album was nominated for an American Music Award Favorite Soul/R&B Album in 1980 and 1981.
 South of the Border is an album by the David Murray Big Band released on the Japanese DIW label. Recorded in 1992 and released in 1993 the album features performances by Murray Rasul Siddik James Zoller Hugh Ragin Craig Harris Frank Lacy Al Patterson Vincent Chancey Kalil Henry John Purcell Patience Higgins Don Byron Sonelius Smith Fred Hopkins Tani Tabbal and Larry McDonald conducted by Lawrence Butch Morris.
 John Phillips (John the Wolf King of L.A.) is the first solo recording by the Mamas & the Papas leader John Phillips. All songs were Phillips originals dealing mostly with recent events in Phillips' life including references to his new girlfriend Geneviève Waïte and longtime friend Ann Marshall (April Anne). The backing musicians included members of Wrecking Crew. Today the album receives favorable reviews from fans and critics alike.
 Up Against It is the fifth album by West London Post punk and Indie band The Times released in 1986.
 Right or Wrong is the second album by American country music singer Rosanne Cash. It was released in February 1980 via Columbia Records. The three highest charting Billboard country tracks were Couldn't Do Nothin' Right at #15 No Memories Hangin' 'Round a duet with Bobby Bare at #17 and Take Me Take Me at #25.
 These Hopeful Machines is the Grammy-nominated sixth studio album by American electronic musician BT. Released on February 1 2010 the album sees collaborations with the likes of JES Rob Dickinson Christian Burns and Kirsty Hawkshaw also featuring a cover of The Ghost in You by The Psychedelic Furs. While some of the songs go beyond 10 minutes in length the album spans two discs with six tracks on each.
 Scenes from Hell is the eighth full-length studio album by the Japanese extreme metal band Sigh. It is the band's first full-length recording to feature Dr. Mikannibal. On October 15 2009 the band posted the album cover and set January 19 2010 as the official release date.A music video was released for the song Prelude to the Oracle.
 Break Down Barriers was an EP released by San Francisco new wave group Translator in 1983. The 3 tracks from this record were included as bonus tracks on the No Time Like Now CD release.In 1996 many Beatles fans mistook this EP's take of the instrumental Cry for a Shadow for a new recording by the Fab Four from the Anthology sessions. Coincidently the EP's producer David Kahne would later produce records for Beatle Paul McCartney.
 A Night in Tunisia is a 1957 jazz album released by Art Blakey & the Jazz Messengers on the RCA Victor subsidiary label Vik.
 Roll On Dreamer is a folk/rock album by Johnny Coppin released in 1978 his debut solo album following his time with Decameron. Like the subsequent Coppin solo albums it includes cover versions as well as Coppin originals and settings of Gloucestershire poetry.The album was produced and engineered by John Acock and recorded at Millstream Studios Cheltenham during May and June 1978.
 Now That You Are a Dancer is the second studio album by Scottish indie pop band Kid Canaveral released on 4 March 2013 by Scottish independent label Fence Records. The album was preceded by the single Low Winter Sun on 17 December 2012 and promotional single The Wrench on 11 February 2013.
 Moonlighting is the debut album by the contemporary jazz ensemble The Rippingtons. It was released in 1986 on the GRP label and reached #5 on Billboard's Jazz chart.This is also the first appearance of the Jazz Cat on the album cover by artist Bill Mayer. The Jazz Cat has since been on the cover of every Rippingtons album.
 Teatro is a studio album by Willie Nelson released in September 1998 via Island Records.
 I Stoled This Record is the second album from country music parodist Cledus T. Judd. His highest-selling album to date it has been certified gold in the United States although none of its singles charted. As with his previous album this one features parodies of several country songs (and a parody of Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer) as well as some original tunes.
 Secrets is an album recorded by British synthpop band The Human League. It was issued in 2001 by Papillon Records and was the Human League's first studio album in six years. As with their previous album Octopus the band was presented as a trio of singers Philip Oakey Joanne Catherall and Susan Ann Sulley (credited by her married name Susan Ann Gayle which she would later drop professionally in October 2007) although band member Neil Sutton also contributed songwriting and keyboard parts.
 Happy Neon is an EP by British singer Neon Hitch. It was released on 14 January 2013 exclusively for free on Billboard.com. Hitch released a music video for the song ''Pink Fields'' on 6 March 2013 and a video for ''Midnight Sun'' on 24 April 2013.
 Six String Prayers is the first collaboration between Bob Bennett and John Standefer. Bob mostly sings and John mostly plays guitar but they do each both play or sing on some tracks (see personnel notes below).
 Looking Through You is the debut album by British pop band The Yeah You's released by Island Records on 28 September 2009.Looking Through You has already spawned two singles the first 15 Minutes and the second single Getting Up With You which was released on 14 September 2009.
 Shadows is the ninth studio album by British alternative rock band Teenage Fanclub released on 31 May 2010 on the band's own PeMa label in Europe and on Merge Records in North America. It is the band's first new album release in five years. The album contains twelve songs: four written by Gerard Love four by Norman Blake and four by Raymond McGinley.
 Eccsame the Photon Band is a 1994 album by the American indie rock band Lilys released on the spinART label. The album saw the band move towards dream pop. The album was recorded at Mike Deming's Studio 45 in Hartford Connecticut largely as duo of Kurt Heasley and Harold Evans (of Poole).
 Monologue is the second full Length album by the Hungarian rock band The Idoru. The album was released in 2006.
 Eleanor McEvoy is the 1993 studio album debut of Eleanor McEvoy released on Geffen Records.
 Uh-oh is the sixth studio album by American rock group Cowboy Mouth.
 The Long Road Home – In Concert is a DVD and double live album by American singer-songwriter John Fogerty released by Fantasy Records in 2006 (see 2006 in music). The DVD was released on June 13 with the live album following on October 31. The album featured many songs from the 2005 compilation The Long Road Home.
 Noregs vaapen is the fifth full-length album and 12th release from Norwegian black metal band Taake.
 Greatest Hits is the third compilation/greatest hits album from Jars of Clay that was released on April 1 2008. This compilation follows 2001's Jar of Gems which was released to the Singapore market and 2007's The Essential Jars of Clay.
 Let It Breed is the third album by noise rock band The Honeymoon Killers released in 1986 through Fur Records.
 Recycled is the sixth album from English progressive rock band Nektar. It is a concept album addressing the band member's concerns about the environment. The songs on side one tell the tale of a nightmarish future in which only recycled energy remains while the songs on side two revolve around more present-day concerns about tourism despoiling untouched wilderness.
 One Step Beyond is an album by American saxophonist Jackie McLean recorded in 1963 and released on the Blue Note label. This is is the first of two albums where McLean replaced the usual pianist with a vibraphone player. As a result One Step Beyond features a new sound that while still rooted in hard bop was more spacious and adventurous than his earlier work and leaned towards post bop and free jazz. The CD release contains one alternate take as a bonus track.
 Only the Very Best is the fourth Contemporary Christian Music album by Steve Camp. This is a compilation of songs from his previous three albums with Myrrh released as Camp was preparing to move to the Sparrow label.
 The Digital Appetizer is a digital EP by humor-core band Psychostick released digitally May 11 2010.The band describes The Digital Appetizer as A nice little follow up to Sandwich this digital only EP entitled The Digital Appetizer was written and recorded late 2009 and early 2010. We here at Psychostick have big plans with recording more music and we hope this release is the first of many.
 As the Angels Reach the Beauty is the second studio album by the Melodic death metal band Graveworm released on 26 September 1999 through Serenades Records. This is one of Graveworm's more symphonic albums with strong symphonic metal influences and three symphonic interludes. It was recorded and mixed at Newport Studios St. Lorenzen Italy and mastered at Newport Mastering Studios.The cover artwork is a painting of Luis Royo.
 Miljard is the twenty-third album by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle. It was issued as a double CD by Ektro Records in 2006 and represents a dramatic shift in sound for the band.
 Soulive is an album by Soulive that was released on April 8 2003. It was produced by Jeff Krasno. Following the release of the studio album Next the band decided to record their 2002 winter tour and this album is a compilation of live recordings recorded from October 12 to December 7 2002. Known largely for its energetic live shows the group showcases its various live performances with a wide array of material.
 Raw Footage is the eighth studio album by rapper Ice Cube released on August 19 2008. The first single Gangsta Rap Made Me Do It was released with a music video appearing on his MySpace page on January 3 2008. The second single is Do Ya Thang was released with a music video on his website on July 1 2008. Guests on the album included The Game Butch Cassidy Musiq Soulchild Young Jeezy and WC.
 In the Wake of Poseidon is the second studio album by the progressive rock group King Crimson. By the time this album was released the band had already undergone their first change in line-up however they still maintained much of the style of their first album In the Court of the Crimson King. Also like their first album the mood of this album often changes from serene to chaotic.
 Do Ya is the sixth studio album by the Australian hard rock band The Screaming Jets. It was released by StockXChange Music/Sony Music. The first single Do Ya was taken from the album.
 Face to Face is the second album by Australian band The Angels it was released in 1978.The domestic (Australian) release was under their own name however the American version was released in 1980 under the name Angel City and included songs from their No Exit album as well as a re-recorded version of Am I Ever Gonna See Your Face Again. The album cover was designed by Peter Ledger and won the King of Pop award for 'Best Album Cover Design' in 1979.
 Fuzzy Logic is an album by American pianist David Benoit released in 2002 and recorded for the GRP label. The album reached #6 on Billboard's Contemporary Jazz chart.
 20 is the second studio album by Canadian hardcore punk super group Cunter released on June 13 2011. Unlike their first studio album 10 it is composed completely of new material. It received a limited physical release and continues to be available digitally.
 Mezcal Head was the second album to be released by British alternative rock band Swervedriver in 1993. This was the second album by the band and was released two years after their first album Raise.
 Chér is the third studio album by American singer-actress Cher released on October 1966 by Imperial. Cher collaborates again with Sonny Bono with Harold Battiste and with Stan Ross. The album is by-and-large a covers album and contains only one song written by Bono. This album was a commercial success charted #59 on the Billboard Chart.
 Salon des Refusés is George Pringle's debut album released on 7 September 2009 by her own record label Deth to Fals Metal Records. Demos for most of the songs on the album had appeared on George's Myspace prior to the album's release.
 Buon sangue (English: Good Blood) is the sixteenth album by Lorenzo Cherubini known as Jovanotti. It was followed up by a live DVD of the album's songs. In Italy the album is 4x platinum with 290000+ copies sold.
 Avalon Sutra / As Long As I Can Hold My Breath is a double album by Harold Budd which at the time of its release in 2005 was reported to be his final musical work. However both Music for 'Fragments from the Inside' and Mysterious Skin - Music from the Film a collaboration with Robin Guthrie were released a few months after this album. The first disc is titled Avalon Sutra and the second is titled As Long as I Can Hold My Breath.
 Best: Bounce & Lovers (BEST～BOUNCE & LOVERS～) is the third best-of album by Japanese pop star Koda Kumi. The CD contains only Koda's ballads and features a track penned by Hideaki Tokunaga while the DVD features certain music videos reedited to show just the dancing scenes. Its release coincides with Koda's sixth anniversary since her debut.Best: Bounce & Lovers charted at #2 on both the Oricon daily and weekly charts with first week sales of 161458 copies.
 Population Control is the fourth studio album by East Coast hip hop producer Statik Selektah. The album was released on October 25 2011.
 Spirit the Earth Aflame is the third album of the Irish black metal band Primordial. It was originally released in 2000.
 Zone is the third and final studio album by Australian music group Southern Sons. The album was released in Australia in 1995. The album was re-released in 1996 with an alternate tracklisting and three live tracks. The album was also released in the Australian iTunes Store as a digital download in 2010.
 Nancy & Lee is a collaboration album by Nancy Sinatra and Lee Hazlewood. It was produced in 1968 by Reprise Records.
 Still Within the Sound of My Voice is the thirteenth album by American singer-songwriter Jimmy Webb released on September 10 2013. The album features fourteen classic Jimmy Webb songs performed by Webb with guest appearances by friends collaborators admirers and fellow recording artists Lyle Lovett Carly Simon The Jordanaires Keith Urban Rumer David Crosby and Graham Nash Joe Cocker Marc Cohn Justin Currie America Kris Kristofferson Amy Grant Brian Wilson and Art Garfunkel.
 Vingt à Trente Mille Jours (French for Twenty to Thirty Thousand Days) is the second album by French singer Françoiz Breut released in 2000.
 Drop is the seventh album by the band Bride released in 1995. The album was the only Bride release on Rugged Records. Its sound was a departure from their earlier efforts using an alternative rock sound highlighted by banjo and mandolin which was well received by critics though not by fans. On later releases Bride returned to their more typical metal based sound.
 Big Bam Boom is the twelfth studio album by Daryl Hall & John Oates released on RCA late in 1984. It marked the end of one of the most successful album runs by a duo of the 1980s. The album is also considered a record that defines the sound of the 1980s. BMG Heritage released a remastered version in July 2004 with four bonus tracks.
 Chicanery is the debut album of the group Chicanery a collaboration between Warren Cuccurullo (Frank Zappa Missing Persons and Duran Duran); and Neil Carlill (Delicatessen and Lodger). The album was released simultaneously in North America and Europe on May 11 2010. Chicanery was made available in CD and digital formats in America and in digital format initially in Europe.
 Feelings is a United Artists Records album by easy listening duo Ferrante & Teicher.
 Closer to the Truth is a 1991 album by American singer-songwriter Tony Joe White.
 Spiritual Black Dimensions is the fourth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Dimmu Borgir. It was released in 1999 by Nuclear Blast Records. A deluxe edition was released in 2004 with bonus material. There is also a digipak edition of this album which contains no bonus tracks.
 Sax Maniac is a 1982 album by New York jazz-punk band James White and The Blacks.
 Liquid Love is the fourth studio album by New York synthpop duo Shy Child.
 Math and Other Problems is the first album released by Atlanta based rock band Marvelous 3. The album was released in 1997 through the Deep South label.
 Tracks is the debut studio album by Liverpool Express released in June 1976. It features two of the band's most memorable songs You Are My Love and Every Man Must Have a Dream both of which were UK Top 20 hits and #1 in Brazil. Other notable hit singles were Hold Tight and Smile.
 Floating into the Night is the debut album by American dream pop artist Julee Cruise. It was released on September 12 1989 on Warner Bros. Records.
 Enter the Grave is the debut album by the English thrash metal band Evile. Released on 27 August 2007 in Europe and on 25 September in North America and Japan the album received generally favorable reviews and entered the UK Rock Chart at number 33. It was produced by Flemming Rasmussen and recorded at Sweet Silence Studios Copenhagen Denmark. Rasmussen had produced three Metallica albums which raised the profile of the album's release.
 Live at Hammersmith '82! is a live album by the band Duran Duran. Originally recorded at the Hammersmith Odeon on 16 November 1982 (1982-11-16) it was released by EMI Records on 21 September 2009 (2009-09-21) (6 October 2009 (2009-10-06) in the U.S.) as a CD/DVD double pack.The set was the third of three nights at the Hammersmith Odeon.
 No Frills is the eighth album by Nik Kershaw record live and released on 1 February 2010 under his own record label. Initially the album was only available for purchase online via Kershaw's web site through his own studio Shorthouse Records.
 The Grind Date is the seventh album from hip-hop group De La Soul released on October 5 2004. The album was originally intended to be the final album of the Art Official Intelligence (AOI) trilogy but as the album quickly changed focus the group decided to put AOI III on hold and finish The Grind Date as a stand-alone work.
 Fly from Here is the twentieth studio album from the English progressive rock band Yes. Yes' first studio album since Magnification (2001) it is also the only one to feature Canadian singer Benoît David and only the second album (after 1980's Drama) without former singer Jon Anderson and with keyboardist Geoff Downes. The line-up is David Downes bassist Chris Squire guitarist Steve Howe and drummer Alan White.
 The Rising EP is an EP released by David Hodges formally of Evanescence Trading Yesterday and The Age of Information. The EP was released digitally on iTunes and Amazon on August 11 2009.
 Music of the Millennium III is the third and final edition in the Music of the Millennium album series. The album was released at the beginning of the third millennium and it includes some of the most influential names that have contributed to popular music in the 20th century. The album sees some of the biggest international hits from the 1960s 1970s 1980s and 1990s. Different versions of the album have been released including an international versions and a Japanese version.
 Luminescence is the first EP from the British electropop band Neon Highwire. It was released on Health Bomber.
 Overnite Encore: Lyrics Born Live is the third album by Lyrics Born a Japanese-American hip hop musician. For this album Lyrics Born is backed by a live band as he performs hits from his previous album Later That Day as well as more recent songs.
 Nummela is the debut album by the Finnish singer Anssi Kela. Released in March 2001 Nummela is the best-charting album in Finland with 16 weeks atop and currently ranks 13th on the list of best-selling albums of all-time in Finland.
 Françoiz Breut also known as 08648046495 is the first album by French singer Françoiz Breut released in 1997.
 All This Useless Beauty is the seventeenth studio album by the English rock singer and songwriter Elvis Costello released on compact disc as Warner Brothers 46198. It peaked at No. 28 on the UK album chart and at No. 53 on the Billboard 200. It is his final album with his long-standing backing band known as 'The Attractions' and the last album he delivered under his contract to the Warner Brothers label his contract expiring with a further compilation album Extreme Honey.
 Justamustache is the 2005 album released by Detroit-based Post-punk revival band Thunderbirds Are Now! The album was released by Frenchkiss Records.
 The Unknown is the first album by the German singer-songwriter Madeline Juno. It was released on March 7 2014 by Polydor and peaked at number 24 on the German album charts.
 When You Hear Lou You've Heard It All is a 1977 album by American R&B singer Lou Rawls released on the Philadelphia International Records label. On this album only four tracks were produced by Gamble & Huff with the remainder shared among other producers. The album's lead single Lady Love while only a moderate R&B hit proved successful in the crossover market becoming Rawls' last single to enter the top 30 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Nature's Best 3 is a two-disc compilation album of 35 New Zealand popular music songs numbers 66-100 on the APRA 75th Anniversary Top 100 New Zealand Songs of All Time. See Nature's Best for more information on the selection process of this list.Nature's Best 3 was released as part of a Nature's Best Box Set on 29 November 2005.
 Earth Division is the tenth EP by Scottish post-rock band Mogwai. It was released on 12 September 2011 through Rock Action Records and a day later in the USA on Sub Pop. The album could not be released for pre-order as the entire stocks of the CD were destroyed when the distribution centre for PIAS Entertainment Group was destroyed by fire during the 2011 London riots.
 Zauvjek tvoj (English: Forever yours) is the fourth studio album of Montenegrin singer Dado Polumenta released on December 15 2008. This album mainly consisted of cover versions of Greek songs most of which were remixed.
 Time Squared is the 14th studio album of the American jazz group Yellowjackets released in 2003. The album reached a peak position of number fifteen on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart.
 Forever Halloween is the fourth full-length album by American rock band The Maine. The album was released on June 4 2013 to generally positive reviews from critics. The album has spawned three singles: Happy Love and Drugs and These Four Words. The album sold over 10000 copies in its first week debuting at number 39 on the Billboard 200.
 Iced Earth is the eponymous debut album by American heavy metal band Iced Earth. It was released in November 1990 internationally and February 1991 in North America. The album has three different covers (a European/Japanese cover an American cover and a remastered cover). This album was Mike McGill's only album with Iced Earth as well as the last for singer Gene Adam.
 Skitter on Take-Off is an album by Vic Chesnutt released posthumously in 2010 on Vapor Records. Sewing Machine was originally included on brute.'s 1995 release Nine High a Pallet. brute. was Chesnutt backed up by members of Widespread Panic.
 Stormbirds is the second full-length studio album by the German melodic black/gothic metal band Evereve. It is the last album to feature Tom Sedotschenko on vocals.
 Stars is the 12th studio album by American singer Cher released in 1975 by Warner Bros. Records. The album was one in a string of commercial flops for Cher in the 1970s and failed to chart within the top 100.The album is by-and-large a covers album.
 When the Lights Go Out is an five-song EP by Australian DJ and recording artist Havana Brown. It was released for digital download on 17 July 2012 by Island Records Australia as Brown's first EP. The Australian version of the EP includes five new songs while the US version includes the international remix of We Run the Night featuring American rapper Pitbull.
 Sounds of the Season: The Julianne Hough Holiday Collection is a Christmas themed EP released by country music artist Julianne Hough. Released on October 12 2008 the EP is available for purchase only at the American discount department store chain Target. The album contains two original tracks Sounds of Christmas and Christmas Memories.In early 2009 the album peaked at #2 on the Hot Country Albums chart and has sold nearly 250000 copies since its release.
 Hits From 10 Albums is the second compilation album by the Canadian rock band Trooper after Hot Shots released in 1979. The album consists of the band's most popular songs digitally remastered by Craig Waddell. The album was released on July 1 2010 to celebrate the band's 35th anniversary as their first album Trooper was released on July 1 1975.
 Somethin 4 Da Youngsta's is the debut album by the American hip hop trio Da Youngsta's. It is produced by L.G. the Teacher father of Da Youngsta's members Quran and Taji Goodman. Its release was accompanied by two singles Somethin 4 Da Youngsta's and Pass Da Mic. The latter peaked at number 10 on the Hot Rap Singles chart but the album itself failed to chart.
 Jersey Boys: Original Broadway Cast Recording is the Grammy-winning cast album for the Broadway musical Jersey Boys the story of Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons. The album was produced by original Four Season Bob Gaudio. Principal vocals include Christian Hoff as Tommy DeVito Daniel Reichard as Bob Gaudio J.
 Flathead EP is an EP released only in the US by Scottish band The Fratellis. It was released physically in American music shops on January 23 2007 and was previously available on the iTunes Music Store in America from December 19 2006.
 Call Me Irresponsible is the fifth studio album released by Grammy Award-winning Canadian singer Michael Bublé. The album was released on May 1 2007.
 No Gift to Bring is the first EP by rock band The Almost. It was released to tide over fans until the release of a new album in 2009. No Gift to Bring was released on November 25 2008 through Tooth and Nail Records.Little Drummer Boy premiered on the band's MySpace profile on November 4 2008.
 Bend Me Shape Me is the second album from the 1960s jazz–rock group The American Breed released in February 1968. The album peaked at #99 on Billboard's pop albums chart and the title song became the group's only Top 10 hit reaching #5 on Billboard's pop singles chart in February 1968. The album and the single both went gold and remains the group's biggest selling album to this day. The only other major hit single from this album was Green Light (#39).
 Common Ground is the debut artist album written and produced by British trance duo Leama & Moor released on Lost Language and Tirade Records in 2006. The album is a continuously mixed artist set that takes the listener on a journey through ambient soundscapes and cinematic textures acoustic rock house breaks and trance music.
 Lična karta is the third studio album of Serbian singer Aca Lukas which was released in 1998.
 Kohti Yhdeksän Nousua (Finnish for Towards the Rise of the Nine) is the first full-length studio album by the black metal band Horna. It was released on Solistitium Records in 1998 and was limited to 1500 copies. It was re-released on vinyl under Blut & Eisen Productions in December 2006 with modified artwork 5 additional tracks recorded in 2000 and the title appended with (Sis. Ordo Regnum Sathanas).
 Necks is an EP by Thunderbirds Are Now! The album was released by Conspirators in Sound on May 24 2005.
 Death is the fourth officially released album/EP by Finnish black metal band Thy Serpent. It is the last heard of Thy Serpent since its release in 2000. It is also the first of their work to feature their current lineup with Tomi Ullgren on lead and the new drummer. It was recorded at a different studio than the three previous CDs.
 Into the Macabre is the debut album of the Italian Extreme Metal band Necrodeath.
 Mapenzi is an album by the Harold Land-Blue Mitchell Quintet recorded in 1977 and released on the Concord label.
 State Songs is a concept album released by John Linnell of They Might Be Giants in 1999. It was Linnell's third solo project and first full solo album. It consists of tracks that are named after and are at least partially inspired by 15 of the 50 U.S. states.
 High Tide is the second album by High Tide. The album is slightly less heavy with folk-influences within the band's sound. Though guitarist Tony Hill would later record with a new band under the High Tide banner as well as releasing posthumous compilations of demos this was the last proper album by the original group.
 The Last Concert is a live album by Rosemary Clooney released through Concord Jazz in November 2002.This was Clooney's first live album and it bought an end to her fifty five year recording career.
 Suburban Teenage Wasteland Blues is the second album by the punk band Strung Out with Fat Wreck Chords. The album was released on April 23 1996. The title is an amalgamation of Bob Dylan's song Subterranean Homesick Blues and a phrase from the song Baba O'Riley by The Who. It was remastered and re-released on April 15 2014 as part of the first volume of Strung Out's 20th anniversary box set.
 The Black & Blue Compilation is a compilation album released by Velvet Blue Music in 2000.
 Once More is the seventh studio album by British band Spandau Ballet. It was released by Mercury Records on 19 October 2009 in UK and Ireland. The album includes eleven re-recordings from their back catalogue and two newly written songs. The first single the title track Once More one of the two brand new songs was released as a promotional single on 5 October 2009 and as a digital download on the same day as the album was released. The music video for Once More was filmed.
 Cemetery Lips is an EP by American indie rock group Black Kids released by Columbia Records on April 7 2009 via digital download only. It contains six tracks three of which are remixes of tracks present on their previous release Partie Traumatic and three new tracks.
 Pop Heiress is the third album by the band Chainsaw Kittens released in 1994.
 The Best of Cameo Volume 2 is a follow-up greatest hits album released by the funk/R&B group Cameo in 1996. Complimenting the The Best of Cameo from 1993 this collection focuses on Cameo's lesser hits but combined with the first volume it spans nearly their entire career and offers a true presentation of the band.
 Stand Up is the sixth album by Dave Matthews Band released on May 10 2005. It was produced by Mark Batson. It was their fourth straight number one album on the Billboard 200. The album was the last to feature full participation from the band's saxophonist LeRoi Moore who died during the early production stages of the following album Big Whiskey and the GrooGrux King.
 Helen is an album released by Helen Humes in 1981 on Muse MR 5233 her second for that company. The album was in the final nominations for the 24th Annual Grammy Awards in the category of “Best Jazz Vocal Performance.”
 Before We Met: A Collection of Old Songs is the third EP (fourth if counting their Split with Transit) by US pop punk band Man Overboard released on March 2 2010.
 Wars is the third album from American hardcore group XBXRX released in April 2007 on Polyvinyl Records.
 Mingus Dynasty is an album by Charles Mingus recorded and released in 1959. It is the companion album to the classic Mingus Ah Um and was inducted in the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1999.
 New York Reunion is a 1991 album by McCoy Tyner released on the Chesky label. It was recorded in April 1991 and features performances by Tyner with Joe Henderson Ron Carter and Al Foster. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states that The advanced hard bop music is as rewarding as one would expect.
 Tumult is the third album by Dutch punk rock band The Ex originally released in 1983.
 There are Velvet Underground compilation albums with similar titles: The Best of The Velvet Underground: Words and Music of Lou Reed (1989) and The Best of The Velvet Underground: The Millennium Collection (2000).The Very Best of The Velvet Underground is a compilation album by The Velvet Underground.
 Złodzieje zapalniczek – Pidzama Porno's fourth studio album released in 1997 by S.P. Records. The material was recorded in Studio CZAD in Swarzedz. In 2007 the material was re-recorded and reissued again in Zlodzieje zapalniczek - reedycja.
 Guts is a retrospective compilation album by John Cale released by Island Records in February 1977. It is perhaps most notable for including the songs Leaving It Up To You which was deleted from Helen of Troy and the previously unreleased Mary Lou. It was compiled by Howard Thompson.The CD backcover has a misprint: Guts is listed as Cute.
 Citizen Brain is the second album by the thrash metal band Gama Bomb. It was released on June 9 2008 in Europe and June 24 2008 in the United States and rest of the world by Earache Records. A Bonus DVD featuring tour and studio footage was included in early pressings of the album.
 Gentleman's Agreement is an album by the American jazz saxophonist George Adams and drummer Dannie Richmond recorded in 1983 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 The Love Collection is a compilation of love songs by American singer/songwriter/producer Dionne Warwick. The album was released by Legacy/WSM in 2008.
 Distant Drummer is the solo debut album by American underground hip hop producer Omid. It was released on Beneath the Surface in 2002.
 Rendez-Vous is concept album by the French-born Greek presenter author singer-songwriter Nikos Aliagas released on 17 October 2007 in Greece Cyprus France and Turkey. The album achieved considerable success and it was certificated gold in Greece.
 Live from Albertane is a live album by the American pop rock group Hanson. As the name suggests it is a live album recorded during the group's Albertane Tour. Albertane is a fictional place (the capital of Mars) referred to in their song Man from Milwaukee.With the lead vocalist Taylor Hanson in his mid-teens at the time this album was recorded his voice is noticeably deeper than in their previous releases.
 Color is the second EP by Japanese visual kei band Girugamesh released on July 7 2010.
 The Performer is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Marty Robbins (Martin David Robinson September 26 1925 – December 8 1982) released in 1978 by Columbia Records. The album peaked at #47 in the US country chart and #7 in the Canadian country chart. Two singles from the album charted in the country charts “Please Don’t Play a Love Song” was #17 in both the US and Canada and “Touch Me With Magic” reached #15 in the US and #18 in Canada.
 Eye of the Hunter (1999) is the debut solo album by Brendan Perry previously the male half of the band Dead Can Dance. The album was released by 4AD on 4 October 1999 in the UK and a day later in the US.
 Japanese Engines is the tenth studio album by Mornington Peninsula Melbourne indie band The Fauves.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by The Rabbis' Sons. It contains six songs from Hal'lu three songs from To Life two songs from Shalom and one song from The Rabbis Sing.
 One and All: The Best of Cherish the Ladies an album by Cherish the Ladies was released in 1998 on the Green Linnet label.
 Tattva : The Very Best Of Kula Shaker 2007 is a best-of double album released in 2007 by the record label Music Club. It includes all the tracks from Kula Shaker's first two albums and a handful of previously released non-album tracks. It is not an official 'best of' and the band have asked fans not to buy it.
 Hopetown is a 2000 album by New Zealand singer-songwriter Dave Dobbyn. It reached number 9 on the New Zealand music charts. The album was produced by fellow Th' Dudes member Ian Morris.
 Island is an instrumental album by David Arkenstone with Andrew White released in 1989. It is a departure from Arkenstone's mostly electronic debut album Valley in the Clouds.
 Light My Fire is an album by Hungarian jazz guitarist Gábor Szabó and American record producer Bob Thiele featuring performances recorded in 1967 for the Impulse! label.
 Los Reyes Del Perreo by Alexis & Fido is a collection of nine of their biggest songs plus five new ones. It was released on September 19 2006 by Sony BMG Latin.
 Return to Witchwood is a Bjørn Lynne album released in July 2003.
 Back on Dayton Ave. is an underground rap album by The Dayton Family. It was released to the local Flint Michigan area on April 1 2006. It is the first album by The Dayton Family under their new record label U Be U Records.
 Trashland is the second and last studio album by Brazilian post-punk band Mercenárias. It was released in 1988 via EMI and produced by Edgard Scandurra (of Ira! and Ultraje a Rigor and a long-time friend and former member of Mercenárias) and Thomas Pappon (of Voluntários da Pátria Smack and Fellini fame).
 Grit & Grind is the seventh studio album by American rapper E-40 released June 25 2002 on Jive and Sick Wid It Records.
 The Very Best Of Supertramp 2 is a compilation album released by Supertramp in 1992. The album contains tracks from their five prime albums Crime Of The Century Crisis? What Crisis? Even in the Quietest Moments Breakfast in America and ...Famous Last Words... as well as the title track from their 1987 album Free As A Bird.
 A Wish for Christmas is the fifth album recorded by Philippine-based vocal ensemble Hangad. It is also the group's second Christmas album the first being Pasko Naming Hangad. It is Hangad's shortest album to date with four tracks.
 Open is the fourth studio album released by the hard rock band Gotthard.The album peaked at #1 on the Swiss Charts and was certified as 2x Platinum for exceeding 60000 sales.
 Dying for It was the second release by Glasgow alternative rock group The Vaselines like its predecessor an extended play single. The EP was later included on their career retrospective collection The Way of the Vaselines: A Complete History. Teenage Superstars was later included as the fourth track on their debut album Dum-Dum in 1989.Alternative rock figurehead Kurt Cobain listed the Dying for It single as his fourth favorite 'album' ever.
 The Tender Gender is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1966 and released on the Cadet label.
 Bi-Polar Poems is a proposed album by Australian rock synthpop band Icehouse founder Iva Davies had been working in 2001 on the album with tracks available since 2004 from the Official Iva Davies - Icehouse website (see External link below). As of July 2008 the album was still unreleased.I have written an album's worth of songs up here which have yet to be released. To write those songs was very difficult because there weren't stories happening all around me.
 Back to Basics is a greatest hits album by Olivia Newton-John that was released in 1992 and the first compilation to contain both her country and pop hits. The album contained four new tracks: Deeper Than A River Not Gonna Be The One I Want to Be Wanted and I Need Love. A tour was planned to promote the album but had to be canceled when Newton-John was diagnosed with breast cancer.
 Sing Around the Campfire is the 16th album by popular children's entertainers Sharon Lois & Bram originally released in 1994. This album is a collection of songs for round the campfire. This is the third official compilation from the Sharon Lois & Bram collection. Not only is Sing Around the Campfire an album but it is also a 50-minute home video under the same name.
 Söz Vermiş Şarkılar is a tribute album to Murathan Mungan. All of the lyrics are written by Murathan Mungan. Every song in this album is performed by different popular Turkish musicians.
 Critical Stage is the 1994 debut album by the Belgian electro-industrial act Suicide Commando.
 Anthems for the Champion - The Queen is an EP by German female hard rock singer Doro Pesch released in 2007 through AFM Records. The EP collects all the anthems composed by Doro and used to introduce the performances of her good friend the German female boxing champion Regina Halmich. The only previously unreleased song is The Queen which Halmich used as anthem for her final year of agonistic activity.The EP reached position No. 89 in the German single chart.
 That Night in Toronto is a live concert DVD featuring Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip filmed and directed by filmmaking brothers Pierre and Francois Lamoureux.It was recorded November 26 2004 at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto Ontario Canada during The Hip's In Between Evolution tour. It differs from most concert DVDs in the fact that nothing was edited out of the set.
 Live in Japan 1978: Dear John C. is a live album by drummer Elvin Jones' Jazz Machine recorded in Japan in 1978 and originally released on the Japanese Trio label.
 Outlandos d'Amour is the debut album by The Police released in 1978. The album features the popular singles Roxanne Can't Stand Losing You and So Lonely. Although when released it received mixed reviews it has since been regarded as one of the finest debut albums of all time. The album was ranked #38 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of 100 Best Debut Albums of All Time. In 2012 the same magazine ranked it at number 428 on their list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
 Just the Best Party is the second studio album by The World/Inferno Friendship Society. It was released on April 2 2002 on Gern Blandsten Records. It is referred to by the band as 'Inferno #8' as it is the eighth release of new material by the band.
 Travelogue is the debut album of Danish rock band Kashmir. It was released in 1994.
 In With the Old is Pepper's third album released on March 30 2004 (see 2004 in music).
 True Love and High Adventure is an album by Grand Drive released in 2000.
 The American in Me is a compilation album by the Avengers. It was released on April 20 2004 on DBK Works. The album is composed of four studio recordings from 1978 and a live concert recorded at the Old Waldorf in San Francisco CA on June 13 1979. The concert was previously released on Zero Hour one year earlier.
 The Luna Sea Memorial Cover Album -Re:birth- is a Luna Sea tribute album released on December 19 2007. It collects cover versions of their songs performed by various artists. The release of the album coincided with Luna Sea's one-night reunion concert on December 24 2007.
 Forever Free: Sublime Tribute is the second tribute album dedicated to Sublime lead singer Brad Nowell after 2005's Look at All the Love We Found performed by various artists and released on January 24 2006. All songs besides the final track are tribute covers of classic Sublime recordings.
 Nucleus is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins released on the Milestone label in 1975 featuring performances by Rollins with George Duke Raul de Souza Bennie Maupin Chuck Rainey Eddie Moore Mtume Bob Cranshaw and Roy McCurdy.
 Bird and Diz is a studio album by jazz saxophonist Charlie Parker and trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie recorded primarily on June 6 1950 in New York City. Two tracks featured on the original pressing Passport and Visa were recorded by Parker without Gillespie and with a different personnel than that of the other tracks in March and May 1949.
 Stretching Out is an album by Ramsey Lewis' Trio featuring tracks recorded in 1960 and released on the Argo label.
 Bubblegum Lemonade and… Something for Mama is the second solo album released by Cass Elliot under the billing Mama Cass. It was recorded in 1969 and arranged and produced by Steve Barri. The album was originally released on July 5 1969 with only 11 tracks. It was released again on December 6 1969 under a new title and with a different album cover as Make Your Own Kind of Music/It’s Getting Better.
 Sirens is the fourth album released by the Greek Black metal band Astarte. It was released in 2004.
 Mel Tormé and the Marty Paich Dek-Tette is a 1955 album by Mel Tormé with Marty Paich and his Dek-Tette.
 Brand New Year is a Christmas (second overall) album from country music trio SHeDAISY; it was released September 26 2000. The renditions of Deck the Halls and Jingle Bells both charted on the Billboard country charts in 2000 peaking at #37 and #44 respectively.
 Pisstory A Catalogue of Accidents/A Lifetime of Mistakes: A 4 CD boxset including music from Casey Chaos at age 12 until the Death Before Musick album.Only 2500 copies of this boxset have been released all hand-numbered.
 Nexus Polaris is the second album recorded by Norwegian black metal band The Kovenant and was released in 1998 through Nuclear Blast.
 Kapnobatai is the third album by Swedish Dark ambient project Atrium Carceri. It was released on September 26 2005 through Cold Meat Industry
 Ella in Rome: The Birthday Concert is a live album by Ella Fitzgerald with a jazz trio led by Lou Levy and also featuring the Oscar Peterson trio. Recorded in 1958 it was released thirty years later.
 G4 is the self-titled debut album from the vocal group G4 released in 2005. It debuted at the number one spot in the UK Albums Chart on the Mother's Day weekend selling over 245000 copies in the first week. It became the fastest selling album of 2005. It has sold 611000 copies as of December 2012.The album features a cover of Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody.
 Kusamakura is a compilation album by Italian singer-songwriter Alice released in Japan in 1988 on EMI Music/Odeon Records. The album's title translates as Grass Pillow.The compilation which comprises tracks from studio albums Park Hotel (1986) and Elisir (1987) also includes the rare previously unreleased recording Le scogliere di Dover (The Reeves of Dover) with which Alice participated in the World Popular Song Festival in Tokyo in 1988 only available on this album.
 Hits Greatest Stiffs is a various artists compilation album drawn from ten of the first eleven Stiff Records singles BUY 1 – BUY 11.The tracks follow the numerical order of the singles but feature mostly the b sides although several singles were originally issued as double a-sides. The other sides of the Motörhead and Elvis Costello track had appeared on the previous compilation album A Bunch of Stiff Records.
 Through the Looking Glass is a 2000 album by Aftershock.
 A Day in the Stark Corner is the third studio album by the American Dark Wave band Lycia released on 10 June 1993 (1993-06-10) through Projekt Records.
 Keeper Of The Flame is the fourth full length album created by The Hiatus. It was released on March 26 2014.
 Love Will Have the Final Word is the fourth studio album from Christian singer-songwriter Jason Gray. The album will release on March 4 2014 by Centricity Music. The producers on the album were Jason Ingram and Cason Cooley. The album achieved commercial charting successes and it received critical acclaim.
 Dorothy At Forty was the first single taken from the album Happy Hollow by Cursive. It was released as a teaser for Happy Hollow on July 11 2006. The album track Dorothy At Forty is backed with the exclusive non-album tracks The Bitter End and The Censor. All horn arrangements were done by Nate Walcott.This single came with a download code to download the songs in mp3 format directly from Saddle Creek Records.
 This article describes the 31st album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 31 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 31 or Now 31 was released in 1995 on vinyl audio cassette and Compact Disc.
 Metamorfoz (English: metamorphosis) is the renowned Turkish pop singer Tarkan's sixth Turkish language and seventh studio album which was released on 25 December 2007 in Turkey. Album was published in Europe Asia.Seven of the songs were written by Tarkan while three others are collaborations with composer Ozan Çolakoğlu.
 Canada Songs is Daughters' first full-length album. It was released in 2003 by the Robotic Empire label. The vinyl was released by Electric Human Project.
 Moon is the ninth album by soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy and was recorded in Rome in 1969 and originally released on the BYG Actuel label. It features five compositions by Lacy performed by Lacy Italo Toni Claudo Volonte Irene Aebi Marcello Melis and Jacques Thollot.
 Wings of Desire is the fifth album released by American singer Jennifer Rush.After working mainly with American writers and producers for her last two albums Rush decided to bring her music back to Europe and collaborated with producers Christopher Neil Phil Ramone and others including a song (Angel) written by Abba affiliate Tomas Ledin. Released in late 1989 this album failed to sell as well as earlier albums although it did make the top 15 in Germany and Switzerland.
 The Best of The Band Vol. II is the second volume of greatest hits by The Band released in October 1999 on Rhino Records. It collects eleven tracks from the group's final three studio albums. One track Young Blood had been available in the United States only on a tribute album to Doc Pomus though it appeared on the British and Japanese pressings of 1996's High On The Hog. The last track She Knows is a live track sung by Manuel.
 Mums' Bad Punk Music is a single released by Sucioperro on 17 November 2008 through Maybe Records.
 Bugright is the 2nd full album by Japanese rock band Uverworld. The album was released on February 21 2007. A limited pressing of the album was released on the same day as the normal pressing.
 Glad All Over is the sixth studio album for Californian alternative rock band The Wallflowers. It was released in October 2012 under Columbia Records.The band revealed the name of album on July 12 2012 and they released their first single Reboot the Mission for free in July 24 2012.On October 1 2012 it was announced on the band's website that Love is a Country would be the single.
 The Amazing Spider-Man: Music from the Motion Picture is a soundtrack album to the 2012 film The Amazing Spider-Man composed by James Horner. which was released by Sony Classical.
 Bitter Sweet is the second and last album by the English Coventry band King produced by Richard James Burgess and released by CBS Records in 1985.Although lasting just two years and a half as a band King had five UK Top 30 hit songs out of five singles released including two Top 10 hits: Love & Pride (#2) the re-release of the debut single from their first album Steps in Time and Alone Without You (#8) the first single taken out this second album of theirs.Both albums reached the UK Top Ten; after that King disbanded and the lead singer Paul King went on to start a brief unlucky solo career releasing one more album the unsuccessful Joy.After the first Top 10 single Alone without You two further singles were taken out of their second long playing namely The Taste of Your Tears peaking at No. 
 Lord Steppington is the collaborative debut studio album by California-based hip hop duo Step Brothers (rapper/producers The Alchemist and Evidence). The album was released on January 21 2014 by Rhymesayers Entertainment.
 A Very Special Christmas is the first in a series of Christmas-themed compilation albums produced to benefit Special Olympics. The album was released in 1987 and production was overseen by Jimmy Iovine for A&M Records. A Very Special Christmas has also raised millions of dollars for the Special Olympics.
 The Greatest Hits is a Greatest hits album by rapper Juvenile. It was released on October 19 2004 through Cash Money Records.
 Famous Monsters is a 1999 album by the Misfits. It is the second in the post-Danzig era of the band and the last album with new frontman Michale Graves who would quit the band in 2000. The album's title is an allusion to the horror magazine Famous Monsters of Filmland.The song Scream! was turned into a music video directed by George A. Romero. In addition the band appeared in Romero's film Bruiser. Kong at the Gates was the theme music for WCW alumnus Vampiro.
 First is Denise Ho's debut album.
 Annihilation is an album by the Brazilian death metal band Rebaelliun. It was released in 2001 by Hammerheart Records.
 This article describes the 42nd album in the New Zealand Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 42 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music 42 or Now 42 released on 2 August 2013. The album is the 42nd edition of the (New Zealand) Now! series.
 The Many Sides of Max is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach featuring tracks recorded in 1959 but not released on the Mercury label until 1964.
 Al Green's Greatest Hits Volume II is the second Al Green best of compilation album released in 1977. It peaked at number 134 on the Billboard 200.
 The Drought is the second album from The Kill Devil Hills released in October 2006.The album was recorded in late November 2005 at the Donnelly River Mill Worker's Club and then between February and June 2006 at Studio Couch North Fremantle with producer Ben Franz (The Waifs).
 The Best of Chet on the Road — Live is a live album by guitarist Chet Atkins released in 1980.
 The Politics of Dancing is the debut album by British band Re-Flex recorded in late 1982 and released in 1983 through EMI and was until September 2010 their only officially released studio album.The album itself received moderate success charting at #34 in New Zealand #53 in the United States and #58 in West Germany but the title track was a big international success and became the band's signature song causing some to label them a one-hit wonder.
 45 Years Of Memories features new recordings of audience favorites by the progressive bluegrass band The Country Gentlemen. Credited to Charlie Waller & The Country Gentlemen it features Waller showcases from all eras of band the earliest song dating from 1961.
 Tiny Vipers is an EP released by Tiny Vipers. It was released by Luckyhorse Industries in 2007 and contains recordings made before her debut LP Hands Across the Void. It is sometimes referred to as 7 Song CDR or Tiny Vipers #1.
 01011001 is the seventh studio album by Arjen Anthony Lucassen's long-running Ayreon project. 01011001 is the binary representation of the ASCII value of the letter Y.Seventeen singers in total (including Lucassen himself) contributed to the album more than in any other Ayreon album.
 Juju (1970) was the first album recorded by the rock band Gass and featured guitarist Peter Green who had just left Fleetwood Mac at this time. The album was released by Polydor (catalogue reference 283-022 A) and withdrawn soon after it was released to retail outlets and re-issued as Gass
 Halloween Addiction is a Halloween EP released by Tomoko Kawase under the Tommy heavenly6 persona and features one track performed by Tommy february6. It contains two previously released Halloween singles and one new track. It was released October 17 2012. Halloween Addiction debuted at #10 on the Oricon chart.
 Aku ja köyhät pojat (Aku and the Poor Boys) is Eppu Normaali`s sixth album released on June 5 1983. It was different from their previous album Tie vie because they did not use piano at all; as a result the music is more guitar-based.
 En Vivo... El Hombre y su Música is an album by Ramón Ayala and his band Los Bravos del Norte released in July 24 2001 through the record label Freddie Records. In 2002 the album earned Ayala a Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album.
 Unchained Melody: The Early Years or simply The Early Years is a compilation album by American country singer LeAnn Rimes released in the United States on February 11 1997 (see 1997 in music) by Curb Records. Due to high sales of her debut album Blue the album consists of tracks recorded previously to Blue (tracks one two and five through nine were taken from Rimes' independent album under Nor Va Jak label All That (1994).
 The Pills Versus Planes EP is the debut release from Bloomington Indiana-based instrumental group Ativin.
 Shibuya Jazz Classics Monday Michiru Collection Toshiko Akiyoshi Issue is a compilation album of recordings by jazz pianist composer arranger and bandleader Toshiko Akiyoshi both in small combo and big band settings. The collection was compiled by Akiyoshi's daughter Monday Michiru and released in Japan by Solid Records.
 As Seen on Television is an EP by US band +/-. It was released in Japan in 2004 to coincide with the band's November 2004 tour and has not been released elsewhere. The EP compiles various tracks that had not been released in Japan; such as unreleased tracks compilation and single tracks and a track from the US version of the Holding Patterns EP. The artwork was by Mark Robinson.
 Live: Deep in the Heart of Taxes is the 1983 live album by the New Zealand band DD Smash led by Dave Dobbyn. It was recorded live at Mainstreet on July 29 1983.[citation needed] It reached number 11 on the New Zealand music charts.
 Danger! is the first EP by Swedish duo The Sound of Arrows. Danger! was available for free digital download from the site of the record company.The Sound of Arrows are starting out totally unknown so they’ve only brought in friends this time. Cotton Crew Panache and Mr Pedro go for the electro-pumping sound. The version by Ice Cream Shout instead takes the route of super-mega twee. Complete with ukuleles and toypianos.
 Soundtracks is a compilation album by the Krautrock group Can. It was first released in 1970 and consists of tracks written for various films. The album marks the departure of the band's original vocalist Malcolm Mooney who sings on two tracks to be replaced by new member Damo Suzuki.
 Sometimes I Wish We Were an Eagle is the second solo album by Bill Callahan under his own name released on April 14 2009 via Drag City. It was recorded by John Congleton and arranged by Brian Beattie. In an interview with Uncut Callahan described the recording of the album:
 KC Ten is the tenth studio album by the funk and disco group KC and the Sunshine Band. The album was produced by Harry Wayne Casey Robert Walker and Ron Taylor and was released in January 1984 on the Meca label.
 Earthed to the Ground is a 1984 (see 1984 in music) debut solo studio album by the English space rock musician Dave Brock.It is essentially a collection of home demos Brock made for work with his group Hawkwind. Assassination had previously been released by the band as Some People Never Die on the Church of Hawkwind album and Green Finned Demon would be released with additional contributions from other band members on the EP The Earth Ritual Preview.
 Pebbles Volume 20 is a compilation album among the LPs in the Pebbles series. It is one of the 10 albums in the sub-series The Continent Lashes Back and is sub-titled European Garage Rock Part 4: Sweden. Pebbles Volume 26 and Pebbles Volume 28 also feature music by Swedish bands.
 Lig Jou Stem Op (Afrikaans for Lift Up Your Voice) is the second studio christian album release by the pop/opera vocal quartet group Romanz. The album was released on November 8 2013.
 Kusoban (糞盤 Shit Disc) is the third studio album by Japanese nu metal band Maximum the Hormone. Kusoban is the Japanese term for shit disc.
 Motel of Fools is an album by Robert Pollard released in 2003.
 Politics (1988) is the sixth studio album from the jazz group Yellowjackets and their third for the MCA label. The album was awarded Best Jazz Fusion Performance at the 1989 Grammy Awards.
 Other Planes of There is an album by the American Jazz musician Sun Ra and his Solar Arkestra. Recorded in 1964 the album had been released by 1966 on Sun Ra's own Saturn label. The record was reissued on compact disc by Evidence in 1992.'Granted the selection is certainly not as abrasive and demanding as later efforts although there is strident involvement from everyone within the dense arrangement.
 Love Letter is the fifth full-length studio album originally released by Japanese solo artist Gackt on February 14 2005 in Japan. A Korean language edition titled Love Letter - For Korean Dears was released on June 16 of the same year. It continues the unplugged theme of the earlier compilation album The Seventh Night but consists of new material save for the song Dears originally from his album Mars and Etude originally from the demo tape by his indie band Cains:Feel.
 House Party 3 is the soundtrack to the 1994 film House Party 3. It was released on January 11 1994 through Select Records and consisted of a blend of hip hop and R&B. The soundtrack was the least successful of the three only making it to 55 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums nor was the soundtrack's only charting single Butt Booty Naked by AMG. Six songs on the album were performed by the films stars Kid 'n Play to date it has been the last original material the group has released.
 GROOVEssentials Volume One is a Canadian R&B compilation album released in 1997 on Beat Factory Music and distributed by BMG Music Canada. Three songs from the album—The Thing to Do by Glenn Lewis Don't Leave Me Hangin by Camille Douglas and How May I Do U by Unique—were nominated for Best R&B/Soul Recording at the 1998 Juno Awards.
 Emergence is a solo album by Czech bassist Miroslav Vitous recorded in 1985 and released on the ECM label.
 Beautiful is the third studio album by Australian recording artist Jessica Mauboy released on 4 October 2013 by Sony Music Australia. It spawned four singles To the End of the Earth Pop a Bottle (Fill Me Up) Beautiful and Never Be the Same. Beautiful debuted at number three on the ARIA Albums Chart becoming Mauboy's highest-charting album to date. It was certified Gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association for shipments of 35000 copies.
 Reina is a self produced album by the Mexican electro-pop band Kinky. It was released on September 5 2006 on Nettwerk. The album's lyrics are sung more in English than Spanish unlike Kinky's two preceding albums Kinky (2002) and Atlas (2003). Reina is a mixture of many musical styles with electronica Latin percussion traditional Mexican accordion heavy rock electric guitars and bass guitars all occupying the same musical space.
 Crunch (2000) is the sixth full-length studio album by Impellitteri.
 Cabin Fever 2 is the eleventh mixtape by American rapper Wiz Khalifa it was released on October 16 2012. The mixtape features guest appearances from Problem Iamsu! Menace Juicy J J.R. Donato Chevy Woods Lavish and French Montana.
 Not to Scale is the first album by folk band Kerfuffle.
 Two Tenors is an album credited to jazz musicians John Coltrane and Hank Mobley released in 1969 on Prestige Records catalogue 7670. It is a reissue of Prestige 7043 Informal Jazz by Elmo Hope released in 1956. As Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s long after he had stopped recording for the label Prestige assembled varied recordings often those where Coltrane had been merely a sideman and reissued them as a new album with Coltrane's name prominently displayed.
 VersaEmerge is the self-titled EP of the American experimental rock band of the same name. It is the first of their efforts not to be self-released. After signing to Fueled By Ramen the band began writing the EP recording it with producer James Paul Wisner (Underoath Dashboard Confessional The Academy Is... My American Heart).
 Angles is the fourth studio album by American indie rock band The Strokes released on March 18 2011. It was their first album since First Impressions of Earth (2006) their longest gap to date between studio albums.
 More of You Lord – Praise with Don Moen Volume 2 is an album of Christian worship music by Don Moen. It is a compilation album of Contemporary Christian music. It was released by Integrity Asia in 1999. It is a follow-up to Praise with Don Moen.The album contains previously released material by Moen and was released in certain markets only specifically Singapore Korea and other countries in Asia-Pacific.The album also features Darlene Zschech singing Power Of Your Love.
 Comfort Deluxe is the debut studio album by Finnish Britpop band The Crash released in 1999.
 Retro is a 2002 box set of music by the English band New Order. It comprises four themed CDs. In the UK initial quantities came with a fifth disc which featured rare tracks.
 H. P. Lovecraft is the debut album by the American psychedelic rock band H. P. Lovecraft and was released in October 1967 by Philips Records. It blended psychedelic and folk rock influences and was marked by the haunting eerie ambiance of the band's music which itself was often inspired by the literary works of horror writer H. P. Lovecraft after whom the band had named themselves.
 Party Time was an album by The Heptones and backing band called The Upsetters released in 1977. Along with Junior Murvin's Police and Thieves and Max Romeo's War Ina Babylon this album can be seen as part of a Black Ark Lee 'Scratch' Perry produced holy trinity. Highlights include the title track a Rasta-influenced cover of Bob Dylan's I Shall Be Released the menacing Storm Cloud and the determined Road Of Life.
 Bad Day for Trains is the second studio album by Canadian country music singer/songwriter Patricia Conroy and was released in 1992 by Warner Music Canada. The album was named Album of the Year by the Canadian Country Music Association in 1993.
 For the album of the same name mixed by the Fatboy Slim see On the Floor at the BoutiqueFor the album of the same name mixed by the Lo Fidelity Allstars see On the Floor at the Boutique - Volume 2On the Floor at the Boutique – Volume 3 is a live album mixed by Midfield General. It was recorded at the Big Beat Boutique in 1999 in Brighton England and released in 2000.
 Charge It 2 da Game is the second studio album by American rapper Silkk The Shocker released February 17 1998 on No Limit Records. Charge It 2 Da Game debuted at #3 on the Billboard 200 and #1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums selling 288000 copies in its first week. It was certified Platinum by the RIAA on March 25 1998.Two charting singles were released from the album Just Be Straight with Me (featuring Master P and Destiny's Child) and It Ain't My Fault (featuring Mystikal).
 Paradisiaque was the third studio album released by MC Solaar in 1997. The album was a departure from his previous work focusing more on the funk style.
 Goodbye is an album by vibraphonist Milt Jackson recorded in 1973 (with one track from 1972) and released on the CTI label.
 I Need Drugs is the debut studio album by the American rapper Necro released on November 7 2000 by Psycho+Logical-Records. This album maintains emphasis on both his violence and sex themes rather than focusing on one or the other such as in his 2001 album Gory Days and his 2005 album The Sexorcist respectively. The album spawned one single The Most Sadistic and a music video for the title track. The album contains 13 studio tracks and three radio freestyles.
 Candles in the Rain is singer Melanie's third album released in 1970. The album produced Melanie's first Top Ten single in North America Lay Down (Candles in the Rain) which was inspired by the crowd's reaction to her performance at Woodstock. The cover of The Rolling Stones' 1967 song Ruby Tuesday reached the Top Ten in the United Kingdom.
 Сontrasts II is the ninth release by Azeri jazz artist Aziza Mustafa Zadeh. The album Released in April 2007 in many EU countries. The sales of CD exceed 400.000 copies.
 The Flesh Eating Rollerskate Holiday Joyride is a holiday album by humor-core band Psychostick released in the United States on September 25 2007 through Rock Ridge Music. It is the band's final release to feature bassist Mike Kocian.As of October 2007 The Flesh Eating Rollerskate Holiday Joyride had reached No. 18 on Billboard's Top Holiday Albums.
 Storm & Grace is the third studio album from American singer/songwriter Lisa Marie Presley. It was released on May 15 2012 in the United States and Canada. It is the singer's first album in seven years since the release of Now What. Storm & Grace is also her first album released as part of Universal Republic after leaving her previous label Capitol. The album was produced by T-Bone Burnett. The first single to be released from the album was You Ain't Seen Nothin' Yet.
 Mclusky Do Dallas is the second album by three-piece Welsh band Mclusky released in 2002 by Beggars offshoot Too Pure Records. The album's title is a spin on Debbie Does Dallas a famous 1978 pornographic movie. It was re-released on limited edition white marble and clear orange vinyl as a Record Store Day exclusive in 2012.
 Scary Fragile is the second album by Australian singer–songwriter Butterfly Boucher.
 Bloodsports is the sixth studio album by English alternative rock band Suede. It was released on 18 March 2013 via Sony Music Entertainment. It is their first studio album since A New Morning in 2002.
 Back in the USA is the 1970 debut studio album and second album overall by the American protopunk band MC5. The opening track is a cover of the classic hit Tutti Frutti by Little Richard Let Me Try is a ballad The American Ruse attacks what the Detroit quintet saw as the hypocritical idea of freedom espoused by the US government and The Human Being Lawnmower expresses opposition to the US involvement in the Vietnam War.
 Unreleased is the eighth album released by rapper Andre Nickatina. It was released in 2001 and was produced by Andre Nickatina Nick Peace Juilan Piccolo Smoov-E and the Fillmoe Coleman Band (Black Diamond & Tebo). The album contained unreleased and rare tracks that did not make it to any of Nickatina's previous albums and was sold exclusively at Nickatina's concerts.
 Red is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was released on October 22 2012 by Big Machine Records as the follow-up to her third studio album Speak Now (2010). It was announced through Swift's live webchat on August 13 2012 in which she also revealed the album title and cover. Four promotional singles were released in the month leading up to the album release three of which debuted inside the top ten of the US Billboard Hot 100.
 Wunschkind (German for Wishchild) is the fourth studio album by the German band Oomph!. It is the only Oomph! album which doesn't have a single.
 Klassic The Best Of The Korgis is a compilation album by English pop band The Korgis. It was released by Music Club International UK in 2001.The compilation includes the alternate versions of Everybody's Gotta Learn Sometime and Nowhere To Run that first appeared on Edsel Records' 1999 CD re-issues of albums Dumb Waiters and Sticky George.
 Mona is the debut album by the American alternative rock band Mona. It was released in the United Kingdom and Europe on May 16 2011 via Zion Noiz Recordings/Island Records and in the United States on February 28 2012 via Zion Noiz Recordings/Mercury Records. The album was recorded and produced by the band independently and mixed by producer Rich Costey. Four singles were released from the album in the UK: Listen to Your Love Trouble On the Way Teenager and Shooting the Moon.
 X is the ninth studio album by Fourplay released in 2006.
 Steadlür is the debut studio album by Steadlür.
 Best of Lara Fabian is the first compilation released by Lara Fabian. It debuted at #1 on the Belgium Wallonie chart.The album focuses mainly on her French success excluding her first album and previous singles.
 The Lost Topic Tapes: Cowes Harbour 1957 is an album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott released in 2004. Elliott recorded a number of albums on the Topic label in London in the 1950s. The songs on this compilation are taken from rediscovered tapes found in the British Library in London. They were recorded on a yacht at Cowes Harbour in 1957. Several songs were issued in Britain on Jack Takes the Floor.
 The Beatnigs is the eponymous and only album from the San Francisco band The Beatnigs which combined hard-core punk industrial and hip hop influences.The band was started by Kevin Carnes with Michael Franti and Rono Tse as later additions.
 Thirteen Masks is the solo debut record of Jarboe released in 1991 through Sky Records. The album featured Swans members Michael Gira and Norman Westberg and Tony Maimone of Pere Ubu.
 LP is a 2006 album by American singer-songwriter Landon Pigg.
 Levitation is the tenth studio album by English rock group Hawkwind released in 1980. It peaked at No. 21 on the UK Albums Chart.At the time of its release band leader Dave Brock stated: with Levitation we’ve come full circle back to the style of our debut album.
 Music from the Film Hey Badfinger is the sixth album by guitarist and composer Roy Montgomery released on December 24 2012 through Yellow Electric.
 Dear Ella is a 1997 studio album by Dee Dee Bridgewater recorded in tribute to Ella Fitzgerald who had died the previous year. For Dear Ella Bridgewater won the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Album and Slide Hampton won the Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocalist(s) for his arrangement of Cotton Tail at the 40th Grammy Awards.
 Northampton is the 6th album and 2nd official live album for Enter the Haggis. It became available May 4 2006. It is the third album on their current label UFO Music (United for Opportunity) and was produced by the band and Zach McNees.The album was recorded entirely live at the Iron Horse Music Hall in Northampton Massachusetts on March 9 and 10 2007.The band had performed at Iron Horse Music Hall several times in the past and so could count on sold out shows.
 Debut Album (デビュー・アルバム Debyū Arubamu) is the debut and first studio album by Japanese singer Sayuri Ishikawa (石川さゆり). The album was released on 25 August 1973 by Nippon Columbia (日本コロムビア). Of the twelve songs in the album four are original songs written for Ishikawa. The other eight songs are covers.
 The Singles Collection 1981–1993 is a Greatest hits album by English pop singer Kim Wilde released on 6 September 1993.
 Praxis is a live album by Cecil Taylor recorded in Italy in July 1968 and released on the Greek Praxis label as a double LP. It features the first solo piano performance released by Taylor but has yet to be released on CD.
 Give Me a Future is an album by The Everly Brothers released in 2005 and the sequel to the similar release of the same year Too Good To Be True. Like its predecessor it contains previously unheard songs recorded by the group in the early stages of their career.
 Silence of the Balkans is Goran Bregović's live album recorded at his concert in Thessaloniki Greece on December 30 1997. As part of the EU's ongoing initiative Thessaloniki was designated European Capital of Culture for the year 1997 and Bregović's performance came as part of the city's final showcase.
 Internal Exile (A Collection of a Boy's Own Stories) was Fish's second solo album after leaving Marillion in 1988. The album released 28 October 1991 was inspired by the singer's past his own personal problems and his troubled experiences with his previous record label EMI.The album's music reflects Fish's indulgence in the vast regions of music that he wanted to explore as a solo artist; most notably Celtic music and folk styles.
 Black Box: The Complete Original Black Sabbath (1970–1978) is a collection of the first eight albums by the heavy metal band and a DVD of 4 videos. The set contains the albums recorded with original singer Ozzy Osbourne who was fired in 1979 after completion of the band's Never Say Die! tour. This marked the end of the group's original line-up that featured Osbourne guitarist Tony Iommi bassist Geezer Butler and drummer Bill Ward.
 Larry Carlton released in 1978 also known as the Room 335 album was recorded at Larry Carlton’s Room 335 Studio in Hollywood CA. Produced and arranged by Larry Carlton / Larry Carlton Productions. Engineered by Larry Carlton; Second Engineer: Steve Carlton.
 Amor Familia y Respeto (English: Love Family and Respect) is the debut studio album by Mexican-American cumbia group A.B. Quintanilla y Los Kumbia Kings and the debut studio album by Mexican-American musician A.B. Quintanilla. It was released on March 23 1999 by EMI Latin.
 Teenage Hate is the debut studio album by the American garage rock band The Reatards. It was released in 1998 via Goner Records.Goner Records reissued the album on May 17 2011 one year after Jay Reatard's death. The posthumous release included two rare recordings The Reatards Cassette and Fuck Elvis Here's The Reatards Cassette which have been previously released on only cassette format. These were included in the bonus disc.
 Uncaged is the third major-label studio album by the Zac Brown Band. It was released on July 10 2012. The album's lead single The Wind was released on June 6 2012. The album won Best Country Album at the 2013 Grammy Awards.
 The Devil's Bris is the debut album by the dark cabaret/Dark Wave artist Voltaire. It was released in 1998 by Projekt Records. The album's title is derived from the juxtaposition of the figure of the devil and the Jewish circumcision ritual the bris milah.The tracks Ex-Lover's Lover and When You're Evil also appear on Voltaire's greatest hits album Deady Sings!.
 Between is the third studio album by English recording artist Frankmusik. It was released digitally worldwide on 7 June 2013 on his own independent record label VDI USA Inc and was followed by an acoustic album Between Us. Between features new versions of three songs from the Far from Over EP released in February 2013.
 Soy is the debut CD by Cynthia. It was released on June 26 2006. She said that the album 'is to sing in the car or in a den at home and the single 'Soy' is a way to go to the public and say that I accept'. With the collaboration of Yahir the album won first place in the Desafio de Estrellas.[citation needed]
 Sublimation is the first studio album by American progressive metal band Canvas Solaris. It was released in 2004.
 The Eminent Jay Jay Johnson Volume 2 is an album by American jazz trombonist J. J. Johnson. It features performances recorded in 1954 and 1955 that were originally released on the Blue Note label as 10-inch LP records.
 The Kicker is the first album by jazz saxophonist Joe Henderson released on the Milestone label. It was recorded on August 10 1967 with one track coming from a later session on September 27 and features performances by Henderson with Mike Lawrence Grachan Moncur III Kenny Barron Ron Carter and Louis Hayes.
 The Best of E-40: Yesterday Today and Tomorrow is the first greatest hits compilation by American rapper E-40. It was released August 24 2004 on Jive Records and Sick Wid It Records. The album peaked at number 43 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 133 on the Billboard 200.A companion DVD was released in 2007 featuring fifteen E-40 music videos.
 The Troubled Troubadour is a posthumous expanded compact disc edition of punk rock singer-songwriter and musician GG Allin's original 1990 7 EP of the same name.With the 1500-copy pressing of the original Troubled Troubador EP having long sold out by the time GG Allin had died of a drug overdose in 1993 Mountain Records owner and president Stewart Brodian had been getting a large amount of requests from Allin fans who had missed out on the original recording.In October 1995 Brodian gathered together the original master tape of the 7 EP which was still in his possession and with the help of Allin's friend and archivist Skeeter Rider added an outtake from the same May 1989 session that originally produced the EP a 1985 acoustic demo of an early Allin-composed and performed country song two spoken word tracks recorded by Allin in 1988 two cover versions recorded with The Jabbers in 1982 and with The Disappointments in July 1989 and - probably the most fascinating of the bonus tracks - three unedited phone conversations between GG Allin and Stewart Brodian recorded on Brodian's answering machine in Pennsylvania and conducted from GG's end while he was serving his felonious assault sentence in Michigan.
 World in Motion is the third studio album by Swiss singer DJ BoBo released in 1996.
 The Dismemberment Plan Is Terrified is the second studio album by American indie rock band The Dismemberment Plan. It was released on March 17 1997 on Desoto Records. Musically the album is less violent and less extravagant than its predecessor !. The album received positive reviews from critics and got the band to sign with major record label Interscope.
 Red Beat is the third studio album of Christina Aguilar - a popular Thai artist. It became her biggest-selling album and has sold over 3000000 copies in Thailand. Christina spent nearly two years on the tour of this album. More than a half of the album has been promoted. Mai Yak Rok and Rak Thur Thee Sud became her iconic songs. Mai Mee Crai Kho Rong has been covered and re-arranged in English for her first English album Christina & Fern.
 We're All Great Directors is an album by Zhao Wei. It marks the release of the second album by independent music studio MBOX.This album online digital download released in 7 August2009.
 4-Way Diablo is the seventh studio album by American stoner rock band Monster Magnet. It was recorded in different recording studios: Sound City Studios American Studios The Sunset Lodge and Hydeaway Studios during 2006 and 2007. It was released in 2007 November 5 in Europe and November 6 in the United States where it sold 1800 copies on its first week of release.Following the album's release none of its songs were included in the concert sets.
 Back to Time (Complete EMI Years) is a compilation album by Greek singer Anna Vissi including the whole recordings which are now back catalogue items of Minos EMI.
 Allt Sem Ég Á (En: All That I Am) is the debut album of the Idol Stjörnuleit season three winner Snorri Snorrason. It features songs in both English & Icelandic.
 The Bird and the Bee Sides is a double EP by the American band Relient K. In the United States it was released on July 1 2008.The double EP is contained on a single disc and contains the The Nashville Tennis EP and The Bird and the Bee Sides. The Nashville Tennis EP (a pun on Nashville Tennessee) is the band's seventh EP.
 Pomme Fritz is a 1994 EP by The Orb. It was The Orb's first studio production released on Island Records. Pomme Fritz is a chaotic EP which Rolling Stone described as an aural feast despite its lack of cohesion and direction. Though Pomme Fritz reached as high as #6 on the UK charts UK critics panned it as doodling and noted its absence of focus. Even Island Records hated it and didn't understand it at all according to Paterson.
 Sextant is the eleventh album by Herbie Hancock and the last album with his Mwandishi Band.
 Elements is the third album released by the progressive / technical death metal band Atheist. It was released on August 30 1993 by Music for Nations in Europe and by Metal Blade Records in the US. Elements was reissued by Relapse Records in 2005 and was digitally remastered with the addition of six bonus tracks.The album has more of a jazz influenced style than their two previous albums[citation needed] but it remains highly technically complex.
 Gash is a Foetus album released in 1995 by Sony/Columbia. Gash is the only Foetus album to appear on a major label and their most widely distributed with releases in North America Europe and Japan. Gash is Columbia Records #CK 66461.
 Carte Blanche is the second studio album by American hip hop rapper Phat Kat released April 3 2007 on Look Records in the United States. It is the follow-up to his previous album The Undeniable (2004).
 Cowgirl's Prayer is a 1993 Emmylou Harris album. Coming immediately after 1992's live acoustic At the Ryman album Cowgirl's Prayer was a collection of similarly subdued material (with a couple of rockers thrown in notably High Powered Love the album's first single). Released at a time when older artists (i.e.
 Pissin' Razorbladez is Angerfist's first complete album. The boxset includes 2 CDs and a DVD with video material.
 Two Sides to Every Story is a 1977 album by American singer-songwriter Gene Clark. The album was Clark's first release since his 1974 album No Other. Notable tracks include In the Pines (traditional) Kansas City Southern and Hear the Wind both written by Clark and Give My Love to Marie a song written by James Talley that tells the story of a dying coal miner.The album was produced by Thomas Jefferson Kaye.
 Ein kleines bisschen Horrorschau (A little bit of horrorshow) (subtitled: Die Lieder aus Clockwork Orange und andere schmutzige Melodien [The songs from Clockwork Orange and other dirty melodies]) is the sixth LP by Die Toten Hosen released in 1988.
 Mine is a 1973 compilation album by singer-songwriter Dolly Parton issued by RCA's budget compilation division RCA Camden. As was the case with Parton's 1972 RCA Camden compilation Just the Way I Am the album was an attempt by RCA to capitalize on Parton's early 1970s chart success by reissuing some of her lesser known material (in this case tracks recorded between 1969 and 1970) as a budget release for newer fans who might not have purchased her earlier albums.
 Sonic Heroes Original Soundtrax is a video game soundtrack album for the 2003 and 2004 video game Sonic Heroes. It was released as a CD on November 9 2004. The album contains thirty songs plus twelve songs in Triple Threat: Sonic Heroes Vocal Trax. The album was also released in Indonesia on December 22 2004 and only sold in Jabotabek Surabaya Medan and Bandung.
 Kill Trend Suicide is a mini-album by grindcore band Brutal Truth. It was labelled as a mini-album due to it being longer than an EP but not as long as a standard album. This release shows a shift from the deathgrind sound that the band had previously played by incorporating elements of crust punk rock and experimental music. Riffs that sound similar to that of Frank Zappa can also be found on this mini-album most prominent being on the song Zombie.[citation needed]
 Lightning Strikes Again is the tenth studio album by heavy metal band Dokken. It was originally scheduled for release on October 24 2007 in Japan and on October 29 worldwide but was postponed until 2008. The album was eventually released on May 13 in the US.The album entered the Billboard Top 200 at #133 the band's best chart performance since 2004. It received some of the best reviews since the band's classic era in the 1980s.
 Bleed Like Me is the fourth studio album recorded and produced by alternative rock group Garbage. It was released on April 11 2005 by Universal Music Group label Geffen in North America and by Warner Bros. Records in other territories.
 Versions is an album by Thievery Corporation released in 2006. The album consists of a collection of hard to find remixes done by Thievery Corporation largely of other artists' material and the original Thievery Corporation track Originality.
 Dragonfly is the 10th album by Masami Okui released on 2 February 2005. This album is the first album she released under her own record label company Evolution.
 Humanoid is the third German studio album and the second English studio album by German band Tokio Hotel. Released through Island Records and Cherrytree Records the album was recorded in both German and English with both versions set for a simultaneous worldwide release bearing the same title Humanoid. The German version of the album was released on October 2 2009 in Germany and other European countries while the English version was released in the United States on October 6 2009.
 Peace Together was a 20 July 1993 fundraiser compilation album released by the Peace Together organisation dedicated to promoting peace in Northern Ireland which was started by Robert Hamilton of The Fat Lady Sings and Ali McMordie of Stiff Little Fingers.Tracks 1 and 13 feature contributions from Peter Gabriel Sinéad O'Connor Feargal Sharkey Nanci Griffith Jah Wobble Clive Langer and members of the Hothouse Flowers.
 Mr. Big released in the middle of his Reprise Records period was another compilation of Little Richard's mid 1960s recordings for the Vee Jay Records label. Released on the UK Joy label it is included in the album chronology because none of the tracks had previously been released on an album. A later album with not only the same name but also the same cover was released for the US market in 1974 with different tracks. (See The Alternate Mr. Big).
 Stay Human is the third studio release by Michael Franti & Spearhead. Many of the tracks on this album are fictional radio segments focusing on the case of Sister Fatima who is executed by album's end. In the Radio Segments Governor Franklin Shane is played by Woody Harrelson.
 Kevin Volans: Hunting:Gathering is a studio album by the Kronos Quartet containing works by South African composer Kevin Volans composed especially for the quartet.
 The Wayward Sons of Mother Earth is the debut album by British folk metal group Skyclad and is regarded as one of the first folk metal albums with the track The Widdershins Jig in particular pointing the way for the genre. Front cover artwork is by Garry Sharpe-Young.
 In Pursuit of Blackness is an album by American saxophonist Joe Henderson released in 1971 on Milestone. It features three tracks recorded in studio in 1971 and two tracks recorded live at the legendary Lighthouse Café in 1970.
 Glee: The Music The Christmas Album Volume 3 is the fourteenth album by the Glee cast. It features six songs from the fourth season and four bonus songs. It was released on December 11 2012.
 Dust is a 2003 album released by Cypress Hill producer DJ Muggs. It is a departure from his previous works as it is more of a trip hop rock electronica based CD. The album was originally released on ANTI- Records then re-released on ANTI-'s sister label Epitaph Records on May 8 2007. The album features vocals by Josh Todd Greg Dulli Amy Trujillo and Everlast.DJ Muggs is often credited just as Muggs for this album.
 Black Cars is the eighth album by Gino Vannelli released in 1984. Co-produced with his brothers Joe and Ross the album has a distinctive 80s sound with heavy use of Yamaha keyboards and synthesizers. It produced two hit singles in the title track and Hurts to Be in Love. In 1984 HME Records (NYNY) issued a 3-song 12 EP with three versions of Black Cars a special dance mix (5:55) an instrumental dub mix (3:42) and the album version (3:07).
 Collaborations is rapper KJ-52's second studio album and his first distributed by BEC Recordings. It features his most known song Dear Slim which was shown on Total Request Live and described his aspirations such as Rise Up (featuring Rob Beckley of Pillar and Trevor McNevan of Thousand Foot Krutch)as well as Revenge of the Nerds (featuring Pigeon John).
 Hassle is the debut album by the Swedish pop singer Erik Hassle. The album was released on August 19 2009 in Sweden and features the top 30 singles Hurtful and Don't Bring Flowers. The album peaked at number 2 on the Swedish album charts.
 Psycho Thug is the fifth album released by rapper Ganksta N-I-P. It was released on May 18 1999 through independent label Happy Alone Records and was produced by 151 Productions Bishop Dope E J Slash J.B. and Scagnetti Al Capone. This marked Ganksta N-I-P's first album to not be released through Rap-a-Lot Records.
 Fanfare to Nekkyō (ファンファーレと熱狂 Fanfāre to Nekkyō Fanfare and Wild Enthusiasm) is Andymori's second album released on February 3 2010 (2010-02-03). The title comes from a line from the first track 1984.
 All Will Be Revealed is a 2005 album by the British heavy metal band Diamond Head. This was Diamond Head's first album with new singer Nick Tart and also the only album to feature Arian Mills on guitar who was replaced by Andy 'Abbz' Abberley during the second leg of this tour - his first show at The Shed in Leicester in May 2006.
 The Patti Smith Masters is the box set by American rock singer-songwriter Patti Smith released June 18 1996 on Arista Records. The box set contains 20-bit digitally remastered CD versions of the first 5 Patti Smith's albums with bonus tracks and a 6th disc Selected Songs.
 Object 47 is the eleventh studio album by the English post punk band Wire named so because it is the 47th item in the Wire discography - a methodology harking back to the name of their 1979 album 154 which was named after the number of concerts they had played to that point. It is the first Wire album without the participation of guitarist Bruce Gilbert. It was released on 7 July 2008 in the UK and on 15 July in the US.
 ReVamp is the self-titled 2010 debut by Dutch progressive metal act ReVamp. The album was released in Sweden and Finland on 26 May 2010 in Germany Austria Switzerland the Netherlands Belgium Italy and Spain on the 28 May 2010 and the rest of Europe on 31 May 2010. It was released in United States on 27 July 2010.The album is the first release by lead singer Floor Jansen since her previous band After Forever's self-titled album of 2007.
 Bandit Queen E.P. is a 12 vinyl remix EP by Muslimgauze. Bandit Queen (Original Mix) is the same version as on the CD release Blue Mosque. Druse (Original Mix) is the same as the first version of the song Druse on the album Betrayal. Druse (Panasonic Mix) was later released on the double-CD Occupied Territories.
 Mutiny on the Bay is a live album by the Dead Kennedys. It was compiled and released after a lengthy lawsuit which resulted in the rights to the Dead Kennedys' catalog being transferred from lead singer/songwriter Jello Biafra's record label Alternative Tentacles to the other three members of the band. Its quality has been criticized by Jello Biafra.
 Two Bones is an album by American trombonist Curtis Fuller recorded in 1958 but not released until the Japanese King Records label issued it in 1979 under license. The session (plus additional alternate takes) was finally released in the U.S. as part of the Mosaic Records box set The Complete Blue Note/UA Curtis Fuller Sessions in 1996.
 Birdy is the first soundtrack and sixth album overall by British rock musician Peter Gabriel for the movie of the same name released in 1985 (see 1985 in music). The album marked Gabriel's first work with producer Daniel Lanois. It was remastered with most of Gabriel's catalogue in 2002.In addition to composing new pieces for the soundtrack Gabriel also used instrumental themes and sections from earlier works to form the basis of some tracks.
 Witchcraft was the ninth album by the German heavy metal band Stormwitch released in 2004. The album sees a further expansion on the new style first shown in Dance With The Witches with a prominent use of keyboards that gave a much more symphonic sound. This was the last album to feature this lineup as all members except for Andy Mück have since left the band.An extract of a video for Fallen From God can be viewed on Stormwitch's website.
 Music Kills Me is a 2002 album by Rinôçérôse.
 T.P.E. Featuring Adam Marano is the debut album of the dance-pop and freestyle project T.P.E. created by music producer Adam Marano. The album was released in 1992 by Micmac Records. Of the four singles released from the album the only one to succeed was Then Came You which reached No. 91 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1991. Other singles of this album were Forever and a Day released in 1992 Sex U Down released in 1993 and Dance with Me released in 1994.
 Kidz Bop 24 is the 24th album in the Kidz Bop series and was released on July 16 2013. It debuted at number 3 on the Billboard 200 chart with first-week sales of 62000. As of February 2014 it has since sold 306000 copies in the United States. The release marks Stefan's Charisma's Eva's Hanna's and Elijah's fifth and last album.
 Ape Uprising! is the seventh studio album released by the American heavy metal band Slough Feg (formerly The Lord Weird Slough Feg). A vinyl edition was released in 2009 by Iron Kodex Records. 666 copies were pressed the first 150 on brown/yellow/orange haze vinyls.
 Marching Out is the second studio album by guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen released on 30 September 1985 through Polydor Records. The eighth track On the Run Again is a remake of Victim of the City a 1983 song by Malmsteen's earlier band Steeler which was later released on their 2005 compilation album Metal Generation: The Steeler Anthology.
 Inner Wastelands is the debut studio album released by the Italian gothic rock band Dakrua.
 V.I.P. is the fifth studio album by hip hop group Jungle Brothers released in 2000.
 Oscillation Isolator is the second album by fire Zuave. Released in 2009 fire Zuave continues to feature cover artwork by David Barnes.
 An Old Time Christmas is an album of Christmas music by country music artist Randy Travis. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA.
 First Aid Kit is the second full-length studio album by Disco Ensemble originally released in 2005 in Finland by Fullsteam Records. In 2006 it was reissued as a worldwide release by Universal Music Group. Four songs were rerecorded for this reissue and it also included one additional track Eyes of a Ghost from the Black Euro CD single. A Japanese version was also released which included five bonus tracks.
 Just No Other Way is Coco Lee's first full-English language album. It consists of pop and R&B songs. It features the singles Before I Fall In Love (from the Runaway Bride soundtrack) Can't Get Over featuring Kelly Price Wherever You Go and her largest U.S. Billboard hit so far Do You Want My Love. While all three singles received a warm reception only one single charted. Do You Want My Love became a moderate hit peaking at number 49 on the U.S. Hot Dance Club Play chart.
 Wavvves is the second album by the American band Wavves.
 Alicia Bridges is the eponymous debut album from disco singer-songwriter Alicia Bridges released in 1978 on Polydor Records.
 Rumba Palace is an album by Arturo Sandoval released in 2007. In the United States the album reached a peak position of number 20 on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums charts.
 Hustlan.A.I.R.E. is a studio album released by Messy Marv on July 18 2006. Guest appearances on the album include Birdman Keak Da Sneak Lucci The Click Clack Gang E-40 B-Legit & Noble.
 Trickles is the first album by Steve Lacy to be released on the Italian Black Saint label. It features performances of five of Lacy's compositions by Lacy Roswell Rudd Kent Carter and Beaver Harris.
 9th Empyrean is the second studio album by Taiwanese black metal band Chthonic released in 2000. The album was originally only available in Taiwan until it was re-released by Nightfall Records in English format in 2002. Both versions of the album are now out of print and extremely difficult to find.It is the only Chthonic album to feature two different (although similar) album covers upon its initial release.
 L'Autre... is the third studio album by Mylène Farmer released on April 9 1991. It contains the singer's biggest hit Désenchantée which was number-one in France for nine weeks and other three top ten hits. The album was generally well received by the critics and was a great success in terms of chart and sales (#1 for twenty weeks) becoming the best-selling album throughout the singer's career and the third best-selling album of all time in France.
 The JPN version of Ayu-mi-x II is called so because it features Japanese remixers & DJs. This version contains 12 remixes by producers such as GTS Yukihiro Fukutomi Fantastic Plastic Machine Izumi Miyazaki among others. The album was released on March 8 2000 in order to further promote Hamasaki's second studio album Loveppears.
 Lowest Music & Arts 1980–1983 is a box set compilation by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow it is composed of recordings from the earliest years of Merzbow. It is released on ten LPs. Some material was partially included in the Merzbox.
 Cesária is an album by Cesária Évora.
 L'ami du Peuple is the seventh full length album by Chicago musician Mike Kinsella under the moniker Owen. Announced on April 11 2013 the new record was released on July 2 2013. It features ten tracks recorded with collaboration from friends in the Chicago area indie scene.
 No Gods is the debut full-length studio album by British rock band Sharks which was released by Rise Records on 19 March 2012 in the UK and on 20 March 2012 in the US. The album was recorded in Baltimore MD from September to early October 2011 and was produced by Brian McTernan. The band recorded a total of 14 tracks.
 This Moment is the Rest of Your Life was a four song sampler released by Artemis Records as a promotion for Lollipop Lust Kill's major label debut My So Called Knife. It is notable due to the alternate versions of two songs found on that album which ironically are billed as album versions. These tracks Father and Like a Disease are each distinct from what appears on the LP.
 Soft Dangerous Shores is the twelfth album by singer-songwriter and guitarist Chris Whitley. It is his tenth studio album.Malcolm Burn produced mixed and played on the album. It was recorded by Burn in Kingston New York.
 Buddy Rich in Miami is a 1958 Verve live album by Buddy Rich featuring Flip Phillips recorded at the Dream Bar of the Johnina Hotel in Miami Beach Florida in 1957.The album has been re-issued on CD alone and also as Live in Miami with Flip Phillips together with several additional tracks from a 1954 Rich/Phillips LA studio recording session with the Oscar Peterson Trio.
 Split Personality is the debut album by rapper Cassidy. It was released on March 16 2004. It debuted at #2 on the U.S. Billboard 200 with 118000 copies sold in its first week. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA for shipping over 500000 copies.
 Follow Me Home is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Jay Rock released on July 26 2011 under Top Dawg Entertainment and Strange Music. The album preceded by the singles All My Life (In the Ghetto) and Hood Gone Love It features guest appearances from Lil Wayne will.i.am Kendrick Lamar Chris Brown Tech N9ne and Rick Ross among others. The album's production was handled by Cool & Dre Focus... J.U.S.T.I.C.E.
 F.U.E.P. (Fuck You Extended Play) is the first extended play by British recording artist Lily Allen. It was released on 31 March 2009 by Capitol Records exclusively to iTunes U.S. store. Its cover art is a simple shot taken during the It's Not Me It's You promo shoot. It features a clean edit of Fuck You the cover of Britney Spears' song Womanizer and the B-sides to the single The Fear entitled Fag Hag and Kabul Shit.
 Scars is the second studio album by the Chicago-based metal group Soil. The album was released on September 11 2001 via J Records. Although the band's second album it was their first major label release and proved to be their most commercially successful. Its popular single Halo effectively launched the band into mainstream exposure. Scars was the first hard rock or heavy metal album released through J Records.
 Jaci Velasquez is the self-titled fourth studio album by Contemporary Christian singer Jaci Velasquez. It was released in 1998 on Myrrh Records.
 Effete and Impudent Snobs is the third album by the Minneapolis-based noise rock band Cows.
 The Peel Sessions 1991–2004 is a compilation album by English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey released on 23 October 2006 on Island Records.
 Greatest Hits is the first compilation album by American country music artist Earl Thomas Conley. It was released in September 1985 via RCA Records. The album peaked at number 1 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 The World Won't End is a Pernice Brothers album released in 2001.
 Almost an Island is the seventh album by Scottish Celtic rock group Wolfstone released in 2002. It was their first studio album to be released on their own label Once Bitten Records.
 Sitan vez is an album of Croatian singer Miroslav Škoro. It was released in 1996 on the Croatia Records record label.
 The World of the Partridge Family was a compilation by The Partridge Family. This was their only 2-record set as well as their last release on the Bell label featuring 20 songs from the previous albums (except Christmas Card and Crossword Puzzle) including all their charted hits. Shortly after this release which did not chart Bell Records was sold and renamed Arista. The album was renumbered as Arista 4021 but no new copies were printed.
 Alfagamabetizado is the first album released by Brazilian recording artist Carlinhos Brown. The 16-track album was produced by Wally Badarou Arto Lindsay and by Carlinhos Brown himself.Among the songs Quixabeira was a highlight bringing Doces Bárbaros Caetano Veloso Gilberto Gil Gal Costa and Maria Bethânia together again. Marisa Monte and Nando Reis participated on the track Seo Zé.
 Mirage: The Remixes was released in June 2011 after his biggest musical project to date Armin's fourth studio album Mirage which received two gold records.
 When Bush Comes to Shove is a 2002 album by the Capitol Steps.
 Breaking Glass is the first album by English singer-songwriter and actress (born February 12 1952) Hazel O'Connor issued in 1980 on the A&M. label. It is the soundtrack to the film Breaking Glass starring Phil Daniels Hazel O'Connor and Jon Finch. The album reached #5 in the UK Album Charts.
 Dear Lover is the 12th album by American alt-country musician Matthew Ryan released in October 2009.
 Americana is a 2008 album by Canadian singer Roch Voisine. Many of the tracks were recorded in Nashville Tennessee. He followed that in 2009 with the album AmerIIcana.
 Cat on a Hot Fiddle is a 1960 studio album by Stuff Smith. This album featured the recording debut of Shirley Horn.
 In Abstraction is the 4th studio album by the American band A Hope for Home. It was released on December 6 2011 through Facedown Records.
 Revocation is the fourth studio album by American technical death metal band Revocation released on August 5 2013 by Relapse Records.
 Girlschool is the eighth studio album by British heavy metal band Girlschool released on Communiqué Records and Progressive International in 1992. It is the fourth and last studio album recorded with lead guitarist Cris Bonacci and the only one with bassist Jackie Carrera.
 Kurutta Taiyou (狂った太陽 Lunatic Sun) is the sixth studio album by the Japanese rock band Buck-Tick. It was released on cassette and CD on February 21 1991 through Victor Entertainment. The album was digitally remastered and re-released on September 19 2002 with two bonus tracks. It was remastered and re-released again on September 5 2007. M・A・D and Jupiter were later re-recorded for the group's compilation album Koroshi no Shirabe: This Is Not Greatest Hits (1992).
 Duet in Detroit is a live album by drummer Roy Brooks recorded in between 1983 and 1989 and released on the Enja label in 1993.
 Live In Wacken is the sixth live album by the German hard rock band Bonfire. It was released in 2013 by LZ Records and Sony Music. The live performances on the album were recorded on two different occasions in 1998 at Wacken and 2008 in Ingolstadt (the latter recording is indicated as bonus tracks). In addition there are two studio tracks: a re-recording of Domo Arigato from You Make Me Feel now called Thank You and a longer mix of Hold Me Now from Branded.
 Didn't You Used to Be... was the only album David Cassidy released on Scotti Brothers Records. The album was released in 1992. Originally titled Didn't You Used to be? is David Cassidy's 9th studio album.
 Nirvana is a best-of compilation album by the American grunge band Nirvana released in October 2002.
 Mendocino Homeland is an extended play by the American punk rock band The Lookouts. It was released in 1989 through vocalist/guitarist Larry Livermore's label Lookout! Records.
 Heartbreaker is an album by The O'Jays released in 1993 on the EMI label.
 By Choice or by Force is the tenth studio album by rapper Pastor Troy released on July 25 2006.
 Admiral Freebee is the debut album of the Belgian rock band Admiral Freebee released in 2003.
 Twilight is the third album released by Blue System. Was published in October 9 1989 by BMG Ariola and was produced by Dieter Bohlen. The album contains 10 new songs.
 Carryin' On with Johnny Cash and June Carter is the twenty-fifth album released by country musicians Johnny Cash and June Carter Cash in 1967 (see 1967 in music) on Columbia Records. The album consists exclusively of duets by Cash and Carter most famously Jackson though Long Legged Guitar Pickin' Man was also released as a single.
 Sobrenatural (English: Supernatural)is the Latin Grammy-nominated second studio album by Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Alexis & Fido released on November 13 2007 by Sony BMG Latin. The first single from the album is titled 5 Letras and is produced by Doble A & Nales Los Presidentes. Artists featured on the album are Ñejo & Dalmata Toby Love De La GhettoVoltio Jadiel Erick Right and Los Yetzons a duo signed on to their Wild Dogz label.
 II & III is a 1986 album by musical group Camper Van Beethoven released on Pitch-a-Tent and Rough Trade. It was the band's second album.After releasing their debut album original drummer Anthony Guess left the band and guitarist Greg Lisher joined. With the band temporarily lacking a drummer guitarist Chris Molla played many of the drum parts on 'II & III' with singer/rhythm guitarist David Lowery playing some of the drum parts as well.
 Motown & More is the eighteenth overall and thirteenth North American album released by the a cappella group Rockapella. Just like the live show it accompanies the album consists of covers of classic Motown covers.
 Frankly Sentimental is the fourth studio album by Frank Sinatra released on June 20 1949 as a set of four 78 rpm records and a 10 LP album. The tracks were arranged and conducted by Axel Stordahl and his orchestra.The album is a compilation of eight recordings from eight different sessions between 1946 and 1947.
 Duet is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams featuring duet performances with Amina Claudine Myers which was released on the Italian Black Saint label in 1981.
 Plays the Theme from The V.I.P.s and Other Great Songs is an album of theme music by jazz pianist Bill Evans with an orchestra conducted by Claus Ogerman recorded in 1963 for the MGM label.
 The Essential is an album released in 1997 by Don Johnson on the Sony Music Media Record Label.
 Vivi and... is an album by Taiwanese singer/actress/model Vivian Hsu released September 19 2006 on the Avex label. This album includes the hit single 美人魚 written by Jay Chou.Catalog number: AVCCD90085/AVTCD95920
 Spirit is the second album by singer/songwriter Jewel released in 1998 by Atlantic. Singles include Hands Down So Long and a newly recorded version of Jupiter followed by a remix of What's Simple Is True to promote Jewel's debut film Ride with the Devil.
 Life On Other Planets or L.O.O.P as it is often abbreviated to is the fourth album by English alternative rock band Supergrass. It is the first album that includes Rob Coombes as an official member of the band and originally went under the working title of 'Get Lost'. It peaked at #9 in the UK charts.
 Sound Pieces is an album by American jazz composer conductor and arranger Oliver Nelson featuring performances recorded in 1966 for the Impulse! label.
 The Luxury Gap is the second album by the English synthpop band Heaven 17.
 The Last Days of Gravity is Younger Brother's second album. It is a collaborative downtempo psychedelic project between English psytrance Producers Simon Posford (Hallucinogen Shpongle) and Benji Vaughan (Prometheus Cyberbabas).The album was positively received by critics.
 Glistening Pleasure is the title of the debut album by Seattle-based rock band Natalie Portman's Shaved Head (now Brite Futures) released in the United States through Team Swam Records on July 15 2008.
 Trick Pony is the eponymous debut from the American country music group Trick Pony released in 2001 on Warner Bros. Records Nashville. The album produced three singles in Pour Me On a Night Like This and Just What I Do which respectively reached #12 #4 and #13 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. Just What I Do was nominated for the 2003 Grammy Awards for Best Country Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocals.
 Horizons is the fifth album led by saxophonist Charles McPherson recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label.
 Wait for Me is the platinum-selling debut album of Leeds band The Pigeon Detectives. The album was released for CD 12 and digital download on 28 May 2007 and charted in the UK Albums Chart at number three in its first week of release. The album sold around 227000 copies in 2007 reaching #70 in the end of year chart. It was certified platinum in June 2008. Upon the albums release it received generally positive reviews from most critics.
 Live! or Selena Live! is a live album by American Tejano pop singer Selena which was released on May 4 1993 by EMI Latin. The album was re-released on September 22 2002 as being part of the Selena: 20 Years of Music collection; which included spoken liner notes by her family friends and her former band members Selena y Los Dinos. Live! includes three cumbia-influenced studio tracks while the rest of the album consists of live versions of previously released songs.
 Grabsteinland I is the seventh album of Untoten.
 Baby's Got a Gun is the third album released by the power pop group The Only Ones.
 Zu alt (German for too old) is a live album by German Heavy Metal band Knorkator released in November 2005.
 The Magellan Complex is an EP/DVD by the metal band Dry Kill Logic. It was released on June 27 2006 through Repossession Records.
 The Garden is a 1981 album by John Foxx the follow-up to his debut solo album Metamatic released the previous year. However its instrumentation and highly romantic style is more comparable to Systems of Romance his last album with former band Ultravox released in 1978.
 Very Saxy is an album by saxophonist Eddie Lockjaw Davis with Buddy Tate Coleman Hawkins and Arnett Cobb recorded in 1959 for the Prestige label.
 Permanent Record – Live & Otherwise is a DVD released by the Violent Femmes on July 12 2005. The first thirteen tracks were filmed during a live concert at The Boat House in Norfolk Virginia on July 21 1991. Tracks 14 through 20 are music videos. The last track is footage of an impromptu performance of Kiss Off in front of the Downer Theater in the band's hometown of Milwaukee Wisconsin.Duration: 80 minutes.
 Games is an award winning compact disc by the University of Northern Iowa Jazz Band One recorded in the studio with one cut recorded live at the 1998 Montreux Jazz Festival. This was their 7th CD release in as many years. This group has been consistently recognized as one of the top collegiate jazz ensembles in the country having won numerous Down Beat awards and accolades from music industry professionals. Bob Washut has a magical way with these kids.
 Advance and Vanquish is the second studio album by Canadian heavy metal band 3 Inches of Blood. It was released on September 28 2004 and was their first release by Roadrunner Records. It is the only release by the band to feature bassist and drummer Brian Redman and Matt Wood respectively and the last to feature original guitarists Sunny Dhak and Bobby Froese who later went on to reform their previous band Pride Tiger.
 The Board of Directors is a LP album recorded at the A & R Recording Studios in New York on November 20–21 1967 and released in 1968 featuring the Mills Brothers with Count Basie and orchestra. The arrangements and conducting were by Dick Hyman and the sound engineer was Phil Ramone.The theme of the title was taken from the Basie band album recorded in April 1958 Chairman of the Board (reissued 1970 by Roulette Records).
 Gold is a 2-disc greatest hits album released by the funk/R&B group Cameo in 2005. The collection is track for track the same as the 2002 release Anthology even including the same liner notes. The only difference is the new title and cover art.
 The Book About My Idle Plot on a Vague Anxiety is the debut album by Japanese math rock band toe released in 2005.
 Last Night When We Were Young is a studio album by trumpeter Art Farmer with an orchestra of strings arranged and composed by Quincy Jones. It was recorded in two sessions in 1957.
 The Experiment is the debut full-length studio album by Australian electronic band Art vs. Science. The band confirmed on Twitter that it is due to be released on 25 February 2011. In December 2010 the album was made available to pre-order on iTunes. Magic Fountain and Finally See Our Way were released as singles in 2010 prior to the album's release.
 The Clisto E.P. is an E.P. by Thighpaulsandra released in 2007.
 July Flame is American singer-songwriter Laura Veirs' seventh studio album released on January 12 2010. The title comes from a type of peach Veirs saw at a farmer's market. Jim James of American rock band My Morning Jacket contributes falsetto harmonies on several tracks including Carol Kaye which is a tribute to the so named bass guitarist.
 Dance is the fifth studio album and third under his own name by the British musician Gary Numan released in 1981. It is his first release after announcing his retirement from touring in April 1981 (about which he would soon change his mind). The album reached #3 on the UK charts breaking his chain of three consecutive #1 albums.
 FabricLive.65 is a 2012 DJ mix album by DJ Hazard. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Hey! is the debut studio album by Brazilian recording artist Jullie. It was released on September 22 2009 by Deckdisc. After writing songs for several established acts Jullie released this album. The main theme of the songs is girl power. The songs are mostly inspired by Jullie's love of youth rebellion and discover who you are in 4.modern lifestyle.
 On tha Cool is the second studio album by the American rapper Baby Beesh released on June 11 2002 on Dope House Records. It was produced by Happy P and Johnny Z. The album has guest performances by SPM Jay Tee Russell Lee Don Cisco Mr. Shadow and DJ Kane.The songs Vamanos and They Don't Even Know also appeared on the album Velvetism.
 Speak of the Dead is the 17th studio album by the German heavy metal band Rage released in 2006 by Nuclear Blast. The album contains a mix of different heavy metal music genres ranging from symphonic and progressive to fast and brutal thrash metal. The band go back to the album Lingua Mortis' themes and atmospheres in the suite that opens the album called Suite Lingua Mortis that consists in 8 parts using a full symphonic orchestra recorded in Minsk Belarus.
 Colours is the second album of the Danish soft rock band Michael Learns to Rock. It was released in October 1993.
 Cinematique 2 is the second in a series of three albums by Paul Haig subtitled Themes to Unknown Films. The album was released by ROL in 2001.As with the first Cinematique album released in 1991 this second set is divided into three suites: Paradise Firefly AppleCorr and Looking.
 A studio album by Oakland CA band The K.G.B. released on DreamWorks Records in 2001. This CD was the first and only full length studio album the band released while signed to a record company. The opening track Fortune & Fame was also featured (along with the band) in the movie Road Trip.
 When the Shadows Beam is an EP released by Silverstein in 2002. Only limited copies were printed. The songs Red Light Pledge Wish I Could Forget You and Last Days of Summer were re-recorded and re-released on their debut album When Broken Is Easily Fixed. The song Red Light Pledge also appeared on the compilation record Punk Goes Acoustic 2.
 Eat the Heat is the eighth studio album by German heavy metal band Accept released in 1989. It was recorded at Dierks-Studios in Cologne from September 1988 to January 1989. Although Jim Stacey is presented as rhythm guitar player in the band on the album cover the album credits also state that all guitars were played on the album by Wolf Hoffmann.
 As Falls Wichita So Falls Wichita Falls is a collaborative album by Pat Metheny and Lyle Mays released in 1981. The title makes reference to Wichita Kansas and Wichita Falls Texas. The title tune clocks in at just under 21 minutes.It is one of the few albums where Metheny not only acts as both the lead and accompanying guitarist but also the bassist as each track uses fair amounts of overdubbing.
 Murder of Tides is the first solo album by Centro-Matic and South San Gabriel leader Will Johnson. It was released in 2002 as a joint venture between Johnson and his long-time manager Bob Andrews at Undertow Music Collective.
 The Best of Ivy Queen is the first greatest hits compilation by the reggaetón recording artist Ivy Queen released on December 20 2005 on Universal Music Latin and Perfect Image Records. Disc one contains studio tracks from her third and fourth studio albums Diva (2003) and Real (2004) while disc two consists of music videos from her discography beginning in 1995 up to 2005 with the release of her fifth studio album Flashback.
 Good Night Witness Light is Daphne Loves Derby's second full length album and was released March 27 2007. It is the last album the band has with Outlook Records for their two album contract. Additionally this was the last album for both Jason Call and Spencer Abbot with Daphne Loves Derby.
 Rimmel is an album of Italian singer-songwriter Francesco De Gregori. It was released in 1975 by RCA Italia and is generally considered among De Gregori's finest works containing some of his most popular songs such as Rimmel Pablo and Buonanotte fiorellino.
 Two Hunters is the second album by black metal band Wolves in the Throne Room and their debut album on Southern Lord Records. The band made minimal use of any digital effects or manipulation in the recording process. The album's artwork is by Rachel Carns. The vinyl version includes an extended version of Cleansing (which is about 6 minutes longer) and a previously unreleased track To Reveal. This album was critically acclaimed putting WITTR on the forefront of the black metal scene.
 1UP! is the fourth studio album by ska band illScarlett released on September 29 2009 in North America. The first single on the album is titled Take It for Granted and was first released on the band's website on August 6 2009.
 Be With You is the second album by Japanese singer Megumi Nakajima. It features various anime tie-in songs as well as new collaborations with artists such as Yoko Kanno and Dance Man.Seven songs featured in the album were previously used in various animated media. Try Unite! and Hello! were used as the opening and ending themes respectively for the 2012 anime TV series Lagrange: The Flower of Rin-ne.
 The Movielife Has a Gambling Problem is an EP by The Movielife released on Drive-Thru Records on November 20 2001.
 Times Like These is the third album from the Christian country music band Austins Bridge. It was released on May 4 2010.
 I Had a Love marks Ben E. King's tenth album his ninth studio album and his second record with Atlantic Records. I Had a Love and I Betcha Didn't Know That are notable singles from the album.
 Under a Violet Moon is the second studio album by the group Blackmore's Night released May 25 1999. Under a Violet Moon won the New Age Voice award for the best vocal album of the year.
 Laura Pausini is a compilation album of Italian singer Laura Pausini’s greatest hits and selected tracks issued by CGD (Warner) Records for the anglophone market in 1995. The album has been discontinued but some stores still sell it for collecting purposes.The album includes a little-known English version of Pausini's trademark song La solitudine (in English it was renamed The Loneliness).
 Kickin' and Screamin' is the fourth studio album by American rapper Krizz Kaliko released on May 15 2012. It debuted at #43 on the Billboard 200 making it his most successful album.
 The Days of Pearly Spencer is an compilation album by The Vietnam Veterans released in 1988. It was the band's last full-length album before they broke up.Their record label gave the following statement: The Vietnam Veterans are no more. This album contains material which was recorded during long night sessions but remained unreleased. With the re-recordings of the old demo songs they want to prove that they are better than ever.
 Marked by Great Size is the Brobdingnagian Bards' first album. It features songs performed by the band at Excalibur Fantasy Faire in Austin Texas.
 The Best of Apocalyptica is an album released in 2002 by the cello metal group Apocalyptica. It contains covers from their previous releases and was only released in Japan. At the time of its release the album contained one previously unreleased track. The opening track was titled Driven. This would later be released on the album Reflections as Drive.
 Slalom Dame is the second album by Jeanne Balibar released 7 November 2006 on the Naïve label. It was produced by David Husser and Paul Kendall.
 Lovegod is an album by the Soup Dragons released on 12 July 1990. Four songs from the album were released as singles—Backwards Dog Crotch Deep Trash Mother Universe and I'm Free. There seems to be some confusion over the copyright year with 1989 stamped on the disc. However the correct copyright year 1990 is printed on the liner notes and back tray card.
 Namenlos (German for nameless) is the eighth studio album from Austrian band L'Âme Immortelle.
 Beyond the Blue Neon is the ninth original studio album by American country music artist George Strait and 12th overall. It was released by MCA Records on February 6 1989. It is certified platinum by the RIAA and it produced the singles Baby's Gotten Good at Goodbye What's Going on in Your World Ace in the Hole and Overnight Success. While the first three singles all reached Number One on the Billboard country charts in 1989 Overnight Success was a #8 for Strait in 1990.
 Calling All Kings & Queens is a sampler album of alternative rock songs by artists on the San Francisco California based lesbian-feminist independent record label Mr. Lady Records. It was released in March 2001 following on from the label's first sampler released in 1999 entitled New Women's Music Sampler.
 Not Necessarily Acoustic is a live album recorded on Steve Howe's first solo tour and released in 1994.
 Blood on the Bricks is a studio album by the Iron City Houserockers. A more restrained album than their previous two efforts the album was produced by Steve Cropper (of Booker T. and the M.G.'s) instead of hard rock producers like Have a Good Time but Get out Alive!. Among the better cuts on the album were the title song Saints and Sinners (a song about Vietnam) and Be My Friend which includes a guitar riff in tribute to Van Morrison's Here Comes the Night.
 Jebediah is the third studio album by Australian alternative rock band Jebediah released on 3 March 2002. It was recorded at Mangrove Studios outside Sydney Australia with producer Magoo (Regurgitator Spiderbait Midnight Oil). The album debuted at #8 on the Australian ARIA Album Charts and the first single Fall Down reached #24 on the ARIA Singles Charts.
 The Mothership Returns is a two CD set and one DVD by the fusion band Return to Forever. Released 18 June 2012 by Eagle Rock Entertainment the double CD set documents the music performed during the 2011 tour. Return To Forever was expanded for this tour to quintet and featured keyboardist Chick Corea bassist Stanley Clarke drummer Lenny White guitarist Frank Gambale and violinist Jean-Luc Ponty. The album peaked #6 in the 2012 and 2013 Jazz Album charts.
 On the 13th Day is the 17th studio album from the rock group Magnum (including Keeping the Nite Light Burning and ignoring Evolution) which was released in September 2012 under the label of Steamhammer Records/SPV.The album entered the charts at number 3 in the UK Rock & Metal Charts number 5 in the UK Indie Charts number 28 in the German Album Charts #36 Swedish Album Charts #43 UK Album Charts during its first week making it their most successful album since their reformation in 2002 at the time of its release. 
 The Final Command is the second full-length album from the German heavy metal band Paragon released in 1998.
 Sobre(tudo) was a 2001 album by Sam the Kid. The first single released for this album was called Não Percebes. The album was re-released in 2005 in a special edition with tracks from Entre(tanto) included as bonus tracks. The re-release was called Sobre(tudo) (Special Edition).
 The Last Bright Light is the third studio album by rock band Mostly Autumn. It is the first album to feature drummer Jonathon Blackmore and bassist Andy Smith. It is the only Mostly Autumn album on which Angela Gordon receives a writing credit.
 Monk's Casino is a live album by German free jazz pianist Alexander von Schlippenbach featuring the complete compositions of Thelonious Monk recorded in Germany in 2003-04 for the Intakt label.
 Devil Hopping is the fourth studio album from British indie band Inspiral Carpets released in 1994 via Mute Records. The single version of I Want You features vocals by Mark E. Smith of The Fall.The title of the album came from producer Pascal Gabriel's pronunciation of the word developing.
 Julie Delpy is the debut album by actress/musician Julie Delpy. Delpy wrote and produced all 12 songs on the album.A Waltz for a Night An Ocean Apart and Je t'aime tant were featured in the film Before Sunset which starred Delpy and Ethan Hawke.
 A Man and His Soul is a 1967 compilation of studio and live performances by Ray Charles. The LP version includes an album size booklet containing biographical information photos and details on his recordings.
 Black Heart is the debut studio album by British electronic duo Kish Mauve. It was released as a digital download on 30 March 2009 by YNYS Recordings. The album was recorded over three years and contains previously released material alongside new material.
 Ellington Showcase is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded for the Capitol label at various sessions in 1953-5. The album has not been released on CD but the tracks have appeared on The Complete Capitol Recordings of Duke Ellington released by Mosaic Records in 1995.
 We Can Breathe under Alcohol is the second full length album by An Angle.
 Crash the Party is the debut studio album by the Orlando Florida rap duo Smilez and Southstar. The album was primarily produced by brothers DJ Nasty & LVM.
 Ultra. Trance:5 is a mixed trance compilation album from Ultra Records as part of the Ultra Trance series. It was released on September 20 2005 and mixed by The Riddler.
 Sounds of Salvation is the first album by Cassino released on March 29 2007. It was recorded produced and released all entirely by the band with no support from a record company.
 Injuring Yourself Whilst Making Music is the third release by Gyroscope and was released April 2001. The compilation was recorded at Perth Western Australia's Revolver Studios Couch with producers Laurie Sinagra and Gav Tempany.The cassette was essentially a compilation of both the Gyroscope EPs of the 2000/2001 era.
 King of the Blues is a box set compilation album by B. B. King. It includes most of King's most popular music and some of his newer recordings.
 Sing You is the fourth mini-album from Japanese singer Emi Tawata but the first under the label Sony Music Entertainment. It is the first release after 2 years. There are 2 different version available: A limited CD+DVD version and a CD-only version. In the music video of Ne Japanese actress Satomi Ishihara who was part of the Romeo&Juliet play in Japan 2012 plays the lead role.
 Mundus Subterraneus is the third album by Lightwave released in November 1995 through Fathom.
 Estrangement (Ukrainian: Відчуженість Vidchuzhenist) is the sixth album by Ukrainian black metal band Drudkh released in August 2007 (see 2007 in music). The album was previously known under the title River of Tears but then had a name change. Its songs have a minimalistic influence and also features the band's first prominent use of blast beats since The Swan Road. All the lyrics of the album are based on the 1931–1932 works of the Ukrainian poet Oleh Olzhych.
 National Breakout is the second album by The Romantics released in 1980 on Nemperor Records.
 Bridges to Babylon Tour '97–98 by The Rolling Stones is a concert DVD released in December 1998. It was filmed in the TWA Dome in St. Louis Missouri on 12 December 1997 during the Bridges to Babylon Tour 1997-1998. Featuring performances by Dave Matthews and Joshua Redman.The concert was broadcast as a pay-per-view special. Of the 23 songs played 4 songs were left off the DVD. Anybody Seen My Baby? Corinna with Taj Mahal All About You and The Last Time were also played.
 Tyranny is the third album by the progressive metal group Shadow Gallery released in 1998 (see 1998 in music). It is the first concept album made by the band and the story that commences on this album is continued in the album Room V.
 Crooked Fingers (2000) is the first proper full-length album recorded by the indie rock band Crooked Fingers. It was released on January 18 2000 on WARM Records. It was recorded by Eric Bachmann in Seattle WA at Ft. Lawton and Denise Maupin's.
 Back to the Blues is a 2001 album by blues-rock guitarist and vocalist Gary Moore.
 Testimony is a progressive rock concept album by Neal Morse. Released in 2003 this double-album is in five sections detailing the composer's life and conversion to Christianity.
 Primer is the sixth studio album by the a cappella group Rockapella and marks their North American debut. Its track list was intended to represent the band's live show at the time and was recorded 99% live-in-studio over the course of two days at Sonalysts Studios in Connecticut with the exception of the bonus track Shambala which was recorded prior to the Sonalysts sessions.
 The Ultimate Collection is a 2002 two-disc greatest hits set by The Who with both singles and top hits from albums all of which have been remastered. The compilation was released by Polydor Records internationally and on MCA Records in the US. The first 150000 copies added a third disk with rare tracks and music videos. The album debuted on the Billboard 200 album chart on 29 June 2002 at #31 and hit #17 on the British charts.
 Diary of a Mad Band is the second studio album from American R&B group Jodeci released in 1993 on Uptown Records and distributed through MCA Records. The album also featured the first ever album appearances from Timbaland Redman and Missy Elliott (credited as Misdemeanor) and Sista two years before they became known in the music industry. It was Jodeci's second album to reach number-one on the R&B album chart where it stayed for two weeks.
 Audible Minority is the seventh full-length studio album by Indonesian experimental metal band Kekal. According to the band the album is titled Audible Minority because the music on the album is of extreme minority status and is entirely bleak gloom and dark. They also said that the album was constructed over almost two years during various events in the band members lives.
 Drivetrain is the twelfth studio album by the southern rock band 38 Special released in 2004.
 For the soundtrack to the 1973 film see Heavy Traffic (soundtrack).Heavy Traffic is the twenty-fifth studio album by English rock band Status Quo. Published in 2002 it hit #15 on the UK charts. The album was released following the reunion of Francis Rossi with writing partner Bob Young who co-wrote many of the band's songs between 1968 and 1980. This is the first album to feature drummer Matt Letley.
 A Collection of Short Stories is the debut album by Houston Calls released on August 2 2005 (2005-08-02) on Rushmore Records. The song title The Better Part of Valor is a reference to William Shakespeare's Henry IV Part 1.
 高円寺百景 also known as Hundred Sights of Koenji is the 1994 debut album by the Zeuhl band Koenjihyakkei. The album was released in the USA in 2008 by the American record label Skin Graft Records in a new version where drummer and founding member Tatsuya Yoshida has re-recorded the drums and remixed the entire album.
 My Desired Happiness (Chinese: 我要的幸福; pinyin: Wǒ Yào De Xìngfú) is Chinese Singaporean Mandopop artist Stefanie Sun's (Chinese: 孫燕姿; pinyin: Sūn Yànzī) second Mandarin studio album. It was released on 7 December 2000 by Warner Music Taiwan.The album includes two demo tracks On The Road (demo 1 and 2) as well as title track 我要的幸福 (My Desired Happiness)
 Nuuk is the fifth solo album from German ambient music producer Thomas Köner. Originally released in 1997 as a part of the Driftworks 4-CD box set (along with albums from Nijiumu Pauline Oliveros & Randy Raine-Reusch and Paul Schütze) it was re-released in 2004 by Mille Plateaux with a DVD containing films made from still images to accompany the music.Nuuk is the capital city of Greenland. Polynya is an area of open water surrounded by sea ice. Amras is a fictional character taken from J. R.
 Rolled Gold: The Very Best of the Rolling Stones is a compilation album by The Rolling Stones released without the band's authorisation by its former label Decca Records in 1975. It is a double album that reached No. 7 on the UK chart and was a strong seller over the years.
 Tears is an EP by The Crüxshadows containing remixes of the single from their Wishfire album along with original tracks.
 Song For Josia (released 2014 in Oslo Norway by Øra Fonogram – OF034) is the second solo album by the saxophonist Hanna Paulsberg as «Hanna Paulsberg Concept».
 Kill from the Heart is an album by the American hardcore punk band The Dicks. Widely considered a classic of the genre it was the band's first full-length album and the last to feature the group's original Texas-based line up. The album finds the band mixing its hardcore punk style with blues aesthetics. Tim Kerr of the Big Boys appears on the song Anti-Klan (Part Two).
 Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 6 (subtitled Michigan Part 2) is a compilation album in the Highs in the Mid-Sixties series featuring recordings that were released in Michigan. Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 5 and Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 19 are other volumes in the series featuring bands from this state.
 The Magic of Ju-Ju is an album by Archie Shepp released on Impulse! Records in 1967. The album contains tracks recorded by Shepp Martin Banks Mike Zwerin Reggie Workman Norman Connors Frank Charles Dennis Charles Ed Blackwell and Beaver Harris in April 1967.
 Symphony of the Damned Re-symphonised is a re-recording of the band Morgana Lefay's self released debut album.
 Ena Gramma (Greek: Ένα Γράμμα; English: One Letter) is the 11th studio album by Greek singer Yannis Parios. It was released in Greece in 1981 by Minos EMI.
 All of the Above is the second album of indie hip hop artist J-Live released in 2002 on the label Coup dEtat. The album's cover art pays homage/tribute to John Coltrane's famous cover design on his 1957 album Blue Train.
 Tha Blue Carpet Treatment is the eighth studio album by American rapper Snoop Dogg released November 21 2006 on Geffen Records. Production for the album took place during 2005 to 2006 at several recording studios and was handled by Dr. Dre The Neptunes Battlecat DJ Pooh Timbaland Danja Mark Batson Terrace Martin and Mr. Porter.The album debuted at number five on the US Billboard 200 chart selling 264000 copies in its first week.
 Fuzao (Chinese: 浮躁; pinyin: Fúzào) is a 1996 Mandopop album by the C-pop singer Faye Wong. The title has been translated in English-language media as Restless Exasperation Anxiety and Impatience.The term was widely used in relation to the cultural anxiety of the period.Many consider it her boldest and most artistically coherent effort to date. Some tracks are wordless or use self-created sounds including the cheerful-sounding refrain la cha bor of the title track.
 Ginger Baker at His Best was part of a set of double albums of the individual and collective output of the three members of Cream released in 1972. The Cream album was entitled Heavy Cream and featured illustrations of Eric Clapton Baker and Jack Bruce. The three albums devoted each member had their individual illustration each album entitles At His Best. Baker's is drawn from Ginger Baker's Air Force Ginger Baker's Air Force 2 and Blind Faith.
 Kimagure Orange Road: I Want to Return to That Day (きまぐれオレンジ☆ロード あの日にかえりたい Kimagure Orenji Rōdo Ano Hi ni Kaeritai) is a soundtrack album released for the anime film by the same title. The album was produced by Futureland and released in Japan on 5 October 1988.
 Faith and Courage is the fifth full-length album by Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor released in 2000 on Atlantic Records. It was O'Connor's first release in three years her previous album being the greatest hits package So Far... The Best of Sinéad O'Connor in 1997 plus it was her first studio album in six years.O'Connor composed a majority of the tracks on Faith and Courage and production duties were shared by a variety of artists including Wyclef Jean David A.
 Live Celtic Folk Music is a live album by Battlefield Band released in 1998 on the Munich Records label. It was recorded in 1980 at the Winterfolkfestival held in Dordrecht The Netherlands.
 Someone to Watch Over Me is the third album by Scottish singer Susan Boyle which was released on 7 November 2011 in the United Kingdom and 1 November 2011 in the United States. The album has been described as a diverse mix of music which includes songs inspired by the stories of Boyle's fans who write letters to her.
 Acoustic Guitar was Preston Reed's first release on Sky Records. It subsequently went out-of-print.
 Talk Is Cheap is Dave Melillo's debut EP. It was released on April 18 2006 as a free digital download from mtvU and on June 13 2006 as a CD from Drive-Thru Records. The mtvU offer featured only the first five songs and expired 30 days after the release date.
 12 Songs is the twenty-sixth studio album by Neil Diamond released in 2005. It was his first album of all-original all-new material since 2001's Three Chord Opera. It was produced by Rick Rubin and is often erroneously cited as the first Diamond album since the Bang Records era to feature the artist playing guitar.The working title for the album was self-titled. The original pressing of the album was copy-protected using Sony's controversial XCP technology.
 Heretics & Privateers is a country-blues album by German-Canadian musician John Kay released on Cannonball Records in 2001. It has since been reissued on Crosscut Records and most recently on Rainman Records. John Kay was well known as Steppenwolf lead singer back in the sixties.This album mixes pure acoustic tunes with others that sound more like Steppenwolf. The lyrics follow mostly a critical social style.
 Samba Para Dos is an album by Argentine composer pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin and American trombonist Bob Brookmeyer recorded in 1963 and released on the Verve label.
 17 is the twelfth studio album by Japanese band Tokio. It was released on 22 August 2012. The album peaked at fifth place on the Oricon weekly charts and remained in the charts for five weeks.
 Friend and Foe is the third release from the Portland Oregon-based band Menomena. It was released January 23 2007 by Barsuk Records. The cover art is designed by Craig Thompson writer and illustrator of the award-winning graphic novel Blankets.
 Live at the Whisky is the second live recording by American rock band Kansas released in 1992. A German version of the release contains an alternative bonus track Journey From Mariabronn. The album states that it was recorded in one take and has been criticized by some because of the harsh vocals of singer Steve Walsh whose voice was failing at that time as a result of a variety of issues including fatigue and substance abuse.
 Human Harvest is the third LP by Circle of Dead Children released in 2003 through Martyr Music Group. The opening track A Family Tree to Hang From begins with a sound clip from David Lynch's film Mulholland Drive. There is also bonus track 9:07 into Alkaline.
 Plastic Skies is the seventh album by Australian punk rock band Bodyjar. It was released on EMI in 2002 (see 2002 in music). In Australia the album was also released with a free copy of the Warped Tour 3 CD.The Japanese release of Plastic Skies features the bonus track TV which was unreleased in Australia at the time later featured on the Too Drunk To Drive singleIn August 2005 EMI released Plastic Skies as a double album promotion with How It Works (2000).
 Determination is the second full-length studio album by the New Jersey heavy metal quintet God Forbid. It was released on April 17 2001 through Century Media Records.
 Coup is the debut album by The New Regime which is a solo project by Ilan Rubin the previous drummer of Welsh band Lostprophets and current drummer of Angels and Airwaves. Ilan recorded all ten tracks himself on all instruments including vocals. In addition to the songs found over the last few months on his Myspace page he recorded two additional songs for this album.It was released on November 18 2008 as a digital download on digital music stores such as iTunes Amazon and eMusic.
 Fingerlings 3 is the third in Andrew Bird’s series of live albums called Fingerlings. Unlike the previous Fingerlings Fingerlings 3 contains songs not recorded live in front of an audience; Dear Dirty is a studio track and The Water Jet Cilice and Ethiobirds were recorded live (solo) at Andrew’s home studio in a barn in rural western Illinois. Tracks Dark Matter and “Scythian Empire are live recordings of songs that were later included on Bird's 2007 album Armchair Apocrypha.
 Heart of the Ages is the debut studio album by Norwegian black metal band In the Woods... The album was recorded at Star Studios in Norway with production of Trond Breen.
 Headseed is the second studio release of the jam band moe. The track St. Augustine would also appear on the band's 1996 major label debut No Doy.
 Supervillain Outcast is the fourth full-length album by Norwegian black metal band Dødheimsgard now under the moniker DHG. It was released on March 26 2007 by Moonfog Productions.
 Circle X (officially untitled) is an EP and the debut release by American experimental rock band Circle X. It was on 12 vinyl in 1980 in France through then-nascent record label Celluloid.
 No Nuclear War is the seventh and final studio album by Peter Tosh. It was released in 1987 (see 1987 in music). It received a Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album in 1988. It was Tosh's second Grammy nomination Captured Live having been nominated in the same category in 1985.
 Clifford Brown & Max Roach is a 1955 album by influential jazz musicians Clifford Brown and Max Roach as part of the Clifford Brown and Max Roach Quintet described by The New York Times as perhaps the definitive bop group until Mr. Brown's fatal automobile accident in 1956. The album was critically well received and includes several notable tracks including two that have since become jazz standards. The album was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1999.
 Everything & Everyone is the second album by English musical group Patrick & Eugene.
 Tomato Morning is a tour-only EP by Maryland-based indie folk band Page France. It was released on Suicide Squeeze Records in 2006.
 Enchanted (or The Enchanted Works of Stevie Nicks) is a three disc box set of material by American singer-songwriter and Fleetwood Mac vocalist Stevie Nicks which encompasses her solo career from 1981's Bella Donna to 1994's Street Angel. The box set also contains rare B-sides unreleased live recordings demos songs from soundtracks a track from the 1973 Buckingham Nicks album outtakes from the Bella Donna and Rock a Little sessions and a new recording of the classic song Rhiannon.
 Each One Teach One is the second album by American reggae band Groundation. The album was released July 31 2001 on Young Tree Records.
 Shame-Based Man released on April 11 1995 (see 1995 in music) was the first album by the comedian Bruce McCulloch. Produced and arranged by Bob Wiseman It has 20 tracks of McCulloch's comedic music.
 Everything Will Never be OK is the 2003 album by British rock band Fiction Plane. The track Wise contains the hidden track Bongo after 5 minutes of silence (making the total running time 15:50).
 Hip is the only full-length release by the band Steppeulvene a Danish rock band. It was released in 1967.
 Halloween is the first Halloween album by Mannheim Steamroller. It is a double album.
 The Graduation Ceremony is the eighth studio album by American singer-songwriter Joseph Arthur released on May 23 2011 on Lonely Astronaut Records. Following two studio albums with backing band The Lonely Astronauts The Graduation Ceremony is Arthur's first solo album since Nuclear Daydream (2006) and was initially intended to be a joint release with session drummer Jim Keltner. Prior to the album's release Arthur noted early signs are quite good that people might like it.
 Hands Of Glory is the seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Andrew Bird. It was released in October 2012 through Mom+Pop Records.
 Cats Drunk on Copper is a live CD album by Current 93. David Tibet is the only official member of Current 93; he was accompanied by the following performers during the Current 93 act: John Balance Joolie Wood Karl Blake Michael Cashmore Rose McDowall.
 Sama (English: Alone) is the sixteenth studio album by Serbian singer Dragana Mirković. It was released in 2000.
 Intervals is the second and final studio album by See You Next Tuesday. It was set to be released on October 14 but was pushed back to October 21 2008 by Ferret.The album shows the band progressing towards an overall death metal sound rather than metalcore. Many of the tracks are under a minute with the exception of a ten minute concluding song.
 The Unseen Stream is a progressive rock album by Troy Donockley. This was his first solo outing and was released in 1998.This recording shows Troy as a multi-skilled wood player. His main instrument is the Uilleann Pipes adding also Low Whistles Electric and Acoustic Guitars Keys Cittern and Mandolin and he has composed most of the tracks.
 Foolish Behaviour is Rod Stewart's tenth studio album released on November 21 1980 (see 1980 in music) and on the Riva label in the United Kingdom (RVLP 11) and on Warner Bros. Records in both The United States (HS 3485) and Germany (WB 56 865). The tracks were recorded at The Record Plant Studios and Cherokee Studios in Los Angeles from February to September 1980.
 SPA is the debut album from SPA and was released in 1997. The album was recorded over a three-year period and is dedicated to the memory of American comedian Bill Hicks.
 For The Fans is an exclusive limited collection of three separate enhanced music CD’s and a VHS tape from American vocal group the Backstreet Boys. The music CD’s where exclusively distributed through Burger King restaurants in August 2000 with the purchase of any value meal. Each of the three music CD’s features the song It's True later released on the group's fourth studio album Black & Blue along with previously unreleased live recordings and exclusive remixes.
 Soul Merchant is an album recorded by organist Sam Lazar and released on the Argo label.
 Trinaest (trans. Thirteen) is the tenth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Galija.Besides the lyrics written by the band member Predrag Milosavljević songs feature lyrics written by poets Branko Radičević Stevan Raičković and Petar Pajić.
 Desiderata is a 1971 album by Les Crane and with music by Broadway composer Fred Werner. It is a spoken word album with sung refrains and instrumental accompaniment.
 51/13—Aphex Singles Collection (51/13—エイフェックス•シングルズ•コレクション (51/13—Eifekksu Shinguruzu Korekushon)) is a 1996 compilation album by Aphex Twin that was released in Japan and Australia.Respect List was originally released on Ventolin as a hidden track next to Ventolin (Crowsmengegus Mix). A song consisting of laughing was tagged onto the beginning of Ventolin (Marazanvose Mix Edit) whereas it appears on the end of Ventolin (Praze-An-Bebble Mix) on the Ventolin single.
 I'm Not Alone is an EP by Patent Pending released in 2010. It spawned two music videos for the song One Less Heart To Break which is an anti-suicide rock song and for Dance 'Til We Die a song that has been described by lead singer Joe Ragosta as Being about ...zombies eating peoples brains. Both of those songs were later re-used as bonus tracks on the band's next album Second Family
 EZO is the American self-titled debut album from the Japanese metal band Ezo. It was released in 1987 on Geffen Records and co-produced by Gene Simmons of KISS fame. Songwriters from the Kiss’ entourage contributed heavily to the songs of the album. Jody Gray co-writer of Destroyer co-wrote and co-produced the 2nd album Fire Fire (Geffen).
 Beginning of the End Again is an EP by Flint Michigan's The Swellers released August 11 2005 on Search and Rescue Records.
 ISAM (Invented Sounds Applied to Music) is the seventh full-length studio album by Brazilian electronic musician Amon Tobin.
 Knockin' Boots 2001: A Sex Odyssey is the fifth and thus far final studio album by rapper Candyman. The album was released on February 6 2001 for X-Ray Records and was produced by Candyman. The album was the fourth straight critical and commercial flop for Candyman and like his prevouis four albums did not chart on any album charts of feature any hit singles.
 Here's the Man!!! is the second studio album by Bobby Bland released in 1962. It was issued in standard mono as well true stereo and was the first Duke album issued in the stereo format. Even though the previous album Two Steps from the Blues remains available on CD this album hasn't been available in its entirety since 1988.
 Kosciuszko is the fifth studio album by Australian alternative rock band Jebediah released on Dew Process on 15 April 2011. As well as being available on CD a limited number of copies were also released on vinyl.
 Live at CBGB's recorded May 14 1983 at CBGB in New York City is Flipper's fourth live album.
 Colorado '88 is a 3-CD live album from the rock band Phish recorded over several nights in summer 1988. Despite having only traveled outside Vermont occasionally in the New England college and club circuit Phish embarked on a tour in the west. The band played seven shows in ten days to tiny crowds in small bars and restaurants in the ski towns of Telluride and Aspen.
 VII is the seventh album by old school hip hop/hardcore rapper Just-Ice it was released in 1998.
 Evening Moods is a 2000 studio album by the band Ratdog featuring former Grateful Dead rhythm guitarist Bob Weir. It consists of a number of new songs introduced by Ratdog during the previous year and a Grateful Dead song Corrina. Mickey Hart has a guest appearance.
 Eyes of the Mind is the fifth album by Casiopea released in 1981. The album was recorded in Los Angeles.
 The 3D EP is a CD-EP by New Zealand band Betchadupa released in 2001.
 Round 2 is the second studio album by American recording artist J. Holiday. The album was released on March 10 2009.The album is the follow-up to his gold-selling debut album Back of My Lac'.
 Believer is the seventh full length studio album by the Christian rock band Kutless. It was released on February 28 2012. The first single Carry Me to the Cross has seen success on the Billboard Christian Songs chart with a peak at No. 15. The album debuted at No. 2 on Billboard's Hot Christian Albums chart and No. 42 on the Billboard 200. The album later peak at No. 1 on Hot Christian Albums and No. 36 on the 200 chart becoming Kutless' highest position in the 200 so far.
 The Best of Harem Scarem is the first greatest hit type album the Canadian rock band Harem Scarem. It was released in 1998 and features several of the band's best known songs in different versions. It also includes one song that was previously unreleased What I Do.
 Space In Between Us is the third album by Christian rock band Building 429 released in 2004 (original) and 2005 (expanded edition) by Word Records. It is also the band's first full-length record on a national label. Radio singles from this recording include Glory Defined Above it All Space in Between Us and No One Else Knows.
 Music For Films Volume 2 is an album by Brian Eno Daniel Lanois and Roger Eno. On the back cover Eno states I released the first volume of Music for Films in 1978 and it contained samples of my work spanning the period of 1975-78. This second volume picks up where the first left off but is somewhat different in that it contains fewer pieces with greater average length.Several of the tracks on this album also appear on Apollo: Atmospheres and Soundtracks.
 The Third Man is an album by Italian jazz trumpeter and composer Enrico Rava and pianist Stefano Bollani recorded in Switzerland in 2006 and released on the ECM label.
 The Rose Hotel is an album by American folk music artist Robert Earl Keen. It was released on September 29 2009 by Lost Highway Records. The album peaked at number 17 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Live at River Plate is a live concert DVD documenting AC/DC’s Black Ice World Tour. The DVD includes footage from three concerts performed in December 2009 at the Estadio Monumental Antonio Vespucio Liberti in Buenos Aires Argentina. It was directed by David Mallet with Rocky Oldham as producer. The recording of the concerts required the use of 32 HD cameras; a company called Serpent Productions was responsible for filming the concerts and the footage was produced by Serpent Productions.
 Thrust is a jazz-funk album by Herbie Hancock released in September 6 1974 on Columbia Records. It served as a follow-up to Hancock's album Head Hunters (1973) and achieved similar commercial success as the album reached as high as number 13 on the Billboard Hot 200 listing. The lineup for Thrust is the same as on Head Hunters except Mike Clark replaced Harvey Mason on drums.
 The following is a list of soundtracks that have been released for the TV show One Tree Hill.
 Fires is the ninth studio album by Irish singer Ronan Keating. The album was released on 3 September with a special deluxe signed edition to be available from the Universal Music official store. It is his fifth album to contain original material and his first in six years following Bring You Home.
 Fabric 07 is a DJ mix compilation album by Hipp-e & Halo as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 Tell It to My Heart is the first album by singer-songwriter Taylor Dayne. It yielded four US top ten singles: Tell It to My Heart (#7) Prove Your Love (#7) I'll Always Love You (#3) and Don't Rush Me (#2) and two UK top ten singles: Tell It to My Heart (#3) and Prove Your Love (#8). The album achieved double-platinum status in the US.Two covers were issued for the album.
 Because I'm Awesome is the second studio album by the American punk band The Dollyrots. It was released on March 13 2007 on Blackheart Records. Tracks featured in TV shows include Because I'm Awesome featured on Ugly Betty and Watch Me Go (Kissed Me Killed Me) featured on The Simple Life. The song Because I'm Awesome was also featured in a back-to-school commercial for Kohl's department store as well as the 2008 film The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2.
 Courage & Patience & Grit is a DVD/CD set released by the band Great Big Sea on November 14 2006. It contains video of the live performance from a concert at the Empire Theatre in Belleville Ontario along with music videos for the songs Captain Kidd When I Am King Lukey and Shines Right Through Me.
 Dezembros is an album by Brazilian singer Maria Bethânia released in 1987.
 Prova is the debut album by popular Greek artist Katy Garbi. It was released in 1989 by CBS Records Greece. It was released on CD for the first time in 1992 under the Columbia label as a joint package with 1990's Gialia Karfia. It was re-released separately on CD in 1996.
 Unseen is the seventh studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band The Haunted.Vocalist Peter Dolving has described the album as Epic. Danceable. Groovy. And very very arty farty metal. With this next record we are going to be taking a piss in the general direction of all the crappy 99.9 percent of generic contemporary Mr. Goatse jerks out there.The album cover and tracklist were revealed on January 28 2011.
 Divine Insanity is Finnish band Lovex's first album released in 2006. Album contains example song Guardian Angel.Divine Insanity has sold gold in Finland and has got to lists in Germany too. Special Edition of the album was released in Finland in 8th of November 2006 and International Version was released in Germany in 16th of January in Finland in 21st of January and in Japan in 19th of September 2007.
 The Brag and Cuss is the 2007 release from Seattle singer-songwriter Rocky Votolato. It is his second album on Barsuk Records after 2006's Makers.
 What Exit is an album by violinist Mark Feldman with pianist John Taylor bassist Anders Jormin and drummer Tom Rainey recorded in 2005 and released on the ECM label
 End of the Century is the fifth studio album by the American punk rock band the Ramones released on February 4 1980 through Sire Records. The album was the band's first to be produced by Phil Spector though he had offered the band his assistance earlier in their career. With Spector fully producing the album it was the first release to exclude original member Tommy Ramone who left the band due to poor record sales.
 10: 1993–2003 – Ten Years Of is a compilation album by K's Choice released in 2003. It peaked at position 9 in the Belgian and at 73 in the Dutch album charts.
 Bing Bing Bing! is a 1995 (see 1995 in music) album by jazz musician Charlie Hunter. This was his first album for the Blue Note label and features his 8-string guitar.The cover is a retro homage to Horace Parlan's 1960 album Speakin' My Piece. The neon sign 500 Club is a landmark bar in San Francisco's Mission District a few blocks away from the Elbo Room nightclub where the trio made a name for themselves (see Track 10).
 Port of Morrow is the fourth studio album by American rock band The Shins. Co-produced by Greg Kurstin and frontman James Mercer the album was released March 20 2012 on Aural Apothecary and Columbia Records. The Shins' first studio album in five years following the release of 2007's Wincing the Night Away the band's fourth effort followed major lineup changes in the group: founding members Dave Hernandez (bass guitar) Marty Crandall (keyboards) and Jesse Sandoval (drums) departed in 2009.
 Ritchie Valens...His Greatest Hits Volume 2 is the second greatest hits compilation by Ritchie Valens. This follow-up to the Ritchie Valens Memorial Album/His Greatest Hits includes Valens' last two charted singles and ten tracks from the three original albums.
 Be a Man is a rap album by wrestler Randy Savage released on October 7 2003 on Big 3 Records.
 Spoils of Failure is the fourth and final album by Canadian band Buried Inside.
 The Saving One is the fourth studio album released by Starfield on February 23 2010. The album was nominated in the category of Contemporary Christian/Gospel Album of the Year for the Juno Awards of 2011.
 The Rough Guide to the Music of Kenya and Tanzania is a world music compilation album originally released in 1996. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series it focuses on the music of Kenya and Tanzania two countries which share Swahili as a common language. The release was compiled by Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network.
 Girls is the first solo album released by Eric Stewart in 1980. It was the soundtrack to the film Girls. Girls and Warm Warm Warm were released as singles. Neither the album nor the singles managed to chart in the UK.
 The Amazing Adventures of Simon Simon is an album by John Surman and Jack DeJohnette. It was recorded in January 1981 at the Talent Studio Oslo. The album cover is chosen by Storm Thorgerson as one of 100 best album covers.
 Riders of the Apocalypse is the only album of musical side project of Therion band members called Demonoid.
 Aladdin Sane is the sixth album by David Bowie released by RCA Records in 1973. The follow-up to his breakthrough The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars it was the first album he wrote and released as a bona fide rock star.
 Lalleshwari/Lullabies in a Glasswilderness is an independent solo album by British artist KatieJane Garside. She is also the frontwoman of Queen Adreena Ruby Throat and formerly of Daisy Chainsaw. The name 'Lalleshwari' comes from an ancient Hindu poet.The package included an audio CD and DVD and was limited to 300 copies. Also included was a 24 page book with pictures photographs and writing including lyrics and a full frontal nude image of Katiejane herself.
 Não São Paulo Vol. 2 is a compilation album released by famous Brazilian independent label Baratos Afins in 1987 one year after the previous installment Não São Paulo Vol. 1. Unlike the previous compilation that featured relatively well-known Brazilian post-punk bands active during the mid-1980s Vol.
 Ezkaton is the sixth EP by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth. It was released in North America through Metal Blade Records on November 11 2008 and in Europe through Regain Records on November 20 2008.
 Voivod is the thirteenth album and tenth studio album by Canadian thrash metal/progressive metal band Voivod and the first to feature since 1993's The Outer Limits returning vocalist Denis Bélanger (Snake) and their first recording with bassist Jason Newsted (Jasonic) formerly of Metallica. It was released in 2003 on Newsted's Chophouse Records label.
 Reachin' released in 2002 is the first studio album from the jam band Family Groove Company.
 Chet is a studio album by American guitarist Chet Atkins released in 1967.
 Kammel Kalamak (Arabic: كمل كلامك English: Keep Talking) is a 2005 album by Amr Diab. It is the long anticipated follow up to Leily Nahary. This was rumoured to be released in the summer of 2005 but was pushed back to Eid. The album got another delay and was finally released in December 2005 with very poor marketing by Rotana. The album was a huge hit and sold 1.2 million copies worldwide. Kammel Kalamak was one of Rotana's highest selling album of 2005.
 The Remedy is the third studio album by Native Deen released on July 1 2011.
 The Mario Lanza CD Serenade/A Cavalcade of Show Tunes is a Sony BMG UK twofer released in 2004. Comprising the RCA soundtrack album from the film Serenade and the RCA LP A Cavalcade of Show Tunes the CD also includes a previously unreleased version of the song Serenade by Nicholas Brodszky and Sammy Cahn. An entirely different song from the one featured in the actual film of Serenade this recording is noteworthy for its difficult tessitura including a number of high B naturals.
 Cookin' is an album by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin featuring performances recorded in 1960 for the Savoy label.
 History in the Making is the debut album by J.R. Writer released on July 11 2006 through Koch Records. The album debuted at No. 25 on the Billboard 200 and No. 2 on both the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and Top Rap Albums (held from the top spot by Pimp C's Pimpalation) selling an estimated 29261 copies in its first week of release.
 The following is a list of albums released with songs from or based on the animated series VeggieTales.
 Iron Mountain Depot is John Hartford's sixth and final album issued by RCA Victor. Originally issued in 1970 like all of his RCA recordings it was reissued in 2002. In the reissue package Iron Mountain Depot is combined with his fifth album John Hartford and a seventh unreleased album of RCA material Radio John.
 Robot World is the third album by New Zealand band Bailter Space released in 1993. It was their first full-length album to be officially released in the U.S. and was distributed by WEA under Matador's first major-label deal (with Warner Bros. Records).It was recorded (no producer is listed in the album credits) at Writhe Recording in Wellington New Zealand except for Get Lost which was recorded by Chris Julian at Calliope in New York.
 Cry Tough is a 1976 album from Nils Lofgren. The follow-up to his solo debut Cry Tough is another offering of Lofgren-penned pop/rock. Notable for the title track and the songs It's Not A Crime Mud In Your Eye and Can't Get Closer Cry Tough also includes Al Kooper on keyboards.
 Dangerous And Moving is the second English-language album by t.A.T.u. The album was first released on October 5 2005 in Japan then on October 10 in the UK October 11 in North America and in Europe and Latin America on October 14. The album has sold more than 2 million copies worldwide.
 Juarez is an album released by Terry Allen in 1975. The album has been reissued on compact disc by Sugar Hill Records.
 The Best Of is a Spanish compilation of the American band Poco released in 1980.
 Ya Ya Ya was the second album of the popular Korean girl group Baby V.O.X. Its singles was Ya Ya Ya and Change. Both Ya Ya Ya and Change did well in Korean Music Charts. They adopted cute and shy style for Ya Ya Ya and sexy and mature style for Change. This album sold about 230000 copies.
 Variéty is the seventh and last studio album by Les Rita Mitsouko. An English-language version of the album was produced for the international English speaking market under the modified title of Variety. The French-language version reached #5 on the French Albums chart while the English recording peaked at #163.
 Collection is a greatest hits album by Swedish recording artist Agnes and was released on December 27 2013 in Sweden. It includes most of her singles to date omitting Stranded Kick Back Relax All I Want for Christmas Is You Sometimes I Forget and Life (Diamonds in the Dark).
 Not For Threes is an album by Plaid released in 1997 on Warp Records. This was Plaid's first full length CD release. Björk wrote and sang the lyrics for the track Lilith.
 As Rapture Comes is the seventh by Swedish death metal band Grave. It was released in July 25 2006 through Century Media Records.
 The Life of Joseph W. McVey is the eighth solo album by Z-Ro. This album also spawned the only charted single by Z-Ro with I Hate U Bitch which charted number seventy-five on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
 Magia is a 2002 album by the Dominican rock band Toque Profundo and their fourth. The album was independently released and funded by the band. Toque Profundo produced a rock re-make of Tabaco Y Ron popularized in Merengue by Fernando Villalona and written by Roldofo Aicardi originally to be released in compilation album Rockero Hasta La Tambora
 Chain Reaction is a 1975 album by jazz-fusion band The Crusaders.
 Herşey Yolunda (Everything's Alright) is the third studio album by Turkish ska punk rock group Athena released on January 12 2002. The album was released through Universal Music in Turkey on January 12 2002.
 God Bless The Grass is a 1966 album by Pete Seeger and was released on Columbia Records as CL 2432 (mono) and CS 9232 (stereo).
 Heaven Tonight is Cheap Trick's third studio album released in 1978. The album was remastered and released with bonus tracks on Sony's Epic/Legacy imprint in 1998. The album cover features lead singer Robin Zander and bassist Tom Petersson.Heaven Tonight is considered Cheap Trick's best album by many fans and critics.
 The Pacific Age is the seventh album by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark released in 1986. (Forever) Live and Die became the group's third hit single in the US and returned the group to the top 20 in the UK peaking at #11 but the album sold poorly in both countries.The Pacific Age was Stephen Hague's second album as producer.
 The Fire in Our Throats Will Beckon the Thaw is the second full-length studio album by Chicago post-metal band Pelican. It was released May 22 2005 on Hydra Head Records. Regarding the lengthy and unusual name of the album guitarist Trevor de Brauw joked The title is meant to confuse people.
 Tristesse Hivernale is a demo by black metal Neige-led band Alcest released in 2001 on Drakkar Productions. Unlike the following albums this style of this demo is traditional black metal with a raw sound and harsh vocals. The music was recorded with Argoth (bass guitar) and Aegnor/Famine (lead guitar) both from Peste Noire a band that Neige was also involved with as a session drummer at the time (session/live rhythm guitarist later).
 Forests of Witchery is the debut album by symphonic black metal band Thy Serpent. This was the band's first collaborative work; the previously released demos were created solely by Sami Tenetz who currently is rhythm guitarist of the band. It has a more doom/gothic feel than later albums.
 Love in the Age of War is the seventh studio album by Canadian New Wave group Men Without Hats originally to be titled Folks of the 80s part IV released on May 22 2012 in Canada and worldwide on June 5 2012. It is their first album in eight and a half years and features 10 original songs written by Ivan Doroschuk. The first single from the album Head Above Water premiered on Montreal's CHOM-FM on April 20 2012.[citation needed]
 Discover the Trees Again: The Best of Falling Up is a best-of compilation album by experimental rock band Falling Up. It comprises tracks from their four previous albums Crashings Dawn Escapes Exit Lights and Captiva.
 Friend Opportunity is the eighth full length album from indie rock trio Deerhoof. It was released on January 23 2007 on Kill Rock Stars ATP Recordings and 5 Rue Christine. It features twelve different album covers by the British artist David Shrigley.
 Patient Man is the debut album from American country music artist Brad Cotter who in 2004 was declared the winner of the television talent show Nashville Star.. It features the single I Meant To a Top 40 hit on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts in 2004. Can't Tell Me Nothin' and I Miss Me were both released as well peaking at #59 on the same chart.The track I Came Here to Live was later recorded by Trace Adkins on his 2006 album Dangerous Man.
 Breathing Tornados is the third album by Australian musician Ben Lee released in 1998.
 For The Young At Heart was Perry Como's seventh RCA Victor 12 long-play album released in 1960 and the fifth recorded in full living stereophonic sound. For The Young At Heart was a concept album with all the songs having Young in their title.
 Consider the Lilies is a religious album released by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. The album was originally released in 2003. The music in this first album on the choir's new label represents a broad range of musical feeling—from the joyful Rejoice the Lord is King! and Morning Has Broken to the contemplative O Holy Jesus and Pilgrims' Hymn to the fervent affirmations in I Believe in Christ and This Is the Christ.
 So Good Together is the twenty-sixth album from Reba McEntire. It was released in 1999 and was preceded by the single What Do You Say. What Do You Say peaked at number 3 on the country chart and was nominated for a Grammy for Best Short Form Video. It also became her highest charting single on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at number 31 and that was her first big crossover hit. The album is certified platinum by the RIAA.The album peaked at number 5 on the Billboard Top Country Albums.
 Echoes is a debut studio album by Maggie Reilly. It was released on 30 April 1992 by EMI. The album was produced by Armand Volker Harald Steinhauer Kristian Schultze and Stefan Zauner. The album includes her song Everytime We Touch which was a major hit in Europe in the 1990s reaching #1 chart positions in many countries. The album topped the Norwegian Albums Charts and was generally top 30 album.
 The Wreck-Age is the fifth studio album by British heavy metal band Tygers of Pan Tang produced in 1985 on Music for Nations.
 Say It Again is a 1987 album by Jermaine Stewart. It was released in 1987 on Arista Records; his second full-length album for the label. The title track was a moderate chart hit.
 The 1972 Atlantic release Roberta Flack & Donny Hathaway is a duet album by Roberta Flack and Donny Hathaway produced by Joel Dorn and Arif Mardin.Flack and Hathaway were both solo artists on the Atlantic roster who'd enjoyed critical acclaim but for Flack in particular had enjoyed limited commercial success.
 Best of The Big Band is a compilation album from the American swing revival band The Brian Setzer Orchestra released on 2002 in Japan only.
 The Hard Way is a 2004 blues album by Tinsley Ellis. It was recorded and mixed at Stonehenge at ZAC Atlanta Georgia engineered and mixed by Jimmy Zumpano mastered by Rodney Mills and produced by Tinsley Ellis with Robert Woods as executive producer. Tinsley wrote all songs except Still in the Game and Me Without You.
 Caviar is the self-titled debut album by Caviar. It was released on August 29 2000 by Island Records.
 Where Shadows Lie is the first release on Cleopatra Records by the gothic rock band Bella Morte though originally released on the band's independent label Some Wear Leather. This album had more of a darkwave edge to it than their first independent album Remains.
 Scooby-Doo is the soundtrack to the 2002 film Scooby-Doo. It was released on June 4 2002 on Atlantic Records on Audio CD and Compact Cassette and consisted of alternative rock hip hop and reggae music. The soundtrack fared well on the Billboard charts peaking at #24 on the Billboard 200 #49 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #4 on the Top Soundtracks.
 Territory=Universe is the second album by Acumen Nation. It was originally released on Fifth Colvmn Records in 1996. A version with additional tracks was released on Conscience Records on May 5 1998.
 Octopus: The Best of Syd Barrett released 29 May 1992 is a one-disc compilation of songs by Syd Barrett. It contains songs from his two solo albums The Madcap Laughs and Barrett and the compilation outtakes/rarities album Opel. This album was later superseded by The Best of Syd Barrett: Wouldn't You Miss Me?.
 The Second Annual Report is the debut album by English industrial music pioneers Throbbing Gristle released in November 1977 through Industrial Records. It is a combination of live and studio recordings which date from October 1976 to September 1977.
 In Tongues We Speak is a split EP album by Napalm Death and Coalesce.
 Animalism is a blues rock album by The Animals released in November 1966. The album includes a collaboration with Frank Zappa (All Night Long) with covers of B.B. King Ray Charles and Sam Cooke.Animalism peaked at #33 on Billboard's Pop Albums chart. It was their last Top 40 album as well as the last recording of the band prior to their breakup. Subsequent Animals albums and single were by The (New) Animals. This album was issued only in the US.
 Come On Feel the Lemonheads is an album by The Lemonheads. It was released on October 12 1993 (see 1993 in music).Although the album did not maintain the same popularity as the previous album It's a Shame About Ray Come on Feel the Lemonheads reached number 56 on the Billboard 200 making it the Lemonheads' highest ever chart position to date.
 Krokus (also known - by the band in particular - as First Album) is the self-titled first album by Swiss band Krokus. It was the only Krokus album to feature Hansi Droz and Remo Spadino. It is also the only Krokus album to show a progressive rock style. The album has become a collectors item since it was limited pressed (560 copies) and has never been reissued and is only available on the original vinyl.
 Punk Goes Acoustic is a compilation album released by Fearless Records as part of the Punk Goes... series. It contains a collection of both previously released and unreleased songs by various artists performing acoustically. It was packaged with a bonus CD showcasing acts on the Fearless and Victory record labels. The album was released on October 21 2003. This was the first Punk Goes... album to deviate from the theme of performing cover songs.
 Hold On is an EP being released on 8 June 2010 through Parachute by the New Zealand Hip Hop/ Rock band Rapture Ruckus. The Album is a New Zealand Release of the debut EP Rapture Ruckus which is being released through Tooth & Nail records.A pre release of the EP was made available on 29 January 2010 at the Parachute Music Festival 640 copies were printed and all sold in the first 24 hours of the festival.
 Tæt på [Up Close] is the debut album from Danish singer / songwriter Medina. It was released on 13 September 2007 by At:tack Music. The album was produced by two production teams: Copenhaniacs and Providers with guest appearances by rappers Joe True and Ruus and singer Joey Moe.
 1999 is the debut album released by French electronic duo Cassius. It was released in early 1999 on Virgin Records. The album was written and produced by Cassius members Phillippe Zdar and Boom Bass and received favorable reviews from music critics upon its release.1999 contained several singles which charted on the UK Singles Chart including Cassius 99 and Feeling for You both of which hit the Top 10 on the U.S. Hot Dance Club Play chart.
 Every Day I Wake Up on the Wrong Side of Capitalism is an album by rapper Sun Rise Above.
 10 H.M. (Short for 10 Hronia Mazi Greek: 10 Χρόνια Μαζί; English: 10 Years Together) is an album released by Greek singer Despina Vandi starting on December 6 2007. It is her 12th album from the beginning of her career and her 10th album with Phoebus. It is also her first studio album of new material since her 2004 release of Stin Avli Tou Paradisou. The album is dedicated to the 10-year collaboration with Phoebus and features a track of the same name.
 Viscera is a 2004 album by God Module.
 Chad Brock is the eponymous debut album of country music artist Chad Brock. Released in 1998 (see 1998 in country music) on Warner Bros. Records Nashville the album produced three chart singles for Brock on the Billboard country charts between 1998 and 1999. In order of release these were Evangeline (#51) Ordinary Life (#3) and Lightning Does the Work (#19).
 Wrath is the sixth studio album by American groove metal band Lamb of God. It was released on February 23 2009. It achieved number 2 on Billboard 200 with sales exceeding 68000 in the U.S. during its first week of release. As of 2010 it has sold over 202000 copies in the United States.
 Tales of the Sands is the third studio album by Tunisian progressive metal band Myrath released on September 27 2011 through XIII Bis Records in Europe and Nightmare Records worldwide. The album was produced by Adagio's keyboardist Kevin Codfert.
 Coal Miner's Daughter is a 1970 album by American country music singer-songwriter Loretta Lynn.The album's title track was the only single released and peaked at #1 on the Billboard Country Chart in late 1970. The song about the upbringing of Lynn's life made the song her signature song and also made this album very popular. The album peaked at #4 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart and #81 on the Billboard 200.
 Knights of the Cross is the eighth studio album by German heavy metal band Grave Digger released in 1998. It is the second of the Middle Ages Trilogy.
 All I Fuckin' Know is the second compilation album and seventh album overall by comedian/singer Eddie Murphy. The album was released on April 28 1998 for Sony Records and was produced by Eddie Murphy. All I Fuckin' Know contained both Stand-Up comedy sketches and songs that Murphy recorded in the 1980s.
 Beauty and the Beat is the second full-length album by American hip hop artist Edan released on March 29 2005 on Lewis Recordings. The album received critical acclaim getting 85% on the website Metacritic. This album was chosen as one of Amazon.com's Top 100 Editor's Picks of 2005. It is noted for its idiosyncratic lyrics and eclectic use of samples from several genres of music.
 I Love to Tell the Story A Hymns Collection is a studio album released by Christian singer Mark Lowry. The album was released by EMI Christian Music Group on July 17 2007. The album features renditions of several traditional and popular Christian hymns.
 Pure Smokey is Smokey Robinson's second post-Miracles album released in 1974. This release contains the unique and emotionally compelling hit single Virgin Man. Several songs were written by Robinson and co-written by fellow Miracle Marv Tarplin who left the group a year after Robinson's departure to join him in California and assist him in his solo projects.
 Ai no Dai 6 Kan (愛の第6感 Ai no Dai Rokkan A 6th sense of love) is the sixth album from the J-pop idol group Morning Musume released on December 8 2004.
 Living My Life is the sixth studio album by Grace Jones released in 1982. It was the last of three albums she recorded at the Compass Point Studios in the Bahamas.
 God and a Girl is the second release and debut full-length album by Christian artist/songwriter Joy Whitlock released on Ardent Records. The album contains 14 tracks 4 of which were on her The Fake EP released in 2005. The album title comes from the theme of Whitlock's conversations with God throughout each song. Some are written from her perspective to God others from God to her. As on her EP strings of struggle pain doubt and redemption are woven throughout the album.
 Success & Failure is an independent American hip hop album by rapper Chingy it was released on September 7 2010.
 Armageddon is the seventh album by Australian singer-songwriter Guy Sebastian. It was released in digital and CD format on 12 October 2012. A deluxe edition featuring a DVD of a concert from Sebastian's Armageddon Tour was also available. The album reached number one and double platinum certification in Australia and number 20 in New Zealand. It is Sebastian's seventh top ten album in Australia and his second to achieve a number one peak.
 6 Derrty Hits is an EP by rapper Nelly. It includes songs off of Country Grammar Nellyville and Brass Knuckles.
 At The Pier is an EP by the progressive rock band Nosound released on Kscope. The initial release was limited to 2000 copies distributed as a Digipack that included a Nosound guitar pick/plectrum that was in a stamped brown envelope. It features a new lineup of members to include drummer Chris Maitland (Porcupine Tree No-Man BlackfieldKino and I.E.M.) and Marco Berni on Keyboards. Marianne DeChastelaine is also featured on Cello in tracks 1 and 3.
 Stitt Goes Latin is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1963 and originally released on the Roost label.
 4630 Bochum is the fifth studio album released by the prominent German rock/pop artist Herbert Grönemeyer. It was released on 14 August 1984 by EMI.
 Chœurs is a joint musical album by Bertrand Cantat Pascal Humbert Bernard Falaise and Alexander MacSween released on Actes Sud label on 16 December 2011 although it was made available for downloads on 21 November 2011.The 17 tracks on the album are based on the text of Sophocles translated by Robert Davreu being the Greek chorus parts of the theatrical trilogy adaptation Le Cycle des Femmes: Trois histoires de Sophocle or just Des femmes (being the Sophocles pieces Women of Trachis Antigone and Electra by the Lebanese-Quebec artist Wajdi Mouawad in June 2011 and presented initially at Festival d'Avignon in 2011. 
 Dissertation Honey is the debut studio album by San Diego band The Plot to Blow Up the Eiffel Tower released on the Happy Couples Never Last label on June 17 2003. Note that the intro and outro songs Exhibitionism and Monotonous are excerpts from poet Kailani Amerson in one of her spoken verse sessions.
 Play for Japan is a benefit music project for the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake survivors conceived by Akira Yamaoka (known for the soundtracks of Silent Hill video game series) featuring celebrated videogame musicians and composers.
 The Baby Huey Story: The Living Legend is the only album of Baby Huey that has been released to date. It was put together and released 1971 after his death.
 No Witch is The Cave Singers' third album released February 22 2011 on Jagjaguwar.
 Sunless Days is Beseech's 5th and final album released in 2005 by Napalm Records.
 Shiva Space Machine was an album by Me Mom & Morgentaler released in 1993 on Chooch Records. It was the band's sole full-length studio album.
 JCS (John Carlo Stefano) released their self-titled debut album in 2000. The J in JCS stands for the group's drummer John Prats while the C stands for singer-guitarist Carlo Aquino and the S is for guitarist/bassist Stefano Mori. The group members are teenagers and the music is directed at a teeny bopper audience.
 To the Happy Few is the fifth studio album by American rock band Medicine. It was released in August 2013 on the Captured Tracks label.
 In Dublin is a folk/rock album by Alan Stivell recorded live at the National Stadium Dublin on 26 and 27 November 1974 and originally released in 1975.The album was produced by Alan Stivell and Peter Rice for Keltia III. It was recorded by Frank Owen on the Island Mobile and mixed by Howard Kilgour at Island Studios.
 They Live on the Sun is an album by Cloud Cult inspired in large part by the 2002 death of songwriter Craig Minowa's son Kaidin whose voice is sampled on the songs I'm Not Gone and Took You for Granted.
 Social Life is the second LP by Vagrant Records recording artist Koufax.
 Saturday Teenage Kick is Junkie XL's first studio album released in 1997.
 Best Of Three is a compilation of the three Coney Hatch albums released in 1992 which includes two previously un-released songs; Where I Draw The Line and Fuel For The Fire.
 Page Three – Easy Listening was a Patti Page LP album issued by Mercury Records as catalog number MG-20097.
 Punjabi Virsa 2006 was a concert tour by Manmohan Waris Sangtar and Kamal Heer. The Punjabi Virsa 2006 concert at the Hershey Center was recorded live and released on DVD and CD by Plasma Records. The Tour featured concerts in 34 Cities (8 in Canada 7 in Europe 3 in Australia and 16 in the USA). This has been one of the biggest Punjabi Virsa tours and one of the most successful ones. After the tour Sangtar said the following:We had a wonderful time meeting people all around the world.
 Tales of Captain Black is an album by American guitarist James Blood Ulmer (credited simply as James Blood on the cover) featuring Ornette Coleman Jamaaladeen Tacuma and Denardo Coleman recorded in 1978 and originally released on the Artists House label. The album was rereleased on CD with a new mix by Joe Ferla approved by Ulmer on the Japanese DIW label in 1999.
 The Golden Age is a 2001 album by Chicago-based rocker Bobby Conn released by the Thrill Jockey label.Conn said that the album is really about this depressing realization that I managed to extend the teenage years into my mid-30s—that’s happened to a lot of people. American society is structured to deal with superficial identity questions to keep people from making trouble.
 This is a list of Degrassi soundtracks.
 Underground Album is the 21st studio album by American country musician David Allan Coe. It was released as a mail order album not sold in stores only through the back pages of the motorcycling magazine Easyriders and in the concession stand at his shows.
 Anarchy released in June 20 2000 is the fourth studio album by Busta Rhymes. It comes after the release of The Coming When Disaster Strikes and Extinction Level Event (Final World Front). The album debuted at number 4 on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 164000 copies. The album would later be certified platinum by the RIAA.
 Beats Rhymes and Life is the fourth album of the hip hop group A Tribe Called Quest. Released in 1996 it followed three years after the highly regarded and successful Midnight Marauders. This album is a departure from the joyful positive vibe of the earlier albums and is regarded as the group's darkest album in content. It reached number-one on the Billboard 200 and Top R&B Albums charts.
 Different Stars is the second album by the American rock band Trespassers William. It was originally self-released in 2002 released in the UK on Bella Union on 28 September 2002 and finally re-released with minor track changes on Nettwerk Records on 19 October 2004.
 Seven Steps to Heaven is the eighth studio album by jazz musician Miles Davis released in 1963 by Columbia Records catalogue CL 2051 and CS 8851 in stereo. Recorded at Columbia's 30th Street Studios in Manhattan and at Columbia Studios in Los Angeles it presents the Miles Davis Quintet in transition.
 Chicago III is the third album by American rock band Chicago and was released in 1971. It was the band's third consecutive double album of new studio material in less than two years.
 Ola Mou Ta Mistika (Greek: Όλα Μου Τα Μυστικα; English: All my secrets) is a studio album by Greek singer Glykeria. It was released in March 1990 by WEA Greece and was her first release with the contract. It is composed by Stelios Fotiadis and certified Gold in Greece.
 Peepin' in My Window is the fourth studio album of Houston rapper Lil' Keke. It was released on July 17 2001. Guest appearances include Mr. 3-2 Fat Pat Big Pokey Archie Lee Big Hawk Al-D and more. There is also a screwed & chopped version available.
 Tonwelle is the second album by Klaus Schulze released under the name of Richard Wahnfried. It was originally released in 1981 and was not reissued by Revisited Records as part of the overall reissue program of Schulze albums. A two-disc reissue was released in January 2012 by MIG Music featuring different speeds from the original recording.
 Talkin' 'bout Soul consisted of tracks recorded for Vee-Jay Records in 1964/1965. All of the songs had been released before bar one You Better Stop thus warranting its inclusion in the album chronology. Something Moves In My Heart had previously been included on the 1971 UK released album Mr. Big under the title Every Time I Think About You. This album is essentially the Mr. Big album with one extra previously unreleased track.
 The Moment I Cauterize is the second album released by T.O.E. before they changed their name to Cauterize.This Album featured 4 songs that were later featured on their debut album So Far From Real.Curtain Call was the last song Cauterize ever played live.
 The Fi-Lo Beddow EP is an EP by The Bluetones vocalist Mark Morriss (aka Fi-Lo Beddow). The tracks have been re-arranged for solo debut album Memory Muscle. The CD is currently out of print.
 Welcome to the New is the eighth studio album from Christian rock band MercyMe which released on April 8 2014 by Fair Trade Services and Columbia Records and the producers are David Garcia and Ben Glover.It debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Christian Album chart No. 1 and No. 4 on the Billboard 200 chart selling 26000 copies in its first week. The lead single from the album is Shake which has peaked at No.
 Baraka was composed by Michael Stearns and was released on August 24 1993 one year after the film opened for public viewing.Milan Records presents this digitally remastered special edition soundtrack to the 1992 cult classic docudrama BARAKA. Scored by renowned new age composer Michael Stearns BARAKA takes the listener on a world tour of cultural (and natural) experience.
 Heritage Way is the fourth album from Texas singer-songwriter Phil Pritchett. The album is noted for having a more personal introspective feel to it having Pritchett playing most of the instruments and writing all of the songs. It is comparatively more acoustic-folk based than most of Pritchett's more rock-country based albums.
 Martha Wash is the self-titled solo debut album by Martha Wash released in 1993 on RCA Records. The album peaked at #8 on the Top Heatseekers chart #169 on The Billboard 200 and #42 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. It includes the two #1 Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart hits Carry On and Give It To You and the Top 10 hit Runaround. Give It To You enjoyed limited success in the pop market peaking at #90 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 To the Death is the sixth album by American metalcore band Earth Crisis. It is the first Earth Crisis album since they reunited in 2007. It is also their first album on Century Media. It was released April 20 2009 in Europe and May 5 2009 in North America.
 War Party is a 2004 album by the band Gwar. It was released on October 26 2004 being the band's first album in DRT Entertainment. The album was released to positive reviews and has been said by the band to be Gwar's best selling album in recent years.
 In My High School is the debut album of American country music artist Blaine Larsen.
 The Art of the Trio Volume One is an album by American pianist and composer Brad Mehldau released on the Warner Bros. label in 1997.
 CPR is the first studio album recorded by Crosby Pevar and Raymond (CPR).
 Soft Hands is a 2007 jazz album featuring trio led by bassist Ron McClure and also featuring tenor saxophonist Rich Perry and multi-instrumentalist George Colligan here playing piano. The album is listed as one of the Core Collection albums in The Penguin Guide to Jazz. The album features eight mid-tempo tracks and ballads penned by McClure.
 Fall Into Spring is a 1974 album by Rita Coolidge and was released on the A&M Records label.
 The Best of Aldo Nova is a compilation album by Canadian rock musician Aldo Nova released in 2006. It features songs from his first three albums.
 The One Who Really Loves You is the second album recorded by R&B singer and Motown recording artist Mary Wells released in 1962 on the Motown label.
 Never Shout Never is an EP by Never Shout Never which was released on December 8 2009. The physical release is sold exclusively at Hot Topic. The EP features two songs from his then upcoming Sire Records full-length debut What is Love? one song that is a B-side from The Summer EP and one live track.
 Calling Time is the fourth studio album by Basshunter. It was released on May 13 2013.
 Norma Jean is the debut and only solo studio album by American R&B singer Norma Jean Wright released on Bearsville Records in 1978. The album was produced by Bernard Edwards and Nile Rodgers of the band Chic and was the project directly following the band's successful self-titled debut album Chic which featured Wright on vocals.
 Liebe ist eine Rose (Love Is a Rose) is the twenty-third studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. It was the group's first album on Ariola Records. It was certified Gold.
 World Wide Rebel Songs is the third full-length studio album by The Nightwatchman the alter ego of Tom Morello.
 TMG I is the debut album for Japanese-based supergroup Tak Matsumoto Group released on June 23 2004. Eric Martin wrote all lyrics while Tak Matsumoto the founder of the band and of B’z fame was responsible for all music.
 Eventually is the second solo album that Paul Westerberg released after the breakup of The Replacements.The album started out in Atlanta with producer Brendan O'Brien. Although those sessions produced good results—the leadoff single Love Untold among them—Westerberg and O'Brien parted ways. O'Brien was pressed for time and Westerberg needed more time to write enough songs to fill out a full album.
 Glory is the debut extended play (EP) by Australian hip hop recording artist Iggy Azalea released on 30 July 2012 by Grand Hustle Records. The EP serves as her first project with T.I.'s label since the announcement of her signing back in March 2012. The EP features guest appearances from T.I. who also serves as the project's executive producer along with fellow rappers B.o.B and Pusha T as well as singer-songwriter Mike Posner.
 Listen Learn Read On is a box set released by the British hard rock band Deep Purple in 2002.It is a collection of 74 tracks distributed in six CDs around a quarter of which were unreleased prior to the album; all the tracks were subject to extensive re-mastering at EMI's Abbey Road Studios.
 Luz Solar 2 is MC Ceja 4th album. It was leaked into the internet on September 2008. It features Guelo Star Polaco NOTTY or N.O.T.T.Y. and more. It was released on his own Label Get Low Records
 Blue Star is the third album by Levinhurst released in the U.S. on June 9 2009 and worldwide on February 2 2010. Although Michael Dempsey had previously worked with Lol Tolhurst in The Cure and Presence this marks the first album that the two of them have recorded together since Three Imaginary Boys in 1979.
 Banda Rito is the 17th and final studio album from the Filipino trio APO Hiking Society. The album has 10 tracks and was released under the Universal Records label. The tracks includes original compositions by different Filipino bands that gained prominence during the late 90s in the Philippines such as Pare Ko by The Eraserheads Harana by Parokya ni Edgar Kisapmata by Rivermaya among others.
 Parallel Minds is the second full-length album by the Norwegian power metal/progressive metal band Conception released in 1993.
 Disneymania 3 is the third album released in the Disneymania series. The album was released on February 15 2005 and was certified Gold soon after. It peaked at #30 on the Billboard 200 one spot behind its predecessor Disneymania 2.
 Con-Test is the fifth album by FM a progressive rock band from Toronto Canada released in 1985.
 Clothes Drop is the seventh studio album released by Jamaican rapper Shaggy. The album was released on September 2 2005. When the album was released promotionally in 2004 it was debated that the album would not be commercially released. However over a year later the album was officially released.
 Dropped is the fifth full-length album by industrial/hip hop artists Consolidated which was released in 1998. The title could be a reaction to having been dropped by London Records because of poor album sales but in some interviews Adam Sherburne explained that the title is a general reference to men having dropped the ball -- having failed to live up to their responsibilities -- in their relationships.
 Hits 1979–1989 is a compilation album by Rosanne Cash released in 1989. It peaked at No. 9 on the Billboard Top Country Albums charts and No. 152 on The Billboard 200.
 No Reins is a 1986 album by the Little River Band. It was the band's last studio album with John Farnham on lead vocals. CD format of this album is out of print and expensive.
 Studio Uno 66 is an album by Italian singer Mina.The album was released in the spring of 1966 topping the charts and yielding three top ten singles - Ta-ra-ta-ta Una casa al cima al mondo and Se telefonando.Se telefonando is Mina's flawless interpretation of a difficult song composed and arranged by Ennio Morricone to lyrics by Maurizio Costanzo. The main theme of the song thrills around just three notes taken from the siren of a police car in Marseilles.
 Transmitting Live is a 1994 live album by the Scottish Celtic rock band Runrig.
 Sweet Fanny Adams is the second album by Sweet their first of two released in 1974 and also their first album simply as Sweet. The album was a turning point and change in the band's sound.
 The Essentials by Twisted Sister is a compilation album which came out in 2002.
 George and Tammy Super Hits is an album by American country music artists George Jones and Tammy Wynette. This album was released on May 2 1995 on the Epic Records.
 Live at NEARFest is a live album by Strawbs. It was recorded at NEARFest in Bethlehem Pennsylvania on July 11 2004 and featured the line-up which played together on the albums Hero and Heroine and Ghosts. This line-up had not played together since 1975.
 They Call Me Mr. Kane is the third studio album by American rapper Kokane released November 16 1999 on Eureka Records.
 Love Me Hate Me Kiss Me Kill Me is the first full length album by artist Fukkk Offf released June 8 2009 by Coco Machete Records.
 Bangin' is an album by British band The Outfield which yielded one Top 40 hit Since You've Been Gone. The album also contained two other singles No Surrender and Bangin' on My Heart. No Surrender became a minor hit receiving MTV airplay and radio airplay in select markets. Bangin' on My Heart did not fare too well but did reach top 40 on the mainstream rock charts. The Bangin' album has been certified gold and isn't too far from platinum status as of 2010.
 Haastaja is the debut studio album by Finnish pop singer Jontte Valosaari. Released on 26 April 2013 by EMI Finland the album peaked at number 29 on the Official Finnish Album Chart.
 Dile al sol is Spanish pop rock band La Oreja de Van Gogh's debut album released by Sony Music Entertainment in May 1998. The album was very successful in Spain selling more than 800000 copies there.This first album was recorded in Madrid between the months of July and August. The title track from this album Dile al sol (Tell the Sun) was the one with which people began to know them but it was not until Cuéntame al oído (Tell me in the ear) that the band became a success.
 Sacred Journey of Ku-Kai is a series of peace-themed albums by new age artist Kitarō inspired by the classic Buddhist pilgrimage to the 88 sacred temples on Japan's island of Shikoku. Each album in the series has been nominated for a Grammy Award for Best New Age Album.
 Slow Dance Original Soundtrack is the soundtrack album of the 2005 popular summer Japanese television drama Slow Dance. The drama itself received the highest view ratings of its season at the time. It was released on July 7 2005.
 Live 1997 is a 1998 live album by the English space rock group Hawkwind.It was recorded at various shows during the group's 1997 tour to promote the Distant Horizons album.
 Night Crawler is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt with organist Don Patterson recorded in 1965 and released on the Prestige label.
 Diamond Wave is the sixth studio album by Japanese recording artist Mai Kuraki. It was released on August 2 2006.
 You Need a Mess of Help to Stand Alone (1993) is an album by the British band Saint Etienne. It was the first of several compilations released by the band assembling various non-LP tracks such as the single Who Do You Think You Are with b-sides and other tracks. The title is derived from the song of the same name by the Beach Boys.Before its release as a proper album the disc was originally packaged in a 2 CD limited edition reissue of So Tough (HVNLP6CDX)
 19972007 (read Nineteen Ninety-Seven Two Thousand Seven) is the first greatest hits album from Japanese electronica/rock duo Boom Boom Satellites released on January 27 2010. The two-disc album compiles the first 10 years of their music with tracks released between 1997 and 2007. A limited edition DVD version was also released containing recordings of live performances and music videos.
 This eponymously named debut album from The Waterboys was recorded in several studio sessions between December 1981 and November 1982. Allmusic describes the sound of the album as part Van Morrison part U2.The album cover is a photograph of lead singer Mike Scott by Panny Charrington and designed by Stephanie Nash. The Waterboys logo appears in the pale blue box in the upper right-hand corner of the original album cover (pale pink on 2002 reissue).
 Let's Ryde 2Night EP is an EP by rap group Tha Dogg Pound. It was released online as an iTunes exclusive after Tha Dogg Pound's deal with Cash Money Records was postponed. The featured single Ch-Ching was intended for their 100 Wayz album but was released on Let's Ryde 2Night along with several other new songs as well a few unreleased Dogg Pound tracks that were originally recorded for Cali Iz Active.
 Stringin' Along With Chet Atkins is the title of the second recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins on the RCA Victor label. It was available as a 10-inch vinyl record. RCA subsequently released it as a 12-inch [LP] in 1955 with additional and omitted tracks.The song Main Street Breakdown had been released as a single in 1949 and was a minor success.
 Love Is a Long Road is the third studio album by Canadian country music group High Valley. It was released on June 12 2012 by Open Road Recordings in Canada and by Centricity Music in the United States. It includes the single Have I Told You I Love You Lately.
 The Living Dead is the second studio album by Bump of Chicken first released on March 25 2000 on High Line Records. It was released again on April 28 2004 on Toy's Factory.
 Shine is the second studio album and major label debut for the Richmond VA based Pat McGee Band released on April 11 2000.On the heels of successful independent releases in Revel and General Admission the band inked an album contract with Warner Bros. subsidiary Giant Records.
 Still Valentine's Day 1969 is a live album by folk guitarist Sandy Bull released in 2006 through Water Records.
 Beat Crazy is the third album by Joe Jackson released in October 1980 and credited to the Joe Jackson Band. It was a relative disappointment commercially peaking outside the Top 40 in both the UK and the United States with its singles failing to chart. One reason for the reduced sales in the U.S. may have been that the group did not tour to support it there. Nevertheless the Joe Jackson Band was successful and toured extensively.
 Hater is the debut studio album by the American rock band Hater. It was released in 1993 on A&M Records.
 Lamento Náufrago (Shipwreck's Complain) is a 1958 (see 1958 in music) studio album by Chucho Sanoja and his Orchestra with the record label Discomoda.
 Future Listening! is the debut solo album from Japanese electronic musician Towa Tei. It was Tei's first release after his departure from dance music act Deee-Lite.The album incorporates an array of musical styles including electronic bossa nova trip hop house jazz and pop.
 Out Of The Box the title of the debut mini-album released by Jade Valerie. It was released on October 17 2007 as two versions a CD only and a CD + DVD version and later on was released in Korea in a new edition. The Korean edition parted with 'Goodbye' and 'Mr. Pay Me' from the original release with the addition of highlight tracks from Jade's following album Bittersweet Symphony. The album saw a combination of new influences by Jade mostly centering around modern musical trends.
 Unity Band is a studio album by American jazz guitarist Pat Metheny along with Chris Potter on saxophone and bass clarinet Ben Williams on bass and Antonio Sánchez on drums. This is the first Metheny album featuring tenor saxophone in 32 years (since 1980's 80/81). The album was released through Nonesuch Records on June 12 2012 and received the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Instrumental Album during the 2013 Grammy Awards marking Metheny's 20th Grammy win.
 Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits compilation released by American country music artist Mark Chesnutt. It features ten of the greatest hits from his second through sixth studio albums as well as the newly recorded tracks It's a Little Too Late and Let It Rain. Both of these tracks were released as singles in 1996 peaking at #1 and #8 respectively on the Hot Country Songs charts. The album itself earned RIAA platinum certification.
 Cabin Fever is the seventh studio album by Corb Lund and the Hurtin' Albertans. It was released by New West Records on August 14 2012.The album was named a longlisted nominee for the 2013 Polaris Music Prize on June 13 2013.
 Back For My Life is an EP by the German power metal band Masterplan. It also contains a multimedia section.
 Life is the fifth studio album by British band Simply Red released in 1995. The lead single Fairground became their first number 1 hit in the UK. Due to this success the album also made #1 on the UK album chart. It also included We're in This Together the official theme song for Euro '96. This was also the last album to feature band member Fritz McIntyre.
 Life in the So-Called Space Age is the 1998 album released by God Lives Underwater and is their second full length album. The title comes from the cover of the Depeche Mode album Black Celebration where it appears in quotes on the back while the front cover features a distorted view of a skyscraper. The song From Your Mouth appeared in the 2000 film Gossip.
 Pieces Part One is the fifth studio album by Korean hip-hop group Epik High released on April 17 2008. A repackaged version of the album was released with a remix version of Love Love Love.
 The Big O is a music album recorded by Roy Orbison for London Records in the United Kingdom with the music and backing vocals provided by English group the Art Movement on all tracks except for Penny Arcade which was a studio recording and released as a single in the UK in 1969 where it peaked at #27 and would be Orbison's last UK chart success during his lifetime. Penny Arcade was also his biggest hit in Australia spending four weeks at Number One around Christmas 1969.
 An Evening with Mel Tormé is a 1996 live album by Mel Tormé. This was Tormé's final recording before a stroke ended his career.
 The Stars Are So Big The Earth Is So Small... Stay as You Are is the debut album of Pram released on September 1993 through Too Pure.
 Heppoco Pou is the first studio album by Japanese girl band eX-Girl released in 1998.
 The Early Years 1946–1957 is a five-disc compilation recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins released in 2007.
 We the People is the first studio album by Flipsyde and the only album featuring DJ D-Sharp as an official member.It was originally released on July 12 2005. It was re-released with the additional track Happy Birthday later that year. A limited edition featuring five additional tracks was released in 2006 with an accompanying DVD.
 World Abomination is the first demo release by technical death metal band Oppressor. It was released in 1991.
 A Fire Inside is an EP by American rock band AFI. It was released on September 29 1998 through Nitro Records. The EP title is a quote from the introductory track on their previous album Shut Your Mouth and Open Your Eyes as well as the band name's permanent abbreviation. The EP includes two original songs and two covers. Although the EP is out of print and no longer sold in current retail stores it can be found on iTunes for digital download.
 War on 45 was an eight-song 12 EP released by the hardcore band D.O.A. in 1982. It was re-released in 2005 on CD with an additional eleven songs but without the composition Let's Fuck for a total of eighteen tracks. The original cover has MARCH INTO THE 80'S written on it while the 2005 version says MARCH TO THE END.
 Interpol: Live in Astoria EP is the sixth EP released by the band and the first in two years since the Remix EP. It was recorded during the London Astoria show on July 2 on the European leg of their Our Love to Admire world tour.
 Fantasía flamenca de Paco de Lucía (Paco de Lucía's Flamenco Fantasy) is the second solo studio album by Paco de Lucía.
 Buster: The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the 1988 British film Buster. The album is essentially a collection of oldies tucked in between two Phil Collins songs that were recorded for the film in which he starred.
 Drivin' Hard released in May 1981 on the Polydor label is the first album by Shakatak.
 80 In The Shade is the third recording released by The Cops. It was recorded by Magoo (Regurgitator Midnight Oil) and the band’s singer/songwriter Simon Carter. It was mixed by Paul McKercher (You Am I Sarah Blasko) and mastered by Greg Calbi at Sterling Sound.
 Smalltown Poets is the debut album of the Christian rock band of the same name. It was released in 1997 by ForeFront Records and was produced by Jon Hampton.The album sold over 100000 copies and had six Top 20 singles among them two number-one singles.
 Sunrise is a two-disc compilation of Elvis Presley's studio recordings at Sun Studio from 1953 to 1955 released in 1999 RCA 67675-2. This set features all of the surviving master recordings made by Presley and his accompanists Scotty Moore and Bill Black occasionally augmented by other musicians prior to his arrival on RCA Records in 1956.
 Jailhouse Rock is an extended-play seven-inch 45 RPM record released on RCA Records catalogue EPA 4114 during November 1957. Recording sessions took place at Radio Recorders in Hollywood on April 30 and May 3 1957 with an additional session at the MGM Soundstage in Hollywood on May 9 for Don't Leave Me Now. It peaked at #1 on the newly inaugurated Billboard EP chart.
 The Manhattans is the self-titled album by R&B vocal group The Manhattans released in 1976 on the Columbia label. The Manhattans was the group's third Columbia album; the previous two (There's No Me Without You and That's How Much I Love You) had sold respectably to the R&B market but failed to garner any significant crossover attention.
 Time Step is an album by American guitarist Leo Kottke released in 1983.
 Reality is the 23rd studio album by English rock musician David Bowie. It was released in 2003 on his Iso Records label in conjunction with Columbia Records.
 Draw Muhammad (Humaniterrorist Records) is the first EP studio release by Cobra Skulls.
 Malachai (Shadow Weaver Part 2) is an experimental album by The Legendary Pink Dots released in 1993 on Play It Again Sam Records
 Sine Missione (Latin: Without mercy) is the first album by Dutch Pagan folk band Omnia recorded in 1999 and released in 2000. It was supposed to be an archeologically and historically promotional CD and not to be used for the popular market. It contains constructions of Roman and Gallo-Roman music.
 No Kiseki or Super Session (released in 1968) is the second album by the Japanese psychedelic band The Jacks. After the groups more acclaimed work Vacant World Super Session went in a new direction more tailored to the 1960s Japanese pop scene. Though internationally obscure the release is still in print by Toshiba/EMI Japan.
 Can't Fight Fate is the second album by American singer Taylor Dayne. The album continued her chart success and was certified 2x Platinum by the RIAA. It includes the Top Ten hit singles With Every Beat of My Heart and I'll Be Your Shelter the number one Love Will Lead You Back and the top 20 pop chart hit Heart of Stone.
 New Rare Live is a 2004 compilation album by the Australian band Superheist. It includes the band's final recorded songs with earlier songs and live recordings of the group's final concert at Melbourne in 2003.
 Mother Head's Family Reunion is the Richie Kotzen's first post-Poison solo album.
 Natural Thing is the debut studio album by American singer Tanya Blount released in March of 1994 under Polydor Records. The album peaked to number 58 on the Billboard Top R&B Albums chart and features the top 40 R&B hit Through the Rain I'm Gonna Make You Mine and Hold On.
 Slow Heat (1998) is an album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach. It contains one 71-minute track composed for continuous playback.The music consists of a natural insect ambience recorded just outside Roach’s house and slow pulsating electronic chords. For inspiration during the development of this recording Roach monitored the mix on both indoor and outdoor speakers.
 The Simple Life is Josh Woodward's sixth and seventh studio albums and first double album released in 2008. The album was released under a Creative Commons license.
 Turmeric is a box set album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It marks Merzbow's return to using metals and feedback since switching to computers. The album art depicts Masami Akita's pet silkie chickens which have black skin and bones. They're also referred to on Animal Magnetism and Higanbana.Some of the sounds are made by a chicken pecking at objects.
 Hot House is an album by Steve Lacy and Mal Waldron released on the RCA Novus label in 1991. It features duo performances of tunes written by Herbie Nichols Tadd Dameron Bud Powell Thelonious Monk. Sidney Bechet Duke Ellington along with two compositions by Waldron and one by Lacy.
 Heaven Is for Easy Girls is the debut album by Canadian indie pop band The Awkward Stage released in 2006 on Mint Records.
 Kabul is the first album by Muslimgauze.
 My Kind of Country is the eighth studio album by American singer Reba McEntire. It was her second album for MCA Records. My Kind of Country peaked at 13 on Billboard's (North America) Country Music Albums chart.
 Il mio canto libero (My Free Singing) is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Lucio Battisti. It was released in November 1972 by Numero Uno.
 Never Surrender is the sixth studio album by Canadian hard rock band Triumph released in 1983. The album reached #26 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart assisted by the singles All the Way A World of Fantasy and Never Surrender which hit #2 #3 and #23 respectively on the Mainstream Rock chart of 1983. A remastered CD was first released in 1985 on MCA Records (then again in 1995 on the band's own TRC label).
 The Choir is a retrospective EP by The Choir that has been released only in 12 format. The cover features the same photograph as Choir Practice although it has been cropped and is much grainier. There are actually five songs on the record even though the cover says that there are only four.
 Bang Camaro II is the second album by Boston rock band Bang Camaro released on November 18 2008 under Black Sword Records. However after their shows in Boston on November 14 and Brooklyn on November 15 they pre-released copies of the album to those at the shows. The album was added to iTunes on January 13 2009.Night Lies is featured as a track in the bonus setlist in the game Rock Band 2.
 Scandinavia is the eighth studio album by the Danish soft rock band Michael Learns to Rock. It was released in 2012. This is the second MLTR studio album after Eternity to be solely produced by Mikkel Lentz. The track Any Way You Want It featured on music charts in Indonesia India and in their native Denmark. The album has received mostly positive reviews from critics with Musicperk giving 8 ratings out of 10.
 Dave Van Ronk Sings Ballads Blues and a Spiritual is an album by American folksinger Dave Van Ronk released in 1959. It was also released on LP as Gambler's Blues and as Black Mountain Blues. All these releases are out of print. Some of the songs can be found on the 1991 Smithsonian Folkways CD release The Folkways Years 1959 - 1961.
 Sphinctour is a live CD/DVD/VHS release by the industrial metal band Ministry released in 2002. It contains various tracks recorded on their 1996 world tour in support of the album Filth Pig.
 Xbox Soundtracks Presents... Start (also known as Xbox Soundtracks Presents) is a compilation album released by Universal and features 17 songs from the soundtracks of various popular Xbox games.
 Before Smile Empty Soul became Smile Empty Soul they were known as another name; Hecklers Veto. During this time they released an EP titled Smile Empty Soul copies of the EP were passed out at local rock shows by the band. One fan recalls getting one at a local Papa Roach show despite them being passed out quantities of the EP are very rare. There are only two known physical copies in existence resulting in a collectors item of Smile Empty Soul fans. One is owned by J.
 Wildflowers is the 2001 debut album by Jonathan Byrd. The songs are mostly original songs with a few traditional tunes. Here he mixes contemporary singer-songwriter storytelling with Appalachian folk roots. There is even a murder ballad; Velma is a song about serial killer Velma Barfield whose victims included Byrd's own grandfather.
 Talkie Walkie is the fourth full-length album by French music duo Air released on 27 January 2004. The album was possibly named after the song Le Talkie Walkie by Serge Gainsbourg a known influence of the duo. Alone in Kyoto was included on the soundtrack to the 2003 film Lost in Translation and Run was used in the Veronica Mars episode Nobody Puts Baby in a Corner as well as the 2004 French film Lila Says. Talkie-walkie means walkie-talkie in French.
 Tonight Alright is the sixth studio album by Australian rock band Spiderbait. It features the number one Australian single Black Betty the top 30 single Fucken Awesome and the top 100 single Tonite.[citation needed] Live in a Box was used in the game Gran Turismo 4.
 The Dizzy Gillespie Reunion Big Band (subtitled 20th and 30th Anniversary) is a live album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie recorded at the Berlin Jazz Festival in 1968 and originally released on the German MPS label.
 This article is about the album by Tiësto. For its title track see In My Memory (song).In My Memory is the first solo CD produced by trance artist DJ Tiësto released on April 15 2001 (see 2001 in music). This CD featured the vocals of Jan Johnston Nicola Hitchcock and Kirsty Hawkshaw. Junkie XL produced Obsession on this CD. This CD produced 5 major hits that launched Tiësto's career. The singles were Dallas 4PM Flight 643 Obsession Lethal Industry and Suburban Train.
 Roberta Flack is Roberta Flack's self-titled album. It represents her eighth album overall and was released in 1978. Its premiere single If Ever I See You Again was #1 on Billboard's Adult Contemporary chart for three consecutive weeks. It was also a Top 20 Pop hit.
 Recorded Live at the Monterey Jazz Festival is a live album by saxophonist John Handy recorded in 1965 and released in 1966. It is Handy's most famous album and his debut on Columbia. The original album only features two long instrumental pieces notable for their free form a peculiar use of harmonies and unusual instruments (violin and guitar along with more classic jazz instruments are uncommon in jazz music).
 Demos and Live Cuts Vol. 1 is a 2007 album by Michale Graves.
 Skywriting is the second album by The Field Mice.It is often regarded as the most experimental of their three albums: featuring six wildly eclectic tracks ranging from post-acid house electronica (the side-long opener Triangle) country and western (side two's opener Canada) Go-Betweens-influenced jangle pop (Clearer) and New Order-type sequencer / guitars (It Isn't Forever) to wistful atmospheric slow-motion ambience (Below The Stars) and bizarre sample-strewn noise-collages (final track Humblebee).
 The Journey is a CD/DVD by 2006 Australian Idol runner-up Jessica Mauboy. It contains recordings of all her live performances from her time in the top- 12 on Idol. It was released on 24 February 2007 in Australia reached number 4 on the ARIA Albums Chart and gained a gold accreditation.
 Oath of a Warrior is the second full-length album by the German Viking metal band Black Messiah. It was released on May 23 2005 through Einheit Produktionen.
 Rabbit Songs is an album by Hem. It was released on June 11 2002 on DreamWorks Records. The album was featured on NPR's All Songs Considered [1] following its release and the song Half Acre was later used in a Liberty Mutual commercial.
 Profiles is a live album by American jazz vibraphonist Gary McFarland featuring performances recorded at the Lincoln Centre Philharmonic Hall in 1966 for the Impulse! label.
 Harry for the Holidays is American artist Harry Connick Jr.'s second Christmas album released in 2003. The album features Connick and his 16 piece Big Band and a full string section. Harry for the Holidays was the best-selling holiday album in the United States of 2003 according to sales figures from Nielsen/SoundScan with 687000 copies sold in the U.S. that year.A Harry For The Holidays television special aired on NBC December 23 2003. The TV special was released on DVD October 19 2004.
 Rekreatur is Equilibrium's third full-length album which was released on 18 June 2010. The band released the music video for Der Ewige Sieg on 16 June 2010. On 11 June the album in its entirety was available for streaming from the band's official MySpace until 18 June.
 Scanning The Greenhouse is the first compilation album by the Swedish progressive rock band The Flower Kings.This album contains songs from their first four studio albums (including Roine Stolt's solo album The Flower King) and focuses on long tracks almost all of them with more than 10 minutes.
 Miles Davis & Gil Evans: The Complete Columbia Studio Recordings is a box set of music by jazz musicians Miles Davis and Gil Evans originally released on CD in 1996 and remastered and re-released in 2004. It collects work from 1957 through 1968 at Columbia Records recording studios.Miles Davis and Gil Evans had worked together on Davis' landmark 1949 album Birth of the Cool.
 Pop as a Weapon (often mis-credited as More Songs About Hair) is a compilation album from Orange County pop punk band Supernova released in 2001 by Sympathy for the Record Industry.The album contains material recorded between 1992 and 1994 that was only previously available on vinyl.
 The Seventh One is Toto's seventh studio album. It was released in 1988 and became the best-received Toto album since Toto IV. This is the second and last album to feature Joseph Williams on lead vocals. He was fired after the Seventh One world tour due to loss of voice attributed to drug abuse. The single Pamela reached number 22 in the Billboard charts. The title track The Seventh One is only featured on the Japanese version of the album and on the b-side of the Pamela single.
 NESferatu is the first album by The GothsiclesNESferatu was released in September 2006 on Sonic Mainline Records.
 Top 40 Hits is the second full-length album by Anal Cunt released in 1995 on CD and cassette by Earache Records.The cover of this album is a parody of the compilation albums released in the 1970s by TV advertising company K-Tel.The album was recorded in 1994 as part of the band's attempt to move from playing noisecore to playing fast hardcore songs although the album contains both styles.
 Season of Poison is the second studio album by American indie rock band Shiny Toy Guns. It was released on November 4 2008 through Universal Motown Records Group. It peaked at #47 on the Billboard Hot 100 the following week. The album introduced the band's 3rd female vocalist Sisely Treasure. The album featured two singles: Ricochet! and Ghost Town.Season of Poison generated far less hype than We Are Pilots and failed to sell well resulting in a low sales count of 60000 copies.
 Dusty Fact is the first album by well-known Russian rock group Splean. It was recorded onto audio cassette at night in the secrecy of the studio in the St. Petersburg Buff Theatre. At the time Alexander Vasilyev and Alexander Morozov were working there.
 Hysterical is the third album by Clap Your Hands Say Yeah released on September 12 2011 in the UK Europe Japan and Australia and September 20 in the United States. The album is produced by John Congleton and features cover art designed by Maya Pindyck. The band released Same Mistake and Maniac as singles. Both can be downloaded from their website.
 The Times They Are a-Changin' is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan released on January 13 1964 by Columbia Records.Produced by Tom Wilson it is the singer-songwriter's first collection to feature only original compositions. The album consists mostly of stark sparsely-arranged ballads concerning issues such as racism poverty and social change.
 Roja is the soundtrack album to the 1992 Tamil film of the same name directed by Mani Ratnam starring Aravind Swamy and Madhoo. Released on Lahari Music it was the debut work of music composer A. R. Rahman featuring originally lyrics by Vairamuthu. Roja is considered a milestone in Tamil and Indian film music that heralded the start of a new era. It was also listed in Time magazine's 10 Best Soundtracks of all time.
 Espejos azules (Spanish: Blue mirror) is the fourth studio album by the Argentine singer Pablo Ruiz. It was released in 1990.[citation needed]
 The Approach is the debut album of the Illinois-based industrial band I:Scintilla. Production on the album began immediately after the formation of the band and it was produced by guitarist Jim Cookas.It is currently out of print but secondhand copies can still be found online.
 Silent Tongues is a live album by Cecil Taylor on solo piano recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1974. It features Taylor's five-movement work Silent Tongues along with two encores.
 Board Up the House is the second full-length album by the experimental metal band Genghis Tron. The album was recorded and mixed at Godcity Studio from August 29 to September 21 2007 in Salem Massachusetts by Converge guitarist Kurt Ballou. It was mastered at New Alliance East by Nick Zampiello. The album was released on February 19 2008 by Relapse Records on CD and on March 25 by Lovepump United on vinyl.This album contains a few songs that are notably more mature than previous works.
 Love is You is the first mini album by Indonesian girl band Cherry Belle released in 2011. This mini album make in DVD/VCD format contains main singles Dilema and Love Is You.
 New Values was Iggy Pop's third solo studio album and his first since The Stooges' Fun House without any involvement from David Bowie. Released in 1979 it was Pop's first record for Arista and the first collaboration by Pop and James Williamson since Kill City. The album also reunited Pop and Williamson with multi-instrumentalist Scott Thurston who had played live piano for The Stooges on Metallic K.O. and Kill City.
 The Best in Town is the second album to by Welsh post-hardcore band The Blackout. The album was released on 25 May 2009 in Europe and 23 June 2009 in the USA. The track listing for the entire album was released by the band via their Myspace blog.
 Ena Hadi (Greek: Ένα χάδι; English: A caress) is the title of the third studio album by the popular Greek artist Peggy Zina released in 2001 by Nitro Music. The album contains 15 tracks with music by Kyriakos Papadopoulos Ilias Philippos Konstantinos Pantzis and Stelios Rokkos while the lyrics are written by the Niki Spyropoulou and Poseidonas Giannopoulos.
 The Bristol Concert was a collaboration between the British free jazz quartet Mujician (plus vocalist Julie Tippetts) and The Georgian Ensemble an 11-piece group from Georgia. The concert programme featured compositions by Keith Tippett who also acted as musical director for the collaboration and played piano.The concert was recorded and broadcast by the BBC in 1991. A CD was issued in 2000 by What! Disc a now-defunct subsidiary of Voiceprint.
 Prospekt's March is an EP by English alternative rock band Coldplay initially released on 21 November 2008 in Europe and Japan and worldwide the following week. It features several tracks left over from the studio sessions for Coldplay's fourth studio album Viva la Vida or Death and All His Friends.
 The Luxury Of Hysteria is the fourth solo album by the front band for Australian rock band You Am I Tim Rogers and his first to be credited solely to his name although his backing band The Temperance Union did play on most tracks. The album was released on the 29 September 2007. The only single from the album When Yer Sad was released to radio and TV.
 Love on Your Side – The Best of Thompson Twins is a double disc compilation (total running time: 152'58 minutes) of 36 tracks by British pop band Thompson Twins released in 2007. Aside from their numerous hits the collection also contains many non-single tracks from their successful 1983-85 period (including the entirety of the band's Quick Step and Side Kick and Into The Gap albums and all but two tracks from their Here's To Future Days album).
 The Kiwi Folk Scene '65–'71 is a New Zealand compilation album released in 2005. The album was released to celebrate many of the folk artists and group that were a dominant part of the 1960s and early 70s in New Zealand’s musical heritage.All the artists appearing on this album recorded their own shows for radio and at one time or another appeared or were regulars on folk music TV shows such as Folk Tonight and There's A Meeting Here Tonight.
 Don't Do Anything is the eleventh studio album by American singer and songwriter Sam Phillips. The album is Phillips' first to be self-produced and was released on June 3 2008.Sister Rosetta Goes Before Us was previously recorded by Robert Plant and Alison Krauss for their 2007 album Raising Sand. Phillips stated the song was inspired by Sister Rosetta Tharpe.
 The Birthday Party is a 1980 album by Australian rock band The Boys Next Door (later reissued under the band name The Birthday Party).
 Dirt Don't Hurt is the second official album by Holly Golightly and the Brokeoffs former members of the band Thee Headcoatees. It is a collaboration with her long-time band mate Lawyer Dave.
 Ultimate Kenny G is the third greatest hits album by saxophonist Kenny G. It was released by Arista Records in 2003 and reached number 2 on the Contemporary Jazz and Contemporary Jazz Albums charts and number 42 on the Billboard 200.
 In the Wake of the Wind is an album by David Arkenstone released in 1991. It is the first album in a trilogy that includes Quest of the Dream Warrior and Return of the Guardians. The music is based on a fantasy story contained in the booklet that tells of a strange wind called The Lion's Breath and a young man named Andolin who desires to vanquish it.
 Louder Than Words is Lionel Richie's fourth studio album released on April 16 1996. It also marked the first time he released a studio album of new material in ten years. In 1992 he released just three new tracks on his compilation album Back to Front. Louder Than Words debuted at #33 on the Billboard 200 with a disappointing sales of 28000 copies and only peaked at #28.
 Black Necrotic Obfuscation is the debut EP by the Norwegian electronic/noise/avant-garde metal artist Zweizz.
 Lying to the Moon is the debut album of American country music singer Matraca Berg. It was released in 1990 via RCA Records Nashville. The album accounted for the singles Baby Walk On The Things You Left Undone I Got It Bad and I Must Have Been Crazy. Berg co-wrote all ten of the tracks.
 Mission Earth is an album with words and music written by Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard. The album was produced and arranged by Edgar Winter who also performed on it.L. Ron Hubbard left detailed instructions and audio tapes for the musicians and producers to follow when making this album which was released posthumously for Hubbard. Edgar described Mission Earth as both a return to rock’s primal roots and yet highly experimental.
 Crusade is the fourth studio album by the British Blues-rock band John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers released on September 1 1967 for London Records. It was the follow-up to A Hard Road also released in 1967. As with their two previous albums Crusade was produced by Mike Vernon. The album was the first recordings of a young 18 year old guitarist Mick Taylor.
 Mitch McVicker is the self-titled debut album by contemporary christian music artist Mitch McVicker released in 1999.
 No Place for My Dream is a studio album by Nigerian musician Femi Kuti. It was released in June 2013 under Knitting Factory Records.
 Batman & Robin: Music from and Inspired by the Batman & Robin Motion Picture is the soundtrack album to the motion picture Batman & Robin (1997).
 Sunny Side Up is the second studio album by Scottish singer/songwriter Paolo Nutini released on 29 May 2009 in Ireland and 1 June 2009 in the United Kingdom. Nutini and his band The Vipers toured the United States briefly before a UK tour prior to the album's release. The album debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart. Nutini recorded the album himself with his band The Vipers with Ethan Johns contributing mixing and production.
 El Duro Soy Yo is the second album by Dominican singer Sandy. It was released on July 19 2005.
 Special Herbs Vol. 3 is an album of instrumental works released by MF Doom under the Metal Fingers moniker the third release in his Special Herbs series. Following the pattern set by previous installments of the series each track is named after a herb or similar flora. Owing to differences in record labels and overlaps in track listings this album also makes up the first part of the next installment in the series Special Herbs Vol. 4.
 I agapi mas (Greek: Η αγάπη μας; English: Our love) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. It was released on February 26 1985 by PolyGram Records in Greece and it went gold selling over 50000 units. This album was issued in mono and stereo. The stereo version of this album was released on CD in 1993 with a new cover and two bonus tracks by PolyGram.
 Wild Ones is the fourth studio album by American rapper Flo Rida. It was released on July 3 2012. Wild Ones had four Top 10 singles on the US Billboard Hot 100 when the singles Good Feeling Wild Ones Whistle and I Cry charted at 3 5 1 and 6 respectively.
 Les Roses de Mon Silence (English: The Roses of My Silence) is a 2013 album recorded by French singer-songwriter Grégoire his third.
 Paramount Evil was the fourth studio album by Impiety released on October 18 2004. Pete Helkamp of Angelcorpse contributed vocals on the track Carbonized. Four pressing formats of the album were available; regular jewel case digipak edition with a cover of Sepultura’s Morbid Visions and sticker that was limited to 2000 copies regular vinyl to 500 copies and 100 on picture disc. The album was licensed to Paragon Records for release in North America without the song Morbid Visions.
 O Lado Certo da Vida Certa is the fifth studio album by Brazilian hip-hop group Bonde da Stronda. Production for the album took place following the release of their mixtape Feito pras Damas in early 2013. The album was released on September 30 2013.
 Rarities 1979 - 1981 was the digital release by the Southern Californian punk rock band Cardiac Kidz of the vinyl LP released by Rave-Up records in 2009. This album contains the 14 tracks from the vinyl LP plus unreleased tracks from the 1979 Spirit Night Club show in which the EP Playground showcased 4 tracks in the 1979 release.The CD also contains studio recordings that couldn't fit on the vinyl LP record.
 The Rare Delight of You is a 2002 album by jazz guitarist John Pizzarelli accompanied by pianist George Shearing and his quintet. Interspersed throughout are some established jazz standards as well as a few traditional pop ballads.
 Strychnine.213 is the sixth studio album by Belgian death metal band Aborted. It was released on June 24 2008 through Century Media Records. The sample used in the song A Murmur in Decrepit Wits is Aborted's take on a 1980s interview with Charles Manson.
 Rewind: Deja Screw is the first studio album by American Queensbridge hip hop rapper Blaq Poet since 1991's Without A Warning together with producer DJ Hot Day. Released in early 2006 through Traffic Entertainment the album features a mix of old and new verses by Poet over all new beats hence the title. The three main producers are 45 Scientifik from France DJ Premier and Blaq Poet himself although Easy Mo Bee and Alchemist both contribute a track each.
 Stuck Here on Snakes Way is the third album from Omnium Gatherum released in 2007. It is the band's first release on Candlelight Records.
 Riverdales is the eponymously titled debut studio album by the American punk rock band the Riverdales. It was released on June 7 1995 through Lookout! Records with the catalog LK 120. The album was re-released on October 10 2006 by Asian Man Records with new cover art and 12 bonus tracks including 4 studio songs and live recordings from their tour with Green Day in 1995. It is scheduled for another re-release by Fat Wreck Chords which is due sometime in 2013.
 Sentimental Hygiene is the sixth studio album by rock singer/songwriter Warren Zevon released in 1987. The release of Sentimental Hygiene marked the first studio album for Zevon in five years. It produced the single Reconsider Me as well as the dance single Leave My Monkey Alone.Even a Dog Can Shake Hands was used as the opening theme music for the short-lived Fox comedy series Action. The song was also composed by Peter Buck Bill Berry and Mike Mills three band members of R.E.M.
 Cobra is a double album featuring a live and studio performance of John Zorn's improvisational game piece Cobra recorded in 1985 and 1986 and released on the Hathut label in 1987. Subsequent recordings of the piece were released on Knitting Factory (John Zorn's Cobra: Live at the Knitting Factory (1992)) Avant (John Zorn's Cobra: Tokyo Operations '94 (1994)) and Zorn's own label Tzadik Records (Cobra: John Zorn's Game Pieces Volume 2)) in 2002.
 Everything in Between is the third album released by the American singer-songwriter Matt Wertz.
 The No. 6 Dance is the third album by blues band Five Horse Johnson. The song Mississippi King is featured in the Tony Hawk's Underground soundtrack. It Ain't Easy is a cover of the Three Dog Night song written by Ron Davies.
 The Mixtape EP is a mixtape by American/Finnish/Belgian recording artists Meridian Dawn. It was released on March 25 2014. The mixtape features a guest appearance from Jake E of Amaranthe on the track Dressed In Ice. Thieves was first included on the mixtape and would be released as a lyric video single.
 Missing...Presumed Having a Good Time is a studio album by The Notting Hillbillies released on 6 March 1990 by Vertigo Records internationally and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States.
 The Dark Side is the first album by Finnish band Fireal.
 Avantgarde History is a CD-R compilation album created by Eberhard Kranemann of his work with artists such as Neu! and Joseph Beuys in the late 1960s and early 1970s. It was released privately and is only available on request.
 Endless Harmony Soundtrack is an anthology album of previously unheard material by The Beach Boys originally released by Capitol Records in August 1998. Named for Bruce Johnston's song on the 1980 album Keepin' the Summer Alive it was designed as a tie-in with the band's biographical documentary of the same name. The soundtrack was re-issued in March 2000 with some remixing and different artwork while the original 1998 edition (with the orange/yellow cover) was deleted shortly thereafter.
 Come Into the World is the debut EP by the South Korean boy band Teen Top. It was released in July 9 2010 with the song Clap as a promotional track. The album was re-released on July 11 2013 with additional unseen photos titled as Come into the World: Clap Encore.
 Drinking and Wenching is a compilation album by The Dubliners released in 1976.
 Suck It and See is the fourth studio album by English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys released 6 June 2011 in the UK and 7 June in the US following their 2011 North American tour. The band worked with producer James Ford on this album and promised a more vintage style.On 19 March 2011 in an interview with NME drummer Matt Helders revealed that Suck It and See would feature some songs a bit more instant. A bit more poppy certainly than Humbug was.
 Till Midnight is the fourth studio album by Chuck Ragan which was recorded in 2013 and produced by Christopher Thorn. The album was recorded at the Fireside Sound and Fonogenic Studios in Los Angeles. Guest vocalists include Ben Nichols (of Lucero) Dave Hause (of The Loved Ones) Jenny O. Chad Price and Jon Snodgrass (of Drag the River).
 Surface To Air is the second full length album by space rock duo Zombi. It was released by Relapse Records in late 2006.
 Tommy Sparks is the self-titled debut studio album from the musician Tommy Sparks. It contains 10 tracks written by Tommy Sparks and produced by Mike Crossey. It was released through Island Records on May 11 2009 in the United Kingdom. The album features his singles I'm A Rope and She's Got Me Dancing. The single Miracle was released in August.
 Arv (Heritage) is the second full-length album by the Norwegian Viking / folk metal band Ásmegin. It was released on November 28 2008 through Napalm Records.
 Hopes Wishes and Dreams is the second solo album by Ray Thomas of The Moody Blues in conjunction with Nicky James and the orchestral arrangements of Terry James released under The Moody Blues own Threshold Label as THS17 in June 1976. The album was also available in cassette and cartridge. It was reissued on Compact Disc in September 1989 and as part of a box set in 2010.
 Hits from The Young Ones is an EP by Cliff Richard and The Shadows released in 1962. The EP is a 7-inch vinyl record and released in mono with the catalogue number Columbia SEG 8159. The record was the number-one EP in the UK for 2 weeks starting June 2 1962.
 All Eternals Deck is the 13th studio album by the Mountain Goats released on March 29 2011 by Merge Records. All Eternals Deck refers to a fictional set of Tarot cards the history and details of which are described in the album's liner notes.
 Roadkill is a live album released by the band Manilla Road in 1988 on Black Dragon Records.
 Único is the 13th album of music by Mexican female rock singer Alejandra Guzmán. The album's songs were influenced by British Rock; it was recorded in 2008 in several studios across the United Kingdom. It was released in 2009.
 The Second Gleam (sometimes written The Gleam II) is a 2008 EP by The Avett Brothers. Produced by The Avett Brothers and Doug Williams recorded by Doug Williams at Electromagnetic Radiation Recorders with the exception of The Greatest Sum (Electric) which was recorded at Echo Mountain.
 Multikillionaire: The Devil's Contract is the fourth album by Natas released in 1997. This album is noted as the only album to feature Moebadis as the 4th member of the group.
 Sincerity Is an Easy Disguise in This Business is the third full-length album released by the melodic hardcore band Evergreen Terrace. This is the last album to feature drummer Christopher Brown.
 I Am Chipmunk is the debut album by English grime and R&B MC Chipmunk released on 9 October 2009 by Columbia Records. It has produced four top 25 singles included three consecutive top-ten hits and one chart topper.
 Introducing Eric Kloss is the debut album by saxophonist Eric Kloss which was recorded in 1965 and released on the Prestige label.
 Supper is Smog's tenth album released in March 2003 on Domino Records in Europe and on Drag City in North America under his then-alias (Smog). It was recorded by Jeremy Lemos from August to September 2002 and mastered by Nick Webb at Abbey Road Studios.In 2004 the track Vessel in Vain appeared on the soundtrack of Shane Meadows' acclaimed British thriller Dead Man's Shoes. Also in 2005 the track A Guiding Light appeared on the soundtrack of Winter Passing.
 Fireworks Still Alive is the fifth live album by the German hard rock band Bonfire. It was released in 2011 by LZ Records and Sony Music. All the live performances on the album were recorded at various venues/concerts by Bonfire throughout Europe. The concept was to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the release of the band's studio album Fireworks and the entire album is presented on the live edition.
 Kampungan is Slank's second album. It was released in December 1992. This album contains classic hits such as Mawar Merah and Terlalu Manis.[citation needed]First release version of the cover was printed on an iron-on T-shirt transfer paper.
 Écailles de Lune (English: Moon Scales) is the second studio album by Alcest released on March 29 2010 by Prophecy Productions.
 Winter Songs (in Australia and New Zealand titled Stay) is the sixth studio album released by Irish singer/songwriter and Boyzone frontman Ronan Keating. It was released by Polydor Records on 16 November 2009 in the UK and Ireland debuting at number 16 and 12 in each respective album chart. The first single a cover of Grammy Award-winning American country music duo Sugarland's hit Stay was released digitally on the same day.
 Personality – One Was a Spider One Was a Bird is the second album by Australian band The Sleepy Jackson released in July 2006. The album was recorded at Big Jesus Burger Studios in Sydney and was produced by Scott Horscroft and Luke Steele.
 Moody Standard and Poor is the second album by the New York City-based rock band Obits released March 29 2011 through Sub Pop.
 Ukáž Tú Tvoju ZOO is the eighth album by the Slovak punk rock/comedy rock band Horkýže Slíže released in February 2007.
 Gold! Gold!! Gold!!! is the fifth and final TISM VHS featuring interviews live performances a video clip and TV appearances.
 13 is the second album from New Jersey heavy metal band Solace.Considered heavier angrier and musically more aggressive than its predecessor Further 13 continued to raise Solace above their Stoner rock stereotype with its Heavy metal and Doom metal influences this time with help from genre legend Scott Weinrich (also known as Wino formerly of The Obsessed Saint Vitus Spirit Caravan).
 It's Not Me It's You is the second studio album by English recording artist Lily Allen released on 4 February 2009 by Regal Recordings and Parlophone. The album was conceived in 2008 with Allen noting a shift in musical style moving away from ska and reggae influences from her debut album Alright Still (2006) to an electropop feel with elements of jazz and country.
 There's No Place Like Mars is an album by Steve Lyon.
 Beauty Within: Sinister Beauty Reimagined is a remix album by American dance music production duo Windimoto.
 Seven Souls is a 1989 album by the New York based music group Material.The album was re-released in 1997 with bonus tracks three re-mixes that were added to the beginning of the album. In 1998 a new title The Road to the Western Lands was issued composed of new mixes of the tracks.Equation / Ineffect was released as a single in 1989 (Virgin America PR 3380).
 Towncraft was a compilation LP documenting the punk scene of Little Rock Arkansas and released by DIY record labels File Thirteen Records Ahoalton Records and Lower Case Records. In the summer of 1992 Little Rock saw an explosion of high school punk rock bands after the departures of locals Trusty in 1991 and Econochrist in 1989. A number of youth felt it necessary to document the scene.
 Die! is the sixth album by rapper Necro. Die! was initially alluded to on Necro's MySpace profile as a brand new solo album coming September 2009; however on August 13 the page's header was updated with an announcement of the album's title and its release date which was pushed to May 2010. Die! was Necro's first album effort since 2007's Death Rap and was released by Psycho+Logical-Records.
 Muzyka Klasyczna is the first collaborative album by Polish rapper Pezet a member of Płomień 81; and Polish producer Noon a member of Grammatik.
 Threads of Life is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Shadows Fall. Released on April 3 2007 in the U.S. through Atlantic Records the album debuted at number 46 on the Billboard 200. The first single Redemption made its premiere on Sirius Radio's Hard Attack station on February 16 2007 and was released on iTunes on February 20. The song Redemption received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Metal Performance at the 50th Grammy Awards.
 Fire It Up is a 1997 Blues album by Tinsley Ellis. It was recorded and mixed at Southern Tracks Atlanta Georgia by Caram Costanzo with Ryan Williams as assistant engineer mastered by Jason Rau and produced by Tom Dowd. Tinsley wrote or co-wrote five of the songs.
 Time After Time is the twenty-first studio album by Etta James released in 1995. The album reached a peak position of number five on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart.
 In Our Nature is the thirteenth studio album released by Canadian country rock band Blue Rodeo released on October 29 2013.
 Sandy is the second solo album by Sandy Denny and is generally considered to be her best. The album was released in 1972 and begun just a fortnight after her UK tour promoting her debut solo album The North Star Grassman and the Ravens ended in early November 1971.
 The Smaller the Grape the Sweeter the Wine is the sixth and final album by folk rock band Tiny Lights released February 18 1997 through Bar/None Records.
 Skała (English: Rock) is a studio album by Polish singer Kayah released in 2009.
 Freedom at Point Zero is a 1979 album by Jefferson Starship. It was the first album for new lead singer Mickey Thomas and the first after both Marty Balin and Grace Slick left the prior year. Grace rejoined the band for their next album Modern Times in 1981.
 Quiéreme Tal Como Soy (Eng.: Love Me As I Am) is the eighteenth studio album by singer Lucero. It was released in September 2006. The album contains reworked versions of some of the her greatest hits written by Rafael Pérez Botija and covers of music by Rocío Dúrcal Mocedades and José José (also written by Pérez-Botija). On 29 November 2006 the album was certified in Mexico as gold album after selling 100000 copies only in Mexico.
 Change We Must is the seventh solo album by Yes lead singer Jon Anderson released in 1994. The album contains new material and orchestral arrangements of songs from Anderson's past.
 Try Anything Once is the first solo album created by Alan Parsons following the split of The Alan Parsons Project.This album features vocals by Ambrosia's David Pack Duran Duran backing singer Jacqui Copland Former Mindbender and 10cc guitarist Eric Stewart and Manfred Mann's Earth Band frontman Chris Thompson.The album takes a different turn from the previously ethereal Project albums and seems to continue the directional development that started with Stereotomy and Gaudi combining rock elements (Back Against The Wall & Breakaway) and mood-oriented beats (Turn It Up & I'm Talking To You) while still retaining certain elements of the classic Project albums that are unique (Mr Time Wine From The Water the instrumentals).
 Songs in A Minor is the debut studio album by American recording artist Alicia Keys. It was released in the United States on June 5 2001 by J Records. After graduating from high school Keys signed with Columbia Records to begin her music career. She recorded an album in 1998 under the label which they rejected. Her contract subsequently ended with Columbia after a dispute with the label and Keys later signed with Clive Davis.
 Tony Sings the Great Hits of Today! is a 1970 album by American classic pop and jazz singer Tony Bennett. Done under pressure from his record company for more marketable material it featured misguided attempts at Beatles and other current songs and a psychedelic art cover. Both critics and Bennett himself has viewed the album as a career-low.
 Live In Toronto is a live album by Psychic TV.
 Cheers 2 U is the debut studio album from American R&B group Playa released March 24 1998 on Def Jam Recordings subsidiary Def Soul. The album was originally going to be named eponymously and release was planned for October 1997. Later Static named the album Cheers 2 U after one of their songs. It was primarily produced by Smokey and Timbaland.The album peaked at number eighty-six on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Paris is Burning is a 2006 EP release by American musician St. Vincent.
 Smashing the Serene is Rachael Sage's second album released in 1998.
 1000 Fires is a studio album by singer and actress Traci Lords released on February 28 1995 through Radioactive Records. Produced by Juno Reactor it remains her only music release to date. Two singles charted from the album: Control reached #2 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart in 1995 followed by Fallen Angel at #11.
 Cool Night is the seventh and final studio album by singer/songwriter Paul Davis. It was his highest-charting album in the United States reaching #52 on the Billboard album chart and yielded three top-40 singles Cool Night '65 Love Affair and Love or Let Me Be Lonely. The third was a remake of a song by The Friends of Distinction.
 Some Loud Thunder is the second album by Clap Your Hands Say Yeah an indie rock band from Brooklyn. It was released on January 29 2007 in the UK and January 30 in the USA but people who pre-ordered the album were able to legally download it from Insound starting January 16 2007. The album was produced by Dave Fridmann known for his work with Mercury Rev and The Flaming Lips.The album debuted at #47 on the Billboard 200 album chart with 19000 copies sold.
 Inevitable Alien Nation is the second album by Keoki released in 1998.
 That They May Know You is an EP by Haste the Day. The name was taken from the Bible. Now this is eternal life that they may know You the only true God and Jesus Christ whom You have sent (John 17:3). The band self-produced this album in 2002 prior to being signed to Solid State Records. Haste the Day tracked the EP in the summer of 2002 with Tim Bushong in Syracuse IN. He previously worked with Anah Aevia Bestiary and Bloodlined Calligraphy among others.
 True at Heart is the third solo album of the German female hard rock singer Doro Pesch. It was recorded in Nashville Tennessee and released in August 1991.The third studio album of the former Warlock singer Doro Pesch is another exploration in new musical territory.
 You By Me: Vol. 1 is a split album featuring Toh Kay (Tomas Kalnoky of Streetlight Manifesto) and Dan P. (Dan Potthast of MU330). It was released on November 16 2010 through Kalnoky's Pentimento Music Company.The album features Kalnoky covering five songs written by Potthast (four being covers of Potthast's solo work and one originally by MU330) and Potthast covering five Streetlight Manifesto songs all written by Kalnoky.
 Dixanadu is an album released by Moi dix Mois on March 28 2007. It contains re-recordings of Tentation (Last Temptation) and Pessimiste (Neo Pessimist) originally from the album Dix Infernal.
 Kirk in Copenhagen is a live album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Roland Kirk recorded in October 1963 at the Club Monmartre in Copenhagen Denmark. It was originally released on the Mercury label in 1963 and features performances by Kirk with Tete Montoliu Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen Don Moore and J.C. Moses and a guest appearance by Sonny Boy Williamson.
 Out of the Cellar is the debut studio album by heavy metal band Ratt. Released in 1984 it is currently certified as triple platinum by the RIAA.
 Raw Like Sushi is a live album released by the American hard rock band Mr. Big. It was released in 1990.
 Glory Bumps is the 11th full-length album by the long-standing rock band Shriekback.
 Nice. is an album by Japanese pop group PUFFY released in 2003 it is their third North American album. The US release featured a few track changes: Atarashii hibi and Tomodachi were replaced with Urei Teen Titans Theme and Planet Tokyo an English song with the melody of Akai buranko. The album peaked at No.
 What We Do is a studio album by jazz group The John Scofield Quartet.
 Life in One Chord is an EP released in 1987 by New Zealand band Straitjacket Fits. It was the band's debut release. All of the tracks from the EP were later released as part of an extended version of their first full album Hail in 1989. All of the songs on the EP are credited to Shayne Carter/Straitjacket Fits except for Sparkle That Shines (Andrew Brough/Straitjacket Fits). Sparkle That Shines was released as a single in 1989.
 Eternal Youth is the second album by Future Bible Heroes. It was sung entirely by Claudia Gonson.
 Klopfzeichen is the first full-length album by German experimental music trio Kluster.Klopfzeichen was recorded on December 21 1969 at Rhenus-Studio Gordorf Germany. Liner notes on the CD reissue on the Hypnotic label as well as some websites place the recording date precisely one year later in 1970. This is incorrect as it would place the recording after the initial release date.
 Copeland Special is an album released by Johnny Copeland in 1981 on Rounder Records in the United States Demon Records in the United Kingdom and Black and Blue Records in France.
 2U is a two-time Juno nominated album and the second Canadian-released album from singer-songwriter Keshia Chanté which was also slated to be released in 2006 through a new venture between Sony Urban/Epic Records and SonyBMG Canada. This was slated to be Chanté's first worldwide release. The video for Keshia Chanté's first single Been Gone was filmed in August 2006 by director by Little X and was released in Canada on September 13.
 The Sad Machina is an album released by Mechanical Moth in 2007.
 Cold on the Shoulder is Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot's 11th original album released in 1975 on the Reprise Records label.
 Supernatural Fairy Tales: The Progressive Rock Era is a 5-CD compilation of progressive rock from around the world. It was curated by Archie Patterson of Eurock and released by Rhino Records in 1996. The cover art is by Roger Dean longtime cover artist for the genre.Reviews of the set generally note the difficulty of summarizing such a broad and far-reaching genre as well as the obvious omission of several big-name bands whose music could not be licensed for inclusion.
 Join Inn is an experimental rock album in the Krautrock genre by Ash Ra Tempel. It was recorded at Studio Dierks by Dieter Dierks during breaks in the sessions for the Walter Wegmüller album Tarot album. It was originally released on LP by Ohr in Berlin catalogue number OMM 556032. Each side of the LP comprises one long track.Join Inn marks the end of the collaboration with Klaus Schulze.
 This World Fair is the self-titled album for the alternative-rock band This World Fair. It was originally set to be released August 14 2007 but faced an eighteen month delay due to the closing of the Rethink imprint label of EMI. It was produced by Al Clay at Sonic Ranch studios in the winter of 2007. A three song sampler of this album was released on iTunes on April 16 2007. The full-length album was released on iTunes and Amazon MP3 on December 16 2008.
 The Goddess of Doom is an EP by Finnish doom metal band Reverend Bizarre.
 Brain Eraser is the debut album of Bewitched released in 1990 through No.6 Records.
 Tales of Us is the sixth studio album by English electronic music duo Goldfrapp released on 6 September 2013 by Mute Records. In June 2013 the duo embarked on the Tales of Us Tour to promote the album.
 Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron is a soundtrack album by Bryan Adams and Hans Zimmer to the animated feature of the same name. The album was released on May 4 2002 (see 2002 in music) and includes the European hit Here I Am.Both the English and French versions of the album have Bryan Adams as the singer.
 Doctor Who: Original Television Soundtrack – Series 4: The Specials is a 2-Disc release from Silva Screen Records featuring music from the 2008-2010 specials of Doctor Who. It was released on 4 October 2010 in the United Kingdom. When purchased from the iTunes Store it also includes a digital booklet and two bonus tracks.
 Best of Bachman–Turner Overdrive Live is an album of concert material from a 1985 Bachman–Turner Overdrive performance in Tallahassee Florida. The album was released on Curb Records in 1994. The album is notable for being one of three albums (two live one studio) released featuring a short-lived reunion line up of the band featuring founding members Randy Bachman Tim Bachman and C. F. Fred Turner who had not played together since Tim's departure after the second BTO album.
 The Heart Ache EP is the first release by Jesu. Justin K. Broadrick wrote both tracks played all of the instruments as well as mixed and produced the EP. It was originally released August 30 2004 by Dry Run Records; Avalanche Recordings released a 12 vinyl version in January 2008 also. The vinyl version is limited to 1500 copies.Hydra Head was scheduled to re-release the CD edition in September 2009 but it was later re-scheduled to be released on November 16 2010.
 Laughter Through Tears is the second album released by London England based experimental band Oi Va Voi. Some of the tracks on the album were originally on the band's debut Digital Folklore one example is the Hungarian folk song A Csitári whose vocals were performed by a male singer in the older album and by Judit Németh in Laughter Through Tears. The album includes a remix of 7 Brothers as a hidden track it is found after the 3 minutes and 7 seconds of silence after Pagamenska.
 The Firm is an album by American pianist Dave Grusin released in 1993 recorded for the GRP label. This album is a soundtrack to the Motion Picture The Firm directed by Sidney Pollack. It reached #131 on Billboard's Contemporary Jazz chart. This soundtrack was a 1993 Academy Award nominee for Best Original Score.
 Los Fantasmas is the debut album by Menudo released in 1977. It features the original members: brothers Nefty and Fernando Sallaberry and brothers Carlos Óscar and Ricky Meléndez.
 Come with Us/Japan Only EP is the Japanese EP from The Chemical Brothers 2002 album Come with Us. This album is very similar to AmericanEP except that it has 2 different songs and different videos.
 The Source Presents: Hip Hop Hits Volume 9 is the ninth annual music compilation album to be contributed by The Source magazine. Released December 7 2004 and distributed by Image Entertainment Hip Hop Hits Volume 9 features sixteen hip hop and rap hits (one of them being the bonus track). It went to number 36 on the Top R&B/Hip Hop Albums chart and number 75 on the Billboard 200 album chart.
 Disney Channel Hits: Take 1 is the first complete collection of hit songs and videos from the Disney Channel. CD includes songs from Disney's hit TV Shows Lizzie McGuire That's So Raven Even Stevens Kim Possible and The Proud Family plus six never-before released tracks.
 The Force is the eleventh studio by the funk band Kool and the Gang released in 1977. It failed to generate any major impact and is now recognized as one of two albums between the group's two periods of success. It was after the first string of hits in the mid and early 1970s and before the group hit it big in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
 Miles Away is a jazz and fusion music album by Oxnard based hip hop producer Madlib's Jazz virtual band The Last Electro-Acoustic Space Jazz & Percussion Ensemble. It's a group of fictional members all created by Madlib. It was released early in 2010 on Stones Throw Records in vinyl and CD format.
 Yeezus is the sixth studio album by American hip hop recording artist and producer Kanye West. It was released on June 18 2013 by Roc-A-Fella Records and Def Jam Recordings. The album began production in the living room of a loft space at a Paris hotel. During the process West gathered various artists and close collaborators for production on the album including Mike Dean Daft Punk 88-Keys No ID and Symbolyc One.
 1936 The Spanish Revolution is an album of songs and archival photographs related to the Spanish Civil War recorded and assembled by Dutch anarchist punk band The Ex. The band released it in 1986 the 50th anniversary of the Spanish Revolution on their own label as a square 7 (17.5cm) soft-cover book with two 45 rpm records. A 5 (12.5cm) hardcover edition was republished by AK press in 1997 replacing the records with a pair of 3 CDs.
 Metamorphosis is the fourth studio album by Filipina singer-songwriter Yeng Constantino released in the Philippines on January 28 2013 by Star Records.
 iTunes Live: London Festival '08 is a 2008 live EP from English alternative rock band InMe. It was recorded on 29 July 2008 at the Koko Club London and released on 16 August 2008. The EP however is no longer available on iTunes.
 FabricLive.17 was the second DJ mix album mixed by Aim. It forms part of the FabricLive Mix Series by different DJs recorded for Fabric a nightclub and record label in London UK. The album was released in August 2004 on the Fabric (London) label.
 Reclamation Process is an album by The Rise
 Zapp VI: Back by Popular Demand is the sixth studio download-album by Ohio P-Funk band Zapp.
 Journey of Souls is the second album by Norwegian symphonic power metal band Keldian and was released worldwide in May 2008 by American label Perris Records. It was produced engineered and mixed by Arild Aardalen and mastered by Mika Jussila at Finnvox Studios.The album continues the band's science-fiction inspired lyrical themes and the melding of 80s era melodic rock with modern power and symphonic metal.
 Selma 2010 is the seventh studio album by Bosnian singer Selma Bajrami. It was released in 2010.The song Farmerice (Jeans) was released as a single in the summer of 2009 and the music video was released 24 December 2009.The music video for the song Što je od Boga dobro je (What's from God Is Good) was released in 2010. The music videos for the songs Voli me do bola (Love Me Until it Hurts) and Bakšiš (Tips) were both released in 2011.
 Sentimiento Elegancia & Maldad (S.E.M.) (English: Sentiment Elegance & Malice) is the upcoming second studio album by Dominican - American recording artist Arcángel. It is set to be released in November 19 2013 by Pina Records. The first single from the album Hace Mucho Tiempo was released in June 21 of 2013.
 Kabaddi (ಕಬಡ್ಡಿ) is a 2009 Kannada film directed by Narendra Babu. Produced by G K Ravi K Raju G Kishor Kumar Anup Gowda N Asha and D V Rajendra Prasad under the banner of Khandaya haagu Vistara and has music by Hamsalekha. The film stars Praveen and Priyanka in the lead roles.
 Walking Among the Living is the fourth studio album released by American country music singer Jon Randall. It is his third major-label album and his first album since Willin' in 1999. This album includes the song Whiskey Lullaby which was also recorded by Brad Paisley as a duet with Alison Krauss on Paisley's 2003 album Mud on the Tires. Paisley's version was a Top 5 country hit in mid-2004.
 Yellow Fields is an album by German double bassist and composer Eberhard Weber recorded in 1975 and released on the ECM label.
 Never Mind the Bombings Here's Your Six Figures is the second release from American screamo band United Nations. The four-song EP was released on June 23 2010 through Deathwish Inc. on both 7 vinyl and digital download versions.
 Tales from the Brothers Gibb: A History in Song is a box set compilation released by The Bee Gees in 1990. Originally released on four cassettes and four compact discs Tales is a summary of the Bee Gees output from their third album 1967's Bee Gees 1st to the group's most recent album (at the time) 1989's One.Considering the peculiar nature of the Gibbs' catalogue the compilers neatly arranged each disc/cassette to represent the Bee Gees at different periods of their career called Chapters.
 Picture Imperfect is the debut album by Canadian singer and songwriter Shiloh released on Universal Music Canada. It was released on August 18 2009 in Canada. Picture Imperfect debuted on the Canadian Albums Chart at No. 10.
 Ha is the second release by the tabla artist and music producer Talvin Singh. With yet another near-universally understood title the album mellows down the crossbred musical concepts of his previous album and draws more inspiration from the Indian sub-continent.
 Customs is the fourth studio album by the American post-punk band Savage Republic released in 1989 on Fundamental Records. It was reissued on Mobilization Records in 2002.
 Alteration is the debut album by Australian/Indonesian band Altera Enigma recorded over 2 years and released on January 2006. The emotional and sophisticated style found on the album drew comparisons to Liquid Tension Experiment Gordian Knot and Cynic.A music video was released for the bonus/outtake track Perpetual Motion.
 Showbiz is the fourth studio album released by the Leeds-based indie rock band Cud in 1994. All tracks were written by vocalist Carl Puttnam and guitarist Mike Dunphy and it was produced and engineered by Al Clay who had previously worked with Frank Black The Boo Radleys and Del Amitri.Showbiz reached number 46 in the UK album chart in April 1994.
 Blood of Emeralds: The Very Best Of Part 2 is a compilation album by Gary Moore. Released in 1999 the album encompasses a part of Moore's immense career from 1974 to 1998.
 The Fabulous Sounds of the Pacific Northwest is the debut album by rock band the Young Fresh Fellows. It was released on PopLlama in 1984.The album was later re-released on compact disc as a two-for-one with their second album Topsy Turvy.
 Songs for Insects is the debut album for American progressive metal band Thought Industry. It was released in 1992 through Metal Blade Records and features cover art by Spanish surrealist Salvador Dalí.
 Follow Me is the third album by Bearfoot released in 2006. The album was the first the group released under their new name of Bearfoot while their first two albums were released under the name of Bearfoot Bluegrass. According to Bearfoot's mandolin player Jason Norris they shortened their name to reflect the band's present sound. We'd never had a banjo in the band and it was hard to call ourselves a traditional bluegrass band..
 Miles Davis at Carnegie Hall is a live album by American jazz musician Miles Davis recorded on May 19 1961 at Carnegie Hall and released by Columbia Records as CL 1812 and CS 8612 in re-channeled stereo sound.
 Everything That Happens Will Happen Today is the second album made in collaboration between David Byrne and Brian Eno released on August 18 2008 by Todo Mundo. The album explores themes of humanity versus technology and optimism in spite of bleak circumstance through the blending of electronic and Gospel music.
 The Least Worst of the Suicide Machines is a compilation album by the Detroit Michigan punk rock band The Suicide Machines released in 2002 by Hollywood Records. It collects tracks from all of the band's albums on the Hollywood label: Destruction by Definition (1996) Battle Hymns (1998) The Suicide Machines (2000) and Steal This Record (2001). It also includes several previously unreleased bonus tracks.
 Greatest Hits Volume II is the second greatest hits album by the American rock band Chicago and its fifteenth album overall released in 1981.Following 1980's Chicago XIV Columbia Records dropped Chicago from its roster and cancelled a lucrative contract that had recently been signed. While the band had begun its association with David Foster and was in the process of building a new identity Columbia had contractual obligations for a new release.
 Casino is an EP by Romanian hard rock group Iris.
 Titan's Awakening is the first album by the brutal death metal band Kronos released in 2001. This first edition of this album was produced by the band itself and new edition of Titan's Awakening is released at the end of October the same year with a new cover designed by Deather (Angel Corpse Gurkkhas Vital Remains...) as well as a new graphical booklet.
 Us is the sixth studio album (and ninth album overall) by British rock musician Peter Gabriel originally released in 1992. It was remastered with most of Gabriel's catalogue in 2002. Singles taken from the album included Digging in the Dirt Steam Blood of Eden (an early version of the track was previously featured in the 1991 Wim Wenders film Until the End of the World) and Kiss That Frog.
 Mexican Teenagers is an EP by American Guitarist Kaki King released in 2009.
 London Daze is the sixth album of Spiders & Snakes released in 2000. It Contains 3 demo tracks from Lizzie Grey's previous band London recorded in 1980.
 The Definitive Collection is the latest of many greatest hits albums by the funk/R&B group Cameo. It emphasizes the band's hits from the 1980s similar to the European release Classic Cameo. A more comprehensive collection can be found in the 2005 release Gold.
 Just the Two of Us... Me and Them is the debut album of the Brazilian Progressive metal group Mindflow and was released in 2004 in over 60 countries. It immediately received a massive response especially in Brazil and is still today the record company's best selling album.Just the Two of Us..
 Full Petal Jacket is the seventh album released by surf music band The Surfin' Lungs released in 2010 on the Spanish label Wild Punk Records and features a rare lead vocal by bassist Steve Dean who wrote After All This Time about his wife. All 14 tracks are self-penned and they continue in the surf sun and girls vein which the Lungs have become renowned for. Without the hard punkier edge of Surf Drags Full Petal Jacket is a prime example of how to execute surf pop.
 Barton Hollow is the first full-length studio album from The Civil Wars.Produced by Charlie Peacock it was released on February 1 2011 and became the No. 1 downloaded album on iTunes that same week. It also charted at No. 1 on the Billboard Digital Albums chart No. 10 on the Billboard 200 No. 1 on the Billboard Folk Albums chart and No. 2 on the Billboard Rock Albums chart selling 25000 copies in its first week.
 Undressed Momento is the first full-length album by Italian alternative rock band Klimt 1918. It was released in 2003 on My Kingdom Music.It features a more experimental sound than their previous effort Secession Makes Post-Modern Music although still firmly rooted in gothic rock and metal.
 Olive You (aka: Olive You:Music to Feed Your Heart & Soul) is the fifth solo studio album released by Italian-born Canadian tenor Micheal Castaldo. It was released on January 31 2012. The album includes the re-mastered version of some of Castaldo's big hits including Pray'r .
 Pilgrims on the Heart Road is an album by Peter Ostroushko released in 1997. It is the second of the three albums Ostroushko calls his heartland trilogy — Heart of the Heartland Pilgrims on the Heart Road and Sacred Heart.Guests include Prudence Johnson Butch Thompson and Bobby McFerrin.
 The Great Lake is the debut EP by Chalk Circle released in 1986. The original release of the EP only featured six tracks.
 Äntligen – Marie Fredrikssons bästa 1984–2000 (Finally – Marie Fredriksson's best) is the first greatest hits album by Swedish pop singer and songwriter Marie Fredriksson. Compiled by Marie herself from some personal favourite songs and from solo singles that were released between 1984 and 1997.
 The Last DJ is the eleventh studio album by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.
 The Chrono Show is a live album by Richard Thompson.
 Un Tributo (a José José) (English A tribute to José José) is a 1998 tribute album to José José.Paying homage to José José for his influence on Latin pop music the album was recorded by several popular Latin artists of different musical genres such as Molotov Cafe Tacuba Julieta Venegas Moenia Beto Cuevas and Aleks Syntek.The main hits of the album were: Lo que no fue no será by El Gran Silencio Una mañana by Cafe Tacuba Lo pasado pasado by Maldita Vecindad Gavilán o paloma by La Lupita and Volcán by Moenia (the last two released video clip aired on MTV). 
 Power Of Three is a jazz album by Michel Petrucciani recorded live at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1986. It features Petrucciani playing several duets with guitarist Jim Hall as well as three performances with Wayne Shorter joining the pair.
 Live in a Dive is a recording of live material from the New York hardcore punk band Sick of It All. It is part of a Fat Wreck Chords series of Live in a Dive albums this one being released in August 2002.
 Blanket on the Ground is an album by country singer Billie Jo Spears released in 1974 on the United Artists label. It reached #4 in the US country charts with the title track reaching #1 on the Billboard country chart and #78 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Alone in a Crowd is an album by Catch 22 and the first release featuring the band's second lineup (featuring Jeff Davidson as lead vocalist replacing Tomas Kalnoky). The album features a song trilogy What Goes Around Comes Around Bloomfield Avenue and Neverending Story which follows two young lovers who commit multiple acts of homicide on a cross-country spree before finally succumbing to their own personal demons.
 Revolution is the debut album by Hypnogaja. Released in 1999 by Drama Music via PARAS Group (and distributed by Ryko Distribution Partners via Universal) it is out of print and has not been released digitally.
 The Whippoorwill is the third studio album by American country rock band Blackberry Smoke. It was released on August 14 2012 through Southern Ground Records in the North America and on February 17 2014 through Earache Records in Europe. The latter contained three additional live tracks; Country Side of Life Pretty Little Lie and Six Ways to Sunday.
 Bang Bang Bang is the eleventh studio album of German band Bad Boys Blue. It was released on June 20 1996 by Intercord. The record includes two singles: Hold You in My Arms and Anywhere.
 Mayonnaise is the debut album of the Filipino alternative rock band Mayonnaise. The album was released in November 2004 under VAMP records an independent music label. It was manufactured and distributed nationwide in the Philippines by Sony Music.Tracks of the album were all recorded at Wombworks Studios owned by ace Razorback bassist Louie Talan. All songs were produced by Rommel Sanchez accompanied by Kevin Roy (of Razorback) for vocal supervision.
 Show Your Colors is the fourth studio album by Finnish metal band Amoral.
 Homely is an album by Japanese rock band Ogre You Asshole released on August 24 2011. through major label VAP. It was the first album following the departure of former bassist Norihito Hiraide and marked a shift in the groups sound from fast paced indie rock to a slower more progressive jazz sound featuring a wider range of instruments.
 Westworld is the only studio album by English post-punk band Theatre of Hate. It was released in February 1982 prior to the band's dissolution in 1983 through record label Burning Rome. It was produced by Mick Jones of The Clash.
 Waiting for Goddard is the title of the only album released by Steve Goddard. Backed by some of the top musicians in the Christian music business of the era Goddard's strong melodies and provocative lyrics were a big hit. Nevertheless his comments about the attitude displayed by members of the Church of England were controversial. Goddard chose to limit his musical activities and concentrate on other activities.
 Greatest Hits is a 1998 Aretha Franklin compilation. It is currently the only single compilation that covers a wide span of Franklin's career from her Atlantic days to her last big hit 1998's A Rose Is Still a Rose.
 Singing Priests of Tagbilaran is the debut album of the Singing Priests of Tagbilaran which contains a repertoire of religious and popular songs in English Tagalog and Cebuano. This album also highlights the works of Father Arnold Zamora the group's musical arranger and accompanist. This compilation of songs portrays the universal message of love and peace. The blending of their voices characterizes human emotions of joy hope sorrow and understanding.
 Voices is an album by Mike Stern released in 2001 through Atlantic Records. The album reached a peak position of number twenty-three on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart.
 Placebo is the eponymous debut studio album by alternative rock band Placebo released on July 16th 1996 through Hut Records. It is the only album recorded with drummer Robert Schultzberg before his departure from the group.The album was a commercial success in the UK reaching number 5 in UK Albums Chart. Placebo has been critically well received with Q magazine readers voting it at number 87 in its All Time Top 100 Albums list.
 The Vault - Vol. 1 is a 2007 compilation album by the American alternative rock band Tabitha's Secret. It is the first of three volumes the others being The Vault - Vol. 2 and The Vault - Vol. 3: The Covers. Rob Thomas has expressed anger at Jay Stanley as he perceives that Stanley is making a living out of Thomas's past with these compilation albums.[citation needed]
 Album Title Goes Here (stylized as > album title goes here <) is the sixth studio album by Canadian house producer deadmau5 (his fourth mainstream album). It was released on September 21 2012 by Ultra Records.The album is more experimental than deadmau5's previous mainstream albums and he has stated in an interview with Fuse that he has considered producing music similar to his 2005 album Get Scraped again.
 Ask Me Tomorrow is the first album by Mojave 3 released on 16 October 1995.
 Keď sa raz oči dohodnú is the eight studio album by the Modus band released on OPUS Records in 1988.
 Land That I Love is an album by bluegrass and country rock artist Charlie Daniels. It is a compilation of Daniels' former patriotic work including two new songs Iraq Blues and (What This World Needs is) A Few More Rednecks 2010. Charlie Daniels felt that it was the perfect time for a compilation of patriotic music. This album was released on August 8 2010.
 The Rainy Season is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Marc Cohn released in 1993.The album peaked at #63 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Startin' with Me is the debut album of country music artist Jake Owen released in July 2006 (see 2006 in country music) on RCA Records Nashville. Singles released from the album include Yee Haw the title track and Something About a Woman all of which have charted on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.
 Jumpin' Punkins is an album by Cecil Taylor recorded for the Candid label in January 1961 but not issued in the States until 1987. The first release was in Japan by CBS/Sony in 1974. The album features performances by Taylor with Archie Shepp Buell Neidlinger and Denis Charles with Billy Higgins Clark Terry Roswell Rudd Steve Lacy and Charles Davis added on one track. Additional recordings from these sessions were released on New York City R&B in 1971 and Cell Walk for Celeste in 1988.
 Live is a live album from hardcore punk & reggae pioneers Bad Brains. It was recorded in early 1988 and features a complete set of blistering punk rock as well as a few funk selections from their most recent album at the time the influential I Against I. One reggae track is featured – an extended version of I & I Survive.Day Tripper a Beatles cover appears on some editions.
 Fire of Unknown Origin is the eighth album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult released in 1981. It was produced by Martin Birch.The album which included the Top 40 hit Burnin' for You (#1 on Billboard's Album Rock Tracks chart) represented a resurgence of the group's commercial standing after two albums with disappointing sales.
 Let Yourself Go is the first 12 extended play by 808 State released in 1988. The cover depicts a Matryoshka doll in the shape of a bear.
 Stacie Orrico is the second studio album and self-titled album by American singer and songwriter Stacie Orrico which was released on March 25 2003 by ForeFront Records and Virgin Records. The album had mixed more of Orrico's native music of Contemporary Christian Music to more pop and R&B styles but also featured teen pop and dance music incorporating in it.
 Loud is an album by the rock group Half Japanese first released on the Armageddon label in 1981.The album was the band's first release since the line up was expanded with four new members (two saxophone players a guitarist and a drummer) and contains elements of free jazz. The album includes a cover version of The Doors' The Spy.It was reissued on compact disc in 2004 on Drag City together with the Horrible EP as Loud and Horrible.
 The Very Best of Prince is a greatest hits album by American recording artist Prince. It was released on July 31 2001 by Warner Bros. Records. The album contains most of his commercially successful singles in their radio edits from 1979–1991 including the US #1's When Doves Cry Let's Go Crazy Kiss and Cream.The Very Best of Prince does not include the US #1 hit Batdance most likely due to the licensing of the character Batman.
 Vên is the demo by the Swiss folk metal band Eluveitie. It was first released on October 18 2003 as a self-financed project. In August 2004 its remastered version was released under contract with Fear Dark Records. Another re-release came out for spring 2008 through Twilight Records.
 Songs from the Shipyards the seventh album by English folk group The Unthanks was released on 5 November 2012. The album is designated Vol. 3 in The Unthanks' Diversions series and follows on from Vol. 1 (The Songs of Robert Wyatt and Antony & The Johnsons) released in November 2011 and Vol.
 Ogledalce (English translation: Mirror) is the first studio album by Serbian pop singer Jelena Karleuša. It was released in 1995.
 Totem is a 2007 album recorded by French pop singer Zazie. It was her sixth studio album and her ninth album overall. It was released first digitally on 5 February 2007 then as a CD one week later. The album achieved success in francophone countries.
 Pray Along with Little Richard Volume 2 was the second gospel album by Little Richard and his fifth album overall discounting compilations.
 Busting Through the Van Allan Belt is the seventh album by Helios Creed released on April 15 1994 through Cleopatra Records.
 Odyssey is the fifth album by Norwegian jazz guitarist Terje Rypdal recorded in 1975 and released on the ECM label.
 The Ballads ~Love & B'z~ is the fifth compilation album by Jthe apanese rock duo B'z. Like its predecessors it reached 1st at Oricon with more than 1.7 million copies sold.
 Slaves' Graves & Ballads is the third album by American experimental rock band Dirty Projectors. It is a combination of two EPs released in 2004 titled Slaves' Graves and Ballads hence the name of the LP combination of the two. The two EPs have drastically different sounds: the first features frontman and guitarist Dave Longstreth accompanied by a chamber orchestra called The Orchestral Society for the Preservation of the Orchestra; the second features Dave and his guitar.
 Kany Garcia is the third studio album of Latin Grammy winner singer-songwriter Kany García. The album will be release on July 31 2012 and produced by Kany García Julio Reyes Copello and Paul Forat Sony BMG. The album's first single Que Te Vaya Mal was nominated for Record of the Year at the 2012 Latin Grammy Awards. The album was nominated for Best Latin Pop Album at the 2013 Grammy Awards.
 Come a Little Closer is the twelfth studio album by Etta James released in 1974 on the Chess label. The album reached a peak position of number 47 on Billboard's R&B Albums chart.
 Restless on the Farm is the seventh solo album by dobro player Jerry Douglas released in 1998 (see 1998 in music).Guest musicians include Maura O'Connell Steve Earle Béla Fleck Sam Bush and Tim O'Brien.
 Do the Best is a greatest hits album by the musical group Do As Infinity released in 2002. In 2004 a combined compilation Do the Best + DVD was released. Some of the tracks in the album have minor changes such as Oasis having an actual definite ending unlike the original single where it previously had faded out instead. Nice & Easy was a brand new song that was included it was also used as the theme song for a Lavenus commercial song featuring lead singer and musician Tomiko Van.
 Let Me Explain Something to You About Art is the third album by composer and producer Kramer released on January 20 1998 through Tzadik Records.
 Say No More is country music singer Clay Walker's sixth album. It was released March 27 2001 on Giant Records. The album reached #129 on the Billboard album charts. The album's two singles were its title track and If You Ever Feel Like Loving Me Again both of which were minor Top 40 hits on the Hot Country Songs charts. In addition to these singles the album features a cover of Ritchie Valens' La Bamba.
 Søvnløs is the fourth studio album by Norwegian Hard rock band Skambankt. It was recorded in February 2010 at Athletic Sound in Halden and mixed by Jørgen Træen in Bergen. The working title Åndelig terror (Spiritual Terror) stemmed from a quote by a senior citizen when she was presented with a sample of Skambankt's music.
 A Family Affair is the first solo album by Swedish pop-rock singer-songwriter Mikael Bolyos born in 1957 in Stockholm.The album was issued on CD in 2007. It features the vocals of Bolyos' wife Marie Fredriksson (part of the duo Roxette) and of Mats Ronander.
 P.O.Y.B.L (Piss On Your Black List) is the debut mixtape by American recording artist Melody Thornton.
 Live from Bonnaroo 2007 is a recorded live set from progressive rock band Rx Bandits. The set was recorded live at the 2007 Bonnaroo Music Festival in Manchester Tennessee. The album is currently available for download exclusively through the iTunes Store.
 Bliss is Norwegian singer Tone Damli's first studio album. The album was released on 5 December 2005 and was produced by Geir Sundstøl. The album peaked to number 14 on the Norwegian Albums Chart.
 Rage On is the seventh studio album released by Country Music artist Dan Seals. The Album charted at number 6 on the Top Country Albums chart his second highest charting album since Won't Be Blue Anymore in 1985.
 My Ride's Here is the eleventh studio album by American singer/songwriter Warren Zevon released in 2002 (see 2002 in music). Zevon described it as a meditation on death; it was released several months before Zevon was diagnosed with terminal mesothelioma.
 Little Things is the second album by Sylver and was released in April 2003.Livin' My Life Why Worry and Shallow Waters were the first three singles released from the album. The fourth single Wild Horses was only released in Belgium. A ghost track on the album was the French version from Turn the Tide titled as Je Ne Sais Pas.
 Not One Single Fucking Hit Discography is a collection of one album four 7s and live recordings by hardcore punk band Aus-Rotten. Although this is billed as a discography there are two albums that follow: 1998's ...And Now Back to Our Programming and 2001's The Rotten Agenda.
 Batman: Arkham City is a 2011 action-adventure video game based on the DC Comics superhero Batman. Two music albums were released alongside the game: Batman: Arkham City – Original Video Game Score which contains the game's original score by Nick Arundel and Ron Fish and Batman: Arkham City – The Album containing songs by various mainstream artists.
 Dangerous Magical Noise is an album by the American rock music group The Dirtbombs.
 Sadamantium is the debut album by comedian Mike Lawrence released digitally on May 28 2013 by Comedy Central Records.The name comes from a combination of the words sad and adamantium which is a fictitious indestructible metal alloy in the Marvel Comics Universe.
 Twice Removed is the second album by Canadian rock band Sloan. It was released on Geffen Records in 1994 and is considered to be one of their best albums. It was more melodic and catchy than their previous album Smeared and as a result Geffen did not promote it very well because it didn't fit the commercially dominant grunge rock style of the time. The band was dropped from Geffen after Twice Removed was released.
 If I Have to Stand Alone is the debut album by Hi-NRG and House singer Lonnie Gordon. It was released in 1991 on Supreme Records. It includes Gordon's breakthrough hit Happenin' All Over Again which was a top 10 hit in the UK and a big hit around Europe. However the two follow-up singles Beyond Your Wildest Dreams and If I Have To Stand Alone flopped causing the album to be shelved in the UK.
 The Kinks Are Well Respected Men is a 2-disc compilation album by British rock group the The Kinks released in 1987. The album consists of all the non-album singles and b-sides released in the UK by the Kinks from 1964 to 1970.
 The Fabulous Impressions is an album by the American soul music group The Impressions. It includes a cover of the Gene McDaniels song One Hundred Pounds of Clay.
 Homovore is the debut album by Cattle Decapitation. It was released in 2000 on Three One G. The LP was pressed on lavish cow-colored vinyl meaning white with black splotches.
 Touchdown is the third album from the Brighton-based band Brakes released in 2009.
 If I Could Only Fly is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard released in 2000. The title song was written by Texas songwriter Blaze Foley. It reached Number 26 on the Billboard Country album chart.
 Cochise is the debut album from the British rock band Cochise.
 Native Speaker is the debut studio album by the Canadian experimental pop/art rock band Braids released by Flemish Eye/Kanine Records on January 18 2011 (April 11 in the UK) to critical acclaim.
 Helta Skelta is the 1993 re-release of Hot Cars and Spent Contraceptives (1992) the first album by the Norwegian band Turbonegro. It was released on CD only by Repulsion Records in Germany. Only 1500 copies were made. It includes five bonus tracks (including A Career In Indie Rock a 20+ minute audio-play about a young man being raped by a policeman) but leaves out the song Prima Moffe. The cover is a painted portrait of Sirhan Sirhan the convicted assassin of Robert F.
 Surreal is the debut album from UK alternative rock band Man Raze. The album was written over a two-year period from 2004-2006 and recorded during April 2006 in Dublin in only two weeks. It features the singles Skin Crawl and Turn It Up. The album was released in the USA on June 3 2008. The UK Edition featuring a 5 track bonus disc is available from December 1 2008.
 Trouble – Norwegian Live EP is an EP released by English rock band Coldplay in the summer of 2001. It consists of five tracks recorded live by the band at Rockefeller Music Hall in Oslo Norway.
 Gringo is the seventh studio album released by the Ohio rock band Circus Devils in 2009. All songs on Gringo were written and performed by Robert Pollard Todd Tobias and Tim Tobias. The first all-acoustic album released by Circus Devils Gringo is a song cycle in which each track recounts a moment in the life of a nameless drifter known only as the Gringo. The moods on the album range widely between jubilant to melancholy to mean.
 American Beauty is a four song EP by Bruce Springsteen that was released on limited edition (7500 copies) 12-inch vinyl exclusively for Record Store Day on April 19 2014. A digital download version will also be released on April 22 2014. The four songs that appeared on the EP are outtakes from Springsteen's 2014 album High Hopes. Springsteen said of the four songs they're just good music that didn't get onto this record and was sitting there.
 Road Trip is the soundtrack to the comedy film Road Trip.
 Sirius/Lily (stylized as SIRIUS/Lily) is a maxi-single by the Japanese visual kei rock band Diaura. It was released as an A-type and a B-type on the 10th of July 2013. The B-Type version contained only a CD whereas the A-Type contained both a CD and a DVD that had the music videos for the two single tracks Sirius and Lily.
 There Is No-One What Will Take Care of You is the first album by the Palace Brothers. It was released in 1993 on Drag City. It is Will Oldham's debut album and also features several members of Louisville rock band Slint.The album was included in Mojo Magazine's book The Mojo Collection: The Greatest Albums of All Time (2001).
 God Has a Plan for Us All is the first full-length album by Angtoria released on 8 May 2006.It was received well by the international media and the special edition of the album sold-out soon after its release date (it was limited to 3000 copies worldwide).The band recorded a video for the title track.Lyrical themes deal mostly with child abuse self-mutilation and abuse in general.
 Fahrenheit First Self-Titled Album (Chinese: 飛輪海 首張同名專輯; pinyin: Fēilúnhǎi shǒuzhāng tóngmíng zhuānjí) is Taiwanese Mandopop quartet boy band Fahrenheit's (Chinese: 飛輪海) debut Mandarin studio album.
 Masters of Rock: Ramones is a compilation album by the Ramones. It was released on EMI in 2001. The record is made up of tracks from the five Ramones albums on Chrysalis Records: Brain Drain Mondo Bizarro Acid Eaters ¡Adios Amigos! and Loco Live.
 The Talented Mr. Ripley is the soundtrack of the 1999 film The Talented Mr. Ripley starring Matt Damon Gwyneth Paltrow Jude Law and Cate Blanchett. The original score was composed by Gabriel Yared.The album was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score (lost to the score of Le violon rouge) the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score (lost to the score of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano) and the BAFTA Award for Best Film Music (lost to the score of American Beauty).
 Late December released on April 24 2007 is Maria McKee's sixth solo album. The album contains the single A Good Heart a song McKee had written over 20 years earlier but had never released. Feargal Sharkey had a U.K. #1 with the song in 1985.
 Sarah Vaughan and Billy Eckstine Sing the Best of Irving Berlin is a 1957 studio album featuring Billy Eckstine and Sarah Vaughan and the songs of Irving Berlin.Although Vaughan had made many recordings with Eckstine this was their only album together.
 I'm Black You're White & These Are Clearly Parodies is the second studio album by American parody rapper Rucka Rucka Ali. The album was released September 7 2010 distributed by Pinegrove Records. The deluxe edition of the album also contains his first album Straight Outta West B.
 Phantomime (ファントマイム Fantomaimu) is the second mini-album of Japanese rock band 9mm Parabellum Bullet. The CD contains a DVD featuring music videos of (Teenage) Disaster and Talking Machine. The songs Sector and Mr. Suicide were later re-recorded for The World e.p..
 Noise Collection Vol. 1 is a compilation album by Combichrist. The first disc is their album The Joy of Gunz and the second disc collects their first three EPs: Kiss the Blade Blut Royale and Sex Drogen und Industrial.
 Stories and Songs: The Adventures of Captain Feathersword the Friendly Pirate is The Wiggles' only story album released in 1993. This album is about The Wiggles meeting and going on an adventure with Captain Feathersword and his pirate mates to find a treasure chest that he buried on an island years ago and after that they celebrate his birthday.
 Ross is a 1983 album by American singer Diana Ross her third released on the RCA label. It was released shortly before Ross gave a pair of free concerts in New York's Central Park. The album reached #32 on the US charts #14 on the US R&B charts and #44 in the UK. It has never been reissued as a digital download. The album's highest international chart position was in Sweden where it reached #7.Five of the eight tracks were produced by Gary Katz two by Ray Parker Jr and one by Ross.
 Below Zero (1998) is an album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich. It is a compilation of work that were released on multi-artist collections works created for such albums due later that year and previously unreleased tracks.This is the second compilation of this type released by Robert Rich the first being A Troubled Resting Place (1996). It also follows a similar style to A Troubled Resting Place consisting of turbulent organic atmospheres.
 Recital of the Script is a live album by Marillion recorded at a concert at the Hammersmith Odeon (as it was called then) London on 18 April 1983. The recording was made on the final date of the tour promoting their 1983 debut album Script for a Jester's Tear. Featuring former members Fish on vocals and Mick Pointer on drums it comprises songs from that album as well as all tracks of the 1982 debut EP Market Square Heroes and the b-side of He Knows You Know (1983).
 Y3K: Deep Progressive Breaks is a mix album which is part of the Y3K/Y4K series created by Distinct'ive Breaks. The album contains music by BT General Midi Hybrid and Way Out West.
 Milt Jackson at the Museum of Modern Art is a live album by vibraphonist Milt Jackson recorded in 1965 at the Museum of Modern Art and released on the Limelight label.
 Over the Pop is the third studio album by Italian pop singer Sabrina. It was released in 1991.
 Big Heat is a Cantopop album by Leslie Cheung first released in 2000. This album was released before Leslie Cheung's Passion Tour concert. The song 'Fever' won China's Original Music Award (2001). The song 'I' is said to be a song of the self-statement of Leslie Cheung.
 The Best of Hanoi Rocks is the first compilation album by the Finnish rock band Hanoi Rocks. The record was released in 1985 the same year the original Hanoi Rocks broke-up. The bands founders vocalist Michael Monroe and guitarist Andy McCoy would ultimately reunite in 2001 and reform Hanoi Rocks until the bands final break-up in 2009.
 When Gravity Fails is the eighth studio album by Neil Zaza released in 2006. Peter Frampton and Jordan Rudess are guest musicians on the album.
 Live at the Aquarius Theater: The Second Performance is a double live album of the band The Doors released as a double CD recorded live on the Aquarius Theatre in Hollywood on 21 July 1969. This album is one of the live performances on Aquarius Theatre by the label of the Bright Midnight Archives.This is part of previously unreleased material of the Bright Midnight Archives collection of live albums by The Doors.
 Rock Heavies:Lucifer's Friend is the second of two compilation albums by Lucifer's Friend. This compilation collects some of Lucifer's Friend's best songs from their first album Lucifer's Friend (1970) third album I'm Just a Rock & Roll Singer (1973) and fifth album Mind Exploding (1976). This compilation was released by Vertigo Records in 1980.
 Strange Old Brew is the second studio album by Norwegian black metal band Carpathian Forest. It was released on November 6 2000 through Avantgarde Music. It was re-released under digipak format in 2007 by Peaceville Records containing an extra track. Contrasting with the previous Carpathian Forest releases the sonority of Strange Old Brew is their most experimental one so far mixing black metal with jazz interludes.
 A Different Light is the second full-length album by Sherwood and it continues the band's musical style. The album contains several re-recorded versions of tracks off their Summer EP (2006) as well as new tracks that help the band drift into new musical territory. It is the first album since the band signed with MySpace Records and was proceeded by several 'Making of' videos available on the band's MySpace page.
 Beneath This Burning Shoreline is the second studio album by Cherry Ghost released on 5 July 2010 via Heavenly Records. The band recorded the album themselves with Dan Austin who co-produced their debut album Thirst for Romance. The album's opening track We Sleep on Stones was offered as a free digital download on the band's website in May 2010.
 One String Leads to Another is the third solo recording by American guitarist Tim Sparks released in 1999.
 Welcome to the St. James Club is an album by the American Jazz group The Rippingtons released in 1990 for the GRP label. This album reached #1 on Billboard's Jazz chart.
 Decomposer is the second album by The Matches released by Epitaph Records on September 11 2006 worldwide and on September 12 2006.
 The DeBarges is the debut album released by family singing group DeBarge on the Gordy record label in 1981. This first album saw limited success this album featured productions and compositions by the DeBarge members primarily led by singer El DeBarge whose high tenor would lead the group to success throughout the mid-1980s.
 Wingspan: Hits and History is a greatest hits compilation album by Paul McCartney featuring material spanning his first solo album McCartney in 1970 to the 1984 Give My Regards To Broad Street movie soundtrack.
 The Closer You Get is the second album by English indie rock band Six by Seven recorded at The Square Centre in Nottingham with Ric Peet (who produced one track on their first album) and John Leckie (who has worked with many British bands including Radiohead and Simple Minds).
 Hormonally Yours is the second studio album by British-based pop act Shakespears Sister. Released on 18 February 1992 by London Records the album went on to become a critical and commercial success and is their best-selling album to date. The album's second single Stay became the group's best-selling single topping the UK Singles Chart for 8 consecutive weeks.
 Get What You Deserve is the sixth album by German thrash metal band Sodom released in 1994. The band incorporated a more punkish approach to their thrash metal style. The original cover had an overweight thirtysomething male lying in the midst of a vandalized whorehouse mutilated beyond recognition. A young prostitute clad in bra and panties wearing a Jason Voorhees hockey mask can be seen looking on. The reissued cover has the members of the band standing side by side.
 You Still Got Me is the third studio album from country music artist Doug Supernaw. Released in November 1995 the album produced the single Not Enough Hours in the Night a Top 5 hit for Supernaw on the Hot Country Songs charts in 1996. The track Roots and Wings later served as the title track to James Bonamy's 1997 album Roots and Wings while The Note was released in 1998 as a single by Daryle Singletary on his album Ain't It the Truth.
 Indian Giver the fourth studio album by American bubblegum pop group the 1910 Fruitgum Company was released in 1969. The title song written by Bobby Bloom Ritchie Cordell and Bo Gentry peaked at #5 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song Special Delivery went to #38 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album went to 147 on the Billboard 200.
 Bite Your Tongue is the debut solo album by Australian singer-songwriter Tiffani Wood. It was released in Australia on 14 October 2006 through Wood's own independent record label Mudhoney Records.
 Moondawn is the sixth album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 1976 and in 2005 was the thirteenth Schulze album reissued by Revisited Records. In 1995 Manikin Records released The Original Master edition of Moondawn with the bonus track Supplement (25:22) which differs from the bonus track Floating Sequence included on the 2006 reissue. Moondawn is Schulze's first album that was performed in a full Berlin School style.
 Free Your Soul...and Save My Mind is the tenth studio album by Thrash Metal/Crossover Thrash band Suicidal Tendencies released in 2000.The music was a mix of the crossover style of Freedumb and the funk-metal style of their pre-hiatus material (1990–1994).A music video was made for Pop Songs. It was the band's first official video in six years since Love Vs. Loneliness (from Suicidal for Life).
 The Return of the Chlorophyll Bunny is the fourth mini-album by Olivia Lufkin released on December 3 2003 under the labels Avex Trax and Tower Records Japan.
 Silence Becomes It was the debut album for Portuguese pop / alternative music band Silence 4 launched in June 1998. The album had a huge success in Portugal reaching a six-time platinum album level (240 000 unities sold) but didn't have the international success that some critics and fans predicted. The album has 15 songs including a hidden track and two versions of A Little Respect by Erasure.
 Hot Foot Powder is an album by the British blues band the Peter Green Splinter Group led by Peter Green. Released in 2000 this was their fifth album.
 Souvenirs is the first compilation album released exclusively in Australia to show some of the highlights of Tina Arena's international career over the previous few years. Divided into three sections covering songs from screen stage and overseas Souvenirs includes recordings that had not appeared on any of Arena's Australian albums to date.
 Billy Gilman is the self-titled sixth studio album from country music singer Billy Gilman. It was released on September 5 2006 on the Image Entertainment label. Gonna Find Love and Southern Star were released as singles although neither one charted. The album reached #55 on the Top Country Albums chart.
 All of This and Nothing is a compilation album by the English rock band The Psychedelic Furs released in 1988 by Columbia Records. The album has 14 songs including one — All That Money Wants — recorded specifically for the collection.
 Rowan is a 2006 album by Maggie Reilly.
 The Other Side of Cool is an album by R&B artist Babyface and is a remix compilation of some of his singles.
 Filmworks II: Music for an Untitled Film by Walter Hill features the second release of scores for film by John Zorn. The album was originally released on the Japanese Toys Factory label in 1995 and subsequently re-released on Zorn's own label Tzadik Records in 1996. It features the music that Zorn wrote and recorded for Trespass which not used in favor of a score by Ry Cooder.
 Feel My Pain is the third latest studio album with new material from the band Battlezone with ex-Iron Maiden singer Paul Di'Anno. The album was released in 1998 10 years after the collection Warchild was released.
 Balance & Options is the fifth album by West Coast rapper/producer DJ Quik. It was released on May 16 2000 on Arista Records (who inherited DJ Quik's contract when they bought Profile Records). The album debuted at number eighteen on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart with 68000 copies in its first-week of sales. It was his first album not certified by the RIAA.
 Symphony No. 1 is a 1999 album by Joe Jackson. Jackson received a Grammy for Best Pop Instrumental Album in 2001 after several unsuccessful nominations for previous work. Symphony No. 1 was played by a band of jazz and rock musicians including Steve Vai and Terence Blanchard.
 Radiation (BBC Recordings 84–86) is a collection of recordings from Cabaret Voltaire during their most accessible period. They were also made in the BBC's studios with in house producers and engineers rather than the usual self produced material at Western Works studios.
 2011 Live EP is an live EP by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers released in 2012 through their website as a free MP3 download. As a way to celebrate the kick off of the band's U.S.
 Harlem World is the critically acclaimed multi-platinum debut album by Harlem rapper Mase released October 28 1997. The album was nominated at the 41st Grammy Awards for Best Rap Album.
 Chosen Lords is an album by Richard D. James released under the aliases AFX and Aphex Twin. It is a CD compilation of selected tracks previously released on the vinyl-only Analord series. Limited edition copies distributed with a poster were offered on Warpmart to encourage pre-ordering.Eight of the 10 tracks are under the AFX moniker while Fenix Funk 5 and XMD 5a are under the Aphex Twin alias.Chosen Lords reached #82 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Blood of Saints is the third album from Swedish melodic death metal/industrial band Engel. This is the first Engel release to feature Jimmy Olausson on drums.
 Old Goan Gold is a music album by Remo Fernandes and released in 1985. It consists of songs in Konkani and Portuguese. Alisha Chinai has also performed in the album.The album which was released on Remo's own record label Goana Records contains songs which Remo had grown up listening to on the radio and in his father's record collection; nostalgic songs which he could not find in record shops anymore.
 Den Fagraste Rosa / Loveliest Rose (released 2001 / 2002 on the Heilo catalog at the Grappa label - HCD 7168) is the first Christmas album from Norwegian folk band Bukkene Bruse.
 Disguised Masters is a compilation album by the Norwegian avant-garde metal band Arcturus. The album has two new songs: White Tie Black Noise and Deception Genesis. Other tracks are re-mixed versions of songs from La Masquerade Infernale and Du Nordavind from Aspera Hiems Symfonia. Some songs received particularly significant overhauls such as the gangsta rap version of Master of Disguise.
 Imago is the second full-length album by the Brisbane band The Butterfly Effect. It was released on 17 June 2006. It debuted on the Australian ARIA album charts at number 2 the Butterfly Effect's first top 10 album and their highest charting album.
 Fear of God is an album released in 1991 by New Zealand band The Bats.The tracks The Black and the Blue and Boogey Man were released as singles and the album peaked at #43 in the New Zealand charts.
 Best of... is the title of a compilation of the finest tracks by the Christian singing trio Nutshell. The tracks encompass all four of the group's albums In Your Eyes (1976) Flyaway (1977) Begin Again (1978) and Believe It or Not (1979).
 Girl Thing is the self-titled debut studio album by British girl group Girl Thing. The album is a mix of 2000s girl pop and 1970s disco. It features 16 tracks including the singles Last One Standing Girls on Top and Young Free and Happy which was only released in Australia and New Zealand.
 Caribou is the eighth album by the English singer-songwriter Elton John released in 1974 (see 1974 in music). It was John's fourth chart-topping album in the United States and his third in the United Kingdom. The album contains the singles Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me which reached number 16 in the UK Singles Chart and number 2 in the US and The Bitch Is Back which reached number 15 in the UK and number 4 in the US.
 Quah is the first solo album by Jorma Kaukonen of Hot Tuna and Jefferson Airplane. The album was recorded with Tom Hobson. The initial plan was to have side-A be Kaukonen and side-B be Hobson. However RCA felt that Hobson's recordings would not be accepted by the public. Initially the record was planned to be released in mid-1973 but because of the issues with Hobson Kaukonen returned to the studio to record new tracks for side B in May 1974.
 Dedicated is the third studio album by German DJ and producer ATB. It features 12 tracks including three top hits: Let U Go Hold You and You're Not Alone. The title refers to the September 11 2001 attacks. The album which was released in 2002 is dedicated to that tragedy.
 Frank Sinatra Conducts Tone Poems of Color is a 1956 album of tone poems composed by eight notable mid-20th century Hollywood arrangers with each composition inspired by the poetry of Norman Sickel.
 Oppy Music Vol. I: Purple Crayon' is the Debut Album by Chris Opperman and the Random FactorCan you imagine a silken scarf studded with turquoise Necco wafers? Opperman's music starts on the 'and of 2.' If you think you understand it you're wrong. There's this weird little plot of land occupying a hitherto unexplored region between rock jazz contemporary classical and some weird fucking shit nobody can explain. There's Opperman.
 20th Century Masters – The Millennium Collection: The Best of Heavy D & The Boyz is a compilation album from Heavy D & The Boyz.
 Letters from the Underground is the ninth studio album by folk-punk rock band The Levellers. It includes the single Burn America Burn which is a scathing attack on American society.
 Negative Trend is an EP and the only official release by the punk rock band Negative Trend released in 1978 through Heavy Manners.
 Soul Call is a 1967 live album by Duke Ellington and his orchestra recorded live at the Juan-les-Pins/Antibes Jazz Festival on the Côte d'Azur. Ella Fitzgerald appeared with Ellington and his band at the same festival and a more complete version of Ellington's appearance at the festival is documented on the 1998 album Ella and Duke at the Cote D'Azur.
 Live at the Dynamo is the second major live release by British folk metal band Skyclad. It contains some of the same tracks as Another Fine Mess but was distributed in a different market.
 Meet Danny Wilson was the debut album from the Scottish pop group Danny Wilson. It became a significant hit in America on the strength of the summer of 1987 hit single Mary's Prayer.
 Parental Advisory: Explicit Lyrics is the 13th album by American comedian George Carlin. The album is from his seventh HBO special Doin' It Again with some segments omitted and others rearranged. Recorded in 1990 in New Brunswick New Jersey the opening to the HBO special features flashbacks to all previous HBO specials. The special opens with a scene in which Carlin is talking about his past specials to an unseen narrator in the style of a patient speaking to a psychologist or counselor.
 Magnify is the fourth studio album from Christian rock band Remedy Drive and the last album to originally be released under the moniker of Remedy; later pressings of the album have altered to say Remedy Drive.
 Mother Father Brother Sister is Misia's debut album released on June 24 1998. It debuted at #3 on the weekly albums chart with 330660 copies sold. The album stayed in the Top 3 the next two weeks and on its fourth week reached the top of the charts with 277990 copies sold. The album remained in the Top 5 for eleven consecutive weeks and sold over 2.58 million copies in Japan alone.
 The Freedom Of '76 EP was released by Ween in 1995 on Flying Nun Records. The song was originally featured on Ween's album Chocolate and Cheese. It was said to have known as one of Ween's most beloved songs. The song was noted to be one of the first Ween songs where Gene Ween hit high notes without digitally enhancing the vocals. The book Real Wild Chid: An insider's tales from the rage couch referred to Freedom of '76's music video as the fucking best fucking video ever made.
 Rhythm Is My Business is a 1962 studio album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald. The album was recorded with a big band and arranged and conducted by the American R&B organist Bill Doggett.Down Beat magazine awarded this album 3½ stars commenting that the emphasis here was on swinging.Billboard reviewed the album in September 1962 and said that it rates a lot of play.
 Saint Vitus is the 1984 eponymous debut album by doom metal pioneers Saint Vitus released via SST Records. It was released as an LP and later as a CD. Both formats are currently difficult to find. White Magic/Black Magic and Saint Vitus are included on the compilation album Heavier Than Thou.
 Alpha Motherfuckers is a tribute album by various artists originally released on June 9 2001. This record's material is compiled of covers of the Norwegian band Turbonegro.The artists on this record range from Queens of the Stone Age from the U.S. to HIM from Finland.Multiple versions of this album exist including the German version that included a bonus disc of left-over covers in the early first limited pressings; there is also a U.S.
 Of the Blue Colour of the Sky is the third studio album by American alternative rock band OK Go. It was released on January 12 2010 on Capitol Records in the USA and EMI in the UK and re-released on the band's independent label Paracadute Records on April 1. After the band's split with EMI and Capitol Paracadute took over the promotional campaign and all distribution responsibilities.
 Shiva Recoil: Live/Unlive is a live performance album by Paul Schütze and Phantom City released in 1997 through Virgin Records.
 The Dresden Performance is the twenty-second album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 1990. This is the first of seven early-1990s Klaus Schulze albums not to be reissued by Revisited Records. Even though this album is labeled as live tracks 3 4 and 5 are actually studio tracks.
 Thunderstorm is the debut album by the speed metal band Iron Fire. The album was produced and mixed by Tommy Hansen and released in March 2000.
 4 From the Village is an EP by the Anglo-Icelandic band Fields. The EP was released via Black Lab Recordings on July 10 2006.
 Mustt Mustt is the first Qawwali fusion album collaboration between singer Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan and guitarist and producer Michael Brook although the album itself is credited purely to Khan. It was rock musician Peter Gabriel who suggested that Brook and Khan work together.
 So Fresh: The Hits of Winter 2011 is an Australian compilation album. It was released on 17 June 2011. ARIA accredited this album as platinum. It achieved the fourth position on the Australian compilation chart for 2011.
 Jhazmyne's Lullaby is the sole studio album from Milwaukee metalcore band 7 Angels 7 Plagues. It is cited as a highly underrated and influential album leaving a lasting impact on the metalcore genre.
 Thirteenth Step is the second studio album by American rock band A Perfect Circle released on September 16 2003. The album sold well charting at the number 2 position on the Billboard 200 in its premiere week selling over 231000 copies and staying on the charts for 78 weeks. The album went on to be certified as gold on November 4 2003 and as platinum on March 24 2006 by the RIAA.
 Burning Earth is Firewind's second album released in 2003. The original rhythm section of Brian Harris and Konstantine were replaced by Stian Kristoffersen and Petros Christo respectively. This was the last album to feature vocalist Stephen Fredrick who left months after its release. Burning Earth has been remastered and re-issued in Japan via Hydrant Music in 2012.
 Mean Green is a compilation album released by No Limit Records. It was released on September 28 1998 and featured a majority of No Limit's artists as well as other rappers including UGK and Mack 10. Like most No Limit albums at the time this was a success and peaked at #9 on the Billboard 200 and #6 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and was also certified Gold by the RIAA with over 500000 copies sold. The song by Passion Don't Be Mad was a success.
 We Must Become the Change We Want to See is the first live DVD from The Sound of Animals Fighting released on May 1 2007. The DVD includes footage from one of the only four shows the band has played as of 2007. The show was filmed live at the House of Blues in Anaheim California on August 27 2006. The name We Must Become the Change We Want to See is taken from a Mahatma Gandhi quote.Throughout the set Fritz Lang's 1927 film Metropolis is projected behind the band.
 'Wit's End' is the fifth full-length album by Cass McCombs. It was released on Domino Records in April 2011 becoming the first of two albums released by McCombs that year. The first single from the album County Line was accompanied by two different music videos.
 Fire In the Sky is an album released by the rock group Half Japanese.
 Romantico the fourth studio album from the Filipino rock band Kamikazee. It has 14 tracks and released under Universal Records in March 2012 and released on ITunes on April 12 2012. An 8-track promotional CD was released on 14 of October 2011.
 Cryptograms is the second album from Atlanta Georgia-based indie rock group Deerhunter released through Kranky Records on January 29 2007 on CD and vinyl. Following the 2005 release of its first full-length album Turn It Up Faggot Deerhunter began recording material for its next record at Rare Book Room studio in New York. This initial recording session failed due to the physical and mental state of lead singer Bradford Cox as well as malfunctioning equipment in the studio.
 Expansive Heart is the only piece ever released by punk band Big Rig it was released on the Lookout! Records label.
 Mia Nihta Zoriki (Greek: Μια νύχτα ζόρικη; English: One tough night) is an album by popular Greek Laïka singer Paschalis Terzis released on November 3 2008 by Minos EMI. The album is the follow-up to his 2007 platinum album I Diafora and is composed entirely by Giorgos Theofanous. It was certified gold on its first day of release and debuted on the Greek Albums Chart at number two.
 Calendar Days is The Rocket Summer's first full-length album released in 2003. In Japan this album included a bonus track titled She's a Seven which was later released in the US on The Early Years EP. The album title comes from the track TV Family.
 Pat Travers is the debut rock album by Pat Travers. It was released in 1976 on Polydor Records.
 iTunes Originals – Moby is a digital compilation album by Moby from the iTunes Originals series featuring re-recordings of songs from his 2005 studio album Hotel. The compilation was released exclusively in the US iTunes Store on July 26 2005 and was later renamed to Hotel (iTunes Original) after Moby's 2005 studio album Hotel. Since its renaming its title has later been reverted to its original title as iTunes Originals – Moby.
 Calling Zero is an album by Go Back Snowball a side project of Robert Pollard with Mac McCaughan released in 2002.
 Curb Servin' is the second and last album from the hip hop group WC and the Maad Circle.The album peaked at #85 on Billboard 200 and #15 on Top R&B/Hip-hop albums.
 Homeland Movement is an album by Yothu Yindi that was released in 1989 on the Mushroom Records label.
 Soul Junction is an album by jazz pianist Red Garland released in 1960 on Prestige Records. It features tracks recorded on November 15 1957 the same day the pieces for All Mornin' Long were recorded with the same lineup.
 Friværdi is an album from the Danish band Magtens Korridorer.
 Das nächste Album aller Zeiten (German for The next album of all time) is an album by German Heavy Metal band Knorkator released in February 2007.
 Zekū (是空) is an album released by Mucc on September 3 2003. The first press limited edition release included a DVD different artwork and a bonus one track CD. The European version released on May 19 2006 features two bonus tracks which were b-sides from previously released singles. The album reached number 17 on the Oricon chart.
 The RZA Hits is a compilation produced by The RZA. It contains songs featured on the first Wu-Tang Clan album and its first round of solo albums. All songs apart from Brooklyn Zoo are produced by RZA.
 Our Secert World is Kurt Rosenwinkel's ninth album as a band leader. It is a collaborative project with Portugal's Orchestra de Jazz Matosinhos (OJM). The project was initiated in 2007 and was first performed in 2008. Recording took place over three days in September 2009. This was preceded by three days of intense 12-hour rehearsals. All of the selections are original compositions by Kurt Rosenwinkel and have been a part of his songbook as early as mid-90s.
 Heart Mind and Soul is the fourth album by El DeBarge.
 KylieX2008 is the 2008 DVD and Blu-ray Disc release of Kylie Minogue's tenth concert tour KylieX2008. The film features the entire concert (shot in Super 16 format) along with a documentary stage back-drop projections conceptual designs and a photo gallery. Shot on 16mm film the Blu-ray release received comments regarding a grainy picture quality due to 16mm not being suitable for HD TV.
 For Alto is a jazz double-LP by composer/multi-reedist Anthony Braxton. Delmark Records released the double-album in 1970. The tracks on this album are performed by Braxton on alto saxophone with no additional instrumentation or musicians and no overdubbing.The Penguin Guide to Jazz gives For Alto a four-star rating (of a possible four) along with its crown token of merit and describes it as one of the genuinely important American recordings.
 Playlist: The Very Best of Heart is Heart's eighth greatest hits compilation album. It was released in 2008 as part of Legacy Recordings Playlist album series.
 Awkward is an album by Ty. It was released in 2001 on Ninja Tune records.
 Toxic Thrash Metal is a 2004 compilation album by thrash metal band Toxic Holocaust. It was originally released on cassette tape limited to 500 copies.
 Hawks is the soundtrack album for the film Hawks all of the songs performed by Barry Gibb (except the song Chain Reaction the song was performed by Diana Ross.)
 And More is the third and final studio album from Australian rock band X. The album was released on the Mushroom Records alternative subsidiary White Label. The album contains a re-recordings of the bands early songs Home Is Where the Floor Is and I Don't Wanna Go Out with a new studio recording of the live favourite El Salvador.
 Giants (also released as Mary Lou Williams and the Trumpet Giants) is a live album by trumpeters Dizzy Gillespie and Bobby Hackett and pianist Mary Lou Williams recorded in 1971 and originally released on the Perception label.
 I Never Said That I Was Brave is an EP by Philadelphia-based post-hardcore band mewithoutYou their first-ever recording. It was released on the small Kickstart Audio label in early 2001 and has since been out-of-print.The five songs feature the band at its hardest sounding with frontman Aaron Weiss screaming instead of the singing-speaking hybrid he is known for today.
 Amber Skies is the debut album from the Wexford based Irish all-female rock band The Jades. It was released at a show in Crawdaddy on the 14 August 2009.
 Scenes from the Second Storey is the debut album by The God Machine released in 1993 by Fiction Records / Polydor.
 In the Land of Hi-Fi with Julian Cannonball Adderley is the fourth album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley and his third released on the EmArcy label featuring a big band with Nat Adderley Jerome Richardson Ernie Royal Bobby Byrne Jimmy Cleveland Danny Bank Junior Mance Keter Betts and Charles Specs Wright. The Allmusic review awarded the album 2½ stars.
 Spin the Bottle: An All-Star Tribute to KISS is a 2004 tribute album featuring a variety of artists covering songs by the American rock band Kiss.
 Skeletons is the fourth album by the Washington D.C.-based alternative metal music group Nothingface and was their last before breaking up. The album was released on April 22 2003 via TVT Records their last release on the label. Its title according to Matt Holt refers to skeletons I've left behind in my life.
 Live From The Inside is a live DVD by the American hard rock band Shinedown at the House of Blues in Myrtle Beach SC released on August 23 2005.
 Peel Sessions is an EP by The Smashing Pumpkins released in 1992. It consists of three songs recorded live on September 8 1991 for John Peel's Radio 1 show. These recordings later appeared on Rarities and B-Sides. The songs minus Smiley were also included in the deluxe reissue of Gish.
 An End Has a Start is the second album by British indie rock band Editors. It was released on 25 June 2007 in the UK and on 17 July 2007 in the US. The album was certified Platinum in the UK on the same day it was released.An End Has a Start reached No. 69 in the UK end of year album chart in 2007.[citation needed] By the end of 2007 it had sold over 600000 copies worldwide.
 All About a Feeling is the third studio album released by American country artist Donna Fargo. The album was released in October 1973 on Dot Records and was produced by Fargo's husband and manager Stan Silver. It was Donna Fargo's second studio released in 1973 and spawned two Top 10 hits on the Billboard country chart between 1973 and 1974. It was Fargo's first studio album not to chart among the Billboard 200 albums list.
 Hard Bargain is a Blues album by Albert King released in 1996 withouttakes and previously unreleased material recorded between 1966 and 1972.
 City Cobra is the debut solo album by Austrian rapper Chakuza released over hip hop label ersguterjunge.
 On Oni Pond is the fifth studio album by American band Man Man. It was released in September 2013 under Anti Records.
 I've Got My Own Album to Do is the first solo album of Ronnie Wood. It reached number 27 on UK's New Musical Express chart. The title was a dig at Rod Stewart as he was more focused with his solo albums than with The Faces. The album title originated from contributors such as Harrison and Mick Jagger nagging me to let them go home and work on their own projects.
 Live at Winterland is a posthumous live album by The Jimi Hendrix Experience released in May 1987. The album documents The Jimi Hendrix Experience's performances at Winterland San Francisco California which they played two shows each night on October 10 11 and 12 1968. This release compiles the best of those performances.It was re-released in 1992 with a Bonus EP which contained 3 additional songs from the same concerts.
 Sex and the City: Music from the HBO Series is the soundtrack from the HBO television series Sex and the City released in 2000.
 The Artemis Complex is the debut album for Interface released in January 1999. Originally self-pressed and intended to be sold independently it wasn't long before Tinman Records signed Interface to a distribution deal. Between the album's release and the band's increasing marketing presence on the internet Interface's fanbase grew accordingly. Tinman also lifted the track Frantic for their compilation CD Ringworm V1 in early 1999.
 The Brian is the first solo album from Brian Joo (from the R&B duo Fly to the Sky). Originally scheduled for release in November it was postponed until December 18.Brian performed two songs from his album 가지마 (Gajima Don't Go) and 바래! 바래! (Barae! Barae! I Wish! I Wish!) on December 7 2006 on MNet Countdown revealing them for the first time. Gajima is a slow ballad while Barae! Barae! has strong beats.
 The Red Crow is the second studio album by Altan released in 1990 on the Green Linnet Records label. The title track written by Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh also features on her 2008 début album Imeall.
 Break the Silence is the fourth studio album by the German a cappella metal band van Canto released on September 23 2011. It reached number 23 in the German charts. It features 13 tracks five of them being covers and two of them featuring guest artists: Joakim Brodén (from Sabaton) guest appears in his band's cover Primo Victoria Marcus Siepen (from Blind Guardian) guest appears on Spelled in Waters. A Storm to Come is their longest song to date clocking at 9:13.
 Late Night Tales: Friendly Fires is a mix album compiled by Friendly Fires released on 5 November 2012. It is the thirtieth album in the Late Night Tales series....the perfect prescription of head heart and footwork that defines ideal participants for constructing Late Night TalesTheir compilation features tracks from artists such as SBTRKT Bibio Cocteau Twins Laurel Halo and Stereolab.
 Limited Edition is Benjy Davis Project's second extended play album. It was released on May 22 2007. It contained five songs that were subsequently released on their third studio album Dust.
 Connie Smith Sings Hank Williams Gospel is the twenty sixth studio album by American country music artist Connie Smith. The album was released in May 1975 on Columbia Records and was produced by Ray Baker. It was Smith's fourth and final Gospel music album released.
 Die Trying is the eponymous and sole studio album by hard rock band Die Trying. It was released through Island Records on June 10 2003. Oxygen's Gone served as the album's only single. Its music video found significant airplay on Fuse TV and MTV2 during the summer of 2003. The band is seen performing in the city along with shots of young men acrobatically jumping across urban buildings and structures.
 Apocalyptic Feasting is the second release and debut album by the technical death metal band Brain Drill. It is the last release by the band to feature bassist Jeff Hughell and drummer Marco Pitruzella before their departure from Brain Drill during 2008.
 Collider is a studio album released in 2003 by the Australia-based New Zealand rock band Fur Patrol. It peaked at 31 on the New Zealand album chart.
 We Love to Sing About Jesus is an album by country music artists George Jones and Tammy Wynette. This album was released in 1972 on the Epic Records label. It peaked at number 38 on the Billboard Country Albums chart.
 Decameron is the second studio album by San Francisco Bay thrash metal band Epidemic. It was released in 1992 and is considered by many fans as Epidemic's best work.
 Dirty Jeans and Mudslide Hymns is an album by John Hiatt released in August 2011 through the record label New West.
 The Best of The Waterboys 81–90 is a compilation album by The Waterboys released 29 April 1991.
 Acidoacida is a studio album by Italian punk band Prozac +. It was released in 1998 by Emi.
 Haus der Lüge is the fifth full length studio release from the German band Einstürzende Neubauten released in 1989.
 Back to Basics is a 1987 collection of Billy Bragg's first three releases: The albums Life's A Riot With Spy Vs. Spy and Brewing Up with Billy Bragg and the EP Between The Wars. This collection did not contain any new material but did document Billy Bragg's early one man and his guitar approach. The songs collected on this release demonstrate major recurrent themes in Bragg's work: highly critical commentary on Thatcherite Britain laced with poetic love songs.
 Sólo una Mujer (Just a Woman) is the 9th album by Mexican iconic pop singer Lucía Méndez. It was released in 1984 as she was filming the telenovela Tú o Nadie. This album received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album.
 Big Loada is a 1997 EP by UK drum and bass and acid artist Squarepusher. It was his fourth release on Warp Records (after the Hard Normal Daddy album the Vic Acid single and the Port Rhombus EP) in the UK and was later released in the U.S. with an expanded track listing by Nothing Records.
 Solo is a live album by Cecil Taylor recorded at Lino Hall in Tokyo on May 29 1973 and released on the Japanese Trio label.
 The World We Know is the second studio album by Ace Enders the second using the name I Can Make a Mess Like Nobody's Business. It was released on March 23 2010.The track listing was announced by Alternative Press on March 11 2010. I Can Make a Mess Like Nobody's Business went on tour with Copeland to support the release of the album which is said to actually be one continuous song. Enders says I certainly have no problem with people buying songs instead of albums.
 On Stage Vol. 2 is a live album by saxophonist Clifford Jordan which was recorded in Holland in 1975 and first released on the SteepleChase label in 1978.
 Around the World in a Day is the seventh studio album by American recording artist Prince and The Revolution. It was released on April 22 1985 by Paisley Park Records and Warner Bros. Records. In compliance with Prince's wishes the record company released the album with minimal publicity not even releasing an accompanying single until almost a full month after the album's release.
 The Fray is the second studio album by The Fray. Released on February 3 2009 through Epic Records the album debuted at number-one on the Billboard 200 chart and became a top 5 hit in Australia and Canada.The album was preceded by the single You Found Me which charted in the top ten on the Billboard Hot 100 and reached the number-one spot in Australia.
 On My Way to Church is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Jim Jones. It was released on August 24 2004 under Diplomat and Koch Records. The album debuted at #18 on the Billboard 200 with 44000 copies sold in the first week released.
 The Definitive Rarities Collection – 50 Classic Cuts is a compilation album of songs by Nina Simone released in 2009.
 Lost Reflections: The Best of Crimson Glory is the first compilation album from Crimson Glory.
 4RO:20 is the fourth studio album released by independent rapper Afroman. The title is a reference to 420.
 The Christmas Album is a bootleg album featuring the band Stiff Little Fingers released in 1979 (see 1979 in music) although later released as an official live album as Live in Sweden 1991 (see 1991 in music).
 Harmony Ranch is a recording released by the Western band Riders in the Sky in 1991.
 Trampoline is the fifth studio album by American country music band The Mavericks. The album was released on March 10 1998 by MCA Nashville. It features the singles To Be with You Dance the Night Away and I've Got This Feeling. Although none of these singles were Top 40 hits on the U.S. country charts Dance the Night Away reached #4 on the UK Singles Chart and I've Got This Feeling made #27.
 Insomnia is the soundtrack album for the 1997 Norwegian film Insomnia which was composed by ambient artist Biosphere. The tone of the album is much darker in places than Geir Jenssen's earlier work such as in the tracks Field and Quay.
 Rehearsal (EP) is a heavy metal album released on 18 January 2005 by the band A Perfect Murder. It was produced by Louis Dionne and featured six tracks.
 Modus is the debut album by Modus released on OPUS in 1979.
 Happening for Love is the debut solo album by former The La's bassist and Cast vocalist John Power.It was released on June 30 2003.
 Berlins Most Wanted is a collaboration album by German rap group Berlins Most Wanted consisting of Bushido Fler and Kay One. It was released as Standard and Limited Deluxe Edition on October 22. 2010 under Bushido's record label ersguterjunge.
 Sexiful is the second studio album by The International Playboys released in 2004.
 The Tradition Masters is an album by American folk singer Odetta released in 2002.The title refers to the label for whom Odetta recorded her first two solo releases. The songs she recorded during that time period have received multiple releases in various configurations.
 Music Machine II (AKA The Music Machine: All About Love) (1983) is a Christian children's album by Candle that is a continuation of the Music Machine album from 1977. It is set in Agapeland and teaches children about the Love. It features the characters Stevie and Nancy. It is part of a series of spin-offs of Music Machine albums books and Music Machine movies.
 Drawing Shapes was the first EP by British rock band Morning Runner that they released with Parlophone. It was first released on 23 May 2005 (see 2005 in British music).The name of the EP came from inspiration the lead singer/guitarist Matthew Greener had after a funny weekend. He said I was tired and you notice things that you don't normally notice ... I realised that everything was generally a square or a circle.
 Vital is the sixth studio album by American alternative rock band Anberlin which was released on October 16 2012. In interviews vocalist Stephen Christian has stated the album has a youthful energetic energy and features new influences for the band.
 Time Will Tell Our Story was released by folk music duo The Gordons in 2002. It was produced by Gary Gordon and Roberta Gordon. It was engineered by Mark Stoffel at Roan Pony Studio in Murphysboro Illinois; Tim Carter at TreeHouse Studio in Ridgetop Tennessee; and Mark Howard at Signal Path in Nashville Tennessee. It was also mixed by Mark Howard. It was mastered by David Shipley at Foxwood Mastering and Editing in Nashville Tennessee.
 The Best of Pink Floyd: A Foot in the Door is a greatest hits album by Pink Floyd that was released as part of the Why Pink Floyd...? 2011–12 remastering campaign.
 More Than Words: The Best of Kevin Kern or simply More Than Words is the first compilation album from American new age pianist Kevin Kern. As with his preceding and succeeding albums it is an album of instrumental songs. The compilation contains two new compositions plus songs from all five of Kern's previous studio albums.
 Ha Ha Ha is the second studio album by Australian singer-songwriter Natalie Gauci. The album's jazz-oriented sound is a significant departure from Gauci's earlier pop roots. In early 2013 the album was removed from the iTunes Store for reasons unclear.
 Premiers Symptômes (English: First Symptoms) is the debut EP by French music duo Air consisting of early singles released between 1995 and 1997. Les Professionnels was later used for the basis of Air's 1998 single All I Need.
 Mental Circus is the debut album from Bloodpit a Finnish rock band. It was released on Beemvees/Playground Music in 2005.
 Ihr Wolltet Spass is the third full-length studio album by the German industrial rock/medieval metal band Tanzwut. It was released in 2004 by PICA Music in a digipack. The album shows Tanzwut's sound gravitating towards a more industrial metal sound due to its new lineup with the addition of Hatz and Ardor and electronic instruments used in the genre.
 The Birth of Alternative Vol. 2 is a compilation album released in 1998 from Rhino's Flashback Records imprint.
 Jayne Mansfield Busts Up Las Vegas is a novelty album featuring actress model and Playmate Jayne Mansfield published in 1962 by 20th Century Fox. It was a recording of her show The House of Love in Dunes Hotel and Casino. Other artists in the album are Arthur Blake (voice) Mickey Hargitay (commentary) The Bill Reddie Orchestra (orchestra) Bill Reddie (conductor)
 Perform.00 is a collection of Howard Jones favorites re-recorded by Jones and the backup band that accompanied him on tour to support his 1998 album People and on the VH-1 Big Rewind tour of the late 90s (where he appeared on the same bill as the The Human League and Culture Club). The bassist for the tours and on this album was Nick Beggs known better as the bassist for Kajagoogoo.
 On September 18 2001 Collective Soul released their greatest hits compilation Seven Year Itch: Greatest Hits 1994-2001 (stylized as 7even Year Itch). The compilation includes songs recorded from 1994 to 2001 and included two new tracks; Next Homecoming and Energy.
 Infestissumam (Latin for hostile used by the band as the most hostile or the biggest threat in reference to the Antichrist) is the second full-length album by Swedish heavy metal band Ghost. It was recorded in Nashville Tennessee produced by Nick Raskulinecz and released on April 10 2013. It was released in North America by Loma Vista Recordings on April 16 in partnership with Republic Records a division of Universal Music Group marking the band's major label debut.
 Our Time Has Come is an album by Denise Ho initially released on May 19 2006 and later re-released on July 19 2006.
 Me Me Me is the first album by antifolk singer/songwriter Matt Roth using the performing name Major Matt Mason USA. The album is a completely solo effort consisting mostly of Roth singing and playing an acoustic guitar with occasional overdubs and reverse tape effects.The album is released on Roth's own label Olive Juice Music in the US and on Francis MacDonald's label Shoeshine Records in the UK.
 Rum Rebellion is the debut album by the Australian folk punk band Mutiny. It was released in 1997 by Deported Records in Australia. It was reissued in the U.S. on Hell's Ditch Records in 1999 and again in 2002 on Fistolo Records. Portland Oregon-based Irish punk band Rum Rebellion cites both this album and the Australian rebellion of the same name as inspiration for their band name.[citation needed]
 Danny Rivera / Alborada is an album by Danny Rivera and the group Alborada (from Puerto Rico) which has been categorized by critics as one of the best albums by Danny Rivera. This album was dedicated to Puerto Rican composer Manuel Jiménez El Canario who died in 1975.
 Hjernen er alene (English: The Brain is Alone) is the third studio album by Norwegian rock band deLillos. The LP version had a bonus track not found on the CD release called Utkaster (bouncer).
 A Walk on the Wired Side is the fourth studio album by The Flaming Stars. This album is different from the previous albums because more members of the band besides Max (the primary songwriter) had contributed more towards song writing. Also the Flaming Stars borrowed less from artists like Nick Cave and instead began to create their own style in the underground music scene.
 Sands of Time is the seventh studio album by Jay and the Americans released on March 15 1969. The album went to #51 on The Billboard 200. It reached #30 on the Cashbox charts.The song This Magic Moment hit #6 on The Billboard Hot 100 and was the group's first top ten hit in over three years. The song Hushabye hit #62 and When You Dance went to #70 in 1969.
 Hypnotize is the fifth album by Armenian American rock band System of a Down and the second half of the Mezmerize/Hypnotize double album. It was released on November 22 2005 six months after the release of companion album Mezmerize. Mezmerize and Hypnotize both debuted at number #1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart making the band one of the few to achieve this with two albums in the same year.
 Confederate Railroad is the self-titled debut album of the American country music band Confederate Railroad. It peaked at #7 on the US country albums chart and #19 on the Canadian country chart. It was certified 2×Multi-Platinum by the RIAA. Singles released from the album include She Took It Like a Man Jesus and Mama Queen of Memphis When You Leave That Way You Can Never Go Back Trashy Women and She Never Cried.
 Accepted Eclectic is the third solo album by Los Angeles rapper Aceyalone released in March 2001.This time around production duties were handled by seven different producers whereas Aceyalone's previous album A Book of Human Language was produced entirely by Mumbles.
 Gettin' Up (also released as Ebb Tide) is an album by jazz organist Johnny Hammond Smith recorded for the Prestige label in 1967.
 Talisman is the self-titled first studio album by hard rock band Talisman released in 1990 through Airplay/Vinylmania. It has been reissued three times: first in 1993 through Dino Music; followed by a remastered edition in 2003 through Dino/Empire Records containing a bonus disc with demos and live recordings from 1990; and once again on September 12 2012 as a deluxe Digipak edition with further bonus material.
 Bang or Ball is rapper Mack 10's fifth studio album. It was released through Cash Money Records. It features Lil Wayne Ice Cube WC Butch Cassidy Big Tymers and others.
 Hit Mix is a single by popular Greek artist Katy Garbi. It was released in 2002 by Sony Music Greece. It is a 1-track mix of 13 greatest hits from Katy Garbi.
 Resonance is the fourth full length studio album by Polish grindcore band Antigama. It was released May 15 2007 by Relapse Records.
 This U.S. version of The Hollies Greatest Hits was released in October 1973 and includes The Hollies' Epic and Imperial hits from 1964-1972. It spent 7 weeks on the Billboard charts peaking at #156.The front cover consists of a collage referring to all 12 tracks. However the CD version adds a 13th track 1974's The Air That I Breathe which was the Hollies' last top-10 song in the U.S.
 Kalmanto is the fifth studio album by the Finnish dark metal band Ajattara. It was released in 2007 on Spikefarm Records.
 The Essential Johnny Cash 1955–1983 is a three-disc compilation album containing Johnny Cash's material from 1955-1983.
 Die Wahrheit übers Lügen (The truth about lying) is the second album by Farin Urlaub Racing Team and the fourth album by Farin Urlaub.As FURT was initially Farin Urlaub's live band it was previously used on the live album Livealbum of Death. This is the first studio album (being the third overall) in which Farin Urlaub incorporates his Racing Team.The album was released with a short bonus album Ponyhof just as Jazz ist anders was.
 Lemonade and Brownies is Sugar Ray's debut album released in 1995. DJ Lethal produced for the album providing all of the DJing. Actress Nicole Eggert is featured on the cover. Even though the album did not chart and was a commercial and critical failure for Atlantic Records the band stayed on the label going on to huge success.
 This World Is Ours is the debut album by American deathcore band Upon a Burning Body. The album was released on April 6 2010 through Sumerian Records and was produced by William Putney. All the song's titles are taken after films in which Al Pacino starred. This was the only album with Ramon Villareal on drums before Jonathon Gonzales joined the band as their new drummer.
 New Tradition is the second album by American hard rock supergroup Dark New Day released on February 28 2012. It is their third release in six years after Black Porch (Acoustic Sessions) and their second album since Twelve Year Silence. Originally due to be released in 2006 under the title of Hail Mary the band faced troubles due to their contract with Warner forcing them to shelve the album all together.
 So Far Gone is the third official mixtape by Canadian rapper/singer Drake under his upcoming label October's Very Own. Released in February 2009 the mixtape proved to be a major catalyst in the launching of Drake's career on an international scale; So Far Gone has since been hailed as one of the best mixtape releases of modern music and was universally well received by professional critics and hip-hop fans alike.
 Pio Konta (Greek: Πιο κοντά; English: Even Closer) is the second album released by Greek singer Kostas Martakis released in Greece and Cyprus on 12 November 2009 by Universal Music Greece. The album has eleven songs in total including two English language songs. Furthermore five songs were recorded and produced at Lionheart Studios in Stockholm Sweden. The album went gold within four days of its release and was later certified platinum.
 Suitcase (1994) is the debut solo album by Neil Arthur.
 Fan Club CD Vol. 2 is the second in an ongoing series of annual releases for members of the official Supersuckers fan club.
 Southern Gal is the debut album by American singer-songwriter Terry Ellis it was released on November 14 1995 by EastWest Records. The album was released during the time En Vogue were on a hiatus. The album includes the R&B Top 40 hit singles Where Ever You Are and What Did I Do To You?
 La Petite Nicole is the fifth release of the Montreal-based instrumental act Torngat.
 Mama Was a Rock and Roll Singer Papa Used to Write All Her Songs is the fifth and final studio album by American pop duo Sonny & Cher released in 1974 by MCA Records.
 The Love Bone Earth Affair is a home video by the American rock band Mother Love Bone. It was released in 1993.
 Joy to the World is the first Christmas album by American country music singer Faith Hill. To date it has sold 753045 copies in the US. It features the U.S. Adult Contemporary #1 hit A Baby Changes Everything. The album was certified Gold on December 4 2008.
 The Outer Limits is the seventh album released by Canadian heavy metal band Voivod issued via Mechanic/MCA Records in 1993. This was the final album to feature vocalist Denis Bélanger until his 2002 return.The Outer Limits was also Voivod's first album without original bassist Blacky who had left the band after the release of the critically acclaimed but commercially unsuccessful 1991 album Angel Rat.
 Hip Twist is an album by organist Shirley Scott featuring saxophonist Stanley Turrentine which was recorded in 1961 and released on the Prestige label.
 Bluetory is the debut Korean mini album of South Korean rock band CN Blue. It was released on January 14 2010 by FNC Entertainment and distributed by Mnet Media. The album consists of five tracks with I'm a Loner (Korean: 외톨이야) as the lead track. The album was released in Taiwan on August 10 2010 by Warner Music Taiwan in two versions including one with a bonus DVD.
 Crazy Rhythms is the debut studio album by American rock band The Feelies. It was released in April 1980 through record label Stiff. Its fusion of post-punk and jangle pop was influential on the forthcoming alternative rock genre with R.E.M. among others citing the album as an influence. Although it was not commercially successful it has remained critically lauded in the decades since its release.
 Western Magnetics is the fourth studio album by the Canadian rock band Mystery Machine.
 The Martyr Mantras is a 1990 album by Boy George. It was credited to Jesus Loves You worldwide a move to help people concentrate on the music rather than on the popular artist's name except in North America where it was credited to Boy George upon its release there in 1991 as requested by Virgin Records America.
 The Condensed 21st Century Guide to King Crimson is a compilation by progressive rock band King Crimson released in 2006. It contains select studio tracks from the two box sets The 21st Century Guide to King Crimson - Volume One - 1969-1974 and The 21st Century Guide to King Crimson - Vol. 2 - 1981-2003.
 The Ramsey Lewis Trio at the Bohemian Caverns is a live album by the Ramsey Lewis Trio which was recorded in 1964 at the Bohemian Caverns nightclub in Washington D.C. and released on the Argo label.
 This One's for Blanton! is a studio album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington duetting with Ray Brown recorded in December 1973 and released on the Pablo label.
 a correction is a 2012 album by Fieldhead. It was produced in Vancouver BC and released on Gizeh Records. It is their second studio album.
 Single Collection+ Hotchpotch (シングルコレクション+　ハチポチ Shingoru Korekushon+ Hachipochi) is the first compilation album released by Japanese singer Maaya Sakamoto. The album was originally released in Japan by Victor Entertainment in 1999 this collection was also released in the United States market by Geneon Entertainment (USA) in 2005. It was re-released in 2010 as a part of Maaya's Debut 15th anniversary reissue series.
 LIVE is the fourth studio album released by the Japanese boy group NEWS. The album is certified gold for a shipment of 100000 copies and even top the Oricon chart.
 Plagiarism is an EP by American mathcore band The Dillinger Escape Plan released on the iTunes Music Store on June 13 2006.The title is a reference to the fact that four of the EP's six tracks are covers faithful to the original songs. Like I Love You was first performed with Mike Patton on New Year's Eve 2002. The version on the EP however is a studio version with Greg Puciato on vocals.
 Ruby Wright Regular Gal (The King Recordings) is an album by American songwriter Ruby Wright.
 Arlo is a 1968 live album by American folk singer Arlo Guthrie.
 This is Who You Are is the second full length album from The Beautiful Mistake released in 2004.This Is Who You Are peaked at #49 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart and #22 on the Billboard Top Independent chart.
 Body Heat is a 1974 jazz-funk album by Quincy Jones.
 Praise the Names of the Musical Assassins is a compilation album of rare and unreleased material by Austrian death metal band Pungent Stench. It was originally released in 1997 through Nuclear Blast two years after the band had split-up. The album which collected all the rare and unreleased Pungent Stench material available contains tracks from the band's early demo tapes Mucous Secretion and Extreme Deformity which was released as the group's first EP in 1989.
 Covered in Gas is the debut album by Evil Cowards. It was released in 2009. A music video for Love Pigs was released on YouTube via Fall On Your Sword's official account.
 54 Nude Honeys is the eponymous fourth full-length album from Japanese punk rock band 54 Nude Honeys released on July 9 2003. It is also the groups final full-length studio album.
 What's It All About is a solo album by jazz guitarist Pat Metheny released by Nonesuch Records on June 14 2011. It is Metheny's first album which does not include his own material. On February 12 2012 What's It All About received a Grammy Award for Best New Age Album.
 Pain Language is a collaborative album by producer DJ Muggs and rapper Planet Asia released on September 16 2008 on Gold Chain Music. The album is the third in the DJ Muggs vs.  series following his 2005 collaboration with GZA Grandmasters and his 2007 collaboration with Sick Jacken Legend of the Mask and the Assassin.
 This Sinking Ship was released on February 20 2007 on Fat Wreck Chords. It is the second record from punk band Smoke or Fire. A music video was made for The Patty Hearst Syndrome.
 Tommy Ice Cream Heaven Forever (stylized as TOMMY ♥ ICE CREAM HEAVEN ♥ FOREVER) is the fifth studio album by Tommy heavenly6. It was released November 27 2013. The album's first single Ruby Eyes was released October 2 2013. Tommy Ice Cream Heaven Forever is the heavenly6 counterpart to february6's Tommy Candy Shop Sugar Me.
 Lipslide is the debut solo album from Saint Etienne lead singer Sarah Cracknell. The album was co-produced by Cracknell and a variety of producers and released in the UK by Gut Records in 1997. Upon its release Lipslide earned favorable reviews from music critics although it was not a commercial success. Musically the album does not stray too far from Cracknell's work with Saint Etienne as it contains electronic and indie-styled pop music.
 The System Works For Them is the first studio album by Pittsburgh anarcho-punk band Aus-Rotten. It was released in 1996 on Tribal War Records.
 Machine Fucking Head Live is the second live album from the American heavy metal band Machine Head. And it is the final release to include bassist Adam Duce who was fired due to ongoing differences on February 11 2013. The album was released on November 13 2012 under Roadrunner Records. It was recorded at various tour stops across the globe last year during the bands world tour.
 Blag Steal and Borrow is Koopa's debut studio album released solely in Japan on April 30 2007 through Pyropit Records. The band themselves have distributed copies of the album in the UK particularly as free giveaways and as part of merchandise deals. The whole album is available in download form both as a whole and as separate tracks.
 Good Humor is the fourth studio album by English alternative dance band Saint Etienne released in 1998. The American spelling humor is used in the title as the band were according to Sarah Cracknell fed up with the 'quintessentially English' tag so there was a bit of a backlash against that.The album was a departure for the group who had been associated with the indie dance genre.
 The Buried Life is the second album by Medicine released on October 12 1993 through American Recordings.
 Challenger is the third full-length album by American metalcore band Memphis May Fire which was released June 26th 2012 via Rise Records. The band released the first single Prove Me Right on May 24. They also released the 5th track on the album Vices on June 13 as the second single from the album. On June 18 all of the songs were uploaded to YouTube on the Rise Records page.The album debuted at number 16 on the Billboard 200 selling more than 18000 copies in its first week.
 The Song Remains the Same is the soundtrack live album of the concert film of the same name by the English rock band Led Zeppelin. The album was originally released in October 1976 before being remastered and re-issued in 2007.
 Year of the Black Rainbow is the fifth studio album by rock band Coheed and Cambria released on April 13 2010 through Columbia. The album is a prequel to the band's previous four concept albums which comprise The Amory Wars narrative. Year of the Black Rainbow marks drummer Chris Pennie's only studio appearance. It is the last album to feature Michael Todd on bass.The band began recording the album in 2009.
 Father of Victory is the fourth studio album by the international folk metal project Folkearth released in December. Its name comes from an epitaph of Odin (Father of Victory).
 Wetton/Downes (sometimes stylised as Wetton-Downes or Wetton & Downes though the album is given no official title) is the first album released by former (at the time) Asia bandmates John Wetton and Geoff Downes and is a precursor to their Icon franchise.
 The Wild Ones is the fourth album by the band Cockney Rejects released in 1982.
 Night Lights: A Collection of Previously Unreleased Songs is a compilation album released by American pop punk band Punchline on December 1 2009 compiling 20 of the band's b-sides from the past 6–7 years. The album was released as a donation based digital album from the band's webstore. Any person who donated $6 or more got the complete album while anyone who donated less (or nothing at all) got only the first six tracks. All proceeds go towards the recording of Punchine's next album.
 Corridor is the eighteenth studio album by Japanese pop singer Miki Imai released on November 25 2009. It is her first studio album in 3 years. It debuted at #61 on the weekly Oricon albums chart with 2926 units sold.
 Caramel is the second studio-album of New Zealand psychedelic pop musician Connan Mockasin released in November 2013.Mockasin has said that in terms of the process of writing the album:It's just ideas in my head that I put together and later on it might make more sense. But I don't think about the meaning at the time. Or I'm not aware of it.As of January 2014 the album has received an overall score of 70 on Metacritic indicating generally favourable reviews.
 Last Look at Eden is the eighth studio album by the Swedish rock band Europe. It was released on September 9 2009 in Sweden by Universal and was released on September 14 2009 in the UK by Edel Music's international rock music label earMUSIC.
 Human Destination Is the second album by American band The Upsidedown.
 Schanzerherz is the thirteenth album by the German hard rock band Bonfire. It was released in 2013 by LZ Records and Sony Music. The album is a full-length version of Bonfire's single from 2004 Schanzer Herz both of which were made for the soccer team that is from the band's hometown Ingolstadt. The band included with this album new versions of songs that they had covered by other notable musicians from previous albums.
 Self Portrait is the fourth overall album from singer Lalah Hathaway. The title and release date of the album were announced in Hathaway's official MySpace page in March 2008.
 Underground is an album by Goran Bregović with the music from the film with the same title by Emir Kusturica. Several songs from this album such as Mesečina and Kalašnjikov became instant-classic tavern and brass-band hits.
 Dark at the End of the Tunnel is the sixth studio album by Oingo Boingo released in 1990. It is the first collection of all new material released by the band since their 1987 album Boi-ngo. Although the band's ska and new wave elements remain in songs such as Run Away and Flesh 'N Blood the album marks Oingo Boingo's move towards alternative rock.The cover art of the album is from a painting titled Volcano by artist Peter Zokosky.
 Curiosities Volume I is the first in a series of CDs compiling the previously unreleased recordings of Brian Eno.
 All My Life is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist Jim Witter. It was released in 1999 by Curb Records. It includes the Top 10 singles All My Life Jumpin' Right In Tough as a Pickup Truck and One Beat at a Time and a cover of Cheap Trick's I Want You to Want Me.
 Hallucinations is the debut album by the German death metal band Atrocity. It was released in 1990 by Roadrunner Records.The CD includes the Blue Blood EP. It was produced by Scott Burns.
 Microcosmos is the second full-length release from Hungarian avant-garde metal group Thy Catafalque. It was also the last to represent the older raw black metal sound of the band. Their first music video was made for the song Paths Untrodden.
 Rock Steady with Flo & Eddie was Flo & Eddie's last album as a duo released in 1981. It is a strait-laced collection of reggae songs recorded at Bob Marley's Tuff Gong Studios in Kingston Jamaica including a remake of the 1967 Turtles hit Happy Together. According to Allmusic the album was later re-released under the title Prince Flo & Jah Edward I.
 Bonga Wanga is the fourth studio album of Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota released on July 15 1990. Under the label Kubota released his first single Be Wanabee in October 1990 followed by Mama Udongo in March 1991. The lead single Be Wanabee charted at number 16 on the Oricon Weekly Singles chart. Bonga Wanga became Kubota's first album to peak number one on the Oricon Albums chart. The album also became certified million.
 Live at Selwyn Hall an album by Shooglenifty was released in 1996 on the WOMAD label.
 Ayeshteni is the fourth album by Belgian singer Natacha Atlas. It was released by Mantra Records on May 8 2001.
 The Dance of Death & Other Plantation Favorites (originally issued as Vol. 3: The Dance of Death & Other Plantation Favorites) is the third album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey recorded and released in 1964. The 1999 reissue contained four previously unreleased tracks.
 Live At The Bijou is a 1977 live album by jazz saxophonist Grover Washington Jr.
 Akustichesky Albom (Russian: Акустический Альбом lit. Acoustic Album) is an album of the Russian rock group Korol i Shut released in 1999. At the core of the album is poured acoustic music most of the songs on the theme of love lyrics.
 Daydream Forever is the third studio album by American indietronica musician Kamtin Mohager's project The Chain Gang of 1974. Released on February 4 2014 by Warner Bros. Records it is the major label debut of The Chain Gang of 1974 whose previous records were released under indie label Modern Art Records.
 Panganay ng Umaga is the first and pioneering album of the Filipino alternative folk band Joey Ayala at Ang Bagong Lumad. The album was published three times under different record labels.
 2nd Chance is the third album by Oxide & Neutrino released on June 11 2007. The album was delayed and tied up for awhile after their label Sanctuary Records imploded and was absorbed by Universal Music Group. The album is self-released on their newly formed label Kemistree and Fizzicks.
 Wishingbone is the sister album to Subtle's first album A New White. It contains remixes and new material with other artists including Mike Patton Beck and Andrew Border of Fog. Included with Wishingbone is a DVD including the videos for F.K.O. The Long Vein of the Law and Swanmeat. All the videos on the DVD were animated by a group called SSSR. Several of the tracks originally appeared on the F.K.O. and The Long Vein of The Law EPs.
 Pop*Porn is the third studio album by Líbido released in 2002. With the production of Duane Baron was recorded and mixed at Panda studios in Perú.
 The Ultimate Experience is a 1992 compilation album of songs by songwriter and guitarist Jimi Hendrix. It features 20 of his greatest hits most of them recorded with The Jimi Hendrix Experience and live renditions of The Star Spangled Banner and Wild Thing. It was released in the U.K. in November 1992 and later on April 27 1993 in the U.S.A.. The album reached No. 25 in the UK Albums Chart and No. 72 in the Billboard 200.
 Zanza is the second full length album of the Hungarian rock band C.A.F.B.. It has been released by Premier Art Records in 1997.
 C'est pour vivre is a compilation of Céline Dion's early French recordings. It was released on January 27 1997 in selected countries.
 Shoot the Moon is an EP by the American punk rock band Pinhead Gunpowder. It was released on March 30 1999 through Adeline Records. It was re-released on CD and vinyl through Recess Records on February 12 2010.
 Xitintoday is a studio album released by Nik Turner's Sphynx in 1978. It was produced by Steve Hillage (listed as Stiv Hillage).
 Travelers and Thieves is Blues Traveler's second album released on A&M Records in 1991. The album was released in two different versions: an album-only version and an extremely limited two-CD pressing. The bonus disc was called On Tour Forever. On iTunes the album is listed only as Travelers.
 Heroz4Hire is the third album by hip hop artist Jeru the Damaja. It is entirely produced by Jeru the Damaja himself unlike his first two albums which were produced by DJ Premier.
 Intoxicated Man is the first of two albums by Mick Harvey presenting the songs of Serge Gainsbourg sung in English. It is followed by Pink Elephants.
 The Mosquito Control EP is the first studio release by American post-metal band Isis released in 1998 by Escape Artist. The piece runs fluently through all 29 minutes and all four songs are linked through consistent bouts of chaos and lyrics glued by the metaphor of using mosquitoes as a symbol for mankindsociety and population control.The Mosquito Control EP introduces Isis's first major theme the mosquito.
 The Acoustic EP is the second EP from The Early November recorded shortly before the band's first full-length CD and released in 2002.
 Dream with Me is the second full-length album (first on a major label) by American child singer Jackie Evancho. It was released on June 3 2011 on digital download format and on June 14 2011 in the standard CD format. Evancho was eleven years old when this album was released although she was still ten when it was recorded.
 The Brown Album is the debut album from Canadian funk rock band Bootsauce. It was released in 1990 on PolyGram Records and spawned four singles the last of which their cover of Hot Chocolate's Everyone's a Winner became the band's biggest hit. In 1991 the album was certified Gold in Canada by the CRIA having sold over 40000 copies.
 Monty Python's Previous Record was the third album by Monty Python released in 1972. According to Michael Palin in his Diaries 1969–1979. Among the new ideas for the record were a 'B' side consisting of four concentric tracks all starting at different places on the first groove so that the listener could get any of one of four different versions of the 'B' side.
 The Weather Inside is the second album by Helen Watson released in 1989.The album is notable for its stellar cast of session musicians including Andy Fairweather-Low Richie Hayward George Hawkins Michael Landau Ethan Johns Bill Payne Bernie Leadon and Albert Lee.
 Live from Radio City Music Hall is the title of Liza Minnelli's fifth solo live album. Also the entire show was directed for television by Louis J. Horvitz and later was released in VHS and DVD.
 Mind Fields is the second album by Romanian group Morandi released in 2006. It had a big success in Europe. The song Falling Asleep (Losing My Baby) made Morandi known in many countries.
 Clean (stylized as Clean.) is the second EP release by American noise rock band Whores. It was released on October 29 2013 via Brutal Panda Records. The EP was produced and mixed by Ryan Boesch who is known for his engineering work for acts such as Melvins Helmet and Foo Fighters.
 The New Record by My Bloody Valentine is the second EP by the alternative rock band My Bloody Valentine released in September 1986 on Kaleidoscope Sound. Recorded at Alaska Studios in London the EP's sound is influenced by C86 a brand of indie pop and diverges from the band's earlier post-punk sound.
 Love Love Love is the fourth album by Linda Chung and was released on 13 November 2012. It contains 11 tracks of which 3 are Mandarin while the rest are Cantonese. The Moon Represents My Heart is a remake of a famous song from the artist Teresa Teng. In an interview Chung expressed that the album's main theme was the idea of happiness. Whilst at a promotional event for lovelovelove Linda also stated that she has now saved enough songs to hold a concert.
 Fab Four Suture is a compilation album by Stereolab released in March 2006. It collects six singles and their B-sides originally released on 7-inch vinyl in 2005 and 2006.
 Anyway is the fourth album from the British progressive rock band Family. Side one was recorded at a concert at Fairfield Halls in Croydon south London; side two was a collection of studio recordings.
 Venerable is the fourth studio album by Canadian noise rock band KEN mode released on 15 March 2011 through Profound Lore. Venerable won in the Metal/Hard Music Album of the Year category at the 2012 Juno Awards.
 Forever Wild is a DVD video of live performances by Sebastian Bach released on June 15 2004. The performances are recorded in Los Angeles Whisky a Go Go in 1998 and features several Skid Row songs.
 Guilty Conscience is the third studio album by American recording artist J. Holiday it was released on January 28 2014 through Music Line Holiday Music Group and Central South Distribution. It serves as Holiday's first album in nearly five years since the release of Round 2 (2009).The album features production from Lil Ronnie Ronnie D Jerry Wonda Blaq Smurph and Miyk Snoddy.
 MMXII (2012 in Roman numerals) is the fifteenth studio album by Killing Joke with Jaz Coleman on vocals Kevin Geordie Walker on guitar Martin Youth Glover on bass and Paul Ferguson on drums. The album was released on 2 April 2012 on Spinefarm Records and is distributed worldwide via Universal Music Group.
 One on One is the soundtrack album to the movie of the same title One on One starring Robby Benson. The music was written entirely by Charles Fox with lyrics by Paul Williams. Seals and Crofts provided the vocals. The single My Fair Share (Love Theme from One on One) reached #11 on the AC chart and #28 Pop in late 1977.In 2008 Rhino Records (another label of Warner Bros.) re-released the album in remastered form.
 Black Tight Killers is the first extended play by the Japanese punk rock band 54 Nude Honeys released on January 12 2001 by Vinyl Japan. The EP is a split with the English punk rock band The Diaboliks. It is the 54 Nude Honeys' only EP. The title of the EP comes from a 1966 Japanese film Black Tight Killers.
 Blue Moon is an album released in 1996 by American country music artist Toby Keith. The third album of his career and his only album for A&M Records (whose Nashville division was soon absorbed into Mercury Records Nashville) it was certified platinum by the RIAA for sales of one million copies in the United States. Overall it produced three singles for Keith on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts: Does That Blue Moon Ever Shine on You? (#2) A Woman's Touch (#6) and Me Too (#1).
 Live/Studio is an album by Imperiet released in 1988.
 New Sheets is the third and final full-length album released by alternative rock band Possum Dixon. It was released in 1998 on Interscope Records.
 Eastern Canadian World Tour 2002 is the second album by hip hop artist Jesse Dangerously.
 The Fantastic Plastic Machine is the debut album by Fantastic Plastic Machine and was released in 1997. A light bouncy and cheerful-sounding album it is known for its heavy drawing from bossa nova 1960s-era French pop and electronica. The album is considered by many to be a masterpiece of Shibuya-kei music and it strongly defined the artist's sound.
 Walking Down is an album by American trombonist Bennie Green recorded in 1956 and released on the Prestige label.
 We Three Kings: Christmas Favorites is a holiday album by The Reverend Horton Heat. It was released by Yep Roc Records in October 2005. The album features renditions of twelve popular Christmas songs. It also features one original track.A limited edition Christmas ornament was included with copies of the album that were pre-ordered through the band's record label.
 Red Clay Harvest is the second album by Cravin' Melon released in 1997.
 Plastic is the third studio album by guitarist Joey Tafolla released on July 16 2001 through Mascot Records.
 I'll Cry If I Want To was the debut album of Lesley Gore. The album included her hit singles It's My Party and its follow-up Judy's Turn to Cry. The album was rushed out after It's My Party became a big hit and the songs are mostly about crying linking to the hit single's first line It's my party and I'll cry if I want to incorporating songs with titles such as Cry Just Let Me Cry and Cry and You Cry Alone.
 Revealed is the fourth studio album (tenth overall) by american gospel singer-songwriter Deitrick Haddon. It was released on September 2 2008 on Verity Records and Zomba Gospel. Revealed charted at number 98 on the Billboard 200 and number 2 on the Top Gospel Charts.
 Flesh & Blood is the third studio album by American glam metal band Poison released in 1990 through the Enigma label of Capitol Records.
 Vargmåne is the debut album by the Swedish rock artist Ulf Lundell. It was released in September 1975 on Harvest . It was recorded in EMI Studio Stockholm and produced by Björn Boström. Vargmåne was released in 1992 on CD and released again in 2000 in a remastered edition with two bonus tracks that Ulf Lundell recorded with a 4-track Tandberg Sound On Sound.
 The Love Album is an album compiled from tracks recorded by Doris Day during three studio sessions in Hollywood in 1967 but not released until 1994.In 2006 the album was reissued in CD form with extra tracks taken from a Doris Day television special recorded in 1971.
 Hidden Stash II: The Kream of the Krop is the fourth release from Orange County California rappers Kottonmouth Kings released on October 9 2001. With this album the Kings first introduced the idea of adding punk rock into their mix of styles with the songs Dying Daze and Bi-Polar. Along with On The Run which was a more mellow jam-band sound. The foundation had been laid down the sounds that the Kings would go on to explore more fully on their next album Rollin' Stoned.
 Borrowed Tunes is a tribute album to Neil Young released in 1994. The album was released as a two-CD set one compiling acoustic songs and one compiling rock-oriented ones although the two discs were also each sold individually. The album features a variety of Canadian musicians covering songs written by Neil Young. All profits from the album were donated to The Bridge School which develops and uses advanced technologies to aid in the instruction of handicapped children.
 Home Before Dark is the twenty-seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Neil Diamond. Released on May 5 2008; it was the artist's second album for American Recordings.Home Before Dark received generally positive reviews from critics upon its release and topped the national albums charts in the United States the United Kingdom and New Zealand.
 Rise Them Up is reggae dancehall artist Capleton's fifteenth studio album released on May 15 2007.
 From Shadows Came Darkness is metal band Mendeed's third EP release.
 Majestic is the second live album that Christian singer-songwriter Kari Jobe released her first on Sparrow Records. The album was recorded at the Majestic Theatre in Dallas Texas was produced by Jeremy Edwardson and released on March 25 2014. It has attained critical acclamation and commercial successes.
 Olé Maestro is a live album by the band The Queers. It was recorded live 100% overdub free at Gruta77 venue in Madrid Spain on November 14 2009. And it was released on CD on May 2013 by MediaDavid Produccions. It contains 38 tracks and a comic inside the booklet.
 Frantic is an album by British singer Bryan Ferry released on Virgin Records in 2002. The majority of tracks were produced by the team of Rhett Davies Colin Good and Bryan Ferry; David A. Stewart and Robin Trower also co-produced several tracks.
 Professional Rapper is the third full-length album by John Reuben. It was released on December 2 2003.
 The Bloom and the Blight is the fourth full-length album from the band Two Gallants released on September 4 2012. It follows up their self-titled album Two Gallants which was released on September 25 2007. A streaming version of the full album was made available on August 27 2012 by Rolling Stone magazine.
 Kobna ubavina was released in 2004 and is the third studio album to be released by the group Mizar. It is the first and only album with vocalist Goran Trajkovski. The band changed their style from darkwave and punk to a type of progressive rock.The track Juda was released as a single in 2003 with Pochesna strelba as a B-side although both are earlier mixes of the tracks.
 Nada Personal (Spanish for Nothing Personal or Don't Take It Personally) is the second album recorded by Argentine rock band Soda Stereo and released in 1985. It was recorded at Moebio Studios in Buenos Aires and remastered in 2007 at Sterling Sound Studios in New York.
 Double Life is a 2-CD compilation album of songs by Värttinä. It includes the entire 6.12 live album and songs from studio albums Seleniko Aitara and Ilmatar. It was released in 2002 and is only available in Taiwan.
 Naughty or Nice is a Christmas album as well as the third and final studio album by 3LW. They recorded the album without Naturi Naughton due to her departure from the group. The album gives a hip hop/R&B type sound to Christmas music.
 'ELO's Greatest Hits Vol. 2' is an album by the Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) released in 1992 as a follow up to their more successful ELO's Greatest Hits.
 Missouri is the debut album by American rock band Missouri released in August 1977 on Panama Records catalog PRS-1022. The album was produced by Ron West and Chris Fritz. Movin On received the most airplay with Really Love You and Mystic Lady receiving airplay as well.
 The Big Beat is an album by Art Blakey and his group The Jazz Messengers recorded on March 6 1960 and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Blakey with Lee Morgan Wayne Shorter Bobby Timmons and Jymie Merritt.
 PLATINUM BOX V is a DVD-Box released by Japanese singer Gackt on December 15 2004 .
 Daydreamin' is the sixth album by the Los Angeles California-based R&B group Dynasty released in 1986.
 Runaway Jones is the second studio album from hip hop artist Miles Jones. The album was released via Miles Jones's label Mojo Records & Publishing and distributed in Canada by URBNET/Fontana/Universal. The album will be released by MB3/Caroline in the US in April 2011.
 Four (Acts of Love) is the sixth studio album by Australian singer-songwriter Mick Harvey - and his second since leaving Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds. It was released in June 2013 under Mute Records. The 14 tracks make up a song cycle bookended by Praise the Earth (Wheels of Amber and Gold) and Praise the Earth (An Ephemeral Play). The album includes eclectic covers including The Saints' punk The Story of Love P. J.
 Official Live Bootleg is the third album and first live album by American progressive rock band Spock's Beard. It was released in 1996 with a European release under the title The Beard is Out There in 1998.The original North American release consisted of the four tracks from the band's debut album The Light with the fifth song Thoughts coming from their second album Beware of Darkness. The European release added a sixth track coming from the band's rarity collection From the Vaults.
 Meantime is the second studio album and major label debut by the American alternative metal band Helmet released on June 23 1992 through Interscope Records.Despite initially only achieving moderate commercial success peaking at number 68 on the Billboard 200 chart upon release in 1992 the album influenced multiple bands in its wake and has been well received by music critics and is considered an influential album of the metal genre.
 August Underground: Tha Making of Sutter Kain is the third studio album by American rapper and producer Sutter Kain released in 2006
 Market Harbour is a solo album by The Wildhearts frontman Ginger released in January 2008 on Round Records.
 Ljubavi (in Serbian: Љубави) is the fifth studio album by Serbian pop singer and songwriter Željko Joksimović. It was released in all the countries of former Yugoslavia on 2 November 2009. The first single from the album shares the same name with the album.
 Bound by Fire is the debut album by Canadian humorous metal band Zimmers Hole (then spelt as Zimmer's Hole). This edition of the album may be out of print. Some copies (still sealed) surface on eBay quite often. It was later re-issued on Century Media Records with bonus tracks. Devin Townsend produced this CD underneath the alias Dr.Skinny (Also the name he uses for Punky Brüster)
 Dave's Picks Volume 3 is a three-CD live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead. It contains the complete concert recorded on October 22 1971 at the Auditorium Theatre in Chicago Illinois with bonus tracks from the previous night's show at the same venue. It was released on August 1 2012.Dave's Picks Volume 3 was the third in the Dave's Picks series of Grateful Dead archival releases the successor to the Road Trips series. It was produced as a limited edition of 12000 copies.
 Beast of the Bonzos is the US version of the UK album The Best of the Bonzos. This American best of album differs from the British in having different cover art an extra flap with an article about the Bonzos by John Mendelsohn and about half different songs.
 Neredesin Firuze is the soundtrack of the same-title film by Ezel Akay (credited as Ezop).
 20/20 Vision is the seventh studio album from country music artist Ronnie Milsap it was released in 1976.
 Wild Animals is an album by The Pinker Tones released in 2008.
 Ambient 4: On Land is a 1982 album by British ambient musician Brian Eno. It was the final edition in Eno's ambient series which began in 1978 with Music for Airports.
 We Came to Party is an album recorded by the R&B performer Roy Brown. Published by Friendship Records of Hollywood California RB-701.
 Ridin' Shotgun is the eighth studio album released by American country music artist Jessi Colter. The album was originally issued in 1981 by Capitol Records.
 Bass Generation is the fifth studio album by Swedish singer-songwriter Basshunter. It was first released on 28 September 2009 a week after the album's lead single Every Morning. The album reached No. 2 in New Zealand and No. 7 in South Africa.
 Nada Es Igual (Nothing is the same) is the third studio album from Spanish artist Chenoa recorded in Milan at the summer of 2005 and produced by the prestigious Dado Parisini. Chenoa’s music takes a new direction in this pop-rock CD Nada es igual. The album sold more than 100000 copies in Spain and was also a success in many Latin-American countries.
 Duncan Sheik is the self-titled debut by American singer-songwriter Duncan Sheik. It was released on Atlantic Records in 1996.
 Not Afraid to Stand Alone is the second studio album by Native Deen released in November 2007.
 Nocentelli: Live in San Francisco is a live album by funk guitarist Leo Nocentelli of The Meters on the label DJM Records. The album was recorded at Slim's Nightclub in San Francisco.
 Spin the World was the only full-length album released by the American heavy metal band Mistrust. It was originally released in 1986 through C.O.M.A. Records and later again on CD through Heart of Steel Records in 2009 with two bonus tracks.
 The Black Hole is an album by Misty's Big Adventure released in 2005. It is their second full studio release and contained the single The Story Of Love.
 Sticks and Stones is the ninth studio album by the American rock band moe. It was released on January 22 2008 by Fatboy Records almost one year to the day after the release of their last studio album The Conch. It is the only moe. album to also be released on vinyl.
 Live & Off the Record (released as En Vivo y en Privado in Spain and Latin America) is the second live album by Colombian musician Shakira. The album was released in 2004 and consists of a two-disc CD and DVD compilation. The CD includes recordings of live performances recorded during 2003 and 2004 and the DVD includes footage from Shakira's Tour of the Mongoose live performance in Rotterdam Netherlands on April 22 2003. The album was certified gold by the RIAA in May 2004.
 Nice Nice Very Nice is the second album by Canadian singer-songwriter Dan Mangan released on August 11 2009. The album was a shortlisted nominee for the 2010 Polaris Music Prize.The album's title is a quotation from a poem contained in American author Kurt Vonnegut's 1963 novel Cat's Cradle.Two tracks on the album were released as singles and had music videos produced: Robots directed by Mike Lewis and Sold directed by Sean Devlin.
 Memoirs at the End of the World is The Postmarks second album and was released on August 18 2009.Pitchfork.com gave the album a 7.6/10.0
 Invisible Hitchcock is a 1986 solo album by Robyn Hitchcock. A collection of leftovers and out-takes recorded from 1981–1985 Hitchcock's sleeve notes explain that the album was assembled because the songs didn't fit in with what I was doing at the time and do fit in with each other now..The US version of the LP (on Relativity) replaced It's a Mystic Trip with Grooving on a Inner Plane.The CD versions of Invisible Hitchcock omit Grooving on a Inner Plane but include additional tracks.
 II is Kurious's second album in 16 years since he released A Constipated Monkey. The album was released on June 30 2009 on Amalgam Digital with guest appearances by MC Serch MF Doom Kadi Amin Dave Dar Vanessa Liftwig Max B Rell and Co Campbell.
 Six Pack is the third EP by the American hardcore punk band Black Flag. It was released in June 1981 through SST Records on 7 10 and 12 vinyl.
 Silver is second EP by Jesu their third release overall released by Hydra Head Records on April 11 2006. This album shows a more melodic and poppy side to the band than the previous two Jesu releases drawing comparisons to shoegazing bands such as My Bloody Valentine and Ride.The Japanese edition of this album contains two additional mixes of the songs Silver and Wolves.
 Tim is an album released in October 1985 on Sire Records by the US alternative rock band The Replacements. It was their first major label release and also the last album made by the original line-up of the band: guitarist Bob Stinson was kicked out of the band towards the end of 1986.Like its predecessors Tim achieved moderate mainstream commercial success despite critical acclaim. The album peaked at number 183 on the Billboard Music Chart's Top 200.
 Treasure is a limited edition compilation album by Holly Cole Trio. It was released in Canada in 1998 on Alert Records. It is a collection of Hits and Previously Unreleased Tracks from 1989-1993.
 Stonehenge is the second album by Ruins released in 1990 through Shimmy Disc.
 Conforming to Abnormality is Cephalic Carnage's first full-length album. It was first released in 1998 on Italy's Headfucker Records. In 2002 the album was re-released on Hybrid Records. In 2006 Subordinate Records from Italy re-released the album without the band's permission on CD and LP. In 2008 the album was remixed remastered and repackaged and had 20 bonus tracks added. This version was released by Relapse Records on April 29 2008.
 Magnus Dominus Corpus (2004) is MDC's seventh full length album with three of their four original members Dave Dictor (also Submissives) Ron Posner (ex-con-ron) Mikey Donaldson (founding member of The Offenders and Sister Double Happiness) and drummer Mike Pride (Dynamite Club).The title is a Latin term taken from the returning Crusaders of the 13th century to term the intense hatred between the clashing Islamic and Christian cultures. It literally means corpses of the ultimate dominators.
 Bolderājas dzelzceļš is the official debut album by Latvian band Dzeltenie Pastnieki following the demo recording Madonas galerts. It was released through magnitizdat in 1981 and 'officially' in 2003. The name of the album is Latvian for The Railroad of/to Bolderāja and is commonly misspelt as Bolderājas dzelzsceļš (even on the cover of the officially released CD). Bolderāja is a district of Riga.
 Vuelvo A Ti is a worship/gospel album released in 2006 by Christian recording artist Ericson Alexander Molano.
 Close Up the Honky-Tonks is a compilation double-LP by country rock artist The Flying Burrito Brothers which was released in 1974. By this time the Flying Burrito Brothers no longer existed having been dissolved by Rick Roberts in 1973.This compilation was released after Gram Parsons' death in 1973 presumably to capitalize on posthumous interest in Parsons' music though the compilation does include cuts from the Chris Hillman-led post-Parsons era as well (on Side Four).
 Jonny is the debut album by the duo Jonny consisting of Norman Blake of Teenage Fanclub and Euros Childs of Gorky's Zygotic Mynci. The album was recorded with Teenage Fanclub bassist Dave McGowan and BMX Bandits drummer Stuart Kidd. Uncut placed the album at number 36 on its list of Top 50 albums of 2011.
 In the Name of Love: Artists United for Africa is a benefit album recorded by Christian bands with a portion of the proceeds going to help cure the AIDS pandemic in Africa. All of the songs are covers of U2 songs.
 Offcell is an EP released by indie rock band Pinback.
 Mandy Moore is the self-titled third studio album by American pop singer Mandy Moore. It was released by Epic Records when she was 17 years old on June 19 2001.
 The EP is Frank N Dank's fourth album. The album's production is entirely handled by Dutch producers such as I.N.T. Kid Sublime Wouda Y’skid and Elsas. The only single of the album is Clap Hands.
 Distinctive Presents Y4K: The 20th is the 20th instalment in the Y3K/Y4K series. It features music by: Hybrid Way Out West & General Midi. It's mixed by Distinctive. The album is split into two discs. The first being mixed and the second unmixed.
 Recovery is the third album by Scottish Celtic rock band Runrig released in 1981. The album deals with the social history of the Scottish Gàidhealtachd mirroring a renewed sense of cultural and political identity within the Scottish Gaelic community.Two of the tracks were remixed and rereleased on Proterra.
 The Loyal is Tiger Lou's second album featuring dark melancholic and electric sounds.
 Overstep is Phish bassist Mike Gordon’s fourth solo studio album following Moss The Green Sparrow and Inside In. It was released on February 25 2014 on Megaplum/ATO Records.Gordon and Scott Murawski penned the songs for Overstep during a series of writing retreats in New England. He turned over the producing reins to Paul Q. Kolderie (Radiohead Uncle Tupelo Pixies) and invited a few new players into the studio including legendary drummer Matt Chamberlain (Jon Brion Fiona Apple).
 Platters of Splatter is a double CD compilation album of early recordings by deathgrind band Exhumed.
 Slave Vows is the fifth studio album by Los-Angeles hardcore band The Icarus Line. It was released in August 2013 under Agitated Records.
 Children of a Lesser God is the second album by the Wu-Tang Clan-affiliated American rap group Wisemen released on October 26 2010 on Babygrande Records.
 Satan's Charm is the third studio album by American electronic music artist Sebastian Ciceri released on February 8 2014.
 The Politics of Envy is the seventh album by vocalist Mark Stewart released on March 26 2012 through Future Noise.
 Blue Afternoon released in 1969 was Tim Buckley's first self-produced record and his debut for Herb Cohen and Frank Zappa's Straight record label. This was Buckley's fourth album after Tim Buckley Goodbye and Hello and Happy Sad. Blue Afternoon used the same group of musicians as Happy Sad with the inclusion of drummer Jimmy Madison.Several tracks on Blue Afternoon are songs Buckley had intended to record on earlier albums but had not completed.
 La Zizanie is a 2001 album recorded by French pop singer Zazie. It was her fourth studio album and her fifth album overall. It was released on 16 October 2001 and achieved success in francophone countries.
 Marah Presents Mountain Minstrelsy of Pennsylvania is an album by Marah released in 2014.
 Roll is the seventh studio album by Canadian country music group Emerson Drive. It was released on October 30 2012 via Open Road Recordings. The album's first single She's My Kind of Crazy reached the top forty on the Canadian Hot 100.Roll was nominated for Country Album of the Year at the 2013 Juno Awards. It was also nominated for Album of the Year at the 2013 Canadian Country Music Association Awards.
 Face the Music is the fifth studio album by Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) and features a new line-up following their previous studio album Eldorado.
 That's Right! is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley and the Big Sax Section released on the Riverside label featuring Adderley with his brother Cannonball Adderley Jimmy Heath Charlie Rouse Yusef Lateef Tate Houston Wynton Kelly Jim Hall/Les Spann Sam Jones and Jimmy Cobb.
 Dick's Picks Volume 18 is the 18th live album in the Dick's Picks series of releases by the Grateful Dead. It was recorded February 3 1978 at the Dane County Coliseum in Madison Wisconsin and on February 5 1978 at the UNI-Dome in Cedar Falls Iowa. There are also two songs from the February 4 1978 show at the Milwaukee Auditorium in Milwaukee Wisconsin.
 Square the Circle is the thirteenth studio album by British singer-songwriter Joan Armatrading. The album was written arranged and produced by Joan Armatrading and recorded at Bumpkin Studios her own purpose built studios. It was released on 23 June 1992 by A&M Records (75021 5388 2). It was also released on cassette and digital formats. Square the Circle was Armatrading's last album for A&M Records – after its release she signed for RCA.
 Jamboree is the second album by Beat Happening released in 1988 through K Records/Rough Trade Records. All songs were produced by Steve Fisk with assistance from Screaming Trees members Mark Lanegan and Gary Lee Conner (who plays a brief guitar solo on Midnight a Go-Go) except Cat Walk produced by Patrick Maley and The This Many Boyfriends Club recorded live by Rich Jensen.
 Attention: A Tribute to Jermaine Stewart is a posthumously released album from American R&B singer Jermaine Stewart. The compilation release features various material previously unreleased and never heard before.
 Proof of Impact is The Forecast's first CD.
 Aqua is the seventh full-length studio album by Brazilian progressive/power metal band Angra. It was released on August 11 2010 and August 17 2010 in Japan and Brazil respectively. It is the last record of the band to feature Edu Falaschi on lead vocals.
 The Servant is the debut album of the London-based alternative band The Servant in 2004 released on the Prolifica Records label. The limited edition contained 15 tracks and totalled an hour in length.
 Zu & Co. is a compilation of songs mostly written by Italian rock singer Zucchero. With the exception of Indaco Dagli occhi Del Cielo (a cover of the Korgis song Everybody's got to learn sometime) and Il Grande Baboomba all songs have previously been recorded and released by Zucchero. For ZU & Co. new versions of these songs were recorded with a selection of artists with whom Zucchero has performed during his career.
 The Smashing Pumpkins 1991–1998 is a greatest hits compilation album by alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins.
 Mechtatel (Russian: Мечтатель English: Dreamer) is the sixth album by Russian singer-songwriter Dima Bilan. It was recorded in Russia and the United States in collaboration with Jim Beanz and Jonathan Rotem.A bonus disc version was published with an attached DVD contains the official videos of five songs.
 Born Under a Bad Neon Sign is the seventh studio album by The Flaming Stars. It was recorded and mixed by Ed Deegan at Gizzard Studios in London. The record is dedicated to the then recently departed and long-time friend of Max's Nikki Sudden. It is also the first album to feature a duet - Holly Golightly appears on the title track with Max Décharné.
 A Brand New Me is the sixth studio album by English singer Dusty Springfield released on Atlantic Records in January 1970. The album was also released in the UK three months later on Philips Records under the title From Dusty with Love. The album was recorded in late 1969 at the Sigma Sound Studios in Philadelphia. It is Springfield's only album on which every song was produced by the same production team.
 The Smoking Popes Tribute is a tribute album to the Chicago-based pop punk band the Smoking Popes. It was released March 25 2003 by Double Zero Records a label founded by former Smoking Popes drummer Mike Felumlee. Following the Smoking Popes' breakup in 1998 Double Zero had released several albums of previously recorded Smoking Popes material including 1991–1998 Live and The Party's Over.
 The Essential Dixie Chicks is a 2010 greatest hits album from American country music group the Dixie Chicks. The pair of discs contain thirty songs personally selected by the Dixie Chicks from their fourth through seventh studio albums. The album is a part of the Sony Music's The Essential series. The album was released in countries such as Canada Australia and New Zealand on August 24 2010 and was released in the United States on October 26 of that year.
 Here's Looking at You is the third studio album by Sammy Davis Jr. released in 1956.
 Listen Here! is an album by Eddie Palmieri. In 2006 the album won Palmieri the Grammy Award for Best Latin Jazz Album.
 Live at The Record Exchange is an acoustic EP by Josh Ritter. It was recorded at the Record Exchange in Boise Idaho United States in 2006. The EP features three songs from Ritter's 2006 album The Animal Years two previously unreleased songs and a John Prine cover.
 The 80th Birthday Concert is a live album by George Russell released on the Concept label in 2005 featuring a performance by Russell with his Living Time Orchestra recorded in 2003. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3½ stars and states The 80th Birthday Concert a two-CD set stands as one of his finest recordings and sums up much of his career...
 Disorder is the first album released by Japanese rock band The Gazette. It was released on October 13 2004 and peaked at #3 on the Oricon daily charts. The first press limited edition came with a special black and gold case and features both Disorder - Intro and Disorder - Heaven.
 Get Wild is the début solo album by Iranian-American house DJ Sharam one half of the Grammy award-winning DJ/production duo Deep Dish; released on the February 17 2009 through Ultra Records.
 Soundboy Rock is the fifth studio album by the London-based electronica/dance duo Groove Armada which was released on May 4 2007. The album was released on CD vinyl and also as a limited CD package with 2 bonus tracks (listed below). The first single from the album was Get Down released on 30 April 2007. The second single was Song 4 Mutya (Out of Control).
 Jazz Has a Sense of Humor is the final studio album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Verve label in 1998 featuring performances by Silver with Ryan Kisor Jimmy Greene John Webber and Willie Jones III. The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos awarded the album 4 stars and states In this set of nine originals the Horace Silver touch is clearly evident: happy strong melodies; groovin' beats; Silver's deft deliberate bluesy piano comping and boppin' leads...
 Cistm Konfliqt... (system conflict) is the eleventh and last studio album by Japanese band The Mad Capsule Markets. It was released in 2004 in Japan and 2005 in the United Kingdom. The UK version included two bonus live tracks a video for W.O.R.L.D and an alternative cover. This lyrics showed an interest in politics for example the song Scary has the lines Tell me now why are we killing and dying; America Europe Asia Middle East; Religion History Greed.
 Free Agent: A Spaced Odyssey is the fifth solo album by former Parliament-Funkadelic keyboardist Bernie Worrell. The album was released by Polystar Records in Japan in 1997. The album features guest musicians Buckethead Umar Bin Hassan and Bill Laswell. Free Agent has never been distributed by any major or independent record label outside of Japan.
 Version of the Truth is the title of the third album released the American country music duo Foster & Lloyd. Despite it charting higher (#40) than their previous album Faster & Llouder (#44) Its singles were less successful. The first Is It Love peaked at #43 on the Billboard (magazine) Hot Country Songs chart while the second Can't Have Nothin' reached #38 their most successful single since 1988's Fair Shake.
 It's All Good is the debut album by Suga-T released on April 16 1993 through Sick Wid It Records. Production was entirely handled by Studio Ton with lyrics written by Suga-T and her brother and fellow Click member E-40.The album was released prior to Sick Wid Its distribution deal with Jive Records and did not receive much attention outside of the Bay area however it did spend two weeks on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums peaking at number 88 in the week of May 22 1993.
 Kidz Bop 3 is the third album in the Kidz Bop series. This album was released as a single disc and as a 30 track two-disc set available online through Razor & Tie's mail order division Music Space released on December 13 2002. This single-disc release was made available in stores as well as online on March 4 2003.It reached number 17 on the Billboard 200 albums chart and was certified Gold by the RIAA on April 9 2003.
 The Features Vol. 1 is the first compilation album by rapper Suga Free it was released on August 22 2006. The album features songs that Suga Free has appeared on throughout the 1998-2006.
 No Kings is the second official album from Minneapolis indie hip hop collective Doomtree. It was released on November 22 2011.The first single The Grand Experiment is currently available to stream from their official website.
 Acid Beaters is a split album featuring American pop punk band The Queers and Italian pop punk band the Manges. The album's title is a play on words of the Ramones album Acid Eaters.
 Don't You Rise is an EP released in 2009 by New Zealand band The Bats.
 Mariefred Sessions is the third extended play by Swedish singer-songwriter Erik Hassle which was released in Sweden on 23 March 2011. The EP resulted from a collaboration between Hassle and two members of Swedish rock band Kent Joakim Berg and Martin Sköld. Mariefred Sessions was primarily recorded in Martin Sköld's studio in Mariefred Sweden. Two singles were released from the EP; Are You Leaving was released on 16 February 2011 and Stay Away was released on 6 July 2011.
 Don't Shoot the Messenger is an EP by Puscifer. Three of the tracks were previously released on soundtracks Trekka (Sean Beavan Mix) being the only exception. REV 22:20 was released on the Underworld soundtrack REV 22:20 (4:20 Mix) was released on the Saw II soundtrack and The Undertaker (Renholdër Mix) was released on the Underworld: Evolution soundtrack.
 Pale Sun Crescent Moon is a 1993 album by Cowboy Junkies.Canadian guitarist Ken Myhr appears on every track on this album. It is generally viewed as the band's best 1990s work. As with all of the band's albums since 1988's The Trinity Session however it was only a modest success outside of the band's native Canada.It was the band's last album of new material for RCA Records although a live album and a greatest hits compilation were subsequently released on the label.
 The Dead C is the eponymously titled seventh album by New Zealand noise rock band The Dead C. It was a double CD set released in 2000 on the band's own Language Recordings imprint.
 The Zone is a compilation CD by Enter Shikari. It was released on November 12 2007. It was announced October 1 2007 by one of the members of Ambush Reality. The compilation features b-sides demos and a remix by Rou's side-project Routron 5000. The first few released have 2 hidden tracks these were put on by mistake. Three tracks are from the BBC Radio 1 Zane Lowe Session performance.There is also a limited run of Zone with only 4 tracks on it.
 Street Sounds Hip Hop Electro 12 is the twelfth compilation album in a series and was released 1986 on the StreetSounds label. The album was released on LP and cassette and contains eight electro music and old school hip hop tracks mixed by Herbie Laidley.
 199Quad is the debut album of the Southern rap group 69 Boyz released in 1994 following the success of their song Tootsee Roll. The album peaked at number 59 on the Billboard 200 on April 1 1995. The album was re-released with a new cover and a bonus DVD by Lil Joe on October 10 2006.
 Metropolis: Point Zero or The Audition is the first unofficial album by American recording artist Janelle Monáe released sometime in 2003. The album features thirteen songs and one instrumental song I Won't Let Go. Before signing with Bad Boy Records she self-distributed the album under the Wondaland Arts Society label out of a boarding house she was living in at the time. There are fewer than 500 physical copies in existence.
 Spark Large is the first release by Swedish indie rock band Marching Band. The scheduled release date was 5 August 2008 by U & L Records.
 Three into One is the first compilation album from the band Ultravox released in 1979 in the USA[citation needed] and in June 1980 in the UK.
 Living Thing is the fourth album by Peter Bjorn and John (not including their instrumental Seaside Rock project) released on March 30 2009 in the UK and March 31 in the US. Much darker and more experimental than their previous album Writer's Block Living Thing expands the sound of the group by taking more cues from hip-hop and electronic music. Three singles were eventually released from the album: Nothing To Worry About 'It Don't Move Me and Lay It Down.
 BC13 is Brokencyde's debut EP.
 Zion is the third studio album by Australian contemporary Christian and alternative rock band Hillsong United. Production for the album began in March 2011 in Sydney Australia. The album was released on 22 February 2013 for Australia and 26 February Internationally. The album is available in standard and Deluxe Edition (CD + DVD) plus digital.
 The Fragile Art of Existence is the first album by Control Denied. It was released world-wide on Nuclear Blast America in 1999. Metal Mind Productions reissued the album on April 15 2008 (February 11 2008 in Europe). The release was limited to 2000 copies digitally remastered using 24-bit process on golden disc. The album was also rereleased in 2010 by Relapse Records available in 2 disc and 3 disc editions.
 Ryan Belhsen is the second album released by Moroccan pop singer Ryan Belhsen. It was released October 10 2010 in his home city Larache.
 The Essential Dragon is a compilation album by the Dragon released in 2007.
 Milano Strut is an album by American jazz pianist Don Pullen featuring drummer/percussionist Don Moye recorded in 1978 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 Señores Aquí está un llanero is the name of a 33-RPM LP album by Venezuelan llanero singer Ángel Custodio Loyola and the group Los Guariqueños.
 Greatest Hits 1987–1999 is a 2003 compilation album by Australian singer Kylie Minogue. The album was a budget release released only in Australia during the same month as Minogue's ninth studio album Body Language. The track list is an extension of her 1992 Greatest Hits compilation adding the singles released during the Deconstruction period (1994–1999).
 Amber released by Warp Records in 1994 is the second full-length album by the electronic music group Autechre. Amber has a more ambient less percussion-based sound compared to Autechre's first release Incunabula.The sleeve is designed by the Sheffield based design agency The Designers Republic. The cover image is a photograph taken by Nick Meers depicting rock formations in Cappadocia Turkey.
 Of Someday Shambles is the second studio album by Australian alternative rock band Jebediah and was released in Australia on 3 October 2000 on Murmur Records.
 Breakaway is the second solo album by Art Garfunkel. It was released in 1975 on Columbia Records. It was produced by Richard Perry who has produced albums for other artists such as Carly Simon. It includes three Top 40 singles: I Only Have Eyes For You (US #18 UK #1) Break Away (US #39) and the Simon And Garfunkel reunion duet My Little Town which peaked at #9. I Only Have Eyes For You is noted also for being Garfunkel's first #1 single in the UK.
 X Raisons is the second album from the French hip-hop group Saian Supa Crew released in 2001. The album's international version was promoted by Roots Manuva and Brand Nubian.
 DEVO Live 1980 is a DualDisc release (and technically the fourth DVD release) by pioneering New Wave/Alternative rock band Devo.The release documents a performance by the influential quintet during their Freedom of Choice tour when the band was gaining mainstream success on the strength of the Freedom of Choice album and their first major hit single Whip It.
 Living Very Happily (Chinese: 原來過得很快樂) is Cantopop artist Miriam Yeung's (Chinese: 楊千嬅) fourteenth Cantonese studio album. It was released by Amusic on 16 October 2009.The album includes eleven new songs. The second edition of the album came out on 2 December 2009. The second album includes a DVD with three music videos.
 Frenzy is a 1979 album by New Zealand New Wave band Split Enz. The album like much of the band's work featured mainly Tim Finn compositions.
 Flight of the Blue Jay is an album by Paul Motian released on the German Winter & Winter label in 1997 and featuring performances of bebop jazz standards by Motian with the Electric Bebop Band. The album is the group's third release following the 1992 album Paul Motian and the Electric Bebop Band and the 1995 album Reincarnation of a Love Bird.
 The Return of the Repressed: The John Fahey Anthology is a compilation album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey released in 1994. Fahey's career health and personal life had been in decline. The release of The Return of the Repressed along with an article in Spin magazine by Byron Coley served to provide a renewal of his career.
 Northern Failures is an album by Cable released in 2001 by Hydra Head Records. The album was produced by Steve Austin of Today Is The Day the first of three releases he would produce for the group and the band's last record for Hydra Head Records. Can't You See is Marshall Tucker Band cover. According to drummer Vic Szalaj much of the album from its title to the lyrics were inspired by a 10 day trip he and bassist/vocalist Randy Larsen took to the White Mountains in New Hampshire.
 Live in Houston 1981: The Escape Tour is a live DVD/CD package by the American rock band Journey released in November 2005.
 Time's Up is the second and last album by the American emcee K-Solo.
 Jewel is Beni's sixth studio album and third original album under the mononym Beni released through Nayutawave Records. It was released on December 8 2010.
 Mercy is the second album by the Burden Brothers which was released on October 31 2006 by Kirtland Records.The album was released 2 weeks earlier on October 17 in digital format on iTunes and other download sites.
 The Terror State is the fourth full length album by Pittsburgh punk rock natives Anti-Flag; released October 21 2003 on the independent label Fat Wreck Chords. The album's artwork was regarded as somewhat controversial (Picturing lead vocalist Justin Sane's niece Rachel amongst rubble holding an automatic handgun) and the band was forced to create an alternate version (which was simply all black with the Terror State logo centered).
 Songs of Yore is the fifth studio album by the worldwide musical project Folkearth. It is Folkearth's first acoustic album. Many acoustic instruments were used for the recordings. some instruments used were acoustic guitars cellos celtic harps violins accordions whistles flutes bodrans mandolins banjos clarinets galician bagpipes soprano recorders and recorders.
 The Recordings of the Middle East is the first extended play released by Australian folk band The Middle East on Spunk Records. The band released the EP in Australia on October 27 2009 and then in the United States on June 8 2010. The Middle East made the album available to download from their Myspace page on October 27 2009.
 Bring the Lions Out released on July 1 2008 is the second album by indie pop band melpo mene. Produced by Imperial Recordings two singles were released Snakes and Lions and I Adore You the latter of which was used in a 2008 Volvo commercial.
 Wired-up is a rock compilation album released in 2002. It was also released as Supercharged.
 Nice Feelin’ is the second album by Rita Coolidge. The backing band was The Dixie Flyers.
 Iraj is the debut album from Sri Lankan producer Iraj Weeraratne.
 Live at The Fillmore Auditorium is a live DVD concert of the band Widespread Panic filmed at The Fillmore Auditorium in Denver CO between February 10–12 2012.
 Hotel Vast Horizon is the ninth album by singer-songwriter and guitarist Chris Whitley. It is his seventh studio album.It was produced by Heiko Schramm Chris Whitley Matthias Macht and Edgar M. Röthig. The album was recorded by Röthig at Helicopter Studio in Dresden Germany. Breaking Your Fall won Best Folk/Singer-Songwriter Song at the 3rd Annual Independent Music Awards.
 Hey Everybody is the Brazilian edition best of album by Jennifer Love Hewitt released in late 2007.The album features songs from Hewitt's albums Let's Go Bang (1995) Jennifer Love Hewitt (1996) and BareNaked (2002). It also comprises the theme songs from the films I Still Know What You Did Last Summer and The Hunchback of Notre Dame II. The compilation also features an acoustic version of Hewitt's biggest hit Can I Go Now.
 Syncro System is a 1983 album by Nigerian jùjú band King Sunny Adé And His African Beats. The album peaked at #91 on Billboard's Pop Albums chart. It was the second of King Sunny Adé's three releases for Island Records following on the heels of 1982's Juju Music but was not as critically well-received as the first. The album was re-released in 1990 under the variant spelling Synchro System.
 The Lines Are Open is the second and final album by The Arrows released in 1985. Producer David Tyson was again nominated for the Juno Award for Producer of the Year for his work on this album.The album title is a line from the last song titled Hampton Avenue. Overall the album has a more serious tone than the previous one and musically it features a number of tracks with a horn section.
 People's Instinctive Travels and the Paths of Rhythm is the debut album by the alternative hip hop group A Tribe Called Quest released April 17 1990 (see 1990 in music) on Jive Records. Though the album was well-received critically it had little mainstream appeal. The album did earn the band a devoted following however within the alternative hip hop community.
 Sinatra Swings (alternately titled Swing Along with Me) is an album by Frank Sinatra released in 1961.The album's two titles derive from the fact that Capitol thought this album originally titled Swing Along With Me was so close in sound and title to Sinatra's earlier Capitol album Come Swing with Me! that the label sought and was granted a court order requiring Reprise to change the title of this only his second Reprise album to Sinatra Swings.
 Action-Refraction is the 10th album by bassist Ben Allison. It was released on the Palmetto Records label in 2011. It's his first album to focus on the compositions of others.
 The Best of UFO (1974–1983) is a greatest hits collection by the British hard rock band UFO released in 2008. All songs were digitally remastered in 2007 and 2008.
 Perfectly Imperfect is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Elle Varner which was released on August 7 2012 under RCA and MBK Entertainment. Recording sessions for the album took place at Jungle City Studios in New York City Soulstar Studios in Brooklyn Larrabee Sound Studio in North Hollywood and Skip Saylor Studios in Northridge California.
 You Kill Me is an EP by the Canadian punk rock band NoMeansNo. It was later released on CD with 1986's Sex Mad album.
 Metropolis Rescore is a soundtrack by The New Pollutants for the silent film Metropolis. The soundtrack is for the 118-minute digitally restored version which was released in 2002 by the F.W. Murnau Foundation and Kino International. In 2004 The New Pollutants composed and produced the new soundtrack and premiered it live at the 2005 Adelaide Film Festival.
 Silverfish Trivia is an album by indie rock singer-songwriter Robert Pollard. It was released April 17 2007 and is a 22-minute seven-song mini-LP.Silverfish Trivia was originally intended as a 12-song album[citation needed]. This original format was abandoned when the files were accidentally leaked to the public[citation needed] to the chagrin of Pollard[citation needed].
 Black Pear Tree is an EP by The Mountain Goats and Kaki King released in 2008 as a vinyl only and tour only EP. Track 6's title is a reference to Super Mario Bros.
 Luihin ja ytimiin is Mokoma's sixth album. It was released 2007. Luihin ja ytimiin is not as Death metal as their previous effort Kuoleman laulukunnaat. The album was released in three different versions. Besides normal digipak-edition there was limited edition which had photographycollage made by Joonas Brandt. It also had interview about the album by vocalist Marko Annala and guitarist Tuomo Saikkonen and music video of Nujerra ihminen.
 Master of the Art is a live album led by trumpter Woody Shaw which was recorded in New York City on 25 February 1982 at the Jazz Forum and released on the Elektra/Musician label. Night Music (Woody Shaw album) was recorded at the same appearance and date.
 Count Our Numbers is an EP by Champion. It was released in 2002 on Bridge 9 Records. Bridge 9 later released this EP with Come Out Swinging as the Time Slips Away album.
 Blue Sky – Night Thunder is the fourth album by American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey and is considered one of the seminal albums of his career. Released in 1975 it produced two major hit singles—the platinum-certified Wildfire and Carolina in the Pines—and established him as a major force in popular music. Members of the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band provided backing on some of the tracks.
 Now: The Hits of Spring 2009 is the 26th album in the Australian Now! series.
 You Deliver Me is Selah's seventh studio album. It features an already hit cover of Hillsongs Hosanna. The album was released August 25 2009.
 Live at House of Blues New Orleans is a live album and DVD released by the band Better Than Ezra on September 28 2004 as their third album only live album and their only on Sanctuary Records. The album and DVD were recorded and filmed at two separate shows at the House of Blues in New Orleans during the summer of 2004 and have different track listings. The DVD is longer as it has eight tracks not available on the CD.
 Home is the second album by the Irish rock band Hothouse Flowers. Released in 1990 via London Records it reached number 2 on the UK Albums Chart and spent 1 week at number 1 on the Australian charts. The band did an extended tour in Australia and had built up a significant following there which may have contributed to their success in the charts. Two singles from the album charted in the United Kingdom: Give It Up (#30) and I Can See Clearly Now (#23).
 The Best of The Byrds: Greatest Hits Volume II is the third greatest hits album by the American rock band The Byrds but only the second to be released in the United States since the earlier The Byrds' Greatest Hits Volume II had only been issued in the UK. The album was released in the U.S. by Columbia Records on November 10 1972 (see 1972 in music) in lieu of any new Byrds' product during that year.
 Underneath the Laughter is a 1993 Leæther Strip album released by Zoth Ommog Records (CD ZOT 103).
 Dave van Ronk presents Peter and the Wolf with Uncle Moose and the Kazoo-O-Phonic Jug Band is a 1990 album by Dave Van Ronk.
 How I Do is the first studio album by R&B singer Res. It was released on 26 June 2001 and spent nine weeks on the Billboard 200 chart with the singles Golden Boys and They-Say Vision also charting.
 Year of the Dog... Again is the sixth studio album released by American rapper DMX. It was released on August 1 2006. The first singles released from the album were We in Here and Lord Give Me a Sign.The album debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 chart and number one on the Rap Charts with 125000 copies sold. It was DMX's first album to not debut at number one on the Billboard 200. As of 2011 the album has sold 344000 copies according to Nielsen Soundscan.
 One of a Kind is an album by the British band Bruford. It was released in 1979 and is a collection of progressive melodies with much jazz exploration in style that can be defined within the limits of jazz fusion. It is also considered a classic in instrumental rock. The group led by drummer Bill Bruford features guitarist Allan Holdsworth bassist Jeff Berlin and keyboardist Dave Stewart.
 Crooked Lines is the fifth album by Corrinne May released in 2012 four years after her previous release Beautiful Seed. May went on a four-year hiatus to nurture her daughter who was a source of inspiration for the album.
 The Collective is the self-titled debut mini album by Australian boy band The Collective released on 14 December 2012 by Sony Music Australia. After finishing third in the fourth series of The X Factor in 2012 The Collective began recording the album in Melbourne. The album contains their debut single Surrender recorded versions of six songs they performed on The X Factor and a cover of Wham!'s Last Christmas.
 Red Garland at the Prelude is a live album by American pianist composer and bandleader Red Garland which was recorded in 1959 and released on the Prestige label. The album was recorded at the Prelude Club at the same concert that produced Lil' Darlin' and Red Garland Live!.
 Classics II is the eighth studio album by Canadian country music artist George Canyon. It was released on November 20 2012 by Reiny Dawg and distributed by Universal Music Canada.
 Where You Are and Where You Want to Be is an On the Might of Princes album that was released on Creep Records in 2001 and reissued March 19 2002 by Traffic Violation Records. A remastered edition with bonus tracks was released as a split-label release by Eugenics Record Label and Rok Lok Records January 16 2007.
 Life Is Beautiful is an album released by Tony Bennett in 1975. It was named after the song written by Fred Astaire. The album was the first project of Bennett's own Improv label. The album was Bennett's tribute to the American songbook featuring songs of Cole Porter Richard Rogers Irving Berlin and others. The pianist Torrie Zito wrote new arrangements for Bennett's large session orchestra.
 Fall Back Open is the second album by Athens-based indie rock band Now It's Overhead. It was released March 9 2004 on Saddle Creek Records.
 John Denver's Greatest Hits Volume 2 is a compilation album by American singer-songwriter John Denver released in 1977. The single released from this album is My Sweet Lady. It peaked at #13 on the adult contemporary chart #32 on the pop chart and #62 on the country chart in the United States.
 The Ecleftic: 2 Sides II a Book is the second studio album released by American hip hop musician Wyclef Jean. It was certified platinum in the UK in 2001.
 Narcotango vol. 2 is a studio album by Argentine Carlos Libedinsky.
 Myths & Legends of Kamelot is a bootleg by American progressive/power metal band Kamelot.The a bootleg and was released on August 13 2007 on SPV GmbH. All tracks are b-sides that the band has released since Khan's first album with the band Siége Perilous up until the band's eighth album Ghost Opera.
 American Story is the fifth album by Bearfoot released in 2011. Between the release of the previous album Doors and Windows and the release of American Story the band went through a line-up change. Long-term members Kate Hamre and Mike Mickelson left along with lead singer Odessa Jorgensen and new members Nora Jane Struthers Todd Grebe and P.J. George joined the band.
 Remix Romance Vol. 1 is a remix compilation album by Sally Shapiro. It collects previously existing and newly minted versions of tracks from Disco Romance including those produced by Holy Fuck Jon Brooks Junior Boys The Juan MacLean Lindstrøm Skatebård and Tensnake.Some tracks feature the addition of live instruments most notably on The Cansecos' version of Hold Me So Tight.
 Best of Berlin 1979-1988 is a greatest hits compilation for Berlin released in 1988.
 Fried is the second solo album by Julian Cope.
 Blues License is Renée Geyer's eighth solo album release and is unique in her soul/R&B catalogue in that this is a straightforward blues/rock album. The Kevin Borich Express is featured on five of the eihjy tracks and receives equal accreditation on the back sleeve.
 Brighter/Later: A Duncan Sheik Anthology is a compilation album by American singer-songwriter Duncan Sheik. It was released on Rhino Records in 2006.
 Fitz and the Dizzyspells is the fifth EP by American singer-songwriter Andrew Bird released on May 11 2009. See the Enemy is a reworked version of the song Anonanimal and Ten-You-Us is an alternate version of Tenuousness both from the album Noble Beast.
 British Lions is the 1977 eponymous debut album by British Lions the band consisting mainly of members of Mott—Morgan Fisher Ray Major Pete Overend Watts and Dale Griffin—alongside singer/guitarist John Fiddler previously of Medicine Head. It was released on the Vertigo label in the UK and the RSO label in the United States.One More Chance to Run was covered by Joe Elliott's Down 'n' Outz on their 2010 album My ReGeneration.
 Alive at the Fucker Club is a live album by Melvins which was released in 1998 through Amphetamine Reptile Records. Recorded live August 23 1997 at the Corner Hotel in Richmond Melbourne Australia.
 Selection Best Album is the third greatest hits album by Japanese J-pop band Day After Tomorrow.
 Take It from Me is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Terry Gibbs featuring performances recorded in 1964 for the Impulse! label.
 In My Wildest Dreams is the debut album of American country music artist Kenny Chesney released in 1994 on Capricorn Records. The title track was previously recorded by Aaron Tippin on his 1990 debut album You've Got to Stand for Something while I Want My Rib Back was previously recorded by Keith Whitley on his album Kentucky Bluebird.This album produced two chart singles for Chesney in 1994 on the Billboard country charts: Whatever It Takes at number 59 and The Tin Man at number 70.
 Presenting Dionne Warwick is the debut album by American singer singer Dionne Warwick released in 1963 on the Scepter label. It was produced by Burt Bacharach and Hal David.
 Germicide is an album by the punk rock band the Germs. Performing live at the Whisky a Go Go in 1977 Darby Crash and the Germs were at the beginning of their career. At this time Crash performed using the name Bobby Pyn. Darby and the audience feud constantly throughout the show.
 The World That Summer (or The Wörld Thät Sümmer as it appears on the album packaging) is an album by Death In June released in 1986.Originally recorded between 1985 and 1986 and previously available only on LP format The World That Summer was reissued on CD digipack packaging complete with varnished cover artwork and a booklet with photos and lyrics in 2000.Douglas P. is accompanied on this album by David Tibet (as Christ'777') and Andrea James (part of the duo 'Somewhere in Europe').
 This article is about the 1980 album by Jean-Pierre Ferland. For his 1971 album which is also known as Jean-Pierre Ferland see Soleil (Jean-Pierre Ferland album).Jean-Pierre Ferland is a self-titled album by Jean-Pierre Ferland released in 1980.
 angL is the second full length solo album of Emperor frontman Ihsahn. Writing began in early 2007 after Ihsahn had completed touring with Emperor. The album was recorded around December 2007 and released on May 26 2008.
 Nu ABO (Korean: Nu 예삐오; Nu Yeppioh) is the first K-Pop extended play recorded by the Korean-Chinese idol artist girl group f(x). It was released digitally on May 4 2010 in South Korea under the record label of S.M. Entertainment and distribution label of KMP Holdings. The group made its first promotional performance on May 7th episode of Music Bank.
 Catch! is the first studio album by Japanese singer Tsuji Shion.
 It's About Time is an album recorded under the label Label Bleu and features George Russell with his Living Time Orchestra. This album was released on February 25 1997.
 Imperial Cheerleader is the third of three albums by Canadian songwriter Michael Kulas.
 Where Is My Castle is the fourteenth studio album by American country music artist Connie Smith. The album was released in January 1971 on RCA Victor Records and was produced by Bob Ferguson. The album's title track became a major hit in 1971 peaking in the Billboard Country Top 20.
 Silver Lining is the fourteenth album by Bonnie Raitt released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).
 Thirty Years of Maximum R&B is a box set by British rock band The Who released by Polydor Records internationally and by MCA Records in the US; since 2003 it has been issued in America by Geffen Records. The set consists of four CDs that spans The Who's career from their early days when they were known as The High Numbers to their 1991 cover of Elton John's Saturday Night's Alright for Fighting.
 Stunts Blunts and Hip Hop is the debut album from hip hop producer-emcee Diamond D released in 1992. The album features some of the earliest appearances from Diamond's later D.I.T.C. partners Big L and Fat Joe as well as his crew the Psychotic Neurotics. Although Diamond D handles the majority of the album's production other popular beat makers such as Large Professor Q-Tip Jazzy Jay Showbiz and DJ Mark the 45 King co-produce on several tracks.
 Princess is a 7 single by Sebadoh released in 1996. It was only available by mail-order.A re-recorded version of Princess entitled Prince-S would later appear on the album Harmacy.
 Savoir aimer is a 1997 album recorded by French singer Florent Pagny. It was his fifth album oversall and was released on 1 November 1997. It achieved huge success in France and Belgium (Wallonia) where it remained charted respectively for 84 and 64 weeks including two weeks atop. To date it is Pagny's best-selling album with over 15 million copies sold.
 The Best of the Waitresses is a compilation album released by The Waitresses in 1990 with the catalogue number 847 249-2.
 ...Sing for Very Important People is a 1970 album by The Free Design. It was the band's fifth album. The album was a children's album inspired in part by Peter Paul and Mary's album Peter Paul and Mommy of the previous year.[citation needed] ...Sing for Very Important People included a combination of original songs covers and a number of songs that had appeared on the band's previous albums: Bubbles Daniel Dolphin and Kites Are Fun.
 Hooray for Bix! is an album by American jazz guitarist Marty Grosz and his Honorus Causa Jazz Band featuring compositions associated with legendary cornetist Bix Beiderbecke recorded in 1957 for the Riverside label.
 Warchest is a box set from the American heavy metal band Megadeth. Warchest features five discs (4 CD + DVD) and features studio tracks demos and live recordings of a number of the band's songs from its first ten studio albums and rarities EP.
 This Fragile Moment is a little-known album within Toyah Willcox's discography that comprises experimental songs derived largely from live-in-the-studio group improvisations. The other musicians are bassist Chris Wong (of Toyah's other band project The Humans which includes Bill Rieflin and occasional member Robert Fripp) producer & touch guitarist Markus Reuter plus the members of Estonian duo Fragile: Arvo Urb (drums) and Robert Jürjendal (guitar).
 Paid tha Cost to Be da Boss is the sixth studio album from rapper Snoop Dogg released in 2002. The album has been certified Platinum by the RIAA and has sold over 1300000 copies worldwide.There were two singles releases that were followed by videos for TV promotion. Although both From tha Chuuuch to da Palace and Beautiful feature Pharrell he was only featured in the latter video shoot that took place in Brazil.
 Cover Yourself is Blues Traveler's ninth album. It contains previously released songs reworked with acoustic instrumentation and for some songs different arrangements from the originals.
 Xerrox Vol.1	is an album in by German electronic artist Alva Noto.
 KKKill the Fetus is the third studio album by Esham. Released in 1993 the album's lyrics focus on subjects such as abortion and murder. The album which has been cited as an iconic horrorcore album has been praised for its genre-defining production and lyrics. The single Sunshine received very heavy radio play nationally. The music video for HeltersKKKelter was featured on an episode of Yo! MTV Raps in 1994.
 Red Sea is an album by Augustus Pablo released in 1998 containing material recorded between 1970 and 1973 and was produced by Herman Chin Loy. The music on the album is among the earliest instances of Pablo's revolutionary use of the melodica as a viable musical instrument. Chin Loy is often credited as being an influential figure in the discovery and nurturing of Pablo's talent.
 Miss World is a 2002 EP released by Norwegian electronic band Flunk on Beatservice Records. The EP was only released on vinyl.
 The Return of Koerner Ray and Glover is an album by Koerner Ray & Glover released in 1965. It was their last recording for Elektra and it would be seven years before the trio's next release.Koerner appeared at the 1965 Newport Folk Festival accompanied by Glover one of the few times the two performed without Dave Ray.The Return of Koerner Ray and Glover was reissued by Red House Records in 1999.
 Anticon Label Sampler: 1999-2004 is a compilation album released by American indie hip hop record label Anticon in 2004.
 Quimica Perfecta is the third studio album by Magnate y Valentino released on September 22 2009.
 Jackassolantern is the sixth live album released by the Athens GA based band Widespread Panic. The album was recorded during various Halloween shows that the band has performed. It was released on September 28 2004 and was the third of three live releases in 2004 by the band. The album is composed of cover songs that the band has performed. The album was released both on CD and as a limited-edition vinyl record.The album reached a peak position of #169 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Put a Little Love in Your Heart is an LP album by Jackie DeShannon released by Imperial Records under catalog number LP-12442 as a stereo recording in 1969.
 Empty Hands and Heavy Hearts is the second full-length album by Texas melodic hardcore band Close Your Eyes released on October 24 2011 through Victory Records. It is the band's last album to feature lead vocalist Shane Raymond.
 Singers (styled SINGERS) is an album by Mount Eerie.
 Woodson is the first non-single release by Kansas City Missouri band The Get Up Kids. It was recorded at Red House Studios in Eudora Kansas in November 1996. The album was originally released on Contrast Records shortly before the band was signed to a two-record deal on Doghouse Records. The album was the first to be produced by Ed Rose who would go on collaborate several other times with the band in the future.
 Didn't See Me Coming is R&B singer Keith Sweat's seventh studio album released in 2000 on Elektra Records.
 Reformation 1 is a box set by VNV Nation that was released on April 24 2009 in Europe and May 12 2009 in North Americacontaining; a 12 track live CD a 13 track Bonus Disc of remixes and previously unreleased material and a DVD with 8 videos of live footage recorded from 2005 - 2008. Only 18000 copies were released worldwide.It charted at no. 48 in the mainstream German album charts.
 On this album Bill Kirchen treads where country music finds its origins in blues and bluegrass and in the Western Swing of Texas and California honky tonks.He is joined by Nick Lowe Austin de Lone and The Impossible Birds (Geraint Watkins Robert Trehern) and their influence is very much in evidence. The title track is a loving tribute to the Fender Telecaster guitar Kirchen's guitar of choice.
 Actionable Offenses: Indecent Phonograph Recordings from the 1890s is a compilation of jokes and stories recorded to wax cylinders during the 1890s. At the time the recordings were made they were considered indecent and nearly all similar recordings from this era have been destroyed often by law. The compilation was assembled by Patrick Feaster and David Giovannoni and released on Archeophone Records an archival reissue label in 2007. It received two Grammy Award nominations.
 Randy Newman Live is a live album by American singer Randy Newman. It is one of only two official live recordings he has released (the other was 2011's Live in London.) The album was recorded over three evenings between September 17 and 19 1970 at the Bitter End New York.Originally intended as a radio promo recording to gain publicity it is just over 28 minutes in length.
 Drunk on the Pope's Blood/The Agony Is the Ecstacy is a split compilation EP by the post-punk acts The Birthday Party and Lydia Lunch released on February 18 1982 through 4AD. It contains live material from a show performed on November 26 1981 at The Venue in London.
 B'z Live-Gym 2006 Monster's Garage is the sixth live VHS/DVD released by Japanese rock duo B'z. It features live footage of the Monster Live-Gym 2006 one of their famous Live Gyms. On December 22 2010 the first two discs were re-released in Blu-ray. The Blu-ray release also contain the documentary disc but still in DVD.
 How Men Are is the third album by the English synthpop group Heaven 17 released in September 1984 by Virgin Records.
 Daniel 李吉漢 is the self-titled debut album released by the winner of Malaysian Idol 2 Daniel Lee Chee Hun.
 For You is an EP by Dutch girl group Luv' released in September 1989 by Dureco/High Fashion records. It was recorded by a formation different from the original line-up (the only original member being Marga Scheide).It includes the moderate hit song Welcome to My party as well as other singles: I Don't Wanna Be Lonely Girl Like Me and Hit-Medley. For You marked the group's comeback after its break-up in 1981.
 Insinity is the third studio album by Brazilian hard rock band Dr. Sin released in 1997.
 Wild and Peaceful is the debut album by Teena Marie released in 1979 on Motown and featuring significant contributions from Rick James. He provided co-vocals on I'm a Sucker for Your Love.Wild and Peaceful peaked at #18 on the Black Albums chart and #94 on the Billboard Albums chart. The lead single I'm a Sucker for Your Love reached #8 on the US Black Singles chart and #43 in the UK.
 Ray Bryant Trio is a 1956 album by jazz pianist Ray Bryant. Also playing on the album are drummer Specs Wright and bassist Ike Isaacs. The album was released on April 5 1957 (Prestige 7098).
 Only Cunts Don't Fear the Rain is the ninth official album by SCH. It is a compilation of unreleased punk and rock compositions made during the period 1983-1993 never considered as the main SCH repertoire. Selvedin Avdić in Start BiH states: This album is a reminder of the war path and battles fought by that most persistent of underground warriors and equally essential listening for any young fans unaware of SCH’s pre-digital past.
 The Changing of Times is the third album by American metalcore band Underoath. The album was released on February 26 2002 through Solid State Records. It is the last Underoath recording to feature vocalist Dallas Taylor and guitarist Octavio Fernandez but is the first to include guitarist Timothy McTague. The album is the best-selling Solid State debut.
 Follow the Flock Step in Shit is the second studio recording by The Locust. The EP consists of the two tracks that appeared on the split 5 picture disc with Jenny Piccolo as well as the track Red from the Cry Now Cry Later Vol. 4 compilation album. The EP came on a 3 square CD.
 Dinner Time is the debut album by Boot Camp Clik member Louieville Sluggah. It was released in 2007.
 Le Passage is the name of the second studio album recorded by French singer Jenifer Bartoli. It was released on June 1 2004 and contains the hit singles Ma Révolution and Le Souvenir de ce jour. It became a top three album in France and Belgium (Wallonia). Famous artists such as Marc Levy Calogero and Kyo participated in the writing of the record.This album allowed Jenifer to be awarded 'Best French Artist' at the MTV Europe Music Awards on November 18 2004.
 Say Africa is the seventh studio album by South African musician Vusi Mahlasela. The album was produced by Taj Mahal with the basic tracks were recorded in Dave Matthews' studio and completed in Johannesburg. Mahlasela performs duets with Taj Mahal and Angelique Kidjo on the album. Say Africa was released in South Africa in late 2010 and is scheduled for international release on 18 January 2011.
 Keep It Hood is an EP by rapper MC Eiht. It was released on January 4 2013. The entire EP was produced by Austrian producer Brenk Sinatra and features scratches from DJ Premier.
 All Good Things is an album from Norwegian singer Sissel Kyrkjebø. It was released in Norway in the year 2000 2001 in many other countries and 2002 in the United Kingdom. A re-recording of many of the album's songs as well as some new ones is included in her self-titled 2002 USA release Sissel. The Japanese release contains a bonus track: He's a Lot.
 Beautiful Ballads & Love Songs is Barry Manilow's 38th album release a compilation album featuring his greatest ballads and love songs.
 Spooky Lady's Sideshow is the fifth solo album by Kris Kristofferson released in 1974 on Monument Records. It was preceded and followed by duet albums with his wife Rita Coolidge. It was recorded shortly after Kristofferson's appearance in the movie Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid. The album mostly consists of songs about decline due to alcohol and drug abuse.
 Yesterday Went Too Soon is the second full-length album by the British rock band Feeder. It was released on August 30 1999 on The Echo Label.The album entered the UK charts at #8 after a decent amount of critical success. The title track gave them their first top 20 single and would in total give the band 4 top 50 hits.
 Back on the Streets is the debut album by American rock singer/guitarist Donnie Iris released in 1980. The single Ah! Leah! was a moderate hit for Iris reaching #29 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart and #19 on the U.S. Billboard Top Tracks chart.
 Dobro jutro to sam ja (trans. Good Morning It's Me) is the thirteenth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Galija released in 2005.
 Pretty Things is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label featuring Donaldson with Blue Mitchell Leon Spencer Ted Dunbar and Idris Muhammad and one track with Lonnie Smith and Melvin Sparks replacing Spencer & Dunbar and Jimmy Lewis added.The album was awarded 2 stars in an Allmusic review by Scott Yanow who states Lou Donaldson has recorded many strong sessions throughout his career but this CD reissue brings back one of the less-significant ones...
 Eddie Old Bob Dick and Gary was the debut album by UK punk rock band Tenpole Tudor. The title is a play on the phrase any old Tom Dick or Harry. A moderately successful seller peaking at #44 in the UK Albums Chart the album launched three singles: Three Bells in a Row Wunderbar and Swords of a Thousand Men. Wunderbar reached #16 on the UK Singles Chart.
 'The Collection' is a budget-priced 3-CD box set by Boney M. released on Sony-BMG featuring a mix of singles album tracks and 12 versions including one song Daddy Cool (Anniversary Recording '86) previously unavailable on CD and a further 17 mixes that are previously unreleased on CD. The tracks are divided into The Seventies (Disc 1) The Eighties (Disc 2) and The Best 12 Versions (Disc 3).
 Uncompromising War on Art Under the Dictatorship of the Proletariat is the fifth album by Killdozer released on March 14 1994 through Touch and Go Records.
 The Place is the 34th album by Jandek and the first of two released in 2003. Released as Corwood Industries #0772 the album continues the style and story-line of the two that preceded it.
 Means By Which The End Is Justified is an EP by metalcore/mathcore band Into the Moat. It was released in 2003 on Lovelost Records.
 Soprano Sax (also released as Soprano Today) is the debut album by Steve Lacy which was released on the Prestige label in 1958. It features performances by Lacy Wynton Kelly Buell Neidlinger and Dennis Charles.
 Peaks & Valleys is the third solo album by Scottish-Australian singer Colin Hay released in 1992. Hay recorded each song in one take.
 Do It Right is the Dove Award-nominated debut from European pop group SHINEmk. It was released in both the US and the UK.
 Under the Radar is the third full length studio album by the hardcore band Grade. It was released by Victory Records on October 12 1999.
 Christmas Chants is a seasonal album by German band Gregorian released in 2006. In 2008 a special edition titled Christmas Chants & Visions was released containing the original CD with two bonus tracks and a DVD. The live concert DVD was filmed in Berlin in December 2007 during Gregorian's Christmas tour.
 Manga (漫画 Manga) are comics created in Japan or by Japanese creators in the Japanese language conforming to a style developed in Japan in the late 19th century. They have a long and complex pre-history in earlier Japanese art.In Japan people of all ages read manga.
 Seeds We Sow is a solo album by American musician and Fleetwood Mac vocalist/guitarist Lindsey Buckingham released on September 6 2011. It is Buckingham's sixth solo album and his first to be self-released.The album entered the Billboard 200 in the week of September 24 2011. By reaching number 45 Seeds We Sow ties with 1984's Go Insane as Buckingham's second successful album after his 1981 debut Law and Order.
 When I Dream is an album by American country music singer Crystal Gayle. Released in 1978 at the height of her career it was her second consecutive #2 Country Album on the Billboard charts. Two singles from the album reached #1 on the Country Singles chart: Talking in Your Sleep (also a Top 20 Pop hit) and Why Have You Left the One You Left Me For.
 Maná Remix is compilation album (Fourteenth overall) set by Latin American Mexican rock band Maná. This compilation album is an exclusive project that Maná did from Mexico.
 Horse and Goat is a 2004 Glitchcore EP by Venetian Snares.The cover by artist Trevor Brown is so explicit that two North American manufacturers refused to print it. A removable false cover (simply a close up on the face of the girl on the cover) then had to be inserted to be sold in stores.
 Come in Out of the Rain may also refer to the 1992 single by American singer Wendy Moten.Come in Out of the Rain is Filipina singer Sheryn Regis' the debut studio album under Star Records released on May 2004 in the Philippines.It was her best selling album up to date which it sold over 40000 copies and cetified as platinum by Philippine Association of the Record Industry.The album produce chart topping singles.The album was made available on digital download thru iTunes Amazon and Mymusicstore.
 Humans Only is the fourth full-length album (1982) by the American electronic band Earthstar. It was their third and final release for Hamburg-based Sky Records (in Germany).Humans Only was result of a partnership between Earthstar founder Craig Wuest and Utica New York-based guitarist and songwriter Dan Hapanowicz (credited as Daniel Happ) who replaced longtime guitarist Dennis Rea on this album.
 The Story of My Life is the fifth studio album released by American country singer/songwriter Deana Carter. The album peaked at #26 on the U.S. Top Country Albums chart and #150 on the Billboard 200. One Day at a Time was released in March 2005 as the lead-off single and entered the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of April 9 2005 at #57.
 Overcast! is Atmosphere's breakthrough EP album released in 1997.
 Before Love Has Gone is a studio album by jazz vocalist Stevie Holland. The album is Holland's sixth and was released by 150 Music on June 24 2008. It was chosen as a Critic's Pick of the Year by USA Today.
 Stone Cold Classics is a compilation album by English rock band Queen released on 11 April 2006 in conjunction with the broadcast of an episode of the U.S. television series American Idol in which contestants performed songs from the Queen catalogue.
 You're Under Arrest is the final album by French singer and songwriter Serge Gainsbourg released in 1987.
 A New Morning Changing Weather is an album by The (International) Noise Conspiracy.
 Paper Canyon is the debut studio album by English post-rock band Codes in the Clouds. It was produced by Justin Lockey and released on Erased Tapes Records in June 2009.
 Wazoo is a live album by Frank Zappa posthumously released on October 30 2007.It is a 2-CD set consisting of the complete concert given by The Mothers of Invention/Hot Rats/Grand Wazoo 20-piece big band on September 24 1972 at the Music Hall Boston Massachusetts United States.
 Golden Era is the debut album by Portuguese pop singer Rita Redshoes released in 2008.
 Rolo Tomassi / Throats Split is a release by the bands Rolo Tomassi and Throats (band) through Hassle Records/Holy Roar.
 The Best of Allan Holdsworth: Against the Clock is a double compilation album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth released on 17 May 2005 through Alternity Records (Japan) and JMS–Cream Records (Europe). Notably the second disc contains predominantly SynthAxe-based compositions which formed the basis of much of Holdsworth's recordings in the late 1980s and 1990s.
 Dead Vent 7 is an album by Single Cell Orchestra. It was released in 1995 on Reflective Records. The album closely resembles a radio drama with a variety of actors voicing the roles of a deep-space military crew involved in an Alien-like space opera. This tale of spaceships an unseen enemy and the participants' eventual demise features narration by Miguel Fierro and friends as well as Fierro's synthesizer-based bleeps drones and rhythms.
 Habits is the debut full-length album by alternative band Neon Trees released on March 16 2010. The album's lead single Animal was featured in several commercials including those for Camp Vegas and has reached #13 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #1 on the Alternative Rock chart. 1983 received a music video the single was released on September 28 2010.
 Killing Ground is the fifteenth full-length studio album by heavy metal band Saxon released in 2001 (see 2001 in music).Killing Ground was also released as a special Digi-pack edition with a bonus disc featuring 8 classics re-recorded tracks which would later appear in Heavy Metal Thunder.The Court of the Crimson King is a King Crimson cover.
 Here I Go Again is the title of the third EP by The Hollies. It was put out by Parlophone in mono with the catalogue number GEP 8915 and released in the UK in October 1964. All songs on this EP were previously released by the Hollies at the time. Side A consisted of covers of R&B songs tracks from the band's debut album Stay with the Hollies while the B-side contained both sides of the Here I Go Again single from May 1964.
 Après is a studio album of mostly French covers by Iggy Pop. It was released on 9 May 2012.
 History Lessens is the second compilation or best of album by British folk metal band Skyclad. Its full title is History Lessens – An Introduction to the Artist.
 Pork Soda is the third studio album by the American rock band Primus released April 20 1993.Pork Soda was certified Gold in September 1993 and certified Platinum in May 1997.The album comes in a digipack and contains a booklet with lyrics printed to nine songs omitting Pork Soda which consists of a series of unintelligible rants. This is also the first of three Primus releases to feature explicit lyrics printed for any of their songs.
 Some Friendly is the debut album by the British alternative rock band The Charlatans released in 1990 (see 1990 in music).Recorded at The Windings near Wrexham Wales in 1990 the sessions proved somewhat fraught - the band fell out with the owners of the studio; it was one of those studio bust-ups ... Rob and Martin were up to their old tricks smashing stuff up and that said singer Tim Burgess later.However lack of songs proved to be the major problem.
 Till Deaf Do Us Part is the ninth album by the British rock group Slade. It was released on 13 November 1981 and reached number 68 on the UK charts.Although not as successful as We'll Bring the House Down this album sold well. The track Lock Up Your Daughters became a staple in Slade concerts. The album itself shown Slade with their heaviest sound.
 Now Esto Es Musica! Latino 3 was released on October 2 2007. Unlike the previous two NOW Latino albums this volume features eighteen tracks rather than twenty and adds songs from the salsa and bachata musical genres.
 Non timor domini non timor malus is the second studio album by the Italian Black ambient/Gothic rock band Militia Christi.
 Induku Zethu is an album by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo. The album (#BL 393) featured the group on the front cover photograph wearing traditional Zulu attire with lead singer and founder Joseph Shabalala out front brandishing a spear (the album's title translated into English is Our Fighting Sticks). The album was released in 1983 and reissued internationally (one of many early Mambazo albums) in 1987 by Shanachie Records.
 Heaven and Hull was the final solo album by Mick Ronson released in 1994 following Ronson's death the previous year. With collaborations by long time friends of Ronson including: David Bowie Joe Elliott and Ian Hunter. Other artists include: Peter Noone Martin Chambers and Chrissie Hynde Phil Collen and John Mellencamp. The All the Young Dudes track on Heaven and Hull is from the Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert where Ronson himself was suffering from cancer.
 Worlds Away is a 1990 album by Crumbächer-Duke. After Crumbächer broke up Stephen Crumbächer and Christopher Duke recorded this album together.
 14 Diamonds is a compilation album by the Finnish power metal band Stratovarius. It was only released in Japan.
 Gary Moore (MCA VIM-4084) is a 1982 compilation album by Gary Moore. It was originally released in Japan comprising a mixture of tracks from Back On The Streets and songs from his time in Jon Hiseman's Colosseum II.
 The Land off Spirit and Light is an album by American violinist and composer Michael White featuring performances recorded in 1973 and released on the Impulse! label.
 Wonder What's Next is the second album and major label debut of American alternative metal band Chevelle released in 2002 by Epic Records. With hit singles The Red and Send the Pain Below it proved to be Chevelle's breakthrough album landing them high profile tour slots including the Main Stage of Ozzfest 2003. Having sold over 1 million copies Wonder What's Next remains the band's most successful album.
 Zurück (Honey019) is a retrospective enhanced EP by Norwegian band Serena Maneesh from the period 1999 to 2003. Zurück and Sehnsucht are German words respectively for back and desire.
 Forever Lost is the second studio album by Norwegian recording artist A-Lee released on October 5 2012 in Norway on EE Records and Columbia/Sony Music Norway. A-Lee worked with producers Ground Rules Martin K Bernt Rune Stray BPM Thomas Eriksen Slipmats and The Products. The original album tracklist features Aleksander With Elisabeth Carew and Marcus Only.The album contains the chart hits The One and World So Cold which reached No. 7 and No.
 FabricLive.19 is a DJ mix compilation album by The Freestylers as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Quiet Exit is the 2006 debut album of Norwegian singer-songwriter Elvira Nikolaisen. The album contains twelve songs written by Nikolaisen. The album sold over fifty thousand copies in 2006 making it the 14th most sold album in Norway that year.
 Weekend is the third album of R&B singer Kenny Lattimore and the first under new record label Arista Records released in 2001.
 The Kershaw Sessions is an album by Robyn Hitchcock and the Egyptians comprising nineteen titles recorded live between 1985 and 1991. The album was released in 1994.The 'Kershaw' of the title refers to UK radio DJ Andy Kershaw although not all of the sessions were recorded for his show.
 The Heartland Café is an album released by Swedish pop group Gyllene Tider on 17 February 1984. The group's first recorded foray into the English language The Heartland Café was the second album to feature vocalist Marie Fredriksson singing back-up and proved to be a precursor to the Swedish super-duo Roxette which consists of Fredriksson and Gyllene Tider's lead singer Per Gessle. The album peaked at No. 18 on the Swedish albums chart.
 Allo Darlin' is the debut full-length from Allo Darlin'. It was released June 7 2010 on Fortuna Pop!.
 In Rolling Waves is the second studio album from New Zealand post-punk revival band The Naked and Famous. It was released on 13 September 2013 in New Zealand Ireland and Australia 16 September 2013 in the United Kingdom and 17 September 2013 in Canada and the United States. On 23 July 2013 the first single from the album Hearts Like Ours premiered on BBC Radio 1. The video was released on YouTube on 29 July 2013.
 JFC Live! was Jeffries Fan Club's first live album and fifth album.
 Respect the Beat is a 1989 album by New Zealand band Fan Club produced engineered and mixed by Mark S. Berry.
 Hi Fi is an album by Hugh Cornwell released in 2000. All instrumentation is by Hugh Cornwell with appearances from Justin Chapman Michelle Marti Mike Polson Gita Langley Jesse Murphy Rachel Helleur Úna Palliser and John Dominic.The album was released in the US and Europe under the same title but with different artwork an additional version of Gingerbread Girl and two live tracks.
 Small Talk is the debut album by British pop band Twenty Twenty. It was released for pre-order on 7 March 2011 before its general release on 25 April 2011. It charted at 26 in the UK on 9 May 2011. The first single from the album was Love to Life which peaked at number 60 in the UK when released on 17 April 2011.
 City of Angels is an album by the Motown soul group The Miracles released on Motown Records' Tamla label in September 1975. The group's fourth album recorded after replacing lead singer Smokey Robinson with Billy Griffin in 1972 City of Angels is a concept album depicting of a man from Anytown U.S.A. who follows his estranged girlfriend Charlotte to Los Angeles where she has gone in hopes of becoming a star.
 Living with the Past (2002) is a live album by Jethro Tull. Disc one contains material from the Hammersmith Apollo performance on 20 November 2001 and features songs from different eras of Tull's history as well as two pieces from Ian Anderson's solo albums: The Habanero Reel from The Secret Language of Birds and the instrumental In the Grip of Stronger Stuff from Divinities: Twelve Dances with God. Disc two contains earlier recordings.
 This Is How I Feel About Jazz is the 1957 debut album by jazz musician Quincy Jones. It was originally released in 1957 on ABC Records. When it was reissued on CD in the 1990s it was repackaged as an Impulse! Records release the ABC jazz label established by Creed Taylor which did not start releasing records until 1961. The Impulse version has a similar cover to the original shown here but with the addition of the famous impulse! logo.
 O Outro Lado Da Porta (English: The Other Side Of The Door) is DVD by Brazilian emo band Fresno that was released in the Brazil on July 23 2009.
 Gold: Recorded Live at the Troubadour is a live album by singer/songwriter Neil Diamond.
 Summerteeth is the third studio album by the Chicago alternative rock band Wilco. Released through Reprise Records on March 9 1999 the album was heavily influenced lyrically by twentieth century literature as well as singer Jeff Tweedy's marital problems. Unlike previous albums Summerteeth was heavily overdubbed in the studio with Pro Tools.
 Stepping Out is the debut album by Canadian jazz pianist and vocalist Diana Krall released in 1993.
 The Flying Club Cup is the second studio album by Balkan folk-influenced indie folk band Beirut released on October 9 2007 on 4AD Records. The album was pre-released on iTunes on September 4 2007.The album features string arrangements by Arcade Fire contributor Owen Pallett better known by his former stage name Final Fantasy.
 Ain't It the Truth is the third studio album by American country music singer Daryle Singletary. It was released in 1998 via Giant Records. It was led off by the single The Note (previously recorded by Doug Supernaw on 1995's You Still Got Me) which peaked at #28 on the country singles charts that year. The next two singles That's Where You're Wrong and My Baby's Lovin' both missed Top 40 and by the end of the year Singletary exited the label's roster.
 The Christmas Album was the fourteenth album of The Manhattan Transfer released in 1992 on the Columbia Records label. This album was co-produced by Tim Hauser and Johnny Mandel. It features a special guest Tony Bennett who performs on The Christmas Song. The song Good Night is the John Lennon/Paul McCartney classic and is the only Manhattan Transfer recording of a song by The Beatles.
 Will Never Die is the second studio album by American hip hop group Brokencyde released on November 9 2010 through BreakSilence Recordings.
 CeCe Winans is the self-titled studio album by award winning gospel artist CeCe Winans. The album adopted a more urban flair to it with a mixture of Pop R&B and Hip Hop. The album itself did rather well. The single Anybody Wanna Pray included a guest appearance of the Gospel Hip Hop group GRITS. Like many urban gospel projects the album was not without its controversy due to the use of Hip Hop and many other urban genres this has been Winans' most urban album to date.
 The Best of the Art of Noise is the name of a series of compilation albums with songs by the British synthpop band The Art of Noise. The first version was released on the China Records label in November 1988.The Best of the Art of Noise was released with at least ten different track listing variations from 1988 to 1997.
 Deck the Halls Bruise Your Hand is the first Christmas album released by Christian rock band Relient K. It was released in many stores as a combo pack with later copies of their previous full-length album Two Lefts Don't Make a Right...but Three Do.On December 5 2006 the album reached #60 on the iTunes 100 bestselling chart.On October 23 2007 the band re-released this album with seven new songs and the new title of Let it Snow Baby... Let it Reindeer.
 Universe is the second full-length album from the group Dead Brain Cells released in 1989 on Combat Records. The album a concept piece tells of the creation of the universe to the rise of man ending with a possible future scenario.
 Eye Spy is a Demo by Welsh metalcore band Jeff Killed John known today as Bullet for My Valentine. Eye Spy contains two tracks. The first song Eye Spy is actually a demo of the later Hit The Floor off of Bullet for My Valentine's album The Poison. The second song Don't Walk Away is a second version of the one released on their debut EP Better Off Alone
 Timbaland and Magoo: Present is a compilation album released by American hip-hop duo Timbaland & Magoo on March 14 2005. The collection includes a seventeen-track album containing a selection of the duo's singles and favourite tracks as well material from Timbaland's solo album Tim's Bio: Life from da Bassment packaged with a bonus DVD featuring eleven music videos including six of the duo's own video clips plus additional videos by Aaliyah and Justin Timberlake.
 Featuring Paul Gonsalves is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded in 1962 for the Fantasy label. The album features performances highlighting saxophonist Paul Gonsalves.
 Love Zone is the sixth album recorded by R&B singer Billy Ocean. The album includes the hit singles Love Zone and There'll Be Sad Songs (To Make You Cry) as well as When the Going Gets Tough the Tough Get Going which had originally been featured on the soundtrack to the 1985 film The Jewel of the Nile.
 This article describes the 36th album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 36 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 36 or Now 36 was released on 24 March 1997 on audio cassette and Compact Disc. The album is the 36th edition of the (UK) Now! series.
 A Single History: 1991–1997 is a compilation album by Unwound released on Kill Rock Stars. It contains tracks previously released on various 7 singles and multiple-artist compilations. Crab Nebula and Stumbling Block originally appeared on the band's 1991 demo tape. The fourth song is a reference to the U.S. government's secret MK Ultra brainwashing program. The Negated/ Said Serial/ Census 7 was the first-ever release on Troubleman Unlimited Records.
 Ferrari Boyz is a collaborative studio album by American rappers Gucci Mane and Waka Flocka Flame. Originally scheduled for a June 21 2011 release it was delayed and later released on August 9. It features Rocko 2 Chainz 1017 Brick Squad labelmates Wooh da Kid and Frenchie and also Brick Squad Monopoly members Slim Dunkin (now deceased) Ice Burgundy and YG Hootie.
 Rue des cascades (English: Cascade Street) is the second studio album by the musician and composer Yann Tiersen. It was released through Sine Terra Firma in 1996 and subsequently reissued in 1998 2001 and 2009 through Ici d'ailleurs... and Virgin Records in CD and double LP formats.
 The Essential Jefferson Airplane is a compilation of music from the San Francisco rock band Jefferson Airplane spanning its entire career excluding the brief reunion in 1989 (despite that album now being under common ownership with the rest of the band's catalog).It follows their development in more-or-less chronological order from their beginnings in folk-rock through psychedelia to conventional rock genres.
 The Real New Fall LP (Formerly Country on the Click) is an album by The Fall. It was released on Action Records in the United Kingdom in 2003 and then on Narnack Records in the United States with a slightly altered tracklisting in 2004.The subtitle is explained by the fact that the tracks were originally scheduled for release under the title Country on the Click. The tracks were recorded between December 2002 and January 2003 and mixed by Grant Showbiz and Jim Watts in February 2003.
 Absolute is the sixth album released by the Japanese metal band Aion. The album is more power metal and traditional heavy metal than thrash metal a transition slowly seen throughout their releases. Exactly 7 days before the album's release the single Missing came out to promote it. Oddly a promotional video for the single's B-side Killer was made but there was never an official promotional video for any song actually on Absolute.
 Disciples of the 36 Chambers is a live album and concert DVD released in 2004 by the Wu-Tang Clan. The album is styled Chapter 1 and the DVD Chapter 2. It is a slightly edited recording of their set at the 2004 Rock the Bells concert in San Bernardino California. The live set contains many classic hits from the group's albums as well as the individual members' solo albums. All nine original members perform which by the time of this show was an increasingly rare event.
 Sure Love is the title of the second studio album released by American country music artist Hal Ketchum. It was released in 1992 (see 1992 in country music) on Curb Records. The album produced four chart singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.
 Smiling is first studio album by Theresa Fu released on July 23 2008. Her two photo albums Gracious and Sensuous were released on the same date. Its second edition was released on August 15 2008 and included four music videos and footage of her trip to Japan.
 Live at 25 is a live album released by the American hard rock band Steppenwolf in 1995.The recording of Live at 25 took place over multiple dates during the band's 1992 tour. It was the first live album the band had released since 1981's Live in London and the first live recordings released since 1991's Born to Be Wild - A Retrospective compilation album.
 Fireproof is Christian band Pillar's second full length album and their most successful having sold over 300000 copies. It was released in at least three different versions including a Remixed version and a limited Special Edition that came with Pillar's All Day Every Day DVD and a slipcase.
 John David Souther is the self-titled debut album by American singer-songwriter J.D. Souther released in 1972 (see 1972 in music). The song How Long was recorded in 2007 by the Eagles on their album Long Road Out of Eden from which it was released as a single.Souther joined with Chris Hillman and Richie Furay to form the Souther-Hillman-Furay Band after the release of his solo debut. They recorded two albums before Souther returned to his solo career.
 So What is the third album by Joe Walsh released in 1974 (see 1974 in music). It contains hard rock such as Welcome To The Club and a remake of the Barnstorm track Turn To Stone. It also contains more introspective material such as Help Me Through The Night and Song For Emma a tribute to Walsh's daughter who had been killed in a car accident the previous year. On a few tracks Don Henley Glenn Frey and Randy Meisner of the Eagles contributed background vocals.
 Gone to the Moon is an album by British pop rock / new wave band Kajagoogoo. It was recorded in 2007 and early 2008 by the Kaja trio shortly before the original band was officially reunited. The tour for the album featured the entire original band. The album was downloadable on MP3 format for free until February 2009 and released shortly after on CD-R.
 FZ:OZ (pronounced eff-zee oh-zee; in imitation of Aussie) is a live album by Frank Zappa released in 2002 as a two-CD set and is the first release on the Vaulternative Records label from the Zappa Family Trust. It contains almost all of a January 20 1976 concert at the Hordern Pavilion in Sydney Australia.Only one reel-to-reel tape machine was available to record the concert however resulting in gaps in some songs as the tape needed to be changed.
 Resolving Contradictions is an album by British musician Andy Mackay released on Bronze Records in 1978.Andy Mackay was once Roxy Music's saxophonist and some members of the group happen to play on this record. This opus is a concept album with references to the Chinese culture. The cover designed by Jane Mackay figures a sort of post-Cultural Revolution scene. And the sound of most of the numbers relates to what a western world audience could know about Chinese music.
 Face to Face is the sixth album released by R&B singer Evelyn Champagne King on the RCA label in 1983. It was produced by André Cymone Leon Sylvers III Foster Sylvers and Joey Gallo.
 My Molly EP is a 7 vinyl pressing of five songs recorded by Ariel Pink at age 19 one of which is a cover of The Smiths' This Night Has Opened My Eyes. It was released by Tiny Creatures and limited to 1000 copies 100 of which are hand-colored.
 Expurse of Sodomy is an EP released by the German thrash metal band Sodom. Some copies were released as a picture disc.
 On The Beat! is the debut album by British indie band The KBC. The album was released 10 January 2007 in Japan and while currently only available there the band are planning a European release in the summer of 2007 with possible newly recorded tracks and exclusives.
 The Hit Men is a compilation album by The Stranglers.
 Pandemonium (降臨幻術) is the sixteenth studio album by Japanese band Loudness. It was released in 2001 only in Japan. All music is credited to Loudness and all lyrics to Niihara.
 Hell Below/Stars Above is the second album by the Toadies. After Interscope Records rejected the Toadies's first attempt at a second album (otherwise known as the Feeler sessions) Hell Below/Stars Above was a second attempt at a follow-up to their critically acclaimed debut Rubberneck.
 It Was Warm and Sunny When We First Set Out is the second full-length studio album from Vancouver indie rock band In Medias Res. It was produced by Jonathan Anderson a fellow Vancouver indie act who also worked with the band on their previous record as well as duo Dave Carswell and John Collins. Self-released on January 4 2011 the 10-track album was initially only available as a digital download.
 The Crow: New Songs for the 5-String Banjo is a 2009 album by Steve Martin featuring Dolly Parton Vince Gill Earl Scruggs Tim O'Brien Tony Trischka and Mary Black. It contains 15 songs and is the first album focusing on Martin as a musician.
 Høstmørke is the Norwegian black metal band Isengard's second and final album which was released in 1995. The title 'Høstmørke' means Autumn Darkness in English.
 Based on a True Story is the debut album by American R&B singer Lil' Mo.
 Flight Tribe (Chinese: 飛行部落) is Taiwanese Mandopop band F.I.R.'s third Mandarin studio album. It was released on 28 July 2006 by Warner Music Taiwan. It features a collaboration with the American country music singer and Grammy Award winner LeAnn Rimes.
 Changes is Lisa Miskovsky's third album released in 2006.
 On Tour is a live and studio album by American country singer Ernest Tubb released in 1962 (see 1962 in music).
 Kingdom Underground is the second studio album of singer/songwriter Matt Duke and his first major-label record. It was released by Rykodisc in the US on September 22 2008 and featured the single The Father The Son and The Harlot's Ghost.
 Stereo Concert is The Kingston Trio's second live album released in 1959 (see 1959 in music). It was never released in monaural—unusual for a record release in 1959.The original release was issued with the same cover as the group's debut album The Kingston Trio. It was recorded live on December 15 1958 Liberty Hall El Paso TX. Additional material on the expanded CD reissue actually was recorded at the hungry i in San Francisco. The liner notes do not acknowledge this.
 The MegaMix is Lil Suzy's first compilation album launched on 30 November 1999 by the Metropolitan Recording Corporation. Includes several mixes of his hits as well as re-recorded songs in a non-stop mix.The song You're the Only One was released as a single to promote the album. On 5 October 2000 the album was released in Germany under the name of Best of ... (Non-stop Mixed) and was released the same year with an identical track listing.
 Take Time is the fourth release by Gyroscope and was released May 2002. The EP was recorded at Studio Couch in Perth Western Australia and engineered by Shaun O'Callaghan.
 Feedback File 2 (フィードバックファイル 2 Fīdobakku Fairu 2) is the third compilation album by Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation released on February 26 2014. The album consists of B-side tracks from previously released studio singles recordings of live performances tracks from previous Nano-Mugen Compilations and two new songs yet to be released on an album Rolling Stone and Slow Down.
 Down Home Style is an album by American organist Brother Jack McDuff recorded in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Assembly is the fifth studio album by the Norwegian metal band Theatre of Tragedy released in 2002. It continued the group's move from gothic to a more electronic and pop style of music. This style was described as similar to Siouxsie and the Banshees jamming with Ace of Base.Assembly was the last Theatre of Tragedy album featuring the vocals of Liv Kristine.
 Here Comes the Indian is the fourth studio album by Baltimore-based band Animal Collective released on June 17 2003. This was the first album to bear the name Animal Collective; before Indian they had chosen to credit themselves according to who played on each album.Here Comes the Indian is the first release on which all four members of the group perform together although on their previous release Campfire Songs Geologist was present for the recording[citation needed].
 Invictus (Means) Unconquered is an album released by country musician David Allan Coe. It was released in 1981 on Columbia.
 Syriana is the original soundtrack on the RCA Victor label of the 2005 Academy Award- and Golden Globe-winning film Syriana starring Kayvan Novak Matt Damon George Clooney (who won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Bob Barnes in this film) Christopher Plummer Jeffrey Wright and Chris Cooper. The original score and songs were composed by Alexandre Desplat.Desplat's score was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score.
 Gin Lemon is the second extended play by Italian DJ Gigi D'Agostino released in 1997 through BXR / Media Records.
 Matamoros Querido is the first album by Rigo Tovar. It was recorded in Houston Texas. The cover photograph was taken in the museum district of Houston in front of the Mecom Fountains. The album contains two of his most popular songs Matamoros Querido and Lamento de Amor. The album is dedicated to Tovar's hometown of Matamoros Tamaulipas.
 Kaskade is a 2005 album by the German Electro-industrial band Project Pitchfork. It is their 12th studio album and was released in multiple formats including a double-vinyl Limited Digi pack including hardback book format which comes with a 20-page booklet. Single Schall Und Rauch/The Future Is Now was released to promote the record.
 You Can't Pray a Lie is the debut studio album by the American punk band Laughing Hyenas released in 1989 through Touch and Go Records. It was reissued in 1992 accompanied with Life of Crime.
 More Echoes Touching Air Landscape is a split album by Japanese band Boris and Choukoku no Niwa. This release originally appeared in 1999 but was re-released in 2006 on Inoxia Records with different packaging.
 Big Momma's House is the soundtrack to the 2000 comedy film Big Momma's House. It was released on May 30 2000 and consisted of hip hop and R&B music with most of the production handled by Jermaine Dupri. The soundtrack was a minor success making it to 41 on the Billboard 200 and 12 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and featured three singles Bounce with Me I've Got to Have It and Get Up.The song Bounce with Me served as the film's theme song.
 Wynton Kelly! is an album by jazz pianist Wynton Kelly released on the Vee-Jay label featuring performances by Kelly with Paul Chambers or Sam Jones and Jimmy Cobb recorded in 1961. Additional performances from these sessions were released as Someday My Prince Will Come.
 Bobby Vinton Sings Satin Pillows and Careless was Bobby Vinton's thirteenth studio album released in January 1966.There were three singles that came from this album: both title tracks (the latter failed to make the Billboard Hot 100) and Petticoat White (Summer Sky Blue).Cover versions include Everyone's Gone to the Moon and Someday (You'll Want Me to Want You).
 Blues Around the Clock is an album by blues vocalist Jimmy Witherspoon which was recorded in 1963 and released on the Prestige label.
 Roots & Crowns is a 2006 album by Califone. The LP version contains different artwork and was limited to 1000 copies. The song The Orchids is a cover of the Psychic TV song of the same name.
 Fair Trades and Farewells is a 2004 EP released by the band Hot Cross on Level Plane featuring a total of six tracks. It was their first album to be recorded solely by the band.
 PaRappa the Rapper is the original soundtrack to the PlayStation videogame of the same name. The music featured was composed by Masaya Matsuura.
 Primary Colours is the second studio album by British post-punk revival band The Horrors. It was released in the US on 21 April 2009 and in the UK on 4 May 2009 by XL Recordings. The album charted on the UK Albums Chart at No. 25. According to aggregating website Metacritic the record was met with universal critical acclaim receiving a normalised score of 82% based on 19 reviews.
 Hope Against Hope is the 1988 debut album by Band of Susans released in 1988 on Blast First. The CD version includes their debut EP Blessing and Curse which contains Sometimes and Where Have All The Flowers Gone. They were based in New York City.
 A Sentimental Education is the debut studio album by Idlewild guitarist Rod Jones self-released in February 2010 and on Borough Music in April 2010. The album was mixed by regular Idlewild producer Dave Eringa.The limited edition version of the album was available to pre-order on Jones' official website in late 2009 and contained exclusive artwork two exclusive bonus tracks and all participants will have their name in the album.
 Alexander is the first solo album by American musician Alex Ebert lead singer of Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros and Ima Robot. It was released on March 1 2011 under the Community Records label. The song Truth was featured in the season 4 premiere of AMC's Breaking Bad titled Box Cutter.
 Rollin' On is the second studio album by the Steve Gibbons Band.
 Robin's Reign was the first solo album by English singer-songwriter Robin Gibb. Best known as a member of the Bee Gees with his brothers Barry and Maurice Robin had left the group following a disagreement with his brother Barry over who should sing lead vocals. The album was not a commercial success though it did spawn Gibb's solo hit Saved by the Bell (UK #2). The other songs in the album was produced by Gibb and the rest was produced with his (then new) manager Vic Lewis.
 Super Taranta! is the fourth album by gypsy punk band Gogol Bordello released on the July 10 2007 on SideOneDummy records. This album was #14 on Rolling Stone's list of the Top 50 Albums of 2007. Ultimate was #82 on Rolling Stone's list of the 100 Best Songs of 2007.
 Turn It Out is an album by Soulive that was released on April 9 2002 as a reissue. It was originally recorded in 2000. It was produced by Jeff Krasno. The album was Soulive's first major recording. It featured the classic lineup of an organ trio with Eric Krasno on guitar Alan Evans on drums and Neal Evans on Hammond B3 Organ. It also featured prominent members of the new jazz world including Sam Kininger John Scofield and Oteil Burbridge.
 The Plague That Makes Your Booty Move... It's the Infectious Grooves is the debut album by Infectious Grooves released in 1991. The second song Therapy featured Ozzy Osbourne. The album introduces the character Sarsippius. As of 2011 the album is out of print and problems with the rights ownership make a reissue unlikely. However it is available as an MP3 download.
 Affinity is the eponymous début album by Affinity.
 My Xperience is a reggae album by Jamaican dancehall performer Bounty Killer released in 1996 (see 1996 in music). Bounty Killer was one of dancehall's biggest stars in the 1990s and his harsh hip hop-influenced songs made him a controversial figure. Most of the songs on My Xperience are morose tales of poverty and violence.The album was listed in the 1999 book The Rough Guide: Reggae: 100 Essential CDs.
 Tomorrow (Chinese: 明天; pinyin: Ming Tian) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Elva Hsiao's (Chinese: 蕭亞軒) third Mandarin studio album. It was released on 21 April 2001 by Virgin Records Taiwan a sub-label of EMI Music Taiwan. The album was released with a VCD containing highlight footage of Hsiao's Summer Rose Concert Spectacular in August 2000.
 A Divine Proclamation To Space And Time is the second album by German electronic music artist Rico Puestel released on the Canadian label Archipel on June 15 2008.
 Turn It Around! is a compilation album released by Maximumrocknroll in October 1987 as two 7-inch vinyl EPs and was re-released by Very Small Records in September 1991. The compilation features bands from the 924 Gilman Street punk rock scene such as Operation Ivy Isocracy and Crimpshrine. Most of the bands on the compilation contributed more than one song for it.
 Viața noastră (Vol.2) (Our Life Vol.2) is the second greatest hits album by Romanian hip hop group B.U.G. Mafia. It was released on August 11 2009 by Casa Productions/Cat Music in Romania. The album contains a new track named Cu Tălpile Arse and 14 re-recorded versions of older tracks.
 Too Much Information is the fifth studio album by English indie rock band Maxïmo Park. It was released in the United Kingdom on 2 February 2014 by V2 Records.
 Core is an album by metal band Persefone. The album was released on 23 August 2006 by label Soundholic.
 Less Than Zero is the soundtrack to the 1987 film Less Than Zero. It was released on November 6 1987 through Def Jam Recordings and consisted of a variety of music genres including hard rock pop rock hip hop heavy metal and contemporary R&B with most of the album being produced by Rick Rubin. The soundtrack found success peaking at 31 on the Billboard 200 and 22 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and was certified gold on February 8 1988. Four singles made it to the Billboard charts.
 Ultra. Dance 07 is a dance compilation album from Ultra Records released as part of the label's Ultra.Dance series. It was released on January 24 2006 and mixed by Bad Boy Joe & Johnny Budz
 The Collection is the second compilation album by Australian band Divinyls released on 19 January 1994. The album peaked at No. 17 on the Australian album charts and was in the charts for 13 weeks.In late 1992 the Divinyls covered The Young Rascals song I Ain't Gonna Eat Out My Heart Anymore for the soundtrack to the film Buffy the Vampire Slayer. It was subsequently issued as the lead single from The Collection in November 1992. The single peaked at No.
 Gili Garabdi - Ancient Secrets of Gypsy Brass is the fourth album released by Romanian twelve-piece Roma brass band Fanfare Ciocărlia. The album was recorded 2005 at both Zece Prăjini Romania and Headroom Studio Berlin Germany - the latter also being the place the album was mixed. Producers are Henry Ernst and Helmut Neumann. The album was released 2005 by Asphalt Tango Records.
 Lady & Gentlemen is the tenth studio album by American country music recording artist LeAnn Rimes. The album is Rimes' second cover album (the first being her self-titled album.) The only new songs on the album are the two bonus tracks Crazy Women and Give. It was released on September 27 2011 by Curb Records. Rimes co-produced the album with country singer Vince Gill and Darrell Brown with whom she collaborated on her 2007 album Family.
 Losers Kings and Things We Don't Understand is a compilation album by Less Than Jake released on No Idea Records in 1995.The album itself is a compilation of every previous Less Than Jake release apart from their debut album Pezcore.
 Dynasty is the sixth solo album by house DJ Kaskade. It was released on iTunes on April 27 2010 and physically on May 11 2010. It debuted at number 1 on the Billboard Heatseekers Albums chart number 4 on the Billboard Dance/Electronic Albums chart and number 104 on the Billboard 200.The songs Dynasty Fire in Your New Shoes and Call Out were released as promo singles on iTunes in April 2010 preceding the album's release.
 Way Upstate and the Crippled Summer pt. 2 is an EP by Frontier Ruckus released in 2011 between the releases of Deadmalls & Nightfalls and Eternity of Dimming. It is only physically available on the double-vinyl edition of the former. The EP is the release by Frontier Ruckus most in the category of alternative country.
 I'm Wide Awake It's Morning is one of two Bright Eyes albums (along with Digital Ash in a Digital Urn) released on January 25 2005 by Saddle Creek Records.
 Hergelim Ra'im (Hebrew: הרגלים רעים English translation: Bad Habits) is the second studio album by the Israeli musician Yoni Bloch released in 2007.The band members that accompany Bloch in this album are Tomer Lahav (Guitar) Tal Zovleski (Guitar) Ariel Armoni (Drums) Tal Kirshboim (Bass guitar) Daniel Koren (Piano) and others. In this album comparing to his previous album Bloch didn't collaborated with the singer Efrat Gosh.
 Under Thunder and Fluorescent Lights is the second album by Storm & Stress released on January 18 2000 through Touch and Go Records.
 Full House is the fourth studio album by Frankie Miller. It features a mix of Miller originals and covers including a version of John Lennon's Jealous Guy. The Andy Fraser composition Be Good to Yourself was issued as a single and reached No. 27 the UK singles chart becoming Miller's first chart hit.
 Moeto carstvo is the second and final album by Macedonian rock group Aleksandar Makedonski. It was released in 1996. Unlike their previous album Za heroje i princeze which is in Serbian Moeto carstvo is in Macedonian.The album had no singles when it originally came out however the tracks Ako mi dadesh and Ubav den were re-appropriated as Badmingtons songs and released as a single in 2007 to promote the Igor Ivanov movie Prevrteno.
 Your Choice Live Series 022 is an album by Articles of Faith (band). It was recorded live at Oberhaus in Alzey/ Germany by Rock City Studios in Udenheim/ Germany the 31 March 1992 and produced by Tobby Holzinger.
 Mind How You Go is a mini-album by Jon Brooks under the pseudonym of The Advisory Circle. The album was released on October 17 2005 on the Ghost Box Music label. It was re-released in 2009 with two extra tracks and renamed Mind How You Go Now.
 Vange is the solo debut album by Brazilian musician and former Nau member Vange Leonel. It was released in 1991 by Sony Music Entertainment and produced by then-Titãs member Nando Reis who also happens to be Vange's cousin.The album spawned the famous single Noite Preta; it was used as the opening theme of the popular telenovela Vamp that premiered also in 1991 and ran until 1992.
 South of the Border is the third album by American easy listening brass band Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass originally released in 1964. The name of the group for this album is Herb Alpert's Tijuana Brass.Alpert's first top ten hit and fifth gold record the album continued the progression of the Tijuana Brass from its mostly-Mexican sound to a more easy-listening style with a collection of cover versions of popular songs.
 The Things We've Grown To Love is indie rock band All the Day Holiday's debut album released on August 4 2009 by Linc Star Records.
 Mannibalector is the seventh studio album by Brotha Lynch Hung. It was released on February 5 2013 through Strange Music. It is the third and final installment in the Coathanga Strangla concept trilogy following 2010's Dinner and a Movie and 2011's Coathanga Strangla. The album features guest appearances from Wrekonize Bernz Yelawolf COS Irv Da Phenom Trizz Bleezo G-Macc Tech N9ne and Hopsin.Hung worked with Seven “over a year” to produce Mannibalector.
 Sunset Sundown is an album by the country rock group The Flying Burrito Brothers released in 1982.After Skip Battin left the band prior to Hearts on the Line the remaining three members of the Burrito Brothers carried on hoping to keep their commercial success going. The three singles released from this album If Something Should Come Between Us (Let It Be Love) Closer to You and I'm Drinkin' Canada Dry all made the US country top 40.
 Voyage d'une mélodie is a 2011 multilingual album by the French singer of Jewish Algerian origin Enrico Macias after five years of absence due to the death of his wife. The critically acclaimed album comprises music explorations by Macias into many cultures where he interprets songs in French Spanish Tamazight (Berber language) Arabic Hebrew and Yiddish.
 Eyes That See in the Dark is the 12th solo studio album by Kenny Rogers first released by RCA Nashville in August 1983. This album has sold 15 million copies world-wide.
 Joy and Pain is the fourth album by Bay Area-based R&B group Maze released in 1980 on Capitol Records. A version of the title track by Donna Allen made the top 10 in the UK Singles Chart in 1989.
 The Rhythm and the Blues is the fifteenth solo studio album by Australian rock musician Jimmy Barnes released through Liberation Music on 28 August 2009. The album was produced by Don Gehman in Los Angeles and peaked at number one on the Australian Albums Chart for two weeks.
 Dusk and Summer is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Dashboard Confessional. It was released on June 27 2006 on Vagrant Records. It was originally produced by Daniel Lanois (U2 Bob Dylan) but was polished and finished up with Don Gilmore (Linkin Park Pearl Jam Dashboard's Vindicated) as producer. Don Gilmore is the producer who is credited on the release.
 Sigh No More is the debut studio album by London-based indie folk quartet Mumford & Sons. It was released on 2 October 2009 in the UK and on 16 February 2010 in the United States and Canada. The album entered the UK Albums Chart at No. 11 on 11 October and has so far peaked at No. 2 on 20 February 2011 in its 72nd week on the chart and following its Album of the Year win at the 2011 BRIT Awards. In early 2011 the album peaked at No.
 The Alesha Show is the second studio album from British R&B recording artist Alesha Dixon the album is her first album to be released in the United Kingdom. It was released on 24 November 2008 in the UK by Asylum Records. Dixon an ex-member of UK Garage girl group Mis-Teeq used her full name for the first time while releasing The Alesha Show (her previous album was credited mononymously as Alesha).
 The Outback Club is the debut album by Australian country musician Lee Kernaghan. It won Best Country Album at the ARIA Music Awards of 1993.
 Dali is a French-language album released in 1984 by French singer Dalida.This album sees new collaborations with French song writers like Didier Barbelivien Claude Barzotti and François Valéry among others.Also Dalida decided to record a lot of covers for this album huge international hits like I Just Called to Say I Love You (Pour te dire je t'aime) Against All Odds (Toutes ces heures loin de toi) Baby Come to Me (C'etait mon ami) and Kalimba de Luna.
 Transceiver is the fourth album by the Des Moines IA band The Nadas. The song Walk Away was used during the closing credits of the television show Pinks during seasons 1-3.
 Tribe is the eighth studio album from the American progressive metal band Queensrÿche released on 22 July 2003. It featured a reunited lineup with Chris DeGarmo returning to contribute guitar parts and writing credits on some tracks. DeGarmo showed up for recording and was ready to tour again with the band in support of the album but ultimately left due to clashes with singer Geoff Tate in the studio.
 All I Have to Do Is Dream contains the same songs as Bobbie Gentry and Glen Campbell from 1968 plus the 1970 single track All I Have To Do Is Dream.
 The Lady Sings is a compilation album by jazz singer Billie Holiday released by Decca Records in 1956. The featured songs on the album are from when Holiday was signed with Decca in the mid to late 1940s. By the time this album was released she was on Norman Granz's jazz label Verve Records.
 Star Trek Into Darkness: Music from the Motion Picture is a soundtrack album for the 2013 film Star Trek Into Darkness composed by Michael Giacchino. The score was recorded over seven sessions at the Sony Scoring Stage in Culver City California on March 5–9 and April 2 and 3 2013. It was performed by the Hollywood Studio Symphony in conjuncture with Page LA Studio Voices.
 Kenny Dennis LP is a studio album by rapper Serengeti. It was released in June 2013 under Anticon Records and is the follow-up to his 2012 album Kenny Dennis EP.
 White Hot is the fourth album by the rock band Angel. After the release of On Earth As It Is In Heaven bass player Mickie Jones left and was replaced by Felix Robinson who would be eventually be replaced in 1980 by Rudy Sarzo before Angel's breakup in 1981. This album contains Angel's biggest and only Top 50 hit Ain't Gonna Eat Out My Heart Anymore which went to #44 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1978. The single would spend 8 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Sad Clown Bad Spring 12 is a 5-track EP that was released in April 2008 by Atmosphere. The EP was digitally leaked by the group on April Fools Day after listeners were directed to a link for what the group claimed to be a leaked download for When Life Gives You Lemons You Paint That Shit Gold.The CD was released April 29 2008 and is on sale on the When Life Gives You Lemons You Paint Your City Gold Tour.
 Hootenanny is an album by the bluegrass band Country Gentlemen recorded in 1963.
 CoreaHancock is an acoustic live album by Chick Corea and Herbie Hancock. It was recorded over the course of several live performances in February 1978 and released in 1979. Corea has first billing on this album as Hancock was credited for An Evening with Herbie Hancock & Chick Corea: In Concert another recording of the same concert tour released by Hancock's label. The CD version heavily edits the final side of the vinyl release.
 Altered State (2005) is the 16th studio album (18th overall) from the jazz group Yellowjackets and their third release for the Heads Up International label.The cover image was painted by pop art painter Peter Max.
 Fairest Floo'er is the third studio album by Scottish folk musician Karine Polwart released on 10 December 2007. Fairest Floo'er is one of two albums that Polwart recorded in 2007 during a break from live performances; Polwart was pregnant with her first child whilst recording. Unlike her other solo albums Fairest Floo'er mostly comprises traditional songs.
 The Jacksons Story an album released on Hip-O Select/UTV Records on August 28 2007 covers fourteen years of hit singles scored by the R&B group Jacksons between 1969 and 1982.
 When Moonshine and Dynamite Collide is the 6th studio album from Jackyl and is Jackyl's first studio album in 8 years since Relentless' from 2002.When Moonshine and Dynamite Collide features a cover of Janis Joplin's Mercedes Benz and a lyrically reworked cover of Just Like A Negro originally by the all black funk rock band Mother's Finest.
 Friday Night Lights Vol. 2 is the second soundtrack for the NBC television series Friday Night Lights a program inspired by the film of the same name. It was released by Arrival Records/Scion Music Group and is distributed by Fontana Distribution.
 Carry the Day is an album by Henry Threadgill released on the Columbia label in 1995. The album features six of Threadgill's compositions performed by Threadgill's Very Very Circus with guest artists.
 The Patriot is the third studio album by Ukrainian folk metal band Holy Blood released on June 30 2008. A professional music video was shot for the title song by Jmak Agency.
 Manfred Mann Chapter Three is the debut album released in 1969 by Manfred Mann Chapter Three. It was one of the three first albums released on the Vertigo record label. The principal members of the group were Manfred Mann and Mike Hugg. Mann played the organ and acted as the group's musical arranger whilst Hugg handled vocals played piano and was the chief song writer.
 Cha Cha is the soundtrack for the 1979 movie of the same name starring Herman Brood Nina Hagen and Lene Lovich with most of the music played by Dutch rock and roll and blues group Herman Brood & His Wild Romance. The album produced one single for Herman Brood & His Wild Romance Never Be Clever and was certified platinum in the Netherlands.
 Private Dancer is the fifth solo studio album by recording artist Tina Turner. Marking her debut with the record company it was released by Capitol Records in May 1984. Recording sessions for the album took place at several studios in England and was overseen by four different production teams including Rupert Hine and Martyn Ware and Ian Craig Marsh of Heaven 17.
 The Gargantuan Elf Album compiles Elf's second and third albums Carolina County Ball and Trying to Burn the Sun with the exclusion of the song Happy.
 Flute By-Laws is the second album by jazz flautist Hubert Laws released in 1966 on Atlantic Records.
 Kill Rock Stars is a 1991 album by various artists and was released on the Kill Rock Stars label. All of the bands on this record performed at the 1991 International Pop Underground Convention or are from Olympia. The album was re-issued on vinyl in limited quantities as a Record Store Day exclusive in 2011.
 Modern Priscilla is the title of Cilla Black's tenth solo studio album and her last to be completed before the end of her 15-year contract with the EMI group. The release of this album with its two singles completed the long-term partnership with the recording giant. For her final project EMI drafted in producer Mike Hurst who at the time was producing the successful Rock 'n' Roll-revival group Showaddywaddy.
 Skuffed Up My Huffy is an album by Japanther. It was released by Menlo Park Recordings in 2007. The album was also released on vinyl by Altin Village & Mine Records.
 Live At The Fillmore East is the 1998 release of a 1968 concert by Jefferson Airplane at New York's Fillmore East for the 30th anniversary of its opening. It should not be confused with the similarly named Sweeping Up the Spotlight: Live at the Fillmore East the 1969 concert (also by Jefferson Airplane) recording released in 2007. Thing is an experimental freeform instrumental that later morphed into Bear Melt from Bless Its Pointed Little Head.
 Back to the Hotel is the debut album by American rap group N2Deep released June 1 1992 on Profile Records. The album was produced by N2Deep and Johnny Z. The only guests on the album were fellow Vallejo California artists B-Legit and E-40. Along with singles music videos were released for three songs: Back to the Hotel Toss Up and The Weekend. The Weekend was directed by Michael Luccro.
 It's a Man's Man's Man's World is an album by James Brown released in August 1966.
 Johnny is the fifth studio album by Australian pop singer John Farnham (who was billed then as Johnny Farnham) which was released on HMV for EMI Records in August 1971. It peaked at #24 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Charts. Farnham had earlier #1 singles with Sadie (The Cleaning Lady) in 1968 and his cover of Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head in 1970; a non-album single Acapulco Sun was released in May 1971 but there were no charting singles from Johnny.
 My Show is an album by the Swedish singer Carola Häggkvist. It was released on November 19 2001 in Sweden and Norway. On the album charts the album peaked at number 6 in Sweden.
 12 Gardens Live is a Sony music compilation of songs performed by American singer/songwriter Billy Joel during a record run of twelve sold-out concerts at Madison Square Garden in New York City in early 2006. It was released on June 13 2006.Although some of the singer's best known hits are on the album many of them are transposed into a different key (often lower) to accommodate Joel's deepening voice.
 California 37 is the sixth studio album from California rock band Train. The album was released on April 13 2012 through Columbia Records. It was preceded by the lead single Drive By on January 10 2012.
 Regresa is the 2nd album by Mexican Actress/Singer Chantal Andere It was released in 1990.
 Bar Room Bop is an EP by The Adicts. The songs on the EP were rereleased on the compilation album The Complete Adicts Singles Collection and included on some versions of Fifth Overture. Sound of Music and Who Spilt My Beer? are included on some versions of Songs of Praise.
 El Primer Tonto is a studio album released in 1981 by the Mexican group Los Freddy's.
 Dare I Say... is Hermano's second album. It was released on the MeteorCity label and produced by the band and executive producer Ram Lauwrier. Since the band members lived in different locations the album was recorded in various studios.
 Anarchic System is compilation album of the Anarchic System.This release belongs to a promotional serie by Impact Distributions featuring both well-known artists and beginners from the AZ records catalog. At least twelve albums shared identical design with face caption on the front cover with only variation in background colors.
 Bricks Are Heavy is the third album by the Los Angeles band L7 released in April 1992 through Slash Records. Backed by the single Pretend We're Dead the album became a breakthrough hit and the band became the poster girls of grunge music.[citation needed]The album was released shortly after grunge had broken into the mainstream with the surprise success of Nirvana's Nevermind.
 Los Hijos Del Maiz is Kinto Sol's fourth album.
 Businessman is the feature film soundtrack of the 2012 crime-action film Businessman starring Mahesh Babu and Kajal Aggarwal. Directed by Puri Jagannath the film's music and background score was composed by S. Thaman marking his first collaboration with him and Thaman's second collaboration with Mahesh Babu after Dookudu in 2011. The Official Soundtrack Album consists of 6 songs composed by S. Thaman and Bhaskarabhatla Ravikumar penning the lyrics.
 The Oath of Black Blood is a compilation by Finnish black metal band Beherit. The album is not a separate recording but a compilation of the band's demo Demonomancy and EP Dawn of Satan's Millennium. The material was recorded in late 1990 and released as an album in 1991 through Turbo Music without Beherit's permission after the band spent the recording budget on alcohol. Spikefarm Records re-released the album in 2005 in digipak format with upgraded artwork.
 Bring Me Your Love is the second album by City and Colour released on February 12 2008.
 Voyage is a 3-CD box set by David Crosby. It features solo stand-outs and classics with legendary groups including The Byrds CSN(Y) and CPR plus one full disc of previously unreleased material.
 Play Nice is the 1999 album from Twisted Tutu: composer/vocalist/performance artist Eve Beglarian and pianist/keyboardist Kathleen Supové.
 Re matto is the second studio EP by Italian singer Marco Mengoni. In Italy the album sold more than 82.000 copies and received double platinum certification from the Federation of the Italian Music Industry.The first single taken from the album was Credimi ancora.
 Complete is a three-CD box set by the English avant-rock band News from Babel. It contains remastered and repackaged releases of the two News from Babel albums Work Resumed on the Tower (1984) and Letters Home (1986) plus an illustrated CD of their 7 single Contraries (1984). The first album comprises the two song-suites Sirens and Silences and Work Resumed on the Tower while the second album contains the Letters Home song-suite. The box set also contains a book of song texts and artwork.
 Veneno Vivo is an album by Brazilian singer Cássia Eller released in 1998.
 Back in Town is a 1959 album by Mel Tormé and his Mel-Tones arranged by Marty Paich.
 The Great Buddy Holly is a 1982 compilation album of songs by Buddy Holly released on MCA Records recorded in 1956.
 Family Bible is a 1980 album by country singer Willie Nelson.
 Not Here / Not Now is a limited-edition double live album by American post-punk band Swans. It was announced for sale on October 14 2013 via Young God Records. The profits earned from this album were used to fund the band's upcoming album To Be Kind.
 Tim's Bio: Life from da Bassment is a 1998 album released by Blackground Records. Though nominally the debut solo album by R&B/hip-hop producer Timbaland the LP is technically a compilation of tracks produced by Timbaland and often – though not strictly – featuring his vocals. A litany of guest stars appear on Tim's Bio from Timbaland's Swing Mob partners Magoo Missy Misdemeanor Elliott Aaliyah Ginuwine Playa and Skillz to outside performers Nas Jay-Z Twista and others.
 Monster is the twenty-ninth album by pianist Herbie Hancock. As a follow-up to the Feets album it avoided jazz and funk in favor of disco songs only. The track Stars In Your Eyes was issued as an extended (11:20) 12 single.
 They Threw Us All in a Trench and Stuck a Monument on Top is the first album released by dance-punk band Liars in October of 2001. It was then released in 2002 by English label Blast First Records. It displays the band in its original line-up with singer Angus Andrew guitarist Aaron Hemphill bassist Pat Noecker (currently in These Are Powers) and drummer Ron Albertson.
 Hatefilled Vengeance is an EP by goregrind band Regurgitate released in 2002 by Relapse Records. It contains some previously released tracks along with previously unreleased tracks. All previously released tracks were re-recorded for this EP. Tracks 1 - 8 are from Effortless Regurgitation of Bright Red Blood and tracks 9 and 10 are from the Concrete Human Torture demo.
 From the Archives Vol. 5 is a release of The Future Sound of London's From the Archives series; released in 2008. A CD version was released on 5 January 2009.
 Peace Love & Light is the 15th studio album and first digital-only album release by Christian alternative rock band The Choir released on November 27 2013. This is also the band's first Christmas-themed record.
 The Games of the XXVII Olympiad – Official Music from the Opening Ceremony is the official music album of the 2000 Summer Olympics opening ceremony.
 Cherish is the forty-fifth studio album by Seiko Matsuda. It came in two different versions a regular edition which contains the CD album and a first press special edition that contained the CD album plus a 36-page photobook. The album release wasn't preceded by any single release so all the songs in the album are new songs.
 I'm Going to Tell You a Secret is the first live album by American singer-songwriter Madonna containing songs from the documentary of same name. The film chronicled the behind-the-scenes of Madonna's Re-Invention World Tour (2004) and was directed by Jonas Åkerlund. The album was released on June 20 2006 in a two-disc format a CD with 14 songs from the show and a DVD with the documentary film. The documentary and the album were also released as digital download to the iTunes Store.
 Blow It Out is a jazz/fusion album released in 1977 by Tom Scott.
 Home is the debut solo studio album by the American artist Carrie Akre.
 Air/Cook/Sky is the fourth album by Hitomi Yaida released on 29 October 2003. The singles from this album were Kodoku na Cowboy and Hitori Jenga. The album title is an anagram of Yaiko rocks.
 Amalia/Vinicius is a recording of the 1968 meeting between the Brazilian poet Vinicius de Moraes and the Portuguese singer Amália Rodrigues. In December 1968 de Moraes was travelling to Rome where he wanted to celebrate Christmas. However before he arrived in Italy the poet stayed some hours in Lisbon where he met Rodrigues at her home.
 The Times At The Astradome is the 11th album by West London Post punk and Indie band The Times released in 1992.
 Mathis Magic is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released in September 1979 by Columbia Records. While it did not make any appearances on Billboard magazine's Top LP's & Tapes chart it did reach number 59 during a four-week run on the UK album chart. On December 31 of that year the British Phonographic Industry awarded the album with Silver certification for sales of 60000 units in the UK.
 Oh Common Life is the third studio album by American rock band Fireworks. It is set to be released March 25 2014 by Triple Crown Records.
 Hot Like Wow is the debut album by British recording artist Nadia Oh. It was released in the United Kingdom on 13 April 2008 by Tiger Trax Records. It spawned four singles initially; My Egyptian Lover Something for the Weekend Nadia Oh and Got Your Number all released between 2007–2008. 'Oh performed gigs in Tokyo to support the album. Although the album's final single was released in 2008 'Oh released fifth single Rip It Up 29 February 2012 via iTunes.
 In Ear Park is the second album by Department of Eagles. It was released by 4AD on October 7 2008. The inspiration for the album is noted to come from Daniel Rossen's childhood experiences most notably memories of those related to his father.
 The Way I Really Play (also released as The Great Oscar Peterson on Prestige!) is a 1968 album by Oscar Peterson. It is the third part of Peterson's Exclusively for My Friends series.
 I have been waiting a long time to hear something like this
 Fuel for the Fire (1997) is the third EP released by Impellitteri.
 Exquisite Corpse is the debut EP by American alternative rock band Warpaint self-released in late 2008 and subsequently re-released on October 6 2009 on Manimal Vinyl.
 New Beginning is the fourth album by singer/songwriter Tracy Chapman released in 1995 (see 1995 in music).
 The Art of Broken Glass is a five-track EP by rapper producer Mr. J. Medeiros. It was released in 2009.
 White Trash Heroes is the final studio album from the indie rock band Archers of Loaf released in 1998 by Alias Records.
 Looking for Lucky is the fifth studio album by Hootie & the Blowfish released on August 9 2005. The album sold 128000 copies in the U.S. up to March 2009.
 The Montreal Tapes: Liberation Music Orchestra is a live album by the American jazz bassist Charlie Haden's Liberation Music Orchestra recorded in 1989 at the Montreal International Jazz Festival and released on the Verve label.
 Let It Rain is the seventh studio album by Montell Jordan released on October 21 2008. The first single and music video from the album is Not No More featuring Cignature. The video was released on September 23 2008 through a live vlog-cast hosted by Montell Jordan himself and followed by the release of the video exclusively on YouTube. Let It Rain peaked at # 67 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums while the single Me and U made it to #71 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
 Breaking Away the third album by the Chicago rock band Tantrum was released in 2005.
 This Godless Endeavor is the sixth album by Seattle based American heavy metal band Nevermore and was released on July 26 2005. The album was produced by Andy Sneap and is distributed by Century Media Records.
 Songs Inspired by Mulawin is a music album released under GMA Records. It was released for GMA Network's fantaserye Mulawin.
 Made by Maceo is a 2003 album by Maceo Parker.
 Metal is guitarist Preston Reed's first recording for Dusty Closet Records. It was re-released in 2002 on his own label Outer Bridge Records (OB1002). The re-release includes a different version of the title track.
 Absolutely Freak Out (Zap Your Mind!!) is an album by the Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released in 2001. It is a double album featuring four tracks on each disc.The album was recorded at Acid Mothers Temple from May to July 2000.
 Reflections in Blue is an album by American composer bandleader and keyboardist Sun Ra recorded in 1986 in Italy and released on the Black Saint label in 1987.
 Sunshine: Music from the Motion Picture is the soundtrack album for the 2007 Danny Boyle film Sunshine and is a joint composition by the electronic band Underworld and film score composer John Murphy. Underworld has a long history of collaboration with Boyle having been featured on the soundtracks to Boyle's Trainspotting A Life Less Ordinary and The Beach.
 High 'n' Dry is the second studio album by the English Hard rock band Def Leppard released on 11 July 1981. High 'n' Dry (Saturday Night) ranked #33 on VH1's 40 Greatest Metal Songs. High 'n' Dry was Pete Willis' last full-time album with Def Leppard. It charted at #38 on the Billboard 200 and #26 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Tutto Live is the seventh album and first live album by Gianna Nannini. The album was recorded between May and November 1985 at Berlin Montreux Siena Locarno and Dortmund.
 Blue Gator is the third album led by saxophonist Willis Jackson featuring organist Jack McDuff and guitarist Bill Jennings which was recorded in 1959 and 1960 and released on the Prestige label.
 Octopussy is the soundtrack for the eponymous thirteenth James Bond film. The score was composed by John Barry the lyrics by Tim Rice.
 Round Midnight is a soundtrack album by Herbie Hancock featuring music recorded for Bertrand Tavernier's film Round Midnight released in 1986 on Columbia Records. The album features performances by Hancock Freddie Hubbard Ron Carter Tony Williams Bobby McFerrin Dexter Gordon Pierre Michelot Billy Higgins John McLaughlin Chet Baker Bobby Hutcherson Wayne Shorter Lonette McKee and Cedar Walton most of whom appear in the film.
 Chris Shiflett & the Dead Peasants is the debut self-titled album from Chris Shiflett lead guitarist of Foo Fighters. The Dead Peasants are his second side project following Jackson United and the backing band is composed of different musicians than that of Jackson United.The album is a departure from his rock/punk background and is influenced by country rockabilly and Americana. All songs feature Shiflett as lead vocalist and guitarist.
 The Devil You + Me is the sixth studio album by German indie rock band The Notwist. It was released in May 2008.The first single was Where in This World for which a promo video was released to the media.
 Up the Junction is an album by Manfred Mann of Mann and Hugg's soundtrack to the film Up the Junction based on the novel of the same name by Nell Dunn. The album was released on 16 March 1968 on Fontana Records (TL/STL 546023/2/68)
 I Dig the Duke! I Dig the Count! is a 1960 album by Mel Tormé recorded in tribute to Duke Ellington and Count Basie.
 The Last Tour on Earth is a live album comprising recordings from Marilyn Manson's Mechanical Animals and Rock is Dead tours. On the studio version of The Dope Show Manson says that drugs are made in California but in the live version he says that drugs they say are made right here in Cleveland to a roar of crowd approval suggesting that the song was recorded in Cleveland Ohio.
 The Archies is the debut studio album by The Archies a fictional pop band from the Archie comics. The album was originally released on the Calendar Records label in 1968 and included 12 songs. It was produced by Jeff Barry and co-produced by Don Kirshner. The band's debut single was Bang-Shang-A-Lang and it hit #22 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1968. The album peaked on the Billboard 200 chart at #88. The song Seventeen Ain't Young became a Top 40 hit in Australia for Frank Howson in 1969.
 Snowtorch is the eighth studio album by American musician Phideaux Xavier. It was released March 21 2011.
 Take Out the Trash is the fifth album by American punk rock band Legal Weapon released in 1991 through Triple X Records.
 The Emotional Plague is the second and last album by the band Supreme Dicks released in April 30 1996 through Homestead Records.
 Seconds Out Round One was compilation album of session tracks recorded in 1991 for the Mark Radcliffe radio show Hit The North released by Imaginary Records. The album consisted of three tracks each from The Boo Radleys Scorpio Rising Dr Phibes & the House of Wax Equations and Leatherface.
 Incisions is the third studio album by American deathcore band Oceano. The album was released on October 1 2013 on Earache Records. On January 28 Slow Murder was released as a lyric video and on August 12th the band unveiled another song from the album Incisions and also announced the album's release date.
 Wide Awake is the debut studio album of the California band Picture Me Broken following the success of their Dearest I'm So Sorry EP. The album features seven new tracks as well as reworked versions of Dearest I'm So Sorry Echoes of an Empire and If I Never Wake Again.
 Mark Schultz is the first album released by Contemporary Christian artist Mark Schultz. It was released on March 28 2000.
 Distant Satellites (Stylised as distant satellites) is the upcoming tenth studio album by the British rock band Anathema scheduled to be released on 9 June 2014 in Europe via Kscope.
 Different Kinda Different is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released in June 1980 by Columbia Records. The album was retitled All for You for its release in the UK where it made it to number 20 during an eight-week run on the album chart that began the following month on July 12.
 For the Beauty of Wynona is the second album by Canadian songwriter and record producer Daniel Lanois. It was released on March 9 1993 in Canada and March 23 1993 in the United States.The album cover photograph was taken by renowned Czech artist Jan Saudek.
 Sinfonía Soledad (Spanish for Solitude Symphony) is the fifth album by Mexican rock band Panda and the first to be recorded live.The album is based on a compilation of the best known songs of the band recorded on 25 and 26 November 2006 at the National Auditorium in Mexico City; tracks Nunca Nadie Nos Podrá Parar (Gracias) (which is a token of appreciation to their audience) and No Te Deseo el Mal...
 Al Rescate is the last album of Ranking Stone.
 Love Remains is the 2010 debut album from How to Dress Well. Pitchfork Media placed it at number 19 on its list The Top 50 Albums of 2010.
 HIDE and SEEK is the first full-length album by the Japanese rock group Plastic Tree released on July 10 1997.
 The Killer is a 2002 album by death metal band Impious.
 Do It Yourself is a 1979 album by Ian Dury & the Blockheads. It was the first album to be credited to Ian Dury & the Blockheads rather than Ian Dury alone although Dury had used the full band name for the What A Waste 7 single of 1978. The album was released in the wake of the chart-topping hit single Hit Me With Your Rhythm Stick and reached number two in the charts behind ABBA's Voulez-Vous.
 Seeking Major Tom is the third studio album by William Shatner. It was released October 11 2011 in the US by Cleopatra Records. The album features many noted musicians including Sheryl Crow John Wetton Patrick Moraz Ritchie Blackmore Alan Parsons Peter Frampton Warren Haynes Nick Valensi Zakk Wylde Mike Inez Chris Adler Steve Howe Michael Schenker Dave Davies Johnny Winter Brad Paisley Bootsy Collins Carmine Appice Ian Paice and Toots.
 'S' is the second extended play (EP) by American singer-songwriter SZA self-released on October 28. After releasing her debut EP See.SZA.Run (2013) and meeting members of independent lable Top Dawg SZA began working on S with recording beginning in May 2013.
 Alice in Ultraland is an 2005 album by experimental electronica group Amorphous Androgynous which is a side project of The Future Sound of London.
 Twelve Ways to Count is the debut album by British chamber pop band The Miserable Rich. It was released on 24 November 2008. Some of the songs contained were previously performed by James DeMalpaquet under the pseudonym 'James Grape' while in the band 'The Grape Authority' with fellow Miserable Rich member Will Calderbank.
 Waiting for Daylight is the fourth studio album to be released by British–Norwegian boy band A1. The album was released on 11 October 2010 and was the band's first release of new material for more than eight years. It is also the first album to be released since the departure of Paul Marazzi from the band. It is released in Norway only. The album peaked at number five on the Norwegian Albums Chart.
 Beautiful Heartache is a 2009 music album by Russian pianist and singer-songwriter Oksana Grigorieva with Mel Gibson as executive producer. Born in Saransk Russia Grigorieva studied music in Moscow and Kazan and at the Royal College of Music in London. She later moved to the U.S. and patented a technique of instructing music notation to children.
 Troops of Tomorrow is the second album by the punk rock band The Exploited released in 1982 through Secret Records. A medley of War Disorder and UK 82 covered by Slayer and Ice-T is featured in the soundtrack for Judgment Night (film). UK82 was also used as the opening and closing track to the 1983 film Made in Britain starring Tim Roth. The chorus of UK 82 was changed to LA 92 to reflect the recent rioting.
 ...Phobia is the second studio album by electronic musicians Benassi Bros. released in 2005. It is the follow-up to their debut album Pumphonia. It went gold in France followed by huge acclaims for the singles Every Single Day and Make Me Feel.A part of the Feel Alives melody is based on a remix of the main guitar riff from Eric Clapton's 1970 hit Layla.
 Force Majeure is a 1979 electronic music album released by the German group Tangerine Dream originally issued on transparent vinyl.
 The Doors: Vinyl Box Set is the seventh box set for the rock band The Doors. It is a 7 record set of the original 6 Doors albums remastered in stereo from the original analogue tapes with a mono version of the debut album. Artwork packaging and inner sleeves are replicas of the originals from 1967-1971. The box set was originally planned to be released in October 2007 but was delayed due to a problem with the vinyl as well as other problems in the production of the box set.
 Mandoline is the debut album by Phil Beer released in 1978/1979 on Greenwich Village record label. It follows 1976's Dance Without Music the second album he recorded with Paul Downes. As the title of this album suggests a theme on the album is the mandolin an instrument Beer has used in almost all of his work.The album is scarce. It is unknown how many copies were pressed but it has never been reissued.
 Search for the New Land is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan. A hard bop set with a group of well-known jazz musicians Search for the New Land was recorded before The Sidewinder was released and is considered more abstract than its popular predecessor. Although it was recorded in 1964 the album was shelved for two years then issued with the original catalogue number 84169. It is described by jazz commentator Scott Yanow as one of the finest Lee Morgan records.
 This article describes the 46th album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 46 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 46 or Now 46 was released in 24 July 2000 on minidisc audio cassette and Compact Disc.
 My Kind of Christmas is the third studio album and first Christmas album by American pop/R&B recording artist Christina Aguilera released on October 24 2000 by RCA Records. It is composed of cover versions of popular Christmas songs and several original recordings which incorporate dance-pop elements.
 She Talks to Rainbows is the 1999 EP album released by Ronnie Spector. It was critically acclaimed but did not perform too well with the public and went virtually unnoticed. It was produced by Joey Ramone and Daniel Rey except I Wish I Never Saw the Sunshine.The album contained two late-period Ramones songs (She Talks to Rainbows from ¡Adios Amigos! and Bye Bye Baby from Halfway to Sanity) and versions of songs by The Beach Boys Johnny Thunders and The Ronettes.
 Supernature is the third studio album by English electronic music duo Goldfrapp. It was released on 22 August 2005 by Mute Records and received mostly favourable reviews. Most critics complimented its blend of pop and electronic music while others called it uninspiring. Supernature was a top five album in Goldfrapp's native United Kingdom and its lead single Ooh La La was a top five single.
 Dallas Crane is the fourth studio album by Australian rock band Dallas Crane. It was released in 2004 and was nominated for the ARIA Music Awards in the Best Rock Album category. It had a favorable critical reception rated four stars by both The Age which described it as sounding like it was knocked off live over a boozy weekend and the Sunday Herald Sun which rated it one of the most impressive rock albums of the past decade ...
 Forever: Rich Thugs Book One is the seventh album by rap group Above the Law. The album was released in 1999 for Street Solid records. The album turned out to be the most unsuccessful album the group released not appearing on any album charts and producing no hit singles.
 Metal Revolution is the second full-length album by the German speed metal band Living Death. It was released in 1985.
 Broken Promises is the Allen Crane debut CD which features guitarist Mark Warner [2] and veteran Cinderella drummer Fred Coury. [3]
 Live at the Atlanta International Pop Festival: July 3 & 5 1970 is a live album released by the Allman Brothers. It features their two performances at the 1970 Atlanta Pop Festival in Byron Georgia. The festival took place nearly a year before the concerts that appear on At Fillmore East.
 Dominion VIII is the eighth studio album by Swedish death metal band Grave released in April 2008.
 Joan Baez in Concert Part 2 was a second installment of live material recorded during Joan Baez' concert tours of early 1963. It peaked at number 7 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.
 Schweinstein is a 2001 album released by Schwein.
 Time and Tide is a 1982 album by New Zealand New Wave band Split Enz. Dirty Creature was the album's lead single followed by Six Months in a Leaky Boat. Both were hits in Australia reaching #6 and #2 with the album reaching #1. Time and Tide also topped the album charts in New Zealand. The third single issued in New Zealand was Hello Sandy Allen (written about the world's tallest woman) while Never Ceases to Amaze Me was released in Australia.
 Give And Take is the fourth album from The Dynamic Superiors and their last on Motown Records. Released in 1977 it includes covers of Martha and the Vandellas' Nowhere to Run and Stevie Wonder's All In Love Is Fair.
 Dark Assault is the third studio album by the German power metal band Iron Savior. It continues the science fiction story that the band introduced on their debut album Iron Savior and continued on Unification and the Interlude EP.
 Period -the Best Selection- is a compilation album released by Luna Sea on December 23 2000 prior to their Final Act concerts. All tracks were remastered from their original versions and tracks 11-13 & 15 were re-recorded just for this release. The album reached number one on the Oricon chart.
 Last Tango in Moscow is Angelic Upstarts's 6th album released in 1984.
 OOPArts (stylized as OOPARTS and named after Out-of-place artifacts) is the sixteenth album by The Pillows released on October 14 2009. The album marks the 20th anniversary of the band.
 Just Another Town is an album by Irish folk singer Johnny Duhan released in Ireland on 31 March 2007.Just Another Town is a portrait of the city Duhan grew up in. It sings of the people and location that formed him. Its melody and poetry come from the homes bars dancehalls chapels gardens prisons factories and the very streets of the town it celebrates. It is not a nostalgic look back in blinkered pleasure.
 Winner Takes All is the seventeenth album by The Isley Brothers and released on T-Neck Records and their seventh record to be distributed by Epic Records on June 28 1979. The album included the number-one R&B hit I Wanna Be With You and the top 20 UK disco hit It's a Disco Night (Rock Don't Stop).
 Ribbed is the third studio album by the American punk rock band NOFX. It was released on March 26 1991 through Epitaph Records. It was their last album to feature Steve Kidwiller on guitar who was replaced by El Hefe. Ribbed is also the last NOFX album produced by Brett Gurewitz (the guitarist of Bad Religion and founder of Epitaph) who produced the first two albums Liberal Animation and S&M Airlines. According to NOFX's official website Ribbed sold 8000 copies upon its release.
 Immortal is a 1986 album by gospel singer Cynthia Clawson. The hymn Immortal Invisible was a hit on contemporary Christian radio and the album peaked at number 36 on the Billboard Top Contemporary Christian album chart. Produced by John Rosasco the album was released on Dayspring a subsidiary of Word Records.
 Sound Venture is a jazz album recorded by Georgie Fame and the Harry South Big Band in 1966. Featuring many of the Britain’s top jazz musicians and arranged by leading big band arranger Harry South the album was a break from Fame’s earlier R&B hits.Elvis Costello in a 1999 interview for the UK music magazine Mojo said the album was critical to his future musical career.
 Domestic Powerviolence is a split LP/CD between Agoraphobic Nosebleed and Apartment 213. The album's cover art is a homage to Johnny Craig's cover art from issue #35 of the comic book The Vault of Horror. The artwork was created by German artist Florian Bertmer. Agoraphobic Nosebleed's side is a departure from their usual micro-burst grind style. It features two distorted basses no guitars slower tempos longer running times and constant shifts in tempo and time signature.
 Candy is the fifth album by the Vallejo California musical group Con Funk Shun. It was released in 1979 on the Mercury Records label.
 Outside The Barcode is a digital only acoustic EP by Ghanaian/Canadian musician Kae Sun. Recorded in a one day session on a farm in Acton Ontario and made available only through the artist's website.
 Acid Queen is Tina Turner's second solo album released in 1975 on the EMI label in the UK and on United Artists in the US. Although it is a Tina Turner solo album the very first single Baby Get It On was a duet with Ike Turner Tina Turner's musical partner and husband at the time. As it turned out it was her last solo album to be released before she left Ike Turner and the Ike & Tina Turner Revue.
 My Life is the album released by Don Chezina. It leaked during the released but its available download on Walmart.com. Guest Stars are Tony Touch Rey Pirin Nandee Rhythms Arcangel Castrophobia Guelo Star J-King & Maximan Master Joe Felo Man and 50 Cent
 The Bunkhouse Vol. 1: Anchor Black Tattoo is the fourth studio album by the Irish folk musician and singer-songwriter Fionn Regan released on 7 September 2012 on Universal Music.
 Reverie is a 2011 album by American singer-songwriter Joe Henry. Mojo placed the album at number 50 on its list of the Top 50 Albums Of 2011.
 The Best of Wham!: If You Were There... was the second U.K.-released compilation released in 1997 to summarize the career of British pop duo Wham!. It peaked at UK #4. The end of the album features a hidden track that was first heard on their debut album Fantastic.Many Wham! fans consider this compilation vastly inferior to the band's previous compilation 1986's The Final not only due to the non-inclusion of Bad Boys but also discarding Careless Whisper and A Different Corner.
 Ana José Nacho is a compilation album by the group Mecano. It was released in 1998 and was produced by the group itself. There are two editions: Spain and France. It includes 8 new songs by the brothers Cano: José and Nacho; these tracks were recorded in CTS Studios and Belsize Park in London; and Red Led and Eurosonic in Madrid.
 James Blake is the debut studio album by London-based electronic music producer James Blake. It was released in both the United Kingdom and the United States on his own label ATLAS supported by A&M Records on 4 February 2011. The release was supported with the release of its first single Limit to Your Love on 28 November 2010.The album's details including artwork and track listing were announced on 20 December 2010.
 BBC Sound Effects No. 19: Doctor Who Sound Effects was a 1978 compilation of sound effects by the BBC Radiophonic Workshop from the popular BBC science fiction series Doctor Who. It was the first album in the BBC Sound Effects series to feature solely Radiophonic Workshop output and also the first commercial release of an album of the innovative Doctor Who sound effects and atmospheres.
 Handog ni Guy Live is the first live album of singer-actress Nora Aunor. It was released in 1991 in the Philippines under WEA. In celebration of its 20th year anniversary Universal Records re-issued Handog Ni Guy Live Album in 2011.This album was recorded live from Aunor's first major concert at the Araneta Coliseum on May 18 1991 few day before her 38th birthday.
 Stomp On Tripwires is the debut album from The Cops. It was released on 20 September 2004 on the Love Police Records label and distributed through Reverberation.
 It's a Cool Cool Christmas is a Christmas charity compilation album released in 2000 by Xfm on Jeepster Records in aid of The Big Issue. The album includes a mixture of traditional Christmas songs and original songs with a Christmas theme.
 Guitar Music is an album by American guitarist Leo Kottke released in 1981. The album is all solo guitar played on a Gibson J-45 and a Lundberg-Martin 12-string.
 Ghosts of the Past is the fifth studio album by Australian rock band Eskimo Joe released on 12 August 2011. It is the band's first album to be released on their independent record label Dirt Diamonds Productions. In an interview with the band they described the album's sound as less polished than their previous album. Recording for the album began in late 2010 and finished in February 2011. The first track to be released and heard from the album's recording sessions was When We Were Kids.
 Betrayal is studio album by Muslimgauze. The cover of the album is close-up image of Yassir Arafat and Yitzhak Rabin shaking hands during the Oslo Accords. From the Staalplaat press release:After it was known that there was coming a peace treaty between Israel and the PLO Muslimgauze decided to record a completely new album to replace the announced release 'Shekel Of Israeli Occupation' (originally dedicated to Yasser Arafat) by 'Betrayal'. Never a title was more clearer then this one.
 Mastermind is the third mini-album played by South Korean boy band Beast and was released by Cube Entertainment on September 30 2010. The lead single Soom is composed by Shinsadong Tiger and Choi Gyusung with lyrics written by both the composers Rado and member Yong Junhyung.
 GoldenEye is the soundtrack to the 17th James Bond film of the same name and was composed by Éric Serra. It was released by EMI on November 14 1995.
 One More Day is the sixth studio album produced by American country band Diamond Rio. The album was released in 2001. Although its lead-off single Stuff peaked at #36 on the Hot Country Songs charts the title track became popular on radio after the death of Dale Earnhardt Sr. and eventually went on to become a Number One country hit. Also released from this album were Sweet Summer and That's Just That.
 The Space Age Playboys is the fifth album by the band Warrior Soul. It was first released in the UK on Music For Nations in 1994. It was released the following year in North America.The combination of Kory Clarke's acidic lyrics and new guitarist XFactor's (aka Gene Poole aka Alex) punk-tinged buzz-tone created a fresh new sound dubbed Acid Punk. The British influence of XFactor's hard-driving guitar gave Clarke what might have been the perfect backdrop for his brilliant rants.
 Number 23 Gangsta Grillz is the first mixtape by the American rapper Dorrough and DJ Drama released on February 21 2010. It is a part of Drama's 'Gangsta Grillz' series and is also an advertisement mixtape for Dorrough's next studio album Get Big.
 I Am the Messiah is a self-produced album recorded by MC Honky—thought to be E of the band Eels. Other guests on the album include Eels drummer Butch Eels bassist Koool G Murder and Joey Waronker. An animated music video was made for Sonnet No. 3 (Like a Duck) and included on the enhanced CD.
 Spirit Black is the sixth studio album by Jørn Lande. It was also released under his Stagename Jorn. Jorn describes the album as a crossover between The Duke and Lonely Are the Brave. He says that The musical style and direction is now more defined and less experimental. He also says that the fans can expect a solid and defined record.
 Travelling Like the Light is the debut album of English musician V V Brown released 13 July 2009 on Island Records. Initially released in the United Kingdom the album was digitally released in the United States on 2 February 2010 and was physically released on 20 April 2010. Brown was inspired by an unsuccessful romantic relationship when writing most of the album.
 Out of Silence is Yanni's third album released on the Private Music label in 1987 (see 1987 in music). It was during this year that Yanni was putting together his first touring band which included Joyce Imbesi and John Tesh on keyboards and Charlie Adams on drums.The album was reissued in 2009 by Valley Entertainment.
 The Black Album was the fourth album by The Damned and the first to feature Paul Gray on bass guitar.It was released in October 1980 on Chiswick as a double album with Curtain Call filling the whole of side three and a selection of live tracks recorded at Shepperton Studios for Damned fan club members on side four.The song 13th Floor Vendetta pays tribute to the film The Abominable Dr. Phibes (1971) opening with the lyrics ...the organ plays to midnight on maldine Square tonight.
 Side Effects of You is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Fantasia Barrino. The album was released in the United States on April 23 2013 by RCA Records after the disbanding of J Records in 2011. The album features guest appearances from Big K.R.I.T. Kelly Rowland and Missy Elliott. In the summer of 2013 Barrino promoted the album with the Side Effects of You Tour.
 Collection' is a compilation album by British band The Charlatans it was released in October 2007.
 Fuse of Love is the fifth studio album by Japanese recording artist Mai Kuraki. It was released on August 24 2005 over two years after If I Believe.
 Jump Up! is the sixteenth studio album by British singer/songwriter Elton John released in 1982 by The Rocket Record Company except in the US and Canada where it was released by Geffen Records.It was recorded at AIR Studios in Montserrat and Pathe Marconi Studios in France.It features such songs as Empty Garden (Hey Hey Johnny) a tribute to John Lennon (who had also signed to Geffen for the release of Double Fantasy which is now owned by EMI).
 The Budos Band is the self-titled debut album by Staten Island New York-based group The Budos Band. It was released on 2005 through Daptone Records.
 Twisted Christmas is a humorous Christmas album recorded by Bob Rivers and his Comedy Corp. It is the first in a line of Christmas-themed parody albums from Rivers with later entries including I Am Santa Claus More Twisted Christmas Chipmunks Roasting on an Open Fire and White Trash Christmas.
 Dirk Wears White Sox is the debut studio album by Adam and the Ants. It was released on 30 October 1979 through Do It Records. It holds the distinction of being the very first number one album on the UK Independent Albums Chart when the chart debuted in Record Week in 1980.The album was made with an early line-up of Adam and the Ants which disbanded after the album was released.
 Destination Unknown is the third album from Israeli psychedelic trance producer Vibe Tribe released on 2009.
 Word of Mouth was the second album by Jaco Pastorius released in 1981 while the bassist was a member of Weather Report and also the name of a big band group that Pastorius assembled and with whom he toured from 1981 to 1986. While his debut album showcased his eclectic and impressive skills on the electric bass Word of Mouth focused more on his ability to compose and arrange for a larger band than was previously featured on his first album.
 The Blue God is the second studio album by British singer-songwriter Martina Topley-Bird her first in five years. Released on 12 May 2008 the album had been complete since at least September 2007. Since then Topley-Bird slowly revealed track titles and posted songs from the album on her official website and her MySpace page. The Blue God was produced by Danger Mouse.The album was preceded by its first single Carnies on 3 March 2008.
 Deaf to Our Prayers is the fourth full-length album by the German metal band Heaven Shall Burn. The title was inspired by the famous poem The Silesian Weavers by German poet Heinrich Heine.[citation needed] The first video released for this album was of the song Counterweight. Marcus uses deeper style of his vocals similar to more of death metal for this album.
 Warm Slime is an album by San Francisco-based garage rock band Thee Oh Sees. It was their third album released under the name Thee Oh Sees and their eighth full-length studio album overall.
 I Look to You is the sixth and final studio album by American recording artist Whitney Houston. It was first released on August 28 2009 through Sony Music in Europe then August 31 2009 with Arista Records in the United States before being released by RCA Records in the United Kingdom on October 19 2009. The album was Houston's first studio album since 2003's One Wish and the follow-up to 2002's Just Whitney....
 Age to Age is the sixth album by Christian music singer Amy Grant released in 1982 on Myrrh Records.Age to Age was Amy Grant's breakthrough album finally earning her serious recognition within the burgeoning Contemporary Christian music community as it ushered her into stardom and also contributed to the creation of the mold for the modern Contemporary Christian music star. The hit success of the album's first two singles Sing Your Praise to the Lord featuring a piano intro based on J.S.
 The Composer of Desafinado Plays is the debut album (see 1963 in music) by Antonio Carlos Jobim. It was released in 1963.
 The Silhouette is the second studio album by gothic/doom metal band Ava Inferi. It was released on Season of Mist on 15 October 2007.
 Cooleyhighharmony is the 1991 debut album by Motown group Boyz II Men. Executive produced by Michael Bivins of New Edition and Bell Biv DeVoe the album features the hit singles Motownphilly and It's So Hard to Say Goodbye to Yesterday a G.C.
 Freddie Foxxx Is Here is the debut album by East Coast hip hop artist Freddie Foxxx. It is produced by Foxxx himself as well as Eric B. of Eric B. & Rakim.
 Live at The Gaslight 1962 is a live album including ten songs from early Bob Dylan performances at The Gaslight Cafe in New York City's Greenwich Village. Released in 2005 by Columbia Records it was originally distributed through an exclusive 18-month deal with Starbucks after which it was released to the general retail market.Live at The Gaslight 1962 was recorded early in Dylan's career when he was still virtually unknown outside of Greenwich Village.
 Listen Without Prejudice Vol. 1 is the second solo album from British pop star George Michael (on this album it is spelled as George Michæl) released in September 1990.The album was Michael's final album of all-new material on Columbia Records until 2004's Patience. It was the album's disappointing sales in the U.S. that led to Michael's legal battles against Sony Music in which he accused the corporation of not fully supporting him as an artist.
 S. F. Sound Furniture is the fourth album of the Japanese electro group Capsule released in 2004. Super Scooter Happy was covered by Kyary Pamyu Pamyu on her 2013 album Nanda Collection.
 Rebeldes – Ao vivo is the first live album by Brazilian musical group Rebeldes. The album was officially released on April 11 2012 and includes the launch of the first DVD album with the same title.Recorded at Espaço das Americas in Sao Paulo the DVD is part of the band's first tour.
 Lovin' Life is an album from Contemporary Christian Southern Gospel group Gaither Vocal Band. The album was released on April 15 2008.
 Break the Curse is a demo album recorded in 1990 by Australian Christian metal group Mortification and released in 1994. The album focuses on Mortification's thrash metal style rather than their later death metal. Four tracks were re-recorded for the band's eponymous debut studio album Mortification (1991).
 Cycle of Eternity is the seventh album by the German electronic composer Peter Frohmader released in 1994 through Cuneiform Records.
 Take Off Your Colours is the debut full-length studio album by English pop punk band You Me at Six released on the October 6 2008 through Slam Dunk Records. The album was a moderate commercial success charting on the UK Albums Chart at No. 25 however the album was well received by critics. In 2012 the album was certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for shipments of 100000 copies.
 Time to Fly was the first full-length album from Toronto-based rock band Sea of Green released on the Music Cartel label in 2001. The album was produced by '70s producer Nick Blagona who has worked with the likes of Deep Purple The Police and Rush amongst others.
 Headstrong is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Ashley Tisdale released on February 6 2007 by Warner Bros. Records. Tisdale began working on the project after the first installment of High School Musical (2006) and after she had achieved the feat of being the first female artist to debut with two songs on the Billboard Hot 100. The singer worked with a variety of established writers and producers on the album including Diane Warren J.R.
 Hunka Lunka is the only studio album by the Finnish folk music band Shamaani Duo who later changed their name to Shaman and later to Korpiklaani. This album featured the original lineup of the band which consisted of guitarist/singer/songwriter Jonne Järvelä and singer Maaren Aikio. Aikio departed following the release of this album and the band morphed into Shaman.
 Patti LaBelle is the debut solo album for singer Patti LaBelle released in the fall of 1977. The first album LaBelle recorded after sixteen years fronting Labelle (formerly Patti LaBelle and the Bluebelles) it's notable for the dance hit Joy to Have Your Love the classic gospel-inspiring ballad You Are My Friend and the Angelo Funky Knuckles Nocentelli mid-tempo number I Think About You which was recently played on the third season of RuPaul's Drag Race.
 Transform is the sixth studio album by Christian pop and rock singer Rebecca St. James. It was released on October 24 2000 and debuted at No. 166 on the Billboard 200. The album spawned two of St. James' biggest hits Wait for Me and Reborn.
 Growing Flowers By Candlelight is the debut album by Ainslie Henderson released independently in July 2006.
 The Green Bicycle Case is the second album from The Lucksmiths released in 1995 on Candle Records (catalogue number LUCKY3.)
 Gone Just Like a Train is the tenth album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. It was released in 1998 and features performances by Frisell Viktor Krauss and Jim Keltner. The cover art is by comics artist Jim Woodring.
 All the People Said Amen is the first compilation album by CCM recording artist Matt Maher released on April 23 2013. It is his fourth album with Essential Records which this marks the seventh album for his career. The album was produced by Matt Maher and Paul Moak.
 Tekken 2 Original Sound Tracks (鉄拳2 オリジナルサウンドトラック) is the officially licensed soundtrack of the PlayStation video game Tekken 2 the second installment to the Tekken Series. It was released in two versions sets same as Tekken Original Sound Tracks.
 Another Green World is the third studio album by English musician Brian Eno. Produced by Eno and Rhett Davies it was originally released by Island Records in September 1975. As he had done with previous solo albums Eno worked with several guest musicians including Phil Collins John Cale and Robert Fripp. The album marked a great musical change from Eno's previous albums.
 Here Come the Bombs is the debut solo album of former Supergrass front man Gaz Coombes who performed all of the instruments on the album. It was released on 21 May 2012 by record label Hot Fruit Records.
 Last of the Independents is the sixth album by rock group The Pretenders released in 1994. For this album the band is officially credited as being Chrissie Hynde (vocals guitar) Adam Seymour (guitar) Andy Hobson (bass) and Martin Chambers (drums). However this line-up only plays together on one track (All My Dreams); the rest of the album is performed by Hynde and Seymour in conjunction with a rotating series of musicians on bass and drums.
 Playing God and Other Short Stories is the seventh studio album by Israeli death metal band Salem released on April 3 2010.The album features At the Gates vocalist Tomas Lindberg singing lead vocals on The Mark of the Beast Part 2 and co-lead vocals on The Mark of the Beast Part 1.The album features an unusual death metal cover to Bob Marley's classic song Exodus.
 Les Voyages de L'Âme (English: The Journeys of the Soul) is the third studio album by Alcest released on January 6 2012 by Prophecy Productions. Autre Temps was also released in a different version as a single and was made into a music video.
 U snovima (trans. In the Dreams) is the second studio album from former Yugoslav and Serbian glam metal band Karizma.Album features a cover of Oliver Mandić's song Ljuljaj me nežno.Cover art was designed by the band's drummer Goran Edi Tadić.
 Mr. Tambourine Man is the debut album by the American folk rock band The Byrds and was released in June 1965 on Columbia Records (see 1965 in music). The album along with the single of the same name established the band as an internationally successful rock act and was also influential in originating the musical style known as folk rock. The term folk rock was in fact first coined by the U.S. music press to describe the band's sound in mid-1965 at around the same time that the Mr.
 Living in a Moon so Blue is the fifth Jandek album and was issued as Corwood 0743 in 1982. It was reissued on CD in 2001.
 Honour & Blood is the fourth album by the British heavy metal band Tank released in 1984. By the time of this album Algy Ward was the last original member of the group remaining as the Brabbs brothers had been replaced by Cliff Evans on guitar and Graeme Crallan on drums (reuniting Crallan with his former bandmate in White Spirit Mick Tucker).
 Anywhere Anyone is an experimental project and an EP by Dntel released by the Plug Research label in 2000. The genre of this album is electronic with styles of IDM downtempo and experimental rock.An EP consisting of remixes by Silent Servant & Regis (part of Sandwell District) and Pearson Sound was released in 2011 on the Sub Pop label.
 Dimanches à l'Élysée (Sundays at the Élysée) is the fifth live album by Alain Bashung issued posthumously in November 2009 on Barclay Records. It documents the 2008-2009 tour which followed the album Bleu pétrole.
 Planet are a series of three releases of brand new material by British house duo Basement Jaxx released in 2008. They bridge the gap between Crazy Itch Radio in 2006 and Scars/Zephyr in 2009.
 Farewell Old Friends is the sixth full-length album by the Christian rock band Bleach. It was released in 2005 under Tooth & Nail Records. This is Bleach's last album and was released after the band disbanded.
 The Weatherman LP is the first album by Dilated Peoples member Evidence released March 20 2007 by ABB.
 Mighty Morphin Power Rangers The Movie: Original Soundtrack Album is the licensed soundtrack to the 1995 Twentieth Century Fox film Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie. It was released by Fox Records and Atlantic Records on June 8 1995 on Audio CD and Compact Cassette.
 Freier Fall (Free Fall) is Christina Stürmer's debut album after she took part in Starmania.It was the most successful album of an Austria artist since Falco and it was on top of the Austria Top 40 and the Italian hit charts for weeks.The most famous song of this album is Ich lebe which Stürmer also put on her debut album for Germany and Switzerland (Schwarz Weiss).The album was certified 4× Platinum in Austria.
 Middle Earth is the third solo studio album by Bob Catley released by Frontiers Records in 2000.The album draws upon J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings for inspiration. The original title for the album given to the music press was Lord of the Rings.
 Naked and Fearless: Acoustic EP is the eighth EP by Californian rock band Papa Roach. The EP is only available digitally. It features three acoustic versions of songs from their 2009 album Metamorphosis. The acoustic version of Had Enough is featured on the ...To Be Loved: The Best of Papa Roach album.
 D. C. Cooper is the debut studio album released by D. C. Cooper.
 Captain Beyond the first album by Captain Beyond was released in 1972 and featured former members of Iron Butterfly Deep Purple Johnny Winter and Rick Derringer. The album cover for the U.S. release included 3-D artwork (using lenticular printing).
 Together is a 1974 album by British group The New Seekers. It features the No. 1 single You Won't Find Another Fool Like Me and the top five follow-up I Get a Little Sentimental Over You. It was the last album the group released before a much-publicised split.
 Soundtrack to a Vacant Life is the eighth studio album by The Flashbulb (Benn Jordan) released in 2008.The track Suspended in a Sunbeam contains an excerpt from Carl Sagan's book Pale Blue Dot which may serve as a prelude to Jordan's following album Pale Blue Dot.It was officially released on BitTorrent by Jordan after he had found out that Apple sold his songs on iTunes without permission.Voice in track Kirlian Voyager taken from the movie Waking Life.
 Noble (full title Noble -Vampire Chronicles-) is the debut album from Versailles. It was first released digitally on July 9 2008 exclusively on international iTunes Stores and then in a standard CD release on July 16.This album was released in four different editions. The first edition is the standard Japanese edition which came with 12 tracks and an additional DVD containing three music videos.
 Mesh & Lace is the debut studio album by English post-punk band Modern English. It was released on 6 April 1981 through record label 4AD.
 Money Run is the third album by Bad Azz.
 Desert Lights is the fifth studio album by Australian band Something for Kate released on 1 June 2006. The album peaked at No.1 on the ARIA Charts. Cigarettes and Suitcases was the first single to be released followed by Oh Kamikaze. The third single California received a limited release.
 Coal Chamber is the eponymous debut album by American nu metal band Coal Chamber. It was released on February 11 1997 by Roadrunner Records and contains the single Loco.The Special Edition of the album contains the bonus tracks Headstones and the Walking Dead Big Truck (Hand-On-Wheel Mix) Pig (Demo) Sway (Demo) Unspoiled (Demo) and Loco (Demo) (all of which are available on Giving the Devil His Due).
 A Heavy Mental Christmas is a CD released by heavy metal band Helix in 2008. It is Helix' 11th full length studio album and 20th album released overall. It is a Christmas album featuring both standards and original music. It was released in Walmart stores in Canada in October 2008 through Universal Music and GBS Records.
 Last Exit to Garageland is the debut album of New Zealand band Garageland released in June 1996 on Flying Nun Records. The album was reissued in the UK on Discordant Records in September 1997 and in the US on Foodchain Records in September 1997. In 2003 Foodchain issued a newer release which included bonus tracks.
 Block to Block is the debut album of the band De Press. It was released in 1981 and was produced by John Leckie.
 Time Is A Machine is the fourth studio album by American spoken word band Listener released on 18 June 2013 on Tangled Talk Records.
 Oh for the Getting and Not Letting Go is the self-released second album by All Smiles. It was released on June 30 2009.
 Sonicflood is the first album by the Christian rock band Sonicflood released in 1999. The album has modern pop and rock renditions of praise and worship songs. Musically the release was likened to a combination of Third Eye Blind and Radiohead or PFR.
 Jackyl is the eponymous debut album by the band Jackyl. It was released in November 1992 on Geffen.
 A Cowboy Has to Sing is the third Sons of the San Joaquin album and the first for a major label. All of the album's songs were written by members of the Sons of the Pioneers. Though newly recorded the songs on this album can all be found on the two previous releases.
 Sun..! was the debut release from the British band Silver Sun. At the time of release Sun was also the name of the band though after finding out there was a German band with the same name the band were forced to change their name. [1]
 Hits U Missed is a 2004 compilation album from Hip Hop artist Masta Ace released through his self-owned M3 record label. The compilation features a number of singles released during his MIA period between 1996 and 2000 as well as a few B-Side songs from past singles.
 Honk Toot Suite is a studio album by contemporary folk musicians Éamonn Coyne and Kris Drever released on January 27 2007 on Compass Records.The album's liner notes state that: On this recording we wanted to explore some of the different types of music that influence our playing and tickle our fancy. As well as recording traditional music of various countries we wanted to record some self-penned and some newly written tunes.The Viking's Bride is written by Kris Drever's father Ivan Drever.
 Rock and Roll Over is the fifth studio album by Kiss released in 1976. It was recorded at the Star Theatre and in order to get the proper drum sound Peter Criss recorded the drum tracks in a bathroom communicating via video-link with the rest of the band. Criss's vocals are featured on the tracks Baby Driver and Hard Luck Woman.
 Energy To Burn is the third album by the Brooklyn New York band B.T. Express. Released in May 1976 this would be their first album on Columbia Records as well as be the first album keyboardist Kashif then known as Michael Jones would contribute on.
 So Tough (1993) is the second studio album by British band Saint Etienne. It is their highest-charting album to date reaching No. 7 on the UK Album Chart. The album takes its title from the Beach Boys album Carl and the Passions – So Tough.The album was indebted to sixties classics The Who Sell Out by The Who Smile by The Beach Boys and Head by The Monkees.
 Butchered at Birth is the second studio album by American death metal band Cannibal Corpse. It was released in 1991 through Metal Blade Records. The artwork was censored for a few years (around 1992-1994) - where only the name of the band and title of the album as well as a circled censored version and the notice special uncensored offer inside could be read. The background of the censored version was plain white.
 Stranger Things Have Happened is Justin Guarini's second album. Independently released in 2005 the album consist of modern jazz arrangements of classic standards as well as the original title track.
 Truckload Of Trouble is a compilation album by The Pastels released in 1994. It consists of a number of singles released by the band from 1986-1994.
 Reverence is an EP by the symphonic black metal band Emperor. It was released as a teaser for their then-upcoming full-length album Anthems to the Welkin at Dusk with the first song being a track from that album the second a song that was recorded for it but subsequently left off and the third song an instrumental version of Inno a Satana from In the Nightside Eclipse. The songs themselves ended up being added to the Century Black release of Anthems to the Welkin at Dusk.
 Isolate - The Numa Years is a compilation album by Gary Numan. It was released in March 1992 on CD and cassette and contains tracks issued on his own Numa Records label during the years 1984-1986. The songs (mainly in their extended or long forms) are taken from the albums Berserker The Fury and Strange Charm. The four page insert contains printed lyrics to all the tracks.CD copies of this album are known to suffer from CD bronzing.
 EP001 is the debut release by Thenewno2 a band composed of Dhani Harrison and Oliver Hecks. Originally released as a promotional single on 28 August 2006 the EP was released on the iTunes Store in early February 2007. The songs on the EP feature female vocals by Amanda Butterworth.
 The Talking Animals is an album by T-Bone Burnett released in 1987.Guests include Ruben Blades Peter Case Bono and Tonio K
 The Fall of Ideals is the third studio album by All That Remains released on July 11 2006. Three music videos were created for the songs This Calling Not Alone and The Air That I Breathe. It is the only All That Remains release with drummer Shannon Lucas and first album to feature their current bassist Jeanne Sagan. The Fall of Ideals is the only one not to have a title track.
 America Salutes Merzbow (The Lowest Tribute: A Collection of Merzbow Classics as Covered by America's Lowest!) is a 1996 tribute album featuring 23 artists covering various works by Merzbow.
 Wizard of Harlem is Loon's second independent release after leaving Bad Boy Records. It contains tracks such as Jimmy and Kill You that continue rivalries with fellow Harlem rappers Jim Jones 40 Cal and Mase. The album's outro contains part of the on-air confrontation between Loon and 40 Cal on Miss Jones' show on Hot 97 concerning the shovel incident.
 The Dumbest Magnets is the third studio album by Chicago based alt-country band Dolly Varden and was released in 2000. This album was recorded in Nashville with producer Brad Jones.
 Pink Cadillac is the sixth album by American folk singer and songwriter John Prine released in 1979. It was produced by Knox Phillips and Jerry Phillips; they are the sons of Sam Phillips who produced two of the album's tracks (Saigon and How Lucky).
 Circle the Wagons is the fourteenth album by the Norwegian band Darkthrone. The album was released on 5 April 2010. Fenriz the band's drummer describes the music as Darkthrone's own brand of heavy metal/speed metal-punk and declares it a further shift from their old black metal style. About half of the album was written by Fenriz and half by Nocturno Culto.The catalog number ANTI-KING OV HELL 001 appears in the liner notes of the album.
 Have Moicy is the 1976 album released by Michael Hurley The Unholy Modal Rounders Jeffrey Frederick & The Clamtones.In 2011 Light In The Attic Records reissued Have Moicy on vinyl
 Blur is the fifth studio album by the English rock band Blur released on 10 February 1997 by Food Records. Blur had previously been broadly critical of American popular culture and their previous albums had become associated with the Britpop movement particularly Parklife (1994) which had helped them become one of Britain's leading pop acts.
 Heavy Metal Music is the debut studio album from heavy metal band Newsted. The album was released on August 6 2013. It is the first Newsted release to feature guitarist Mike Mushok who joined the band following their debut release EP Metal (2013).
 Alto Madness is an album by saxophonists Jackie McLean and John Jenkins recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label.
 Counting Stars is the ninth studio album by American Christian rock musician Andrew Peterson. It was released through Centricity Music on July 27 2010.
 Rise to Power is the fourth studio album by American death metal band Monstrosity. The album was recorded at Audio Hammer studios in Sanford Florida with engineer Jason Suecof and was released on September 23 2003 through Conquest Music.During the tour in promotion of Rise to Power Monstrosity headlined the Rock al Parque festival in Bogotá Colombia and performed in front of 80000 people.
 Black Monk Time is the debut studio album by Germany-based American rock band The Monks. It was released in March 1966 through Polydor Records and was the only album released during the band's original incarnation. The album's subversive style and lyrical content was radical for its time and today is considered an important landmark in the development of punk rock.
 Mind If We Make Love to You is an album by the American power pop group The Wondermints. It was released in 2002 on record label Smile Records.
 Unlike A Virgin is the second album of Slovenian band Silence released on October 18 1999. According to the band it covers about eight years of work. Most of the songs were actually written at the very beginnings of Silence (92-94) and labeled too strange for publication at the time. It was awarded Album of the year in Orkus one of the most influential German alternative music magazines.
 Ayaam Hayati (Arabic: ايام حياتي) is a 2008 album by Samira Said. It was released for sale in stores and on the internet on Jul 17 2008.
 Bye Bye Baby I Don't Want to Take a Chance is the debut album by Motown recording artist Mary Wells released on Motown in 1961. The album didn't chart but yielded two hit singles for the teenaged Wells including Bye Bye Baby which she issued in late 1960 and a song she had originally written as a demo for Jackie Wilson and I Don't Want to Take a Chance a song written for her by Berry Gordy and Mickey Stevenson. Wells' follow-up album The One Who Really Loves You was released in 1962.
 Necrosis is the fourth and final album by the Norwegian death metal band Cadaver. A video was released for the song Decomposed Metal Skin. Design and Illustration by Justin Bartlett: http://www.vberkvlt.com
 Listen to the Band is the first of two box sets of the Monkees issued by Rhino Records (it was superseded in 2001 by Music Box) in 1991 to commemorate the group's 25th anniversary. The box set consisted of 4 CDs covering the years 1966 to 1987 a 30-page LP-sized book featuring interviews with all four Monkees their songwriters and producers and a full-color poster of Monkees memorabilia.Most of the tracks were remixed from the original multitrack tapes.
 Quadrinity: Member's Best Selections is a compilation album by L'Arc-en-Ciel. It released on March 10 2010. There are four discs. Each disc has seven songs written by one of the members of the band. There is a CD version and a CD/DVD version. The DVD includes a 65 minute L'Arcquiz that asks the band questions about themselves and their music.
 Sons of Butcher is the self-titled debut album from the Canadian heavy metal band of the same name. It features a dozen tracks all of which have been featured in the Sons of Butcher TV show.
 Farewell is the eighth studio recording released by the Toshiko Akiyoshi – Lew Tabackin Big Band. The album received a 1980 Grammy award nomination for Best Jazz Instrumental Performance - Big Band.
 Warball is the ninth album by heavy metal band Vicious Rumors released in 2006.
 D-Trick is the second solo album by Daisuke Asakura as well as the last solo album released by him before he joined the popular J-pop group Access. It was released on September 2 1992 and features vocals by Reimy on track 5 and Hiroyuki Takami on tracks 5 7 and 12.
 Anthem is an album by Steve Lacy released on the Arista Novus label in 1990. It features five of Lacy's compositions (and one by Jean-Jacques Avenel) with texts by Osip Mandelstam and Mary Frazee performed by Lacy Bobby Few Steve Potts Jean-Jacques Avenel John Betsh Sam Kelly Glenn Ferris La Velle and Irene Aebi.
 Glory Times is a 1995 compilation album by Portishead which contains mixes of songs from Dummy as well as the theme from their short film To Kill a Dead Man. The two discs are the same as the respective singles for Sour Times and Glory Box.
 Dreamweapon: An Evening of Contemporary Sitar Music is a live album by Spacemen 3.
 Skywalker 1999 is Kai Tracid's first artist album released on 4 January 1999.
 Daydream Anonymous is the third studio album by InMe and was released on September 10 2007. It is the first album to feature Greg McPherson (Dave's younger brother) on bass. Following the release the band got back out on tour starting at Wolverhampton Wulfrun Hall on the 15th of September 2007.
 Dishwalla is the self-titled fourth studio album by Dishwalla.
 The Upside of Down is the second studio album by Christian Contemporary Christian R&B musician Chris August. It was released on August 21 2012 through Fervent Records and the album was produced by Chris August and Ian Eskelin. The album debuted at No. 101 on the Billboard 200 chart and at No. 3 on the Christian Albums chart. In addition the lead single from the album Center of It has garnered chart success.
 KRS-One is the second album released by hip hop artist KRS-One under his own name. The album was originally meant to be titled Hip-Hop Vs. Rap as can be seen in the early The Source's and Rap Pages reviews which also reveals that a few tracks were scrapped at the last minute in addition to the change of album title. These songs include the Diamond D produced song What I Know the ragga-flavoured Club Dems and a few interludes including Kris Is... and Meta-physician.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album of live and studio tracks by Elkie Brooks.Compiled in 2000 it was issued on CD in the same year by Brilliant in Germany only.
 For the 1992 single by alternative metal band Helmet see Unsung (song).Unsung EP is an EP released on December 6 2005 by Christian Hardcore/Mathcore group The Chariot. It contains two new songs and four re-worked versions of songs from their debut album Everything Is Alive Everything Is Breathing Nothing Is Dead and Nothing Is Bleeding.
 The Days of Wine and Roses was the second album and the debut full-length album by American alternative rock band The Dream Syndicate. Produced by Chris D. (of The Flesh Eaters/The Divine Horsemen) it was recorded in Los Angeles in September 1982 and released later that year on Chris D.'s Ruby Records which was a division of Slash Records.
 Danielle Peck is the debut album for country singer Danielle Peck. It was released on June 6 2006 on Big Machine Records. Three singles from this album charted on the Hot Country Songs chart between 2005 and 2007. These were I Don't at No. 28 Findin' a Good Man at No. 16 and Isn't That Everything at No. 30.
 Yin and Yang are the titles of two separate compilation albums by Fish co-released in 1995. They are a retrospective on Fish's four solo albums and four albums with Marillion.Yin and Yang were released on Fish's independent label Dick Bros Record Company. There also was a radio edits promotional release containing eight tracks each with a roughly one-minute long introduction spoken by Fish. This CD was also available as a fan-club mail-order edition.
 Self-Portrait is Raymond Lam's seventh album. Released on August 17 2012. The album contains 11 tracks and 5 music videos (CD + DVD).
 Sin Vergüenza is the third studio album recorded by Bacilos released on September 28 2004. The album won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Pop Album by a Duo or Group with Vocals.
 The Doors - Collection is a 1999 DVD release by The Doors.This Doors DVD compiles three films Live at the Hollywood Bowl Dance on Fire and The Soft Parade - A Retrospective . The first was filmed live at the Hollywood Bowl in the summer of 1968. The second is a collection of 14 videos including some rare footage from television performances.
 Fix Me is the debut studio album by Marianas Trench. It contains the single Say Anything as well as Decided to Break It and Shake Tramp all of which had music videos made to promote the singles. The album was engineered and mixed by Mike Fraser. It contains songs which were on their first EP Marianas Trench.
 Solid is a 1974 blues-rock album recorded by The Groundhogs originally released by WWA Records. It was arranged composed engineered and produced by band member Tony McPhee. It entered the UK album charts in July 1974 reaching number 31 but remained in the charts for only one week.
 The Genius of Ray Charles is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Ray Charles released in 1959 by Atlantic Records. The album eschewed the soul sound of his 1950s recordings which fused jazz gospel and blues for swinging pop with big band arrangements. It comprises a first half of big band songs and a second half of string-backed ballads. The Genius of Ray Charles sold less than 500000 copies and charted at number 17 on the Billboard 200.
 Desensitized is an album by the industrial metal band Pitchshifter released in 1993. A music video was made for the track Triad that featured the band playing in a white room. The same track was also featured in the 1994 science fiction/horror film Brainscan.
 The Man in a Blue Turban with a Face is the debut album by experimental rock group Man Man.
 Countless Centuries Fled into the Distance Like So Many Storms is a studio EP by Sonic Youth's Lee Ranaldo. It was released on July 22 2008. It is a one-sided 12 EP pressed on light-green vinyl and housed in a clear PVC-jacket. It consists of five untitled instrumental tracks on the A-side and an etched picture of a snake-like creature on the B-side. The etching is by Savage Pencil and is similar to the one on Ranaldo's From Here to Infinity LP.
 The Marshall Mathers LP 2 is the eighth studio album by American rapper Eminem released on November 5 2013 by Aftermath Entertainment Shady Records and Interscope Records. A continuation of Eminem's most acclaimed studio effort 2000's The Marshall Mathers LP production for the album took place from 2012 to 2013 and was handled by Eminem and other record producers including Rick Rubin Luis Resto Emile Haynie and Alex da Kid.
 Maybe Not Tonight is the title of the sixth studio album released by American country music artist Sammy Kershaw. It was released in 1999 (see 1999 in country music) on Mercury Records. The first album of his career not to achieve an RIAA certification it also failed to produce any Top Ten country hits. The lead-off single which was the title track duet with Lorrie Morgan (also included on her 1999 album My Heart) reached #17 on the country charts.
 In Concert Zürich October 28 1979 is a Jazz album by Chick Corea (piano) and Gary Burton (vibraphone). It features live versions of tracks that the duo had also played on earlier studio albums (Crystal Silence and Duet).
 Luz Solar is the debut album by MC Ceja.
 Vertically Challenged is the debut EP from UK hip hop artist Lady Sovereign only released in the U.S. and Australia although it could be found in Virgin Megastore in Crawley England.The EP features the UK hit single Random and a remix of her limited edition white-label single Ch Ching (Cheque 1 2).In the US a limited edition was manufactured containing a bonus DVD. The limited edition was not released in Australia.
 The Hidden Perils Of Dancing is the second EP released by Sucioperro on 11 November 2004 through Adorno Records. It was distributed to stores through Cargo as well as being sold at the band's gigs. Its entire pressing of 1000 copies sold out quickly and it is now a sought after CD.[citation needed]The EP features The Drop which is the only track from the first two EPs to appear on the debut album Random Acts of Intimacy for which it was re-recorded and later released as a single in 2006.
 The Jazzpar Prize is an album by Pierre Dorge's New Jungle Orchestra with David Murray released on the Enja label in recognition of the awarding of the 1991 Danish Jazzpar Prize to Murray.
 Classic Jaheim Vol.1 is the first compilation album of Jaheim released on November 25 2008 by Warner Bros. Records.This is a quick and dirty Jaheim anthology covering the singer's first three albums all released on Warner Bros. Records -- Ghetto Love (2001) Still Ghetto (2002) and Ghetto Classics (2006).
 This is the discography of Scale the Summit an instrumental progressive metal band from Houston Texas. Formed in 2004 Scale the Summit have released four studio albums one single and one demo.Scale the Summit was formed in 2004 by guitarist Chris Letchford and some classmates from the Los Angeles Musicians Institute.
 Live is the thirteenth album of Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario and her first live album. It was recorded during a sell-out presentation at the Roberto Clemente Coliseum in 1993.The album was released in 1994.
 Sunforest was the ninth album recorded by American singer-songwriter Tom Rapp (either with or without his group Pearls Before Swine) his second for Blue Thumb Records and his final record before his lengthy retirement from the music industry after the mid-1970s. Sunforest was released in 1973 and was credited to Tom Rapp / Pearls Before Swine.
 Riot Musik is the second album by rap group Junior M.A.F.I.A.. The album was released on April 19 2005 for Mege Media Records. Only three of the original members of the group appeared on the album Lil' Cease Klepto and Banger (formally known as Larceny). The album was a critical and commercial failure selling under 50000 copies and only making it to number 61 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop album chart. Guests on the album include Jadakiss Blake C (formally known as Trife) and Prodigy.
 Everytime We Touch is the debut album from German Eurodance group Cascada consisting of DJ Manian Natalie Horler and Yanou first released on March 24 2006. Recording sessions for the album took place during Fall of 2004 to January 2006 most of which was recorded after the third single from the album Everytime We Touch rose to popularity. It took only three weeks to record. The entire album was produced by the two disc jockeys from Cascada Yanou and DJ Manian.
 Freak Songs is the solo instrumental album released in 2011 by Brazilian guitarist Paulo Schroeber.
 I'm Good Now is the third solo album by Bob Schneider released on April 13 2004.The album is offered in CD format or as a download from the iTunes Store.
 Marcy Playground is the self-titled album by Marcy Playground released on February 25 1997 with EMI. It was reissued later that year on October 7 on Capitol Records with a large amount of promotion for the single Sex and Candy which became the band's breakthrough single spending a then-record 15 weeks at #1 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart during the first few months of 1998. The album also includes the singles St.
 I Kill My Heart (stylized as I KILL MY HEART) is the third studio album by Tommy heavenly6. It was released on April 29 2009 and was Kawase's final album with DefSTAR Records. I Kill My Heart is a concept album in which Tommy heavenly6 uses a less energetic and darker sound than on previous albums and each track was played by the same backing band.
 Appetizer for Destruction is an EP released by Canadian heavy metal band Brown Brigade in October 2006.It was released before the release of their debut album mainly to give fans a taste of the band's sound while the band is working on their full-length album.
 Electric is the third album by The Cult. Released in 1987 the album marked a deliberate stylistic change in the band from a Gothic rock to a hard rock band. Rick Rubin the producer on Electric had been specifically hired to remake the band's sound in an effort to capitalize on the popularity of hard rock and heavy metal in the 1980s.
 Billboard Top Rock'n'Roll Hits: 1962 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1990 featuring 10 hit recordings from 1962.The album includes eight songs that reached the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The remaining two tracks both reached the Hot 100's Top 5. The 1993 re-issue replaced the track Big Girls Don't Cry by the 4 Seasons with Green Onions by Booker T & the M.G.'s thus bringing the number of chart toppers down to seven on this release.
 The Wayfaring Stranger (Asch 345) is an album consisting of three 10-inch 78 rpm records by Burl Ives released on Asch in 1944. It should not be confused with Ives' 1944 album for Columbia Records (C-103) -- also called The Wayfaring Stranger and itself a re-release of a 1941 album on Okeh Records -- which contains different songs.
 Sick Puppies EP is the fourth EP by Australia rock band Sick Puppies. The EP was sold at live events and is now only available on the secondhand market. The EP was released as an enhanced CD with bonus multimedia content featuring lyrics a photo gallery the YouTube Free Hugs video for All the Same and a live video trailer.
 Od Vardara pa do Triglava (trans. From the Vardar to Triglav) is the double live and the third live album by Serbian and former Yugoslav and rock band Riblja Čorba released in 1996. Album was compiled of bootlegs recorded on Riblja Čorba concerts held in 1988 during their Yugoslav tour. The recordings were not remastered or edited in any other way for the release.
 P.S. (A Toad Retrospective) is a compilation by Toad the Wet Sprocket. Released in 1999 it was a posthumous look back at their career featuring hits and fan favorites. Although the band had officially split up prior to this release Glen Phillips Dean Dinning and Randy Guss reunited to record a new version of P.S. one of Toad's earliest songs.
 El Amor is the seventh studio album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno released on Sony International in 1994.The album saw Azúcar Moreno making their first collaborations with some of the top names in the world of Latin music in the United States such as former Miami Sound Machine member Emilio Estefan Jr. composer and producer Estéfano Kike Santander and Juan R.
 Perfil (In English: Profile) is the compilation album from Brazilian singer Ana Carolina available in 2003 in Brazil and 2005 in World for the profile series the label Som Livre. The album has three songs from other albums have release of the singer (Ana Carolina Ana Rita Joana Iracema e Carolina and Estampado).
 Evolution is the third album by R&B group Boyz II Men released in September 1997. It is their final album released on Motown Records. A Spanish language version Evolución was also issued.
 To the Bride released in 1975 is a two-LP live album featuring Barry McGuire 2nd Chapter of Acts and a band called David. The album was culled from four concerts performed in the summer of 1975 and is the first of two live albums that 2nd Chapter of Acts recorded for Myrrh Records although the majority of the concert is performed by McGuire.The album (minus one song) was re-released on two CDs in 2007 and is available from McGuire's website.
 Stereo Worxxx is the thirteenth studio album by Japanese electronica duo Capsule released in Japan on March 7 2012. The album sold 15308 copies on its first week of release debuting at number five in the Oricon Weekly Albums chart.
 Cannot Buy My Soul: The Songs of Kev Carmody is a 2007 compilation tribute album featuring various artists singing the songs of Australian singer-songwriter Kev Carmody brought together by rock musician Paul Kelly. Artists featured include Dan Kelly the John Butler Trio The Waifs and Clare Bowditch. The second disc of the album contains Carmody's versions of the same songs.
 All Beauty Destroyed is the third album released by American electro-industrial band Aesthetic Perfection. It was released on November 4 2011 by Out of Line Records.The Devil's in the Details and Inhuman were released as singles for the album and music videos have been released for Inhuman A Nice Place to Visit and the title track All Beauty Destroyed.
 Greek Cooking is an album by American saxophonist Phil Woods featuring performances recorded in 1967 for the Impulse! label.
 The Best Of Morphine 1992-1995 is a greatest hits compilation by the band Morphine released on the label Rykodisc in the year 2003.The Best of Morphine 1992-1995 chronicles the band's first four albums: Good Cure For Pain Yes and B-sides and Otherwise and includes two previously unreleased tracks: “Pretty Face” a dark atmospheric ballad recorded live in one take at Morphine’s studio in Cambridge MA and “Jack And Tina” described by Morphine drummer Billy Conway as “the most beautiful bridge Mark Sandman ever wrote.” The B-side of the long-out-of-print 1000-piece pressing of “Cure For Pain” on 7 vinyl called “Sexy Christmas Baby Mine” (1993) rounds out the adventure through Morphine musical history. 
 Ode to Venus - Second Niemen's English-language album recorded in 1973. Album was released in West Germany by CBS (European section of Columbia Records). Record was done with notable help of Józef Skrzek of SBB.
 Hello Cleveland! Live From The Metro is a live album by the band Cracker released in 2002. It is a live album recorded on November 20 1999 at the Metro in Chicago IL.
 Live at Woodstock is a posthumous live album by Jimi Hendrix released on July 6 1999. The album documents Hendrix's performance with his band Gypsy Sun and Rainbows at Woodstock Festival on August 18 1969. Many of the tracks on this album were released in 1994 on Woodstock.
 We Got the Time is the second studio album by Danish-teen girl pop duo Creamy released in 2000. It was first released on CD in 2000 and later for digital download on March 3 2003. The album was certified 2x platinum for sales of more than 100000 copies.
 DJ - The Hits Collection is a best of album by popular Greek singer Marianta Pieridi. It was released in Greece in October 2006 by Universal Music Greece including 3 new songs and a previously unreleased one.
 The Best of Suede is a compilation album by English alternative rock band Suede released in November 2010. The compilation spans two discs and it's a mix of singles album tracks and B-sides compiled by lead singer Brett Anderson. Disc one includes all of the band's singles excluding Positivity and Attitude. Disc two includes album tracks from the band's first three albums as well as six B-sides from disc one of Sci-Fi Lullabies and Europe Is Our Playground from disc two.
 Where It Is is the debut album by British new wave band The Beloved first released as a vinyl LP in October 1987 on the Flim Flam Productions label. For the initial LP release a limited number of the albums included a free 7 EP included with purchase (containing three demo tracks: Forever Laughing Falling on My Face and The Last Detail).
 Polars is the debut album from Dutch metal band Textures. It was produced mixed recorded and mastered entirely by the band themselves and was issued on Listenable Records in 2003. The label re-issued the album in 2004 with slightly different cover art (adding images of machinery and gears) and in some cases a different casing. The album contained eight songs the final two being the two longest songs of the album. The sixth and eight song are wholly ambient with assorted sound effects.
 Herbal Turkey Breast is an album by saxophonist Karl Denson released in 1996.
 Songs of Joy and Peace is a Christmas music album by cellist Yo-Yo Ma released on October 14 2008.
 TOY is the 2012 eponymous debut album by London-based band TOY.The album was recorded in early 2012 by music producer Dan Carey at his South London studio. Their album artwork is by artist Leif Podhajsky
 Live Gothic is the title of a live album recorded in Poland by Swedish symphonic metal band Therion released on 25 July 2008. The album is released on two CDs and one DVD.
 Rejected is an independently released EP by American singer Ben Jelen. The EP failed to appear on any charts in the U.S. and apart from the recordings released as part of his appearance on Sessions@AOL was the only material released by Jelen after his departure from Maverick Records until he signed to Custard Records and released his subsequent album Ex-Sensitive.
 Asphalt Massaka is the debut album by German rapper Farid Bang. It released on July 4 2008 over German Dream Entertainment.
 So Beautiful or So What is the twelfth studio album by American recording artist Paul Simon released April 8 2011 on Hear Music. It was produced by Simon and record producer Phil Ramone. The album debuted at number four on the US Billboard 200 chart selling 68000 copies in its first week serving as Simon's highest debut on that chart. Upon its release So Beautiful or So What received universal acclaim from music critics who praised Simon's themes and songwriting.
 Still Life is the second album by Aqualung released on October 27 2003 to critical acclaim. The album featured a more expansive full band sound than the previous eponymous album. The album reached #80 on the UK albums chartThe first single from the album was Brighter than Sunshine released on October 13 2003 and reached #37 on the UK singles chart.
 Born in America is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Riot released in 1983. After getting dropped by Elektra Records the band signed with Canadian indie label Quality Records for what was to be the last record with Rhett Forrester on vocals.
 Vessel is the third studio album from American duo Twenty One Pilots which was released on January 8 2013 through Fueled by Ramen. It is their first full-length release since being signed in 2012.
 The Soul Brotherhood is an album by organist Charles Kynard which was recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label.
 INXS²: The Remixes is a collection of remixes by Australian rock group INXS released in 2004.
 Visit to Oz is an EP by the San Diego California punk rock band Unwritten Law released in 1999 by Interscope Records and Rapido Records. It was released only in Australia to coincide with the band's first headlining tour there and is currently out of print. It contains two songs from the band's 1998 album Unwritten Law and one from their 1994 debut Blue Room. The song Driven is not available on any other release.
 Conspiracy in Mind is the debut album by the Norwegian progressive/power metal band Communic.
 Chase the Kangaroo is the fourth studio album from Christian alternative rock band The Choir released in 1988.
 The Movie Album: As Time Goes By is a the twenty-fourth studio album released in 1998 by Neil Diamond collaboratively with Elmer Bernstein. It peaked at #31 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Good Apollo I'm Burning Star IV Volume Two: No World for Tomorrow (often shortened to No World For Tomorrow) is the fourth studio album by American prog band Coheed and Cambria released on October 23 2007. The album is a direct sequel to their previous album Good Apollo I'm Burning Star IV Volume One: From Fear Through the Eyes of Madness. Together these two albums comprise part four of band's Amory Wars narrative.
 Cream of the Crop is a 1969 album recorded by Diana Ross & the Supremes for the Motown label the final regular Supremes studio album to feature lead singer Diana Ross. The album was released in November 1969 after the release and rising success of the hit single Someday We'll Be Together.Someday was originally to have been released as Ross' first solo single (Ross is backed on the recording by session singers Maxine and Julia Waters not the Supremes).
 Hudson River Wind Meditations is the twentieth and final solo album by Lou Reed a collection of meditational music on the Sounds True record label. It is a departure from his regular rock output. It is named for one of New York City's key features the Hudson River. It is inner music to relax the body mind and spirit adjunct to T'ai chi and bodywork. The cover photograph is also by Reed.
 The Meaning of Life is the fourth studio album by the German thrash metal band Tankard released on July 19 1990.
 Darkness and Hope is the fifth studio album by Portuguese gothic metal band Moonspell released in 2001. Several different versions were released with different bonus tracks. One version contained Os Senhores Da Guerra originally by Madredeus the second featured Mr. Crowley originally by Ozzy Osbourne. Another version had a cover of Joy Division's Love Will Tear Us Apart as the bonus track.
 Running for the Drum is the fifteenth studio album by Buffy Sainte-Marie released in 2008. One of Sainte-Marie's more successful albums it spawned one single with No No Keshagesh. Sainte-Marie also rewrote two verses of America The Beautiful.
 Monk's Dream is an album by Steve Lacy and Roswell Rudd released on the Verve label in 2000. It features performances by Lacy Rudd Jean-Jacques Avenel John Betsch and Irene Aebi's vocals on two tracks.
 Electric Version is the second studio album by the Canadian indie rock group The New Pornographers. It was released on Matador/Mint on May 6 2003.Electric Version was listed at #7 in the Village Voice Pazz & Jop poll of 2003 and #20 in the PopMatters Best Music of 2003 list. In 2009 the album ranked #79 in Rolling Stone's 100 Best Albums of the Decade.
 The second extended play of South Korean girl group 2NE1 was released on July 28 2011 by YG Entertainment in distribution by KMP Holdings in South Korea. It contains six songs composed and produced by Korean producers Teddy Park and Kush. The Japanese version of the EP titled Nolza was released in Japan on September 21 2011 in three editions: CD Only CD+DVD (Type A) and CD+DVD (Type B). Five of the six tracks were released as official digital singles.
 Roger McGuinn & Band was Roger McGuinn's third full-length solo album and was released in 1975. Recorded in Los Angeles the album was McGuinn's third attempt to re-establish himself as a significant musical force without the Byrds. As well as McGuinn the album has musical contributions from Stephen A. Love on bass guitar Richard Bowden on guitar David Lovelace on keyboards and Greg Attaway on drums.
 Coroner's Office is an album by the American death metal band Post Mortem. The album was their debut LP and is notable for its influences on the genre.
 Vetiver is the debut album by Vetiver released in 2004 on DiCristina.
 Gazzillion Ear is an EP released by American hip hop artist DOOM through British independent label Lex Records. It contains the main single produced by J Dilla and remixes of the track.
 Hussein Mahmood Jeeb Tehar Gass is an album by Muslimgauze. The CD booklet is a multi fold out poster with photographs by Shirin Neshat including her Offered Eyes (1993) on the front cover and Grace Under Duty (1994) and Rebellious Silence (1994) inside.
 Pound for Pound is the fifth studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Anvil.
 Mind Bomb is the third studio album by The The released by Some Bizzare/Epic on July 11 1989 and recorded between October 1988 and May 1989.For this album instead of recording with numerous session musicians as he did previously Matt Johnson assembled a genuine band behind him to play the bulk of the instrumentation (additional flourishes were nevertheless provided by sessioneers most notably keyboard player Wix).
 East Of Electric is the fifth album by Nashville based Australian alternative country musician Anne McCue. It was self-released in 2008.
 Magical Musical Tour (不思議な旅) is a studio album by Japanese duo Pink Lady. It was released on February 5 1979.
 That Was Then was Selene Vigil-Wilk's debut was recorded and released in 2010. It was released by Tuck & Roll Records.
 Kali Yuga Bizarre is the first full length studio album by the black metal band Aborym. It was released in 1999 on Scarlet records. A picture LP was also re-released in 2000 and was limited to 1000 copies.Vocals on this album were performed by original vocalist Yorga SM as well as guest vocalist Attila Csihar.
 Harlequin Melodies is the 1968 debut album by singer-songwriter Mickey Newbury. At the time Newbury was making an impact as an incredible and successful songwriter in Nashville signed by Acuff-Rose Publishing. At one point he had four #1 hits on different charts for Eddy Arnold Solomon Burke Kenny Rogers & The First Edition and Andy Williams and he had written hits for several others.
 No hay imposibles (English: Nothing is Impossible) is the 14th studio album by Puerto Rican performer Chayanne. This album was released on February 23 2010.
 No World Order is the seventh full length album by the German power metal band Gamma Ray released in 2001. A music video was made for the song Eagle.
 The First No-Elvis is a 1994 album by Dread Zeppelin.
 Welcome Back is an album by American singer/songwriter John Sebastian released in 1976 (see 1976 in music). It reached number 79 on The Billboard 200 chart. Two singles were released from the album with the title song Welcome Back reaching number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and Adult Contemporary charts. It also reached number 93 on the Country Singles chart. The second single Hideaway peaked at number 95 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Your Funeral… My Trial is the fourth studio album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds released on 3 November 1986 by Mute Records. Your Funeral... My Trial was originally released as a double EP. The album was issued on CD with a different running order and the bonus track Scum.
 Polythene was the first full-length album by the Welsh rock band Feeder and was released 18 May 1997 on the Echo Label and then re-issued on 28 October in the same year in an Enhanced CD version featuring their UK top 40 breakthrough single High and its video.
 A Molde Concert is a live album by Norwegian jazz bassist and composer Arild Andersen recorded in 1981 and released on the ECM label.
 Tha Funk Capital of the World is the thirteenth studio album by American funk musician Bootsy Collins released on April 26 2011 by Mascot Records. It features an array of Bootsy's friends and colleagues including Chuck D Snoop Dogg and Bootsy's one time Parliament and P-Funk bandmates George Clinton and Bernie Worrell. The album has one single: Don't Take My Funk featuring Catfish Collins and Bobby Womack.
 Horns and Halos is the fourteenth album released by rapper Andre Nickatina and his second with rapper Equipto. It was released on May 17 2005 for Million Dollar Dream and featured production from Andre Nickatina Nick Peace Little J Sweet Geez Tone Capone and DJ Pause. Two sequels were released for the album 2005's Gun-Mouth 4 Hire: Horns and Halos Vol. 2 and 2006's Bullet Symphony: Horns and Halos 3.
 Vibes is the eighth studio album by Heavy D. It is a reggae album and does not contain any rapping.
 Disco Inferno is an album released by the Trammps in 1976.
 Everything and Nothing is a compilation album by David Sylvian. Released in October 2000 the album touches on music from Sylvian's twenty years with Virgin Records. The record peaked at no.57 in the UK albums chart.It was released in two versions.
 Festival is an album by American guitarist Lee Ritenour released in 1988 recorded for the GRP label. Festival is a collaboration of New York/LA Jazz musicians and Brazilian musicians.The album reached #3 on Billboard's Contemporary Jazz chart.
 The Crusade is the third album by heavy metal band Trivium. Released on October 10 2006 through Roadrunner Records. It is considered a drastic change from their previous album Ascendancy by some critics. The album was produced by Jason Suecof and mixed by Colin Richardson.
 Perfecto Presents Ibiza is a remix album by Paul Oakenfold.
 Shogun (将軍 Shōgun) About this sound listen is the fourth studio album by American metal band Trivium. The album was released worldwide on various dates between September 23 and October 1 2008 through Roadrunner Records. It is their last release to feature founding drummer Travis Smith. Work on the album is noted to have begun with producer Nick Raskulinecz in October 2007 with the band stating that they chose not to work with Jason Suecof again as they wanted to explore new ideas.
 Silk Purse is the second solo album by Linda Ronstadt released in March 1970 a year after the release of her first solo set Hand Sown ... Home Grown.
 Awaken the Tides is the third album by Malefice released in July 2011 on Metal Blade Records produced by WellerHill.
 Three is the 2006 debut album by progressive metal band End of Everything.
 No Heavy Petting is the fifth studio album by the British rock band UFO released in 1976. It is the first UFO album to feature a full-time keyboard player as a member of the band making this their first record as a five-piece band. While keyboardist Danny Peyronel only stayed in the band for this one album he did co-write several tracks on the record. In 1994 a CD including this album and Lights Out was released by BGO Records.
 Final Destination is the debut studio album by Japanese rock band coldrain released on October 28 2009.
 Chrome is the fourth studio album by American country music singer Trace Adkins. It was released on October 9 2001 on Capitol Records Nashville. The album produced three singles for Adkins on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts: I'm Tryin' at No. 6 Help Me Understand at No. 17 and the title track at No. 10. It has also been certified gold by the RIAA.
 Slo-Pachinko Gladiator Evolution is an original soundtrack album released by Gackt on March 9 2009. It consists of re-recorded Gackt songs and 1 song which featured Gackt as a guest vocalist Kagero from Chachamaru's album Air promoting his own pachinko slot machine Gladiator Evolution. It goes into circulation as the prize of the pachinko parlor and is not sold at record shops.
 Re_Mixed is a two disc compilation album released in 2007 featuring remixes of songs by Hybrid.
 Romantically Helpless is a studio album by Holly Cole. It was released in Canada in 2000 on Alert Records and mastered as an HDCD encoded CD.
 All About Love is the eleventh studio album from Christian singer Steven Curtis Chapman. It was released on January 28 2003 by Sparrow Records. Steven has openly credited his wife Mary Beth as the inspiration of the album.The album features the first cover songs Steven has ever recorded in his catalogue of music I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles) (originally recorded by The Proclaimers) and I'll Take Care of You (originally recorded by Ronnie Milsap).
 Another Day Has Passed is the debut studio album by American hard rock–heavy metal band Goes Cube. It was released May 12 2009 on The End Records.
 Give Me Immortality or Give Me Death is a comedy album by The Firesign Theatre that was released in 1998 on Rhino Records.
 Three of a Kind is an album by Dutch Boogie-woogie and Jazz pianist Rob Agerbeek.
 Resilient is the fifteenth studio album by Running Wild released on 2 October 2013 via Steamhammer Records.
 Dimorphic Cynosure is the fifth studio album by the Austrian death metal band Thirdmoon released through Maintain Records in 2007.
 Riddim Driven: Rematch is the 33rd installment of VP Records' Riddim Driven series. It was released in September 2002 on CD and LP. The album features various artists recorded over the Rematch riddim produced by Danny Browne.
 Mwanzo is the debut album of Kenyan Afro-fusion band Sauti Sol. The first single from the album was Lazizi.
 Identity is Korean singer BoA's seventh Japanese studio album released on February 10 2010 nearly two years since The Face.
 Pumpkin is the sixty-third studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the thirty-third installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series. The album was part of a series of thirty pike albums that were released in close succession from one another during 2013.The album was announced on October 29. Unlike any of the other albums from the series this one is the first album in the series to have been released for free.
 My Favorite Guitars is the title of a recording by Chet Atkins. The guitars referred to are Atkin's signature Gretsch Country Gentleman electric guitar a South American acoustic model he calls the Los Indios Tabajaras and a Spanish classical guitar. It is another example of Atkins' 1960's easy-going easy-listening guitar playing.
 News and Tributes is the second full length album by The Futureheads released on 29 May 2006. The first single Skip to the End was released on 15 May 2006. The album like their debut received critical acclaim and praise that The Futureheads had 'matured' their sound.
 Scandalous Travelers is a DVD by Canadian rock band Billy Talent. It is a documentary which follows the band's first two year tour. It includes live footage of Edgefest and various radio station interviews in London Ontario. The DVD holds bonus material which features live performances of This Is How It Goes Cut The Curtains Line and Sinker Living In The Shadows and rare acoustic sets of Standing In The Rain Lies and Try Honesty.
 Souvenirs is the second studio album by American rock singer-songwriter Dan Fogelberg released in 1974 through Epic Records. The album reached #17 on the Billboard 200 in March 1975 and is certified double platinum by the RIAA. Joe Walsh produced the album and played on ten of the eleven tracks.
 Stripped Live in the U.K. is the second concert DVD by Christina Aguilera and documents the premiere UK performances of her Stripped World Tour. The DVD does not include Make Over which was situated after Can't Hold Us Down. An extended version of What a Girl Wants can be seen on television broadcast of the concert. The DVD premiered on WB Network at 9 PM on November 30 2003.
 Too Wild Too Long is an album by American Country music artist George Jones. This album was released in 1987 on the Epic Records label. A music video was filmed for the track The Old Man No One Loves.
 Самое главное (The main thing) is the fifth studio album by the Russian pop singer Alsou released in 2008. It features ballads some R'n'B and more guitar flavored sound. Alsou has penned the lyrics to one of the songs Я любила.May 26th 2008 the album was released digitally to pay-sites such as 7Digital and others. In the first 6 months more than 400.000 copies was bought just in Russia.
 Chansons des mers froides (French: songs from the cold seas) is a 1994 album by French musician Hector Zazou.Zazou approached Sony Records with merely the title and the concept of songs from the Arctic. He was accompanied by cameraman Philippe Roméo as he recorded traditional folk songs in and from Alaska Canada (Newfoundland) Greenland Iceland Japan and Scandinavia.
 Roots & Herbs is a jazz album by Art Blakey & the Jazz Messengers recorded in 1961 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1970. The CD reissue features three alternate takes two of which originally released in 1979 on Pisces.
 Mark I & II is a 1973 UK only compilation album by Deep Purple featuring material originally released between 1968 and 1973. This double LP was released after Ian Gillan had left Deep Purple in June 1973.This is the first album to feature the single A-sides Emmaretta Black Night Strange Kind of Woman and the B-side When a Blind Man Cries in the UK. Woman from Tokyo is the single edit and Highway Star is the Made in Japan live version.
 Let It Ripp is The Rippingtons' twelfth album which was released in 2003.
 So Fresh: The Hits of Autumn 2010 is an Australian compilation album.
 Hide and Seek is the fifth full-length studio album by Canadian Synthrock band The Birthday Massacre.
 The 5000 Spirits or the Layers of the Onion is the second LP by The Incredible String Band released in July 1967.Since recording their debut album the previous year the original trio had been reduced to two Mike Heron and Robin Williamson. They recorded The 5000 Spirits... in London in early 1967.
 Girls Forever (ガールズ フォーエバー Gāruzu Fōebā) is the third Japanese studio album (sixth overall) of the South Korean girl group Kara. It was released on November 14 2012 in four different editions.
 Sing Sing Sing is a 1992 live album by Mel Tormé.
 Hot Fives & Sevens is a 2000 box set collection of recordings made by American jazz trumpeter and singer Louis Armstrong with his Hot Five Hot Seven and other groups between 1925 and 1930. First released on JSP Records on 22 August 2000 the set was subsequently reissued on Definitive in 2001. A four-disc compilation the set has received a crown as an author's pick in The Penguin Guide to Jazz and is also included in the book's core collection recommended for jazz fans.
 X Forza E X Amore is Gianna Nannini's tenth studio album and thirteenth album overall. It was released in 1993 on Polydor Records.
 Cold Day In Hell is a mixtape by rapper Freddie Gibbs. It was recorded between 2009-2011 with stops and assistance by Young Jeezy's Corporate Thugz. It was released on October 31 2011. confirmed features by Young Jeezy Dom Kennedy Freeway Juicy J Sly Polaroid Alley Boy 2 Chainz and Scrilla.
 Heart of a Woman is an album by Etta James released in June 1999 through RCA Records. The album consists of eleven love songs from James' favorite female singers as well as a recording of her most popular song At Last. Recorded in March 1999 Heart of a Woman was produced by James and John Snyder with Lupe DeLeon serving as executive producer.
 This Is Our Science is the fourth studio album from alternative hip hop artist Astronautalis.
 Spot the Difference is a 2010 album by the British New Wave group Squeeze. It is the band's thirteenth studio album and consists entirely of new recordings of older Squeeze songs. The songs are arranged as similarly as possible to the original recordings being done in such a way to invite the listener to 'spot the difference'. This is Squeeze's first studio album in 12 years and introduces new members Stephen Large (keyboards) and Simon Hanson (drums) to the fold.
 Here Comes My Man is an EP by The Gaslight Anthem. The EP features performances of 3 original songs and one cover. It was released on November 28 2012 exculsively in the UK.
 Tiny in Swingville is an album by guitarist Tiny Grimes with saxophonist Jerome Richardson recorded in 1959 and released on the Swingville label.
 Rainbow Dome Musick is an album of ambient music released in 1979 by Steve Hillage with collaborations of his long-time partner Miquette Giraudy.
 Eventyr is an album by Norwegian jazz composer and saxophonist Jan Garbarek guitarist John Abercrombie and percussionist Naná Vasconcelos recorded in 1980 and released on the ECM label in 1981.
 Grantstand is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded and released on the Blue Note label in 1961. The CD reissue features one bonus track from the same session.
 Cabinet is the debut album of the Swedish death metal band Spawn of Possession.
 Evolution is the third album by Brazilian heavy metal band Viper release in 1992.
 Del mio meglio is a compilation album by Italian singer Mina released in 1971. The first in a series of compilation albums released under the Del mio meglio title.The songs Io vivrò (senza te) Se stasera sono qui Vedrai vedrai and Yesterday were all recorded in 1970 during a concert at Radiotelevisione svizzera and were previously unreleased on album (as well as Mina's new hit Io e te da soli).
 The Life of Riley is the fourth album by Australian hip hop artist Drapht. The songs were recorded in Drapht's home studio and was released in April 2011 on Drapht's own label The Ayems. The album debuted at #1 on the ARIA Albums Chart. The album features contributions from Briggs N'fa Funkoars and Urthboy. Drapht believes that this album was the toughest project in his career.
 Zen (漸 Zen) is the sixth solo album by Japanese underground hip hop producer DJ Krush. It was released in 2001.
 Underground Communication is the sixth full length album by Bassnectar released April 24 2007 through Om Records.
 Live at Wacken - The Reunion is a live CD/DVD album by American heavy metal band Twisted Sister released on June 28 2005.The DVD features in-depth interviews with Dee Snider Jay Jay French Mark Animal Mendoza Eddie Ojeda and A.J. Pero the group discusses the final days of the band in the '80's and the rebuilding process required to get the band back on stage. The interviews are highlighted by never before seen performance and behind the scenes footage.
 Biz's Baddest Beats is a compilation album by Biz Markie. It was released on July 1 1994 on Cold Chillin' Records.
 The Matadors Meet the Bull is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1965 and released on the Roulette label. The album was Stitt's first for the label following Roulette's takeover of his previous label Roost Records.
 Now Winter 2007 is a compilation CD released by EMI Music Australia in 2007. It is the 17th CD in the Australian Now! series.
 The Mothership Connection — Live from Houston is an album by George Clinton and Parliament-Funkadelic. It was released on the Capitol Records label in the spring of 1986.The Mothership Connection — Live from Houston is divided evenly between studio and live performances. Side one consists of a live recording made at a concert at The Summit in Houston Texas on October 31 1976.
 R&BW is the fourth studio album by Nigerian R&B artist Banky W. The album was released by Empire Mates Entertainment on February 14 2013. It was supported by the hit single Yes/No which peaked at number 1 on BBC's Radio 1xtra Afrobeat chart. The album features guest appearances from Camp Mulla ELDee Sarkodie Sammy Shaydee Skales Lynxxx Niyola M.I 2Face Idibia Rotimi and Vector. Production was handled by Banky W Cobhams Asuquo Masterkraft M.I Spellz Sarz and Samklef.
 Blossom & Bee is the third studio album by American jazz singer Sara Gazarek which was released on June 19 2012 through Palmetto Records. It is her first album in five years and her Palmetto Records debut. All the tracks are cover versions except Blossom & Bee which Gazarek co-wrote with producer Larry Goldings and Bill DeMain also Fly Away Birdie which Gazarek co-wrote with her long-time collaborator and pianist Josh Nelson.
 Double Bummer is a double-LP by Bongwater which was released in 1988. The four-sided album contained songs about people ranging from Frank Sinatra David Bowie Ronald Reagan and a Cantonese version of Led Zeppelin's Dazed and Confused. Music videos for the songs Lesbians Of Russia and Jimmy were directed by Jim Spring and Jens Jurgensen.
 Black Sea is the fourth studio album by the Austrian electronic musician Fennesz. The LP was released on November 25 2008 while a CD release followed on December 9 2008 with different artwork. The track Saffron Revolution was released as a single prior to the release of the album.
 Lowest of the Low is an EP from Californian band Terror. The album was released on Bridge 9 Records in 2003 and re-released on Trustkill Records in 2005.
 One September Afternoon is a 1980 jazz album by saxophonist Art Pepper playing with Stanley Cowell Howard Roberts Cecil McBee and Carl Burnett.The personnel is the same as on Pepper's previous album Winter Moon but minus the strings.
 The Kingston Trio (Nick Bob John) (more commonly known as Nick Bob John) is an album by the American folk music group The Kingston Trio released in 1964 (see 1964 in music). Nick Bob John failed to reach the Top 40 peaking at number 53 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.
 Rashomon aka Lover’s Puzzle (traditional Chinese: 羅生門; simplified Chinese: 罗生门; pinyin: luó shēng mén) is the seventh Mandarin studio album of Taiwanese Mandopop artist Show Luo (Chinese: 羅志祥) . It was released on 15 January 2010 by Gold Typhoon (Taiwan).The album was available on pre-order and three editions were released including the Rashomon (Dance Without Limits 3D MV Collectible Edition) (羅生門 舞法舞天3D影音典藏版) (CD+DVD).
 Near Death Experience is the fourth album by New York hardcore band Cro-Mags. It was released in 1993 on Century Media Records. It is to date the last album to feature vocalist John Joseph. After the release of this album the Cro-Mags had gone on hiatus for some time experienced more lineup changes and would not release their next album Revenge until seven years later.
 At War with the Mystics is the eleventh album by the Flaming Lips. It was released on April 3 2006 in international markets and April 4 2006 in the United States. The album is more guitar-driven and features more politically themed lyrics than The Soft Bulletin and Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots.The Wizard Turns On... won a 2006 Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance and Best Engineered Album Non-Classical. The album was nominated for the Best Alternative Album Grammy.
 Bingo! is the sixteenth studio album by the Steve Miller Band released on June 15 2010.The album is the first studio release by the band since 1993's Wide River. It was recorded alongside a second album which was released 10 months later. The album is dedicated in memory of Norton Buffalo who died on October 30 2009. The first single Hey Yeah was available to stream online in April 2010 and available to purchase on May 18 2010.
 Templars: In Sacred Blood is an album by John Zorn released in May 2012 on the Tzadik label. It is the sixth album by Zorn's Moonchild project.
 Motels is the first studio album by the band The Motels recorded in May 1979 released in September 1979 and was produced by John Carter. The first single Closets and Bullets did not chart but the second single Total Control became a Top 10 hit in Australia and a Top 20 hit in France by early 1980. A third single Anticipation was released in Japan in early 1980. The album became ceritified gold in Australia in 1980.
 Ilman Arvoa ja Arkkua/Kinaiδoς is a split EP by the black metal band Horna and Legion of Doom. It was released on Zyklon-B Records in 2006 as a black 7 vinyl and a 7 picture disc both limited to 300 copies. The label also released a red 7 version and a box set limited to 50 copies (25 Horna and 25 Legion of Doom) thease are considered as bootlegs as they were approved by neither of the bands.
 Mga Kuwento ng Apo is the tenth studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's a 10-track album released in 1990 under Universal Records.
 Explosive: the best of Bond is a compilation album by the crossover classical string quartet Bond. As well as the audio CD the album also contains a DVD which has three music videos a photo gallery their complete discography and all the tracks on Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound or 48kHg/16 bit PCM Stereo. The CD also contains three previously unreleased tracks. There is also a DualDisc edition of the album.
 Aco Best: Girl's Diary is a compilation album by Japanese singer-songwriter Aco containing released singles from all her seven albums. It was released on 19 December 2007. It consists of two discs.
 Save Me is the third studio album recorded by the Richmond Virginia based Pat McGee Band. It is a marked departure from the band's previous records as the familiar acoustic guitars and three part harmonies were eschewed in favor of a more raw electric sound. Four tracks were produced in California with Marti Frederiksen who had collaborated on their writing. The remainder of the album was laid down in Avatar Studios during late 2003.
 Devil's Food is a singles compilation by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers released in April 2005 on Mid-Fi records.
 Memoirs of a Playbwoy is JDiggz's first album. The album was distributed by Maxamus Entertainment/Koch Entertainment. The long-awaited album by the Canadian Rapper/Producer featured collaborations with popular artists such as George Nozuka Cory Lee Drake Voyce Alexander and Fyahkid Steenie.The album produced seven singles Hypnotic Puush It Up Make It Hot Gimme Dat With You Just Wanna Party and With You Remix.
 Missa Atropos is the sixth studio album by Norwegian rock band Gazpacho. The album released on September 15 2010 in Norwegia by HWT Records and it released in United Kingdom and worldwide on March 22 2011 by Kscope.
 Phantasies II is an album by the American jazz pianist Jaki Byard with a big band recorded in 1988 and released on the Italian Soul Note label. The album follows Byard's big band tributes album Phantasies (1984).
 Abot Kamay (Filipino Within Reach) is the fifth studio album by The Dawn released in 1992.
 Distortion is an album by The Magnetic Fields. It was officially released on January 15 2008 by Nonesuch Records.As the album's name implies several of the musical performances featured were distorted by various means. In particular this sound quality was influenced by the 1985 album Psychocandy by The Jesus and Mary Chain. No synthesizers were used to record the album; it is the second in a no-synth trilogy after the 2004 album i and before the 2010 album Realism.
 Intelligence and Sacrifice is a 2001 album by German recording artist Alec Empire. While by no means his first solo album it was his first full album since the demise of his former band Atari Teenage Riot and he regarded it as a new beginning stating that it feels like this is my first real album. This recording consists of two CDs each with a significantly different sound.
 Velociraptor! is the fourth album by the British indie rock group Kasabian released on 16 September 2011.It was well-received and became their 3rd UK Number one album it's lead single Days Are Forgotten first released in Belgium on 12 August and in the United Kingdom on 9 September 2011 - debuted at number 28 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Pop Idol: the Idols - Xmas Factor is a compilation album featuring cover versions of Christmas songs recorded by the final 10 from the second UK series of Pop Idol. Their version of Happy Xmas (War is Over) by John Lennon was released in the UK on 15 December 2003. Bookmakers named it as their favourite to be the UK Singles Chart Christmas number one with William Hill offering odds of 8/13. The song ultimately peaked at number five on the Christmas chart.
 Ma! (He's Making Eyes At Me) is the debut album by Scottish singer Lena Zavaroni released in 1974 on Philips Records.
 Woman of the House an album by Cherish the Ladies was released in 2005 on the Rounder Records label.
 The Mirror Conspiracy is a 2000 album by the Thievery Corporation. All songs on the album were written recorded and produced by Rob Garza and Eric Hilton although Pam Bricker contributed vocals to Air Batucada The Mirror Conspiracy and Lebanese Blonde which was also on the soundtrack to Zach Braff's 2004 film Garden State. The track Indra was used in a scene of the film Vanilla Sky.
 Deuces Wild is the thirty fifth studio album by B. B. King released on November 4 1997. Every song there celebrity accompanying him.
 Over The Top: The Rarities is a compilation album released in 2000 by the British band Motörhead on the Sanctuary Records label.
 The Best of the Decca Years is a compilation of The Kingston Trio's recordings when the group was on the Decca Records label.
 Anevaines (Greek: Ανέβαινες; English: You rose) is the second studio album by the popular Greek artist Peggy Zina released in 1998 by BMG Greece.
 Sparkle is the twenty fourth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin album written and produced by Curtis Mayfield. Released on May 27 1976 the disc is the soundtrack album for the 1976 Warner Bros. motion picture Sparkle starring Irene Cara.
 Summer Breeze is the fourth album by the American soft rock band Seals and Crofts released in 1972 through Warner Bros. Records. It was a major commercial breakthrough for the group and peaked at #7 on the Billboard album chart. The title cut was released as a single on September 9 1972 peaking at #4 on the Adult Contemporary chart and #6 Pop. Hummingbird was the second single climbing to #12 AC #20 Pop and #40 on the Canadian RPM Magazine charts.
 Nothing but the Best is a 2008 compilation album by American singer Frank Sinatra. All the tracks on this album are recordings made when Sinatra was on his own Reprise label thus the first track Come Fly with Me is not the 1957 Capitol version. Other notable differences are Strangers in the Night has an extended fade out and the first two cymbal notes are cut from the beginning of the Theme from New York New York.The album was certified Gold by the RIAA on December 9 2008.
 The Hard Road is the fourth studio album by hip hop group the Hilltop Hoods from Adelaide South Australia Australia. The album was released on 6 April 2006 by Obese Records and peaked at number one on the Australia ARIA Albums Chart. The album contains the top 20 single Clown Prince. The album achieved Gold status (35000 units) on 8 April 2006 a week after release and has now surpassed Platinum status (70000 units).The album won the Triple J J Award in 2006.
 This article describes the fifth album in the Australian Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 5 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow 05 is a compilation CD released by EMI Music Australia and Warner Music Australia in 2004.
 Our Bodies Our Selves is the fifth album by the Berkeley California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience released in 1993 by Lookout! Records. It was the band's first album as a three-piece after the departure of founding guitarist Jon Von Zelowitz the previous year. It was also their last album with bassist Aaron Rubin and founding drummer Alex Laipeneiks. After their departures vocalist/guitarist Dr.
 'Perfect Stranger' is the third studio album by the Canadian rapper K.Maro. The album was released on October 28th 2008. There are 2 singles already released from that album. Some of the songs are in collaboration with various artists like Imposs Belly and Rad Odessa Thornhill and Jonas.
 Awake is the tenth album released by L'Arc-en-Ciel on June 22 2005 in Japan and on September 20 2005 in the United States. The song Lost Heaven was used as the ending theme of the Fullmetal Alchemist the Movie: Conqueror of Shamballa film.
 Eastern Wind is singer/songwriter Chris de Burgh's fifth studio album released in 1980.
 Allison Wonderland Anthology is a two disc compilation album by the jazz pianist and songwriter Mose Allison released in 1994. Rhino sequenced the selected songs (which span over 40 years from 1957 to 1989) and include all of his best-known songs chronologically. It's considered an excellent introduction to Mose Allison compositions.
 Butterfly Rocket is Nikka Costa's fourth studio record and first adult album released in 1996 in Australia on Mushroom Records. It marks a drastic direction change from her previous releases from pop to a mixture of blues classic rock and hard rock. It is Costa's only release on Mushroom.
 Plagal Grind is a 12 EP by New Zealand band Plagal Grind released in 1990.
 Romantico y Sabroso (Romantic and Delicious) is the title of the 1987 studio album released by Puerto Rican salsa group El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico. The album is considered El Gran Combo's first release dominated by the distinct sub-genre known as salsa romantica.
 Two Separate Gorillas is a live album performed by Neal Morse and Nick D'Virgilio from the band Spock's Beard. It was recorded on several occasions during their European tour. The album was released in 2000.
 Lover Boy is the sixth album from Ariel Pink's Haunted Graffiti series originally released by Ballbearings Pinatas in 2002 as part of a two-CD set with House Arrest reissued in March 2006 as a single album on CD-R. The reissue includes a slightly different set of tracks from the original album cutting credit and one on one from the line-up and adding the live song You Are My Angel.
 Metro Area is the debut album by the house music group of the same name. It was released in 2002. It was named the second best album of the decade by Resident Advisor. Fact Magazine rated it as the 19th best album of the decade.
 Franklin & Vermont is Ernie Halter's full-length album released on June 28 2010. The album is named after the cross streets where Halter lives in Los Angeles.
 For You is the first album by Indonesian singer who won the first season of the Indonesian version of the The X Factor Fatin Shidqia released on 11 November 2013 by Sony Music Entertainmmet Indonesia. The album was produced by Gustav Efraimsson with Hayden Bell and has a many genre of music like pop and RnB songs. The album debuted at number one on the Top Album iTunes Indonesia.
 Michael Krassner is the eponymously-titled debut solo album of composer Michael Krassner released on May 18 1999 through Atavistic Records.
 Revolution is the second full-length album by the South Korean pop girl group Kara. It was released on online music sites on July 30 2009 with a physical release on July 31. The album showed a more mature side from the group in contrast to their past releases and incorporates elements of electronic and hip-hop genres previously seen on their debut album The First Blooming.
 Gasoline Rainbows is a compilation album made by Sophia Bush and Austin Nichols (Stars of the Hit CW Network Show One Tree Hill) to benefit the Gulf Coast of the United States from the 2010 BP Oil Spill. The title track Gasoline Rainbows is written and performed by Amy Kuney.
 Sonny Stitt Blows the Blues is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in late 1959 and released on the Verve label.
 Women & Songs 3 is the third album in the Women & Songs franchise.
 Fillmore: The Last Days is a live album recorded at the Fillmore West in San Francisco California from June 29 to July 4 1971. It contains performances by 14 different bands mostly from the San Francisco Bay Area including Santana the Grateful Dead Hot Tuna Quicksilver Messenger Service and the New Riders of the Purple Sage. It was released by Columbia Records in June 1972 as a three-disc LP.
 The Death of Romance is the fifth album by Norwegian industrial rock quintet Zeromancer. Released just a year after their previous album Sinners International the electronic sounds prevail on this album rather than the heavy guitar sounding of Sinners. It is their second album released through the Trisol Music Group.A video for the track Industrypeople was shot.
 Bridge Over Troubled Water is a 1970 studio album by Paul Desmond. It consists of songs recorded by Simon & Garfunkel and arranged by Don Sebesky.
 Roots of Blue is an album of duets by Muhal Richard Abrams and Cecil McBee released on the RPR label in 1986.
 I Have Lost... is the second album released by the gothic metal band Mortal Love. It continues the trilogy of releases started by the album All the Beauty.... The song Adoration was made into a single. It was nominated for several awards.
 Deface the Music is a 1980 album by the band Utopia featuring Todd Rundgren Roger Powell Kasim Sulton and John Willie Wilcox. The concept of the album was to pay homage to The Beatles and create songs which sounded very similar to the Fab Four's tunes throughout the various stages of their career. The first track I Just Want to Touch You was written by Rundgren for the movie Roadie soundtrack.
 Havin' a Ball at the Village Gate is an album by Lambert Hendricks & Bavan the re-formed vocal group featuring Dave Lambert and Jon Hendricks with Yolande Bavan after Annie Ross left the group in 1962. The album was recorded live at the Village Gate NYC December 20 & 21 1963.
 Selections from Straight Outta Lynwood is the name of the second EP released by parody musician Weird Al Yankovic. The EP was released in 2006 as a 12 radio promo before Yankovic's twelfth studio album Straight Outta Lynwood.
 Sucker Punch is the soundtrack for the film of the same name. It was released on March 22 2011 by WaterTower Music. The album consists of covered songs mainly by the film's stars. Emily Browning sings three songs and Carla Gugino and Oscar Isaac performs a cover of Love Is the Drug as a duet.
 1.22.03.Acoustic so named for the date it was recorded live at the Hit Factory New York is a live EP by Californian band Maroon 5. It contains acoustic versions of many of the songs on their international hit album Songs About Jane as well as two cover songs (The Beatles' If I Fell and AC/DC's Highway to Hell).The album reached #42 in the United States and was certified Gold (Sales: 500000) and Silver in the United Kingdom.
 If the World Was You is an album by J.D. Souther released in 2008. It was his first studio release in 24 years recorded live with a five piece jazz ensemble.
 First Blood is a compilation album by the Danish industrial band Psychopomps. It features some of the bands best work as well as earlier recorded version of some songs.
 Six Six Six Nights in Hell is the third album by Danish industrial band Psychopomps. The track Wonderful World was featured on the soundtrack to the movie Saw.
 The Kingdom of Steel: The Very Best of Manowar is a compilation album by the heavy metal band Manowar. It was released Feb 2 1999 by MCA International.
 Goin' for Myself is the third album by session guitarist Dennis Coffey.
 Magnum Opus was the only album released by Top Quality. The album was released on November 14 1993 though RCA Records. Parrish PMD Smith of EPMD served as the album's executive producer.Though it had input from PMD the album found nowhere near the amount of success that EPMD and members of their Hit Squad had attained. Magnum Opus only made it to 95 on the Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and its two singles I Can't Hear You and What failed to appear on any Billboard charts.
 Under The Waterfall is the third album from Contemporary Christian music singer Cindy Morgan. It was released in 1995 by Word Records.Renowned singer/pianist Michael W. Smith plays keyboards on the song I'll Stand.
 Lechuza is the second album by Fenix TX released on May 22 2001 by MCA and Drive-Thru Records.The first song Phoebe Cates is a first-person tale of falling in lust with actress Phoebe Cates.
 Storm the Gates of Hell is the fourth studio album by Christian metal band Demon Hunter released on November 6 2007.
 This article is about an album by Caroline Lufkin; there is also a band called The Murmurs and a 1983 album by R.E.M. called Murmur.Murmurs is the first full-length album released by Caroline. It was released on Temporary Residence Limited.
 Apologies Are for the Weak is the debut album and third release from the metalcore band Miss May I and their last with bassist and clean vocalist Josh Gillespie. The album reached number 29 on Billboard's Top Heatseekers and number 66 on Top Independent Albums.
 The Best of Clannad: In a Lifetime is a greatest hits compilation album by Irish folk group Clannad. It contains two new tracks Christmas Angels and What Will I Do the latter of which is on the soundtrack to the Kevin Costner film Message in a Bottle.
 SuperMercado! is the major-label debut for the band 2 Skinnee J's. A music video was made for the single Riot Nrrrd.
 Changing Faces – The Best of Louise is a compilation album by the British singer Louise. It was released in 2001 and peaked at number 9 on the UK Albums Chart.After her third solo album Elbow Beach Redknapp was coming to the end of her 5-album deal with EMI (which included the album Always and Forever which she had made with Eternal). It was decided that a greatest hits package would be released incorporating all of Louise's 15 top-10 hit singles.
 The Singles aka The Singles A sides... and selected B sides is a limited edition three-disc CD boxed set released by Australian rock synthpop band Icehouse in February 1996 on dIVA Records / Massive Records in Germany and Australia; it was re-released in 1999 into the US market.
 Heaven Is Gone is the first studio album by American heavy metal band Seventh Void.The album sold around 1800 copies in the United States in its first week of release peaking at number 21 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart.
 Live at Fenway Park is a live album by American singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett and is one of number of Jimmy Buffett sound board live albums recorded directly from the mixing console without further editing thus resembling bootleg recordings. The album was recorded at Fenway Park ballpark in Boston Massachusetts on 10 September and 12 September 2004 two dates on Buffett's License to Chill Tour.
 As Friends Rust now being signed to Doghouse Records were mostly being distributed in the USA and the Good Life Recordings albums were starting to become harder to find. The UK fans also had to pay for import fees from the US or Belgium and the sells were not as prominent. An independent record label named Golf (under Plastic Head Records) decided to release a compilation of all of the released tracks excluding the Circle Jerks cover Operation with permission and license from B.
 DJ-Kicks: Brandt Brauer Frick is a DJ mix album by German electronic musician Brandt Brauer Frick. It was released on February 25 2014 under Studio !K7 independent record label as part of their DJ-Kicks series.
 Sorrow Throughout the Nine Worlds is the debut EP by melodic death metal band Amon Amarth released in April 1996 by Pulverised Records. It was originally released as a digipak limited to 1500 copies and later re-pressed as a normal MCD in two different versions of 1500 and 1000 copies. The MCD was re-issued in 2000 digitally remastered in a press of 2000 copies. It was also released as a limited picture disc by Metal Supremacy Records with 500 copies in 2001.
 Hitlåtar med Lena Philipsson 1985–1987 is a 1988 compilation album from Swedish pop singer Lena Philipsson.
 Dawgwood is a 1993 all-instrumental album by American musician David Grisman recorded with his group David Grisman Quintet. It is the second album recorded under Grisman's own label Acoustic Disc. Grisman's self-named Dawg music was well established when this album was recorded — it is influenced by traditional bluegrass jazz gypsy music Latin and more.
 Islands is the second album by the British pop band Kajagoogoo released on 21 May 1984 on the EMI label. It was recorded without singer Limahl who had been fired by the band in mid-1983 and went on to pursue a solo career. Bass player Nick Beggs already the group's main backing singer took over lead vocal duties and also wrote the lyrics.
 Endangered Species is a posthumous compilation of unreleased tracks guest appearances and greatest hits by the late rapper Big Pun released in 2001 following his death in February 2000. The proceeds from the album were to be given to Pun's widow Liza Rios and their three children.[1] The album reached a peak chart position of #7.
 Tanx is the eighth album by British rock band T. Rex released in 1973. Tanx was a hit in UK and Europe but it failed to match the success of The Slider in the US reaching only #102 in the album charts. At the time it was critically derided by journalists as an uneven departure from the unique melodic rock and roll that made the band famous.[1]The song Born to Boogie was actually not featured in the 1972 Ringo Starr produced film also called Born to Boogie.
 When We Were Lost is the debut album of The Lofty Pillars released on July 18 2000 through Atavistic Records.
 Days Like This is the twenty-third studio album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison released in 1995 (see 1995 in music). It is a diverse group of songs offering a variety of moods and styles. It ranked No. 5 on the UK album charts and was nominated for the Mercury Prize.
 Gone Again is an album by Patti Smith released June 18 1996 on Arista Records. The production of the record was preceded by the deaths of many of Smith's close friends and peers including her husband Fred Sonic Smith her brother Todd Robert Mapplethorpe Richard Sohl and Kurt Cobain with whom Smith had sympathized.
 Hot City is the debut album by Gene Page. It was produced by Barry White.
 The Intimate Sessions - Volume 1 is a 2006 (see 2006 in music) album by Ilse Huizinga.
 Téras is the sixth studio album by Swedish black metal band Naglfar. It was released on 26 March 2012 through Century Media Records. It is their first album in five years and their first album as a trio.
 Truth to Promises is the debut album by Heavy/Power metal band Symphorce.
 The U.S. vs. John Lennon is a soundtrack to the 2006 documentary film The U.S. vs. John Lennon. It was released in September 2006 and it peaked at #19 on the 14 October 2006 U.S. Top Soundtracks chart.
 The Last of Tha Pound is the second compilation album by rap group Tha Dogg Pound. It was released on April 27 2004 through Gangsta Advisory Records.
 United in Isolation is the ARIA-nominated debut album by Australian rock band Papa vs Pretty. It was released in Australia on 27 May 2011 through Peace & Riot/EMI. The album was recorded at BJB Studios and Oceanic Studios in Sydney Australia throughout January and February 2011. It was produced and engineered by five time ARIA Award winning producer Paul McKercher and mixed by Scott Horscroft.
 Our Version of Events is the debut studio album by Scottish singer-songwriter Emeli Sandé. The album was released on 13 February 2012 by Virgin Records following Sandé's winning of the Critic's Choice Award at the BRIT Awards 2012. Though Our Version of Events is her first release Sandé has been active in the industry since 2009 most notable appearing on singles by Chipmunk (Diamond Rings) and Wiley (Never Be Your Woman). The album features R&B soul and pop music.
 Greatest Hits: Straight Up! is a greatest hits album by singer Paula Abdul. The album was released on May 8 2007. The album contains Abdul's six U.S. number-ones. This hits album contains the top 20 single Will You Marry Me? which was left off her 2000 Greatest Hits album. Like its predecessor album Greatest Hits: Straight Up! did not chart on the Billboard 200 (though it did chart near the bottom of the R&B Albums chart).
 Put Ya Boots On is the debut album by Double X Posse. it was released on August 11 1992 under Big Beat Records.
 Serene Velocity is a compilation album by Stereolab released in late 2006. It focuses on material released during the band's Elektra years.
 Play On is the third studio album by American country singer Carrie Underwood. It was released in the United States on November 3 2009.The album debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 with first week sales of 318000 copies; and rated as the highest first week sales for a female artist in 2009 before being overtaken by Susan Boyle a few weeks later. It is her second album to debut at number one on the Billboard 200 and her third to debut atop the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Q was eighth studio album released by Mr. Children on September 27 2000.Since the beginning of their success in 1994 Q was the first album not to reach the #1 position because Ayumi Hamasaki outsold them by gapping 1 million copies in first week on the Oricon chart. It was also their lowest selling album since their first successful album Atomic Heart.
 Sweet Relief II: Gravity of the Situation is a 1996 tribute album that featured a variety of alternative rock bands covering songs written by quadriplegic musician Vic Chesnutt.
 Finally is the debut album by American singer CeCe Peniston released on January 28 1992 by A&M Records. Prior to the release of this album Peniston released her debut single Finally which topped the U.S. Billboard Hot Dance Music Club Play chart on October 26 1991 peaking eventually at number five on the Billboard Hot 100 and at number two in the UK Singles Chart.
 Pins and Needles is a 2007 album by Savatage guitarist Chris Caffery.
 High Low and In Between is an album by country singer/songwriter Townes Van Zandt released in 1972. The album was recorded in L.A. and showcases the country rock sound of the time similar to Gene Clark on songs such as You Are Not Needed Now as well as featuring what Van Zandt himself considered to be one of his most well written songs To Live Is To Fly.
 Pushin' Against a Stone is the fourth album by the American singer Valerie June. It was released on August 13 2013 by the Sunday Best Recordings label.
 Raw is a 2005 compilation album by rapper Juvenile. It features mostly songs the rapper made before his 1997 signing with Cash Money Records. The album was released digitally on the May 23 2005. Popular singles include Bounce For The Juvenile Yeah F***in' Right and Got It Going On.
 Maganuna is the third studio album to by Israeli singer Dana International released in 1996 on the Helicon/Big Foot label with the catalogue number HL 8143. There are three editions of the Maganuna album:The first edition has a special cross-formed poster containing the lyrics booklet.
 The Dwarves Come Clean is an album released by punk rock band Dwarves on the Epitaph label in February 2000. It was reissued as a picture disc LP in July 2000 on the Cold Front label.The band offered the song River City to George W. Bush's 2000 presidential campaign feeling that its chorus of I want to rape the U.S.A. was appropriate.
 John Cougar (titled Miami in Australia) is the third album released by John Mellencamp and the first under the name John Cougar. Released in 1979 following the Australian success of I Need a Lover from the previous year's A Biography (which did not receive a U.S. release) the album included the aforementioned track for U.S.
 Shooting Stars is the debut album by the pop duo Dollar.Released in 1979 the album contained the duo's first three singles; Shooting Star Who Were You With in the Moonlight and Love's Gotta Hold on Me. The album was released on Carrere Records and reached No.36 in the charts. Five of the nine tracks were written by Dollar members David Van Day and Thereza Bazar the album was produced by Christopher Neil.
 Eat Raw for Breakfast is the eleventh studio album by German Trance duo Blank & Jones. It was released on 18 December 2009. Soundcolours #SC 0309.
 Family Reunion is a 1975 album by American R&B group The O'Jays.
 Hearts on Fire is the second album from freestyle singer Noel Pagan released in 1993 by Mercury Records. It contains the single Hearts on Fire released on cassette and 12 vinyl. The album is also significant for showing the change in style of Noel now with a pop rock album.Donna is a cover of the Ritchie Valens song.
 The Great Wide Open is a mini-album from Funeral for a Friend the title track taken from the album Tales Don't Tell Themselves. Originally planned as the third single from the album (as announced in a news post on 14 August 2007) it was later deferred by two weeks and expanded to a mini-album in order to release the live tracks recorded in August (see below).
 A is for Allah is the name of a double album created for Muslim children by Yusuf Islam (formerly known as Cat Stevens originally known as Steven Demetre Georgiou). The album was released on July 11 2000 by Resurgence UK Records. The title song was written in 1980 upon the birth of Yusufs first child a daughter named Hasanah. Yusuf wanted his daughter to learn the Arabic language as well as read and understand the Qu'ran (in Arabic).
 Live at the Greek: Excess All Areas is a double live album by Jimmy Page and The Black Crowes released by musicmaker.com on 29 February 2000 and later by TVT Records on 4 July 2000. In October 1999 Page teamed up with The Black Crowes for a two-night performance of material from the Led Zeppelin catalogue and old blues and rock standards. Due to contractual problems with their record company The Black Crowes were unable to release any of their own songs which were played at the Greek shows.
 And So: On is the third album by American singer-songwriter Jimmy Webb released in May 1971 by Reprise Records.
 How Glory Goes is the second album from Audra McDonald released in 2000. Unlike her debut album Way Back to Paradise which featured songs from younger composers this album contains a mixture of new and old songs mostly from musical theatre. Five of the songs were written by Harold Arlen and two by Adam Guettel including the title track.
 FAST FORWARD～FUTURE BREAKBEATNIX～ released on May 26 2004 is m.o.v.e's ninth remix album. It combines songs from Deep Calm and DECADANCE.
 Rites of Passage is a live album by Roger Hodgson recorded in 1996 near Hodgson's home in Nevada City California. It was the last gig of several Californian dates in the summer of 1996.The album features three Supertramp hits six songs by Hodgson (five previously unrecorded) two songs written and performed as lead vocalist by Mikail Graham and one song written and performed as lead vocalist by Hodgson's son Andrew. The cover features the painting The Accolade (1901) by Edmund Blair Leighton.
 UZU-MAKI is the 3rd album of singer Kotoko under Geneon Entertainment. It was released on December 13 2006.
 Northern Star is the first album by the trip hop duo Groove Armada. It was released on 9 March 1998 on Tummy Touch Records.
 Colored Sands is the fifth full-length album by technical death metal band Gorguts. It is Gorguts' first studio album since 2001's From Wisdom to Hate. The album features the band's first recordings with guitarist Kevin Hufnagel and bassist Colin Marston and the band's only recordings with drummer John Longstreth. It is a concept album based on Tibet. The album was released digitally on August 6 2013 and the release of the CD and vinyl versions on September 3 2013.
 Julie Covington is a 1978 album by English singer Julie Covington. It was produced by legendary duo of producer Joe Boyd and sound engineer John Wood. Most of the albums was recorded at Britannia Row Studios in Islington. It was her second album released on Virgin Records. In 2000 it was reissued as Julie Covington Plus and features two bonus tracks.
 Yolandita (2000) is the compilation album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge. It was released in Spain for the European market in 2000. This album contains the full tracking of Monge's Siento plus three songs from Mi Encuentro and one song from Yolandita (1995). This is a very rare album and a collector's items for fans of the singer.
 My Pink Palace is the first Studio album by singer Elle Madison It was released on August 7 2009 through Funkin Beatz.The album features Apademik Anubiz Child of The Universe and D. Eyevee
 Folge mir ins Licht is an EP by the German synthpop band Melotron released in 2003. Folge mir ins Licht is taken from the album Weltfrieden.
 Debelah is the first album of American singer Debelah Morgan. It was released in the United States by Atlantic Records on June 14 1994.Atlantic Records released this album in the U.S.A. and Japan. This album includes two singles: Take It Easy and a remake of the Denice Williams song Free.
 Steppin' onto the Scene is the debut EP by American hip hop group Bassmint Productions who were later renamed Soul Intent in 1992. This EP was produced by Manix and self-released on cassette on March 3 1990. It had two sides The M&M Side and The Chaos Side. The M&M Side was entirely performed and written by Eminem (then known as M&M) while The Chaos Side was entirely performed and written by Chaos Kid. The EP was never released commercially and thus its content has become very rare.
 Early Rebel Recordings: 1962–1971 is a compilation album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen. A collection of 110 songs 5 of them previously unreleased divided on 4 CD's the album includes various lineups of the early Country Gentlemen. It includes the first and second classic lineup while adding Dobro of Mike Auldridge or second guitar by Pete Kuykendall.
 Now or Never is the second album by American rapper Tela released on October 16 1998 through Rap-a-Lot Records. The album peaked at 49 on the Billboard 200 and 13 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Genesis Live is the first live album released by rock group Genesis in 1973. It was the band's first top 10 hit in the UK reaching No.9 and remaining on the charts for 10 weeks.
 Jealous Again is a 12 EP that was the second release by American hardcore punk band Black Flag and the third-ever release on SST Records.
 Guns and Roses Volume. 2 is the second studio album by grime supergroup Ruff Sqwad. It was released in October 2006 on the independent record label Ruff Sqwad Recordings and was very well received by the grime scene. Along with their debut album Guns and Roses Volume. 1 it has also been ranked amongst the best full-length studio albums of all time to come from the grime scene. The album is the second of a three-part album series.
 Espresso Bongo is the second studio album released by Mental As Anything. It was released in July 1980 produced by Cameron Allan and peaked at #37 on the Australian Album charts. The only single released from the album Come Around written by Martin Plaza was released in June 1980 and peaked at #18 on the Australian Singles charts. Virgin Records passed on their option to release this album overseas due to theirs and the band's dissatisfaction with the finished product.
 Share This Place: Stories and Observations is a collaborative album between Mirah and Spectratone International (Lori Goldston and Kyle Hanson) released on K Records in 2007. The subject matter revolves around the lives of insects. Stop motion films by Britta Johnson were also a part of the project which received a positive reception in publications such as Allmusic and Pitchfork Media.
 Catastrophe Ballet is Christian Death's second studio album. This is the first album that featured Valor Kand. Besides Rozz Williams the lineup was completely different from Only Theatre of Pain. The popular front cover art of this album was by Serge Burner of the Ivitation Au Suicide label staff.
 This album features Integrity worship leaders Don Moen Jared Anderson Lenny LeBlanc Lincoln Brewster Paul Baloche and Robin Mark.
 Big Iron World is the sixth studio album by folk/country/old timey band Old Crow Medicine Show released on August 29 2006. The album was produced by David Rawlings who is most famously known for being Gillian Welch's musical partner. Welch herself plays drums on the album.
 Vivacitas (subtitled Live at Glasgow 2002) is a live album recorded by The Nice who reformed for a set of concerts augmented by the Keith Emerson Band for the second half of the concert. Davy O'List The Nice's original guitarist did not take part and was replaced by Dave Kilminster.
 Ink is the fifth album by Spanish/German rock band Frogcircus released on the German label BlackRock Records in 2010.The album was produced by Antonio J. Pérez Alonso. The recordings took place at D&S Studio in Berlin (Germany) between December 2009 and March 2010. Mixes were made by Gonzalo Ramos in Almería (Spain) at Estudios Mix while the mastering was done at London's Abbey Road Studios.
 Footloose is the original soundtrack of the Paramount motion picture Footloose. The original nine-track album was released in 1984 (see 1984 in music) and reached number one on the US Billboard 200 chart on April 21 1984 where it stayed until June 30 1984. When it was re-released in 1998 four bonus tracks were added to the album. In 2002 Sony International released the Australian Souvenir Edition (aka Australian Cast Special Edition).
 Jukebox is the first studio album from Canadian rock legends Randy Bachman and Burton Cummings under the Bachman & Cummings name. It was released on Sony BMG on June 12 2007. The album features covers of songs from the 1960s that Bachman and Cummings believed inspired them while growing up in Winnipeg Manitoba. Bachman and Cummings are backed on Jukebox by the Canadian band The Carpet Frogs.
 Storms is Hedley's fourth full length album. It was released on November 8 2011 in Canada. [1]
 A Beautiful EP is an EP release by indie rock band Clem Snide. It was released primarily to capitalize on the band's performance of the Christina Aguilera single Beautiful during live shows.Two versions were released one for the United States market on spinART Records and a European version on Fargo Records with extra tracks.
 A Little Tiny Smelly Bit of... The Stinky Puffs is The Stinky Puffs first release following the band's self-titled debut in 1991. It includes four songs recorded in the studio followed by the same four songs recorded live at the Capitol Theater in Olympia Washington as part of the Yoyo A Go Go Festival in July 1994. Pizza Break acts as an intermission between the two recordings.
 Take A Good Look is the debut album of singer-songwriter Alyson.
 The Pick of Billy Connolly is a Billy Connolly compilation album.
 Headhunter is the seventh studio album by the Swiss hard rock band Krokus released in 1983. It achieved Gold status in the United States. The track Screaming in the Night was the band's biggest hit to date and is still played on classic rock radio stations. Headhunter is the only Krokus album to feature Steve Pace on drums and includes the Bachman–Turner Overdrive cover Stayed Awake All Night.
 Hangin' Out is the third studio album by Funk Inc. released in 1973.
 Wainek 7abeeby is a 1995 album by the singer Nawal El Kuwaiti.
 Songs by Burke and Van Heusen is a 1959 studio album by Lena Horne of songs written by Johnny Burke and Jimmy Van Heusen. This album was released in some countries with the alternative title A Friend Of Yours. Recorded with Lennie Hayton and His Orchestra at the RCA Victor studio New York on December the 1st and 9th 1958 completed on January the 5th 1959. The complete album has been re-issued on CD in Stereo firstly in 2001 by BMG Japan and by Avid Easy Records in 2010.
 The music of Cutie Honey spans many soundtracks including Cutey Honey: TV Original B.G.M. Collection and New Super Android Cutey Honey: Music Collection Vol. 1 by Columbia Records and Koda Kumi's Love & Honey by Avex Group under the Rhythm Zone label.
 A Night to Remember is the third studio album by American recording artist Cyndi Lauper. According the book St. James Encyclopedia of Popular Culture (Volume 3) the album sold half a million of copies in 1989 in the United States.
 Crispy Park is the seventh album of the Japanese pop rock group Every Little Thing released on August 9 2006. The album's seemingly unconventional name has the meaning of an enjoyable atmosphere that's both fresh and exciting (新鮮でワクワクするような楽しい雰囲気) according to ELT's official website.
 Ekranoplan is the second studio album by American psychedelic rock band Assemble Head in Sunburst Sound released in March 2007 on Tee Pee Records.
 The Dream Calls for Blood is the seventh studio album from American thrash metal band Death Angel. The album was released on October 11 2013 via Nuclear Blast. It sold over 5400 copies in the U.S and reached number 72 on the Billboard 200 marking the first time in Death Angel's history that they cracked the Top 100 on the American charts.
 Celebration is the second album release by the Mike Love fronted band Celebration. The album was released in February 1979 and mainly features song writing from Mike Love and Ron Altbach. The album also contains a Brian Wilson co-write called How’s About A Little Bit. Starbaby and Gettin' Hungry were released as the lead singles for album. The album has long been difficutl to find as it is estimated only 5000 copies were pressed and released.
 The Great Jazz Piano of Phineas Newborn Jr is an album by jazz pianist Phineas Newborn. Accompanying him on trio sessions are Leroy Vinnegar or Sam Jones on bass and either Milt Turner or Louis Hayes on drums.
 Timewind is the fifth album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 1975 and in 2006 was the twenty-second Schulze album reissued by Revisited Records. It is Schulze's first solo album to use a sequencer. For many years this was his only work available in the United States and was therefore rated higher by American listeners than 1977's Mirage or X of the following year. It was awarded the Grand Prix du Disque (Grand Prize for Records) of L'Académie Charles Cros.
 Akustika Chamber Singers is a chamber choir from South Africa consisting of 36 young adults and is based in the capital Pretoria.
 La Casa del Amor is the debut album from ex-Timbiriche singer Erik Rubin. It was released in December 1993. The first single Cuando mueres por alguien became in a huge hit lasting several months in the chart. It was certified as a Gold Record.
 Cannonball in Europe! is a live album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley recorded at the Comblain-la-Tour in Belgium and released on the Capitol label featuring performances by Adderley with Nat Adderley Yusef Lateef Joe Zawinul Sam Jones and Louis Hayes.
 Sleepy Hollow is an album by the Siegel–Schwall Band. Their second album on the Wooden Nickel Records label and their sixth album overall it was recorded at Paragon Recording Studios in Chicago. It was released on vinyl in 1972. It was re-released as a CD by Wounded Bird Records in 1999.
 Pushmonkey is the second studio album by the American band Pushmonkey released in 1998 (see 1998 in music).
 Wreckage is the first album by British DJ/producer Overseer. Most of its tracks have been featured in an advertisement film video game trailer or television show.
 Who I Am is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson. The album was released on June 28 1994 via Arista Records.
 Pull Up Some Dust and Sit Down is the fourteenth studio album by American recording artist Ry Cooder released August 30 2011 on Nonesuch Records. Following his 2008 album I Flathead Cooder pursued more political direction with his songwriting and was inspired by the late-2000s economic crisis and past protest songs. The album was written and produced by Cooder who recorded at Drive-By Studios Ocean Studios and Wireland Studios in California.
 You're the One is the first extended play by English recording artist Charli XCX. Three versions of the EP were released with varying tracklists.
 You Come Before You is the third full-length album by American experimental hardcore band Poison the Well. It was released on July 1 2003. It is the band's only release on a major label (Atlantic Records). More than 115500 copies of the album have been sold in the U.S. to date.
 Watch Your Back is the sixth studio album released by blues guitarist Guitar Shorty (David Kearney). The album was released on April 27 2004 on CD by the label Alligator Records. The album has been called a welcome return for old fans and a perfect introduction for those new to Shorty's long career.
 Life Liberty & the Pursuit of Free Downloads (also referred to as The 30th Anniversary Album) is a studio album released by American punk rock band T.S.O.L. The album was released for free as a download through Hurley. Throughout the recording process the band posted video blogs chronicling the making of the album.
 Don't Get Comfortable is first studio album from contemporary Christian musician Brandon Heath. The album was released on September 5 2006. The album's first single I'm Not Who I Was became a number one hit on Christian radio. The album received one GMA Dove Award nomination with its single I'm Not Who I Was.
 Gimme Fiction is the fifth album by the indie rock band Spoon released on May 10 2005. It debuted at #44 on the Billboard 200. I Turn My Camera On has been released as a single and received some radio-play. Some versions of the album were sold with a bonus disc. Sister Jack was used on the Wedding Crashers soundtrack. I Turn My Camera On was used on the Bones episode The Man in the S.U.V.
 Relax Edition 3 is the eighth studio album by Trance duo Blank & Jones. It was released in 2007.
 Derbe Respect Alder is a collaboration album released in 2004 by Faust and Dälek.
 Back in the Saddle is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Chris Cagle. It was released on June 26 2012 via Bigger Picture Music Group. It includes the Top 15 single Got My Country On.
 Furioso is the second studio album by the German technical death metal band Pavor.
 Horses in the Sky (2005) is the fourth album by the Canadian post-rock band Silver Mt. Zion this time under the alias Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra & Tra-La-La Band. This is the first Silver Mt. Zion release to feature lyrics on every track (an aspect of the band distinguishing it from parent group Godspeed You! Black Emperor).
 Hurricane Katrina: We Gon Bounce Back is the third and final album by rap group 504 Boyz. It was released on November 8 2005 through Guttar Music and was produced by Myke Diesel. Released less than three months after Hurricane Katrina which impacted the group's hometown of New Orleans this album was dedicated to the victims of the disaster.
 Stephy Fantasy is an album by Stephy Tang and it was released on March 28 2006.The tracks on the album are: 禮物 (Gift) 零與零之間 (Between Zero) 十分．愛 (A Lot of Love) 自由自在 (Free) 姊妹淘 (Sisters) 被遺棄的公主 (Abandoned Princess) 占星術 (The Art of Astrology) 蝴蝶飛了 (The Butterfly Flew) 天使/魔鬼 (Angel/Devil) 蘋果 (Apple) So Sweet 十分．愛 (A Lot of Love - featuring Alex Fong)
 Rise Up Like The Sun is an electric folk album released in 1978 by the Albion Band. The album is in part a collaboration between John Tams on vocals and melodeon and Ashley Hutchings on electric bass. This is not the first album on which the two worked together but it remains the most fulfilling for listeners.
 RossoNoemi is the second studio album by Italian singer Noemi published on 22 March 2011 by Sony Music Italy.The album with a prominent rock-oriented sound was preceded by the single Vuoto a perdere published on 28 January 2011 and written by the Italian rock-star Vasco Rossi with Gaetano Curreri the leader of the band Stadio. The first single was produced by Celso Valli while the remaining songs were produced by Corrado Rustici.
 Assortment is Atomic Rooster’s first compilation album issued by Charisma Records in 1973. It is composed of tracks from their first three studio albums.
 Sidewalk Blues (subtitled Blues Rags Jazz & Spirituals) is an album by American guitarist Tim Sparks released in 2009. It marks a return to 'roots' music for Sparks after three albums of klezmer and jazz recordings on the Tzadik Records label.
 10 Years of Chaos and Confusion is a compilation album released in 2001 by Hypocrisy. The album is also available as a limited edition 2CD boxset. The cardsleeve bonus disc includes six video clips the 1991 Rest in Pain demo (tracks 1 - 3) the 1992 demo (tracks 4 - 8) and a new track Turn the Page.
 Shattered Existence is the debut album by the british thrash metal band Xentrix. it was released on September 18th 1989 through R/C Records.
 Heart and Soul is the second studio album by singer-songwriter Kathy Troccoli. This album received a Grammy nomination in 1984 and contains songs written by Michael W. Smith. It featured music popular with CCM as well as synth-pop friendly songs I Belong To You Holy Holy and Hearts Of Fire. The album features the songwriting skills of Brown and Debbie Bannister Amy Grant Gary Chapman Michael W. Smith as well as others.
 Archangel is the second public album by the group Two Steps From Hell released in September 2011. It consists of 26 tracks written by composers Thomas J. Bergersen and Nick Phoenix. The album contains 14 tracks from the album Nero.
 A la resistencia española is the eighth album by the folk music artist Rolando Alarcón.
 Downtown Battle Mountain II is the fourth studio album by American post-hardcore band Dance Gavin Dance released on March 8 2011.The album is not a direct continuation of the band's first album Downtown Battle Mountain but features the same line-up that recorded the first album as original members Jonny Craig Jonathan Mess and Eric Lodge all rejoined the band in 2010 (Sean O'Sullivan participated in a small string of reunion shows but did not appear on the album; he did however contribute to writing at least one song.) It was produced by Kris Crummett who produced the band's previous albums. 
 MTV Unplugged is the first live album recorded by Mexican singer-songwriter Julieta Venegas. The album features a selection of her greatest hits along with new tracks including the singles El Presente and Algún Día. A handful of guest artists was included: Gustavo Santaolalla Natalia Lafourcade Cuarteto Latinoamericano La Mala Rodríguez.
 Cold in California is the third studio album released by the pop-rock band Ingram Hill August 21 2007.
 De Noche is the fourth studio album by Mexican singer María José.
 Elementary is the seventh album from Contemporary Christian music singer Cindy Morgan.
 Rock Action is the third full-length studio album by Scottish post-rock band Mogwai.
 Turn Japanese is an EP released by Me First and the Gimme Gimmes on February 21 2001 by Japanese label Pizza of Death Records. The EP is made up of covers of songs from the 1960s and 70s.The majority of the songs were previously released with The Boxer You've Got a Friend and Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me each originally appearing on 7 singles (Garf In Your Barkalounger and Elton respectively) in 1999. All three later appeared on Have Another Ball.
 Dream of a Drunk Black Southern Eagle is the name of a Bonnie 'Prince' Billy EP released in 1999 as a free item for subscribers of the French daily newspaper Libération. It contains two singles previously released in the U.S. in 1998: One with the Birds / Southside of the World and I Am Drinking Again / Dreaming My Dreams.
 This Scarecrow Needs a Flame is an EP by post-hardcore group Four Letter Lie. It was recorded at Glow In The Dark Studios with producer Matt Goldman who has done other post-hardcore bands such as Underoath. It was released on November 18 2005. Both of songs on this release were rerecorded for their full-length album Let Your Body Take Over (2006). The Ordinary Life stays true to the original but Lets Call It A Night was changed slightly and renamed Baby You're My Bad Habit.
 Burritos Inspiration Point Fork Balloon Sports Cards In The Spokes Automatic Biographies Kites Kung Fu Trophies Banana Peels We've Slipped On and Egg Shells We've Tippy Toed Over is Cap'n Jazz's first and only full-length album released in 1994 on Man With Gun Records. It is also referred to as the Shmap'n Shmazz LP. It is long out of print and extremely difficult to find.
 And I Thank You is the first full-length album by Canadian indie rock band The Elwins. Before its release on February 21 2012 it was named among the top 20 most anticipated Canadian albums of 2012 by Exclaim! The single Come on Out was the number one song on CBC Radio 3's The R3-30 chart for the week of June 9 2012.
 Stranded on Earth is an album by Valient Thorr released in 2003.
 Mondo Cane is a 2010 album by Mike Patton. Featuring a forty-member orchestra and fifteen-piece backing band the album contains a series of cover versions of 1950s and 60s Italian pop music. Patton conceived of the album while living in Bologna and became attracted to music he heard on the radio featuring pop singers backed by orchestras.Released on May 4 2010 through Patton's record label Ipecac Recordings Mondo Cane has been met with favorable responses from music critics.
 Serve & Collect III is the fourth album by the Boss Hogg Outlawz released on August 30 2011 through E1 Music. The album marked the departure of founding members Chris Ward and Killa Kyleon who left the group prior to the album's release.The album did not chart on the Billboard 200 though it did make it to four other charts including the R&B and rap charts.
 So Close is the debut album by British soul–dance singer Dina Carroll released in January 1993 on the A&M label. The album made its chart debut at #2 and remained in the top 20 of the UK Albums Chart for six months. It ended 1993 as the fourth-best-selling album of the year in the United Kingdom and its success continued into 1994 as it remained in the top 20 for another three months and again rose to a peak of #2.
 You've Got a Good Love Comin' is a studio album by Lee Greenwood released on May 17 1984. It was certified Gold.
 Ainsi Soit Je... (a play on ainsi soit-il which can mean either so be it or amen) is the second album by Mylène Farmer released in April 1988. It contains the hit singles Sans contrefaçon Pourvu qu'elles soient douces and Sans logique. Generally well received by critics it was very successful and remains to date the second best-selling album of the singer.
 Q&A is an independently released album by the Chicago-based band Office in 2005.
 Commander Cody and His Lost Planet Airmen is the fifth album by the Country rock band Commander Cody and His Lost Planet Airmen. It was their first album for Warner Bros. Records.
 Freudiana /ˌfrɔɪdiˈænə/ was to be the 11th album by The Alan Parsons Project but during its development Eric Woolfson decided to turn the album into a rock opera. It was released as simply Freudiana though fans and sources debate on whether it should be considered an Alan Parsons Project album or an Eric Woolfson solo album.
 Live in Europe is the second live album by the progressive rock supergroup Transatlantic. Released in 2003 it documents the November 12 2001 show by the band at the 013 Club Tilburg Netherlands. The show was also filmed and released on DVD with a bonus disc featuring additional performances and documentary footage.
 Metar iznad asfalta (English: One Meter Above the Asphalt) is a 1998 debut album by Serbian pop singer Ana Stanić. She debuted as a solo artist with a song Molila sam anđele on Mediterranean Festival which was held in Budva. It was later released as her debut and first single off then-upcoming album and it became very successful in the country becoming her most notable and signature song to date. The album was released in summer 1998.The album contains 11 songs and 2 bonus tracks.
 Satta Massagana is a roots reggae album released by The Abyssinians officially in 1976. It is widely considered The Abyssinians' crowning achievement and a classic roots reggae album.The title track Satta Massagana was a huge hit and has been versioned numerous times by both The Abyssinians and other artists since. It has even been adopted by some Rastafarian groups as a hymn used during services.
 A Perfect Match is a 1979 (see 1979 in music) live album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald accompanied by the Count Basie Orchestra and featuring Count Basie himself on the last track.This is the last of four albums Fitzgerald recorded at Montreux Jazz Festival to be released.Ella's performance on this album won her the 1980 Grammy Award for Best Jazz Vocal Performance Female.Two further tracks from this concert I Don't Stand a Ghost of a Chance With You and Flying Home appeared on the 1979 album Digital III at Montreux.
 Signs of Infinite Power is the 10th album by the southern California stoner rock band Fu Manchu. It was released on October 20 2009 on Century Media Records.
 Innu is the second album by Canadian folk rock band Kashtin released in 1991. The album was certified platinum in Canada. It contains the band's biggest chart hit Ishkuess as well as a cover of Willie Dunn's Son of the Sun the only song the band ever recorded in a language other than their native Innu tongue.
 Yes I'm a Witch is a remix album by Yoko Ono released on February 6 2007 by Apple Records and Astralwerks. Artists invited to contribute were asked to select a song from Ono's back catalogue and were then presented with all the necessary elements to create a remix/cover to their desires.
 Live (Industry Sampler) is a live album by American alternative rock band Caroline's Spine. The collection features songs recorded live at various venues. It was only released for a short time and not to the average consumer.
 Raw as F**k is an album by the British electronic music group Freestylers. Released in July 2004 it was the group's third album. It is also the first full-length album release from the Againgst the Grain label. The remix album was released almost a year later.The album included mostly fast-paced dance music with tracks including the singles Get a Life Push Up and Boom Blast. Push Up was particularly successful in Australia as a single where it reached No.
 Mozart Piano Concertos Nos. 12 21 23 is the twelfth album by pianist and composer Fazıl Say (1970) from Turkey. This album was recorded live in July 2004 at Neumünster Church Zurich (Switzerland) with the Zurich Chamber Orchestra and Howard Griffiths (1950) conductor. The album was released by Naïve Classique on September 14 2004 and features three piano concertos by composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (1767).
 Blade of a Knife is the first full-length album by punk rock band Bomb Factory. It was released in August 1996 on an independent label and contains 12 songs.
 Talk to Your Daughter is a blues-rock album by Robben Ford released in 1988. The album's cover version of the Albert King classic Born Under a Bad Sign was used as a supporting soundtrack in the Clint Eastwood movie Pink Cadillac.
 Unforgiven is the album folk artist Tim Hardin was recording in 1980 but failed to complete due to his death of a drug overdose.Portions of the album are incomplete studio tracks with vocals. Other songs are from home cassette demos recorded by Hardin prior to his death.The original version of Judge and Jury was his last single released in 1973 in England only.
 Heads Or Tales is the fifth studio album by the Canadian progressive rock band Saga and was originally released in 1983. The album was the second of the band's to be produced by 1980s producer Rupert Hine. Although it did not receive the commercial success of the previous collaboration between the band and Hine both The Flyer and Cat Walk became respectable radio hits for the band with the album eventually securing gold status in Canada and Germany.
 Backspacer was the last studio album by the New Zealand rock band Supergroove. It was released in 1996 by RCA Records. Before the band finished the record creative differences saw member Che Ness leave to pursue a solo career.
 Nuggets II: Original Artyfacts from the British Empire and Beyond 1964–1969 is a 2001 four-disc box set from Rhino Records.While the original Nuggets compilation concentrated on the American pop and rock scene the second Nuggets shifted its focus to the rest of the world collecting cuts from the United Kingdom (such as the Pretty Things and the Small Faces) Canada (The Guess Who and The Haunted) Japan (The Mops) Australia (The Easybeats The Masters Apprentices) New Zealand (The La De Das and Chants R&B) Sweden (The Tages) Iceland (Thor's Hammer) the Netherlands (Q65 Cuby & the Blizzards and Golden Earrings) Peru (We All Together) Brazil (Os Mutantes) Uruguay (Los Shakers) and Austria (The Slaves).The compilation was produced by Alec Palao. 
 Turn It On Again: The Hits is a greatest hits collection by British progressive rock/pop-rock band Genesis. The album was first released as a single album on 26 October 1999 (see 1999 in music) by Virgin Records in England and by Atlantic Records in the United States.In 2007 an expanded two-disc edition subtitled The Tour Edition was released to promote the Turn It on Again reunion tour. All of the tracks except for The Carpet Crawlers 1999 were remixed by Nick Davis.
 I Paralyze is the 17th album by American singer-actress Cher released on May 28 1982 by Columbia Records. This album was a commercial failure and failed to chart. Following the record's release Cher took a five year hiatus from music to focus on a film career.
 Cutie Queen Vol. 1 (キューティークイーン VOL.1 Kyūtī Kuīn Boryūmu Wan) is the first album by the Japanese pop idol group Cute released on October 25 2006 on the Zetima label. The album was released in limited and regular editions. The limited edition included an extra DVD.The album debuted at number 7 in the Daily Oricon Albums Chart. It ranked 15th in the Oricon weekly chart staying in the list for 3 weeks.As of 2011 it remains C-ute's 2nd best selling album.
 Para Toda Vida is an album by The New Amsterdams recorded in 2001 and released on January 22 2002.
 Blaze of Glory is the third album by heavy metal band Jack Starr's Burning Starr. Released in 1987 by U.S. Metal Records.
 Zoot Sims and the Gershwin Brothers is a 1975 (see 1975 in music) studio album by Zoot Sims featuring the music of George and Ira Gershwin.
 Southbound is the second studio album by American folk music artist Doc Watson released in 1966.
 Built With Hate is an album by the band Scraper released on Household Name Records on August 5 1996. The first 500 were released on 10 blue vinyl.
 I Will Get On is the debut extended play by Norwegian electronic singer Annie. The EP included five remixes and the original track.
 Billion Dollar Gravy is a drum n bass album by London Elektricity released in 2003. The album is known for its usage of live musicians such as the Jungle Drummer (drums) Liane Carroll (jazz vocals) Andy Waterworth (upright bass) Robert Owens (vocals) and others much like London Elektricity's debut Pull the Plug.
 Midnight Mushrumps is the second studio album made by the band Gryphon. The album was released on Transatlantic Records in the UK catalogue number TRA 282.The album was engineered by Dave Grinsted and recorded at the Chipping Norton Recording Studios Oxfordshire in January 1974.
 See You in the Next Life... is a fan-club release album by the English alternative rock band Suede released in 2004.The album was limited to 2000 copies and is mostly demos and remixes of previously released songs. Elaine Paige is an alternate version of Another No One a B-side on the Trash CD2 single. La Puissance is a live version of The Power (from Suede's Dog Man Star album) sung in French.
 The Changeling was Toyah's follow-up album to the critically acclaimed Anthem.
 Soul for Sale is the second album by Finnish band Soulcage released in 2009. My Canvas My Skin was released as the lead single along with a video directed and written by Tuomas Parviainen reaching number 8 on the official Finnish download chart and number 10 on the Finnish single chart in March 2009.The album was released in the United Kingdom on April 23 2010.
 Heart of the Matter EP is a release by the Australian band The Screaming Jets in 2004. the two radio singles taken of the EP were 'Heart of the Matter' and 'Right Place Wrong Time' which also had video clips made for them.
 Kylie: The Videos is a VHS release by Australian pop singer Kylie Minogue. The music video collection was released in November 1988 in the United Kingdom Germany France and Japan.
 Down in There is an album by American folk singer/guitarist Greg Brown released in 1990.
 Gettin' That Guac is a studio album released by MessCalen on August 1 2006. Guest appearances on the album include Redman Selau Killa Tay Keak Da Sneak Click Clack Gang Eddieboy Slo-O & Ice-T.
 Popstar: A Dream Come True is the debut album by Filipino singer Sarah Geronimo released on September 11 2003 in the Philippines by VIVA Records. It was produced by Vincent del Rosario. After winning the grand champion title on Star for a Night she signed a recording contract with the label and immediately recorded and released her first album. The album was a collaboration of the most respected composers namely Vehnee Saturno Ogie Alcasid George Canseco Wency Cornejo and Jun Murillo.
 Unbelievable (simplified Chinese: 不可思议; traditional Chinese: 不可思議; pinyin: búkěsīyì) is the 9th album of the Taiwanese R&B artist and composer Leehom Wang and was released on October 15 2003.The album was awarded one of the Top 10 Selling Mandarin Albums of the Year at the 2004 IFPI Hong Kong Album Sales Awards presented by the Hong Kong branch of IFPI.
 Glorious Fool is a 1981 studio album by musician John Martyn. After a long association with Island Records this was Martyn's first album for WEA. The album was produced by Phil Collins and engineered by Nick Launay and Steve Travell. The album is named for the title track satirizing Ronald Reagan's ascent to the White House as the 40th U.S. President.Opening track Couldn't Love You More is a re-worked arrangement of the song that originally appeared on 1977's One World.
 Les Chemins de verre is the fourth studio album by Canadian indie rock group Karkwa. The album's title literally translates as The Glass Pathways or The Glass Roads although it is also a pun on the French language phrase chemins de fer or railroads.The entire album was written and recorded over the span of 21 days.The album won the 2010 Polaris Music Prize making Karkwa the first francophone band to win the award.
 Late Night Tales: The Flaming Lips is a compilation album compiled by the members of The Flaming Lips featuring songs by various artists. The album was released on March 7 2005 and it features one new Flaming Lips recording a cover of the White Stripes' Seven Nation Army.Late Night Tales: The Flaming Lips is the 13th in the Late Night Tales series. Each installment in the series is a compilation of songs that were influential on or favourites of the featured artist.
 Filmworks XV: Protocols of Zion features a score by John Zorn for a documentary film by Marc Levin. The album was released on Zorn's own label Tzadik Records in 2005 and contains music that Zorn wrote and recorded for Protocols of Zion (2005) a documentary detailing the rise of anti-semitism following the September 11 attacks.
 The Features is the fourth studio album by American rock band The Features which was released on May 14 2013 on the label Bug Music/Serpents and Snakes.
 The Last Trane is an album credited to jazz musician John Coltrane released in 1965 on Prestige Records catalogue 7378. It is assembled from unissued results of three separate recording sessions at the studio of Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack New Jersey in 1957 and 1958. As Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s long after he had stopped recording for the label Prestige used unissued recordings to create new marketable albums without Coltrane's input or approval.
 Enjoy The Times is the sixth album by West London Post punk and Indie band The Times released in 1986.
 Melody A.M. is the debut studio album by Norwegian electronic music duo Röyksopp released on 3 September 2001 by Wall of Sound. Songs from this album have been used in television adverts and computer games; Remind Me was formally featured in an advertisement for GEICO Insurance in one of their popular Caveman ads while Eple was licensed by Apple and used as the introduction music for the Mac OS X v10.3 setup assistant.
 Transcendence Into the Peripheral is the first full-length album by the Australian death/doom band Disembowelment. The album was originally released in 1993. In 2005 this album was included in its entirety as part of a double CD of all the band's recorded material.Track 7 from this album (Cerulean Transience of All My Imagined Shores) is also the name of an experimental/psychedelic/metaphysical ambient project.
 In the Grace of Your Love is the third and final full-length album by dance-punk band The Rapture and the first without former bassist Mattie Safer. The album was released on September 2 2011. The album marks their return to DFA Records after leaving Universal Music Group. The cover features a picture of band member Luke Jenner's father.
 The Art of War is the third studio album by rap group Bone Thugs-N-Harmony which was released on July 29 1997. The album sold 394000 units in its first week of release. The album was certified quadruple Platinum by the RIAA in June 1998. It was the first double-album from Bone Thugs-n-Harmony. The album included the platinum-single Look into My Eyes and the gold-single If I Could Teach the World. The whole album is produced by DJ U-Neek.
 As The Music Plays is the debut album released by Pinoy rock band Bamboo following the return of Bamboo Mañalac in the Philippine music scene after 5 years of hiatus in the USA. Bamboo immediately gained fame for the track Noypi which captivated the hearts of the youth and sparked patriotism in the Philippines. This album contains 10 tracks with 3 in Tagalog namely: Noypi Hudas and Masaya.The initial release of the album used a white cover.
 In the Meantime and In Between Time is an album by Vancouver British Columbia punk rock band SNFU released in 2004. It reached number six on the Top Ten Metal/Punk chart on ChartAttack's radio charts for the week of December 10 2004 and charted at various Canadian campus and community radio stations.
 Mas Que Alcanzar una estrella (Album) is the soundtrack to the film Mas Que Alcanzar una estrella. It was released in 1992. The album includes songs by artists such as Eduardo Capetillo Mariana Garza and Ricky Martin among others.In the movie Muñecos de Papel is formed by Ricky Martin Bibi Gaytan Alejandro Ibarra and Lorena Rojas.
 Ringo the 4th is the sixth album by Ringo Starr released in 1977. Its title refers to the fact that it is his fourth rock album. Ringo the 4th has a more dance-oriented context.
 Pharaoh Overlord #2 is the second album by Finnish experimental rock band Pharaoh Overlord. It was released on CD in 2003 by No Quarter Records. It features three members of krautrock-influenced rock band Circle indulging their love for stoner rock. Like its predecessor the album is completely instrumental and the tracks follow a basic model of repetitive riffs. However it is a much more subdued record than Pharaoh Overlord #1 even featuring acoustic guitars in places.
 15 Años De Éxitos is the first greatest hits album (sixteenth overall) from Mexican singer Alejandro Fernández this album contains 15 successful tracks from 8 of his previous albums (Piel De Niña Que Seas Muy Feliz Muy Dentro de Mi Corazón Me Estoy Enamorando Mi Verdad Orígenes Niña Amada Mía and A Corazón Abierto) in addition to the newly recorded track El Lado Oscuro Del Amor from the Mexican film El Búfalo De La Noche.
 The Fix is the first EP released by singer Jordan Knight on October 11 2005. The single Where is Your Heart Tonight reached #12 in the US Billboard Adult Contemporary Chart.
 John Wizards is the first album by South African band John Wizards (musical group) released in September 2013 on Planet Mu Records.
 If No One Sang is the fourth studio album by English rock band Dave Dee Dozy Beaky Mick & Tich. Allmusic called it arguably the combo's most musically satisfying and eclectic outing. In the US it was titled Time To Take Off.
 Shelflife Vol 2 is the second retrospective album & the fifth solo studio album by Calibre. Released on May 18 2009 (although it was scheduled to be released on 11 May 2009) by his own imprint Signature Records. The Vinyl collection brings together eight of the most sought Calibre classics showcasing whyhis sound remains his own after ten years of producing and releasing drum and bass.Another retrospective album including long lasting dubplates such as 'life' and 'why time'.
 Adios the eleventh studio album released by KMFDM was originally conceived as the group's parting shot to its longtime record label Wax Trax! Records but it ended up also signaling the break-up of KMFDM itself at least for a time. Recorded in Seattle Washington this was the last album to feature En Esch and Günter Schulz who both went on to form Slick Idiot.
 Violent Things is the first studio album by rock band The Brobecks. It was released on May 18 2009.
 Lapalco is the second album by American singer-songwriter Brendan Benson released in 2002. The name Lapalco is in reference to Lapalco Boulevard a major highway which runs through Harvey Louisiana where Benson spent part of his youth. Though spelled Lapalco the street name is actually an acronym or initialism of LouisianA Power And Light COmpany the former name of the power company that owned the right of way to the property that the highway was built on.
 Gentlemen is the fourth studio album by an American alternative rock band The Afghan Whigs. It was released in 1993 on Elektra Records in America and Blast First in England and was produced by Greg Dulli.
 Pepper LIVE DVD is a DVD by Pepper that was filmed over the course of two sold-out 2004 performances at the L.A.'s Troubador night club.The DVD was released on March 8 2005 through Volcom Entertainment.
 Kitty Can was the compilation album released by the Bee Gees released only in South America on RSO Records.This was the first LP appearance of Bee Gees' Jumbo Maurice Gibb's I've Come Back Barry Gibb's This Time and the Bee Gees' Country Woman. The version of Wouldn't I Be Someone on this album was an early-fade single.
 Heaven Knows (1992) is a compilation of Blancmange singles album and non album tracks.
 File Under Ramones is an album by the Huntingtons released in 1999 on Tooth & Nail Records.
 Cuts Like a Knife is the third studio album by the Canadian rock artist Bryan Adams. Released on 18 January 1983 through A&M Records the album became a huge commercial success in Canada and the United States whereas outside North America the album did poorly. After the release of Reckless the album would chart on the British album chart and would later be certified Silver by the BPI.
 Good Blood Headbanguers is the second studio album by the Brazilian satirical heavy metal band Massacration. It was released on October 10 2009. It was supposed to be released in 2007 two years after their debut studio album Gates of Metal Fried Chicken of Death (released in 2005).Good Blood Headbangers was produced by the famous Heavy Metal producer Roy Z who also produced another bands such as Bruce Dickinson Judas Priest Helloween Guns N' Roses and Sebastian Bach.
 Live is a live album by German heavy metal band Running Wild which was recorded on their 2002 tour.Disc 1 March Of The Final Battle - 02:16	 Welcome To Hell - 04:38 Bad To The Bone - 05:33 Lead Or Gold - 06:04 Riding The Storm - 05:15 When Time Runs Out - 06:07 The Brotherhood - 07:21 Soulless - 05:43 Blazon Stone - 05:21Disc 2 Crossfire - 04:58 Metalmachine Solo - 03:02 Kiss Of Death - 04:15 Uaschitschun - 05:32 Unation - 06:20 Victory - 06:25 Prisoners Of Our Time - 05:10 Purgatory - 06:23 Soulstrippers - 05:19 Under Jolly Roger - 04:41
 Something to Sing About is a compilation album including songs by American singer-songwriter John Denver. It was produced by Milt Okun and released in 1968.
 The First Conspiracy is an album by the Swedish band The (International) Noise Conspiracy. It is a compilation of four 7 records that was released in Europe prior to the album. It was first released on International Workers' Day of 1999 on the record label G7 Welcoming Committee. It was rereleased with new cover art in 2002 on Burning Heart Records.
 Nailed is a live album by Cecil Taylor Evan Parker Barry Guy and Tony Oxley recorded on September 26 1990 at the Bechstein Concert Hall in Berlin and released on the FMP label.The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states This is a group who insists on being individuals in a collective setting and therefore the listening level is so high — so as not to miss any gauntlet laid down — the attention to execution and imagination can't help but be top-notch.
 Bathhouse Betty is the ninth studio album by the American singer Bette Midler released in 1998. Bathhouse Betty was Midler's debut album for Warner Bros.
 I Need 5 Minutes Alone is an album by Pieces another band name for one of the many collaborations between guitarist Buckethead and drummer Bryan Brain Mantia released February 17 1997 on John Zorn's Avant Records label. This album is out of print and was available as a Japan import only. Most copies have the Mausoleum cover on the front which in fact is the picture on the inside of the insert. Technically the stamp picture should be the front.
 No Boundaries: A Benefit For The Kosovar Refugees is a benefit album released on June 15 1999 by Epic Records featuring a handful of various artists to help raise money for Kosovars sent by aeroplane to Australia during the Kosovo War. It was released in Australia on June 21 1999 and that also has music from Australian band Jebediah and New Zealand singer Bic Runga. Three organizations received $1 million from Epic as well as future revenues from the album.
 Montreux '77 is a 1977 live album by Count Basie and his orchestra recorded at the 1977 Montreux Jazz Festival.
 Mel Tormé Rob McConnell and the Boss Brass is a 1986 studio album by Mel Tormé accompanied by Rob McConnell's Boss Brass Big band. Tormé and McConnell's follow up album Velvet & Brass was released in 1995.
 Dark Light is the fifth studio album by East 17. It was released on 2 April 2012. Their first album to be released as a trio without Brian Harvey it features the band's transition towards rock music and away from their more dance/pop orientated past.Originally the album was going to be titled Recharged and released in late 2011 when Blair Dreelan was the group's lead singer. A new single featuring Dreelan called 'Falling Stars was also cancelled.
 {<tr></tr><tr> <td colspan=3 style=text-align: center></td></tr>Tak to chodí (So It Goes) is a compilation album by Czech recording artists Michal Horáček and Jarda Svoboda released on B&M Music in 2003.After a series of albums projects recorded exclusively in collaboration with Petr Hapka Horáček decided to release a compilation with Svoboda.|Tak to chodí (So It Goes) is a compilation album by Czech recording artists Michal Horáček and Jarda Svoboda released on B&M Music in 2003.After a series of albums projects recorded exclusively in collaboration with Petr Hapka Horáček decided to release a compilation with Svoboda. Their collaboration began after Hapka turned down a number of Horáček's lyrics which the composer resolutely had kept refusing to set to his own music.}
 Disneyremixmania is the first remix album in the Disneymania series. It features fourteen songs from the past three volumes remixed to create dance versions of Disney classics. Additionally there is a fifteenth song the Disneyremixmania Mega Mix contains three Disneymania 3 songs mashed into a medley by DJ Skribble. The album peaked at #146 on the Billboard 200 making it the lowest charting album in the series until Princess Disneymania which peaked at #191 on the Billboard 200.
 World Tour & Other Destinations is the third full-length album by American alternative rock band Tsunami. A compilation album it is a collection of hard-to-find singles b-sides and compilation tracks from 1991-1997.
 Super Active Wizzo is the only album by the short-lived Wizzo Band formed by Roy Wood in 1977 to fulfill his more jazz-oriented ambitions. The band also released the two singles The Stroll preceding the album and Dancin’ At The Rainbow’s End.
 Whispered and Shouted is the second studio album released by Contemporary Christian musician Aaron Shust. It was released on June 5 2007 and debuted at #151 on the Billboard 200.
 Girl Out of the Ordinary is the first studio album by Beverley Mahood which was released in 1998. The title track was released to country radio in 1997 and was later followed by the smash singles A Little Thing Called Love (1997) Let's Kiss and Make Up Radio 101 (1998) I Love How You Listen to Me and The Way a Woman Feels (1999).
 The Incredible Machine is the fourth studio album by American country music duo Sugarland. It was released on October 19 2010 via Mercury Nashville Records. Byron Gallimore along with both members Jennifer Nettles and Kristian Bush teamed up for production of the album.Upon its release The Incredible Machine received mixed reviews from music critics.
 Love Over and Over is a 1982 album by Kate and Anna McGarrigle.Following this album the McGarrigles did not release an album of new material until Heartbeats Accelerating in 1990.
 Live 1983–1989 is a collection of live performances by British pop duo Eurythmics recorded throughout the 1980s. The collection is spread across two discs encompassing the years of their greatest commercial success.
 The I Heart Revolution: With Hearts as One is the ninth album by Hillsong United and the first of the three-part I Heart Revolution project. With Hearts as One was recorded around the world across the span of two years and contains thirty songs. The album was released in Australia on 8 March 2008 and internationally on various later dates. The album was initially released in both physical and digital formats along with a USB release.
 The Musical Dimensions of Sleastak is the third full-length album by the band OLD. It continues their melding of harsher industrial and experimental sounds. This is the last album of this loud atonal style which the band gives up on their next album 1995's Formula. The album title is a reference to the Sleestak the lizard-like antagonists in the 1974 TV series Land of the Lost. The single Freak Now was included on the soundtrack to the 1994 film Brainscan.
 Pride was the second studio album by the American/Danish hard rock band White Lion released on June 21 1987 by Atlantic Records. The album featured the two top ten hits Wait and When the Children Cry. It peaked at number 11 on The Billboard 200 and remained in the Billboard Top 200 for a full year selling two million copies in the US alone.
 Water for Mars is the sixth studio album by hip hop group CYNE.
 Inspiral Carpets is the working title for the fifth studio album by the British indie rock band of the same name due out in September 2014. The album is their first in 20 years.It was announced in January 2014 on the official Inspiral Carpets web site. It will include their last two singles You're So Good For Me and Fix Your Smile plus 10 new tracks.
 Boy From Black Mountain is the third studio album by Beat Circus. It marks the second release in songwriter Brian Carpenter's Weird American Gothic trilogy. Several songs on the album were inspired by Carpenter's response to his son's autism and Southern Gospel music. Larkin Grimm provides guest vocals throughout the album. Album artwork was created by Portland artist Carson Ellis. The album won the 9th Annual Independent Music Award for Best Alt/Country album.
 Vivencias (English Experiences) is the 12th studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel. It was released on 1996. This material was produced by herself.
 Midwestern Minutes is Defiance Ohio's fourth full length album. It is available for free on the band's website. The album has received considerable airplay in Australia courtesy of Triple R's Bullying The Jukebox program for which it topped their 'Best Of 2010' list.
 Sweetheart's Dance is a 1994 album from American country music singer Pam Tillis. It is her highest ranking album on the Billboard charts at number 6.This album produced five singles: When You Walk in the Room (a cover of a Jackie DeShannon song) Spilled Perfume Mi Vida Loca (My Crazy Life) I Was Blown Away and In Between Dances. Respectively these reached #2 #5 #1 #16 and #3 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.
 Saw III: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the film Saw III. It was released on October 24 2006 by Artists Addiction. The track Monochrome by Helmet was the lead-off single for the album.[citation needed]
 W.O.A.R./W.O.A. is a split 12 record released on Portland Oregon label Holy Mountain. The a-side of the album features twelve short songs by Scottish art punk outfit The Country Teasers.
 The Rankin Family is the debut album by Canadian folk music group The Rankin Family. The album was originally self-released by the siblings in 1989. It was re-issued by Capitol Records in 1992 and certified Platinum by the CRIA.
 Words and Music by Saint Etienne is the eighth studio album by English alternative dance band Saint Etienne released on 18 May 2012 by Heavenly Recordings. The band announced the album in a Christmas message on their official website on 11 December 2011. The album features collaborations from longtime Saint Etienne associate Ian Catt as well as Richard X and former Xenomania members Tim Powell and Nick Coler.
 Face Off is the fourth studio album by rapper Pastor Troy released on May 22 2001. It features several songs that were previously released on his independent albums. It was the first of three albums with Universal Records.
 Fantasea is a mixtape by American hip hop recording artist Azealia Banks released as a free download on July 11 2012. She worked with a variety of producers including Machinedrum Nick Hook Hudson Mohawke Eprom Drums of Death Munchi Ikonika Diplo and DJ Master D.
 Honour Amongst Chaos is the third studio album by the Northern Irish Celtic metal band Waylander. It was released in 2008 through Listenable Records and was the band's first album for seven years. Some versions of the album feature a re-recording of the song Born to the Fight with new lyrics as a bonus track.
 Puzzle is the second album by the Icelandic band amiina. It was released on September 27 2010. This album has references to the bands EP Re Minore as the tracks Ásinn Púsl and Sicsak are re-worked versions of the songs Ásinn Þristurinn and Tvisturinn from that release.
 Flower Power is the fourth studio album by the progressive rock band The Flower Kings which was released in 1999. It is also their second double-CD and includes the nearly one hour long epic composition Garden Of Dreams.A Japanese edition was released that contained some bonus tracks at the end of each disc.
 Late for Nothing is the third studio album by the American metalcore band Iwrestledabearonce released through Century Media on August 6 2013. It is the band's first release with vocalist Courtney LaPlante.
 Sadistic Sex Daemon is the 7th studio album by the band Misanthrope. The bonus disc is entirely sung in French except for the last track. There was also an LP picture disc released in July 2005 by Painkiller Records which was limited to 500 copies.
 Bach's Greatest Hits (released as Jazz Sébastien Bach in France) is the debut album released by the Paris-based Swingle Singers. The album was a 1963 Grammy award winner for Best Performance by a Chorus and the group also won the 1963 Grammy award for Best New ArtistAll tracks from this album are also included on the CD re-issue / compilation Jazz Sebastian Bach (together with all tracks from 1968's Jazz Sébastien Bach Vol. 2) and on the 11 disk Philips boxed set Swingle Singers.
 Hikari to Kage (光と影 Light and Shadow) is Japanese singer songwriter Fayray's sixth studio album and first in 2 years. The album was released January 25 2006.
 Francotiradoes (Eng. Snipers) Debut album by Master Joe & O.G. Black. Released 2000 by Pina Records
 Destiny's Child World Tour is a DVD by R&B group Destiny's Child. The video was filmed during their show at Rotterdam the Netherlands.
 Brainwashed is the twelfth and final studio album by George Harrison released in 2002 almost a year after his death at age 58. As a posthumous release Brainwashed garnered much attention upon its unveiling.
 Viva La Bands Volume 2 is a CD compiled by skater/Jackass Bam Margera featuring songs from some of his favorite artists. It was released on September 4 2007. The majority of songs on the album could originally only be found on this disc with a selection of the songs not released on a studio album to the date.
 Sixth in Sixes is the second album from American hardcore group XBXRX released in September 2005 on Polyvinyl Records. The follow-up to 2001's Gop Ist Minee the record quickly earned underground acclaim and gained such notable fans as Peaches and Sonic Youth.
 Heiß was released by Nina Hagen in 2005.
 Waves is an album compiling tracks recorded for BBC radio sessions by British band Ride released in 2003.
 Gong Global Family – Live in Brazil 2007 is a live album and DVD by Gong in their Global Family format recorded on 20 November 2007 at the SESI theatre in São Paulo but not released until 2009 by Voiceprint catalogue number VP520CD. No producer was credited but mixing and mastering were carried out by guitarist Fabio Golfetti and video editing and DVD were by Flavio Tsutsumi.Pictures and videos can be seen here:
 Notes from Thee Underground is a 1994 album by Pigface. The following album Feels Like Heaven is a remix EP of this one.
 Ecce Homo is a live album from Grant Hart formerly of the band Hüsker Dü. Recorded 13 October 1994 it featured Hart performing songs from Hüsker Dü his solo career and Nova Mob on an acoustic guitar.
 Ahora le Toca al Cangri! Live is a live album of the greatest hits by Daddy Yankee released on March 15 2005 on VI Music. Its songs are based on tracks released before his worldwide hit Barrio Fino (2004).
 Playlist: The Very Best of Ricky Martin is a greatest hits album released by Legacy Recordings featuring a collection of Ricky Martin's English-language songs.
 The Blue is the seventh studio album by the Italian progressive doom/gothic metal band Novembre.
 Twist with Steve Alaimo is a studio album recorded by Steve Alaimo and released in 1961. The name of the album and several of the songs capitalize on the dance craze of the Twist although others are covers of songs previously made popular by other artists.
 Art Pepper meets The Rhythm Section is a 1957 jazz album by saxophonist Art Pepper playing with Red Garland Paul Chambers and Philly Joe Jones who at the time were the rhythm section for Miles Davis's quintet.According to legend the album was recorded under enormous pressure: Pepper first learnt of it on the morning of the recording session had never met the other musicians (though he admired them all) hadn't played for two weeks (according to the liner notes) or six months (according to Pepper's autobiography Straight Life) was playing on an instrument in a bad state of repair and was suffering from a drug problem. 
 Why Not Me is the first full-length LP album by American country duo The Judds released by RCA Records in 1984.Why Not Me includes the duo's first Billboard number one single on the Country music charts Mama He's Crazy. That single was first released on their 1983 EP release The Judds: Wynonna & Naomi.
 Bipolar and Proud is a 2004 album released by country music parodist Cledus T. Judd. The album was originally slated to be named Cledus Gone Wild but was changed at the last minute.
 Extensions is an album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner released on the Blue Note label. It was recorded in February 1970 and released in 1972. It features performances by Tyner with Gary Bartz Wayne Shorter Ron Carter Elvin Jones and Alice Coltrane on two tracks. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states The all-star sextet stretches out on lengthy renditions of four of Tyner's modal originals and there is strong solo space for the leader and the two saxophonists... Stimulating music.
 California is the third album by Gianna Nannini and was released in 1979.
 Alle gegen alle is the third album by the German Punk rock band Slime released in 1983.
 Burn This Record is a 1989 album by The Lead.
 Shot of Love is the second album by Lakeside. Released in 1978 on the SOLAR Records label it was produced by Dick Griffey Lakeside and Leon Sylvers III.
 For other instances of the same name see Lord of the Flies (disambiguation) Lord of the Flies is the fourth full-length studio album by English Gothic rock band Nosferatu.It was released in April 1998 by Cleopatra Records in the U.S.A and Canada and by Hades Records in the U.K. Germany Austria and Switzerland. It is the band's 5th best selling album with world-wide sales realising in excess of 5000 copies.
 Electricity: OMD with the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra is a concert film by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (OMD) with the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra. The concert was recorded on 20 June 2009 at the Philharmonic Hall in Liverpool. The DVD was released on 14 December 2009.The concert featured the orchestral premiere of The Energy Suite followed by a selection of OMD songs with orchestral backing fronted by Andy McCluskey and Paul Humphreys.
 Street's Disciple is the seventh studio album by American rapper Nas released November 30 2004 on Columbia Records in the United States. It is a double album entitled after one of his rhymes from Live at the Barbeque by Main Source which was the song marking his musical debut. The album's cover art is a digitally created image using photos of Nas to create an adaptation of The Last Supper.The album debuted at number 5 on the U.S.
 Donny Brook is an album by organist Don Patterson with saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label. The album features guitarist Grant Green who was credited as Blue Grant for contractual reasons being then signed to Blue Note Records.
 Rakin' and Scrapin' is the second album led by pianist Harold Mabern which was recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label.
 His Very Best is a 1980 compilation album by Willie Nelson.
 More You Becomes You is the debut studio album by American artist Plush originally released on September 8 1998 on the Drag City label in the United States and on the Domino label in Europe.More You Becomes You featured mournful pianos sweeping arrangements plaintive emotional confessionals and delicate vocal harmonies. The electric arrangements of his debut single Found a Little Baby were abandoned in favor of simple piano arrangements.
 Animal Logic is the debut album by Animal Logic.
 Temporary People is the seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Joseph Arthur released on September 30 2008 on Lonely Astronaut Records.
 Livingston Taylor is singer-songwriter Livingston Taylor's first album released in 1970. Its eleven tracks include ten of Taylor's own compositions and one cover version of the Earl Greene and Carl Montgomery country standard Six Days on the Road.The album contains the song Carolina Day an original personal song that helped set the tone for Taylor's intimate laid-back musical style.Livingston Taylor peaked at number 82 on the Billboard charts.
 Pleasant Dreams is a 1997 album by Beatnik Termites covering the sixth album by The Ramones in its entirety with the exception of the song It's Not My Place (In the 9 to 5 World). Other Ramones cover albums include Ramones (by Screeching Weasel) Rocket To Russia (by The Queers) Leave Home (by The Vindictives) Road To Ruin (by The Mr. T Experience) and End Of The Century (by Boris The Sprinkler).
 Transa is a 1972 album by Brazilian musician Caetano Veloso. Like its predecessor it was recorded while the artist was exiled in London though he returned to Brazil shortly after completing it.
 Aftermath is the fifth studio album released by power metal band Axenstar. It was recorded in Studio Underground. This album has been released on January 28 2011.
 Warfare Machines is the last Deinonychus album made after the band disbanded in September 2008. It was released by My Kingdom Music.
 The Seventh Day (第七天 dì qī tiān) is the third Mandarin-language album by Beijing rock band Thin Man. It was released in December 2008 on Fanren Records (凡人唱片).
 Nobody's Angel is the debut and only studio album by pop girl group Nobody's Angel. It was released in 2000 on the Hollywood Records label. The album included the singles If You Wanna Dance and I Just Can't Help Myself'.
 Really Groovin' is an album by saxophonist Willis Jackson which was recorded in 1961 and released on the Prestige label.
 Hope and Desire is the sixth studio album by Susan Tedeschi. It was released on October 11 2005 on the Verve Forecast label. The album is a slight step away from Tedeschi's electrifing compositions and wild guitar work as she concentrates on singing. All songs on Hope and Desire are covers of famous soul standards.
 Abacab released in 1981 is the eleventh studio album by British band Genesis. It reached the top of the UK album charts remaining in the charts for 27 weeks. In the US the album sold over two million copies and thus was certified double platinum by the RIAA.[citation needed]
 Back on Track is the thirteenth studio album by Humble Pie recorded after Jerry Shirley re-formed Humble Pie in 2001 with a line-up including their original bassist Greg Ridley guitarist and vocalist Bobby Tench and the new addition of rhythm guitarist Dave Bucket Colwell who wrote or co-wrote seven of the ten tracks on this album. Back on Track was released by Sanctuary in UK and Europe on February 19 2002.
 Chumps on Parade is the second studio album by American ska punk band MU330 released on Dill Records in 1996 and subsequently re-issued by Asian Man Records in 1997.
 Egotrip is the self-titled debut (and only) album by Brazilian pop/rock band Egotrip.
 The Very Best of Marvin Gaye is the title of two compilations (American and European) by Motown artist Marvin Gaye.
 Jurassic Park is the twelfth project on which renowned composer John Williams worked with Steven Spielberg. He composed conducted and produced the score for the film. Most of the cues were orchestrated by John Neufeld with two of those being partially orchestrated by Conrad Pope and with three others entirely orchestrated by Alexander Courage.MCA Records released a soundtrack album for the film on May 20 1993.
 Armastuse ämblik (Love spider) is a compilation album by Estonian rock musician Urmas Alender coupled with Kohtumine Albertiga. It was previously released with Kohtumine Albertiga on the box set Kohtumine Albertiga.The album is by tracks 7-18 a re-release of Hingelind plus there are various other songs added.
 Such Great Heights is an EP by the Florida singer-songwriter Iron & Wine. It was released in 2006 on the Sub Pop record label.The title track is a cover of a popular song by The Postal Service. Iron & Wine's version originally appeared on The Postal Service's Such Great Heights single released in 2003 and was used in the 2004 film Garden State and its soundtrack.
 Primitive Enema is the debut album by L.A. punk band Butt Trumpet. It was produced by notable punk rocker Geza X and was released in 1994 by Chrysalis.
 Nerdcore Hiphop is a demo album by MC Frontalot which first gave a name to the nerdcore hip hop genre as well as the name of a song on that album. Because it was only released via the internet the track listing is unordered and includes tracks released from 1999 until his first commercial album Nerdcore Rising in 2005. The songs are therefore listed here in the order of which they were released.
 Apocalypse Now is Pere Ubu's third live album and first to document a single performance. The show in question recorded on December 7 1991 at Schubas Tavern in Chicago was performed semi-acoustically with synth-man Eric Drew Feldman instead handling an upright piano and Jim Jones playing an amplified (and occasionally heavily distorted) acoustic guitar.
 Reach Out is an album recorded by the Four Tops issued on Motown Records in July 1967. It was the final Four Tops LP to be produced by Motown's main songwriting and production team Holland–Dozier–Holland who departed the label in late 1967 over money disputes.
 Here We Go... is the debut studio album by American R&B singer-songwriter Chantay Savage released May 1993 on RCA Records. Here We Go... peaked at number 89 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 Not the New Album EP is the second EP released by American punk rock band Zebrahead.
 Merry Christmas For You is a Yuki Uchida's Christmas-themed mini-album released in Japan on 1995/11/22 on King Records label (reference: KICS-530). It charted n°19 on Oricon charts. It contains six songs (and a message) including two cover of American songs : Mama ga Santa ni Kiss wo Shita a cover of Jimmy Boyd's I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus and Akahana no Tonakai a cover of Harry Brannon's Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer.
 Legboot is a live album by the English rock band b.l.o.w.. Tracks come from the live performances during the Summer Shrooming tour of 1995.Legboot was released on cassette only via the fan club. The cover is a hand drawn picture by band member Bruce John Dickinson.
 Collection is an album by Jason Becker released by Shrapnel Records on November 4 2008. The album includes three new songs in addition to some older recordings. It includes many musicians and features guitarists such as Marty Friedman Greg Howe Joe Satriani Michael Lee Firkins Steve Vai and Steve Hunter.
 Even if It Kills Me is the third studio album by American rock band Motion City Soundtrack. Produced by Ric Ocasek Adam Schlesinger and Eli Janney the album was released on September 18 2007 in the United States by Epitaph Records. Motion City Soundtrack based in Minneapolis Minnesota made a breakthrough with their second album Commit This to Memory garnering praise and independent buzz upon its 2005 release.
 Loveless is the second studio album by alternative rock band My Bloody Valentine. Released on 4 November 1991 Loveless was recorded over a two-year period between 1989 and 1991 in nineteen recording studios. Lead vocalist and guitarist Kevin Shields dominated the recording process; he sought to achieve a particular sound for the record making use of various techniques such as guitars strummed with a tremolo bar sampled drum loops and obscured vocals.
 Black Heat is the debut album by funk group Black Heat produced by Joel Dorn and released in 1972.
 Conspicuous Only in Its Absence is an album by the American psychedelic rock band The Great Society and was released in 1968 by Columbia Records. The album consists of recordings made during a live concert performance by the band at The Matrix club in San Francisco in 1966. Additional recordings from the same concert were released later in 1968 on the album How It Was.
 Saved By Magic is the 2005 debut double LP release from stoner rock band Brant Bjork & the Bros. Released on Brant Bjork's personal label Duna Records.
 Angel Eyes is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons compiling sessions recorded in 1960 and 1962 and released on the Prestige label in 1965.
 Best 1991–2004 is a 2004 compilation album by Seal released by Warner Bros. Records.
 Live In Japan is a live album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen recorded in 1970 during their concert in Japan.Just before the group was scheduled for their tour in Japan John Duffey decided to leave citing his fear of flying. He was replaced by Jimmy Gaudreau but on this album the mandolin is played by Doyle Lawson who would replace Gaudreau two years later.
 Tropico is American rock singer Pat Benatar's fifth studio album and sixth album overall released in late 1984. It peaked at #14 on the U.S. Billboard album chart and produced the Grammy-nominated Top Five Pop hit We Belong. Other well-known songs from the album include Painted Desert Outlaw Blues and Ooh Ooh Song (also a Top 40 hit). A Spanish version Ooh Ooh Song appeared on her 1999 compilation Synchronistic Wanderings.
 Epitaph is the second studio album by German death metal band Necrophagist released by Relapse Records on August 3 2004. Unlike on Onset of Putrefaction guitarist and vocalist Muhammed Suiçmez recorded the album alongside a full band instead of just himself. Guitarist Christian Muenzner who later departed the band and joined Obscura wrote both half the leads as well as several basslines on the album
 Afrodisiac is a funk/soul album by The Main Ingredient. Released in 1973 by RCA Victor the album features several songs written or co-written by Stevie Wonder.
 Numb EP is an EP released by the progressive DJ Wes Straub.The EP was released on System Recordings on September 8 2009.
 Turneja 2005: Sarajevo Zagreb Beograd (trans. 2005 Tour: Sarajevo Zagreb Belgrade) is the fourth live album by Yugoslav rock band Bijelo Dugme released in 2006. The album was recorded on Bijelo Dugme 2005 reunion tour and is the band's first release (excluding compilation albums) since the 1988 studio album Ćiribiribela.
 Cru is a 2004 album by Seu Jorge first released in France on September 21 2004 by parisian independent label Fla-Flu (Favela Chic) with the record company Naïve. This was his second album to be released outside his native Brazil the first being Carolina. Many of the songs on the album are covers such as Chatterton written by Serge Gainsbourg and Don't by Leiber & Stoller.
 Songs & More Songs by Tom Lehrer is a reissue of musical satirist Tom Lehrer's two studio albums (Songs by Tom Lehrer and More of Tom Lehrer) combined with other studio sessions and a newly recorded version of I Got It From Agnes. Agnes was a song from Lehrer's early live repertoire which he polished up for the Cameron Mackintosh-produced musical revue Tom Foolery in 1981 but which Lehrer himself never professionally recorded until 1996. The booklet notes include an essay by Dr.
 Unleashed 2005 is a New Zealand compilation rock album released in 2005.
 The Halcyon Days EP is the second official release by the English punk–rock band Sounds of Swami. After the success of their Vent EP the band began work on their first album. After a positive EP review in an issue of TNS Zine the Manchester zine started a record label TNSrecords and offered the band a one-off split record deal with two of their roster bands. The band reluctantly declined in favour of saving new songs for the planned album.
 Retrospect features a behind-the-scenes look at Sevendust featuring interviews video clips and live performances. All of the band's music video clips are included along with exclusive TV performances from Late Night with Conan O'Brien Woodstock '99 Farmclub and more; also never-before-seen interviews of the band discussing their past recording processes as well as their new anticipated fall release Animosity.
 The Cost of Living is the 1st full length release from Vermont's The Static Age. It initially had a tour pre-release consisting of 50 copies before its original release in 2002 through Primary Records. The album was later re-released through Primary/Red Dawn Records in 2003.
 Life Time is the debut album by American drummer Tony Williams recorded in 1964 and released on the Blue Note label.
 1996 is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard released in 1996. It was his last studio album on the Curb Records label and was considered something of a return to form for Haggard despite poor sales.
 Trying to Be Me is the only album by American country music singer Laura Bryna. It was released on January 22 2008 via Equity Music Group. Make a Wish Life Is Good and Hometown Heroes were all released as singles.
 75 Minutes is an album released by artist Acen Razvi.
 Kiss Alive! 1975–2000 is a collection of live recordings from American hard rock band Kiss. It was released by Universal Music on November 21 2006. The Millennium Concert (recorded on December 31 1999 at BC Place Stadium in Vancouver Canada) was originally to be released as Alive IV in 2000 but because Kiss' parent label Mercury was swallowed by the Universal/Vivendi merger Alive IV was shelved.
 They Liked You Better When You Were Dead is the debut EP from British rock band Fightstar released on 28 February 2005 through Sandwich Leg Records. The release proved a critical success in spite of the cynics' initial expectations of the band. It has been said that the EP helped present Fightstar as a British rival to the East Coast alternative rock scene.
 Disarm the Descent is the sixth studio album by American metalcore band Killswitch Engage. The album was released on April 2 2013 under Roadrunner Records. It is the band's first album with Jesse Leach on vocals since 2002's Alive or Just Breathing. Killswitch Engage announced the return of Leach in January 2012 after vocalist Howard Jones parted ways with the group.
 Knock on the Sky is the second studio album of country music trio SHeDAISY. It was released on June 25 2002. The two singles from this album Get Over Yourself and Mine All Mine were minor Top 30 hits on the country charts.
 Greatest is a 1990 compilation album by the rock group The Go-Go's from California United States.
 Essence & Rare 82–92 is a compilation album by Everything but the Girl released only in Japan on December 1 1992.
 Jeszcze Więcej Seksistowskich Piosenek (Even More Sexist Songs) is the second album released by Polish punk rock band Anti Dread.
 Emotional Decompression Chamber released with Dreamcell_11/Aural Music is the second full length album of the Italian industrial metal band Digitalis Purpurea. It was released on November 12 2010 with a worldwide distribution.
 Ulual Yyy is the third full-length album by Finnish folk musician Islaja released on Fonal in 2007. The word 'ulual' in the album title is the Finnish word 'laulu' (a song) written backwards. 'Yyy' comes from the expression 'yön laulu' ('the song of night') which is varied in the song 'Laulu jo menneestä'.
 Tiny Pictures is the second album from Canadian rock band Thornley. The album was released in Canada on February 10 2009 and in the U.S. on February 3 2010. The first single Make Believe was released to radio on December 12 2008.
 All About The Funk (stylized as Allabouthefunk) is a funk album released by The Brand New Heavies. After their most identifiable lead singer N'Dea Davenport left the band to pursue a solo career in the mid-90s the band rotated in several African-American singer/songwriters Siedah Garrett Carleen Anderson and Sy Smith as lead vocalists on previous projects. This independent follow-up release features British singer Nicole Russo on vocals for the entire project.
 Adventures in Your Own Backyard is the fourth studio album by Canadian group Patrick Watson released in April 2012. It is the band's follow-up to the Polaris Music Prize-nominated 2009 release Wooden Arms but by comparison is a musically simpler and more emotional album.
 Rick Is 21 is the sixth album by rock and roll and teen pop idol Rick Nelson released in 1961. This album was the first to credit his first name as Rick; previous albums were credited to Ricky Nelson.The album peaked #8 on the Billboard 200 chart. Successful singles from the album include Travelin' Man and Hello Mary Lou.
 Been All Around this World is an album of acoustic collaboration between Jerry Garcia and David Grisman released in 2004.
 Soy como soy (English I am just the way I am) is the 15th studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel. It was released on 1999. This material shows her firmly planted in the pop music guided by the masterful hand of producer Emilio Estefan Jr. Gabriel composed some of the songs with collaborations by Estefan himself as well as renowned pop composer Kike Santander. It was recorded at Crescent Moon Studios Miami Florida.
 Dark Wood is a solo album by cellist David Darling recorded in 1993 and released on the ECM label. The album is Darling's third solo release following Journal October (1979) and Cello (1992)
 The Sea and the Sky is a 2004 collaborative album by North Carolina-based singer-songwriter Jonathan Byrd and Georgia-based world music duo Dromedary (Andrew Reissiger & Rob McMaken).
 The End Is Begun released on July 24 2007 is 3's fourth full length studio album and the second to be released by Metal Blade Records. (The band's previous album Wake Pig was initially released on Planet Noise Records but was later re-released on Metal Blade.) On February 19 2008 a special edition was released with one extra track and a bonus DVD.On May 8 2007 the twelfth track from the album was released as part of the iTunes exclusive EP These Iron Bones.
 True Love Waits: Christopher O'Riley Plays Radiohead is the first tribute album by classical pianist Christopher O'Riley of songs by the experimental rock band Radiohead.The concept of reinterpreting Radiohead's works is not new.
 A Very Special Christmas Live is the fourth in a series of Christmas music-themed compilation albums produced to benefit Special Olympics. The album was recorded live in Washington D.C. in December 1998 at a benefit party held by then-President Bill Clinton and First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton to celebrate the thirtieth anniversary of the founding of Special Olympics. It was released on 19 October 1999 and production was overseen by Bobby Shriver for A&M Records.
 Mission Control is the second full-length album by Athens Georgia-based garage rock band The Whigs. It was released on January 22 2008 by ATO Records on CD and vinyl simultaneously.
 Thumbsucker is the soundtrack to the film of the same name which is based on the novel of the same name by Walter Kirn. It was released on September 13 2005 under the Hollywood Records label. It was originally intended to be created by Elliott Smith but after his death in 2003 The Polyphonic Spree was chosen to complete it when director Mike Mills attended a performance of theirs and was impressed. Three tracks by Smith remain on the release.
 Everyday Thugs is a Bone Thugs-n-Harmony album featuring eleven tracks most of them coming from the album Behind the Harmony. The album comes with a bonus DVD containing previously unreleased behind-the-scenes footage.
 Jolie Holland and the Quiet Orkestra Live is a live album recorded in November 2002 at the Birdhouse. The album includes tracks that subsequently appeared on Jolie Holland's Catalpa and Escondida albums. Alternatively the album may be referred to as Euphoria Jackson and the Quiet Orchestra.
 So Much Water So Close to Home is an album by Australian rock band Paul Kelly and the Messengers and was originally released in August 1989. The title comes from a short story of the same name by author Raymond Carver. Carver had died in August 1988 Kelly would go on to co-write the score for the 2006 Australian film Jindabyne which was also based on the same story. The entire album was recorded in the U.S. with producer Scott Litt best known for his work with R.E.M..
 Best of Gloria Estefan is the third solo compilation album released by American singer Gloria Estefan after Exitos and Gloria Estefan Greatest Hits but is the twentieth overall released in 1997. The compilation was released only in France and Switzerland.
 Greatest Country Hits contains Glen Campbell's last four Country Top 10 hits from the eighties (The Hand That Rocks the Cradle Still within the Sound of My Voice I Have You and Gone Gone Gone) plus some other single and album tracks taken from his 1990 Liberty album Walkin' in the Sun together with three of his biggest hits from 1975 – 1977. His earliers hits are compiled on another Curb release called Best of the Early Years.
 Odbrana i poslednji dani (Serbian Cyrillic: Одбрана и последњи дани; trans.
 Big Ones of Alternative Rock vol. 1 was a compilation released in 1996.
 Dragonslayer is the debut album by the Swedish heavy metal band Dream Evil.
 Fantasy: Mariah Carey at Madison Square Garden is Mariah Carey's fourth DVD/home video release. It presents Carey performing live at the Madison Square Garden on October 10 1995. The home video was originally released in early 1996 and the DVD was released in late 2004. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.
 Ćiribiribela is the ninth and final studio album released by Yugoslav rock band Bijelo Dugme released in 1988. Ćirbiribela would be the band's last release (excluding compilation albums) before the band's 2005 reunion and the live album Turneja 2005: Sarajevo Zagreb Beograd.
 Young Men Gone West was the third album by the band City Boy released in 1977 on Mercury Records in the USA Polydor in Canada and Vertigo Records in Europe.
 Uncontrolled Substance is the solo debut album by rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member Inspectah Deck released on October 5 1999 by Loud. Originally slated for release in 1995 the record was indefinitely postponed after a flood destroyed over 100 beats in RZA's basement including his original productions for the album. Eventually released four years later Uncontrolled Substance received mostly positive reviews and is Inspectah Deck's most critically acclaimed album to date.
 Unnatural Selection is the third full-length album recorded by the thrash metal band Havok. It was released on 25 June 2013 by Candlelight Records.
 Gutter Anthems is the 7th studio album for Enter the Haggis. It is the fourth album on their current label UFO Music (United for Opportunity) and was produced by the band and Tim Abraham.The album was recorded in Toronto at Metalworks & The Hive studios.Maybe the most accessible Enter The Haggis album to date it still maintains the genre bending songwriting their fans are used to by now.
 How Strange Innocence is the first album recorded by post-rock band Explosions in the Sky released on January 17 2000. It is their only album for the Sad Loud America label. Initially only 300 copies were issued in the form of CD-Rs.
 George Martin Instrumentally Salutes The Beatle Girls is a 1966 album by George Martin & His Orchestra. It is the third of a series of albums by Martin featuring instrumental arrangements of Beatle songs. The album was issued on CD by One Way Records.
 Razorback Killers is the tenth album by heavy metal band Vicious Rumors released in 2011.
 Sacrebleu is the debut album from Dimitri from Paris.
 0:12 Revolution in Just Listening is the third studio album to be released by Missouri band Coalesce.
 Everything Is Fire is the second full-length album by New Zealand death metal band Ulcerate. It was released in March 2009 to excellent reviews even appearing on Metalreview.com's 100 Most Essential Albums of the Decade.
 This is the fifth album of Houston legend Big Mello. This album is considered one of Big Mello's greatest achievements. It was his first posthumous album as well as his first album after a long hiatus. The song Miss My Niggas is dedicated to Mello's late friend Sheldon.
 Any Old Arms Won't Do is a 1992 album by country singer Willie Nelson.
 Beyond the Calm of the Corridor was the only album The Blank Theory released on New Line Records. It featured 13 tracks in total. Producer Adam Schlesinger of Fountains of Wayne and Ivy fame Co-Producer James Iha (Smashing Pumpkins fame) contributed his guitar works on Killing Me. The CD also features a cover of Portishead's Sour Times.The lead single Middle Of Nowhere reached #36 on the US Mainstream Rock Tracks Chart.
 Tierra is the second album released by L'Arc-en-Ciel on July 14 1994.
 The Block Brochure: Welcome to the Soil 5 is the nineteenth studio album by American rapper E-40. The album was released on December 10 2013 by Heavy on the Grind Entertainment. The album features guest appearances from 2 Chainz Young Bari Roach Gigz Iamsu! Kool John Gucci Mane Young Scooter Z-Ro Big K.R.I.T. Danny Brown Schoolboy Q B-Legit Mike Marshall Too Short Work Dirty Laroo T.H.H. Stressmatic and J. Banks.
 Anything Goes: Stephane Grappelli & Yo-Yo Ma Play (Mostly) Cole Porter is a 1989 album primarily consisting of Cole Porter songs performed by Stéphane Grappelli and Yo-Yo Ma.
 Get Wet is the debut studio album released by Mental As Anything. It was released in November 1979 produced by Cameron Allan and peaked at #19 on the Australian Album charts. The first single The Nips Are Getting Bigger written by Martin Plaza was released in July 1979 and peaked at #16 on the Australian Singles charts.
 Songs from the Closet is a compilation album of early demo recordings by King's X bassist / vocalist Doug Pinnick. It contains two previously unreleased songs and an audio commentary track by Pinnick.
 Come As You Are is the second solo album by Peter Wolf released in 1987 (see 1987 in music).
 Above the Light is the debut studio album by the Italian progressive death metal band Sadist released in 1993 by Nosferatu Records. The album was re-released in 2006 after their return by Beyond Productions with Dreaming Deformities and Musicians Against Yuppies as the bonus tracks. Also a music video was made for Sometimes They Come Back in the same year.
 Featuring Pigeon John 2 is part 2 of Featuring Pigeon John 1. The mixtape features appearances by Pigeon John from 2003 until 2007. It was released online through Pigeon John's website with proceeds going to charity. The first 1000 discs were personally numbered and signed by Pigeon John.
 Motherlode is an album by the American singer/songwriter Sara Hickman released in 2006. It is her first double album.
 Secret Handshakes is Chicago rock-band Tub Ring's 6th album and their second on The End Records. The CD was released on August 31 2010. The album breaks several patterns of previous Tub Ring albums. For the first time the title is unrelated to SETI and contains no Robot track. The predominant color of the album cover is red in contrast to many earlier albums and promo shots which prominently featured blue.
 Octopus is the third album from British band The Bees released on 26 March 2007. Continuing in the vein of the band's previous two albums Sunshine Hit Me and Free the Bees by recording their music in different locations Octopus was self-produced in the band's own basement studio The Steam Rooms on the Isle of Wight.
 Billboard Top Rock'n'Roll Hits: 1972 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1989 featuring ten hit recordings from 1972.All tracks on the album reached the top 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 with seven of the songs going to number one on the chart. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA on October 19 1999.
 He Put the Bomp! In the Bomp is a Greg Shaw tribute album released in November 2007 by Bomp Records in the USA and Vivid Sound Corporation in Japan. The album features 23 classic songs covered by different bands having in common the raw approach to rock and roll music Shaw most liked.
 Boy Meets Girl is a 2003 EP by Danish pop duo Junior Senior.
 Sonic Diary is a two-disc compilation release from Apoptygma Berzerk. The first disc contains a collection of covers the band has recorded over the course of their career while the second disc is a collection of remixes some of which were previously released and others which were new.Apoptygma Berzerk also released their Black EP in 2006; the ten-song Black EP contains several remixes of songs from You and Me Against the World.
 Hate It or Love It is the fourth studio album by the rapper Chingy released on December 18 2007. It is his second album with the Disturbing tha Peace label.It was released in the US in a regular edition as well as a rare limited edition with a bonus DVD containing interviews live footage and the making-of video for Fly Like Me. The album was released in Japan (limited - not on amazon.com or amazon.co.uk) with two bonus tracks Ain't No Way and Remember When.
 Para Ti is Juan Luis Guerra's Ninth album. Theres a change in his lyrics because they no longer involve his culture or nationality it involves more his religious faith with songs like Las Avispas and Mi padre me Ama. Even though this changed his style of music his merengue type music has never changed and still does music with the same group 440.
 Diamond Cut is the third album released by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler in 1979.The album is a move away from the country style that was on the first two albums and leans towards the pop genre with covers of Louisiana Rain and Bye Bye Now My Sweet Love among other notable singles.
 Haunts is the debut album by the Arizona-based indie rock project Bark Bark Bark. It was released through Retard Disco and Southern Records on May 22 2007.
 Bodysong is an album by Radiohead member Jonny Greenwood as well as a soundtrack to a film of the same name. On the album Greenwood fuses elements of jazz electronic classical and experimental music. The soundtrack was released on October 27 2003 in the UK and on February 24 2004 in the US.The piece Convergence was used in the 2007 film There Will Be Blood in addition to new material composed by Greenwood especially for the film.
 Hooligans is a double compilation album of The Who. Released by MCA Records in 1981 it focuses on Who songs from the 1970s with only the titles I Can't Explain I Can See for Miles and Pinball Wizard from the 1960s. The album reached #52 on the US charts.This album is most notable as the first US album release to include three hard to find Who singles.
 Elil is the second studio album by Fall of Efrafa.
 On Praying Ground is the title of a recording by American folk music artist Doc Watson released in 1990.At the Grammy Awards of 1991 On Praying Ground won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Album.
 On the Shore is the second (and last) album by British folk rock band Trees. It was recorded in October 1970 and released in January 1971 on CBS Records (64168). It was later released on CD by the BGO label. Sleeve design by Hipgnosis. The cover photographs were taken at The Hill Garden part of Inverforth House Hampstead Heath in North West London designed by landscape architect Thomas Mawson.
 Mystery (alternatively Riddle) is the translated title of a 1994 Mandarin album 迷 (pinyin: Mí) recorded by Chinese singer Faye Wong as 'Wong Ching Man' when she was based in Hong Kong.Although she had included a few Mandarin Chinese songs in her 1993 albums No Regrets and 100000 Whys Mystery was her first album recorded entirely in Mandarin rather than the Hong Kong majority dialect of Cantonese.
 Love Me in Black is the sixth solo album of the German female hard rock singer Doro Pesch. It was released in 1998 after the dissolution of her contract with Polygram/Vertigo. Her new label WEA decided to publish the album only in Europe.
 Taylor Ware is the self-titled debut album released by singer yodeler and former America's Got Talent contestant Taylor Ware. The album was released in 2004 before Ware's appearance on the television show. Ware released the album at the age of ten.
 Měls mě vůbec rád (English: Did You Like Me at All) is the debut album by the pop singer Ewa Farna released on the November 6 2006. It was very successful in the Czech Republic gaining platinum status within a year of release with over 25 thousand copies sold. The album's first single was Měls mě vůbec rád followed by the hit Zapadlej krám which both reached the Top 5 on the T-Music chart.Six songs on the album are covers with translated lyrics.
 Sounds from Nowheresville is the second studio album by English duo The Ting Tings released on 24 February 2012 by Columbia Records. It was by preceded the lead single Hang It Up which was released on 27 December 2011. Although their 2010 single Hands was originally reported not to appear on the album the duo confirmed on Twitter that it would appear on the deluxe edition of the album.
 The Lion King: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the original motion picture soundtrack for the 1994 Disney animated film The Lion King. It contains songs from the film written by Elton John and Tim Rice and a score composed by Hans Zimmer. Elton John has a dual role of performer for several tracks. Additional performers include Carmen Twillie Jason Weaver Rowan Atkinson Whoopi Goldberg Jeremy Irons Cheech Marin Jim Cummings Nathan Lane Ernie Sabella and Sally Dworsky.
 Smooth Like Stone on a Beach is the debut album by Canadian reggae band Walk Off the Earth released on December 31 2007 through SlapDash Records.
 Don't Look Back is the debut album by Slovak-based recording artist Celeste Buckingham released on April 3 2012 through a distribution by EMI Records.
 Morning Song is the sixth album by David Murray to be released on the Italian Black Saint label. It was released in 1983 and features performances by Murray John Hicks Reggie Workman and Ed Blackwell.
 Thank You Good Night Sold Out is a live album by The Dears released in 2004 on MapleMusic Recordings.
 Sex Offender is the second album by Polkadot Cadaver released via Rotten Records on May 10 2011. It charted at 17th place on the Billboard Heatseekers chart on May 28 2011 and stayed there for one week. The album is also notable as the only Polkadot Cadaver album with bassist David Cullen as a full member and the last album with original DFD drummer John Ensminger.
 Project Rocket/Fall Out Boy is a split EP by American rock bands Project Rocket and Fall Out Boy released by Uprising Records in 2002. It was the first official release for both bands. The split EP has sold over 20000 copies in the United States according to Billboard.\
 Voice is an album from Hiromi Uehara Trio Project featuring bassist Anthony Jackson and drummer Simon Phillips.
 Ten Years of Fuckin' Up (FAT590) is a VHS video of NOFX released November 8 1994 and re-released October 7 2003 on DVD. The video included 19 live tracks of performance. The DVD version feature NOFX's commentary plus the Vandals's commentary on NOFX's commentary as well as the instrumental version of the song Glass War playing over the title menu.A video for the track Mr Jones was included as an extra in the VHS release. It was a video similar to Shut Up Already.
 Feelin' Good is a 1965 studio album by Lena Horne arranged by Ray Ellis.
 Changed is the eighth studio album by country music group Rascal Flatts. It is their second studio album release after signing with Big Machine Records and was released on April 3 2012. The band released the album's debut single Banjo on January 16 2012. The album's second single Come Wake Me Up released to country radio in May 21 2012. The album's third single Changed released to country radio on December 17 2012 AC and Christian AC on January 22 2013.
 Chomp is the second studio album by American rock band from Athens Georgia Pylon released in 1983.
 The Flood is the sixth album released by Gospel Gangstaz. It was released on August 8 2006 for Alliant Records and featured production Mr. Solo Tik Tokk Chillie' Baby and Jeffrey Baggett. The Flood was the first studio album by the group to not make it on any Billboard Charts (All Mixed Up was a compilation).
 You Got Served is the soundtrack to the 2004 film You Got Served. It was released on December 23 2003 through Epic Records and mostly consisted of songs performed by B2K but various other artists also appeared on the soundtrack. The soundtrack was a decent success making it to 34 on the Billboard 200 7 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 2 on the Top Soundtracks. One single made it to the Billboard charts Badaboom performed by B2K and Fabolous made it to 59 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 The Eleventh is the first studio album by the Denver Colorado based industrial metal band Rorschach Test. It was released in 1996 according to the band's official webpage. The band describes the album as their sophmore album.
 Mezzanine is the third studio album by English trip hop group Massive Attack released on 20 April 1998 by Virgin Records.It was the first album to be produced by Neil Davidge along with the group. The entire album was provided on their website for legal download many months before the physical release was announced. It was one of the first major uses of the MP3 format by a commercial organisation.The album is the band's most commercially successful to date.
 Extended Versions is the second live album released by Stryper although it was recorded during the time that 7 Weeks: Live in America 2003 was recorded.
 Incredible Revisited is the fourth studio album by British singer/actor Davy Jones formerly a member of The Monkees.
 Comeuppance is the first full album released by British progressive rock/jazz fusion band Sphere3.
 The Making of Pump is a video and DVD documentary about the making of the Pump album by Aerosmith. It also features interviews with the band.
 Imagination Lady is the fifth album by the blues band Chicken Shack released in 1972 on the Deram record label. It was reissued by Esoteric Recordings in July 2012 on CD in the UK.
 Mia Pharaoh is the third studio album by Miniature Tigers and was released March 6 2012.
 Alice Cooper: The Nightmare was a conceptual television special showcasing the music of the Welcome To My Nightmare album by Alice Cooper. It originally broadcast in North America on April 25 1975 by the ABC network.In the TV special Alice Cooper stars as Steven who is trapped in a nightmare he can't wake up from and tries to escape. Vincent Price also appears throughout the special starring as the Spirit of the Nightmare.
 The Lewis Blue is an album by Scottish Celtic musicians Ivan Drever and Duncan Chisholm released in 1998. At the time both musicians were members of Wolfstone (though Drever left shortly after The Lewis Blue's release).The album was released around the same time as the controversial album release This Strange Place which was essentially an Ivan Drever piece with certain members of Wolfstone but after a short peroid of time in 1998 it was marketed as a Wolfstone album.
 Da 1 U Love 2 Hate is an independently released album by G-Unit Records rapper Spider Loc. It was released via his own label Baymaac Records. This album has never charted.
 The Perishers Live is a live album by The Perishers released in 2005.
 Total Euphoria is the first and only studio album by the Australian Dance trio Euphoria. The album was released in April 1992 by EMI Australia and peaked at number 14 on the Australian Album Charts. The album yielded four singles two of which reached number one on the Australian Singles Chart: Love You Right in February 1992 and One In a Million in April 1992. The album was co-produced and co-written by Andrew Klippel and Ean Sugarman.
 Chuck is the third studio album from Canadian rock band Sum 41. The album was released on October 12 2004. It is the band's last album to feature lead guitarist Dave Baksh. He left the band on May 11 2006 to pursue his own career with his new band Brown Brigade. Chuck has peaked at No.
 Među zvezdama (trans. Among the Stars) is the fourth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band YU grupa.Među zvezdama is the band's first album recorded with the guitarist Nedžat Maculja and the drummer Dragan Micić who replaced Ratislav Đelmaš. The album features the band's former member Bata Kostić as guest.
 At Home an album by Cherish the Ladies was released in 1999 on the RCA label.
 Pencil Packin' Papa is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Columbia label in 1994 featuring performances by Silver with Oscar Brashear Ron Stout Jeff Bernell George Bohanon Maurice Spears Suzette Moriarty Red Holloway James Moody Eddie Harris Rickey Woodard Bob Maize and Carl Burnett with vocals by O.C. Smith.
 Unfinished Business is the second collaboration album between R&B artist R. Kelly and rapper Jay-Z and was released worldwide on October 26 2004. It was distributed in the United States and Canada by Jive Records and Island Def Jam Music Group by the Bertelsmann Music Group (BMG) and its subsidiary Jive Records except in Canada and the United States of America where Island Def Jam Music Group and its labels Def Jam Recordings and Roc-A-Fella Records replaced BMG.
 Rosemary Clooney Sings the Music of Irving Berlin is a 1984 album by Rosemary Clooney of songs composed by Irving Berlin.
 No Control is a Platinum-certified album by American Rock musician Eddie Money. It was his fourth album released in the summer of 1982. It featured one of his biggest career hits Think I'm In Love.
 Christmas Wish is an album by Olivia Newton-John launched in 2007. It is the third album of Christmas Music recorded by Newton-John and the second album produced by Amy Sky.
 RIITIIR occasionally typeset as RIITIIЯ is the twelfth studio album from the Norwegian black metal band Enslaved. It was released on September 28 2012 in Europe and on October 9 2012 in North America. The name RIITIIR is Ivar Bjørnson's Norse-ified take on the words Rites/Rituals or The Rites of Man.
 Knee Deep in the Hoopla is the first release by Starship in 1985 the successor band to Jefferson Airplane and later Jefferson Starship.The album's title comes from a line in the song We Built This City. It was certified platinum by the RIAA and is best remembered for spawning the #1 hits We Built This City and Sara.We Built This City was written by Bernie Taupin (Elton John's longtime collaborator) Martin Page Dennis Lambert and Peter Wolf.
 Persevere is the fourth album by The Proclaimers released in 2001 on their own label Persevere Records as a comeback album after seven years of low profile. It was recorded in Minneapolis and produced by Chris Kimsey. The album's first single featured There's a Touch A Land Fit For Zeros and They Really Do (not included in the album).
 Welcome Home is the sixth album by Kane & Abel. It was released on July 22 2003 for Most Wanted Empire and featured production from Kane & Abel Howard Chaotic Metoyer and Sinista. The album was released after the brothers were released from prison and reached No. 75 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. As of 2004 Welcome Home had sold 23000 copies. The single All Good peaked at No. 31 on the Rap Singles chart.
 Symphonaire Infernus et Spera Empyrium is the second EP by Death-doom band My Dying Bride. Symphonaire was made only a few months after signing to the Peaceville Records label. The song was also released as a vinyl record and an audio tape.
 Alive She Cried is a live album by the American rock band The Doors; the title of the album is taken from a line in the song When the Music's Over. Following the resurgence in popularity for the band due to the 1979 film Apocalypse Now and the release of the first Doors compilation album in seven years Greatest Hits released in 1980 the push was on to release more Doors music.
 Caetano Veloso is the debut solo album by the artist of the same name released in Brazil in 1968. He had released Domingo the year before in collaboration with Gal Costa. It was one of the first Tropicália efforts and features arrangements by Júlio Medaglia Damiano Cozzella and Sandino Hohagen as well as an eclectic assortment of influences demonstrating the antropofagia (artistic cannibalism) of the Tropicália movement.
 Mortal Kombat: Motion Picture Score is the instrumental score album released to accompany the Mortal Kombat film.
 Starsailor is a 1970 album by Tim Buckley (see 1970 in music) released on Herb Cohen's Straight Records label. It marks the moment Buckley's folk rock origins became invisible as he fully incorporated jazz rock and avant-garde styles into his music. Although it is often regarded as not being accessible to many people[citation needed] it also contains his best known song Song to the Siren.
 Where Dead Angels Lie is an EP by the Swedish black metal band Dissection. It was first released as a shaped CD in the form of the Dissection cross in 1996 by Nuclear Blast Records. The EP was later included as part of a bonus CD on the 2006 re-release of Storm of the Light's Bane albeit with a re-arranged track listing.
 The Hidden Lore is an EP by Danish death metal band Iniquity released in May 1998. It was recorded by a completely new line-up since the band's first studio album Serenadium in 1996.
 Latin Playboys is the self-titled debut album of experimental band Latin Playboys.
 Signs Of Life is a Rock album by American musician Billy Squier that was released in 1984. It was his fourth outing for Capitol Records. This disc features Squier's biggest career hit Rock Me Tonite. It was accompanied by an infamous MTV music video that many say ruined Squier's career. The album eventually sold close to two million copies in the United States alone.
 Killing on Adrenaline is the second album by the Maryland USA technical death metal band Dying Fetus. The technical guitar riffs began on this release a trait that evolved and progressed even more on later albums.Kill Your Mother/Rape Your Dog was a deceptively-titled joke-song about the band's standpoint on mainstream music.The album was released by Morbid Records of Germany in 1998 as a one-album deal.
 Dare Iz a Darkside is the second studio album from American hip hop artist Redman released November 22 1994 on Def Jam Recordings.The album peaked at thirteen on the Billboard 200 chart. By January 1995 it was certified gold in sales by the RIAA after sales exceeding 500000 copies in the United States.The album cover features Redman buried in the ground up to his neck a reference to the cover of Funkadelic's 1971 album Maggot Brain.
 Sweets from a Stranger is the fifth studio album by the British New Wave group Squeeze. Its surprisingly dark mood and what some perceived as relatively uninspired songwriting led to some of the band's least flattering reviews since their debut. The band split up soon after a world tour for the record and the two main songwriters went on to record 1984's Difford & Tilbrook.
 Day One is the debut album from Birds of Tokyo released on 3 February 2007 on independent label Egg Records through MGM Distribution. The album was recorded at Studio Couch Fremantle Sing Sing Studio Melbourne Big Rock Studio Dunsborough Loop Studios West Perth and Underground Studios Fremantle in late 2006. The album debuted at #88 on the ARIA Album charts and reached #3 on the AIR Independent Album charts spending a total of 36 consecutive weeks in the top 10.
 Total Brutal is the debut full length album by Austrian Death Machine a project of As I Lay Dying's vocalist Tim Lambesis. The band and record are based upon Arnold Schwarzenegger and his movies. Tim plays all of the instruments (apart from guest solo guitar work) and performs vocals but Ahhhnold is billed as the vocalist. Destroy the Runner vocalist Chad Ackerman voices all of the Schwarzenegger impersonations. The album was released on July 22 2008.
 Por Qué Será (Why Would That Be?) is an album released by Venezuelan performer Rudy La Scala in 1991. The album reached the top ten in the Billboard Latin Pop Albums chart and includes La Scala's second number-one single at the Top Latin Songs.
 Emergence is the first studio album by Natasha St-Pier released on 1996.
 Crazy Frog Presents Crazy Hits is the debut studio album by the Crazy Frog released on July 25 2005. It is a collection of songs mixed with the Crazy Frog ringtone including the remix of the song Axel F which appeared in the 1984 film Beverly Hills Cop and Popcorn. The Crazy Christmas Edition of the album was released on November 25 with an alternate cover and several holiday-themed bonus tracks. This edition charted in the UK at #75.
 Legacy: Best Of (released 18 September 2006) is the first official 'best of' collection from Mansun. It collects all the bands Parlophone lead-EP tracks and selected album tracks which were compiled by Paul Draper and Dominic Chad.
 David Bowie is the debut album by British musician David Bowie released in 1967 on Deram Records. Its content bears little overt resemblance to the type of music that later made him famous such as the folk rock of Space Oddity or the glam of The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars.
 Sacred Space Music is the third album of New Age composer Constance Demby.
 Devoted To Your Memory is the 22nd album by country singer Moe Bandy released in 1983 on the Columbia label recorded at Woodland Studio B.
 Ready for the World is an R&B album released by singer INOJ in 1999.
 Act of Sorrow is the second single from Scottish metalcore band Mendeed.
 The Video Collection is the name of a music video DVD compilation by popular Greek singer Anna Vissi released by Sony Music in 2001 in Greece and Australia. The DVD contains music videos from Anna Vissi's songs.
 Fireball Zone (1991) was the third solo album from Ric Ocasek the lead singer-songwriter of The Cars.
 Nightbird is a 1997 compilation album by Yanni released on the Unison label.
 New York Big Band is a live album by George Russell released on the Italian Soul Note label in 1982 featuring performances by Russell with his New York Big Band recorded in 1978 and one track with The Swedish Radio Jazz Orchestra recorded in 1977 at the same concert that produced Vertical Form VI. The Allmusic review awarded the album 4½ stars.
 Lágrimas Negras is a 2003 album by Cuban pianist bandleader composer and arranger Bebo Valdés and famous Spanish flamenco singer Diego «El Cigala». Lágrimas Negras is a fusion of Cuban rhythms and flamenco vocals produced by Spanish book editor screenwriter film director and producer Fernando Trueba and released by Calle 54 Records S.L. and BMG Music Spain.
 Versailles is the self-titled fourth and final studio album by Versailles. It was released on September 26 2012.
 He Is the Light is a 1985 album by Al Green.
 Que Nada Nos Separe (English: May Nothing Tear Us Apart) is the sixth studio album by Mexican pop singer Mijares. This album was released in 1991 earning 6 Gold discs[1].
 72826 is a demo tape by American rock band Tool. It was released in 1991 in very limited quantities of 1500.
 Elements Pt. 1 is the ninth studio album by power metal band Stratovarius released on 22 January 2003 through Nuclear Blast. Both the album and its single Eagleheart reached #2 on that year's Finnish albums/singles chart.
 My Best Friend Is You is the second album by English singer-songwriter Kate Nash released in the United Kingdom on 19 April 2010 and elsewhere on 20 April. The album was originally entitled Crayon Full Of Colour but the name was changed due to Paolo Nutini's similar song title at that time Pencil Full Of Lead. On 13 April 2010 Kate appeared on John Kennedy's XFM show Xposure where they did a track-by-track interview playing the whole of the album.
 Drinks After Work is the seventeenth studio album by American country music artist Toby Keith. It was released on October 29 2013 by Show Dog-Universal Music. Keith wrote or co-wrote nine of the album's new tracks. A deluxe edition was also released with three bonus tracks.
 Sing a Song for You: Tribute to Tim Buckley is a double CD studio album performed by various artists in tribute to 1960s musician Tim Buckley. The album is named after a Buckley song of the same name which is also the first track on the first disc. Tim Buckley died of an accidental overdose in 1975.
 Gemini is the second album by American R&B singer El DeBarge. The album peaked at #35 on the Billboard R&B charts. The lead single Real Love reached #8 on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks Chart as well as #11 on the Billboard Hot Dance Music/Maxi-Singles Sales Chart and #14 on the Billboard Dance Music/Club Play Singles Chart. A second single Somebody Loves You reached #24 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart.
 Red River Valley is an album by American recording artist Slim Whitman. It was his second and final number-one album in the UK. It spent four weeks at the top of the chart in 1977.
 Petite Blonde is the name of a live jazz collaboration album. It features Victor Bailey on bass Dennis Chambers on drums Mitch Forman on keyboards Chuck Loeb on guitar and Bill Evans on saxophone (soprano and tenor). It was recorded live on July 4 1992 at the Neuwied Jazzfestival and on July 14 1992 at The Fabrik in Hamburg Germany.
 All Shook Down is the seventh studio album by the band The Replacements released on September 25 1990.This album was originally intended to be front man Paul Westerberg's solo artist debut. As a result of its initial intent All Shook Down is marked by numerous session side and journeyman-musicians supplemented by the three other 'Mats themselves.
 Pride and Joy is a music video/live compilation by Stevie Ray Vaughan. It was the original video collection spanning all of the music videos made from 1983-1989 plus a live track from MTV's Mardi Gras celebration in February 1987. Pride and Joy was also released in 2007 on DVD expanded to include the video for Little Wing and three MTV Unplugged performances from January 30 1990.
 Cao Cao (Chinese: 曹操) is Singaporean Mandopop singer-songwriter JJ Lin's fourth Mandarin studio album. It was released on 17 February 2006 by the Ocean Butterflies Music and contains 11 tracks. A special 2-disk album was released 7 April 2006.
 Fixed at Zero is the debut studio album by American experimental rock band VersaEmerge released through Fueled by Ramen on June 22 2010.The album was made available for pre-order on iTunes and the Fueled by Ramen store on May 11 2010.The first single off the album Fixed At Zero was released on July 13 2010. The second single Your Own LoV.E. was released on January 12 2011. The third single Figure It Out was released on April 6 2011.
 The Karelian Isthmus is the debut album of Finnish metal band Amorphis released in 1993.Although The Karelian Isthmus took its name from a historic Finnish battleground Karelian Isthmus its lyrics focus on Amorphis's well known epic themes from the history of Finnish warfare and religion but drawing more from celtic mythology rather than the later traditions of Amorphis's own native land.
 Xiu Xiu/Devendra Banhart split 7 has Xiu Xiu and Devendra Banhart covering one of the other's songs.
 Your Cheatin' Heart is an album by Freddy Fender. It was released in 1976.
 The Incomparable Charley Pride is a compilation album by country singer Charley Pride released on the RCA Camden label in August 1972. The album reached number 16 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart and number 189 on the Billboard 200.
 10000 Days is the Grammy Award-winning fourth studio album by American rock band Tool. The album was released on April 28 2006 in parts of Europe April 29 2006 in Australia May 1 2006 in the United Kingdom and May 2 2006 in North America. By the end of 2007 the album had sold 2.5 million copies worldwide and has been awarded a Platinum certification by the RIAA.
 Mada Minu Ashita ni (未だ見ぬ明日に Into an Unseen Tomorrow) is the second major-label EP by Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation released on June 11 2008. The mini-album features songs conceived around the time of the recording of their preceding full-length album World World World.
 God Bless the Red Krayola and All Who Sail With It is the second album by the experimental rock band Red Krayola released in 1968 through International Artists Records.
 From Nashville with Love is the title of a recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins released in 1966.The album peaked at no. 26 on the Billboard country albums chart.
 Virgem (in English: Virgin) is an album by Brazilian singer Marina Lima released in 1987.
 Feeding on Angels is the fifth album by Soulburn. Soulburn is a name Asphyx temporarily used during the late 1990s before returning to Asphyx. It was released in 1998 on Century Media Records.
 Daylight is the fourth album by American singer-songwriter Duncan Sheik. It was released on Atlantic Records in 2002.
 The Emcee's Properganda is Jin's second studio album. It was released on October 25 2005. The whole album was produced by Golden Child with the exception of Properganda which was produced by Demo. The album was recorded at No Mystery Studios and engineered by Vinny Nicoletti. The album was mixed at Storm Studios by Storm. Top 5 (Dead or Alive) was released as a 12 vinyl single with Perspectives as the B-side. The music video for Top 5 (Dead or Alive) was directed by Todd Angkasuwan.
 Pochette Surprise (Surprise Package) is the first album by singer Jordy. When it was released in France in 1992 he was only four years old. Its first single Dur dur d'être bébé! charted at #1 for 15 weeks making Jordy the youngest recording artist to ever reach #1.
 Early Stages (Official Bootleg Box Set 1982-1987) is a box set containing six separate live albums by Marillion with their former singer Fish recorded at various venues in the UK between 1982 and 1987 and released to retail by EMI on 17 November 2008. The packaging was designed by Mark Wilkinson who had designed all Marillion covers of the 1980s and went on to work with Fish after his departure.
 Scene 14 is the first full-length album by Illinois indie rock band Park. It was released in 1998 on Playing Field Recordings.
 Love Heals is a compilation album from country music singer Wynonna Judd released on May 24 2010 exclusive to Cracker Barrel stores. It is her second compilation album following 1997's Collection and benefits the Wounded Warrior Project.
 Lenses Alien is the second album by the indie rock band Cymbals Eat Guitars released August 30 2011 on Barsuk Records. The album was produced by John Agnello and received generally positive reviews.
 Fahrenheit's Fantasy World Tour Taipei Special (Chinese: 飛輪海想入飛飛演唱会台北旗艦場) is Taiwanese Mandopop quartet boy band Fahrenheit's (Chinese: 飛輪海) first concert DVD album. It was recorded during the concerts held on 24 and 25 October 2009 at Taipei Arena Taiwan.
 Kad misli mi vrludaju is the debut album of the Croatian rock band Aerodrom released through Jugoton in 1979. Two singles were released from this album on a 7 record titled Kad misli vrludaju in 1980 a successful title track Kad misli mi vrludaju and the B-side Kraj tebe u tami. After this album Aerodrom continued to pursue a commercial new wave/pop rock and mainstream path leaving Kad misli mi vrludaju the only band's album with progressive rock sound.
 Everybody Up is the 15th album by The Ohio Players released in 1979 their last album of the 1970s. This is their only album released on Arista Records.
 Touch is the third mini album (counted as first) by South Korean-Chinese girl group Miss A. It was released on February 20 2012. The album contains six new tracks. The song Touch served as its lead single. Only track no.1: Touch and track no.5: Over U were later added on Miss A's second album Hush
 Flytrap was the eighth album by Christian metal band Whitecross released in 1996.
 How to Make Enemies and Irritate People is the sixth studio album by the American punk rock band Screeching Weasel. It was released in 1994 through Lookout! Records. It was meant to be the band's last album. Shortly after the release of 1993's Anthem for a New Tomorrow bassist/backing vocalist/songwriting collaborator Danny Vapid left the band. The rest of the band felt that they had run out of steam but wanted to record the last batch of songs they had written.
 Shine Like It Does: The Anthology (1979–1997) is a greatest hits compilation released by Australian rock band INXS on 5 June 2001. It features most of their singles some remixes and rare tracks heard for the first time on CD. To date the album has sold 35000 copies in the US.
 Country Church Time is an album by American country music artist George Jones. This album was released in 1959 (see 1959 in country music) on the Mercury Records label. This was Jones' first album with Mercury Records.
 In the Forest of the Dreaming Dead is the debut album by the Swedish death metal band Unanimated.
 Good Times Bad Times... Ten Years of Godsmack is a greatest hits collection by the heavy metal band Godsmack. The collection includes all of Godsmack's singles with the exception of Bad Magick and Bring It On; and a DVD of the band's acoustic performance in Las Vegas Nevada at The House of Blues.
 On the Prowl is the ninth studio album of Japanese heavy metal band Loudness. It is also their second and last album with American vocalist Mike Vescera before his leaving to join Yngwie Malmsteen's band for the album The Seventh Sign. On the Prowl is mainly a compilation of self-covers of songs from early Loudness' albums containing only three new songs written by the band (♠).
 The Essential Stabbing Westward is a compilation album by the American industrial rock band Stabbing Westward released on Sony Music as part of their Essential series. The album was released in 2003 a year after the band broke up in 2002. It features 14 remastered tracks: 12 from their three albums released in the 1990s and 2 from movie soundtracks.
 Dark Adapted Eye is a compilation album by Danielle Dax a British experimental musician formerly of The Lemon Kittens. Released in 1988 on Sire Records on LP cassette and CD it consisted of material from albums and singles released on her own label Awesome Records and was the first release of her material in North America. After being out of print for years the CD was reissued in the U.S. by the Noble Rot label in 2008.
 Fatboy was the first studio album by the jam band moe. It was first released in 1992 as a cassette of which only 1000 were released. The band re-released the album in September 1999 on CD.The album was recorded in the Spring of 1991 at Happy House Studios the second floor of an apartment in Buffalo NY which was owned/operated by Andrew Buscher. Over ten evenings the album was recorded and mixed. The band used sixteen track audio for the recording and used overdubs for vocals and solos.
 The Fabulous Charlie Rich is a 1969 album by country music legend Charlie Rich. In its review AllMusic praises the album for capturing the eclectic nature of Rich's music better than the great majority of his albums but warns country purists that producer Billy Sherrill's production may make it less to their tastes. In spite of launching several hit singles the album was not a widespread commercial success.
 Tuatara – A Flying Nun Compilation is a compilation of previously released songs by artists on New Zealand based Flying Nun Records. It was released as a vinyl album by Flying Nun in 1985 (catalogue number FN045) and on CD with additional tracks. The Chills track was mistakenly attributed to The Cills.
 New York Scene is a live album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers recorded in New York City in 1984 and released on the Concord Jazz label.
 La Voiture À Eau is a Studio album by the French progressive rock band Ange. It was released in 1999.
 Offering is the second album released by the American hard rock band Axe under the label of Atco Records in 1982.
 Happy Christmas is the fourth album/ep by I Can Make a Mess Like Nobody's Business. It was released December 15 2010.Message from Ace regarding the album: We want to thank you so much for your support this past year and all years past. This was our first year as a truly independent band and we couldn't have done it without you guys. Thanks and we hope you're having a magical holiday season!
 Classic Campbell is a 3 disc compilation album issued by EMI in 2006 consisting of hit singles album tracks and a few previously unreleased recordings (that first surfaced on the 1995 The Essential Glen Campbell Volume One Two and Three series) from the sixties and the seventies. One album track makes its CD debut here the instrumental Wimoweh (The Lion Sleeps Tonight) from The Astounding 12-String Guitar of Glen Campbell (1963).
 Not For Church Folk! is a 2001 album by Millie Jackson after nearly a decade of no studio albums.
 To The Metal! is the tenth full length studio album by Gamma Ray. It was released on 29 January 2010. To promote the album the band did a tour with Freedom Call and Secret Sphere. The album was recorded in Kai's own studio in Hamburg in autumn 2009. The band has recorded 12 songs. Ten of them were featured on the regular album release while the other two were bonus tracks appearing on the different editions of the album.
 Mucho (A lot) is the 9th album by Argentine rock group Babasónicos. It was released on CD in 2008. The first single for the album is Pijamas and peaked 1 in Argentina. The second single was released in September.
 Places I Have Never Been is the third studio album and first in ten years by singer/songwriter Willie Nile.
 Complex Simplicity is the debut album by American R&B-soul singer Teedra Moses released in the United States on July 20 2004 by TVT Records. All tracks are produced by Paul Poli except Take Me produced by Raphael Saadiq and You Better Tell Her produced by Lil Jon.
 The Power and the Glory Hole is an album by Faster Pussycat released on July 13 2006 by Full Effect Records. The songs mix industrial rock with the band's traditional sound. Singer Taime Downe was the only member returning from previous Faster Pussycat original albums.Downe asked fans to submit audio clips of their farewells to Bianca Butthole for the track Bye Bye Bianca which is a tribute to the band Betty Blowtorch.
 Killing Katie is the second album by the punk band Link 80. It was released on CD and 10 vinyl by Asian Man Records in 1997.It was recorded with Steve Fontano at Fantasy Studios in Berkeley California between the 18th and 20th of April 1997. The album was the last Link 80 recording to feature lead singer Nick Traina and guitarist Matt Bettinelli-Olpin.It was released less than one month before Nick Traina died.
 Rosa e Vermelho is the second studio album by the Portuguese pop singer Susana Félix. It was recorded in 2001 and released in 2002. The lead single of the album was Pó de Amar followed by Ficou and Luz de Presença.
 Premonition is the second album by American rock band Survivor released in October 1981 in the United States and February 1982 elsewhere. It was the first album to use the Survivor script logo.The album along with many other Survivor albums was briefly taken out of print in 2009 but was remastered and reissued the following year and distributed by Rock Candy Records.
 3/3/03 – Tokyo Japan is a two-disc live album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam. It was released to retail stores on June 10 2003.
 Delta is a DVD by Australian singer-songwriter Delta Goodrem. It was released on 13 October 2003 through Sony. In some international markets it was titled Innocent Eyes. The DVD features a collection of highlights documenting the Innocent Eyes era. It spent eight weeks at #1 and has become the highest selling music DVD in Australia by an Australian artist being certified platinum twelve times. It was awarded Best Music DVD at the 3rd Annual Australian DVD Awards.
 Eph is an album by Fridge released Spring 1999. It was their first (and only) album for the Go! Beat label.The album was reissued in North America in 2002 on Temporary Residence Limited with an additional CD consisting of two EPs released in the same year (Kinoshita Terasaka and remixes of Of by the band themselves) plus two more recent remixes.
 Alright! is an album by Bogdan Raczynski. It was released in 2007 on Rephlex Records.Alright! is Raczynski's latest album.
 For the Broken is the debut album of American Rock band One Step Away.
 Picnic is an album by Texas-based folk singer-songwriter Robert Earl Keen released in the United States in 1997 on Arista Records.
 Najlepši par (English: The Best Couple) is the fifth studio album by Serbian singer Dragana Mirković and the third to feature the band Južni Vetar. It was released in 1988.This is Dragana's third album with Južni Vetar. They went on to record a total of five albums together one was released each year beginning in 1986.
 Bossa Nova: New Brazilian Jazz is an album by Argentine composer pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin recorded in 1962 and released on the Audio Fidelity label. The album was released during the height of the popularity of bossa nova music in the early 1960s and was one of Schifrin's earliest solo albums after leaving Dizzy Gillespie's band.
 You Are I AM is a Christian worship music album by Darrell Evans released by Vertical Music in 1997.
 Datarock California EP is the latest EP by Norwegian Dance-punk duo Datarock released in 2011 included within the Catcher in the Rye EP aka The Most Extravagant Single in History. The EP features the title track California a song the band bills as part of a new modern rock musical about Datarock traveling the world. The band continues its often playful approach to music citing references to both The Beach Boys California Girls and Porno for Pyros Make Great Pets in the song Great Pets
 The Spirit of Christmas 2002 is the eighth compilation album of Christmas-associated tracks in the annual Spirit of Christmas series. It was released in Australia in November 2002 with proceeds going to The Salvation Army's Red Shield Appeal which supports at-risk children and youth throughout the country. The compilation has contributions from various Australian artists and was produced by Lindsay Field (also compiler) and Glenn Wheatley. It was issued on cassette and CD by Myer Grace Bros.
 Greatest Hits is the compilation album of best of Terence Trent D'Arby hits released in 2002 in two CDs with the second CD including mostly remixes and live versions.
 Poisoned Electrick Head is the self-titled debut full-length album by the English psychedelic rock band Poisoned Electrick Head.The album features several long tracks and a more directly psychedelic instrumental sound than subsequent albums. It also features more samples from outside sources (including the 1974 John Boorman science fiction film Zardoz and George Bush's declaration of war on Iraq at the start of the First Gulf War).
 Kiss Kiss Bang Bang is an EP by Glassjaw originally released in 1997 on 2 Cents A Pop label. In 2001 it was re-released without a label attached to it.It was recorded at Brass Giraffe Studio in New York when vocalist Daryl Palumbo was 17 years old.
 Wait Long By The River and the Bodies of Your Enemies Will Float By is the second album released by The Drones a band formed in Perth and based in Melbourne. The album was also nominated for Triple J's inaugural J Award prize in 2005 (but eventually lost out to Wolfmother) and topped many Australian critics' end-of-year Top 10 lists. Furthermore Triple J put the album tracks Shark Fin Blues and Baby² on medium rotation.
 Intense Records Presents: Recorded Live Vol. 5 is an live studio EP by Christian industrial duo Mortal. The album includes covers of U2's One Tree Hill and Amy Grant/Michael W. Smith's Thy Word.
 Her Story: Scenes from a Lifetime is the title of a two-disc live compilation album released in 2005 (see 2005 in country music) by American country music artist Wynonna Judd. The album was recorded live at the Grand Ole Opry house on February 1 2005. It features a mix of Wynonna's solo songs songs that she originally recorded as one-half of The Judds and some other cover songs.
 Sonny Rollins Plus 4 (also released as 3 Giants!) is a jazz album by Sonny Rollins released in 1956 on Prestige Records. On this album Rollins plays with the Clifford Brown/Max Roach Quintet of which he was a member at the time. The album was the last full recording including pianist Richie Powell and trumpeter Clifford Brown as both died in a car accident three months later.
 The Shadow of Your Smile is a 1965 album by Astrud Gilberto arranged by Don Sebesky Claus Ogerman and João Donato.
 Style is the fifth DVD featuring Girls Aloud was released on November 12 2007. It features commentary from Girls Aloud on all of their favourite and least favourite outfits from their careers as well as fashion tips. The video contains the group's first sixteen music videos.
 A Taste of Extreme Divinity is the eleventh studio album by Swedish death metal band Hypocrisy. The album was released on October 23 2009 in Europe and on November 3 in the United States. The North American version contains three bonus tracks.
 Ghost Town is the 12th album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. It was released in 1999 and is the first album featuring solo performances overdubs and loops by Frisell.
 Wisdom is 16 Volt's debut album which was released in 1993 under the Re-constriction label.
 The Chase is the fourth studio album released under BEC Recordings by the Christian rapper Manafest on March 30 2010. The album received a nomination in the category of Contemporary Christian/Gospel Album of the Year for the Juno Awards of 2011.
 Girl is the debut album by Eskimo Joe released on 20 August 2001. The album reached number 29 on the Australian (ARIA) Album Charts and went gold. The album was nominated for four ARIA Awards.The album features the two heavily played Triple J songs Wake Up and Who Sold Her Out with the latter reaching number 94 on the ARIA Singles Charts. Sydney Song featured on an advertisement for Kit Kat in which a man carried a novelty sized Kit Kat around to promote the Kit Kat Chunky.
 The Air Farce Comedy Album is a comedy album performed by the Royal Canadian Air Farce comedy troupe. It was released in 1979. The sketches were performed in CBC's Studio 4 over a two-day period on August 23 and 24 1978. The never-before-performed sketches were performed in front of a live audience allowing for spontaneous reaction.
 Recorded ‘live’ at concerts in Salle Pleyel in Paris France and in Bremen Germany this record features eight extended pieces of which four are Russell originals. The remaining songs are composed by Miles Davis and Thelonious Monk. The CD also contains two interesting versions of Russell's 'D.C. Divertimento'. Trumpeter Thad Jones is featured on the album as well. The album was recorded under the label Gambit Spain.
 Idea. Form. Essence... is the seventh studio album released by black metal band Astrofaes. It was recorded under Supernal Music and was released in 2007.
 Stray Cats is the first album from the rockabilly band Stray Cats. It was released in the UK and was very successful with hits such as Runaway Boys Stray Cat Strut and Rock This Town.Storm the Embassy is about the Iran hostage crisis of 1979-80 and may be the only time the Stray Cats recorded a political song.This album has never been released in the United States.
 Scavenger is the 4th album by The Walkabouts released September 1 1991 on Sub Pop Records. It received national exposure in the United States through NPR. The album is available in various forms (CD cassette digital download) from Amazon.com and as digital download from iTunes Store in the US and the United Kingdom among others.Scavenger was produced by Gary Smith and features guest appearances by Brian Eno and Natalie Merchant.
 Central City May Rise Again is the debut album by The Cape May released by Flemish Eye in 2005. The album cover art is by Sean Maxey.
 More Gold: More Hits is a compilation album by Swedish pop group ABBA. Released in 1993 it was the follow-up to the highly successful Gold: Greatest Hits released the previous year and went on to sell 3 million copies.While Gold: Greatest Hits had showcased nineteen of the group's biggest and most recognisable hits this left out a number of other sizeable international hits such as Summer Night City I Do I Do I Do I Do I Do and Angeleyes.
 Lonely Revolutions is a compilation album by the Scottish band Biffy Clyro originally released on August 23 2010 and only available on 12 vinyl (limited to 300 pressings). The album features B-sides from the bands 5th album Only Revolutions. The album was subsequently released on CD (limited to 1000 copies).
 Water Forest is Japanese singer-songwriter Rurutia's 2nd album under the Toshiba EMI label. The album reached to #226 on Oricon and charted for a week.
 Iron Fist is the fifth studio album by the British band Motörhead. Released on 17 April 1982 it peaked at No. 6 on the UK album charts. It was preceded by the release of the title track Iron Fist as a single on 3 April which peaked in the UK singles chart at #29. It was the final album to be recorded by the Lemmy Fast Eddie Clarke and Phil Philthy Animal Taylor line-up.
 Doces Bárbaros is a 1976 album by the Música Popular Brasileira supergroup of the same name. It was recorded June 24 of that year at Anhembi Stadium in São Paulo. Its members were Gilberto Gil Caetano Veloso Maria Bethânia and Gal Costa four of the biggest names in the history of the music of Brazil. The band was the subject of a 1977 documentary directed by Jom Tob Azulay.
 The Classic Guide to Strategy is a compilation album by John Zorn featuring his two early solo records The Classic Guide to Strategy Volume One (1983) (tracks 1-2) and the Classic Guide to Strategy Volume Two (1985) (tracks 3-8). The albums were first released on vinyl on Lumina Records in and later re-released on Tzadik Records in 1996 as a single CD. The second track is inspired by the work of Carl Stalling and tracks 3-8 are named after avant-garde Japanese artists.
 The Best of Sophie B. Hawkins is a compilation album released in 2002 collecting songs by American singer Sophie B. Hawkins. It is her first compilation album and was released 10 years after her first studio album Tongues and Tails.
 To Whom Who Keeps a Record is a compilation album credited to jazz composer and saxophonist Ornette Coleman released by the Japanese subsidiary Warner Pioneer of Warner Bros. Records in 1975. The album was assembled without Coleman's input comprising outtakes from Atlantic Records recording sessions of 1959 and 1960 for Change of the Century and This Is Our Music.
 Live At Konkrete Jungle New York City is the latest offering from DJ Starscream. This was a mix session which was performed live in 2005 and includes Starscream's popular mixing of General Malice's records and his drum n bass remixes of Slipknot's Pulse Of The Maggots and Duality.
 Life was the 4th studio album by hard rock band Talisman released on 23 August 1995 on Polydor Records.This album was written in Jeff Scott Soto's house over a couple weeks time in March 1995. This time they opted for convenience recording everything separately drums in Park studios bass in Marcel Jacob’s pad guitars in a small room just outside of Stockholm. The tapes were then sent to Jeff in Los Angeles where he would do vocal overdubs.
 The Streets of San Francisco is the second full-length album by Californian punk rock band Swingin' Utters released in 1995. It was produced by Lars Frederiksen of Rancid. All songs were newly recorded for the album although several had been on the band's previous releases.The original LP was issued by New Red Archives and released on at least four different colors of vinyl: orange yellow purple and blue.
 Live At The Boat Club is an album by the rock band Trapeze.Recorded live at the Boat Club in Nottingham for a UK live radio broadcast featuring tracks from their four mid-70's albums Medusa You Are The Music We're Just The Band Hot Wire and Trapeze. The CD includes a 12 page booklet with rare photos biography and liner notes from lead guitarist Mel Galley.
 One Foot in the Grave is the fourth studio album by Beck released in June 1994 on K Records an independent label. Like Stereopathetic Soulmanure the album never charted; however One Foot in the Grave strengthened Beck's critical reputation arguably allowing him to break into the mainstream with Odelay in 1996. One Foot in the Grave shows a strong folk influence that is more pronounced than on his more eclectic-style albums of the time Mellow Gold and Odelay.
 Julie Roberts is the debut album from American country music artist Julie Roberts. Released in 2004 on Mercury Nashville Records the album produced three singles for Roberts on the Billboard country charts. Break Down Here was the only one of these singles to reach Top 40 peaking at 18. The second and third singles The Chance and Wake Up Older reached No. 47 and No. 46 respectively.
 Rebellion In Heaven is the second album of German band Dawn of Destiny.
 My Love Is a Bulldozer is an album by Venetian Snares set for release on June 16 2014.
 Ghost Town is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Duane Steele. It was released by Icon Records on July 4 2006. Singles released from the album include Comin' Back Around the title track What D'Ya Say Blue Collar Man Real Close Two People in a Room and Bustin' Out.
 Maximum Collection is a singles collection released by Japanese dance unit MAX. It was released on September 20 1999 on the avex trax label and reached N°1 on the Oricon weekly charts. The album compiled twelve of the group's then current singles (out of fourteen excluding the low selling first two ones) two of their B-sides and one track from the Maximum II album. First pressing of the album include a bonus disc titled Maximum Hyper Non-Stop Mega-Mix.
 BBM (Bruce-Baker-Moore) is the name of the short-lived power trio formed in 1993 by long established artists bassist Jack Bruce drummer Ginger Baker and guitarist Gary Moore. They released just one album entitled Around The Next Dream which was released on the Virgin record label. It reached Number 9 in the UK Albums Chart in the summer of 1994 but spent only four weeks in the listings.
 Contemporary Works I is a limited edition 10-disc CD box set released by Klaus Schulze in 2000 containing new studio material. The CDs are in cardboard sleeves and housed in a wooden box. Two years later Schulze released Contemporary Works II. Six of the discs have been reissued in 2005–2007 as part of the overall reissue program of Schulze back catalog by Revisited Records.
 Architect is the fourth studio album by Irish singer-songwriter Wallis Bird. The album will be released in the Republic of Ireland on April 11 2014 alongside Germany Austria and Switzerland. The album is released in the United Kingdom on April 14 2014. The first promo single from the album is 'Hardly Hardly' and those who pre-order the album on iTunes prior to its Irish release will receive 'I Can Be Your Man' for free.
 Nachan Main Audhay Naal is the seventh album of Pakistani pop and bhangra singer Abrar-ul-Haq. It was released on March 2007.
 She Is a Song is the second solo album by country rock musician Rick Roberts. The album was recorded in 1973 two years before he founded the band Firefall. He was joined on the record by former Flying Burrito Brother Chris Hillman who also produced the album. Other guest musicians include Joe Walsh and Al Perkins as well as Rusty Young and *George Grantham from Poco. Tracks include Stephen Stills' Four Days Gone Paul Siebel's She Made Me Lose My Blues and Roberts' Glad to Be Goin'.
 Badlands is an album by Canadian musician Dirty Beaches. It was released in March 28 2011 by Zoo Music.It was longlisted as a nominee for the 2011 Polaris Music Prize.
 KinKi Single Selection is the first greatest hits album by Japanese duo KinKi Kids. The album was released on May 17 2000 and debuted at the top of the Oricon charts selling 712340 copies in its first week. The album eventually went on to sell over 1200000 copies by the end of the year and was certified Million by RIAJ.
 Greatest Remix Hits 1 is a remix album by Australian pop–dance singer Kylie Minogue. Originally released exclusively in Japan in 1993 the collection was re-released by Mushroom Records in 1997 in Australia with new cover art. The album contained rare and previously unavailable remixes of songs from Minogue's studio albums with PWL from 1987 to 1992.
 Give 'Em the Boot VI is an unofficial sixth entry in the Give 'Em the Boot series of albums. The compilations are periodically released by Hellcat Records and there is no record of it on the label's website. It has been distributed through the use of torrent download websites and features a tracklisting similar in content to previous releases. A limited CD version was released as a promo.
 Say Siegel–Schwall is an album by the blues-rock group the Siegel–Schwall Band. Their second album it was released in 1967 by Vanguard Records as a vinyl LP. It was later re-released as a CD also on the Vanguard label.Say Siegel–Schwall was the first of two albums by the band to feature Jack Dawson on bass guitar.
 The Very Best of dansbands hårdrock is a 2001 album from Swedish heavy metal band Black Ingvars.
 Den långsamma blomman was released on May 26 2004 and is an album from the Swedish pop singer Shirley Clamp. It was her debut album.
 EP 2003: Music for the Epicurean Harkener is a 2003 EP released on Chrismas Day by instrumental Mason Williams. The EP was nominated for Best Pop Instrumental Album at the 47th Annual Grammy Awards (held on February 13 2005) it was his first and only nomination in the category
 The Aftermath is a collection of songs released following the 'aftermath' of the Thing a Week project by comedy rock musician Jonathan Coulton. The project was originally intended to be Coulton's eighth studio album. After he was convinced to start recording in a professional studio by John Flansburgh however Coulton decided to scrap this project and start anew for his next album which later became Artificial Heart.
 Na żywo ale w studio is the debut studio album by Polish rapcore band Kazik Na Żywo. It was released on April 1994 in Poland through S.P. Records (LP and CC version). The album was recorded in 1992 Łódź (Celina and Spalam się) and January 1994 Warsaw. Song Artyści have a lead riff from Kr'shna Brothers track We know how to kill.The cover art was created by Jan Staszewski.
 For the astrological Mercury retrograde see Retrograde motion in astrologyMercury Retrograde is a live album by Jesse Malin recorded at the Mercury Lounge New York City in December 2007. The album was originally only released online on June 3 2008 and was released on CD on November 10 2008. Only the first thirteen tracks are from the live set; the final five are studio recordings.
 Leon Koudelak live in Seoul is a 2011 album of live performances by Leon Koudelak. It was released to accompany the DVD which features video of the performances. It was recorded live on 6 February 2001 in in Seoul Korea and the sound was completely remastered for stereo.
 Mit Rucksack und Harpune is the fourth studio album released by Joachim Witt in 1985.
 My Australian Roots is a 1989 album by Australian rude singer/comedian Kevin Bloody Wilson
 Endless Seasons is the fourth studio album by Canadian folk music group The Rankin Family. It was released by EMI on August 29 1995. The album peaked at number 6 on the RPM Country Albums chart.
 Live a Little is the first solo album by American singer Big Kenny prior to his joining John Rich in the duo Big & Rich. Recorded in 1999 for Hollywood Records the album was not released until 2005 after Big & Rich had released their debut album. Its release coincided with the release of Rich's previously-unreleased debut album Underneath the Same Moon also recorded in 1999 and released in 2006.
 Get Tough: The Best of the Del-Lords a greatest hits compilation by The Del-Lords released in 1999 through Restless Records.
 I'll Share My World with You is an album by American country music artist George Jones. This album was released in 1969 (see 1969 in country music) on the Musicor Records label. Tammy Wynette who would marry Jones the following year is pictured on the cover.
 Heavy Drug (Surrender Sounds Mix) is an EP released by British electronic music act Unkle. According to James Lavelle the track was born during a late night session when he and his brother Adian Lavelle were working on serveal remix projects which resulted in what they called a happy accident. The track was reworked during the sessions for Where Did the Night Fall set for release in May 2010.
 Sirocco is the second album from Australian rock band Australian Crawl. It was released in July 1981 and on 3 August it topped the Australian charts where it remained for six weeks the band's first of two albums to hit #1. It was released a year after their successful debut The Boys Light Up which had reached #4.The album was recorded in March-April 1981 in Sydney New South Wales and produced by Peter Dawkins (Air Supply Billy Thorpe Dragon John Farnham).
 The Ultimate Yes: 35th Anniversary Collection is a triple compilation album by progressive rock band Yes was released in 2003 in the United Kingdom and in early 2004 in the United States and covers the length and breadth of the band's thirty-five-year career.Released on Warner Music in the UK as a double CD the United States edition - on Rhino Records - included a bonus disc of acoustic recordings of old and new material recorded in October 2003.
 Cold Chillin' is the third EP from British hardcore punk band Your Demise. Released on May 14 2013 in conjunction with Impericon and Pinky Swear Records it is the first official work since the band split from Visible Noise Records.
 Reform (simplified Chinese: 改变; traditional Chinese: 改變) is Jane Zhang's fifth studio album that was released on 1 June 2011. It is her second album with Universal Music Group under Show City Times. Built around the theme reform and changes.
 The Collected Recordings – Sixties to Nineties is a 16 bit digitally remastered three disc compilation album by American pop/rock singer Tina Turner. The 48 track compilation was released in the United States on 15 November 1994 by Capitol Records.
 Westminster & 5th was released in 2007 and is the fifth studio album by Beowülf and the first since 2¢ (1995) and the subsequent hiatus of the band. The sound and playing on Westminster & 5th is reminiscent of Beowülf's first two albums: Beowülf (1986) and Lost My Head... (1988).
 Evocation I: The Arcane Dominion is the third full-length album by the Swiss folk metal band Eluveitie. It was released on April 17 2009 through Nuclear Blast. Contrary to their previous works this album is almost entirely acoustic. The vocals are primarily handled by hurdy gurdist Anna Murphy. The album cover represents Cernunnos a Celtic deity of nature.The lyrics are partly based on Gaulish inscriptions e.g.
 Gravity is the Grammy Award-winning sixth studio album by American Christian hip hop artist Lecrae released on September 4 2012. The album features appearances from Big K.R.I.T. Mathai Ashthon Jones and Mali Music along with labelmates Trip Lee Andy Mineo Derek Minor who was formerly known as PRo and Tedashii. Producers on the album include DJ Khalil Street Symphony's Heat Academy and The Watchmen.
 Parisienne Walkways: The Blues Collection is a 2003 compilation album of containing performances of blues songs by the blues-rock guitarist and vocalist Gary Moore. It is a companion piece to Back on the Streets: The Rock Collection released at the same time.
 Rhythm Sound and Movement is a remix album released in 2009 by the New Zealand band Pitch Black.
 Reset the Preset is an electronica album by Console. The track Dirt on the Wire was sung by Miriam Osterrieder.
 Plight & Premonition is the first of two collaborations between David Sylvian and Can's bassist Holger Czukay Flux and Mutability being their second. It was released in March 1988. The music is ambient makes use of 'found sounds'. It consists of two instrumental tracks both of which are over 15 minutes long. The album peaked at no.71 in the UK albums chart.
 California Here I Come is a live album by jazz pianist Bill Evans. It was recorded in 1967 but not released on Verve until 1982 as a double LP. It peaked at #12 on the Billboard Jazz Album charts in 1983 and was reissued on CD in 2004.
 Collection is a greatest hits album by Tracy Chapman it features tracks from her first five studio albums. The tracks include her two U.S. Top Tens Fast Car and Give Me One Reason. Other charted singles on this album include Talkin' 'bout a Revolution Crossroads Telling Stories and Baby Can I Hold You.
 Sex Drugs and Rap N' Roll is the fourth release by the trip-hop/rap rock group Phunk Junkeez released on January 23 2001 on Trauma Records.
 The Konnectid Project Vol.1 is a compilation by rapper Suga Free. It's mainly produced by DJ Quik and features appearances of Mausberg DJ Quik Xzibit Kam Playa Hamm El DeBarge and others.
 Ford Two is an EP released in 2000 by the hip hop group Atmosphere. Ford Two is the second installment of the 2 x 12 Ford EP The first being Ford One.
 Ballads is an album by Canadian jazz pianist Paul Bley recorded in 1967 and released on the ECM label in 1971.
 Peace Bridge (2007) is the fourth album from John & Mary their first with the Valkyries.
 Crystal Lady is a second greatest hits album by Olivia Newton-John (the first was First Impressions) that was released in 1974.
 The Organizer is the fourth album Lester Bowie recorded for the Japanese DIW label and the first album by his New York Organ Ensemble. It was released in 1991 and features performances by Bowie Steve Turre Amina Claudine Myers James Carter Phillip Wilson and Famoudou Don Moye.
 The Generous Mr. Lovewell is the sixth studio album by Christian rock band MercyMe. Released in May 2010 the album is a concept record revolving around a fictional character 'Mr. Lovewell' and the overall theme of love. Produced by Brown Bannister and Dan Muckala the album met with positive critical and commercial reception.
 Mary's Voice is an album by The Music Tapes. Material from the album was previewed during the band's previous caroling tours. In the lead-up to the album Julian Koster held a Kickstarter campaign for a subsequent tour with rewards including signed copies/master copies of the album personalized messages and images and Koster's banjo used on previous albums most notably Neutral Milk Hotel's In The Aeroplane Over The Sea.
 Garcia Live Volume Two is an album by the Jerry Garcia Band. It was recorded live on August 5 1990 at the Greek Theatre in Berkeley California.
 Richard X Presents His X-Factor Vol. 1 is the debut compilation album by British pop producer Richard X. The album features 15 tracks all produced by Richard X most of which feature guest vocals.This album has been released with the Copy Control protection system in some regions.
 Pacific Trim is an EP released by indie rock group Pavement on January 23 1996 (see 1996 in music). It was recorded on short notice to coincide with the band's Australian tour. The recording features only Stephen Malkmus Bob Nastanovich and Steve West — the session had actually been booked for a Silver Jews recording but David Berman became unavailable at the last minute and the group couldn't afford to waste the studio time [1][2].
 Chasing the Sky is the second album by Canadian singer Amanda Stott. It was released by EMI Music Canada on March 8 2005.
 Revolution is a double disc album by trance DJ/producer DJ Tiësto released on May 7 2001. Disc one is labeled Darkside while the second CD is labeled Brightside.
 Debut EP from Canadian actor Tyler Kyte available online at places such as iTunes and silverbirchprod.com. CD cover simply says Tyler Kyte with his photo.
 Las Numero Uno (English: The Number One) is a compilation album by Banda El Recodo. The album contains the singles Me Gusta Todo De Ti and Te Pido Perdón (Banda Version). There are also many other singles from the band.
 Enigmata is an album composed by John Zorn and performed by Marc Ribot and Trevor Dunn which was released on Tzadik in 2011.
 Black Roulette is the second and final studio album by rapper DMG. It was released on January 28 2003 through Rap-a-Lot Records nearly ten years after his previous album Rigormortiz was released.
 Bring Me the Rest of Alfredo Garcia - Singles 1995-1996 was the first compilation album by The Flaming Stars.
 Toothbrush is a studio album by Dr. Dog. It was self-released in 2002 by Dr. Dog although the official release date and record label is speculated. Little is known on the official release and mass distributions of the album.Stylistically the evident roots of Dr. Dog's 60s pop style are apparent only presented in a lo-fi quality one that they are renowned for.
 A Day at the Pass finally captures an ongoing collaboration between Jill Sobule & John Doe. It was funded entirely by their fans & with an all-star band recorded live at The Pass studio on one fine day in Los Angeles.The CD version which features two extra tracks was sold exclusively as part of Record Store Day beginning April 16 2011.
 Good Riddance / Reliance is a split EP by the Santa Cruz California-based punk rock bands Good Riddance and Reliance released in 1996 through the Austin Texas label Little Deputy Records.
 Nai (English: Yes) is the name of a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi. It is her third studio album and includes the soundtrack of the TV series Methismeni Politeia. It was released in Greece and Cyprus in 1980 by EMI Greece. In 2006 a remastered version was released including the Greek participation song in the ESC 1980 Autostop featuring the Epikouri band as well as two remixes of the song Oso Eho Foni. The album reached gold status.
 ULYSSES is the 4th EP from Japanese singer Eiko Shimamiya and the first EP produced by I've Sound.
 Armed Forces is Elvis Costello's third album his second with the Attractions and the first to officially credit the Attractions on the cover. It was released in the UK by Radar Records and in the US by Columbia in 1979. The album had the working title Emotional Fascism.Initial pressings of the album in the UK and US included a promotional three-song single Live at Hollywood High which was recorded on 4 June 1978 (1978-06-04).
 Poèmes is a 2012 album of French songs sung by operatic soprano Renée Fleming. Ravel's Shéhérazade (1903) and Messiaen's Poèmes pour mi (1936) are followed by two sets of songs by Henri Dutilleux. Deux Sonnets de Jean Cassou and Le temps l'horloge were composed for Fleming. It won the 2013 Grammy Award for Best Classical Vocal Solo.
 Fēi mǐmǐ zhī yīn (Chinese: 菲靡靡之音 literally Faye Decadent Sound) sometimes translated as The Decadent Sound of Faye is a 1995 Mandarin album recorded by Chinese Cantopop singer Faye Wong when she was based in Hong Kong.
 Kardia Mou Min Anisiheis (Greek: Καρδιά Μου Μην Ανησυχείς English: Do not worry my heart) is an album by Antonis Remos. It was released in May 2002 and was the second best selling album of the year selling more than 120000 copies and was certified 3x Platinum. In Cyprus the album sold more than 12000 copies and was certified 2x Platinum.
 Infinite is the second studio album by Filipino singer Sam Concepcion. It was released on August 10 2013 under Universal Records. The album celebrates Concepcion's 10 years in the music industry. The first single No Limitations composed by international artist Billy Crawford was released on May 23 2013 at iTunes and MyMusicStore by which it became number one for five weeks in a row.
 Chariots of Fire is a 1981 musical score by Greek electronic composer Vangelis (credited as Vangelis Papathanassiou) for the British film Chariots of Fire which won four Academy Awards including Best Picture and Original Music Score.The album topped Billboard 200 for 4 weeks.
 Static on the Airwaves is the tenth studio album by folk-punk rock band The Levellers. The iTunes Deluxe Edition contains two bonus tracks and two videos.
 This is the soundtrack listing for Once in a Lifetime: The Extraordinary Story of the New York Cosmos a 2006 documentary about the New York Cosmos soccer team.The movie had more songs on it than represented here because not all songs used in the movie made it onto the soundtrack.The soundtrack includes hits from the Motown and Funk genres.
 La reine Margot – Soundtrack is an album by Goran Bregović with the music that he composed for the 1994 film La Reine Margot by Patrice Chéreau. Like most of Bregović's work the melodies in this soundtrack are heavily influenced by Balkan folk music tradition but he also refurbished and recycled some of his previous work while he was the frontman of Bijelo dugme one of the most influential Yugoslav rock bands of the 1970s and 1980s.
 Bona Drag is a compilation album by Morrissey released on 15 October 1990. The album features an array of Morrissey's most popular songs from his early solo career most of which had not been released on any previous album. The album name meaning nice outfit is an example of the subculture slang Polari explored further on the album's first track Piccadilly Palare. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA on 06/12/2000.
 Tanzen is the third extended play by Italian DJ Gigi D'Agostino released in 1999 through EMI / BXR Noise Maker records.
 Hi-Five Soup! is the fifth studio album from American band The Aquabats released on January 18 2011 by Fearless Records.
 Ebbhead is the fourth album of the British EBM group Nitzer Ebb. Co-produced by Depeche Mode's Alan Wilder in collaboration with Flood it was released by Mute Records on September 30 1991 (1991-09-30).
 Michi Madness (stylized as MiChi MadNesS) is the first album released by British-Japanese musician MiChi released on 27 June 2008. It was released on Mmm Records an independent record label. The album includes four cover songs originally by The Spice Girls Queen Des'ree and Fergie. Surrender was featured on a dance compilation album titled Freedom-House Mode Collection. The album peaked at number 142 on the Japanese Oricon charts and had a chart run of six weeks.
 Halcali Bacon (ハルカリベーコン) is the debut album released by Halcali. The album reached number five on the Oricon chart and stayed on the chart for a total of 21 weeks making it the first album by a female hip-hop artist to enter the top ten in Japanese history. Halcali's debut album featured many well-known Japanese hiphop producers as guests as well.
 Strength in Numbers is the seventh studio album by the southern rock band 38 Special released in 1986. This album was the last one to feature the founding member and co-frontman Don Barnes until he rejoined the band more than ten years later.
 Anastacia: Live at Last is a DVD collection from pop/rock music singer Anastacia released on March 27 2006. It is her first full live concert DVD. It includes footage from her Live at Last tour concerts in Berlin (Velodrom – October 24 2004) and Munich (Olympiahalle – October 26 2004). It does however omit one track that was performed One Day in Your Life that was usually performed by Anastacia with two members of the audience in a sing-off competition.
 The Man The Myth The Legacy is the second album from rapper Lord Infamous released on October 23 2007. It was his first solo album in over a decade. Pressured by a close friend and manager Roman White collaborations with LaChat and tracks produced by Jae Bino sparked the beginning of this project. Track 14 is the new version the original Yeah I'm Wit It featured Kingpin Skinny Pimp.
 Divine Madness is the 1992 greatest hits album from the British ska/pop band Madness.
 Bert And John is the fourth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch released in 1966. A number of songs are performed with friend and fellow guitarist John Renbourn who would later join him in the group Pentangle. An expanded version of the album was later released in America in 1969 by Vanguard as Stepping Stones. It featured two extra tracks It Don't Bother Me and My Lover.
 Q-Tee Spy is the second mini-album from the Japanese punk rock band 54 Nude Honeys released on May 5 1996 by Epic Sony/dohb Discs.
 Deep Blue Sea is the soundtrack to the 1999 science fiction horror film Deep Blue Sea. It was released on June 27 1999 through Warner Bros. Records and consisted of hip hop and R&B music. The soundtrack didn't find much success only making it to #55 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. The lone single was LL Cool J's Deepest Bluest but it was unsuccessful to make it to any Billboard charts.
 Dawn's New Ragtime Follies is a 1973 album by the American pop group Tony Orlando and Dawn. This release was a concept album that successfully combined Vaudevillian ragtime flavors with pop and disco music. With multi-generational appeal and aided by Tony Orlando & Dawn's highly successful weekly TV variety show on CBS DAWN'S NEW RAGTIME FOLLIES sold millions and became Tony Orlando & Dawn’s best selling LP.
 Rustic Houses Forlorn Valleys is the fourth full length records for the Leeds-based band Hood. The LP and CD versions were both released on Domino Records in 1998.
 Metal Generation: The Steeler Anthology was released by majestic rock records in 2005 as a compilation album of the US heavy metal band Steeler. The album was co-produced by a former band member Ron Keel as he believed there was a public desire for such an album (as he wrote on the album inserts). In the album unreleased live and single songs were added with a few of the songs of the band's only album Steeler.
 Tutankhamun is a 1969 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded for the Freedom label. It features performances by Lester Bowie Joseph Jarman Roscoe Mitchell and Malachi Favors Maghostut. It is subsequently viewed as one of AEOC's lesser works as incorporated in an Allmusic review by Scott Yanow who states Due to the weak opener and the LP-length playing time this is one of the Art Ensemble's lesser efforts despite The Ninth Room.
 Peoples Temple is the third studio album of the Italy-based musician Tying Tiffany. In 2011 the album was followed by the remix EP Peoples Temple Remix Edition.
 Phonography was the 1976 debut 12 vinyl record album by outsider musician and one-man band R. Stevie Moore.The album was originally privately pressed in a limited edition of 100 copies on the artist's private Vital Records label in Nashville Tennessee. It contains Moore's earliest songs and sound experiments all recorded on 1/4 track 7½ ips reel-to-reel stereo tape decks. A 7 e.p.
 You Broke My Heart So... I Busted Your Jaw is an album by Spooky Tooth first released in 1973 on Island Records. It was the first album to be released after the band reformed following its 1970 breakup. Founding guitarist Luther Grosvenor did not rejoin the band as he had joined Mott The Hoople as a guitarist adopting the stage name of Ariel Bender. Grosvenor was replaced by Mick Jones who later co-founded Foreigner.
 The Best is a compilation album by Bonnie Tyler released by Sony Music International. The album was released in 1993 and different versions were only released in France and the UK. The back cover art differs in each version while the front cover is identical.This compilation features another retrospective of Tyler's career.
 Dave van Ronk and the Hudson Dusters is a 1967 album featuring Dave Van Ronk.
 This Christmas Celebrate Me Home is a Christmas album by Beverley Mahood. It was released on November 4 2008.
 Ima Robot is the first full-length album by Ima Robot. It was released on Virgin Records in 2003.
 Schmack! is the debut album by New Zealand band Steriogram released in 2004. The album was re-released as a tour edition in 2005. The song Walkie Talkie Man featured on an Apple iPod ad and a number of films and video games and its video clip was nominated for a Grammy and four MTV music awards.To date more than 250000 copies of the album have been sold.One song White Trash had previously been released as a single in 2000.
 Solar is an album by jazz musician Red Garland recorded in 1962 and released the same year on Jazzland as JLP 73.
 Cipher Method is Negative Format's fourth CD. The album was built with complex beat and rhythm structures mixing Negative Format's trance melodies with dark atmospheric overtones and a mixture of vocoded and EBM vocal passages.[citation needed]
 Audit in Progress is the third and final studio album by the San Diego California rock band Hot Snakes released in 2004 by Swami Records. It was recorded in a similar manner to the band's previous two albums with guitarist John Reis taking time off from his main band Rocket From the Crypt. As a visual artist and illustrator singer/guitarist Rick Froberg provided the album's artwork while Reis released the album through his Swami Records label.
 Deejay Time is a DJ mix album released in 1984 mixed by Joe T. Vanelli though there is no mention that he mixed it on the cover. It was released by EMI in Italy only.Though 16 artists appear on the album the cover acreits the album to Duran Duran Kajagoogoo Talk Talk Classix Nouveaux Re-Flex Limahl Kim Wilde Gang of 4 Naked Eyes Soho and Zu Zu Sharks.
 Strays is the debut album by the Canadian rock band Junkhouse. It is the band's best-selling album being certified Gold in Canada for selling 50000 copies.This album was also released in Japan.
 Get Over It! is the second full-length album by Care Bears on Fire released on S-Curve Records on July 14 2009. While the band wrote most of the material themselves they collaborated with Fountains of Wayne's Adam Schlesinger and Travis Clark of We The Kings on a handful of songs.
 Winning Days is the second studio album by Australian alternative rock band The Vines following their debut Highly Evolved and was released on 23 March 2004. The enhanced CD has the music video for Ride. Winning Days was recorded in the summer of 2003 at Bearsville Studios in New York and was assisted by Bill Synans.
 Tsunami is an album released in 1999. It contains ten tracks picked by Tsunami Tranceport and was released under the Kinetic Label.
 Til My Casket Drops is the fifth studio album by American rapper C-Bo released February 24 1998 on AWOL Records. The album was produced by C-Bo DJ Daryl Mike Mosley One Drop Scott and Rick Rock. It peaked at number 4 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 41 on the Billboard 200. Along with a single a music video was produced for the song Money by the Ton featuring Mississippi.
 100 Days (Chinese: 100 天) is Singaporean Mandopop Singer-songwriter JJ Lin's seventh Mandarin studio album. It was released on 18 December 2009 by the Ocean Butterflies Music and distributed by Avex Taiwan.In early 2009 during a concert in Beijing JJ suffered vocal cord injuries and had to receive treatment in hospital. He recalled how depressed he felt one night during his hospital stay: At the time I felt it was the end of the world and thought I could never sing again.
 The Nashville String Band is an album by The Nashville String Band. The band consisted of Chet Atkins and Homer and Jethro. Chet produced many of Homer & Jethro's later RCA albums and they in turn performed on a number of his.They released 6 albums on the RCA label.
 The Lizzie McGuire Movie is a soundtrack album from the film of the same name released on April 22 2003.It is mostly composed of songs from or inspired by the 2003 film The Lizzie McGuire Movie including Hilary Duff's Why Not and sister Haylie's Girl in the Band. Why Not was released as a single outside the United States on June 23 2003 and later included on Hilary Duff's second album Metamorphosis with different lyrics in the first verse.
 Herbstleyd (Autumn Suffering) is the debut studio album of the black metal band Nargaroth. It was released through No Colours Records in December 1998.
 Into Somethin' is a 1965 album by jazz organist Larry Young. It is Young's debut for Blue Note records featuring Grant Green and Elvin Jones with both of whom he had previously recorded under Green's name. Also present is Sam Rivers on tenor saxophone.
 Another World is the second full studio album delivered by Queen guitarist Brian May. Recorded at his home studio after the completion of the last Queen album Made in Heaven the album was released in the UK on 1 June 1998 and on 15 September of that year in the US. The album itself started as a cover album. The Heroes concept was to record his favourite tracks from his favourite artists but the idea soon mutated into a full album.
 The Half Tail is the fourth album by Scottish Celtic rock group Wolfstone. It was released in 1996.It was released in August 1996 first in limited quantities on 6 August followed by a wider release on 26 August. A promo poster for 26 August was distributed.Reviews were positive for the album.
 Any Day Now is the eighth studio album by the American solo artist Scott Walker. It was released in May 1973 but failed to chart. The Me I Never Knew was released as the album's sole single backed with the The Moviegoer opening track; This Way Mary. The album was also the final Walker studio album from Philips Records and he later signed with CBS Records (now Columbia).
 V-sit is the 2nd album by Masami Okui released on September 21 1996.
 Universal Truths and Cycles is the thirteenth (official) album by Dayton Ohio indie rock group Guided by Voices. After releasing their previous two albums on TVT Records Guided by Voices returned to Matador Records.This was the highest charting Guided by Voices album at the time of release. It peaked at #160 on the Billboard Top 200 #10 on the Independent Albums list and in the best chart performance of their career #3 on the Top Heatseekers chart [1].
 Caught Live! is a live album by American all-female heavy metal band Phantom Blue.The set list consists mainly of songs from Built to Perform and Prime Cuts & Glazed Donuts. Going Mad is the only song from the band's self-titled debut album on the list. Also included is a cover of the Janis Joplin song Move Over and the previously unreleased song Bleeding from Nowhere.
 The Barrio Raid EP was released exclusively in Japan. The EP contains six tracks: tracks only appearing in special versions of their debut album Lost Angel and one track from the soundtrack album Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life Soundtrack.
 Neil Young: Silver & Gold is a live video by Neil Young performing solo on acoustic guitar and piano. All but the last song were performed at Austin Texas' Bass Concert Hall during his 1999 solo acoustic tour.
 Playlist: The Very Best of Jessica Simpson is the first greatest hits album of American singer Jessica Simpson. It was released on October 12 2010 by Epic Records and Legacy Recordings.
 Complete Songs & Poems is a compilation album of all the songs from J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings set to music by The Tolkien Ensemble. The album's four CDs rearrange the placement of the 69 songs that had previously been released on individual albums so they now appear in the same order as in the book.
 Obadiah Parker Live (2007) is the debut album by Obadiah Parker.
 Heat In The Street is a rock album by the Pat Travers Band. It was released in 1978 on Polydor Records.It is the first to feature the most popular of Travers' band lineups Travers on guitar Peter Mars Cowling on bass Pat Thrall also on Guitar and Tommy Aldridge on drums.
 Vida Nueva is a studio album released in 1988 by the Mexican group Los Freddy's.
 Zohar is an album by the Mystic Fugu Orchestra (John Zorn (as Rav Tzizit) and Yamataka Eye (as Rav Yechida) who perform a range of music inspired by historical recordings of ancient Judaica. To simulate the antiquity of these recordings a heavy layer of surface noise was overlaid on the music to represent the playing quality of a 78 rpm gramophone record.
 Live at La Paloma is a live album by the band Spirit. Eleven of the 16 tracks were recorded on October 16 1993 at the La Paloma Theater in Encinitas California.
 13 Flavours Of Doom is the eighth album from Canadian hardcore punk band D.O.A.. It was released in 1992 on band member Joe Keithley's own record label Sudden Death Records and also in the UK on Alternative Tentacles. In spite of its title the album actually had fourteen tracks – the last one not being numbered on the CD inlay.
 Americana Master Series: Best of the Sugar Hill Years is the title of a recording by American folk music and country blues artist Doc Watson released in 2008.
 Give You My World is the first album recorded and released independently by Phil Wickham. Produced by Wickham and his father and recorded in a small home studio. The album gained popularity quickly especially in the Calvary Chapel affiliation. Give You My World has two songs that have been recorded on other projects by Wickham. Jesus Lord Of Heaven was also featured on the album Worship Generation as well as Wickham's second major release Cannons which also revisits the song Shining.
 Hope released in September 1977 is the second album by the Canadian progressive rock group Klaatu. It is a concept album recorded with the London Symphony Orchestra about the sole survivor of an arrogant race of beings who warns space travellers of hazards in the last days of his life.Many fans and critics consider Hope to be the most creative of the Klaatu albums.
 Club Test 01 is Bloom 06's first EP released on November 28 2008 in Italy. Other release dates have yet to be announced. This EP includes 4 tracks consisting of remixes of four tracks from Crash Test 02. The first track is the album mix of Between the Lines. Following is a re-imagined version of the group's previous hit Blue (Da Ba Dee) then an English version and remix of Un'altra Come Te. Ending the EP is a remix of Welcome to the Zoo yet to be released for preview.
 New Detention is an album by Australian rock band Grinspoon. It was released on 3 June 2002. It peaked at #2 on the ARIA album charts. The album spawned four singles: Chemical Heart Lost Control No Reason and 1000 Miles.
 Sweet Deceiver is the sixth studio album by Kevin Ayers and his last for Island Records. By 1975 Kevin Ayers had joined the roster of Elton John’s manager and partner John Reid who put considerable energy into turning him into a mainstream artist booking him appearances on early morning children's TV shows.
 Midnight Moods is a Jazz album by Bucky Pizzarelli recorded in 1960 on the Savoy label.
 Exploded Drawing is Polvo's third studio album. It was engineered by Bob Weston and released as a CD and double-LP on Touch and Go Records in 1996.
 Procapitalist is the second album by Minimum Serious. It was released on 2002 with One The Ring Records.
 The Emboldened Navigator is an EP containing what is notable as the earliest recorded material from Frog Eyes. The line-up is Carey Mercer Melanie Campbell Michael Rak and Spencer Krug. All four songs have been released as bonus tracks to the 2006 reissue of The Golden River some under different titles.
 David Byrne Live at Union Chapel is a DVD of a live performance by David Byrne released on October 26 2004.
 Monk's Music is a 1957 album by Thelonious Monk's jazz septet. It was recorded in New York on June 26 1957. The first song Abide With Me—a hymn by W. H. Monk—is an austere rendition played only by the septet's horn section. The song Ruby My Dear is performed only by Monk Coleman Hawkins Wilbur Ware and Art Blakey.
 Simon Says is the first album by American bubblegum pop group the 1910 Fruitgum Company on the Buddah Records label. Released in 1968 it included two songs that appeared on the Billboard Top 100—the most from any of the group's albums—although it was not their highest-charting album.
 Jazz Samba Encore! is a bossa nova album by Stan Getz and Luiz Bonfá released on the Verve label. It is bossa nova in a slower groove. It contains a mix of Jobim standards as well as originals from Bonfá. Performers also include Antonio Carlos Jobim and vocalist Maria Toledo Bonfá's wife. Some songs are more subdued in tone while other performances notably O Morro Não Tem Vez featuring a blistering solo from Getz are louder and quite upbeat.
 Face the Nation is the third and final album by hip-hop duo Kid 'n Play. It was released on September 24 1991 on Select Records and produced by Eric Quicksilver Johnson Christopher Play Martin Pete Rock and Hurby Luv Bug. This title of the last album was inspired by the CBS Sunday morning talk show of the same name which starred television journalist Bob Schieffer.
 Three Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is the fourth album released by Béla Fleck and the Flecktones released in 1993. It is the band's only release as a trio after the departure of Howard Levy but before the arrival of Jeff Coffin.
 If I Were President: My Haitian Experience is a 2010 Political Hip-Hop EP released by Haitian singer/songwriter Wyclef Jean. The EP was released exclusively via iTunes on December 3 2010.
 The Ungovernable Force is an album by the British punk rock band Conflict. It was released in 1986 by Mortarhate Records. Considered by many in the punk rock community to be the band's most coherent and complete representation of their politics and aesthetic it has become an enduring classic in anarchist punk music culture.
 Chippin' In is an album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers recorded in 1990 and released on the Dutch Timeless label.
 On The Wings was a 1973 album released by Socrates Drank The Conium. It features a heavier sound than the previous records reminiscent of that of 70s bands such as Led Zeppelin and progressive Black Sabbath. They did not lose their blues roots however as evidenced by such tracks as This Is The Rats.For the recording of this album Socrates Drank The Conium recruited a second guitarist in addition to Yannis Spathas. His name was Gus Doukakis.
 Dub Sessions is a remix album by reggae band UB40 released in December 2007 as a download album and also available to buy on CD at concerts. The album features 7 stripped down dub versions of songs from the subsequent regular UB40 release TwentyFourSeven and 3 original dub tracks.
 A Static Lullaby is the third album by post-hardcore band A Static Lullaby released October 10 2006 on Fearless Records. This is the first release after the departure of three members of the band's original lineup.This is also the only album to feature Jarrod Alexander (Drums) and John Martinez (Guitar/Vocals).
 In Search of Truth is the third album by Swedish progressive metal band Evergrey. The album is a concept album dealing with alien abductions primarily based on and inspired by the allegedly factual account of alien abduction victim Whitley Strieber's book Communion. Since the album's release it has been critically acclaimed and is generally considered to be the band's magnum opus.[citation needed]
 Life Starts Here is the second and last album by the Airport 5 released in 2002.
 Pigeons is second album from Brooklyn-based indie rock band Here We Go Magic and was released via Secretly Canadian in June 2010.
 Out Alive is the second EP released by the post-hardcore/hard rock band Lorene Drive released in the United States on January 1 2008 through Lobster Records shortly before they went on hiatus.
 Water Curses is an EP by Animal Collective released in May 2008 on compact disc. 12 vinyl format was released on June 3. The first three tracks were recorded during the band's Strawberry Jam sessions in January 2007 and were produced by Scott Colburn. The EP's fourth and final track Seal Eyeing was recorded at Nicholas Vernhes' Rare Book Room Studio in Brooklyn New York. Vernhes was also charged with the mixing duties for all four tracks.
 Rhapsody Originals is a 2007 EP by Brandi Carlile featuring live version of four songs from her previous full-length album The Story.
 Sangue Puro is the third album by the band Les Georges Leningrad. It was released in 2006 on Tomlab. The title Sangue Puro is Italian for Pure Blood.
 K.K. Works 1998-2000 is a compilation of tracks by Kahimi Karie recorded in the title years. It was issued in 2001 by the Japanese major label Polydor.The songs are from the full-length albums K.K.K.K.K. and Tilt and the EPs Journey To The Centre To Me and Once Upon A Time (collaborations with Momus and The Olivia Tremor Control respectively). The version of Momus' Pygmalism found on the K.K. Works album is taken from a remix CD issued with the rare multi-media collector's item K.K.
 History: Alisa Mizuki Complete Single Collection is the fourth compilation album by Japanese recording artist Alisa Mizuki released through Avex Tune on March 10 2004. The dual-disc set comprises all of Mizuki's singles from 1991 to 2004 as well as the two singles released under different alliases. The album included one new track Sky produced by Incognito's Jean-Paul 'Bluey' Maunick.
 Scream Out Your Name to the Night is Behind Crimson Eyes' first compilation containing the tracks from their Demos and EPs. It was last release with Steve and Josh Stuart and Raju.
 Crooklyn is the title of the soundtrack to the 1994 Spike Lee film of the same name. The soundtrack was released in 1995 on MCA Records in two separate volumes. The soundtrack albums feature music that was popular during the 1970s two exceptions being Crooklyn by The Crooklyn Dodgers and People Make the World Go Round by Marc Dorsey both of which were recorded specifically for the film.
 Stupid Things is an EP by Yo La Tengo released in 2012 on Matador Records. The title track is from the album Fade.It was released as MP3 and FLAC downloads and as a limited edition run of 1500 copies in 45 RPM 12 vinyl.The remix track was by EYE of the Boredoms.
 In a Minor Groove (also released as Dorothy Ashby Plays for Beautiful People) is an album by jazz harpist Dorothy Ashby recorded in 1958 and released on the New Jazz label.
 Contakt is the fifth studio album by the Norwegian urban music duo Madcon. It was released on 21 June 2012. The album entered the Norwegian Albums Chart at number 18.
 Pozitivna geografija (trans. Positive Geography) is the 1984 debut album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Bajaga i Instruktori released in 1984.
 Superstar Hits is a compilation album released in 2004 by Walt Disney Records. It features covers of songs from popular Disney movies by mainstream artists like Celine Dion Tina Turner and Christina Aguilera.
 These Things Move in Threes is the first and only album from indie rock band Mumm-Ra released on 28 May 2007 and leaked onto the internet on the 17 May. Before the release of the album three songs were taken as singles whilst Song B was released on the EP Black Hurts Day and the Night Rolls On and had a music video created.
 Australia Tour EP 2002 is an EP released by The Pernice Brothers consisting of reworked stripped-down [1] versions of songs from the band's first two albums (Overcome by Happiness and The World Won't End). The songs were recorded during an Australian tour in January 2002. The track listing on the CD release is incorrect with All I Know listed as track 2 and Flaming Wreck listed as track 3. The correct track listing is below.
 Long Way Home is an album by Australian country musician Troy Cassar-Daley released on 27 May 2002.
 Wonderful Life is the debut album of English singer Black released on August 31 1987. It peaked at #3 on the UK Albums Chart in September of that year.
 nakitakunalu is Yuki Uchida's fifth album (including one EP) released in Japan on 10 October 1996 on King Records label (reference: KICS-600). It charted n°18 on Oricon charts.
 North West East South is the fifth EP album by American ambient band Hammock. It was released on May 18 2010 by the band's own label Hammock Music exclusively in physical form as part of the sold-out North West East South photobook package.
 West Meets East is an album by American violinist Yehudi Menuhin and Indian sitar virtuoso Ravi Shankar released in 1966. It was recorded following their successful duet in June 1966 at the Bath Musical Festival where they had played some of the same material.West Meets East won the 1967 Grammy Award for Best Chamber Music Performance the first time that an Asian musician had won a Grammy.
 This Time is a blues album by Robert Cray. It was released on August 11 2009 through Vanguard Records and Nozzle Records. It is his first studio album in four years also featuring a reconstructed line-up. The Robert Cray band toured in the United States supporting the album. They appeared on the Late Show with David Letterman on August 18 2009 promoting the album and played the song Trouble and Pain
 Bite the Bullet is the fourth EP released by the band Black Tide. It is scheduled to be released in the fall of 2013 under the label InnerCat Music Group. The EP was produced & engineered by Mariano Aponte. This is the first release without drummer Steven Spence. The first single titled Not Afraid was released on August 31.
 Ruin a Good Time is the second full-length studio album from New York hardcore punk band Awkward Thought. It was released in March 2003 on Thorp Records.
 Adimi Kalbine Yaz (English: Write My name Across Your heart) is Turkish pop singer Tarkan's eighth studio album(maxi-single) and was released on 29 July 2010 in Turkey. Album was published in Turkiye. The album sold more than 300000 copies in the first week of its release and received the best album of the year award from Kral TV Music Awards.[citation needed]
 Jazz Time is a studio album released by Red Nichols and his Five Pennies in 1950 on Capitol 10-inch LP record H 215. It was also released as 45rpm set EBF-215. The album features traditional jazz or as one review put it dixieland madness.
 Un Año De Conciertos is a VHS video from the Mexican singer Luis Miguel. It was recorded in 1989 during the presentations of the artist by various places in Mexico after the release of his last album (at that time) Busca Una Mujer.This video records (as the same title and an explanation in the video by Luis Miguel) one year of presentations. The video contains around 80 minutes of the concerts and the other 5 minutes include an interview that Luis Miguel made specially for the video.
 Strong Hand of Love: A Tribute to Mark Heard is a compilation of songs by various artists in tribute to songwriter Mark Heard. Recorded and released in 1994 after Heard's death in 1992. Proceeds benefit the Heard Family Fund. In 1996 most of these tracks and many more were rereleased as the 2 CD Orphans of God.
 Sex & Hollywood was to be the rock band Black Veil Brides's first release. This recording was made in 2007 for a local producer called California DGK Studios which recorded and edited the EP and released it on August 25 2007 in the U.S. only. The official track listing was revealed via MySpace on August 1. None of the band members save for Andy Biersack appear after this release.
 Introducing Joss Stone (styled as Introducing... Joss Stone) is the third studio album by English recording artist Joss Stone. It was released in the United Kingdom on 12 March 2007 by Relentless Records. While not as commercially successful as Stone's previous albums in her native UK Introducing Joss Stone debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200 selling 118000 units in its opening week yielding the second-ever highest debut for a British female solo artist on the chart.
 When I Said I Wanted to Be Your Dog is a 2004 album by Swedish singer-songwriter Jens Lekman. His first full-length the album was released on both Service and Secretly Canadian.
 Ancient Spirit Rising is the fifth album by Domine. It was recorded in	January 2007 and released under Japanese label Avalon in February 2007.
 Home Is the Essence of Christmas is a Christmas album by American R&B singer Joe released on November 3 2009.The album features 10 songs including album Make Sure You're Home for Christmas's 6 songs it including two Joe originals (It Ain't Christmas Make Sure You're Home).It was recorded and mixed by veteran producer/engineer Gene Lennon in Joshua Thompson’s studios in New Jersey.
 Revelations is the fifth full-length studio album by the Futurepop band mind.in.a.box released on January 20 2012 on Dreamweb Music and again January 24 2012 on Metropolis Records. In preparation for the album release a video containing snippets from each song of the album was released on mind.in.a.box's Facebook page. An EP titled Revelations Club Mixes was released on March 9 2012.
 We R Are Why is an Autechre promotional recording released by mail-order and available at some concerts by Warp Records in 1996. It was written and produced by Rob Brown and Sean Booth.Sean Booth:we r are why were the first two tracks we did on the ry30they're both entirely done in the ry30 – with a bit of fx on the diff channels maybe can't rem
 Eat or Die is a 1994 split album by California punk rock bands Bad Religion and NOFX.
 Aurora is the second full length album released by Nico Touches the Walls in Japan on November 25 2009 through Ki/oon Records. The album features all three songs from their previous singles: Kakera -Subete no Omoitachi he-  Big Foot and including the opening song to Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood Hologram.
 Return of the Champions is a double live album by English rock band Queen + Paul Rodgers. It was recorded in May 2005 during the Queen + Paul Rodgers Tour at the Hallam FM Arena in Sheffield England (except for Imagine which was performed in Hyde Park London immediately after that year's terrorist attack) and released on 19 September 2005. A companion DVD was released in October directed by David Mallet.
 Erotica is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna released on October 21 1992 by Maverick Records. The album and Madonna's first book publication Sex a coffee-table book containing explicit photographs featuring the singer released simultaneously with Erotica mark Madonna's first release with Maverick her own multi-media entertainment company which consisted of a record and film production companies.
 Disrupt Degrade & Devastate is a 1999 EP released by Raymond Watts (as PIG). It features two new tracks Disrupt Degrade & Devastate and Flesh Fest as well as a remix of each track and live versions of the songs Everything and The Only Good One's a Dead One both from Wrecked.
 Lovely to See You: Live is a two-disc live album by The Moody Blues. Released on 15 November 2005 Lovely to See You: Live was recorded at a performance at the Greek Theater in Los Angeles California. The album is named after The Moody Blues song Lovely to See You from their 1969 album On the Threshold of a Dream.
 One Sock Missing is the second album from the Grifters released in 1993 on Shangri-La Records. Certainly the most low-key (if not lo-fi) of the Grifters' early records 1993's One Sock Missing is less noisy and aggressive than its immediate predecessor So Happy Together [1] One Sock Missing signals the direction and sound the band would work on throughout their career [2].
 Small Acts of Love and Rebellion is the debut album by Canadian punk rock band Painted Thin. It was released in 1995 as a split album with John K. Samson's Little Pictures. It was one of G7 Welcoming Committee's first releases in a PET film pouch. In 2006 both Little Pictures and Small Acts of Love and Rebellion were rereleased separately by G7 in mp3 format on their website and the iTunes Music Store.
 Black Rainbows is the fourth solo album by the English singer-songwriter Brett Anderson released on 26 September 2011.Anderson has stated that Black Rainbows will be restless noisy and dynamic. and described it as a return to the rock band format.Critically the album was a major improvement than previous records as it garnered generally favourable reviews from critics scoring 64 based on 13 critics at aggregator website Metacritic.
 The Best of Pigface Preaching to the Perverted is a 2 disc Greatest Hits album released in 2001 by Pigface.
 Killing Heidi is the third album by Australian rock band Killing Heidi released by Columbia Records in Australia on 30 August 2004 (see 2004 in music). It was the band's first album without their producer Paul Kosky — who worked on their previous albums and has a more sophisticated and grittier feel to it with the lead singer Ella Hooper stating that releasing the album is just like a re-launch.
 Backstreet Boys is the self-titled debut U.S. studio album by the vocal-pop group Backstreet Boys. The release of this album coincided with the release of their second international album Backstreet's Back. Their international debut album released in 1996 was also titled Backstreet Boys but it was not released in the United States. This second self-titled album was released only in the United States in 1997 making it their debut album in the country.
 Build Your Own Bazooka Tooth is an compilation album by Aesop Rock an American hip hop musician.
 Stone Age is a compilation by The Rolling Stones released on the Decca label in 1971. It reached #4 on the UK charts.[citation needed]The Stones were strongly against this release. In full page ads in Record Mirror and NME on 20 March 1971 they stated We didn't know this record was going to be released.
 Gold is a compilation album by Steely Dan released in 1982. It mostly comprises hits both post-dating and not included on their 1978 Greatest Hits essentially acting as Volume 2; it also features additional album tracks offering a broad perspective on the band's career to that point.Seven of the tracks are from five of the band's albums from 1973 to 1980; it also includes the non-album single FM (No Static at All) (from the soundtrack to the 1978 film FM).
 Sounds from Rikers Island is an album by jazz pianist Elmo Hope recorded in 1963 for the Audio Fidelity label.
 The Autumn Effect is the third studio album by the Tennessee rock band 10 Years. Produced by Josh Abraham released on August 16 2005 through Universal Records and Republic Records. Featured on the album is the popular modern rock track Wasteland and two other singles Through the Iris and Waking Up.
 Live was the first official live and overall sixth album by the British band Happy Mondays recorded live at Elland Road stadium Leeds England on 1 June 1991.Many bootleg recordings of Happy Mondays were coming out at the time.
 Modey Lemon is the eponymous debut of American rock band Modey Lemon. It was recorded and released before Jason Kirker joined the band.
 Under the Influence of Bad People is an album by Screw 32 released in 1997 on Fat Wreck Chords.
 Ænigma Mystica is the tenth studio album studio from French death metal act Misanthrope. It comes in a regular version exlcusively in French and a two disk deluxe edition with the French disk English versions of chosen tracks as well as other re-recorded songs from past albums.
 Carrying The tune is a Celtic album by Kevin Crawford. It was released in 2012 on BallyO Records and is Kevin's third solo release. The tracks on this album feature Kevin playing the flute and whistle and accompanied by guitar bouzouki and bodhrán.
 Te daré lo mejor recorded live in the city of Tijuana Baja California Mexico is the fifth praise and worship album record by Jesús Adrián Romero. The album was performed in an auditorium with more than 3000 fans on November 20 2004.
 'Awakening' is an album by The Pharaohs which was originally released in 1972 on Scarab Records Chicago.It was reissued by Luv N' Haight Records in 1996.
 Alive Alive-O is a double album by the Irish Folk Group The Dubliners which was recorded live throughout several Evenings in December 1996 in Germany at the end of their European tour.After the departure of Ronnie Drew The Dubliners were joined by the famous Irish singer Paddy Reilly who lends his voice to several ballads on the album.John Sheahan's daughter Ceoladh guests with her father duetting on fiddle with him on his composition Among Friends.The album is notable for some mixed German-English song introductions by Sean Cannon causing widespread laughter among the audience.
 Do Not Ignore the Potential is a split LP release by Los Angeles-based experimental punk band The Mae Shi and Indiana-based indie rock band Rapider Than Horsepower.
 He Thinks He's Ray Stevens was Ray Stevens' twenty-first studio album and his first for MCA Records released in 1984. The front of the album cover shows Stevens spoofing French emperor Napoleon Bonaparte.The track Mississippi Squirrel Revival is the only Top 40 single from this album reaching No. 20 on Hot Country Singles (now Hot Country Songs) in early 1985.
 Blue Hawaii is the fifth studio album by Filipino singer-actress Nora Aunor released in 1971 and 14th album since 1967. This was by Alpha Records Corporation in the Philippines in LP format and later released in 1999 in a compilation/ cd format.
 Mercury is the first full-length and currently the only studio album by the British indie rock band Longview.
 Enregistreur is an album by Montreal based band Exhaust. It was released in 2002 on Constellation Records.
 Free Again is the fourth album by Lou Bega released on May 21 2010 in Germany Austria and Switzerland. It has been since been released in other countries.
 17 Songs is an album by The Wallets. 895 CDs were sold.Songs were originally released on Take It Totally Nude and Catch a Falling Star.
 Live Wired is an album by Vancouver industrial band Front Line Assembly released in 1996. A box set including the 2CD plus a VHS with all of FLA's video clips to date (except Mindphaser and Body Count) and a live concert video (from the show in Chemnitz 1995 different from the one on CD) was released at the same time.
 Metal is the debut EP by heavy metal band Newsted. The band was formed by American bassist Jason Newsted in 2012. The EP was released on January 8 2013 under Newsted's own record label Chophouse Records. The EP was recorded at the Creation Lab studio in Turlock California.
 Sam's Town is the second studio album by American rock band The Killers released on October 2 2006 in the United Kingdom and the following day in the United States. Regarding the album vocalist and primary lyricist Brandon Flowers noted that he wanted to create an album that captured chronologically everything important that got me to where I am today. Sam's Town is estimated to have sold over 5 million copies worldwide to date.
 Christmas Wishes is a studio album by Canadian country pop artist Anne Murray. It was released by Capitol Records in 1981. The album peaked at number 34 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Disappear Here is an album by Los Angeles hip-hop group LA Symphony.
 Once Upon a Time is the fifth studio album by the British band Dreadzone. It was released in 2005 on Functional Records.
 Noi (Spanish: Somos) is the twelfth studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Eros Ramazzotti released on 13 November 2012 by Universal Music. The album produced by Ramazzotti and Luca Chiaravalli was preceded by the single Un angelo disteso al sole released on 12 October 2012.
 The Complete Copenhagen Concert is a 1961 album by jazz musician John Coltrane. It was recorded November 20 1961 in Copenhagen Denmark.
 Hall of Fame is a live album by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues. It was recorded at a concert performed at the Royal Albert Hall which included backing by a live orchestra. The album was released on 8 August 2000.
 Mark Abis is a British singer-songwriter and musician. His album Changing Inside produced by Eg White was released on 13 June 2005 on the Serpent label.Record producer Joe Boyd became interested in the album and reviewed it saying: 'Going back to the mid-Sixties I have heard more than any one man's share of singer-songwriter's. So it takes a lot to get my attention.
 The Massacre is the second studio album by American rapper 50 Cent released March 3 2005 on Aftermath Entertainment Shady Records and Interscope Records in the United States. Its initially planned release was pushed five days ahead to avoid Internet leakage. The album debuted at number one on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart selling over 1.14 million copies in its first week. Upon its release The Massacre received generally positive reviews from most music critics.
 Disneymania 4 is the fourth in the Disneymania series. This is the second Disneymania album with the Disney Channel Circle of Stars (though the album just calls them Disney Channel Stars) with a few additions such as Dylan and Cole Sprouse from The Suite Life of Zack & Cody. Other artists include Jonas Brothers Teddy Geiger and B5.
 In a Groove is the second studio album (in the U.S) by singer/songwriter Jonny Blu released in the United States on 21 July 2008 by Dao Feng Music and Sound Cubed Studios. It is an EP of original compositions by Jonny Blu.
 Drawn Inward is an album by British saxophonist and improvisor Evan Parker's Electro-Acoustic Ensemble recorded in 1998 and released on the ECM label.
 Night Life is the fourth album by guitarist Billy Butler which was recorded in 1971 and released on the Prestige label. The album was released on CD combined with Butler's debut album This Is Billy Butler! as Billy Butler: Legends of Acid Jazz in 1998 but confusingly was not part the CD release also titled Night Life which compiled Butler's other two albums for Prestige Guitar Soul! and Yesterday Today & Tomorrow.
 New York Undercover: A Night at Natalie's is the second and final soundtrack to the Fox television series New York Undercover. It was released on January 13 1998 through MCA Records and consisted entirely of contemporary R&B. The soundtrack reached number 75 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart in the US.
 3rd ~Love Escalation!~ (3rd～LOVEエスカレーション!～ Sādo ~Rabu Esukarēshon~) is the third album from the Japanese girl idol group Cute. It was released in regular and limited editions on March 12 2008 on the Zetima Records label.
 Shake It Up: Break It Down (known as Shake It Up: Dance Dance in European countries ) is the debut soundtrack from the Disney Channel original series Shake It Up. It was released on July 12 2011 as a 2 Disc CD + DVD combo with the DVD showing the dance steps. It has peaked at number 22 on the US Billboard 200 and topped the US Billboard Top Soundtracks and the US Billboard Kid Albums. Elsewhere it has peaked at number 65 in Mexico.
 Drama is the debut full length album of Swedish indie pop musician Montt Mardié. It was released on November 7 2005 by the Swedish record label Hybris. The album is very pop oriented allowing many different tempos and styles to be placed next to one another. References to a girl named Annie are made throughout in more than five of the albums twelve songs.
 Get Away Clean is the debut album by Master P released on February 11 1991 through No Limit Records. Master P sold this album from the trunk of his car around Richmond California.
 More Than I Asked For: Celebrating Christmas with Joy Williams is the first holiday-themed release from musician Joy Williams. It was released on November 23 2009.
 Sacred is the Los Lonely Boys' fourth album and their second studio set released on July 18 2006. The original title of the album as shown on the Diamonds single printed materials was to be Òralé. Diamonds a revised version of the same song from the 1997 album was the first single to be released on May 8 2006. This was followed by the single release of My Way.The album features a fuller sound than the earlier album primarily due to extra instruments.
 Steppin' Out! is the debut album by American saxophonist Harold Vick recorded in 1963 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Maestro Semester One is an album by Franciscus Henri. It was released in 2004 by Music Makers.
 Howlin Rain is the eponymous debut album by Howlin' Rain. It was released in 2006 on the Birdman Records label.
 8:30 is an album by the jazz fusion group Weather Report. It was recorded live except for tracks 10-13 which were studio recorded. Among other titles it features a live version of the group's signature piece Birdland. The album won a Grammy Award for Best Jazz Fusion Performance.
 In and of the Self is the debut album by Canadian metalcore band Buried Inside. It was released on Matlock Records in 1999.
 In The Beginning is a compilation by death metal band Nile which combines their two EPs Ramses Bringer of War and Festivals of Atonement in their entirety. It was released in 2000.Festivals of Atonement was released on LP format on February 10th 1995 through their own label Anubis Records. Ramses Bringer of War was released as a cassette demo on November 19th 1996 on the same label and later in 1997 on CD and CS formats through Visceral Records.Tracks 1-5 from Festivals of Atonement.
 Heartbreak on Hold is the second studio album by British recording artist Alexandra Burke. It was released on 4 June 2012 through RCA Records and Syco Music. Recording for the album started in late 2010 and finished in early 2012. Burke collaborated with a wide range of producers for the album many of whom are noted for their distinct dance and house music influences including Erick Morillo and DJ Smash. The album suffered a long series of delays to its release date.
 In Evening Air is the second album by synthpop band Future Islands. The album was released on 4 May 2010 on Thrill Jockey records.
 Live in Concert 1979 is the title of a video by French singer Amanda Lear first released in 1980.
 Billy Preston (sometimes referred to Do What You Want) is the eleventh studio album by Billy Preston released in 1976. The title song is a remake of the 1969 original from That's the Way God Planned It.
 No Covers is the seventh full length album by American band Hayseed Dixie released in February 2008. As the album name suggests it contains none of the cover versions of songs for which the band is commonly known and as such it is their first album to consist entirely of original material.
 4+1 Ensemble is an album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz recorded in 1996 and released on the German Intuition label. The name of the group refers to its membership: four men playing standard musical instruments plus an additional person processing their performances with various electronic effects in real-time.
 Little Buildings is a compilation album by Gentleman Reg released on November 11 2008. His first release for the Arts & Crafts record label it compiles several tracks from his earlier albums on Three Gut Records as well as one unreleased new song Something to Live For. The album is intended principally for the American market where his earlier albums were not widely distributed.His fourth studio album Jet Black followed in February 2009 on Arts & Crafts.
 Doin' My Thing is the second studio album by American country music singer Luke Bryan. It was released on October 6 2009 via Capitol Records Nashville. The album includes the singles Do I which peaked at number 2 on the U.S.
 Beside You: 30 Years of Hits is a 2009 greatest hits album by New Zealand singer-songwriter Dave Dobbyn. The album debuted at number 4 on the New Zealand Music Charts.
 All Souls Midnight is the unreleased album by singer Midnight.
 And the Weathermen Shrug Their Shoulders is the second of two albums by Dutch punk band The Ex in collaboration with avant-garde cellist Tom Cora.
 This article describes the 25th album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 25 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 25 or Now 25 was released in 1993 on vinyl audio cassette and Compact Disc. The album is the 25th edition of the Now! series in the United Kingdom.
 Back in the DHSS is the first album released by the UK rock band Half Man Half Biscuit in 1985.The title is a play on the song Back in the U.S.S.R. by The Beatles referring to the high unemployment levels at the time of the album's release (since the DHSS Department of Health and Social Security was the British institution which organised unemployment benefit).It was rereleased in 2003 compiled with the first EP The Trumpton Riots.
 534 is the fourth studio album by rapper Memphis Bleek. It was Released by Roc-A-Fella Records on May 17 2005. The album contains 14 songs including the hit single Like That produced by Swizz Beatz. A single by Bleek's mentor and childhood friend Jay-Z entitled Dear Summer was produced by Just Blaze. Other guests include Young Gunz M.O.P. and the first ever appearance from Rihanna.
 Ramrod is an EP by Scraping Foetus Off the Wheel released by Self Immolation/Some Bizzare in 1987.
 One Two Three Four was the first 7 EP by Punk band The Saints. The EP contained two covers and two re-recorded versions of tracks that originally featured on their debut album (I'm) Stranded. It was originally released in the UK as both a single disc EP and a double 7 with a gatefold shelve. The complete EP was issued on CD in 2007 as bonus tracks to (I'm) Stranded.
 Only One Life: The Songs of Jimmy Webb is a studio album by American singer Michael Feinstein released in October 2003 by Concord Records. The album was recorded in tribute to the songwriter Jimmy Webb.
 Dice Game is a collaborative studio album by Detroit-based producer Apollo Brown and rapper Guilty Simpson. It was released online independently under hip hop label Mello Music Group on November 6 2012 in digital format and physical copies were made available on November 13 2012. Recording sessions for Dice Game took place at LabCabInRoyalOak in Royal Oak Michigan by Tate McBroom. The album was mixed at The Disc by Magnetic and was mastered at Studio A by Eric Morgeson in 2012.
 Look Up There is the thirty-fourth studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the fifth installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series.The album was announced and released alongside two other installments in the Buckethead Pikes series the first being 3 Foot Clearance (the reissue of the 2010 Untitled album) the other being Underground Chamber.The album shows some of Buckethead's more progressive longer side. It contains two long songs with long solos many changes and melodic guitars.
 Babylon Springs is a 2006 EP by the Mountain Goats on the 4AD label. It was released as a CD and a digital download.
 The Scene Changes: The Amazing Bud Powell (Vol. 5) also known as The Amazing Bud Powell Vol. 5: The Scene Changes is a studio album by jazz pianist Bud Powell released on Blue Note Records in 1959 featuring a session Powell recorded at the Rudy Van Gelder Studio in Hackensack New Jersey on December 28 1958 with Paul Chambers on bass and Art Taylor on drums.The album was digitally remastered in 2003 by Rudy Van Gelder and re-issued as part of Blue Note's The RVG Edition series.
 Fire and Blood is a double-DVD from American heavy metal band Manowar. The first DVD is a documentary that features part 2 of the series Hell on Earth. With almost two hours of running time Hell on Earth Part 2 documents the 1998 Hell on Stage European Tour with almost 30 shows. The second DVD Blood in Brazil is their live performance at the Philips Monsters Of Rock in São Paulo Brazil on September 26 1998. This was the first a complete concert performance captured in the band's career.
 Can't Hold Back is the eighth studio album by American country rock band Pure Prairie League released in 1979 (see 1979 in music).
 Passing Through is the fifteenth studio album released by American country music singer Randy Travis. It is his fourth album of gospel music and his fourth for Word Records. The album produced two singles on the Billboard country charts: Four Walls at #46 and Angels at #48. That Was Us was previously recorded by Tracy Lawrence on his 2001 self-titled album.
 The Edge of Infinity is the third full-length album by the Swiss band Lunatica. It was released on August 28 2006. A release party took place at Schützi in Olten (Switzerland) on September 23 2006.The band had originally held a poll to pick a cover song to include on the album although they decided not to include any cover song after all having enough of their own compositions for the album.[citation needed]
 Not Your Ordinary Girl is the fourth studio album by Kyla. It was released by Poly East Records under EMI Philippines in 2004. The album spawned five singles including the number-one singles Because Of You Human Nature If the Feeling Is Gone Not Your Ordinary Girl and Till They Take My Heart Away. The album also includes the song Buti Na Lang interpreted by Kyla penned by producer Jonathan Manalo and placed third prize at the 2003 Metro Pop Song Festival.
 I Care 4 U is a compilation DVD by Aaliyah; it features most of her personal favorite and more popular music videos from 1996 to 2001. It was originally released in 2002 as a bonus disc with the I Care 4 U album then again released separately in 2003 in Germany and other parts of Europe with Miss You as a bonus video. Aaliyah stated on BET's 106 & Park that her favorite music videos are One in a Million Are You That Somebody? and Try Again.
 In View: The Best Of R.E.M. 1988-2003 is a DVD featuring videos by the rock band R.E.M. during 1988-2003 released as a companion to the Warner Bros. compilation In Time: The Best of R.E.M. 1988-2003. All but two of the songs included on the audio CD made the DVD—the exceptions being All the Right Friends (which had no official music video) and Animal (the video not having been shot until early 2004.)
 Conference of the Birds is an album by the Dave Holland Quartet recorded in 1972 and released in 1973. It is jazz bassist Holland's second collaboration with composer and saxophonist Anthony Braxton as well as his second album on ECM Records.
 The Miracle Inn is an album by Euros Childs released in August 2007. It was his third solo album. It features a cover of The Turtles' Think I'll Run Away.
 Reminiscence is Bonnie Pink's first cover album released under the Warner Music Japan label on June 22 2005.
 Cape Dory is the debut studio album by American indie pop band Tennis released on January 18 2011 on Fat Possum Records.Cape Dory was generally well received. At Metacritic which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics the album received an average score of 76 based on 24 reviews which indicates generally favorable reviews.Cape Dory was listed at number five on Spinner's 40 Best Albums of 2011.
 Standards In Silhouette is an album recorded in September 1959 by Stan Kenton and his orchestra. The entire set of arrangements for the LP were written by Bill Mathieu. This recording stands alone in approach and style; Kenton himself only plays on Django (no piano called for by Mathieu on all others) and every standard is done at a slow ballad tempo with very sparse effusive writing.
 Tragiedia wg Post Regiment is the third album of Polish punk rock band Post Regiment. The album includes songs written by Post Regiment's friend band Tragedia. Tragedia ceased to exist without releasing any albums. Two of the bands members supported Post Regiment during recording.
 Live at the BBC is a four disc compilation of British folk singer songwriter Sandy Denny's BBC sessions from 1966 to 1973 and contains almost all her solo work for the corporation. Disc 4 of the set is a DVD of Denny performing three songs on the music programme One in ten in 1971: the only surviving solo footage of her.
 Weak in the Presence of Beauty was the second and last album by English sophisti-pop band Floy Joy. It was released in 1986 and featured the minor hit Weak in the Presence of Beauty.Unlike the previous album which featured Carroll Thompson on vocals this album instead featured vocals from Desi Campbell whilst both original member Michael Ward and new member Robert E. Clarke performed and wrote the music.Friday Night was also released as a single but was a commercial failure.
 American III: Solitary Man is the third album in the American series by Johnny Cash released in 2000 (and his 85th overall album). The album was notable for being Cash's highest charting (#11 Country) solo studio LP since his 1976 One Piece at a Time an album that reached No. 2 Country based on the title cut.
 Los Angeles is an EP by Graf Orlock. It is inspired and based on the action/crime film Heat. It was released by Vitriol Records on April 10 2012. The first 7 pressing was limited to 200 copies while the second pressing is limited to 600.
 Speak Kindly of Your Volunteer Fire Department is an album released by Robert Pollard and Doug Gillard in 1999. For the album Gillard recorded instrumental tracks for songs Pollard had written (along with contributing four instrumentals of his own) to which Pollard later added vocals.
 Thanks for the Ether is the debut studio album of Rasputina released on August 6 1996 on Columbia Records. Recording sessions took place at Sear Sound Recording Studio as well as Jimmy Boyle's House. Production was handled by Jimmy Boyle and Melora Creager. The album did not chart in any country and it did not sell many copies. It contains a quirky and eclectic collection of songs and spoken-word narration.
 Wonderful Wonderful is the second studio album by Johnny Mathis released in 1957 on the Columbia Records label in stereo and monoaural. The album was issued in the UK by Fontana Records with alternate artwork. It was reissued on CD by Columbia in 2001 paired with the 1956 album Johnny Mathis.
 Out of Our Heads is the Rolling Stones' third British album and their fourth in the United States. It was released in 1965 through London Records in the US on 30 July 1965 and Decca Records in the UK on 24 September 1965 (in both mono – catalogue number LL3429; and in stereo—PS429) with significant track listing differences between territories.
 Soul Journey is the fourth studio album by Gillian Welch. As with all of her previous releases it is a collaboration with David Rawlings.In their preceding work Time (The Revelator) Welch and Rawlings had experimented with using only acoustic guitar and banjo as accompaniment. With Soul Journey they return to the more diverse and modern instrumentation of their early work employing electric guitar organ and drums.
 The Toshiko Akiyoshi Jazz Orchestra: Strive for Jive is a live video recording of the Toshiko Akiyoshi Jazz Orchestra featuring Lew Tabackin in a jazz club setting. The video was apparently recorded in the mid 1980s in Chicago and first released on VHS video tape around 1993 and on DVD in 2009.
 Compulsive Fuck Up is the second solo release from Mark Lind. It was recorded in the fall of 2006 and was released in March 2007. This extended play features six brand new songs along with a recording of a past live solo set.
 The Desert Storm Mixtape: Blok Party Vol. 1 is a compilation album put together by DJ Envy released on February 11 2003 through Desert Storm Records.
 Valley of Smoke is the third full length album from American post-metal band Intronaut. It was released in North America on October 12 2010 on Century Media Records who also released their previous album Prehistoricisms. The album was released in Europe with exclusive bonus track Vernon on November 22 2010.
 As Sure As The Stars is the fourth album released by onehundredhours on the Survivor Records label. It was released on 20 July 2007. Many of the tracks were first played to audiences who attended the New Wine and Soul Survivor festivals in the following weeks.
 Besides is the final release from 90's alternative rock band Sugar. As the title suggests it collected the various B-sides from their previously released singles.
 Sometimes I is Laura Critchley's debut album. It was released on November 19 2007.
 Jiaolong is the sixth studio album by Canadian musician Daniel Snaith and the first under the moniker Daphni. It was released on October 16 2012 by Merge Records.The album was named a longlisted nominee for the 2013 Polaris Music Prize on June 13 2013.
 Señales (Spanish: Signs) is the first studio album by Argentine pop rock group Erreway. The album was released through Sony Music and Cris Morena Group on 29 July 2002 (see 2002 in music). It was produced by Cris Morena and Carlos Nilson who wrote all songs for the album. Señales sold over 1 million copies worldwide and topped the Argentine Billboard Albums Chart.
 Love Notes is a 1977 jazz album by Ramsey Lewis released on Columbia Records. This album features Lewis's collaboration with Motown artist Stevie Wonder on the songs Spring High and the title track which Wonder wrote and arranged.
 Игра с огнём (Playing with Fire) is the fourth album by heavy metal band Aria.
 Spirit of Place is the first full-length album by Australian folk-rock band Goanna. It was originally released in November 1982 it peaked at No. 2 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart and appeared on the US Billboard 200.Spirit of Place was the first charting rock record to feature the didgeridoo. The didgeridoo is particularly prominent on Solid Rock which was a No. 3 hit on the Kent Music Report Singles Chart in October. The album was also heavy on social protest themes.
 Venomous Villain is the fourth studio album by American hip hop artist Daniel Dumile the second to be released under the alias Viktor Vaughn. It was released through Insomniac on August 3 2004.
 Within a Mile of Home is the third studio album by the Irish-American punk band Flogging Molly. Released in 2004 this album reached #20 on the U.S. Billboard Top 200 Chart and #1 on the Independent Music chart. The album is dedicated to Joe Strummer and Johnny Cash as indicated in the album's liner notes.
 Ultraviolet is the sixth full-length studio album by American sludge metal group Kylesa. It is also the group's third album to be released through Season of Mist.
 Blackest Hair Bluest Eyes released 2004 is the first commercial release by musician Chris Staples previously of Twothirtyeight. Staples previously independently recorded the acoustic albums Panama and Burned and Blistered which this album draws many of the tracks from.
 I'm a Fire is the third studio album by American country music artist David Nail. It was released on March 4 2014 via MCA Nashville.
 Jhini is the third studio album by the Indian Fusion band Indian Ocean recorded at Kosmic Studios in Varadeipalyam Andhra Pradesh in the midst of fields and hills a hundred kilometres north of Chennai. Members of Indian Ocean used to laze in swings hung from mango trees listen to the jackals at night and gaze at the Milky Wayas they were surrounded in such a beautiful atmosphere. The first performance of the Jhini track happened at the IIM Lucknow campus.
 Rabbitt was the third studio album of Country music artist Eddie Rabbitt. It was released in 1977 under the Elektra Records label. The album produced the singles We Can't Go on Living Like This and I Can't Help Myself which peaked at 6 and 2 respectively on United States country charts.Rabbitt would be re-released along with the debut album Eddie Rabbitt in 2006 and is available for download on iTunes.
 Remember Me (stylised as Remember me) is Kokia's third album released in November 2003. It is currently her most commercially successful release reaching #15 on the charts due to the success of the singles Kawaranai Koto (Since 1976) and The Power of Smile/Remember the Kiss.
 Audrye Sessions is the 2008 self-titled EP by the band Audrye Sessions which was released on October 14 2008 under Black Seal a unit of Sony BMG. It featured their first single Turn Me Off which fared well among critics and received airplay on the radio.
 Rip Open the Skies is the last independent album from Christian rock band Remedy Drive. The album was released on April 25 2006 and has sold over 20000 copies to date.
 Hood Politics VI: Time Machine is the sixth installment in the Hood Politics Mixtape series from the rapper Termanology with production from DJ Premier Statik Selektah Large Professor Pete Rock MoSS and The Alchemist.
 Liquid Tension Experiment 2 is the second studio album by instrumental rock/progressive metal supergroup Liquid Tension Experiment released on June 15 1999 through Magna Carta Records. The album reached No. 8 on the Billboard Top Internet Albums chart and No. 40 on Billboard's Heatseekers.
 Adventures in Paradise is the third studio album by Minnie Riperton produced by Stewart Levine with music by The Crusaders. Joe Sample co-wrote the title song Adventures in Paradise. The album was a modest success but didn't match the success of Perfect Angel. After Lovin’ You and Perfect Angel finished their chart run Epic wanted a follow-up disc and fast.
 Lullabies for the Dormant Mind is the second studio album by Canadian metal band The Agonist. It was produced by Christian R. Donaldson (Cryptopsy Mythosis). The album demonstrates a more diverse sound than The Agonist's debut album and features classical jazz opera grindcore thrash and black metal influences. It features guest violins by Avi Ludmer (Mahogany Rush) and orchestrations by classical pianists Melina Soochan and Jonathan Lefrancois-Leduc (Blackguard).
 Shut Up and Dance: The Dance Mixes was a Paula Abdul remix album released in 1990. It contains dance remixes of the six hit singles from Forever Your Girl one remixed album track and one medley.
 In the Meantime is Joe Pug's second EP. In 2010 while recording what would eventually become his first full-length album Pug released In the Meantime free of charge to subscribers of his email list. Pug stated that the EP was a thank you of sorts to all the fans that have helped spread my music around to their friends and family over the last year. The EP consists of five previously-unreleased songs recorded during the sessions that produced Nation of Heat.
 Sanatorium Under the Sign of the Hourglass is an album by the Cracow Klezmer Band performing compositions written by John Zorn in tribute to the Polish writer Bruno Schultz.
 The Very Best of Brother Beyond is a compilation from British boy band / pop group Brother Beyond released in 2005 by EMI label for its «Gold Series» containing all the quartet's greatest hits as well as minor successes including their very last single that is the USA success called The Girl I Used to Know (never before included on any of their albums).
 Crank is the fourth studio album released by Scottish heavy metal band The Almighty. Two singles Jonestown Mind and Wrench were released from the album in multiple parts in the United Kingdom. A music video was made for Jonestown Mind. Crank peaked at #15 in the UK albums chart. Crank is a slang term for low-purity Crystal methamphetamine that is usually administered in powder form. It is a stimulant that affects the Central nervous system by causing increased alertness and heart rate.
 Nawal 1984 is a 1984 album by the singer Nawal El Kuwaiti.
 Stark Naked and Absolutely Live is the first official live album by Alphaville. While the Dreamscapes compilation featured a full CD of live material its tracks were culled from many different concerts: The tracks on Stark Naked and Absolutely Live were recorded specifically for the purpose of creating the album. The final listed track Apollo is followed by a hidden track: an acoustic version of Dance with Me.
 March on Electric Children is the second studio album by the American post-hardcore band The Blood Brothers released in February 2002. This album is a self-described short story set to music.[3] Produced by Matt Bayles the album was recorded in one week [4] on a $3000 budget [5] and has been described by singer Jordan Blilie as crazier and more complex than the band's previous effort This Adultery Is Ripe[6].
 The Sixth Day: Single Collection is a compilation album released by Gackt on February 25 2004. The album collects the artist's previous single's title songs some of them having been re-recorded for this release. The Sixth Day complements The Seventh Night an unplugged album released three months later.
 Nashville is the fifth album by indie folk musician Josh Rouse. It was released in 2005 by Rykodisc.
 Grease 'n' Gravy is an album by saxophonist Willis Jackson which was recorded in 1963 and released on the Prestige label.
 APBL2000 is the second live concert album by Apoptygma Berzerk containing live recordings from their Welcome To Earth Tour. It was released on July 31 2001 through Metropolis Records in the US and Warner Music Group in Europe. Live footage of the tour is available on DVD and VHS.
 Cease to Suffer is the debut full-length album released by the heavy metal band A Perfect Murder.
 Bez limitu is the eighth studio album by Polish group 2 Plus 1 released in 1983. Its title translates No Limits.
 Obsesiones is the 12th album by Mexican pop singer Yuri. It was released in 1992.It sold more than 260000 copies earning Platinum disc [1]. She changes her look from blonde to redheaded but this change was not well received by the fans. The ERES Magazine in Mexico chose this album among the top ten of 1992. Singer Mijares covered the song Como Te Amé in his 2009 Spanish album Vivir Así.
 Prodigal Son is a 2007 album recorded by the English guitarist Martin Simpson and released on the Topic Records label. The album won the Best Album award at the BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards 2008 and the track Never Any Good won the Best Original Song award.
 Halim is the second solo album by Belgian world music singer Natacha Atlas. It was released by Nation Records on 12 May 1997. The album was primarily produced by Transglobal Underground and John Reynolds. The album is dedicated to Egyptian singer Abdel Halim Hafez whose music meant everything to her.
 Causers of This is the debut album from the artist Toro y Moi released on January 4 2010 on Carpark records.
 King King is the debut album by the blues-rock band The Red Devils. It was recorded live at King King Club in Los Angeles during three or four of their regular Monday-night performances in 1991. The album captures the immediacy and informality of a small club performance. It features the band's interpretation of blues songs originally recorded by Little Walter Sonny Boy Williamson II Howlin' Wolf and Willie Dixon as well as some band originals.
 Winter in June is an EP released by the heavy metal band Kiuas released on May 29 2004 by the Rage of Achilles label. This release would secure Kiuas for a deal with Spinefarm Records. The songs; Warrior Soul and Across the Snows were demo versions on; the first demo The Discipline of Steel the second demo Born Under the Northern Lights and were later released on The Spirit of Ukko album.
 Bonanza is a studio album by Jamaican reggae singer Michael Rose.
 Other Folks' Music is an album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Rahsaan Roland Kirk featuring performances by Kirk with Richard Williams Kermit Moore Gloria Agostini Trudy Pitts Hilton Ruiz Henry Mattathias Pearson Roy Haynes Sonny Brown Arthur Jenkins and Joe Habad Texidor recorded in March 1976.The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states Other Folks' Music is perhaps his most dizzying and troubling recording.
 In the Night Time is the third album by American bass guitarist Michael Henderson. Released in 1978 on Buddah Records.
 FOC is the debut album released by Australian collaborative rock group Far Out Corporation in 1998. It was also the only album released by the group.
 Thanks I'll Eat it Here is the title of the only solo album by the late rock and roll singer-songwriter Lowell George. While George is best known for his work with Little Feat by 1977 Lowell felt that they were moving increasingly into jazz-rock a form in which he felt little interest. As a result he began working on his own album.
 The Dawn is the first album by the Filipino rock/new wave band The Dawn released in 1986. The lead single Enveloped Ideas help the band to gain a cult following in the Philippines.The songs Dreams Give Me the Night Mad Game Behind Shadows and Enveloped Ideas were performed at the Concert at the Park in Luneta. Dreams was written by the guitarist Teddy Diaz with the band's manager Martin Galan. The intro to Susi has a bass line by Carlos Balcells.
 San koji srećan sanjaš sam (trans. A Dream You Happily Dream Alone) is the third album by the Serbian alternative rock band Block Out released by Metropolis Records in 1998. Considered to be one of best Serbian rock albums ever.[citation needed] Some of the songs were predicting war cataclysm that hit FR Yugoslavia few months after the release of the album. The album was re-released by Multimedia records in 2004.
 Kneipenterroristen (German for Tavern terrorists) is the 5th album of the German Hard rock band Böhse Onkelz. It was released in 1988.
 desperation is the first live praise and worship album from the Desperation Band at New Life Church.
 Will There Be Spring is an album by Norwegian singer-songwiter Maria Solheim released in 2006 by Kirkelig Kulturverksted (FXCD 309).
 Liar is the second studio album by South Korean entertainer Harisu released on October 28 2002. Musically similar to her first album Temptation Harisu describes Liar as being very Euro/techno/house... a high-energy dance record with a very upbeat rhythm. A music video was filmed for the album's title track.Liar peaked at #23 on the MIAK K-pop albums chart selling 15760 copies in its first month of release.
 Still Waters Run Deep is a 1970 album American vocal group the Four Tops.
 Man's Best Friend is a singer-songwriter Livingston Taylor's sixth album and fifth original album released in 1980.
 Live is an album of live recordings by Guano Apes. It was released in 2003.
 Carencro is the major label debut of Louisiana musician Marc Broussard. The album was released by Island Records on August 3 2004. The album title pays tribute to the musician's hometown of Carencro Louisiana.The album's first single Home received airplay during the initial album release and also after Hurricane Katrina.
 None of the Above is an album by Peter Hammill released on his Fie! label in 2000. The genre of None of the Above is not located in progressive rock music like Peter Hammill's band Van der Graaf Generator and some of his earlier solo albums but can be described best as singer/songwriter.
 The Chicago Transit Authority is the self-titled debut album by the Chicago-based rock band The Chicago Transit Authority later known as Chicago. It was recorded and released in 1969.
 Archives is a compilation album by Rush released in April 1978. The compilation was a complete repackaging of the band's first three albums (Rush Fly by Night and Caress of Steel).
 Life of Crime is the second studio album by the American post punk band Laughing Hyenas released in 1990 through Touch and Go Records. It was reissued in 1992 accompanied with You Can't Pray a Lie.
 Who's Foolin' Who is a 1982 album by the Detroit R&B band One Way.
 Sha-Kon-O-Hey! Land of Blue Smoke was released on February 11 2009 and is a Dolly Parton album sold exclusively at Dollywood and through the Great Smoky Mountains Association.The song Sha-Kon-O-Hey! can be heard in Dolly's Dixie Stampede.
 Black Hole Recordings: Best of 1997-2004 is a compilation of tracks released by Tiësto's label Black Hole Recordings. The release is a double-disk set and includes tracks by a number of artists.
 Live At Madison Square Garden 1978 is a concert video and an album by English rock band Jethro Tull released in 2009. It was recorded on October 09 1978 at Madison Square Garden in New York City.50 minutes of the performance were broadcast live via satellite on the BBC's Old Grey Whistle Test.
 Everything Bad & Beautiful is the name of a live stage show and album performed/recorded by singer/comedian/actress Sandra Bernhard. The show ran in 2006 in New York City at the Daryl Roth Theater.[1] In the performance Bernhard does what she is best known for: she rips apart celebrity culture while commenting on events of the time.
 Close Enough for Love is a 1979 (see 1979 in music) album by Peggy Lee.
 Weingeister (English: Wine Spirits) is the eighth and final release of Einstürzende Neubauten's Musterhaus project a series of highly experimental CD releases that were only available via an annual subscription through their website or from shows during their 25th Anniversary Tour.
 Pike 12 is the forty-second studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the twelfth installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series.The album was announced on April 12th as a limited edition untitled album with hand drawn covers and signed by Buckethead himselfand released in May 7th. A standard edition was announced but has not yet been released.
 Kati san esena (in Greek Κάτι σαν εσένα meaning Something like you) is the 2008 third studio album by Greek singer Sarbel of Cypriot Lebanese origin. It was released by Sony BMG Greece in July 2008. The album contains 10 songs with 9 in Greek language and one namely Desperado in English. The only single from the album was Eho threlatei. The songs vary between dance songs and ballads. The album reached #9 on the Greek Albums Chart.
 California Rhinoplasty is a song and EP by Matmos. The song is originally found on the 2001 album A Chance to Cut Is a Chance to Cure. The recording is composed entirely from samples of plastic surgery performed in California (rhinoplasty endoscopic forehead lift chin implants) augmented by a nose flute.
 Bone Against Steel is the ninth studio album by the southern rock band 38 Special released in 1991. It was their last album until their 1996 comeback and the last album to feature the vocalist and keyboard player Max Carl.The album itself was only a modest commercial success and reached the #170 slot on the Billboard 200 chart. However the single The Sound of Your Voice (also known as Sound of Your Voice) was a major hit.
 Transformers: The Score is a soundtrack that features the musical score by film composer Steve Jablonsky for the 2007 live-action film Transformers. It was released October 9 2007 on Jablonsky's 37th birthday. According to the back of the CD cover 11 of the 20 tracks are arranged differently from what is heard in the actual film resulting in extended- but accurately-complete- soundtracks.
 Elvis (NBC-TV Special) is the thirty-fourth album by Elvis Presley released on RCA Victor Records in mono LPM 4088 in November 1968. Recording sessions took place in Burbank California at Western Recorders on June 20 21 22 and 23 1968 and at NBC Studios (Burbank) on June 27 and 29 1968. It peaked at #8 on the Billboard 200. It was certified Gold on July 22 1969 and Platinum on July 15 1999 by the RIAA.
 Still Life is an album by English progressive rock band Van der Graaf Generator originally released in 1976. It was their second album since reforming in 1975 the first being Godbluff. One live bonus track was added for the 2005 re-release.
 Babymetal (stylized BABYMETAL) is the debut studio album by Japanese metal vocal and dance group Babymetal.The album was released on February 26 2014 under Toy's Factory in Japan in several editions: regular and limited editions. The CD includes five of Babymetal's singles that were released in 2011 - 2013 from Doki Doki Morning (digital single) to Megitsune their B-sides and three new songs.
 The Orb's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld is the 1991 ambient house-concept debut album by the electronic music collective The Orb. The album's framework is of a two-hour psychedelic trip through music genres and studio electronics produced to push the threshold of live stage performance. The double album is a continuous progressive composition consisting of several tracks advancing the journey concept and composed of vocal samples and sound effects interspersed with original music.
 Beat Hotel is the eighth studio album by Swedish pop music artist Mauro Scocco. It was released in 2003 on the record label Diesel Music.Two singles were released from this album: Han Måste Undra (He's got to wonder) and Fortfarande Här (Still here).
 Dance Without Music is the second studio album by British musicians Paul Downes and Phil Beer and their first under the shorter name of Downes & Beer released a standard 33rpm 10 track stereo vinyl in 1976 only. Colin Wilson contributes to the album.It is highly scarce and few copies were pressed. One well known song from the album is Let Me Play as also featured on Live in Concept.
 Mercy (Dancing for the Death of an Imaginary Enemy) is the band Ours' third major label release. The album was recorded with renowned record producer Rick Rubin over several years and was released on April 15 2008. Music videos have been made for Live Again God Only Wants You and The Worst Things Beautiful.
 Maladroit is the fourth studio album by American alternative rock band Weezer released on May 14 2002 on Geffen Records. The album is the band's first to feature bassist Scott Shriner following the departure of former bassist Mikey Welsh in 2001. Maladroit features heavy metal riffs uncommon to Weezer's previous releases.As of December 2007 the album sold 605000 copies in the United States having reached a high of #3 on the Billboard 200 and quickly going gold.
 The Norman & Nancy Blake Compact Disc is a compilation album of tracks by the American musicians Norman Blake and Nancy Blake released in 1986. It contains all of the tracks from the vinyl release Lighthouse on the Shore and six tracks from Nancy Blake's solo release Grand Junction.
 JuJu is the fifth album by Wayne Shorter recorded and released on Blue Note in 1964 issued as BLP 4182 and BST 84182.The album shows the strong influence of John Coltrane with whom Shorter had studied as an undergraduate and whose style is reflected here both in performance and composition: Shorter's timbre is rather astringent and his phrases are long and volatile; neither quality is typical of his later work.
 Robbery is the fifth album by Teena Marie released in 1983. It is her first album for Epic Records following her acrimonious departure from Motown the previous year. The album was written and produced by Marie herself and features contributions from Patrice Rushen Paulinho da Costa and Steve Ferrone among others.
 Ballads Blues & Stories is a very unique storytellers music CD from Bret Michaels the lead singer of the rock band Poison.
 Vox de Nube (Voice from the Cloud) is a music album by Irish singer Nóirín Ní Riain with the Monks of Glenstal Abbey. It was released in 1989.
 Luna Llena (In English: Full Moon ) is the second album by Mexican singer-songwriter Mariana Ochoa released by Warner Music in Mexico on September 21 2007 (see 2007 in music).The album was produced by Rafael Sardina and directed by Cheche Alara and recorded in Los Angeles California.
 Vantage Point is the fifth album from the Belgian band Deus released on April 18 2008. This is the first Deus album which features the same line-up as the previous album.This album was also the first to be recorded at their own built studio in Borgerhout near Antwerp.Upon its release in Belgium Vantage Point was already certified Gold then reached Platinum within its first month release.[citation needed]
 The Infidel is an album released in 1991 by Doubting Thomas two-thirds of the members of the group Skinny Puppy. The project has been called music for imaginary films. It was originally released in 1991 by Wax Trax! Records (bought 1992/93 by TVT Records) but has since gone out-of-print. It was re-released in 2007 by cEvin Key's Subconscious label as a 20th anniversary edition packaged with their Father Don't Cry EP and other bonus tracks.
 Caramelito (Candy) is the title of a studio album released by Spanish performer Rocío Dúrcal on May 6 2003 by BMG Ariola. Produced by Colombian songwriter Kike Santander.
 Vatten och bröd (Swedish for Water and Bread) is the debut studio album released by Swedish singer and songwriter Veronica Maggio. It was released in Sweden on 6 September 2006 through Universal Music AB and debuted at number 18 peaking at number 14. The album was recorded and produced by Maggio in the studio of Christian Walz in Östermalm Stockholm.
 Mescalero is the fourteenth studio album by the American rock band ZZ Top. It was released on September 8 2003 as the band's final release for RCA Records. While the band still retained their foundation in blues rock Mescalero explored genres like country and Tejano. Recording sessions took place at Foam Box Recordings in Houston with the lead vocalist Billy Gibbons as producer.
 Pebbles Volume 7 is a compilation album among the CDs in the Pebbles series; it is subtitled Chicago 2. The previous CD in the series Pebbles Volume 6 also features bands from Chicago as does the LP Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 4.
 Footsteps and Heartbeats is the third studio album by the British folk singer/songwriter Rory McLeod released in 1989.
 True Magic initially set to be titled as Tru3 Magic is the third studio album by American hip hop artist Mos Def released December 29 2006 on Geffen Records in the United States. Following an online leak of the album it featured limited release with distribution in only the United States and France through Geffen. The album's CD release was issued with a clear plastic case without a booklet cover art lyrics or credits.
 Paper Television is the fourth LP from The Blow. It is also the band's first album as a duo consisting of Khaela Maricich and Jona Bechtolt. Previously Khaela Maricich had been the sole member.
 Pretzel Logic is the third studio album by the American rock band Steely Dan released on February 20 1974 by ABC Records. It was written by principal band members Walter Becker and Donald Fagen. They recorded the album at The Village Recorder in West Los Angeles with producer Gary Katz and prominent Los Angeles-based studio musicians.The album was a commercial and critical success upon its release.
 Sou de Qualquer Lugar (English: I'm from Anywhere) is the sixth studio album by Brazilian singer Daniela Mercury released on November 20 2001 on RCA Records.
 Dear Listener is the debut album of English MC Lowkey. The album was released after 3 mixtapes by Lowkey. In support of the album music videos for Alphabet Assassin Revolution Relatives and In My Lifetime which features Wretch 32 were made. The album was released on 20 October 2008 through independent label SO Empire Recordings. The album didn't manage to chart.
 It's My War is the debut album of Azerbaijani musician Safura Alizadeh. The album was recorded in Sweden and includes the single Drip Drop Safura's entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010. The album was recorded over a period of months. It has been released under the labels of Zaphire and Alive records.
 Singing Arc EP is the debut release by Icelandic indie folk band Seabear. The extended play was the solo work of Sindri Sigfússon from Reykjavik Iceland and was self-recorded and released. It was until recently available for free on the band's website.
 Gateway is the debut album by Gateway a trio composed of John Abercrombie Dave Holland and Jack DeJohnette. It was recorded in 1975 and released on the ECM label in 1976. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states The interplay between the three musicians is quite impressive although listeners might find some of the music to be quite unsettling. It takes several listens for one to digest all that is going on but it is worth the struggle.
 Early Song is the 1999 studio album by Faun Fables. It was released through the label Drag City.
 Headstones is the second studio album by the gothic metal band Lake of Tears. It was released in 1995 and still has many doom metal influences; future albums have a more gothic and melodic approach in music though there are songs up to the band's latest release that still take inspiration from doom metal.
 Games (遊戲 - 基) is an album by the Cantopop singer Leo Ku released on November 28 2003. The album is based on the theme of video games and was recorded in 2003 after Ku's two year break from singing Cantopop. His current manager Paco Wong persuaded Ku to come back to Hong Kong's Cantopop scene. The songs 必殺技 (Fatal Trick) and 任天堂流淚 (Let Heaven Shed its Tears) won Ku numerous awards.
 Vintage: The Very Best of Moby Grape is a retrospective collection of Moby Grape songs many previously unreleased originally issued in 1993 as part of Columbia Records' Legacy series. Included in the collection was the entire eponymous first album of the group generally considered to be one of the most important albums of its era. Noted rock critic David Fricke wrote the liner notes to the compilation.
 The Singles Collection is an album by guitarist Terje Rypdal recorded in 1988 and released on the ECM label.
 Ekklesia is the debut album released by the American Christian metalcore band For Today. The album was released on April 1 2008 through Facedown Records. A version of the album featuring their old lead singer has found its way onto the internet through the means of a blogspot page.
 Aubrey Mixes: The Ultraworld Excursions is a remix album compilation by The Orb which was deleted on the day it was released. The album consists of seven alternate mixes of their first album The Orb's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld. Five of these mixes are also available on the 2006 Deluxe Edition re-release of The Orb's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld.
 Soul Call is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1964 and released on the Prestige label.
 Rio is a recording of solo piano improvisations by Keith Jarrett recorded live at the Teatro Municipal Rio de Janeiro on April 9 2011 released as a two CD set on the ECM label.
 Discopolis is the sixth studio album by the Finnish rock group CMX.With Discopolis CMX took a different approach on recording with the goal of making the first entirely Pro Tools -based album in Finland. The basic concept was to build the songs from small pieces emphasizing editing and production over playing and recording. The result was successful in sales but received some negative critique in reviews.
 Organasm is the fourth full-length studio album by the Australian progressive metal band Alchemist. It was issued in Australia by Chatterbox on 6 March 2000 as their first release with the label. The album release was supported by a three-month Australian tour with the bands Cryogenic and Psi.Kore. Organasm featured generally shorter songs than the previous Alchemist albums but was still rated highly by critics.
 Absent Friends is the eighth studio album by The Divine Comedy. It was released by Parlophone in the UK on 29 March 2004 and by Nettwerk in the US on 4 May 2004. Two singles were released from the album in the UK: Come Home Billy Bird which features former Kenickie vocalist Lauren Laverne (now a BBC 6 Music DJ) on vocals and the album's title track.Neil Hannon was the only member of The Divine Comedy by this point as the band had split up shortly after the release of 2001's Regeneration.
 Hard Times are in Fashion is the third LP by Doghouse Records recording artist Koufax.
 Aknepop is Eppu Normaali's first album released in May 1978. It was recorded 13–15 March 1978. Pertti Ström is a secret name of Epe Helenius. He used the name to write to Finnish music magazine Soundi.
 Let Yourself Go: Celebrating Fred Astaire is a 2000 studio album by Stacey Kent.This was Kent's third studio album and was recorded in tribute to the dancer and singer Fred Astaire who introduced many of the songs on this album.
 Neo Fantasia is the sixth full-length studio album by J-pop singer Minori Chihara. It was released in December 11 2013.
 Kerrie Roberts is the debut album by the American contemporary Christian musician Kerrie Roberts. The album was released on Reunion Records on August 24 2010. Kerrie Roberts peaked at No. 27 on Billboard's Christian Albums chart. In addition the following singles peaked on the Christian Songs chart.
 The second duet studio album by Francissca Peter & Royston Sta Maria released in 1983.
 The Antidote is the fourth solo album by Boston Massachusetts rapper Benzino released August 21 2007 on 7th Floor Music.
 Mink Rat or Rabbit is the first album by The Detroit Cobras released 24 February 1998 (see 1998 in music).
 On Earth As It Is In Heaven is the third album by the rock band Angel. This marks the last album with Mickie Jones who was the band's bass player since their formation. It was produced by Eddie Kramer (KISS/Jimi Hendrix) and recorded in an actual castle in the Hollywood Hills.
 All Hell Breaks Loose is the sixth full-length album by German thrash metal band Destruction. It was the first official album released since Cracked Brain in 1990 and the first with Schmier returning to vocals and bass since Release from Agony in 1988. It also marks the return of the band to a three-piece lineup. As of 2002 All Hell Breaks Loose sold over 3000 copies in the U.S.
 Golpeando Fuerte is the eponymous second album of Puerto Rican singer Noelia. The album was released in 2000 and peaked at #1 on Billboard's Top Latin Albums.The album produced the hit single Ni Una Lágrima Más which was written by popular songwriter Estéfano. The song peaked at #2 on Billboard's Hot Latin Tracks.
 Time Tripping is an album (LP Vinyl) released by the Fullerton College Jazz Band for the Discovery Records Trend AM-PM label it became the Down Beat Magazine 1st Place Award Winner in the College Big Band Jazz category for 1983.
 Good Mourning is the fourth studio album by Alkaline Trio released May 13 2003 on Vagrant Records. The album marks the first appearance of drummer Derek Grant described by vocalist/guitarist Matt Skiba as a whole new influence. During recording both Skiba and vocalist/bassist Dan Andriano were ill. Skiba describes the album as sounding bigger deeper and rawer than its predecessor From Here to Infirmary.
 Because Her Beauty Is Raw and Wild is an album by Jonathan Richman released in 2008 on Vapor Records.
 Nina Live! is the second video release by Filipino singer Nina. It is a recording of her most successful album Nina Live! which was released in February 2005. It was released in Karaoke-VCD and DVD formats on May 28 2005 by Warner Music Philippines. Nina Live! is the first ever complete live DVD that was released in the Philippines. It contains the whole live session and several bonus features.This material was also released as the studio album Nina Live!.
 The Guinea Pig EP is the first album released by the band Angry Salad. It was released in 1995 by Breaking World Records.
 Fragments of Bone is the second release from singer Daniel Mustard the follow-up to his debut EP Daniel Mustard EP. Funding for the album was acquired from fan donations via a Kickstarter campaign. Like Mustard's first album Fragments of Bone was produced by James Betruzzi. It was released on September 25 2012.
 Reawakening Pride Once Lost is the debut studio album by the Northern Irish Celtic metal band Waylander released in 1998 by Century Media. The album was re-released in 2006 by the Irish label Midhir Records. This pressing came with two bonus tracks - A Hero's Lament and Sunrise - both taken from the Dawning of a New Age demo.
 Smothered Covered & Chunked is a cover studio album by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse. Released August 14 2012 the same day as The Mighty Death Pop! and Freaky Tales. It was prepackaged with the Red Pop variant edition of The Mighty Death Pop! it is the group's fourth album with producer Mike E. Clark since his return to Psychopathic Records.
 Dinah Sings Previn Plays is a 1960 album by Dinah Shore accompanied by André Previn.
 The Early Years is a two-part retrospective album series of Tom Waits songs consisting of recordings made before Waits's actual debut album Closing Time. Volume One was released in 1991 and Volume Two was released in 1993 on Bizarre/Straight. The recordings were made between July and December 1971. Some of the songs on the album had been previously released in polished form.Reissued on vinyl in 2010 by Manifesto Records
 Revivor (2003) is an aggrotech album by Funker Vogt.
 Imagine Me Alive is the first studio album released by heavy metal group Sledge Leather which comprises Leather Leone on vocals and Sandy Sledge on drums.
 The Blue Marble was the second (and final) Sagittarius album released in 1969 by the newly formed Together Records. The title song is by Lee Mallory and Gary Usher. By and large a Gary Usher creation the album remained in obscurity for most of its post-release due to the collapse of Usher's Together Records Label.
 Samba Meu (en: My Samba) is Brazilian vocalist Maria Rita's third album released in 2007 and distributed internationally by Warner Music Brazil. It was Maria Rita's first album of samba music. It won a 2008 Latin Grammy Award for Best Samba/Pagode album and has been certified platinum in Brazil.
 Rata Blanca is the first album by the Argentine metal band of the same name recorded in 1988 by Polygram.
 Phase Two: Slowboat to Hades is a compilation DVD by Gorillaz released in October 2006. The DVD is similar to the band's first DVD Phase One: Celebrity Take Down but compiles the videos and animatics related to the release of the band's second album Demon Days as well as the related singles. The DVD includes most of the materials released by Gorillaz from 2004 to 2006 which includes the full videos for Rock It Feel Good Inc. DARE Dirty Harry and El Mañana.
 The Shirley Bassey Collection is a double compilation album released in 1972 by British singer Shirley Bassey. The album charted at #37 in the UK charts in January 1972.Shirley Bassey enjoyed a successful comeback in the early 1970s having achieved five hit singles in the first two years of the decade plus two Top ten albums Something and Something Else.
 After The Third Pin (stylized as After The Thi3d Pin) is the third studio album from the British industrial music/hard rock band Sunna. The album was released on 3 October 2011 in the United States and the United Kingdom on an independent label.
 Rumors is the third album by the North Carolina band Arrogance released in 1976. It was their first album on a major label Vanguard Records. In 2000 Don Dixon re-released all of Arrogance's albums on his own label Dixon Archival Records. The version of Rumors contained two bonus tracks demos of Open Window and Final Nickel recorded at Charlotte's Reflection Sound Studios in 1975.
 The Game of Triangles is a studio album by Bobby Bare Norma Jean and Liz Anderson. It was Bobby Bare's tenth studio album Norma Jean's fourth and Liz Anderson's second.
 Deadly Weapons is an album by Steve Beresford John Zorn Tonie Marshall and David Toop. The album was originally released on the Nato label in 1986. It is designed as film noir soundtrack music to a film which does not exist and could be considered a forerunner to Zorn's Spillane (1987).
 Vices is the first album by the British hard rock band Waysted released in 1983.
 Sucking in the Seventies is the fourth official compilation album by The Rolling Stones released in 1981. As the successor to 1975's Made in the Shade it covers material from 1974's It's Only Rock 'n Roll to 1980's Emotional Rescue sessions.
 Los Remixes 2.0 is the second remix album and seventh album by A.B. Quintanilla Y Los Kumbia Kings. It was released on April 6 2004.
 Busse Woods is the second full-length album by stoner metal band Acid King. The album was originally released in 1999 through Man's Ruin Records but was reissued in 2004 with bonus tracks through Small Stone Records. The album was released on vinyl in 2007 through Kreation Records.The album's title (pronounced buss-ee) is the local name for the Ned Brown Forest Preserve which is located near Chicago. As a teenager frontwoman Lori S.
 The Headbeaterz Compilation Vol 1 is a compilation album released from TQ's production company on July 3 2001.
 Material also stylized as material is Japanese singer-songwriter ACO's fifth studio album released on May 23 2001.Material delves deep into the experimental electronica-based music trend ACO touched upon on her previous album Absolute Ego.
 Wild Hog in the Red Brush is a bluegrass and old-time music album by John Hartford released in 1996.
 On Ice is the third and final studio album by Australian alternative rock band Machine Gun Fellatio. The album was released on 18 October 2004 on Festival Records.The album was later re-released which included a bonus DVD featuring four live video tracks and two videos.
 Te Acordarás de Mí (English: You Will Remember Me) is the sophomore studio album by Mexican singer and actress Eiza González. It was released digitally on June 5 2012 through EMI Televisa Music and Capitol Latin in the US. On June 12 2012 the album was available in physical and digital format in Mexico. González recorded the album in Los Angeles California at Sonic Studios in Tornillo Texas the Dominican Republic and Mexico City during late 2011 and early 2012.
 18 Hronia Live (Greek: 18 Χρόνια Live; English: 18 Years Live) also referred to as 18XL is a live album by popular Greek singer Katy Garbi recorded and released in 2007 by Sony BMG Greece. The album is her first live album; a double disk compilation of songs performed during a special charity concert held in Egaleo Greece.A Gold certification was awarded on March 11 2008 at an elaborate party whose attendance included many of Garbi's longtime collaborators and fellow singers.
 A Cloud of Red Dust is the 1998 debut album by jazz vibraphonist Stefon Harris released by Blue Note Records. Saxophonist Greg Osby a fellow Blue Note recording artist also lent his skills to the recording. As with all Harris records to date this albums employs the assistance of a large ensemble.
 One Song at a Time is Jamie Grace's debut release by Gotee Records on September 20 2011. The album has garnered generally positive reviews and ratings from the critics and the album has seen chart successes as well. The album was produced by Arch Nemesiz David Garcia and Christopher Stevens and the executive producers only was Joey Elwood and Toby McKeehan.
 Gravity Happens is the third studio album by Kate Voegele released on May 17 2011 on MySpace Records and ATO Records in the United States. The album has debuted at #56 on the Billboard albums chart.
 Hipishizik Metafizik is the tenth studio album by Montenegrin-Serbian musician Rambo Amadeus. It was released in 2008.
 The Crucible is an album by John Zorn. It is the fourth album to feature the Moonchild Trio of Mike Patton Joey Baron and Trevor Dunn following Moonchild: Songs Without Words (2005) Astronome (2006) and Six Litanies for Heliogabalus (2007). It also features Marc Ribot on guitar and Zorn on alto saxophone.
 Parece Amor is the first album of peruvian actress and singer Mayra that was released in 2013.
 Errol Flynn (known in the United States as King of the Thieves) is rock band The Dogs D'Amour's fourth studio album and the second they released in 1989. It entered the UK Albums Chart at #22.The album spawned two singles; Satellite Kid and Trail of Tears respectively both reached the UK top 50 on the singles chart. Satellite Kid is perhaps the band's most well known song and their highest charting single reaching #26.
 Deeper the Wound is a split album between American band Converge and Japanese band Hellchild. The album was released through Deathwish Inc. in America on April 23 2001. Deeper the Wound was also the first album released through Deathwish. It was later released by Bastardize Records in Japan in 2006. The album features one new track from each artist one cover song from each artist and a few live versions of previously released tracks.
 Grace is the only complete studio album by Jeff Buckley released on August 23 1994. While the album initially had poor sales peaking at No. 149 in the U.S. and received mixed reviews it gradually acquired critical and popular acclaim and has now sold over 2 million copies worldwide. An extended version of the album (subtitled Legacy Edition) celebrating its tenth anniversary was released on August 23 2004 and it peaked at No.
 Mother Nature’s Son is a studio album recorded by Ramsey Lewis which was released on Cadet Records. The album was produced by Charles Stepney and consisted of ten instrumental songs which were originally recorded on the album The Beatles also known as The White Album.
 Frozen: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to 2013 Disney animated film Frozen. The soundtrack features 10 original songs written and composed by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez and twenty-two score pieces composed by Christophe Beck. Over 23 minutes are devoted to musical numbers.
 Stitt in Orbit is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1960 and 1962 and originally released on the Roost label.
 Cry Baby Soul is the debut studio album by British eclectic soul group The Wah Wah Collective. Released digitally on 24th February 2014 on I-innovate (UK) the multi-genre album covering neo-soul r&b nujazz electronica hip hop and break beat was accompanied by re-issued vinyl releases. The album featured a variety of songs often with guest vocalists.
 Wake Up the Sleepers is the sixth studio album by American alternative rock band Kill Hannah. It was released on September 29 2009. On September 22 2009 AbsolutePunk.net hosted the first online streaming of the album in its entirety. It also marks a return to an independent label by the band after signing to Atlantic Records for 2003's For Never & Ever and 2007's Until There's Nothing Left of Us.
 Are We Not Horses is an album by Rock Plaza Central. Despite being first released independently the disc made many top ten lists for 2006 including #8 for CMJ Editor-in-Chief Kenny Herzog Pitchfork staff writer Stephen Deusner and Americana-UK lead writer David Cowling.
 Restless Days is the eighth studio album by Pittsburgh band The Clarks. It was released on June 9 2009.
 Perfectly Clear is the sixth album recorded by American singer Jewel. Her first album of country music it was released on Valory Records (an imprint of Big Machine Records) on June 3 2008 (see 2008 in country music).
 Ready For Love is the third English studio album by Thai pop singer Tata Young scheduled to be released on August 25 2009.The album's first single Ready For Love was written by Alex Smith Mark Taylor and Ayak Thiik and produced by André Brix Buchman from Valicon Company in Germany. It also features a track Perfection co-written by Leona Lewis along with many of the tracks written by internationally acclaimed songwriters.
 Virgin Land is an album by Brazilian jazz drummer and percussionist Airto Moreira (who was credited simply as Airto) featuring performances recorded in 1974 and released on the Salvation label.
 Home at Last is an album of mostly new material by Larry Norman first issued in 1989. It was originally released as a two-LP album and included some live tracks. In 1998 it was released as one album together with the 1994 compilation Footprints in the Sand. The 2007 re-release of Home at Last contained only the studio recordings of the original issue. Home at Last was released to mixed reviews some citing disorganization and uneven production and controversy.
 Black 'N Blue is the self-titled debut album from the Glam metal band Black 'n Blue. Recorded in March to April 1984 and released worldwide the following August the album includes one of Black 'n Blue's most successful hits Hold On to 18.The track Chains Around Heaven had previously appeared on the second pressing of the first Metal Massacre compilation perhaps best known as the compilation to feature the first commercially released recording by Metallica.
 Crash Landing was the eighth studio album by American guitarist Jimi Hendrix released in March and August 1975 in the United States and the United Kingdom respectively. It was the fifth Hendrix studio album released after his death and was the first to be produced by Alan Douglas.
 The Dave Dobbyn Collection is a 1992 compilation album by New Zealand singer-songwriter Dave Dobbyn. It charted at number 4 on the New Zealand Music Chart.
 Peter Buck is the debut solo album from Peter Buck.
 Dreams So Real is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton featuring compositions by Carla Bley recorded in 1975 and released on the ECM label.The album reached number twenty-five in Billboards Jazz albums charts.
 Live...Again: Live at Montreux is a live album by American jazz pianist Don Pullen and the African-Brazilian Connection recorded in 1993 at the Montreux Jazz Festival for the Blue Note label.
 Highball with the Devil is a studio album by Les Claypool and the Holy Mackerel released in 1996. Les Claypool and the Holy Mackerel is Claypool's first solo effort; many of the instruments on the album are played by Claypool himself including guitar most of the drums and vocals as well as all of the bass. He also self produced and engineered the album at his own studio Rancho Relaxo.
 Cosmic Peekaboo is the seventh album by The Free Design. Released in 2001 it was the sunshine pop group's first album after a long hiatus.The album features original members—and siblings—Sandy Chris and Bruce Dedrick along with Rebecca Pellett.
 Poletown is the eighth album by American rock singer Donnie Iris released in 1997.
 Gaia II: La Voz Dormida is a 2005 album by Spanish folk metal group Mägo de Oz. It is a continuation of Gaia in which Azaak is captured by the Spanish Inquisition and awaits her execution.The subtitle La voz dormida refers to a novel by Dulce Chacón about a group of women imprisoned during the Spanish Civil War.
 Gold is the sixth U.S. compilation album by American singer-actress Cher released on March 1 2005 by Geffen Records. The album was released only two years after the multi-platinum The Very Best of Cher.
 Spring is a music album released by Norwegian musician Finn Coren in 1997. All the songs are texts by William Blake with music by Coren.
 Turtle Soup is the last original studio album by The Turtles. It was released in 1969 on the White Whale Records label. The album was produced by Ray Davies of The Kinks – the first time he produced another artist's record. A 1993 Repertoire Records CD-issue included 8 bonus tracks.Turtle Soup peaked at #117 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.
 Safety In Numbers is the second studio album by American electronica musician & percussionist David Van Tieghem released in 1987. Tony Levin the longtime bassist for King Crimson plays Chapman Stick on track 4. Safety In Numbers' music has been described as a downtown mix of pop new age percussion music and electronic music.
 Love People is the sixth album (including Christmas with The Jets) recorded with Liberty Park Records by the family group The Jets. It featured all new songs recorded by The Jets.
 Mirage is an album by the Arizona alternative rock band Meat Puppets.The album was reissued in 1999 by Rykodisc with five additional bonus tracks including early demos of The Mighty Zero I Am a Machine and Liquified as well as a cover of the Elvis Presley song Rubberneckin' and the previously unreleased Grand Intro. As an added bonus this album includes an Enhanced CD partition for play on home computers.
 Metalhead is the fourteenth studio album by heavy metal band Saxon released in 1999 (see 1999 in music).
 Octane Twisted is a live album released by Porcupine Tree on 5 November 2012. The album contains a live performance of the band's 2009 album The Incident in its entirety recorded at the Riviera Theater in Chicago on 30 April 2010. The second CD contains other tracks also recorded in Chicago (CD 2 tracks 1–4) along with 3 songs from the band's show at Royal Albert Hall in London on 14 October 2010 (CD 2 tracks 5–7).
 My Name Is Joe is the third studio album by American R&B singer Joe released April 18 2000 on Jive Records. Recording sessions took place in 1999. Produced was handled by Joe and several other record producers including Allen Allstar Gordon Teddy Riley and Tim & Bob. Beforehand Joe released All That I Am (1997) which was his most successful album until this one.
 33 is the debut release by British gothic rock/Indie rock band Esben and the Witch released in 2009 by themselves and features early recording's of Eumenides and future single Marching Song.it was recorded in Rachel Davies bedroom and they released it in 2009 themselves. It was available as a free download of their website and hand-made CD's were released at early shows and local record shops in Brighton.
 Metal Racer is the first video album released by German heavy metal band Warlock in 1986. The VHS contains live footage of a concert played at Camden Palace Theatre in London on 24 September 1985 during the European tour promoting the studio album Hellbound. The VHS was published in the USA through PolyGram Video. Starting from 2001 the video was re-issued by various publishers in DVD format under different titles and often with the title Doro Pesch and Warlock: Live.
 Dead Man's Shoes is a studio recorded album released by British AOR/hard rock band FM. Dead Man's Shoes was released in 1995 on the Raw Power record label.
 The Bridge In Blue is the fourth and last album from The Brooklyn Bridge renamed The Bridge released by Buddah Records.
 Utter Hell is the first album of the Norwegian retro thrash metal band Infernö. The music and lyrics are often inspired by German thrash metal bands such as Kreator and Destruction. It was released in 1996.
 The Joy of Gunz is an album by the Norwegian aggrotech band Combichrist. The album shows the very first sound of Combichrist ‒ a mixture of power noise and harsh electronic body music ‒ which later evolved into what LaPlegua dubbed techno-body-music (TBM). Compared to later Combichrist works The Joy of Gunz is also very limited as far as vocals are concerned.
 Ridgeriders is a studio album and TV series from 1999 and 2001. The TV series featured Nick Knowles and was shown Thursdays on Meridian Television from 7 June 2001 about the Southern English trackways (Nick Knowles takes to the saddle once again for a new four-part series of Ridgeriders which follows the ancient trackways of the South of England). The album is a collaboration album between Phil Beer Ashley Hutchings and Chris While. It is the soundtrack album to the TV series.
 Mother Focus is the fifth studio album by the band Focus. It was released in 1975 on Atco Records. The album marks a departure from the progressive rock style that dominated the group's prior work and heralds a poppier often disco-influenced sound with occasional touches of light jazz and funk.
 New Amerykah Part Two (Return of the Ankh) is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Erykah Badu released March 30 2010 on Universal Motown. Production for the album was handled by several producers including J Dilla Questlove James Poyser Madlib 9th Wonder Sa-Ra Georgia Anne Muldrow and Karriem Riggins.
 Ring of Changes is the twelfth studio album by British rock band Barclay James Harvest released in 1983.
 10000 Watts of Artificial Pleasures (often stylized as 10.000 Watts of Artificial Pleasures) is the debut EP album as well as the very first project by Italian industrial rock band Dope Stars Inc.. It was released periodically throughout 2003. Being self-produced and distributed the band created a street team to sell copies of the album in order to get the attention of labels for future projects.
 Dusty is the second album of singer Dusty Springfield to be released in the USA. It was issued on the Philips Records label in 1964 and includes Springfield's hit singles All Cried Out I Just Don't Know What To Do With Myself and the double A-side Guess Who?/Live It Up.
 Jefe de Jefes (Boss of Bosses) is the title of a studio album released by Mexican group Los Tigres del Norte. This album became their first number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums and received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album and Regional Mexican Album of the Year at the Lo Nuestro Awards of 1998.
 Mystic Chords & Sacred Spaces (2003) is a four disc album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach. The music consists mostly of meditative pure electronic textures similar to The Magnificent Void. Disc four contains a 73 minute track titled “Piece of Infinity”.This album is also available in two 2-disc volumes.
 Ofra Haza At Montreux Jazz Festival is a 1998 album by Israeli singer Ofra Haza. The recording which captures Haza and a five-piece band live at the Montreux Jazz Festival in July 1990 comprises material from her international studio albums Shaday Yemenite Songs and Desert Wind including hit singles like Im Nin' Alu Galbi Shaday Ya Ba Ye as well as Yemeni Jewish traditionals and the a cappella performance of Love Song with lyrics from The Song of Songs.
 Sou Hrostao Akoma Ena Klama (Greek: Σου Χρωστάω Ακόμα Ένα Κλάμα; English: I owe you one more cry) is the title of the twelfth studio album by the popular Greek artist Peggy Zina released on 4 October 2012 by Minos EMI in Greece and Cyprus.
 Gang Culture is a live album which features Ice-T performing live on his tour in Europe in 1994 and 1995. It was released in 2004 by Charly Records.
 All We Love We Leave Behind is the eighth studio album by the American rock band Converge. The album was released on October 9 2012 through Epitaph Records.
 We've All Been There is the debut solo album by American singer-songwriter Alex Band best known for being the former lead vocalist and songwriter of rock band The Calling. The album was released on June 29 2010 through Band's own label AMB Records in a distribution deal with EMI Records.The album was delayed numerous times since recording was originally completed back in 2007.
 Unblackened is a live acoustic album by Black Label Society. It was recorded live on March 6 2013 at Club Nokia in Los Angeles. Disc 1 consists on live tracks and Disc 2 consists also of live tracks among 6 newly recorded songs which of 3 are re-recordings of previously released songs of Black Label Society's studio albums. The album was announced back in 2012 but was delayed due to the delaying of the show which was settled to be recorded in August.
 Bachbusters Music of Johann Sebastian Bach as realized by Don Dorsey on digital and other authentic period synthesizers.
 No Matter How Far is the sixth studio album by American singer-songwriter David Archuleta. The album is composed of ten tracks which feature a mix of new recorded material and previously unreleased U.S. tracks. Its carrier single “Don't Run Away” was released on February 12.
 Live in Zurich is an album released in 1982. It was the fifth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and the fourth to be released on the Italian Black Saint label.The album features live performances by Hamiet Bluiett Julius Hemphill Oliver Lake and David Murray recorded in Zurich on November 6 1981. The album is notable for featuring Julius Hemphill's compositions almost exclusively apart from opening and closing versions of the 'WSQ theme' Hattie Wall.
 Harmoni Cinta (Love's Harmony) is an album by Gita Gutawa. It was released in 2009 by Sony Music Indonesia with a part of the sales used to send poor students to school. Produced over a period of nine months it was a collaboration between Gutawa and numerous Indonesian musicians including her father Erwin Melly Goeslaw and Glenn Fredly.
 Soul Sister is an album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1960 and released on the Prestige label in 1966.
 Zabalaza is the first solo release from the South African kwaito performer Thandiswa Mazwai. Before this album Thandiswa was most famously known as the lead singer for the kwaito group Bongo Maffin. Zabalaza Xhosa for Rebellion is a shining example of the integrative style of kwaito and Thandiswa has infused this album with the sounds of her roots: kwaito traditional Xhosa music mbaqanga reggae and even gospel music.
 Deliver Us is the fifth studio album by American melodic death metal band Darkest Hour. It was released on July 10 2007 through Victory Records. The album debuted at number 110 on the Billboard album charts with sales of 6600. Sanctuary is featured in the video game Tony Hawk's Proving Ground while Demon(s) is featured in Guitar Hero 5 and Doomsayer was made available in Guitar Hero: Warriors of Rock through the Darkest Hour Track Pack the last to be released by Activision.
 Just One More is the fourth full-length release from the Mad Caddies. This album mixes lots of ska punk reggae and even a little polka as well. The subject matter throughout this CD in comparison to their others is significantly more serious.
 Nothing But The Truth is the second studio album by Australian music group Southern Sons. The album was released in Australia in November 1992 and reached number 26 on the ARIA charts. The album was re-released in 1994 with the bonus track Silent Witnesses. The album was also released in the Australian iTunes Store as a digital download in 2010.
 Country Airs is a piano album written by Rick Wakeman and released in 1986.The album reached number one in the UK New Age charts. It was followed by two sequels called Sea Airs and Night Airs. The former being released in 1989 and the latter being released in 1990.
 Global Underground 009: Sasha San Francisco is a DJ mix album in the Global Underground series compiled and mixed by Sasha. The mix is a retrospective look at a set at Spundae at club 1015 Folsom in San Francisco USA.After John Digweed made his first appearance for GU speculation was rife that the other half of his wildly successful DJ partnership would also join the ranks.
 STP Not LSD is the third album by Angry Samoans released in 1988.
 Out of the Fierce Parade is the full-length debut album from The Velvet Teen. It was released in the US on March 19 2002 and on June 4 2003 in Japan. The album's artwork was designed by Logan Whitehurst and the album was co-produced by the band with Christopher Walla of Death Cab for Cutie. Music videos were created for the songs Radiapathy and The Prize Fighter (the latter directed by Abe Levy).
 Wild Life (2007) is the second album of the Pinoy rock band Pupil. The album features Wendell Garcia as the band's new drummer. The band's former drummer Bogs Jugo still plays drums in the track Set Me Apart the band's last song with him.The carrier single of the album entitled Sala has reached the top spot in NU 107's Stairway to Seven daily countdown.
 Belinda is the self-titled debut studio album by Spanish-born Mexican recording artist Belinda. It was released in Mexico by Sony BMG and internationally by RCA Records on August 5 2003. The album was certified doule platinum and gold in Mexico on March 11 2005 selling over 2.5 million copies worldwide.
 Z-Rock Hawaii was released in 1996 by Gene Ween and Dean Ween of the band Ween and the Japanese artists Yamantaka Eye Seiichi Yamamoto Yoshimi P-We and Yoshikawa Toyohito of Boredoms.
 Only the Dead See the End of the War is the debut EP released by Iraqi thrash metal band Acrassicauda on March 9 2010. All 4 songs featured on the disc are about the war in their native country Iraq.
 A la Carte is the fourth album to be released by Austrian band Erste Allgemeine Verunsicherung (EAV) in 1984.A la Carte is quite a well known French expression (meaning according to the card) which is used worldwide. The album cover is a satirical take on this as it shows a green pig's head wearing headphones and eating a vinyl disc. This album was released a few times in Germany and The Netherlands.
 My Boyfriend's Back is the second album issued by American girl group The Angels in 1963. It was heavily weighted upon the success of the title track My Boyfriend's Back which was a number one hit; composed by the team of Bob Feldman Jerry Goldstein and Richard Gottehrer. Peggy Santiglia was by this time the lead singer of The Angels but included on the album is the group's first hit Till which was originally recorded in 1961 with the group's previous lead singer Linda Jansen.
 Hi-Tek is the second solo album by rapper Keak da Sneak and considered to be his best album by fans. It was released on June 16 2001 for Moe Doe Records and was produced by Ant Banks Rick Rock One Drop Scott Tone Capone D-Dre and Keak da Sneak. The album was a modest success peaking at #95 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums #18 on the Top Independent Albums and #37 on the Top Heatseekers and selling 6510 copies in its first week out.
 Crazy Peoples Right to Speak is the third album by the British new wave/pop rock band Kajagoogoo released in 1985. For this release the band had shortened its name to Kaja a name the band used earlier for the U.S. release of their second album Islands. By this time the band was a three-piece as drummer Jez Strode had quit in 1984.The album was not a commercial success and failed to make the UK Top 100.
 Strikes is the third studio album by the American Southern rock band Blackfoot released in April 1979. The album has received from the RIAA a platinum certification in April 1986. The album features two minor pop hits: Highway Song (#26) and Train Train (#38).
 Bloodsport is the third album by Sneaker Pimps. It was released on January 22 2002.Despite being a UK chart flop it made the Austrian top 75 album chart at #68.
 Ballads of the Day is an original jazz compilation by Nat King Cole. It was released in 1956. The album reached a peak position of number 16 on the Billboard 200.
 Back to Then is the debut studio album released by the singer/songwriter Darius Rucker lead singer of Hootie & The Blowfish. The album was a departure for him as this project was a contemporary R&B album as compared to his group's pop/rock efforts.In 2001 he recorded his first solo album The Return of Mongo Slade for Atlantic Records. However due to contractual changes it was never released.
 The End Begins is a solo EP released by Jim Ward. It is the third and final episode of his acoustic EP trilogy. It was released February 14 2011 via Tembloroso.com through digital download. This is the only EP from Ward's acoustic trilogy that was released through digital download only.The song Lake Travis is entirely an instrumental track with no lyrics. Waves In Spanish is a narrative. Decades is a love song that Ward wrote for his wife.
 BZ20 is the fifth studio album by Irish boy band Boyzone released on 22 November 2013 by Rhino Records. It was mainly produced by Brian Rawling Paul Meehan and Matt Furmidge.
 Psonic Psunspot is the tenth studio album by the English band XTC which was released under their pseudonym The Dukes of Stratosphear in 1987.Like the previous album 25 O'Clock this album is inspired by 1960s psychedelia. It showcases a variety of songs meant to evoke specific groups of that period (for instance the Hollies on Vanishing Girl the Byrds on You're My Drug The Kinks on You're a Good Man Albert Brown (Curse You Red Barrel) and the Beach Boys on Pale and Precious).
 Daniel Amos released their self-titled debut album in 1976 on the Maranatha! Music label. This eponymous album was produced by Al Perkins.Heavily influenced by The Band Steely Dan and The Byrds' Sweetheart of the Rodeo D.A.'s debut full length album temporarily leaves behind the rock and roll roots of the band members earlier bands although many of the songs came from those days.
 The Woman I Am is the eighth studio album by American R&B/funk singer Chaka Khan released on Warner Bros. Records in 1992. It was Khan's first studio album since 1988's CK and due to artistic differences between Khan and Warner Bros. Records it was also to be her final full-length release for the label.
 Cuban Fire! is an album recorded by Stan Kenton and his orchestra in 1956. This has become one of the most influential Latin jazz large-ensemble recordings of all time; it was a first for the Kenton big band in terms of popularity style and overall album theme. The LP charted for 4 weeks in Billboard Magazine starting in the September 15 1956 edition and topped out at #17.
 Filth is an album by breakcore artist Venetian Snares.The track Kakarookee Hates Me contains samples from the track Poor Kakarookee from Funk's earlier album Songs About My Cats.
 Insult to Injury is the third full-length studio album from New Jersey thrash metal band Whiplash. It follows 1987's Ticket to Mayhem. It was six years before a largely changed line-up recorded a new album Cult of One. This album saw the addition of a vocalist Glenn Hansen as Tony Portaro concentrated on guitar duties instead of the dual role he had performed on previous albums.
 You Are There is the fourth studio album by the Japanese instrumental rock band Mono a double album released on 15 March 2006. The album was recorded in 2005 at Electrical Audio in Chicago Illinois with recording engineer Steve Albini. The CD version comes with a removable paper slipcase around the jewelcase which can be flipped around to provide two different versions of cover art.
 I Got Next is emcee KRS-One's third official solo album. It remains his best-selling album to date receiving the RIAA certification for Gold-level sales. The album sold 94000 copies the week it peaked at #3 on the Billboard 200 chart.Detroit emcee Phat Kat used a lyrical excerpt from A Friend for his 2007 J Dilla-produced single Don't Nobody Care About Us from his album Carte Blanche.
 Baccara is the debut studio album by Spanish duo Baccara first released on RCA Victor in West Germany in 1977. It contains the European hit singles Yes Sir I Can Boogie and Sorry I'm A Lady.The rights to the RCA-Victor back catalogue are currently held by Sony BMG Music Entertainment - the original Baccara album in its entirety remains unreleased on compact disc.
 Break the Cycle is the third studio album of the American rock band Staind released through Elektra Entertainment and Flip Records in 2001. It is Staind's most successful album to date and was the album that broke them into the mainstream. It was a huge international success for the band as it spent 3 weeks at number 1 position in the U.S. album charts and many weeks in the top 10 album charts of The Billboard 200 the UK and New Zealand. It sold 4 million copies in 2001.
 Kuolema (Finnish for death) is the second studio album by the Finnish dark metal band Ajattara. It was released in 2003 on Spikefarm Records.
 1999 is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Prince. It released on October 27 1982 by Warner Bros. Records. The album was his first top ten album on the Billboard 200 chart in the United States (peaking at number 9) and became the fifth best-selling album of 1983 and was certified 4 times Platinum by RIAA. 1999 was Prince's breakthrough album but his next album Purple Rain would become his most successful.
 Peaceful World is the eighth studio album (a double-LP) by rock band The Rascals released in May 1971. It peaked at number 122 on the Billboard 200 chart. The single Love Me reached number 95 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Napster Session 2008 is a live download-only EP by German pop band Fools Garden released in 2008.
 Fi Eshg El Banat (Arabic: في عشق البنات‎) is a 2000 studio album by Mohamed Mounir.
 The Duel is a 1947 jazz album by saxophonists Dexter Gordon and Teddy Edwards.
 Arrab Kaman is the fourth studio album by Tamer Hosny released on June 24 2008.It was first considered that the album's title would be Ohdonny Awi but it was later changed to be Arrab Kaman.[citation needed]
 Still Life was an album by Tasmanian rock band The Paradise Motel. It was released to largely positive reviews in 1996.
 Play a Part EP is the second EP from Sydney band Expatriate. By the time the EP was released touring bassist Dave Molland had become a permanent member of the band. However he did not contribute to the recording of this EP.
 Steppin' Out is an album by Tony Bennett released in 1993.Backed by the Ralph Sharon Trio and themed as a tribute to Fred Astaire the album continued Bennett's commercial comeback; like the previous year's Perfectly Frank it achieved gold record status in the United States and in 1994 won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Performance.
 11 is the third full-length album by The Smithereens. It was released on October 18 1989 (see 1989 in music).
 Out Of The Gutter is an album by the band Cockney Rejects released in 2002.
 I Believe is the fourth studio album by Marvin Sapp and his debut on Verity Records.
 Hate Campaign is the fifth album by Dismember.
 Learning to Breathe is the third studio album by the band Switchfoot. It was released on September 26 2000. It was their final record for independent label re:think Records which was distributed by Sparrow Records. This album also received a Grammy nomination for Best Rock Gospel Album in 2001.
 Hard to Be a Rock'n Roller is the first album by the Norwegian rock band Wig Wam.The album was released on January 10 2005. The album was original released on March 8 2004 under the name 667..
 Across a Wire: Live in New York City (also known as Across a Wire: Live in New York for short) is the third album released by Counting Crows released on July 14 1998. It is a double-live album featuring songs from their first two albums August and Everything After (1993) and Recovering the Satellites (1996).
 Grandmaster Melle Mel and the Furious Five was released in 1984 by Sugarhill Records after the split between Grandmaster Flash and Melle Mel. For this album Melle Mel kept the group name 'the Furious Five' (although the line-up changed) and used the title 'Grandmaster'. Rappers Cowboy and Scorpio left with Melle Mel although Mel's brother Kidd Creole (N. Glover) and Rahiem remained with Flash. New rappers King Lou Kami Kaze and Tommy Gunn joined as did Flash's best friend E. Z. Mike as DJ.
 The Question Jar Show is a two-disk live album by singer Mike Doughty. It includes live acoustic recordings performed by himself with his partner Andrew Scrap Livingston. In between some songs the duo answer questions that audience members wrote and placed in a jar at the front of the stage before the shows started.
 Oyoun Qalbi (also romanized as Oyoun Albi) is Najwa Karam's tenth studio album. It was released in 2000.
 Best of the West Rides Again is a compilation recording by the Western band Riders in the Sky in 1989.This is the second compilation taken from the Rounder albums presented by Riders in the Sky.
 Hannah Montana Forever is the soundtrack album for the fourth and final season of the television series Hannah Montana released on October 15 2010 by Walt Disney Records. All eleven tracks are performed by the its primary actress Miley Cyrus and are credited to her titular character Hannah Montana. Recording artists Billy Ray Cyrus Iyaz and Sheryl Crow appear as featured vocalists.
 Hrvatske Narodne Pjesme 1 is an album by a Herzegovinian singer and patriot Mate Bulić. It contains an assortment of traditional Croatian songs. Track 7 is a duet with Anica Martinović.
 Jupiter (ジュピター Jupitā stylized as jupiter) is Japanese rock band Bump of Chicken' third and major debut studio album released on February 20 2002. It peaked at #1 on the Oricon Weekly Charts. jupiter was #45 on the 2002 Oricon Top 100 Albums.
 Crunk Rock is the solo debut album by American crunk artist Lil Jon released on June 8 2010 by BME and Universal Republic. The characters at the bottom of the album's cover are Japanese katakana characters which read Kurunku Rokku the Japanese transcription of the album's title.
 Bite & Chew is a demo by Backyard Babies released in 1991. This is classed as The Backyard Babies first 'proper' release which spawned the single Something to Swallow and the minor video hit God's Favourite.
 One is an album by American country music artists George Jones and Tammy Wynette. This album was released on June 20 1995 on the MCA Nashville Records label. It was Jones and Wynette's first album together in 15 years; it would also turn out to be their last album together. The album was Wynette's last studio album she would record before her death in 1998.
 Complete History Volume Two is a compilation album by the Washington D.C. hardcore punk band Government Issue compiling the band's recordings from 1987 to 1989. It was released January 22 2002 through Dr. Strange Records as a sequel to 2000's Complete History Volume One. Together the two Complete History albums collect nearly all of the band's recorded output.
 Nasa Arab was the only release ever to be credited to Coil Vs. The Eskaton. The Eskaton however is Coil so the release is basically though not officially just by Coil. The 12 release was limited to 2500 copies.The song Nasa Arab originally appeared in a shorter form on the album Stolen & Contaminated Songs.
 One Minute Science is the debut studio album from the British industrial music/hard rock band Sunna.The Album was released on 15 August 2000 in the United States on the Astralwerks label and on 6 November 2000 in the United Kingdom on the Melankolic label. Three singles were released for the album O.D Power Struggle and I'm Not Trading.
 No One Can Do It Better is The D.O.C.'s debut album released on June 16 1989. It reached number-one on the US Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart for two weeks while peaking in the Top 20 on the Billboard 200 chart. The album was certified gold by the RIAA three months after it was released and platinum on April 21 1994. This was the only solo album The D.O.C. was able to record before a car accident resulted in crushing his larynx; in recent years however he has been undergoing vocal surgery.
 Алсу is the self-titled debut album by the Russian pop-singer Alsou. The album was recorded and released in Russia on September 15 1999. By March 2000 nearly 500.000 copies of this album were sold in Russia and more than 200.000 copies in other CIS countries. To support this album Alsou gave some live performances in Russia and other countries during the 2000 and beginning of 2001.
 Before I'm Over You is the second studio album by American country singer Loretta Lynn.Before I'm Over You was released in 1964 on Decca Records. The album was the second album of Lynn's and consisted of 12 previously unrecorded tracks. The album released two singles Before I'm Over You and Wine Women and Song both of which reached the Top 10 in 1964 jumpstarting Lynn's career for her breakthrough in 1967.
 Amber Headlights is an album by Greg Dulli. In 2001 Dulli started to work on the follow-up to The Twilight Singers' debut album Twilight as Played by The Twilight Singers. However the death of his close friend Ted Demme in January 2002 led him to decide to start a new project in tribute to Demme that would eventually become Blackberry Belle. The song Get the Wheel became Follow You Down on Blackberry Belle.
 Puzzle is the sixth album by Gianna Nannini and was released in 1984.
 A Dónde Me Lleva La Vida is an album by La Renga released in 1994. After the independently produced Esquivando Charcos the band published A Dónde Me Lleva La Vida in the same way in November 1993. Four months later negotiations led to Polygram gaining production and image rights. The multinational is in charge of the distribution of the album and spent 25000 dollars on the video for El Rito de Los Corazones Sangrando.
 María José is an EP by María José Castillo released in 2008 by Sony BMG Latin America. It has been certified Gold for selling +5000 copies. It is often considered as only an EP because it only has six tracks and has not enough length to be an album. Sometimes it is considered as an album although María José is an EP.
 What We Have Sown (2007) is the sixth album by The Pineapple Thief recorded over the span of eight weeks during the development of Tightly Unwound (compare with 8 Days and 8 Days Later).
 The Storyman is singer Chris de Burgh's 16th original album released in 2006. The album is a collection of songs with accompanying stories.
 Teloitus (English: Execution) is the second studio album by the Finnish death metal band Sotajumala. It entered the Finnish charts at position 17 on its release week.
 Beauty & the Streets Vol. 1 is one of two mixtape by American recording artist Mýa. It is her first mixtape (compilation) to be released by Young Empire Music Group with distribution from Fontana Distribution on September 29 2009. The project came to surface when Harrison felt as though she had abandoned her U.S. fan base and wanted to release music for them.
 Ali e radici (Wings and Roots) also known by its Spanish name Alas y raíces is a 2009 studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Eros Ramazzotti.Four years after the issue of his last studio album and two years after his (best of) compilation album Eros circulates his new studio album with the title Ali e radici which consists of eleven songs. His new album is available in a standard edition as well as in a deluxe edition (the latter includes 64-page booklet of photographs).
 The Naked Ride Home is the twelfth album by American singer/songwriter Jackson Browne released in 2002 (see 2002 in music). It peaked at number 36 on The Billboard 200 chart. The single The Night Inside Me reached number 25 on the Adult Contemporary chart.Guests included Keb' Mo' and Greg Leisz.
 Faster Than the Speed of Night is an album by Bonnie Tyler released in 1983. Her fifth album and her most successful it includes her global #1 hit Total Eclipse of the Heart. The album entered the UK album charts at #1 - a pioneering first for any female artist according to The Guinness Book of British Hit Albums. It reached #4 on the Billboard album chart in the US.
 Opus Nocturne is the third studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was recorded and mixed at Hellspawn Studios in September 1994 and released that December by Osmose Productions. It was re-released in digipak format that included bonus rehearsal tracks on June 27 2006. Opus Nocturne is the last Marduk album to feature Joakim Göthberg on vocals and Dan Swanö as mixer.
 Atomic Soul is Symphony X's lead singer Russell Allen's debut solo album. It was released on April 26 2005. The album is different from Symphony X's harder more progressive sound and has been dubbed by many including Allen himself as Hard Rock. The album was released in 2005 on the InsideOut Music label.
 Ellipse is the third studio album from Grammy Award-winning British singer-songwriter Imogen Heap. After returning from a round the world writing trip Heap completed the album at her childhood home in Essex converting her old playroom in the basement into a studio. The album got its name from the distinctive elliptical shape of the house.The album's title was confirmed by Heap via her Twitter page on 25 April 2009 after being leaked onto the internet on 23 April.
 Porgy & Bess is an album by American jazz guitarist Mundell Lowe and his All Stars featuring their interpretations of the George Gershwin folk opera Porgy and Bess recorded in 1958 for the RCA Camden label.
 The Menace is the second album by English alternative rock group Elastica released via Deceptive Records in April 2000.
 Thirsty is Marvin Sapp's seventh studio album and his fourth release on Verity Records. The album was commercially successful in Gospel Music peaking at numer 28 on the U.S. Billboard 200 number 4 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and number 1 on the Top Gospel Albums chart. It has been certified Gold by the RIAA on July 9 2008 and has sold over 712000 copies as of March 2010. This is Marvin Sapp's best selling album of his solo career.
 The Cover Up is the third album from I Am the World Trade Center the New York City based synthpop band. This is the first album released after the closure of the band's record label Kindercore which was co-founded by Dan Geller. Also this is the first album conducted by Dan Geller and Amy Dykes after their romantic break-up. The album contains a cover of The Jam's Going Underground and was released in 2004.
 Help Wanted Nights is the fourth album by the Omaha-based band The Good Life released on September 11 2007 on Saddle Creek Records. Currently frontman Tim Kasher has moved to Los Angeles and has written a screenplay entitled Help Wanted Nights.
 Live is singer-songwriter James Taylor's fifteenth album and first live album. Released in 1993 this double CD presents selections from 14 shows during a November 1992 tour. Live peaked at number 20 on Billboard magazine's Billboard 200.A single-album version of highlights of this double album called Best Live was also released. There are two different versions of this album. A 17 track version was released in 1993. A shorter 12 track version was released on June 21 1994.
 Anthems in Eden is a 1969 album by Shirley and Dolly Collins with the Early Music Consort of London directed by David Munrow. The album originally consisted of a 28-minute set of folk songs plus seven other individual pieces performed by the same group. The musical arrangements for these eight pieces included early music instruments such as viols recorders sackbuts and crumhorns.
 Loveppears (stylized as LOVEppears; sometimes written Love appears) is Ayumi Hamasaki's second studio album. Following the trend of the time remixes of the songs from Loveppears were released on a second disc.Loveppears sold 1201870 copies in its debut week. Like Hamasaki's debut album Loveppears also topped the Oricon and stayed on the charts for 64 weeks. Loveppears is the 39th best selling album in Japan of all time.
 The Folded Palm is the third album by Frog Eyes released on September 14 2004 on Absolutely Kosher Records.
 The Sacred Talisman is the third album by Swedish power metal band Nocturnal Rites their second on Century Media.
 Jersey Tomato vol. 2 (live at the Metlar Bodine Museum) is a live album by progressive rock band Echolyn. It is available as a digital download (from the band's official website) but had only a limited physical release of 100 CD-R copies printed by the band. Thirty-five of these went free to those fans who paid $50 to attend the show in question. The remaining 65 copies were sold via the band's official mailing list. The release was signed by all the current members of the band.
 The Curse is the third studio album of the American heavy metal band Omen. It was originally released in 1986 by Metal Blade. In 1996 Metal Blade re-released The Curse with the EP Nightmares as bonus tracks.This is the final studio album recorded by Omen's original lineup.
 Pipes & Flowers is the debut album by Italian singer Elisa released in Italy in 1997 by Sugar Records. It followed the single Sleeping in Your Hand.In 1998 the album was re-released with the bonus track Cure Me.Always in 1997 the second single Labyrinth' was released. In 1998 another two singles Mr. Want and Cure me was released while A Feast For Me was a solo radio hit.
 Disambiguation: Not to be confused with Hammer & Tongs.Hammer and Tongs is the second album from the Scottish rock group Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie. It was recorded in Germany in 1989 at Berlin's Hansa Ton Studios just as the Fall of the Berlin Wall occurred. The album sat on the shelf for almost 18 months in which time the band were transferred across EMI record labels from Capitol to Parlophone who released two singles from the album in 1990.
 The original soundtrack for Jaws was released by MCA in 1975 and as a CD in 1992 including roughly a half hour of music that John Williams redid for the album. In 2000 two versions of the score were released: one in a re-recording of the entire Jaws score by Royal Scottish National Orchestra conducted by Joel McNeely and another to coincide with the release of the 25th anniversary DVD by Decca/Universal featuring the entire 51 minutes of the original score.
 Like A Waterfall is James Marsters' second solo album. In this album Marsters moves away from his original rock sound and he plays songs with a much more bluesy feel to them.
 Béla Fleck and the Flecktones is the first album by the band of the same name released in 1990. It reached number 17 on the Billboard Top Contemporary Jazz Albums chart. At the Grammy Awards of 1997 a live version of The Sinister Minister a track from the album won the Best Pop Instrumental Performance award.
 Things Here Are Different is the first album by American singer/songwriter Jill Sobule released in 1990. (see 1990 in music). It contained the singles Living Color and Too Cool to Fall in Love.
 Kiss Serious is the second album from singer Chico DeBarge. It was the last album released before his drug arrest with oldest brother Bobby DeBarge of Switch fame.
 Scooped is a two CD compilation album including tracks from Pete Townshend's three albums Scoop Another Scoop and Scoop 3. It was released in the US on the Redline label. A booklet is included that contains Townshend's commentary on the inspiration ideas and instrumentation behind each song.
 Highways & Dance Halls is the third studio album released by American country music artist Ty England.
 Shiver is the first country album by the country music artist Jamie O'Neal. Released on October 31 2000 the album reached its peak of number 14 on the U.S. Top Country Albums chart and number 125 on the Billboard 200. It was certified Gold by the RIAA for sales of 500000. The album was released through Mercury Nashville Records.
 Initiation is the second full length album by TheStart that was released in 2004. The CD includes an enhanced feature with commentary by Aimee Echo on recording the album as well as a music video of the single Like Days.
 Umoja is an album made by the Dutch band BLØF. It was made in 2006. It was produced with help of many foreign artists. It had already been sold 50.000 times before it was released. It was the number one album sold in the Netherlands in the month after the release date. Umoja is Swahili for 'be one'.A documentary about the album was made in September 2007.
 The Glory Hole is the fourth and final studio album from Scottish band Goodbye Mr. Mackenzie.
 Greatest Hits is the 1990 video containing the greatest hits of The Bangles. The video was also released on DVD in 2005 however it is the same version with the same quality. The video contains the music videos of the greatest hits of The Bangles in the 1980s.
 Reba Live is Reba McEntire's first and only live album to date. It features material primarily from her MCA recordings including several covers (Respect Jolene Mama Tried Night Life and Sweet Dreams). The album had no singles promoted from it but still sold respectably. It won the Favorite Country Album award at the American Music Awards.
 It Only Hurts When I Laugh is the second album by Jann Browne. Among its highlights are a cover of Nanci Griffith's I Wish It Would Rain the title song It Only Hurts When I Laugh (penned by Kostas and Marty Stuart) Where the Sidewalk Ends (later recorded by George Strait for the soundtrack to his acting debut in the motion picture Pure Country) and the old country standard My Shoes Keep Walking Back to You.
 Bad Brains is the first full-length studio album recorded by Bad Brains. It was originally released on cassette only but has since been re-released by ROIR on both CD and vinyl.When the album was released in 1982 fans and critics alike were stunned to learn that the musicians behind this album – one of the fastest albums of all time upon its release – were African-American Rastafarians who also were skilled at reggae.
 The Word as Law is the second album from Californian band Neurosis. It was released in 1990 through Lookout! Records. Although this album is still firmly rooted in the band's early crossover thrash style it showcases some of their more experimental tendencies and can be seen as a precursor to their eventual transformation.The original 1990 release was on LP only. In 1991 the album was released on CD and featured several re-recorded tracks from previous releases as bonus material.
 Stranger is the third studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter and Sakerock frontman Gen Hoshino. It was released on 1 May 2013 in Japan on Speedstar Records.It was the first release since Hoshino's hiatus after he suffered subarachnoid hemorrhage at the end of 2012. As of May 2013 it is ranked 2nd on the Oricon music charts. All three singles promoting the album reached the top 10 — Film placed at #4 Yume no Soto e at #8 and Shiranai at #5.
 8-Bit Rebellion! is a soundtrack album for the game of the 8-Bit Rebellion! consisting of songs recorded by American rock band Linkin Park.It was released on April 26 2010 via Warner Bros. This is the second soundtrack released by the band.
 X is Australian rock band INXS's seventh studio album released in 1990. The follow-up to the massive seller Kick it peaked at No. 1 in Australia No. 5 in the United States No. 2 in the United Kingdom No. 5 in Switzerland and No. 10 in Sweden. The album contains four hit singles Suicide Blonde Disappear By My Side and Bitter Tears.
 Song in the Air is the third album by Elliott.
 Bicentennial Nigger is a comedy album by the American comedian Richard Pryor. David Banks produced the album while Warner Bros. Records released the album on a cassette tape in September 1976. It is often considered one of his most influential recordings. The CD version of the album was released on 20 June 1989.
 DJ Kicks: The Glimmers is a DJ mix album mixed by The Glimmers. It was released on 11 April 2005 on the Studio !K7 independent record label as part of the DJ-Kicks series.
 Zyzzybalubah is the second album by Vas Deferens Organization released in 1997 through Aether Records.
 Pubs Parks Theatres Clubs Church Halls Gardens Lounges & Band Rotundas is a 2006 album by New Zealand band Th' Dudes. This five-track CD features alternative versions of the band's most popular songs and was put together at the time of their 2006 reunion tour when Stebbing Studios showed no interest in re-releasing the band's back catalogue. The album was only available at venues for their tour.
 Through Clarity is the second EP by Japanese rock band coldrain released on July 4 2012 in Japan and on January 27 2014 in Europe.
 One Man Army is the second album by Scottish alternative folk rock band Kassidy. The album was released on September 27 2012 through Mercury Records.
 The Black Cat! is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1970 and released on the Prestige label.
 Mutineer is the ninth studio album by American singer/songwriter Warren Zevon released in 1995. (See 1995 in music).
 The Devil is the fifth album by Blue Stahli and his second vocal album following Blue Stahli. It will be released in chapters the first of which was released on December 17 2013.
 The Nacirema Dream is the debut studio album by American rapper Papoose. After many delays over the years it was released on March 26 2013 by Honor B4 Money Records and Fontana Records. The album features guest appearances from Mobb Deep Erykah Badu Jim Jones Jadakiss Remy Ma Mavado DJ Premier and Ron Browz among others. The album was supported by the three singles On Top of My Game featuring Mavado What's My Name featuring Remy Ma and Get At Me featuring Ron Browz.
 Bad Reputation is the debut solo album by Joan Jett originally self-released in 1980 as Joan Jett after her previous band The Runaways disbanded then re-issued on Boardwalk Records in 1981 as Bad Reputation.
 Vol. II is the fourth full length studio album by the rock band Hurt and was released on September 25 2007. This album shares many of the sorrowful and painful themes as Vol. I. However many songs on this album have slower tempos and more acoustic instrumentation while still maintaining a hard rock sound. Another change from Vol.
 Philharmonics is the first studio album by the Danish singer-songwriter Agnes Obel. It was released from 17 September 2010 by PIAS. The album received positive reviews from both Danish and international music critics. Philharmonics peaked at number one in Denmark and Belgium and charted inside the top ten in France and the Netherlands. The album has sold 450000 copies in Europe.
 The Light Between Us is the third studio album by the English band Scouting for Girls. It was released in the United Kingdom on 31 August 2012. The album includes the singles Love How It Hurts and Summertime In the City.
 Skylines is the first studio album by the American singer-songwriter Scott Liss released under the moniker NightOnlyVisual in 2005. It was recorded from June through September 2004 at Retromedia Sound Studios in Red Bank NJ with producer John Noll and engineer Paul Ritchie. The Design and Artwork was produced by Luis C. Araujo
 Time of No Reply is a 1986 compilation album featuring outtakes and alternative versions of songs by English folk singer Nick Drake. It was also included as the fourth disc of the 1986 version of the Nick Drake box set Fruit Tree.
 Afro-Classic is an album by flautist Hubert Laws released on the CTI label featuring performances of popular and classical music by Laws recorded at Rudy Van Gelder's studio in 1970.
 Self Help Serenade is the debut album by indie rock band Marjorie Fair first released in the United Kingdom and Europe on May 31 2004 and in the United States on July 19 2005. The album was produced and mixed by Rob Schnapf Empty Room was mixed by Tom Lord-Alge and the album features guest contributions from Jon Brion and Joey Waronker.
 The Trill: A Journey so Far is the second compilation album by Canadian rapper k-os. The album contains tracks from k-os's first three studio albums as well as some of the hit singles remixes and radio edits of a couple singles. The album also contains a leftover track from Yes!.
 Lost Change is the debut solo studio album released by The Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am. It was released on October 2 2001 by Atlantic Records and includes the underground hit I Am co-written with Koliyah White.
 Transform is the fourth album by American hard rock band Powerman 5000 released May 20 2003. It is an enhanced CD that includes the videos for Free and Action the album's two singles.
 Commitment sometimes known as Seal 6: Commitment is the seventh studio album by British singer Seal. It was released worldwide on 20 September 2010 with the exception of the United States where it was released on 28 September 2010. The album is produced by David Foster who also produced Seal's previous sixth studio album Soul. It debuted at number eleven on the UK Albums Chart becoming Seal's highest charting album on the chart since Seal IV in 2003.
 Dizzy in Greece is an album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie recorded in 1956 and 1957 and released on the Verve label. The album was reissued as part of the 2CD compilation Birks Works: The Verve Big Band Sessions.
 Women & Waves is the 2000 album by Jimmy Ibbotson.
 Singularity is the sixth and most recent solo album by Robby Krieger guitarist for The Doors. The album was released in 2010.
 Surviving the Quiet is the debut album proper by British band Seafood following 1998s singles compilation Messenger in the Camp. The album was released in January 2000.
 FutureSex/LoveShow: Live from Madison Square Garden is the second live release by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake. It was released on November 19 2007 by Jive Records.
 Rabbi III is the 3rd music album of Rabbi Shergill. Released exclusively by Universal Music worldwide on physical and digital formats on March 14 2012.
 The Road Leads Where It's Led is The Secret Machines' second EP released in 2005. In addition to the title-track a single from their debut album Now Here Is Nowhere the EP features several covers (including Van Morrison's Astral Weeks and Bob Dylan's Girl From the North Country) and a new song called Better Bring Your Friends.
 Sunbeam is an album by The Emotions. Sunbeam has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
 The Dissolving Room is Shearwater's first full-length album released on February 20 2001 by Grey Flat Records.
 The Sacrilicious Sounds of the Supersuckers is the third studio album by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers. It was released on August 8 1995 on Sub Pop.The word sacrilicious is a portmanteau of sacrilegious and delicious. It was popularized in Homer Loves Flanders a 1994 episode of the television series The Simpsons.
 Mercy Falls is the third studio album by Swedish progressive metal band Seventh Wonder. It is a concept album and tells the story of a victim of a car crash who awakes to find himself in the mysterious town of Mercy Falls a fictional world he has dreamed up in his comatose state.
 Truez Neva Stop is the third and final album released by Havoc & Prodeje. It was released on September 9 1997 for Quality Records and was produced by the duo and Talk Box.
 Bad Veins is the debut full-length album by the indie rock duo of the same name released on 21 February 2009 through Dangerbird Records. The first single off the album was Gold and Warm which was used on Good Morning America’s Your Three Words segment on February 27 2010.
 El Lilady (Arabic: الليلا دي‎) sometimes written El Leila Deis an award winning studio album by Amr Diab. The album was awarded a World Music Award as the best selling album in the Middle East for the year 2007. After being delayed several times the anticipated album was released on July 11 2007. The album has been a great success it topped the Middle Eastern charts for 19 weeks straight and 22 weeks overall.
 Angry Salad is the third album released by the band Angry Salad. It was released in 1999 by Blackbird Records a division of Atlantic Records.
 The Unrelenting Songs of the 1979 Post Disco Crash is a 2004 full-length album from breakcore artist Jason Forrest (aka Donnna Summer).
 L-O-V-E is a 1965 album by Nat King Cole arranged by Ralph Carmichael.
 Sibling Revelry: The Best of the Smothers Brothers was released by Rhino Records in 1988. A 1998 CD re-issue added Cabbage Michael Row Your Boat Ashore and You Didn't Come In/Tommy's Song as bonus tracks. The album contains at least one track from each of their previous albums with the exception of The Smothers Brothers Play It Straight.
 Give Thanks is a live contemporary Christian worship album recorded by American singer and songwriter Don Moen. In February 1995 the album was certified gold with the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in recognition of selling over 500000 units. The album produced by Hosanna! Music became the label's bestselling release with more than one million copies sold worldwide.
 Hot August Night is a 1972 live double album by Neil Diamond.
 The Never Ending Illusion is the second studio album from Italian Progressive metal band Daedalus.Roland Grapow (Helloween Masterplan) mixed the recordings and Mark Wilkinson (Marillion Iron Maiden Judas Priest) drew the artwork. Some vocal sections in Mare di Stelle (the only track sung in Italian in this album) were recorded by Roberto Tiranti (Labyrinth) and Alessandro Corvaglia. In this album some acoustic instruments were used including double bass and French horn.
 All is a best of compilation album by the punk rock band All. It was released on February 23 1999 on All's own label Owned & Operated.The album includes remastered songs picked by the fans a previously unavailable track by Milo Aukerman and an extensive booklet with lyrics photos and a complex family tree of All and the Descendents.
 V is the debut studio album by Australian electropop group Van She released on 9 August 2008 by Modular Recordings. After writing a bulk of the songs from a small farm house south of Sydney in early 2007 the band packed for the UK where they recorded the album with UK producer Jim Abbiss whose previous work includes production for Placebo Arctic Monkeys and Massive Attack.
 Real Men is an album by King Missile frontman John S. Hall and producer/multi-instrumentalist Kramer. It was released in 1991 through Shimmy Disc.
 The Journey is the fourth album by R&B boy band Immature released on September 23 1997 on MCA Records. It peaked at #92 on the The Billboard 200 chart and at #20 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. This will be the last album under the name Immature before moving to their fifth album in 1999 as IMx.
 Françoise Hardy is a 1965 studio album by the French pop singer Françoise Hardy. Like many of Hardy's earlier albums it was released with no title. In Canada the record was named after its most successful song L’amitié and in New Zealand and Australia it was released as The Warm Romantic Voice of Françoise Hardy.
 Cravin' Melon is the debut EP by Cravin' Melon released in 1995.
 Firebirth is the tenth studio album released by the hard rock band Gotthard. It is the first album with singer Nic Maeder after Steve Lee's death.
 There for Tomorrow is the second EP from the alternative rock band There for Tomorrow. It was released on August 5 2008 through Hopeless Records. Four of the tracks Pages Waiting Addiction And Her Name and Taking Chances have been remixed and re-recorded since appearing on the band's previous EP Pages. A video has been released for the song No More Room To Breathe.
 Taking the Lead is the first solo album by Sonata Arctica guitarist Elias Viljanen. It was released in 2002 by Lion Music.
 All This Love is the second studio album released by family singing group DeBarge on the Gordy records. The album was released on July 1982.
 Less Deep Inside Keeps is the first full length LP record recorded by Soulside as a Sammich/Dischord (sr02/DIS22½) joint release. It was recorded at Inner Ear Studios in Arlington Va. by Don Zientara and produced by Ian MacKaye in 1987. Originally released on vinyl it was rereleased by Dischord Records (sr02CD) in 2003 on cd. Actually untitled the artwork on either side of the spine is often used to identify it.
 Harbinger of Metal is a 74-minute EP by Finnish doom metal band Reverend Bizarre that was released in 2003. It was released on double vinyl in 2009 by Svart Records.
 The Darkside Vol. 1 is the tenth solo studio album by American rapper Fat Joe. The album was released July 27 2010 by Terror Squad Entertainment and E1 Music. Production was provided by Cool & Dre Streetrunner DJ Infamous Just Blaze Scram Jones DJ Premier Raw Uncut and Scoop DeVille among others. Guest appearances came from Trey Songz Too Short R. Kelly Cam'ron Clipse Lil Wayne and Young Jeezy.
 The Long Now is the debut studio album by Australian indie rock band Children Collide. The album was produced by David Sardy and was released by Universal in Australia on 11 October 2008. The Special Collector's Edition of the album features a circle on the cover with a sticker stating: Scratch the circle to reveal 1 of 3 cover versions.
 Sonny Meets Hawk! is a 1963 album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins with Coleman Hawkins appearing as guest artist. It was recorded at RCA Victor Studio B in New York City on July 15 and 18 1963.The album marks the first time the two saxophonists had entered a recording studio together although they had appeared on stage together briefly that same year at the Newport Jazz Festival.
 English Black Punk Metal/The Bones of This Land are Not Speechless is a split album from The Meads of Asphodel and Old Corpse Road released on Godreah Records in March 2010. Tracks 1-3 are original tracks from Old Corpse Road with tracks 4-10 completing the release and being performed by The Meads of Asphodel. Old Corpse Road hailing from the North East of England kick off the release with their fiery brand of pagan black metal.
 Najlepšie dievčatá (English: The Best Girls) is the fifth studio album by Modus released on OPUS in 1984.
 L.D. 50 is the debut studio album by the American progressive metal band Mudvayne. Released in 2000 it is the band's first release on Epic Records following the independently-released extended play Kill I Oughtta. L.D. 50 was coproduced by GGGarth & Mudvayne and executive produced by Steve Richards & Slipknot member Shawn Clown Crahan. The band's elaborate visual appearance resulted in increased recognition of the band and L.D. 50 peaked at No. 85 on the Billboard 200.
 Let Them Eat Pussy is the major label debut album by American rock'n'roll group Nashville Pussy released On February 24 1998. The album helped to create a fanbase for the band and the song Fried Chicken And Coffee was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category of Best Metal Performance.
 D is the first live album released by brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso at the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland.
 Jerry Garcia Band is the second album and first live album by the Jerry Garcia Band. It was recorded in the spring of 1990 at The Warfield in San Francisco. It was released by Arista Records as a two-disc CD in August 1991.
 The Wombats Proudly Present: This Acoustic Glitch is an EP by British indie rock band The Wombats released in 2011. The EP was set as a free download on their web page. It includes acoustic versions of two songs from their second album The Wombats Proudly Present: This Modern Glitch.
 A Crazy Steal is a 1978 album by English rock/pop group The Hollies. It included their version of Emmylou Harris' Boulder to Birmingham which had been released two years prior reaching number 10 on the charts in New Zealand . Two other songs from this album (Hello To Romance and Amnesty) were released in 1977 as singles yet failed to chart anywhere.
 Kantada sa Semana Santa is a compilation of Cebuano songs by Filipino musician Arnold Zamora for Holy Week observances from Palm Sunday to the Easter Vigil.
 Pieces of Me is the second album by singer-songwriter Lori McKenna. The album received favorable reviews.She is supported on the album by a number of Boston area musicians. The bass playing of Mike Rivard is particularly noteworthy. Ellis Paul Richard Shindell and Kris Delmhorst all make appearances as vocalists.
 Beside You in Time is a live home video release by Nine Inch Nails issued in Europe on February 26 2007 and the United States on February 27 2007. The video documents NIN's 2006 Live: With Teeth tour and is available on DVD HD DVD and Blu-ray formats (with no official CD release).
 That Was Only Yesterday – The Last EP was the last recording of David Byron less than a year before his death. In late 1983 Richard Manners (Blue Mountain Music) asked Richard Digby Smith (Rough Diamond Free Sammy Hagar Mott the Hoople) to put together a band and cut some tracks with David.
 Smorgasbord is the second album by popular children's entertainers Sharon Lois & Bram originally released in 1979.
 The Best of Hefner is a best-of compilation by British indie rock band Hefner. It was released via Fortune and Glory Records in 2006. Liner notes were written by Jack Hayter.
 Front by Front is an album by Front 242 released in 1988 and has been labelled as easily one of the greatest industrial albums ever made. The album was reissued in 1992 by Sony Music Entertainment. The song Headhunter became an industrial dancefloor hit accompanied by a music video directed by Anton Corbijn and has since been subject to over 20 remixes.Miss Kittin used First In / First Out on her mix album A Bugged Out Mix.
 Hotel Sessions is an extended play (EP) by Australian recording artist Olivia Newton-John released on April 8 2014. It is her first EP focusing on unreleased songs and was released independently by ONJ Productions Newton-John's own production company.Hotel Sessions was first available at Summer Nights Newton-John's nineteenth concert tour. Physical copies were later become available at her official website together with digital download versions for online shops.
 Upstairs at Eric's is the debut album by British synthpop duo Yazoo (known in the US and Canada as Yaz) released in the UK on Mute Records on 20 August 1982. It was produced by the band and E.C. Radcliffe with assistance from Mute label boss Daniel Miller on some of the tracks. Named after producer Radcliffe's Blackwing Studios where the album was recorded Upstairs at Eric's was preceded by two top three UK singles the ballad Only You and the more uptempo Don't Go.
 Civil Service is the second studio album by underground hip-hop group Typical Cats. It was released on October 26 2004 on Galapagos4. The lead single Easy Cause It Is was released on September 2 2004.
 Cuz We Can is an album by the band Rehab. Originally available online in 2002 a pressed copy was released March 13 2007.
 Bows + Arrows is the second album by The Walkmen released in 2004 (see 2004 in music). The album received a great deal of critical acclaim appearing on several critics' year-end lists.Little House of Savages and What's in It for Me were both included on hit FOX teen drama The O.C. The Rat was named Pitchfork Media's #6 single of the year.
 I Was So Unpopular in School and Now They're Giving Me This Beautiful Bicycle is the debut album of Swedish indiepop group Billie the Vision and the Dancers recorded in the spring of 2004. It was released on the record label Love Will Pay the Bills.In the summer of 2009 the song Summercat became popular in Spain thanks to its use in an advertising campaign of Estrella Damm.
 Kuutõbine is the eighth album by Estonian rock band Terminaator released in 2003.
 Together Again for the First Time is the fourth full-length album by the punk rock band Pulley.
 Nightflight to Venus is the third album by the band Boney M and was released in July 1978.The album became a major success in continental Europe Scandinavia and Canada topping most of the album charts during the second half of 1978 and also became their first UK number one album. Nightflight to Venus includes their worldwide hits Rivers of Babylon and Brown Girl in the Ring a double A-sided single that topped the UK singles chart and sold close to 2 million copies there.
 For the adage see Murphy's law for other uses see Murphy's Law (disambiguation).Murphy's Law is the debut album by St. Louis rapper Murphy Lee. On October 11 2003 the album peaked at number 8 on the Billboard 200 music chart. It was released on September 23 2003 and was certified gold on November 17 2003. It featured the single from the Bad Boys II Soundtrack Shake Your Tailfeather (with Nelly and P. Diddy).
 Live at the House of Blues is the title of two bootleg releases of a concert by the band Jethro Tull on 9 October 1999 at the House of Blues Mandalay Bay Hotel Las Vegas. One version from The Swingin' Pig Records has 2 CDs: TSP-CD-261-1/TSP-CD-261-2 '01 (THAI). The other from Snooker Records has only 1 CD.
 Da Key is the third studio album by Hypnotize Minds artist Frayser Boy. The album was named Da Key after Frayser Boy won an Oscar for writing the song It's Hard Out Here for a Pimp for the film Hustle and Flow and was presented with The Key to the City of Memphis for his achievement.[citation needed] The album was recorded in only three days in early 2008.
 Springtime for Liberals is the 2007 Capitol Steps album. It is the last with founding member Bill Strauss who died shortly after its release.
 Songs About My Cats is a 2001 album by Venetian Snares. It is also his first solo album on the Planet Mu label (Making Orange Things released roughly a month prior to Songs About My Cats on Planet Mu was a collaboration with Speedranch).
 Dressed Up Like Nebraska is the first album by the indie folk musician Josh Rouse. It was released in the United States on April 28 1998 by Slow River Records.
 Rejuvenation is the fifth album by the funk group The Meters released in 1974. In 2003 the album was ranked number 138 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.The front cover displays a couple of records amongst them the Allen Toussaint's 1972 album Life Love and Faith.
 Infinite Jest is an EP by American indie rock band We Are The Fury. It was released in 2006 as a re-issue of their 2005 EP The Fury. Its name is taken from the David Foster Wallace novel entitled Infinite Jest the title of which is in turn taken from a line in William Shakespeare's Hamlet. It was the band's second EP and the only one to be released under the New Armada record label.
 The Crushed Velvet Apocalypse is a 1990 album by The Legendary Pink Dots.
 Moon Shadow is the second album by American singing trio Labelle. This release was their second and last album for Warner Bros. Records. The album is notable for their soulful rendition of The Who's Won't Get Fooled Again the socially conscious I Believe That I've Finally Made It Home (a song which members Patti LaBelle Nona Hendryx and Sarah Dash share lead vocals) and the nine-minute title track in which Patti introduces all the musicians as they do their live solos.
 Devotional – A Performance Filmed by Anton Corbijn is a video release by Depeche Mode featuring almost an entire concert from their 1993–1994 Devotional Tour filmed in Barcelona Spain (Palau Sant Jordi) Liévin France (Stade Couvert Régional) and Frankfurt Germany (Festhalle). It was directed by Anton Corbijn and released in 1993 band and it was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Long Form Music Video in 1995.
 According to My Heart is an album by Jim Reeves released in 1960. It was the first of two number-one albums in the UK for American singer Jim Reeves. It spent four weeks at the top of the chart in 1969 five years after Reeves had died.
 Sunfighter is an album created by Paul Kantner and Grace Slick from Jefferson Airplane. The album was released shortly after the Airplane album Bark was released and is the second record released on the Airplane's own Grunt label backed by RCA. The album features a picture of their baby daughter China Wing Kantner on the cover. Many Bay Area musicians perform on the album including members of the Grateful Dead Crosby Stills and Nash and the horn group Tower of Power.
 Outside Love is the third album by Pink Mountaintops released by Jagjaguwar in 2009 produced by John Congleton. It is also listed on The Georgia Straight's 'Top Ten Albums of 2009' by several of the critics.
 Eagles Greatest Hits Vol. 2 is the second compilation album by the Eagles. It features many of their biggest hits not on Their Greatest Hits (1971–1975) including Hotel California their signature song. The album was released in 1982 by which time the band had already broken up.
 Red Riders is the eponymous debut EP by the Red Riders released on August 1 2004.
 Goat Dancing on the Tables is the second EP/12-inch single released by Australian folk/rock band Weddings Parties Anything.Laughing Boy is a cover of Paul Kelly's Brendan Behan tribute taken from the band's second album Roaring Days. Sergeant Small is a live recording of Australian country music legend Tex Morton's song one of the few live recordings ever made by the band.
 Greatest Hits Volume II is country music artist John Anderson's second compilation album. It was released on the Warner Bros. Records label in 1990. The album includes ten singles that Anderson released for Warner between 1983 and 1988 starting with Goin' Down Hill in 1983 and ending with Countrified in 1986.
 Inside is the debut album by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet. It was released on Sony Records in 1986.
 Five Lessons Learned is the fourth full-length album by Californian punk rock band Swingin' Utters. Released in 1998 it was their second album on Fat Wreck Chords.
 Otis Blue: Otis Redding Sings Soul or simply Otis Blue released September 15 1965 on Stax Records is the third studio album by soul singer Otis Redding. The album mainly consists of cover songs by popular R&B and soul artists and bar one track was recorded in a 24-hour period over July 9/10 1965 at the Stax Recording Studios in Memphis Tennessee.
 ¡Ando Bien Pedo! (I Am Very Drunk) is the title of a studio album released by Mexican group Banda Los Recoditos in 2010. The album became the group's first number-one title in the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart. The lead single of the same name peaked at number-one in the Hot Latin Songs and Regional Mexican Songs charts in the United States. Ando Bien Pedo received a nomination for Best Banda Album at the 11th Latin Grammy Awards. The Album has sold more than 550000 copies worldwide
 Sacos Plásticos (Plastic bags) is the thirteenth studio album released by Brazilian rock band Titãs. It is their first studio album since 2003 their longest non-album gap and also the first released through Arsenal Music and with producer Rick Bonadio who had already worked with Fresno Charlie Brown Jr. and NX Zero.
 Max + Dizzy: Paris 1989 is a live album by drummer Max Roach and trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie recorded in France in 1989 and released on the A&M label.
 A Taste of What's to Come is the second LP by Canadian band Dreadnaut released in 2008.
 Home & Minor is an EP by Manchester-based alternative rock band Oceansize released on 26 October 2009 on Superball Music. The release is limited to 3000 copies. Regarding the EP vocalist and guitarist Mike Vennart states: we thought we’d try and make a mini-album of more reserved songs that have something in common with each other. It's our acoustic-like record only there are no acoustic instruments and it’s not an album!
 Mechanical Horizon is the seventh album by electro-industrial duo Decoded Feedback the fifth full-length CD and the first released on Germany's Bloodline record label.
 Se Alli Diastasi is an album by the Greek singer Mando. It was released in Greece in September 2000 by Sony Music Greece. The album is more pop than Mando's previous one with many western type songs. Hits of the album include Akoma Mia Fora S'Efharisto and the most successful one Pio Poly with music by Mando and lyrics by Natalia Germanou. The album also includes Fos (Ask) a duet with Sertab which is one of Mando's most notable collaborations.
 Sandy Denny is a 2010 compilation box set of recordings by folk singer Sandy Denny and comprises all studio material and recordings made during her time both as a solo artist and as a member of Fotheringay Fairport Convention and other groups together with home demos and live recordings.
 Kara Collection (KARA コレクション KARA Korekushon) (stylized as KARA Collection) is a special studio album by South Korean girl band Kara. It was first released in Japanese on September 5 2012 in four different editions: two CD+DVD a Regular edition and a digital Deluxe edition. A Korean edition of the album under the name KARA Solo Collection was released in November 30 2012 digitally and December 4 2012 physically including the songs in the Korean language.
 Esoteric Circle is the debut album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek originally released under the band name The Esoteric Circle on Bob Thiele's Flying Dutchman label but re-issued under his name on the Freedom imprint performed by Garbarek with Terje Rypdal Arild Andersen and Jon Christensen.
 Lady Lake is the second studio album of the British progressive rock band Gnidrolog. The album was recorded in the London Morgan Studios in 1972 and released that same year. The album was re-issued in the UK in 1999 and in Japan in 2009. The band retains its uniqueness by not using keyboards and using the piano only on Same Dreams. The use of the flute is dominant in tracks such as I could never be a soldier and is as distinctive as Ian Anderson's flute in Jethro Tull.
 Top Room at the Zoo is the debut independently released album by English musician Lucy Spraggan. It was released in the United Kingdom on 20 October 2011. The album includes the song Last Night which she performed the song at The X Factor auditions in 2012.
 First Step was the first album by the British group Faces released in early 1970.
 Flavours is an album released in 1975 by the Canadian rock band The Guess Who. A Quadraphonic mix was available on both vinyl and Quadraphonic 8-track tape formats. The album was first released on CD in a Two-Fer series bundled with the album Rockin' although this release was criticized by multiple reviewers for poor sound quality. In 2011 the album was released in remastered form by the Iconoclassic label including previously unreleased demo tracks.
 Young Americans is the ninth studio album by English musician David Bowie released in 1975. For the record which showed off his 1970s obsession with soul music he let go of the influences he had drawn from in the past replacing them with sounds from local dance halls which at the time were blaring with lush strings sliding hi-hat whispers and swanky R&B rhythms of Philadelphia Soul.
 A Few More Published Studies is the first full length album by the indie rock group The XYZ Affair.The music video for the album's first single All My Friends was shot in Brooklyn NY in 2007 featuring former Nickelodeon TV stars Marc Summers (Double Dare - Host) Danny Cooksey (Salute Your Shorts - Budnick) Michael Maronna (The Adventures of Pete & Pete - Big Pete) and Jason Zimbler (Clarissa Explains It All - Ferguson).
 Suck It and See is an electronic music compilation album put together by Howie B. released on his Pussyfoot record label. It was released on 18 May 1999.
 The Weak's End is the first full-length album released by Emery. The original release was released on January 15 2004 with the re-issued version released on January 27 2004. Most of the albums available are labeled the re-released version (which includes the cover of the broken fishbowl as shown) in which the titles of 6 of the tracks were changed. Although the two albums look different the actual songs themselves are very similar.
 New York EP is the debut EP by American rapper Angel Haze. It charted at #58 on the UK Singles Chart.The EP released on Republic Records was made available for digital download on October 5 2012 in the UK and on December 11 2012 in the United States and is composed of tracks from her previously released mixtapes.
 Gate: Scena III is the third studio album from Japanese singer Hitomi Shimatani. It was released on August 8 2003 and hit #2 on the Oricon charts. Since then it was last recorded as having sold around 194000 copies.
 Why Dontcha is the first studio album by power trio West Bruce and Laing.The album features The Doctor which received heavy FM radio airplay upon the album's release and became a signature song in live performance for the band.
 Both Sides of the Gun is a Ben Harper album released in 2006. Split into two discs the title suggests the two sides of Harper's musical nature. The first disc (White) is made of mostly acoustic and string-driven songs hinted at on the last track (She's Only Happy In The Sun) of Harper's previous album Diamonds on the Inside. The second disc (Black) is made up of the more rock and upbeat material and touching on genres such as hard rock funk and gospel.
 The Ultimate Collection is a compact disc by The Four Tops released on Motown Records catalogue 314530825-2 in October 1997. It is a collection of singles comprising many of the group's greatest hits with liner notes written by Stu Hackel.
 The Dynamic Sound Patterns (subtitled of the Rod Levitt Orchestra) is the debut album led by American jazz trombonist Rod Levitt which was recorded in 1963 for the Riverside label.
 Amoeba's Secret is an EP by Paul McCartney recorded during a secret performance at Amoeba Music in Hollywood California on 27 June 2007. The EP was released in November 2007 in a limited vinyl edition and in January 2009 on CD and download formats.The EP reached 119 on the Billboard 200 albums chart despite relatively little promotion. The low-resolution album art is intentional as to make the EP resemble a bootleg recording.
 Woyaya is the second album by British Afro-pop band Osibisa released in 1971 by MCA. Reissued in 2004 in a two-CD pack together with the self-titled album Osibisa by BGO Records.
 Hints Allegations and Things Left Unsaid is the debut studio album by the American rock band Collective Soul. It was originally released on a small indie label in Atlanta called Rising Storm Records in 1993. The track Shine gained the band attention thanks to college radio.
 Leave This Town is the second album of the American rock band Daughtry and was released on July 14 2009. It is the first album that they recorded as a band as their self-titled debut album was recorded before the band was formed and only featured lead singer Chris Daughtry as an official member. It was also the last album to feature Joey Barnes on Drums.
 The Hourglass Anthology is a compilation album by the American metal band Lamb of God which was released in three different forms. The first disk is Volume One: The Underground Years which contains their best songs from when they were called Burn the Priest and songs from New American Gospel and As the Palaces Burn. The second disk is Volume Two: The Epic Years which contains songs from the albums Ashes of the Wake Sacrament and Wrath.
 Greatest Hits contains all of Evelyn King's biggest hits including Shame I Don't Know If It's Right Love Come Down and I'm in Love. Her other hits such as Get Loose I'm So Romantic and Give Me One Reason are not included.
 Lightning Strikes by Aceyalone was released on October 2 2007. The album was produced entirely by Bionik.
 Mort Aux Vaches is a full-length session recording from ambient music artist Colleen released in 2006 as part of the Mort Aux Vaches music series. Keeping with the style of the series the album is packaged in a hardback case wrapped in textured wallpaper and fastened with a safety pin. It was limited to 500 copies.
 United We Stand is the seventh live praise and worship album by Hillsong United. The CD comes with a free DVD which includes documentary footage interviews and a bonus United Documentary.
 Vapor Trails Remixed is a hard rock album by the Canadian rock band Rush and produced by David Bottrill as a remixed version of Rush's 2002 album Vapor Trails. The remixed version entered at #35 on the Billboard 200 chart. The remixed album was released by Atlantic Records and Rhino Entertainment on September 27 2013 for the iTunes library. The album's playlist is identical to that of Vapor Trails but the songs have remixed audio to eliminate the compression that affected the original album.
 Reunion Hill is a 1997 album by singer-songwriter Richard Shindell. It was Shindell's third and final studio album for Shanachie Records.
 Culebra 1996 is an EP recorded and released in 1996 by the Mexican hard rock band Cuca.It was realised after Alfonso Fors (who was the vocalist at that time) left the group was then that Jose Fors (his brother) announced his return to the vocals and decided to record two singles of the previous disc where Alfonso Fors recorded his voice. The chosen songs were Toma and La Balada.
 Rock Me: The Best of Great White is a compilation album released by the American hard rock band Great White in 2006.
 Gandhi Khan is a 2001 album by house music artist Armand Van Helden. It contains the track Why Can't You Free Some Time which reached #34 in the UK singles chart. This is Armand Van Helden's fifth studio album.
 The Other Woman is the debut solo album by guitarist/singer/songwriter Ray Parker Jr. released in 1982 on the Arista label. The album was remastered and expanded by Funky Town Grooves in June 2012 including 3 bonus tracks..
 The Door is the debut EP by British rock band Turin Brakes. Initially a limited vinyl-only release from Anvil Records in 1999 it eventually led to the band being signed to a contract with Source Records.
 Released in 1995 Kill the Musicians was meant to serve as a cleaning up of loose ends after Screeching Weasel's breakup in 1994. The compilation collects demos b-sides vinyl-only EPs and other various odds and ends the band had accumulated in their career from 1989 to 1994. It came on the heels of 1994's How to Make Enemies and Irritate People which itself was a collection of the final songs the band had written prior to splitting up.
 At Yankee Stadium is the sixth studio album from NRBQ (New Rhythm and Blues Quartet) released in 1978 on Mercury Records. In keeping with the band's sense of humor the album's title is a joke; the album credits read Recorded at Bearsville Studios November 1977 (not at Yankee Stadium).
 Sink or Swim is the debut studio album by The Gaslight Anthem released May 29 2007 through XOXO Records.
 Jazz Long Playing is Jean-Luc Ponty's debut album recorded in Paris in June and July 1964. It was reissued in 2007. Jazz Long Playing - Import version was believed to be released Jan 01 2008. Jazz Long Playing is one of two landmark bebop albums produced by Ponty; as Sunday Walk in '67 is his second.
 Everlight is the fifth studio album by German progressive metal band Dreamscape.
 Oxygène (English: oxygen) is an album of instrumental electronic music composed produced and performed by the French composer Jean Michel Jarre. It was first released in France in December 1976 on Disques Dreyfus with license to Polydor. The album's international release was in summer 1977. Jarre recorded the album in his home using a variety of analog synthesizers and other electronic instruments and effects.
 The Warped Tour 2004 Tour Compilation is the ninth installment in the annual compilation series accompanying the Warped Tour. The compilation's cover is a photograph of Rancid members Tim Armstrong and Matt Freeman performing on the 2003 Warped Tour.
 Street Sounds Crucial Electro 3 is the third compilation album in a series and was released 1987 on the StreetSounds label. The album was released on LP and cassette and contains twenty electro music and old school hip hop tracks mixed by Herbie Laidley.
 City from Above (2009) is a mini-album by the Dutch rock band The Gathering. The album is limited to 2000 copies.
 Naked Willie is an album from American country music artist Willie Nelson. This album was released on March 17 2009 on the Legacy Recordings label. The album include remixes of recordings from 1966–1970 stripped-down without orchestration or background vocals. The concept of the album is similar to the Beatles' Let It Be... Naked project released several years before Naked Willie. This album was released in some countries under the alternative title Stripped or Willie Stripped.
 Sneeke Muthafukaz is the only album of the hip hop group known as Hoodratz. It was released on August 24 1993 on Epic/SME Records and featured production from Hoodratz DJ Irv David Kennedy Carlton Batts and Bryan Leach. It is not the same crew that released an album during 2001 as the Hoodratz which was a crunk group affiliated with the Ying Yang Twins. The album was moderately successful peaking at #79 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #27 on the Top Heatseekers.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation and the third greatest hits album from The Jam released in 1991. It includes all of the band's eighteen hit singles plus Precious (which was released as a double A-side along with Town Called Malice). It includes two singles That's Entertainment and Just Who Is the 5 O'Clock Hero? which made the UK charts without ever being released there they charted after being heavily imported from Europe. It has a companion album of rarities titled Extras.
 Nitin Sawhney's eighth studio album London Undersound released on 13 October 2008 (2008-10-13) by Cooking Vinyl.It includes collaborations with Paul McCartney Natty Imogen Heap Reena Bhardwaj Ojos de Brujo Anoushka Shankar Tina Grace Faheem Mazhar Aruba Red and Roxanne Tataei.
 Live at Bourbon St. is a live album by Canadian guitarist Lenny Breau and bassist Dave Young released in 1995.Originally released on LP in 1983 and 1985 as Legacy and Quietude respectively the original tapes were remastered and reissued on this compilation. Additional tracks from the live performance are also included.
 Fall in Love & Songs (simplified Chinese: 静茹＆情歌-别再为他流泪; traditional Chinese: 靜茹＆情歌-別再為他流淚) is the tenth studio album by Fish Leong. It was released on 16 January 2009 by Believe in Music and distributed by Universal Music Taiwan and is Leong's first album released under a record label other than Rock Records. According Taiwan's G-Music chart the album is the fifth best selling album in Taiwan in 2009.
 No Future No Hope is the first LP from the American anarcho street punk band Defiance released in the U.S. by Mind Control and in Europe by Skuld Releases.
 Dream Evil is the fourth studio album released by the American heavy metal band Dio on July 21 1987. It features former Rough Cutt members Craig Goldy and Claude Schnell and includes the singles All the Fools Sailed Away and I Could Have Been a Dreamer. Dream Evil was Dio's last album to feature Murray on the cover and also the last to feature drummer Vinny Appice until the 1993 album Strange Highways.
 All or Nothing (remix album) is the worldwide non-American (specifically European) version of Girl You Know It's True released in 1989 as the original album All or Nothing was released in Europe in November 1988. The cover states that the album is the U.S.-Remix Album however this album was not released in the United States but rather The Remix Album was one year later in 1990 charting at #32.
 The Parallax: Hypersleep Dialogues is an EP by the American progressive metal band Between the Buried and Me. It was released on April 12 2011 and was the group's first release through Metal Blade Records after leaving Victory Records in 2010. The entire EP was made available for streaming two weeks before its release on March 31 2011.The Parallax: Hypersleep Dialogues is the first release in a two-part concept album suite.
 The Black Belles is the debut self-titled album by garage rock band The Black Belles released on Third Man Records in 2011
 Gloria (English: Glory) is the eighth studio album by Mexican singer-songwriter Gloria Trevi. It was released on March 22 2011 by Universal Music Latin after a four-year gap since the release of her last studio album Una Rosa Blu. Trevi worked as co-writer for the album tracks while Armando Avila and Sebastián Jácome worked as the record producers.
 The Loudest Sound Ever Heard is the 14th studio album by Christian alternative rock band The Choir released on May 15 2012 although prior to that date a rough mix of The Forest was made available to those who pre-ordered the album via the band's official website.An additional track Shadow of the Cross was recorded after the main studio sessions on July 22 2012 and later released on August 9 2012 as a digital single.
 Evil Friends is the seventh full length album by the Alaskan rock band Portugal. The Man. It is also Portugal's first collaboration with producer Danger Mouse. It is the band's first album since 2011's In the Mountain in the Cloud while the band also goes into new lyrical directions. The album was released on June 4 2013.
 The Mint is the first studio album from Philadelphia hip-hop artist Nickelz.
 Silver Rain is an album by bassist Marcus Miller. It was released in 2005.
 The Audience's Listening is the first full-length solo album to be released by Cut Chemist.The Audience is Listening Theme Song (the final track on The Audience's Listening) was used in a 2G Apple iPod nano advertisement.
 Hits I Missed...And One I Didn't is the 59th studio album by American country music singer George Jones released in 2005.
 Wiederkehr der Schmerzen is the second album by the German gothic metal band Necromance released on Pleitegeier Records in 1999.
 Smoke on the Water is a compilation album by the British hard rock band Deep Purple released in 1998.
 #10 is an album by the Canadian rock band The Guess Who released in 1973.#10 was overall the band's twelfth studio album but only the tenth to feature lead vocalist Burton Cummings. (Their first two studio albums featured vocalist Chad Allen and were jointly credited to Chad Allen & The Expressions/Guess Who? i.e.
 Nawal 1985 is a 1985 album by the singer Nawal El Kuwaiti.
 Metal Militia: A Tribute to Metallica is a tribute album by then rising and promising Swedish metal bands including In Flames and Dark Tranquility released in 1994. It features twelve Metallica covers arranged and played mostly in the death metal and black metal genres. The album quickly fell into obscurity and today can only be found with effort.
 The Last Gunfighter Ballad is the 55th album by American country singer Johnny Cash released on Columbia Records in 1977. Highlights include the title track Far Side Banks of Jordan and That Silver Haired Daddy of Mine the latter of which features Cash's brother Tommy Cash.
 The House of Blue Light is the twelfth studio album by Deep Purple released in 1987. It is the second recording by the re-formed Mark II lineup.
 It Came from Canada Vol. 5 was the fifth and final album in the It Came from Canada series of compilation albums released in 1989 on Og Music.
 Rock Music: A Tribute to Weezer is an album released by Dead Droid Records. As the album title implies it is a series of Weezer songs covered by a wide range of bands. The vinyl version contains two versions of Say it Ain't So covered by Further Seems Forever. One with the band's original vocalist Chris Carrabba. However the vinyl sleeve also contains a misprint noting that the version of Say It Ain't So sung by Chris Carrabba is track 14 when in fact it is track 5.
 Death in the Garden Blood on the Flowers is the second full-length release from Los Angeles indie band Irving released in 2006.The title track was used in a Totino's Mega Pizza Rolls commercial which began airing in early 2007.
 Lágrimas De Sangre is the debut studio album by reggaeton producer and singer Naldo released on April 28 2009. The first single from the album is Ya No Existen Detalles featuring Jowell & Randy.
 Warm Waters is an album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd recorded in 1971 and released on the Kapp label featuring performances by Lloyd with John Cipollina Dave Mason Tom Trujillo Woodrow Theus II Ken Jenkins Bill Wolff James Zitro Jesse Ed Davis and Michael Cohen with guest vocalists Mike Love Al Jardine Billy Cowsill Michael O'Gara Brian Wilson Eric Sherman Carl Wilson and Rhetta Hughes.
 Irthes (Greek: 'Ηρθες; English: You arrived) is the title of the 12th studio album by Greek singer Sakis Rouvas. The album was released on December 3 2008 by Minos EMI and is his first new album since 2006. The album features 10 songs primarily composed by Dimitris Kontopoulos. The title track of the album Irthes was written as a dedication to Rouvas' newborn baby girl.
 Retrospektïẁ (Parts I+II) is a live album by French Progressive rock group Magma. It was released in 1981. (See 1981 in music). It documents live recordings from a series of Magma reunion shows in Paris June 9 10 & 11 1980. It was originally released on RCA and has been re-released on Seventh Records.
 Pop Life is the third studio album released by French DJ David Guetta. It was released in 2007 and produced with Joachim Garraud. Longtime collaborator Chris Willis is the main vocalist; guest vocals are provided by JD Davis Tara McDonald Cozi Costi Juliet Richardson and Thailand. The first single to be released from Pop Life was Love Is Gone which became a Top 10 hit on the UK Singles Chart peaking at #9.
 Shangri-La (Chinese: 心中的日月; pinyin: xīnzhōng de rìyuè) is the tenth album of Taiwanese-American R&B artist and composer Leehom Wang. It was released on 31 December 2004 by Sony Music Taiwan.In this album Wang incorporated the often unheard music of the Chinese ethnic minorities and therefore began the first chapter of chinked-out a term he coined together to represent the ties between Chinese and Western music.
 Seasons: Rising is the fifth album released by Portuguese pop-rock singer David Fonseca. It was released in Portugal on March 21 2012.
 Naked is the second studio album of American R&B artist Marques Houston a former member of the R&B group Immature/IMx. The album was released in the U.S. on May 24 2005 and is available as a clean version and a parental advisory version. The album sold up to 290000 copies.[citation needed]
 Blood of Bacchus is the third studio album by gothic/doom metal band Ava Inferi. It was released on Season of Mist on 25 May 2009.
 The Wham of Sam! is a 1961 studio album by Sammy Davis Jr. arranged by Marty Paich and Morty Stevens.
 Registered Offender is the debut comedy album by actor and stand-up comedian Rob Schneider. Released in July 2010 by Oglio Records it contains a mixture of sketches and songs with all voices performed by Schneider. The content is adult in nature and features various scatological references. The album was recorded at various times and locations during 2007-2009.
 John Abercrombie / Marc Johnson / Peter Erskine is a live album by guitarist John Abercrombie with bassist Marc Johnson and drummer Peter Erskine recorded in 1988 in Boston and released on the ECM label
 Sonic Dynamite is the seventh album by German band Pink Cream 69.
 New Start is the second album by the Des Moines IA band The Nadas.
 B5 is the self-titled debut album by American R&B group B5. It was released on July 19 2005 in the United States and ever since its release the album has sold over 200000 copies. The album managed to debut and peak at #19 on the Billboard 200 while peaking at #7 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. The album managed to spawn only one charting single All I Do a Jackson 5 cover which peaked at #71 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
 Heart and Soul – The Very Best of T'Pau is a compilation album by the British group T'Pau. It was released in 1993 and reached number #35 on the UK charts for a total of two weeks.The album was the band's last appearance on the album chart to date.The compilation's title was based on the band's successful debut single Heart and Soul
 The Sweet Keeper is a 1990 album by Tanita Tikaram. Like her debut album Ancient Heart it was produced by Peter Van Hooke and Rod Argent. Three tracks from the album were released as singles We Almost Got It Together Little Sister Leaving Town and Thursday's Child.
 The Woody Shaw Concert Ensemble at the Berliner Jazztage is a live album led by trumpter Woody Shaw which was recorded at the JazzFest Berlin in 1976 and released on the Muse label. The Woody Shaw Concert Ensemble at the Berliner Jazztage was reissued by Mosaic Records as part of Woody Shaw: The Complete Muse Sessions in 2013.
 Bittertown is the fourth album released by country/folk singer Lori McKenna. The album was first released in 2004 on Signature Sounds. It was produced by Lorne Entress and features prominently the guitar work of Kevin Barry. After country singer Faith Hill covered three of Lori McKenna's songs for her album Fireflies Warner Bros. records signed McKenna to their label and re-released it under their name. All songs were written by McKenna.
 Square Shells is a limited edition EP by American indie rock musician Kurt Vile released on May 24 2010 on Matador Records. Regarding the release Vile stated: [The EP is] a collection of some home recordings and some studio recordings. I put the songs together see what they need maybe add some more here maybe songs from back in the day. [..] No different from Constant Hitmaker or God Is Saying This to You.... It’s just a compilation.
 Four (styled as four) is the breakthrough album by American jam band Blues Traveler released on September 13 1994.Four peaked at #8 on the Billboard 200 albums chart (North America) and is most known for its hits Run-Around & Hook which charted at #8 & #23 respectively on the Billboard Hot 100. Both songs also charted in the top 20 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks & Hot Modern Rock Tracks charts as well.
 Brother Jack Meets the Boss is an album by organist Jack McDuff and saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1962 and released on the Prestige label.
 Cause Moshing Is Good Fun is the first release by the metal band Hinge (now called Dry Kill Logic). The following 3 track EP was released in 1997 through their own label Psychodrama Records.
 #1 with a Bullet is the twenty-eighth studio album of American country and comedy singer Ray Stevens. It was released in June 1991. The album includes the singles Working for the Japanese and Power Tools which respectively reached numbers 62 and 72 on the Hot Country Songs charts. The album also includes a re-recording of The Pirate Song which was originally recorded for his 1986 album I Have Returned.
 Again for the First Time is the fourth full-length album by the Christian rock band Bleach. It was released in 2002 on Tooth & Nail Records.
 Flat Tire: Music for a Non-Existent Movie is the eleventh studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth released on December 1 2001 through Megazoidal Records and reissued on August 16 2007 through Eidolon Efformation. Besides the first track the entire album was recorded using the SynthAxe an instrument for which Holdsworth has become well known since Atavachron (1986).
 Dissonance is the 12th studio album from the band Enuff Z'Nuff. The album reunites singers/songwriters Donnie Vie and Chip Z'Nuff after Vie's hiatus from the band of several years. Original sessions for the album started in 2006 prompted by the band's possible inclusion in a pilot episode for the VH-1 show Bands on the Run. Songs from these initial sessions bootlegged as Lost In Vegas by fans would be later reworked for the official release of Dissonance.
 Roots is a 2002 album by American alternative country/roots rock group Blue Mountain.
 Wild Seed – Wild Flower is the debut full-length album by Dionne Farris which she recorded after singing the song Tennessee by the alternative rap group Arrested Development. The lead single I Know (which allmusic's Tom Demalon called percolating and infectious) peaked at number 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1995.
 How to Make Gravy is a four-track EP by Australian singer-songwriter Paul Kelly and was originally released on 4 November 1996 on White Label Records in Australia. The title track was written by Kelly and earned him a 'Song of the Year' nomination at the 1998 Australasian Performing Rights Association (APRA) Music Awards. It tells the story of a newly imprisoned man writing a letter to his brother in which the prisoner laments that he will be missing the family's Christmas celebrations.
 Anything Worth Saying is the first studio album from contemporary Christian musician Aaron Shust. It was released on October 11 2005 and reached a peak of #63 on the Billboard 200 in May 2007. The album's lead single My Savior My God became a hit on Christian radio and was named Song of the Year at the 2007 GMA Dove Awards.The album was recorded in 2004 and Shust soon landed a record deal with Brash Music to release it nationally.
 Faces & Names is Dave Pirner's first solo studio album. It was released in the United States on July 30 2002.
 The Groundwork 3P is an exclusive EP by the Christian Rapper Verbs. The EP contains songs from The Groundwork Theory.
 Bare Bones is an all-acoustic studio album from rock band Wishbone Ash. It features re-arranged versions of old classics and a number of new original and cover songs. It is the only studio album to feature guitarist/vocalist Mark Birch and the first album in eight years to feature drummer Ray Weston. Several special guests also appear on the album including former vocalist Claire Hamill.
 Joe Baiza & The Universal Congress Of is the debut album of free jazz ensemble Universal Congress Of released in 1987 through SST.
 Valley Lodge is the debut studio album by the American power pop band Valley Lodge released in 2005. It was re-released in Japan in September 2008 with three bonus tracks.
 The Youth Are Getting Restless is a live album from hardcore punk and reggae pioneers Bad Brains recorded live at the Paradiso (Amsterdam) Theater in Amsterdam the Netherlands in 1987 by the VPRO. The show was part of the band's I Against I tour. It remains one of the group's best selling albums. The album captures Bad Brains in concert at the height of their commercial and critical peak featuring a diverse mix of violent hardcore punk mellow reggae funk and heavy metal.
 Scaleen is the Australian alternative pop/rock group Splat Acrobat's debut EP released during 1992. Recorded during 1992 at Broken Toys Studio Brisbane Australia.
 The Rock is the third album from Frankie Miller and the only one officially credited to The Frankie Miller Band.
 Country God or the Girl is the fourth studio album by Somali-Canadian hip hop artist K'naan. It was released worldwide on October 16 2012.
 Looking For A Feeling You Never Knew You Needed is an album by American singer-songwriter and actor Val Emmich. It was released digitally on September 21 2010.
 5/30/00 – London England is a two-disc live album and the fifth in a series of 72 live bootlegs released by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam from the band's 2000 Binaural Tour. It was released along with the other official bootlegs from the European leg of the tour on September 26 2000.
 Pilgrimage is the second studio album by the rock band Wishbone Ash. The album focuses more on folk and acoustic music as opposed to the blues rock sound that dominated the first album.
 Immortal is a 2008 single/EP released by The Crüxshadows their latest release. It is the debut song for the newest lineup of the group and is currently not included on an album.The EP consists of the title song a radio edit a new mix of the DreamCypher song Ariadne a club mix of the title song and an exclusive B-side track entitled Exile.
 Strungout on Jargon is the debut album of post-punk band Death of Samantha released in 1986 on Homestead Records.
 Z Vyšší Vůle is the first album released by death metal band !T.O.O.H.!. There are two versions of the album; the Czech version with Czech lyrics and song titles and the English version which is called From Higher Will and includes English lyrics and song titles.
 Witching Hour is the third studio album by English electronic band Ladytron. It was released in the United Kingdom on 3 October 2005 by Island Records and in 4 October 2005 in Europe by Universal Music Group and United States by Rykodisc. The album was promoted by two singles: Sugar and Destroy Everything You Touch.Witching Hour received mostly positive reviews and reached number 81 on UK Albums Chart.
 The Conversation is the eighth solo album by New Zealand singer/songwriter Tim Finn. It was recorded in April and May 2008 and released in New Zealand on 24 November that year. The album features collaborations with former Split Enz members Eddie Rayner and Miles Golding along with Tim's guitarist Brett Adams. The album's working title was Echo Chamber. The album is produced by Ethan Allen known for his work with famed producer Daniel Lanois.
 Ses plus grands succès is a compilation album by Desireless released in 2003. It includes two tracks that were never released on cd before Qui peut savoir (remix) and Voyage voyage (PWL Britmix). It also includes two never before released tracks Van Gogh and Dans le jardin d'Eden.
 One is the debut album by the American hip hop band Crown City Rockers.
 The Best of David Benoit 1987-1995 is an album by American pianist David Benoit released in 1994 recorded for the GRP label. The album reached #19 on Billboard's Jazz chart.The Best of David Benoit 1987-1995 is a retrospective of Benoit's GRP releases and also contains some previously unreleased material.
 Three for Shepp is the debut album by American saxophonist Marion Brown featuring performances recorded in 1966 for the Impulse! label.
 Sincerely Dears... is Yukari Tamura's second compilation album released on March 28 2007. It contains a bonus DVD with a digest version of her 2006 concert tour *fancy baby doll* filmed in Tokyo and Fukuoka and a Special Photo Book.
 Hope for Haiti Now is a live album by various artists to benefit Hope for Haiti Now's campaign to alleviate the 2010 Haiti earthquake. All benefits from the album sales go to Haiti relief organizations including the Red Cross and Wyclef Jean's Yele Haiti foundation.
 Digital Tears: E-Mail from Purgatory is 2004 album by underground rapper MF Grimm. The album is Grimm's second and the first to be released under the Monsta Island Czars moniker Superstar Jet Jaguar/GM Grimm. Grimm recorded the entire album over a two day period and wrote the album and composed the drum beats on a portable drum machine while serving his life sentence in prison. This album is the darkest in Grimm's catalog and reflects the environment surrounding him during the composition.
 Spirit is the second studio album by Indonesian rock band J-Rocks released on 2007 in Indonesia by Aquarius Musikindo.
 Memento Mori (Latin for Remember to Die) is the 16th album by Buck-Tick released on February 18 2009. The limited edition came with a DVD of the making of the album. It reached number seven on the Oricon chart. Satoshi Mishiba of Kinniku Shōjo Tai provides piano on Katte ni Shiyagare and Message.
 The Art of the Theremin is the first official album by theremin virtuoso Clara Rockmore and the only one released in her lifetime. It was produced by Robert Moog and his first wife Shirleigh Moog and was released in 1977 by Delos International Records. As with most of her live performances she was accompanied minimally by her older sister Nadia Reisenberg on piano.
 Mastermind is the sixth studio album by American rapper Rick Ross. The album was released on March 3 2014 by Maybach Music Group Slip-n-Slide Records and Def Jam Recordings. The album features guest appearances from Jay-Z Jeezy The Weeknd Kanye West Big Sean Meek Mill Lil Wayne French Montana Diddy Scarface Sizzla Mavado and Z-Ro.
 Above Below and Beyond is the first studio album by guitarist Jennifer Batten released on February 28 1992 through Voss Music and reissued in June 2008 through Lion Music.
 Fireworks is the third album by Angra released in 1998 and the last to feature the original lineup.
 Early Recordings is a compilation album by the American indie band Quasi. It was released on March 29 1996 on Key Op records and re-released on August 21 2001 on Touch and Go Records. It includes songs previously released on the band's self-titled self-released cassette as well as previously unreleased recordings.
 Prototype is BWO's first studio album and was released in March 2005. It was a huge success in Sweden selling over 80.000 copies- and attained the Platinum status. Most of the album was written by Alexander Bard and Anders Hansson but Son Of A Gun Open Door and Say I Love You were also written by Martin Rolinski. Marina Schiptjenko co-wrote Voodoo Magic with Bard and Hansson. A mix of Voodoo Magic is featured in the Swedish vampire flick Frostbiten.
 Blue Planet Man is a 1993 album by organist Big John Patton which features John Zorn. It was originally released on King Records/Paddle Wheel Records in Japan in 1993 and subsequently released in the USA on Evidence Records in 1997.
 Akumajō Dracula Famicom Best was released on March 20 1990 with a bonus sticker. It included the FDS version of Simon's Quest's music and three bonus tracks from the NES version. The disc also includes the audio from Castlevania and Dracula's Curse covering 33 tracks altogether and a total duration of 1:04:13.Some reviewers of Simon's Quest have praised Matsubara's compositions noting Bloody Tears for remaining a favorite among fans of the series.
 The Last Dance is a live album by the British melodic rock band Magnum released in 1996 by SPV. This is the European release; the UK release was called Stronghold.
 Chasing Down a Spark is the third solo release by recording artist Bill Deasy although it is the second after formally leaving The Gathering Field. Chasing Down a Spark follows his 2003 release Good Day No Rain and his first solo effort Spring Lies Waiting was recorded as a side project while still with The Gathering Field. Chasing Down a Spark was produced by Kevin Salem and mixed by Joe Blaney.
 Experiments in Living is the debut album of Four Day Hombre and was released on March 13th 2006. It is available on CD only (catalogue number ALM CDA001). The title of the album is inspired by the book Among the Bohemians: Experiments in Living 1900-1939 by Virginia Nicholson.
 Red 2 Eyes (赤目目) is an EP by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The title is a reference to Aka Meme released by the same label in 1984. Outtakes were included on Red Magnesia Pink in the Merzbox.
 Thanks for the Feedback is a live album by The Presidents of the United States of America the first full live album released by the band.
 Game is the debut album by KHM a rap group consisting of Kool Keith H-Bomb (aka Jacky Jasper) and Marc Live. The album was released on November 19 2002 for Number 6 Records and was produced by all three members of the group. The album gained some positive reviews but was a commercial failure and did not make it to the Billboard charts or spawn any hit singles.[citation needed] English trip hop artist Tricky makes a guest appearance on the track Run Dem Red.
 The Allnighter is the second album by Glenn Frey released in 1984 (see 1984 in music). It was the most successful album of his solo career having reached #22 on the charts and releasing two Top 20 singles with Smuggler's Blues and Sexy Girl. The album was well received by most critics and helped Frey become a familiar face throughout the decade. The album reached gold status. The single Smuggler's Blues helped inspire the Miami Vice episode and Frey was invited to star in the episode.
 Fredhead is the fourth album by British pop group Right Said Fred. It peaked at #2 on the German Albums Chart. The album yielded three singles: Mojive the UK top 20 single You're My Mate and Love Song.
 Night Wave is the second studio album by Los Angeles based Electrohop group Hyper Crush. The album was released on the iTunes Store on February 7 2012. The album was released on Hyper Crush's label Night Wave Records after leaving their previous label Universal Motown because they really didn’t see eye to eye with them for a long time. The album consists of 11 songs 4 of which were previously released as singles.
 Dorinda Clark-Cole is the debut album of Gospel singer Dorinda Clark-Cole which was released on June 25 2002.Dorinda won two Stellar Awards and a Soul Train Lady of Soul Award for Best Female Gospel Artist from the album.A DVD was later released entitled Dorinda Clark-Cole Live. The DVD is a live recording that was recorded at New Birth Cathedral in Atlanta. The tracklisting of the DVD includes most of the songs on the original studio album.
 Where It Hits You is the 2012 album and 6th solo studio project by Southern American singer-songwriter and guitarist Jim White. The album was mixed and mastered by John Keane. Guest vocalists on the album include members of the bands Ollabelle Shak Nasti and The Heap. There are several guest musicians that helped craft the distinctive and full Alternative Country sound typical of White's productions.
 Demolition was the first album by Australian heavy metal band Dungeon. It featured mainly demo-quality tracks four of which had been remixed from a previous demo with added bass lines from Justin Sayers and a cover of Blondie's Call Me. Virgil Donati plays drums on the instrumental track Changing Moods. This album was only released in Japan and has never been made available anywhere else.
 This Is What the Edge of Your Seat Was Made For is the first release by Bring Me the Horizon released on 2 October 2004 through Thirty Days of Night Records in Australia and on 30 January 2005 through Visible Noise records in the UK.
 Muito (Dentro da Estrela Azulada) (English: Much (In the blue star)) is an album by Brazilian singer and composer Caetano Veloso released in 1978. The song Sampa which describes Veloso's first impressions of São Paulo city was voted by the Brazilian edition of Rolling Stone as the 42nd greatest Brazilian song.
 Different Gear Still Speeding is the debut album by the English rock band Beady Eye released on 28 February 2011. It debuted at number 3 in the UK albums chart selling 66817 in the first week. As of August 2012 the album has sold 174487 copies in the UK. On the album all members contributed to the instrumentation much like the later albums of Oasis.
 Panic! at the Disco Video Catalog is the second compilation released by American rock band Panic! at the Disco. It is available only as a digital download from the iTunes Store. It includes ten music videos from the band's three albums: A Fever You Can't Sweat Out (2005) Pretty. Odd. (2008) and Vices & Virtues (2011). It also includes their song from the 2009 Jennifer's Body soundtrack New Perspective.
 The Empyrean is the tenth solo album by John Frusciante released worldwide on January 20 2009 through Record Collection. Frusciante did not plan on a following tour as he instead wanted to focus on writing and recording. The Empyrean peaked at number 151 on the US Billboard 200 as well as number seven on the Top Heatseekers.
 Tarpaper Sky is the fourteenth solo studio album by Rodney Crowell. Crowell co-produced the album with long-time collaborator Steuart Smith and Dan Knobler. Tarpaper Sky follows Crowell's Grammy-winning duet album with Emmylou Harris Old Yellow Moon and is his first release on New West.Tarpaper Sky is made up of entirely original Crowell compositions. Doug Freeman Austin Chronicle credits Crowell for balancing ballads and bar room stomps ...
 Ne Vivam is the debut album by the Dutch doom metal band Officium Triste. It was released in 1997 by Teutonic Existence.
 Butterfly Kisses is the second album released by American country music artist Jeff Carson. Released in 1997 on Curb Records it features the singles Butterfly Kisses (a cover of Bob Carlisle's hit song from that same year) and Here's the Deal. Today I Started Loving You Again is a cover of a Merle Haggard hit single and features Haggard as a duet partner.
 They Don't Change Under Moonlight is the debut mini album from Welsh rock band Tiger Please which was released 2 November 2009.
 The Rough Guide to Congo Gold is a world music compilation album originally released in 2008. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the release focuses on the soukous genre of the Democratic Republic of the Congo with tracks from the 1960s to 90s. The compilation was produced by Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network. Martin Sinnock compiled the tracks and wrote the liner notes and Brad Haynes & Marisa Lassman coordinated the project.
 All Eternity is the first studio album by Finnish gothic metal band To/Die/For.
 En Vivo – Gira 2004–2005 is a documentary of the live concert and history by Chilean band Kudai released by Warner Bros. Records. It was released on 13 December 2005 in Chile. The DVD includes all music videos from their debut album Vuelo a documentary and a bonus CD containing previously unreleased material and the live concert of their tour.
 Sinatra: Collector's Edition is a 2009 double compilation album by Frank Sinatra that consists 20 tracks he recorded from Reprise Records.
 Roll Call is the debut album recorded by girl group IQ. During its first release the album came with a DVD of an introduction featuring IQ performances and IQ with groups such as B5 Jada and Everlife. The album was later sold as an Enhanced CD with the audio and video all on one disc.
 Internationalist is the third studio album by Australian alternative rock band Powderfinger. The album was released on 7 September 1998 and was often labelled Powderfinger's most adventurous work with greater experimentation than in previous works.Internationalist followed in the success of its predecessor Double Allergic and was certified five times platinum in Australia. Internationalist received four ARIA Music Awards including Album of the Year.
 The Essential Journey is a compilation of songs from the rock band Journey. Released on October 16 2001 it is part of Sony BMG's Essential series of compilation albums. The album includes most of Journey's major and minor hits that have charted on Billboard Hot 100.
 Fathom is the second album by Christian dance rock band Mortal and is generally considered the band's best album. The band produced the album along with Terry Scott Taylor of Daniel Amos. It peaked at No. 32 on the Billboard Top Contemporary Christian chart.
 Serious Moonlight is the title of a David Bowie concert video; originally filmed on the singer's 1983 Serious Moonlight Tour in Vancouver (12 September night) it was released on video and laserdisc in 1984 and on DVD in 2006.
 Lucky Strikes is an album led by saxophonist Lucky Thompson recorded in 1964 and released on the Prestige label.
 Will Rap for Food is the debut album by southern hip hop group CunninLynguists. It was released by Urban Aces in October 2001. The album was produced mainly by the group's Kno and most of the vocals are by Deacon (with Kno appearing on most tracks as well) plus a number of guest vocalists. One single So Live! was released via Buds Distribution. The song Thugged Out Since Cub Scouts satirizes gangsta rap and rappers claiming to be tough.
 Hangin' Up My Heart is the 1983 debut album of actress Sissy Spacek. The album produced three singles: Lonely but Only for You which reached number 15 on Hot Country Songs along with If I Can Just Get Through the Night and If You Could Only See Me Now.
 Da Unbreakables is the sixth studio album from the rap group Three 6 Mafia. The album features Lord Infamous DJ Paul Juicy J and Crunchy Black. Gangsta Boo and Koopsta Knicca both left to pursue solo careers. Da Unbreakables marks the beginning of the general trajectory of Three 6 Mafia's career to date moving them further away from their horrorcore beginnings toward the hardcore rap mainstream yet doing so without compromising any of duo Juicy J and DJ Paul's production style.
 Lvl. 1 is the 2007 debut album by the band Last Chance to Reason. The album heavily references video games especially Super Metroid. Song titles include Escape From Brinstar Kraid Ain't Got Shit On Me and Destroy Mother Brain (references to Nintendo's Super Metroid) and Maddens for Noobz (referencing the John Madden series of video games).
 The Best of Fra Lippo Lippi is a compilation album by Norwegian New Wave/pop rock group Fra Lippo Lippi. This album is basically a reissue of the band's '85-'95 compilation but with a slightly different track order the song Angel replacing If You Were in My Shoes and the addition of the live version of Everytime I See You.
 Greatest Hits is a greatest hits compilation album released by UK duo Lighthouse Family in 18 November 2002 on Wildcard / Polydor. There are two different versions of this album one with the two bonus tracks Lifted (Linslee Mix) and End of the Sky and one without them. This album reached gold status.On 7 April 2003 The Very Best of Lighthouse Family was released containing the same track listing and bonus tracks.
 Live from New Jersey is a live album released by Pete Yorn in 2004.It was recorded in Fall 2003 and actually had been available through Yorn's website since January of that year but now has an official release. This release gives a full concert performance of Yorn who mixes up tracks from both studio albums he had recorded up until that point.
 If There Was a Way is the fourth album by Dwight Yoakam. Five of its tracks would rise into the Top 40 of the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart in 1991 and 1992. They were Turn It On Turn It Up Turn Me Loose at No. 11 You're the One at No. 5 Nothing's Changed Here at No. 15 It Only Hurts When I Cry at No. 7 Send a Message to My Heart (a duet with fellow Pikeville Kentucky native Patty Loveless) at No. 47 and finally the No. 18 The Heart That You Own.
 Satisfy released by Vertical Records is Kathryn Scott's first solo album released in 2004. Seven of the songs are penned by Scott herself including her most famous track Hungry and also At the foot of the cross and Breathe on me now.She also does covers of Matt Redman's Blessed be Your name Mercy Me's Imagine and Isaac Watts' classic When I Survey the Wondrous Cross.
 Dogs from Japan is the twelfth studio album by Crack the Sky.
 5 is an album by the German industrial metal band Megaherz. It was released in 2004 and was re-released in the United States in 2006. It's the first and the only album by this band to feature Mathias Jablonski Elsholz as lead vocals.
 Your Mama Don't Dance is an album by organist Charles Kynard which was recorded in 1973 and released on the Mainstream label.
 The Warriors EP Volume 2 is the name of P.O.D.'s third EP second in their Warriors EP series which contains demos from the Testify recording sessions a cover of the Payola$ song Eyes Of A Stranger and live versions of Wildfire and Boom recorded at Cornerstone Festival 2004. The inside of the cover contains a message from lead singer Sonny Sandoval to the 'Warriors' P.O.D.'s worldwide following of fans. The EP was released on November 15 2005 and was limited to 40000 copies.
 The Black Trip album from Swiss heavy metal band Samael is a double DVD set which contains a concert held on Summer Breeze Festival (2002) a live concert held in Kraków Poland in 1996 during their Passage world tour and also a bootleg concert shot in Illinois (USA) during the Ceremony of Opposites tour.
 The Soldier's Just Came Back is the fifth live album by the Japanese band Loudness. It was released in 2001 only in Japan and recorded during the successful Spiritual Canoe tour with the original line-up. At the same time a VHS with the videotape of the concert was released by Nippon Columbia.
 Life Teachings is the third studio album from Jamaican reggae artist I Wayne. It features his typically smooth voice over typical Jamaican rhythms. The album reflects I Wayne's personal philosophy of positivism and his stance against rude boy culture which he blames for several of Jamaica's problems.
 Walking on Locusts is a studio album by Welsh multi-instrumentalist John Cale. It was released in 1996 by Hannibal Records. Cale worked with several guest musicians including David Byrne Maureen Tucker and Erik Sanko.
 Best of The Doobies Volume II is a compilation album by the rock band The Doobie Brothers released in 1981.
 Celldweller is the first album by the American electronic rock band Celldweller released in 2003. The album spent one week on the Billboard Top Internet Albums chart at number 17 and the song I Believe You reached number 11 on the R&R Alternative Specialty Show Chart.[citation needed] Celldweller was awarded Album of the Year at the Just Plain Folks Music Awards.
 Thank You is the fifth album by Royal Trux. It was released in 1995.
 In the Beginning is an electric blues album performed live by Stevie (Ray) Vaughan and Double Trouble (the stage name at that time did not include Vaughan's middle name). While the album was released about two years after Vaughan's death in 1990 the actual performance took place on April 1 1980 at Steamboat 1874 in Austin Texas and was broadcast live on KLBJ-FM radio.
 Red Hot Chili Peppers: Live From the Basement is the title of 2012 live performance by Red Hot Chili Peppers which was part of Nigel Godrich's online live music series From the Basement. Filmed in 2012 the performance featured the band performing most of their 2011 album I'm with You in sequence in it's entirety. The performance has since been aired on television in various parts of the world including the United States and the UK however a DVD release is unlikely.
 Expletive Delighted! is a 1986 album by folk rock band Fairport Convention. It is the band's only album consisting solely of instrumental tracks despite the claim Lyric sheet enclosed on the album cover.Ric Sanders who had played on some tracks on the previous album Gladys' Leap was invited to join Fairport full-time as was Maartin Allcock; the result according to Dave Pegg Ric and Maart were both writing stuff composing these great instrumental pieces.
 Waltari is the eponymous debut album by Finnish heavy metal band Waltari. It was released in 1988 by Fucking DUCK 1 label. This is the only album released by Waltari as a trio band in the original line-up.
 Hotter Than Hell is the second studio album by American rock band Kiss released on October 22 1974. It was certified gold on June 23 1977 having shipped 500000 copies. The album was re-released in 1997 in a remastered version. It peaked on the charts at #100 without the benefit of a hit single. Many of the album's songs are live staples for the band including Got to Choose Parasite Hotter Than Hell Let Me Go Rock & Roll and Watchin' You.
 Swordfishtrombones is an album by American singer-songwriter Tom Waits released in September 1983. It was the first album that Waits produced himself.Stylistically different from his previous LPs the album moves away from the piano and string orchestra arrangements of the late 1970s replacing them instead with unusual instrumentation and a somewhat more abstract songwriting approach.[citation needed]The cover art is a TinTone photograph by Michael A.
 Misery Is a Butterfly is the sixth studio album by Blonde Redhead released in 2004.The song Elephant Woman was featured over the end credits of the 2005 film Hard Candy. The song Misery Is a Butterfly  was featured over the end of the 2008 film Tout est parfait. Additionally the song features a drum sample from Timmy Thomas' Why Can't We Live Together. The song Messenger was also featured in the Me and You and Everyone We Know trailer a film by Miranda July.
 T with the Maggies is the first album from Irish Celtic-Folk supergroup T with the Maggies. It was released on 29 October 2010 in Ireland and on 22 February 2011 in the United States.
 Kent is the debut album by the Swedish band Kent released in 1995.
 The Absence is the second studio album by the American metal band Luna Mortis. The album was released in 2009 by Century Media and is the first studio album that Luna Mortis released through that record label. Four of the tracks on the album were recorded in February 2008 with producer Jason Suecof at his Audio Hammer Studios and were used as a demo that was sent out only to record labels in hopes of acquiring a recording contract for the band.
 Retro Active is an album by English hard rock band Def Leppard released in 1993. The album features touched-up versions of B-sides and previously unreleased recordings from the band's recording sessions between 1984 and 1993. The album charted at number 9 on The Billboard 200 and No. 6 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Parvaaz (Urdu: پرواز literal English translation: flight) is the fifth studio album and sixth overall album by the Pakistani band Junoon. It was released in 1999 and features songs mostly based on the poetry of the great Punjabi Sufi poet Bulleh Shah.
 Rea is an album by Swiss pianist and composer Nik Bärtsch's band Ronin recorded in Zürich in 2003 and first released on the Tonus Music label.
 Swing Me an Old Song was an LP album by Julie London released by Liberty Records under catalog numbers LRP-3119 (monaural) and LST-7119 (stereophonic) in 1959.
 At Donington UK: Live 1983 & 1987 is a live album from American heavy metal band Dio. It was released on November 9 2010 as the first release from Dio's Niji Entertainment Group label. It features two appearances by Dio at the Monsters of Rock festival at Donington: the 1983 show and the 1987 show (from the Holy Diver and Dream Evil tours respectively). The 1987 concert also features the debut appearance of guitarist Craig Goldy with Dio.
 Ether-Electrified Porch Music is Carbon Leaf's third album. It was released in 1999 by the band's own label Constant Ivy Records.
 Reese and the Smooth Ones is a 1969 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Paris for the French BYG Actuel label. It features performances by Lester Bowie Joseph Jarman Roscoe Mitchell and Malachi Favors Maghostut.
 Live At Tonic is an album by keyboardist Marco Benevento. Benevento invited his old friend Andy Hurwitz (Ropeadope label boss) along to document the proceedings. Alternating between group and solo performance Benevento played two sets a night and was joined by a different cast of musical co-conspirators for each show.
 Bashtown is the fourth studio album by the American hip hop artist Baby Bash. Released on March 22 2011 it is the first of his albums to be released on Upstairs Records. Bashtown was produced by Jim Jonsin Printz Board Happy P Mickaël J. Lacy & C-Ballin and has vocal guests E-40 Paul Wall Slim Thug and Lloyd among others. According to Baby Bash the album was recorded entirely in 2010 although many singles and the album were released in 2011.
 Sweet & Sour Tears is a 1964 album by Ray Charles. It is a concept album featuring songs with titles or lyrics referring to crying. In 1997 Rhino Records reissued the album on compact disc with seven bonus tracks from his early career (1956-1971) that added to the crying theme.
 So Jealous is a studio album by Canadian band Tegan and Sara released on September 14 2004. It is their third album on Vapor Records and their fourth overall. One track on the album Walking with a Ghost was later covered by The White Stripes and became the title song of their EP Walking with a Ghost. The album art was created by designer EE Storey.
 Get Into It is the first album by rapper Cazwell. Get Into It is a mini-album with eight bonus tracks. Copies bought from his official website could also be autographed by him if the purchaser chose. To celebrate the release Clubplanet threw a release party. Hip-Hopper Cazwell celebrated the release of the mini-album with a live performance featuring Avenue D and Amanda Lepore who also contributed to the album.
 Moving Vehicles Extended is a two-part extended play released by the British art rock group Moving Vehicles. Part 1 released on the 14 November 1980 had the singles The Death of Rock 'n' Roll and Zero Tollerence recorded onto it and Part 2 released on the 7 March 1981 had the singles Brain Without Mind and One Step Ahead recorded onto it. All four singles were recorded as part of the track listing on the band's fourth and final album Blackout in 1982.
 Christmas with Ivi Adamou (Greek: Χριστούγεννα με την Ήβη Αδάμου) is the second extended play by Greek Cypriot singer Ivi Adamou released in Greece and Cyprus 22 November 2010 by Sony Music Greece. The album was subsequently released in the Netherlands and Portugal as Christmas with Ivi Adamou. The recordings are performed with the children's choir of Spiros Lambrou.
 High Noon is the title of Best of and rarities collection by Mark Heard released in 1993 on Heard's own Fingerprint Records. The album consists of primarily tracks from Heard's final three albums 1990's Dry Bones Dance 1991's Second Hand and 1993's Satellite Sky.
 Dangerous is the first live CD album released by stand-up comedian and satirist Bill Hicks in 1990 on New York based Invasion Records. The album was recorded over two nights at Caroline's in New York City.Nearly all of this material was previously performed in Hicks' Sane Man special in 1989.The album sold about 5000 units.
 It's Whateva is The Federation's second album released by Reprise Records on October 2 2007. Travis Barker E-40 the Walter Hawkins Choir Ca$his and Snoop Dogg make guest appearances.
 Roses is the sixth studio album by Irish band The Cranberries released in the Republic of Ireland on 24 February 2012 and globally on 27 February 2012. Produced by Stephen Street it is the band's first studio release in ten years. Originally planned to be released in early 2004 the recordings for the follow-up to Wake Up and Smell the Coffee were scrapped after the band decided to go their separate ways.
 Deliverance is the second full album from the American rock band Quietdrive. The album was released on October 14 2008 through The Militia Group.
 Empros is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Russian Circles. The album was released on October 25 2011 through Sargent House. This is Russian Circles' first album released solely through Sargent House. For the group's first three albums Sargent House released limited edition vinyl copies while CD and digital copies were handled by Suicide Squeeze Records or Flameshovel Records.Russian Circles began writing Empros in January 2011.
 Rare Precious and Beautiful Volume 2 is a compilation released by the Bee Gees in 1968 on Polydor Records in the UK and Karussell Records in Germany. The album was released in the US on Atco Records in 1970. The songs were recorded between 1963 and 1966.
 Excess All Areas is the third album by the Birmingham England band Shy. Recorded in the Netherlands with producer Neil Kernon the album was published in 1987 on RCA/BMG. The album featured Shy's biggest hit Break Down The Walls co-written with Don Dokken and reached Britain's top 75 with Metal Hammer magazine being appreciative.
 Gato negro dragón rojo (English: Black cat-red dragon also stylised as: Gato negro◆dragón rojo) is the fifth studio album by the Spanish folk rock group Amaral. It was released in Spain during 2008. Recording and album mastering was completed on 25 April 2008.
 Just the Beginning... is the only album released by the American R&B group Voices. The album was not commercially successful though it did yield three singles: Yeah Yeah Yeah! M.M.D.R.N.F. (My Mama Didn't Raise No Fool) and Cloudy With a Chance of Tears.
 Honour – Valour – Pride is an album by the British death metal band Bolt Thrower. It was recorded and mixed at Sable Rose Studios in Coventry England June to September 2001. It was produced by the band and Andy Faulkner and was released on Metal Blade Records in 2002. Honour – Valour – Pride is the only full length Bolt Thrower album not featuring Karl Willetts.
 The Death of Me is the first solo EP by City and Colour the pet project of Canadian musician Dallas Green. It was recorded in three days while his band Alexisonfire were taking a short break in between tours. Only 2000 copies were pressed and the EPs were only available at his early solo shows in Southern Ontario and is no longer available in print.
 New Live and Rare is a compilation EP that was released in 1988 of songs recorded by Echo & the Bunnymen. The EP was released on CD by WEA in Japan. The EP brings together the songs People Are Strange from the soundtrack to the film The Lost Boys The Killing Moon (All Night Version) from the extended 12-inch single and live versions of All You Need Is Love Paint It Black Run Run Run Friction and Do It Clean.
 Bibi's 1st EP (周笔畅 1st EP) is the first EP from Chinese singer and songwriter Zhou Bichang released on June 1 2006. Zhou Bichang composed two of the songs Only Me Left and Uh.... The single Only Me left won Top 10 Songs of the Year at the 2006 Hong Kong TVB8 Music Award.
 Left is the second and final album by the band Hope of the States released on June 19 2006. It was released on CD DualDisc CD/DVD and as a limited edition double 10 vinyl. The album was preceded by two singles the limited edition Blood Meridian EP and Sing It Out which reached #39 in the singles charts.
 The Don't Look Back Into The Sun/Death On The Stairs EP is a Japan-only 7 track EP released by The Libertines in September 2003. It is a multi-media CD released containing the video to I Get Along as the eighth track listing. The version of Don't Look Back into the Sun was one second longer than the single release and Death on the Stairs is an alternative recording to the one released on Up The Bracket.
 VH1 Storytellers is a semi-acoustic live album by Billy Idol recorded at the VH1 Storytellers in 2001 and released in 2002. It was re-released in 2008 in Sight & Sound format which includes DVD of the performance the CD contain a different order of the songs and add a bonus track Untouchables.
 Tongue n' Cheek is the fourth studio album by British rapper Dizzee Rascal. The album was released on 20 September 2009 and includes the number one singles Dance wiv Me Bonkers Holiday and Dirtee Disco. It has been certified platinum by the BPI for sales of over 300000 making it the best-selling album of Rascal's career.
 Handwritten Notes is an album by guitarist Preston Reed. It was the first release on Reed's own label.
 Fish Inn is the fourth album by Japanese hardcore punk group The Stalin released on November 20 1984.It was released from the BQ record of the independent music label. Moreover a part of the voice was corrected in 1986 and it was released from Tokuma Onkou of the majors label again. The Stalin's it is the fourth totaling piece and The Stalin is album that becomes the last work.
 Inventaire is the name given to the debut album of the French singer Christophe Willem. It was released on April 16 2007 and was supported by the two hit singles Double Je and Jacques a dit which were top five hits in France and Belgium. The album was mainly composed by the French artists Zazie and Philippe Katerine. It was the third more successful album of 2007 in France and a huge success in francophone countries with about 1 million copies sold.
 A Good Day is the second album by Jessica Molaskey the first recording done for her new label P.S. Classics. As can be said for all of her albums to date she is accompanied by her husband John Pizzarelli (an accomplished jazz singer and guitarist). Her father-in-law Bucky Pizzarelli also lent his guitar-playing expertise to this recording. This is probably her most swinging album to date filled with ballads and jazz standards.
 The Lyric is a 2005 jazz album by saxophonist and percussionist Jim Tomlinson and vocalist Stacey Kent.
 You Are So Beautiful was the eighth album released by Tanya Tucker and the fourth and final one with her first label Columbia Records and with producer Billy Sherrill. It consisted of songs Tucker had recorded several years prior while still recording for Columbia.
 Stinking Up the Night is the debut album by the Swedish old-school death metal band Death Breath released in 2006
 A Salty Dog is the third studio album by English band Procol Harum released in June 1969. Having an ostensibly nautical theme as indicated by its cover (a pastiche of the famous Player's Navy Cut cigarette pack) interspersed with straight rock blues and pop items A Salty Dog showed a slight change of direction from its predecessors being thematically less obscure.
 Take It All Away is the debut major-label studio album from American pop rock singer-songwriter Ryan Cabrera and was released in 2004 on Atlantic Records. From this album three hit singles were released; On the Way Down True and 40 Kinds of Sadness.
 Rockin' the Rhein with the Grateful Dead is a Grateful Dead triple live album released in 2004. It was recorded at Rheinhalle in the German town of Düsseldorf on April 24 1972 during their famous European tour. The tracklist on the CD differs from the actual setlist played that night. It was done this way to preserve groups of segued tracks and fit on three discs properly.
 This article describes an album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 9 or Now 9 was released in 1988. The album is the ninth edition of the South African Now! series.
 The Beauty of Destruction is the debut studio album by American metalcore supergroup Devil You Know. It was released on April 25 2014 in Europe and on April 29 in North America UK and France through Nuclear Blast. It was produced by Logan Mader and mixed by Zeuss.
 Number Ones is a compilation album of recordings by Swedish pop group ABBA released by Polar Music in 2006.Whereas ABBA Gold had pulled together 19 of the group's biggest hits and most familiar songs Number Ones was a variation on this concept collecting 18 tracks that were #1 hits in many of the countries where ABBA were successful.
 Zyryab is a 1990 album by composer Paco de Lucía performed with his sextet. It features jazz pianist Chick Corea and guitarist Manolo Sanlúcar. The album is named after Ziryab a 9th-century Shiraz-born poet/musician at the Umayyad court in Córdoba credited with introducing to Spain the Persian lute later to become the Spanish guitar.
 Dare To Live - Perspectives on Welcome to Goodbye is a 2006 EP by Rotersand.
 FabricLive.08 is a DJ mix compilation album by Plump DJs as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Stranger in the City was the second solo album by John Miles and was released in 1977. Recording sessions started in the summer of 1976 when Miles was promoting his first album with producer Rupert Holmes.
 Le Fil is the second album by French singer Camille. The title translates as The Thread. The album features a 'tone' a low-level drone that is in the background of every song which Camille has described as 'her note'. The note is a B.
 The Story of Your Life is the fourth studio album by Christian Contemporary-Pop-Rock musician Matthew West. It was released on October 5 2010 through Sparrow Records. The album was produced by Brown Bannister and Pete Kipley.The first radio single was My Own Little World that charted at No. 6 on the Christian Songs chart. The second radio single from the album was Strong Enough which charted at No. 3 on the Christian Songs chart. The album sold over 10000 copies in its debut week.
 Plasma is Trey Anastasio's first live album. The two-disc set features live tracks recorded during Trey's summer and fall tour in 2002 with his dectet which included a guitar bass saxophones trumpet trombone tuba flute percussion keyboards and drums. Plasma was released on April 29 2003.
 Hei Ha! is a 2002 album by New Zealand singer Mahinarangi Tocker. The songs were written by Tocker with the exceptions of Raukawa Takiri and Ko Te Nau Pararahi which are traditional songs while Nga Hau E Wha and I'll Breathe You were co-written with David Downes.
 Angst is the seventh album by industrial rock band KMFDM. It was released on October 13 1993 on TVT/Wax Trax! Records in the United States. The UK release on Roadrunner Records also included five remixes of Light from the Light single. It was recorded in Chicago Illinois.
 All We Are is the second studio album by Irish Acoustic hip-hop group O.R.B. released on iTunes on May 2 2014 through Gotta Run Records
 Ramshackled is the debut solo album by Alan White drummer for British progressive rock band Yes. It was released in 1976 on Atlantic Records during a period when all five of the Yes band members (Jon Anderson Chris Squire Steve Howe Patrick Moraz and White) released solo albums.
 Super Modern Artistic Performance (stylized as super.modern.artistic.performance) is the eighteenth studio album of Japanese boy band SMAP released on September 24 2008 by Victor Entertainment in Japan. The album features work from Japanese-Canadian pop-rock band Monkey Majik Korean singer-songwriter Park Jin-young Japanese electronic musician and Capsule member Yasutaka Nakata and Black Eyed Peas member will.i.am.
 Pirates of the Mississippi is the self-titled debut album of the American country music band Pirates of the Mississippi. It was released in 1990 on Capitol Records Nashville and contains four singles: Honky Tonk Blues (a cover of the Hank Williams song) Rollin' Home Feed Jake and Speak of the Devil. Feed Jake was the highest charting of these singles reaching #15 on the Billboard country charts. All of the other singles except Rollin' Home reached Top 40 on the same chart.
 Replay is the second studio album by Swedish girlband Play released on 10 June 2003. It contains covers from British artists such as Billie Piper Liberty X and Atomic Kitten. The first single off the album was I Must Not Chase the Boys. The album peaked at #67 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Elegy was the final official album release by The Nice Keith Emerson having moved on to Emerson Lake & Palmer Lee Jackson to Jackson Heights and Brian Davison to Every Which Way. It consists of live versions of songs from earlier releases and a cover of My Back Pages. Released after The Nice had disbanded the album achieved number 5 in the UK album chart.Hang on to a Dream and America were recorded live at Fillmore East New York during the group's 1969 tour.
 My Blue World is the fourth studio album of German band Bad Boys Blue. It was released on October 10 1988 by Coconut Records. The record includes three singles: A World Without You (Michelle) Don’t Walk Away Susanne and Lovers In The Sand. All the songs were performed by Trevor Taylor and John McInerney. Starting from this album John McInerney has secured himself a position as the band's new leader and vocalist.
 Grandes éxitos (English: Greatest Hits) is the first greatest hits album by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira. It was released on November 2 2002 by Sony Music International and Columbia Records one year after her fifth studio album and English-language debut Laundry Service.
 The Way I Feel is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins released on the Milestone label in 1976 featuring performances by Rollins with Patrice Rushen Lee Ritenour Billy Cobham and Bill Summers with a brass section added on five tracks.
 Celestial Entrance is the second studio album by the Norwegian progressive metal band Pagan's Mind. According to the liner notes Celestial Entrance was inspired by some of the theories of Erich von Däniken the search for extra-terrestrial intelligence the mystic parallels of the four religions and ideas launched by certain open-minded scientists throughout the world.
 Behaviour is the sixth studio album by the Canadian progressive rock band Saga and was originally released in 1985 two years after the moderately successful Heads or Tales.
 Life Fantastic is the fourth album by the experimental indie rock band Man Man. The album was produced by Mike Mogis marking the first time the band has worked with an outside producer. Pitchfork called the album by far their most tasteful and well-produced record to date with the band having dialed down the wacky factor in favor of a cleaner darker and more autobiographical tone demonstrated in their lyrics with references to self-mutilation and emotionally taxing relationships.
 The Best of The Alan Parsons Project is a compilation album released by Arista in France in 2002. Both discs were housed in a slim-line double jewel case.
 Viktoria is the fifth studio album by Norwegian singer-songwriter Maria Mena. Like Cause and Effect Viktoria is also produced by Martin Sjølie.
 Timeless is the sixth album by R&B singer Kenny Lattimore and the first under new record label Verve Records releasing September 9 2008. Timeless also marks the first time Lattimore has recorded as a solo artist since 2001's Weekend. In the interim Lattimore recorded as a duo with wife Chanté Moore. Moore also returned to solo departures with the 2008 album Love The Woman.
 Beam Me Up! is a studio album (the 18th) by Daniel Johnston released in 2010.
 Živák is the first live CD/DVD by the Slovak punk rock/comedy rock band Horkýže Slíže released in October 2005. The album was recorded April 23 2005 in Levice.
 Heartbreaker is the 20th solo studio album by Dolly Parton released in 1978. Released following the huge pop crossover success of Here You Come Again Heartbreaker was designed as an even more direct aim at the pop charts with several of its songs verging on disco. The title song a ballad written by Carole Bayer Sager topped the U.S.
 Fabric 38 is a 2008 album by Berlin duo M.A.N.D.Y.. The album was released as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 Mercury Falling is the fifth studio album by Sting released in 1996. The album was marked by its tight studio production as well as its use of brass instrumentation reminiscent of recordings made at FAME Studios in the 1960s. It marked Sting's transition from heavier jazz-inspired rock to the adult contemporary genre.
 Classic is the second compilation and sixth album overall by hip hop duo Eric B. & Rakim one of the titles of the European version of Universal Music Group’s Millennium Masters series. Despite being an Eric B. & Rakim album the back cover featured Eric B. with Chuck D. because of an editing error.
 Expatriape is the first album by Hairy Apes BMX released 1999.
 Trouble No More is American singer-songwriter and musician John Mellencamp's eighteenth full-length album and his final recording for Columbia Records released in 2003. It consists of blues and folk covers.A re-working of To Washington featuring new lyrics critical of President George W.
 Moms is the fifth studio album from the band Menomena. It was released on September 18 2012.
 Sky Islands is a 1993 Jazz album by Ramsey Lewis released on GRP Records.The album peaked at #4 on the Billboard Top Contemporary Jazz Albums chart.
 Down Home New York is an album by the American jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp recorded in 1984 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 The Meadowlands is the third studio album by The Wrens. It was released by Absolutely Kosher Records on September 9 2003 and in Europe two years later on September 19 2005 by LO-MAX Records. A UK limited edition version with two extra tracks Such a Pretty Lie and Nervous and Not Me was released on February 27 2006. The album was named after the New Jersey Meadowlands the wetlands near the Wrens' home in New Jersey.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation of songs by American southern rock band Molly Hatchet. The collection was released in 1990. It was the last album released by Epic Records and features guitarist Bobby Ingram on the two newly recorded tracks after the departure of David Hlubek in 1986. In 2001 Sony Music re-issued the album in an expanded edition with three tracks that weren't on the original 12-track collection along with liner notes from Martin Popoff.
 Live from the Gravity Tour is a 2009 live EP released by Sara Bareilles. It was available as a free download off of Sara Bareilles' official website.
 Labcabincalifornia is the second album by The Pharcyde released in 1995 three years after their debut Bizarre Ride II the Pharcyde. The album's production was handled by The Pharcyde themselves and Jay Dee with additional help from Diamond D and M-Walk.The first single was Drop. The video for Drop was directed by Spike Jonze and used footage of the group performing the song backwards replayed backwards giving it a surreal quality.
 The Evening Call is an album by American folk singer/guitarist Greg Brown released in 2006. It was his first album of all new material in over four years.
 The Hymns Sessions Vol. 1 was the first hymns album by Christian Contemporary musician Jimmy Needham released independently by Needham through NeedHim Music on September 10 2013 and it was produced by Needham. The album has seen commercial charting successes as well as garnered critical acclamation.
 Desolation of Eden is the debut full-length album by American deathcore band Chelsea Grin. It was released February 16 2010 through Artery Recordings. Upon its release the album reached 21 on the Top Heatseekers chart. Desolation of Eden features two re-recordings of the songs Cheyne Stokes and Recreant which were originally on the band's self-titled EP.
 The Sword/Witchcraft is a split extended play (EP) by American heavy metal band The Sword and Swedish doom metal band Witchcraft. Released on November 13 2007 by Kemado Records the label with which The Sword were signed at the time it was limited to 2500 vinyl copies.
 Nete mo Samete mo (寝ても醒めても Whether Awake or Asleep) is Japanese singer songwriter Fayray's seventh studio album and first in 3 years. The album was released January 14 2009.
 Liberation Transmission is the third studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Lostprophets. The album was released in June 2006 and became the first Lostprophets album to enter the UK album chart at number one (2 July for 1 week). The album peaked at number thirty three on the Billboard 200 album chart with 27000 copies sold.
 SuREvival is the fourth studio album of Polish Progressive rock group Quidam released 2005. It is the first album after singer Emilia Derkowska and the whole rhythm section bassist Radek Scholl anddrummer Rafał Jermakow left the band.
 Hymnal is an album by Hwyl Nofio.
 Let Your Hair Down is the seventeenth studio album by the Steve Miller Band released on April 19 2011.Let Your Hair Down was recorded alongside the group's previous album Bingo! which was released 10 months earlier.
 Raggamuffin Vol 1 is a New Zealand and Australian compilation album released to coincide with the Raggamuffin Music Festival in 2008. It was sold on the day in Australia and is available throughout retailers in New Zealand and online.
 Thinking Out Loud is the seventh studio album by guitarist Frank Gambale released in 1995 through Victor Entertainment and reissued on April 24 2001 through Samson Records.
 Lost And Found is a 2-Disc album that includes demos and live recordings by the Byron Band which spans two years from 1980-1982. It also includes a Robin George solo track.
 Brillianty (Russian: Бриллианты Diamonds) is the first compilation album by Nu Virgos.
 Music of True Romance for Hyper Meat Performance is the only album by True Romance a performance art side project of Merzbow. It contains extracts from the backing music made for two performances.
 All American Gangsta is the sixth album by southern rapper E.S.G..
 Wolf Pact is an album by Boyd Rice & Fiends (in this collaboration Douglas P. and Albin Julius).
 Evolver is the fifth studio album by the Industrial rock band Godhead released by Reality Entertainment on July 15 2003.The album has sold over 100000 copies in the United States to date.The Hate In Me and Far Too Long were released as singles.
 Across a Crowded Room is the third solo album by Richard Thompson released in 1985.In 1984 Thompson's management negotiated a contract with Polydor which gave him some financial security for the first time in over a decade. Across A Crowded Room was the first album recorded under this new contract.
 The Swan Princess: Music From The Motion Picture is the soundtrack to the Animated Feature The Swan Princess. Far Longer Than Forever was nominated for a Golden Globe Award. There is also an alternate Swan Princess soundtrack titled The Animated Classic Soundtrack.
 Images is a five-track EP by Dive with an accompanying 72 page book containing lyrics and artwork by French artist Françoise Duvivier.
 Repercussion is the second album by The dB's. Like its predecessor Stands for Decibels the album was commercially unsuccessful but has since developed a cult following and is now arguably regarded as just as much of a classic as Stands for Decibels by both fans of power pop and rock fans in general.[citation needed]The dB's began recording the album after a brief tour in May 1981.
 Event '76 is the seventh album of the jazz fusion band Area and the second live album. It was recorded in Milan's Università Statale in 1976 though released in 1979.
 Bag is the first album by God Street Wine. It was released independently by Ripe & Ready records containing many of the songs that would become staples of their concerts for years to come.
 I Believe There Is More is a Contemporary Christian album of Worship music by Don Moen. It was released everywhere else in the world on September 2008 except that in United States and Canada it was later released on March 3 2009 by Integrity Hosanna! Music Columbia and Sony.
 Life In-Between is the debut album by rock band Royal Bliss. It was released January 13 2009 as a joint collaboration between Merovingian Music and Caroline Records under the exclusive license to Capitol Records. The album's first single Save Me was released July 15 2008. It is currently available for sale digitally at all major online retailers (iTunes Amazon Rhapsody etc.).
 Rainy Day Music is an album by the American alternative country and rock band The Jayhawks released in 2003. It debuted on the Billboard 200 at number 51 selling 19000 copies that week.
 Curious Faces Violet Future is the first EP by American indie rock band Twin Tigers.
 Late Registration is the second studio album by American hip hop artist Kanye West released on August 30 2005 by Roc-A-Fella Records. Recording sessions for the album took place over the course of a year at Record Plant Studios Chalice Recording Studios and Grandmaster Recording Studios in Hollywood and at Sony Music Studios in New York City.
 Austin & Ally is a Disney Channel soundtrack from the hit TV series Austin & Ally. The album features songs from the show's first season performed by Ross Lynch with two bonus tracks (not featured in the series) performed by the band R5. It was released digitally and physically by Walt Disney Records on September 11 2012.
 Ask Me Now! is an album by American jazz clarinetist Pee Wee Russell featuring trombonist Marshall Brown recorded in 1963 for the Impulse! label.
 Sound the Alarm is the third full-length album by American singer-songwriter Howie Day and the follow-up to his million-selling second album Stop All the World Now. It was recorded over a three-year period during which he attended a rehabilitation center for alcohol abuse.[citation needed] The album was originally set for release in 2008 before being delayed and eventually released by Epic Records on September 8 2009.
 Le Jardin de Heavenly is the second and most critically acclaimed album by twee pop band Heavenly. The album was released on Sarah Records in the United Kingdom and K Records in the United States. Beat Happening's Calvin Johnson sings on the track C is the Heavenly Option which was later covered by Welsh group Los Campesinos! as a b-side to their 2007 single The International Tweexcore Underground.
 Dana Dane with Fame is the debut album by American rapper Dana Dane which was released in 1987 on Profile Records and was produced by legendary producer Hurby Luv Bug. Dana Dane with Fame achieved great success peaking at #46 on the Billboard 200 and #2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 The Cross Eyed Rambler is a 2008 album by Paul Heaton. It was his first album since the breakup of The Beautiful South in 2007 and his second solo album after 2001's Fat Chance. The album contains the single Mermaids and Slaves.
 Zerre is the fifth studio album of Replikas released in November 2008 with Peyote Music.In order to capture huge and organic sounds not found in a normal studio the band went to Gokceada (an island in the Aegean Sea) and transformed a former prison into a recording studio. Production recording and mix processes were carried out by Metin Bozkurt and Replikas members and mastering was done by Kim Rosen in New York’s West West Side Studios.
 Greatest Hits is an iTunes exclusive greatest hits album by techno/electronica group the Vengaboys.
 The Medicine is an album by West Coast hip hop artist Planet Asia released on October 3 2006 through ABB Records. The album is the third installment of Planet Asia's Medicali series following The Sickness and The Diagnosis. The Medicine is produced by Evidence of Dilated Peoples and features guest appearances from Krondon Phil Da Agony Black Thought Jonell Prodigy Defari and Evidence and Rakaa of Dilated Peoples. The album's lead single is Thick Ropes b/w On Your Way 93706.
 Strange Weather Lately is the first album by Scottish guitar-pop fourpiece Astrid.
 Hot Sauce Committee Part Two is the eighth studio album by the Beastie Boys released on April 27 2011.The album was originally planned for release on September 15 2009 under the title Hot Sauce Committee Pt. 1 as the first installment of a two-part set. The album was delayed after band member Adam MCA Yauch was diagnosed with cancer.
 The Best of the Alan Parsons Project is a 1983 greatest hits compilation by the Alan Parsons Project. As well as featuring several previously released songs it also contained a new song You Don't Believe which was included in the next APP album Ammonia Avenue. In 1986 it had become the first album of the group to be released in the Soviet Union although the song Psychobabble was removed from it.
 Kasmodiah is an album written by Deine Lakaien. It was released in 1999.
 December Moon is the debut demo tape by Swedish extreme metal band Morbid. The album was recorded at Thunderload Studios in Stockholm on 5 and 6 December 1987. With this demo Morbid became notorious and had a great impact upon the Swedish death metal scene. December Moon was reissued in 1994 and 2000.
 Adak (English: Sacrifice) is İzel's debut studio album. It was released in June 1995. The album mainly has a Pop folk sound. Most of the lyrics were written by Ercan Saatçi.
 In London is a studio album by Hindustani classical musician Ravi Shankar. It was published on LP record in 1964 originally with the title India's Master Musician / Recorded in London.In the late 1990s Squires Productions was commissioned to digitally remaster the album for Compact Disc; Wayne Hileman was the mastering engineer. Angel Records published the remastered album on 26 January 1999 under the shortened title In London.
 The Odd Trio is a solo album released in 2000 by guitar virtuoso Michael Schenker. Schenker himself talks about this album on his website: This album came about in 2000 when I had the urge to record an album playing all instruments. I thought of it as a fun thing to do and decided to disguise myself as different musicians inventing characters. It was quite an experience engineering producing and recording all instruments by myself in my own studio.
 Tauromagia is a 1988 flamenco album by virtuoso guitarist Manolo Sanlúcar. The album was extremely well received by the flamenco community and it is considered to be one of the best flamenco albums of all time.
 Tired of Hanging Around is the second album by British indie rock band The Zutons released in the UK on April 17 2006. Produced by Stephen Street the album was recorded at Townhouse and Olympic Studios in 2005. The album charted at 2 on the UK album charts.
 Yums: The Mixtape is a mixtape by Guelo Star. It was released on April 11 2012. It features artists such as De La Ghetto Khriz MC Ceja and Polaco.
 The Supersonic Storybook is the third album by American alternative rock group Urge Overkill.
 Down The Road I Go is American country music artist Travis Tritt's seventh album released on Columbia Records in 2000. It is also his first album for Columbia. The tracks Best Of Intentions It's a Great Day to Be Alive Love of a Woman and Modern Day Bonnie and Clyde were released as singles. It's a Great Day to Be Alive was originally recorded in 1996 by Jon Randall for an album which was never released.
 Monster Ballads Volume 2 is the sequel to Monster Ballads. Like its predecessor it is a compilation album of many power ballads.
 Reaching the Cold 100 is an album recorded by the British blues band the Peter Green Splinter Group led by Peter Green. Released in 2003 this was their eighth and final album. Green was the founder of Fleetwood Mac and a member of that group from 1967–70 before a sporadic solo career during the late 1970s and early 1980s.
 Introducing TeeDee is the third studio album by Namibian kwaito musician and producer The Dogg. It was released by Mshasho Productions in May 2006 and was the first to be managed by KOOL Productions. The album introduced his alias TeeDee to his fans. This album is a replacing recording for his bootlegged album Mshasho Mos! which was supposed to be released in December 2005. Introducing TeeDee include revised songs which were intended to be released on the bootleg album.
 40 Greatest Hits is a two-record compilation that true to the title contains forty hit singles from country music icon Hank Williams. It was released in 1978 by Mercury Records — who under PolyGram became responsible for the MGM tape vault — on the 25th year anniversary of Williams' death.
 Bow Down is the debut album by American West coast hip hop/gangsta rap supergroup Westside Connection released on October 22 1996 through Ice Cube's Lench Mob/Priority Records. It featured production from Bud'da QDIII and Ice Cube among other producers.The album peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 on November 9 1996 shipping 145000 units. It went on to sell 1.7 million copies certifying it platinum by RIAA on October 1 1997.
 Dare (released as Dare! in the U.S.) is the third studio album from British synthpop band The Human League. The album was recorded between March and September 1981 and first released in the UK on 16 October 1981 then subsequently in the U.S.
 Talk Is Cheap is the solo album debut by Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones released in 1988. Recorded and released following a brief creative and personal fallout with Mick Jagger Talk Is Cheap received glowing reviews upon its release.[citation needed]Relations between Jagger and Richards had grown tense over the course of the 1980s as they began to differ on the musical direction of their famous band; You Don't Move Me would be written about their feud.
 The Dissection and Reconstruction of Music From the Past as Performed By the Inmates of Lalo Schifrin's Demented Ensemble as a Tribute to the Memory of the Marquis De Sade is a 1966 studio album by Lalo Schifrin.
 Interview with a Killa is the fourth album released by rapper Ganksta N-I-P. It was released on June 30 1998 through Rap-a-Lot Records and featured production from Mike Dean James Prince J.B. Red Boy and Lakewood. The album peaked at #57 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #34 on the Top Heatseekers. This would mark Ganksta N-I-P's final album with Rap-a-Lot Records. The album sold 19515 units up to the year 2005
 Tribute to the American Duck is the seventh album by bluegrass group The Dillards. Released only a year after Roots and Branches Tribute features the same lineup and a similar sound. Billy Ray Latham's electric guitar features on Caney Creek and folk rock influences are evident in the song writing and cover choice.
 The Columbia Years 1943–1952: The V-Discs is a 1994 compilation album by the American singer Frank Sinatra. It was released as a long box box set in 1994 and re-released in a jewel box size in 1998.The two-CD set contains recordings from V-Discs that were sent to troops during World War II.
 The Muffs is the debut album by the pop punk band The Muffs released on May 11 1993 on Warner Bros. Records. The album contains the single Big Mouth. Everywhere I Go was later used in a popular Fruitopia television commercial (the cassette version of the track is actually the demo; the band was torn between which version to release and ended up splitting the difference).
 Born in Babylon is the third full-length studio album by Soldiers of Jah Army (SOJA). It was released August 25 2009 exclusively on iTunes. Physical copies can also be bought at concerts where the band uses a Pay What You Want pricing model.
 Del Rio TX 1959 is the debut album of American country music artist Radney Foster. It was released in 1992 (see 1992 in country music) on the Arista Nashville label and it produced five singles for Foster on the Billboard country charts: Just Call Me Lonesome Nobody Wins Easier Said Than Done Hammer and Nails and Closing Time.
 Now That's What I Call the 00s is a special edition of the (UK) Now! series released on 15 February 2010. The three-CD set has 60 hits from the 2000s.It was released shortly after the 2000s finished. It was also released shortly after Now That's What I Call the 90s.
 Cosmic Chicken is an album by Jack DeJohnette featuring Alex Foster John Abercrombie and Peter Warren recorded in 1975 and released on the Prestige label.
 Ocean is a solo album by German composer and multi-instrumentalist Stephan Micus recorded in 1986 and released on the ECM label.
 Rump Shaker is the second album of the third-wave ska band Suburban Legends. It was released June 28 2003 in Los Angeles California by Lobster Girl Records. The album initially sold 15000 copies and was subsequently released on Brand New Hero Records in the UK. Rump Shaker was the last Suburban Legends album to feature trombonist Dallas Cook who died in a hit-and-run motorcycle accident on October 19 2005.
 Postcards from a Young Man is the tenth studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers. It was released on 20 September 2010. The album was intended as one last shot at mass communication. Postcards from a Young Man reached the number 3 spot on the UK charts. The Manics began recording the album (provisionally titled It's Not War - Just the End of Love) in October 2009 at their Faster Studio in Cardiff.
 Deception was to be the last album released by the British new wave band The Colourfield. During the recording of the album Karl Shale left during the sessions. Terry has since voiced his displeasure with the recording of the album because he did not feel he had the control of the session musicians and producers the way he needed to preserve The Colourfield’s sound.
 Parallel Uni-Verses is a collaboration between Hieroglyphics leader Del The Funky Homosapien and Artifacts member Tame One. The album was produced entirely by Parallel Thought. The album is seen as a look back at the roots of Hip Hop and the comparisons between then and the current age of Hip Hop.
 The Island of Dr. Trombone is a 2000 jazz album by trombonist Harry Watters. Regarding the tropical feel of the album Watters said that “recording the disc was a therapeutic way of getting through the harshest weeks of sub-freezing temperatures.” The album features several of Watters’ own compositions as well as those by other artists.
 Live in Germany 1983 is a live album. It is a recording of British rock band Atomic Rooster on 1 February 1983 at the Zeche Club in Bochum Germany.Former Atomic Rooster guitarist Bernie Tormé released the album the contents of an old but still-playable cassette tape of Jeannie Crane's via his RetroWrek Records label in 2000. The tape was recorded via a single microphone in the audience.No known live soundboard recordings of the 1983 (Crane/Hammond/Tormé) lineup of Atomic Rooster exist.
 Wizard Island is the fourth album by Keyboardist Jeff Lorber as leader of his band The Jeff Lorber Fusion.
 Keystone Companions: The Complete 1973 Fantasy Recordings is a four-CD album by Merl Saunders and Jerry Garcia. It was recorded live at the Keystone in Berkeley California on July 10 and 11 1973 and released by Fantasy Records on September 25 2012.From February 1971 to July 1975 Merl Saunders and Jerry Garcia played many live shows together when the Grateful Dead were not on tour.
 A Glint of Silver is an album by Silly Wizard released in 1986 on the Green Linnet Records label. This is final studio album recorded by the band.
 Goldenheart is the second studio album by American recording artist Dawn Richard released on January 15 2013 by Our Dawn Entertainment. After her group Diddy – Dirty Money disbanded in 2012 Richard continued to develop her musical identity and worked with creative partner and manager Andrew Druski Scott who co-wrote Goldenheart with her.
 Roman Nights is a 2010 album by jazz trumpeter composer and arranger Tom Harrell. It is the third release with Harrell's current quintet of over five years which includes Wayne Escoffery Danny Grissett Ugonna Okegwo and Johnathan Blake. The album contains nine original compositions by Harrell.
 Luminous Groove is a 2008 compilation box set of the records Fegmania! (March 1985) Gotta Let This Hen Out (October 1985) and Element of Light (1986) by Robyn Hitchcock and the Egyptians. The versions included are the extended CD reissues from YepRoc. The set also includes 2 discs of B-sides and rarities called Bad Case of History.
 Murder Was the Case is the fifth studio album by rapper Gucci Mane released on May 5 2009. The album debuted at #23 on the Billboard 200 making it Gucci Mane's third highest charting album to date.Two singles were released off the album. The first single from the album is Stoopid which peaked at #66 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. The second was Runnin' Back. Both singles had the following versions of the songs: main clean instrumental dirty and clean a cappellas.
 Hard to Believe: A Kiss Covers Compilation is a Kiss tribute album with all of the tracks performed by (at the time) underground independent punk bands of the late 1980s. The two bands featured on this album that would continue on to greater success are Nirvana and Melvins though Doug Martsch of Treepeople would go on to found Built To Spill. This is one of two Nirvana recordings with Jason Everman on guitar.
 Living Without Your Love is the eleventh studio album recorded by singer Dusty Springfield and tenth released.
 Give Us Rest; or A Requiem Mass in C (the Happiest of All Keys) is the sixth and final studio album and their eleventh overall album release from the David Crowder Band. This album was released on January 10 2012 through sixstepsrecords. The album charted at the following during the week of January 28 2012: No. 1 on the Billboard Christian Albums chart No. 2 on both the Billboard 200 and Digital Albums charts. The first single to come from the album is Let Me Feel You Shine.
 Cheap Drunk: An Autobiography is a stand up comedy album by Bill Engvall. It was released in 2002 via Warner Bros. Records.
 Souvlaki is the second studio album by the English dream pop/shoegazing band Slowdive. It was released on 17 May 1993 in the UK and on 8 February 1994 in the US. Widely regarded as the band's best album it includes synthesizer contributions from co-producer Brian Eno on Sing and Here She Comes.
 The New Age of Atlantic released in 1972 was the third in a series of rock music samplers released by the Atlantic label in the UK. The collection is notable for its inclusion of two tracks those by Yes and Led Zeppelin unavailable elsewhere at the time. It reached no. 25 on the UK album charts in 1972.
 Before Their Eyes is the first studio album by Before Their Eyes released in 2007 under the label Rise Records. The cover design is an original artwork by Derek Hess.
 Hooverdam is an album by Hugh Cornwell released in 2008 initially as a free digital download with a compact disc and vinyl version released later. A short movie entitled Blueprint chronicling the recording of the album had a limited release in cinemas in the UK and was released on a DVD which came with the CD. Some tracks like Philip K.
 Grand Magus is the debut full-length album by Swedish heavy metal band Grand Magus. The album was released in November 2001 in Europe and in the United States. In 2006 the album was re-released with two bonus tracks.
 The Nubians of Plutonia is an album recorded by Sun Ra and his Myth Science Arkestra c.1958 - 1959 and released c.1966 on his own Saturn label. Originally released in a blank sleeve under the title Lady With The Stockings the album had gained its current title and sleeve by Richard Pedreguera by 1969. In common with most releases by Sun Ra at the time the record was printed in extremely limited numbers and primarily available at concerts and mail-order.
 Jazz a Confronto 19 is a solo album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in Rome Italy on April 1 1972 and released on the Horo label as part of the Jazz a Confronto series.
 Viaggio in Italia is the sixteenth studio album by the Italian singer-songwriter Alice released in 2003 by NUN Entertainment.[citation needed]Viaggio in Italia started as a tour project in 2001 called Le parole del giorno prima (The Words of The Day Before) an hommage to some of Italy's foremost cantautori singer-songwriters and lyricists among them Ivano Fossati Fabrizio De André Francesco De Gregori Pier Paolo Pasolini Lucio Battisti Franco Battiato Manlio Sgalambro and Giorgio Gaber mainly covering material from the 1970s and the early 1980s but interpreted with contemporary musical arrangements and an emphasis on the lyrical values of the songs. 
 ¡¡Que Corra La Voz!! is the fifth studio album by the Spanish ska punk band Ska-P released in 2002.The album cover depicts Gato López with a megaphone and a medallion with the Anarchy symbol bursting through the front page of a newspaper. The album title can be loosely translated as Spread the word!
 Wild Energy is the tite of Ruslana's second international English album released in Canada on 2 September and in Europe on 10 October 2008. Recorded at the legendary Hit Factory Criteria Studios in Miami and produced by Ego Works the album maintains Ruslana’s unique musical components blended with modern urban influences.
 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial is an audiobook and soundtrack album for the 1982 blockbuster film of the same name directed by Steven Spielberg. Narrated by American recording artist Michael Jackson the album was produced by composer Quincy Jones and distributed by MCA Records. The production of the audiobook brought Jackson together with several former collaborators such as Rod Temperton Freddy DeMann and Bruce Swedien.The E.T.
 Live'r Than You'll Ever Be is a bootleg recording of The Rolling Stones' concert in Oakland California from 9 November 1969. It was one of the first live rock music bootlegs and was made notorious as a document of their 1969 tour of the United States. The popularity of the bootleg forced the Stones' label Decca Records to release the live album Get Yer Ya-Yas Out! The Rolling Stones in Concert in 1970.
 Anthology 2 is a compilation album by The Beatles released by Apple Records in March 1996. It is the second of the three-volume Anthology collection all of which tie-in with the televised special The Beatles Anthology. The opening track is Real Love the second of the two recordings that reunited the Beatles by means of magnetic tape. Like its predecessor the album topped the Billboard 200 album chart and has been certified 4× Platinum by the RIAA.
 Somersault is Swedish Indie Pop band Eggstone's second album which was first released in Sweden in March 1994. A US release appeared later that year on BMG label Critique Records. The song The Dog was issued as a promotional single and became a hit on various college radio stations.[citation needed] The album was re-issued on vinyl in 1997 by Vibrafon Records.
 Holy Ghost Building is a 2008 album by the Sacramento-based rock band The 77s.
 1000 Grams Vol. 1 is a mixtape by rap artist Young Jeezy hosted by DJ Scream. It was released on August 12 2010.
 Watershed is the debut solo album by Grant McLennan founding member of The Go-Betweens released under the name G. W. McLennan. The album was recorded nine months after The Go-Betweens called it quits and was released in 1991. It featured contributions by singer-songwriters Paul Kelly and Dave Dobbyn ex-Go-Between Amanda Brown (who was now half of Cleopatra Wong with Lindy Morrison) and Phil Kakulas of Blackeyed Susans. Despite this stellar line-up the album received disappointing sales.
 Someday is Crystal Gayle's first gospel album.
 Menace to Sobriety is the second album by Ugly Kid Joe. It was released in 1995 (see 1995 in music). The album title is an obvious allusion to the movie Menace II Society. It received favourable reviews & reached number 2 on the UK's rock album charts on the first week of its release. Milkman's Son and Tomorrow's World were released as singles. Music videos were released for Tomorrow's World Milkman's Son and Cloudy Skies.
 Small Feces is a 2-part compilation album by the Norwegian band Turbonegro released in 2005 on Bitzcore Records. It features 42 songs and documents the first steps from the beginning in 1989 until the Ass Cobra times ca. 1997. It contains a lot of unreleased/unheard material 7s compilation tracks and other gems. Most of the songs have never been available on CD format before are re-mixed and re-mastered.The first edition was released in April 2005 limited to 1000 copies.
 New Ways But Love Stays is a 1970 album by the Jean Terrell-led version of The Supremes. Building on the foundation of the group's first LP Right On New Ways was produced by Frank Wilson and features The Supremes' most successful single with Terrell Stoned Love. The Sly & the Family Stone-inspired plea for peace and love was written by Wilson and a Detroit teenager named Kenny Thomas.
 Crystal Gayle is the eponymous debut album by Crystal Gayle although she had previously recorded material which was not released until later. The album peaked at #25 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and included three charting Hot Country Singles: Wrong Road Again at #6 Beyond You at #27 and This Is My Year For Mexico at #21. Also included is her first rendition of When I Dream which would become a big hit three years later on the release of her 1978 album When I Dream.
 Power of the Damager is the seventh studio album by the heavy metal band Prong. It was released through 13th Planet Records on October 2 2007. The album peaked at #47 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart.
 Organisation is the second album by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (OMD) released in 1980. Enola Gay was the only single taken from the record. Malcolm Holmes had played drums with OMD before notably on Julia's Song which was featured on the band's debut album and for Organisation he was recruited as a full-time member replacing the TEAC tape recorder affectionately named Winston.
 Strangely Beautiful is the fifth studio album by Swedish band Club 8.
 Cup of Tea is an album by Irish traditional band Sláinte which renamed itself Mooncoyne in 2007. Released in 2000 Cup of Tea is a mixture of tunes and songs from Mooncoyne's repertoire.
 An Offer You Can't Refuse is the debut full-length album released by A Change of Pace on March 22 2005. The album was recorded while the members of the band were still in high school. There was only one single released from this album Loose Lips Sink Ships. A few of the tracks that appear on the record are re-recorded versions of songs from the Change Is the Only Constant EP.
 The Beacon Street Collection is the second studio album by American rock band No Doubt released in March 1995. It was released independently by the band under their own record label Beacon Street Records.
 Three Little Pigs – The Remixes is the third EP released by comic heavy metal group Green Jellÿ in 1993.
 The One is a 2007 album by Shinichi Osawa and the first studio album released under his real name. The album is a major departure for Osawa; mainly electro house based it also touches on fidget glitch and more traditional house as well as rock. Many tracks make use of digitized live instruments; usually guitar and bass but extending to koto in the final track.It features collaborations with Au Revoir Simone Princess Superstar Ania Chorabik Nelson Freeform Five and others.
 If You Ain't Got a Weapon... is a double compilation CD by U.K Britrock band 3 Colours Red covering their period with independent label Creation Records. The first disc features the band's singles plus two live tracks while the second consists of B-sides. Both discs were compiled by frontman/bassist Pete Vuckovic. He also contributes handwritten sleevenotes.
 Back at the Chicken Shack is an album by Jimmy Smith. It was recorded in 1960 and released in 1963 on the Blue Note label. It was cited in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
 Gold Watch and Chain: Their Complete Victor Recordings (1933–1934) is a compilation of recordings made by American country music group the Carter Family released in 1998. It is the seventh of nine compilations released by Rounder Records of the group's Victor recordings.
 Erika Szobája is a solo album by Hungarian Avant-garde musician Tamás Kátai from 2005. The album was re-released as a digipak in 2006 by the Italian record label Ars Benevola Mater. The title means Erika's Room in English.
 Buika is the 2005 debut album of Spanish singer Concha Buika. It fuses jazz traditional Spanish music electronica funk and several other elements.[citation needed]
 400 Degreez is the third studio album by New Orleans-based rapper Juvenile released November 3 1998 on Cash Money Records. The album received rave reviews and introduced Juvenile to mainstream hip hop listeners selling over four million copies in the United States. It remains Juvenile's best-selling album of his solo career and the best-selling album ever released on Cash Money Records.
 Head of the Pack is the debut album by Canadian heavy metal band Skull Fist. The album was recorded in 2011 at Phase one Studios/Lenz Entertainment and released on 4 August 2011 by NoiseArt Records and distributed online by Nuclear Blast. distributed by Napalm Records In North America and released by Spiritual Beast Records in parts of Asia. The album received great reviews around the globe[citation needed] which led the band to be named best upcoming band in Terrorizer in early 2012.
 Destroy the Machines is the debut full-length album released by the American metalcore band Earth Crisis it was released in 1995. The song Forced March was covered by the band Between the Buried and Me in their 2006 album The Anatomy Of.
 Bir (One in Turkish) is an album released by Hepsi in Turkey in April 2005. To date the Album has sold over 149000 copies. It is ranked number 19 among the best-selling albums of 2005 in Turkey. Music videos have been produced for Olmaz Oğlan Debut Single Yalan Herşeye Rağmen and Üç Kalp.
 Country Girl is a compilation of some of the most popular country hits by Olivia Newton-John. Released in 1998 the album is composed primarily of recordings made in the 1970s.
 Qntal III is the third album of the German Darkwave/Gothic Rock/Industrial band Qntal released in 2003. It is a concept album based on the medieval narratived Tristan and Iseult. Many tracks feature original lyrics by poets of that period.
 Release Date is the 11th studio album by the Finnish avant-garde progressive metal band Waltari.The track Spokebone is a collaboration between Waltari Tomi Joutsen of Amorphis and the Finnish folk group Värttinä.
 Good Side Bad Side is the 11th album by rapper Master P released on March 23 2004. It marked Master P's return to his independent roots. After the New No Limit's deal with Universal Records expired a year earlier P signed his company to a partnership with independent kingpin's Koch Records. Good Side Bad Sid was a huge success.
 Unwrapped: Remixes was a Bonus CD/EP that was available with purchase of the Live & Unwrapped DVD during Pay Per View broadcasts and purchases of the DVD at shows during the Live & Re-Wrapped Tour in the Summer 2004.This album contained a set of remixes from Gloria's last album Unwrapped the album was not released for commercial purposes was a bonus CD/EP to the sales of the live gig in Las Vegas.
 Lemmings / Going Nowhere is a split extended play (EP) by American rock bands Blink-182 and Swindle released in 1996 by Cargo Music and Grilled Cheese. The 7 includes an early demo of Lemmings by Blink-182 (later featured on the band's second studio album Dude Ranch).
 After the Snow is Modern English's second album released in 1982 on 4AD Records in the United Kingdom Vertigo Records in Canada and Sire Records in the United States. It featured the original recording of the now classic tune I Melt with You which the band would later re-record in 1990 for their album Pillow Lips. The song After The Snow has 2 speed fluctuations on the original LP which may or may not be intentional.
 Electric Dreams is the debut album of dance trio group Slinkee Minx which was released on 28 July 2007. It is a two-disc album with 23 songs. All four of their singles are featured on the album including Summer Rain Closer Someday and Way of Life.
 Fiona is the self-titled first studio album by singer Fiona released in 1985 through Atlantic Records and reissued in 2004 through Wounded Bird Records. It reached #71 on that year's Billboard 200 chart and remained charted for a week whilst its lone single Talk to Me reached #12 and #64 on Billboard's Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks and Hot 100 charts respectively.
 The Loudest Engine is the third studio album of London-based Australian indie rock band Howling Bells. The album was released through Cooking Vinyl on 9 September 2011 to mostly positive reviews. It was produced by Mark Stoermer and recorded at Battle Born Studios in Las Vegas from September to October 2010.Howling Bells began writing for The Loudest Engine more than two years preceding its release while they supported Coldplay on the Viva la Vida Tour.
 Ten Million Moons is the second album from the kirtan band Gaura Vani & As Kindred Spirits released on May 19 2009. It was the first album released by Mantralogy Equal Vision Records' new krishna-conscious sub-label.It features eleven tracks in several different languages that bring kirtan chants and melodies to the mainstream. As told from their site it transforms your heart and fills you with visions of a divine world.
 Anthems is the debut studio album by actress and singer Kerry Ellis which was released on 13 September 2010 by Decca Records. Produced by rock musician Brian May the album comprises eleven tracks that tap into all the different areas that Ellis had been part of in her professional career between the years 2000 and 2010.
 Periscope is the third studio album by the stoner rock/psychedelic rock band Colour Haze released in 1999. Periscope was re-released in 2005 on the label Elektrohasch which featured the bonus track Transmitter not previously included on the 1999 version.
 Pistolbuttsa'twinkle is the debut album by Australian rock band Tlot Tlot. The album was released in 1992.
 I Am is the second studio album by singer-songwriter Scout Niblett released on Secretly Canadian records. The album was produced by Steve Albini.
 Obscura is the third album by Gorguts. It is recognized as one of metal's most technical and complex albums consisting of many experimental and dissonant melodies and strange rhythms.War on Music reissued the album on vinyl in April 2012.
 The Shadow Line is the sixth studio album by the industrial rock band Godhead released on August 29 2006.In 2005 frontman Jason C. Miller invited James O'Connor to return as the band's drummer to which he accepted. Following the completion of The Shadow Line however O'Connor departed from the group for a second time.Trapped In Your Lies served as the album's lead-single. It was followed by Push and Hey You.
 Gold and Green is the first Christmas album from country music duo Sugarland. The album was released on October 13 2009 via Mercury Records Nashville. It features five original songs penned by group members Jennifer Nettles and Kristian Bush and five traditional holiday songs that were also previously included as part of a Wal-Mart-exclusive re-release of the duo's 2006 album Enjoy the Ride.
 Extension is the third album by American saxophonist George Braith recorded in 1964 and released on the Blue Note label.
 I Love to Polka is an album by Jimmy Sturr and His Orchestra released through Rounder Records in 1995. In 1996 the album won Sturr the Grammy Award for Best Polka Album.
 Christmas Gift is the first EP by English recording artist Alexandra Burke. The extended play was released on 23 December 2012 and was released for Christmas Day. Burke gave the EP as a free download to her fans for Christmas. The EP only consists of two tracks. The EP contains a version Silent Night which was hugely popular with Burke's fans as she performed this on the final of The X Factor when she was a contestant.
 In the Land of Hi-Fi was a Patti Page album issued by Mercury Records on its EmArcy label. The catalog number of the monaural version first released in 1956 was MG-36074 and of the stereophonic version released in 1958 it was SR-80000. It was later reissued as Mercury MG-20516 (mono) and SR-60192 (stereo) titled Patti Page With The Pete Rugolo All Stars.
 Released 2005/09/28 Iroha is the debut album from j-Rock band Chirinuruwowaka TOCT-25739 ¥3059 (tax included)
 Shongram (Bengali: সংগ্রাম) is the soundtrack album to the 2014 film of the same name written and directed by Munsur Ali. The album is the first soundtrack and third studio album by Boston-based Bangladeshi singer-songwriter and composer Armeen Musa.
 Best of Blue is the first greatest hits compilation album released by English boy band Blue. The album was released in the United Kingdom on 15 November 2004 by Innocent Records. It was due to be supported by a European tour of the same name but this was cancelled in February 2005.
 Sweet Weaponry is the first studio album by the pop punk band Cruiserweight.To Be Quite Honest is featured on the video game 'Saints Row' on the radio station The Rock FM 94.8
 American Pride is the eleventh studio album by the country music band Alabama. It was released in 1992 on RCA Records Nashville. This album included the singles I'm in a Hurry (And Don't Know Why) Take a Little Trip Hometown Honeymoon and Once Upon a Lifetime. I'm in a Hurry was a Number One hit for the band while the other singles all reached the Top Five on the U.S. country charts.
 Arise: The Worship Legacy of Don Moen is a Contemporary Christian EP of Worship music by Don Moen. The EP was released exclusively through online digital music stores such as iTunes and Amazon.com on September 26 2006 by Integrity Hosanna! Music Columbia and Sony. It contains two songs from Thank You Lord and two songs from Hiding Place.
 Electronic Warfare is a classic Underground Resistance release which defined further developments and experiments in electro sound. It was released in double 12 format in 1996 under the catalog number #033.
 Burningn'n Tree is a compilation album by Squarepusher. It compiles two early EPs namely Conumber E:P and Alroy Road Tracks the latter having been released under his other pseudonym Duke of Harringay on his independent label Spymania. Burningn'n Tree also contains three previously unreleased compositions by Squarepusher. The album is a fusion of high speed breaks and jazz.
 La Pistola y El Corazón is the seventh (mini-)album by the Chicano rock group Los Lobos. The mini-album is dedicated to Tejano/Mariachi folk music.
 The Best of Crash Test Dummies is a 2007 compilation album by the Crash Test Dummies. It is released by Sony BMG and it includes songs from both the band's BMG and independent releases. It was released on October 1 2007 (2007-10-01) and re-released on March 10 2008 with the inclusion of two previously unreleased tracks. The re-release carries a slightly different title of Best Of Crash Test Dummies - Collections.
 The Best of Lari White is a compilation album released in 1997 by American country music artist Lari White. It is composed mainly of tracks from her first three albums for RCA: Lead Me Not (1993) Wishes (1994) and Don't Fence Me In (1996). The tracks Amazing Grace and Helping Me Get over You (a duet with Travis Tritt) were previously unreleased on any of White's albums although Helping Me Get Over You was included on Tritt's 1996 album The Restless Kind.
 Campfire Songs is the third album by Baltimore based band Animal Collective here operating under an eponymous alias.[1] It was released in March 2003.
 La Prosperidad is the fourth studio album released by Rock en Español band Fiel a la Vega. It was released independently in 2002.Lead guitarist Ricky Laureano is again featured in a more prominent role writing four songs and co-writing another 3 with singer Tito Auger. Laureano sings lead vocals on all of his four songs.
 Pasajero (Traveler) is the twelfth studio album from the band Gipsy Kings. It was originally released on October 3 2006 internationally and released in the United States on January 23 2007. Both versions are identical.This album signifies a continuation of their famous Rumba Flamenca style as well as some experimentation with South American sounds such as the use of a Peruvian charango -- most notably in the song Café.
 Fifty-Five Vault is a Ben Folds compilation album featuring 56 tracks mostly unreleased live recordings and demos. It was released jointly with The Best Imitation of Myself: A Retrospective as a digital-only album available via Folds' website.
 Steppin' is the third studio album by the Pointer Sisters released in 1975 on the ABC/Blue Thumb label.
 Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits compilation released by American country music artist Neal McCoy released in 1997 on Atlantic Records. The album comprises ten songs nine of which were previously included on his second through fifth studio albums. The Shake was newly recorded for this compilation and was later reprised on the following album 1997's Be Good at It.
 Encuentro is an album recorded in Argentina in 1968 by Paul Gonsalves.
 Workin' on a Groovy Thing is a 1969 in-studio album containing the works of American pop singer Neil Sedaka. The album was recorded while Sedaka was touring Australia in late 1969; he recorded it on a one-off basis for the Sydney-based label; by that time his career had slumped and his contract had not been renewed by his former label in the USA. It was recorded in the studios of Festival Records in Sydney Australia in 1969 and released on the Festival label.
 iTunes Live from Montreal is a digital download-only album from Good Charlotte released exclusively in Canada on iTunes on September 29 2009. The show was recorded at Good Charlotte's solo in-store acoustic performance at the Apple Store in Montréal Canada on August 14 2008. Even though it is considered a Good Charlotte album only Benji and Joel Madden actually perform the songs.
 Piñata is the collaborative studio album by Indiana rapper Freddie Gibbs and California hip hop musician Madlib. The album was released on March 18 2014 under Madlib Invazion. Entirely produced by Madlib the 17-track LP features contributions from Raekwon Earl Sweatshirt Danny Brown Domo Genesis Scarface BJ the Chicago Kid Ab-Soul Casey Veggies Meechy Darko Mac Miller and more.
 Dey Scared of Me is the second album by New Orleans based rapper Tre-8 and his first since leaving No Limit Records. It was released on Smoke 1 Records. The album was not a success and failed to chart.
 RainawayTown was released by Kristofer Åström together with The Rainaways in 2007 on Startracks.
 Big Love is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Tracy Byrd. The album was released in 1996 on MCA Records and contains four singles: the title track a cover of Johnny Paycheck's (Don't Take Her) She's All I Got Don't Love Make a Diamond Shine and Good Ol' Fashioned Love.
 Not Penis Cream is the first EP release by the band I Voted for Kodos. It was released after their first album Close Enough For Ska and features the same style of ska punk. The name Not Penis Cream (and also a song on the EP) was inspired by a Saturday Night Live skit from 1994.
 I Shall Exterminate Everything Around Me That Restricts Me from Being the Master is the fourth album by the Detroit rock band Electric Six.Music videos were made for the tracks Down at McDonnelzzz and Randy's Hot Tonight!.
 Poetry for the Beat Generation is the debut album of American novelist and poet Jack Kerouac and was originally released in 1959.
 A Factory Sample is a 7-inch double sampler EP released on 24 December 1978 by Factory Records of Manchester England. It was the first vinyl recording to be released by the label (FAC 1 was a concert at The Factory).
 Songs in the Key of Kids is the 12th album by popular children's entertainers Sharon Lois & Bram originally released in 1993. This album is a compilation album containing songs from their original records. It was also the first new release under Drive Entertainment. It is available only on cassette (Elephant Records/Drive Entertainment).
 Peeping Tom it is the first album by German eurodance/trance project S.E.X. Appeal. The album was released 1999 and spawned four singles which fourth single Fragile love has been released as a remix seven years later and appeared on their second album Sensuality.
 Word of Mouf is the third studio album by American rapper Ludacris. It was released on November 27 2001 by Def Jam South.
 A Genuine Rosmini is the second album by American folk guitarist Dick Rosmini released in 1969. It is out of print but in circulation as a second-hand LP.Rosmini is best known for his role in the American folk revival of the 1960s as a session player and accompanist. A Genuine Rosmini was Rosmini's second and last solo album.
 Lady in Autumn: The Best of The Verve Years is a compilation album by the singer Billie Holiday.
 Genesis is the fifth studio album by Busta Rhymes. Shut 'Em Down 2002 is an unorthodox remix of Public Enemy's Shut 'Em Down by Pete Rock. Make It Hurt is featured in the 2004 video game Def Jam: Fight for NY. The biggest single from the album Pass the Courvoisier peaked at number eleven on the Billboard Hot 100. It was included at the end of the album on some later pressings (on which Ass On Your Shoulders was removed due to playing time restrictions).
 The Last Time is a studio album by Australian singer John Farnham. The album was released in Australia on 7 October 2002 and reached #1 in the ARIA charts with triple platinum status. The album featured three singles  including (No Ordinary World) (Keep Talking) and the title song (The Last Time) written by Mick Jagger And Keith Richards of The Rolling Stones.
 Gong Lake is a studio album by the American noise band Neptune released in 2008 by Radium Records.
 Live from the Royal Albert Hall is the fourth live album by American blues rock musician Joe Bonamassa. Recorded on May 4 2009 at the Royal Albert Hall in London England it was released on September 22 2009 by J&R Adventures.
 Gap Band VI is an album by The Gap Band released in 1984 on Total Experience Records. It was originally intended to be lead singer Charlie Wilson's first solo album and the first Gap Band album released under Total Experience's new distribution deal with RCA Records. In October 29 2012 the remastered and expanded album including 5 bonus tracks was released by Big Break Records.
 iTunes Live: London Festival '09 is a six-song EP by alternative rock band Snow Patrol released digitally on 9 July 2009 on the iTunes Store. The songs were taken from the band's set at The Roundhouse in London as part of the iTunes Festival 2009.
 Just a Song About Ping Pong is the third EP/single released by the Australian band Operator Please from their debut album Yes Yes Vindictive. It had existed before its official release in a different version which was originally included on Operator Please's first release On the Prowl which was released in 2006. The earlier version has a less-polished sound (due to not being professionally recorded) and is slightly slower.
 Screwed Up Click Representa is the fourth solo album by rapper Z-Ro.
 Stickin' to My Guns is the eighteenth studio album by Etta James released in 1990.
 Wall of Hits was a compilation album by the British glam/hardrock group Slade. It was released 11 November 1991 and reached number 34 in the UK charts. It also included the last two singles recorded by the original line-up. The first of these Radio Wall of Sound was a hit reaching No. 21 in the UK while the second Universe failed to chart.Noddy Holder became weary of constant touring (and effectively managing the band) and left the band in 1992 after 25 years.
 Mass Romantic is the debut album by Canadian indie rock band The New Pornographers. Produced by David Carswell and band bassist John Collins it was released on Mint Records in 2000. The album was three years in the making with musicians A.C. Newman and Dan Bejar writing songs as early as 1998.
 Desolation Boulevard is the third album by Sweet and their second released in 1974. It contains the original variant of one of the band's best known songs Fox on the Run. (The U.S. version also includes the smash The Ballroom Blitz.) Most of the songs from the US version have been covered by different bands. For example AC/DC was covered by Joan Jett in 2006 and by Vince Neil in 2010.
 Hell Comes To Your Heart is an album released in 2012 by Mondo Generator on Nick Oliveri's vanity label Mondo Media and distributed worldwide through Cobraside Distribution. It was recorded in 3 days at Josh Homme's Pink Duck Studios in Burbank California by Justin Smith. This album marks the first time that Nick Oliveri and his previous bandmate Josh Homme have recorded music together since their well-publicized falling out in early 2004.
 A New Astronomy is the fourth album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle released in 2006 by Sub Pop Records and A Silent Place.
 A Fading Summer is an EP from The Clientele. The EP was first issued in 2000 on March Records; it was re-issued in 2003 on Merge Records.
 Random Thoughts is an album by American jazz pianist Don Pullen recorded in 1990 for the Blue Note label.
 Cool to Be You is the sixth studio album by the punk rock band the Descendents released in 2004 through Fat Wreck Chords. It was their first album of new studio material since 1996's Everything Sucks which had been released through Epitaph Records.
 Solo Flight is the second album by former Wings guitarist Laurence Juber released in 1990.
 Cat Scratch Fever (1977) is the third studio album by American guitarist and singer-songwriter Ted Nugent and his band as well as the name of the album's title song. Vocalist Derek St. Holmes who had left the band during the recording of the album Free-for-All had come back for touring in 1976 and was again the lead singer on this album.A commercial success the album has been certified multi-platinum by the RIAA. Nugent released his next album Double Live Gonzo! the following year.
 Dave's Picks Volume 7 is a three-CD live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead. It contains the complete concert from April 24 1978 at the Horton Field House Illinois State University in Normal Illinois. It was produced as a limited edition of 13000 numbered copies and was released on August 1 2013.
 United by Fate is the first LP released by post-hardcore band Rival Schools. The album was produced by Grammy Award-winning producer Luke Ebbin. Used for Glue saw release as a single in 2001.
 From the Bottom 2 the Top is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Coolio. It was released on July 2 2009 by Subside Records. The following songs Boyfriend Cruis Off Motivation were taken from Coolio's previous album Steal Hear which was released in 2008.
 Songs of Love and Hate is industrial metal band Godflesh's fourth album. It was released on 20 August 1996 on Earache Records. This album shows a slight change in Godflesh's sound through the incorporation of EBM rhythms with the band's trademark guitar riffs.
 Universal Syncopations is an album by Czech bassist Miroslav Vitous recorded in 2003 and released on the ECM label.
 I'm a Lonesome Fugitive is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard released in 1967.
 Um Pouco Mais is the debut studio album by the Portuguese pop singer Susana Félix. It was recorded in 1999 and released in that same year. The lead single of the album was Mais Olhos (Que Barriga) followed by Um Lugar Encantado.
 Mellow is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1975 and released on the Muse label.
 Domination is the so far last album by Swedish power metal band Morifade. It was released in 2004.
 Happy to You is the second studio album by Swedish indie pop band Miike Snow. It was released in the United States on 13 March 2012 by Downtown Records and Universal Republic Records and in the United Kingdom on 19 March 2012 by Columbia Records.
 Fiends is the third album from the post-hardcore band Chasing Victory released only months before the band officially broke up. This album is a change of style for the band. While their debut and EP had a solid post-hardcore sound similar to that of Glassjaw and Thursday the sound for this album was changed. The band experimented with Southern rock post-grunge and even rock and roll while still retaining their post-hardcore roots.
 Sick and Twisted Affair is the second album from Canadian rock band My Darkest Days. The album was released on March 26 2012. It debuted at number 29 on the Billboard 200 and number 9 on the Billboard Rock Album charts.
 Penance Soiree is the second full-length album released by Los Angeles band The Icarus Line. It was one of 2004's most critically acclaimed releases and its reputation has subsequently earned praise in various publications including the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.Due to infighting with the band's U.S. division of their record label at the time V2 Records the album which was recorded in early 2003 was not released until May 2 2004.
 Never Say Never is an EP by American new wave band Romeo Void released in 1982. It was released on CD in 2006 by Wounded Bird Records as four bonus tracks to their reissue of Benefactor.
 Lunático is the third album by Gotan Project. It was released in 2006 by the Paris-based ¡Ya Basta! records run by Philippe Cohen Solal. The album is named Lunático after the racehorse of legendary tango master Carlos Gardel.The album features a collaboration with the American band Calexico recorded in Tucson Arizona and a cover of the Ry Cooder song Paris Texas.
 Loophole is the second album by Sketch Show.
 Ompa til du dør (Ompa until you die) is the debut album of Norwegian alternative rock group Kaizers Orchestra released on September 1 2001.
 Bloody Lunatic Asylum is the third studio album by the Italian gothic black metal band Theatres des Vampires. Track 11 is based on the Moonlight Sonata by Ludwig van Beethoven.
 All Blues is an album by bassist Ron Carter recorded at Rudy Van Gelder's Studio in New Jersey in 1973 and released on the CTI label.
 The Virgin Suicides is a score by French music duo Air for the film of the same name by Sofia Coppola. The album was released in February 2000. There was a separate soundtrack released which included music from Heart Gilbert O'Sullivan and Todd Rundgren. The album was nominated for Best Soundtrack at the 2001 BRIT Awards. The French edition of Rolling Stone magazine named this album the 49th greatest French rock album (out of 100).
 Crawdads Doodlebugs & Creasy Greens is an album by Doug Elliott.
 Bring Your Nothing is the eighth studio album by the Contemporary worship duo Shane & Shane. The album was released on May 14 2013 by Fair Trade Services record label.
 Songs for Survivors is a 2002 album by Graham Nash.
 To Bring You My Love is the third studio album by British musician and singer-songwriter PJ Harvey. It was released by Island Records in February 1995. Recorded after the break-up of the PJ Harvey trio it stands as her first proper solo album. The songs on the album are heavily influenced by American blues music.To produce the album Harvey chose Flood best known for his work with U2 Depeche Mode and Nine Inch Nails. Harvey co-produced the record with Flood and John Parish.
 The Infotainment Scan is an album by The Fall released in 1993 on Permanent Records in the UK and by Matador Records in the US. At the time of its release it was considered the band's most accessible album and came when the band were experiencing unprecedented recognition in the media.
 Kellylicious is one of Kelly Chen's Cantonese albums released on May 16 2008. It was distributed in Hong Kong Singapore and Malaysia.
 Highly Illogical is an album which contains a collection of songs performed by Star Trek actor Leonard Nimoy. Most of the songs were originally recorded in the 1960s. The collection includes The Ballad of Bilbo Baggins which tells the story of J.R.R. Tolkien's book The Hobbit and has been immortalized by being included on various novelty compilations over the years.
 The Secondman's Middle Stand was Mike Watt's third solo album and the first full-length recording that he had made under his own name since the release of Contemplating The Engine Room in 1997.The storyline for the nine-track album parallel's Watt's real-life January 2000 bout with a near-fatal infection in his perineum with one of his favorite pieces of literature Dante's The Divine Comedy.
 Fail on Cue is the 2008 release by Jimmie's Chicken Shack. The album contains the bands much-loved Fugazi cover song Waiting Room.
 Perspective is the second studio album by guitarist Jason Becker released independently on May 21 1996 through Jason Becker Music and reissued on May 22 2001 through Warner Bros. Records.Quote from Jason's site:Featuring Steve Perry Michael Lee Firkins Matt and Gregg Bissonette Steve Hunter members of Bobby McFerrin’s Voicestra and members of the San Francisco Girls Chorus. This is the first album in history released by a person affected by Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
 Body Language Live is the DVD recording of Kylie Minogue's promotional concert Money Can't Buy. Minogue performed tracks from her ninth studio album Body Language alongside her biggest hits. The DVD also contains the music videos of Slow Red Blooded Woman and Chocolate; a short documentary a multi-angle function a gallery with 2 screensavers 4 wallpapers and a weblink.
 End of Fashion is the debut album by Australian power pop band End of Fashion. It was released in Australia on 15 August 2005 reaching number 3 in the Australian ARIA Albums Chart and was certified gold.
 Goldfinger is the first album by ska punk band Goldfinger released in February 1996. The album was a hit on college radio. The sound of the album was compatible with the third wave of ska which was popular at the time.[citation needed] The single Here in Your Bedroom was a top 5 rock hit in the U.S. in the summer of 1996 and also reached #47 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay chart making it their highest charting single ever.
 Music Is the Message is the fourth album released by the funk band Kool & the Gang. The album was released in 1972 although the band's widespread recognition would not come until 1973's Wild and Peaceful.
 The Hungry Years is an album by Neil Sedaka the title of which is an eponymous track from the album. It was released by the The Rocket Record Company in 1975.The album is the American edition of Overnight Success with two songs being replaced.
 The Blistering Sun is Rachael Sage's seventh album released in 2006.
 Revelation Nausea is the third album by Swedish death metal band Vomitory. It was released in 2001 on Metal Blade.
 The Red Krayola is the sixth album by the experimental rock band Red Krayola released on September 20 1994 through Drag City.
 Cyberspace is the fourth album of the composer Eloy Fritsch. Nicely layered arrangements float serenely by. The emphasis is on orchestral-sounding synthesizers with soft atmospheric touches. “Lost Paradise” includes majestic rhythms to go along with it marching triumphantly at a steady pace. The entire work is completely electronic in nature with a vast array of synthesizers listed in the credits as well as displayed surrounding the artist on the cover
 Avaimet mun kulmille is the debut studio album by Finnish rapper Cheek. It was released on 31 May 2004. The album peaked at number 19 on the Official Finnish Album Chart.
 Visage is the eponymous debut studio album by the British new wave band Visage. It was recorded at Genetic Sound Studios in Reading Berkshire and released by Polydor Records on 10 November 1980. The album reached No. 13 in the UK and was certified Silver by the British Phonographic Industry in March 1981. It features the hit single Fade to Grey which reached No. 8 on the UK Singles Chart and Top 10 positions in Europe including No. 1 in Germany and Switzerland.
 Pagine Gialle is the second live album released by German Clarinet Duo.
 The Historical Plague is a Collectors Vinyl Boxed Set by the black metal band Old Man's Child limited to 2000 copies. It was released on December 8 2003 by Century Media Records. It contained remastered Gatefold Vinyl LP versions of the five Studio Albums that Old Man's Child had released up to 2003: Born of the Flickering (1995) The Pagan Prosperity (1997) Ill-Natured Spiritual Invasion (1998) Revelation 666 - The Curse of Damnation (2000) and In Defiance of Existence (2003).
 Life in a Beautiful Light is the third album by Scottish singer-songwriter Amy Macdonald released on 11 June 2012. The lead single is Slow It Down and was released on 20 April 2012. Macdonald's official website confirmed the album for release on 13 April 2012. The track listing was confirmed on Universal Music's store on the same day.
 Deseo is the sixth solo album by Yes lead singer Jon Anderson released in 1994. Augmented by well-known artists from across South and Latin America with cameos from Maria Conchita Alonso Cecilia Toussaint Milton Nascimento and many others.
 Lesson No. 1 is the first album released by Glenn Branca originally released as a two-track mini-album on 99 Records in 1980. It was remastered and re-released with a bonus track in 2004 by Acute Records.
 Made Up Stories is the debut album from British music quartet Go:Audio and was due for release on 25 August 2008 but was pushed back to 19 January 2009 as the band wanted to release a third single. The title track and lead single Made Up Stories was released on 26 May 2008 and was well received most notably receiving heavy rotation on Kerrang! radio and television stations.
 Paris 1919 is an album by Welsh musician John Cale released in March 1973. It was recorded in 1972 and 1973 with producer Chris Thomas and - although musician credits were never given on the album's packaging until the 2006 Rhino expanded CD edition - features Little Feat members Lowell George on guitar and Richie Hayward on drums in addition to Wilton Felder of The Crusaders on bass and orchestration provided by the UCLA Symphony Orchestra.
 The Cat Is Out is the title of the sixth studio album by the British singer-songwriter Judie Tzuke released in June 1985.Four singles were released from the album; You (UK #92) I'll Be The One (UK #97) Love Like Fire and This Side of Heaven. The album itself peaked at no. 35 in the UK.
 Hits Unlimited is the fourth album from 2 Unlimited and the last to feature Ray Slijngaard and Anita Doth. It was a greatest hits package featuring 16 songs: 13 previous singles and 3 new ones. The album was certified gold in the Netherlands
 Lullaby is the first solo album from James Walsh the former lead singer of Starsailor. It was released on September 17 2012 via iTunes in the UK.
 Boy Meets Girl is the debut album by American pop singer-songwriters George Merrill and Shannon Rubicam also known as Boy Meets Girl. It was released on A&M Records in 1985 and was their only disc for the label. The album included the band's first top 40 hit on the Billboard pop chart when Oh Girl peaked at No. 39.The album was written by Rubicam and Merrill with one outside writer receiving co-credit on one track.
 Life in A Minor Key is musical artist Chris Braide's second studio album.David A. Stewart's label Anxious Records signed Chris Braide in London United Kingdom It was Braide’s second solo album.On the liner notes of the reissued limited edition vinyl David A. Stewarts writes:I met Chris Braide in London when he was only 24 years old yet he was so mature as a songwriter and a consummate musician.
 Lustwandel is the sixth solo album by German keyboardist Hans-Joachim Roedelius best known for his work with Cluster Harmonia and Aquarello. All the pieces on the album were composed by Roedelius with the sole exception of Wilkommen which was composed by Roedelius and Will Roper.
 Harsoinen teräs is the third and final album of Hassisen Kone released in 1982. Musically the album has a progressive twist to it. The songs are more complicated than on the group's two previous albums and the band's lineup was expanded to seven people for this album featuring a new guitarist Jukka Orma (who later continued with Ismo Alanko in Sielun Veljet) saxophonist Antti Seppo keyboardist Safka Pekkonen and percussionist Hannu Porkka.
 Maschine Zeit (2000) is an aggrotech album by Funker Vogt.
 Spiral Shadow Kylesa's fifth full-length album was released on October 25 2010 in Europe and October 26 2010 in the United States by Season of Mist.
 Smooth Assassin is the debut album by Grand Daddy I.U. which was released on September 14 1990 on Cold Chillin' Records. The entire album was produced by Biz Markie with Cutmaster Cool V serving as both the co-producer and mixer of the album.The album managed to reach No. 91 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 Project: F.E.T.U.S. is an album by rapper One Be Lo that was first released in 2002. Over half the album was recorded before the release of the Binary Star album Masters of the Universe in 2000. The original goal of the album was to press only 1000 copies for fans that wanted to hear anything from One Be Lo that was available but after those copies were sold in less than 2 weeks they decided to press more.
 For the concept playing possum see Apparent death.Playing Possum is singer-songwriter Carly Simon's fifth studio album released in April 1975. It was her third consecutive album to reach the top ten of the best-selling album charts peaking at number 10 in June 1975. Singles from the album were not as successful. The first single from the album Attitude Dancing reached only number 21 on the Billboard charts.
 Black Magic is a blues album by Magic Sam released in 1968 by Delmark Records.
 Prezens is an album by guitarist David Torn recorded in 2005 and released on the ECM label.
 Crab Rangoon is the third studio album by American ska punk band MU330 released on Asian Man Records in 1997.
 Quicksilver Tuna is an album by Slowblow originally released in 1994 by Sirkafúsk Records and re-released by Smekkleysa in 2004.
 Playground Battle is the third album by New Zealand Rock Band The Feelers. It includes the number-one hits: Larger Than Life and The Fear. Other singles include Playground Battle Supernova and Stand Up. Since its release a second version The Special Limited Edition was released including a seven-track bonus disc including five re-mastered live tracks recorded from the bands hugely popular 2005 New Zealand tour.
 Full Length LP is the debut album by the Huntington Beach California punk rock band Guttermouth released in 1991 by Dr. Strange Records. It introduced the band's style of fast abrasive punk rock with tongue-in-cheek humor and sarcastic lyrics.
 Sneak Preview – Mixes and Remixes is a Compilation album by Australian music collective Sneaky Sound System it was released in the UK on 15 December 2008 on iTunes. Coming ahead of the release of their UK debut album in early 2009 Sneak Preview features reworkings of Sneaky tracks by mixers including Van She Tonite Only and Breakbot.
 A is an album by guitarist Jimmy Raney recorded at three separate sessions between 1954 and 1955 and released on the Prestige label.
 Victorious is the latest album released by The Perishers. It was released on 4 September 2007.
 Page One is the debut release by American jazz tenor saxophonist Joe Henderson. It features some of Henderson's most appreciated pieces such as Recorda Me later to become a jazz standard and Out of the Night originally written in 1957. The front cover lists Joe Henderson/Kenny Dorham/Butch Warren/Pete La Roca etc.. Only McCoy Tyner's name is absent.
 Perplexions is an album by Rasputina frontwoman Melora Creager which was released on December 4 2006 by the Filthy Bonnet Recording Company.
 Sweet and Innocent is a compilation album by the heavy metal band Diamond Head that was released in 1988.It largely contains tracks off the band's 1980 debut album Lightning to the Nations with the non-LP single Waited Too Long and its B-side Play It Loud and Streets of Gold which was the B-side to Diamond Head's 1980 single Sweet and Innocent.
 Withholding Pattern is a solo album by English saxophonist John Surman released on the ECM label in 1985.
 And I Love You So was Perry Como's 21st RCA Victor 12-inch long-play album the 19th recorded in full living stereophonic sound.As with It's Impossible this album was recorded to be an album with a surprise hit song in this case Don McLean's And I Love You So. Como brought the song to the national top 40 (Number One Easy Listening). Previous versions of the song by Elvis Presley Bobby Goldsboro and Bobby Vinton had met with mild or no success.
 In Concert is a live album by The Dubliners released in 1965.By the time The Dubliners had recorded their second album live at the Cecil Sharpe House in December 1964 they had become a quintet. Luke Kelly had temporarily left the group and Bobby Lynch and John Sheahan had joined. This was to be Lynch's only recording with The Dubliners as he left the group when Kelly returned. Sheahan has been with the group ever since and in latter years has become their manager.
 Call of the Mastodon is a compilation of early songs from the heavy metal band Mastodon.
 The Joker is Wild was the second album released by Alex Harvey after the demise of The Soul Band. The album was released in 1972. Some time after 1972 the album The Joker Is Wild was reissued and repackaged the album song listings stayed the same but the album was credited as being made by The Sensational Alex Harvey Band even though this band did not exist at the time and the title was changed to This Is.
 Leaves Eclipse the Light is an EP from Portland OR ambient musician Matthew Cooper under the name Eluvium following the release of the artistically daring and critically acclaimed album Similes.
 Cyborg Oretachi (サイボーグ俺達 We the Cyborgs) is the first major label album by Japanese band Halcali their third original album and fourth album release overall. The first press limited edition came with a bonus DVD.
 Elementalz is the debut album by British hip hop group The Brotherhood. it was released on January 9 1996 through Virgin.
 Inspiration is the third album by Bay Area-based R&B group Maze. Released in 1979 on Capitol Records.
 Symphonic Concert 2002 is a live concert DVD by Japanese music composer Yoshiki Hayashi released on March 30 2005. The concert took place on December 3 and 4 2002 at the Tokyo International Forum. This concert is the first solo classical event by Yoshiki. On the concert were performed Yoshiki's classical compositions performed by the Tokyo City Philharmonic Orchestra and featuring his solo musical project Violet UK.
 Goin' Back to Indiana was a live/soundtrack album by The Jackson 5 for Motown Records taken from their September 16 1971 ABC TV special of the same name. This is the Jackson 5's sixth album overall.The Goin' Back to Indiana television special featured comedians Bill Cosby and Tommy Smothers singers Bobby Darin and Diana Ross football players Roosevelt Rosey Grier and Ben Davidson and basketball stars Bill Russell Elgin Baylor and Elvin Hayes.
 Ass Seen on TV is a split EP by punk bands Gob and Another Joe released on May 13 1997 on Landspeed Records. The CD contained over 30 minutes of prank phone calls as a hidden track. The album was available on limited edition vinyl and featured two extra tracks performed by each band not available on the CD. Gob recorded Pick Up and Open Your Eyes (Nashville Horsey Remix) and Another Joe recorded I'm Hungry and Dink.
 Смутное Время (Smutnoye Vremia Russian for Vague Time) is a standalone album by vocalist Valery Kipelov and guitarist Sergey Mavrin both formerly of Aria (Kipelov was still a member of Aria when it was released). Alik Granovsky former Aria bassist was a guest musician on SV but composed no songs for it.
 Peeping Tom Reloaded is the second compilation album fifth album overall by German eurodance/trance project S.E.X. Appeal.
 Peace On Earth is an album of inspirational songs by Johnny Maestro and The Brooklyn Bridge. Originally released in 2002 it was reissued in 2007 as Songs of Inspiration by Collectables Records.
 Lost in Time is the fifth studio album by American R&B recording artist Eric Benét released November 30 2010 on Reprise Records. It is the follow-up to Love & Life (2008). Production for the album took place during 2010 at various recording studios and was handled by Benét George Nash Jr. and Demonté Posey.
 Venue Songs DVD/CD is a compilation album released in 2005 by They Might Be Giants on their own label Idlewild Records. The bulk of the material comes from 2004's Venue Songs which is included in here in its entirety although its order has been rearranged. Venue Songs was composed of original live songs about the venue they were playing in at the time. They wrote a song for each of the venues in about a day.
 That Dog's Head In The Gutter Gives Off Vibrations is the second studio album by New Zealand indie rock group The Renderers released in 1994.
 Chopper City is the second studio album by American rapper B.G. released on January 26 1996. This Album was Re-Released in 1999 when Cash Money Signed a Pressing and Distribution Deal With Universal Records in 1998.
 Information Society is an album by the synthpop techno and freestyle band Information Society. It was their first release under a major label after two independently released albums. Numerous top-40 hits quickly led the group to fame and fortune. The album was certified gold (selling 500000 units) after five months in the U.S. and also went gold in Brazil in just 10 days. The album had several chart-topping hits such as What's on Your Mind (Pure Energy) Walking Away and Running.
 Now ... Us! is the second studio album by German pop group No Angels released by Polydor subsidiary Cheyenne Records on June 24 2002 (see 2002 in music) in German speaking Europe.
 V is the fifth album by the band Live released in 2001. It featured the singles Simple Creed and Overcome the latter of which received significant exposure following the September 11 attacks.
 My Love Journey 1km was the 14th album by Mandopop singer Valen Hsu that was released on 15 July 2009.
 The Bath is the name of the first EP released by electronica duo Lemon Jelly according to the insert of Lemonjelly.ky on August 24 1998. It was limited to 1000 10 copies the first 200 of which featured hand screen-printed sleeves. The tracks from the EP were later incorporated for more accessible listening into the critically acclaimed Lemonjelly.ky album.
 Not the Green Tom Show is the first release by Canadian rapper MC Face released in 1998. The theme of the 26-track album revolves around MC Face a pugnacious and foul-mouthed rapper who is constantly angry with and taking verbal jabs at Tom Green his square producer who brings on some of his buddies from The Tom Green Show.Lyrics by MC Face are interlaced with skits in which Face disses Green and a conflict culminates right up until the last track a skit where Face goes completely crazy.
 The Geese and the Ghost is the debut solo album from former Genesis guitarist Anthony Phillips. It was originally intended as a duet between Phillips and former bandmate Mike Rutherford but Rutherford's difficulty in devoting time to the project ultimately mandated that he be dropped from co-billing with Phillips to guest musician status. The album was released in 1977 on Passport Records in the US and Hit & Run Music in the UK.
 End of the World Party (Just in Case) is an album released by Medeski Martin & Wood.
 I Poo Poo on Your JuJu is the sixth and final album by Bristol UK musician Matt Elliott under the name The Third Eye Foundation.
 Resurrection is the second album by the nu metal/rapcore music group Grade 8. The album was released on August 10 2004 via Sound Barrier Records.
 Deerhoof vs. Evil is the tenth studio album by the band Deerhoof. It was released on January 6 2011 on P-Vine Records in Japan January 24 2011 on ATP Recordings in the United Kingdom January 25 2011 on Polyvinyl in the USA and January 30 2011 on Flying Nun Records in New Zealand.The band have released the album one track at a time via different media outlets online with a full map and schedule available on their website.
 Playing for Keeps is Eddie Money's third album released in 1980. It continues the expansion to include pop oriented tracks that began witj the previous album... Jimmy Lyon's guitar work is a key to standouts Trinidad and Million Dollar Girl the first and last tracks.but in reality had departed and been replaced by John Nelson by the time most of this recording was done.
 Bortom det blå is an album by the Swedish singer Lisa Ekdahl. It is entirely in the Swedish language.
 Direksyon is the eighth studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's a 10-track album released in 1986 under Universal Records.
 Siamese Kat is the second studio album by thai pop singer Katreeya English released by GMM Grammy on May 2003.
 Roots on the River Bellows Falls VT – June 9th 2007 is a live recording of Gandalf Murphy and the Slambovian Circus of Dreams' set at the 2007 Roots on the River Festival. This is single disc which contains the full set both songs and introductions.This is a Bootleg Series album which is generally only available for sale at live shows.
 Incognegro is debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Ludacris. It was released on August 17 1999 under Ludacris' newly founded indie record label DTP Entertainment. Most of the tracks were reused in his major label debut Back for the First Time except for Intro It Wasn't Us Midnight Train and Rock and a Hard Place.
 Slades Greats is a compilation album by the British glam rock group Slade. It was released 12 May 1984 and reached number 89 on the UK charts.The album was issued in the wake of the band's success of singles My Oh My and Run Runaway although they weren't included on the compilation. The compilation instead focused on the band's hits from the 70s similar to the 1980 compilation Slade Smashes.The album peaked at #81 for 1984 on rateyourmusic.
 Go Nutz is the third studio album by Dutch rock and roll and blues group Herman Brood & His Wild Romance. Three singles came from the album Love You Like I Love Myself Hot Shot and I Don't Need You all of which charted in the Netherlands. On the Dutch album chart the album reached #6 on 8 March 1980 and stayed on the chart for nine weeks.Go Nutz was re-released on CD in 1996 by Sony BMG/Ariola.
 Konk is the second album by British indie rock band The Kooks released on 14 April 2008 on Virgin Records. Produced by Tony Hoffer the album is named after the London studio where it was recorded which is the property of Ray Davies.
 Opéra sauvage is a 1979 album by Greek composer and artist Vangelis of the score for the nature documentary by the same title by French filmmaker Frédéric Rossif. The album sleeve design is by Vangelis himself.Vangelis produced this album during his electro-acoustic period which was one of the most productive in his musical career. Opéra Sauvage is more akin to his classic sound than his earlier nature scores for the same director such as L'Apocalypse des animaux and La Fête sauvage.
 Traffic Gold is a two-disc 2005 compilation album by the psychedelic rock band Traffic. It contains at least one song from each album except On the Road Far From Home and The Last Great Traffic Jam.
 Seediq Bale is the fourth studio album by Taiwanese black metal band Chthonic released in 2005. The album was the band's first to receive full promotion and release outside of Asia being released in November 2006 in the United States and worldwide in February 2007.
 This Life Is All We Have is an EP by American heavy metal band After the Burial. It was released on April 30 2013 through Sumerian Records. It consists of three re-recorded tracks from their first studio album Forging a Future Self. The new versions of the songs feature vocals from the band's current vocalist Anthony Notormaso with production/mixing handled by Terry Date (Deftones Pantera) and the band's own Justin Lowe and Trent Hafdahl.
 Goodnight Nobody is an album by Julie Doiron released in 2004.
 Cinema Mudo (Portuguese for Silent Film) is the debut album by Brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso. It was released in 1983 to critical acclaim selling more than 90000 copies.The songs Vital e a Sua Moto and Vovó Ondina É Gente Fina the two main singles of the album are homages to Vital Dias (the former drummer of the band) and bassist Bi Ribeiro's grandmother respectively.
 Black Swan: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album to the 2010 film Black Swan. The album marks the fifth consecutive collaboration between Aronofsky and English composer Clint Mansell. Mansell scored the film based on Tchaikovsky's ballet Swan Lake but with radical changes to the music.
 A Beautiful Mind is the original soundtrack album on the Decca Records label of the 2001 film A Beautiful Mind starring Russell Crowe Jennifer Connelly (who won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Alicia Nash) Christopher Plummer and Paul Bettany. The original score and songs were composed and conducted by James Horner.The album garnered nominations for the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score and the Academy Award for Best Original Score.
 David Ackles is the self-titled debut album of American singer-songwriter David Ackles. The album was also referred to by label Elektra Records as The Road to Cairo. Ackles' debut described by music historian Richie Unterberger as Ackles' most rock-oriented record garnered faint praise from Rolling Stone critic Arthur Schmidt who complained of thin melodies but who nevertheless described Ackles as one of the best singers I've ever heard.
 Illumination is the sixth album by English singer-songwriter Paul Weller released on 16 September 2002. Call Me No.5 is a duet with Kelly Jones of Stereophonics and One X One features Gem Archer on acoustic guitar and Noel Gallagher of Oasis on drums percussion and bass.
 Velvet Raccoon is an LP by American indie rock band Silent Old Mtns released on June 19 2012. Recording began in August 2011 with producer Myles Vlachos at the Key Facility in Monrovia MD and was finished in March 2012. The album was named after a velvet painting of a raccoon that drummer Pat Acuña purchased at a flea market while living in Nashville TN. Its lead single Dead All The Time was released along with a music video on March 22 2012.
 Colin James and the Little Big Band is a swing-jive album by Canadian musician Colin James released in 1993 (see 1993 in music).
 Papa's Got a Brand New Baghdad is a 2004 album by the Capitol Steps.
 The Work Which Transforms God is the fourth studio album by black metal band Blut Aus Nord. Candlelight re-released the album in 2005 including the EP Thematic Emanation of Archetypal Multiplicity as a second disc. It has been cited as a breakthrough release for the band as well as for the genre as a whole.
 Territory is the third full-length studio album by Canadian indie rock band Two Hours Traffic and the follow-up to their Polaris Prize-nominated Little Jabs. It was released on September 8 2009 on Bumstead Records. The album was produced by Joel Plaskett. The band toured Canada in September and October 2009 in support of the album.
 Satin Sheets is the second studio album released by American country artist Jeanne Pruett. The album was released in June 1973 on MCA Records and was produced by Walter Haynes. The album contained Pruett's first major hit and signature song of the same name as the album. The single reached number one on the Billboard Country Chart. The album was released in late spring 1973.
 V.M. Live Presents...Avail is a live album by Avail. It was recorded at the Fireside Bowl in Chicago on 29 June 1997 less than two weeks after the recording of Live at the Bottom of the Hill in San Francisco. The album was released by Liberation Records in 1999.
 Every Best Singles +3 is the first best of album of the Japanese pop group Every Little Thing released on March 31 1999. It is the first album of songs from the best selling singles from the band with 2556314 copies sold.
 War Heroes is a posthumous sixth studio album by American guitarist Jimi Hendrix released on October 1 and December 1972 in the UK and the US respectively. It was the third Hendrix studio album released after his death and was engineered mixed and compiled by Eddie Kramer and John Jansen.
 You Caught Me Out is the second studio album by singer-actress-comedian Tracey Ullman. It was released on Stiff Records in 1984 throughout Europe. The album was never released in the US.
 Rock My World is the fifth music album by rock artist Poison vocalist and reality television star Bret Michaels. This album is a greatest hits compilation featuring songs from his last two studio albums and also features three new tracks plus a remixed track.
 Wayfaring Sons is the second solo album by Scottish-Australian singer Colin Hay released in 1990.
 Resonate is Sonicflood's second studio album and third release overall. It was released in 2001 and has a very different line-up from their first two albums.
 New Jersey is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Bon Jovi It was released on 19 September 1988 through Mercury Records. The album produced by Bruce Fairbairn and recorded at the Little Mountain Sound Studios in Vancouver Canada.The album was the follow-up to the band's 1986 breakthrough Slippery When Wet reaching at #1 on the Billboard 200 and producing five Billboard Hot 100 top ten singles the most top ten hits to date for a heavy metal album.
 Maximum Jee&Jee is Eppu Normaali's second album released on 17 April 1979. The album cover was inspired by The Who's gig poster Maximum R&B.
 John Cale Comes Alive is a second live album by John Cale released in September 1984 on ZE Records label after the previous album Caribbean Sunset (also 1984). It was recorded at The Lyceum in London at 26 February 1984. It also includes two studio recordings Ooh La La and Never Give Up. The album has not been released on compact disc or digital format. The US release has different versions of both studio tracks compared to the European version.
 True Loves Never Dies is the major label debut album of Otherwise. It was released in 2012 on Century Media Records. The album peaked at #123 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 This Delicate Thing We've Made is the third studio album by Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes. It is a double album that was released on his own label Powdered Sugar on 20 August 2007. The first single from the album On the Verge of Something Wonderful was released in Australia on 28 July 2007 and in the UK and online on 6 August 2007.
 Ram Jam City is an album by British blues rock musician Danny Kirwan released in 2000. This release consists of demo recordings for his 1975 debut solo album recorded after leaving Fleetwood Mac in 1972. His solo career was being managed by ex-Mac manager Clifford Davis.These demos were recorded around 1973–74 and finished tracks for this album were released in 1975 as Second Chapter.
 Sings is an album from Conway Twitty released in 1958.
 Transition is the seventh album by the group Kenny Rogers & The First Edition.
 Celts and Cobras is the second and final studio album from the Scottish Neo-Rockabilly group The Shakin' Pyramids (billed on the album cover as Shakin' Pyramids) released in 1982 by Cuba Libre a subsidiary of Virgin Records. Just a Memory and Pharaoh's Chant were released as singles from the album. Seen by some as a departure from the band's sound on their debut album Skin 'Em Up they disbanded shortly after its release.
 Snails is the second EP and third release by American rock band The Format. The EP was created to be sold at shows while The Format were on tour with Taking Back Sunday and Jimmy Eat World. It also became available on iTunes. Physical copies of the album came with a promotional code to download 2 additional tracks from The Format's website. The EP includes two new songs (four if you count the free downloads) and acoustic versions of three tracks from 2003's Interventions + Lullabies.
 This Is Exile is the second album by the American deathcore band Whitechapel. It was produced by Jonny Fay and the band itself and was released on July 8 2008 through Metal Blade Records.
 GT 25 – Samtliga hits! is a compilation album from Swedish pop group Gyllene Tider released on March 24 2004.
 DE9  Transitions is an album released by Detroit techno and minimal Canadian artist Richie Hawtin. It contained a CD and a special edition DVD with multimedia such as videos.
 Inarticulate Nature Boy is the debut solo album by School of Fish singer Josh Clayton-Felt. It was released on May 19 1996 through A&M Records.
 Move Somethin' is the second album by Miami hip hop group 2 Live Crew. The album was released in 1987 on Luke Records and was produced by Luke Skyywalker and Mr. Mixx. It was certified Gold and featured the singles Move Somethin’ and Do Wah Diddy Diddy. The album improved on the charts from the previous album making in to #68 on the Billboard 200 and #20 on the Top R&B/Hip Hop chart.
 Himalayan is the third studio album released by the British trio Band of Skulls on March 31 2014 through Electric Blues Records.
 Plastic Surgery Disasters is the second album released by Dead Kennedys. It has been reissued with the EP In God We Trust Inc. which are the last eight tracks on the CD. The cover photo is Hands by photographer Michael Wells. The same photo was used by another San Francisco-based punk band called Society Dog for their EP .....Off of the Leash released in 1981. The inside cover art features Winston Smith's collages.
 The Great Songs of Roy Orbison is an album recorded by Roy Orbison for MGM Records that was released in the United States in February 1970.
 Master and Everyone is an album by Bonnie 'Prince' Billy. The album also features Tony Crow John Kelton Paul Oldham Marty Slayton Matt Swanson Gary Lee Tussing and William Tyler and was recorded by Mark Nevers.
 Living Hard is the seventh studio album by American country music singer Gary Allan. It was released on October 23 2007 on the MCA Nashville label.The album debuted at number three on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart selling approximately 69000 copies in its first week. Its lead-off single Watching Airplanes reached number 2 on the country charts while Learning How to Bend reached number 13. The album's third single She's So California reached number 24.
 Gimme Back My Bullets is Lynyrd Skynyrd's fourth studio album. It was released on February 2 1976. It reached # 20 on the U.S. albums chart. The album was certified Gold on 1/20/1981 by the RIAA.The album was originally titled Ain't No Dowd About It in tribute to the producer Tom Dowd whom the band idolized. It remains the only studio album by the precrash lineup to have not yet reached platinum or higher in the United States.
 Lucille Talks Back is a compilation album by B. B. King released in 1975.
 South of the South is the sixth release by David Dondero. The title is a reference to Florida where Dondero lived for a time. It was released on October 25 2005 on the Team Love Records label. It was recorded in December 2004 at Sweatbox Studios in Austin and features guest spots by Eric Bachmann (Crooked Fingers) Miranda Brown Mike Vasquez Tom Heyman Dan Carr and Chris Heinrich. This album is the 5th release of Team Love Records.
 Diamond Daze is the first album by the German minimal techno producer Pantha du Prince. It was released on January 26 2004.Though the album went relatively unnoticed by the general public Diamond Daze was well-liked by critics such as Andy Kellman at allmusic.
 Music Inspired by Watership Down is a progressive rock album by Swedish musician Bo Hansson. The album is Hansson's fourth solo album and is as its name suggests built around musical ideas inspired by Richard Adams' heroic fantasy novel Watership Down. It was the second album of Hansson's to have been based on a novel; his first solo album Music Inspired by Lord of the Rings had likewise been based on J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings.
 Song Painter is a debut album by singer-songwriter and actor Mac Davis after signing with Columbia Records in late 1969 released in 1970.
 A Perfect Absolution is the fifth studio album by French death metal band Gorod. The album was released in March 2012 under Listenable Records.
 Peacetika is the fourth studio album by Minneapolis-based noise rock band Cows released in March 1991 through Amphetamine Reptile Records.
 Harakiri City is the third work of Caramelos de Cianuro and the second album of the Venezuelan band. This album allowed the group to establish themselves as nationally recognized band.
 You Know So Well is the debut EP of Norwegian artist Sondre Lerche. The EP was only released in Norway.Lerche released his debut EP You Know So Well in February 2001. His debut single You Know So Well was released to the media in Norway in December 2000. In early 2001 the single entered #3 on the National Airplay Chart in Norway and #2 on the sales chart.
 What Starts Ends is a 1992 album by the British band Rubicon.
 And the Thieves Are Gone is an EP by Joseph Arthur released on December 7 2004. The bulk of the EP was recorded in New Orleans where much of the album Our Shadows Will Remain was produced. And the Thieves Are Gone was made available primarily at select US indie music stores only. The song Real as Rain became the B-side to the Can't Exist single in 2005 and Papa became the B-side to the Devil's Broom single in 2006.My Home Is Your Head appeared in the House M.D.
 Original Motion Picture Soundtrack: Michael Clayton is the original soundtrack of the 2007 drama film Michael Clayton starring George Clooney Tom Wilkinson and Tilda Swinton. The original score and songs were composed by James Newton Howard. The album as released on September 25 2007 on the Varèse Sarabande label.
 London Express is the second album by Mexican alternative rock vocalist Elan.London Express finds its roots in the music of The Beatles which Elan has described as the only band that really changed everything. 1The first single off the album was the opener track Be Free.
 Electric Bird Digest is the sixth proper full-length album by rock band Young Fresh Fellows. It was the last Young Fresh Fellows album released by Frontier Records and was originally issued in 1991. The original LP included a free single with the songs Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah Skyscraper of Facts and The Teen Thing.
 Silent Chaos Serpentine is the second full-length studio album by Sri Lanka-based heavy metal band Stigmata. The album was released in January 2006.The Album Current was on Australia's top metal site wwww.themetalforge.com's top 50 reviews of all time for over a year and was positioned at no.9.The Album was also nominated for an Album of the Year on the site tmetal.com
 The Early Chapters is the first EP by the Swedish melodic death metal band Soilwork. It was released by Listenable Records on January 20 2004. It features two cover songs of the bands Deep Purple and Mercyful Fate the original demo recording of Shadow Child the bonus track from their second album plus a live song which was a bonus track from their first album Burn and Disintegrated Skies are Japanese bonus tracks on their first album Egypt was not on any of their albums.
 Like a butterfly 'cept Different is an EP by the American alternative rock band MOTH.
 Suffocate Me was a 1993 extended play release and the debut single by Scottish band Angelfish. While not charting on any mainstream Billboard charts Suffocate Me was received well on college radio and was followed up in 1994 by the release of Angelfish's self-titled debut album.The music video for Suffocate Me famously aired once by MTV during 120 Minutes where it was seen by Garbage co-founder Steve Marker. Manson was asked to join Garbage and accepted.
 The Other Side Of Sevi is the first acoustic album of the Bulgarian rock band Sevi which was recorded live on November 30 2012 and released on February 13 2013. The band made the concert as a part of the music video promo of their third single Victim.
 Pagan Muzak is a landmark industrial-noise 7 vinyl released by NON. The release was pressed with 17 tracks of locked grooves and includes an off center hole drilled for an alternate method of play.
 Come Undone is an album by the band Jackson Waters.
 Hayley Sings is the debut album by Rachael MacFarlane younger sister of Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane. Produced by veteran producer Allen Sviridoff the album was released on September 25 2012.The album's title is an homage to MacFarlane's best-known voice-acting role as Hayley Smith in her brother's series American Dad!.
 Scavengers the second album from New York-based Calla.
 Notebook II: Bōken Note-chū (NOTEBOOK II～冒険ノート中～ Mid-Adventure Notes pronounced Nōtobukku Tsū Bōken Note-chū) is Kurumi Enomoto's second studio album released on January 21 2009 (2009-01-21). It debuted at #43 on the Japanese Oricon album charts and charted in the top 300 for four weeks.The album was preceded by five singles though Bōken Suisei the preceding single and ending theme song for the anime Tales of the Abyss was the only that charted.
 The soundtrack to Stanley Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange was released to accompany the 1971 film of the same name. The music is a thematic extension of Alex's (and the viewer's) psychological conditioning. The soundtrack of A Clockwork Orange comprises classical music and electronic synthetic music composed by Wendy Carlos (who having not yet transitioned was credited as Walter Carlos). Some of the music is heard only as excerpts e.g. Edward Elgar's Pomp and Circumstance March No.
 ATLA: All This Life Allows Vol. 1 is the second studio album by American rapper Stat Quo. The album was released on February 25 2014 under his independent label ATLA Music. It was preceded by Stat Quo's first studio album Statlanta (2010). The album's production was handled by DeUno Amir Perry A.O. Steve Esterfern Ty Cutta Bink LT Moe Tone Mason and Dr. Dre. It also features guest appearances from Stoney Brown Sha Sha Dre (of Cool & Dre) Scarface and Devin the Dude.
 Ringing Down the Years is a studio album by English band Strawbs. The album was only released initially in Canada. Because of the requirement to have a Canadian song on the album the track Might as Well Be on Mars by the Pukka Orchestra was included. (Not to be confused with the Alice Cooper song of the same name.)The title track was written by leader Dave Cousins about his hearing of the death of former member Sandy Denny.
 For Lovers Only is the debut album by Marion Meadows released in 1990.
 After the Rain is the debut album from the Christian country duo Aaron & Amanda Crabb. The album was released on January 1 2007.
 To The Treetops! is the first album to be released by Norwegian indie band Team Me. It was released on October 14th 2011 on Propeller Records in Norway and was later released internationally the 5th of March. The album has been released digitally and in CD and 2 album LP format.
 Feast on Scraps is an Alanis Morissette CD/DVD package released on December 10 2002. The DVD was filmed during a concert in Rotterdam Netherlands and the CD contains B-sides and unreleased studio tracks left off Morissette's album Under Rug Swept which was released earlier that year. Awakening Americans and Symptoms were the only previously released songs to be omitted.
 Gracious Tide Take Me Home is the debut studio album by British band Lanterns on the Lake. It was released in the UK on 19 September 2011 under Bella Union.
 Uudet kymmenen käskyä is the second album by Finnish thrash metal band Stam1na. It was released on May 10 2006 and reached #3 on the Finnish album charts. On March 10 2007 the album was chosen as the Metal Album of 2006 at the Emma Awards arranged by the Finnish recording industry.The single Likainen parketti went to #1 on the Finnish single charts. Another song Edessäni was released as an Internet-only digisingle.
 Death... Will Come Your Way is the first demo release by death metal band Winterwolf (now named Deathchain). It was released in 2000.
 Chicago IX: Chicago's Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album and ninth album overall by the American band Chicago and was released in 1975 by Columbia Records in both stereo (PC 33900) and SQ quadraphonic (PCQ 33900) versions.Including all of Chicago's biggest hits thus far this set stretches from their 1969 debut The Chicago Transit Authority to 1974's Chicago VII.
 The Bullies Have All Gone to Rest is a bluegrass and old-time music album by John Hartford and Jim Wood released in 1998.
 Lo Romántico de Los Bukis (The Romantic of Los Bukis) is a compilation album released by Mexican band Los Bukis in 1989.
 We're All Leaving is the sixth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Dave Gunning. It was released in 2009 by Wee House of Music. The album received a nomination in the Folk Recording of the Year category at the 2011 East Coast Music Awards.
 Rank is a live album by the English rock band The Smiths. It was released in September 1988 by their British record company Rough Trade and reached No. 2 in the British charts. In the United States the album was released on Sire Records and made No. 77.
 Sinatra Reprise: The Very Good Years is a single disc compilation taken from the four disc box set The Reprise Collection. For many years this was the only collection of Sinatra's Reprise work on one disc until 2008's collection Nothing But The Best. The Very Good Years reached #98 on the Billboard Top 200 album charts in 1991.
 Magic is the sixth studio album released by Axel Rudi Pell. It is also the last album released by Axel Rudi Pell which featured Jeff Scott Soto and Christian Wolff. Magic was released in 1997 on the SPV record label.
 Rainbow Man is the debut album of American country music artist Jeff Bates. It was released in 2003 (see 2003 in country music) on RCA Nashville. The album includes eleven songs all co-written by Bates of which three were singles: The Love Song the title track and I Wanna Make You Cry. Respectively these peaked at numbers 8 47 and 23 on the Billboard country charts.
 Glamour of the Kill is the first EP released by Siege of Amida Records. It was released in the UK in June 2008.The first single to be released of the album was A Hope in Hell which was released not too long after the album was released. It was also featured in Dirt 2.
 Morning Rises is the fifth studio album from Contemporary-Praise & Worship-Rock musician Aaron Shust. It was released on July 16 2013 by Centricity Music and it was produced by Ed Cash. The album got positive critical reception from music critics and it saw commercial success.
 Måsstaden is the debut album of the Swedish progressive metal band Vildhjarta. Released on 28 November 2011 the album peaked at 37 on the Top Heatseekers chart. This was the first release to feature new vocalist Vilhelm Bladin and the last release to feature founding member Jimmie Åkerström before he was asked to leave the band in 2012.
 Don't Give Up on Me is a studio album by R&B/Soul singer Solomon Burke recorded and released in 2002 on Fat Possum Records. The album won the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Blues Album. It is noteworthy for the contributions of original and previously unreleased compositions by top-rank songwriters the effect of which placed Burke back in the public eye for a time.
 Black Jazz Signature is a compilation album by American artist Theo Parrish. It was released in September 2013 under Snow Dog Records. The album features tracks from the 1970s record label Black Jazz Records.
 Freedom Blues is the third album from Jamaican reggae musician Jah Cure. It was released in 2005 and includes contributions from Sizzla.
 New Life is the tenth album by David Murray to be released on the Italian Black Saint label and the fourth to feature his Octet. It was released in 1985 and features performances by Murray Baikida Carroll Hugh Ragin Craig Harris John Purcell Adegoke Steve Colson Wilber Morris and Ralph Peterson Jr..
 Free Spirit is the eleventh album recorded by Bonnie Tyler and released in 1995.
 Return to the Centre of the Earth is a 1999 concept album by Rick Wakeman. This work is a sequel to Journey to the Centre of the Earth an earlier album by Wakeman released in 1974.
 From the Heart of Town is the second album by Gallon Drunk released on April 13 1993 through Sire Records.
 I'm the One was the second album by Annette Peacock and was released in 1972. It was released as a CD in 2010 on the artists label - ironic US.I'm the One featured Annette Peacock's multiple vocal and instrumental talents. The album fuses blues jazz avant garde electronic music (including extensive treatment of her own voice through a Moog synthesizer) and free form poetry and rap.
 Your Tender Loving Care is an album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos released in 1967.It was re-released on CD in 1995 by Sundazed Records with two bonus tracks.
 Travel EP is the fourth album by the Christian rock band Future of Forestry and the first in the Travel Series. It was released on May 5 2009.
 Fire Kite is an EP of the band Eisley released in anticipation of their third full-length album and to promote their fall/winter 2009 tour. It was released October 13 2009 on Sire Records. There are two versions of the EP. The digital version has an extra demo song whereas the hard copy has an Eisley cover by Max Bemis of Say Anything.The physical version is only printed for 3000 copies due to the label marketing strategy.
 Tiergarten is a digital EP by Rufus Wainwright released under Geffen Records in the United Kingdom on October 29 2007. The EP contains one track: Supermayer Lost in Tiergarten. This track a remix of Tiergarten from Wainwright's album Release the Stars was also featured as a single in limited vinyl release (500 copies total).
 Harmony is the seventh album by American rock band Three Dog Night released in 1971 (see 1971 in music). The album featured two Top 10 hits: a cover version of Paul Williams' An Old Fashioned Love Song (U.S. #4) and Hoyt Axton's Never Been to Spain (U.S. #5).
 Versus is the third and second full length album by Japanese rock band Mr. Children released on September 1 1993. The album debuted on the Japanese Oricon music charts at #3 and sold 802140 copies during its run on the chart. Just like the previous two albums Versus contains only one single released on July 1 1993 titled Replay with another album track And I close to you also being included in Mr. Children's fourth single Cross Road.
 Reba: Duets is the twenty fourth studio album by American country music artist Reba McEntire. The album was released September 18 2007 on MCA Nashville Records and September 24 2007 on Humphead Records in the UK and was produced by Tony Brown Dann Huff McEntire and Justin Timberlake.
 Sweat is the debut album by Belgian-Turkish R&B singer Hadise which was released in November 2005. The album was released in both Belgium and Turkey. Hadise released 4 singles from this album - Sweat Milk Chocolate Girl Ain't No Love Lost and Stir Me Up - before releasing the single Bad Boy (Remix) which was supposed to be included on a re-release of the album which was eventually never released due to legal reasons.
 Three is the third album by jazz musician Bob James. Three along with One and Two are seen as Smooth Jazz classics songs such as Westchester Lady have covered by numerous smooth jazz groups.
 Love Addict is the 14th studio album and second mandopop album by Hong Kong singer Prudence Liew. This album marks the first Mandarin language studio album release from Liew since 愛自己 Love Yourself was released in Taiwan in 2000. This album is a cover album that consists entirely of songs that were originally sung by male singers.
 Drums and Wireless: BBC Radio Sessions 77–89 (1994) is a selection of songs performed by XTC for BBC radio. Its tracks were later included on Transistor Blast: The Best of the BBC Sessions.
 All the Stuff (And More!) Volume 2 is a compilation album by the Ramones. It includes their third and fourth albums Rocket to Russia and Road to Ruin excluding the song Go Mental plus bonus tracks. Some versions of the album do include Go Mental in its rightful place as track 24 after I Wanna Be Sedated and before Questioningly for a total of 30 tracks.
 Attack of the Awesome!!! is a punk rock EP by rock group Patent Pending released in 2009. It features other artists such as Jeremy Carr. The album spawned one music video for the song Drop Dead which parodied the TV show Jersey Shore.
 Young Money: Rise of an Empire is the second compilation album by American record label Young Money Entertainment. The album was released on March 11 2014 by Young Money Entertainment Cash Money Records and Republic Records. Rise of an Empire's recording process took place from 2013 to 2014.
 Live Bootleg '82 is the title of a 1990 live album by rock band Daniel Amos released on Stunt Records. Recorded in St. Louis Missouri by Bruce A. Brown this officially released bootleg gives fans a glimpse into a typical D.A. concert in the early 1980s.
 Healing Rain is Michael W. Smith's nineteenth album.
 C'est La Vie (English: That's life) is the 8th studio album released by Greek singer Despina Vandi. Initially the album was distributed exclusively via a bundling with the newspaper Real News on 13 June 2010 marks the first LP released on label The Spicy Effect as well as her first studio album of new material since 2007's 10 Hronia Mazi.
 Secrets And Falling is the 1991 EP from Cindytalk released by Midnight Music. Empty Hand differs slightly from the versions on Wappinschaw and the Sound From Hands compilation. Features images and samples from the film El Espiritu De La Colmena (Spain 1973) by Victor Erice. Midnight Music folded shortly after this was released. Mara Bressi is a member of Black Rose.
 Show Time is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Show Luo's debut Mandarin solo studio album. It was released on 5 December 2003 by Avex Taiwan. The album sold 50000 copies within two weeks of release.
 A Little Messed Up is the third studio album by pop-punk band The Dollyrots. It was released on August 17 2010 on Blackheart Records.
 Smart Casual is the debut album from Kids in Glass Houses recorded during late 2007 at Long Wave Studios with Romesh Dodangoda. The album contains songs the band have written since the release of their five-track EP E-Pocalypse! and also three tracks from the EP.The lead single from the album is Easy Tiger and was released on 10 March 2008. It was released as a digital download and on a limited pressing of 2000 vinyl.
 Grand Slam is the fourth studio album by Australian rock band Spiderbait. The album marked a significant change in sound for the band with many of the songs being heavily-produced pop sung by bassist Janet English. The remainder of the album is a mix of alternative rock (sung as in previous albums by drummer Kram) and electronica.The song Glockenpop is featured in the 2009 video game LittleBigPlanet for PlayStation Portable.
 The Magic Triangle is an album by American jazz pianist Don Pullen saxophonist Joseph Jarman and drummer Don Moye recorded in 1979 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 Room No. 382 is a remix album by Miyavi released on December 24 2008. The album contains songs varying from both his indie and major label career and are remixed by his former DJ TeddyLoid from his backup band the Kavki Boiz.
 Hope on the Rocks is the sixteenth studio album by American country music artist Toby Keith. It was released on October 30 2012 via Show Dog-Universal Music. The first single is I Like Girls That Drink Beer. The album's second single is its title track. As of October 2013 the album has sold 300000 copies in the US.
 The Southern Cat Rocks On is a 12 vinyl album by Gene Summers his second album release. It is a compilation of tracks he recorded in Texas between 1962 and 1975.
 This too Shall Pass is the debut album of Chicago-based rock group The Fold. It was released in February 2006 on Tooth and Nail Records and features fourteen tracks. The title is a reference to the phrase This too shall pass.
 Beyond All Sense is Destiny's debut album. It was released in March 1985 on vinyl only.Destiny re-recorded the entire album twenty years later as Beyond All Sense 2005.
 Desperate Teenage Lovedolls: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is an album of music from the film Desperate Teenage Lovedolls. The soundtrack was originally released on Gasatanka Records in 1984 re-issued by SST Records in 1987 and re-released again in an expanded edition on CD by Sympathy For The Record Industry in 1997.
 Direct is a 1988 album by the Greek synthesizer artist Vangelis. The album marks a new development in Vangelis' music employing a somewhat more popular format.
 Bobby Valentino is the self-titled debut album from American R&B singer Bobby Valentino(now called Bobby V) released on the 26th of April 2005. The album was primarily produced and executive produced by the duo Tim & Bob and includes the singles Slow Down Tell Me and My Angel (Never Leave You). It debuted at #3 on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 180000 copies in the US and has since sold over 708000 copies nationwide.
 As Far as Siam is the second studio album by the Canadian rock band Red Rider. The album was recorded at Sunset Sound in Los Angeles and released by Capitol Records in 1981.The album reached #65 on Billboard's Pop Albums chart in 1981. The single What Have You Got to do (To Get Off Tonight) peaked at #16 on the Canadian charts.
 The jazz big band album Hiroshima - Rising From The Abyss is the eighth audio recording released by the Toshiko Akiyoshi Jazz Orchestra featuring Lew Tabackin. It was released in 2001 by Video Arts Music in Japan and True Life in the USA. Tracks 2-7 form the Hiroshima - Rising From The Abyss Suite.
 Red Dick's Potatoe Garden is the first album by Emil Bulls released independently in 1997.
 Legacy of Dissolution is a tribute album featuring remixes of tracks by Earth.
 Ten Rapid (Collected Recordings 1996–1997) is a compilation album by Scottish post-rock group Mogwai released in various countries in 1997.
 Strictly Physical is the second studio album by all-female German pop trio Monrose. It was released by Starwatch Music in association with Warner Music Group on September 21 2007 in German-speaking Europe and on October 8 2007 in parts of Eastern Europe.
 Love Me for a Reason - The Collection is the seventh compilation album by Boyzone. It was released on 17 February 2014.
 Day Of Reckoning is the second album by the Boston based metalcore music band Diecast. The album was released on February 13 2001 via Now or Never Records.
 Tin Machine Live: Oy Vey Baby is a live album by Tin Machine originally released by London Records in 1992. It was to be the group's last release and was recorded on the 1991–1992 It's My Life Tour. The title suggested by Hunt Sales was intended as a play on U2's album Achtung Baby.The album attracted hugely negative reviews and failed to chart in the UK or the US.
 Everybody Get Shot is the second album by Caramel Jack. It was released in 1999. The tracks King Solomon and Bring The Mountain are featured on the soundtrack of the 2006 film We've Got The Toaster.
 Throwing Copper is the second album by American alternative rock band Live released on April 19 1994 on former MCA Records subsidiary Radioactive Records. It was produced by Jerry Harrison of Talking Heads and was recorded at Pachyderm Recording Studio. To date the album has sold over eight million copies in the United States.
 The Very Best of Nina Hagen is a greatest hits collection from Nina Hagen released in 1990.
 The Red Room Sessions is the first extended play by UK-based pop act Shakespears Sister released in March 2011 exclusively through on digital format through their website. The six-track EP consists of demos and alternate versions of songs from their album Songs from the Red Room and an original song Ned which was later included on Cosmic Dancer.
 Zebra IV is the fourth album by American hard rock trio Zebra. It was released on 8 July 2003 some 20 years after their 1983 debut album and 17 years after their last studio effort 3.V from 1986.
 Toshinobu Kubota Greatest Hits is the third series of greatest hits compilations by Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota. The album was only released in 1998 in Hong Kong on the Sony Music Entertainment Hong Kong recording label.
 Acoustic Roots: Live & Direct is a live album by the band Slightly Stoopid that was released by Cornerstone RAS in 2004. The album was recorded in 2001 and features Kyle and Miles on guitars and both leading and background vocals. This album was recorded in one take.
 Furious is the only album by the supergroup Soopa Villainz released in 2005. The album peaked at #9 on the Billboard Top Independent Albums chart #42 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and #92 on the Billboard 200.
 For Sentimental Reasons is a million-selling Platinum-certified album by American singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt released in late 1986. The album peaked at #46 on Billboard's main album chart - although it lasted over 6 months on the list of 200 albums - as well as #3 on the Top Jazz Albums chart. It was the third consecutive Platinum-certified collaboration between Ronstadt and bandleader/arranger Nelson Riddle and Ronstadt's eleventh million-selling Platinum album overall.
 Third Eye is a studio album by Monsoon.
 Bread and Circuses is the third studio album by The View. It was recorded with producer Youth in 2010. In late 2010 the band went on an expansive tour of the UK in support of the album.
 The Sammy Davis Jr. Show is a 1966 studio album by Sammy Davis Jr. released to coincide with his television show of the same name.The album is collated from five studio sessions from 1961-1966 We Open in Venice had previously appeared on Reprise Musical Repertory Theatre (1963).
 Rattlin' Bones is the first collaboration album between the Australian country singer Kasey Chambers and the Australian singer Shane Nicholson released by Liberation Music in Australia on 21 April 2008 (see 2008 in music).Chambers said that co-writing was something she always wanted to do but never felt comfortable with until this record because there was no pressure in recording it.
 2nd Avenue is No Justice's third studio album and fourth overall. It was released on July 6 2010 and features the third different band lineup.
 Nigerian Marketplace is a 1981 live album by Oscar Peterson accompanied by Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen recorded at the 1981 Montreux Jazz Festival.
 On August 29 2006 Hello Echo by Maxeen was made available on music downloading services iTunes and Rhapsody. While the album was never released to stores fans of the band could purchase a hard copy of the album during their 2006 fall tour with Sugarcult or through the Warner Bros. Records online store which was a limited tour edition.
 Worst Case Scenario is the first album by Belgian alternative rock band Deus released in 1994. The cover art was designed by guitarist Rudy Trouvé. It contains the single Suds & Soda which became an underground hit and a fans favorite.The album was first released in Belgium on the indie label Bang! with a different track listing: Right as Rain and Great American Nude (both tracks present on the Zea EP released in Belgium in 1993) are replaced by the song Let Go.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End Remixes is an EP released in 2007 which features remixes by Paul Oakenfold and other DJs of the track Jack Sparrow composed by Hans Zimmer for the Disney film Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End.
 Pieces of Dreams is an album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine his first recorded for the Fantasy label after associations with Blue Note Records and CTI featuring performances by Turrentine with an orchestra arranged and conducted by Gene Page. The CD rerelease added three additional tracks.
 Polka! All Night Long is an album by Jimmy Sturr released through Rounder Records in 1996. In 1997 the album won Sturr the Grammy Award for Best Polka Album.
 The Great Awakening is the fourth studio album from the Christian rock band Leeland released on September 20 2011. The Great Awakening received a nomination to the 54th Grammy Awards for Best Contemporary Christian Music Album.
 Nephew Tommy's Prank Phone Calls: Volume 1 is the debut album by comedian Nephew Tommy. It features some of his most famous prank phone calls requested by fans.
 At the End of a Perfect Day is singer Chris de Burgh's third original album released in 1977.
 'The Masterwork' Award Winning Fish-Knife is a 1979 performance sculpture by Paul Richards and Bruce McLean with music by Michael Nyman. The companion album is the second release by Michael Nyman and the first release including the Michael Nyman Band.
 Falcon is the second album from Manchester band The Courteeners. It was officially available for pre-order on 7 December 2009 however it appeared on recordstore.co.uk on 5 December and was released on 22 February 2010. Since release the album has garnered mixed reviews from many critics but several major music publications such as NME and Mojo have given the album highly positive reviews.The album has also been noted as a much more polished and ambitious album than their debut St. Jude.
 The Ghost of Tom Joad is the eleventh studio album by American recording artist Bruce Springsteen. The album was released on November 21 1995 through Columbia Records. The album was recorded and mixed at Thrill Hill West Springsteen's home studio in Los Angeles CA.Following the 1995 studio reunion with the E Street Band and the release of Greatest Hits Springsteen's writing activity increased significantly. He wrote and recorded the album between March and September 1995.
 Bridge Across Forever is the second studio album of progressive rock supergroup Transatlantic released in 2001. For this album the band attempted to balance each member's contributions more equally because of criticisms that their first album SMPT:e was too dominated by the style of vocalist Neal Morse. Like their first album Bridge Across Forever was well received by critics and progressive rock fans though it had little mainstream popularity.
 Den is an album by electronica group Kreidler released in 2012.
 Silence' is the second and final album by Facemob. It was released on November 19 2002 through Rap-a-Lot Records and peaked at 84 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Original member Devin the Dude did not participate on the album.
 Billboard Hot R&B Hits: 1984 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1995 featuring 10 hit rhythm and blues recordings from 1984.All tracks on the album were hits on Billboard's Hot Black Singles chart. In addition several of the songs were mainstream hits charting on the Billboard Hot 100 during 1984 and early 1985.
 Love Sensuality Devotion: The Greatest Hits is a 2001 multi-million selling greatest hits album by the musical project Enigma. The album along with Love Sensuality Devotion: The Remix Collection brings a close to Michael Cretu's first chapter of Enigma.
 Amazing Things is a 1993 album the eighth by Scottish Celtic rock band Runrig.Amazing Things was ranked the #3 best album of the 1990s in the music review column The War Against Silence by Glenn McDonald: The most life-affirming album ever made. Maybe the most life-affirming art work ever made.The cover features a close-up photo of the Hugh MacDiarmid Memorial near Langholm created by sculptor Jake Harvey.
 Close Your Eyes is the final full-length studio album by Glorium. It was recorded in singer's Paul Streckfus's attic in the summer of 1997. Only 40 CD's were ever made. Grant Barger (Palace Music The For Carnation) engineered.
 A Token of the Wreckage is the third studio album and fourth overall release by American independent singer Megan Slankard released on March 8 2011.
 I Love You is the second album by Desireless released in 1994.
 Shinwa (神話 Myth) is an EP released by Malice Mizer on February 1 2000. It is dedicated to the band's former drummer Kami who died in 1999. The music for tracks two and three were based on his compositions and arranged by the band.
 10¢ Billionaire is the sixth album released by the hard rock band BulletBoys. It was released in 2009 on Chavis Records.
 Julia Fordham is the debut album by English singer-songwriter Julia Fordham released in 1988. The album includes the Top 40 single Happy Ever After along with three further singles The Comfort of Strangers Woman of the 80's and Where Does the Time Go?.
 Perstechnique is the fourth studio album by the Finnish industrial metal band Turmion Kätilöt released on 23 February 2011. Before the album the single IHMISIXSIXSIX was released digitally.
 Sign Of Victory is the second album of the glam metal band Buster Brown. It is the only Buster Brown album to feature drummer James Kottak.After this album singer Johnny Edwards and drummer James Kottak were recruited by guitarist Ronnie Montrose into his band Montrose. They played on Montrose's Mean album.The song Dirty Girl resembles the Sweet Savage song Straight Through The Heart and to a lesser extent the Dio song Caught In The Middle.
 Superman is a compilation album by Australian rock and blues singer Alison MacCallum released in 1979. It features all her hits on RCA plus a few selections from her acclaimed debut album.
 Styropian – reedycja is the new version of Pidzama Porno's album previously released in 1998. Remastered and issued by SP Records it contains bonus tracks and a video clip to Do nieba wzieci. The band used the original magnetic tapes from the studio to recreate the sound from the start. The result is similar to an ear wash – more details can be heard. The sound was only modified nothing new was added.
 Soapbox Heroes is Enter the Haggis's 5th album. It was released on July 18 2006. Soapbox Heroes is the second album on their current label UFO Music (United for Opportunity) and was produced by Neil Dorfsman. It was widely greeted by fans and goes mostly under the genre of Celtic Rock.The album was recorded at The Clubhouse Studio in Rhinebeck NY and mixed at Saint Claire Recording Company in Lexington KY.
 B-Sides & Rarities is a compilation album by American alternative metal band CKY. Released on March 22 2011 the album is a collection of previously unreleased and out-of-print recordings recorded at various points since the band's formation. The album's release was supported by the release of the single Afterworld a song recorded in 2010 for the Jackass 3D soundtrack.
 Los Cuates de Chabelo (English The friends of Chabelo) is an album by various singers. Chabelo produced the project in which musicians as Daniela Romo Tania Libertad Kabah and Celia Cruz honour Chabelo's work.
 Short Circuit II is a concept album by Japanese music production unit I've Sound released on June 22 2007. It is the second album in the Short Circuit series centering on their denpa songs. The album is made up of a compilation of songs from various adult PC games and three new originals. Kotoko and Kaori Utatsuki are the main vocalists of the album although there is one duet between Kotoko and Eiko Shimamiya.
 Shikisai Moment (色彩モーメント shikisai mōmento) is the first full-length studio album released by An Cafe on November 9 2005. The album peaked at No. 39 on the Japanese albums chart.
 What Mattered Most is the debut album of American country music artist Ty Herndon issued in 1995 on Epic Records. The album's title track which was Herndon's debut single reached #1 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts in mid-1995. Other singles from the album were in order I Want My Goodbye Back Heart Half Empty (a duet with Stephanie Bentley) and In Your Face.
 David's Album was a 1969 album by Joan Baez recorded in Nashville. It was Baez' eleventh album to date. It peaked at number 36 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.
 How Time Flys is a comedy album written by David Ossman and featuring the voice talents of all four members of The Firesign Theatre plus several other contributors. It was originally released by Columbia Records in 1973.
 Perfect Timing is the first album by the McAuley Schenker Group. It was the first collaboration between Michael Schenker and Robin McAuley (ex-Grand Prix and Far Corporation) resulting in Schenker's first top 100 US hit with the song Gimme Your Love.At this point the band featured an eclectic mix of musicians in terms of nationalities. McAuley hails from Ireland originally while Schenker and drummer Bodo Schopf are both from Germany.
 Surprisingly Cilla is the title of Cilla Black's twelfth solo studio album. It was a spin-off from her television series Surprise Surprise and the opening track is the show's theme tune. The album includes several re-recordings of Black's hit singles originally recorded in the 1960s. The album was conceived primarily as an attempt to capatilise on the success of the television series which had drawn high ratings for ITV.
 Pieces of April is the soundtrack to the film of the same name. Written by Stephin Merritt and performed by his various bands it was released on November 4 2003 on Nonesuch Records. Three of the songs were previously released on The Magnetic Fields' 69 Love Songs and As You Turn to Go and You You You You You were previously seen on The 6ths' album Hyacinths and Thistles.
 Derdang Derdang is the second full-length album by London-based band Archie Bronson Outfit. It was released on 3 April 2006.
 Outer Isolation is the second full-length album recorded by the thrash metal band Vektor. It was released in 2011.
 Natural Timbre is an instrumental album released by Steve Howe in 2001. Steve uses only acoustic guitars (including mandolin banjo etc.). While some tracks feature only guitars others have his son Dylan Howe on drums and Anna Palm on violin.The last three tracks are instrumental versions of songs from Yes.
 Wild-Eyed Southern Boys is the fourth studio album by the southern rock band 38 Special released in 1981.
 Flattery Not Included is the debut album of Mr. B The Gentleman Rhymer the chap hop musician and satirist. It introduces Mr. B's notion of chap hop a form of hip hop performed in the King's English with banjolele accompaniment and chappist lyrical themes concerning nostalgia for Edwardian life (or an idealised version of it) notably cricket pipe-smoking and sherry. Other songs focus on hip hop culture and the relations between it and chappism as practised by Mr. B.
 Reaching Fourth is the second album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner which was released on the Impulse! label in 1963. It features performances by Tyner with Henry Grimes and Roy Haynes. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states that the album although not as intense as his work with the John Coltrane Quartet is generally memorable and still sounds quite viable 35 years later.
 Kora is an album by New Zealand band Kora released in 2007. A fusion of bass-heavy electronic style reggae incorporating elements of metal rock and funk.
 Undun is the tenth studio album by American hip hop band The Roots released on December 2 2011 by Def Jam Recordings. Recording sessions for the album took place at several recording locations in Philadelphia and New York City. Production was handled primarily by Questlove record producer and drummer for the band.Undun incorporates neo soul and indie music elements.
 Too Late to Turn Back Now is the title of a 1977 album by the progressive bluegrass band New Grass Revival on the Flying Fish label. It was their first live album and was recorded at the Telluride Bluegrass Festival.
 Med vidöppna fönster (With wide open windows) is the 18th studio album by studio album by Swedish singer/songwriter Tomas Ledin released in March 2004.
 Distant Sense of Random Menace is the debut album from Australian hip-hop artist Urthboy. It was released on 9 August 2004.The album was features the production of Elgusto (Hermitude) Count Bounce (TZU) and The Herd. An extended 12” vinyl was also released featuring an exclusive remix by Hermitude.
 Alabama Chicken is an album by Sean Hayes. It was released in 2003.
 Declaration is the first official studio album from The Alarm. It was released in 1984 by IRS Records. The album was released initially on vinyl and cassette. As technology improved a CD version was released on 24 October 1990. An extended re-master version was released including extra tracks.
 White Christmas is the fifth album and an album of covers of famous Christmas songs by country singer Martina McBride on the RCA label in 1998. The album was re-released in 1999 with new artwork and two new tracks. It was re-released for the second time in October 2007 with newer artwork and four new tracks added. In 2013 it was re-released a third time as The Classic Christmas Album.
 Mighty Attack is a compilation album mostly of Hardcore Punk artists from USA and UK. It was originally released in 1999 in Japan as a 33 song CD. The album was compiled by Flavour Records.The American version was compiled and released in 1998.
 Pleased to Meet Me is the fifth studio album by the American rock band The Replacements released in 1987 by Sire Records. The album was acclaimed by music critics.
 Psyanotic Is the debut album of American actor Thomas Dekker. The album is currently available in digital format and can be found in sites like CDBaby Napster and iTunes.As he explained in an interview: The term Cyanotic is a scientific term for when there is an inadequate supply of oxygen to the blood. I changed the spelling to Psy as in psychology as a metaphor for a lack of thought in today's music.
 Legacy... Hymns and Faith is a 2002 (see 2002 in music) album by Christian singer-songwriter Amy Grant. It was her first overtly religious album since Lead Me On in 1988 and consists primarily of well-known hymns with a couple of original songs. Early pressings of the CD are in double disc format containing the music CD and a bonus DVD with a behind the scenes documentary in the studio recording the album.
 Tracie is the 1999 studio effort released from R&B singer Tracie Spencer. It was her first album in nine years on Capitol Records. The primary reason for the length of time between her studio albums was due to Capitol's constant changes. At the time the label went through several CEO's and eventually shut down their urban music division from 1996-1999.
 ...You is the second studio album by German pop singer Sasha released by Warner Music on May 2 2000 (see 2000 in music) in German-speaking Europe chiefly produced by Grant Michael B. and Pomez di Lorenzo.Following the Europe-wide breakthrough success of his debut album Dedicated to... ...You charted noticeably lower on most international territories.
 Beaks of Crows is an EP by Australian singer-songwriter Josh Pyke. It was released in 2007 on Ivy League Records. It features a live version of the song Fill You In recorded at the Wesley Anne in Northcote Melbourne.
 Hope For All The World EP is the twelfth main studio release and second Christmas album by CCM trio Phillips Craig and Dean. It was released on November 23 2010. It was the group's first EP however all songs from the EP were all later included in a full-length Christmas studio album with the same name along with brand new songs.
 Mr. Moonlight is the eighth studio album by American rock band Foreigner released in 1994. The album was the first full-length release with original singer Lou Gramm since 1987's Inside Information.
 Sons of Thunder is the third album by Italian power metal band Labyrinth. It is a concept album written about King Louis XIV's (also known as 'The Sun King') obsession with a woman named Kathryn. I Feel You is an English rendition of the famous Matia Bazar's song Ti Sento.
 Quarantine is the eleventh studio album from the group GRITS.
 Asphyx is the third album by Asphyx. It was released by Century Media Records in 1994.
 Backbones is a 2004 live compilation album released by Wishbone Ash. The album's third disc contains live and acoustic versions of previously unreleased material.
 Nixon Pryor Roundtree is the fifth studio album by American rapper Richie Rich. It was released July 20 2002 on Richie Rich's own label Ten-Six Records. The album was produced by Bosko DJ Daryl Lev Berlak and Ruffa. It features guest performances by Too Short PSD J Stalin and labelmates: The Replacement Killerz.
 The Greeting is a 1978 live album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner his thirteenth release on the Milestone label. It was recorded in March 1978 at the Great American Music Hall and features performances by Tyner with a sextet featuring George Adams Joe Ford Charles Fambrough Woody Sonship Theus and Guilherme Franco and a solo performance of John Coltrane's Naima. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow calls the album One of the better McCoy Tyner records on Milestone...
 About Love is the second album French female band the Plastiscines.About Love was recorded in LA in February 2009. It contains twelve tracks including the single Barcelona and Bitch and I Am Down which were featured in the episode They Shoot Humphreys Don't They? (Episode 9 of the Third Season) of Gossip Girl. Its highest chart position in France was 138th. It fell out in 179th place on the 22nd February 2010.
 Inside Out is the first studio album by Robert Pierre released on November 7 2006.
 Nitty Gritty Surround is the 2001 DVD-Video and DVD-Audio release by John McEuen & Jimmy Ibbotson. It consists of a live in studio recording. It was recorded November 17 2000 at the Historic Fox Theater Hanford California.Ibbotson is notable for writing singing and playing a variety of instruments on charting songs released by the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band.The DVD-Video can be viewed with an Audience mix or the Stage mix. The DVD-Audio side is Stage Mix.
 Ark 2 is the only album released by British rock group Flaming Youth. A concept album released in October 1969 the album featured the theme of an evacuation from a dying Earth. The main single from the album was From Now On. The album and its space theme were influenced by the media's attention to the moon landing.
 Dandy in the Underworld is the twelfth and final studio album and a UK-only release by British rock band T. Rex. It was released on 11 March 1977 and reached a chart peak in the UK of No. 26. It was the band's highest-charting album since 1974's Zinc Alloy and the Hidden Riders of Tomorrow. After three commercially weak albums Dandy in the Underworld was regarded by many T. Rex fans as a comeback for the band.
 Blood on the Wall is the debut 2003 album by Brooklyn-based indie rock band Blood on the Wall (see 2003 in music). Its music combines influences like My Bloody Valentine Pixies Sonic Youth and Pavement.
 Leaving Dramatics EP by Quietdrive was released on November 30 2003.
 Trauma is the seventh album by rapper/producer DJ Quik. It was released on 2005 and sold 100000 copies through his own independent label Mad Science Records. The album debuted at number forty three on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart with 24000 copies sold in its first-week. An all instrumental version of the album was also released.
 Supa Savage is the second mixtape by American rapper Lil Reese released on September 2 2013. The mixtape features guest appearances from Chief Keef Lil Durk Waka Flocka Flame Wale Johnny May Cash and Fredo Santana. It is hosted by Maybach Music Group's DJ Scream. There has been shot 4 music videos for the mixtape for the songs Relate Team Wassup and I Need That which all premiered on WorldStarHipHop as music videos.
 How to Start a Fire is the second album by the Pompano Beach Florida rock band Further Seems Forever released in 2003 by Tooth & Nail Records. It was the band's only album with vocalist Jason Gleason who had replaced original singer Chris Carrabba when the latter left the band to focus on his new project Dashboard Confessional. Gleason would leave the band the following year due to interpersonal tensions and be replaced by former Sense Field singer Jon Bunch.
 The Battle is the first studio album by the band project Allen-Lande a collaboration between two acclaimed heavy metal vocalists: Russell Allen of Symphony X and Jørn Lande of Masterplan. It was released on 19 September 2005. It was performed composed and arranged by Swedish guitarist Magnus Karlsson (Starbreaker Last Tribe).
 Vrući dani i vrele noći (meaning in Serbo-Croat: Hot days and scorching nights) was a compilation album released by Jugoton in 1982 in the former SFR Yugoslavia.It included eminent former Yugoslav pop and rock artists mostly from the new wave scene in Yugoslavia.
 Tremulant is the debut EP release by progressive rock band The Mars Volta released on April 2 2002 on Gold Standard Labs. Produced by Alex Newport the EP marks the only appearance of founding bassist Eva Gardner.
 The Laws of Scourge is the second studio album by the Brazilian extreme metal band Sarcófago. This is when the band's satanic lyrics and imagery toned down in favor of a more realistic style of writing. For example Midnight Queen is about a prostitute while Screeches From The Silence is about living life in the fast lane. The lyrical content has shifted as well from satanically-inspired imagery to ideas that are more death metal related.
 Live at Tin Angel is the second self-published album by American singer-songwriter Susan Werner released in 1993 (see 1993 in music).
 Stockholm Sojourn is an album by the International Jazz Orchestra directed by Benny Golson which was recorded in Sweden in 1964 and originally released on the Prestige label.
 Satanische Pferde [Satanic horses] is the third live album by Die Ärzte and featured leftover songs from Wir wollen nur deine Seele. It was only available to the fan club members. The name is a pun on The Satanic Verses (Satanische Verse).A download single Zu spät (live) was available on 24 December 1999 as a teaser for the album.
 Livin' in Exile is the third studio album by Blood for Blood and was released on July 13 1999. It features Motörhead's Ace Of Spades as an unlisted track.
 The Romance of Kenny G is the fourth compilation album by saxophonist Kenny G. It was released by Arista Records in 2004.
 I Think I See Myself On CCTV is the fifth studio album by the Serbian alternative rock band Disciplina Kičme but the first to be released by the London version of the band working under an alternative band name Disciplin A Kitschme. The album was released by the Tom Tom Music for former Yugoslavia and Babaroga records for the United Kingdom the latter label was founded by the band themselves and all the UK albums were released through the label.
 Cardio-Vascular is an EP by British dance-punk band Youves. It was released in the spring of 2009 through Holy Roar Records. The album features mostley newly written material which was written between 2008 and 2009 as the band was going through a member change and a name change; this being their first release under the name 'Youves'. The album has been released on compact disc and digital download.
 Do Right Daddy is an album by Gene Summers. It was recorded at Enviken Studios Enviken Sweden on August 5 2002. The back-up band included Ulf Back Jonas Olpers Patrik Staffansson Riley McOwen Lars Sodervall Ulf Torstensson and Henrik Eriksson. Two of the tracks on this album Little Lu Ann and Boogie Rock were written by James McClung who also composed School Of Rock 'n Roll Alabama Shake and Fancy Dan for Summers in the 1950s.
 Supastars is the debut album by Indian pop-rock band SQS Supastars released December 19 2010 on Times Music. Recording sessions for the album took place during September to October 2010 at Kailasa Studios. It was mixed by Kurt Kurre Westling except Behka by Thomas Sardorf & Janus barnewitz.The first single to be lifted from the album was Hawa Hawa Video on YouTube.
 Perry Como was Perry Como's 26th RCA Victor 12 long-play album and the 23rd recorded in full living stereophonic sound.
 A Different Beat is the second studio album released by Irish boy band Boyzone.
 The Remixes is a 2000 release compilation album featuring 12 tracks by The Stone Roses remixed by various artists such as Utah Saints and Paul Oakenfold.
 Live at Knebworth also known as Live Summer 2003 with different cover text is a live album by English pop singer Robbie Williams recorded and released in 2003. The album is his first live album and is a compilation of songs performed during three consecutive shows at Knebworth England.The three shows attracted a total of 375000 fans. It is the second the fastest and biggest selling live album ever in the United Kingdom behind William's former band Take That's live album The Greatest Day.
 Now is the 12th studio album released by Peter Frampton through 33rd Street Records.
 Slow Down is the fourth studio album by the blues performer Keb' Mo' released in August 1998. In 1999 Slow Down won Keb' Mo' his second Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Blues Album. The album includes the song Rainmaker which shares its title with the album Rainmaker made by Keb' Mo' under his birth name Kevin Moore.
 Collector's Series is a 1985 compilation album by country singer Willie Nelson.
 Lonestar is the self-titled debut album from the American country music band Lonestar. Released in 1995 on BNA Records (see 1995 in country music) it features five singles: Tequila Talkin' No News Runnin' Away With My Heart Heartbroke Every Day and When Cowboys Didn't Dance of which No News was a Number One hit on the Billboard country charts. The album has been certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipping 500000 copies in the United States.
 The Whole Love is the eighth album by American alternative rock group Wilco released on September 27 2011. It is their first album on their own label dBpm. Attendees at Wilco's 2011 Solid Sound Festival at the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art from June 24 to 26 could purchase the first single from the album I Might. The entire album was streamed live on Wilco's official website for 24 hours between September 3 and 4 2011 and later streamed on National Public Radio.
 Alive and Transported is a live album by Christian hip hop artist tobyMac. It was released on May 27 2008 and debuted at No. 112 on the Billboard 200 and also placed at No. 4 on Billboard's Top Christian Albums chart. It is currently sold as a CD/DVD combo (audio tracks on the CD and videos of the live show along with other special features on the DVD). The live show recorded for the album was also played on Monday June 9 2008 in movie theaters. The film was filmed at the Richard E.
 Aquí (Here) is the title of the debut studio album by Mexican singer-songwriter Julieta Venegas released on March 24 1997. It was well received by the public. The two singles released were De Mis Pasos and Cómo Sé.
 Sono un pirata sono un signore (I am a pirate I am a gentleman) is a 1978 album by Julio Iglesias. The album his first in Italianwas particularly successful in Italy and marked the start of major success for the Spanish singer in Italy.
 Royal Albert Hall London May 2-3-5-6 2005 is a live album by the English rock band Cream recorded at the Royal Albert Hall in 2005 during the band's reunion tour. As the title implies the recording includes songs from their four reunion shows on 2 3 5 and 6 May 2005.Within five months of these performances this collection of recordings was released as separate double Compact Disc and double DVD sets.
 No. 5 (Number 5) is the fifth album from the J-pop idol group Morning Musume released on March 26 2003.
 Silver Town is the fourth studio album by The Men They Couldn't Hang. It was released in 1989 under the Silvertone label and recorded at Woodcray Manor Studios in Berkshire. There were three singles released from the album A Place in the Sun Rain Steam & Speed and A Map of Morocco. Rosettes was originally earmarked as a single but was cancelled due to the Hillsborough disaster as the songs lyrical content centred around the football hooligan culture at the time.
 The Smojphace EP is a 2003 EP by electronic music artist Richard D. James under one of his commonly known aliases AFX. The EP was released through MEN Records a Rephlex Records sublabel.Smojphace's first track is a remix of Run The Place Red a track produced by The Bug with vocals by Daddy Freddy. The remix is done in a ragga-step style with harsh drum and bass before disintegrating into static noise near the end of the track.
 Superheroes is an EP by the German power metal band Edguy released in 2005. Michael Kiske of Helloween has a guest appearance. On this EP the band has moved away from the sound they had developed on their previous album Hellfire Club. The songs on Superheroes are much less akin to the band's native style of power metal but tends towards the direction of hard rock.In addition to the title track which also appears on the band's 2006 album Rocket Ride the EP includes 5 other tracks.
 Sleep Dirt is an album by Frank Zappa released on January 19 1979 on his own DiscReet Records label. It reached #175 on the Billboard 200 album chart.The album's creation was spurred by Warner Bros.' rejection of Zappa's Läther album. After demanding more albums than Zappa was contractually obliged to provide and reediting the live album Zappa in New York a lawsuit ensued during which Studio Tan Sleep Dirt and Orchestral Favorites were issued without Zappa's permission.
 Baxter is the complete discography of the Chicago post-hardcore and art punk band Baxter spread out over two CDs. It compiles all of their work from (the Troy's Bucket cassette and the Lost Voices... EP) as well as several unreleased demos. It was released in 2003 on Will Not Clear Man Records.Tracks 1-11 originally appear on Troy's Bucket Track 12 was released on the MoreThan Music compilation by LHR Track's 14 and 15 were originally on Lost Voices...
 The Q-music Sessions is a special Within Temptation cover album in which consists of eleven covers made by the band for the Belgian radio station Q-music in celebration of their fifteenth anniversary. Due to the positive reactions from fans and the radio audience the band decided to release a special album containing eleven of the fifteen covers made.
 Mark Heard is the title of the first solo album by Mark Heard originally released in 1975 and re-released as On Turning to Dust on both AB Records and Solid Rock Records in 1978.A limited edition CDR reissue of the original Mark Heard album was released to fans in 1998 through Fingerprint Records.
 Inner Space is a compilation album of Chick Corea music released by Atlantic Records in 1973. The album contains all 4 tracks from Corea's 1967 debut album Tones for Joan's Bones as well as 2 previously unreleased tracks from the same recording session and 2 tracks recorded later.
 A Firesign Chat with Papoon is a promo album recorded by Phil Proctor and Peter Bergman and released under the name of The Firesign Theatre on Columbia Records. It was released in 1972 and includes material that was recorded during the 1972 United States presidential election.
 Please Come Home... Mr. Bulbous is the eighth album by heavy metal/hard rock trio King's X released in 2000.
 Nuspirit Helsinki is the self-titled debut from Nuspirit Helsinki.
 Absolute Ego is the fourth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Aco released on December 15 1999.Absolute Ego incorporates Aco's signature soul sound with the leanings of the more experimental electronic style she adopts for her next two studio albums.Track 5 is a cover of the song Black Maybe written by Stevie Wonder and performed by Syreeta.
 Resurrection is a demo album by American death metal band Possessed. The album contains a rehearsal from 1984 and a song by Jeff Becerra's new band Side Effect. There were only 500 copies of the album available that were recorded on 10 vinyl.
 Fuse Box was an AC/DC tribute album released in Australia in 1995 by BMG. The album compiled a selection of the country's more prominent alternative rock artists from the period. Most of these songs only appear on this album with the exception of Ed Kuepper's Highway to Hell which he also recorded for his album A King in the Kindness Room. A live version of Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap was included on Nitocris' 1995 Epic Voyage EP.
 The Hellenic Terror is the third album from French death metal band Kronos. Released in Europe on April 1 2007. The album leaked on March 30 2007.
 Video is the first album by French DJ Pakito. It's a dancefloor album with big electro sounds.
 III is the third album by Christian alternative group Family Force 5 released on October 18 2011. The song Not Alone charted at No. 47 on the Hot Christian Songs. The next single Get On Outta Here was free for several days before paid release[citation needed] where it charted at No. 27 on iTunes Rock chart.[citation needed] Wobble charted at No. 20 on the Alternative charts for a week.[citation needed] Paycheck was the final single from the album but did not chart.
 Kiss Me Before the Light Changes is the eleventh studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts. It was the second of two albums released by the group in 1995.
 Live is the second album of Polish punk rock band Włochaty. The album had been released by MegaCzad label without permission of the band. It included songs recorded during 1993 Jarocin Festival.
 If Mountains Could Sing is an album by guitarist Terje Rypdal recorded in 1994 and released on the ECM label.
 Blood Red Cherry is an album by Canadian singer/songwriter Jann Arden released in 2000 (see 2000 in music).
 free love is a Cantopop album by hocc (Denise Ho). The limited and normal edition were released on September 28 2002 and October 23 2002 respectively.[1]This is the first album of hocc. Compare with the older two EP of her this album has a totally different style. The songs are of less rock elements but more cantopop alike. You may also regard this cd as her experimental release which aims at seeking a point she can have her own style while satisfying the Hong Kong pop song market.
 Hollow Earth is the debut album of Soma released on December 15 1994 through Extreme Records.
 If You Didn't Laugh You'd Cry is an album by Marah released on Yep Roc Records in the United States and Munich Records in Europe on October 18 2005.Marah during yet another period of personnel transition (a constant theme over the career of mercurial band leaders Dave and Serge Bielanko) recorded the majority of IYDLYC over nine studio days at The Magic Shop recording studio in New York City.
 Suburban Rock 'N' Roll is the third (fourth if you count the unreleased Love You More than Football) studio album by Space released on 8 March 2004. It is their first proper album release since 1998's Tin Planet.
 A Curious Feeling is the début solo album from Genesis keyboardist Tony Banks.
 No Guru No Method No Teacher is the sixteenth studio album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison released in 1986 on Mercury.Biographer Clinton Heylin referred to this album by Morrison as His most consummate record since Wavelength and his most intriguingly involved since Astral Weeks this is bursting to saturation point Morrison at this most mystical magical best.Upon release in 1986 it charted at number twenty-seven in the UK and number seventy on the Billboard 200.
 Come Thou Fount of Every Blessing is a religious album released by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. It reached number one on the Billboard Top Classical Crossover Album chart. The album includes two solos by Alex Boye.
 Bee Gees Gold was a compilation album released in America and Japan only (was also released in the UK) that focused on the early hits of the Bee Gees. Labeled as Volume 1 it featured their U.S. Top 20 hits between 1967 and 1972 (plus I Can't See Nobody an album cut from Bee Gees 1st). The album was intended to replace the two previous hits compilations Best of Bee Gees and Best of Bee Gees Volume 2.
 Pray for Mojo is the fourth album by Mustard Plug. The title comes from an episode (Girly Edition) of The Simpsons wherein Homer buys a pet helper-monkey named Mojo whom he anticipates will do all his chores for him.[citation needed] After he introduces Mojo to fatty foods the monkey's cholesterol shoots up leaving him near death. Homer leaves him at the shop doorway and runs away.
 Axxess & Ace is the third regular album by Songs: Ohia. It was recorded by Michael Krassner at Truckstop Studios in Chicago Illinois USA and released by Secretly Canadian on March 15 1999.
 Monologue of Love sometimes called Monologue about Love[citation needed] is the studio album by Soviet singer Sofia Rotaru released in 1987 by Melodiya. The long play album was simultaneously released for the Soviet and international market. The album includes songs performed in Russian with new rock style arrangements by leading Soviet pop and rock bands: Vesyolye Rebyata Forum Chervona Ruta. This album is a soundtrack album to the movie Monologue of Love released in 1986.
 Skor-Piony (Russian: Sкор-Пионы;Scorpions or Scor-Peonies) is Linda's seventh studio album (sixteenth overall) released in Russia on March 28 2006. Skor-Piony was the second album to be recorded with legendary Greek producer Stefanos Korkolis. The album presents an overall harder and more varied sound than the previous AleAda.The title Skor-Piony is a word play in Russian that translates to Scor-Peonies a blend of scorpion and peonies.
 SRH Presents: Supporting Radical Habits is the fifth official compilation album by Suburban Noize Records released on October 25 2005. This album is a CD/DVD set that includes popular names of the label such as the Kottonmouth Kings Judge D and Big B along with others. The DVD features footage of Kottonmouth Kings and the Subnoize family in Japan motocross riders Manley and Morrison(Scummy) speaking on their thoughts motocross riders Grant Teal and Jeremy Lusk plus more of the SRH team.
 Mélodie Citronique is an EP by Blonde Redhead. The majority of the album is sung in French and Italian. Tracks #1 #2 and #5 are alternative versions of songs which appear on the album 'Melody of Certain Damaged Lemons'.
 Devil's Elbow is a 1972 album by Doug Kershaw.
 Phallus Dei was the first album by German band Amon Düül II. The Latin title translates into English as God's Penis. The album was the result of the Amon Düül commune in Munich splitting. The album features layered guitars abstract percussion and chant-like vocals.
 Feeling Strangely Fine is the second studio album by American alternative rock band Semisonic. It is the follow up to the band's debut album Great Divide recorded at Seedy Underbelly Studio Minneapolis Minnesota. The band had over 60 new songs in mind as they went into the recording process and had three specific requirements when they decided they wanted to record a new album.
 Matt Aragon is the sixth full length album from San Diegan punk band Dogwood.
 #1 Suspect is the debut album by Memphis gangsta rapper Gangsta Pat released on Atlantic records during the early months of 91'.
 Different Styles is Ranking Stone's second Reggaeton album released in 1995.
 Flying Again is an album by the country rock group The Flying Burrito Brothers released in 1975.After Gram Parsons' death in 1973 posthumous interest in his music grew. This interest caused the band's original label A&M Records to release the compilation album Close Up the Honky-Tonks.
 Live a Little is an album by Pernice Brothers released in 2006.
 Friends for Life is the seventh studio album by dancehall reggae artist Buju Banton released in 2003 (see 2003 in music).
 Chi-Lites is the self-titled sixth studio album by American soul group The Chi-Lites produced and largely written by lead singer Eugene Record. The album was released in 1973 on the Brunswick label.
 Throat Full of Glass is an EP by aggrotech band Combichrist. It's the second track to be released from the 2010 album Making Monsters
 Mientras Más Lo Pienso...Tú is the third album by Juan Luis Guerra and it was the one that converted him into a national star and created a fan base for him outside the Dominican Republic[citation needed].
 Live In Brooklyn is an extended play by American rapper Jay-Z released on October 11 2012 through record labels Roc Nation and Atlantic Records. The EP was released as digital download and was available to pre-order on October 7 2012 via the iTunes Store.
 Kill Pop: Scream til It Hurts is a compilation album of various artists that features alternative post hardcore bands. The album also comes with a DVD. The album was released on July 7 2007 in Australia by Universal Music.
 Sonny & Cher's Greatest Hits is the second compilation album by American pop duo Sonny & Cher released in 1968 by Atlantic/Atco Records.
 Colour Green is the debut album by actress and singer-songwriter Sibylle Baier. It was originally recorded between 1970 and 1973 but was not released until 2006.
 Yellow Hedgerow Dreamscape is a compilation album by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree (at that time a pseudonym for private solo projects by Steven Wilson but later a fully fledged band in its own right). It is a compilation of the band's initial three tapes Tarquin's Seaweed Farm Love Death & Mussolini and The Nostalgia Factory.
 Roustabout is the twenty-first album by Elvis Presley released on RCA Victor Records in mono and stereo LPM/LSP 2999 in October 1964. It was a soundtrack to the film of the same name. Recording sessions took place at Radio Recorders in Hollywood California on March 2 and 3 and April 29 1964. It peaked at number one on the Billboard Top Pop Albums chart. It was certified Gold on May 20 1988 by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 Come Reap is the first EP by Dutch occult-themed rock group The Devil's Blood. It was released in Europe on November 18 2008 through Profound Lore Records and VÁN Records.
 Libido Speedway is the first album made by Orbit to be released on a major record label. It was released in 1997 on A&M Records.
 Mandrill is the debut album by Brooklyn New York based band Mandrill released in 1971. The album peaked at number twenty-seven on the Billboard R&B albums chart.
 Ian Anderson Plays the Orchestral Jethro Tull is a live album and DVD by Jethro Tull frontmanIan Anderson featuring the Neue Philharmonie Frankfurt conducted by John O'Hara. The DVD was recorded at the Rosengarten in Mannheim on 8 December 2004.The concert was part of a series of the same name. Anderson O'Hara and the orchestra toured Europe and the United States throughout 2004 and 2006.
 Emotions is the fourth studio album by American pop and country artist Brenda Lee. The album was released April 3 1961 on Decca Records and was produced by Owen Bradley. It was one of two studio albums released by Lee in 1961 and its title track spawned from the album became a Top 10 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 the same year.
 Strange Cargo III is the fourth album by electronic instrumentalist William Orbit. It is the third in a series of similarly titled albums: Strange Cargo (album) Strange Cargo II and Strange Cargo Hinterland.The album was performed produced and mixed by William Orbit at Guerilla Studios London. Mark Rutherford and Sugar J co-performed Deus Ex Machina with William Orbit with Rutherford also co-writing the song.
 Zombie Terrorist is the first full length album by Partyline released on October 24 2006 on Retard Disco.
 Nati per Subire is the seventh album by the Italian band Zen Circus released in 2011 by La Tempesta Dischi.
 Network is the sixteenth studio album by Canadian rock band Saga released in the fall of 2004. The record appears to be a partial concept album about television; the opening number is entitled On The Air and it features songs like Keep It Reel and Live At Five which make references to television programming.
 Three Songs on a Trip to the United States is the fourth album by the experimental rock band Red Krayola released in 1983 through Pure Freude. The album was adopted by Drag City a re-issued on CD in 1997.
 It's a Mystery is the fifteenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Seger released in 1995 (see 1995 in music).Despite hit singles and fan favorites such as Lock and Load Manhattan and Hands in the Air the album charted at #27 on The Billboard charts. This was Seger's lowest chart position since 1976's Live Bullet which charted at #34 on the Billboard 200.
 Il Testamento is the first solo album by Andrea Appino voice and guitar of the Italian band Zen Circus released in 2013 by La Tempesta Dischi.
 Folksy Nina is an album by singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone (1933–2003). It includes live tracks recorded on 12 May 1963 at Carnegie Hall. The previous album Nina Simone at Carnegie Hall (1963) uses songs from the same concert. It was released on Colpix Records.
 Elmo & the Orchestra is a CD by the cast of Sesame Street which won a Best Musical Album for Children Grammy in 2001.
 Gap Band IV is an album by The Gap Band released in 1982 on Total Experience Records. The album reached #1 on the Black Albums chart and #14 on the Pop Albums chart.
 Whatever I Say Means I Love You is the fifth studio album released by American country artist Donna Fargo. The album was released in July 1975 on Dot Records and was produced by Stan Silver. It was Fargo's final album for the Dot label and produced four singles between 1975 and 1976 that each charted on the Billboard country music chart.
 Sound of Christmas is an album of Christmas music by Ramsey Lewis' Trio featuring tracks recorded in 1961 and released on the Argo label.Lewis recorded a second seasonal album More Sounds of Christmas in 1964.
 Uncle Dog is a band that released an album and single in 1972.Members of Uncle Dog were: Carol Grimes - vocalsTerry Stannard - Drums / PercussionPhillip Crooks - guitarSam Mitchell - guitarJohn Porter - guitar bassDavid Skinner - keyboards vocals (ex-Twice as Much)John Pearson - drumsPearson played on 4 tracks and was replaced as a member by Terry Stannard who appears on the rest of the album.Guest musicians on the LP were Paul Kossoff guitar on We Got Time and John 'Rabbit' Bundrick (piano). 
 Deadly Lullabyes Live is a live album from King Diamond which was recording during The Puppet Master promotion tour. It spans two discs. The album features only recordings from the USA part of the tour.
 You Make Me Smile is an album by American flugelhornist Art Farmer's Quintet featuring saxophonist Clifford Jordan featuring performances recorded in 1981 and released on the Soul Note label.
 Sifar (Hindi: सिफ़र Urdu: صِفر‎) is an album by the Indian singer Lucky Ali. Sifar was his second album released by Sony music in 1998. Sifar is an Urdu and Hindi word meaning zero. The meaning implied by the singer is well represented by the CD insert in the album - Sifar - Containing nothing it encircles everything.Without a beginning without an end it stretches from emptiness to infinity and back again.
 Turning the Mind is the second album from Northampton-based band Maps released in 2009. So far three singles have been released from the album.
 Mesopotamia is an EP by new wave band The B-52s. It was produced by David Byrne of Talking Heads and was intended to be the band's third studio album. Due to conflicts with Byrne and record label pressure recording sessions were aborted prematurely and only six of ten songs to be completed were released as an EP. The record was distributed as a vinyl record by Warner Bros. in the US and by Island Records on both CD and vinyl in the UK and other non-US markets.
 Well To The Bone is a 2002 album by fusion / jazz guitarist Scott Henderson. It's his third solo-album again returning to his blues-roots.It features a re-recording of the Tribal Tech-song Rituals.
 To Be Continued is an album by guitarist Terje Rypdal bassist Miroslav Vitous and drummer Jack DeJohnette recorded in 1981 and released on the ECM label.
 By Heart is Brenda K. Starr's official second album (third overall) released in 1991 on Sony Records. It is considered her best English language album and one of her best moments overall. By Heart did not gain its fair commercial success because it did not get the same level of promotional push her debut album did. It continued from where her previous album left off.
 The Ballads Collection is a compilation album released by the funk/R&B group Cameo in 1998.
 Jintara Poonlarp 12 is a luk thung and mor lam album by the Thai singer Jintara Poonlarp. First released on the Grammy Entertainment label it was the 12th album in her first series of recordings and her 12th original album.
 The soundtrack to the film Rockers was released in 1979.
 Todavìa is an album by Italian singer Mina issued in 2007.The album features 13 songs in Spanish and one in Portuguese and includes seven duets with Latin-American Spanish and Italian stars.
 Everybody Out! was the first album released by Boston's punk band Everybody Out!. It was released in 2008.
 Rough Edges is the seventh album and sixth studio album by Ben E. King. After not making any new albums for a few years King composed this album with Maxwell another subsidiary of Atlantic Records.The classic single Come Together appears on this album which was released in 1970. This would be the only full-length LP released on the Maxwell name with King transferring to Mandala in 1972.
 Bridges is a studio album by Australian classical guitarist John Williams released in 1979. The album contains many original arrangements by Stanley Myers including Cavatina (The Theme From 'The Deer Hunter') and includes covers of Bach compositions...
 Ultravox! is the first studio album from the band Ultravox! which at the time was properly eponymous before the band dropped the Neu!-inspired exclamation mark from their name.
 The Idols with Sid Vicious is a concert album of former Sex Pistols bassist Sid Vicious performing with The Idols; though recorded in September 1978 it wasn't released until 1993. Steve Dior provided a recording of this performance to the New Rose record label. It was originally released by the Fan Club division of New Rose. It was also released in Japan by Teichiku Records under license from New Rose.
 L'era del cinghiale bianco (Italian: The Era of the White Boar) is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Franco Battiato. It was released in 1979 by the label EMI Italiana. This album marks the return of Battiato to pop after a period in which he substantially produced experimental music (1972–1978). The title song's theme the white boar is inspired to an ancient Celtic myth.
 The Plan is the third Hillsong Music album in the Youth Alive series by the Hillsong Church.
 Sense and Sensibility is the original soundtrack of the 1995 film Sense and Sensibility starring Emma Thompson Hugh Grant Kate Winslet and Tom Wilkinson. The original score was composed by Patrick Doyle.The album was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Music - Original Dramatic Score (lost to the score of Il postino) and the BAFTA Award for Best Film Music.
 The Hits is the second compilation album and first greatest hits release by Italian singer Alexia released in 2000 and would be her final album released with Robyx and DWA. The album spans all her international singles from 1995 to 2000 with the sole new song being the lead single Ti Amo Ti Amo.
 Weather Systems released in 2003 is Andrew Bird's second solo album and his first after disbanding Bowl of Fire. Bird has said that the album was simply a side project during his four or five year recording of Andrew Bird & the Mysterious Production of Eggs.
 Pass It On is a 2008 album by the Dave Holland Sextet. The album features a re-worked and expanded version of the quintet. Long-standing collaborator Robin Eubanks is kept on. Dave Holland Big Band members Antonio Hart and Alex Sipiagin are also featured on this set. Rounding out the all-star rhythm section are Mulgrew Miller and Eric Harland. The resulting performance plays less like a reworked sextet than that of a very small big band.
 People Don't Stop Believin' is the title of an Ian McNabb album compiling demos B-sides and versions of songs from the recording sessions of Before All of This. It was predominantly on sale as a digital download rather than a physical album.
 Nawal 2002 is a 2002 album by the singer Nawal El Kuwaiti.
 Vertigo is the debut solo album guitarist by John 5. The album was also partly produced engineered and mixed by Billy Sherwood who also plays some lap steel and bass on the album. Other performers include Jay Schellen (drums) Kevin Savigar (co-writer keys programming engineer producer) Bourbon Bob Bartell (bass) Graham Ward (drums).
 Empire is the seventh studio album by New York hardcore punk band Madball. Recorded in Florida during the Summer 2010 and entirely produced by Erik Rutan it was released on October 10 2010.
 Pranzo Oltranzista is Mike Patton's second solo project. It is subtitled Musica da Tavola per Cinque (literally translated as Banquet Piece for Five Players) and is based on Futurist Cookbook by Filippo Tommaso Marinetti written in 1932. Following the experimental Adult Themes for Voice it contains numerous tracks linked by culminary themes and best listened to as a unitary movement.
 Evolution is the second EP by the South Korean boy band Infinite. The song BTD (Before the Dawn) was used to promote the EP. They released the song Voice of My Heart on December 29 2010 as a teaser and the full EP was released a week after on January 6 2011.
 La Petite Mort (French for The Little Death is a metaphor for orgasm) is the seventh album by German rapper King Orgasmus One.
 Let It Come Down is James Iha's first solo album. It was released in 1998 during which Iha was still with The Smashing Pumpkins before the release of Adore.
 Poi E is an album released by New Zealand Māori culture group the Patea Maori Club. In 1984 the totally Maori language title track Poi-E topped the New Zealand Pop charts for four consecutive weeks and was that year's biggest selling single - outselling all international recording artists.Dalvanius Prime the album's producer and leader was known for merging the styles of traditional Maori show bands and more recent Maori hip-hop.
 Nocturnal Playground is the first album by the American guitarist Russ Freeman released in 1985 for the Brainchild label. After this album Russ Freeman formed and became the frontman for the Rippingtons.
 Signal to Noise is the first full-length album by The Rise.Released in stores on April 2 2002 the album combined electronic beats with post-hardcore music much like Refused did with their 1998 album the prophetically titled The Shape of Punk to Come.It was re-released in 2005 on ReIgnition Recordings.
 Sagarmatha is the seventh full-length album by Lawrence Kansas-based Indie Rock group the Appleseed Cast released on February 17 2009 by The Militia Group and Vagrant Records. The album was also released on double LP by Graveface Records; the vinyl version has an alternate tracklisting and one additional track.
 Armageddon Massive is the debut full length album from Californian ska band The Dingees. The album's sound moves between punk and ska and its lyrics focus on the frustrations of life.
 Fate for Breakfast is the fourth solo album by Art Garfunkel released in March 1979 on Columbia Records. It was his first album to miss the US Billboard Top 40 and his first album containing no US Top 40 singles. However the European release of the album does include a different version of the song Bright Eyes which was featured in the film version of the novel Watership Down and reached the number-one spot in the UK and became the biggest selling single of 1979 there.
 Electra 2000 is the second studio album by the Champaign Illinois post-hardcore band Hum. Originally released in 1993 by 12 Inch Records the first run was limited to 1000 copies had the band's name printed in black lettering. The album also included Monty Python Organ Grinder an instrumental Monty Python song included as a secret track. The second release contains the same track listing as the first but slightly different cover art with red lettering rather than black.
 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to Tim Burton's 2005 film of the same name. The score is composed by Danny Elfman who also provided vocals for the songs.
 White Deer Park is the second studio album by Australian rock band Papa vs Pretty and the follow up to their 2011 ARIA-nominated debut album United in Isolation. It was released on 21 February 2014 through Peace & Riot/EMI.The album was recorded at Studios 301 and Forgotten Valley Studios in Sydney Australia and at Kingsize Soundlabs in Silver Lake Los Angeles California throughout March and April 2013.
 Short Stories is a maxi-EP written and recorded in Belgium by San Francisco No Wave group Tuxedomoon. Side One features the song The Cage Side Two This Beast.
 Ut ur discot och in i verkligheten is the third album by hardcore band LOK released in 2002.
 Hoodlum Priest is the 3rd and possibly final album from UK Industrial and Trip Hop band Hoodlum Priest. This album features an Egyptian theme sampling various bits of Egyptian mythology and experiments with elements of Drum n Bass and Indian/African influenced music. This album also features vocals from former Gaye Bykers on Acid frontman Ian Hoxley (on this album called Mary Magdelyte).
 While You Were Sleeping is a compilation album by Canadian rapper Classified. It contains both old and unreleased tracks as well as demo tracks singles and a couple new tracks.
 In the Land of Hi-Fi with Georgie Auld and His Orchestra is an album by American jazz saxophonist and bandleader Georgie Auld featuring tracks recorded in 1955 and released on the EmArcy label.
 I Like to Riff was the first recording by the Minneapolis jazz vocal trio Rio Nido. The original LP was long out-of-print until re-released on CD in 2007 by the Japanese label Bittersweet America.
 On the Mouth is Superchunk's third studio album. It was recorded September 14-20 1992 at West Beach Studios engineered by Donnell Cameron and produced by John Reis and Superchunk. It was released by Matador Records in 1993.This album marked the debut of drummer Jon Wurster who replaced Chuck Chunk Garrison.The band also has a song called On The Mouth but it is not on this album.
 Time's Runnin' Out is the sixth album released by Brand Nubian. It was released on August 21 2007 on Traffic Entertainment and featured production from Grand Puba Lord Jamar DJ Alamo and Lord Finesse. The material on this album was actually recorded in 1997 and 1998 before Foundation as evidenced in several songs that mention 1997 and 1998.
 Modular Presents: Leave Them All Behind 2 is the 2007 double-disc follow-up to Modular Recordings' well-received 2005 dance-rock compilation Modular Presents: Leave Them All Behind. Similar to that compilation Disc 1 is mixed while Disc 2 is unmixed.
 Quiet Music 3 is a cassette album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach. It is the final edition of the Quiet Music cassette series.
 Pokreni se (English translation: Move Yourself) is an extended play (EP) by Bosnian rapper Frenkie. This is his first EP.
 Ei Jibon Nohoi Xuna Bondhu is an Assamese music album released on 5 February 2010.The album has 10 (ten) songs by popular singers like Alka Yagnik Kavita Krishnamurthy Pulak Banerjee Debojit Saha Luna Bharali Das Debajit Choudhury and Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Lil' Champs (2009) contestant Antara Nandy. Veteran Assamese film actor Pranjal Saikia has narrated the themes of each song. Lyrics are written by Dr.
 The World Outside is the second full length album by Tempe Arizona rock band Eyes Set to Kill. The album was released on June 2 2009. The album leaked on May 17. Craig Mabbitt has been confirmed to be a guest vocalist on the song Deadly Weapons. Alexia Rodriguez stated that this album is a lot darker.
 The Future of War is the follow-up album to Delete Yourself by Atari Teenage Riot. Faster and harder than their previous effort the album sees ATR's only female member at the time Hanin Elias providing vocals for a larger share of the songs.In May 2002 The Future of War was placed on the Bundesprüfstelle für jugendgefährdende Medien index in Germany meaning that it may not be advertised or sold to minors.
 Fear the Force is the fourth EP released by the Melodic Hard rock band Ten. The compact disc was officially released only in Asian markets.
 Lyijy is the sixth studio album from the Finnish gothic metal band Poisonblack. The title of the album means lead in English.
 The Long Voyage Home is a four-disc boxed set by Joe Cocker released in 1995 (see 1995 in music).
 The Hits is a remix album of recordings by Amii Stewart released in the United Kingdom in 1985. A double A-side single with the remixed versions of Knock On Wood and Light My Fire reached #7 on the UK charts followed by a re-issue of You Really Touched My Heart (#89). Stewart also re-recorded her 1981 duet My Guy/My Girl with American bassist and singer Deon Estus. The album and the remixes included have since been re-issued on a large number of mid-price compilations.
 The Best of Jean Shepard is a compilation album by the American country artist of the same name. The album was released in September of 1963 on Capitol Records. Due to the death of Shepard's husband Hawkshaw Hawkins in a plane crash earlier that year an official studio album was never issued. Instead Shepard's record label decided to compile her significant hits into one album of material.
 Recombo DNA is a collection of studio demos and unreleased tracks by the band Devo. It was released in 2000 by Rhino Handmade and limited to 5000 copies.Unlike the Hardcore Devo compilations which contained several demos from Devo's pre-record deal days this collection spans throughout much of their career with Warner Bros. Records and Enigma Records.
 From Q with Love is a two volume compilation album by Quincy Jones. It was released on February 9 1999 through Warner Bros. Records.
 Free Dirt is Died Pretty's first full-length album released in 1986 (see 1986 in music).
 New York Rock is an off-Broadway musical by Yoko Ono. It is a thinly veiled account of her life with John Lennon. The musical contains many songs from Ono's albums throughout the years as well as several new tracks Warzone and Where Do We Go from Here were reworked for inclusion on Rising.
 Arnel Pineda is the first studio album by vocalist Arnel Pineda several years before he became the lead singer of Journey (former lead singer of The Zoo). Released in 1999 on the Warner Bros. record label the album was a success in the Philippines where two singles achieved radio play: Iiyak Ka Rin and Sayang. The album was re-released on iTunes for download (catalog no. 398429923-4).
 Squatta's Paradise is the second extended play released by the American ska punk/anarcho punk band Choking Victim. The E.P. was recorded in April 1996 and released later that same year.Squatta's Paradise was later released in CD format in 2000 along with Crack Rock Steady as the Crack Rock Steady/Squatta's Paradise compilation.
 Greasy Truckers Live at Dingwalls Dance Hall is a 1974 live double album by various artists recorded at an October 1973 Greasy Truckers concert at the Dingwalls Dance Hall at Camden Lock in Camden Town London. The concert featured four bands Camel Henry Cow Global Village Trucking Company and Gong and was recorded on Virgin Records' Virgin Mobile.Notwithstanding its title not all the tracks on the album are from the Dingwells Dance Hall concert.
 No Way Down is the second EP by Swedish indie electronica band Air France. The album was met with critical acclaim Pitchfork Media awarded it with their Best New Music distinction.
 They Can't All Be Zingers is a greatest hits compilation album by Primus.
 Sagitario (English Sagittarius) is the 2nd studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel. It was released on 1986. Once again she participated in the OTI Festival with the song A tu Lado (By your side) which she achieved the 5th place.
 Cerca de Ti (Close to you) is the fourteenth album from Mexican pop music singer and actress Lucero. It was released on 1998 it has sold more than 600000 in Mexico so far.This is the fourth album recorded by the singer with mariachi and is produced once again by Rubén Fuentes. The sales were strong in Mexico reaching double-platinum status.
 Dragon Ball Z: Original USA Television Soundtrack is the first US domestic soundtrack from the anime Dragon Ball Z released in 1996.
 Mounqaliba (Arabic: منقلبة; English: In a State of Reversal) is a 2010 album by Belgian singer Natacha Atlas. Co-produced by Samy Bishai it was inspired by the poems of Indian poet Rabindranath Tagore. In addition to original works it also contains covers of Françoise Hardy and Nick Drake songs.
 If I Believe is the fourth studio album by Japanese recording artist Mai Kuraki. It was released on July 9 2003 only nine months after Fairy Tale.
 Donuts EP: J. Rocc's Picks is an EP released by Detroit producer/rapper J Dilla released by the Stones Throw label in 2006. The follow-up to his Donuts album this EP features tracks picked by J. Rocc a fellow producer on Stones Throw. The tracks on the EP are extended versions of the original tracks from Donuts with the exception of Signs which is not included on the original album.
 Varieté is a studio album by Marc Almond the English singer songwriter and recording artist. The album was released in June 2010 on Cherry Red Records. There were two versions issued: a single disc and a two disc limited edition.
 Kirk Franklin Presents: Songs For The Storm Vol. 1 is a compilation album by Kirk Franklin.
 Psychic Chasms is the critically acclaimed debut album of Neon Indian. The album was released on October 13 2009.Rhapsody called it the seventeenth best album of 2009.According to students at Pratt Institute the album artwork was done by a friend of Palomo's who attended the university and made the cover as part of a drawing class.[citation needed]
 Alterna is the fifth studio album by Japanese rock band Rize.
 Hispanic Soul is a rap album released by Puerto Rican singer Vico C.
 Sub-Basement is the fifth album by Pentagram. It was released in 2001 by Italian label Black Widow Records. Joe Hasselvander played all the instruments while Bobby Liebling provided all lead and backing vocals. The spine reads If Review Your Choices made you sick Sub-Basement will take you to the tomb!!! According to the documentary Last Days Here the title references vocalist Bobby Liebling's life of living in his parents sub-basement in Germantown Maryland.
 Dingly Dell is a 1972 album by English rock band Lindisfarne.
 Fortune and Men's Eyes is the debut album from Jennifer Hall and was released in 1987. The song Ice Cream Days also appears on the soundtrack of the film Bright Lights Big City.
 Ænigma is the third album by Norwegian progressive death metal band In Vain. It was released on March 11 2013 by Indie Recordings. The album was recorded at the Strand Studio in Kristiansand between September and December 2012. The album was mixed and mastered in Fascination Street Studios in Sweden.The album was met with more positive reviews than the bands previous album Mantra and have currently a rating of 4.5/5 stars on sputnikmusic.
 The Red and the Black is the first solo album by Jerry Harrison who rose to prominence as a member of The Modern Lovers and Talking Heads.
 Business Casual is the name of the fifth EP released by the indie rock band We Are Scientists. It was released on October 14 2013.
 A Night Out With Friends is a two disc live album by Richard Marx with the second disc being a DVD the second of his career. Accompanying the release of A Night Out With Friends the live performance video was broadcast on PBS' Front Row Center concert series episode 109 began airing on May 31 2012.
 Haywire is an album released by American country music artist Chris LeDoux. Overall it is his 26th album and his last under the Liberty banner before it was renamed Capitol Records. Honky Tonk World Tougher Than the Rest and Dallas Days and Fort Worth Nights were released as singles. The album peaked at #17 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 An album by Shadow Host released in 1999.
 Sun Red Sun is the self-titled debut album of the short-lived heavy metal group from the 1990s. It came two years after lead singer Ray Gillen died from AIDS-related complications.
 The Honeymoon Killers from Mars is the debut album of noise rock band The Honeymoon Killers released in 1984 through Fur Records.
 Screeching Weasel was the eponymously titled debut studio album by the American punk rock band Screeching Weasel. It was originally released with 27 tracks on September 10 1987 through Underdog Records and licensed to What Goes On Records for release in the United Kingdom. The album was reissued on CD by VML Records in 1997 after remaining out of print for a decade.
 Kitty Jay is a music album by Seth Lakeman published in 2004. It is his second album that he published as a principal performer. It was shortlisted for the Mercury Music Prize for 2005. All of these songs have been written and inspired by stories and legends from Dartmoor where Lakeman was brought up and still resides.
 Dream Corrosion is a 1994 live album by the British electronic musician Gary Numan. It was recorded under the 1992/1993 Machine + Soul tour at the London's Hammersmith Apollo on 6 November 1993 and was originally released under the Numa Records label.
 These Are the New Good Times is the debut release from Pale Horse and Rider a Jon DeRosa side-project with Marc Gartman. It was released in 2003 via Darla Records. Alan Sparhawk of Low and Charles Newman of Flare were guest performers on the recording.
 The Swing is Australian rock band INXS's fourth studio album released in April 1984. It peaked at number one on the Kent Music Report Albums Chart for five non-consecutive weeks from early April to mid-May 1984. The lead single Original Sin was recorded in New York City with Nile Rodgers and featured Daryl Hall on backing vocals. Overall the album featured a slightly harder-edged sound than their previous releases.
 ...Live in Chicago is a live album and concert film by American rock band Panic! at the Disco. Released on December 2 2008 it documents the band's performances at the Congress Theater in Chicago Illinois on May 23 and 24 on the 2008 Honda Civic Tour. At the time of its release the band dropped the exclamation mark from its band name.
 Volim te... (English: I love you...) is the third studio album of Montenegrin singer Dado Polumenta released in 2007. This album mainly consisted of cover versions of Greek songs. Two songs featured in this album were written by Polumenta himself Da sam tada bolje te znao (English: If I had better known you then) and Volim te... (English: I love you...).
 Billie Jean Look At Me is the name of a soundtrack in 2007 for the MBC drama Billie Jean Look at Me starring Lee Ji Hoon and Park Hee Bon.Track 2 by Super Junior-K.R.Y. is the same song that can be found in SMTown's winter vacation album 2006 WINTER SMTOWN - Snow Dream.
 ...When the Angels Make Contact is the third album by Matt Mays released in 2006.
 Dizzy Goes Hollywood is a 1964 studio album by Dizzy Gillespie and his quintet featuring the saxophonist James Moody.
 Goribor is the eponymous debut album by the Serbian alternative rock band Goribor released in 2007 by Dancing Bear in Croatia and Automatik Records in Serbia.
 Live is a live album by the band Blood Sweat & Tears that was recorded in 1980 and released on compact disc in 1995 by Avenue Records through Rhino Records. This album was recorded at the Street Scene in Downtown Los Angeles on October 12 1980. This set was recorded five years after the Live In Concert/Live And Improvised album.
 Flying High On Your Love is an album by the Memphis Tennessee-based R&B group The Bar-Kays.
 These Waters is an EP by British singer-songwriter Ben Howard. It was released on 7 July 2009 as a digital download and on CD but is no longer available for purchase. The songs on the EP were written by Howard and produced by Dan Gautreau except for Cloud Nine which was produced by Patch Rowland. The cover art was designed by Owen Tozer based on paintings by Carole Hodgson. Early releases of the EP included a limited edition Quiksilver/Surfers Against Sewage t-shirt and screen print.
 Popgasm is the second album by the Finnish rock band Sunrise Avenue.
 Never Sold Out is a two live album by Luna Sea released on their 10th anniversary May 29 1999. It compiles live recordings spanning their career up to that point from 1991 to 1998. The album reached number 5 on the Oricon chart.
 Private Parts and Pieces II: Back to the Pavilion is the second generic album by Anthony Phillips. The album is composed of previously recorded pieces that had been parts of or intended for other projects. The album was released at a time when Phillips was between his Arista Records and RCA recording contracts but still had a distribution deal with U.S.
 La Petite Mort is the name of an album due to be released by British alternative rock band James in June 2014. It features ten tracks and will be available on CD vinyl and as an MP3 download. All pre-orders of the album include a free download of “Frozen Britain” as well as a copy of the album's first single entitled “Moving On” which is due on 28th April.
 Back to Oakland is the fourth album by Bay Area based band Tower of Power Released in Spring 1974 on Warner Bros. Records. It was voted by Modern Drummer Magazine as one of the most important recordings for drummers to listen to.
 Soul Searching is the fourth album released by Average White Band.
 Springhead Motorshark is the fourth and final album by the glam metal band Britny Fox released in 2003.
 In the Grass is the only album by Splendora released in 1995 by Koch Records.
 English Rose is a compilation album by Fleetwood Mac released in January 1969. It was originally a US-only compilation combining six tracks from the UK release Mr. Wonderful (Tracks 1 3 5 6 8 and 11) three UK non-album single sides (Tracks 2 7 and 12) two not-yet-released songs from the UK version of Then Play On (Tracks 9 and 10) and one other previously unreleased track (Track 4).
 Punks Not Dead is the debut studio album by the Scottish punk rock band The Exploited released in 1981 on Secret Records. Strongly working class and loyal to the first impulses of the 1976 punk movement the album was a reaction to critics who believed the genre was dead and against popular trends such as New Wave hardcore and post-punk. It contains the double A side singles Army Life/Fuck the Mods and the later follow up I Believe in Anarchy.
 Weatherbox is a five-CD limited-edition box set by David Sylvian. Only 5000 copies were produced in 1989 and they quickly sold out. A Japanese version was also produced. The set comprises Sylvian's first four albums: Brilliant Trees Alchemy: An Index of Possibilities Gone to Earth and Secrets of the Beehive.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the new wave rock band The Cars. It was released in October 1985 on Elektra Records. Tonight She Comes a previously unreleased song was issued as a single in 1985 to support this greatest hits package. The album was a commercial success going six-times platinum.
 Superblues is an album by the drummer Pete York. Recorded live on tour in Germany in 1991 it was not released until 1994.It contains a version of John Lee Hooker's hit Dimples which was also the first single released by The Spencer Davis Group in 1964; and a cover of Ashton Gardner and Dyke's 1971 hit Resurrection Shuffle. The track Lover Man the full title of which is Lover Man (Oh Where Can You Be?) was a 1941 hit song specially written for Billie Holiday.
 Great Adventure Cigar is the debut full-length by the band Janus Stark released in 1998 on Earache Records. Its name comes from a line in the Wu Tang Clan song The Projects.Two singles were released from this album Dynamo (1998) and Every Little Thing Counts (1999). Every Little Thing Counts was also included on the soundtrack for the 1998 film Disturbing Behavior & in the 1999 film Varsity Blues (film).
 Voyage to Isis is the second album by industrial band Delta-S released in December 2007 on WindM Records. The songs The Phoenix Effect Denial Wastelands Erase Rapture of the Deep and Waiting for the Sunrise can all currently be heard on the band's MySpace page.
 Dirtdish is an album by Wiseblood. It was released in 1987 by K.422/Some Bizzare as an LP cassette and CD. It was re-released on CD in 1995 by Thirsty Ear. The CD release of Dirtdish is Some Bizzare #WISE 3CD.Fear Factory covered the song O-O (Where Evil Dwells) on their album Obsolete.
 Sentimental Killer is a March 1992 album by Irish jazz singer Mary Coughlan under East West Records a subsidiary of Warner Music Group which was at the time known as WEA.The song Magdalene Laundry written by J Mulhern has the chorus line Ooh Lord won't you let me wash away the stain and refers to the Magdalen Asylums run by the Roman Catholic Church in which Irish prostitutes unmarried mothers developmentally-challenged women and abused girls were incarcerated indefinitely.
 Valdosta 1989 is a complete concert by Athens Georgia's Widespread Panic on CD. The 2 disc set is the second release from the Widespread Panic archives. The performance was recorded live at The Armory in Valdosta Georgia on April 8 1989. The live to two track recordings feature all original band members including late guitarist Michael Houser.
 Hello Broadway is the fifth studio album by soul singer Marvin Gaye released in 1964. It's an album of standards and Broadway material recorded.Released during the middle of Gaye's coming-of-age as Motown's premier male solo star the album showcases more of Gaye's personal desire to be a Nat King Cole/Frank Sinatra styled crooner rather than the R&B hitmaker Motown was grooming him into.
 I Am is the sixth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Yo Gotti. The album was released on November 19 2013 by Epic and CMG. The album features guest appearances from T.I. Ne-Yo Wale Rich Homie Quan J. Cole Jeezy Meek Mill and YG among others. The album was supported by the singles Act Right featuring YG and Jeezy which peaked at number 100 on the Billboard Hot 100 King Shit featuring T.I. Cold Blood featuring J. Cole and I Know featuring Rich Homie Quan.
 Holding Back the Tears (Chinese: 眼淚流回去; pinyin: yǎn lèi liú huí qù) is the fourth studio album of Taiwan-born Malaysian Mandopop artist Freya Lim (Chinese: 林凡). It was released on 24 December 2010 by Rock Records.
 Über Cobra is the fifth live album released by the Athens GA based band Widespread Panic. The album was recorded during a show in November 2003 in Myrtle Beach. It was released on July 12 2004 and was the second of three live releases in 2004 by the band. The album is almost exclusively acoustic with four guest tracks by John Keane on pedal steel.The album reached a peak position of #158 on both the Billboard 200 chart and the Top Internet Albums chart.
 The A List is the second studio album by British-Norwegian boy band A1. The album was released on 30 October 2000 a week prior to the release of the album's second single Same Old Brand New You. The album charted higher than its predecessor perhaps due to the success of the single Take on Me. The album was certified as Gold in the UK.
 Please Experience Wolfmother Live is the debut video album by Australian hard rock band Wolfmother. Directed by The Malloys who also directed a number of the band's music videos the album features footage from three performances on Wolfmother's 2006 world tour in promotion of their 2005 self-titled debut album.
 Mellow Yellow is the fourth album from British singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in the US in March 1967 (Epic Records LN 24239 (monaural) / BN 26239 (rechanneled stereo) but not released in the UK because of a continuing contractual dispute that also prevented Sunshine Superman from a UK release. In June 1967 a cross-section of both albums was released as Sunshine Superman (Pye Records NPL 18181) in the UK.
 The Definition of X: The Pick of the Litter is a greatest hits album from rapper DMX released on June 12 2007 in the United States.The album debuted at number 26 on the U.S. Billboard 200 selling about 35000 copies in its first week. As of July 11 2007 the album has sold 65826 copies in the US.Although the album has both an explicit version and an edited version on the explicit version on the track Where the Hood At some lines are still edited.
 First Invasion is the debut extended play by the South Korean boy band Infinite. It was released on June 9 2010. They promoted the main single of the EP Come Back Again and followed with She's Back.
 After 7 is the self-titled debut album by After 7. The album spawned two #1 R&B hits Ready or Not and Can't Stop. They also reached #7 and #6 respectively on the Billboard Hot 100.
 The World is Bennie K's fifth album.
 Walking in Space is a 1969 studio album by Quincy Jones. The album was recorded for A&M and features an iconic photo of Quincy designed by Pete Turner who made some of the most famous A&M album covers. Vocalist Valerie Simpson is featured on 'Walking In Space' an arrangement of a song from the hit Rock Musical 'Hair'. 'Dead End' is also from 'Hair' and 'Killer Joe' features Ray Brown on bass and Grady Tate on drums an early example of a strong jazz rhythm section in pop music.
 The soundtrack to the 1993 film Frauds featuring Guy Gross's score was released in 1992 on Picture This Records.
 Hampton Comes Alive is a six-disc live album by the American rock band Phish released on November 23 1999 by Elektra Records. It is the band's third live album and the first time complete live Phish concerts were released in their entirety (though fan recordings of most Phish shows are widely circulated). Hampton Comes Alive consists of two full concerts recorded on November 20 and 21 1998 at the Hampton Coliseum in Hampton Virginia.
 Silhouettes is the third album by Dutch metal band Textures. The band released the first song from the album Old Days Born Anew on their MySpace page on March 14 2008 for both streaming and downloading. On April 1 2008 a second song Storm Warning was released for streaming and downloading from the bands MySpace.
 A World Next Door to Yours is the second studio album released by Johannesburg-based South African Indie band The Parlotones under its Sovereign Entertainment label released on 28 September 2007. The band had a massive album launch party at The Partyhouse at The Dome in Randburg in South Africa.The first single release from the album in South Africa was A Giant Mistake on July 1 2007. The song reached #1 on 5FM's Top 40 and the Hi5@5 chart shows.
 Sirens of the Sea is the debut album by the British vocal trance group Above & Beyond presents OceanLab released on 21 July 2008.On 8 June 2009 a remix edition of the album was released Sirens of the Sea Remixed which features both previously released and new remixes.
 Stuffed is the debut album released by Mother Goose.Track ListMoonshine Lady	 4:10Somebody Broke My Heart	 4:03Last of The Fools	 6:36(Some Day You'll Be Sorry) Anne Marie	5:23Land Ho	 5:38See If I Care	 4:27Only You	 3:16Only A Phone Call Away	 5:13Baked Beans	 3:42Baked Beans was the chart topping single from the album.
 Ashtrayhead is an album by the English group Ashtrayhead released in 1997 (see 1997 in music).The band's only album released on April 21 1997 in Europe by Dynamica and on May 27 1997 in the United States by Invisible Records. The original CD sleeve featured a heavily made-up Marc Heal with several hundred cigarettes glued to his head.
 Long Trip Alone is the third studio album of country music singer Dierks Bentley. It was released October 17 2006 (see 2006 in country music). His third album for Capitol Records Nashville it has produced four singles to date on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts: Every Mile a Memory the title track Free and Easy (Down the Road I Go) and Trying to Stop Your Leaving.
 Love Life is the third album by the American new wave band Berlin released in 1984. The album contained the hit No More Words which became their first Top 40 single on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at #23.
 Once a Year: A Poema Christmas EP is a holiday EP by American acoustic pop duo Poema. It is the second EP released by the group on Tooth & Nail Records.
 It All Starts Here... is the first EP by Jem released in 2003 (see 2003 in music). It was followed in 2004 by her full-length LP Finally Woken which features six new tracks.The cover features a picture of her older sister Chloe that was taken by her mother.
 Back Catalogue is a compilation album by Front 242 released in 1987 and rereleased in 1992.As the name suggests it is a collection of singles and other miscellaneous tracks recorded from 1982 to 1985.
 Veterans of Disorder is the eighth studio album by Royal Trux. It was released in 1999 by Drag City.
 Kaos Kommand 696 is the third album by Singaporean black metal band Impiety released in 2002 through Osmose Productions.The album is available in both regular and limited edition the latter which contains two bonus tracks. Digipak version is limited to 4000 copies and 500 on vinyl with the same bonus tracks. The artwork on the left is for digipak release while regular cover is on the right.
 Live in Europe is a live album by American guitarist Leo Kottke released in 1980. The title Palms Blvd. is only available as a live performance.Live in Europe was re-released on CD by BGO in 1996.
 Fire at Zero Gravity is the fourth major release from 40 Below Summer. The album was released on April 30 2013 via Super Massive Music Group. The band streamed Bottom Feeder and My Name Is Vengeance prior to the release date.
 The Part of the Whole EP is the first solo ep by jazz pianist Mike Garson and was released in 2007 via his Myspace site.
 Icarus is Chicosci's 3rd album released in 2004 under Viva Music Philippines.
 Whole New You is American singer-songwriter and musician Shawn Colvin's sixth album and also her sixth studio album released in 2001. It was her first new release in over four years.
 Wappinschaw is the 1995 album from Cindytalk released by Touched Recordings. The first time ever... is a cover of a Ewan MacColl song. Wheesht includes a reading by Alasdair Gray from Lanark. Traumlose Nächte means Dreamless Nights. On the CD Muster (from the Prince Of Lies 7) is appended to Hush after about five minutes of silence. Prince Of Lies itself differs from the version on the 7.
 Street Sounds Crucial Electro is the first compilation album in a series and was released 1984 on the StreetSounds label. The album was released on LP and cassette and contains ten electro music and old school hip hop tracks mixed by Herbie Laidley.
 Different Slanguages is the sixth album by rapper Messy Marv aka MessCalen.
 Lemonade Mouth is a soundtrack album by Bridgit Mendler and the cast of the film of the same name released on April 12 2011 by Walt Disney Records. The soundtrack peaked at number 4 on the US Billboard 200 number three on the US Top Digital Albums and topped the US Top Soundtracks and US Kid Albums.
 Wave of Emotion is the sixth album by Richie Kotzen.
 Nik & Jay is the self-titled first studio album by the Danish Pop duo Nik & Jay.
 Mr. Lover Lover – The Best of Shaggy... Part 1 is the first compilation album released by the Jamaican rapper Shaggy. The album includes material from Shaggy's first five studio albums as well as the new recording Get Up Stand Up.
 Baby Beluga is a children's music album by children's entertainer Raffi released in 1980. The title track was inspired by Kavna a beluga whale that Raffi saw at the Vancouver Aquarium in Vancouver BC and is considered by many to be his greatest hit. The album begins with the sounds of whales communicating and includes compositions that create pictures of the ocean and whales at play. An illustrated sing-along book was also published and sold separately as a companion to the first track.
 Now You Know is a solo album released by Doug Martsch of indie rock band Built to Spill. Unlike Martsch's rock-oriented work with Built to Spill the album touches on blues folk and rock. Now You Know was released in 2002 on Up Records label.
 Cut Above the Rest is the seventh album by Sweet released on Polydor Records in October 1979. It was their first album release following the departure of their original lead vocalist Brian Connolly. Connolly had begun recording this album with the band at the TownHouse Studio in Shepherd's Bush London but his vocals were subsequently wiped and replaced by vocals from bass player Steve Priest and guitarist Andy Scott. Original outtakes of Play All Night and Stay With Me (a.k.a.
 Greatest Video Hits is a 1991 compilation DVD of promotional videos from progressive rock group Yes. It contains the majority of MTV videos filmed by the band as well as a few early promotional videos that pre-date MTV. It contains videos from 1977's Going for the One through 1987's Big Generator.In between videos band members are interviewed backstage in the Pensacola Civic Center before their concert on the 1991 Union tour.
 50000 Fall Fans Can't Be Wrong – 39 Golden Greats is a greatest hits album released by The Fall in 2004. It was the group's first career-spanning compilation with a selection of songs from the 1978 EP Bingo-Master's Break-Out! up to the 2003 album The Real New Fall LP (Formerly Country on the Click). The selection of songs includes both singles and album highlights.
 Getting Sentimental over Tommy Dorsey is a 1963 album by Jo Stafford. The album was recorded in 1963 and features 11 easy listening classic songs associated with the bandleader Tommy Dorsey. Stafford is accompanied on this album by Nelson Riddle Billy May and Benny Carter. The album was originally released by Reprise Records then reissued on CD in 2002 on the Collectables label.
 High Mileage is the sixth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was released on September 1 1998 and produced four hit singles on the Hot Country Songs charts for Jackson: I'll Go on Loving You (#3) Right on the Money (#1) Gone Crazy (#4) and Little Man (#3).
 White Light Rock & Roll Review is Matthew Good's second album as a solo artist and was released on June 15 2004. Though it was not as well-received as his previous solo effort Avalanche it quickly achieved Gold certification in Canada.Recording sessions for White Light Rock & Roll Review began less than a year after the release of Avalanche making it the shortest time spent between records for Good.
 Quadrophenia is the sixth studio album by English rock band The Who. Released on 19 October 1973 by Track and Polydor in the United Kingdom and Track and MCA in the United States it is a double album and the group's second rock opera.
 Trap House is the debut studio album by the Atlanta based rapper Gucci Mane released on May 24 2005 via Tommy Boy Entertainment now known as Big Cat Records. The songs Icy featuring rappers Young Jeezy and Boo and Go Head featuring Mac Bre-Z were released as singles. A clean version of Trap House was released which included eight fewer songs.[citation needed]
 Spirit of '76 released in May 1975 was the first of four albums that Spirit would (initially) release for Mercury Records. Though all four albums were greatly influenced by the time that Randy California spent living in Hawaii this album bears that influence more than any of the others (aside from maybe Future Games).
 Amoeba Cleansing Syndrome is the second studio album from American R&B singer Joi. The album was set to be released in 1996 under EMI Records and promotional CD's was released to radio stations. EMI soon delayed Amoeba Cleansing Syndrome set for a later release in 1997 for more songs with commercial appeal. By 1997 the album was planned for release as Ghetto Superstar was to be first single.
 Flesh Power Dominion is the third studio album by Callenish Circle. It was released in 2002 along with a digipak edition that contained two bonus tracks. The name is a movie quote by Pinhead from the movie Hellraiser III.
 Orthodox Celts is the debut album by the Serbian Irish folk/Celtic rock band Orthodox Celts released in 1994. It is the only Orthodox Celts album which features only covers of Irish traditional songs.The album was reissued in 1999.
 Jam Hsiao Self Titled Album (Chinese: 蕭敬騰同名專輯) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Jam Hsiao's (Chinese: 蕭敬騰) debut Mandarin solo studio album. It was released on 16 June 2008 by Warner Music Taiwan.The album was available on pre-order from 2 to 15 June 2008 and two more editions were released.
 Radium Round is the 7th studio album by the Finnish avant-garde progressive metal band Waltari.
 Driving to Damascus is the eighth studio album by Scottish rock band Big Country. It was released in 1999 as both a standard edition and a limited edition digipack and with bonus tracks in 2002. In the U.S. it was released under a different name John Wayne's Dream.
 Lynne Me Your Ears – A Tribute to the Music of Jeff Lynne is a compilation of compositions written by songwriter Jeff Lynne. The majority of material are cover versions of Lynne's longest running and most successful group; Electric Light Orchestra. Though there are cover versions of work that Lynne has done with Traveling Wilburys The Move and The Idle Race.
 Kollage is Bahamadia's debut solo album which was released in 1996. Its lead single “3 Tha Hard Way” was produced by DJ Premier. The album peaked at number 126 in its first week of release.
 Where Tradition Meets Tomorrow is the second studio album by rock musician Jonathan Coulton. The album is named after the town motto of Jonathan's hometown Colchester Connecticut. The album cover art itself is a retouched photograph of a sign from the city. The album is one of Coulton's only EPs; on his website he commented I don't know why there are only five songs maybe I was tired.
 Tolv i topp is a 1997 cover album from Swedish dansband Lotta Engbergs mostly featuring covers from 1960s and 1970s hits/schlagers. The album was recorded after Lotta Engberg in 1996 hosted the TV show Fem i topp in TV4 and sung the songs. The album was released in the name of the dansband Lotta Engbergs. The album peaked at # 23 at the Swedish album chart.
 Hard Normal Daddy is a 1997 studio album by British electronic musician Tom Jenkinson under his alias of Squarepusher.The album was the first studio album as Squarepusher for Warp Records. A single for the track Vic Acid was released in 1997 prior to the album's release.The album has received praise since its release including a five star review from Allmusic and being listed as one of the best albums of the year by The Wire.
 Sports is an album released by Bill Cosby in October 1969. It was his first on the Uni Records label which would eventually become MCA Records. It won the Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album at the 1970 Grammy Awards. It was recorded live at Whisky a Go Go.
 Detours is the sixth studio album by the American singer-songwriter Sheryl Crow released in February 2008. The album marks Crow's reunion with Bill Bottrell who produced her debut album Tuesday Night Music Club and briefly worked with Crow on her 1996 album Sheryl Crow. The album returned to Crow's forte in roots rock. The album sold over 700000 copies worldwide up to 2010.It was nominated for a Grammy Award in the category for Best Pop Vocal Album on December 4 2008.
 The Reasons Why is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music singer Michelle Wright. It was released in Canada on September 1 1994 on Arista Nashville. Try Getting Over You was later recorded by Daron Norwood on his 1995 album Ready Willing and Able and Safe in the Arms of Love would later be released as a single by Martina McBride from her 1995 album Wild Angels.
 En V.O is a Johnny Hallyday album
 Fabric 29 is a DJ mix compilation album by Tiefschwarz as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 Four Songs is Jonezetta's debut EP released in 2005. The EP was available for free download on Absolute Punk in mid-2006 but was taken off after the album was released in October that year.
 Everything Starts... is the fourth EP by the indie rock band Lovedrug. It was the second EP to be released between Lovedrug's albums Pretend You're Alive and Everything Starts Where It Ends. Tracks 1 2 and 3 appear on Everything Starts Where It Ends.
 Natural: World Premiere Album is Crystal Kay's first English album. The album was not released in the USA though imported versions were made available.[citation needed]
 The Fifth is the fifth studio album of German band Bad Boys Blue. It was released on October 29 1989 by Coconut Records. The album includes two singles: Lady In Black and A Train To Nowhere. Track No regrets was originally sang by Edith Piaf as Non je ne regrette rien written by Charles Dumont. All the songs were performed by John McInerney.
 Dragon Ball Z: Kiken na Futari! Super Senshi wa Nemurenai Music Collection (ドラゴンボールZ 危険なふたり!超戦士はねむれない MUSIC COLLECTION Doragon Bōru Zetto Kiken na Futari! Sūpā Senshi wa Nemurenai MUSIC COLLECTION Dragon Ball Z: The Dangerous Duo! Super-Warriors Never Rest Music Collection) is the licenced soundtrack to the tenth Dragon Ball Z film by the same name (Known outside Japan as Broly Second Coming). It was released by Forte Music Entertainment on April 1 1994 in Japan only.
 In the Flesh is the debut LP released by egyptian artist Nader Sadek on May 16 2011 in Europe and a day later in the United States. All nine songs are about the hazards of a petroleum-based society. Two music videos have been released for the tracks Sulffer and Nigredo In Necromance.
 Tab (a.k.a. Tab 25 or 25 Tab) is the title of Monster Magnet's second EP released in Europe in 1991 and in the United States two years later. Originally released on Glitterhouse Records it was recorded before the band's 1991 debut album Spine of God but issued afterwards to capitalize on its success. Though long enough to qualify as a full-length album it is referred to as an EP.
 The Song Is You is a 1994 box set by the American singer Frank Sinatra.This five disc box set contains every studio recording Frank Sinatra performed with Tommy Dorsey and his orchestra a few tracks of alternate recording takes and a full disc of mostly-unreleased radio broadcasts. It is considered a definitive look at the first years of what would become a half-a-century long career.
 Christmas Prayers is an album by Jonn Serrie which was released on August 31 2010 by Valley Entertainment.From Serrie’s website: Christmas Prayers released on Valley Entertainment Hearts of Space Records is a heartfelt arrangement of my favorite compositions coming from my previous Christmas albums Upon A Midnight Clear Yuletides and Merrily On High.I've always wanted to weave the spiritual nature of these pieces and create a listening experience based on the angelic and ethereal joy found deep in the Christmas season.
 Deep Purple Tribute is a tribute and the second live album by Serbian hard rock band Cactus Jack. Two discs feature twelve cover songs originally released by British hard rock band Deep Purple. The album was as the band's first album DisCover recorded on Cactus Jack concert in Coupe club in Pančevo.The opening track Highway Star features rock musician and radio host Vlada Džet announcing the band. Vlada Džet also appears on vocals on the track Knocking at Your Back Door.
 Concrete Roots is a 1994 album produced by Dr. Dre. It was released without his consent.
 Str8 Outta Northcote is the second full-length album from Australian grindcore band Blood Duster its title being a parody of the N.W.A album Straight Outta Compton. Northcote is the suburb in Melbourne where most of the band lived at the time.According to the album's liner notes it features 69 riffs and 758 words listed in the style of Iron Maiden’s Live After Death[citation needed].
 Models' Media is the fifth and final studio album by Australian rock band Models.
 Fiction Non-Fiction is the fourth album by Danish Industrial band Psychopomps.
 New Junk Aesthetic is the fifth studio album by metalcore band Every Time I Die. It was released on September 15 2009. It was the band's first album to be released by their new record label Epitaph Records. The album artwork was created by guitarist Jordan Buckley.
 808:90ptical is a live/promo video compilation by electronic music group 808 State which was released in 1991 on VHS. The videos are a mixture of promo videos animated backgrounds while excerpts of tracks are played and live footage recorded at Re-live The Dream Ku Club Ibiza in September 1990.
 Lifetracks is the debut solo album by respected British electronica artist Tom Middleton released in the UK on October 1 2007 and the US on November 6 2007 (see 2007 in music). The title is a reference to representing different places times and people in the artist's life. The majority of songs on the album have appeared on compilations over the last ten years under the moniker AMBA which was Middleton's previous ambient project.
 Otan tragoudo (Greek: Όταν τραγουδώ; English: When I sing) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Tolis Voskopoulos. It was released in November 1976 by Minos EMI in Greece and it went gold selling over 50000 units.
 Cosmos is the debut album by The Send which was released on July 31 2007 by Tooth & Nail Records. Joseph Kisselburgh teamed up with 'Aaron Sprinkle to bring spiritual songs into existence from beyond rather than force a pop record.' The first single is An Epiphany. A video was released for this song on July 12 2007.
 Den blå hund (English: The Blue Dog) is the eleventh album released 1984 by the Danish rock band Gnags.
 Hold On We're Strummin' is an album by American musicians David Grisman and Sam Bush.A very well produced album offers Grisman and Bush on number of different instruments. They are joined by members of David Grisman Quintet Grisman' s son Sam on bass and others.
 Pro*Pain is Mars Ill's 2006 album.
 Hits! is a compilation album by Boz Scaggs first released in 1980. It focuses primarily on material released in 1976 and 1980. The album has been certified platinum by the RIAA.
 PLATINUM BOX VI is a DVD-Box released by Japanese singer Gackt on December 7 2005 .
 Shell Shocked is the second album by rapperS Mac. It was released on July 21 1998 through No Limit Records and was almost entirely produced by Beats By the Pound. Like most of No Limit's releases in the late 90's Shell Shocked peaked very high on the Billboard charts making it to #10 on the Billboard 200 and #4 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. There was a music video for the single Boss Chick feat Mia X which is one of Mac's biggest hits
 Cara Dillon is the debut solo album from the Irish folk artist Cara Dillon. It was recorded at The Firs producer/partner Sam Lakeman's parents' house. There were also recordings made in County Donegal Ireland. The album was mixed by John Reynolds (Sinéad O'Connor Damien Dempsey). It contained nine traditional songs Dillon had known since her schooldays and also had two original songs Blue Mountain River (which was released to radio in Ireland) and I Wish I Was.
 Shrine '69 is a live album by British blues rock band Fleetwood Mac recorded on 25 January 1969 and finally released in 1999. Recorded at a concert in southern California this album includes versions of the band's recent hits Albatross and Need Your Love So Bad as well as more unusual songs like Before the Beginning and Lemon Squeezer.
 Spacecake is an album by Plateau released in 1999.
 Godlike is the sixth studio album by Natas. Released on May 21 2002 it is the group's first album to be released on a label other than Reel Life Productions and their only release on Number 6 Records. Godlike peaked at #35 on the Billboard Top Independent Albums chart #45 on the Heatseekers chart and #56 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 The Best is the first compilation album by Greek singer Despina Vandi including recordings from her albums released by Minos EMI. It was made available in Greek market in early December 2001 and it went Gold.
 Just the Way You Like It is the fifth album released by the R&B band The S.O.S. Band on the Tabu label in August 1984. It was produced by Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.
 The Besnard Lakes Are the Dark Horse (sometimes referred to as ...Are the Dark Horse) is the second studio album by the Canadian rock band The Besnard Lakes released in 2007 (see 2007 in music). The album was The Besnard Lakes' first release on indie label Jagjaguwar and was self-produced by bandleaders Jace Lasek and Olga Goreas. It was nominated for the 2007 Polaris Music Prize.
 Released in 1986 Bares y Fondas (Spanish for Bars and Taverns) is the first studio album recorded by Los Fabulosos Cadillacs of Argentina. The album's main genre is Ska. The music just like the wardrobe in the early band's concerts was influenced by bands like Madness and The Specials.
 Deadlines is the first EP released by Arkells. It was originally self released in 2007 under the group name Charlemagne and then re-released digitally by Dine Alone Records in March 2008.
 A Rare Conundrum is the eleventh album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch released in 1977 in the UK. The album was first released by Ex Libris in Denmark in late 1976 as Poormouth with an alternative cover and a slightly different tracklist.
 Wirklich alles! is a live album from Christina Stürmer released in 2005. It was recorded during a tour in Austria called Wirklich alles! during the fall of 2004 in promotion of her album Soll das wirklich alles sein.It was not as successful as her studio albums have been.The album was certified Platinum in Austria.
 Rock 'n' Rolling Stones is a compilation album by The Rolling Stones released in 1972. It reached #41 in the British chart.The album contains five Chuck Berry covers and also Berry-related songs like Route 66 and Down the Road Apiece.
 Så skimrande var aldrig havet is an album from Norwegian singer Elisabeth Andreassen including covers of songs by Swedish troubadour Evert Taube. The album was released in Norway on 15 September 1997 and in Denmark and Sweden on 25 May 1998.
 Walk of Life is the second album by pop singer Billie Piper released in 2000. Piper's second album (her first released under her full name) produced three Top 30 singles in the UK – Day & Night (#1) Something Deep Inside (#4) and Walk of Life (#25).
 Milt Jackson Quintet Live at the Village Gate is a live album by vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring Jimmy Heath recorded in 1963 at The Village Gate and released on the Riverside label.
 Fancy Free' is an album by bassist Richard Davis recorded in 1977 but and released on the Galaxy label.
 Great American Cowboy is the first album by the Western music band Sons of the San Joaquin released in 1990. It was independently produced and distributed and primarily contains songs written by or notably recorded by the Sons of the Pioneers. It was their first and only album to contain original material penned by member Jack Hannah until 1995's From Whence Came the Cowboy.
 Lullaby for Liquid Pig is the eighth release by Lisa Germano and her first proper studio album since 1998's Slide. It was released on the ARTISTdirect imprint in 2003 and later re-released on Young God Records in 2007. This version includes a bonus disc of live and home-recorded material.
 Christmas... From the Realms of Glory is the first holiday album by Christian Contemporary-Folk-Pop-Rock musician Bebo Norman. The album is the first with BEC Recordings and his ninth album overall including his first independent release. This album was released on October 7 2007 and the producers are Jason Ingram Bebo Norman and Rusty Varenkamp.
 Conversions: A K&D Selection is a DJ mix album mixed by Kruder & Dorfmeister. It was released on 16 February 1996 on Shadow Records.
 Batman: Original Motion Picture Score is the score album for the 1989 film Batman by Danny Elfman. According to the Batman DVD Special Edition Elfman said that producer Jon Peters was not sure about him as a composer until Tim Burton made him play the main titles. Elfman admitted he was stunned when Peters announced that the score would be released on its own album as releasing a separate score album for a film was something that was rarely done in the 1980s.
 The Black Bar Mitzvah is the fourth mixtape by American rapper Rick Ross it was released on October 8 2012. The mixtape features guest appearances from Rockie Fresh Drake Lil Reese Diddy Gunplay 2 Chainz Pharrell and Whole Slab.
 Burnt Sienna is the third album by Azalia Snail released in 1994 through Funky Mushroom.
 All the Girls in the World Beware!!! is the ninth studio album by American hard rock band Grand Funk Railroad. The album was released by Capitol Records in December 1974 it was the group's second album released that year (see 1974 in music). The first single from the album Some Kind of Wonderful was released on December 16 1974 and its follow-up Bad Time was released on March 24 1975. A Quadraphonic mix of the album was available on the Quadraphonic 8-Track cartridge format.
 Live Music & The Voice of Strangers is a collection of live recordings by M. Ward. It was a self-released disc that was sold at his shows in 2001. The song Brazillience would later appear on the album Transistor Radio as Regeneration No.1.
 Ride Satan Ride is the debut album by the American stoner doom metal band Serpent Throne.
 Warm and Willing is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in 1962 by Columbia Records. It made its first appearance on Billboard magazine's Top LP's chart in the issue dated October 20 of that year and remained on the album chart for 44 weeks peaking at number 16.The single from the album Stranger on the Shore made its debut on the Billboard Hot 100 chart four months prior reaching number 38 during its seven-week stay.
 New-S is the sixteenth studio album by Japanese Jazz fusion band T-Square.
 Erreway presenta su caja recopilatoria is compilation of hits of Argentine band Erreway. It was released in 2007 specially for Spain but it was sold in other parts of the world. On compilation there are songs from their albums Señales and Tiempo and live performed songs. There are also two DVDs one with Erreway's videos and one with videos from their tour.
 Here for the Party is the 2004 debut album by American country music singer Gretchen Wilson. It reached the top of the US country charts in May 2004 and number 2 on the Billboard 200 album charts.Featured on the album is Wilson's breakthrough debut single Redneck Woman a Number One hit on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.
 Angel is the 12th album by The Ohio Players and the 6th album recorded for Mercury. The band grew from seven to eight members with the addition of Clarence Chet Willis on rhythm guitar.Three singles were released in support of the album: Body Vibes O-H-I-O and Merry Go Round. O-H-I-O would prove to be a concert favorite with the band and crowd chanting in unison the letters.
 Instinto Coletivo Ao Vivo (English: Collective Instinct Live) is the fourth album by Brazilian band O Rappa and their first Live album. It was produced by Tom Capone and O Rappa except Ninguém Regula A América which features and is also produced by Sepultura and Instinto Coletivo which features and is also mixed by Asian Dub Foundation. It is distributed through Warner Music.
 The Missing Links is the fourth studio album by Pennsylvania hardcore punk band Wisdom In Chains. It was released in 2012 on I Scream Records.
 A Singer Must Die is a collaboration between the Art Of Time Ensemble and vocalist Steven Page. It is Page's first release following his departure from Barenaked Ladies although it was recorded before he left the band and originally conceived as a side project and his first solo album since 2005's The Vanity Project. It contains ten tracks which are covers.
 Crashings is the first album by Falling Up. It generally has a heavy rock sound; however during songs like Jacksonfive and Falling In Love it draws upon hip hop and soft piano (respectively). Broken Heart Escalates and Bittersweet were released as singles and all three hit No. 1 on the Christian rock charts.[citation needed] The album reached the Billboard Top Heatseekers albums chart peaking at No. 42 and it also reached Billboard Top Christian albums chart peaking at No.
 These R the Tales is the seventh album released by rapper Andre Nickatina. It was released on November 14 2000 for Fillmoe Coleman Records and was produced by Andre Nickatina Nick Peace Juilan Piccolo Laird Smoov-E DJ Pause and the Fillmoe Coleman Band (Black Diamond & Tebo). Fellow Bay Area legend San Quinn makes an appearance on the album.
 Wanted! The Outlaws is an album by Waylon Jennings Willie Nelson Jessi Colter and Tompall Glaser released in RCA Victor in 1976 and consisting of previously released material. Released to capitalize on the new outlaw country movement Wanted! The Outlaws earned its place in music history by becoming the first country album to sell a million copies.
 Monty Python's Tiny Black Round Thing was a flexidisc released to promote the original release of Monty Python Live at Drury Lane. It was given away free with the British music weekly paper NME (New Musical Express) during May 1974.
 S.O.S.A. is an Compilation album made to promote AZ's then-upcoming album 9 Lives. It features 10 tracks and has songs that are not found on AZ's other albums along with songs that ended up making it on the 9 Lives album. It was distributed in the streets as AZ was a free agent at the time and was in the process of finding a new label after Noo Trybe Records let him go.
 Uniendo Fronteras (Eng.: Uniting Frontiers') is the title of a studio album released by norteño music group Los Tigres del Norte. This album became their second number-one hit on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart.
 Aerie Faerie Nonsense is The Enid's second album. It was released in 1977 by EMI and later re-released by The Enid in 1983 following its deletion from the EMI catalogue.
 Hotel California is the third studio album by American rapper Tyga. The album was released on April 9 2013 under Young Money Entertainment Cash Money Records and distributed by Republic Records. The album features guest appearances from Lil Wayne Rick Ross 2 Chainz Chris Brown Game Wiz Khalifa Future and Jadakiss.
 Best Of Live (1996–2005) is a live album released by Serbian heavy metal band Kraljevski Apartman reconsisting of the band's finest works and presenting an aspect of the band's live appearance. The band members wanted to celebrate the first decadce of the band's existence by recording a live performance and releasing it on CD and DVD formats. This resulted the release of this CD and DVD 10 godina sa vama - Live SKC.
 I81B4U was an oddly named EP from Boston hardcore punk / speed metal band Gang Green. It was released in 1988 after the previous year's debut for Roadrunner Records You Got It and before 1989's release Older... Budweiser.The title is a reference to Van Halen's album OU812 released in the same year. I81B4U translates phonetically to I Ate One Before You.
 Always is the first Korean EP by South Korean boy band Big Bang released under YG Entertainment. The lead single is Lies (Korean: 거짓말; Revised Romanization: Geojitmal) composed by G-Dragon and was a no. 1 hit eventually becoming their break-out hit. It also became one of the most successful singles in South Korea selling over 4.5 million digital units.[citation needed] The album sold over 87000 copies.
 Trading Pieces is the first full-length studio release by brutal death metal band Deeds of Flesh. It was released in 1996.
 Let England Shake is the eighth studio album by English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey released on 11 February 2011 by Island Records. Work on it began around the time of White Chalk's release in 2007 though it is a departure from the piano-driven introspection of that album. The album was written over a period of two-and-a-half years and recorded in a five-week period at a church in Dorset in April and May 2010.Upon its release the album received numerous accolades.
 A Tribute to Stuff Smith is an album by the American jazz violinist Billy Bang recorded in 1992 featuring Sun Ra John Ore and Andrew Cyrille and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 Live at the Albert Hall is a live album by The Dubliners. It was their last recording for the Major Minor label. Recorded in 1968 and released in 1969 it contained live versions of some of their recent hits as well as a version of Whiskey on a Sunday which had been a big hit for Danny Doyle. The rebel ballad Off to Dublin in the Green was issued on early pressings of the album but was later dropped.
 Back on Top is a 1968 album by all-male group The O'Jays featuring their biggest hit for the Bell label I'll Be Sweeter Tomorrow (Than I Was Today).Their Hit Look Over Your Shoulder was also included on this album.Original O'Jays members Eddie LevertWilliam PowellWalter Williams and Bobby Massey all contributed to this album and all four were pictured on its cover.This is the first O'Jays album not to include the group's fifth original member Bill Isleswho quit the group shortly before this album was recorded. 
 Speed Connection II – The Final Chapter (Live In Paris 85) is a live album by The Fleshtones. The album was recorded live at The Gibus Club Paris France on March 7 1985. The band were booked to play nine shows at the club over a two-week span in two segments (March 5–9 and March 13–16). The opening band for these shows were Les Playboys.The band had recorded the first show (March 5 1985) and - at the urging of the French division of I.R.S.
 In 'n Out is the third album by jazz saxophonist Joe Henderson released on the Blue Note label. It was recorded on April 10 1964 and features performances by Henderson with Kenny Dorham McCoy Tyner Richard Davis and Elvin Jones.
 Audience of One is the third studio album by Trinidadian-American singer-songwriter Heather Headley released on January 13 2009 by EMI Gospel. It is a collection of cover versions of popular gospel hymns as well as original songs.
 Love at the Core is the second album from Run Kid Run released on April 29 2008.
 Fiesta Songs is a 2003 album by Señor Coconut Y Su Conjunto (Uwe Schmidt). It is an album of covers done in a Latin American style.Like the previous album this is a tribute album. It includes covers of Deep Purple The Doors Michael Jackson Sade and Jean Michel Jarre.
 Cantus Buranus II is a studio album by Neo-Medieval band Corvus Corax.
 Just Whitney... is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Whitney Houston released on December 10 2002 in North America by Arista Records.
 The Distance is the 12th album by US-American rock singer Bob Seger. It was released in the final week of 1982 (see 1982 in music). It peaked at #5 on Billboard's album chart and sold close to two million copies in the United States. The album's lead single Shame on the Moon was Seger's biggest hit holding at #2 for four weeks on Billboard's Hot 100 behind Michael Jackson's Billie Jean.
 InGladAloneness is an EP by Dalis Car a collaboration between Peter Murphy of Bauhaus and Mick Karn of Japan. In August 2010 Peter Murphy announced on Twitter that he and Karn were planning to head into the studio in September to begin work on the second Dalis Car album. The project was cut short however as Karn had recently been diagnosed with cancer. He died on 4 January 2011. Five of the tracks they did record shipped on April 5 2012. as an EP entitled InGladAloneness.
 Andy and His Grandmother is the posthumous debut album from American anti-comedian Andy Kaufman released on Drag City on July 16 2013. Composed of recordings that Kaufman made on microcassette from 1977 to 1979 the album was created by several of Kaufman's friends as well as contemporary comedians.
 Acústico Vol. II is the nineteenth album of Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario and is the second of two albums recorded during a special presentation of her at the Luis A. Ferré Performing Arts Center in San Juan Puerto Rico.The album is the realization of a unique project of Nazario where she turend the Arts Center into a recording studio inviting 300 friends to share with her that night.The album includes special appearances by singer Jorge Laboy.The album was released in 2002.
 For the usage in cinema see Version originale (cinema)Version Originale is the fourth album by Melbourne singer-songwriter Lisa Miller. It is an album of original material which followed up her previous album Car Tape a collection of cover versions. Thus the name of the album. It was released in Australia in 2003 and earned nominations in the 2004 ARIA Awards for Best Female Artist and Best Adult Contemporary Album.
 The suitably titled 30th Anniversary Collection is a triple CD collection released in 2008 celebrating the 30th anniversary of Whitesnake.
 Love Us or Hate Us is the fourth album released by rap group Dirty. It was released on September 30 2003 through Rap-a-Lot Records and featured production from Dirty Mike Jackson and R. Kelly. The album peaked at #160 on the Billboard 200 and #22 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and was the duo's first album to be distributed by Rap-a-Lot Records.
 What a Woman Needs is the eleventh album by singer Melba Moore released in 1981. This is her first album on the EMI America-Capitol Records imprint.
 Syrinjia is an album by Muslimgauze.
 Live at Blues Alley is an album by American singer Eva Cassidy originally self released in May 1996. This live album was recorded at the Blues Alley in January 1996. It is the final album by Cassidy before her death.
 Back in the Shootin' Match is the first album released by Ace Troubleshooter. As with their second album this album is currently out of print but some of the tracks can be found through the AceTroubleshooter.com forums (though the site may not always be working).
 Bloodhymns is Necrophobic's fourth full-length studio album.
 Use Once and Destroy is the first release from heavy metal band Superjoint Ritual.It was recorded in lead singer Phil Anselmo's barn turned recording studio in Louisiana. The guitar and bass work was done by Phil Anselmo and Eyehategod's Jimmy Bower. Drumming was performed by Joe Fazzio. For touring bass duties Superjoint Ritual recruited Hank Williams III. Anselmo did not want to play bass live because he wanted to focus mainly on singing.
 Ampeauty is the fifth album of the Austrian death metal band Pungent Stench. It was originally released in 2004 on Nuclear Blast. The lyrical content is more fetish-oriented than on the previous albums with many songs focusing on acrotomophilia and apotemnophilia.
 For the Sake of the Song is the debut album by country singer/songwriter Townes Van Zandt released in 1968. The majority of the songs including the title track Tecumseh Valley (Quicksilver Daydreams of) Maria Waiting 'Round to Die and Sad Cinderella were re-recorded in more stripped-down versions for subsequent studio albums.
 A Letter Home is the thirty-fifth studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young. It was released on April 19 2014 on Record Store Day by Third Man Records. The entire album which consists of covers of classic songs by Bruce Springsteen Bob Dylan Willie Nelson and others was recorded in a refurbished 1947 Voice-o-Graph vinyl recording booth at Jack White's Third Man store in Nashville Tennessee.
 Cosmotron is the sixth studio album released by Skank in 2003.
 Fly Yellow Moon is the debut solo album from British artist Fyfe Dangerfield known as the frontman of the band Guillemots. It was released on January 18 2010 in the United Kingdom on Polydor Records. She Needs Me was released as the lead single in the UK while When You Walk in the Room was released in the U.S. (in the UK it was given away for free on Dangerfield's web site).
 Dottie is an album by country music singer Dottie West released in 1978.This was West's second album as a solo artist under her new label United Artists Records. The year the album was released West also released an album with Kenny Rogers entitled Every Time Two Fools Collide. The title track and the album hit No. 1 on the Billboard Country charts and revitalized West's career. However her duet partner was still releasing a solo album of his own. West decided to do the same thing.
 Once Upon Another Time is an EP by the singer-songwriter Sara Bareilles released on 22 May 2012.The first single Stay was released on Record Store Day 2012 only on 7 vinyl accompanied by the vinyl-only B-side Beautiful Girl.
 2-Z is an album by American jazz pianist Matthew Shipp with AACM saxophonist Roscoe Mitchell which was recorded in 1995 and released on the 2.13.61 label. Shipp played previously with Mitchell's Note Factory on the album This Dance Is for Steve McCall but 2-Z represents their first collaboration with Shipp as a leader.
 Sesame's Treet is a 1992 album by British rave group Smart E's.
 Super Hits is a compilation album by hip-hop group Cypress Hill. It was released in 2008 and forms part of Sony Music's budget Super Hits series. The album consists of single and album tracks taken from Cypress Hill Black Sunday Skull & Bones and Till Death Do Us Part. Although not noted as such all tracks are the 'clean' versions and have all profanity removed.
 Los Hombres Malo is the 7th album by American rock band Outlaws released in 1982.
 Saturday Night is the second and final studio album from American R&B group Zhané released April 22 1997 on Motown Records. This was their final album as a duo amongst disbanding in 1999 to pursue solo efforts.The album peaked at number forty-one on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Hi Voltage is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on October 9 1967 and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Mobley with Jackie McLean Blue Mitchell John Hicks Billy Higgins and Bob Cranshaw.
 Live in Paris and Toronto is a two CD live album by Loreena McKennitt released in 1999. Disc one is a live performance of the studio album The Book of Secrets; disc two features songs from her albums The Visit and The Mask and Mirror.
 Illumination is an album by R&B band Earth Wind & Fire. It was released in September 2005 on Sanctuary Records. It featured collaborations with several artists including Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis Kenny G Kelly Rowland will.i.am and Brian McKnight. Illumination debuted at number 32 on the Billboard 200 Chart and number 8 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums Chart.
 Magic is the fifth studio album by Japanese Jazz fusion band T-Square who were then known as The Square. It was released on November 1 1981.
 Survive is the ninth studio album by Japanese rock band B'z. The album sold 1040160 copies in its first week lower than their last studio album the album still managed to sell over 1723030 copies.
 ( ) is the third full-length album from Icelandic band Sigur Rós first released in October 2002. It comprises eight untitled tracks divided into two parts: the first four tracks are lighter and more optimistic while the latter four are bleaker and more melancholic. The two halves are divided by a 36-second silence and the album opens and closes with a click of distortion.
 Paris 1967/San Francisco 1968 is a posthumous live album by The Jimi Hendrix Experience released on April 24 2003 by Dagger Records. The album contains songs from The Jimi Hendrix Experience's performances at the Olympia in Paris France on October 9 1967 and Winterland in San Francisco California USA on February 4 1968. The Paris show is not complete on this release. Two superb examples of the spirited performance were included as part of the 2000 Jimi Hendrix Experience box set.
 Bilingual is the tenth album (sixth containing all original material) by the English electronic duo Pet Shop Boys released in 1996. The album has sold about 1000000 copies worldwide.
 This Is Christmas is the fourth studio and first Christmas album by Australian recording artist Anthony Callea. It was released on 8 November 2013 by ABC Music. The album mostly consists of Christmas classics such as Silent Night and O Holy Night but also includes cover versions of recent Christmas pop songs by such as Don't Save It All for Christmas Day by Céline Dion and Note to God by JoJo.
 When Young Terrorists Chase the Sun is an album by Gerling released in September 2001. It was released in the UK under the title Headzcleaner.
 Ramones is an EP by the American hardcore punk/ska punk band Operation Ivy. The one-sided 12 vinyl bootleg featuring covers of six Ramones songs was pressed in a limited run of 300 copies hand numbered by an obscure German label Metropolis Records and was released in 1987. The vinyl was pressed in red blue and white; each 100 in number.The bootleg is notorious for being the band's rarest bootleg and also for its low recording quality.[citation needed]
 Innocence is the fifth studio album by Japanese recording artist Arisa Mizuki released through Avex Tune on November 17 1999. It is Mizuki's first studio album in over four years since Cute and the first to be released under Avex Tune. The album produced four original singles: Through the Season Oh Darling (released under the alias Convertible) Asahi no Ataru Hashi and Eternal Message.
 Chet Floyd & Danny is the title of a recording by Chet Atkins Floyd Cramer and Danny Davis. Davis was the creator of The Nashville Brass which recorded country songs with brass instruments.Chet Floyd & Danny was nominated for the Best Country & Western Instrumental Performance Grammy in 1978. It did not win. Chet was up against himself in the same category since Me and My Guitar was also nominated.
 The Rough Guide to Tango is a world music compilation album originally released in 1999. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the album presents the tango music of Argentina with an eye toward the history of the genre featuring 78 rpm recordings to tracks of the modern day. Teddy Peiro & Tom Andrews wrote the liner notes and Phil Stanton—co-founder of the World Music Network—produced and compiled the album. This release was followed by a second edition a decade later.
 Metamorphosis is the third compilation album of The Rolling Stones music released by former manager Allen Klein's ABKCO Records (who usurped control of the band's Decca/London material in 1970) after the band's departure from Decca and Klein. Released in 1975 Metamorphosis centres on outtakes and alternate versions of well-known songs recorded from 1964 to 1970.
 One Ten Hundred Thousand Million is the second album by indietronica band The Octopus Project. It was released October 25 2005 on Peek-A-Boo Records.
 Total is the first greatest-hits album by Mexican pop/rock singer Belinda.
 44th Street Suite is a 1991 album by McCoy Tyner released on the Bob Thiele's Red Baron label. It was recorded in May 1991 and features performances by Tyner with David Murray Arthur Blythe Ron Carter and Aaron Scott. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states that Little all that memorable occurs considering the players involved (a little more planning would have worked wonders) but the music does have its exciting moments.
 Peligrosamente Juntos is the eighth album released by Spanish rock band Hombres G released in 2002. A second version was released in 2004.
 Progress is an album released by Rx Bandits on July 17 2001 through Drive-Thru Records.The LP was originally titled Artificial Intelligence and the Fall of Technology.[citation needed]The album was recorded during a tumultuous time in the band's lineup.
 Pure Imagination is a 1998 album by jazz pianist Eric Reed released through Impulse! Records. This album contains reinterpretations (remakes) of traditional pop songs from classic Broadway and Hollywood productions such as Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory Porgy and Bess A Little Night Music among others. Pure Imagination has peaked at #8 on Billboard's Top Jazz Album charts.
 Nephology is the second studio album by German electronic artists Air Liquide which was released in 1994.The German and UK releases of the album contained different track listings.
 Solid Silver is the eighth album by American psychedelic rock band Quicksilver Messenger Service and their mid-70s comeback album.
 Year Of The Witch is a 2004 album by Seven Witches and the last to feature James Rivera on vocals. The first track Metal Asylum is a tribute to all the bands that have inspired them and last eight tracks are a concept about a man named Jacob.
 Odetta Sings Dylan is the 1965 album by American folk singer Odetta an entire album of covers of Bob Dylan songs. Odetta was a Civil rights activist. Although she grew up in the city she described black folk music and spirituals as “liberation songs and used this music to “do my teaching and preaching my propagandizing.” Both Odetta and Bob Dylan sang at the 1963 Civil Rights March in Washington DC.
 Swing con Son is a 1996 album by Venezuelan musician Alberto Naranjo.
 Roy Buchanan is the second self-titled album (his first album for Polydor) by American guitarist and blues musician Roy Buchanan.
 Four Cornered Night is the second full-length album by American rock band Jets to Brazil released 29th August 2000 on Jade Tree Records.
 Contours is the second album by American saxophonist Sam Rivers recorded in 1965 and released on the Blue Note label. The CD reissue contains an alternate take as a bonus track.
 Spiritual Minded is rapper KRS-One's fifth official album. It was released in January 2002 on Koch Records. KRS-One's Christian lyrical content came as a surprise to fans and critics as he had previously written songs critical of Christianity and organised religion. The album also makes references to the Temple of Hiphop founded by KRS-One.
 Bad Love is the tenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Randy Newman released in 1999. It was Newman's first solo album since 1988s Land of Dreams and followed an 11-year hiatus during which Newman had focused on film soundtracks receiving several Academy Award nominations.It received generally positive reviews from critics.
 Cowboys Sisters Rascals & Dirt is an album by Waylon Jennings released in 1993 through RCA Records and Ode 2 Kids Records. A concept album it features Jennings singing compositions intended for children. All but one of the tracks on the record were written by the singer himself. The final song is dedicated to Jennings' son Shooter. While a music video for Cowboy Movies was filmed the album itself did not chart.
 Skynyrd's First and...Last was the original name of the posthumous album first released in 1978 by the rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. The original 1978 version of the album is now out of print. In 1998 it was renamed and re-released as Skynyrd's First: The Complete Muscle Shoals Album which was expanded to included eight additional tracks six of which were previously unreleased. As the renamed title suggests the album was recorded at Muscle Shoals Sound Studio in Alabama.
 Under the Big Black Sun is the third album by the American punk band X and their major-label debut. It was released on Elektra Records in 1982 and reissued on Rhino Records in 2001 with bonus tracks.
 Super Jam is a live studio recording featuring jazz pop and traditional standards many of them film scores included in the German TV series Villa Fantastica. The album featured the series' musical director Brian Auger on piano Pete York on drums Dick Morrissey on tenor saxophone Roy Williams on trombone Harvey Weston on bass guitar plus the singers Zoot Money and Maria Muldaur.
 Awakening of Aggression is the fourth solo album by video game music composer Frank Klepacki released in 2006 and featuring as usual ten songs.
 Torched is the recording guitarist Michael Hedges was working on at the time of his fatal automobile accident in 1997. It was released posthumously on the Windham Hill label.
 Baby Snakes is the soundtrack to Frank Zappa's film of the same name. It features several of the songs from the film and was originally released as a picture disc. The track Baby Snakes is the studio recording which appears on Sheik Yerbouti but omits the opening riff (instead starting at the first verse). All others are live recordings unique to this album and the film. In 2012 Baby Snakes: The Compleat Soundtrack was released to iTunes.
 Long Road Out of Eden is the seventh studio album by the Eagles released in 2007 on Lost Highway Records. Nearly six years in production Long Road Out of Eden is the first studio album from the Eagles since 1979's The Long Run and along with the four original tracks on 1994 Hell Freezes Over and two songs in 2003 (Hole in the World) and 2005 (One Day at a Time) the only original material since.The album produced two singles on the Hot Country Songs charts: a cover of J.D.
 Gorgeous is the 2nd mini-album released by the South Korean boy band F.Cuz. The album was released in physical and digital format on November 18 2010. The mini-album was also released in Japan and Taiwan on December 8 2010 and December 16 2010 respectively.
 The Waking Hour is the only studio album by English post-punk band Dalis Car the side project of Peter Murphy of Bauhaus and Mick Karn of Japan. It was released in November 1984.
 A Night at the Met is the third official album release by Robin Williams in 1986. It features segments recorded live at Metropolitan Opera House in New York City. The album won the 1988 Grammy Award for Best Comedy Performance Single or Album Spoken or Musical.The album was released the year before Williams' critically acclaimed performance in the motion picture Good Morning Vietnam (1987).
 Leap! and Take the Leap! are the names for Toyah Willcox's project subsequent to Ophelia's Shadow. It consists of six new tracks either previously unrecorded or written for the new album and eight older tracks re-recorded with her new band.It was originally released as Leap! a cassette-only tour album and was sold at concerts during her 1993 tour. A CD version called Take the Leap! was released in Japan the following year.
 Love in a Small Town is the third studio album by American country music artist K. T. Oslin. It was released by RCA Nashville in 1990. Two Hearts Come Next Monday Mary and Willie You Call Everybody Darling and Cornell Crawford were released as singles. The album reached #5 on the Top Country Albums chart and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
 Roberta Flack Featuring Donny Hathaway is Roberta Flack's ninth album. It was intended as the second duets album to feature Donny Hathaway and her. Hathaway only recorded two songs (You Are My Heaven and Back Together Again) for this album before his suicide. Flack finished the rest of the record on her own.
 In Case You Didn't Know is the second studio album by English singer-songwriter Olly Murs released on 25 November 2011 through Epic Records. The album's release was preceded by the number-one singles Heart Skips a Beat on 19 August 2011 and Dance with Me Tonight on 20 November 2011. The album's track listing was confirmed by Digital Spy on 7 October 2011.
 Mad Love is a platinum-certified Grammy-nominated 1980 rock album by singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt. It debuted at #5 on the Billboard album chart a record at the time and a first for any female artist and quickly became her seventh consecutive million-selling album.The album contains versions of Elvis Costello's Party Girl Girls Talk and Talking in the Dark as well as Neil Young's Look Out for My Love.
 Zorya (Cyrillic: Зоря) is the debut release by the Canadian-Ukrainian singer-songwriter Luba then known under her full name Lubomyra Kowalchyk. It is a collaboration with an ensemble called Via Zorya (Вiа Зоря). The album was recorded and released around 1975 on vinyl LP. The vinyl is still in print and the album has been made available as a digital download on various online stores.
 Tjejer & snubbar also known as Tjejer & snubbar kärringar & gubbar was released in March 1999 and is a studio album from Swedish dansband Lotta Engbergs. The album peaked at #50 at the Swedish album chart.The song Tjejer & snubbar kärringar & gubbar which is on this album and was written by Bo Fransson entered the Swedish hitlist Svensktoppen on May 8 1999 with the third place in the first round as best result.
 Shōtaijō no Nai Show (招待状のないショー) is the fifth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Yosui Inoue issued in March 1976. It was the first long-play record he released under the For Life Records a record label that he joined as one of the co-founders and started in 1975.
 Live at Montreux 2010 is a live album and Blu-ray/DVD by the Northern Irish Blues-Rock guitarist and singer Gary Moore. It was recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival on the 6th of July 2010 and released on the 19th of September 2011.
 Grayfolded is an album produced by John Oswald featuring the Grateful Dead song Dark Star. The album's name Grayfolded is a homophone of Grateful Dead.
 Jewels - compilation album of English rock-band Queen. Album was released only in Japan and in Taiwan (it was named «Jewels - The Very Best Of Queen» there) on CD.
 Outtakes Vol 1 is an mp3-download only compilation of demos and outtakes by Mark Mallman. It is only available through Mark Mallman's website.
 This Christmas is a Christmas album by John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John released on November 9 2012 by Universal Music Enterprises. The first time that Travolta and Newton-John worked together was on the musical film Grease (1978) which they performed the songs You're the One That I Want and Summer Nights. Both the film and the songs were a commercial phenomenon.
 80 (Greek: Ογδόντα; English: Eighty) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Tolis Voskopoulos. It was released in September 1980 by Minos EMI in Greece and it went gold selling over 50000 units. The original release was in stereo on vinyl and cassette.
 Solo Piano is an album by pianist Jaki Byard recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label.
 The is the second The Church recording of improvised jam rock after the 1998 Bastard Universe bonus disc from Hologram of Baal. It was the first of a series of planned jam releases and contains two extremely long tracks.
 Just Across the River is the twelfth album by American singer-songwriter Jimmy Webb released in June 2010 by Koch Records. The album features thirteen classic Jimmy Webb tunes performed by Webb with guest appearances by friends collaborators admirers and fellow recording artists Linda Ronstadt Jackson Browne Billy Joel Willie Nelson Glen Campbell Michael McDonald Mark Knopfler J.D. Souther Vince Gill and Lucinda Williams.
 Aspera Hiems Symfonia is the debut studio album by Norwegian avant-garde metal band Arcturus. This was the only black metal album Arcturus released though it still contains many of the experimental elements that are seen in their following albums which shifted into the genres of avant-garde and progressive metal. Four songs are re-recorded versions of the Constellation EP and the other four are new songs.
 For the song by Tanya Stephens see: These Streets (Tanya Stephens song)These Streets is the debut studio album by Scottish singer-songwriter Paolo Nutini released by Atlantic Records on 17 July 2006. Preceded by the single Last Request the album debuted and peaked at number 3 on the UK Albums Chart and was later certified with five Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry for domestic shipments in excess of 1500000 copies.
 Bondi Beach: New Years Eve '06 is a studio album by Fatboy Slim. It was recorded before he played at Bondi Beach in Sydney Australia. It contains tracks that he later went on to play in his live set at Bondi Beach. The title is often mistakenly written without the apostrophe in front of the 06. However the album art indicates that the correct spelling contains the apostrophe.The album is Fatboy Slim's first studio DJ set. Fala ai! and Dance Bitch were later studio DJ sets by Fatboy Slim.
 Kadhalan is the soundtrack to the 1994 Tamil film of the same name directed by Shankar. The soundtrack released as Kadhalan: The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack features 9 songs composed by A. R. Rahman and lyrics penned by Vairamuthu Vaali Shankar and Thirikudarasappa Kavirayar. Owing to the immense national popularity of the song Mukkabla the soundtrack was subsequently dubbed in Hindi as Humse Hai Muqabala and in Telugu as Premikudu. Lyrics for this versions were written by P. K.
 Attention Please is the seventeenth studio album by the Japanese experimental band Boris. The album was released on May 24 2011 through the label Sargent House. Its original release date was April 26 but this was pushed back.
 The New Normal is an album released by Australian progressive rock band Cog in April 2005. The album was produced in Weed California by Sylvia Massy who has worked with artists such as Tool and Spiderbait. Music videos for the songs My Enemy and Run have been made and Run was also released as a CD single in August.The New Normal is in many ways a concept album with the central concept being the oppression and injustice of a consumerist society.
 India's Most Distinguished Musician In Concert is a 1962 live album released by Ravi Shankar. It was recorded 19 November 1961 during one of Shankar's early seminal American performances at UCLA. It was later digitally remastered and released in CD format through Angel Records. The digital remastering was by Squires Productions.Supporting musicians are Kanai Dutt on tabla and Nodu Mullick on Tamboura.
 Skeleton Repelent is the fourth solo album by American indie hip hop artist Doseone. It was released in 2007. The album features contributions from Dan Boeckner of Wolf Parade.
 Severe Exposure was the second album by Six Finger Satellite released on July 11 1995 through Sub Pop. It was marked by the extensive use of synthesizers which augmented the jittery post-punk sound of the band's earlier releases.A video released for the single Parlour Games was featured on an episode of Beavis and Butt-head.Severe Exposure was recorded in Six Finger Satellite's studio The Parlour in Pawtucket Rhode Island.
 Megiddo is the first EP by Netherlands black metal band Carach Angren.
 ...Dawn+Dream II is a compilation album by the avant-garde/progressive death metal band Pan.Thy.Monium. The album consists of the band's only demo and EP ...Dawn and Dream II respectively. Compilation of '...Dawn' demo coupled with the 'Dream II' EP on vinyl strictly limited to a one-time-only pressing of 500 hand-numbered copies. 250 sets will be on 180 gram black vinyl and 250 sets on 180 gram gold vinyl.
 The Best of Princess Superstar also known as Come Up To My Room - The Best of Princess Superstar is Princess Superstar's first greatest hits album. Her sixth recording the album spans two discs and includes her 2005 LP My Machine in its entirety.
 Different Tacos is a 1996 live album by Texas-based blues rock band The Fabulous Thunderbirds. The album features a collection of rarities B-sides and outtakes from their first four albums. It also contains live tracks from various UK tours.
 China Gate is the third album by Cul de Sac released on May 21 1996 through Thirsty Ear Recordings.
 Signora Bovary is an album of Italian singer-songwriter Francesco Guccini. It was released in 1987 by EMI.
 Duets II is the 59th and last studio album by American singer Frank Sinatra. It was released in 1994 and was the sequel to the previous year's Duets.Phil Ramone produced the album and guest artists from various genres contributed their duet parts to Sinatra's already recorded vocals. Though not as commercially successful as Duets it still rose to #9 on the Billboard albums chart and sold over 1 million copies in the U.S.
 Hope Chest: The Fredonia Recordings 1982-1983 also known as just Hope Chest is a 1990 album by 10000 Maniacs. It compiles tracks from their early releases Human Conflict Number Five and Secrets of the I Ching. All the tracks on the album are remixed from their original versions.Note that the Human Conflict version of Tension is not included on the compilation only the re-recorded version of Tension that was included on Secrets of the I Ching.
 Transatlantic Years is a double compilation album by Billy Connolly released in 2001 on Sanctuary Records. It includes material recorded between 1969 and 1974 both with Connolly as a solo act and also as a member of the Humblebums either with Gerry Rafferty or Tam Harvey (or for a short period both).The liner notes include an anthology written by Shaun Stallard.
 What About Now is the twelfth studio album by American rock band Bon Jovi. Produced by John Shanks the album was released on March 8 2013 in Australia and March 12 2013 in the United States. The album is promoted throughout the band's 2013 Because We Can: The Tour. The album debuted at #1 in the U.S. where it sold 101000 copies in its first week debuting at #1 on the Billboard 200.
 Famureuta (ファムレウタ～子守唄～ Ryukyuan: Lullaby) is Rimi Natsukawa's second EP released on October 22 2003 (2003-10-22). It consists solely of recordings on lullabies. It is her second EP that solely features cover songs.
 Don't Look Back is the second studio album by American rock band Boston released in 1978. The title track is one of the band's biggest hits reaching #4 in 1978 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album sold over four million copies in the first month of its release and has been certified 7x platinum by the RIAA in the US.This album also marked the beginning of the band's legal fight with its record label Epic Records.
 [check quotation syntax]Crimson Tonight is an EP by The Stone Roses released with special editions of their album Second Coming. Crimson Tonight was only released in Australia and Japan. Crimson Tonight was a live recording of four tracks culled from Second Coming played during a concert at Páirc Uí Chaoimh County Cork as part of Ireland's Féile Festival in August 1995.
 For Sure! is a jazz album by pianist Kenny Drew recorded in 1978 for Xanadu Records.
 Remixes EP is an EP by The Postmarks released in 2006.
 Aretha In Paris is the first live album by American singer Aretha Franklin Released on October 12 1968 by Atlantic Records. The album was recorded in Paris on May 7 1968. It reached the Top 20 of Billboard's album chart. This recording was reissued on compact disc through Rhino Records in the 1990s.
 Moods is the eighth studio album by Neil Diamond released in 1972.
 Man Spricht Deutsch is the fifth album by the German metalcore band Callejon.It features exclusively cover versions of famous German songs. The Album entered the German Media Control Charts at No. 7.
 21 #1 Hits: The Ultimate Collection is an album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos released in 2006. Released shortly after his death it is a single-disc compilation containing all of Owens' number one chart hits.
 Hat Trick is the third original studio album by American folk rock trio America released by Warner Bros. Records in 1973. It was a modest hit in the US peaking at #28 on the Billboard album chart although it failed to go gold whereas the group's first two releases had platinum sales. The album produced one minor hit single Muskrat Love which reached #67 on the Billboard singles chart and #11 on the Adult Contemporary chart.
 Fat Sound is the seventh studio album by Bad Manners released in 1992 on Pork Pie Records.
 Michel'le is the debut album by singer Michel'le. The album was released in 1989 for Ruthless Records and was produced by Dr. Dre and DJ Yella (both of N.W.A) and executive produced by Eazy-E (also a member of N.W.A). The album was a huge success for Michel'le making it to #35 on the Billboard 200 and #5 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and was certified Gold by the RIAA.
 Kamchatka is the debut album of Swedish Kamchatka a 14 track album containing 3 covers: I Love Everybody originally written by Johnny Winter Auto Modown and Spacegirl Blues by Gerald V Casale. The album was recorded by Nicholas Elgstrand and Kamchatka mixed by Nicholas Elgstrand and Kamchatka at Shrimpmonkey studios and mastered by Bullen and Kamchatka at Mega Studios.
 Live in Geneva is a live album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow recorded in Geneva Switzerland.
 Street Moves is the debut album by Dutch group Twenty 4 Seven. It was produced by Ruud van Rijen and released on the label BCM Records in 1990. Captain Hollywood performed the rap parts.The album also features two singles I Can't Stand It! and its follow-up Are You Dreaming?. The latter includes a Bruce Forest remix of the song I Can't Stand It!.
 Montreal Assault is the first and only DVD by Canadian deathcore band Despised Icon. Released January 27 2009 through Century Media Montreal Assault peaked at #123 on the Billboard Top Music Videos.
 Simple Life is a collection of solo acoustic songs by Mason Jennings. It was released in 2002 on Architect Records.
 Mad As... is an anarcho-punk split-album by the band Oi Polloi and Toxik Ephex. It was released in 1987 on (Green Vomit Records).
 A Collection is the first greatest hits album of American pop-classical singer Josh Groban. It was released in late 2008 internationally.The compilation takes tracks from his first three studio albums Josh Groban (2001) Closer (2003) Awake (2006) as well as Groban's version of the Chess song Anthem from the Chess in Concert release.
 Homesick Heroes is a studio album by The Charlie Daniels Band released on August 15 1988. The album is known for the CDB's cover of the Jimmy Dean classic Big Bad John which also includes guest vocals by The Oak Ridge Boys.
 KARNAS is an album by the Polish singer Grzegorz Karnas.
 Our Earthly Pleasures is the second album by Newcastle-based alternative rock band Maxïmo Park. It was released on 2 April 2007 in the UK (and 8 May 2007 in the US) being preceded by the single Our Velocity released two weeks previously on 19 March 2007.
 Ed Hunter is a greatest hits album and video game released in 1999 by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden and Synthetic Dimensions respectively. The game objective consists of following Iron Maiden's mascot Eddie through various levels depicting the band's past album covers.
 Encouraging Words is the fifth studio album by Billy Preston released in 1970 on Apple Records. It was the second and last of his albums for The Beatles' label after which he moved to A&M.
 The Collection is a 2002 compilation album by Ugly Kid Joe. It features a collection of the band's music from their former label Mercury Records. Like The Very Best of Ugly Kid Joe: As Ugly as It Gets it does not contain any songs from Motel California which was released on Castle Records.
 Kisschasy: The Movie is Kisschasy's first ever official DVD release. Kisschasy: The Movie follows Aussie band Kisschasy as they hit the road for their largest and longest tour to date. This tour covered 37 shows in only six weeks. The movie documents the entire tour from the first morning they wake up til the last person standing at the home-coming party.
 Kiss Tha Game Goodbye is the first studio album by rapper Jadakiss through the Ruff Ryders/Interscope records. It was released in 2001 selling 204000 units in its first week. It was certified Gold by the RIAA on September 21 2001. To date the album has sold 877000 copies.
 Cult is the sixth regular studio album by American rock band Bayside released on February 18 2014 on Hopeless Records in North America.The album received generally favourable reviews.
 D Generation is the self-titled debut album released by New York City glam punk band D Generation. The track No Way Out was released from the record as a single. Tracks 13 5 and 7 are re-recorded versions of songs that had previously been released as 7-inch singles in 1993 (No Way Out b/w Guitar Mafia and Wasted Years b/w Waiting For The Next Big Parade).
 Kashtin is the debut album by Canadian folk rock duo Kashtin released in 1989. The album featured the hit singles Tshinanu and E Uassiuian.
 The Same Place is the third and final full length album that will be released by The Olivia Tremor Control of The Elephant 6 Recording Company in 2014. In an interview on the Recommended if You Like podcast on Boing Boing Will Cullen Hart stated that the third and final Olivia Tremor Control album would be titled The Same Place and will be released in 2014 after Circulatory System releases their upcoming LP.
 The Doink Years is an album released by The Grifters in 1996.The Grifters on the verge of releasing their first major label album on Sub Pop 1996 Shangri-La Records re-issued the first two self-released Grifters 7 singles as a 10 with a single per side and featuring a bonus track recorded in the same era.
 Loose... is an album by saxophonist Willis Jackson which was recorded in 1963 and released on the Prestige label.
 Light Eternal is an album by Dave Fitzgerald. Released in 1999. This is the third solo album from flute and saxophone player Dave Fitzgerald who was a founding member of Iona.
 True Crime is a live Zeke album recorded between 1993 and 1996. It was originally released on the Australia based record company Dropkick Records on CD and LP format. The album is currently out of print making copies of it rare and collectible. The cover is a picture of Night Stalker Richard Ramirez being arrested.
 All the King's Horses is a studio album by country singer Lynn Anderson released in 1976.Only one single (the title track) reached Country's Top 20 chart and one other reached the Top 40. The third and final one (Rodeo Cowboy) did not even hit the Top 40. The album includes a cover version of John Prine's Paradise one of the singles Anderson released from the album.
 Tentara Merah Darah is the fifth studio album released by the Indonesian death metal band Siksakubur.
 The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars (often shortened to Ziggy Stardust) is a 1972 concept album by English musician David Bowie which is loosely based on a story of a fictional rock star named Ziggy Stardust. It peaked at No. 5 in the UK and No. 75 in the US on the Billboard Music Charts.The album tells the story of Bowie's alter-ego Ziggy Stardust a rock star who acts as a messenger for extraterrestrial beings.
 City Lights is the first album Dr. John recorded for A&M Records' Horizon imprint released in 1978.
 Zero Zero Zero is the title of the second compilation album by Sam Phillips released in 1998 on Virgin Records.
 Boris Variations is a compilation of previously recorded and re-recorded audio music as well as live video music by Japanese band Boris. The CD comprises selections from six Boris full-length releases (Akuma no Uta Heavy Rocks Pink Rainbow Mabuta no Ura and SMILE) as well as one single b-side (Floor Shaker is from the Statement single). Five of the 13 songs have been re-recorded. Production credits on the CD are for Boris.
 In Cold Blood is a 1983 double album by Johnny Thunders. The In Cold Blood album contains studio recordings and the Live LP contains live recordings.
 Romantica is the sixth album by American alternative rock band Luna.
 The Blue EP is the latest material released by Spy Glass Blue.
 Hot and Spicy Beanburger released in 1993 is the fourth studio album by Dread Zeppelin.
 August and Everything After is the debut studio album by American rock band Counting Crows released September 14 1993 on Geffen Records.The album cover depicts handwritten lyrics to a song called August and Everything After but the band decided against featuring the song on the album of the same name; it was not until over a decade later that it was played as part of one of their live concerts.On September 18 2007 a two-disc deluxe edition of the album was issued.
 God Fodder is the first full-length album by British rock band Ned's Atomic Dustbin. It was released in 1991.
 Billo Rani is a studio album by Malkit Singh released on 20 November 2009.
 Live at Donte's (or The Joe Pass Trio Live at Donte's) is a live album by American jazz guitarist Joe Pass released in 1974 (see 1974 in music). It was originally released as a double-LP and reissued on CD by Pablo in 1995 and again in 2002.After spending over ten years playing in relative obscurity Pass released the critically acclaimed solo-guitar Virtuoso and also played on two Ella Fitzgerald releases.
 Going Home is an album by American blues artist Taj Mahal.
 Hammerhead is Solace's half of 2004's Blackmarket/Hammerhead split EP re-released in 2006 on limited edition 10 inch vinyl.Recorded at New Alliance Studios in Boston MA Hammerhead found Solace experimenting with some new styles to nice effect. Two cover songs - a title track originally by Rare Bird and Link Wray's Rumble - were described as bombastic on fire and sounding like some New Wave of British Heavy Metal classic.
 Spark to a Flame: The Very Best of Chris de Burgh is the third compilation album by Chris de Burgh released by A&M Records in 1989. The album was released largely to capitalise on the resurgence of de Burgh's career after the smash hit of The Lady In Red three years earlier. As a result most of the tracks are drawn from his 1980s albums The Getaway Man On The Line Into The Light and Flying Colours.
 The Jungle Book the soundtrack to eponymous Disney film has been released in three different versions since the film's release in 1967. The film score was composed by George Bruns with songs written by Terry Gilkyson and the Sherman Brothers.
 The Five Steps from Forever [EP] is the final formal studio recording by the Boston metalcore band Aftershock before they disbanded. Its tracks also appear on their 2-disc compilation album Propaganda. The EP is known for having Aftershock's best known single For Those of You Who Kill.
 Dreamland is English rock singer Robert Plant's seventh solo album and the first with his band Strange Sensation. It was released in July 2002.Many of the songs are cover versions mainly blues but also some rock. It was nominated for two Grammys in 2002 — The Best Rock Album and The Best Male Rock Performance.
 laut-Los is the title of Christina Stürmers acoustic album. It was released on April 4 2008. It's her first unplugged album including five new songs. The song Fieber is the official anthem of the Austrian soccer team for the EURO 2008.The album was certified Platinum in Austria.
 Run into the Light is the second extended play by English recording artist Ellie Goulding released exclusively on iTunes on 30 August 2010 by Polydor Records. The EP consists of six remixes of tracks from her debut album Lights four of them being previously unreleased. The album was supported by Nike and released through Polydor as a running soundtrack in an effort to get Goulding's music taken up by the national running subculture.
 Tear of Thought is an album released by the Australian rock band The Screaming Jets. Singles that were taken off this album were Shivers/Starting Out (AUS#19-Feb 93) Helping Hand (AUS#25-May 94) Tunnel (AUS#39-Aug. 94).
 3rd Album Part B: Growing Season is a studio album by Korean singer Younha released on December 11 2009. While technically her fourth Korean album it is only a part of the third album as a whole as referenced by the album title.
 The Golden Age is the third album by American alternative rock band Cracker. Lavish videos exist for I Hate My Generation and Nothing to Believe In.
 The Process is the debut studio album by American record production duo Play-N-Skillz released on October 18 2005 by Universal Music.
 The Incredibles is the original score album featured on the film of the same name composed by Michael Giacchino. The Incredibles is the first Pixar film to be scored by Michael Giacchino. Brad Bird was looking for a specific sound as inspired by the film's design — the future as seen from the 1960s. John Barry was the first choice to do the film's score with a trailer of the film given a rerecording of Barry's theme to On Her Majesty's Secret Service.
 Private Radio is the debut album by American actor and singer/songwriter Billy Bob Thornton. His first foray into recorded music following a successful movie career up to the time of the album's release it was a traditional country music album released by Universal Records in September 2001.The song Angelina is a song written for his then-wife Angelina Jolie.
 Torches is the debut studio album by American indie pop band Foster the People. It was released on May 23 2011 on Columbia Records and Startime International in the United States.In 2010 the group parlayed the popularity of frontman Mark Foster's song Pumped Up Kicks into a record deal with Startime International and wrote the album to back up the song's popularity.
 Ultimatum is the second full-length album by the band Nightstick.
 The Dusty Foot Philosopher is the first studio album by Somali-Canadian rapper K'naan after releasing a mixtape published by BMG Music on June 7 2005 in Canada and June 23 2005 in the United States.
 The Complete Album Collection Vol. 1 is a box set released in 2013 by Bob Dylan. It includes 35 studio albums released between 1962 and 2012 6 live albums and a compilation album Side Tracks which contains previously released material unavailable on regular studio albums. This release is the first time that the 1973 album Dylan has been released on CD in North America. 14 of the albums have been remastered for this release.
 Hey You is the debut EP of Japanese band Mono. Karelia and L'America appear on Under The Pipal Tree.
 Super Hits is a 1999 compilation album by Alan Jackson. The album was re-released in 2007. It is part of a series of similar Super Hits albums issued by Sony BMG the parent company of Jackson's label Arista Nashville.
 Nova akropola (New Acropolis in Slovene) was the second album by Laibach. It was released in 1985.
 Tales with Misono: Best is an EP/greatest hits album by former Day After Tomorrow lead singer Misono. The disc features 6 songs 2 by Day After Tomorrow and 4 by Misono one of which is a previously unreleased track.
 Shine: The Best of Annie Crummer is a greatest hits album by New Zealand singer Annie Crummer released in 2002.
 Asobi Seksu is the debut album by New York-based shoegazing band Asobi Seksu. It was released on May 18 2004 through Friendly Fire Recordings in the US and on June 4 2007 in Europe by One Little Indian Records.
 Rodéo is a 2004 album recorded by French pop singer Zazie. It was her fifth studio album and her seventh album overall. It was released on 22 November 2004 and achieved success in francophone countries. It provided four singles but all of them were only released as promotional singles and therefore did not chart.
 Mirror Man is the fifth studio album by Captain Beefheart and his Magic Band. It contains material which was recorded in 1967 for Buddah Records and which was originally intended for release as part of an abandoned project entitled It Comes to You in a Plain Brown Wrapper. Much of the material from this project was subsequently re-recorded and released through a different label as Strictly Personal (1968).
 Smiling Can Backfire was the first release by band Pistol Youth released in 2007.To make the EP each member had to record their own parts of the song from where they were then send them back to Brad Carter in Los Angeles where they were finally put together. Following the release Carter invited the other members of Pistol Youth to come visit him in Los Angeles so they could finally meet each other and write music together in the same room.
 4Him is the self-titled first studio album of the Contemporary Christian group 4Him. It was released on Benson Records.
 The Best of Two Worlds was released by Columbia Records in 1976 to feature Stan Getz in a reunion with João Gilberto. Their previous collaboration was a decade earlier on Getz/Gilberto Vol. 2. Heloisa Buarque de Hollanda (Miúcha) who was then married to João Gilberto sang the English vocals.
 Soulful Fruit is the first album by the turntablist Rob Swift. It was released on May 13 1997 by Stones Throw Records and was produced by Rob Swift Mista Sinista and Roc Raida. The album was a huge critical success gaining many positive reviews. Soulful Fruit is regarded by many as one of the best turntablism albums ever made.
 Wonderlust is a live album by indie rocker Heather Nova released in 2000 (see 2000 in music).
 Lifeline is the fourth EP and eighth overall release by Jesu. It was released on CD on October 4 2007 in Japan and October 23 2007 in America. In 2009 popular music publication Pitchfork Media cited Lifeline as the best non-collaborative release in Broadrick's unwieldy discography.
 Habits of the Heart is the debut album by Idle Warship a collaboration between hip-hop artist Talib Kweli and singer Res released on November 1 2011.
 Amplificata is the title of the second album by Broadside Electric. It was released on January 3rd 1995 in the United States.
 Dawn is the third Danger Danger album to feature Bruno Ravel on guitar as well as bass. It is the third Danger Danger album in order of release though it isn't the third to be recorded.On this album the band went in a very different direction musically lyrically and image wise from its previous albums. It can loosely be compared to Warrant's Ultraphobic which was also released in 1995.This album was released in place of Cockroach which was scheduled for a 1993 release.
 I'm Alright is a 1985 album by Loudon Wainwright III. It was his third release on Rounder Records recorded in London. It was produced by Richard Thompson who also played electric lead guitar on several songs. The back cover features a photo of the two together captioned 'Loud and Rich'. The poignant Screaming Issue one of Wainwright's few collaborations – this time with Terre Roche of The Roches – was never compiled nor has it appeared on a live album.
 Business Never Personal is the fourth studio album by hip hop duo EPMD released July 28 1992 on Def Jam Records. Following mixed criticism of their previous studio effort 1990's Business As Usual the duo was able to return to their past acclaim on Business Never Personal. The album is considered the duo's third classic by fans and critics. The record was originally given a rating of 4.5 mics out of 5 in The Source in 1992.
 Global Underground 012: Dave Seaman Buenos Aires is a DJ mix album in the Global Underground series compiled and mixed by Dave Seaman. The mix is a retrospective look at a set at the Pacha club in Buenos Aires Argentina.Dave Seaman arrives for the first of what turns out to be string of GU City releases spanning subsequent years.
 Resurrection is the tenth album by heavy metal band Venom. It was released on SPV/Steamhammer in 2000. It is the last Venom album to feature original member Mantas on guitar.
 Watergate is the second album by American underground hip hop group Thirsty Fish. It was released on Mush Records on May 10 2011. It is a follow up to the 2007 album Testing the Waters. The album is executive produced by Busdriver of Project Blowed.
 Disclaimer is the major label debut by post-grunge band Seether released in 2002. It features three successful singles which would remain some of the band's most well-known songs. It is their first release under their current name after changing it from Saron Gas in 2002 to avoid confusion with a deadly nerve agent known as sarin gas.
 Crystal Days: 1979–1999 is a four CD box set by Echo & the Bunnymen which was released in July 2001. It is a retrospective of the band's work between 1979 and 1999 although it omits the material released when the band was fronted by Noel Burke (1990–92).
 Christmas on Death Row is a compilation released by Death Row Records on December 5 1996. The album sold 200000 copies. The album was made as a form of charity to the community.
 The Dreamer is the sixth album and fifth studio album of Old 97's front man Rhett Miller. It was released in June 2012 and is his first self-produced album. One song is a duet with Rosanne Cash.
 Album of the Year is the fourth studio album by hip hop producer and rapper Black Milk which was released on September 14 2010 by Fat Beats. Production for the album was handled by himself with assistance by Will Sessions.
 Cookies 'n Cream is a collaborative studio album by American rappers Blanco and Yukmouth released July 10 2012 on Guerrilla/Smoke-a-Lot Records.
 Kidz Bop 21 is the 21st album in the Kidz Bop series. It was released on February 8 2012.
 What I Really Want for Christmas is the seventh studio album by Brian Wilson and his first seasonal release. It was released by Arista Records in October 2005 and features many traditional Christmas songs as well some of Wilson's originals including remakes of The Beach Boys' Little Saint Nick and The Man with All the Toys.
 Alone Together is an studio album by American composer/arranger/pianist Clare Fischer recorded in October 1975 and released in 1977 on the German label MPS and in the US by Discovery Records in 1980 (catalogue number DS 820).
 Walk with Me in Hell is a 2008 live DVD by American metal band Lamb of God. On May 1st 2008 Lamb of God stated via Myspace that their new live DVD Walk with Me in Hell would be released on July 1 2008. The DVD is two discs long and has nearly five hours of footage.
 Good News is the second studio album released by German singer and songwriter Lena Meyer-Landrut. It was released in Germany on 8 February 2011 through Universal Music following Meyer-Landrut's win of the Eurovision Song Contest in 2010. The album includes the songs performed by Lena during the televised preselection process for the song she would perform at the 2011 contest to defend her title.
 Strawberry Moon is a jazz album by Grover Washington Jr. It was released in 1987 through Columbia Records catalog 40510. The album was self-produced by Grover Washington Jr except for two tracks. The first of these Summer Nights was produced by Marcus Miller and was released as a single reaching #35 in the Billboard R&B Charts. The second I Will Be Here for You was co-produced by Washington and Michael J. Powell.
 Follow The Sun is the fifth studio album by Evermore and was released on 12 October 2012. The album was partly recorded using a portable studio during a world trip. Two singles Follow The Sun and Hero have been released.
 Gotta Get It is a collaboration album by rappers Juvenile and JT the Bigga Figga. The album was released on October 2 2002 from Get Low Recordz/UTP Records and was produced by Juvenile and JT the Bigga Figga.
 Beginnings is the third album by Canadian pianist and composer David Braid and the first to feature the duo he co-leads with clarinetist Phil Nimmons Nimmons'n'Braid. It was recorded live in Dundas Ontario in 2004. The album's track names and customizable artwork contain references to the seven notes of the musical alphabet.
 The Source Hip Hop Music Awards 2000 is a music compilation album contributed by The Source magazine. Released August 15 2000 and distributed by Def Jam Recordings Hip Hop Music Awards 2000 is the second annual album produced by the magazine to focus on its nominees of the now-defunct award show. It features seventeen hip hop and rap hits.
 ...My Huckleberry Friend: Johnny Mercer Sings the Songs of Johnny Mercer is an album by singer/composer Johnny Mercer released in 1974. Recorded just two years before his death ...My Huckleberry Friend features by and large updated funky arrangements of most of Mercer's most popular tunes as interpreted by the author himself. The instrumentation relies heavily (but not exclusively) on a flute-lead horn section electric piano and funk/R&B-tinged percussion.
 What a Difference a Day Makes is the debut album from Canadian R&B singer Cory Lee. It was released on July 26 2005. Only two singles was released to promote the album - The Naughty Song and Goodbye.
 Kidz Bop 20 is the 20th album in the Kidz Bop series. It was released on July 19 2011 it was released on the 10th anniversary after the first Kidz Bop. This album features new Kidz Bop members (See below)
 Happening Live! is the fourth album by the Outsiders. Although represented as being a live album in actuality crowd noises and song introductions were added to studio recordings.
 Nihil is the eighth studio album by industrial rock group KMFDM released on April 4 1995 on Wax Trax!/TVT. Nihil was recorded in 1994 in Seattle Washington and featured the return of former band member Raymond Watts and the first appearance of journeyman drummer Bill Rieflin. The album was mostly written by band leader Sascha Konietzko who emphasized a less guitar-driven sound for the release.
 A Book of Human Language is the second solo album by Los Angeles rapper Aceyalone released in April 1998. It was produced entirely by Mumbles and features no guest vocalists. A single was also released of The Faces with The Guidelines featured as a b-side.
 Vórtice Marxista (Marxist Vortex) is the first b-sides album by Argentine rock group Babasónicos. It consists of tracks that were left out of their first two albums: Pasto and Trance Zomba.
 16 Biggest Hits is a 2006 John Denver compilation album. It is part of a series of similar 16 Biggest Hits albums released by Legacy Recordings.
 The House Of Apples & Eyeballs is a collaborative album by Black Moth Super Rainbow and The Octopus Project.
 Death Penalty is the debut album by British heavy metal band Witchfinder General. It was released in 1982 on Heavy Metal Records. The album received some criticism for the cover photograph which featured topless model Joanne Latham. The photograph had been taken in the yard of St Mary the Blessed Virgin Church in Enville Staffordshire without the permission of the local Reverend. The album was originally released on LP and picture disc and was later reissued on CD.
 El Imperio Nazza is a series of compilations by popular reggaeton producers Musicologo & Menes Los De La Nazza distributed by El Cartel Records.
 The Sabbath Collection is a compilation album released in 1985 by the heavy metal band Black Sabbath. The album was released without the consent of the band and is therefore considered unofficial. There are some mistakes with the track listing; Sleeping Village and Warning's track length listings were inverted giving Sleeping Village a length of 10:47 and Warning a length of 3:30.
 The Caitiff Choir is the debut full-length album by the band It Dies Today. It was released on September 21 2004 via Trustkill Records. A Threnody for Modern Romance served as the album's lead single followed by Severed Ties Yield Severed Heads. Music videos were released for both tracks.On March 21 2006 the album was re-released with a new artwork a slightly different mix and seven bonus tracks.
 Underdog: Original Soundtrack is the licenced soundtrack from the 2007 film adaption of Underdog. It is currently only available as a download on various online music stores.
 Anybody Out There is the fourth full-length album by pop punk band Rufio. This is the band's first album since their hiatus in 2007. Rufio announced the first single from the album entitled Little World as well as the album tracklist and the pre-order and 'Old School Fan Package.' This will be the first album featuring new members Taylor Albaugh (bass) and Terry Stirling Jr. (drums). The album was released on July 27 2010.
 Playlist: The Very Best of Clay Aiken is a compilation of remastered original recordings by pop singer Clay Aiken. It is part of a series of similar series of Playlist albums issued by Legacy Recordings.The tracklisting includes fan favorites the No. 1 single “This Is The Night” the Top 5 “Solitaire” and others handpicked by Aiken from his albums. The album was released on March 31 2009. A PDF file included on the CD contains the song credits photographs and liner notes.
 (III) is the third studio album by Canadian electronic music duo Crystal Castles. The album was released in the United Kingdom on November 12 2012. It was initially planned to be released on November 5 2012 before being delayed. Produced entirely by Ethan Kath (III) was recorded in Warsaw and mixed in London. The album addresses the theme of oppression with the musicians using different pedals and keyboards to create a diverse palette of sound.
 The High Life is Reef the Lost Cauze's debut album with producer Sleep E on most of the tracks. Reef displays a wide variety of topics and stories from a relationship ending badly (Bitter) to eating children (Impregnable).
 Money Jaws is the second studio album by American hip hop band Honey Claws. The album was released on July 15 2012. After worldwide success of their track Digital Animal the band members re-joined in Austin TX for a month to record this album. The album has a slightly different sound that their previous work Honey Claws because some band members (Ben Senior and Traey Hatch) couldn't join.
 The Twilight Sad is the debut EP by The Twilight Sad released on 14 November 2006 on Fat Cat Records. The EP was only released in the United States. Regarding its US-only release former bassist Craig Orzel stated that the American side of Fat Cat wanted a release to announce our arrival so they got that.
 Les Hommes Morts sont Dangereux (English: Dead Men are Dangerous) was the only full studio album by the French electro-punk band Métal Urbain. The album was originally released in 1980 (on vinyl).Songs on the album are a compilation of the group's singles from the previous three years (Paris Maquis Hystérie connective and Panik) and John Peel BBC Radio 1 session recordings.
 Live at Smålands Nation Lund Sweden May 29 1993 is a live album by Brainbombs. It was released in 2008 by Richie Records in the U.S.
 Kelly Great is an album by pianist Wynton Kelly released in 1959.
 Dead Man is the debut studio album by Swedish psychedelic rock band Dead Man released on January 25 on CD and February 25 2006 on LP by Crusher Records.
 1956 is an album by hip hop group Soul-Junk. It was released in July 2000 on 5 Minute Walk. Some tracks were selected to appear on the MTV reality show Road Rules.
 The Ultimate Collection is a box set by American recording artist Michael Jackson. It was released on November 16 2004 by Epic Records and consist of four audio CDs and one DVD. Selling over a million copies the DVD marked the first appearance of Live in Bucharest: The Dangerous Tour which was later released as an individual title on July 25 2005.The album has been certified Platinum by RIAA for the shipments of at least 1 million units in the USA.
 Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits package released by American country music artist Bryan White. It was released in 2000 (see 2000 in country music) on Asylum Records. The album includes ten of his greatest hits from his first three studio albums: his 1994 self-titled debut 1996's Between Now and Forever and 1997's The Right Place as well as From This Moment On his 1998 duet with Shania Twain. Two new tracks How Long and The Way You Look at Me are also included.
 Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds is the self-titled debut album by the English rock band Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds. Released on 17 October 2011 it is the first studio album released by eponymous frontman Noel Gallagher since his departure from Oasis in August 2009.
 637: Always and Forever is Crystal Kay's second album.[citation needed]
 Makes Revolution was the first album released by Takanori Nishikawa and Daisuke Asakura. The release date of this album was August 12 1996.
 Live at Cornerstone 2000: Plugged is the second live album from Christian alternative rock band The Choir released in 2000. It is the 10th album in the Live at Cornerstone 2000 12-CD series which includes Undercover The 77s and One Bad Pig among others as well as a tribute to Adam Again.
 The Fiction Maze is the fourth studio album by Swedish power metal band Persuader. The band describes the album as the perfect mix of everything we've done so far expanded on the Persuader sound while keeping the core that is the band and a beast of an album the true pinnacle of our career so far. In an interview with Swedish newspaper Västerbottens-Kuriren Emil noted that the album is a little more aggressive and a little heavier than their previous work.
 The debut album from UK hard rock band Skin.
 MTV Unplugged is an extended play (EP) and live album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey released in the United States on June 2 1992 by Columbia Records. Following the success of Carey's previous two albums and the growing critical commentary on her lack of concert tours and unsubstantial televised performances Sony BMG organised a performance show at the Kaufman Astoria Studios New York on March 16 1992.
 Glasgow Monday is the 47th release third live album and second-ever double album release from avant-folk/blues singer/songwriter Jandek.
 Sargasso Sea is an album by guitarists John Abercrombie and Ralph Towner recorded in 1976 and released on the ECM label.
 Stand Up Stand Up is a live acoustic EP released by Hanson recorded at the Tulsa Little Theatre in May 2009 with an intimate crowd of about 700 fan-club members over two days. It features four acoustic versions of new Hanson tracks for their upcoming album Shout It Out which was released on June 8 2010 along with the album version of World's on FireThe EP became available worldwide on all major digital stores including iTunes Amazon Rhapsody and Napster December 8 2009.
 Dino: The Essential Dean Martin is a 2004 compilation album by Dean Martin released on September 6 2004. It has since been reissued in two separate special editions one in 2005 (augmented with a live disc) and one in 2011 (featuring six bonus tracks).
 Teeny Shiny is the fourth album by Melt-Banana. Teeny Shiny further developed the more pop sound of their previous effort Charlie.It also features reworkings of two older songs. First Contact to Planet Q was previously recorded as Sham Bazar and Warp Back Spin was previously recorded as Crackhead Up or Down. Both of these songs have the same lyrics but are musically different.
 A New Day Has Come is the ninth English-language album by Canadian singer Celine Dion released by Sony Music Entertainment on March 22 2002. It was her first new studio album since 1997's Let's Talk About Love. Dion returned to the music scene after a two-year hiatus when she gave birth to her first child. She collaborated on A New Day Has Come with various producers including Anders Bagge and Peer Åström for the first time.
 The Definitive Part One released in 2008 is a compilation album by the British heavy metal band Cloven Hoof. Apart from one new song Mutilator all of the tracks are re-recorded versions of existing Cloven Hoof songs from the past.The drums bass keyboard and rhythm guitar tracks were recorded live in the studio with vocals and guitar solos being dubbed in for a cleaner finish.
 Just South of Heaven is an EP by Crime & the City Solution released in 1985 through Mute Records.
 Secret Earth is the eleventh album by New Zealand noise rock band The Dead C released on October 14 2008 through Ba Da Bing Records.
 Rude Rides Again is an Australian comedy album performed by Rodney Rude and released in 1986. The album was recorded in front of a live audience at the Gold Coast.
 Twilight of Idols was Fashion's 1984 album produced by Zeus B. Held and their only to feature singer/songwriter Alan Darby.The track Eye Talk was released as a UK single reaching No. 69 in February 1984 having been preceded in the charts by Fashion's earlier single releases: Streetplayer (Mechanik) and Love Shadow.The album was reissued on CD for the first time in March 2009 by Cherry Red Records featuring 4 bonus tracks.
 The Only Good Punk...Is A Dead One is the debut album proper by British crust punk band Electro Hippies. The original LP featured 20 songs all but four of which last less than two minutes. The 2002 re-issue of the album (with the title shortened to The Only Good Punk) contains an additional 20 tracks (the listing can be found at the allmusic review); of those six were taken from a compilation album and fourteen were from a live recording done in 1989.
 Jahmekya is a 1991 studio album by the reggae group Ziggy Marley and the Melody Makers.
 'Les Vierges du Québec' is the twelfth studio album by Canadian Singer/Songwriter Jean-Pierre Ferland.
 For the seismic movement see EarthquakeTerremoto is the 5th studio album from Italian rock band Litfiba and the band's most hard rock album. It continues on the way started with previous album El Diablo to harden the music with the massive use of distorted guitars that contrasts with the New-wave pop-rock performed on the 3 first albums. Lyrics are also stronger and refer to social and political criticism. It is the second chapter of the Tetralogy of elements started on El Diablo.
 Ladies Night is the third studio album by English girl group Atomic Kitten released on 10 November 2003. If You Come to Me was released as the lead single from the album on 27 October 2003 followed by the second single Ladies' Night featuring Kool and the Gang which was released on 15 December 2003.
 The Pink Spiders Are Taking Over! is the debut homemade EP by the American rock band The Pink Spiders released in 2004. Initially only a limited amount of copies were issued but it was later made available as a digital download in 2009.
 Scars of Love is the debut album of the freestyle Latin freestyle trio TKA released on 11 October 1987 on Tommy Boy Records. The album contains six singles the first One Way Love was the most successful single which reached #75 on the Billboard Hot 100. No other single from this album managed to enter the Billboard Hot 100 although all of them the Top 30 of the Hot Dance Club Songs of the United States.The album reached #135 on the Billboard 200.
 Distracted Snowflake Volume Two is the fifth album by Bugskull released in March 23 1999 through Scratch Records.
 À vous les femmes is a 1979 album by Julio Iglesias.
 16 & 1 is the seventh studio album by Canadian country music group Doc Walker. It was released on August 29 2011 by Open Road Recordings. The album includes covers of Bob Seger's Get Out of Denver and the Crash Test Dummies' I Think I'll Disappear Now.16 & 1 was nominated for Country Album of the Year at the 2012 Juno Awards.
 Seaside Rock is the fourth album by Peter Bjorn and John. A vinyl- and digital- only release it came out in the U.S. on Almost Gold/Star Time International on September 23 2008. The U.S. edition is limited to 5000 LPs each accompanied by a download code.
 The World's Greatest International Hits is the third album released by Petula Clark in the United States and was the first not to include original material by Tony Hatch. It includes cover songs of other British Invasion groups such as The Beatles and The Honeycombs. The album charted at #129 on the Billboard 200.
 Sparks the Rescue's Hey Mr. Allure EP is the band's second release and first to feature lead vocalist Alex Roy. All three songs were re-released on the 2007 EP The Secrets We Can't Keep.
 Paradinomai: I Megaliteres Epitihies (I surrender) is the first greatest hits album by Greek artist Elli Kokkinou released in November 2003 by Sony Music Greece.
 The Pale Haunt Departure is the fifth full-length album by death/doom band Novembers Doom released in 2005. On this album the band shifted styles towards a more straight forward death metal sound with a gothic metal influence. Two music videos were made for this album. One for The Pale Haunt Departure and the other for Autumn Reflection.
 SG Wannabe by SG Wannabe 7 Part.II is the second part of the seventh Korean studio album by SG Wannabe. IS Entermedia will be releasing 10000 copies of a limited edition. SG Wannabe's representative said 3 out of the 6 songs listed in the album were in competition to be the title song. These are Song to Confess to You If We Can Love Again and Just. The songs will only be performed at SG Wannabe's concerts.
 Love and Other Planets is the second album by British singer/songwriter Adem Ilhan who records under the name Adem. According to Ilham the album itself is a loose concept album about space. And cosmic things. And people.
 Urkraft (English: Ancient Power) is the third album by Swedish viking metal band Thyrfing. It was released in 2000.On some editions of the album there is a bonus cover of Over the Hills and Far Away by rock artist Gary Moore.
 Onwards to the Spectral Defile is the debut album by black metal band Cirith Gorgor. It was released in 1999 by Osmose Productions.
 Treća strana medalje (Third side of medal) is the third studio album by the Serbian hip-hop artist Marčelo. The album contains 15 songs and features various artists from Serbia and Croatia. The album was released by the end of 2008 and contains different music styles including pop rock/rock 'n' roll and blues. The album was accepted by the audience like the first two.
 Much is the first album by Christian rock band Ten Shekel Shirt released in 2001. The album was nominated for the 2002 Dove Award for Praise & Worship Album of the Year.
 Gallus is the second album from Scottish rock band Gun. The cover shows Benny Lynch a renowned Scottish boxer from Glasgow. The album peaked at #14 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Bocelli is the second studio album released by Andrea Bocelli in 1995 on the Polydor GmbH label.This album is the follow-up to his debut album Il mare calmo della sera. In Germany the album was certified 4× Platinum for shipping two million units making it one of the best-selling albums ever in the country. It was also certified 4× Platinum in Switzerland 2× Platinum in the Netherlands and Platinum in Austria.
 Erick Onasis is the third studio album from American hip hop artist Erick Sermon (under the moniker Erick Onasis) released June 27 2000 on DreamWorks SKG.The album peaked at number fifty-three on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Nina Videoke is the first ever video release by Filipino singer Nina. It is a collection of her music videos and includes one live performance Love Moves in Mysterious Ways which was recorded from her album Nina Live!. Warner Music Philippines decided to release a video album of Nina due to the overflowing success of her live album which has earned a Diamond certification by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry (PARI).
 Nicola is the fifth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch released in 1967. An orchestrated version of Train Song was attempted during the Nicola sessions but while fondly remembered by arranger David Palmer did not make the finished product. Neither did two further outtakes In This Game and Dissatisfied Blues (both of which he performed live during the city hall tour of early 1967) although they later appeared on Box Of Love - The Bert Jansch Sampler Vol.
 Gopon Kotha is the second studio album by Muhin released in 2009 on the Boshudha Arb record label in Bangladesh.
 Quadrastate is a 12 extended play by 808 State released in 1989 on the Creed Records label. It contains the original version of Pacific State one of the most popular tracks by 808 State which later made the band famous after extended airplay on BBC Radio 1 led to the band being signed to major label ZTT. On 19 May 2008 the UK Rephlex label re-released the record in double vinyl and CD format.The re-issued version featured seven additional bonus tracks not included in the original.
 Selam Sevdiklerime is the fifth studio album by Turkish pop arabesque singer Emrah Ipek. It is one of Emrah's worst selling albums only selling 3200 copies. Emrah was having problems with the label Raks Müzik because they would not let him put his own material on his albums as they thought it was to risky the album was nearly shelved due to money problems.[citation needed]
 Forty on a Fall Day is the first LP by Boston band Francine. It was released on September 12 2000.
 David Koresh Superstar is the third album by The Indelicates released on 16 May 2011 on the band's own Corporate Records label.
 Come Clean is the second studio album by post-grunge band Puddle of Mudd. Released on August 28 2001 the album was responsible for breaking Puddle of Mudd into the mainstream music scene. It contains the hit singles Control Blurry Drift & Die and She Hates Me. Various tracks were re-recorded from the band's previous releases Stuck and Abrasive.
 FabricLive.14 is a DJ mix compilation album by DJ Spinbad as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 People; Places; Pieces is Hugh Cornwell's 2006 live album and was recorded at the London Carling Academy over three nights April 12-14th 2005. It is available in a three CD boxed set or as a single highlights CD entitled Dirty Dozen. The musicians are Hugh Cornwell Steve Lawrence and Windsor McGilray.
 In Between is the fifth studio album by Paul van Dyk released on 14 August 2007. The album features a wide range of collaborations including David Byrne of Talking Heads Jessica Sutta of the Pussycat Dolls Ashley Tomberlin of Luminary Alex M.O.R.P.H. Lo-Fi Sugar Rea Garvey of Reamonn Ryan Merchant and Wayne Jackson. The latter had collaborated earlier with Paul van Dyk on the song The Other Side.
 Baby Don't Get Hooked on Me is a third album by singer-songwriter and actor Mac Davis which was considered his breakthrough album released in 1972.
 Full Experience is a mini-album of recordings by Aura Lewis and her group Full Experience recorded in 1978 but not released until 1990. Lewis became a regular backing vocalist for Lee Scratch Perry at his Black Ark studio and began working on a group project called Full Experience along with another Black Ark session singer Pamela Reed. Perry agreed to produce an album by the group and drafted in Candy MacKenzie to make the group up to a trio.
 Luna Nueva (English: New Moon) is the debut album by Costa Rican singer-songwriter and dancer Debi Nova. It was released on May 18 2010. The first single from the album was titled Drummer Boy. The album was produced by the famous producer Gustavo Santaolalla. The album has 10 tracks all of them co-written by Debi. The EPK of the album is available on her YouTube channel or on her official web site.
 Alter Ego is a studio album by French singer Amanda Lear released in 1995 by ZYX Music.
 Tao of the Dead (pronounced About this sound Dào ) is the seventh studio album by Texas rock band ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead. The first single Summer of All Dead Souls was posted on Spin.com on November 11 2010 and later on Soundcloud. The digital single released officially on November 29. The album released on CD digipak format including a limited edition two-disc booklet with 30 minutes of bonus music.
 Go West Young Man is a 1950 album by Bing Crosby and the Andrews Sisters.
 Sacrifice is the twelfth studio album by British band Motörhead. Released in 1995 it is the second and last album to feature the four-man lineup of Lemmy Phil Wizzö Campbell Würzel and Mikkey Dee as Würzel left the band at the end of recording this album.
 Big Hits 98 is a compilation album released in September 1998. It is part of the Hits compilation series begun in 1984.Big Hits 98 is one of the more notable albums in the series as it had charted in the UK Compilations Chart at #1 and stayed there for 5 weeks and was also the first Hits album released in September avoiding competition with Hits lead rivals Now That's What I Call Music! who only release main albums in March/April July and November.
 Too Late... No Friends is the first full length studio album by Gob and was released in 1995 on Mint Records. It was re-released in 2000 on Nettwerk/Landspeed. There were 4 singles released of off the album: Soda Fuck Them Bad Day and You're Too Cool. Since each single lasted an average of 1:30 there were 4 singles released instead of the usual 2.
 Colour Moving and Still is the second album by Canadian singer/songwriter Chantal Kreviazuk released in 1999. An edition of the album is also available with a bonus disc.
 Sonic Tools is the seventh studio album by acid jazz band Tab Two. It contains remixes of other Tab Two songs.
 Thompson Street is the third solo album by American country music singer Brady Seals. It was released in February 2003 via Image Entertainment. No singles were released from it and after its release Seals founded the band Hot Apple Pie.
 De wereld rond (English: Around the World) is the sixth studio album by the Flemish girlgroup K3. The album was released on 6 September 2004 through label Studio 100. Three singles were released to promote the album: Liefdeskapitein Superhero and Zou er iemand zijn op Mars?. The album reached the peak position in the Dutch album chart. In 2009 a reissue of the album was released which contains the original songs as well as karaoke versions of the songs.
 Live In Brasilia is the sixth DVD of live Latin pop group RBD. Recorded at the Esplanada dos Ministerios in Brasília (Brazil) on April 21 2008 with more than 500000 people. The biggest show of the band's career. The DVD presents the show in the capital during the Empezar De Cero World Tour 2008. It was released in Brazil on March 26 2009.
 Hot Rail is the third studio album of Arizona indie rock band Calexico. It was released May 9 2000 on Quarterstick Records. A limited deluxe edition was released on November 15 2010.
 The Fall is an album from British virtual band Gorillaz. The album was officially announced on 20 December 2010 and soon after released on 25 December 2010 as a free download on the Gorillaz website exclusively to fans in the band's Sub-Division fan club. The album features fewer guest artists than previous Gorillaz albums; collaborators include Mick Jones and Paul Simonon of The Clash and Bobby Womack.
 Go Insane is the second solo album by American singer/songwriter and Fleetwood Mac vocalist/guitarist Lindsey Buckingham. The album was released in 1984 while Fleetwood Mac was on a hiatus between albums. It reached #45 on the US Billboard album chart.
 Intersections is the third studio album by Dave House.
 Satori is the second album by Japanese rock band Flower Travellin' Band but their first of original material. It was released in Japan by Atlantic Records and in the US and Canada by GRT Records in 1971.The North American release differed to the Japanese original as it contained songs off their upcoming album Made in Japan and the bonus track Lullaby. (See Satori (Canadian album).)The original Japanese version was reissued on CD by Warner Music in 1988. It was digitally remastered in 1998.
 Quixotic is the debut album by English singer-songwriter Martina Topley-Bird. The album spans several musical styles including trip-hop electronic and rock. It was co-written and produced by Topley-Bird and received positive reviews from music critics upon its release and was shortlisted for the 2003 Mercury Music Prize.
 Sólo lo Mejor 20 Éxitos (English Only the best 20 Hits) is the 4th compilation album by Mexican pop singer Mijares.
 Shu Mghaira..! is Najwa Karam's fourteenth studio album. It was released in 2004.
 Bright Idea is the debut album by the U.S. band Orson. Originally self-released in 2005 it was released commercially on May 29 2006 in the UK and released internationally on June 13 2006.The album was recorded for just $5000 in Hollywood funded by the band themselves and produced by Noah Shain. It contains the hit singles No Tomorrow Bright Idea Happiness and Already Over. Bright Idea charted at #1 on the official UK album chart on June 4 2006.
 Below the Belt was the debut album by Boxer released on the Virgin label in January 1976. The album attracted less attention for its music than for its cover art. Photographed by Alex Henderson with graphics by Richard Evans the cover featured model Stephanie Marrian spreadeagled and naked but for a pair of shoes with a man's arm reaching up between her legs and his boxing-gloved hand hiding her genitalia.
 Goodbye – The Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album and fifth album overall to be released by British boy band JLS. It was released in the United Kingdom on 18 November 2013 via RCA Records. The album contained a total of twelve tracks including all of the band's singles plus the a new single Billion Lights which was released ten days prior to the album on 8 November 2013. The deluxe edition of the album featured a bonus DVD with all of the band's music videos.
 Up in Rags is the third EP by the American indie rock band Cold War Kids. It was recorded in January 2006. The title of this EP is taken from the lyrics of Hair Down - Man we were still just babies / Dressing up in rags with our wallets full. On February 2006 Monarchy Music put together Up in Rags along with With Our Wallets Full as a full-length LP titled Up in Rags/With Our Wallets Full.
 Usne boje vina (English translation: Lips the Color of Wine) incorrectly titled Usne (Lips) at its release is a single and the fourth release by Montenegrin singer Boban Rajović. It was released in 2007.
 Command to Charge is the seventh studio album by the German melodic death metal band Suidakra.
 Niki Nana is Yanni's fifth album released on the Private Music label in 1989 (see 1989 in music). It peaked at #2 on Billboard's Top New Age Albums chart in the same year.The liner notes dedicate the album to his father and mother respectively:Dedicated to Sotiri and Felitsa Hrisomallis.In 1992 lyrics in greek were written for the track Nightbird by greek lyricist Tasoula Thomaïdou.
 The Alchemy Index is Thrice's fifth studio recording a four-disc concept album that was split between two releases the first in October 2007 and the second in April 2008. The band originally planned to release four discs at once each disc with six tracks representing one of the four elements: Fire Water Earth and Air. A blog titled The Alchemy Index chronicled the album's progress for fans.
 Greatest Hits is a collection of all emcee Kool Moe Dee's greatest hits and other highlights of his hip hop career. This release should not be confused with his 1991 album The Greatest Hits which actually contains unreleased material.
 Sirens of the Sea Remixed is the remix album of the 2008 debut album Sirens of the Sea by the British vocal trance group Above & Beyond presents OceanLab released on 8 June 2009.
 Come to My Garden is the debut solo album by Minnie Riperton which was produced arranged and orchestrated by Charles Stepney and released in 1970. It was re-released on CD in 1999. It peaked at number one hundred and sixty on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart in 1974.
 Bring the Thunder is the debut album from Swedish rock band Dynazty.
 Mixing Me is a 2005 EP by Miss Kittin to promote her album I Com. Mixing Me contains remixes of I Com's singles.
 The Hellpreacher is the third full length album from death metal supergroup Birds of Prey. It was released April 28 2009 through Relapse Records.
 Pacific Dust (EP) is a 7-song EP by northern California rock band The Mother Hips. It is available as a bonus to fans when they purchase the studio album Pacific Dust from the Mother Hips website.
 His Best is a greatest hits album by Chicago blues harmonica player Little Walter released on June 17 1997 by MCA and Chess Records as a part of The Chess 50th Anniversary Collection (see 1997 in music). The album is seen as the CD successor to the 1958 The Best of Little Walter and features ten of the songs from that album.
 She is the second album by the band Stiltskin now led by Ray Wilson. The project is sometimes known as Ray Wilson & Stiltskin. The music is a fusion of diverse influences including Daft Punk Phil Lynott Audioslave Metallica David Bowie and Radiohead.Earlier releases of the album were released in early spring 2006 with free digital downloads of album cuts Lemon Yellow Sun and the title track.
 For Pete's Sake is an album by The Libertines featuring live rare recordings ranging from 1999 to 2004. It was released by Spiral Soundz on a 12 vinylIt features rare tracks such as Mayday Bucket Shop and Lazy Sunday
 Swarth is the third studio album by Australian extreme metal band Portal. The album was packaged in a gatefold hard cover digi-sleeve with a 16-page booklet.
 Broken is an extended play album and the major label debut by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails released on September 22 1992. It is produced by Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor and Flood. The EP replaces the electronica and synthpop style of their first album Pretty Hate Machine with a considerably heavier sound. Its influences are industrial metal and noise rock.Promotion of the EP was troubled.
 Bottom Feeders is a 1987 mini-album by Thin White Rope.
 Bad Mood was the second album by musician Lonnie Gordon. It was released in 1993 on SBK/EMI Records. The album is her most commercially successful to date. It was produced primarily by the group Black Box.
 Perhaps I Suppose... is the debut album released by Californian pop punk band Rufio.
 Sports Weekend: As Nasty As They Wanna Be Pt. 2 is the fifth album by the 2 Live Crew (released in 1991) and the sequel of As Nasty As They Wanna Be. A clean version was released later that same year titled Sports Weekend: As Clean As They Wanna Be Part II and was the sequel of As Clean As They Wanna Be. This would be the last studio album by all original members of the 2 Live Crew.
 Rita ReLEEda is a remix album by Brazilian rock singer Rita Lee It was released in 2000.
 In Honor: A Compilation to Beat Cancer is a compilation album released by Vagrant Records in 2004. As the name implies it is a benefit album with proceeds going to fight Cancer. In this case the proceeds wentto the Syrentha Savio Endowment and the Sean McGrath Fund. Alternative and punk bands contributed tracks with many being previously unreleased.
 L Version 3.1 was recorded at several shows from moe.'s Fall 1999 tour. Former drummer Jim Loughlin returned to the band earlier in the year as a multi-instrumental utility man adding to the drum work of Vinnie Amico.Unlike L L Version 3.1 was only available through http://www.moe.org or at shows.
 Diana Ross & the Supremes: Greatest Hits Vol. 3 is a 1969 compilation album by Diana Ross & the Supremes released on the Motown label. It features all of the hits released by the group between 1967 and 1969 save for the Supremes/Temptations duet singles.
 Cacumen is the first full length album by the hard rock band Cacumen. It was released in 1981 on the independent label Rockport Records. The album came out after their single Riding Away was released two years prior and features a new version of that song. Cacumen would rename themselves Bonfire in 1986.
 Killer is the fourth studio album by Alice Cooper released in 1971.Cooper said in the liner notes of Fistful of Alice and In the Studio with Redbeard which spotlighted the Killer and Love it to Death albums that the song Desperado was written about his friend Jim Morrison who died the year this album was released. According to an NPR radio interview with Alice Cooper Desperado was written about Robert Vaughn's character from the movie The Magnificent Seven.
 Tragic Songs of Life is an album by American country music duo The Louvin Brothers released in 1956. Knoxville Girl was released as a single three years later and reached number 19 on the Billboard Country Singles chart.
 Borderland is the fourth album by Christian singer-songwriter John Mark McMillan and it released on March 4 2014 by Lionhawk Records which is his own newly established label. The album achieved commercial charting successes and it received critical acclaim.
 Something to Write Home About is the second full-length studio album by American rock band The Get Up Kids released on September 21 1999. The album was produced by The Get Up Kids themselves with co-producers Chad Blinman and Alex Brahl. Blinman also recorded and mixed the album with Brahl assisting with additional engineering. The album was a financial success peaking at #31 on Billboards Heatseekers 200 albums chart in North America and gathered a great amount of critical acclaim.
 Jann Arden is the sixth album from Canadian singer Jann Arden released in 2005. In addition to 11 new songs the album features a new version of I Would Die For You Arden's first major chart hit in her native Canada with guest vocals by Sarah McLachlan.The album debuted at number 3 on the Canadian album sales charts in its first week of release Arden's highest debut in her 12-year career.
 European Memoirs (aka Memoir in Japan) is the tenth studio recording of the Toshiko Akiyoshi – Lew Tabackin Big Band. Akiyoshi was nominated for a 1983 Grammy award in the Best Instrumental Arrangement category for the arrangement of Remembering Bud on this album.
 G.D.O.D. (Get Dough Or Die) is the second official mixtape by American record label Grand Hustle Records under the group name Hustle Gang. The mixtape was released as a free digital download on May 7 2013 on mixtape hosting websites. The mixtape featured contributions from Grand Hustle artists T.I. Mitchelle'l B.o.B Young Dro Big Kuntry King Trae tha Truth D.O.P.E. Travi$ Scott Chip Kris Stephens Mac Boney Doe B and Shad da God.
 Red Harvest is the second album by New York Alternative metal band Bloodsimple. It was released on October 30 2007. Will Hunt of the band Dark New Day played drums on this album. Frontman Tim Williams explained that the title of the album is based on the 1929 book of the same name by Dashiell Hammett.Dead Man Walking was included on the soundtrack of the video game WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2009.
 Grind is the soundtrack to the 2003 skateboarding film Grind. It was released on August 12 2003 through Atlantic Records and consisted of a blend of alternative rock punk rock hip hop and reggae music.
 Thought Balloon Mushroom Cloud is MC Paul Barman's second full length album released in 2009. It features production from DJ Pocket DOOM Prince Paul ?uestlove and Michel Gondry.
 Left Bank Encores is a live album by saxophonists Sonny Stitt and Gene Ammons recorded in Baltimore in 1973 and released on the Prestige label in 2002. The album was recorded at the same concert that produced God Bless Jug and Sonny.
 Dirty Gay Hits is the debut album by singer/comedian Jonny McGovern (a.k.a. The Gay Pimp). It was released on August 4 2003 by Gay/Nerd Music. It is best known for McGovern's debut single Soccer Practice.
 When Your Heartstrings Break is the second album by San Francisco indie rock band Beulah. It was released on March 9 1999 on the Sugar Free Records label. The album went out of print several years afterwards and did not see a reprinting until 2003. When Your Heartstrings Break is one of the two records that Beulah personally owns the rights to along with Handsome Western States.
 Autopilot is the fourth studio album released by Boulder Colorado band The Samples. The album was released on September 13 1994.
 Perfecto Fluoro is a 1996 album by Paul Oakenfold.Recorded eighteen months after the ground-breaking Goa Mix Fluoro utilizes the same 'epic' approach and feel with liberal use of excerpts from film soundtracks (this is freely admitted on the album's tracklist which lists not only track artist and label but also which film a song appears in where relevant).
 Feelin' Groovy is an album by Harpers Bizarre released in 1967.
 Pure Jerry: Warner Theatre March 18 1978 is a two-CD live album by the Jerry Garcia Band. It contains two complete concerts — the early and late shows performed on March 18 1978 at the Warner Theatre in Washington D.C.
 To Beast or Not to Beast is the sixth studio album of Finnish hard rock band Lordi that was released on March 1 2013. As is traditional for the band their costumes were renewed again for the release of this album.The album was produced and mixed by Michael Wagener and engineered by Shani Gandhi.In Germany the album was released in digipak covers. The album has been released as LP version in EMP store.
 12 Play is the debut solo album of American R&B and soul musician R. Kelly released November 9 1993 on Jive Records. It follows his tenure with R&B group Public Announcement with whom he released one album Born into the 90's (1992). It went on to top the R&B albums chart for nine weeks straight while reaching the second position on the Billboard 200 chart.The album features the sexually-themed singles Bump N' Grind (U.S. #1) Your Body's Callin' (U.S.
 Handsome Boy is the 14th studio album by a Japanese singer-songwriter Yōsui Inoue released in 1990. The album contains the songs that were already known through the commercial tie-in with television programs or advertisements.
 Danzón (Dance On) is an album by Arturo Sandoval released through GRP Records in 1994. In 1995 the award won Sandoval the Grammy Award for Best Latin Jazz Performance.
 Speak in Code is the fourth album by the American alternative rock and pop punk band Eve 6 released through Fearless Records on April 24 2012. Speak in Code is the band's first album in 9 years since the release of It's All in Your Head in 2003 and is also the first album by the band that was released through Fearless Records.
 Living Field is an album released by The Pillows on March 24 1995. The record builds on the alternative rock/Jazz mix of its predecessor Kool Spice.
 Away From The Sea is the debut studio album by French electro house artist Yuksek.
 I Spent a Week There the Other Night is the third album by Maureen Tucker.
 BAO! is the second studio album by Benny Anderssons orkester released in June 2004 on Benny's own Mono Music label. Recording for the album took place in the first half of 2004 at Polar Studios and Sveriges Radio Studio 4 Stockholm.
 Hurricane Season is the first studio album by Alkaline Trio vocalist and bassist Dan Andriano released on August 9 2011 through Asian Man Records. The album is primarily acoustic and was met with positive critical reception being given a 4.5/5 by PunkNews and a 4/5 by Alternative Press.
 Summercamp Nightmare is the second studio album released by the band 3. It was released in 2003. Some of the tracks that appear on this album had previously been included on the band's live album Half Life while others were later featured again on Wake Pig most notably Amaze Disgrace which has appeared on three of the band's albums as well as Joey Eppard's first solo album Been to the Future.
 På Österåker (At Österåker) is a live album by country singer Johnny Cash released on Columbia Records in 1973 making it his 43rd overall release. The album features Cash's concert at the Österåker Prison in Sweden held on October 3 1972. Its predecessors in concept are the more notable At San Quentin and At Folsom Prison.
 Acoustic Kingdom Underground is the first EP of singer/songwriter Matt Duke and his second offering from Rykodisc. It was released in the US on June 30 2009.
 Live Invasion is the first live album by the German power metal band Freedom Call. It was released on May 10 2004 by SPV. The album was recorded in Düsseldorf Munich and Stuttgart during the band's Eternal World Tour 2002.
 Erreway en Concierto (Erreway in Concert) is the first compilation album of Argentine band Erreway. It was released in 2006 in Spain and had very large success there. Artists on this album were Benjamin Rojas Felipe Colombo Camila Bordonaba and Luisana Lopilato but there were also some actors and actresses from Rebelde Way like Victoria Maurette and Piru Saez.This album was produced created and directed by Cris Morena.
 Beach Boys Concert is a live album by the Beach Boys released in 1964. It is their seventh album in all and their third alone in the same year.
 Distorted is the self-titled first EP released by Israeli oriental death/doom band Distorted in September 2001. Most tracks on the EP were later re-recorded for the band's debut full-length album.
 Juslisen (Just Listen) is Musiq Soulchild's second album released in 2002. It debuted on the Billboard at #1 on May 25 2002 on both the Billboard 200 (where it spent 35 weeks falling off on February 22 2003) and the Top R&B/Hip-Hop albums chart spending 48 weeks there eventually disappearing from the tally on April 26 2003. It was nominated for Best R&B Album at the 2003 Grammy Awards.
 Sails is an album by Chet Atkins. It was released in 1987 by Columbia Records. Sails follows in the 1980s' vein of Chet Atkins' releases with a smooth jazz and new age atmosphere.
 I See Good Spirits and I See Bad Spirits is the first studio album by the band My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult. The album was released in 1988 (Wax 056) virtually simultaneous with another EP Some Have to Dance Some Have to Kill (Wax 055). Their sound was initially an amalgam of heavy dance rhythms horror film sampling and quasi-Satanic imagery. Their early recordings were extremely popular in industrial dance clubs.
 Dunya (Arabic: دُنْيا‎) is the debut studio album by Nazeel Azami released on 1 September 2006.
 The Best Film... Ever! is a compilation released by EMI in late 2008. It contains what it perceives to be the best film music.
 Beyond A Dream is the second album by By All Means in 1989 on Island Records. The album includes the hits Let's Get It On and Do You Remember.
 The Michael Schenker Story Live is a live album by the hard rock band Michael Schenker Group released in May 1997 through Michael Schenker's own record company. This is a double-CD live album recorded during the March 1997 Japan tour. The recorded show was the last one of a series of 5 concerts and were all performed at the Nakano Sunplaza in Tokyo at March 19 1997. The concert lasted three hours and the setlist contains 30 songs.
 An Unwelcome Guest is a 2009 album by hip-hop artists Guante & Big Cats!.
 Me Oh My is the debut full-length album by Welsh musician Cate Le Bon. The album was originally going to be named Pet Deaths referring to Le Bon's experiences with the subject. One song written in Welsh was originally going to be on the album but was discarded because it interrupted the flow though Welsh can still be heard on some tracks.
 Live! is the second live recording from the band Kasabian. It was recorded at the O2 Arena in London on 15 December 2011. It was released in CD DVD and Blu-ray Disc formats.The audio CD was recorded on 14 and 15 December 2011 and first released as a limited edition exclusively by Concert Live in February 2012 before being reissued by Sony in May 2012.
 Dream is the second album by Canadian Jazz performer Michael Bublé. The album was released in Canada in June 2002 preceding the release of his debut label album. Bublé re-recorded the track Dream for his 2007 album Call Me Irresponsible and also recorded the track Stardust for his 2009 albums Michael Bublé Meets Madison Square Garden and Crazy Love. The Crazy Love version features vocals from Naturally 7.
 La Bala is the sixth studio album by Latin hip hop artist Ana Tijoux released in 2011 by Oveja Negra and in 2012 by Nacional Records.The album was nominated for the Latin Grammy Award for Best Urban Music Album in 2012 and the Grammy Award for Best Latin Rock Urban or Alternative Album in 2013.
 Live Noise is a 1998 live album by Canadian band Moxy Früvous their only major-label live album. Material on the album includes songs from all of their studio albums (with minor lyrical changes on some songs) along with three covers and witty banter from the shows. It is a compilation of several recordings over the course of 1997.
 W is the fourth studio album by Brazilian recording artist Wanessa released on August 1 2005. Differently of her previous albums more of Wanessa distanced herself from romantic music on this album to try new styles.
 The Great Unwanted is Lucky Soul's debut album released on April 9 2007. The George Shilling-produced LP met with critical acclaim including a five-star review in Metro newspaper a further five stars from the Independent on Sunday and four stars each from The Guardian The Times and Uncut magazine.The band worked on the album during the late summer of 2006.
 Close to You is the second studio album from American hip hop artist Father MC released in 1992 on Uptown Records.The album peaked at number one hundred eighty-five on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Sound Methods is a Mars Ill album released in 2002. It was only available at live shows when the group was on tour. To meet fan demand Mars Ill re-released Sound Methods with additional tracks titled Sound Methods 2.0. This was released in 2003.
 Visions is the debut release of American metalcore band Atreyu. It is a seven-track EP and was released during 1999 although the exact release date is unknown as no confirmation on the EP's release date has been made. It is suspected that the EP was sold at the band's local shows and as a result is currently very difficult to find. It was released through Die Trying Records Yorba Linda California independent label.
 Words Untold & Dreams Unlived is the first full-length studio album by symphonic metal band Serenity released on April 27th in Europe and on May 8th in North America followed by releases in Russia Japan and south-eastern Asia.
 The Passion of the Christ is the soundtrack on the Sony label of the 2004 Academy Award-nominated film The Passion of the Christ starring James Caviezel Maia Morgenstern Christo Jivkov Hristo Shopov Francesco DeVito and Monica Bellucci. The original score was composed by John Debney.The album was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score.
 RetroHash is the second studio album by American hip hop recording artist Asher Roth. The album was released on April 22 2014 by Pale Fire and Federal Prism Records. The album was solely produced by American production duo Blended Babies and features guest appearances from ZZ Ward Currensy Coyle Girelli Vic Mensa Major Myjah and Chuck Inglish.
 Acid Tiger is the self-titled debut studio album by the American rock band Acid Tiger. The album was released on April 27 2010 through Deathwish Inc. — a label that was co-founded by Jacob Bannon of Converge. Acid Tiger is a supergroup composed of Ben Koller (Converge All Pigs Must Die) Lukas Previn (Thursday United Nations) Adam Wentworth (Bloodhorse All Pigs Must Die) and J Rattlesnake.
 Voulez-Vous is the sixth studio album by Swedish group ABBA released in 1979. It was the first ABBA album to be recorded at Polar Studios in Stockholm and the only ABBA album to include a studio recording made outside Sweden. Some of the songs were secretly written and demoed at Compass Point Studios in Nassau Bahamas and the title track was recorded at Criteria Studios in Miami. Voulez-Vous was first released on CD in 1984.
 Legalise Drugs and Murder is an EP by the doom metal band Electric Wizard. It is the band's EP release and contains the only recordings with drummer Simon Poole and bassist Glenn Charman.
 The 7th of Never is the third studio album of the American heavy metal band Chastain released in 1987 through David T. Chastain's own record label Leviathan Records in the USA. In Europe the album was released by Massacre Records. The band members lived in different locations in the United States and recorded in different studios their parts which were later mixed by Steve Fontano at Prairie Sun Studios in California.
 Ugetsu: Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers at Birdland is a live jazz album released by Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers in October 1963 on Riverside Records.The album marked Riverside's recording debut at the Birdland one of the most famous and celebrated American jazz clubs. The original LP featured only six tracks. According to the liner notes Orrin Keepnews the producer stated that there were other performances taped that night that couldn't be fitted into the resulting album.
 Seminal Live is a 1989 album by British rock band The Fall recorded partly in the studio and partly at live performances in 1988. The album was the last to be released by the group through Beggars Banquet Records and as such is often seen as a contractual obligation album. It was also the last Fall album to feature Brix Smith former wife of lead singer Mark E.
 Jammin' with Gene is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1956 and released on the Prestige label.
 IU...IM is the second mini album by South Korean singer IU. It was released by LOEN Entertainment on November 12 2009.
 Della by Starlight is the seventh album by jazz singer Della Reese and her second for RCA Victor. After her success at Jubilee Records and a million-seller hit with And That Reminds Me she switched to RCA where she would go on to have her biggest hits Don't You Know? (Billboard Hot 100 #2) and Not One Minute More (Billboard Hot 100 #16).
 Chirpin is the eighth album by The Persuasions.
 Stampax is a live album by London-based glam rockers Rachel Stamp. It was released in 2000 on Cruisin' Records. The album was recorded during the band's UK tour in support of their debut album Hymns for Strange Children
 The Fiddler's Dream is a folk / folk-rock album by Dransfield a short-lived group principally comprising the Dransfield brothers Robin and Barry. Originally released as an LP in 1976 by Transatlantic catalogue number TRA 322 featuring cover illustrations by Paul Ellis.The album was produced by Brian Harrison and recorded at Livingstone Studio Barnet during March and April 1976. Engineer was Nic Kinsey.
 Nothing Lasts Forever is a 6-song mini-album by San Fernando Valley California-based Latin Rock band Tribe of Gypsies.
 Big Blind Bluesy is an album by American guitarist Pat Donohue released in 1989. It was reissued in 1994 and again in 2007.
 The Remix Album is the second and final album by rap/reggae duo Prince Ital Joe and Marky Mark. The album was released in 1995 for Ultraphonic Records and was a remix album featuring remixed from the duo's previous album Life in the Streets as well as a Marky Mark solo track No Mercy. This would mark the second and final album by Prince Ital Joe and the fourth and final album by Marky Mark.
 Kenny G – Greatest Hits is the second greatest hits album by saxophonist Kenny G. It was released by Arista Records in 1997 and peaked at number 1 on the Contemporary Jazz Albums chart number 15 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and number 19 on Billboard 200.Shortly after the release of 'Greatest Hits' the blockbuster film Titanic was released.
 Hits is a compilation album (fourth overall) by Tony! Toni! Toné!. It was released on October 28 1997 for Mercury Records and was produced by Tony! Toni! Toné! Foster & McElroy and Quik. Hits peaked at No. 54 on the Top R&B Albums chart.
 Definitivamente (Definitively) is the title of the third studio album released by Puerto-Rican singer Lourdes Robles in 1991. The album at number ten in the Billboard Latin Pop Albums chart. The album produced three singles: Sola Todo Me Habla de Ti and Soñando Contigo.
 Cool Ruler is a 1978 album by Gregory Isaacs his first released on the Virgin Records subsidiary Front Line. The Jamaican release was on Isaacs' African Museum imprint. The album was produced by Isaacs and mixed by Lancelot Maxie McKenzie at Channel One Studios in Kingston Jamaica. Of the tracks on the album Let's Dance had previously been released as a single.
 Smothered and Covered is a collection of outtakes demos and rarities by alternative country band The Handsome Family. It was released in 2003 through Handsome Family Music.
 1961 – Toshiko Akiyoshi is a compilation (effectively a combined re-issue of 2 albums) of previous Toshiko Akiyoshi recordings from 1961. All 5 tracks from the Asahi Sonorama releases Long Yellow Road (also released as Tosiko Akiyosi Recital) as well as all 6 tracks from the King Records release Toshiko Meets Her Old Pals are contained on this album. All of these tracks along with those of many other artists are also included on the 12 CD box set A History of King Jazz Recordings.
 Left and Leaving is an album by The Weakerthans released July 25 2000 on G7 Welcoming Committee Records.In Chart magazine's 2005 poll of the Top 50 Canadian albums of all time Left and Leaving ranked in sixth place. It was also nominated for Alternative Album of the Year at the 2001 Juno Awards.Aside appears on the soundtrack of the film Wedding Crashers.
 Winter Light is a 1999 album by Yanni released on the Private Music label. It included popular songs from many of his albums including Dare to Dream and Out of Silence.
 Scener was released on 25 October 1985 and is a studio album from Swedish pop artist Per Gessle. The album peaked at #39 on the Swedish albums chart.
 Tough All Over is an album by American rock band John Cafferty & The Beaver Brown Band.It was first released in 1985 and was Cafferty's first attempt to pull his band away from the Eddie and the Cruisers franchise; however it was later re-released with a different album cover and The Voice of Eddie and the Cruisers added to the title.
 Masters of the Universe is a 1977 compilation album by Hawkwind covering the years 1971-1974.
 Pavarotti & Friends for Guatemala and Kosovo is a compilation album by Luciano Pavarotti with each track featuring a different artist. This album was captured live from the Parco Novi Sad Modena June 1 1999 in the presence of 1992 Nobel peace prize winner Rigoberta Menchu Tum.
 The Beauty Process is the fifth album by the Los Angeles band L7. Recorded in late 1996 and released in February 1997 the album was favored by critics yet dismissed by many earlier fans of the band.[citation needed]The bass guitarist Jennifer Finch left the band during the recording and was briefly replaced by Greta Brinkman. (Gail Greenwood formerly of Belly joined after Brinkman's departure).
 Little Bit of Life is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Craig Morgan. Released in late 2006 on the independent Broken Bow Records label the album produced three singles for him on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. Serving as lead-off single was the album's title track which reached a peak of No. 7 while Tough its follow-up peaked at No. 11. The third and final single International Harvester reached No. 10.
 iTunes Originals – Red Hot Chili Peppers is a virtual album by Red Hot Chili Peppers which was released only on the iTunes Store as part of the iTunes Originals series of digital albums. It features live versions of the band playing some of their more famous songs as well as featuring the band themselves talking about their careers. It comprises videos of their live performances for the iTunes Originals as well as interviews about their careers featuring the members of the band and Rick Rubin.
 Ringo 2012 is the 16th studio album by Ringo Starr released on 30 January 2012 in the UK and 31 January 2012 in the US. It was released on CD LP and digitally by Hip-O Records and UMe.
 Blue Green Orange is the third album by the Canadian alternative rock band I Mother Earth released by Universal on July 13 1999. The album featured covers in blue green or orange. The album was certified gold in Canada.The album while still in the vein of the prior jam-oriented albums was mellower and offered several twists. These included tribal rhythms computerized loops instrumental elements similar to modern indie rock and the debut of Brian Byrne on lead vocals.
 Reflections in Blue is an album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers recorded in 1978 in Paris and released on the Dutch Timeless label.
 Opposite Way is the second studio album from the Christian band Leeland released on February 26 2008. The album reached #1 on the iTunes Store Christian Albums chart in its debut week. Count Me In and the title track Opposite Way have been released as radio singles.
 The Midnight Oil is the third studio album released by American country singer Barbara Mandrell released in 1973.Mandrell had not released a solo studio album since 1971. It was her most successful album while under her Columbia label. This album brought Mandrell into riskier territory especially with the title track The Midnight Oil which discussed how a woman was cheating on her husband because when she comes home she still had the midnight oil all over her.
 Definitive Collection is a compilation greatest hits album by Nina Hagen released in 1995.
 Closeness is an album of duets by bassist Charlie Haden recorded in 1976 and released on the Horizon label.
 UHF II is an album by the rock band UHF released in 1994. consisting of singer-songwriters Bill Henderson of Chilliwack fame Shari Ulrich and Roy Forbes.
 Saxophone Supremacy is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1959 and released on the Verve label.
 I'm OK is Taiwanese Mandopop singer-songwriter David Tao's second Mandarin studio album.
 Ostrich Churchyard is an album by Orange Juice released on CD in 1992. Tracks 1 to 12 were recorded live at the Hellfire Club Glasgow on 17th May 1981. The remaining tracks were from a John Peel session recording of October 1980.
 Nightmares is the first EP album of the American heavy metal band Omen. It was originally released in 1987 by Metal Blade. It was included as bonus tracks on the 1989 re-issue of Warning Of Danger and the 1996 re-issue of The Curse.
 Wolfmother is the debut studio album by Australian rock band Wolfmother originally released on 31 October 2005 in Australia. The album was later released internationally at various dates in 2006 with the addition of Love Train and a rearranged track listing. Wolfmother peaked at number three on the Australian ARIA Albums Chart and was certified five times platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association.
 MTV RPM 2002 is the last album and the only DVD by Brazilian rock and roll band RPM released in 2002 and bringing back its classical formation.Recorded at Procópio Ferreira Theater (São Paulo Brazil) in 26 and 27 March 2002 the album features greatest hits like Revoluções Por Minuto Alvorada Voraz Rádio Pirata Sete Mares and Louras Geladas as well as unreleased songs: Carbono 14 Rainha Vem Pra Mim (by Herbert Vianna) and Onde está o meu amor? recorded in studio and included on the Esperança's original soundtrack from Rede Globo.The album features Roberto Frejat as a guest at the song Exagerado by Cazuza. 
 The Afterman: Descension is the seventh studio album by progressive rock band Coheed and Cambria. It is the second part of a double album the first part of which is The Afterman: Ascension. The band took seven months to record the albums between 2011 and 2012 and announced a February 5 2013 release date.The deluxe version of the album was released with a coffee-table book co-written by band member Claudio Sanchez and writer Peter David giving a song-by-song experience of the concept album.
 Melody of Certain Charm is the fifth studio album by Blonde Redhead. It was produced by Guy Picciotto & Ryan Hadlock and released by Touch & Go Records in 2000.
 Call Off the Search is the debut album by Georgian jazz and blues singer Katie Melua released in 2003.
 I'm with Stupid is the second studio album by the American singer-songwriter Aimee Mann released in 1995.
 Now Appearing at Ole Miss is a live album by B. B. King released in 1980. Bill Dahl of Allmusic called it the worst most lethargic live album that King ever made.
 Música Negra (Black Music)/Wordplay is an EP by hip hop group The X-Ecutioners then known as The X-Men featuring rhymes by Gudtyme. The EP was released shortly after their debut album X-Pressions and despite changing their names to The X-Ecutioners the EP was released under their former name The X-Men. Several versions of Música Negra (Black Music) and Wordplay appeared on the EP.
 House of Hearts is an album by American blues guitarist and singer Rory Block released in 1987 on the Rounder Records label. The album is dedicated to Block's son Thiele David Biehusen who died in a road accident aged 20. Biehusen's voice is heard on the telephone answering machine on the title track.
 Mantaray is an album by Siouxsie Sioux. It is her first full-length solo studio album after a 30-year music career as the frontwoman for Siouxsie and the Banshees and The Creatures. It was released in the UK on 10 September 2007 on W14 a new label within the Universal Music Group. A U.S. release followed on 2 October 2007 on Decca Records.
 Galore: The Singles 1987-1997 is the second singles compilation by The Cure. It contains singles from the years 1987–1997. The song Wrong Number is the only new song on the album.
 The Isness is a 2002 album by experimental electronica group The Future Sound of London released under the alias Amorphous Androgynous (except in the US where it was released as FSOL for commercial reasons).
 FabricLive.66 is a 2012 DJ mix album by Daniel Avery. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Behind Crimson Eyes is the self-titled second and final full-length studio album by Australian rock band Behind Crimson Eyes released through Roadrunner Records on 20 March 2009. The band has released two singles from the album Addicted and Fighting for Our Lives.
 Third Time's a Charm is the debut full-length album by Better Luck Next Time. Released only in California on December 10 2005 the band recorded engineered and produced the album entirely on their own. Copies were sold by the band through their website and at shows. The album later caught the attention of InYa Face Records in Tokyo Japan who released it as Better Luck Next Time in 2006. Enemy One Records also released the album in Brazil.
 War ina Babylon is an album by Max Romeo and Lee Perry's backing band The Upsetters released in 1976.Along with The Heptones' Party Time and Junior Murvin's Police and Thieves both released in 1977 this album is a part of what is referred to as Lee Scratch Perry-produced Black Ark holy trinity.
 Nightmare is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Avenged Sevenfold released on July 27 2010 through Warner Bros. Records. It was produced by Mike Elizondo and mixed in New York City by noted engineer Andy Wallace.
 Carnage is the debut full-length album by the Chicago-based thrash/sludge metal band Lair of the Minotaur. The album was released in CD form by Southern Lord Records along with a red vinyl version with a gold and black screenprinted cover limited to 666 copies.
 Runaljod - Yggdrasil is the second album by Wardruna. It is an interpretation of the elder futhark and is sung in Norwegian Old Norse and Proto-Norse. The lyrics center around Norse spiritual themes.
 Along Came Jones is the 1965 debut album recorded by Tom Jones and included his massive hit single It's Not Unusual. The album reached No 11. Some of the songs were covers and some were written especially for Jones like the Gordon Mills-penned The Rose.In July 1965 Parrot Records (USA Canada) issued an abridged (12 track) version of the album titled It's Not Unusual.
 Rev.elation had an original release date of October 18 2005 on the Sharp Nine label. All tracks were recorded live at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club London in April 2005. Rev.elation hit the no. 1 spot of the JazzWeek Jazz Charts in mid November 2005.
 More Jazz Meets the Symphony is an album by Argentine composer pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin with basssist Ray Brown drummer Grady Tate trumpeters Jon Faddis and James Morrison saxophonist Paquito D'Rivera and the London Philharmonic Orchestra recorded in 1993 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Close to You was the second album by the Carpenters released in August 1970. In 2003 the album was ranked number 175 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. The album contains the hit singles (They Long to Be) Close to You and We've Only Just Begun. (They Long to Be) Close to You was the duo's first big hit that gained the Carpenters international reputation for a decade. The album topped the Canadian Albums Chart and peaked at #2 on the U.S.
 The Rose Garden is the self-titled only album from the folk rock group The Rose Garden. It was released in April 1968. It includes their Top 20 hit Next Plane To London. Originally issued by Atco Records it was reissued on CD by Collector's Choice Music. Atco's current distributing label Rhino Records has made this album available for digital downloads.
 Enter the Chicken is the fourteenth studio album by musician Buckethead. The album was released on October 25 2005 by Serj Tankian's label Serjical Strike. It has 11 songs two of which are less than twenty seconds long.
 Century Child is the fourth studio album of Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish released in 2002 by Spinefarm Records. It is the first album with current bassist and male vocalist Marco Hietala.The album is a notable departure from previous Nightwish releases lyrically and musically. The overall musical scheme is slower and darker than the more light-hearted likes of Oceanborn and Wishmaster with more emphasis on ambience and melodic leanings.
 Swingin' is the second studio album by singer Dino released on August 13 1990 by Polydor Records. The album reached No. 82 on the Billboard 200 albums chart. The album contains two singles Romeo (Dino song) which contains the rapper Ice Doctor which reached No. 6 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart and Gentle (a cover of the song originally released in 1985 by singer Frederick) which reached No. 31.
 Wish is a 1993 album by jazz saxophonist Joshua Redman.
 Songs From Before is the solo debut from Fionnuala Sherry of the New Instrumental duo Secret Garden. The album was self released in Ireland in November 2010. and was released in June 2011 in North America by Hearts of Space Records an independent record label owned by Valley Entertainment. The album contains mainly interpretations of traditional Irish song.
 Golden Age of Radio is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Josh Ritter. It was Ritter's first album to be released nationally after he was signed to Signature Sounds. According to his official website Golden Age of Radio was originally self-released in 2001 and passed out at shows. This self-pressed version contained a different solo version of the title track called Country Song different mastering and a different track order.
 All Day Music is the fourth album by funk group War released November 1971 on United Artists Records. The title single was backed with Get Down.Slipping Into Darkness (backed with Nappy Head) War's first big hit since their name change from Eric Burdon and War was on the Hot 100 for 22 weeks and so tied with Gallery's Nice to Be with You for most weeks on that chart all within the calendar year 1972.
 My Aim Is True is the debut album by English singer-songwriter Elvis Costello.The album was recorded at Pathway Studios in Holloway London Borough of Islington over the course of 1976 during late-night studio sessions in a total of twenty-four hours. It was the first of five consecutive Costello albums produced by Nick Lowe. The backing band was made up of members of Clover.
 Akvaario is the sixth (fifth Finnish) album by the Finnish band Indica and was released in 2014. It was simultaneously released in English with the title Shine. The album's first single Älä Kanna Pelkoa was released in late-November of 2013. A music video for the single was posted online December 18th 2013.
 For Someone I Love is an album by vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring big band performances arranged by Melba Liston recorded in 1963 and released on the Riverside label.
 No Place to Run is the eighth album by the band UFO. It was released in January 1980 (date by official UFO site) by Chrysalis Records. It is the first album to feature Paul Chapman who replaced Michael Schenker on lead guitar.The album was produced by George Martin best known for his work with The Beatles. The record cover was issued in several different versions in the UK although the only difference was the colour of the album title.
 Ki-Oku (記憶; means a memory) is a collaboration album between DJ Krush and Toshinori Kondo. Both are experienced musicians in their particular genre with DJ Krush being one of Japan's most successful DJs and Toshinori Kondo being a well-respected trumpeter specializing in avant-garde jazz.The album is set out in a unique way with ten proper tracks and three short interludes (entitled Tobira 1 2 and 3).
 Trance Remixes is a 2002 album by 2 Unlimited a Eurodance project founded in 1991 by Belgian producers Jean-Paul DeCoster and Phil Wilde and fronted by Dutch rapper Ray Slijngaard and Dutch vocalist Anita Doth.
 Swinging Brass with the Oscar Peterson Trio is a 1959 studio album by Oscar Peterson arranged by Russell Garcia.
 Reveal is the 12th album by the American alternative rock band R.E.M. released in 2001 on Warner Bros. After having adjusted to former drummer Bill Berry's departure and releasing Up to mixed response in 1998 R.E.M. released the more upbeat Reveal co-produced with long-time collaborator Patrick McCarthy.In 2002 R.E.M. allowed each track of the album to be remixed by different producers and members of the music industry.
 Weathered Statues is an EP by the American hardcore punk band T.S.O.L. (True Sounds of Liberty) released in 1982 through Alternative Tentacles. In comparison to the band's previous material its experimental nature and melodic leanings confused some of their fans and presaged the creative direction they would take on their second studio album 1983's Beneath the Shadows.
 Cara de Ángel (Spanish: Angel Face) is the 20th Studio album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge. It was the singer's first album for WEA Latina and was released in 1992. It includes the radio hits Sobreviviré Entrega Total and the club hit Viviré Sin Tí.
 Live at Llangollen is a live concert video by Welsh mezzo-soprano Katherine Jenkins which was released on DVD on 4 December 2006. The concert was filmed at the Llangollen International Musical Eisteddfod on 9 July 2006.The concert features the tenor Nicky Spence as a special guest Anthony Inglis and the National Symphony Orchestra.
 Billboard Top R&B Hits: 1973 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1990 featuring 10 hit rhythm and blues recordings from 1973.All tracks on the album were hits on Billboard's Best Selling Soul Singles chart. In addition several of the songs were mainstream hits charting on the Billboard Hot 100 during 1973. Of those songs Keep On Truckin' (Pt. 1) by Eddie Kendricks reached No. 1 on the Hot 100.
 Pacific Rim is the soundtrack to the film of the same name. It was released on digital download from Amazon on June 18 2013 and CD June 25 2013. The physical version of the soundtrack was released on July 9 2013 three days before the theatrical release of the film itself.The film's score was composed by Ramin Djawadi with guest musicians Tom Morello and Priscilla Ahn.
 The debut full length album from Swedish band Shout Out Louds. The original version released in Scandinavian countries on 1 October 2003 contained a slightly different track listing from the international release. Their website advertises the international version as being A collection of songs from all our Scandinavian releases. Everything from plastic to vinyl.The international version was released on May 24 2005 in the United States and Canada.
 In the Key of G is Irish-English singer-songwriter Gilbert O'Sullivan's ninth studio album and originally released in November 1989. Union Square Music re-released it in April 2013 on Salvo label in part of the Gilbert O'Sullivan - A Singer And His Songs collection.
 Historic Live Tuna is a Hot Tuna album released in 1985 with side A containing some previously unreleased tracks from a live acoustic performance played on KSAN radio in 1971 and with side B containing some previously unreleased live material from a live electric performance in 1971 recorded at the Fillmore West auditorium in San Francisco.
 What I'm Cut Out to Be is the name of a Country music album by Dottie West released in 1968.The album sold quite well considering there were no singles released from the disc peaking in the Country Top 20. One song from the album Before The Next Teardrop Falls became a major hit seven years later for Freddy Fender.Although sales of this album were decent no singles were released from it.
 UB44 is the third album by UB40. It was released in September 1982. The early release of the packaging had a hologram cover. It reached No 4 in the UK album chart. This album was effectively the last one in their early musical style again mixing heavy doom-laden reggae soundscapes with politically and socially conscious lyrics.
 With All Due Respect – The Irish Sessions is an album by American rock band Young Dubliners. The album was released on February 13 2007. The album consists of renditions of traditional Irish folk songs and also features covers of songs by Irish bands The Dubliners and The Pogues.
 Mala noćna panika (Little Night Panic) is the second studio album by the Serbian New Wave band Bulevar released by PGP RTB in 1982. The album was remastered and released on CD in 2008 on the compilation album Nestašni dečaci by PGP RTS the successor of PGP RTB.
 Throat Full Of Heart is the fifth album by the Los Angeles based metal band My Ruin.The album was released in January 2008. It includes artwork by the vocalist Tairrie B along with My Ruin's first ever full length DVD with the music videos for Ready For Blood and Religiosity with bonus and behind-the-scenes footage of The Making of RFB by the guitarist Mick Murphy.
 Duo is an acoustic album by Richard Marx and Vertical Horizon vocalist Matt Scannell. The disc was released on May 12 2008 exclusively through RichardMarx.com and was later made available for sale at their concerts together as well. Marx and Scannell exhibit both of their acclaimed works. Marx remade a version of Always On Your Mind for his 2008 album Sundown. The disc is predominantly done on acoustic guitar aside from the track Give You Back performed on piano.
 Evening (styled as (e)vening) is the third and final EP by American alternative/indie band Mae following Morning and Afternoon. Copies of a limited release edition were available on the band's Goodbye Goodnight tour. The EP was released in stores on March 8 2011 bundled with a DVD recorded at the band's farewell show in Norfolk VA.
 The Colors in the Wheel is an album by Venus Hum released on July 25 2006 on the Nettwerk recording label subsidiary Mono-Fi Records. The release party was held at Grimey's New and Pre-loved Music in the band's founding hometown of Nashville Tennessee.
 Recurring Dream and Apocalypse of Darkness is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released in 2008 by Important Records.
 The Completion Backward Principle is the sixth studio album from the rock group The Tubes. It is the group's first for Capitol Records. It was accompanied by a long form music video release of the same name although it did not contain all of the songs from the album. It is a concept album presented as a motivational business document.
 Drowners is the debut album by the indie rock band Drowners released on January 28 2014.
 Automatic Writing is the debut studio album by American experimental rock band Ataxia released on August 10 2004 on Record Collection. Ataxia consisted of then-Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist John Frusciante Joe Lally of Fugazi and Josh Klinghoffer Frusciante's subsequent successor in the Red Hot Chili Peppers.The band recorded 10 songs approximately 80 minutes of content over a two-week period and played two live shows in a matter of four days.
 The Best of The Beta Band - Music and The Best of The Beta Band - Film are retrospective best of collections by The Beta Band on CD and DVD respectively released on 3 October 2005. The cover artwork combines elements from the covers of each of the three EPs and three albums released by the band in its seven-year lifespan.
 Electrical Power Sources For the Electrocution and Extinction of the Human Race... was one of five singles Servotron released in 1996. It was released black vinyl on One Louder Records. The back cover reads: No human shall be pardoned from its crime of existence.
 Orchard Avenue is an EP by Christian parody band ApologetiX composed solely of parodies of songs by The Beatles. The album is only available on the band's website. Only one song Ha-Bakk is entirely new as the other songs were previously recorded in 1996 but those recordings did not get a wide release until the release of the Rare Not Well Done rarities compilation also only available on the band's website.
 Puttin' It Together is an album by American jazz drummer Elvin Jones his first effort for Blue Note as a leader. It was recorded in 1968 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Elevation is a live album by American saxophonist and composer Pharoah Sanders featuring one track recorded in the studio released on the Impulse! label.
 Los Valientes del Mundo Nuevo (The Braves of the New World) is the second live album by the lo-fi garage rock band Black Lips. This recording is purportedly from a live show performed in Tijuana Mexico. But this claim's validity has frequently been called into question. Many of the songs featured appeared on the band's previous studio album Let It Bloom.
 Greatest Hits Vol. 2 is a compilation album by Swedish pop group ABBA released in October 1979 to coincide with their tour of North America and Europe (taking place between September and November 1979).
 myGRAIN is the third album by the Finnish melodic death metal band myGRAIN.
 Un Regard 9 is the title of both the CD and DVD from Lara Fabian's 2005/2006 tour of the same name which followed her 2005 studio release titled 9. The CD and DVD were both released separately and together as a limited edition box set. The CD and DVD were both recorded live on 29 March 2006 at the Zenith in Paris. The CD presents 15 live performances plus a brand new song Aime recorded in a studio in Montreal.
 The Streetsweeper Vol. 1 is the debut album by American DJ DJ Kay Slay released on May 20 2003 through Columbia Records.
 Luther Burbank Performing Arts Center Blues is Lewis Black's fourth album. It was nominated for a Grammy for Best Comedy Album in 2006. It was recorded at the Luther Burbank Center for the Arts in Santa Rosa California (which has since been renamed the Wells Fargo Center for the Arts). A limited vinyl edition of 500 for this release was issued by Stand Up! Records. The cover art was modified to look like a road case which contains a microphone.
 Theater of Salvation is the fourth studio album by German power metal band Edguy released in 1999. It is the first to feature drummer Felix Bohnke and bass player Tobias Exxel. The album reached No. 50 in the Swedish Albums Chart.
 Visions is a duet album issued on LP format credited to Walt Dickerson (with Sun Ra) and later reissued on CD credited to Sun Ra and Walt Dickerson.
 The HBO television drama The Sopranos has received considerable critical attention for its effective use of an eclectic array of music. Series creator David Chase personally selected all of the show's music with the producer Martin Bruestle and music editor Kathryn Dayak sometimes also consulting Steven Van Zandt who in addition to portraying Silvio Dante on the show also serves as guitarist for Bruce Springsteen's E Street Band.
 Seul... avec vous is the name of the first live album recorded by the Canadian singer Garou. Recorded during Garou's 2001 concerts tour and released on November 6 2001 this album contains many songs from his debut album Seul and other songs from the musical Notre-Dame de Paris plus a cover version of Le Monde est stone in a studio version (this song was originally recorded for the French musical Starmania in 1977) which was the only single from this live album. Seul...
 Reptile Ride is the title of Amoral's third album which was released in Japan on August 10 2007 and on August 15 2007 in the rest of the world.
 Shooting Star is the debut studio album by Australian recording artist Rachael Leahcar who finished third on the first season of The Voice Australia. The album was released on 13 July 2012 through Universal Music Australia. It features songs Leahcar performed on The Voice two original songs as well as newly recorded covers.
 On a Mission is the second studio album by American country music group Trick Pony. It was released in 2002 as their final album for Warner Bros. Records. The album's singles were On a Mission and A Boy Like You the latter of which failed to reach the Top 40 on the Hot Country Songs charts. Nobody Ever Died of a Broken Heart was recorded in 2006 by Cowboy Crush who released it as a single. Willie Nelson's hit single Whiskey River is also covered here.
 Moliendo Café is a 2002 compilation album by Mario Suárez on the Yoyo USA label. The album presents songs of Venezuelan music.
 Afternoon Tales The Mornings Never Knew is the second album of The Birdwatcher the alias used by Dan Matz.
 On Tour is a live album by Yann Tiersen. It was originally released in 2006 and features songs from Tiersen's past albums as well as some previously unreleased compositions. The album is notable for having a different approach to Tiersen's musical style: the usual multi-instrumental ensemble was replaced with electric guitars and an ondes martenot giving the music a fresh rendition.On Tour was also released as a DVD.
 Dark Light Daybreak is the third release by Athens-based band Now It's Overhead. It was released September 12 2006.
 Master Series is a compilation album by Elkie Brooks. It was issued on CD in 1997 by A&M and distributed only in Germany.
 Train of Thought is the seventh studio album by progressive band Dream Theater released on November 11 2003 through Elektra Records.Inspired by the audience response to Dream Theater's heavier songs while on tour the vast majority of the album is purely progressive metal and the progressive rock sound heard on other Dream Theater albums is rarely present. The album was written in three weeks. It was engineered by Doug Oberkircher and mixed by Kevin Shirley.
 The Horse Legends is the twentieth album by American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey. This is Murphey's tribute to the horse and contains a duet with Johnny Cash on Tennessee Stud cover versions of Dan Fogelberg's Run for the Roses and Gordon Lightfoot's The Pony Man and re-recordings of Murphey's Wildfire and The Running Blood. The Horse Legends was the last album Murphey recorded for Warner Bros. Records.
 Moving released in 1983 is the third studio album by The Raincoats. It was re-released in the US by DGC Records in 1993 and in the UK by Rough Trade Records in 1994 with a different track-list. On its original release the album reached #5 in the UK Indie Chart.
 I've Got That Old Feeling is an album by American violinist/singer Alison Krauss released in 1990. It reached number 61 on the Billboard Country Albums chart.At the Grammy Awards of 1991 I've Got That Old Feeling won the Grammy Award for Best Bluegrass Recording.
 Wilderness is the fourth album by American singer-songwriter Sophie B. Hawkins released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).
 feather is a mini album by Japanese singer/pianist Misako Odani released October 29 2003 on the Toshiba-EMI label. The album is actually a cover album made by a band called ta-ta which was a side project of Misako. The band featured Misako on vocals Tomu Tamada on drums Tomokazu Ninomiya on bass Hisako Tabuchi on guitar and Takafumi Ikeda on keyboard.The CD also contains a music video of track 4.
 Modern Thrills is the first studio album by Tesla Boy first released on May 31 2010.
 Rock 'n' Roll Gypsies is the second live album by the band Saxon released in 1989 by Roadrunner Records. It was the first album produced by Biff Byford and the first work with the bass guitarist Nibbs Carter. In addition it was the drummer Nigel Glockler's return to the band. In 2001 it was re-released with a different cover and two additional tracks and with production credited to the whole band and not just to Byford.
 Live+1 is a 1988 EP from Frehley's Comet. It was meant to serve as a stop-gap until the release of the group's second studio album Second Sighting. The first four songs were recorded live at the Aragon Ballroom in Chicago Illinois on September 4 1987. The last song Words Are Not Enough is a shorter version of a demo recording the group made in 1985
 All Night Long is a 1981 live album by Shirley Horn recorded at the Northsea Jazz Festival. All Night Long is a companion to Violets for Your Furs both created live by the Shirley Horn Trio from the Northsea Jazz Festival in 1981. Released by Danish record label SteepleChase SCS 1157.
 The Honesty Room is an album by Dar Williams.
 Whales and Leeches is the third album by the American stoner metal band Red Fang released in 2013 on Relapse Records.
 De La Soulviet is a mashup album produced and mixed by Miami-based producer and sound engineer TenDJiz. It uses acapellas of hip-hop trio De La Soul and couples it with instrumentals created from Soviet soul and jazz samples. The album was released on October 1 2011.
 Feathers is the fifty-eighth studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the twenty-eighth installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series. The album was part of a series of thirty pike albums that were released in close succession from one another during 2013.The album was announced on September 24 as a limited edition consisting of 300 copies of an untitled white album signed by Buckethead himself scheduled to be released on October 8.
 Last Light is the seventh album by Matt Pond PA released in 2007.
 Born to Choose is a compilation album released in 1993 on Rykodisc. It was released as a benefit album with proceeds going to support NARAL the Brooklyn Women's Anti-Rape Exchange and Women's Health Action and Mobilization. [1]
 Victorious 3.0 is the third and final soundtrack and the second and final Extended play for the Victorious series. The album was released November 6 2012 with a total of 5 tracks.
 Afro-Harping is an album by jazz harpist Dorothy Ashby recorded in 1968 and released on the Cadet label.
 Sumerian Cry is the debut album from the Swedish then-death metal band Tiamat.The album was recorded at Sunlight Studio Stockholm Sweden in 1989 when the band was known under the original name Treblinka. The track Sumerian Cry Pt. 1 is a re-interpretation of the intro melody from Crawling in Vomit the first track off Treblinka's first demo. The track The Sign of the Pentagram is exclusive to the CD version of the album and was not recorded at the same time as the rest of the album.
 Bonjour Kathrin – Caterina Valente präsentiert ihre größten Erfolge is an album from Caterina Valente. Released in Germany 1965.
 Yolanda... Live In Washington is an album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams. This album contains performances previously only available on live VHS concerts as well as two studio tracks: Praise Your Holy Name and Thank You. The latter was re-recorded on Adams' Believe album in 2001.
 A Portrait of Aldo Nova is a compilation album by Canadian rock musician Aldo Nova released in 1991. It features songs from his first three albums.
 Last Words: The Final Recordings is the last official album by the American Seattle Grunge band the Screaming Trees. The album itself was recorded two years after their album Dust. Shortly after Dust was released Epic Records decided to drop the band. However in the years of 1998 and 1999 the band recorded the album in Pearl Jam's guitarist Stone Gossard's studio.
 Misión La Cima is a rap album released by Puerto Rican singer Vico C.
 Godfather Buried Alive is the second studio album by rapper Shyne. Shyne who was incarcerated at the time was in the middle of serving a 10 year jail sentence for a shooting in New York City. It was released August 10 2004 off Def Jam. The album included 13 tracks 12 of which were previously recorded vocals one was recorded over the phone from jail. The album debuted #3 on the Billboard 200 with 158000 copies sold in its first week. The album was certified gold by the RIAA in December 2004.
 Michael Ball is the debut album by British singer Michael Ball. It was released in 1992 by Polydor Records and peaked at number one on the UK Albums Chart.
 King of Nothing is the second studio album by American country music duo The Warren Brothers. It was released in September 2000 via BNA Records. The album includes the singles That's the Beat of a Heart Move On and Where Does It Hurt. That's the Beat of a Heart features guest vocals from Sara Evans and was previously released on the soundtrack to the 2000 film Where the Heart Is. Move On is the brothers' highest-peaking single reaching #17 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.
 The avante garde Alien³ score was written for the motion picture of the same name. Scored by Elliot Goldenthal it was his first big mainstream score; he described it as an experiment and spent a whole year creating it.
 Live in San Francisco is a live album from ProjeKct Four a King Crimson off-shoot band. It was recorded on November 1 1998 in the U.S. city of San Francisco and released by the King Crimson Collector's Club in August 1999.
 Kinfolk is the debut album by American rap duo Ali & Gipp released on August 14 2007 through Derrty Entertainment and Universal Records. The first single off the album was already released called Go 'Head featuring Chocolate Tai. The second single is N da Paint featuring Nelly. The third single is Work Dat Twerk Dat featuring Murphy Lee. The fourth and final single is Almost Made Ya featuring LeToya Luckett.
 Crónica de Dos Grandes (Eng.: Chronicle of Two Idols) is a compilation album released by the Mexican groups Los Bukis and Bronco. This album became the third number-one album for Los Bukis and the second for Bronco in the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart. A special edition was released in 2005 titled Crónica de Dos Grandes: Recuerdos con Amor.
 ...And This Is Our Music is the ninth studio album by The Brian Jonestown Massacre released on October 7 2003 on Tee Pee Records. It was re-released on A Records packaged alongside the If Love Is the Drug Then I Want to O.D single and was distributed in the UK through Cargo Records.
 Freak 'n' Roll...Into the Fog: The Black Crowes All Join Hands The Fillmore San Francisco is a live concert album released on DVD CD and Blu-ray by American southern rock band The Black Crowes in 2006. Filmed at the The Fillmore in August 2005 this performance was the second of a five-night stand at the theater. The set features guests Dave Ellis and the Left Coast Horns.
 Not to be confused with The Boys the album by Girls' Generation.The Boys Won't Leave the Girls Alone is a collection of mostly traditional Irish folk songs performed by The Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem. It also includes several songs from other country such as Marie's Wedding. It was their third album for Columbia Records and was released in 1962. It was also their first studio album for Columbia. Its title is taken from the song I'll Tell My Ma.
 Never Fade Away is the second studio album by Irish trance producer and DJ John O'Callaghan released May 11 2009 on Armada Music.
 Broke & Famous: Still Broke the Mixtape is an album released by the reggaeton duo Ñejo & Dalmata in 2009.
 The Blue Trees is the seventh album by Welsh band Gorky's Zygotic Mynci released on 30 October 2000.
 Raskršće snova (trans. Crossroads of Dreams) is the second studio album by Serbian power/progressive metal band Dargoron.
 Vegas 96 is a triple live album from the American jam band Phish recorded live at the Aladdin Theatre in Las Vegas Nevada on December 6 1996.
 Fisiognomica is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Franco Battiato released by EMI Music Italian in 1988. It sold 300000 copies in Italy.The cover features a photo of Battiato as an adolescent when still living in Sicily. L'Oceano di Silenzio is an operatic song containing German text from Fleur Jaeggy's Wasserstatuen.
 Legacy of Hate and Lust is the 6th album by Leæther Strip.
 25 O'Clock is a mini-album from XTC which was released under their pseudonym The Dukes of Stratosphear and is their eighth studio album. Joined by XTC member Dave Gregory's brother Ian on drums the Dukes indulged in the stylistic tropes of 1960s psychedelia particularly the British variety. Released on April Fool's Day 1985 the mini-album was a tongue in cheek homage to the heyday of psychedelic rock.
 Songhai is a fusion flamenco album by Spanish band Ketama working in collaboration with Malian kora player Toumani Diabaté and other musicians.For further information see Songhai (musical collaboration)
 'Round About Midnight is an album by jazz musician Miles Davis. It was his debut on Columbia Records and was originally released in March 1957 (CL 949). The album took its name from the Thelonious Monk song Template:-'Round Midnight.
 Vol IV: Johnny Pyro and the Dance of Evil is the third album by the Irish funk-rock band Republic of Loose. Released on May 2 2008 it had achieved gold status in the band's native Ireland by the end of the year.The album spawned four singles : I Like Music The Steady Song (the band's biggest hit to date) The Ritual and Awful Cold.
 Try And Stop Me is a 2004 album by guitarist Leo Kottke. It contains some of Kottke's first forays into improvisation. All songs are unaccompanied guitar solos with the exception of Banks of Marble in which Kottke is supported by the band Los Lobos.Kottke plays a new arrangement of Carla Bley's Jesus Maria here his third recorded version of the song.
 The Awakening is the fourth album by rapper PMD. It was released on June 17 2003 for the independent record label Solid Records. The album did not make it on any album charts nor did it have any charting singles. Despite this fact the record had guest artists including Cypress Hill Fat Joe K-Solo Rob Jackson and Erick Sermon who appeared on the EPMD reunion track Look At U Now.
 Hello! I'm Tommy Reilly is the second album by Tommy Reilly following his departure from A&M Records. It was released on June 14 2010. The album was produced by Roddy Hart who joined Tommy on his tour for Words On The Floor.
 By Myself was an LP album by Julie London released by Liberty Records for Columbia House Record Club under catalog number MCR-1 as a monophonic recording and catalog number SCR-1 in stereo in 1965.
 For the 1969 album by The Chambers Brothers see Love Peace and Happiness.Love Peace & Happiness is the fifth album from Christian R&B/Urban-Pop group Out of Eden. It was released in early 2004 and features hit singles such as Soldiers and the title track.
 Junior is the third studio album by Norwegian electronic music duo Röyksopp released on 18 March 2009 by Wall of Sound. Prior to its official release the album was made available for listening on the duo's website on 13 March 2009. Described as a mix between the styles of Röyksopp's two previous studio albums Melody A.M.
 Gran City Pop: The Remixes is a remix album by Mexican pop singer Paulina Rubio. It was released by Universal Music on April 27 2010. It includes all the official remixes of Causa y Efecto Ni Rosas Ni Juguetes and Algo De Ti the three singles from the original album Gran City Pop. It was released only on a digital format.
 Jagged Edge is a 2-disc album of alternate versions and remixes of songs from the album Jagged. When Numan started recording the album Jagged he was to use Andy Gray as the producer who previously worked on the 2-disc compilation album Hybrid. A version of Jagged and work on a track called Does God Bleed? (which eventually became Halo) were the only outcomes from these session with Gray and he eventually had to leave the project.
 March ör Die is the tenth album by the British band Motörhead. It was recorded and released in 1992.
 The Popsicle EP is the first EP and third major release by the spunk rock band Zolof the Rock & Roll Destroyer. Kenny Vasoli (of The Starting Line) performs guest vocals on Argh... I'm a Pirate while Anthony Green (of Circa Survive and Saosin) returns to perform additional vocals on This Was All a Bad Idea.
 Hard Rope & Silken Twine is the twelfth and final album released by The Incredible String Band. It was released in 1974.
 The Open Book is the fourth album by rapper Hush. It was released July 20 2009 under Restraining Order Records.
 The Spoils is a debut full-length studio album by Nika Roza Danilova better known as Zola Jesus released in July 2010 on Sacred Bones Records. To the LP version's original 10 tracks the CD (15 tracks) adds five songs: two from Soeur Sewer and three from the Poor Sons 7-inch singles.
 Take Me To Your Leader is the twenty-third studio album (twenty-fourth overall) by UK rock group Hawkwind. Released in 2005 it was their first studio album in 8 years. It featured guest appearances by Arthur Brown Lene Lovich the TV presenter Matthew Wright and past member Lemmy. The first 2000 copies came with a DVD containing interviews with band members and some live and behind the scenes footage [1].
 The First Blood Mystery is the debut album of Carina Round. It was released in May 2001 on Animal Noise records. The title The First Blood Mystery is a reference to psychologist Erich Neumann's theory of feminine development. The album was recorded at Magic Garden Studios with friend and producer Gavin Monaghan. The album was recorded and mixed in ten days.
 Not That Far Away is the debut extended play released from country music singer and actress Jennette McCurdy. It was released on August 17 2010 and peaked at No. 3 on the Top Heatseekers chart. It features her debut single Not That Far Away which peaked at No. 58 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of July 10 2010. This EP is currently unavailable.
 It's Been a Long Day is a compilation album by the Chicago-based pop punk band the Smoking Popes released February 16 2010 through Asian Man Records.
 Fuzzy Logic is the debut album by the Welsh rock band Super Furry Animals. Recorded at Rockfield Studios in Wales and released on the Creation label in May 1996 it was positively received by critics who felt it was an eclectic if inconsistent mix of psychedelic music and glam rock and was included in Q Magazine's list of recordings of the year.
 Street Life is the third album released by rapper Fiend. It was released on July 6 1999 for No Limit Records and was produced by Beats By the Pound. Though not as successful as his previous album There's One in Every Family it still managed to make it to No. 15 on the Billboard 200 and No. 1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. There was a promotional video for the single Mr. Whomp Whomp which was a big success peaking at No. 14 on the Top/ Hip Hop Singles & Tracks chart.
 I Can See Your House From Here is the seventh studio album by English progressive rock band Camel. Released in 1979 a new line up was introduced with founding members Andrew Latimer (guitar) and Andy Ward (drums) joined by bassist Colin Bass (to replace Richard Sinclair) and keyboardists Jan Schelhaas (who joined in 1978 for the Breathless tour) and Kit Watkins (ex-Happy The Man) who replaced Dave Sinclair. At one point the album was going to be called 'Endangered Species'.
 Miss America is an album by Mary Margaret O'Hara released in 1988. It is O'Hara's only full-length studio album released to date. All of her other releases have been EPs soundtrack albums or collaborations with other artists. In 2009 the Art Of Time Ensemble featuring Sarah Slean recorded a version of To Cry About for their album Black Flowers.
 You Love Me is a 1999 promotional EP by the Meat Puppets. This was the first release from the then new line-up of the Meat Puppets. It was available free only through the official Meat Puppets website to promote the band's new line-up.
 The Making of Mr. Spoons is the sixth album and the fifth studio album by Ezio released in 2003.The track My friend tonight contains the hidden track The further we stretch after more than 17 minutes of silence (making the total running time 28:01).
 Decrowning is the second full-length album of the death metal band Amoral. It was released under Spikefarm Records in 2005. A music video has been shot for the song Lacrimal Gland.
 Odetta at Town Hall is a live album by American folk singer Odetta recorded at Town Hall New York NY on April 5 1963 and first released later that year.At Town Hall is also available along with At Carnegie Hall from the same era on Vanguard's double-LP The Essential Odetta but the CD version of that release omits eight songs from the Town Hall LP and two songs from the Carnegie Hall LP.
 A Few Miles from Memphis is the debut album by pianist Harold Mabern which was recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label.
 Living Legend is a 1975 jazz album by saxophonist Art Pepper playing with Hampton Hawes Charlie Haden and Shelly Manne.This was Art Pepper's 'comeback' album the first to be released after his long absence due to drug addiction and incarceration in San Quentin prison. Pepper had been finally released in 1966 and for a while only played tenor saxophone showing how much of an influence John Coltrane had been on him in the intervening years.
 The Great Concert of Charles Mingus is a 1964 live album by jazz bassist and composer Charles Mingus recorded at the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées Paris France on April 19 1964.
 The Final Tic is the debut album by Crucial Conflict. It was released on July 2 1996 through Pallas and Universal Records and was entirely produced by member Wildstyle. The album was a success due in large part to the group's breakthrough single Hay which became a top-20 single peaking at 20 on the Billboard 200.
 Hellbound Train is the eighth album by the band Savoy Brown.It was released by Parrot in 1972.
 Autumn Bone is the first full-length release from Melbourne-based singer-songwriter Clare Bowditch and her band The Feeding Set. The album features eleven tracks all written by Bowditch. The second single Monday Comes received significant air-play on Triple J as well as many independent radio stations scattered around both Melbourne and Sydney.
 Year Of Sunday is the third album by soft rock duo Seals and Crofts. It was released in 1971 on Warner Bros. and was their first record for a major label.
 Nuevo Milenio (English: New Millennium) is Hector & Tito's second studio album.
 Infidel Art is a six-track LP released by the Japanese black metal band Sigh. The songs on this album are longer and more atmospheric than those on Sigh's previous effort Scorn Defeat. Five out of the album's six songs reach over eight minute mark.
 Sundowning is the debut full length album by Long Island hardcore punk band This Is Hell.
 No Love Lost is the debut album by English indie rock band The Rifles which was released on July 17 2006. The album reached the #26 spot on the UK charts.The album spawned five singles: Peace & Quiet When I'm Alone Local Boy Repeated Offender and She's Got Standards.In an interview Joel Stoker explained how the name of track 7 Robin Hood got its title from the band's guitarist Luke Crowther and a trip on Soccer AM:
 Rhythm of Time is an album by Jordan Rudess recorded and released in 2004.In order to create the album before he went on tour with Dream Theater in 2004 Rudess lived in complete seclusion from the rest of the world for 14 days. With no telephone e-mail or other social contact Rudess only spoke to his family and his personal assistant.The initial printing run of the United States version of the album contained a bonus CD-ROM section.
 Kidz Bop 14 is the 14th edition of the Kidz Bop series. The album was released on July 29 2008.
 Across the Borders a live album by The Battlefield Band was released in 1997 on the Temple Records label. The total running time is 66:10.
 Richard Chamberlain Sings is the first album released by actor Richard Chamberlain. It would prove his most popular spawning several hit singles. The album was an attempt to expand his career and capitalize on the great popularity of Chamberlain's television series Dr. Kildare. Love Me Tender was released as a single and reached no. 21 on the Billboard Pop singles chart in 1962.
 Bob Peter Bunny & Rita is a roots reggae album by Bob Marley & the Wailers released posthumously in 1985 four years after Marley's death. All tracks were previously unreleased recordings by Jad Records Co. Inc.
 The Fantastic Plastic Machine is the soundtrack to the movie of the same name. An album composed and conducted by jazz saxophonist and film scorer Harry Betts. A surf rock album it isconsidered a departure from his usual style.Out of print for decades the album is considered a collectors' item. The album also inspired Japanese recording artist Tomoyuki Tanaka to take the stage name Fantastic Plastic Machine.
 Jah Roots has released a fifth album Joy. It was recorded at LION and FOX Recording Studios released in April 2008 and charted on iTunes Top 100 Reggae Albums. [1].
 Under the Tray... also known as Inside the Dust Sleeve... is the third LP release of the indie band Reggie and the Full Effect.
 All or Nothing is the third studio album by British R&B singer Jay Sean released 23 November 2009 in the United States as the singer's international debut album with Cash Money Records and Universal Republic and a week later on 30 November 2009 with Jayded Records and 2Point9 Records.
 Golden Feelings is the debut studio album by American musical artist Beck released in 1993 by Sonic Enemy. The album showcases his roots in the anti-folk scene.Initially only available in limited quantities on cassette Sonic Enemy remastered the album and re-released it on CD in mid-1999. Beck was upset that they did so without his permission and after he made his displeasure known Sonic Enemy ceased to press any more copies.
 Skirting the Edge is a studio album by Jandek. It is the 56th release attributed to Jandek and was released by Corwood Industries in 2008. The album features vocals and acoustic guitar and explores a number of dark lyrical themes including ill-health death and the casting-off of material possessions.
 As Dez Mais (Portuguese for The Top Ten) is the tenth studio album by Brazilian rock band Titãs and their first cover album. It was released in 1999 selling more than 400000 copies. It was their last album with guitarist Marcelo Fromer who died in 2001 just a few days before the first days of recordings of As Dez Mais' successor.
 The Closing Chronicles (subtitled: The Breathing Shadow II) is the second studio album by the Swedish progressive/AOR metal/rock band Nightingale released by Black Mark Productions in 1996. The album continues the story begun on The Breathing Shadow. Though it finds Swanö moving into the 1970s/AOR-orientated sound that became the band's trademark the music is not as bombastic as their later albums due to the songs' stark arrangements giving the album an introspective melancholy feeling.
 The Shape of Things is Pere Ubu's fourth live album. It documents a performance within the band's first few months of existence from the brief period in which Peter Laughner was a member. Initially produced only as a tour merchandise item it has since been released to retail.
 More Party Time is an album by saxophonist Arnett Cobb recorded in 1960 for the Prestige label.
 Olos (2000) is an album by the Finnish rock group Absoluuttinen Nollapiste.
 La Llama Eterna is the first studio album by the Asturian power metal band Avalanch released on 1997. This work was later released in English under the name Eternal Flame on April 17 2002.
 Lucky Man is the second studio album of saxophone player Dave Koz.It was released by Capitol Records on June 21 1993.The album peaked at number 2 on Billboard Top Contemporary Jazz Albums chart.The album has sold over 500000 copies in the United States and has thus been certified gold by the RIAA.
 Victory Gardens (1991) is the debut album from John & Mary recorded in 1990 just six months after the two met in December 1989 and immediately following their signing with Rykodisc. John Lombardo former member of 10000 Maniacs and responsible for much of their early music brought elements of the early Maniacs sound with him.
 Stage Left is Martin Barre's fourth stduio CD (in reference to his hallowed position on the Jethro Tull stage assignment). Featuring 13 instrumental tracks (and one with vocals Don't Say a Word) the Jethro Tull guitarist moves through a wide range of guitar-based styles including (but not limited to) classical and blues acoustics progressive rock and 80s-styled finger picking.
 Daytime Friends - The Very Best of Kenny Rogers is a 1993 compilation album by country superstar Kenny Rogers.
 Slicks Box first release not with Rhymesayers Entertainment by Musab Saad formerly Beyond and now known as Sab the Artist. The 12-track recording was released by Hieroglyphics Imperium. This release features several rock track samples such as Toto's Hold the Line and Led Zeppelin's Whole Lotta Love.
 The Shrill Beeps of Shrimp was an EP released by Gas Huffer in 1994.
 Sergio Debut solo album by Puerto Rican actor and singer Sergio Blass ex Menudo It was released in 1994
 Justice for All! is an LP recorded by British singer Jimmy Justice. It contains all three of his British hits When My Little Girl Is Smiling Spanish Harlem and Ain't That Funny. Cover versions include If You Love Me (Really Love Me) I'm Beginning to See the Light and Misty.
 Salmonella Dub DVD is a 2003 release from Salmonella Dub and features videos compiled from the albums Killervision Inside the Dub Plates and Outside the Dub Plates.
 Rock 'N' Roll Alive is a double disc live album from former White Lion and Freak of Nature lead singer Mike Tramp released in 2003.The album was recorded Live at the Pumphouse in Copenhagen Denmark from his most recent tour in support of his latest album More to Life Than This which was also released in 2003.This is the first live compilation released by Mike Tramp/White Lion and the only album to feature tracks from White Lion Freak of Nature and Mike Tramp solo music.
 Left & Right is an album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Roland Kirk. It was originally released on the Atlantic label in 1968 and features performances by Kirk with Jim Buffington Julius Watkins Frank Wess Ron Burton Vernon Martin and Roy Haynes with Warren Smith Richard Williams Dick Griffith Benny Powell Daniel Jones Pepper Adams Alice Coltrane Jimmy Hopps and Gerald Sonny Brown featuring on an extended track and arrangements by Gil Fuller.
 The Golden Hits of Nora Aunor is the third studio album by Filipino singer-actress Nora Aunor released in 1971 by Alpha Records Corporation in the Philippines in LP format and later released in 1999 in a compilation/ cd format. The album contains 12 tracks among them is  Love Story which was made popular by Andy Williams in 1970..
 The Kicker is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson recorded in 1963 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1999 as a limited edition.
 Mines is the fourth album from the Portland Oregon-based band Menomena. It was released on July 27 2010 by Barsuk Records in North America and City Slang in Europe. The album was self-produced and recorded by the band.
 Chasing Hamburg released on September 8 2009 through Bridge Nine Records is the second full-length studio album and fourth official release from the upstate New York-based post-hardcore/indie rock band Polar Bear Club. It is the follow-up to their teaser EP The Summer of George and received mostly favourable reviews.
 A Decade is Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace's first compilation album released on November 21 2006 in Canada and November 28 2006 in the United States. Included on the album are top tracks Where Are You Clumsy In Repair Somewhere Out There Innocent Thief Naveed Starseed and 4 A.M..
 Ghost Opera is the eighth studio album from metal band Kamelot. It was released in 2007 by SPV GmbH/Steamhammer Records on June 1 in Germany and followed by releases on June 4 in Europe and June 5 in the United States. It is the first studio album by Kamelot to feature keyboardist Oliver Palotai and the last with former bassist Glenn Barry.
 Supply and Demand is the second album by singer-songwriter Amos Lee which was released on October 3 2006. The first single from the album was Shout Out Loud. Two songs are available for listening on Amos' official website. The album was produced by former Wallflowers and Natalie Merchant bassist Barrie Maguire.
 Ratt is the self-titled and sixth album of Ratt. Often referred to as 1999 by fans (partially to avoid confusion with their EP which was also self-titled) this album saw the band's musical direction shift to a more blues-influenced rock sound and further away from their previous glam metal roots. This is the first album to feature bassist Robbie Crane since the departure of Juan Croucier.
 L'Amour Toujours II is the fourth studio album by Italian DJ Gigi D'Agostino released in on 16 December 2004 through Media Italy Records.
 Flash Fearless Vs. the Zorg Women Pts. 5 & 6 is a comic book hero idea put to music with Alice Cooper Elkie Brooks Black Oak Arkansas Jim Dandy The Who's John Entwistle and Keith Moon Justin Hayward Carmine Appice Eddie Jobson Nicky Hopkins Kenney Jones Thunderthighs Bill Bruford and many more are on the album.
 Ài jiǔ jiàn rénxīn Love Reveals in the Long Run (simplified Chinese: 爱久见人心; traditional Chinese: 愛久見人心) is the 12th studio album by Fish Leong. It was released on 10 August 2012 by Universal Music Taiwan.
 Exclamation Mark (traditional Chinese: 驚嘆號; simplified Chinese: 惊叹号; pinyin: jīng tàn hào) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Jay Chou's eleventh Mandarin studio album. It was released on 11 November 2011 by JVR Music and distributed by Sony Music Entertainment Taiwan. It was released with a bonus DVD containing the music videos of 驚嘆號 (Exclamation Mark) and 迷魂曲 (Enchanting Melody).
 Still Alive at the Veglia Lounge is the debut EP from Canadian underground hip hop producer Stigg of the Dump. It was released on Endemik Music in 2002.
 Aadat is a 2004 studio album by the Pakistani band Jal.
 Died for Your Sins is a compilation album by the Avengers. It was released on February 23 1999 on Lookout! Records. The album is composed of four studio recordings from 1978 (two of which were previously released on a 7 single in Sweden in 1995) three studio recordings from 1998 recorded by The Scavengers (a band made up of two original Avengers with two new members) and fourteen live tracks recorded in 1977 and 1978.
 Bergamot (aka: Bergamot: Like a Breath of Fresh Air) is the sixth solo studio album released by Italian-born Canadian tenor Micheal Castaldo. It was released on June 25 2013. The album is a recording of original folk Italian Spanish classics and classic American hit songs all sung in the Calabrian language. The vibe is a hybrid of Flamenco Pop and Mediterranean tempos preserving Michéal’s southern Italian culture.
 Goat Songs is the name of a 7 vinyl EP by The Sundowners released on Sea Note Records in 1993. The EP is a collaboration between Palace Brothers (Will Oldham) and Smog (Bill Callahan). The EP was reissued on 21 May 1994.
 Cocktails is the sixth studio album from Oakland rapper Too Short. It is certified platinum and features performances by 2Pac Ant Banks and The Dangerous Crew. DJ Screw used the beat Cocktales on Lil Keke's famous freestyle Pimp Tha Pen. Cocktails debuted at #6 on the Billboard 200 chart selling 101000 copies in its first week. It was Too Short's second album to reach #1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart while missing the Top 5 by one position on the Billboard 200.
 Para Toda La Vida (For All Life) is the title of a studio album released by Spanish performer Rocío Dúrcal on February 23 1999 by BMG Ariola. This would be the second album written arranged and produced by Argentinian songwriter Roberto Livi for the singer.Its lead single Para Toda La Vida became a hit all over Latin America and in the United States where peaked at number 10 on the Billboard Latin Pop Airplay.
 Dress Rehearsal is the second studio album by Canadian country music singer-songwriter Carolyn Dawn Johnson and was released on May 4 2004 on Arista Nashville. It produced the singles Simple Life and Die of a Broken Heart in the U.S. which respectively reached #13 and #52 on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 Hide Nothing is the third studio album by the Pompano Beach Florida rock band Further Seems Forever released in 2004 by Tooth & Nail Records. It was the band's only studio album with vocalist Jon Bunch formerly of Sense Field who had replaced Jason Gleason when the latter left the band due to interpersonal tensions. A music video was filmed for the song Light Up Ahead.
 Buck Owens is the debut album on Capitol Records by Buck Owens released in 1961. It would mark the beginning of a long association for Owens with producer Ken Nelson.Owens' single High as the Mountain reached Number 27 on the Billboard Country Singles charts. It and Nobody's Fool But Yours is included as a bonus track on the 1995 re-issue by Sundazed Records.
 My Best Friend Daniel is an EP released by Montreal-based indie band The Lovely Feathers on September 6 2004. The EP features different versions of several songs that appeared on the band's album Hind Hind Legs as well as other material. It was rereleased by Equator Records on December 12 2006.
 This Is Me... Justified and Stripped is a live album by Butch Walker released August 24 2004 on Epic Records. The title is a parody of album titles by Jennifer Lopez Justin Timberlake and Christina Aguilera even mimicking the fonts used on these album covers. The CD was only available for a short time period through pre-order of Walker's album Letters from Sony's online store.
 Anthology is the fourth compilation album by singer Stella Parton.
 Keith Jarrett at the Blue Note is a 6-CD box set live album by Keith Jarrett's Standards Trio recorded at the Blue Note Jazz Club in New York City in 1994 and released on the ECM label.
 The Gift released in 1985 is the first solo album by former Ultravox frontman Midge Ure. It was released while Ultravox was taking a break; the band would go on to release U-Vox before splitting. The album reached #2 in the UK Albums Chart thanks in part to the large attention drawn to it by the single If I Was which reached #1 in the UK Singles Chart.
 Home Field Advantage is the debut album by hip hop group The High & Mighty. It is mostly produced by DJ Mighty Mi but also features production from The Alchemist and Reef. It features guest rapping from Pharoahe Monch Defari Evidence Mad Skillz Mos Def Eminem Cage Bobbito García Kool Keith What?What? Thirstin Howl III and Wordsworth.
 Silver 'n Wood is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Blue Note label in 1975 featuring performances by Silver with Tom Harrell Bob Berg Ron Carter and Al Foster with an overdubbed horn section conducted by Wade Marcus featuring Buddy Collette Fred Jackson Jr. Jerome Richardson Lanny Morgan Jack Nimitz Bill Green Garnett Brown and Frank Rosolino.
 Smokin' is an album by American trombonist Curtis Fuller recorded in 1972 and released on the Mainstream label.
 The Roads Don't Love You is the second album by Irish singer-songwriter Gemma Hayes released in 2005. In 2006 Gemma received a nomination for Best Irish Female at the 2006 Ireland Music Awards where she also performed live and picked up the award.The title is taken from a line in the Magnetic Fields song Long Vermont Roads. During the release of The Road Don't Love You in America a short EP titled 'Sampler' was released to promote the album.
 Form Activity Motion is a remix EP by Boston electronic band Freezepop. They released the EP online November 11 2008; a physical CD was released January 27 2009. The EP is mostly remixes of their old songs (as many of their EP's are) but includes one new track Moons of Jupiter.
 Wait & Hope is the fourth studio album by Fairmont released on Go For Broke Records in 2007.
 La Violence et l'Ennui (English: Violence and Boredom) is an album by Léo Ferré released in 1980 by RCA Records.
 Between Darkness and Wonder is the title of Lamb's fourth album released in 2003.
 A Tab in the Ocean is the second album from German-based English progressive rock band Nektar.
 Roadmaster is a country rock album by Gene Clark from 1973. The album was compiled from various unreleased recordings for A&M Records made in 1970 through 1972 eight tracks yielded from an April 1972 recording session featuring Clarence White Spooner Oldham Sneaky Pete Kleinow Byron Berline and Michael Clarke.
 Totally Committed is an album by American comedian Jeff Foxworthy. It was released by Warner Bros. Records on May 19 1998. The album peaked at number 50 on the Billboard 200 chart and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
 Encore is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Sam Cooke.
 Alive & Well: Recorded in Paris is a 1978 release by the band Soft Machine. Mostly recorded live by The Manor Mobile recording engineer Alan Perkins during at 4-night residency at Paris' Théâtre Le Palace in July 1977 much of the album was later modified in the studio with the track Soft Space being a completely studio recorded track released as a single (Soft Space parts 1 and 2).
 Panorama is the second album by Braintax released in 2006.
 The Smoke of Hell is the first studio album by the American rock and roll band The Supersuckers. It was released on September 1 1992 on Sub Pop records. The cover art was by the comic book artist Daniel Clowes.
 Live In Hollywood is the second live album by Mexican pop band RBD released on April 4 in the U.S. and Mexico. Live in Hollywood was recorded on RBD's first Los Angeles concert on January 21 2006 in Los Angeles's Pantages Theatre. The first single of this album was No pares sung by Dulce Maria; the song is already a success in Mexican radio stations.
 Release the Pressure is the debut album by rap group Criminal Nation. It was released in 1990 for Nastymix Records and was produced by the groups producers Eugenious and Womack. The album peaked at #73 on the Billboard charts' Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and also featured the hit single Insane which made it to #17 on the Hot Rap Singles. The video for another single Black Power Nation gained some airplay.
 Live in Manila is a two-disc video disc set by American rock band Journey released October 2 2009 exclusively through Walmart in North America. Filmed with RED technology in 4K resolution the disc captures the band's concert in Pasay City Philippines.
 Duo is the an album by fiddle and mandolin player Peter Ostroushko with guitarist Dean Magraw released in 1991.
 Power of the Dragonflame is the fifth studio album released by Rhapsody. It was released on April 23 2002 by Limb Music. It is the last chapter in the Emerald Sword Saga.
 Verona Rag is the twenty-fifth album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in 1986 and released on the Italian Soul Note label in 1987. The solo album features three of Hill's original compositions and two jazz standards.
 Mixed Beats is the second remix album by Ira Losco the first one being Blends & Remixes of Someone Else.
 Remember Who I Am is Girlyman's first album independently released in fall of 2003 nationally rereleased September 7 2004 on Daemon Records.Viola previously appeared on Nate Borofsky's solo album Never Enough Time.
 Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Rodgers and Hart Songbook is a 1956 studio album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald with a studio orchestra conducted and arranged by Buddy Bregman focusing on the songs written by Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart. This album was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1999 which is a special Grammy award established in 1973 to honor recordings that are at least twenty-five years old and that have qualitative or historical significance.
 Dress for Excess is the second album by British band Sigue Sigue Sputnik released in 1988 (see 1988 in music).
 Liver Music is a collection of songs by the Residents put together by their now-defunct fan club UWEB. The tracks are from an assortment of live songs from 1972-1990.
 A Ticket for Everyone is a live album by English pop punk band Busted. It contains twelve tracks recorded during the Manchester leg of their A Present for Everyone tour plus the studio version of Thunderbirds Are Go! which had not previously been included on an album in the United Kingdom. The album contains live versions of the group's singles as well as a cover of the 1978 Undertones song Teenage Kicks and album track That Thing You Do.
 Sword's Song is the second studio album released by the Finnish heavy metal band Battlelore released in 2003. As with all of the band's other albums the lyrics are based on J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle-earth sagas.
 Daddy's Highway is the 1987 debut album by New Zealand indie rock group The Bats.
 Memory Lane: The Best of McFly is the second greatest hits compilation released by English pop rock band McFly. It was released on 26 November 2012 as a retrospective of the band's nine-year career to date containing a number of the band's hit singles but most notably not including I Wanna Hold You Ultraviolet/The Ballad of Paul K Please Please Sorry's Not Good Enough Baby's Coming Back Stay with Me or That's the Truth.
 Ride On is the third studio album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin. It also features Duff McKagan who is also an ex-member of GNR.
 The Glitterati is the debut album by The Glitterati.
 Transparence is the first studio album by French Gothic metal band Markize. Released in France on March 2007. This album contains songs in English French and Russian.
 Spihumonesty is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams which was released on the Italian Black Saint label in 1979 and features performances by Abrams George Lewis Roscoe Mitchell Amina Claudine Myers Youseff Yancy and Leonard Jones with vocals by Jay Clayton.
 Join Together is a box set of live material released from The Who's 1989 25th Anniversary Tour. Several of the tracks were recorded at Radio City Music Hall New York and at Universal Amphitheater Los Angeles with the rest from various other concerts during the tour.It was released in 1990 by Virgin Records in the UK and MCA Records in the US. The album was released in the US as a vinyl three LP set in March 1990 where it reached #180 in the US charts.
 Make a Wish is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Vic Chou's of boy band F4 debut Mandarin solo studio album. It was released on 11 January 2002 by Sony Music Taiwan. Chou was the first of the F4 members to release a solo album.
 Heartbreak is the eighth album by American R&B group Shalamar released in 1984 on the SOLAR label. It features a new line-up of Delisa Davis Micki Free and Howard Hewett (Davis and Free having replaced Jeffrey Daniel and Jody Watley who had both left the group after the release of the previous album The Look).Heartbreak peaked at #32 on the R&B chart and #90 on the Billboard chart.
 Home Movies is the only video by Pennywise. It was released in 1995 and re-released in 2004 for DVD. Before re-releasing it it was unavailable in any form since 1997.The video includes 9 different chapters: Fans Treatments Pennywise: On The Road Violence Treatment #79: The Awakening Of Matt Brown (Roadie) Holland 1993 Pennywise: At Work New Roadie Orientation: Japan Bro Hymn
 Guitar is a 1988 album by Frank Zappa. It is the follow-up to 1981's Shut Up 'n Play Yer Guitar; like that album it features Zappa's guitar solos excerpted from live performances recorded between 1979 and 1984. It garnered Zappa his 6th Grammy nomination for Best Rock Instrumental Performance.
 Be with Us (A Year With...) is a 2003 DVD by English girl group Atomic Kitten. The DVD mainly consists of behind the scenes footage of a year in the life of the band.
 Lakas Tama is the debut studio album by comedian Vice Ganda released by Vicor Records June 15 2011. It has 8 tracks 5 original songs and 3 revivals.
 It's Not Funny is David Cross' 2004 stand-up comedy album released on Sub Pop Records. The track titles like those on his previous record Shut Up You Fucking Baby! have no relevance to the bits Cross does on the album and are instead there to make fun of material performed by other comedians either on the whole or targeted at specific comedians.
 Four Chords & Several Years Ago is the seventh album by American rock/New Wave band Huey Lewis and the News released in 1994. The title is a play on the first sentence in Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address (Four score and seven years ago ...).It is a collection of 1960s rhythm & blues covers influential to the members of the group during their early years. It is the last album to feature founding member and bassist Mario Cipollina who left the band after the subsequent tour.
 Eugene McGuinness is the eponymous debut studio album by British singer-songwriter Eugene McGuinness. It was released on 12 October 2008 in the United Kingdom and on 23 June 2009 in North America through Domino Records.
 Delta Dreamland is a 1993 album by Deborah Allen and released by Warner Bros. Records. It marked the comeback of Allen as a singer.
 Radio Songs is an album of duo Robin and Linda Williams on the Red House Records label released in 2007.Radio Songs consists of recordings made when performing on Garrison Keillor's NPR radio program A Prairie Home Companion. Although Robin and Linda first appeared on the show regularly in 1976 the selections on this compilation only reach as far back as 1993. Many of the tunes were not otherwise recorded by the duo and are only available on this collection.
 After Hours is a jazz album by the André Previn trio released in 1989.
 Sammy Davis Jr. Sings and Laurindo Almeida Plays is a 1966 studio album by Sammy Davis Jr. accompanied by guitarist Laurindo Almeida.
 456 is the solo debut by hip hop artist Kool G Rap released in September 12 1995 on Cold Chillin' Records. The release followed his break-up with DJ Polo in 1993. The album was mostly received neutrally among critics but was warmly accepted by underground fans. Despite the album's dark grimy street sound it peaked at number one on the R&B/Hip-Hop chart and the single Fast Life charted on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Future This is the second studio album by English electronic rock duo The Big Pink released on 11 January 2012 by 4AD. The album was preceded by the release of lead single Stay Gold on 14 November 2011.
 Dead Can Dance is the debut studio album by Australian musical act Dead Can Dance. It was released on 27 February 1984 by record label 4AD. This album differs greatly from later Dead Can Dance releases in its incorporation of post-punk and gothic rock music.
 One More Megabyte is a studio album by the English punk rock band Toy Dolls recorded in 1997. It is a loose concept album in the fact that most of the album's lyrics are relate to computers such as the title track and Mega Outro.
 Hi-Score - The Best Of Che Fu is the first hits collection released by New Zealand hip-hop/R&B male vocalist Che Fu. It features tracks taken from his 3 studio albums plus 4 new recordings.
 Ahora is the first live album by the punk rock band Chilean Fiskales Ad-Hok. It was recorded live at a concert at the local La Batuta in April 2000 and released a few months later under CFA an independent record label created by the same Fiskales Ad-Hok. This album is where the new drummer Memo makes its debut in the band.
 Relief Through Release is the second full length album released by American band Tura Satana.
 Not Far from Home is a solo album by Joel Pack who played bass for Strange Itch.
 The Richest Man in Babylon is Thievery Corporation's third album released in 2002 on their Eighteenth Street Lounge label. Like Thievery Corporation's previous albums The Richest Man in Babylon is electronic music with a downtempo aesthetic. The group mixes many different styles in an audacious fashion. Diverse influences such as dub jazz dance music rap reggae and especially Indian music are boldly yet smoothly combined.
 The Drawn and Quartered EP is an EP by alternative rock band Fair to Midland and their first release on Serjical Strike Records. It contains two songs from the album inter.funda.stifle. It also features live versions of two songs that were recorded at the Granada Theater in Dallas Texas on May 12 2006. Lastly the EP featured a small documentary about the band entitled The Drawn & Quartered Kinescope.
 Curtain Call: The Hits is the first greatest hits compilation album released by American rapper Eminem by Shady Records. It was released on December 6 2005 under Dr. Dre's Aftermath Entertainment.
 Homosapien is the 1981 second solo album by Buzzcocks frontman Pete Shelley (following the pre-Buzzcocks experimental instrumental album Sky Yen recorded in 1974 and eventually released in 1980). Homosapien saw a marked departure from the punk guitar stylings of the Buzzcocks' records being heavily influenced by programmed synthesizer sounds and drum machines.
 Tiny Tina and Little John is a 1977 album by Australian superstar Tina Arena together with John Bowles. It was issued on Compact Disc by Sony Music on 29 June 1998.
 Ain't No Fairy Tale is the 2010 debut studio album by Anglo American acoustic roots duo Boyd and Wain.
 With the Tenors of Our Time is an album by Roy Hargrove.
 Music of the Spheres is an album by English musician Mike Oldfield released in the United Kingdom on 17 March 2008. The album Oldfield's second album with Mercury Records and his first classical work is based on the concept of a celestial Musica universalis. The album features New Zealand soprano Hayley Westenra (on On My Heart) and Chinese pianist Lang Lang on six tracks.Music of the Spheres was nominated for a Classical Brit Award in 2009.
 Cool Burnin' with the Chet Baker Quintet is an album by trumpeter Chet Baker which was recorded in 1965 and released on the Prestige label.
 London Symphony Orchestra Vol. 1 is a 1983 album by Frank Zappa. It features the London Symphony Orchestra's renditions of four of Zappa's compositions — Sad Jane Pedro's Dowry Envelopes and Mo 'n Herb's Vacation — from sessions recorded in January 1983. The album was Zappa's third to employ an orchestra following 1967's Lumpy Gravy and 1979's Orchestral Favorites. In 1995 the album was combined with its successor London Symphony Orchestra Vol.
 O Gosto da Criação is the seventeenth album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho. It was released in 2002.
 Wrecking Ball is the eighteenth studio album by American country artist Emmylou Harris released on September 26 1995 through Elektra Records. Moving away from the traditional acoustic sound for which she had become known Harris collaborated with rock producer Daniel Lanois (best known for his production work with U2) and engineer Mark Howard.
 Wicked in Rock is an extended play (EP) by actress and singer Kerry Ellis. It was arranged produced and accompanied on guitar by Brian May and features Taylor Hawkins on drums. A 60+ piece orchestra conducted by Steve Sidwell was also used. The album had a physical release on 7 July 2008 as a CD and as a 12 vinyl. The EP was also released for digital download. The three tracks on this EP are included on her debut studio album Anthems (2010).
 First Time in a Long Time is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist Deric Ruttan. The album was released on April 1 2008 on On Ramp Records.
 The Early Years 1977–1978 is a withdrawn demo collection album by Simple Minds released in 1998. It was withdrawn apparently because nobody could figure out who had originally financed the demos so in turn no one knew who to pay the royalties to.
 Modes of Transportation Vol. 1 is the debut album by Spookey Ruben released in 1995 (see 1995 in music).
 Disco Extravaganza is the first studio album by the Swedish pop group Army of Lovers released in 1990. In the USA the album was simply titled Army of Lovers. The tracklist is slightly different and some songs were remixed for the US version. Supernatural and Ride the Bullet were re-recorded for inclusion on Massive Luxury Overdose the band's second and most successful album (My Army Of Lovers was also included but not re-recorded).
 Shakespeare's Macbeth – A Tragedy in Steel is a 2003 concept album by Rebellion based on the story of William Shakespeare's play Macbeth. The album has many spoken passages.
 Virtuoso is a 2007 album by violinist David Garrett released in Europe. Its tracks listed below are mostly borrowed from his earlier album Free:
 The First Vision is Mariah Carey's first video release. It is a collection of music videos live performances and behind-the-scenes footage detailing the creation of Carey's debut album Mariah Carey.
 Violent Femmes are an American alternative rock band from Milwaukee Wisconsin initially active from 1980 to 1987 and again from 1988 to 2009. As of 2013 they are active again.
 Eastern Man Alone is the second album by American jazz saxophonist Charles Tyler which was recorded in 1967 and released on ESP-Disk.
 LVL IV pronounced Level Four is the debut album and only album to date by American post-grunge band Future Leaders of the World. It features the song Let Me Out which received extensive airplay and launched Future Leaders of the World into the mainstream. The songs Kill Pop and Make You Believe was also featured on the game ATV Offroad Fury 3
 From the Cliffs is an EP by multinational indie rock band Guillemots released on 14 March 2006. It compiles their previous releases the I Saw Such Things in My Sleep EP and the first Trains to Brazil single to form a mini-album in itself (along with the new opening track Sake and for the Japanese release two additional tracks: Moonlight and Pa Moila).
 The Connection is the Debut Album by American Rapper DeLon. It was officially released on September 27 2005. The first single from 'The Connection' was 'Calor De La Salsa'. Calor De La Salsa peaked on the Billboard charts at No.15 <- Calor De La Salsa on Billboard and established DeLon as the First Sri Lankan to ever chart on the US Billboard Charts.
 The Naked Soul of Sweet Jones is the posthumous third studio album by American rapper Pimp C. The album was released on October 5 2010 and thought to be his final album. It sold 18000 units in its first week.
 The Fountain is the eleventh studio album by British band Echo & the Bunnymen. It was released on 12 October 2009 and produced by John McLaughlin Ian McCulloch and Simon Perry. The first single from the album Think I Need It Too was released on 28 September 2009.
 Let the Hustlers Play is the third album by Steady B.
 Tales and Songs from Weddings and Funerals is a solo album by Goran Bregović a famous Balkan composer widely popular for making music for films.
 Borrowed Time is a recording by Diamond Head. This is Diamond Head's fourth recording their second on the MCA label. The album was recorded in 1981 and released in 1982 reaching Number 24 on the UK album chart.In a recent interview guitarist Brian Tatler announced that this was his favourite period with Diamond Head and that the band seemed to be getting somewhere after six years of building.
 The Cool Voice of Rita Reys is the debut album by Dutch jazz singer Rita Reys which features sessions recorded with bands led by drummers Wessel Ilcken and Art Blakey divided over each side of the original LP which was released on the Dutch Philips and US Columbia labels.
 Acnalbasac Noom (also known as Slapp Happy or Slapphappy) is an album by German/British avant-pop group Slapp Happy recorded in Wümme Germany in 1973 with Faust as their backing band. It had a working title of Casablanca Moon but was never released at the time because it had been rejected by their record label Polydor. Slapp Happy later re-recorded the album in 1974 for Virgin Records who released it in 1974 as Slapp Happy.
 Running on Air is the fourth studio album by the Australian hip hop trio Bliss n Eso. It was released on 30 July 2010. The album debuted at number one in Australia for the week commencing 9 August 2010. It has since been certified Platinum by ARIA. It has been nominated by Australian radio station Triple J for Album of the Year along with Megan Washington's I Believe You Liar and Birds of Tokyo's Birds of Tokyo.
 New Gold Dream is the fifth studio album by Scottish rock band Simple Minds. The album was released in 1982 and was a turning point for the band as they gained critical and commercial success in the UK and Europe. It made No. 3 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Tú Iluminas mi Vida is the first album by Mexican pop singer Yuri. It was released in 1977. It was almost unheard but her first single gained some airplay Tú iluminas mi vida since this is a cover of the song You Light Up My Life by Debby Boone[1]. This album is considered a rarity as it is discontinued. It received promotion in the movies Milagro en el circo and En familia con Chabelo.
 Sar Scântei is the second studio album of Romanian rock band Bosquito. It was released in the year 2002. The first single Pepita was released in 2001.
 Heaven is the third album released by brother and sister duo BeBe & CeCe Winans and their second released on Capitol Records. It was number one on the Billboard Top Gospel Albums chart.Smooth jazz musician Lonnie Liston Smith covered the song from his 1990 album Love GoddessDestiny's Child singer Michelle Williams featuring fellow singer Carl Thomas also covered the song in the closing track from her 2002 solo debut Heart to Yours.
 Zé Ramalho canta Luiz Gonzaga is the third tribute album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho. This time he pays a tribute to his influence Luiz Gonzaga one of the most well-known artist of the forró music.
 Rave In2 the Joy Fantastic is a remix album by the singer & musician O(+> (also known as Prince which is also listed as the album's producer). It was originally released via mail exclusively through the NPG Music Club an Internet subscription service on April 29 2001.
 Protest Songs is the fourth album by English pop band Prefab Sprout (though the third recorded). It was recorded in 1985 but was not released until 1989; it's not clear whether at the time of recording the band had intended it as the main follow-up to their breakthrough album Steve McQueen released earlier in 1985.
 Lucifer is an album by Danish neofolk act :Of the Wand & the Moon:. It was released on November 4 2003 through Euphonious Records.
 With My Song is a 1980 album by Debby Boone and her second studio album of that year. It was also her first to feature Christian music.
 Unfinished Monkey Business is the debut solo album by Ian Brown released in February 1998 via Polydor Records. The album was self-financed and produced by Brown and was his first album release since the break-up of The Stone Roses in October 1996. Ex-Roses members Mani Nigel Ipinson Aziz Ibrahim and Robbie Maddix helped pen and perform the instruments on many of the album's tracks.
 When a Woman Loves is the fourteenth solo album released by singer Patti LaBelle her sixth ever on the MCA Records label. The album was released on October 24 2000.
 Rated R is the fourth studio album by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna released in November 2009 by Def Jam Recordings. Recording sessions for the album began in April 2009 and took place at several recording studios throughout United States and Europe. Rihanna together with Antonio L.A. Reid and The Carter Administration was the executive producer of the album and worked with many record producers including Chase & Status StarGate The-Dream Ne-Yo and Brian Kennedy.
 Nocturne is an album by American jazz musician Charlie Haden released through Universal/Polygram in 2001. In 2002 the album won Haden the Grammy Award for Best Latin Jazz Album.
 Necesito de Ti (I need you) is a studio album released by Mexican singer Vicente Fernández on July 7 2009 by Sony BMG. The album earned the Grammy Award for Best Regional Mexican Album.
 White Trash with Money is the tenth studio album by country music superstar Toby Keith which was released on April 11 2006. It is Keith's first album on his own Show Dog Nashville label which was distributed by Universal Music Group Nashville the owner of Keith's catalog up to that point. The album shipped platinum meaning one million or more units were distributed to outlets ahead of its release.It features 12 tracks including 3 Bus songs.
 Soul Trader is the second album by English drum and bass producer ils. It was originally released in the U.K. on January 7 2002 followed by a U.S. release on August 5 2003.
 The Airing of Grievances is the first studio album by American punk rock band Titus Andronicus released on the Troubleman Unlimited record label on April 14 2008. The album combines elements of punk rock shoegaze and lo-fi music. It was reissued on January 20 2009 on XL Recordings.The album title is a reference to the Festivus a holiday made famous by Seinfeld.
 A Very Slambovian Christmas is a set of live tracks of Gandalf Murphy and the Slambovian Circus of Dreams. These were recorded at holiday shows in December of 2007 and 2006. This is a Bootleg Series album which means that it is generally only sold at live shows and only during the Holiday season.
 Beastie Boys Anthology: The Sounds of Science is the first Beastie Boys anthology composed of greatest hits B-sides and previously unreleased tracks. The retail release comes with a tri-fold sleeve that displays the majority of the band's album covers as well as a booklet of liner notes.
 Eusa Kills is the second album by The Dead C released in 1989 through Siltbreeze.
 Who You Are is the third live praise and worship album from the Desperation Band at New Life Church. It includes a bonus DVD with video of the live performance music videos a behind the scenes documentary and other extras. It was released June 6 2006.
 Get Saved is the second full-length album of Pilot to Gunner.
 We Are Very Happy You Came is a live mini-album released by Japanese punk-pop band Shonen Knife. Suzy Is A Headbanger is a cover of the song by the Ramones. Goose Step Mama is a cover of a song by The Rutles.
 Intersections is the tenth album from progressive/thrash metal band Mekong Delta released in April 2012. It is a compilation of re-recording collection of songs from previous albums with current line-up.
 Shine: The Best of the Early Years is a compilation album by David Gray released on 26 March 2007 in the UK and a day later in the US. The compilation contains tracks from Gray's first three albums and was released ahead of his Greatest Hits album released in November 2007.
 Não Podemo Se Entregá Pros Home is the only studio album by Leopoldo Rassier.
 High Lines is an album by American composer and violinist Michael Galasso recorded between 2002 and 2004 and released on the ECM label.
 Praise the Beast is the fourth studio album by Polish death metal band Azarath. It was released on May 25 2009 by Agonia Records. It was also released on American label Deathgasm Records.The drums for the album were recorded at RG Studio in Gdańsk Poland during September 2008. The guitars and bass were recorded at Progresja Studio in Warsaw during October 2008.
 Ugly Beautiful is the debut studio album by rock band Babybird released in 1996. The album also includes alternative versions of many of lead singer Stephen Jones' solo lo-fi work that he did prior to forming the band. Many of these original tracks can be heard on the five albums contained in The Original Lo-Fi boxset. The single You're Gorgeous reached number 3 in the UK in October 1996.
 Suns of the Tundra is the eponymous debut by London band Suns of the Tundra (previously Peach) released in 2004. It was released as a limited edition digipak with only 1000 copies printed and each copy is individually numbered. There are many references to Rock Paper Scissors throughout the album.
 Restless is the debut studio album by Australian band Amy Meredith. The album contains the lead single Pornstar as well as other released singles Lying Young at Heart and Faded White Dress. It was released on 2 July 2010. The album debuted on the ARIA Albums Chart at number eight and has since then spent seven weeks in the ARIA top 50.
 Wenn Der Südwind Weht is the seventh solo album by German keyboardist Hans-Joachim Roedelius best known for his work with Cluster Harmonia and Aquarello. All the pieces on the album were composed by Roedelius. It was released by Sky Records in 1981 and has been reissued on CD by Sky Records in Germany by the Gyroscope label in the United States in 1996.
 Best-Est is the first live album by Masami Okui released on June 4 1999.
 MTV Unplugged is the DVD release from Hitomi Yaida of her performance for MTV Unplugged.Recorded in the Tokyo FM Hall in April 2005 this performance was shown on an episode of MTV Unplugged broadcast on MTV Japan.Yaida became the 3rd Japanese performing artist to appear on MTV Unplugged the others being Ken Hirai and Utada Hikaru.Presented as a 2 DVD package the 2nd DVD presented a documentary behind-the-scenes of the creation of this recording.A selection of the songs performed also appeared in audio form on the CD Sound Drop MTV Unplugged+Acoustic Live 2005.
 Gentle Giant was the first album of British progressive rock band Gentle Giant released in 1970.
 American Juniors was the second and final album from the American Juniors group that emerged from the short-lived American reality television series American Juniors.It was recorded by the five winners of the show: Danielle White Tori Thompson Chauncey Matthews Taylor Thompson and Lucy Hale. The earlier Kids in America had been made by all ten finalists on the show.The album was released by Jive Records on October 26 2004 after a year's delay from its originally-announced schedule.
 Until We Have Wings is an album by Randy Stonehill released in 1990 on Myrrh Records.
 Cowboy Christmas: Cowboy Songs II is the seventeenth album by American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey his second album of cowboy songs and his first album of Christmas music.
 Get Off on the Pain is the eighth studio album by American country music artist Gary Allan. It was released on March 9 2010. The album's first single Today was released in June 2009 and was a Top 20 hit. The album's second single the title track was released on March 15 2010 and debuted at number 42 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. The album's third single Kiss Me When I'm Down released to radio in 2010.
 The You're Only Young Once... EP was the only release from the hardcore punk band Side by Side. It was released as Revelation Records number 5 in 1988. Nine years later it was rereleased as a 22-song LP. The Revelation 5b LP release was meant to combat a popular bootleg with much of the same material.The total pressing of the EP was just over six thousand black vinyl copies in three equal pressings with 17 extra in the first pressing.
 Black to the Blind is the third album by the Polish death metal band Vader. It was released on October 13 1997 in Europe and Poland by System Shock/Impact Records and Koch International Poland respectively. Japanese edition with one bonus track was released by Avalon/Marquee.
 A Diamond in the Mind: Live 2011 is a concert film and live album by British pop band Duran Duran. It was filmed at the Evening News Arena in Manchester England Great Britain on 16 December 2011 during the All You Need Is Now Tour and released on 2 July 2012 on Blu-ray DVD and CD.
 Drukqs (stylised as drukQs) is a 2001 double album by electronic musician Richard D. James released under his most frequently used pseudonym Aphex Twin. It is his fifth and most recent studio album under this alias.
 Sex Drugs & Rock 'n' Roll is the third album by American heavy metal band the Mentors.Tracks 1 to 9 were recorded in Seattle in the late '70s.
 Persona Non Grata is the third studio release by Dutch crossover band Urban Dance Squad. With the departure of DJ DNA the band decided to maintain a more aggressive approach than on their previous two albums resulting in their most hard rock and heavy metal influenced album. The stylistic change resulted in some moderate success in Europe. The album was released in April 1994. The song Demagogue became a European club hit.
 Gregor Samsa was the debut EP released in 2002 by Virginian Post Rock band Gregor Samsa.
 Heads Up is an EP by American electronic music artist Bassnectar released November 4 2008 on Amorphous Music. The title track Heads Up was originally a song to be seen on an upcoming full length titled The Other Side but never came to fruition as Cozza Frenzy was released shortly after. Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds Remix was an exclusive CD only track.
 Nói Albínói is an album by Slowblow released in 2004. The album contains the soundtrack to the movie Nói Albínói. Most of the mixing took place in Sigur Rós' studio. Morgun and Komdu Litla Barnið were written and performed by Sigríður Níelsdóttir. Elegy is part of a string quartet by Dmitri Shostakovich performed by The Rubio Quartet.
 Love and War is the second studio album by American recording artist Tamar Braxton. The album was released on September 3 2013 by Epic Records and Streamline Records. It is the first album by Braxton in 13 years.
 Rising is the fourth studio album by Australian punk rock band The Go Set.
 Invisible Nature is a live album by English saxophonist John Surman and American drummer Jack DeJohnette recorded in Tampere and Berlin in 1999 and released on the ECM label.
 Fair Ain't Fair is Tim Fite's second studio album released on ANTI- Records. As with Gone Ain't Gone Fite created this album with a mixture of real instrumentation and sampling resulting in a sound composed of rock folk and hip hop elements.Franz Nicolay of The Hold Steady listed the album among his favourite albums of 2008.
 The Band is the eponymous second studio album by The Band released on September 22 1969. It is also known as The Brown Album. According to Rob Bowman's liner notes for the 2000 reissue The Band has been viewed as a concept album with the songs focusing on people places and traditions associated with an older version of Americana.
 Umui Kaji (想い風 Ryukyuan: Thought Wind) is Rimi Natsukawa's fifth original album released on March 9 2007 (2007-03-09). According to Natsukawa title was chosen for the album as it gave an image of so many thoughts put into song. Of course it's not a strong wind but a fresh wind I want to reach the listeners.
 Grit is the last studio album by Scottish celtic fusion artist Martyn Bennett. It was released 13 October 2003 on the Real World label.The album was a marked departure from his previous albums in that Martyn's was reliant on using samples as he was too weak to play his instruments.
 Thorns vs. Emperor is a split album by the Norwegian black metal bands Thorns and Emperor. The album features a mixture of covers and originals as well as re-recorded versions of older tracks.It features the first recorded material from Thorns since the 1992 Trøndertun demo. Satyr of Satyricon provides vocals on all Thorns tracks.Early pressings of Thorns vs. Emperor came with a bonus disc featuring both the Grymyrk and Trøndertun demos in full.
 Morning is the fifth studio album and the first English language album from the Hong Kong English pop/Cantopop singer Janice Vidal released on July 3 2009 under record label Amusic.
 Friday Night at the Village Vanguard is a 1977 jazz album by saxophonist Art Pepper playing with George Cables George Mraz and Elvin Jones.Art Pepper played at the Village Vanguard jazz club in New York twice during 1977. The second occasion was recorded and was released as three albums: Thursday Night at the Village Vanguard Friday Night at the Village Vanguard and Saturday Night at the Village Vanguard.
 The World Is Yours is the third studio album by The Union the English rock band formed by ex-Thunder guitarist Luke Morley and Peter Shoulder (formerly of Winterville). It was released on 11 February 2013. The album was funded by a PledgeMusic campaign which had already passed the 200 percent mark by November 2012.The band embarked on a ten-date tour of the UK in February 2013 in support of The World Is Yours.
 Cliff Richard's second album Cliff Sings was released in November 1959 and reached No. 2 in his native the UK album chart despite not including Living Doll Richard's first #1 single.
 Album from vocal group Bright. The album contains all A-side single songs they released under the Rhythm Zone label so far. The DVD contains clips of their one-man Live show and a documentary of their Kyoto street live performances. The album was ranked at #47 and sold 2805 copies in its first week.
 Shibaura is Jun Shibata's 2nd compilation album. It was released on March 14 2007 and peaked at #36.
 The Best of Max Webster is an album by the Canadian rock band Max Webster. The album was released in 1989 eight years after Max Webster disbanded. One song from lead singer and guitarist Kim Mitchell's first solo album Kids in Action is included on this album.
 Global Experience is the 2012 debut album by adult contemporary band World5.
 If Only for a Moment is the second L.P. by the Blossom Toes released in 1969.Line-up features a guest appearance on sitar from US folk musician Shawn Phillips.
 Dynasty is the seventh studio album by American rock band Kiss produced by Vini Poncia and released on Casablanca Records on May 23 1979. It marked the first time that the original four members of Kiss did not all appear together for the entire album. In later interviews the band admitted that they started to listen to outsiders about what direction the music should go around the time of Dynasty.
 Innocence is 10th album of American neo-psychedelic rock band Pontiak released on January 28 2014. It had relatively positive reception from critics by scoring 73 on Metascore. Ryan J. Prado from Paste Magazine says “Pontiak” and “ballad” were probably never supposed to be in the same sentence together but the band’s insistence on its soft side for even a few songs is an exciting prospect that makes Innocence a diamond in the rough. The album was released in both CD and vinyl versions.
 Subconscious is the second studio-album from American singer Samantha James under the label Om Records. The album was released on June 22 2010 featuring the first single Waves of Change produced by Kaskade. Samantha confirmed on her Facebook profile that a music video for the track Subconscious will be shot in Los Angeles soon.
 Moby is the debut studio album by American electronica musician Moby released in 1992 on Instinct Records.This album was subsequently re-released in 1993 as The Story So Far with a different track lineup and slightly different cover art which incorporates the different title. The song Go samples Laura Palmer's Theme from Twin Peaks as well as the titular vocal from the song Go! by Tones on Tail.
 Solo Live is a solo piano album by Michel Petrucciani recorded in 1997 at a concert in Frankfurt Germany and released on the Dreyfus label in 1998. A double-CD version of the concert was released in 2007 under the title Piano Solo: The Complete Concert in Germany and featured 20 tracks instead of the original release's 11.
 Plain and Simple is an album by The Dubliners the last to be produced by Phil Coulter. Released on the Polydor label in 1973 it featured a number of tracks penned by Coulter himself including The Town I Loved So Well written about The Troubles in his hometown of Derry and The Ballad of Ronnie's Mare a satirical song inspired by Ronnie Drew's equestrian interests. It was the last studio album to feature all five original members of the group.
 Lost and Found is the debut mini album by South Korean singer IU. It was released by LOEN Entertainment on September 24 2008. IU collaborated with lyricist and producer Choi Gap-Won who released countless hits from emotional ballads to dance songs such as Amnesia by Guh-mi Incurable Disease by Hwee-Sung Toc Toc Toc by Lee Hyo-Ri and Let's not cross paths again by Chang Hye-Jin Lee Jong-Hoon of Soul-Shop and the singer Mario to work on the title song Lost Child.
 The Switcheroo Series: Alexisonfire vs. Moneen is an EP released by the post-hardcore band Alexisonfire and indie rock band Moneen. It has been the first and so far only release in the Switcheroo series from Dine Alone Records. In the United States Moneen's label Vagrant Records released the split EP on November 22 2005 but titled the release Alexisonfire/Moneen Split this was because The Switcheroo Series is an EP series by Dine Alone Records not Vagrant Records.
 & Then Boom is the debut studio album by American new wave band Iglu & Hartly. It was released on September 29 2008.
 Guilty Pleasures is the tenth studio album by Quiet Riot released in 2001. It is the last to feature guitarist Carlos Cavazo and bassist Rudy Sarzo. It was produced jointly by John Rollo and Quiet Riot.
 Desahogo is the second studio album released by Mexican singer Pilar Montenegro. It was released on September 25 2001. The album yielded two singles Quítame Ese Hombre a cover from an old single by Yolandita Monge that became wildly successful in the Latin Market with Pilar's version; and Alguien Que Una Vez Amé.
 Ah! is the second EP by Every Avenue. It was released on August 14 2007 with Fearless Records their first album on a label. Where Were You? and Think of You Later (Empty Room) were re- added to their next album Shh. Just Go with It.
 Christmas is the title of the first Christmas album by Kenny Rogers released in 1981.
 Live in Tokyo 1996 Vol. 2 is a 1999 live album by German band La! Neu? recorded during their 1996 Japanese tour at a concert in Tokyo. Despite its title the album actually consists of the first half of the concert the second half having been released in 1998 as Cha Cha 2000 - Live in Tokyo 1996 Vol. 1. The album consists of a mixture of live improvisation and set songs including some sampled material from English musician Mick Lount.
 Peregrine is the sixth studio album by indie rock band The Appleseed Cast released on March 21 2006 on The Militia Group.The recording sessions for Peregrine were held in Cannon Falls Minnesota at Pachyderm Recording Studios. The sessions were produced by John Congleton as opposed to their regular producer Ed Rose.
 Glory in the Highest: Christmas Songs of Worship is the first Christmas album by Chris Tomlin. It was released on October 6 2009. It peaked at No. 1 on Billboard's Holiday albums chart and No. 79 on the Billboard 200 chart. In 2010 it re-entered the Billboard 200 and peaked at No. 19. It was recorded live and features a duet with Matt Redman as well as two tracks featuring Christy Nockels and Audrey Assad.
 Defiance is the second album by the female-fronted industrial metal act Lahannya.
 Never Frae My Mind is a 2006 album by Ed Miller.
 Breathe In is the second studio album (though the first to be released) by the British pop singer-songwriter Lucie Silvas released by Mercury Records on 11 October 2004 in the United Kingdom. It was released in the Netherlands on 29 March 2005 and worldwide in April 2006.The majority of the album was co-written by Silvas with Judie Tzuke whom Silvas had previously been a backing singer for.
 Fix Your Face is the first DJ mix released by TRV$DJAM. It features Travis Barker on drums and DJ AM spinning records. It was released online on August 27 2008.
 Promised Land is the fifth studio album by the American heavy metal band Queensrÿche and their highest charting record to date. It was released by EMI on 18 October 1994 4 years after their successful Empire album. The album was re-released on June 10 2003 in a remastered edition with bonus tracks.
 Napoli secondo estratto is an album by Italian singer Mina issued in 2003.
 Gone Crazy is a 1973 album by Grin. The original album was a gatefold. The outside front and back covers feature a colorful drawing by Lanny Tupper of animals dishes and musical instruments going crazy. A photo of Nils Lofgren doing a flip is also on the front cover. The inside cover has nineteen photos of the band performing and hanging out with an old man identified as Mr. Carter.
 México México is a compilation album recorded for Mexico's soccer team that competed in the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany. The album was released on May 16 2006 and contains the official song of the Mexican soccer team México México by RBD.
 Il Divo is the self-titled debut studio album to be released by operatic pop vocal group Il Divo formed by Simon Cowell in 2004. The album was released on 1 November 2004 in the United Kingdom via Syco Music and on 19 April 2005 in the United States via Columbia Records. The album contains three songs performed in English six songs performed in Italian and three songs performed in Spanish excluding the bonus track.
 Live at the Continental and the Esplanade is a live album by Australian rock musician Paul Kelly which was originally available from late 1995 by mail order only from Mushroom Records' White Records Label in Australia. It had been recorded from two performances at the (now defunct) Continental Hotel in Prahran and one performance at the Esplanade Hotel in St Kilda both in Melbourne.
 Carved in Stone is the second album by the progressive metal group Shadow Gallery released in 1995 (see 1995 in music). An unreleased demo made for this album (the song Rule the World) was released in the compilation album Prime Cuts.
 Suburban Legends is the first EP of the Orange County based ska punk band Suburban Legends. It was released in 2001 in Los Angeles California by Lobster Girl Records. This self-produced album has sold over 20000 copies. It was re-released the following year with the return of lead singer Tim Maurer.This album (EP) has four different versions. The original version released had a red cover (The Red EP).
 Totenlieder is Absurd's third album. The album has a softer sound with clean vocals and a more pagan theme. It is also the first Absurd album that was released on Wolf Möbus' label Nebelfee Klangwerke. Totenlieder was also released on 12 LP limited to 500 copies.
 Signing Off is the debut album by British reggae band UB40 released in the UK on 29 August 1980 by Dudley-based independent label Graduate Records. It was an immediate success in their home country reaching number 2 on the UK albums chart and made UB40 the most popular reggae band in Britain several years before the band found international fame.
 Sing You Sinners is the seventh album by Erin McKeown since she began her career in 1997 and her fourth studio album in six years. Released in 2006 via Nettwerk Records it is an album of a variety of American standards with one original composition Melody.The album features Sam Kassirer on the piano organ and wurlitzer; Todd Sickafoose on the bass; and drummer Allison Miller. McKeown plays an array of banjos and guitars as well as vocals.
 Traveling Miles is the thirteenth overall album by American jazz vocalist Cassandra Wilson. Released on the Blue Note label in 1999 it is a tribute to Miles Davis taking many of its cues from Davis' catalog of recordings with Columbia Records.
 All Hung Up is a 1968 album by the music group The Irish Rovers.
 Naked as Advertised (Versions '08) is the eighth full-length studio album released by the British Synthpop group Heaven 17 released in 2008. It is a new nine track album containing new versions of some of their biggest hits as well covers and two reworkings of early Human League songs. Following the departure of Ian Craig Marsh this is the first Heaven 17 album with the band consisting of the duo of Glenn Gregory and Martyn Ware.
 No Virginia... is the first compilation album by American dark cabaret band The Dresden Dolls. It was released in Europe on May 19 2008 and North America on May 20 2008. A special edition was released in the U.S. via the iTunes Store and Amazon.com's MP3 service on June 10 2008.
 Beneath the Radar is an album released in 2005 by New Zealand hip-hop artist Che Fu.
 Mindif is a jazz album by South African artist Abdullah Ibrahim. It was performed and recorded for the soundtrack of a French film Chocolat by Claire Denis. Mindif is a mountain and a town in north Cameroon.
 The Best of Disney Channel was released on March 26 2007 featuring 16 tracks from Disney Channel Original Movies and Series.
 Birthmarks is the third studio album by Canadian rock band Born Ruffians released on April 16 2013 by Paper Bag Records in Canada and Yep Roc Records worldwide. The band released a limited edition deluxe version of the album on March 25 2014 that included a second disc with outtakes unreleased tracks and acoustic versions.
 Ok Alright A Huh Oh Yeah is the second and final album by Schnell Fenster. It was released only in Australia and New Zealand. The title track was a minor hit single in Australia (peaking at #74) but the album did not secure a chart placing.
 Posh is a 1980 album released by R&B singer Patrice Rushen her third album for Elektra Records and sixth album overall. The album was recently re-released on Wounded Bird Records as were several other Rushen albums from the time. Following the Pizzazz album Posh was the continuation of a string of R&B/pop albums that would establish Rushen as an R&B singer.Look Up! I Need Your Love The Funk Won't Let You Down Time Will Tell highlighted Patrice's reach into R&B territory.
 The Beat Goes On is a compilation album by the British ska/rock band The Beat released in the US in 1991.
 Ray Charles at Newport is a 1958 live album of Ray Charles' July 5 1958 performance at the Newport Jazz Festival. All tracks from this album along with all tracks from his 1959 Herndon Stadium performance in Atlanta were also released on the 1987 Atlantic compilation Ray Charles Live. This cd reissue includes a previously unissued number from the Newport concert Swanee River Rock.
 Acoustic Hearts of Winter is a holiday album and the second studio album by American pop duo Aly & AJ. The album was released on September 26 2006 in the United States via Hollywood Records. The album was conceived as a project after completing the deluxe edition of their debut album Into the Rush (2005). All production of the album was done by Antonia Armato and Tim James. The majority of songs are cover versions of religious Christmas carols or contemporary classics.
 For the variety of chicken see Bantam (chicken)Bantam Cock is the third studio album by Jake Thackray. It was produced by Norman Newell and released on LP by EMI in 1972. Musical direction was by Geoff Love. The album is currently out of print but its songs digitally remastered are included in the 4 CD retrospective Jake in a Box.The song Bantam Cock has been covered by Fred Wedlock The Corries Alex Beaton and Jasper Carrott.
 Holiday For Soul Dance is an album by the American jazz musician Sun Ra and his Intergalactic Arkestra recorded in Chicago mid-1960 and originally released on his own Saturn label in 1970. The album was reissued by Evidence on Compact disc in 1992. Within Ra's catalogue Holiday For Soul Dance is considered a bit of an oddity as it lacks any tracks written by Sun Ra although a song written by Phil Cohran the Arkestra's cornet player is included.
 Innocent Blood is the ninth studio album by American Christian rock band Resurrection Band (known at this point as REZ) released in 1989.
 The Worst is the fourth and final studio album by the Brazilian extreme metal band Sarcófago. Unlike early Sarcófago releases this album is more death metal oriented. Wagner Lamounier appears on the album cover.The Worst sees the band slowing down in relation to the speed-oriented Hate and having a better grasp of drum programming. Minelli and Lamounier saw this record as a summation of their career.
 Love is a 1963 studio album by Rosemary Clooney arranged by Nelson Riddle. Clooney and Riddle were having an affair at the time of the recording and this was the second album that Riddle had arranged for Clooney. They recorded Rosie Solves the Swingin' Riddle! in 1960 for RCA Victor Records and the songs that make up Love were recorded the same year.
 Twisted Thought Generator (2000) is an electro-industrial album by Velvet Acid Christ. The album Dimension 8 was released alongside Twisted Thought Generator as a free MP3.
 Guns Don't Kill People... Lazers Do is the debut full-length album by Major Lazer collaborative music project from DJ/producers Diplo and Switch. The album is heavily influenced by Jamaican dancehall music and features guest appearances from Jamaican artists on every track.
 3rd Degree Burns: The Music of TNA Wrestling Vol. 1 was the third CD released from Total Nonstop Action Wrestling on November 21 2006 featuring the entrance music of TNA superstars as well as prequel tracks from the Victory Road 2006 PPV.
 8 Songs About a Girl is the debut studio album by American rock band Deep Dark Robot.
 Spleen and Ideal is the second studio album by Australian musical act Dead Can Dance. It was released on 1 September 1985 by record label 4AD. The album features a transition between the band's post-punk and gothic rock-influenced debut album towards a greater darkwave style.
 I'm Going On released in 1984 on Light Records is a gospel music album by American contemporary gospel music group Commissioned.
 Johnny Cash with His Hot and Blue Guitar is the debut album of country singer Johnny Cash released on October 11 1957.
 The Curious Sofa is the final release by the Seattle indie band This Busy Monster. It is an EP that takes its title track from their previous album as well as containing re-recordings of two songs from Fireworks (How Loup-Garou Grew and Issue (demo)). It was released in 2001.
 New Multitudes is a Woody Guthrie tribute album performed by Jay Farrar Will Johnson Anders Parker and Yim Yames to commemorate the 100th anniversary of Guthrie's birth released through Rounder Records on February 28 2012. The project was initiated by Woody's daughter Nora Guthrie to have Farrar add music to her father's lyrics—specifically his earliest songwriting years in Los Angeles.
 Episodes is a compilation album by English multi-instrumentalist Mike Oldfield released in France in 1981.
 Live in France is the third live album by Mexican guitar duo Rodrigo y Gabriela. It was recorded at various dates in France on their 11:11 world tour. It was released on 19 July in the USA and 25 July in the rest of the world.
 1980 is title of the debut album by Danish punk/metal band Brats.
 Black Market Music is the third studio album by alternative rock band Placebo. It was released on 9 October 2000 through Hut Records. The album took nine months to record the longest that the band have ever spent recording an album to date. It has sold over one million copies to date.
 The No Comprendo (Long title: Les Rita Mitsouko Présentent The No Comprendo) is the second studio album by French pop rock group Les Rita Mitsouko. It was released in 1986 and includes the singles Andy C'est Comme Ça and Les Histoires d’a..The album was recorded with veteran producer Tony Visconti at Studio Good Earth London Studio Rita Mitsouko Paris and mixed at Studio Good Earth.
 The Journey is the debut studio album by English boy band 911. Released in the United Kingdom through EMI on 8 March 1997 it peaked at number 13 on the UK Singles Chart and spent 17 weeks in the top 40. However the album was extremely popular in Asia where it topped the Malaysian Albums Chart and went 12× Platinum. It also reached number six in Taiwan. The Journey contains 911's signature song Bodyshakin'.
 Overproof is the first full length album by the American hip hop duo Substance Abuse. The Los Angeles based group have garnered much acclaim following the release of the album particularly for its incorporation of legendary MC Kool Keith and the ever present MF Doom on the songs 'Night On The Town' and 'Profitless Thoughts' respectively. The album received four stars in URB and Scratch Magazine.
 Cal is a soundtrack album by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler released on 24 August 1984 by Vertigo Records. The album contains music composed for the 1984 film Cal produced by David Puttnam and directed by Pat O'Connor. Puttnam also produced the film Local Hero (1983).
 If I Ruled the World: Songs for the Jet Set is a 1965 studio album by Tony Bennett arranged by Don Costa. Bennett dedicated his recording of Sweet Lorraine on the album to Nat King Cole who had died a month before the album's release.
 Live from London is a concert film by the British group Duran Duran. It was filmed during the course of the last two of five sold-out nights at Wembley Arena in April 2004 during the band's first global tour after the reunion of the band's original five members. The concert features hits from their 25-year catalog together with live versions of the singles from their 2004 studio album Astronaut.
 Love is the third studio album from Christian rock band Inhabited. It was released in the United States on February 26 2008 through the 7Spin Music label. Three songs have been released as radio singles: Love (I Need You) I Want to Know and Hush which charted in the top 10 on Christian CHR music charts (according to Radio and Records magazine).
 All Eyes to the Morning Sun is a mini-album by Lights Action. It was released on April 14 2008 as a digital download and also as an enhanced CD.
 War of the Gods is an album by soul singer Billy Paul. The album was arranged by Bobby Martin and Lenny Pakula. Released in 1973 this album reached number twelve on the Billboard Soul Album chart.
 Nine is the ninth album by the British folk rock group Fairport Convention and according to Allmusic is their most uneven. It is their second album to feature Trevor Lucas and Jerry Donahue and features no original members of Fairport Convention.Polly on the Shore was re-recorded by the 21st century lineup of Fairport Convention (featuring only Dave Pegg from the Nine-era lineup) for their album Sense of Occasion in 2007 with Simon Nicol on lead vocals.
 The Fabulous Miracles is a 1963 album by The Miracles featuring the million-selling hit You've Really Got a Hold on Me one of the group's most popular singles. It also features the chart hits A Love She Can Count On and I've Been Good To You which The Beatles' John Lennon has identified as his favorite Miracles song.
 Real Emotional Trash is the fourth album by Stephen Malkmus and the Jicks. The album was released on March 4 2008 by Matador Records. The album was leaked on to the internet January 13 2008. The album peaked #64 on the Billboard 200.The album is the Jicks' first to feature Quasi and former Sleater-Kinney drummer Janet Weiss.The album was recorded at SnowGhost Music in Whitefish Montana [1] and Wilco's Foxtrot Studio in Chicago Illinois.
 Payback is rapper/producer Danny!'s seventh studio album originally scheduled for a January 17 domestic release. Nicknamed Project Lucky Seven during its inception Payback was recorded primarily during the summer of 2011 shortly after Where Is Danny?'s re-release via Interscope Records. After a quiet exodus from the label Danny! subsequently signed to a rebooted Okayplayer Records which had been on hiatus since 2004; a release date was finally slated for September 25.
 No Blue Thing is Ray Lynch’s third album and has won two Billboard Awards; one for Album of the Year and the second for Artist of the Year in its genre.
 Singles is the greatest hits album of singer Alison Moyet released in 1995.
 Moonbaby is debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Siobhan Magnus. The album was released on January 1 2012.
 1011 Woodland is the eighth studio album by British new wave band The Fixx released in 1999. All but the last three tracks are re-recordings of previous songs done by the band largely in an acoustic and modern form. The final three tracks are live recordings.
 Perceptions is a dance album released by Phonica in 2011. It is Electro House artist Phonica's debut album.
 Verdena is the first released demotape by the Italian alternative-rock band Verdena recorded in 1997.
 Bahia is an album credited to jazz musician John Coltrane released in 1965 on Prestige Records catalogue 7353. It is assembled from unissued results of two separate recording sessions at the studio of Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack New Jersey in 1958. As Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s long after he had stopped recording for the label Prestige used unissued recordings to create new marketable albums without Coltrane's input or approval.
 It’s Time to See Who’s Who is the first album by the British punk rock band Conflict. It was released in 1983 by Corpus Christi Records and again in 1994 as It's Time to See Who's Who Now on Mortarhate Records with a different track listing.
 Choreography is a Vanessa-Mae album featuring work by Vangelis Bill Whelan A. R. Rahman Tolga Kashif and Walter Taieb. She performs with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.Emerald Tiger is a composition by Riverdance's Whelan a sort of Irish/Asian fusion. Raga's Dance by Indian Composer A. R. Rahman is a piece that mixes Carnatic instruments and vocals to a large symphonic orchestration. Bolero for Violin and Orchestra is a tribute to Ravel's Boléro and it features a darbuka.
 Warmer Corners is the ninth album by The Lucksmiths released in 2005 on Candle Records (catalogue number LUCKY19.)
 Phobia is the third studio album by American post-grunge/alternative metal band Breaking Benjamin. It was recorded at The Barbershop Studios in Hopatcong New Jersey and released August 8 2006 through Hollywood Records.
 Vietnam/Heaven is a studio album by the band Shockabilly one of the many projects of influential and prolific guitarist Eugene Chadbourne. The album is a combination of two previously unavailable LPs and was extremely well received by critics. Notably these recordings feature many sonic techniques that were later duplicated by bands such as Primus and Sonic Youth. [1]
 Quiet as It's Kept is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach featuring tracks recorded in 1959 and released on the Mercury label.
 Single and Famous is the first collaboration between Stanford graduates MC Lars and K.Flay.It was produced by K.Flay and MC Lars with help from the Rondo Brothers and the Dust Collector. The title track received airplay on San Francisco's Live 105.
 The Note is an album released in the Spring of 2005 by hardcore band Bane. The album consists of a deeper more mature sound than that of previous albums.
 Crap Attack is compilation album by American rock band We Are Scientists released on November 6 2006 in the UK. The album is a compilation of b-sides and rarities. It contains covers of Hoppípolla by Icelandic band Sigur Rós Bang Bang Rock & Roll by British band Art Brut Be My Baby by '60s girl group The Ronettes and Sie hat was vermisst by Bela B. and remixes of their own songs from With Love and Squalor.The album also contains a DVD with a video to every song on the album.
 Fall of the Despised is a studio album released by the brutal death metal band Severe Torture in 2005. It was recorded in The Netherlands with producer Hans Pieters.
 Shining Star is the eight album and the second compilation album from the Christian pop group Jump5. It is complied entirely of songs that Jump5 had covered throughout their career. It was released on November 22 2005 the same day that Jump5's first independently released Christmas album Rock This Christmas was released. Freeze Frame features Natasha Noack.
 Building the Perfect Beast is the second album by Don Henley released in 1984. The album became a huge hit for Henley making him a solo star. The album reached #13 on the charts and sold three million copies. It also released four Top 40 singles including The Boys Of Summer which won Henley numerous awards and became one of his most popular songs.
 My Secret Passion: The Arias is an album by Michael Bolton. Accompaniment is by the Philharmonia Orchestra under the direction of Steven Mercurio. The album includes a duet with Renée Fleming.Due to lack of substantial promotion the album peaked on the Billboard Top 200 at an extremely low #112 marking the end of the period of chart success for Bolton.
 Misia Remix 1999 is the first remix album by Japanese R&B singer Misia released June 9 1999. It was released in cassette and vinyl formats only. Misia Remix 1999 debuted at #36 on the weekly Oricon chart selling 8770 copies in its first week.
 The Bronx is the sixth studio album by punk rock band The Bronx. It was released on February 5 2013.
 Pursuit of the Sun & Allure of the Earth is the first full-length album by the Canadian black metal band Woods of Ypres. It was recorded in 2004 at Spectre Sound in Tecumseh Ontario. This marked Woods of Ypres' first release with David Gold on vocals and guitar as well as drums along with the first appearance of keyboardist Jessica Rose.
 Giant Orange is the third studio album by rock group Cheap Girls released on February 21 2012. It was the first release for the band since signing with Rise Records and is available on CD and vinyl. The album was produced by Laura Jane Grace of American punk rock band Against Me! and was the first time the band worked with a producer. With the exception of tambourine the album was recorded using only guitar bass drums and vocals.
 Ayaueto is the debut solo album by Japanese pop singer Aya Ueto. It was released on March 12 2003 on Flight Master.
 They Might Be Giants sometimes called The Pink Album is the eponymous debut album from Brooklyn-based band They Might Be Giants. It was released by Bar/None in 1986. The album generated two singles Don't Let's Start and (She Was A) Hotel Detective.
 The Good the Bad the Ugly is the debut album of American pop/R&B singer Frankee released in 2004. Her single F.U.R.B. (Fuck You Right Back) is an answer song to Eamon's Fuck It (I Don't Want You Back). A second single How You Do failed to repeat the success of F.U.R.B. and did not chart.
 The Connected Series 2 is a 2001 album by electronic music artists Venetian Snares and Cex. Not much is said or known about the album for it sold only 391 copies on Discogs.
 Champagne is a music album of 2002 made by the Venezuelan José Luis Rodríguez El Puma with the seal BMG U.S. Latin in this album presents new versions of chart hits from 70's & 80's.
 Conditions of My Parole is the second studio album by Puscifer. The album was produced by Maynard James Keenan Mat Mitchell and Josh Eustis. Contributing musicians for the album include the aforementioned Keenan Mitchell and Eustis as well as Carina Round Juliette Commagere Matt McJunkins Jeff Friedl Gil Sharone and Rani Sharone Jonny Polonsky Tim Alexander Devo Keenan Alessandro Cortini Tanya O'Callaghan Sarah Jones and Jon Theodore.
 Electrified is Pink Cream 69's sixth album. It features guest appearances of singers D.C. Cooper (Royal Hunt) and Ralf Scheepers (Primal Fear) on the song Over The Fire.
 Endangered Species is the second album by Flaw. It was released on May 4 2004. The album debuted at #42 on the Billboard 200 chart.As explained by vocalist Chris Volz the fairly lengthy delay between the release of Through the Eyes and Endangered Species was the result of 18 months of touring and sequentially the band's desire to not hastily release an album without being happy with its contents.
 The Invitation is the first major label album by Thirteen Senses. Released on 27 September 2004 it includes the singles Do No Wrong Into the Fire Thru the Glass and The Salt Wound Routine.
 ¡Chicas! is an album by Latin Grammy-winning Spanish musician and actor Miguel Bosé It was released in 1979.
 Dick's Picks Volume 22 is a two-CD album by the rock group the Grateful Dead the 22nd installment of the live archival release series. It documents portions of the concerts on February 23 and 24 1968 at the Kings Beach Bowl in Kings Beach California (located on the north shore of Lake Tahoe). It was released in June 2001.Dick's Picks Volume 22 is mastered in HDCD from the original recordings by Dan Healy.
 Noah is the debut studio album of the Danish duo Noah. It was released on 20 May 2013 on Copenhagen Records debuting at number 2 in its first week of release. The duo had already pre-released two successful singles from the album in 2012 namely Alt er forbi and Over byen. Just prior to the release of the album Noah released yet a third single Det' okay from the album.
 Porgy & Bess is a 1997 album by jazz saxophonist Joe Henderson released on Verve Records. It contains Henderson's arrangements of music from George Gershwin's opera Porgy and Bess.
 Valentyne Suite is a 1969 album by Colosseum. It was Vertigo Records' first album release and reached number 15 in the UK Albums Chart.Though the song The Kettle is officially listed as having been written by Dick Heckstall-Smith and Jon Hiseman a credit which is confirmed by Hiseman's liner notes for the album bassist and producer Tony Reeves later claimed that it was written by guitarist and vocalist James Litherland.
 Big Black Hole and the Little Baby Star is an album by Sean Hayes. It was released in 2006.
 I'm the One is an album by Roberta Flack released in May 1982 which reached #59 on the album chart in Billboard whose R&B album chart afforded the album a #16 peak.The Burt Bacharach/Carole Bayer Sager-produced Making Love which appeared in the film of the same name and in the spring of 1982 had afforded Flack her final solo Top 40 hit (#13 on the Billboard Hot 100) was included on the I'm the One album along with eight new tracks co-produced by William Eaton Ralph MacDonald William Salter and Flack herself. 
 Happy Secret is the fifth album by The Lucksmiths released in 1999 on Candle Records (catalogue number LUCKY6.) It is compilation of the tracks from four singles released in 1998.
 Cesarians 1 is the debut album released by a London-based band The Cesarians in 2009.
 The Boys Are Back is the thirtieth studio album of Country music group The Oak Ridge Boys. It was released in 2009 under the Spring Hill Records label. The album marked the group's return to secular country music after releasing gospel albums since 1992.
 Green Wing: Original Television Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the British sitcom Green Wing by Jonathan Whitehead under the name Trellis. The album contains 23 tracks originally recorded for the series but no soundtracks recorded by other artists. The music originally won Whitehead an RTS Craft and Design Award for Best Original Score in 2005 and also nominated for a BAFTA.
 The Complete Stone Roses is a 1995 compilation of singles and B-sides by British indie band The Stone Roses. It was released without the band's input by their record company Silvertone with whom they were embroiled in a protracted legal battle to terminate their five-year contract.The album features an almost complete collection of the band's Madchester heyday singles and b-sides for the label as well as prior releases for other labels.
 Six Monk's Compositions (1987) is an album by American saxophonist and composer Anthony Braxton recorded in 1987 for the Italian Black Saint label. The album features Braxton's interpretations of compositions by Thelonious Monk.
 Idle Will Kill is the second and final full-length album by Los Angeles punk rock band Osker.
 Sendiri (Alone in the Indonesian language) is a 1984 album by Indonesian singer Chrisye.
 The Boss of the Blues is a 1956 album by the American blues shouter Big Joe Turner. Originally released on the Atlantic label the album has been reissued many times on cassette and CD by Atlantic Rhino and Collectables.
 Victorious: Music from the Hit TV Show is the soundtrack for the Nickelodeon TV series Victorious. The majority of the album was sung by the lead actress of the television series Victoria Justice with the Victorious cast being listed beside her. Some of the other singers on the album feature Ariana Grande Elizabeth Gillies Miranda Cosgrove and Matt Bennett.
 Level 2 is the second full-length album by metal band Last Chance to Reason. It was released in 2011 through Prosthetic Records and is their first release since leaving Tribunal.
 Hourglass is Japanese singer songwriter Fayray's fifth studio album and first under the R and C label. The album was released on October 27 2004.
 Blues Interaction - Live In Japan 1986 Is a 1986 live album by blues singer and guitarist Otis Rush. Recorded with local Japanese band Break Down the album has been legitimately panned by many critics because of the backing band's rudimentary knowledge of blues music.[citation needed] Ironically Rush has dual citizenship in the United States and Japan.[citation needed] His current wife is a native of the country.
 The Sun Records Collection is a 1994 compilation album.In 2003 the album was ranked number 308 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
 Almost Famous is a soundtrack album to the film of the same name released in 2000. It was awarded the 2001 Grammy Award for Best Compilation Soundtrack Album for a Motion Picture Television or Other Visual Media.
 Five is the fifth studio album by guitarist Greg Howe released on October 22 1996 through Shrapnel Records.
 Giant Robot is the eponymously titled debut studio album by Giant Robot led by guitarist Buckethead; the album was released in 1996.
 Repent Replenish Repeat is the third album by dan le sac vs Scroobius Pip released on 7 October 2013.
 Black Debbath Hyller Kvinnen! (Black Debbath Praise The Woman) is the fifth album from Norwegian band Black Debbath.
 Rimits: Best Duet Songs (RIMITs ～ベスト・デュエット・ソングス～ Rimittsu Besuto Duetto Songusu) is the third compilation album released by Rimi Natsukawa on March 22 2006 (2006-03-22). It features duets from Natsukawa's discography and re-arrangements of her songs into duet versions.The title is a pun on the English word Limits and Natsukawa's first name.
 Huntington Ashram Monastery is the second solo album by Alice Coltrane.
 Pluto is the debut EP by Norwegian rock band Seigmen. The EP came in three editions: a black CD limited to 500 copies a clear CD and a red CD.
 Welcome to Howdywood is the debut album of the American country music band Boy Howdy. It was released in 1992 via Curb Records. The album includes the singles Our Love Was Meant to Be and A Cowboy's Born with a Broken Heart which respectively reached #43 and #12 on Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs).
 Fiore II is the third compilation album by Japanese recording artist Alisa Mizuki released through Nippon Columbia on December 20 1997. The thirteen-track set features a selection of songs from Mizuki's third and fourth studio albums Arisa III: Look and Cute chosen by Mizuki herself as well as five original songs. Fiore II is Mizuki's last album released under Nippon Columbia.
 The Baddest is first compilation album of Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota released on October 8 1989. The album peaked at number one and was certified million.In February 9 2009 Sony Music Entertainment Records released Blu-spec CD Limited Edition of the album .
 Behind the Lines is the second album by John Schumann and the Vagabond Crew. Released in 2008 it was re-released in 2011.It consists almost entirely of cover songs and musical renditions of poems.
 Amor y Lágrimas (Eng.: Love and Tears) is the title of a studio album released by mexican-american performer Adán Chalino Sánchez. This album became his first number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums and the first released after his death in 2004.
 Songs for the Kiwi Bloke is a New Zealand compilation album released in 2001. It was released by Rajon Music Australia.
 Christmas Is 4 Ever is a 2006 Christmas-themed album by Parliament-Funkadelic bassist Bootsy Collins. The album was released in the U.S. by the Shout Factory label and by P-Vine Records in Japan. The album represents the very first Christmas album made by any member of the P-Funk musical collective.
 Glen Campbell's Twenty Golden Greats was Glen Campbell's biggest selling album in the UK reaching the top of the UK Albums Chart and staying on the chart for 27 weeks.
 Toil is a studio album by the Chicago Celtic punk band Flatfoot 56 released on August 14 2012 by Paper + Plastick. The release is the fourth studio album released by the group since they were signed by a label. Johnny Rioux a member of the Celtic punk band Street Dogs returned as the producer.The album was released to generally favorable reviews. Critics and fans enjoyed the album's diversity of sound and song writing.
 Melissa Etheridge is the self-titled debut album by singer-songwriter Melissa Etheridge released in 1988 (see 1988 in music).The album was re-released on 23 September 2003 as a two-CD remastered edition containing a bonus disc of ten tracks recorded live at the Roxy in Los Angeles and a five-track session from BBC Kent in April 1988.
 Kiss & Tell is the third studio album by the Swedish rock band Sahara Hotnights and was released on a major label.
 Reaching for Tomorrow is the fourth album by Switch. It was the second album that they released in 1980. It was recorded at Motown's own studio and partly at James William Guercio's Caribou Ranch studio.
 Shadows is the third album by Australian recording artist Lenka. It was released on 2 June 2013 through Skipalong Records.
 Matthew Ryan vs. The Silver State (or MRVSS) is an album by Matthew Ryan released in 2008 on 00:02:59 and One Little Indian. Following the release of the album Ryan toured the US to support its release with a full band.
 For softs as commodities see Commodities.Softs is a 1976 album by the British psychedelic progressive rock and jazz/fusion band Soft Machine who were one of the central bands in the Canterbury scene.[citation needed]John Etheridge replaced Allan Holdsworth on guitar shortly after the release of the previous album Bundles and Alan Wakeman cousin of keyboardist Rick Wakeman took over saxophone duties from Karl Jenkins. Karl would play keyboards exclusively from this point onward.
 The Sweetest Days is Vanessa L. Williams's third album released in 1994 is a more varied diverse album than her previous albums. Includes the hit singles You Can't Run Betcha Never The Way That You Love and the title track. The album peaked at #57 on the U.S. Pop chart and at #25 on the R&B chart and was certified Platinum by the RIAA.
 Chillout Sessions refers to the high selling series of compilations released by Ministry of Sound.
 Changes is a documentary and live DVD released in September 2004 by the hard rock band Godsmack. The DVD was recorded in early 2004. That same month the group also released Batalla de los Tambores a drum dual between Shannon and Sully available only via online services such as Apple's iTunes Music Store Real Napster and the Zune Marketplace. The DVD has been certified Platinum by the RIAA with access sales of 100000 copies in the United States.
 Sparks Fly is the debut studio album by American actress and pop singer-songwriter Miranda Cosgrove. The plans for the album were first announced in July 2008 and the album was released by Columbia Records on April 27 2010 as a standard edition and a deluxe edition and Epic Records in India and Italy. The album has been preceded by its lead single Kissin U which was co-written by Cosgrove Claude Kelly and Dr. Luke who produced it with HitmanKTI and was released on March 22 2010.
 It Ain't Me Babe is the first studio album by pop rock band The Turtles. It was released in October 1965 on White Whale Records.Sundazed Records licensed the rights to the Turtles' library and has re-released most of the group's early albums.
 Dar unde eşti is the debut album of the Moldovan band O-Zone and the only one to be released by the original lineup of the band with only Dan Bălan and Petru Jelihovschi as members. It was released in Moldova under the Media Services label a sub-label of Sony Music Entertainment on September 2 1999 and released in Romania under the same label on September 10 2002.
 Maple Leaves is an EP released by Jens Lekman. The songs on this EP can also be found on Lekman's 2005 release Oh You're So Silent Jens.The title song Maple Leaves centers on a hallmark of Lekman's lyrics puns and an advanced level of understanding of English idioms.
 Too Bright Just Right Good Night is an album from the mid-1990s by Actionslacks.
 Pray for the Soul of Betty is the self-titled hard rock debut album of the band Pray for the Soul of Betty released on May 10 2005 self-produced locally by the band global release courtesy of Koch Entertainment who released it in two editions explicit and clean; re-engineered by Michael Burgman and Michael Barlie re-mastered by Howie Weinburg; arranged produced and performed by Pray for the Soul of Betty.
 Big Bad and Acoustic by The Choirboys sees the band perform acoustic tracks that they have put together over their two decades together.The album was engineered by Adam Jordan and mixed by Robert Specogna at Main Street Studios Wollongong.
 Groove Street is an album by jazz organist Larry Young which was recorded in 1962 and released on the Prestige label.
 Live in Paris 05 is a live album and video album highlighting Italian singer-songwriter Laura Pausini's World Tour '05 performance at Paris' Le Zénith in March 2005. The album was issued by Warner Music in November 2005 in CD DVD CD+DVD and two-disc DVD editions.
 Tokyo Day Trip is a live EP by Pat Metheny Christian McBride and Antonio Sanchez referred to on the official Pat Metheny website as the Pat Metheny Trio and released on May 13 2008. The album was recorded live at Blue Note Tokyo in Tokyo Japan.
 Special Kind of Something – The Best of Kavana is a compilation by British singer Kavana. The album was released in July 2007 after renewed interest in the singer due to his appearance on the British talent show Grease Is the Word. On his official Myspace page Kavana himself has said he doesn't have many expectations of the album charting as it is being released with no promotion but will be releasing an album of new material soon.
 Shimmies in Super 8 is a rare compilation released in United Kingdom on April 1993 as a double pack. Its catalogue number is DS45 - 05/06. DS45 - 05 is a white vinyl 7 DS45 - 06 is a green vinyl. Both 7s were housed in a folder cardboard sleeve in a plastic bag. This album features two of the four songs Darlin' produced.
 Quebec is the 9th album by Ween released on August 5 2003 on Sanctuary Records. It was the first album released after the band's contract with Elektra expired and marked its return to independent labels.The song It's Gonna Be a Long Night is featured in the video game Tony Hawk's Underground 2 and in the tv show The Shield.
 Karma is an album by Australian singer-songwriter Rick Springfield. Following about a decade without a new album from Springfield its 1999 release took place amid a resumption of touring as well. The album hit the #189 spot on the Billboard 200 and none of its singles managed to chart.
 Living on the Edge is an album by American jazz saxophonist Dewey Redman featuring performances recorded in 1989 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 Alun Ashworth-Jones is the full name of the noted British folk/blues/rock songwriter guitarist and singer Al Jones and is also the title of his first album which this article addresses. He had previously made an E.P. as part of the trio Anderson Jones Jackson. The album was originally issued by Parlophone in 1969 and has been re-released in CD format by Mooncrest Records in 2001 with additional previously unreleased tracks.
 One Morning In May is a solo jazz guitar album by Bucky Pizzarelli of jazz standards released in 2001 by Arbors Records.
 Humanoid City Live is a live DVD and CD released by the German band Tokio Hotel on July 20 2010. It was recorded on April 12 2010 at the Mediolanum Forum in Milan (Italy) during their Welcome to Humanoid City Tour. The DVD bonus material includes a new backstage episode of Tokio Hotel TV and a photo gallery. The tour dates in Europe in 2010 were formally announced Thursday October 22 2009. The tour started on February 22 and was visited 32 cities in major concert halls.
 Under the Western Freeway is the debut studio album by American indie rock band Grandaddy. It was released on 21 October 1997 on Will Records. It was later reissued in the U.S. by V2 Records.
 Enchanted Lady is the fifth album by Detroit Michigan-based R&B group Enchantment.
 The Essential Alabama was a compilation album that chronicled the music of the country music band Alabama. Issued as part of BMG International's The Essential series the album was released in June 1998.As with other albums issued in The Essential series the Alabama volume chronicled the music offered from the peak of the band's phenomenal 1980s success.
 DJ Trigga And Fabolous Return Of The Hustler is Fabolous' fourth mixtape album set to release on July 3 2007.
 Party is a 1981 album by Iggy Pop. For this record he collaborated with Ivan Kral who is best known as guitar and bass player for Patti Smith in the 1970s.
 Wishes is the second studio album released by American country music artist Lari White. Released in June 1994 it contains three singles: That's My Baby Now I Know and That's How You Know (When You're in Love) all of which were Top 10 hits on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. The latter song also features harmony vocals from Hal Ketchum. The album itself received RIAA gold certification in the United States.
 This Time Around is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music singer Paul Brandt released on Orange Music Canada a subsidiary of Universal Music Group in 2004. The record features a guest appearance by Keith Urban who plays guitar on Leavin'. This song was later released by Blaine Larsen in 2010. The album also features a remake of the C. W. McCall song Convoy. It was recorded at The Orchard Studio near Nashville TN and produced by Steve Rosen and Paul Brandt.
 Drive: Glay Complete Best (typeset as DRIVE ~GLAY complete BEST~) is the second greatest hits album by Japanese pop/rock band Glay. It is composed by some of Glay's most popular singles and album tracks from their debut in 1994 to 2000. The two discs each contain hits from albums Speed Pop to Heavy Gauge as well as various singles. The album peaked at #1 at Oricon charts and sold 2637420 according to the charts.
 Urban Bushmen is a 1980 live album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Munich and released on the ECM label. It features performances by Lester Bowie Joseph Jarman Roscoe Mitchell Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye.
 Year of the Dragon is the ninth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Busta Rhymes it was released by Google Play as a free release on August 21 2012. The album features guest appearances from Cam'ron Robin Thicke Maino Anthony Hamilton Gucci Mane Vybz Kartel Lil Wayne J-Doe Reek da Villian Trey Songz and Rick Ross.
 The Big Shot Chronicles is Game Theory's third full-length album recorded with a mostly new line-up. This album's best known track Erica's Word is band leader Scott Miller's take on the dissolution of the original Game Theory line up.
 All That Was Has Gone is the fourth studio album by British band Northern Uproar. It was released in 2013.
 Katarushisu (カタルシス) or more commonly known as Catharsis is Közi's 1st solo album and was released on March 11 2004. It features a re-arranged version of Promenade (from the KHAOS/KINEMA maxi-single).
 Slayer's eleventh studio album will be the followup to their 2009 album World Painted Blood. Production of the album has been mired in uncertainty and controversy regarding the death of founding guitarist Jeff Hanneman and the status of drummer Dave Lombardo who was ultimately replaced by Paul Bostaph following a contract dispute.
 Wild Is Love is a 1960 album by Nat King Cole arranged by Nelson Riddle.
 Red House Painters (also known as Rollercoaster or Red House Painters I to distinguish it from the second eponymous album known as Bridge or Red House Painters II) is the second album by the group Red House Painters released in spring 1993 by 4AD. Eight songs left over from the recording sessions would make up the band's second self-titled album.
 Send Me to the Sun is the debut album by the American alternative rock band Polydream released on December 15 2007.
 Iris 1993 is the fifth album by Romanian hard rock group Iris.
 Knochenkult is the seventh studio album by the German dark metal band Eisregen released as Jewelcase Digipak with the Bonustrack `Blut ist Leben´ and a boxset with a shirt the digipak which is limited to 1000 copies through Massacre Records in 2008.
 The Way I Feel Today is the third album by English indie rock band Six by Seven. It was released in 2002 on Beggars Banquet Records in the UK and Mantra Recordings in the US. The band's first album as a four-piece following the departure of guitarist Sam Hempton it showcased what was in part more song-based commercial approach following the building atmospheric drone rock of previous albums The Things We Make and The Closer You Get. It includes the single I.O.U.
 Futur is the sixth album by French rapper Booba released on November 26 2012 on Tallac Records via the major Universal Music Group.
 All My Tomorrows is an album by the American country music singer Crystal Gayle. Released in 2003 it was Gayle first studio album of mainstream songs in several years (her previous few albums being either gospel/Christian music or children's songs).The album is a collection of classic standards including Jo Stafford's You Belong to Me and the ballad Cry Me a River.
 Under the Covers Vol. 2 is the second collaboration between alternative rock artist Matthew Sweet and Bangles singer Susanna Hoffs. Released by Shout! Factory on July 21 2009 it contains 16 cover versions of favorite songs from the 1970s.
 Revenge of The Goldfish is the third studio album from British indie band Inspiral Carpets. It was released 5 October 1992 on Cow Records through Mute Records.
 Rules Changed Up is the debut studio album by Polish recording artist Piotr Lisiecki. It was released by EMI Music on 27 April 2011. One week later it placed eighth in Polish official sales chart.
 'Broken Bones' is the eleventh studio album by the American heavy metal band Dokken. It was released in Europe on 21 September 2012 and in the US on September 25 2012.
 God Don't Make No Junk (1994) is the name of the first album recorded by the American group The Halo Benders.The album was released on K Records on 24 June 1994 on vinyl LP and compact disc. It was the first full-length release from the Halo Benders a side project of Calvin Johnson (of Beat Happening) and Doug Martsch (of Built to Spill). Its catalogue number is KLP29.
 Speed Trap is a live jazz album by Peter King recorded at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club (Frith Street London) in September 1994 and released in 1996 under the Ronnie Scotts Jazz House label. It features British/Canadian trumpet player Gerard Presencer who is now head of Jazz at the Royal Academy of Music.
 The Best of Chic Volume 2 is a greatest hits album of recordings by American R&B band Chic released by Atlantic Records/Rhino Records/Warner Music in 1992. The compilation focuses on single releases and album tracks from the band's later career 1979-1983.
 I Go Wild! is the sixth studio album released by blues guitarist Guitar Shorty (David Kearney). The album was recorded in April 2001 and released later that year on October 23 on CD by the label Evidence. The album contains mainly covers of other blues songs.The tracks Maybe She'll Miss Me and Go Wild! would later appear on Shorty's compilation album The Best of Guitar Shorty in 2006.
 Together at the Bluebird Café is a live recording of an in-the-round concert by three critically acclaimed Texan singer-songwriters Steve Earle Townes Van Zandt and Guy Clark. Each alternates between solo performances. The album demonstrates the camaraderie between the three artists whose personal lives and musical careers are very much intertwined.
 Clockseed is the fourth studio album by the American experimental music band Vampire Rodents released on April 14 1995 through Re-Constriction Records.
 Flashbacks is a compilation album by the band The Fuzztones released in 1996.
 Pedal to the Metal is the eighth full-length studio album by Impellitteri. It is the only one to feature profane lyrics and scream vocalization.
 Shaolin Soul is a two-volume compilation of music sampled by the Wu-Tang Clan and their various solo albums. The samples are principally for the tracks produced by RZA and as such largely cover the earlier years of their career.
 Shades of a Blue Orphanage is the second studio album by Irish band Thin Lizzy released in 1972. The title is a combination of the members' previous bands: Shades of Blue and Orphanage.Sarah was written for Phil Lynott's grandmother who raised him when his mother Philomena was unable to do so. This song should not be confused with the 1979 song of the same name for Lynott's daughter included on Black Rose: A Rock Legend.
 Stay-C is the second album of Akademi Fantasia season 6 winner Stacy which was launched on September 9 2011 in Malaysia. The album is produced by Astro and distributed by Warner Music.
 Mudbird Shivers is an album by Dutch punk/experimental band The Ex. The album prominently features vocals by guest musician Han Buhrs who also plays a number of different instruments on the recording. It was released the same year as The Ex's entirely instrumental improv album Instant.
 More Funk is a live album by American jazz pianist Don Pullen and saxophonist George Adams recorded in 1979 for the Italian Palcoscenico label.
 Small Town Dead is a 2010 studio album by hard rock group Bleeker Ridge.
 The Sylvers II is the second album by the Los Angeles California-based R&B group The Sylvers.
 Lead Me On is a 1971 vocal duet studio album by American country music singer-songwriters Loretta Lynn and Conway Twitty.This was Lynn and Twitty's second duet album together. With their previous album We Only Make Believe they became a successful duo and won a Grammy award for their #1 hit After the Fire Is Gone. This album's title track was the only single and became the duo's second #1 hit together as well as their second released single. The duo's album includes 11 tracks.
 Sambomaster wa Kimi ni Katarikakeru (サンボマスターは君に語りかける 2005 English: Sambomaster Has Something To Say To You) is Sambomaster's second full length album. It was the #76 sold album of the year selling 199149 units.
 Julius Hemphill Big Band is an album by jazz saxophonist Julius Hemphill recorded in 1988 for the Elektra/Musician label.
 Ti si mi u krvi is the sixth studio album by Zdravko Čolić released in 1985.The cover song is one of the most popular ballads of ex-Yugoslav pop music.
 Sukces (Success) - Second Czesław Niemen's solo album released in 1968. Album was recorded with band Akwarele.
 Violence in the Snowy Fields is the second full-length by Dolorean released in 2004 on Yep Roc Records. The album is slightly more up-tempo than their debut Not Exotic. Reviews have made comparisons to the Band and Wild Honey-era Beach Boys.
 Superfast Rock n' Roll Played Slow is the third album by American singer/songwriter Tess Wiley released on April 27 2007.
 A Retrospective is a compilation album by rapper KRS-One. It features many songs that were originally released under the Boogie Down Productions title and some songs released under the KRS-One title. It is composed of previously released material. The track Essays on BDP-Ism was the last track ever produced by Scott La Rock.No tracks are included from Sex and Violence the final Boogie Down Productions studio album.
 Donkey is the second album of Brazilian electro/rock band CSS released on July 21 2008. Seventeen songs were recorded at Trama Studios São Paulo of which eleven appear on the album. Donkey follows their critically acclaimed debut album Cansei de Ser Sexy.Three months before the release bassist Iracema Trevisan left the band being replaced by then-drummer Adriano Cintra.
 Steel on a Mission is the second and thus far final album released by rapper Lil' 1/2 Dead. The album would peak at #59 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #23 on the Top Heatseekers and the single Southern Girl would make it to #38 on the Hot Rap Singles.
 Mother's Finest is the official debut album by Atlanta GA funk rock group Mother's Finest. It was released in 1972 on RCA Records (LSP-4790) but sold poorly[citation needed] so the vinyl album is very hard to find. The band was also dissatisfied with the album. A second album (APLI-0343) was recorded for RCA but never released officially until it was included as bonus tracks with the 2-disc re-issue of Mother's Finest (1972) / Mother's Finest (1976) on Wounded Bird Records in 2010.
 Slugbucket Hairybreath Monster is an EP by New Zealand band Tall Dwarfs released in 1984.
 Blue Notes in the Basement is the debut album of Ultra Naté. It was released in 1991 on Warner Bros. Records. It includes the hit singles It's Over Now Scandal Deeper Love (Missing You) Rejoicing (I'll Never Forget) and Is It Love?
 At the Village Gate is a 1961 album by jazz flutist Herbie Mann. The album cover shows the title as Herbie Mann at the Village Gate. This was his third album for Atlantic Records the main label for much of his career. The album was recorded at legendary club The Village Gate.
 Skin 'Em Up is the debut album from the Scottish neo-rockabilly group The Shakin' Pyramids released in 1981 by Cuba Libre a subsidiary of Virgin Records. The album yielded a single in Tennessee Rock 'n' Roll. The band released three EP's during 1981 two of which were led by tracks from the album: Take a Trip and Tennessee Rock 'n' Roll (backed by original b-side Alright Alnight and two new tracks).
 Evidence is the fourth album by Steve Lacy and was released on the New Jazz label in 1962. It features performances of four tunes written by Thelonious Monk and two from Duke Ellington by Lacy Don Cherry Carl Brown and Billy Higgins.
 Renaissance (Atco Records catalog no. [SD] 33-244; originally available in both mono and stereo) is the third album by rock band Vanilla Fudge released in June 1968.
 The Irish Connection is fourth studio album released by Irish singer-songwriter Brian McFadden. The album was released on 1 March 2013 in Ireland followed three days later on 4 March in the United Kingdom. The album was preceded by the release of the lead single a cover of All I Want Is You a duet with Ronan Keating released on 25 February 2013. The album contains ten covers of songs by popular Irish artists including U2 Sinead O'Connor and Damien Rice.
 This article describes the 20th album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 20 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 20 or Now 20 was released in 1991 on vinyl audio cassette and Compact Disc.
 Homeland is a 2000 album by South African singer Miriam Makeba. It was released in 2000 on CD by world music label Putumayo. It includes a duet starring Makeba and Zenzi Lee in a renovated version of Makeba's trademark hit song Pata Pata (1967) entitled Pata Pata 2000.
 The Revenge of Blind Joe Death: The John Fahey Tribute Album is a tribute CD to guitarist John Fahey released in 2006 by Takoma Records.
 Live Wires is the first live album of the American jazz group Yellowjackets released in 1992. The album was recorded live at Roxy Theatre in West Hollywood California.The album reached a peak position of number two on Billboard's Top Contemporary Jazz Albums chart.
 Livestock is the first album by Australian rock band Fraternity released in 1971. Livestock is a largely progressive and psychedelic album and was originally released on the Sweet Peach label one of only ten albums ever released on it. Livestock was re-released for the first time on CD in 1998 with an alternative cover and three bonus tracks.
 Truly Madly Completely: The Best of Savage Garden is a compilation album released by Australian pop duo Savage Garden.
 Drawback is the name of the fifth album by German band X Marks the Pedwalk. It was released by Zoth Ommog in Europe and Metropolis Records in North America both in CD format.
 90125 is the eleventh studio album from the English progressive rock band Yes released in 1983 on Atco Records.
 Golden Arms Redemption is the solo debut album by Wu-Tang Clan member U-God. The album was released on October 5 1999. It had two singles Dat's Gangsta and Bizarre. The song Rumble was used as the main song for the video game Wu-Tang: Shaolin Style. Bizarre debuted number seven on the Billboard Hot Rap Singles but soon after Priority Records was on the verge of shutting down. Still the album managed to go Gold in sales.
 We Are Glitter is a remix album by English electronic duo Goldfrapp. It was released in North America on 17 October 2006 by Mute Records. The album features remixes of songs from the band's third studio album Supernature (2005) many of which were previously unavailable in North America.
 Elephant Shoe is the third album by Arab Strap released in 1999.The album's title is a phrase used by Scottish teenagers afraid of saying I love you where they mouth I love you under their breath but when asked what they had said answer elephant shoe or elephant juice because the mouth shapes are the same.
 Friends of Hell is the second album by doom metal band Witchfinder General. It was released in 1983 on Heavy Metal Records.
 Pure Guava is Ween's third studio album and the first to be released on a major label.
 The Moment is the third album by Irish singer/songwriter Jimmy MacCarthy released in 2002 by his own record label Ride On Records.
 Swing Kids: Music From The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack from the 1993 film Swing Kids. The album combines swing music featured in the film with the film's original score by James Horner (Horner's tracks are in bold).
 Angry Fist is the second album from Japanese punk rock band Hi-Standard. It was released on American label Fat Wreck Chords in July 1997.
 MECD is the second album by Norwegian pop / experimental singer-songwriter Kaada. It was released in 2004 and it is the first album by Kaada that was not released under the Ipecac label the second being Junkyard Nostalgias. It was released by Warner Music Group instead.
 Sponge Cola is the self-titled third studio album by the Pinoy rock band Sponge Cola. Under Universal Records Sponge Cola is already out in all major record bars.Puso is the first single from the album and is frequently heard after games during the UAAP Broadcast on Studio 23 as it was selected as the theme song for season 71. Their 2nd single Di Na Mababawi marked the band's departure from the standard full band rock formula opting for simpler instrumentation.
 Anthology is a compilation of Motown hits by pop and R&B singer Michael Jackson with additional hits by The Jackson 5 and rare unreleased material from 1973. The album was originally released in the U.S. on November 14 1986 and re-released on November 8 1995 and has sold three million copies worldwide.In 2008 in celebration of Jackson's 50th birthday Anthology was re-released under Universal Music's Gold series.
 The Essential Guy Clark is a compilation album by American singer-songwriter Guy Clark released in 1997.RCA had previously released Guy Clark – Greatest Hits in 1983 which included nearly all the songs from Clark's first two albums. This compilation includes the missing tracks. In addition it contains the previously unreleased Don't Let the Sunshine Fool You (composed by Clark but first released by Townes Van Zandt on The Late Great Townes Van Zandt in 1972).
 6/22/00 – Milan Italy is a two-disc live album and the twentieth in a series of 72 live bootlegs released by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam from the band's 2000 Binaural Tour. It was released along with the other official bootlegs from the European leg of the tour on September 26 2000.
 Lost Forever // Lost Together is the sixth studio album by British metalcore band Architects released on March 11 2014 primarily through Epitaph Records. The album was released through UNFD in Australia and New Damage in Canada. The album was recorded at Swedish recording studio Studio Fredman with producers Fredrik Nordström and Henrik Udd. The record's style has been described by the band as putting large emphasis on live performances.
 When We Were the New Boys is a studio album released by Rod Stewart on May 29 1998 (see 1998 in music). It was Stewart's eighteenth studio album and was released on Warner Bros. Records (WEA 9362-46792-2). It produced the singles Ooh La La Rocks and When We Were the New Boys.
 The Forester Sisters is the debut album from the American country music group The Forester Sisters. It was released in 1985 (see 1985 in country music) on Warner Bros. Records. The lead-off single (That's What You Do) When You're In Love peaked at #10 on the Billboard country charts. It was followed by three consecutive Number One hits: I Fell in Love Again Last Night Just In Case and Mama's Never Seen Those Eyes.
 Street Tough was Ben E. King's 14th album and 13th studio album and his final record released directly with Atlantic Records. The album was released in 1981.Two singles sprouted from this album. Street Tough / Why Is The Question came out first then You Made The Difference In My Life / Souvenirs Of Love second both in 1981. These are the last known singles released before the movie Stand By Me returned the song of the same name to popularity.
 The Dana Owens Album is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Queen Latifah released in the United States on September 28 2004 by A&M Records. Unlike Latifah's previous hip hop/R&B-oriented efforts this album showcases a jazz vocal performance. Even though Latifah has sung songs and choruses during her rap career she has never put out a full singing album before. The album's title—Latifah's birth name—indicates the different style of music contained on the album.
 The Golden Scarab is the first solo album by Ray Manzarek from The Doors.
 E. 1999 Eternal is the second studio album by American hip hop group Bone Thugs-N-Harmony released July 25 1995 on Ruthless Records. The album was released four months after the death of rapper Eazy-E the group's mentor and the executive producer of the album. Both the album and single Tha Crossroads are dedicated to him.
 Dogg Food is the debut studio album by American hip hop group Tha Dogg Pound. Its controversial lyrics were the subject of shareholder protest (the album was supposed to be released in July 1995 as a result of the controversy from Time Warner the release was delayed for three months). The album spawned two singles -- Let's Play House and New York New York featuring Nate Dogg and Snoop Dogg respectively.
 All The Falsest Hearts Can Try is the fourth full-length album by Centro-Matic.
 Devlin is a compilation album by American guitarist Tony Rice released on October 25 1990. It contains tracks included on Rice's previous albums Mar West and Still Inside. Both albums were credited to The Tony Rice Unit. The reissue does not include the songs Mar East Mister Diffenbach and Tzigani.
 Max Roach and the Boston Percussion Ensemble is a live album by American jazz drummer Max Roach featuring tracks recorded at the Music Inn in Lenox Massachusetts in 1958 and released on the EmArcy label.
 Bang! is the fifth album by Corey Hart released in 1990. It was his last album to chart in the U.S. reaching #134 and generated just one hit single A Little Love which reached #37. The track Ballade for Nien Cheng was inspired by Cheng's memoir Life and Death in Shanghai.Chase the Sun is a re-recorded version of a track from Hart's previous album Young Man Running.
 Sixth Sense is the fourth studio album released by the South Korean girl group Brown Eyed Girls. The album was released on 16 September 16 2011. The song with the same title was used as the promotional song. The song Hot Shot was released on September 16 as a teaser for the album. A repackaged version of the album was released on November 4. The repackaged album comes with a DVD a 40-pages photobook a calendar with 12 pages 4 autographed cards by the girls and a poster.
 Affliction is the first official full-length album by the industrial alternative rock band Econoline Crush. It was released in Canada in 1996 by EMI and in the United States by Nettwerk Records.
 And Everything Else... is the third solo album from Los Angeles underground hip hop producer Nobody. It was released on Plug Research in 2005.
 Kamikaze is the fourth studio album by Chicago rapper Twista which reached the top of the US Billboard 200 album charts in early 2004 based on the success of the lead single Slow Jamz. It was released on January 27 2004 & sold 312000 units first week. The album has received generally positive reviews from critics. It is Twista's first Platinum album and most successful to date.
 Radio Mali is an album by Ali Farka Touré consisting of remastered selections from several earlier albums originally recorded between 1975 and 1980.
 Directo En Tus Manos is the first live album released by Venezuelan singer-songwriter Carlos Baute. The album was released by Warner Music on September 8 2009. It was filmed on the live show Baute presented on the Palacio de Vistalegre in Madrid on June 25 2009. The show included guest appearances of Nek Pastora Soler Alex Ubago and Marta Sánchez.
 A Taste of DNA is an EP by the No Wave band DNA released in 1981 through American Clavé. It was to be the band's last album to be released before they disbanded the following year.
 Interpretations is a compilation album by The Carpenters released in February 1995 in both cassette tape and CD formats. Three of the songs on the album were previously unreleased; Without a Song From This Moment On and Tryin' to Get the Feeling Again. The album was released in order to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the duo's debut album Offering. A VHS of the same name was released several months later featuring footage from the duo's TV performances. It was later issued on DVD.
 Raisin' Cain is a 1980 album by Johnny Winter.
 Endgame is the twelfth studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth. It was released on September 9 2009 through Roadrunner Records (the second of three Megadeth albums on that label) and was produced by Dave Mustaine and Andy Sneap.
 The Killer In You: A Tribute to Smashing Pumpkins is a 2005 tribute album featuring a variety of artists covering songs from the American alternative rock band Smashing Pumpkins.
 Jūnigatsu no Love Songs ~Complete Box~ (December Love Songs ~Complete Box~) is a limited edition box set album released by Gackt on December 13 2006. It contains nine different versions of the previously released single Jūnigatsu no Love Song including the Chinese version duet with Leehom Wang and four new versions. The box set also contained an aromatherapy diffuser and gold & silver foil postcards of the CD covers.
 Stayin' Alive is an album consisting of previously unreleased songs from rapper J-Flexx which will be released on Death Row Records.
 Little Things Run The World is the 8th album by bassist Ben Allison. It was released on the Palmetto Records label in 2008.
 Solutions for a Small Planet is an album released by Haujobb on Off Beat records in 1996. It was released in the United States by the distributor Metropolis Records. It has been widely acclaimed because of its tendencies to transcend different electronic music genres.
 Rainbow Race is a 1973 album by Pete Seeger and was released on the Columbia Records label.
 As the World Bleeds is the third studio album by Christian progressive/power metal band Theocracy. It was released by Ulterium Records on November 21 2011 in North America November 25 2011 in Europe and April 25 2012 in Japan.
 Untitled is an EP by Los Angeles California rapper Hodgy Beats member of hip-hop collective Odd Future. It was released on February 24 2012. It is Hodgy Beats' first solo release since his 2009 debut mixtape The Dena Tape. Announced on February 20 2012 the EP was released on the 25th of the same month. The project features production by Juicy J The Alchemist and Flying Lotus.
 Muaré (pronounced moo-ah-REH) is an album by María Rivas.The name is a Spanish term which is originated from moiré is a proper title to define the intention of this album. For more over a decade María Rivas has been evolving in a parallel manner to the multiform styles of pop folk and jazz musics.
 Te Llegará Mi Olvido is the title of a studio album released by Mexican singer-songwriter Juan Gabriel with mariachi in 1977 and re-release in April 1992.
 The Name of the Rose is the second studio album released by the melodic hard rock band Ten. The album was released only about six months apart from the band's first album X since the songs were already written and recorded.
 The Logic of Chance is the second album by dan le sac vs Scroobius Pip released on 15 March 2010. The name of the album was taken from the title of a book by John Venn the inventor of the Venn Diagram.
 Wakedafucup is the sixth studio album by American hip hop group Onyx. However Onyx member Sonny Seeza does not appear on the album. It was released on March 18 2014 by Mad Money. The album is entirely produced by Snowgoons. The album features guest appearances from ASAP Ferg Sean Price Makem Pay Papoose Cormega Dope D.O.D. Snak the Ripper and Reks. It is their first album in 10 years.
 Star in the Hood EP Vol. 2 is the third extended play (EP) by recording artist Tinchy Stryder. It was released in July 2009 by Takeover Entertainment prior to the release of Stryder's second solo studio album Catch 22 which was released on 17 August 2009. The EP is the second of a two-part free downloadable EP. Its cover art is a photo with a tribute to Michael Jackson and was made during the Catch 22 promo shoot.
 Revolutions per Minute is the second album by American punk rock band Rise Against. It features the singles Like the Angel and Heaven Knows as well as a cover of Journey's Any Way You Want It. The album had a limited release on vinyl (217 of which were on red vinyl) which is now out of print.[citation needed] It was the band's last release under Fat Wreck Chords prior to their move to Geffen Records where they released Siren Song of the Counter Culture in 2004.
 Colonial Cousins is the debut album of Indian band Colonial Cousins which is formed by Indian duo composed of singer Hariharan and singer-composer Leslie Lewis. It was released on October 1 1996 under Magnasound Label.
 Courtesy and Good Will Toward Men is the second full-length album from the Athens Georgia-based rock band Harvey Milk.
 Defiant Order is the third studio album by French electronic turntable band Birdy Nam Nam. The album was released via Savoir Faire / SME France on 19 September 2011 and was re-released worldwide on 28 May 2013 through OWSLA. A four-part series of remix EPs were released weekly starting on 7 June 2013 including tracks from their 2012 mixtape Geto Bird.
 downhere is the first official album release under a major record label by Christian rock band downhere. It is only preceded by their 1st (and now out of print) independent album release. The album received the 2002 Covenant Award for Rock Album of the Year and the 2002 Juno Award for Best Gospel Album.
 Tear from The Red is the second full-length album by experimental hardcore band Poison the Well. It was released on February 19 2002 via Trustkill Records. Tear From The Red was originally planned to be 11 original songs and one cover song but the cover plan was ditched before recording.
 Solitude à deux is an album of the French singer Johnny Hallyday album.
 Nightmusic Volume 2 is an album produced by Steve Helstrip and featuring various trance and electronica artists.
 Route 666 is the second album by the all-female tribute band The Iron Maidens and the first under their Japanese label Powerslave Records. It is also the first release featuring guitarist Heather Baker (who replaced Elizabeth Schall and Josephine Soegijanty).
 Too Many Cowboys is the second double-album and first live album to be released by Dutch anarchist punk band The Ex.
 Snivilisation is the third album and the first named album by Orbital. It was released in 1994. Are We Here? features vocals by Alison Goldfrapp as does Sad But True. Are We Here? is also on Work 1989-2002.
 Nº5 on Tour is a double live album by French singer Mylène Farmer which documents her 2009 tour Mylène Farmer en tournée. It is her fifth live album and her 15th album overall. It was released on 7 December 2009 and it includes the standard set list that she sang during the indoor shows in France.
 The Accacha Chronicles is an operatic trilogy by Nicholas Lens (2005) for soprano tenor countertenor mezzo baritone bass male actor small choir mixed choir and chamber orchestra.
 Garde-moi la dernière danse is the eighth album by Dalida released in 1961. Several of the singles were hits.
 Lo de Antes is Hector & Tito's third studio album.
 Steady Nerves is a 1985 album by Graham Parker and The Shot.
 Squarepusher Plays... is a 12 vinyl record release by Squarepusher. Etching in the runout groove on side B: I cannot be arsed with toilet humour. Squarepusher Theme was originally released on Feed Me Weird Things via Rephlex Records and the other two tracks were released on the Japanese import of Feed Me Weird Things as bonus tracks.
 Resurgam is a studio album from American indie hip hop artist Alias. It was released on Anticon in 2008.The album features guest appearances from Yoni Wolf of Why? and The One AM Radio.
 Picasso is an album by the David Murray Octet released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1993 and features performances by Murray Rasul Siddik Hugh Ragin Craig Harris James Spaulding Dave Burrell Wilber Morris and Tani Tabbal.
 Soho Lights is the debut album by UK-based band TAT. The album was released on October 28 2008.
 Ghetto Blaster is the last full length album by the Red Aunts. It was released on April 21 1998 on Epitaph Records.
 Christmas Wonderland is an instrumental Christmas album by Bert Kaempfert and his orchestra from 1963. Originally released as Christmastide with Kaempfert it is his only album of Christmas music.
 To Prevent The Earth From Moving With You is the second album by Disagree. It was released on June 30 2009. It is a follow-up to their first effort At the End of the Day.
 Onyx is the fourth studio album of gothic/doom metal band Ava Inferi. It was released on Season of Mist in 2011.
 Olivia in Concert is a video released in 1983 of a concert by singer Olivia Newton-John. It premiered on HBO.
 Art Official Intelligence: Mosaic Thump is De La Soul's fifth full-length studio album released on August 8 2000.
 Cubism is a 2007 DVD release of Pet Shop Boys's Fundamental tour. Filmed on November 14 2006 at the Auditorio Nacional in Mexico. The DVD contains a short documentary a gallery and audio commentary as special features.
 Dits From The Commuter Belt is the name of the debut album by the Sheffield band Bromheads Jacket. The album was released on November 13th 2006 in the UK on the Marquis Cha Cha record label. It was leaked onto the Internet on November 10th.
 Cryptomnesia is the debut studio album by El Grupo Nuevo de Omar Rodriguez Lopez released on May 5 2009. The album is the first of three albums recorded by the band and is Rodriguez-Lopez' eleventh solo record overall. According to Rodriguez-Lopez the album was recorded in the summer of 2006 around the same time I did Old Money. It was a very very fun record to make. I made that record in five or six days.
 Für Dich Immer Noch Fanta Sie is the 2010 album by German hip hop band Die Fantastischen Vier.
 Full Force is a 1980 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago their second to appear on the ECM label. It features performances by Lester Bowie Joseph Jarman Roscoe Mitchell Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye.
 Outrage is an anarcho-punk EP by the band Oi Polloi. It was released in 1988.
 Louder Than the Dragon is a compilation album released by European music label Limb Music Productions in 2004. Labeled as The Essential of Limb Music Products LMP released it as a sort of Best Of album showcasing the best artists and songs under the label. It contains 28 different artists with one song each on two different discs plus three MPEG video clips.
 Shifting Through the Breakers is the second studio album released by Canadian singer and songwriter Morgan Finlay. It was released in 2007.
 Engla Tocyme (The Coming of the English) is the third studio album by the English pagan metal band Forefather. It was recorded from September to November 2001 and released in 2002 by Angelisc Enterprises. In 2004 Karmageddon Media re-released the album with two bonus tracks.
 The Quintessential One Bad Pig Vol. 1 a compilation album from the Christian punk band One Bad Pig. It contains songs from their previous albums.
 Contemplating the Engine Room is a punk rock opera by Minutemen veteran Mike Watt.
 La Tierra del Olvido (English: The Land of Oblivion) is the seventh album by Colombian singer/composer Carlos Vives. The album was released on July 25 1995 the album contained a split of vallenato covers as well as Vives' first foray into original compositions in the vallenato style. Two of his originals would be top-twenty singles (Pa' Mayté & La Tierra del Olvido) solidifying Vives' career as not only a bona fide songwriter but one of Colombia's biggest artists.
 1234 is a 1990 album by Propaganda. Michael Mertens was the only member remaining in the group from their previous album A Secret Wish though Suzanne Freytag made guest appearances on two tracks and the album included some songs co-written by Ralf Doerper prior to the breakup of the original group.Two singles from the album had major commercial success in the U.S.
 Straight Ahead is the eighth album by Christian music artist Amy Grant released in 1984. This was Grant's final album on Myrrh Records; she would later strike a record deal with A&M Records.[citation needed]Straight Ahead was the follow-up to Grant's ground-breaking 1982 album Age to Age. Containing songs that were more aggressive than the ones found on Age to Age Straight Ahead was not as commercially successful as its predecessor.
 The Golden Republic is the self-titled debut album by American rock band The Golden Republic released in the US by Astralwerks on February 8 2005 (see 2005 in music).
 B-Sides is a 4-song EP by the alternative rock/post-grunge music group Smile Empty Soul. The EP contains a cover of the song Possession by Sarah McLachlan.The song Who I Am was featured on the Spider-Man 2 soundtrack. The song Finding Myself was featured on The Punisher soundtrack.
 Song and Legend is the debut studio album by English gothic rock band Sex Gang Children. It was released in 1983 by record label Illuminated.
 Every Night is an album by Saturday Looks Good to Me. It was released on September 14 2004 on Polyvinyl.
 Holiday From You is the second major label release by the Milwaukee-based rock band The Gufs. The album peaked at #33 on the Billboard magazine Top Heatseekers chart. Holiday From You was re-released on Red Submarine Records with some alternate tracks and revamped artwork in 2006. The track Give Back Yourself features vocals by Rob Thomas. The 2006 reissued version features the Don Gilmore remixes of Last Goodbye and Give Back Yourself.
 Carry on Tradition is the second extended play by rapper Vinnie Paz released on October 29 2013. He released the first single God Bless on September 17.
 Thank God for Girls is the debut studio album from American rock and pop singer Benny Mardones released in 1978.
 Fanfare for the Warriors is a 1973 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago first released on the Atlantic label. It features performances by Lester Bowie Joseph Jarman Roscoe Mitchell Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye along with AACM leader Muhal Richard Abrams.
 39 Minutes of Bliss (In an Otherwise Meaningless World) first released in 2003 is a compilation album by the Swedish band Caesars created especially for the American and British markets. The name of the song Suzy Creamcheese comes from the artwork of the Frank Zappa album Freak Out!.
 Modjo is a 2001 self-titled only album by the French house/pop band Modjo. It includes the smash hit single Lady (Hear Me Tonight).Lady (Hear Me tonight) was also featured in the 2013 video game Grand Theft Auto V.
 Sa-Deuce is the self-titled first and only album by R&B group Sa-Deuce. It was released on March 26 1996 through East West Records. The album was not a success only making it to 79 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums nor was the album's lead single Don't Waste My Time which peaked at 42 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart.
 Surrounded By Criminals is the debut album released by the Ghetto Twiinz. It was released on December 5 1995 for Big Boy Records and featured music production from Leroy  Precise Edwards with music instruments performed by David D-Funk Faulk. Executive Producer: Charles Big Boy Temple. Mastered by: Brian Big Bass Gardner. The album found minor success making it to 37 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 48 on the Top Heatseekers Billboard Charts.
 Permanent is the second full-length studio album from hardcore punk band Count Me Out. It was released in April 2002 on Indecision Records. After a tour of Europe in early 2003 the band split making this their final album. As well as being released in CD format it was also released in limited edition colored vinyl quantities of 165 red 349 clear and 600 black.
 Meet the Flower Kings is the second live album by the progressive rock artists The Flower Kings. It was released in 2003 as a double-CD and also as a two-disc DVD concert video. A limited release book-case version of this includes both the 2-CD and 2-DVD sets together along with a booklet.The show was recorded at the Stadsteater Uppsala Sweden on 10 February 2003.
 Benny Golson's New York Scene is the debut album by saxophonist Benny Golson featuring performances recorded in late 1957 and originally released on the Contemporary label.
 The Rules of Hell is a collection of four albums by the heavy metal band Black Sabbath featuring Ronnie James Dio on vocals in remastered form. The albums included in the set are:1980 Heaven and Hell1981 Mob Rules1982 Live Evil (2 CDs)1992 DehumanizerThe boxed set was released on 22 July 2008 through Rhino.
 Wanderer on the Edge of Time is the ninth album from progressive/thrash metal band Mekong Delta released in June 2010.
 L'Équilibre is the second album recorded by French singer Emmanuel Moire. It was released on 13 April 2009. Three tracks from the album were released as singles - Adulte & Sexy Sans dire un mot & Promis
 Papa John Creach is Papa John Creach's first solo album. All the members of Jefferson Airplane also make appearances on the album along with members of the Grateful Dead Quicksilver Messenger Service Santana and Tower of Power.
 INXS: Live At Barker Hangar is a digital download only concert by the rock band INXS. The concert was recorded at the band's performance on 8 May 1993 at the Barker Hangar at Santa Monica Airport in Southern California. INXS performed to a crowd of nearly 4000; the concert had sold out in less than three minutes.Four different digital service providers offered the full album along with exclusive bonus material.
 Stealth is the ninth album by Scorn released on November 19 2007 through Ohm Resistance.
 No Anaesthesia! is the second album released by Finnish thrash metal band Stone released in 1989. It was remastered and re-issued in 2003 and again in 2009 when it was bundled with the preceding album in a 2 CD set.
 Virgin Box is a three disc Virgin compilation album and was released in November 2006.
 Circus is the second album of J-pop duo FictionJunction Yuuka. It was released on July 4 2007.This album includes their last four singles and their b-sides (with the exception of Yakusoku) the previously Tsubasa Chronicle Future Soundscape IV exclusive aikoi as well as four brand-new songs. There are two versions of this album: the normal edition (with catalog number VICL-62426) and the limited edition (with catalog number VIZL-235).
 Songs for the Young at Heart is a children's music album put together by Stuart A. Staples and Dave Boulter both from the band Tindersticks. It features a number of classic children's songs stories and nursery rhymes set to music and features vocals from a number of famous artists.Boulter states that the inspiration for the album came after the birth of his son when:I began thinking of songs and nursery rhymes from my own childhood to play to him.
 The Legacy Continues... is the second album by hardcore Australian hip hop crew Def Wish Cast released 14 years after their debut Knights of the Underground Table. The original members all returned except for DJ Vame. The turntables are managed by a number of different DJs including Geoff Blunted (of the Resin Dogs) DJ Bonez DJ Sing and their new full time member DJ Murda One.The Legacy Continues...
 Initial J: Jay Chou's Greatest Hits + Theme Songs from Initial D The Movie is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Jay Chou's first Japanese release greatest hits album. It was released on 31 August 2005 by Sony Music Japan. A Limited edition was also released on 31 August 2005 containing a bonus DVD with eight music videos.The track listing for the original release and the limited edition are arranged differently.
 All Things Possible is the seventh studio album by Christian Adult-Contemporary musician Mark Schultz. The album is the first with Columbia Records and Fair Trade Services. This album was released on September 4 2012 and the producers were Pete Kipley and Seth Mosley.
 Greatest Hits is the Debut album by Grime rapper Skepta released on 17 September 2007 by Boy Better Know Records. The album was produced by Skepta.
 Kinetic Faith is the fourth album by the American heavy metal band Bride released in 1991. This album was the band's first release on the Star Song label and started the band's hard rock era leaving straightforward metal behind and focusing on a more commercial sound. The band tasted success with the song Everybody Knows My Name which won them a GMA Dove Award and Sweet Louise was a Christian radio hit. The following album Snakes in the Playground would become a commercial success.
 Winterland: May 30th 1971 is an album by the rock group the Grateful Dead. As the name suggests it was recorded live at the Winterland Ballroom in San Francisco California on May 30 1971. The album includes most of the second set from that concert as well as the encore. It was produced only as a two-disc vinyl LP in a limited edition of 7500 copies and was released on November 23 2012 in conjunction with Record Store Day.
 Canción a Dios is the debut album of Christian singer Marcos Witt.
 State Hospital is an EP by Scottish indie rock band Frightened Rabbit released on 24 September 2012 on Atlantic Records. Produced by both Leo Abrahams and the band itself the EP includes the single State Hospital alongside four tracks written and recorded in contention for the band's fourth studio album Pedestrian Verse.The EP's final track Wedding Gloves is a collaboration with former Arab Strap vocalist Aidan Moffat.
 Raised on Radio is the ninth studio album (tenth overall) by the American rock band Journey released in May 1986 on the Columbia Records label.Following their two most successful albums lead singer Steve Perry began to take more control over the band's direction. First Ross Valory and Steve Smith were fired from the band against the wishes of manager Herbie Herbert.
 NYC 1978 is a reissue of the 1979 Ramones live album It's Alive. The album was released by King Biscuit Entertainment on August 19 2003 as part of the King Biscuit Flower Hour Archive Series.
 Now Is The Happiest Time Of Your Life is Daevid Allen's second solo studio album originally released in 1977 and re-released in a digitally remastered version in 2009.
 Lofty Fake Anagram is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton recorded in 1967 and released on the RCA label.
 Fuerza (In English: Strength) is the Latin Grammy nominated thirteen studio album released by Mexican singer Alejandra Guzmán. It was released on November 26 2007. The first single released was Soy Solo Un Secreto.
 Tennessee Stud is the title of a recording by American folk music and country blues artist Doc Watson released in 2003.
 Give Me The Night is a 1980 album by George Benson.
 Adopted as Holograph is the eponymous debut studio album by Adopted as Holograph. Recorded in 2011/2012 at Green Door Studios in Glasgow the album was released in January 2013.
 Vulnerable is an album by American recording artist Marvin Gaye.Recorded in sessions throughout 1977 the album was a decade in the making first being worked on in 1968 during sessions in New York with Bobby Scott. Reworked by Gaye a decade later the album was originally going to be released in 1979 under the title The Ballads but was shelved. Two decades later Motown released it under the title Vulnerable including seven songs from the sessions and three alternate cuts.
 Singles 1968–1971 is a box set compilation of singles by The Rolling Stones spanning the years 1968 to 1971.
 Pink Lemonade is the upcoming second studio album by Australian rock band Closure in Moscow to be released on 9 May 2014. The track The Church of the Technochrist has been released as a single late 2013.
 In Action (1987) is Menudo's 25th album (4th in English including two songs in Filipino the Philippine national language).It features Ricky Martin Raymond Acevedo Sergio Blass Ralphy Rodríguez and Rubén Gómez. The songs on this album are previous songs from various of their Spanish albums translated into English with the exception of That Situation with Lea Salonga plus two Tagalog songs.
 Between the Sheets is the debut studio album of British R&B group The 411. The album contains the hit singles On My Knees featuring Ghostface Killah Dumb and Teardrops. Following the release of the album the group was dropped from its record label after poor sales of the album. However the album was released internationally. The album was certified silver on 10 December 2004.
 Wavves is the debut studio album by the American band Wavves. It was originally released on cassette format in September before being re-released on LP/CD formats.
 Big Echo is second studio album released by The Morning Benders currently known as POP ETC in 2010. It was co-produced by Grizzly Bear bassist Chris Taylor.The opening song of the album Excuses is featured in the advertisement for the 2010 Sony Bravia 3D World and in a 2010 Reese's commercial.
 Union is the debut album of the American singer/songwriter Toni Childs. Released in 1988 the album peaked at #63 in the US (where it has since been certified Gold for sales of over 500000 copies). It also peaked at #1 in New Zealand where it was certified 5x Platinum (75000 copies sold).The album was recorded in London Paris and Swaziland.
 Avalancha (Spanish for Avalanche) is the fourth and final studio album released by Spanish rock band Héroes del Silencio in 1995. It's the only album in which guitarist Alan Bogulavsky plays as a full time member of the band. It is to date their last studio recorded album.
 The Felt Tip EP is an EP by Love Is All released by Smashing Time in 2005. It was limited to 500 copies.
 re-Foc is the first widely available album by Mexican guitar duo Rodrigo y Gabriela released in 2002. Some songs are re-recorded versions of those that appeared on Foc while others were written for this album.
 Autumn Aurora is the second album by Ukrainian black metal band Drudkh released in 2004.
 Voices in The Sky: The Best of The Moody Blues is a greatest hits compilation for The Moody Blues released in 1984. The title track is not included.
 Diary is the second album by American guitarist and composer Ralph Towner recorded in 1973 and released on the ECM label.
 Requiem is a dual-format DVD/CD live album release by Killing Joke documenting their performance of 8 August 2003 at the Lokerse Feesten in Lokeren Belgium. The album was released 22 September 2009.The liner notes in the release's booklet are adapted without credit from the main Wikipedia entry for Killing Joke.
 Panzer Division Marduk is the sixth studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was recorded and mixed at The Abyss in January 1999 and released in June 1999 by Osmose Productions. The theme of the album is war as Nightwing was blood and La Grande Danse Macabre (the band's next studio album) would be death forming a trilogy of Blood War and Death Marduk's vision of what black metal is unending grimness.
 Stand Up is the second studio album by guitarist Steve Morse released in 1985 through Elektra Records.
 Hardcore Breakout USA Volume 123... is an internationally distributed compilation album that collects Volumes 12 and 3 of Hardcore Breakout USA series. It features American and UK artists mostly that are on New Red Archives records. Volume 1 was originally released in 1990 as a double LP and cassette but was then subsequently also released as a CD. The New Red Archives pressing of the album was issued as a single LP in 1990.
 Ximena Sariñana is the eponymous second studio album released by Mexican singer Ximena Sariñana. After the success of Mediocre with sales of more than 100000 copies in Mexico Warner Music Group producers proposed that Ximena Sariñana record a second album. The album contains ten songs in English and one in Spanish the latter produced by Natalia Lafourcade.
 The Silent Whales of Lunar Sea is the fifth full-length studio album by British folk metal group Skyclad. Its title is a homophonic pun: when said aloud in a non-rhotic accent (such as British or Australian accents) it sounds identical to The Silent Wails of Lunacy.
 Imp Years is an EP by The Spinanes released on April 10 2000.
 Illusions of Evil is a demo album by the Norwegian black metal band Susperia. This is the only album on which Susperia uses synthesizers played by Dimmu Borgir's keyboard player Mustis.
 Death by Sexy is the title of the second album by the American rock group Eagles of Death Metal. It was rumoured to be released in summer 2005 but was pushed back to April 11 2006.The album cover of Death by Sexy has elements similar to the covers of The Rolling Stones' 1971 album Sticky Fingers Mötley Crüe's 1981 album Too Fast For Love and Loverboy's 1981 album Get Lucky.
 Ruby Red is the third studio album from American musician The Love Language. It was released in July 2013 under Merge Records.
 Grab It for a Second is an album by Dutch rock band Golden Earring released in 1978.
 Shake It... is Australian band Endorphin's fifth studio album released in late 2004.
 Need ei vaata tagasi... (These won't look back...) is a 5-CD compilation by Estonian rock band Ruja. The purpose of this project was to release the whole of Ruja's works although many songs are absent from the compilation.Osa 1 (Part 1) contains the first 2 CD-s. It is followed by Need ei vaata tagasi... Osa 2.
 Fair Use: The Story of the Letter U and the Numeral 2 is a 270 page book and ten track CD released in 1995 by Negativland detailing their lawsuits with U2's record label Island Records for their EP U2 including many legal documents and correspondences.
 Violence is the third album by the Washington D.C.-based alternative metal band Nothingface. The album was released on September 5 2000 via TVT Records.
 WOW Gospel 2000 is a gospel music compilation album in the WOW series. Released February 8 2000 it features thirty-two songs on a double disc set. The album hit number 93 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2000 and number one on the Top Gospel Albums chart making it the first gospel album to peak on that respective chart.In 2001 the album was certified as platinum in the US by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 Dawg '90 is an all-instrumental album by American musician David Grisman recorded with his group David Grisman Quintet in 1990. It is the first album released by Grisman's own label Acoustic Disc. In his Allmusic review Ken Dryden stated: Grisman's fascinating blend of elements of jazz gypsy music and bluegrass with additional influences help all ten compositions remain fresh after numerous hearings. The album was the first album for which Grisman received a Grammy nomination.
 Live in Bucharest: The Dangerous Tour is a live concert DVD by American recording artist Michael Jackson released on July 25 2005. The DVD was previously included with The Ultimate Collection box set in 2004. The concert took place during Jackson's first leg on his Dangerous World Tour on October 1 1992 at the Bucharest National Stadium with a sold-out attendance of 70000.
 Rocket House is the seventh album by singer-songwriter and guitarist Chris Whitley. It is his sixth studio album.It was produced by Tony Mangurian and recorded primarily at Soho Music Studios in New York City. It was mixed by Tony Mangurian and Danny Madorsky at Greene St. Recording.Additional recording was done at Little Henri Studio in New York City Dok Noord in Ghent Belgium and by Scott Campbell in Los Angeles California.
 P.O.A.: Pop on Arrival is the 5th album released by Japanese band Beat Crusaders and the 1st full-length album released under the DefSTAR Records Label. It was released May 11 2005. Upon its release there were two versions available the Original Version and Limited Edition (初回生産限定盤; The first production limited board). The Original features 14 tracks while the Limited Edition includes Bonus Tracks Get Up! Get Up! and Say Good-Night which differentiate the order of tracks on either CD.
 ISM is the sixth album by Norwegian electronic dance music producer Aleksander Vinter and his fourth under the alias Savant. It was released on 9 September 2012.
 Into the Light  is the debut album by Linda Andrews winner of the second season of the Danish version of the X-Factor. It was released on June 16 2009.
 A Luta Continua is a studio album by Big Youth that was released in 1986.
 Plastic Planet is an album by GZR (known at the time as g//z/r) a Heavy metal band featuring Geezer Butler of Black Sabbath. The album features Fear Factory vocalist Burton C. Bell.
 No Parlez is the debut solo album by the British singer Paul Young. Released in 1983 it reached number one on the UK Albums Chart (for a non-consecutive total of 5 weeks) and remained in the UK Top 100 for 119 weeks.
 Seven Years: 1998–2005 is a compilation album released by ATB in 2005. It contains all singles of ATB and six new tracks.Three of the new tracks were released as singles: Humanity with vocals by Tiff Lacey a reworked version of Let U Go with vocals by Jan Löchel and Believe in Me with Löchel on guitar and vocals.There is also a bonus DVD which includes all videos a film documenting the Making of I Don't Wanna Stop and interviews.
 I Eye Aye is a live album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Rahsaan Roland Kirk featuring performances by Kirk recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1972 with Ron Burton Henry Pete Pearson Robert Shy and Joe Habad Texidor first released on the Rhino label in 1996.The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states The set is absolutely electrifying. From the few short raps Kirk offers the crowd one cannot be prepared for the honking shouting funky gritty sets that follow...
 Rockwell is the debut solo album by Anni Rossi released on March 9 2009 via 4AD records. It was recorded by Steve Albini at Electrical Audio in Illinois.
 The Ascent is the debut album from the post hardcore band Secrets. It was released January 16 2012. The album debuted at number 3 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart as well as the Billboard 200 at number 185. It is the only release to include original vocalist Xander Bourgeois before his departure in 2013.
 Forensix is an album by the death metal band Desecration. It was their first album to be released on Metal Age Productions and to include Andi Morris on bass guitar.
 Rare Paul Gonsalves Sextet in Europe is an album recorded in 1963 by Paul Gonsalves.
 Cigarettes and Valentines was an unreleased studio album from punk rock band Green Day that would have been the proper follow-up to 2000's Warning. In the summer of 2003 the album was nearly finished when the master recordings of 20 tracks were stolen from the studio. Instead of re-recording the album the band decided to start from scratch leading to the creation of American Idiot.
 Ladybird Sideshow Live at the Orange Lounge is a live album of the Ladybird Sideshow. The album was recorded at the Orange Lounge in Toronto on September 25th & 26th 2004 in front of a live audience.
 Defending the Throne of Evil is the fourth studio album by the Norwegian black metal band Carpathian Forest. It was released on September 23 2003 by Season of Mist.
 Alcatraz is the ninth album by the Berkeley California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience released in 1999 by Lookout! Records. It was the band's last album to include bassist Joel Reader who left the group after its release.
 Wings of Love is a 1976 album by The Temptations for the Gordy (Motown) label. The album was an unsuccessful release both commercially and critically. Wings of Love's only single Up the Creek (Without a Paddle) was co-written by Sly Stone the inspiration for many of the Temptations' late 1960s/early 1970s psychedelic soul records; because of tax reasons he could not take a publishing credit on the song.
 Flying Colors is the sixth studio album by the Canadian rock band Trooper released in 1979. The album contained the hits 3 Dressed Up as a Nine Good Clean Fun and Janine the latter of which became the band's highest charting single in their career history. The album would reach double-platinum certification in Canada.
 Chagall Guevara is the title of the only full length album by the band Chagall Guevara released in 1991 on MCA Records.
 Insane is the third album by the Swedish Heavy Metal band Syron Vanes released in 2003. It was produced by Anders Hahne.
 Scenes is the second studio album by guitarist Marty Friedman released on November 17 1992 through Shrapnel Records (United States) and Roadrunner Records (Europe). It is a notable stylistic departure from Friedman's previous album Dragon's Kiss (1988) as well as his heavier work with Cacophony and Megadeth in that it predominantly features mellow clean-tone playing instead of his usual distortion. The final track Triumph is a remake of Thunder March from Dragon's Kiss.
 Stress is an album by Daddy Freddy.
 Ten More Turnips From The Tip is the final album by Ian Dury and the Blockheads. It was compiled and released in 2002 two years after the singer's death from cancer in March 2000.
 Indianola is the third studio album by American country music artist Steve Azar. His first studio album since Waitin' on Joe from six years previous it was initially to have been released in April 2006 on Midas Records Nashville the same year that its lead-off single You Don't Know a Thing charted at #49 on the Billboard country charts. The album was not released until May 2008 on Azar's own Dang Records label.
 Und Die Scheiße Ändert Sich Immer (German for And the Shit Is Always Changing) is the second album by Big Sir which includes The Mars Volta bassist Juan Alderete and Lisa Papineau of Air and M83.
 Imagine is the third album (sixth overall) by American singer Eva Cassidy. Released in 2002 six years after her death it was her second UK no. 1 album.
 Live to Worship is a Christian worship music album by Lincoln Brewster released on May 17 2000 by Vertical Music.
 Yes: Live in Philadelphia is the video release of a concert by the progressive rock group Yes recorded live at the Philadelphia Spectrum on June 21 1979. The concert is performed in the round with a rotating stage in the centre of the venue. The concert was part of the summer leg of their 1978-1979 tour to support the album Tormato.
 Finder of Lost Loves is an out of print album recorded by Dionne Warwick her sixth for the Arista label. It was recorded during 1984 and was released in early 1985. The album peaked at #106 on Billboard's album chart. The LP was originally issued as number AL8-8262 in the Arista Catalog. In some non-U.S.A. territories including the U.K. and Australia the album was released under the title Without Your Love.
 Landed is the band Can's seventh studio album released in 1975. It is said to be the beginning of their poppier less experimental era.The album has been described as the band's attempt at glam rock and the upbeat nature of most of the tracks do give the album this feel. The last and longest track on the album however Unfinished still has much more of an ambient feel similar to that found on earlier albums such as Future Days and Soon Over Babaluma.
 Heisei Fūzoku (平成風俗 Heisei Customs) (English title: Japanese Manners) is a studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Ringo Sheena and conductor/ Violinist Neko Saitō released on February 21 2007. The vinyl record version and the DVD Daiginjou were released on April 25 2007.
 Loser Anthems: B-Sides and Rarities (normally referred to simply as Loser Anthems) was a 2001 EP release by the now-defunct Matthew Good Band. Tracks 1-4 are outtakes from the Beautiful Midnight demo sessions and tracks 5-7 were recorded and mixed at the Warehouse studio in Vancouver British Columbia.
 Fredericks Goldman Jones is a 1990 album recorded by the trio Fredericks Goldman Jones. It was the trio's first studio album and was recorded at the studios ICP and Guillaume Tell in Paris. The album was released on 28 November 1990 and spawned six singles which achieved success in France : Nuit (#6) À nos actes manqués (#2) Né en 17 à Leidenstadt (#11) C'est pas l'amour (#11) Un deux trois (#8) and Tu manques (#12).
 At the Half Note Cafe is a live album by American trumpeter Donald Byrd recorded in 1960 at the Half Note in Manhattan and released on the Blue Note label originally as two single LP issues (BLP 4060 and BLP 4061) and reissued as a double CD set.
 This Will Be Our Little Secret EP was self-released and is the first overall official release. It was recorded mixed and mastered at Echo Room Productions located in Uxbridge Massachusetts in July 2005 by Ian van Opijnen of The Breathing Process. There were no more than 200 original copies ever pressed and printed. The remaining survived today is only imaginable. All artwork was done by guitarist Nicholas Lambert.
 Horror Stories is the debut album released by garage punk band Dwarves. It was released in June 1986 on the Voxx label in the US and was stylistically similar to their earlier Sonics/Frank Zappa-inspired output under the name The Suburban Nightmare.The album was issued on compact disc in the UK in 1990 and again in 1992.
 Mnemesis is the fifth album by Danish metal band Mnemic. This is the first album to feature new members Simone Bertozzi (bass) Victor-Ray Salomonsen (guitar) and Brian Larsen (drums) leaving guitarist Mircea Gabriel Eftemie the sole original member.
 Give It is the eighteenth album from Arthur Loves Plastic and was released in 2009.
 Historia de Una Reina (English History of a queen) is a compilation album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel. It was released on 2005. It was nominated to Latin Greatest Hits Album Of The Year in the Latin Billboard Music Awards of 2006 but lost to Marco Antonio Solís La Historia Continúa... Parte II.
 Jerusalem is the first album by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem. The Swedish version was released in 1978 on Prim Records. The English version (renamed Volume 1) was released in 1980 on Lamb & Lion Records in the United States and on Word Records in the UK.
 Live From Nowhere Volume 4 is a live album by Over the Rhine released in 2009 containing highlights from the band's 2008 shows. The CD is a limited edition and comes in a fold-out digipak.
 Intimacy: Album III is the third studio album from R&B artist Kem. It was released on August 17 2010 on Motown Records. This is his first album in 5 years releasing 2 albums on Motown and his only release on Universal Motown records following the dissolution of the label. The first single Why Would You Stay has received a great amount of airplay peaking at number 17 and 14 on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip Hop Songs and Heatseekers charts respectively.
 Vocal Studies + Uprock Narratives is a 2001 album by Prefuse 73. The song Smile in Your Face is missing on the vinyl edition.The album features vocals from rappers Mikah 9 (formerly of the hip-hop group Freestyle Fellowship) Aesop Rock and MF DOOM. It also features Sam Prekop from indie rock band The Sea and Cake.
 Gang Banged With a Headache and Live is a recently unsurfaced authorized bootleg from math rock pioneers Don Caballero. Recorded November 6 2003 at The Empty Bottle in Chicago Gang Banged captures Don Cab's musicianship in live fashion.Featuring the lineup of Gene Doyle Jeff Ellsworth Jason Jouver Damon Che the band performs material spanning from 1993's For Respect (Touch & Go) to songs that would end up on 2006's World Class Listening Problem (Relapse Records).
 Judy Collins Sings Leonard Cohen: Democracy is an album by Judy Collins released in 2004. It collected songs written by Leonard Cohen (or in the case of Song of Bernadette co-written with Jennifer Warnes and Bill Elliott) from Collins' previous albums as well as four previously unreleased recordings.
 Love Monster is an EP released by the band Monster Magnet although all songs on the album were recorded by the lead singer Dave Wyndorf in 1988 a year before the band was formed. Only 3000 copies of Love Monster were released making it Monster Magnet's rarest material.
 The New Order is the second album by American Thrash metal band Testament released on May 10 1988.
 The Soul Man! is an album by American jazz pianist Bobby Timmons recorded in 1966 and released on the Prestige Records.
 Double Live Annihilation is the second official live album by the band Annihilator released in 2003.
 Poetics is the sixth studio album by the Mexican alternative rock band Panda following Sinfonía Soledad and preceding Bonanza.
 Symptomatic is the second studio album composed and performed by Belgian group Airlock.
 Cold Cuts is an unreleased album of outtakes by Paul McCartney. The album was originally planned as a budget release in late 1974 composed of non-album singles and previously unreleased tracks. The album wasn't released but McCartney revisited the project several times over the years. In January 1981 McCartney and Wings recorded additional overdubs for the unreleased tracks with the album titled Hot Hitz and Kold Kutz slated for release in early 1981.
 Magik is the title given to a trance mix-compilation series by Tiësto. The series which has had seven installments starting in 1997 and ending in 2001 has been released by Tiësto on Black Hole Recordings. Tiësto released his own Artist Profile Series DJ Mix in 2000 with Magik Four: A New Adventure; Black Hole CD 07 is the only CD which is also released in the Artist Profile Series after the four first Magik CDs were re-released in 2000 with new artwork.
 Athletica is a 1997 EP by Takako Minekawa.
 Animal Boy is the ninth studio album by the American punk band the Ramones.
 Violence Has Arrived is the 2001 album by the band Gwar. It was released on November 6 2001. According to an interview with Dave Brockie it was supposed to be released on Sept. 11 2001 but Metal Blade wouldn't release it until November. What actually happened (according to Slave Pit Inc.) was that it wasn't finished (according to other official sources they didn't even start recording the album until July and the Dave Brockie Experience had a tour in September).
 Let It Burn is an LP by Canadian dubstep producer and artist Troy Beetles better known as Datsik. It was released on September 24 2013 in the United States through his own label Firepower Records. It is the sequel release to the Cold Blooded EP which was released on January 22 2013.A remix EP for the track Hold It Down (featuring Georgia Murray) was released on April 15 2014. It is Datsik's second remix EP after Release Me which was released on May 21 2013.
 Sound Off is the second studio album released by the American Christian tween pop girl group The Rubyz. Similar to other iShine artists Sound Off features 10 tracks 5 original and 5 sing-along. It is the first album featuring The Rubyz as a duo rather than a trio.
 A Good Ground is the second LP released by Oxford Collapse. It was originally released on Kanine Records but has since been made available by Sub Pop.
 The Century of Self is the sixth album by ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead.
 4 Way Street is the third album by Crosby Stills & Nash their second as Crosby Stills Nash & Young and their first live album. It was originally released as Atlantic Records SD-2-902 shipping as a gold record and peaking at #1 on the Billboard 200.
 Tokyo Star is Miliyah Kato's third studio album. It was released on April 2 2008 and has since become her second best selling album peaking in its second week at #4. It produced four singles My Girl Love Is... Lalala / Futurechecka and 19 Memories.
 Deal with the Devil is the fifth studio album by the American heavy metal band Lizzy Borden released in 2000 (see 2000 in music).A return to form featuring a cover by Todd McFarlane.Two covers were recorded. (This Ain't) The Summer Of Love is originally by Blue Öyster Cult and Generation Landslide by Alice Cooper.The Japanese version includes a cover of Scorpions' We'll Burn the Sky as a bonus track.
 Come On Get Happy!: The Very Best of The Partridge Family was a greatest hits compilation from The Partridge Family released on May 3 2005 in conjunction with the first season DVD collection. It contained some previously unreleased songs. During the course of the television series there were a number of recordings that were used on the program but never released on album or tape in stereo. Some were alternate mixes of released songs.
 Era Renifera is second studio album by Polish singer Reni Jusis. Musically it's a mixture of many genres just like Jusis previous record Zakręcona. Elements of reggae can also be heard. Two covers were recorded: Lech Janerka's Konstytucje and 10 CC'sDreadlock holiday.Era Renifera was nominated to Pop Album of The Year (Album Roku Pop) and Video of the Year (Teledysk Roku) W głowie woda on Fryderyki Awards.
 Blue Sky Mining is an album by Australian rock band Midnight Oil which was released on 25 February 1990 under the Columbia Records label. It received high ratings from critics. In March the album peaked at number one on the ARIA Albums Chart for two weeks. A limited release of the record featured clear blue vinyl. The lead single Blue Sky Mine reached #1 on Modern Rock Tracks.
 Siberia is the tenth studio album by Echo & the Bunnymen. It garnered generally positive reviews with some commentators calling it their best work since Ocean Rain despite it being the first to not reach the UK Top 75.The track Of a Life is noteworthy because the chorus has the line I want a song to learn and sing/of a life requited which name-checks their 1985 compilation album Songs to Learn and Sing.
 One by One is an album by American soul music group The Impressions released in 1965. It consists mostly of cover songs with only a few originals.
 Strange Cargo is the third studio album by American electronica musician & percussionist David Van Tieghem released in 1989. Strange Cargo's music has been described as more diverse by mixing funk jazz Asian music and progressive electronic styles producing structured melodies and weird sounds with numerous background effects.
 Destroyer of Worlds is the tenth studio album by Swedish extreme metal band Bathory. It was released on 9 October 2001 through Black Mark Productions.
 Broken Glass is the fourth album by Crowbar released on October 29 1996.
 Ride Ride Ride is the debut studio album by American country artist Lynn Anderson. The album was released in March 1967 on Chart Records and was produced by Slim Williamson. The album spawned Anderson's four debut singles for the Chart label as well as her first Top 10 hit on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart If I Kiss You (Will You Go Away).
 Word on tha Streets is the third album from Skatterman & Snug Brim a rap duo from Kansas City Missouri.On July 22 a music video for the song Ups And Downs was released on the internet via video site YouTube.
 The Enemy Inside is the second album by Arctic Plateau released in 2012 by Prophecy Records. The Artwork was done by Fursy Teyssier from Les Discrets.
 Beachcomber's Windowsill is the debut album by Stornoway. The title is that of an early unreleased song by the band. It was released in 24 May 2010 on the 4AD label. It entered the UK Album Chart at number 14 and received silver certification for sales in the UK (silver certification is awarded for the sales of 60000).
 The Treacherous Three is the first studio album by the hip hop group Treacherous Three released in 1984 through Sugar Hill Records and MCA Records. A second album Old School Flava was released a decade later.
 Paintin' the Town Brown was the first Ween live album released by Elektra Records on June 22 1999.Paintin' the Town Brown serves as a live retrospective for the group a 2 CD set containing songs from Ween's very first live shows (which were simply Dean Gene and a DAT deck) to Ween's tour in support of The Mollusk (though no songs from that particular album are featured).
 Demos is the first full-length album by Alkaline Trio singer/guitarist Matt Skiba. It is composed of demos that Skiba has recorded into his computer. Skiba released the project on Asian Man Records which was Alkaline Trio's label for their first two full-length albums Goddamnit and Maybe I'll Catch Fire.
 Chasin' Wild Trains is a studio album by Kim Carnes released in 2004. It was Carnes' first full-length album since 1991's Checkin' Out the Ghosts and her first to be released both in the U.S. and internationally since 1988's View from the House. Chasin' Wild Trains was originally released by the Sparky Dawg Music label in the U.S. and later re-issued internationally by Dutch label Corazong with two bonus tracks. The album did not chart however.
 Monotheist is the sixth and according to band members final studio album by the Swiss heavy metal band Celtic Frost. The album was released in May 2006 and was the first new recording released by the band for fourteen years.
 No Sick Days is the upcoming 9th studio album by rapper Lil Wyte. It is the second album released by him in 2014.
 The Walking Dead is an EP by Saint Vitus released in 1985 by SST Records. This is the last release to feature original singer Scott Reagers until Die Healing (1995). This EP was released on 12 vinyl in 1985 but not released on CD until 2010 (in combination with the band's 1985 LP Hallow's Victim.)
 Standfast is the self-titled debut album by Standfast released 10 July 2001.
 Man-Amplified is the fifth album by Clock DVA released in 1991 through Contempo Records.
 The Other Side of Absolute Ego also stylized as the other side of absolute ego is a remix album of selected songs from ACO's fourth studio album Absolute Ego.
 Freaked! is a tribute album to the DC Talk album Jesus Freak. It features artists from Gotee singing most of the songs on the original album. The last track from Jesus Freak is omitted as it was a poem by Kevin Max.
 Longe it was the third album of the Portuguese band Pólo Norte. It was published in 1999 and its producer was Jony Galvão. The great hits were: Vou p´ra Longe e Como uma onda.
 For other uses see Luna Park (disambiguation).Lunapark was the debut album by New York rock band Luna. As the first musical outing of Dean Wareham since the disbanding of Galaxie 500 Lunapark set forth the new musical directions of Wareham and embraced a musical sound that would continue to evolve throughout Luna's tenure. Originally recorded as a three-piece Luna did not add guitarist Sean Eden to the lineup until 1993's Slide EP.
 Du chant à la une!... is the first album by French musician Serge Gainsbourg released 1958. This was the debut album for Gainsbourg released on a 10 vinyl.
 When I Was Born for the 7th Time is a 1997 album by Cornershop.In 2000 Q magazine placed it at number 68 in its list of the 100 Greatest British Albums Ever.Featured on the album is the international hit single Brimful of Asha. The song Candyman was used in a Nike commercial featuring LeBron James.
 America's Funnyman is a 1996 album by alternative comedian Neil Hamburger. It was released by Drag City on September 2 1996.
 Throwing Muses is the 1986 debut album of the band Throwing Muses released on 4AD. This was the first album by an American band to be released on 4AD which had concentrated primarily on British-based acts up to this point. This release marks a shift in the label's direction; a year later 4AD would sign Pixies based in part on the band's connection to the Muses and by the mid-1990s much of the label's roster was made up of American bands.
 We Have Cause to Be Uneasy is the first and final full-length album by American indie rock band Wild Sweet Orange and was released on July 29 2008 available on CD Vinyl and via iTunes. Canvasback Music's website posted the track listing of the album We Have Cause to Be Uneasy is the title of the fifth chapter in C.S. Lewis' book Mere Christianity.
 All or Nothing is the second studio album by English trio The Subways and was released on 30 June 2008. Recorded in Conway Studios in Los Angeles by producer Butch Vig the album was preceded by the release of two singles: Girls & Boys released 27 March 2008 and available as a free download and Alright released 16 June 2008.
 The Michael Nyman Songbook is a collection of art songs by Michael Nyman based on texts by Paul Celan Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart William Shakespeare and Arthur Rimbaud. It was recorded as an album with Ute Lemper in 1991 and again as a concert film in 1992 under the direction of Volker Schlöndorff again with Ute Lemper though many of the musicians had changed. The songs have been recorded by others and as instrumentals and are published by Chester Music.
 Phobos was the ninth album released by Canadian thrash metal/progressive metal band Voivod. It was released on Slipdisc/Hypnotic Records in 1997. It is also the second and last album to feature bassist and vocalist Eric Forrest.
 Beni is the debut album of artist Beni Arashiro released on February 9 2005. The album is available in 2 different versions CD+DVD and CD-only. The CD+DVD version was a limited edition this version is sold out. There were a total of 4 singles released before the release of this album.The album charted on the #14 spot on the Oricon ranking and sold 12776 copies in its first week.
 Act I is the first live album released by the Finnish former Nightwish soprano Tarja Turunen. The two concerts were recorded and filmed with 10 HD cameras at the El Círculo Theatre in Rosario Argentina in March 2012 and released on CD DVD and Blu-ray on the 24th of August 2012.
 Son Rize Vol.1 is a posthumous album by rapper Yaki Kadafi of Outlawz released in 2004.
 Home to Roost is a compilation album by British rock band Atomic Rooster. It is made up of material from their first three studio albums.It has been issued on at least three separate occasions. The first time was in 1977 as a double LP on the Mooncrest label. In 1986 it was reissued with a new sleeve design on the Raw Power (Castle Communications) label. This time the two LPs were accompanied by a 12 track CD release which was Atomic Rooster's first in that format.
 Sleepless Nights is the fifteenth album by American country music artist Patty Loveless. The album was released on September 9 2008 (see 2008 in country music). Her first album for the Sagauaro Road Records label it is also her first studio album since Dreamin' My Dreams in 2005. Sleepless Nights comprises cover versions of traditional classic country music songs.
 Anotha Day Anotha Balla is the first and only album by South Circle released on July 18 1995 through Suave House Records. The entire album was produced by Suave House's production team Smoke One Productions.The album was met with some success on the Billboard charts peaking at 63 on the Billboard 200 and 8 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Two singles were released New Day and Attitudes but neither made it to the Billboard charts.
 Mr. Lemons is the third full-length album by singer/songwriter Glen Phillips. It was released in May 2006 and features a cover of the Huey Lewis and the News hit I Want a New Drug.To promote the album the first 1700 pre-orders from the Aware Records online store were autographed by Phillips. Artwork for the album was done by Phillips' wife Laurel.
 The Hardest Town (2009) is the follow-up to 2006's And Then It Got Ugly by Rhino Bucket. It is their second album to feature Simon Wright (formerly of AC/DC) as drummer. The band played over 100 shows in support of the album in 31 states and 15 countries.
 Through Thick and Thin is the second full length album by San Diego punk band Dogwood.
 Any Man in America is the sixth studio album and ninth album overall by alternative rock band Blue October. The album was recorded at Matchbox Studios in Austin Texas between Summer of 2010 and March 2011 and was released August 16 2011 by Justin Furstenfeld's Up/Down Records and distributed through RED Distribution.
 Our Ways Back To Chaos is the first EP by the Argentinian band Turpentine (band). It was released on July 2005 and is available online as well as commercially just like their second EP Honey Births A Salt Troupe.
 The Weightless EP is the first release under the name Stillman by singer-songwriter Chaz Craik.
 Commodore Rock is the second EP by English electronic band Ladytron. It was released in June 2000 by Invicta Hi-Fi Records (UK) and Emperor Norton (US) on CD and 12 formats. A 10 vinyl special edition was released by French label Tricadel in the same year. This edition included Ladytron's debut single He Took Her To a Movie remixed by Tricadel's owner Bertrand Burgalat and the instrumental Olivetti Jerk.Playgirl was sung by Helen Marnie.
 Cult is Apocalyptica's third album released in 2000 with a special-edition released in 2001 containing an extra disc. This album also saw a small trend starting in their single releases as both Hope and Path have second versions called Path Vol. 2 and Hope Vol. 2 with lyrics sung by Sandra Nasić and Matthias Sayer respectively. Here Apocalyptica also started using distortion effects much more boldly and frequently. There are some versions of the first release with Path Vol.
 Crazy Itch Radio is the fourth studio album by British electronic dance music duo Basement Jaxx. The album features Linda Lewis and Swedish popstar Robin Carlsson (Robyn) among the guest vocalists.
 Resonance Volume 2 is a compilation album by the British rock band Anathema. It was released in 2002 as a follow-up to 2001's Resonance.
 Like in Love! is the debut album by the American vocalist Nancy Wilson it was released in April 1960 by Capitol Records and arranged by Billy May.
 Soul of Things is an album by Polish jazz trumpeter and composer Tomasz Stańko recorded in 2001 and released on the ECM label.
 Instrumentals Vol. 1 is an instrumental album compiled by American hip hop musician Necro released on September 19 2001 by Psycho+Logical-Records. It features 18 digitally remastered instrumental versions of tracks by Necro Non Phixion Al Tariq Ill Bill and Cage all of which were produced by Necro. It is the first installment of the Instrumentals album collection.
 Top of the World is an album by Jimmy Sturr released through Rounder Records in 2002. In 2003 the album won Sturr the Grammy Award for Best Polka Album.
 Live At Manchester Apollo is a limited-edition 7digital download-only EP released on 10 October 2008 by British indie rock band The Courteeners. The EP was recorded live at the Manchester Apollo on 9 October 2008.
 Lilies was the last album prior to a nine year hiatus for Arovane ending in 2013 with the release of Ve Palor.
 Heartache Is Boring is the debut album by singer / songwriter Ainjel Emme released in October 2003 (see 2003 in music).
 Spalam się (Polish I'm burning up) is debut album of Polish musician Kazik first hip hop style album in Polish rock music history.[citation needed]
 Allboom is the second studio album of Montenegrin hip hop group Monteniggers which was released in 1998.
 River'esque is the ninth studio album by Weddings Parties Anything and the first on their new record label Mushroom Records it was released October 21 1997.
 Fire Up the Blades is the third studio album by Canadian heavy metal band 3 Inches of Blood. It was released on 26 June 2007 by Roadrunner Records and is the band's final release through the label. The band confirmed in February 2006 that they had begun to write new material and by then had about four songs prepared to appear on the forthcoming album.
 Two Hours Traffic is the self-titled debut album by Two Hours Traffic a Canadian indie rock power-pop band from Charlottetown Prince Edward Island. It was nominated for Rock Recording of the Year at the 2006 East Coast Music Awards. Although their music video for Better Sorry than Safe was in rotation on MuchMusic in late 2005 it was not until April 2006 that the band had a boost in their profile—that was when Limelight was used in an episode of The O.C.
 Andy Williams Sings Steve Allen is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released late in 1956 by Cadence Records. This was his first LP and features songs written or co-written by then-Tonight Show host Steve Allen.
 Schrei is the debut album by the German band Tokio Hotel. In 2006 they released a partly re-recorded and expanded version Schrei - so laut du kannst. The album was only released in Germany Italy France Canada and Japan.
 It's All Good is the ninth album released by MC Breed. It was released on February 9 1999 for Power Records distributed by Roadrunner Records and was produced by MC Breed and Ricco Lumpkins. After seven years with Wrap Records this MC Breed's first album with Power Records. Breed returned to the Billboard 200 with this album as the album peaked at #180 on the chart as well as #41 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Cut to the Quick is an EP by Redgum.It was originally released as a record and has never been re-released on CD. Working Girls was later released on Frontline Fabulon The Diamantina Drover and Where Ya Gonna Run To were included on 1983's Caught in the Act. Where Ya Gonna Run To was also included on Brown Rice and Kerosine.More recently in 2004 Fabulon and The Diamantina Drover were included on the Redgum anthology Against the Grain
 With Love is the thirteenth studio album by French singer Amanda Lear released on October 16 2006 by Dance Street.
 Heart of Cash is the 29th overall album released by country singer Johnny Cash in 1968 (see 1968 in music). In essence it is a compilation album though a handful of new recordings were included. Three songs from the album became moderately successful singles while a version of Girl in Saskatoon was released on Personal File in 2006. The album has not been released on cd.
 Polar Shift: A Benefit for Antarctica is a compilation album of New Age and ambient music released in 1991.
 One Mo Nigga ta Go is a 1996 album by former N.W.A producer DJ Yella. It is a tribute dedicated to the late Eazy-E a long-time friend and fellow N.W.A member who died of AIDS on March 26 1995 exactly one year before the album was released. The album cover shows close-up of Eazy-E's face and Yella himself at Eazy-E's grave. Singles included Dat's How I'm Livin and 4 Tha E a tribute to Eazy-E. The album is certified Gold.DJ Yella produced the whole album but did not rap on most of it.
 Dance Hall at Louse Point is the debut collaborative studio album by English alternative rock musicians PJ Harvey and John Parish released on 23 September 1996 on Island Records.
 Bondage is Nana Kitade's third full-length album and last release with Sony Music Japan. In its first week it debuted at #85 selling 1698 copies.
 Prayer for the Weekend was released on April 11 2007 and is the fourth album of the Swedish rock band The Ark.
 Lady Soul is the third studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Aco released on 19 September 1998.Track 8 is a cover of the song Inside My Love by Minnie Riperton.
 Balloon Cement is the thirty-sixth studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the sixth installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series.The album was originally released digitally through iTunes on April 12 while the physical edition of the album was released on May 17
 McCarthy Trenching is the fist full-length studio album from Omaha Nebraska band band McCarthy Trenching. It was released in 2007 in CD and LP and consists of selections from Old Habits (2003) and It's Got Nothing to Do with the Drinking (2006) which were not publicly released.
 Highway 61 Revisited is the sixth studio album by the American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan released on August 30 1965 by Columbia Records. Having until then recorded mostly acoustic music Dylan used rock musicians as his backing band on every track of the album except for the closing 11-minute ballad Desolation Row.
 Losing Sleep is the debut studio album from pop rock band Parachute. It debuted at #40 on the Billboard 200 and debuted at number two on the Digital Albums Chart in the United States.
 13 Violets is the sixth Studio recording from Mother Superior and the second of two to be produced by MC5 legend Wayne Kramer. This is Mother Superiors last record featuring Jason Mackenroth on drums.
 Odds & Sods is an album that consists of studio outtakes and rarities by British rock band The Who released by Track Records in the UK and Track/MCA in the US in 1974.
 The Remix Collection is a remix album by Belgian singer Natacha Atlas. It was released by Mantra Records on 19 September 2000.
 Greatest Hits Live is a 1989 live album released by Diana Ross in the UK on the EMI label. The album saw Ross performing older tracks during her Supremes days and early solo career to current music including Workin' Overtime Paradise and This House. The album reached #34 in the UK album charts and was certified Gold for sales in excess of 100000 copies.
 All My Best is the second greatest hits album by the Japanese pop and R&B singer-songwriter Mai Kuraki. It was released on September 9 2009 to commemorate her tenth anniversary in the music business. The album was issued in seven formats: a regular 2CD a limited 2CD+DVD a limited microSD a USB flash drive a MiniDisc a compact cassette and an LP album. The album debuted at the top of the Japanese Oricon weekly album chart with sales over 137050.
 Colours is a compilation album from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in the United States (Del Rack DRZ 921) in 1991.
 Evolution is the first of two albums released in 1967 by British pop band The Hollies. The album peaked at number 13 in the UK album chart.
 David Wiffen is the first studio album and second solo album by Canadian Singer-Songwriter David Wiffen. The standout tracks are I've Got My Ticket Driving Wheel and More Often Than Not. As one reviewer recently commented Its complex arrangements sneak around behind seemingly simple songs which gives the whole thing an incredible depth. Stealing the show throughout is Wiffen's incredible baritone. It's smooth but fractured. It's the kind of voice you wish you had.
 Bring It! is the 11th album by Japanese pop duo PUFFY released on June 17 2009 in Japan. The album was released in a standard version and limited version the latter which contained a DVD and had different cover art.Two of the songs from the album All Because of You and My Story were released as singles in 2008.Bring it! debuted at #8 on the Oricon daily albums chart and #17 for the weekly chart.
 (Chet Baker Sings) It Could Happen to You is an album by jazz trumpeter and vocalist Chet Baker. It follows a formula similar to two other Baker albums Chet Baker Sings (1956) and Chet Baker Sings and Plays with Bud Shank Russ Freeman & Strings (recorded in 1955 released in 1964) in which he updates existing standards in a hipper jazzier fashion.
 From a to b is the only album by the British alternative rock/Britpop band Octopus released in October 1996 on Food Records. The album contained four singles all of which charted within the British Top 100 (although only one Saved scraped into the Top 40).
 Showdown is an Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) compilation album covering their Harvest Records years. It is the first in a very long line of Electric Light Orchestra compilation albums. It was also the first time the hit single Showdown featured on an album in the UK.
 Buffalo Tom is the debut album by Buffalo Tom released in 1988 and featuring production from J Mascis.
 Shadows and Light is the seventh album released by Canadian country music singer Charlie Major. The album was written entirely by Major and includes a duet with Kim Mitchell (Young at Heart).
 Echolocation is the debut album by American folk-rock band Fruit Bats released in 2001.
 High School Rock is an album by the Huntingtons released in 1998 on Tooth & Nail Records the band's first for the label. A remastered version was released in 2009 available as a digital download. According to the band the album was remastered to get it sounding the way they always wanted it to sound. The remastered version includes a bonus track previously only available on vinyl.
 Time Capsule subtitled The First Five Years of Fingathing is a best of compilation of Fingathing's first three albums. It was released on Grand Central Records in September 2005. The American edition of the album And the Big Red Nebula Band also has a bonus album called Time Capsule but only has five tracks.
 Love on the Rocks was an LP album by Julie London released by Liberty Records under catalog number LRP-3249 as a monophonic recording in 1963 and later in stereo under catalog number LST-7249 the same year.
 Space Is the Place (released 2012 in Copenhagen Denmark by Storyville – 101 4271) is a Contemporary Jazz album by the Danish/Norwegian Dahl/Andersen/Christensen Trio.
 Still Warm is a studio album by jazz musician John Scofield.
 Creative Eclipses is a 1999 EP by alternative rock band Cave In released on Hydra Head Records.
 Welcome the Night is the fifth studio album by The Ataris the long delayed follow-up to the previous release So Long Astoria and marks the departure from melodic punk style to a more indie alternative rock. It was originally scheduled to be released in 2005 but the release date had been pushed back to 2007 due to the inner dissipation of the band's now former label Columbia records.
 Dark Age of Reason is the first album by the Swedish band Arcana. It has been compared to the early works by Dead Can Dance.
 Comfort Eagle Sampler is an EP released by the alternative rock band Cake prior to their hit 2001 album Comfort Eagle.
 Mal-1 is the debut album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1956 and released on the Prestige label.
 '98 Live Meltdown is a concert album by Judas Priest recorded and released in 1998 and is the first live album to feature new lead singer Tim Ripper Owens recorded during the Jugulator Tour. A second live album featuring Owens Live in London was released in 2003.
 Ragarap is a compilation album of popular reggae songs from the early to mid-1990s. Released in 1995 the CD is around 49 minutes long.
 Rastakraut Pasta is the first full-length album by German electronic music duo of Dieter Moebius and Conny Plank.Rastakraut Pasta was recorded in September 1979 at Conny's Studio outside of Cologne. It was released by Sky Records in 1980. Instrumentation on the album includes electronics voice guitar and flute all of which are credited to both Moebius & Plank.
 The Instinct is an album by Denali released in 2003. It is their final album as the band broke up the following year.
 Poet Amanda Lear (Cyrillic: Πoeт Аманда Лир; Russian for Amanda Lear Sings) is a compilation album by French singer Amanda Lear released in 1990 by Melodiya.
 Woke up with a Monster is an album by Cheap Trick released on Warner Bros. Records in 1994. It was their first and only album for the label and peaked at US #123. The boost in sales is often accredited to the group's appearance on the Late Show with David Letterman to promote the album. By the time the album came out there had been a variety of significant changes in the band both musically and in appearance.
 Like I Said: Songs 1990–91 is a 1994 album by Ani DiFranco. It reissues songs from her first two albums 1990's eponymous Ani DiFranco and 1991's Not So Soft.
 Live is a live and the first DVD released by the Alternative Metal band Godsmack in 2001. The DVD has been certified Gold by the RIAA with access sales of 50000 copies in the United States. The DVD was filmed at Centrum in Worcester in Worcester Massachusetts on March 2 2001.
 Live at Paradiso is a live album by Beth Hart. It was recorded at a live performance at the music venue Paradiso in Amsterdam the Netherlands. A DVD version is also available. DVD contains 3 more songs. The album peaked #88 in the Netherlands.
 Maestros is Orquesta El Arranque's fifth album. It received a nomination for the Premios Gardel in 2005.
 An tèt ou sa yé ! is the first album by French musician Lord Kossity released in 1997 only in the West Indies on his own label Killko Records. The album was reedited in France in 1998 on the same label under the name L.K. 1: VersaStyle.
 Beam Me Up Scotty is the third mixtape by Trinidadian-American recording artist Nicki Minaj released on April 18 2009 by Trapaholics Records. While recording the mixtape Minaj worked with several artists including fellow Young Money artists Lil Wayne Drake and Jae Millz as well as Gucci Mane Busta Rhymes and Bobby Valentino.
 Cosmic Tones for Mental Therapy is an album by the American Jazz musician Sun Ra and his Myth Science Arkestra. Recorded in 1963 but not released until 1967 on Sun Ra's own Saturn label the record has become one of the most discussed of Ra's New York recordings.
 Loud As Feathers is Spy Glass Blue's second full-length studio album. Its sound leans toward a space rock vibe with David Bowieesque vocals. HM editor Doug Van Pelt lists the standout tracks as Light Machine and Ophelia.
 Pablo Ruiz is the first studio album by the Argentine singer Pablo Ruiz. It was released in 1985.[citation needed]
 Scream Aim Fire: Live at Alexandra Palace is the second live DVD released by Welsh heavy metal band Bullet For My Valentine. It was first released on 1 May 2009 on the Xbox LIVE Marketplace for a limited time as part of Xtival '09. The entire show is available for viewing on Qello for the price of a monthly subscription fee.
 Cocoon is the fourth and final studio album by Meg & Dia.
 Word 2 Y'all is the second studio album release by Canadian Christian pop and a cappella group Rhythm & News in 1992.
 A Lively Mind is the second artist album from the British dance music DJ and producer Paul Oakenfold. The album is the follow-up to Oakenfold's 2002 debut Bunkka. The single Faster Kill Pussycat features Brittany Murphy and is one of many collaborations to appear on the album with other collaborators including Pharrell Williams Grandmaster Flash and Ryan Tedder of OneRepublic.
 Mutter (German for mother) is the third album by German Neue Deutsche Härte band Rammstein. It was released on 2 April 2001 through Motor Music. The album's cover image is a photograph of a dead fetus which was taken by Daniel & Geo Fuchs.
 Back for More is the second album by Natalia a Belgian singer. It was released in Belgium 30 August 2004.The album reached #1 in Belgium charts immediately. In October 2005 she received a TMF-award for Best Album national. In January 2006 after the first show of Natalia meets The Pointer Sisters she received 2X platinum for the sales of her album.In June 2006 Back For More was re-released and included two bonus tracks: You Are & Heart Of Gold.
 Kokuhaku (告白) is an album by the Japanese musical trio Chatmonchy released on March 4 2010. It peaked at number 2 on the Oricon charts and contained their single Last Love Letter which peaked at number seven on Oricon. The album was certified gold.The band went on tour to showcase their new songs and during this tour they played at the SXSW festival in Austin Texas.
 Andorra is a 2007 album by Caribou. The gatefold vinyl record release also features an MP3 download coupon for the album.On September 29 2008 the album was named the winner of the 2008 Polaris Music Prize.
 Comin' Back Home is the fourth studio album by rapper Choppa. It was released on July 18 2006 and was his second album released through Body Head Entertainment with production by Roy Jones Jr. Tommy Fingerz and Scott Ross.
 West Koasta Nostra is the seventh album by Samoan rap group Boo-Yaa T.R.I.B.E. Released in 2003 for Sarinjay Entertainment the album marked the first successful album for the group since its debut album New Funky Nation. The album managed to make it to #85 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #42 on the Independent Albums. The album featured two hit singles Bang On featuring Mack 10 and 911 featuring Eminem and B-Real. Other guests include Kurupt Knoc-Turn'al WC Mr.
 Life is Sweet! Nice to Meet You is the second album by British artist Lightspeed Champion released on 15 February 2010 in the UK and 16 February 2010 in the US although it was originally to be released on 1 February 2010 before being pushed back.
 Berlinette is the second full-length album from German experimental techno producer Ellen Allien released in 2003 by Allien's label BPitch Control. It was generally critically acclaimed with a very high rating of 8.9 from Pitchfork Media.
 The Party's Over is the fourth album by pop rock group the Smoking Popes. It was recorded in 1998 to fulfill the Popes' part of their recording contract with Capitol Records. The album was rejected by the label. It was released in 2001 by Double Zero Records.
 Im Auftrag des Herrn... – Die Toten Hosen Live or just Im Auftrag des Herrn (By order of the Lord) is the second live album by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen. The album is compiled out of concerts of the 1996 Ewig währt am längsten tour. The title is a reference to the film The Blues Brothers.
 Hanging Gardens is the seventh album by Australian improvised music trio The Necks. It was first released on the Fish of Milk label in 1999 and the ReR label internationally. The album features a single hour-long track titled Hanging Garden performed by Chris Abrahams Lloyd Swanton and Tony Buck. The Guardian review calls the album mesmerising grandiose music from one of the best bands on the planet.
 Ahmad Jamal Plays is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in 1955 and originally released on the short-lived Parrot label in 1955. The album was rereleased as Chamber Music of the New Jazz on the Argo label after Chess Records purchased the master tapes in 1956.
 The Politics of Dancing is a compilation mix album of trance music mixed by Paul van Dyk and released by Ministry of Sound and its Australian subsidiary in October 2001. It was van Dyk's first ever released mix album and was followed by The Politics of Dancing 2 in 2005.
 Streetniks is an album by The Shuffle Demons recorded over two days. Streetniks sold 15000 units in Canada becoming the bestselling independent release in Canadian music history until Barenaked Ladies broke the record in 1991 with The Yellow Tape. Spadina Bus an ode to the Toronto Transit Commission's Spadina Avenue bus line was a surprise Top 40 hit for the band. The video for the track Out of My House Roach also received regular airplay on MuchMusic during the late 1980s.
 Future of the Past is Destiny's fifth album. Released in 2004 it was the band's first album featuring former Falconer frontman Kristoffer Göbel on vocals. This album is the first one being recorded in the band's own studio DRS (later mixed at StudiOmega by Christian Silver).
 The EP was released by Flicker Records alternative rock band Until June. It became available to buy in March 2006 through the band's website. iTunes added it on October 3 2006
 The Blackbyrds is the debut album by the American rhythm and blues and jazz-funk fusion group The Blackbyrds. Produced by Larry Mizell and Donald Byrd with production supervision by Orrin Keepnews.
 Hopes and Fears is the debut album by English alternative rock band Keane and was released on 10 May 2004 in the United Kingdom. It topped the UK album charts upon release was the second best-selling British album of 2004 behind Scissor Sisters' self-titled album and has since been certified nine times platinum by BPI.
 Under Paris Skies is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in the fall of 1960 by Cadence Records.
 Sun Secrets is an album by The Eric Burdon Band recorded in 1973 and released in December 1974.It includes some re-recording of songs with which lead singer Eric Burdon topped the charts a few years before. The band included Aalon Butler on guitar Randy Rice on bass and Alvin Taylor on drums.The Real Me Ring of Fire and Don’t Let Me Be Misunderstood were released as singles. The album peaked No.
 This split EP by Vanna and Therefore I Am was a limited edition vinyl pressing and is now out of print. Each band contributed two songs. All of these songs were new except Anniversary which was a remastered version from Therefore I Am's Summer 2005 Demo. Brandon Davis played guitar for the band Therefore I Am and played drums for Vanna on this album.
 Precious is the debut English album by Cubic U (Hikaru Utada's stage name before her debut in Japan) which was recorded at Sony Music Studio in New York in 1996. The album was released in both the United States and Japan on January 28 1998; the album failed to chart on the Oricon weekly charts and US Billboard 200. After the huge success of Utada's First Love the album was re-released in Japan on March 31 1999 and peaked at #2 on the Oricon charts with 702060 copies sold.
 Infinity is a remix album credited to John Coltrane released on Impulse! Records in 1972. It features overdubs with strings of Coltrane's pieces recorded in 1965 and 1966 at the hands of Alice Coltrane.
 Replica Replica released October 21 2006 is the debut album from Red Riders. It was released under the Ivy League Records label. The album was produced by Woody Annison (Pound System Rocket Science) recorded at Rockinghorse Studios in Byron Bay and mixed at Studio 01 in Melbourne.
 Elly Is Cinderella is Seo In-Young's 2nd studio single album. It was released on July 23 2008.
 Shangri La is the second studio album by English indie rock artist Jake Bugg. It was released on 18 November 2013. The album was produced by Rick Rubin and named after his studio in Malibu California where recording took place in the summer of 2013.
 Wires and Sparks – the fourth studio album by Polish singer/songwriter Pati Yang. The album was produced by Joseph Cross and released by EMI Music Poland on 17 May 2011. An EP under the same name is due to come out in UK on the 9th April on Godmama Records .
 Our Man in Nashville is a recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins released in 1963. RCA did a series of Our Man in ... and Chet was indeed their man in Nashville. He was producing and developing the Nashville sound.Our Man in Nashville is out of print.
 Le Noise is the thirty-second studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young released in 2010. The album was recorded in Los Angeles and produced by Daniel Lanois hence the titular pun (although Lanois is pronounced Lan-wha).
 Sentinel is the third album by Nigel Mazlyn Jones full title Sentinel & The Fools Of The Finest Degree. The album was recorded in February & March 1979 at Millstream Studios Cheltenham produced by Nigel Mazlyn Jones and engineered by John Acock and Mick Dolan.
 Doomsday X is the tenth studio album by the American death metal band Malevolent Creation. It was released via Nuclear Blast America on July 17 2007 and was released in Europe on August 24 2007 via Massacre Records.
 The Bride Stripped Bare is a 1978 solo album by Bryan Ferry and is his fifth album released independent of Roxy Music. It was recorded after his girlfriend Jerry Hall left him for Mick Jagger in 1977 and appears to contain references to their break-up.The album's title is taken from the Marcel Duchamp work The Bride Stripped Bare By Her Bachelors Even. Ferry had been introduced to the work as an art school student by Richard Hamilton.
 Demonocracy is the third studio album by American death metal band Job for a Cowboy and the final album recorded with drummer Jon Rice. It was released on April 10 2012.On February 21 2012 Job for a Cowboy released the first single from the album Nourishment Through Bloodshed. It was released via Metal Blade Records' YouTube channel.On March 20 Job for a Cowboy premiered the song Black Discharge and on April 2 the song Imperium Wolves.
 Bug is a solo album by Dave Davies (best known as lead guitarist and co-founder of British rock band The Kinks) released in May 2002. It was his fourth true solo studio album almost 20 years after the release of his third effort Chosen People.
 Sluts and Slobs is a 5-song vinyl EP by Conelrad. Released on September 30 2006 by Oh No Vertigo. The song No Fucking is a cover by the band Nomeansno. Mr Right was written by Steve Moore. Burdizzo features backing vocals by Julie Nowak.
 An Elegant Evening is a 1985 (see 1985 in music) album by the American jazz singer Mel Tormé accompanied by George Shearing.
 New Faces is an album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie recorded in 1984-85 and released on the GRP label.
 The Life of Clutchy Hopkins is the debut album by musician Clutchy Hopkins. It was released in 2005 under the label Crate Digler.
 The Complete Tubular Bells is a compilation album that comprises the three main releases under the name of Tubular Bells by Mike Oldfield released in 2003 alongside Tubular Bells 2003.This box set includes Tubular Bells 2003 (a re-recording of the original Tubular Bells) Tubular Bells II and Tubular Bells III. A bonus DVD is also included the same that was released with the album Tubular Bells 2003.
 Where We Are is the ninth studio album and tenth album overall by Irish boy band Westlife. It was released on 27 November 2009 in Ireland and 30 November 2009 in the UK through S Records RCA Records and Sony Music. Where We Are is the group's first album following a break from music in 2008.
 Sol-fa (ソルファ Sorufa) is the second full-length studio album by Japanese rock band ASIAN KUNG-FU GENERATION released on October 20 2004.
 Up! Live in Chicago is the third live video album by Canadian singer Shania Twain. Directed and produced by Beth McCarthy-Miller the concert was held and filmed on July 27 2003 at the Hutchinson Field in the south-side of Grant Park in Chicago Illinois; there were over 50000 attendants. The concert itself differed from that of the Up! Tour (2003–04) featuring divergent stages setlits and production.
 Black Refuge EP is the second EP released by Swedish band Junip. It is composed of mostly original songs but also includes a cover of Bruce Springsteen's The Ghost of Tom Joad.
 What's Really Going On!?! is an album by Assorted Jelly Beans released in 1998.
 No Living Without Loving is an EP by Manfred Mann released in 1965. The EP is a 7-inch vinyl record and released in mono with the catalogue number His Master's Voice-EMI 7EG 8922. The cover photo was taken by Bill Francis and the liner notes were written by Tom McGuiness.
 Cold Mountain is the original soundtrack of the 2003 film Cold Mountain starring Jude Law Nicole Kidman and Renée Zellweger. Musician Jack White who performed five songs on the soundtrack also had a role in the movie where he acted and sang as the character Georgia. The soundtrack was produced by T Bone Burnett. The album won the BAFTA Award for Best Film Music and the World Soundtrack Award for Best Original Soundtrack of the Year in 2003.
 Devils & Angels is Mêlée's second studio album and major label debut album released in 2007.
 Enkeleitä onko heitä is the fourth solo studio album by a Finnish singer-songwriter Aki Sirkesalo. Released by Sony Music Entertainment in 2001 the album peaked at number five on the Finnish Albums Chart.
 On Stage is a live album by The Exploited released in 1981.
 I U (stylised I□U) is the fifth extended play by South Korean recording artist IU released on December 14 2011. It was IU's first release in the Japanese domestic market and was a compilation of Korean language songs released between 2008 and 2011.
 Forever Magic is the thirteenth album by German singer Fancy. It was first pre-released in Russia in October 2008 and then released officially in Germany on December 19 2008. The first five tracks on the album are a non-stop live mix. There is also a new version of Fancy's hit Flames of Love. The new version is sung half in English and half in Russian.
 The Green Ball Crew e.p. released in 1993 was the second EP released by the New Jersey Punk rock band The Bouncing Souls. Five of the songs on here were re-released on the 2000 compilation disc The Bad the Worse and the Out of Print.
 In the Dark is the third album from The Whigs. The album was released on March 16 2010. Recording took place in band's hometown of Athens Georgia. The band worked extensively with producer Ben Allen notable for his production work on Animal Collective's Merriweather Post Pavilion one of the most critically acclaimed albums of 2009.
 Billboard Pop Memories is a series of compilation albums released by Rhino Records in 1994 each featuring ten hit recordings spanning a five- or ten-year period from the 1920s through the 1950s.The tracks from the 1940s and 1950s compilations were major hits on the various Billboard magazine best-sellers jockeys and jukebox charts.As the rock era moved into full swing chronologically the series continues with lighter hits from the 1960s in the Billboard Top Pop Hits series of albums.
 To Love Somebody is an album by Jazz singer-songwriter/pianist Nina Simone. It was released as quickly as possible to prolong the unexpected success of 'Nuff Said! The title is taken from the Bee Gees song To Love Somebody her cover of the song became her second British hit single after Ain't Got No-I Got Life.
 This article is about the ska punk album. For the sports usage see losing streak (sport).Losing Streak is the second studio album by ska punk band Less Than Jake released on November 12 1996 on Capitol Records. The album was recorded at Criteria Studios in Miami Florida and Mirror Image Studios in Gainesville Florida both with producer Michael Rosen. Drums and bass were recorded at the former while everything else was recorded at the latter.
 Live At The Cellar Door is a live album by the progressive bluegrass Maryland band The Seldom Scene. The Washington Post called it not only a landmark for the progressive bluegrass scene that originated here in Washington but may be the band's finest representation on disc.
 Belafonte Sings of the Caribbean is an album by Harry Belafonte released by RCA Victor (LPM-1505) in 1957.
 Centipede Hz (pronounced centipede hertz) is the ninth studio album by American experimental group Animal Collective released on September 4 2012 on Domino Records. The album marks the return of band member Deakin who sat out of the recording and touring of the band's previous album Merriweather Post Pavilion (2009).
 The Vatican is an online mixtape by Natas. Released on March 25th 2009 on acidrap.com. The Vatican is the first set of new Natas material featuring all 3 core members together at the same time.
 From Home to Home is a 1970 album by the English prog-rock group Fairfield Parlour. In 2000 was re-released as double longplay album by Burning Airlines and marketed in 2001 by Get Back only in Italy.
 Innocence Surround is the debut release by American metalcore band Confide released in June 2005. Only one of the members of this release was still part of the band until the time of Confide's break-up which was Jeffrey Helberg. Aside from this Helberg and two other Confide members (William Billy Pruden and Aaron Van Zuthpen) that played on this release stayed a part of the band up until the Shout the Truth recording.
 Vater is the first full-length album of Janus. It was released in 1998 and re-released (self-released) as Vater Deluxe in 2006 (with bonus tracks).
 In Heat is the fourth album by The Romantics. It was released in 1983 on Nemperor Records. It was the Romantics' most commercially successful album and featured the Romantics's biggest hit single: Talking in Your Sleep peaking at #3 and a second top 40 hit One in a Million charted #37.
 Cool with You: The Platinum Collection is the Asian edition best of album by Jennifer Love Hewitt released in 2006.
 From Conception: Live 1981 is a live album by heavy metal band Dokken released in 2007.This album contains rare live recordings allegedly from 1981 before the band released its first album Breaking the Chains. However the performance is more likely to be from December 1983 as the set list exactly matches known set lists from that time.
 Miltons Minas e Mais is the fifth studio album by Brazilian Acoustic rock musician Emmerson Nogueira. In this album Emmerson explores the music from his state (Minas Gerais) by covering songs from famous Mineiros musicians: Beto Guedes Lô Borges Milton Nascimento and 14 Bis.
 The Very Best of Lisa Loeb is a compilation album by Lisa Loeb released in 2006 by Geffen Records. The album peaked at #25 on Billboard's Top Digital Albums chart. Itself was also an advertisement for an E! biography of Loeb according to the iTunes Store until 2009.
 Smak is the eponymous debut studio album by the Serbian progressive rock group Smak released in 1975 by ZKP RTLJ.
 FabricLive.53 is a 2010 DJ mix album by Drop the Lime. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 My Worlds Acoustic is the first remix album by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber. It was released on November 26 2010 and was initially sold exclusively at Walmart retail stores and Sam's Club. The album features nine acoustic versions of songs from his debut extended play My World and first album My World 2.0 as well as a new song Pray. The new versions of the songs were produced by Bieber's music director Dan Kanter his vocal producer Kuk Harrell and also producer Rob Wells.
 Suddenly is the fifth studio album by Billy Ocean released in 1984. It featured his first major U.S. pop hit single Caribbean Queen (No More Love On The Run) which reached #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 record chart.
 Going Nowhere is the debut full length album by Indian post-rock band Lounge Piranha. The supporting tour was called the Going Nowhere tour to Bangalore Chennai Mumbai Hyderabad Pilani and Manipal.
 Rock Animals is a 1994 album by the Japanese all-female rock trio Shonen Knife. It features Sonic Youth guitarist Thurston Moore on the song Butterfly Boy.
 Eduardo and Rodriguez Wage War on T-Wrecks is the fourth album from the Australian rock band Regurgitator. It was released in 2001 and the singles Fat Cop and Superstraight received heavy rotation on national radio station Triple J both songs making it into the radio stations Hottest 100 for 2001 (Superstraight reaching No. 41 and Fat Cop No. 27).
 Word of Mouth is the third album by Mike + The Mechanics released in 1991. There was some overlap with the marketing of the album and the making of Genesis's We Can't Dance with Mike Rutherford being committed to both. As such there was no tour for Word of Mouth.The album did not chart as well as Living Years charting at No.11 in the UK while the lead single Word of Mouth got to No.13 in the UK and No.78 in the US.
 Tweez is the debut studio album by American rock band Slint. It was released on the group's self-owned label Jennifer Hartman Records in 1989.
 Ariettes oubliées... (English: Forgotten Arias) is the second full-length album by Les Discrets released in 2012 by Prophecy Productions. Ariettes oubliées I : Je devine à travers un murmure... was released as a music video directed by Audrey Hadorn and Ariettes oubliées II : Il pleure dans mon cœur… features vocals by Gianluca Divirgilio from Arctic Plateau.
 The Land of New Hope is the first full-length album by Timo Tolkki's metal opera project Avalon. The album was released on May 17 2013 in Europe and May 21 2013 in the US.According to Tolkki I sort of rediscovered myself musically in the process of making this album. I wrote the story first and started composing the music after that.
 Première is the first album by the New Brunswick Youth Orchestra (NBYO) released in November 2003 (see 2003 in music). ALL TRACKS CONDUCTED BY PRINCIPAL CONDUCTOR Dr. James Mark.
 Hello Bangladesh is a Bengali song album of Anjan Dutt. This album was released in 1999 and this was Dutt's sixth solo music album.
 A Place Called Love is the second studio album released by American country music artist Judy Rodman. It was issued under MTM Records in 1987 and was the final studio album Rodman would issue during her music career.
 Bol is the soundtrack album of the 2011 Urdu-language Pakistani film Bol by Shoaib Mansoor. Prior to the movie's release Atif Aslam (who plays one of the main roles in the film) in an interview stated I have done two songs for the soundtrack. It's been a great experience working with Shoaib Mansoor he is an amazing person and very dedicated. My role isn't controversial and we discussed it beforehand. It’s a film that is being made for a good cause.
 Good Girl Gone Bad is the third studio album by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna. It was released on May 31 2007 by Def Jam Recordings and SRP Records. While recording the album Rihanna worked with many producers including C. Tricky Stewart Terius Dream Nash Neo da Matrix Timbaland Carl Sturken Evan Rogers and StarGate. Influenced by Brandy Norwood's fourth studio album Afrodisiac (2004) Good Girl Gone Bad is a dance-pop and R&B album with 1980s music influences.
 Entre Um Coco e Um Adeus is Adelaide Ferreira's first album.
 The Rebirth of Tragedy is Twelve Tribes's third album.
 Tough Love: Best of the Ballads is a 2011 compilation album by Aerosmith. The album was announced on March 30 2011 and was released on Geffen Records on May 10 2011.
 Jackals and Vipers in Envy of Man is a studio album from Canadian underground hip hop artist Sixtoo. It was released on Ninja Tune in 2007.
 Pasti is the first EP or mini-album (second actual EP overall and third album overall) by winner of Malaysian Idol 2 Daniel Lee Chee Hun released on 17 June 2008. Unlike his previous two trilingual albums this album shall be Danell Lee's first Bahasa Malaysia/Malay mini-album (second actual EP overall) since he won the reality show as a gesture of gratitude to his non-Chinese fans. It was the last album was released when he was used his original name before changed to Danell until 2011.
 All to You...Live is a live Christian worship music album by Lincoln Brewster released on August 30 2005. The album was recorded live at Bayside Church in Granite Bay California the church at which Brewster is regular worship leader and Worship Arts Pastor on March 4 2005.The music is distinctly guitar-led with Brewster playing and singing lead vocals together with backing from drums bass keyboards and sequencers. It is similar in style to parts of Michael W.
 Bashin': The Unpredictable Jimmy Smith is a 1962 studio album by Jimmy Smith with Oliver Nelson's big band.
 Corina is the name of the debut studio album by the Latin freestyle singer Corina. It was released on August 6 1991 by Cutting Records in conjunction with ATCO.
 Antonio Brasileiro is the fifteenth album by Antonio Carlos Jobim. It was released days after his death in 1994. The album was completed 11 months before his death and was a critical and commercial success.
 The Party Ain't Over is the thirtieth studio album by American singer Wanda Jackson and a collaborative album with Jack White the lead vocalist of The White Stripes. The Party Ain't Over peaked at number 17 on Top Rock Albums.The album features covers of songs by artists including Amy Winehouse Kitty Wells Eddie Cochran Johnny Cash Johnny Kidd & The Pirates and Bob Dylan.Shakin' All Over was featured on the Bridesmaids soundtrack and played during the end credits of the film.
 Biti tu is the fourth studio album by Slovene musician Tomaž Pengov. The third song Glažek vinčka contains lyrics by Frane Milčinski.
 The Reality of My Surroundings is the third full-length album by Fishbone released on April 23 1991. It was the first Fishbone album to include former Miles Davis music director John Bigham (guitar keyboards) who joined in 1989 during the Truth and Soul tour.
 My name Means Horse was the second album to be released by Western Australian singer Ross Ryan. The title was a reference to a line in the hit single I am Pegasus which featured on the disc. The album was Ryan's most successful LP. The album won Most Popular Australian Album at the 1974 TV Week Awards.The record was awarded three gold discs. The first of these was awarded to Ryan by the then Australian Prime Minister Gough Whitlam.
 Batsu to Maru to Tsumi to (Xと○と罪と Wrong and Right and Crimes and) is the sixth studio album by Japanese rock band Radwimps. It was released in December 11 2013. The album was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ).
 Yummy was an album released in 2007 by KC and the Sunshine Band. The album came out following an 6-year gap since their last complete studio album.
 Cult of Static is the sixth and final studio album by industrial metal band Static-X and was released on March 17 2009. The album's first single Stingwray was released and made available on the band's MySpace page on February 17 2009. The title is a reference to the die-hard fans who have supported the band for so long.
 Christmas Cheers is the second studio album by American men's a cappella singing group Straight No Chaser. It was released in the US on November 3 2009. It has peaked to number 38 on the U.S. Billboard 200.
 Raise High is Radio America's second full-length album. The title of the record is said to have been taken from the J.D. Salinger novel Raise High the Roof Beam Carpenters and Seymour: An Introduction.[citation needed]
 Little Mountain is the third studio album from Said the Whale released March 6 2012. The album according to Vancouver Weekly is Said The Whale's most balanced offering yet and is the first creation of the band that expands their horizons beyond talking about how much they love Vancouver (claimed to be a result of the band's first United States tour).
 Whatevershebringswesing is the third solo album by Kevin Ayers. In 1971 Kevin Ayers started recording what would become his most acclaimed album Whatevershebringswesing accompanied by members of Gong and his previous backing band The Whole World. Praised by NME Record Mirror and Rolling Stone the album realized all the musical aspirations Ayers had harboured since the inception of Soft Machine.
 Billie Holiday at Jazz at the Philharmonic is a live album by jazz singer Billie Holiday originally recorded on February 12 1945 and October 3 1946 at the Jazz at the Philharmonic concert at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles and recorded at Carnegie Hall on June 3 1946.
 Without a Pulse is the first studio album by Portland Maine hardcore punk band Cruel Hand. It was released in 2007 on 6131 Records.
 De La Soul Is Dead is De La Soul's second full-length album released in 1991 (see 1991 in music). The album was produced by Prince Paul whose work on 3 Feet High and Rising was highly praised by music critics. The album was one of the first to receive a five mic rating in the Hip hop magazine The Source. The album was also selected as one of The Source's 100 Best Rap Albums in 1998.
 De Bichos y Flores is an album by uruguayan ska/rock band La Vela Puerca. It was released in the first week of October 2001 and quickly went platinum showing a more mature side of the band's music. Several of the songs include appearances of guest artists such as Argentine musician León Gieco.
 Live at Koncepts is a live album by Henry Threadgill recorded at the Koncepts Cultural Gallery in Oakland California. The album features seven of Threadgill's compositions performed by Threadgill's Very Very Circus with Mark Taylor Brandon Ross Masujaa Edwin Rodriguez Marcus Rojas and Larry Bright.
 The Princess and the Frog: Original Songs and Score is the soundtrack of the 2009 Disney animated film The Princess and the Frog. It was released by Walt Disney Records on November 23 2009 just a day before the limited release of the film in New York City and Los Angeles. The soundtrack contains ten original songs and seven score pieces all but one of which were composed arranged and conducted by Academy Award winner composer Randy Newman.
 iTunes Festival: London 2011 is an EP by rock band My Chemical Romance released in 2011. The EP was recorded live during the iTunes Festival 2011 at The Roundhouse in London England United Kingdom. The EP was mixed by guitarist Ray Toro.
 Heresy is an album released in 1990 by the dark ambient musician Lustmord. A remastered version was made in 2004.
 Blue Skied An' Clear is a two-disc compilation featuring various artists from Morr Music covering songs from the shoegazer band Slowdive on the first disc and composing songs inspired by Slowdive on the second disc. It was released in 2002 by Morr Music and was the label's 30th release. In addition to serving as a showcase of the Morr Music roster this release serves as a testament to the resurgence or revival of the shoegazing sound in this particular realm of electronica or IDM.
 Devil's Got a New Disguise: The Very Best of Aerosmith (known in the UK as The Very Best of Aerosmith) is a compilation album by American hard rock band Aerosmith released on October 17 2006. It has sold more than 265048 copies to date in the U.S. as of May 2008.The album was intended to fulfill Aerosmith's contract with Sony Music/Columbia Records until a release of a new studio album the first since 2001's Just Push Play but ultimately did not surface.
 Christ 0 is the fifth full-length studio album by the German progressive metal band Vanden Plas released on March 31 2006 by InsideOut Music. This concept album interprets the novel The Count of Monte Cristo exploring the story of a man imprisoned for a crime he didn't commit and following his chain of vengeful murders through the eyes of X an Interpol detective assigned to the case.
 Islanders is the third studio album by German EDM (Electronic Dance Music) act York. The album was in production for two years and collaborations internationally renowned artists such as Mike Oldfield Jennifer Paige and The Thrillseekers. Furthermore the album contains a cover version of the Hans Zimmer Mission Impossible II soundtrack piece Injection featuring the original vocalist Lisa Gerrard.
 Minute by Minute is the eighth studio album by American rock band The Doobie Brothers released in 1978. The album contains their biggest hit the Grammy-winning What a Fool Believes which was co-written by Kenny Loggins and simultaneously released on his 1978 album Nightwatch. Depending on You and the title track were also released as singles. The album would be the last to include members Jeff Skunk Baxter and John Hartman.
 Southern Nights/Basic covers the complete Southern Nights and Basic albums and adds three bonus tracks.
 Impyre Concord is an EP by the avant-garde metal band Divina Enema. It's a demonstration of three songs that would later appear on their second album Under Phoenix Phenomenon.
 No Pain – No Game and Reported is a combined re-release of the two Dive albums No Pain - No Game and Reported.
 G Sides is a B-sides collection by Gorillaz from their first studio album session Gorillaz and the Tomorrow Comes Today EP. The compilation was originally released only in Japan in December 2001. The US edition with a slightly different track listing followed in February 2002. The European version released in March 2002 features the original Japanese track listing.
 Best Days in the Sun is a promotional album by Feeder released on a limited basis in Japan only in 2001. It was the band's first compilation album containing all of their singles plus some album tracks from the band's then three studio albums Echo Park Yesterday Went Too Soon Polythene as well as their EP Swim.The album was released in early 2001 in order to promote the release of Echo Park. It is said to be possibly the rarest Feeder item out there.
 The Impossible Dream is the debut album from The X Factor UK series 2 runner-up Andy Abraham. It was released on 20 March 2006 and entered the UK Album Chart on 26 March 2006 at #2 selling 176689 copies in its first week.
 Morbid Indiscretion is the first EP by Sri Lanka-based heavy metal band Stigmata. The EP was released on May 23 2002. The EP sold out in less than 3 months. All three songs would appear on their next album Hollow Dreams.
 Gold Star Music: Reggaeton Hits is a compilation album released in 2005 by reggaeton artist Hector El Father which contains the greatest hits from previous compilations released under Gold Star Music label of Hector.
 Balls Out is the third studio album by the metal band Steel Panther released on 28 October 2011 on Universal Republic Records.
 Hell Comes to Your House'' is an American deathrock and punk compilation that chronicles the emergence of deathrock as a genre.The album was originally released in 1981 but reissued in 1998.
 The Luv Show is a 1995 Ann Magnuson solo album which was originally released in November 1995 on Geffen Records.
 Young Black en Gifted commonly referred to as Y.B.G. is Sunny Boy's debut album released in December 2005 after he was signed to Mshasho Records in 2004. Young Black en Gifted boosted Sunny's commercial popularity thus making him a common household name among mainstream music fans. The album also established Sunny as one of the most profound lyrics in Namibia. Most of the tracks features a fusion of hip hop and kwaito.
 Hot February Night is a 2007 album by alternative comedian Neil Hamburger. It was originally released by Off-Price Value Center in 2007 and then re-issued on LP by Drag City in 2010.
 Fat Girl (Thar She Blows) – The Video is the first home DVD by American glam metal band Steel Panther then-known as Metal Skool (formerly known as Danger Kitty and Metal Shop) and released in 2005.
 Nudeswirl is the first full-length debut album by alternative metal band Nudeswirl. It was released independently through More Records in 1989.
 Matt & Kim is the self-titled debut album from Brooklyn-based band Matt & Kim. It was released on October 24 2006 on the label iheartcomix.
 Somewhere is the title of Eva Cassidy's seventh posthumous album and the fourth studio album twelve years after her death in 1996. For the first time it includes two songs written by Eva Cassidy herself.
 Legacy of the Scottish Harpers Volume Two is a folk album released in 1986 by Robin Williamson.
 Easy Livin' is an album by composer/arranger/keyboardist Clare Fischer a program of standards featuring both solo piano performances and piano-bass duets recorded on August 8 1963 given a limited release in 1966 (see original album cover below) and reissued in 1968 on the Revelation label.
 Stranded is the third album by the art rock band Roxy Music released in late 1973. It reached number one on the UK album charts. The cover shows Bryan Ferry's then girlfriend and 1973 Playmate of the Year Marilyn Cole. It was the first Roxy Music album on which Ferry was not the sole songwriter as multi-instrumentalist Andy Mackay and guitarist Phil Manzanera also contributed to the album.
 Swings Both Ways is the tenth studio album by English singer-songwriter Robbie Williams. It is his second swing album after 2001's Swing When You're Winning although unlike the latter it features both covers and original material. The album marked Williams' first major work with former longtime collaborator Guy Chambers since 2002's Escapology.
 Two Blood-Soaked Space-Horror Hits!! is split 7 EP by Man or Astro-man? and Jonny and the Shamen. It was released by Loch Ness Records in 1995.
 Join the Army is the second album by Suicidal Tendencies. It was released in 1987 – four years after their self-titled debut album – and is one of the most well known albums for crossing over the genres of punk and thrash metal known as crossover thrash a genre that Suicidal Tendencies have been credited for creating. Join the Army is arguably one of Suicidal Tendencies' popular efforts although it only reached No. 100 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Untitled 21: A Juvenile Tribute to the Swingin' Utters is a tribute album to the punk rock band the Swingin Utters.
 Ave End is the sixth album by the German band Lacrimas Profundere.On Ave End the band pursues the style previously developed on the Fall I Will Follow album which sounds remarkably different from their other releases as its orientation leans more toward rock 'n roll (rock 'n sad as they label themselves) whereas their first four albums present more elements from the Doom Metal genre.
 Beautiful Minds is the first collabrative album from rappers Killah Priest and Chief Kamachi. As of July 29th 2011 the CD has now become out of print
 Unpredictable is Jamie Foxx's second studio release and was his first release in eleven years. It was released on December 27 2005 by J Records in the US.The album debuted at number two behind Mary J. Blige's The Breakthrough on the US Billboard 200 chart moving 597000 units in its first week. The album moved to number one in the following week overtaking Blige.
 You Are My Starship is an album by the Philadelphia Pennsylvania jazz drummer Norman Connors. Released in 1976 on Buddah Records it featured bass player/vocalist Michael Henderson and Philadelphia Pennsylvania vocalist Phyllis Hyman. The album reached number five on the US R&B chart and number one on the Jazz chart.The single You Are My Starship charted at number four on the US R&B single chart. The boat on the front cover belonged to actor John Wayne.
 Whispers in the Wind – Acoustic Improvisations was recorded in December 2005 for Neal Morse's Inner Circle fan club and is made up of guitar and piano improvisations. Some of the ideas on it will be developed further and will appear on official releases in the future. There are a few solos overdubbing the improvisations but otherwise the material was not edited for mistakes or content.
 Vilja Bli (Wanting to Become) is the first solo album of the Swedish singer Oskar Linnros after leaving the group Snook. The album was released on June 9 2010 in Sweden. So far four singles have been released Ack Sundbyberg Från och med Du 25 and Genom eld. The entire album was written played and produced by Oskar Linnros.
 The Best of Taste of Chaos is an album of songs by bands that appeared on the Taste of Chaos tour.
 The Mind's Eye is the first studio album by the band Stiltskin. The album was driven by the success of the single Inside which reached #1 in the UK. The follow-up single Footsteps reached #34 in the UK charts. The album was primarily the work of main songwriter Peter Lawlor.
 Live in Paris Zenith '88 is a live album by Jamaican reggae singer Burning Spear.It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album at the 32nd Grammy Awards in 1990.
 The Collection is a compilation album by English band Strawbs.
 Negativland is Negativland's first album released by Seeland Records in June 1980. Each copy of the album has a different cover. This required a small run of only 15000 copies. It is on iTunes and Napster with a cover depicting marshmallow soufflé in a bowl. Unlike all other Negativland albums this album has no titles for the songs just numbers.
 Autraumaton is the debut album by Canadian Cyberrockers The Rabid Whole. The album was released on March 3 2009 by Synthetic Sounds and was mastered by Shaun Thingvold.
 Real Damage is a Split EP of American indie rock band Gossip and Electropop solo artist Tracy + the Plastics it was released on January 25 2005.
 Live at the Village Vanguard Volume One is a live album by jazz drummer Elvin Jones recorded in 1984 at the Village Vanguard and released on the Landmark label.
 Towering Toccata is an album by Argentine composer pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin recorded in 1976 and released on the CTI label.
 Majestic is the eighth full-length studio album from the German power metal band Gamma Ray released in 2005. The band also released an LP version through their website to complement the supporting tour limited to 1500 copies worldwide. Guitarist Henjo Ritcher was injured during the Majestic tour from falling down a flight of stairs on a ferry between Sweden and Finland. He was forced to sit out on half the tour due to his injury.
 Los Angeles 3:58pm is the second of two 7's in Bane's set of world series releases. It was released in America on 6131 Records as Los Angeles 3:58pm in Europe on Hurry Up! Records as Rome 12:58am and in conjunction with the 1st 7 as a CD in Australia on Resist Records as Perth 7:58am in Japan on Alliance Trax as Tokyo 7:58am and in South America on Hurry Up! Records as Curitiba 7:58pm.
 Hok Kolorob (হোক কলরব) is a solo album released by Shayan Chowdhury Arnob in 2006.
 Looking Into It is the third album by All Girl Summer Fun Band released in 2008 and the first to be self-released on the AGSFB Music label.
 Burden of Truth is a 2006 release by Circle II Circle. It was the band's third full-length studio release so far and is a concept album with the songs telling a story based on The DaVinci Code. Unlike the band's first two albums this album does not feature a guest appearance from lead vocalist Zak Stevens's former Savatage bandmates Chris Caffery and Jon Oliva.
 Holy Terror is the twelfth album by rap/spoken word pioneers The Last Poets released in 1993. The album was released by Polystar Records in Japan and then by Rykodisc Records in the U.S. and UK later that same year with a release in 2004 by Innerhythmic. The U.S. and UK releases featured one bonus track entitled Black And Strong (Homesick). The lead figures in the Last Poets at this time were Umar Bin Hassan and Abiodun Oyewole.
 Aathwan Sur – The Other Side of Naushad is an album of the Indian singer and Ghazal composer Hariharan released in the year 1998 by Navras Records. All songs were composed by musician and film score composer Naushad Ali and were sung by Hariharan.
 100 Days 100 Nights is the third full-length studio album by American funk band Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings. Recorded in 2006 it was released on Daptone Records October 2 2007. Daptone Records a Brooklyn based record company is an indie label owned and run by its contributing artists. The band The Dap Kings is the house band for Daptone Records.
 Tattoos & Tequila is the third solo studio album by Mötley Crüe frontman Vince Neil. It is his first solo release in 7 years since the live album Live at the Whisky: One Night Only in 2003 and first solo studio album in 15 years since 1995's Carved in Stone. It is also Neil's first solo studio album as the current lead singer of Mötley Crüe.
 First Grand Constitution and Bylaws is the debut studio album by American experimental rock band Secret Chiefs 3. It was released on September 30 1996 through Amarillo Records.
 Pop model is Belgian pop singer Lio's third studio album of entirely new material and fourth album overall. It features two of her biggest hits: Les brunes comptent pas pour des prunes and Fallait pas commencer. It is her second best-selling album and was certified gold in France.
 Rush in Rio is a live DVD by Canadian band Rush released in 2003 (see 2003 in music). It is also available as a three CD set. It was the first concert DVD ever released by the band and is a two-disc set containing 28 songs. Bonus features include a tour documentary multi-angle viewing options for certain songs and behind-the-scenes footage. The performance was recorded and filmed at Maracanã Stadium in Rio de Janeiro Brazil and was the final night on the 2002 Vapor Trails Tour.
 Vanitas is the seventh full-length studio album by British extreme metal band Anaal Nathrakh. It was released on October 23 2012 on Candlelight Records. The album was released in North America on November 6 2012.
 Seance (1983) is the third album by The Church. It was a somewhat unexpected about-face from The Blurred Crusade's jangling psychedelia and upbeat rock. Considerably more atmospheric and brooding in feel the songwriting employed a greater emphasis on keyboard and string effects with the guitars taking largely textural roles on some songs.
 Dance Mixes: Afiste Tin & Tora Arhizoun Ta Dyskola (Greek: Dance Mixes: Αφήστε Την & Τώρα Αρχίζουν Τα Δύσκολα; English: Dance Mixes: Leave Her Alone & Now The Difficult Times Begin) is the second EP album by popular Greek pop rock singer Sakis Rouvas released on May 24 2007 by his former label Universal Music along with the imprint of Mercury Records. It features a compilation of previously released remixes of songs recorded from 1994 to 1996 and produced by Nikos Karvelas.
 Garage Hymns is the second full-length album by American indie-rock band Empires released in 2012.
 Ups and Downsizing is the second album released by Flint Michigan's The Swellers. It is their follow up to their debut My Everest and is their first release through Fueled by Ramen. The title is half derived from a quote from the 1998 cult film The Big Lebowski. Vinyl pressings of the album were issued in three colors – Dirt Rust and Leaves. 333 of each were produced.
 Morning Comes is the fifth album by Canadian alternative country group Cuff the Duke released October 4 2011 on Paper Bag Records. The album was nominated for Adult Alternative Album of the Year at the 2012 Juno Awards.It was the band's second album to be produced by Greg Keelor of Blue Rodeo.
 13th House is a 1981 album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner released on the Milestone label. It was recorded in October 1980 and features performances by Tyner with a big band that includes Joe Ford Hubert Laws Ricky Ford Slide Hampton Ron Carter Oscar Brashear and Charles Sullivan. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states everyone wanted to play with McCoy Tyner! The powerful music lives up to its potential.
 Walking the Floor Over You is a box set of Ernest Tubb's early recordings released in 1996. It is an eight-CD box set and was released in 1996. It contains 208 songs many of them are previously unissued on LP or CD. The set includes extensive liner notes session notes and photographs.The collection covers Tubb's recordings from 1936 until early 1947. It ranges from Tubb accompanied only by his guitar to the developing of the roots of honkey tonk music.
 Bravehearted is an album by Nas' protégés the Queensbridge rap duo Bravehearts. The duo includes Nas' brother Jungle and fellow friend Wiz. The album however didn't do well in sales due to little promotion it only came in at number 75 in the Billboard 200 Charts and 20 in the Hip Hop/R&B Charts. Besides Nas releasing an album off his Ill Will Records Bravehearts were the only other label members to release a record off this label.
 Collection 004 is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It is the fourth volume of the Collection series. The first five volumes were recorded for Ylem and consist of studio sessions with Kiyoshi Mizutani then a member of Merzbow. However Ylem went out of business before they could be released.
 Nedelja na Duhove (trans. Pentecost Sunday) is the only album by Serbian rock supergroup Dobrovoljno Pevačko Društvo.
 The Purity Album is the fifth album released by Carlos Coy a.k.a. South Park Mexican. It was released on Dope House Records in 2000. This is the first of three albums to be released on Universal Records.
 The Father's Song is an album by worship artist Matt Redman.
 Everybody Jam! is the second album by Scatman John. The album continues along the thematic lines of the first album but with an evolved sound and cemented his popularity in Japan released there with five bonus tracks. The album released two international singles: the title track tribute to Louis Armstrong and Let It Go all of which were successful. Additionally the Japanese bonus tracks Pripri Scat and Su Su Su Super Kirei charted successfully there as single releases.
 Villa Elaine was Remy Zero's second studio album released in 1998 and produced for Geffen Records. After recording the album Radiohead who the band had toured with previously added Remy Zero to their OK Computer tour. The album became popular for the song Prophecy which was used on the soundtrack for the movies She's All That and The Last Kiss.
 Oooh La La! is the eighth album by the Crash Test Dummies released 11 May 2010 on Deep Fried Records distributed by MRI Records. The songs on the album are based around the Optigan and Omnichord toy instruments.
 An untitled fifth studio album by Polish rock band Coma commonly known as Czerwony album (The Red Album) was released on October 11 2011 through Polish label Mystic Production. It was produced by Tomasz Zalewski.The album debuted at number 5 on the official Polish sales chart OLiS and charted at number 1 a week later. It was certified platinum.
 Más Caliente is the fourth album by Venezuelan group Calle Ciega released on October 27 2007.
 The Source Presents: Hip Hop Hits Volume 2 is the second annual music compilation album to be contributed by The Source magazine. Released November 10 1998 and distributed by Polygram Records Hip Hop Hits Volume 2 features eighteen hip hop and rap hits.
 Skin Deep is the debut album released by rapper Solé.
 It's Very Stimulating is an EP by MC Paul Barman.
 The Wonderful World of Cease A Leo is debut album by rapper Lil' Cease. It was released on July 13 1999 through Atlantic Records and was mainly produced by members of The Hitmen. The album proved successful and made it to #26 on the Billboard 200 and #3 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and also featured the single Play Around which made it to #52 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks and #9 on the Hot Rap Singles.
 Collapse is the first EP by Deas Vail. It was released on December 12 2006 under the Brave New World record label.
 3 Rounds and a Sound is the debut CD from the Portland Oregon indie duo Blind Pilot. The band released the CD on July 15 2008 on Expunged Records. Go On Say It was chosen to be a Single of the Week on July 7 2008 on Apple Inc.'s iTunes Store potentially yielding approximately 2 million downloads.
 Command is the fourth studio album by English electronic music group Client released on 4 March 2009.
 A Mended Rhyme is the fourth album by the Swedish metal band Tad Morose. This also happens to be their first album with Urban breed on vocals.
 The Living Return is the title of the fourth studio album by the British pop group Swing Out Sister. It was released in September 1994 on Fontana Records.
 Incredible is the fifth studio album of singer songwriter Ilse DeLange.
 Vedergällningen (Vengeance) is Garmarna's third full-length album. All the songs are sung in Swedish. Euchari also contains some Latin.
 Worm Infested is the second EP by American death metal band Cannibal Corpse released in 2003 through Metal Blade Records. Primarily a compilation EP the songs were recorded by the band at various times and locations between 1996-2001.
 Live in NYC '97 is a live album by blues musician Johnny Winter recorded at the Bottom Line in Manhattan. Additional recording took place at Studio 900 New York City.
 Lead On is an album released by American country music artist George Strait. Released in 1994 on MCA Records the album was certified platinum in the U.S. for sales of one million copies. It includes the singles The Big One You Can't Make a Heart Love Somebody Lead On and Adalida which respectively reached #1 #1 #7 and #3 on the Hot Country Songs charts between 1994 and 1995. The album's title track was co-written by Teddy Gentry who at the time was a member of the band Alabama.
 School of Fish is the debut album by the band of the same name. It was released in March 1991.
 White Incarnation is an album released by The Pillows on May 21 1992. It is the band's last record to feature the original lineup as bassist Kenji Ueda left shortly after. Recorded in Britain the album shows heavy influence from British bands such as The Smiths and The Cure as well as experimentation with the more Jazz oriented style that would characterize The Pillows' following two albums.[citation needed]
 Bootlegs & G-Sides Vol. 2 was the fifth album released by rap group 11/5. It was released on October 31 2000 for Dogday and was produced by Ant Banks Funk Daddy and Dush Tray. The album was a sequel to the original Bootlegs & G-Sides but unlike the original which featured various accomplished Bay Area rappers this album featured more independent and unknown rappers.
 The Mathematician's Air Display (Mysterious Air Display) is the third album by Pekka Pohjola released in 1977 by Virgin Records. Esoteric Recordings is reissuing the album on 25 January 2010.The album is co-produced by Mike Oldfield and features him as guitarist (along with Georg Wadenius).
 Monkee Flips was a 1984 singles and rarities compilation album of songs by the Monkees issued by Rhino Records. Labeled as the Best of the Monkees Volume Four as it followed the two Arista compilations and Monkee Business picture disc the album featured an all-stereo selection of single sides and album tracks including several songs featured in The Monkees TV series.
 Can't Wait All Night is a 1984 album by Juice Newton. It was her first album on RCA Records since 1976 having recorded on Capitol Records in the interim. The album was Newton's last to chart on the Billboard 200 reaching #128.
 Capitol Steps Live! at the Shoreham is a 1984 album by the Capitol Steps.
 Life is the second studio album by nu metal band Dope. It was released on November 6 2001 on Sony Records and has sold over 73000 copies in the U.S.
 The Inkwell is a mixtape by singer-songwriter-producer Sean Garrett. It is hosted by DJ Green Lantern. It was released on August 24 2010. The mixtape is available for free-legal download. The mixtape features Soulja Boy Roscoe Dash Drake Tyga Gucci Mane Nicki Minaj Lil Wayne Bun B and Yo Gotti.
 A um bum is the eighth studio album by the Serbian rock band Električni Orgazam released on late 1999. This is the only album the band had released under the City Records label.
 ...Un Sol (also known as 1 + 1 = 2 Enamorados) is the first album released by Mexican singer Luis Miguel. Released in 1982 when Miguel was eleven years old.
 En el Jardín del Corazón is the first album by Gandhi a Costa Rican music group.
 I Lie is a 1982 country music album by Loretta Lynn. The album's one single release the title track I Lie proved to be the last Billboard solo country top ten record of Lynn's career.
 Otoko Uta: Cover Song Collection is Japanese pop singer Hitomi Shimatani's first cover album. It is available in both CD and CD+DVD format.
 The Ministry Years is a two-volume posthumous compilation album series by American contemporary Christian music pianist and singer Keith Green originally released in 1987 and 1988. Each two-disc volume covers half of Green's recording career: 1977-1979 and 1980-1982. Included with each volume is a 19-page booklet insert. These compilation albums are treated with several previously unreleased songs (denoted by a ** below).
 Pure Mania is the debut album by the punk band the Vibrators. It was released in 1977 on Epic Records and reached No. 49 in the UK Albums Chart. The song Baby Baby was released as a single and punk band Stiff Little Fingers got their name from the song of the same name from this album.
 Pacifique is the fourth studio album and soundtrack by the French duo Deep Forest released on December 12 2000 by Sony Music / St George label. It mixes Pacific and island beats with electronic music. The music was written for the French film Le Prince du Pacifique directed by Alain Corneau. The album was less successful than were its predecessors.
 The score composed by Charlie Clouser was also released on CD.
 The Collection is the third greatest hits album by American singer Belinda Carlisle released in the UK on March 17 2014 by Demon Music Group.
 Balladeering is a 2009 studio album by Danish jazz guitarist Jakob Bro.The vinyl version of the album came with a DVD featuring the movie Weightless which documented the making of the album.
 L is Candy Lo's third EP. It features three songs all sung in Mandarin. This EP is Candy's shortest to date.
 The Diving Board is the thirty-first studio album by British singer-songwriter Elton John. It is his thirtieth solo album and the second of his studio releases since 1979's Victim of Love without any of his regular band members. The album was released in the United Kingdom on September 16 2013 and debuted at #3 on the UK album chart his highest charting studio album in that country since 2001's Songs from the West Coast and at #4 on the Billboard 200.
 Marcus Collins is the self-titled debut studio album by Marcus Collins who finished as the runner-up of the eighth series of The X Factor. The album was released in Ireland on 9 March 2012 and on 12 March 2012 in the UK.
 Long Live The Kings is the eleventh studio album released by the Kottonmouth Kings on April 20 2010 and was the first album that featured their newest addition to the group The Dirtball. It's also the only album to date that featured 8 members of the Kottonmouth Kings on the cover of the album as it was released just prior to Pakelika leaving the group. The album features the likes of Tech N9ne Insane Clown Posse and Big B.
 Shout God's Fame is the first live album of Christian Contemporary music from Hillsong London.
 Modern is Wolfgang Voigt's first release under the Gas alias. It is an EP released in 1995 on the Profan label. Unlike Gas albums the tracks are titled and the artwork of release lacks the unifying forest theme present on nearly all other Gas releases.
 Our Man in Paris is a 1963 jazz album by saxophonist Dexter Gordon. The album's title refers to where the recording was made Gordon (who had moved to Copenhagen a year earlier) teaming up with fellow expatriates Bud Powell and Kenny Clarke both Parisian residents and native Parisian Pierre Michelot.
 Exile is the first studio album by the French symphonic black metal band Anorexia Nervosa. It was released in 1997 through Season of Mist. It is notable as the band's only industrial metal album before they became a symphonic black metal band. It is also the only album to feature Marc Zabé as one of the guitarists and Stéphane Gerbaut on vocals as he was later replaced by R.M.S. Hreidmarr when the band decided to abandon the industrial metal.
 Salto Mortal was the first studio album of Electronic music group Fangoria.This was released in 1990 giving way to a new era for Alaska.
 Another City Another Sorry is the debut studio album by Manchester band The Answering Machine. It was released on 15 June 2009 in the United Kingdom on Heist or Hit Records.
 Sogna ragazzo sogna is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Roberto Vecchioni.
 All My Life: Their Greatest Hits is the greatest hits album (eighth overall) released by K-Ci & JoJo. It contains all of their singles as a duo as well as favourites from their four albums.
 True Story is the second studio album by hip-hop group Terror Squad. The album was a hit reaching #7 in the US. The album features the hit single titled Lean Back which hit the Billboard Hot 100 at #1 and reached #24 in the UK charts. The single Lean Back also has an official remix featuring Eminem Lil Jon and Mase.Late rappers Big L and Big Pun appear together on the song titled Bring 'Em Back.
 Le Mystère des Voix Bulgares (translated as The Mystery of Bulgarian Voices) is a Grammy award winning album of Bulgarian folk songs performed by the Bulgarian State Radio & Television Female Vocal Choir with guest-soloists Yanka Rupkina Kalinka Valcheva and Stefka Sabotinova.The album was the result of fifteen years of work by Swiss ethnomusicologist and producer Marcel Cellier and was released in 1975 on his small Disques Cellier label.
 The Day After Hell Broke Lose is a compilation album released by Rap-a-Lot Records in conjunction with producer Bigg Time.
 Holy Fuck is the 2005 eponymous debut release from Canadian electronica band Holy Fuck. Tracks 1 & 5 were recorded 9 November 2004 by Laurence Currie at Idea of East Halifax Nova Scotia. The remainder of the album was recorded 21 January 2005 by Dave Newfeld at Stars & Suns Toronto Ontario. All the tracks were mixed by Laurence Currie.
 Entering the Arena is the third album by the German industrial/EBM band Die Krupps.
 Easy as Pie is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton recorded in 1980 and released on the ECM label in 1981.
 A Good Day is the major label debut album by American singer–songwriter Priscilla Ahn. The album was released June 10 2008 on Blue Note Records.
 Scripted is the debut studio album by American rock band Icon for Hire. It was released on Tooth & Nail Records on August 23 2011 and went on to break the label's new artist record for albums sold during the first week of release.
 B.R.M.C. is the self-titled debut album by Black Rebel Motorcycle Club released on Virgin Records on April 3 2001.
 Magical Power from Mars is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released in 2003 by Important Records. Three of the tracks Ziggy Sitar Dust Raga Diamond Doggy Peggy and Cosmic Funky Dolly were originally released by Important Records as separate 3 CD singles but were later combined into this album with the bonus track Aladdin Kane.
 Trinity is the debut album by American heavy metal band Prototype. The album was released in 2002 following up from their 1998 EP Cloned. When the album was released in the U.S. in 2002 it was under the WWIII Music/AMC Label whereas it was released in Europe in 2004 under the Massacre Records label and featured two bonus tracks that were not on the American version.
 Velvet Gloves and Spit is the third album by Neil Diamond. His first for MCA's UNi label it included three low-charting singles: Brooklyn Roads (#58) Two-Bit Manchild (#66) and Sunday Sun (#68).Upon its initial release in 1968 it only had ten songs.
 From Bliss to Devastation is the fourth studio album by hardcore band Vision of Disorder released in 2001. this album has more of a alternative metal and post-grunge sound with elements of nu metal. It was also the last album released by the band before their breakup in 2002. A follow up The Cursed Remain Cursed was released on September 18 2012.
 Tell the Birds is the 2007 album by experimental composer Eve Beglarian.
 Bajo el signo de cain (Under Cain's Sign) is the twelfth album from Latin music singer-songwriter Miguel Bosé. Released on June 8 1993 it was his fifth full-length album for the WEA Latina label.
 Unrequited is the fifth album from Loudon Wainwright III. It was his last album on the Columbia Records label released in 1975. Tracks 1–7 were recorded in a studio while tracks 8–14 were recorded live at the Bottom Line in New York City. Tracks 15–17 are bonus tracks included on the Sony-Legacy CD reissue.Although stylistically typical of Wainwright's mid-1970s output the album is somewhat groundbreaking in that though all songs are originals one side is studio the other live.
 Sure Shot Redemption was Dres' first solo album after the breakup of Black Sheep. On the cover he is credited as Dres the Black Sheep. Fans around the Internet stated on several forums that the album missed the input of Black Sheep group member Mista Lawnge but it was satisfying enough for true fans.[citation needed] Although the album got little press or media attention it received overall good reviews.[citation needed]
 Regalia is a live album by Cecil Taylor and Paul Lovens recorded in Berlin on June 26 1988 as part of month long series of concerts by Taylor and released on the FMP label.The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states Regalia is a rare find for Taylor aficionados and a true showcase of the genius two men can display when they are open to change musically and personally.
 You Scare Me To Death is an album by Marc Bolan and the first LP of material released after his death in 1977. The album consists of unreleased outtakes and demos recorded by Bolan in 1966. Some of the songs would later be recorded by Bolan's band Tyrannosaurus Rex. In 1981 backing instrumentals were recorded and added to Bolan's original recordings. The album reached #88 on the UK Albums Chart.
 A Little Ain't Enough is the third full-length studio album by David Lee Roth (at the time former now current singer of Van Halen) released in January 1991 through Warner Music Group. It was certified gold on April 11 1991. Produced by Bob Rock the album featured the lead guitar work of Jason Becker a then up-and-coming guitarist who was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS aka Lou Gehrig's Disease) a week after joining the band.
 iTunes Live from Las Vegas Exclusively at the Palms is a live album by the alternative rock band My Morning Jacket released exclusively through the iTunes Store. The band release some songs of the first albums and the new album Evil Urges and a brand new song Dear Wife for this album.
 Wild Honey is the thirteenth studio album by American rock band the Beach Boys released on December 18 1967 by Capitol Records. Self-produced by the band Wild Honey was the second consecutive Beach Boys album since Surfin' U.S.A. not to give sole production credit to Brian Wilson who had gradually abdicated the band's musical leadership following the difficult sessions for the aborted Smile LP.
 The Wire Tapes Volume One is a tour-only album released by Dashboard Confessional in 2007. The album is a collection of cover songs sold only during Chris Carrabba's solo acoustic tour during fall 2007 and also in a limited release through the band's website in September of that same year. The album precedes The Shade of Poison Trees which was released on October 2nd on Vagrant Records.
 Tudo Foi Feito Pelo Sol is the sixth album by the Brazilian rock band Os Mutantes. The only original member of the band to take part in this album is guitarist Sérgio Dias.
 Drastic Plastic is the last album of art rock band Be-Bop Deluxe released in February 1978. It was recorded in Chateau Saint Georges Juan-les-Pins in the south of France in the summer of 1977.The material is different from the previous albums showing changes in the musical direction of the band.
 The Year Of The Voyager is a double DVD/CD released by Nevermore. It was released in Europe on October 20 2008 and in North America on November 25 2008 via Century Media. The set covers the This Godless Endeavor touring cycle starting with live footage from the U.S. Gigantour 2005 the Metal Mania festival 2006 in Poland the Wacken Open Air festival in 2006 in Germany and the main DVD show recorded at the Zeche in Bochum Germany.
 Horn of Plenty is the debut studio album by American indie rock band Grizzly Bear released on November 9 2004 on Kanine. Primarily a solo album by founding member Edward Droste the album also features contributions from future drummer Christopher Bear. In 2006 the band released an EP Sorry for the Delay featuring tracks recorded during the same time period.In 2005 a collection of remixes Horn of Plenty (The Remixes) was released.
 Derek and Clive Ad Nauseam is the third and final recording made by Peter Cook and Dudley Moore featuring their characters Derek and Clive. It also charts the breakup of Cook and Moore's partnership. As a marketing ploy the record was initially released with its own airplane sickbag. Moore walked out before the end of this recording as he found his relationship with Cook untenable particularly because of the level of vitriol directed at him throughout the sessions.
 Gauze (stylized GAUZE) is the first studio album released by Dir En Grey on July 28 1999. It is the band's first full-length record. Five tracks were produced by X Japan co-founder Yoshiki Hayashi all of which had been previously released as singles. The album was originally released on July 28 1999 as a standard version with a thick CD case 36 page booklet with the CD reading surface painted red through East West Japan.
 Controller is the third studio album released by Misery Signals and was released July 22 2008. The album was recorded by producer Devin Townsend who produced Misery Signals' debut record Of Malice and the Magnum Heart.On April 28th 2008 Misery Signals posted their first single for Controller called Weight of the World.
 Rockers into Orbit is the second live album by The Adicts. It was recorded on October 31 1986 in Germany.
 Rewind is the second studio album by the American musician Johnny Rivers released in 1967 by Imperial Records. The album includes cover versions of Baby I Need Your Lovin' and The Tracks of My Tears. Produced by Lou Adler with arrangements by Jimmy Webb who wrote eight of the songs the album peaked at #14 on the Billboard albums chart.
 Blue Train is a hard bop jazz album by John Coltrane released in 1957 on Blue Note Records catalogue BLP 1577. Recorded at the Van Gelder Studio in Hackensack New Jersey it is Coltrane's second solo album the only one he recorded for Blue Note as a leader and the only one he conceived personally for the label. It has been certified a gold record by the RIAA.
 Synd is an album by Imperiet released in 1986.
 Ya Nochnoy Huligan (Russian: Я Ночной Хулиган English: I am a Night Hooligan) is the first Russian album by Russian pop star Dima Bilan released on June 12 2003. It was distributed by Gala Records and the First Musical Publishing House (Первое Музыкальное Издательство) in Russia. It was recorded in Star Studios and Paul Vorotnikov and Dmitry Lykov mixed the tracks.
 Royce Concerto is the second studio album by American classical pianist and composer Richard Kastle. It is also a three movement concerto for piano and orchestra that was composed by Kastle and included in the album. The Philharmonia Orchestra also performs on the album released by Yum Recordings on September 30 1997.
 How Could It Be is the debut musical album and third album overall by comedian/actor Eddie Murphy. The album was released in July 1985 on Columbia Records and was produced by Aquil Fudge with the exception of the hit top ten single Party All the Time which was produced by Rick James. The album was met with overwhelmingly negative reviews but was a commercial success making it to #26 on the Billboard 200 and #17 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 One from the Modern is the fourth album by Ocean Colour Scene.The album made a departure from the two previous albums Moseley Shoals and Marchin' Already and is slower and sadder.
 Eyes on This is the second album by MC Lyte. It was released on September 12 1989 almost a year after her classic debut album Lyte as a Rock for First Priority and Atlantic Records and featured production from her brothers Audio Two as well as The King of Chill and Nat Robinson.
 Trading with the Enemy is the second album by collaborative band Tuatara. For this album the original foursome added a number of new members to play more instruments designed to expand their sound.
 Chet Baker Quartet featuring Russ Freeman is an album by jazz trumpeter Chet Baker originally recorded in 1953 and released as a 10 inch LP on the Pacific Jazz label. The album was reissued on CD in 1998 with 17 bonus tracks originally released on the 10 inch LP Chet Baker Quartet and 12 inch LPs Pretty/Groovy and The Trumpet Artistry of Chet Baker.
 Michelle Gayle is the self-titled debut album by British R&B-soul singer Michelle Gayle released in 1994 by RCA Records of BMG UK. The album includes the Top 10 single Sweetness along with four other UK Top 40 hit singles; Looking Up I'll Find You Freedom and Happy Just to Be with You. The album was produced and co-written in parts by Narada Michael Walden who had previously worked with artists such as Whitney Houston.
 The Best of Bud Powell on Verve is a selection of jazz pianist Bud Powell's recordings for Verve released on August 23 1994.
 Early Morning Migration is a minimal electronic album created by Anticipate and Microcosm label-head Ezekiel Honig with Morgan Packard. The album is Honig's third release.
 Heroes is a studio album by American country music singer Willie Nelson released by Legacy Recordings on May 15 2012. Produced by Buddy Cannon the album contains classic country songs new songs written by Nelson and his son Lukas and the classic song from Nelson's repertoire A Horse Called Music.
 The Hours is the original soundtrack album on the Elektra/Nonesuch label of the 2002 film The Hours starring Nicole Kidman Meryl Streep and Julianne Moore. The original score was composed by Philip Glass.Not all of the music in the film was composed specifically for it: earlier music by Glass including a theme from his opera Satyagraha was also featured and credited separately at the end of the film.The album won the BAFTA Award for Best Film Music.
 SuperCoolNothing is the fourth album by 16 Volt. With the first release out of print 2000 copies of the album were re-released by Dark City Music with new cover art. The first 100 copies were signed by the band.
 Bringing Down the Horse is the second album by The Wallflowers released in 1996. It contains hits such as One Headlight 6th Avenue Heartache Three Marlenas and The Difference. One Headlight was the band's most popular single reaching No. 1 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Modern Rock and Adult top 40 charts.
 The Revölution By Night is the ninth studio album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult released in 1983.The album was intended to capitalize on the unexpected success of Fire of Unknown Origin just two years prior hence the album's blend of straight-ahead rock and pop elements.
 Wikked Lil' Grrrls is Canadian American singer Esthero's second album her first full-length in seven years. It was released on June 28 2005 in North America by Reprise Records and was her first album to feature a Parental Advisory warning.
 Fotografija (trans. Photography) is the second solo album of the Bosnian singer Dino Merlin.
 Emozioni is the debut studio album by Dutch artist Marco Borsato. It was released on 3 March 1990 through Polydor Records.
 Hidden Treasures of Taj Mahal is a compilation album by American blues artist Taj Mahal. First disc contains previously unreleased studio tracks recorded between 1969-1973. Second disc contains full live concert from 18 April 1970 at Royal Albert Hall in London England.
 Stereogum Presents... OKX: A Tribute to OK Computer is a free downloadable tribute album to celebrate the tenth anniversary of Radiohead's OK Computer. The tribute album features songs by a variety of bands including the Cold War Kids Vampire Weekend My Brightest Diamond and The Twilight Sad. It was made available in July 2007 online at Stereogum's music blog website.
 Best Bits is a compilation album released by Roger Daltrey released in March 1982 in USA and under the title The Best of Roger Daltrey in Europe in 1981. It was released on MCA 5301 Canada and the album reached #185 in the U.S. charts. The tracks Martyrs And Madmen and Treachery were previously unreleased. The compilation and additional remixing were done by Jon Astley and Phil Chapman.
 Postgraduate Work is a self-produced 7 record released by MC Paul Barman.
 Stan Getz & Bill Evans is an album by jazz saxophonist Stan Getz and pianist Bill Evans recorded in 1964 for the Verve label but not released until the 1970s.
 Heartland is the title of a studio album released by RCA Records in 1987 by the American country music duo The Judds. It features the singles Don't Be Cruel (a cover of the Elvis Presley song) Turn It Loose and I Know Where I'm Going. The album was released in Europe under the title Give a Little Love as a 15-track compilation. It reached #1 on England's country album charts in 1987 soon after The Judds toured there.
 Navy Blues is the fourth album by Canadian rock band Sloan. Released on Murderecords in 1998 the album is slightly heavier than their previous albums showing an influence from 1970s rock mixed with their usual catchy melodic Beatles-esque sound. The album contains arguably their most popular song Money City Maniacs. Money City Maniacs was used in a beer commercial at the time; furthermore it became a top 10 hit in their native Canada and received heavy radio airplay.
 Telecinco announced in May 2006 that the fifth series of the Spanish version of the reality show Operación Triunfo based on the international series Star Academy was to be released in October 2006.On July 25 2006 Telecinco released a TV show called Operación Triunfo 2006: Otra Vez en Marcha.
 The Spitfire Collection is a compilation album released in 2007 by Spitfire Records. The release consists of tracks from the Spitfire-era Testament titles Live at the Fillmore (actually re-released by Spitfire) Demonic (also a re-release by Spitfire) The Gathering First Strike Still Deadly and Live in London.
 Animatron X is the debut full length album from glam band Peppermint Creeps. The album was released in 2002 and features many of the band's trademark songs.The intro track on the album is somewhat similar to the one used by Mötley Crüe at the start of the Shout at the Devil album.Videos released from this album would follow in the form of Lesbian and then Stupid.
 Step Lightly (Create Out Loud) is the debut album of Cubworld. This album was crowdfunded through Sellaband. The album was recorded at Bennet Studios New York New Jersey with backing vocals record at Studio Spitsbergen (in the Netherlands). The album was engineered by Travis Scott mixed by Joe West and mastered by Vlado Meller at Sony Music Studios. The album was recorded and released in 2007.
 Northern Songs: Canada's Best and Brightest is a compilation album of songs performed by some of Canada's best and brightest musicians released in September 2008 under Rhino Records and sold exclusively at Starbucks locations through their Hear Music label.
 Drake Equation is a 2001 (see 2001 in music) album by the band Tub Ring. It was produced by Mr. Bungle guitarist Trey Spruance.
 Hell Comes To Your Heart EP is an EP released by Mondo Generator on April 10 2011. It contains 4 songs serving as an upcoming teaser for the full length LP of the same name.
 The Velveteen Rabbit is an album by pianist George Winston and actress Meryl Streep released in 1984. The story The Velveteen Rabbit is narrated by Streep accompanied by Winston's piano pieces.
 Katrina and the Waves is the third album by New Wave band Katrina and the Waves and the first released on a major label released in 1985 (see 1985 in music). The majority of tracks were re-mixed and overdubbed versions of songs that had appeared on their first two albums; the tracks Walking on Sunshine and Going Down to Liverpool were entirely re-recorded versions of songs from their first independently released album.
 Am I Blue is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1963 and released on the Blue Note label.
 This Is the Warning is the debut album by Australian alternative/progressive rock band Dead Letter Circus. It was released on Friday 14 May 2010 and distributed by Warner Music Australia.
 Matadores is a Reggaeton/Hip-Hop album released by various artists like Cheka Ranking Stone Tego Calderón and more.
 The Fame is the debut studio album by American recording artist Lady Gaga. It was released on August 19 2008 through Interscope Records. After joining Kon Live Distribution and Cherrytree Records in 2008 Gaga began working on the album with different producers primarily RedOne Martin Kierszenbaum and Rob Fusari. Musically The Fame is a synthpop and dance-pop album that has influences of pop music from the 1980s.
 Black Brick Road is the sixth studio release by the gothic metal band Lake of Tears. It was released in 2004 after the band's reunion and signing to Noise Records. The album brought back the gothic sound of their earlier work combined with some progressive elements present on their previous album The Neonai.
 CBGB Forever is a compilation album produced by Josh Abraham. It is named after the theater in New York New York. It consists mainly of rare songs hits and covers. Artists include Green Day Blondie Foo Fighters Ramones U2 Talking Heads Good Charlotte Patti Smith Group Rancid The Damned Audioslave The Chesterfield Kings Velvet Revolver and The Dead Boys. It was released May 15 2007 by Wicked Cool Records.
 Eon is an album by American jazz pianist and composer Richard Beirach recorded in 1974 and released on the ECM label.
 The Best of Ray Stevens is a collection of previously recorded songs by Ray Stevens for Mercury Records the very first label that Stevens signed with. It was released in 1968 by a subsidiary of Mercury called Wing Records. It is not to be confused with the 1967 compilation of the same name. Unlike most of the collections of Stevens' music this compilation begins with the serious songs of Stevens.
 MTV Party To Go Volume 5 was the fifth album in the MTV Party To Go series. The album was certified Gold on September 20 1994 by the RIAA.
 Heartbreakin Man is an EP from Louisville Kentucky indie rock band My Morning Jacket. It was released on May 2000 by Darla Records.
 Fort Recovery is an album by Centro-Matic released in 2006.
 I Nihta Katevainei (The Night is Descending) is an album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki. It was released in 1993 and is her fifth personal album. It is a live recording from Eleftheria's shows at Apollon and also features Dimitris Zervoudakis and Anthoula Alifragi. It is orchestrated by Kostas Ganoselis and Antonis Mitzelos.
 The Enemy Inside is the second studio album by Japanese rock band coldrain released on February 16 2011.
 Elvis: A Legendary Performer Volume 2 is a compilation album featuring recordings by Elvis Presley. As with the first volume of the series issued in 1974 the collection was a mixture of previously released and never-before-released recordings. In this volume RCA Records released for the first time Harbor Lights a ballad Presley recorded during his first session for Sun Records in July 1954.
 Elva kvinnor i ett hus (Eleven Women In One House) released on December 1 1975 was the 5th and last full-length solo album in the Swedish language by Swedish pop singer and ABBA member Agnetha Fältskog.
 Overexposed is the fourth studio album by the American pop rock band Maroon 5 released on June 20 2012 by A&M Octone Records. The album was recorded between 2011 and 2012 and was driven after the moderate success of their third album Hands All Over (2010) and later by the enormous success of re-released single Moves like Jagger. The band worked with different producers such as Max Martin who serves as the album's executive producer Ryan Tedder Shellback and Benny Blanco.
 The Boy in Me is the 53rd album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).
 The Sun Comes Out Tonight is the sixth studio album by American industrial rock band Filter. Originally announced as Gurney and the Burning Books and intended for independent release in mid-2012 the band would later sign to major record label Wind-up Records leading to them to delay and rename the release. The album was released on June 4 2013 with the first single What Do You Say being released on May 7 2013.
 Manic Pop Thrill is the debut studio album by Irish indie rock band That Petrol Emotion. It was released in 1986 through record label Demon.
 Free For All Tour Demo is a 2005 album by Pigface.
 Under Satanæ is a compilation album by Portuguese gothic metal band Moonspell. It contains rerecordings of early material some of it from their 1994 work Under the Moonspell and the rest from their demo tapes Anno Satanæ (hence Under + Satanæ) and Serpent Angel from their debut demo (under name Morbid God).
 Another 4x4 but a sequel and a Different Rendition to the original 4x4 the original plans werefor a Freestyle 4x4 Reissue but with Collage and Denine Replaced with Tolga and Noel but instead the decided a new volume was necessary with Secret Society Tolga Stephanie and Meg.
 7 Sins is the debut album by rap duo Kane & Abel. It was released on October 8 1996 for No Limit Records and Priority Records and was produced by Master P and Beats By the Pound. The album found decent success peaking at #179 on the Billboard 200 #29 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #11 on the Top Heatseekers. As of 2004 7 Sins has sold 35000 copies. There was a music video for the single Gangstafied which was a decent success.
 In My Mind 1997–2007 the Best of Bertine Zetlitz is greatest hits compilation by Norwegian singer-songwriter Bertine Zetlitz and was released on December 3 2007. It comprises one CD of singles and two new songs and a second CD of remixes.
 La Historia del Blues (History of Blues) is a concept album by the Spanish band Siniestro Total released in 2000. The album tells the story of Jack Griffin a fictional African-American musician. Siniestro Total use Griffin's life as a means to chronicle both the evolution of blues during the 20th century and the recent history of the United States with all of its wonders and all of its atrocities.
 Undercover is the 17th British and 19th American studio album by The Rolling Stones released in 1983. After their preceding studio album Tattoo You which was mostly patched together from a selection of outtakes Undercover was their first release of all new recordings in the 1980s. With the advent of the MTV generation the band attempted to re-invent themselves for a new era.
 Black Sun is the fourth studio release and first concept album by German power metal band Primal Fear.The record is themed around a space exploration mission. A team of astronauts visit a new never before seen planet and their craft ends up blowing up in the process of reentry into the Earth's atmosphere. The person or thing they are speaking to in 'Armageddon' is often considered by fans to be the falcon on the covers of their albums.
 B-Sides & Rarities is the fifth and final compilation album released by Irish boyband Boyzone. The album was released on the same day as their greatest hits compilation Back Again... No Matter What. The album contains a selection of b-sides remixes and rare tracks recorded between 1994 and 1999. The album was exclusive to Woolworths stores across the UK and is now very sought-after.
 Acoustic...and more is an EP by power metal band Angra.
 All The Pretty People is the first collaborative EP release by the duo Christopher Norman and The Reverb Junkie (Michelle Chamuel). It was released in August 2012. In March 2013 the duo released a five track remix compilation of the EP titled All The Pretty Remixes - each track produced by a different artist.
 Summer EP is Hawk Nelson's EP for summer. It contains four tracks including the title track off their upcoming fourth studio album Live Life Loud.
 A Bunch of Stuff is a digital-only EP by the band LCD Soundsystem released on September 18 2007 (2007-09-18). It is a US-only release as all the songs on the EP (except the Franz Ferdinand cover of All My Friends) were included on the Someone Great single which was released in all other territories.
 pH7 is an album by Peter Hammill originally released on Charisma Records in September 1979.
 Natural Bridge is an album by American banjoist Béla Fleck released in 1982. Bela Fleck was a young bluegrass player whose work with such bands as Spectrum and the New Grass Revival pushed the envelope of bluegrass tradition and contributed to the development of the New Acoustic movement spearheaded by mandolinist David Grisman guitarist Tony Rice and others. Influenced by Bill Keith and Tony Trischka he moved the banjo sound much further than anyone could imagine.
 Sweet Inspiration is the title of Cilla Black's fifth solo studio album released in 1970 by Parlophone Records. The album peaked at number 42 in July 1970 the UK album charts.
 FabricLive.37 is a 2007 album by Caspa & Rusko. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series and was the first edition of the series to feature the dubstep genre of electronic music. Some of the tracks feature samples from the Guy Ritchie film Snatch the Nick Love film The Business the TV Series The Armando Iannucci Shows and Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory.
 There Is Nothing Else is the debut studio album by Uncle John & Whitelock. It was released in 2006 on CD and gatefold double LP and incorporates material recorded at Redchurch Recordings in London between 2003 and 2005 and material recorded at CaVa Studios in Glasgow in 2005. Included on the album are the singles The Train and 2 - Fiddy. Critical reception for the album was favourable it receiving a number of positive reviews including a five star review in the Sunday Herald.
 Nada! is the third studio album by English neofolk band Death in June. It was released in 1985 through record label New European Recordings.
 Sunshine is an album from Christian duo Jeff & Sheri Easter. It was released on September 28 2004.
 StillNo1 is the seventh album by German indie rock band Slut. It was released on January 25 2008.
 Music of the World Cup: Allez! Ola! Ole! is an album with various artists released on 9 June 1998 as the official music album for 1998 FIFA World Cup in France.
 Neighborhood Supastarz is the 17th album by rapper JT the Bigga Figga. The album was released on August 9 2005 for Get Low Recordz and was produced by JT the Bigga Figga. The album featured many of JT the Bigga Figga's discoveries and associates such as The Game Juvenile Young Buck E-40 and Daz Dillinger.
 Semaphore is the second studio album by Fridge released on 16 March 1998.
 Black Seeds is the third studio album by The Main Ingredient. Released in 1971 this is the last album to feature original lead singer Donald McPherson who had suddenly taken ill with leukemia died unexpectedly not long after the album's release.
 Feel Good Now is a live album by the New York No Wave band Swans. It was recorded from shows on their 1987 Children of God tour in Europe.
 Everyone Overcome is the fourth live praise and worship album by Desperation Band at New Life Church.
 Eat a Peach is the third studio album by American rock band the Allman Brothers Band. Produced by Tom Dowd the album was released on February 12 1972 in the United States by Capricorn Records. Following their artistic and commercial breakthrough with the release of the live album At Fillmore East (1971) the Allman Brothers Band got to work on their third studio album. Many in the band were struggling however with heroin addictions and checked into rehab to confront these problems.
 Road Radio is a 1995 album by Skydiggers.
 Grapefuit (グレープフルーツ Gureipufuruto) is the debut studio album of Japanese singer Maaya Sakamoto. Production and all music composition was by Yoko Kanno but she wrote the lyrics for the songs Migi Hoppe no Nikibi and Orange Iro to Yubikiri and co-wrote a third Feel Myself with Yūho Iwasato.
 Felt Vol 2: A Tribute to Lisa Bonet is the second album from American alternative hip hop duo Felt which consists of Murs and Slug. It is produced by Ant.This time the dedication is to former The Cosby Show and A Different World star Lisa Bonet.
 1982–85: Come una promessa is a compilation album by the Italian Hardcore punk band Declino that contains their whole discography.The album was released as a CD in 2004 by SOA Records and reprinted as an LP in 2005 by Agipunk.
 Emile Jacotey is the fourth album by the French progressive rock band Ange released in 1975.
 Rebirth of the Temple is the debut album by the metalcore music group Silent Civilian. It was released on May 2 2006 via Mediaskare Records. The album contains two enhanced videos - one music video for the song Rebirth of the Temple and a behind-the-scenes look at how the album was made.
 Red Extensions of Me is the fifth official full-length release from Benn Jordan as The Flashbulb.This album seems to be driven by the aesthetic of drum n bass/jungle theory used to accentuate a particular focus on electric guitar-controlled MIDI sequences written in a neo-classical metal style.
 Colours is an album by the drum and bass artist Adam F released in 1997 by Positiva.
 Stronda Style is the first album by Bonde da Stronda it was recorded between 2007-2008. The demo contains 16 tracks contains some of the greatest hits of the group as Nossa Química and Garota Diferente.
 2 Days or Die is an album that was released on February 12 2005 by Atlas Plug. The album was originally released only as a digital release (MP3) and later on CD.The album was mostly overlooked by mainstream reviewers although it did receive some positive coverage.
 Virus is the fourth full-length album by the French power metal band Heavenly. The advanced Japanese release occurred on September 21 2006 by Avalon Records.
 Britney Spears: In the Zone is the fifth video release by singer Britney Spears. Released by Jive Records on April 6 2004 it accompanied the album of the same name. The DVD contains her ABC concert special Britney Spears: In the Zone as well as footage from live performances to promote the album.
 Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna is the soundtrack album to the 2006 Bollywood film of the same name directed by Karan Johar starring Shahrukh Khan Rani Mukherjee Abhishek Bachchan Preity Zinta and Amitabh Bachchan. The music and score was composed by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy while the lyrics were penned by Javed Akhtar and was released on 16 June 2006 by Sony BMG.
 How Sweet To Be An Idiot is the first solo album by Neil Innes formerly of The Bonzo Dog Band and later of The Rutles and was released in 1973. Innes later said of this time United Artists had been very kind to me ... In my own way I wanted to repay them – by making a bunch of silly singles at a time when the music industry still seemed to have a sense of humour.
 Thuggin' is the second album by rapper Magic. It was released on August 31 1999 through No Limit Records. Thuggin' only found minor success compared to his previous album peaking at #27 on the Billboard 200 and #8 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. There was a promotional video for the singles That's Me and  Ice on My Wrist. There was also a single called 9th Ward which made it to # 20 on the Top/ Hip Hop Singles & Tracks.
 MTV Unplugged: Tony Bennett is a live album by Tony Bennett released in 1994.Backed by his usual Ralph Sharon Trio Bennett appeared on MTV Unplugged which despite being a superfluous platform (I've always been unplugged Bennett noted) showcased the Great American Songbook. Rock stars Elvis Costello and k.d.
 Servants of Darkness is the third album of Swedish black metal band Nifelheim. It was released in 2000 on CD (first 1000 came with a slipcase) LP (only 1000 copies 200 on golden vinyl) and on cassette by Rockor Disc in Romania.
 The Next Autumn Soundtrack & Jeniferever was a split EP recorded by post-rock bands Jeniferever and The Next Autumn Soundtrack released on December 1 2003. It was released on the independent record label Big Scary Monsters. The opening two tracks are by Jeniferever with the closing three by The Next Autumn Soundtrack.
 Exotico was the third album released by the flamenco-influenced Latin guitar instrumental duo Lara & Reyes.
 The Stars Are All New Songs is a 2008 studio album by Danish jazz guitarist Jakob Bro.
 The River & the Thread is a studio album by Rosanne Cash. It was released in January 2014 under Blue Note Records. The album received critical acclaim from music critics.
 The Official Secrets Act is M's second album released in 1980 on MCA Records.. The track Official Secrets was released as a single and charted in the UK at No. 64 in November 1980. The follow-up single was Keep It To Yourself. The track Maniac featured Phil Gould on drums and Mark King on bass. They would go on to form the successful Brit-funk band Level 42 who are still touring in one form or another today.The album title is a reference to the various UK Official Secrets Acts.
 Allegiance is the fourth full-length studio album by Firewind first released on 10 July 2006. Vocalist Chitral Somapala was replaced by Apollo Papathanasio and Stian L. Kristoffersen made way for Mark Cross on drums ending the previous tradition of changing line-up between albums. It was recorded at JM Studio Mölnlycke Sweden in February 2006 mixed by Fredrik Nordström with Patrik J.
 Women & Songs 9 is the ninth album in the Women & Songs franchise.
 Pyromania is the third studio album by English rock band Def Leppard released on 20 January 1983. It featured new guitarist Phil Collen and was produced by Robert John Mutt Lange. The album was a huge success charting at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 and No. 18 on the UK Albums Chart and selling over ten million copies in the US and thus being certified diamond by the RIAA.
 Defying Gravity is the sixth studio album by Australian country music artist Keith Urban. It was released on 31 March 2009 (see 2009 in country music) on Capitol Nashville. The album's lead-off single is Sweet Thing which topped the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart in March 2009. Kiss a Girl was released on 7 March 2009 as the second single. The album became Urban's first number-one album on the Billboard 200 selling 171000 copies in its first week of release.
 Greeting is the first album by Japanese pop singer Nami Tamaki. The album was released in Japan by Sony Music Japan then re-released in America by Tofu Records.
 Studio City is an album by Electric Company and Vas Deferens Organization released in 1999 through Tekito.
 2 Much Drama is the debut album by NBA star Chris Webber released under his nickname C. Webb. Released on March 16 1999 for independent label Lightyear Records the single Gangsta Gangsta (How U Do) did well making it to #10 on the Hot Rap Singles Chart. Guests include Redman and Kurupt.
 Pink Floyd's David Gilmour or simply David Gilmour is a film by David Gilmour from his 1984 tour from the album About Face for Europe. The film is mainly a concert performance from The Hammersmith Odeon in London in April 1984. It also features promotional clips. Lastly a documentary called After The Floyd which followed Gilmour on the 1984 solo tour and includes interviews with David on tour buses (the bus driver referred to David as ex-guitarist of Pink Floyd) and in hotel rooms.
 NY LA is a 2003 album by jazz musician Steve Cole. It features keyboards by Brian Culbertson and Marquis Dair and also vocals by Mauli B. It is Steve Cole's third studio album and reached as high as number six on the Billboard Top Contemporary Jazz Albums List. It includes the hit song Off Broadway which went to the top of the charts in 2003.
 This is about the music album. For other uses see Sedition (disambiguation).Sedition is the second album released by New Zealand death metal band Dawn of Azazel. It was released in October 2005 in New Zealand on Extreme Imprints. It was also released in USA and Europe in 2006 on Ibex Moon Records. It was the first studio album to feature Martin Cavanagh on drums.
 Bill Cosby Is Not Himself These Days (1976) is a musical comedy album by Bill Cosby.
 A Double Dose of Soul is the second album by saxophonist/flautist James Clay featuring performances recorded in 1960 and originally released on the Riverside label.
 Unrest is an album by British avant-rock group Henry Cow recorded at Virgin Records's Manor studios in February and March 1974. It was their second album and was released in May 1974.The album was dedicated to Robert Wyatt and Uli Trepte. The cover art work was by artist Ray Smith and was the second of three paint socks to feature on Henry Cow's albums.
 Freedom at Midnight is an album by American pianist David Benoit released in 1987 recorded for the GRP label. The album reached #5 on Billboard's Contemporary Jazz chart.
 Los Abandoned is the self-titled EP by the alternative rock band Los Abandoned.
 London Tuesday is a live album by Jandek released in 2008. It is Jandek's 55th release. The album was recorded on 18 October 2005 at St Giles in the Fields London England. This performance was the first to feature Jandek playing solo acoustic guitar and in a similar manner to the presentation of Glasgow Monday is an 8-part piece entitled No Mind Was A Good Mind. Like previous Jandek performances the show was also filmed and released separately on DVD.
 Jason Aldean is the self-titled debut album of American country music artist Jason Aldean. It was released on July 26 2005 and has been certified platinum by the RIAA. The album produced three singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts: Hicktown (No. 10) Why (No. 1) and Amarillo Sky (No.
 Will Stronger Than Death is the tenth full length studio album by the Polish Pagan metal band Graveland. It was released in 2007 on No Colours Records.
 Xaphan: Book of Angels Volume 9 is an album by the Secret Chiefs 3 performing compositions from John Zorn's second Masada book The Book of Angels. It is the fifth studio album to be released by the Secret Chiefs 3. As with the other volumes of the Book of Angels series the titles of the songs are characters from Jewish and Christian mythology. The title of the album Xaphan refers to one of the fallen angels who rebelled with Satan and set the Heaven on fire.
 Wishbone Ash is the first studio album by Wishbone Ash. The band's debut album became a reality when they were opening for Deep Purple in early 1970. Deep Purple guitarist Ritchie Blackmore was jamming during the band's soundcheck when Wishbone guitarist Andy Powell boldly plugged in and began jamming with Blackmore.After the show Blackmore recommended that MCA Records sign the band.
 Live at Blue Note is the first recording of the acoustic jazz sextet Origin featuring Chick Corea on piano. The album was recorded during a week-long gig in December 1997.
 Samurai Champloo Music Record: Departure is a soundtrack album released on June 23 2004 for the anime series Samurai Champloo. It is the second of four soundtrack albums released for the show.Departure was produced by Japanese DJ/producer: Nujabes and American MC/producer: Fat Jon.Departure was critically lauded with high praise being reserved for Battlecry. The song like its parent album propelled Nujabes and Shing02 the song's singer into the spotlight.
 Welcome Race Fans is an independently produced studio EP by Seven Mary Three. It was released in 2003 and was sold at the band's live concerts. It was also used to showcase the band's new songs to secure a new recording contract.Three of the EP's four songs appear on the band's subsequent album called Dis/Location released in 2004. This version of Without You Feels was used on Dis/Location but the other two songs were rerecorded. Nobody Knows does not appear on that album.
 When Robots Go Bad is the third studio album released by Hexstatic. The album features vocals from Ema J female MC B+ London's Sabirajade and MC Profisee from Edinburgh units Scotland Yard Emcees and Great Ezcape.
 Av Norrøn Ætt is Helheim's 2nd full-length album released in 1997.Guest Appearance: - Haldis: Violin Belinda: Sopran & Trumpet
 Stronger Than Ever is the fourth studio album by the German heavy metal band Grave Digger. However they changed their name to just Digger for this release. Retrospect Records a little-known record label very briefly issued a re-release of the album on CD in 2005. The CD was released with presumably no involvement from the band and is considered a bootleg.
 The Horror of Beauty is the third full length album released by the metal band My Ruin.
 Clear Air Turbulence is the second studio album by British jazz-rock fusion band Ian Gillan Band released in 1977 with cover by Chris Foss. The album was initially worked on during the period July 1976 to September 1976. A UK tour was promoted though all of the dates were cancelled until April 1977 in order that the new album could be rerecorded and remixed at Kingsway Recorders London. The album was reissued in 1989 by Virgin Records on CD and in 2010 by Edsel Records.
 Fur and Gold is the debut album by English recording artist Bat for Lashes released on 11 September 2006 by The Echo Label. It was released to critical acclaim and was nominated for the 2007 Mercury Prize. In 2007 the album was re-released through Parlophone. Fur and Gold contains the singles The Wizard Trophy Prescilla and What's a Girl to Do? In 2008 What's a Girl to Do? was re-released as a 12 with a remix featuring Scroobius Pip and Plaid.
 Surely You Joust was Ray Stevens' twenty-third studio album and his third for MCA Records. The album's front cover shows Stevens disguised as a medieval knight with a horse standing next to him. The album's back cover shows Stevens in the same costume but in a junk pile with two junk men.
 The Essentials is one of several greatest hits collections by Bananarama. This particular release was issued by Rhino Records' Essentials series. Also released within the same year was The Very Best of Bananarama issued by WEA to mark the group's twentieth anniversary.Only one song featured in this collection was recorded after the departure of group member Siobhan Fahey i.e. 1988 Love Truth and Honesty originally on their Greatest Hits Collection.
 Write It in Stone is the debut album of American country music artist Keith Harling. Released in 1998 on the MCA Nashville label it produced four singles: Papa Bear Coming Back for You the title track and There Goes the Neighborhood all of which charted on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts although only Papa Bear and Coming Back for You reached Top 40.
 Borders & Boundaries is the fourth studio album by ska punk band Less Than Jake. It was released October 24 2000 on Fat Wreck Chords. The album was recorded at Grand Master Studios in Hollywood CA with producer Steve Kravac and is the final studio album to feature saxophonist Derron Nuhfer and trombonist Pete Anna.
 Park is the sixth album from The Mad Capsule Markets. Sometime in 1996 PARK was the first album to be released in the United States with two mellower bonus tracks but there was little interest.
 Turboloid is an EP by the Norwegian band Turbonegro. It was released on 12 Vinyl in 1990 on bassist Thomas Seltzer's Straitjacket Records. Only 1000 copies were pressed. Carlos Carrasco plays the drums on this recording he later left to join Anal Babes on guitar.
 The Millennium Gathering is a live album by Mike Peters.The triple live CD edition featured 50 performances recorded live at The Gathering 'G8Y2K' Llandudno Conference Centre North Wales on the 14th and 15th of January 2000. The CD came in a limited numbered special white packaging and featured three colour coded CD's. Disc one Silver featured the best performances from Peters' solo' set of the friday evening.
 Espionage Made Easy is the second full-length studio album from Californian hardcore/metalcore band Cold War. It was released in May 2007 on the notable independent hardcore specialist label Indecision Records.
 Nite Versions is an electronic album by Soulwax. It was released on September 26 2005 on the PIAS record label. The album contains reworkings and remixes of tracks from earlier Soulwax album Any Minute Now.The album also features Teachers (a track inspired by the Daft Punk song of the same name from their album Homework in which their musical influences are listed off) and NY Lipps a 2 Many DJ's-style mash-up of NY Excuse with Lipps Inc.'s 70's disco track Funky Town.
 Take a Ride is the debut album by rapper Jayo Felony. The album was released on May 30 1995 for Jam Master Jay Records & Def Jam Records and was produced by Jam Master Jay T-Funk and Randy Allen.[citation needed] The album made it to #65 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop album chart.
 Motel Capri is the third album by Québécois néo-trad band Les Cowboys Fringants.
 Midnight Rendezvous is an EP by the British heavy metal band Tokyo Blade released in 1984 through the UK independent record label Powerstation Records. The songs were recorded with the original Tokyo Blade guitarist Ray Dismore before he left the band during the recording of the first album.The four tracks of the EP combined with four tracks of the band's first album Tokyo Blade were published as an LP during the same year by Combat Records in the USA under the title Midnight Rendezvous.
 Adrenalina is Finley's second studio album. It was released on June 15 2007 by EMI.They have already been released three singles from this CD: Adrenalina Domani and Questo sono io. Niente da perdere was played for the first time as anticipating the album Adrenalina at the MTV TRL Awards 2007 which took place in Milan on April 14 in Piazza Duomo followed by a medley of Fumo e cenere Tutto è possibile and Diventerai una star.
 Colección Privada: Grandes Éxitos & Remixes is the second greatest hits compilation by Spanish recording artist Mónica Naranjo released on April 27 2005.
 Live at the Royal Festival Hall is a live album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie and The United Nation Orchestra recorded in 1989 and first released on the Enja label in 1990. The concert has also been released on DVD.
 Helen Merrill with Strings is the second album by Helen Merrill featuring Merrill fronting a quartet augmented by a string section arranged by Richard Hayman recorded in 1955 and released on the EmArcy label.
 Best of Both Worlds is a DVD-Video release of two significant concerts performed by Australian rock band Midnight Oil. The featured concerts are Oils on the Water (from 1985) and Saturday Night at the Capitol (1982). Best of Both Worlds was released in 2004 by Triple J as part of their Live at the Wireless programme.
 Songs for the Deaf is the third studio album by American rock band Queens of the Stone Age. Released on August 27 2002 the album features Foo Fighters and former Nirvana member Dave Grohl as a guest drummer. Like their other albums Songs for the Deaf has a large number of guest musicians a signature of the band's releases. The album garnered critical acclaim and the band earned its first gold record certification in the United States after selling 986000 copies.
 Standards is the fourth album by the American post-rock band Tortoise.
 The Rubinoos was the 1977 debut album by American power pop band The Rubinoos. It was rereleased a number of times on different labels with Bonus Tracks. The Rubinoos rereleased it again on their own label November 30 2011 (Bonus tracks listed below).
 I'm Just a Rock'n'Roll Singer is the third album released by progressive rock band Lucifer's Friend in 1973. This album marks the point where they completely turn away from dark lyrics and heavy metal sound.
 A Time to Sing is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams Jr. The Album was issued by MGM Records as number SE 4540ST. The full title is: From The Motion Picture Sound Track Hank Williams Jr. Sings Songs From Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's A Time To Sing. The song Next Time I Say Goodbye I'm Leaving is sung by Shelley Fabares.
 Kyrie is a double album by Italian singer Mina released in 1980.Released as Vol. 1 and Vol. 2 Kyrie is at ease experimenting and divulging Mina's music into other genres especially rock.
 Uplifter is the ninth studio album by American rock band 311 released on June 2 2009 by Volcano Records. It is the band's first album in nearly four years the longest gap between albums in 311's career. Uplifter was produced by Bob Rock who has produced or engineered albums by numerous notable acts such as Metallica Aerosmith Mötley Crüe Bon Jovi The Cult Our Lady Peace and The Offspring. It debuted at #3 on the Billboard 200 their highest position to date.
 Hello Hurricane is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band Switchfoot. On February 13 2011 the album won the award for Best Rock Gospel Album at the 53rd Grammy Awards. It was co-produced by the band and Mike Elizondo after initially self-producing their work as well as test runs with producers such as Ken Andrews and Charlie Peacock. The album was recorded mainly in the band's Spot X Studio in their hometown of San Diego California.
 The Christmas Album is Roberta Flack's first holiday album and was released in 1997. The songs There's Still My Joy and 25th of Last December are original compositions to this album while the track As Long as There's Christmas (a duet with Peabo Bryson) was from the direct-to-video Disney film Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas.
 Encyclopedia of Sound is the fifth studio album by American instrumental rock band Los Straitjackets released in 2001 by LoveCat Music.
 Freaks (subtitled: Ten Stories About Power Claustrophobia Suffocation and Holding Hands) is the second album by British pop band Pulp.
 Live White is a live album by Sunn O))) recorded at the Northsix in Brooklyn New York. The first five tracks are from White1 and White2.[citation needed] NN O))) is from ØØ Void and Death Becomes You is from Flight of the Behemoth. Caveman Salad would later become Orthodox Caveman on Black One.
 Electric Youth (Atlantic LP 81932) is the second album by Debbie Gibson released January 24 1989 on Atlantic Records. It is the highest-charting album of her career staying at the top of the Billboard Hot Albums chart for five weeks and reaching Number 8 on the UK album chart.
 Amongst the Catacombs of Nephren-Ka is the debut studio album by American death metal band Nile. The album was released on April 28 1998 through Relapse Records. The album is considered to be their breakthrough record. In contrast with the following album Black Seeds of Vengeance the songs are much shorter in length than the songs featured on later Nile albums.The title of the album is a reference to the H. P. Lovecraft story The Outsider.
 How Not to Die in Less Than 24 Hours is a metal rock album written and performed by Positive Infinity. The album was released on December 10 2005.
 Easy is an album recorded by Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell and released by Motown Records on September 16 1969 under the Tamla Records label. One song on the album Good Lovin' Ain't Easy To Come By was a hit single and remains popular to this day. Terrell had been ill suffering from complications caused by a brain tumor since the fall of 1967.
 Diamonds Unlocked is the twelfth album by German guitarist Axel Rudi Pell. It is a cover album released in September/October 2007. The album consists of 10 cover tracks and 1 self-written introduction track. Axel Rudi Pell attempted to make cover versions of tracks from typically non-metal artists including Phil Collins and Michael Bolton in order to show how these songs would be done in his signature melodic rock/metal style.
 All in the Mind is the sole album of dance music act The Bucketheads.Released in 1995 it featured the act's two most successful singles The Bomb! (These Sounds Fall into My Mind) and Got Myself Together.
 The Three Calamities is the third and final studio album from Switchblade Symphony.
 U mojoj sobi (Serbian: In My Room) is a second studio album by Serbian pop singer Aleksandra Kovač. It was released in 2009.The album contains 11 songs out of which one is sung in Spanish and one in English language. All the songs off the album produced Aleksandra Kovač herself.
 Masterpiece is the fourth album by old-school hardcore MC Just-Ice it was released in 1990. Masterpiece was Just-Ice's final album on the Fresh/Sleeping Bag Records label and it was produced by Grandmaster Flash.
 Reality Rap is third studio album by Queensbridge hip hop trio Infamous Mobb. Production by Alchemist Sid Roams Erick Sermon Havoc Evidence and others.
 Zé Ramalho da Paraíba is a compilation of rare songs by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho in 2008. Most of the tracks were recorded live in a time they were still unknown. Avôhai (a tribute to Ramalho's grandfather) for example was performed only three days after his death (as said in the beginning of the song) but became a hit single years after.
 We're a Winner is an album (and song) by the American soul music group The Impressions. The album was their last one released before they changed to the Curtom Records label.Despite The Impressions' late sixties work being known for expressing the band's social and/or inspirational viewpoints most of We're a Winner's tracks are love songs. The exceptions are the title track We're a Winner and Little Brown Boy.
 Saturday Night with Conway Twitty is a 1959 album by Conway Twitty.
 Duets: An American Classic is an album by Tony Bennett released in 2006.The album was released in conjunction with Bennett's 80th birthday the previous month. The songs selected were mostly ones that Bennett had played a major role in introducing into the Great American Songbook.
 Here and Now is an album by the Jazztet led by trumpeter Art Farmer and saxophonist Benny Golson. It features performances recorded in 1962 and originally released on the Mercury label.
 All the Little Lights is the fourth studio album by British singer-songwriter Passenger and was released by Black Crow Records on 24 February 2012. The album contains 12 tracks comprising 11 studio tracks recorded at Sydney's Linear Recording and one song recorded live at The Borderline in London. A limited edition features a second disc containing acoustic versions of eight songs from the album.
 You Can't Win is the third full-length by Dolorean released in 2007 on Yep Roc Records. Compared to their previous studio albums You Can't Win is more ambitious. According to a post he wrote on Yep Roc's Website frontman Al James sought to change this. Neil [Young] used to book studio time and shows for himself and Crazy Horse without rehearsing new songs with the band he wrote. James booked several shows and several subsequent dates in a recording studio as a result.
 Greedy Dead Souls is the first studio album released by Japanese rock band Lynch. It was released on April 20th 2005 by Marginal Works in Japan. Only 1000 copies of the album were pressed.
 Mientras no cueste trabajo is Asturian pop singer Melendi's third studio album. The disc includes the song Arriba Extremoduro which was an homage that Extremaduran group and though it isn't a remake it does sample the song La vereda de la puerta de atrás. In 2007 it was rereleased with four new songs: Firmes El rey de la baraja La aceituna and Me gusta el fútbol.
 King of the Nordic Twilight is the first album in a solo trilogy by the Italian symphonic power metal songwriter and guitarist Luca Turilli. It was released in 1999 through Limb Music Productions.The limited edition of this album comes in a digibook with an expanded booklet. A video for the song The Ancient Forest of Elves is included as a hidden feature on the disc in .mov format.Track 11 is unlisted on any form of the album.
 Harmacy is the sixth album by American indie rock band Sebadoh. It was released by Sub Pop in 1996.It is the second and final Sebadoh album to feature drummer Bob Fay who replaced founding member Eric Gaffney in 1994.The album cover features a photograph of a pharmacy in Cashel Ireland taken by band member Jason Loewenstein on tour. The missing P gave the album its title.
 Anniversary E.P. is an EP by Australian alternative rock band Jebediah released on 20 June 2005. It peaked at number 86 on the ARIA Singles Chart.
 Você Nem Imagina (Portuguese for You Can't Even Imagine) is a compilation/greatest hits album by Brazilian band Fellini. It was released on December 6 2010 by Fonomatic a subsidiary of independent record label/distributor Tratore. It features re-recordings of some of Fellini's previous songs ranging from their 1985 debut O Adeus de Fellini to 1989's Amor Louco.
 Hint's debut album Portakabin Fever was released on the Hombre independent record label in association with Ninja Tune on 22 April 2003.The album reportedly got its name as it was recorded in a Portakabin. The album's inlay features a cartoon drawn by graphic artist Will Barras in which Hint is depicted fishing in the (imagined) swamp outside his home. The cartoon prompted a comic strip loosely based on James' lifestyle which was serialised in Japanese magazine Plus 81.
 Meet the Orphans 2: New Generation is a re-edition of the album Meet The Orphans by Reggaeton singer Don Omar. It was released in May 1 2012. The previews of three songs were released through YouTube on April 17 2012.
 Love Is Hell is the fifth studio album by alternative country artist Ryan Adams released on May 4 2004. The album was originally released as two EPs Love Is Hell pt. 1 and Love Is Hell pt. 2 at the insistence of Lost Highway who deemed that the album was not commercially viable. A full-length version of the album was released when the EPs proved to be more of a commercial success than anticipated.The Oasis cover Wonderwall was released as a single in the UK on June 28 2004.
 Back Home is the fifth major album release from Caedmon's Call.
 Manic Frustration is the fifth album by the American doom metal band Trouble released in 1992. The album marked a change in style for Trouble featuring a faster-paced psychedelic sound (as opposed to the slower doom metal style featured on their earlier albums). It was the band's last release on Def American.The album is currently available as a digital download via Amazon.com.
 Hometown is a live album by The Dubliners recorded and released in 1972. Its release was short-lived because Raglan Road was split across both sides of the original LP. Recorded at the National Stadium in Dublin it featured the original members. The album included songs that had not previously been recorded.
 The Beatles Bootleg Recordings 1963 is a compilation album of 59 recordings by The Beatles released on 17 December 2013 exclusively through the iTunes Store initially appearing to have only been available for a few hours. The album is currently available again for purchase. The compilation was released worldwide in order to prevent recordings made by the Beatles in 1963 from legally entering the public domain in Europe due to revised copyright laws.
 Anxiety is the second album by the alternative rock/post-grunge music group Smile Empty Soul. The album was scheduled to be released in the fall of 2005 via Lava Records but after numerous push-backs due to heavy protest from religious groups (mainly in regards to the proposed lead single Holes) the label scrapped the album and Smile Empty Soul departed. Though Lava chose not to release the album they would not allow the band to on their own as they owned the rights to the music.
 Musipal is an album by Luke Vibert under the alias Wagon Christ.
 The Harder They Come is the soundtrack album to the iconic film of the same name released in 1972 in the United Kingdom as Island Records ILPS 9202. It was issued in February 1973 in North America as Mango Records SMAS-7400. It peaked at #140 on the Billboard 200.
 Taking Up Your Precious Time is the first full-length album by American electronic music artist Pretty Lights and was co-produced by fellow Pretty Lights Music label-mate Michal Menert. The album was released October 23 2006 on Pretty Lights Music. It is known for including the song Finally Moving (which samples the song Something's Got a Hold on Me a 1962 single from Etta James Top Ten). The song is popular amongst fans and is a favorite at live performances.
 Aquarius is the second studio album by Danish-Norwegian band Aqua. The album was released on 28 February 2000 by Universal.
 All Killer No Filler is the first studio album by the Canadian rock band Sum 41 released on May 8 2001. It was certified platinum in the United States Canada and in the UK.Despite mixed reviews the album was a commercial success peaking at No. 13 on the Billboard 200. The single Fat Lip peaked at No. 1 on the Billboard Rock Tracks. In recent years the album has received highly positive reviews and has been praised as the album that gained the band success.
 Tennessee Plates is country music singer-songwriter Mark Collie's fifth full-length release as well as his only album for Giant Records. It featured 3 singles. Three Words Two Hearts One Night charted at number 25 while Steady as She Goes reached at peak of 65. The last single Lipstick Don't Lie failed to chart. Spirit of a Boy Wisdom of a Man was later released as a single by Randy Travis from his 1998 album You and You Alone.
 Quebec Magnetic is a live concert video album by Metallica documenting two shows the band played at the Colisée Pepsi in Quebec City Canada on October 31 and November 1 2009 on their World Magnetic Tour released on December 11 2012.
 At Last is a Grammy Award-nominated 2003 album by Cyndi Lauper. It made the top 40 of the album charts in both the US and Australia. The album features a duet with Tony Bennett on Makin' Whoopee. Lauper co-produced the album with Russ Titelman.
 Curriculum Vitae is a compilation album by recording artists of Nigerian record label Mo' Hits Records released in 2007 by the label. Nigerian record producer Don Jazzy head of the label first revealed plans for a label collaborative album in 2006. The album produced five singles—Why Me (Remix)Pere Ololufe Booty Call and Move Your Body.Upon its release Curriculum Vitae received positive reviews from music critics.
 Poderoso is the sixth album released by Christian singer Marcos Witt. The album was recorded live from México City México.
 El Quinto Trago (Eng:The Fifth Drink) is a studio album released by Grupo Bryndis.
 7 Weeks: Live in America 2003 is the first live album released by Christian metal band Stryper. Released on May 18 2004 it was recorded during the band's reunion tour in 2003. A live DVD titled Stryper: Live in Puerto Rico was recorded during the band's sold out show in San Juan Puerto Rico and was supposed to be released alongside the live album. The DVD was finally released on September 2006.
 Years of Refusal is the ninth solo album by Morrissey. Distributed by Decca in the UK and Lost Highway in the US it was released on 16 February 2009 in the UK and on 17 February 2009 in the US. Morrissey has described his newest album the follow-up to 2006's UK #1 record Ringleader of the Tormentors as his strongest work to date. It was the last album completed by legendary producer Jerry Finn before his death.
 Rage Against the Machine (also known as American Composite) is the original demo tape by Los Angeles rap metal band Rage Against the Machine released in December 1991. The 12-track tape was recorded at Sunbirth Studio in Los Angeles California after drummer Brad Wilk joined the band but before they had played their first live show. When the band began performing live shows they sold the tape for $5 and sold around 5000 copies.
 Akisakila is a live album by Cecil Taylor recorded at Koseinenkin Dai-Hall in Tokyo in May 1973 and originally released on the Japanese Trio label as a double LP. It features a performance by Taylor with Jimmy Lyons and Andrew Cyrille. The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states The early '70s was Taylor's most articulate period of his method of propelling dynamic energy forth into conical spirals of harmonic mystery and danger.
 No Answer: Lower Floors is a studio album by American rock trio Wolf Eyes. It was released in April 2013 under De Stijl Records.
 Big Bad Beautiful World is the second full-length album by Declan O'Rourke.
 Re: Person I Knew is a live album by jazz pianist Bill Evans with Eddie Gomez and Marty Morell recorded at the Village Vanguard in New York City in 1974 and released on the Fantasy label in 1981. Additional recordings from Evans' 1974 Village Vanguard performances were also issued on the album Since We Met (1974).
 Tweekend is the second album by American duo The Crystal Method released in 2001. The album featured the hit lead single Name of the Game which has been featured in many films television shows and commercials. The other two singles from the album were Murder (a.k.a. You Know It's Hard) and Wild Sweet and Cool. The album title is derived from the massive demise of the West Coast rave scene in the late 1990s and 2000s.
 Insomniac's Dream is an EP by Adema and was released on November 5 2002 after the band's self-titled Adema. Only the first three tracks are new (not remixes) though Shattered was released on some international versions of Adema and Nutshell is a remake of an Alice in Chains song which was well received by their fans. Immortal was the theme song for Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance and is the only song to have had a music video.
 Piya Basanti is a Hindi album released on 28 November 2000. Sultan Khan and K. S. Chithra are the singers and Sandesh Shandilya is the composer. The album was a runaway success and was certified Gold.
 The Coming is the debut album by American rapper Busta Rhymes released on March 26 1996 by Elektra Records. Recording sessions for The Coming began in late 1994 and concluded in early 1995 at various recording studios. The Coming features rapping from Def Squad members Redman and Keith Murray as well as a guest appearance from Q-Tip and singing from Zhané and different future Flipmode Squad members.
 I Believe is the second studio album of the Christian hip hop/Christian Rock band Rapture Ruckus from Wellington New Zealand. Released through Parachute Records the album won the 2006 Gospel/Christian Album of the Year at the New Zealand Music Awards. The single Lose Control charted at #7 on the NZ iTunes video charts.
 Transnational Speedway League: Anthems Anecdotes and Undeniable Truths is the first full-length album by rock band Clutch. It was released on August 17 1993 on East West Records. It received a parental advisory because of the repeated use of the word motherfucker in the song Binge and Purge.
 BBC Sessions is a 1998 release by Loudon Wainwright III.
 Songs from the Underground is the second extended play released to the public by American rock band Linkin Park. It features songs previously released through the Linkin Park Underground fan club as well as two previously unreleased live tracks from Projekt Revolution.
 Censurado is an album by Ranking Stone.
 Normal Happiness is the sixth album by Robert Pollard. Like its predecessor it was recorded with Pollard on basic guitar and vocal tracks with instrumental overdubs from producer Todd Tobias.
 Goodbye Bread is the fourth album by San Francisco garage rock singer-songwriter Ty Segall. Pitchfork placed the album at number 31 on its list of the Top 50 albums of 2011. The album presented a much more melodic sappy energy relative to Segall's previous rock-oriented releases.
 Zambodia is the only studio album by the American experimental music ensemble Motherhead Bug released on October 15 1993 through Pow Wow Records. The record is dedicated to Masami Shinoda a Japanese alto-saxophonist and composer who died the year prior to its release.
 Saints & Sinners is the second studio album by British-Canadian girl group All Saints. It was released three years after their debut album All Saints. Promo copies of the track Surrender were circulating from early January 2001 indicating it would have been the fourth proper single from the album had the group not disbanded soon after the album's release. The album charted at number one in the UK their only album to do so.
 Royal Astronomy is the fifth album from British IDM Producer µ-Ziq and follow up to Lunatic Harness.The album's title is a reference to an essay by Kurt Vonnegut (collected in Fates Worse Than Death) in which Vonnegut compares commentators on the intellectual and moral decline of society to the Royal Astronomer in The White Deer by James Thurber who believes that the stars in the night sky are going out one by one but in fact this is because he is slowly going blind.
 Fly High is the Third album by Me & My. It was released in 2001.
 Strangers is English rock band Keane's first musical-documentary DVD. It was named Strangers as their feelings before triumphing in music and as a reference to the song We Might as Well Be Strangers appearing on their debut album Hopes and Fears.The discs contain a documentary narrated by Ed Roe friend and photographer of Keane and co-narrated by Keane. Band members talk about their feelings before being famous and how they succeed.
 Jingle All the Way is a 2002 Christmas album by Crash Test Dummies.
 The Price of Progression is the third full-length album from New Jersey U.S. band Ensign. It follows on from the 1999 release of Cast the First Stone and was recorded in November - December 2000 for an April 2001 release on Indecision Records.
 Disneymania also known as Disneymania 1 is the first album in the Disneymania series featuring various musical artists performing classic Disney songs. The original album released on September 17 2002 featured contemporary Disney classics. It was considered a commercial success and achieved Gold certification from the RIAA in February 2003 despite peaking at 52nd place on the Billboard 200.
 Declaration of Conformity is the first studio album by the American rock band Wellwater Conspiracy. It was released on June 17 1997 through Third Gear Records.
 Crying Time is a studio album by Ray Charles released in February 1966 as the first release on his label Tangerine which was distributed by ABC Paramount.
 Treeful of Starling is the 2006 release by Canadian musician Hawksley Workman.
 A Family Album is a children's album by The Verve Pipe released in 2009.
 Some People Can Do What They Like is Robert Palmer's third solo album released in 1976. It includes Man Smart Woman Smarter which peaked at #63 on the Billboard Pop Singles chart and #46 in the UK in 1977. The album peaked at #68 in the US. The album was dedicated to Mongezi Feza. The model on the front cover engaging Palmer in a game of strip poker is Playboy magazine's April 1976 Playmate of the Month Denise Michele.
 Sin is the fifth studio recording from Mother Superior and the first of two to be produced by MC5 legend Wayne Kramer.
 Space Avenue is the 6th studio album by the Finnish avant-garde progressive metal band Waltari.
 Savoy is the fifth album from the Norwegian group of the same name released October 30 2004 in Norway. Like their two previous releases there was a regular edition and limited edition. However this time the limited edition bonus CD has been substituted by a DVD containing the videos for Isotope and Whalebone. There is also a Making Of featurette. Whalebone appears in the critically acclaimed film Hawaii Oslo.
 City Lights - Classic Performances by Lou Reed is a compilation album by Lou Reed.
 If It Leads Me Back is the first studio album by Contemporary Christian musician Lindsay McCaul released on January 17 2012 by Reunion Records.
 The Modern Jukebox Collection is Sheryn Regis' third studio album under Star Records released on November 2006.
 Hoot (Hangul: 훗; subtitled 009) is the third mini-album by a South Korean girl group Girls' Generation. The mini-album consisted of five songs and was released on October 27 2010 by S.M. Entertainment. The Album has sold 350000 copies in Worldwide.[citation needed]The album is listed by Gaon Album Chart as the third best-selling album of 2010 in South Korea with 163066 copies sold.
 Whatever Gets You Off is the major label debut by Chicago based hard rock band The Last Vegas released on April 14 2009 on Nikki Sixx's Eleven Seven Music label. It is the band's fourth full-length album overall.The album was produced by Mötley Crüe and Sixx:A.M. bassist Nikki Sixx as well as Sixx:A.M.
 Hawklords were an English music group active between 1978 and 1979.
 Robbie Krieger & Friends is the first solo album by Robby Krieger guitarist for The Doors. The album was released in 1977. Oddly Krieger named the album and the band Robbie Krieger & Friends. He also designed the album cover art.
 Live at Easy Street is a live EP by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam that includes songs taken from a surprise in-store performance at Easy Street Records in West Seattle on April 29 2005.
 Jetzt geht's ab! is the debut album of the German hip-hop group Die Fantastischen Vier.Originally released by Sony in 1991 the album was the first to feature exclusively German-language rap. Two members of Die Fantastischen Vier Smudo and Thomas D decided to create an album entirely in German after a visit to the United States inspired them. It is said that “it became apparent to them that they had nothing in common with the rappers of Los Angeles and that U.S.
 Greatest Hits is country music artist Keith Whitley's first greatest hits album released a year after his death. It was released in 1990 by RCA Records. It peaked at #5 on the Top Country Albums chart and was certified platinum by the RIAA. One single was released from it: 'Til a Tear Becomes a Rose an overdubbed duet with his widow Lorrie Morgan. It peaked at #13 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
 OS_0.1 is the first entry in Bedrock Records' Original Series of DJ mixes. This album was compiled and mixed by Desyn Masiello.
 The Autumns is the third album by the American alternative rock band The Autumns released in 2004. The release was long awaited as the recording process was lengthy. In the meantime bassist Brian Stearns exited the band and was replaced by Dustin Morgan. An additional guitarist Ken Tighe was added to the lineup.
 Million Dolla Broke Niggaz: The DVS Mindz Exxxperience 1994-2000 was the sole official full-length release from the Topeka Kansas rap group DVS Mindz. “We got million dollar dreams but we ain't got no money” Kutaculus the group’s DJ explained of the title.
 The Timebomb: Back To The Future Mixtape (also known as Guru's Jazzmatazz - The Mixtape Back To The Future Jazzmatazz Back To The Future Mix Tape Guru's Jazzmatazz: The Mixtape and other variations)) is a commercial mixtape album released by Guru through 7 Grand Records hosted by DJ Doo Wop and produced by Solar. Released soon after Jazzmatazz Vol. 4: The Hip-Hop Jazz Messenger: Back to the Future its press release describes it as Guru's raw companion to the Jazzmatazz Vol. 4 album.
 My Other Self (Chinese: 任意門; pinyin: Ren Yi Men; literally Anywhere Door) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Rainie Yang's (Chinese: 楊丞琳) third Mandarin studio album. It was released by Sony Music Taiwan on 7 September 2007.
 Veba Vs Grand Central is a compilation album of various Grand Central Records artists. It brings together many of the tracks and remixes upon which Veba appeared as a featured vocalist up until 2005.
 Dating Alternatib is the fifteenth studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's an 8-track album released in 1996 under Universal Records.
 Forbidden Paradise 5: Arctic Expedition is the fifth album in the Forbidden Paradise series. It is the third album in the series to be mixed by well-known trance DJ/producer Tiësto. As with the rest of the Forbidden Paradise series the album is a live turntable mix.
 PBX Funicular Intaglio Zone is the eleventh solo album by John Frusciante released on September 12 2012 in Japan and on September 25 2012 internationally on Record Collection. The album was released in multiple formats including CD vinyl 32-bit digital formats and cassette.Self-produced by Frusciante the album was preceded by the EP Letur-Lefr (2012) and the free download Walls and Doors.
 Ritual is the first album by the Brazilian heavy metal band Shaman. It was first released in 2002 and it is a concept album about many cultures mainly indigenous cultures and shamanism. The album sold over 500000 copies worldwide since its release.
 Joyride is the fourth album by the singer/songwriter Lida Husik released on March 14 1995 through Caroline Records.
 The Sagas Of... is the first Studio Album by east London rapper Klashnekoff. the two singles released were Its Murda All I Got and Parrowdice. The single Its Murda appeared in the Soundtrack for the movie Kidulthood.
 Tytanium is the first solo album by Onyx member Sonny Seeza released May 19 2009.
 Start Right Here: Remembering the Life of Keith Green is a compilation album paying tribute to deceased by American contemporary Christian music musician Keith Green. It was released in 2000.
 The More Things Change... is the second studio album by heavy metal band Machine Head released on March 25 1997 through Roadrunner Records. It is the band's last release to feature original lead guitarist Logan Mader and the first to feature current drummer Dave McClain. The album's title alludes to the first part of the phrase The more things change the more they stay the same; the same phrase is mentioned during the chorus of Struck a Nerve. The More Things Change...
 Rua da Saudade released in November 2009 and produced by Renato Jr. is an album that recalls the work of Ary dos Santos 25 years after his death.With 11 songs written by Fernando Tordo Nuno Nazareth Fernandes and Tózé Brito appear to give voice to original lyrics by Ary dos Santos Susana Félix together with Mafalda Arnauth Viviane and Luanda Cozetti.
 Club Mondo Bizarre – For Members Only is the third album of the Austrian death metal band Pungent Stench. It was originally released in 1994 on Nuclear Blast. The lyrical subject matter has shifted from cannibalism to BDSM and other extreme forms of sexual acts. The album booklet shows various weird pornographic images that are slightly censored in black and white but also a fully censored cover exists. Four songs had been put on the album as hidden tracks being a karaoke version - i.e.
 Parallelograms is an album by American psychedelic folk singer Linda Perhacs. Her first and until the release of The Soul of All Natural Things in 2014 only album it was all but completely ignored when originally released on Kapp Records in 1970. Discouraged by the lack of commercial attention and the label's reluctance to promote the album Perhacs returned to her career as a dental technician.
 In Medias Res is the second and last studio album by progressive rock band PMtoday. The album was released on April 6 2010. The album's name is Latin which translates in English to in the middle of Things. It is a reference to the literary technique in which a story begins in mid-action. This album marks the first appearances of guitarist Cuinn Brogan and bassist Jerrod Morgan replacing former members Kevin Middleton and Nick Hargett.
 Ami Selection is the second compilation album by Japanese recording artist Ami Suzuki and her first released on the Avex label. It was released on December 7 2011.
 Show Your Dance (Chinese: 舞所不在) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Show Luo's fifth Mandarin studio album. It was released on 16 November 2007 by EMI Music Taiwan.
 Honest is the soundtrack of the 2000 feature film Honest directed by ex-Eurythmics member David A. Stewart.
 Bumpy Ride is an album released by London indie pop band The Hoosiers. It is a rereleased version of their 2010 album The Illusion of Safety. It was released in the UK on 11 April 2011. The album features 3 new tracks not present on The Illusion of Safety as well as a cover of Soft Cell's Say Hello Wave Goodbye which was an iTunes-exclusive bonus track from said album. The deluxe version includes a DVD of live versions of some of the tracks.
 Esprit de Four is the 12th studio album by jazz group Fourplay released on September 18 2012.
 Cashin' In is the second album by Human Chain featuring Django Bates Steve Argüelles and Stuart Hall. It was released on the EG label in 1988.
 Bullet in a Bible is a live album by the American punk rock band Green Day. It was released on November 15 2005 through Reprise Records. It was directed by Samuel Bayer who was the director of all the videos from American Idiot.
 The Man in Black 1963–1969 is the fourth and most recent box set released by Bear Family Records. It contains 6 CD's of Johnny Cash's music. (making this his 82nd release overall)
 My Damnation is the second studio album by Chelsea Grin. The band entered the studio early 2011 and finished near the middle of the year. The title track was released as a single on April 17 2011. My Damnation was released on July 19 2011 through Artery Recordings.
 Nunca te diré adiós is the first Spanish album from Christian rock band Guardian. The album features a remake of several songs from the band's previous albums recorded in Spanish.The band was extremely successful in Latin America which prompted the band to schedule several tours in the region.
 A User's Guide to They Might Be Giants is a 2005 compilation album by the group They Might Be Giants.In the April 29 2005 TMBG News online newsletter bandmember John Flansburgh describes the album as such:Rhino is releasing the single disc compilation A User's Guide To They Might Be Giants – kind of a simple reduction of Dial-A-Song – on May 3. It is a very interesting introduction to the band. If you were looking for a single disc to lay on the uninitiated this might be the one.
 En Vivo Desde Hollywood (Eng.: Live from Hollywood) is a live album released by Jenni Rivera from Los Angeles California on April 42006.
 All My Heroes Are Dead is an album by Dar Williams and produced by Jeannie Deva. This is only available in cassette format. Many of these tapes were sold at Dar's shows early on in her career. The cassette j-card liner includes lyrics to all of the songs in very small print.
 Train Home is an album by American singer/songwriter Chris Smither released in 2003. Guest Bonnie Raitt provides slide guitar and backup vocals on Desolation Row.
 The Baddest: Hit Parade is a compilation released by Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota. This album was released in Japan at the end of November 2011 to commemorate the twenty-fifth anniversary of Kubota's music. The album charted at number 2 on the Oricon Weekly Albums chart and remained on the charts for a total of 38 weeks. The album became certified platinum selling over 351049+ units in Japan.
 Animal Joy is the seventh studio album by the Austin Texas band Shearwater. It was released on February 28 2012 under the Sub Pop label.
 Zombie Birdhouse is an album by Iggy Pop released in 1982 on Chris Stein's record label Animal Records. Stein played guitar and drums were played by Clem Burke another Blondie member. It was re-released with a bonus disc called Breaking Point of a concert recorded on 28 October 1982 at the Masonic Temple Theater in Toronto.
 Elgin is the seventh album by American R&B singer and songwriter Ginuwine released on February 15 2011 by Notifi Music Group. The production was by Bryan-Michael Cox Tapping Warren and Kendrick Dean and the possibility of Timbaland and Swizz Beatz to work on the album. The guest was the songwriter and rapper Katrina Trina Taylor on the track Batteries. The album debuted at #30 on the Billboard 200 with 19100 copies sold in the first week.
 The No Music of AIFFs is a compilation of various remixes of songs from The No Music a second album by American underground hip hop duo Themselves.
 Pomegranate is the third album from alternative hip-hop artist Astronautalis. It was released on September 23 2008. It gained favourable reviews from numerous music blogs.
 Some Rainy Morning is a blues album by Robert Cray it was released on 9 May 1995 through Mercury Records.
 Why the Guilty Die Old is an ongoing remix album by the Colorado-based group Dethcentrik featuring remixes mostly of tracks from Why the Innocent Die Young.
 Ongaku no Kodomo wa Mina Utau (音楽の子供はみな歌う All You Musical Kids Sing) is the fourth album of the Japanese rock band Sambomaster.
 Overnight Success (The Definitive Dave Dobbyn Collection 1979 – 1999) is a 1999 compilation album by New Zealand singer-songwriter Dave Dobbyn. It won an award in the Film soundtrack/cast recording/compilation category at the New Zealand Music Awards in 2000 and charted at number 15 in the New Zealand Music Chart.
 The Hard Sell is a live DJ mix album by American music producers and turntablists DJ Shadow and Cut Chemist released in January 2007. The album is a recording of a rehearsal by the two producers for a June 2007 show at the Hollywood Bowl.
 Re Voltere is the Swedish punk group Dia Psalma's fifth studio album the second after they reunited in 2006. The song Kulisser was shot as a video in 2008.
 Almost Heaven is the tenth regular studio album by European-American pop group The Kelly Family. Based on concept by Dan Kelly it was co-produced by Kathy and Paddy Kelly and released in 1996 (see 1996 in music) throughout most of Europe.Following the major success of previous albums Over the Hump and Christmas for All and the number-one single I Can't Help Myself the album debuted number-one in Austria Germany and Switzerland.
 miss M. is the 13th studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima released in November 1985.
 Circuits Sessions 00.1 is the first Circuit Sessions series compilation released on 4 Play Records mixed by Manny Lehman.Three singles were issued from the thirteen dance/house remixes. Be Encouraged by Dawn Tallman reaching number eight in the US Dance If It Don't Fit by Abigail that topped the U.S.
 Pip Paine (Pay The £5000 You Owe) is the debut album by the British electronic act Metronomy originally released in 2006 by Holiphonic Records in the UK. On first release 500 copies were produced with the CD in a special cloth case with an illustration by the artist Rose de Borman. It was later released in standard gatefold card format with a plain text cover.
 Ascending to Infinity is the first studio album by Italian symphonic power metal band Luca Turilli's Rhapsody created by Luca Turilli after his departure from Rhapsody of Fire. It was released in June 22 2012 via Nuclear BlastConsidered by the band member as their own Rhapsody's 11th album it is the only album to feature Alex Holzwarth on drums as currently he is only a member of Rhapsody of Fire.
 Welcome To Tokyo is the debut album by Germany based J-Pop girl group Shanadoo. The album was released in 2006 to Germany and 2007 to Japan. The album featured the singles King Kong My Samurai (a Japanese version of Fred Come to Bed by E-Rotic) and Guilty of Love (a Japanese version of The Power of Sex by E-Rotic).
 Revolt is the second album from U.K rock band 3 Colours Red.It was recorded at Rockfield Studios with producer Dave Eringa (Manic Street Preachers) and saw the band going for a more polished and commercial sound it reached number 17 in the U.K album charts when it was released on Creation Records in 1999 but the band split at their peak after releasing only 2 singles from it both entered the U.K top 40.
 Oooh So Good 'n Blues is the sixth studio American blues album by Taj Mahal.
 By Any Other Name is a Future Sound of London compilation release in the same vein as 1992's Earthbeat. The tracks are by Dougans and Cobain and the aliases are the same. This 2007 album however has a wealth of new material from the same time period as Earthbeat.
 Sittin' In is a 1957 studio album by Dizzy Gillespie featuring the saxophonists Stan Getz Paul Gonsalves and Coleman Hawkins.
 Dear Lonely Hearts is a 1962 studio album by Nat King Cole arranged by Belford Hendricks. The title track went to number two for two weeks on the Easy Listening charts and number thirteen on the Hot 100.
 A Boy in a Man's World is the second studio album by Mucky Pup. The album was recorded at Nevessa Productions and released in 1988 through Torrid Records and Roadrunner Records. The album features a re-recorded version of U-Stink-But-I-♥-U which the band had previously won a Bloom County songwriting contest with. The band would also shoot their first music video for this song.
 Di doo dah is the first solo album by Jane Birkin released in 1973 on Fontana Records. Subsequent reissues in 2001 and 2010 (on Light In The Attic Records) included 2 bonus tracks from the 1972 7 single La Décadanse by Jane Birkin and Serge Gainsbourg.
 Swain's First Bike Ride is the first full album by the Berkeley California punk band Fifteen. The songs generally follow a metallic guitar and chorus vocals style which was phased out in later albums. The album also has quite a few love songs (the most popular songs on the album being C#(tion) which was covered by Green Day and Sweet Valentine all were likely written for Nancy songwriter Jeff Ott's wife) something that was also phased out by later albums.
 Hôtel Costes Best of Costes is a downtempo/lounge album compiled and mixed by Stéphane Pompougnac resident DJ of the Parisian cafe/restaurant Hôtel Costes.
 Kings of Crunk is the fourth studio album by Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz.Based on the success of the album's second single Get Low Kings of Crunk made the top twenty of the US album chart in September 2003.
 Airmax Muzik II is the 6th studio album by German rapper Fler. It was released on 8 April 2011 over his label Maskulin. It released later as Premium Edition with two new bonus songs and a 30 minutes long biographical DVD.
 Splashdown Two is a 1997 CD release and expansion of the previous Hot Tuna vinyl release from 1984 Splashdown. It is a recording of a live acoustic performance from the mid-1970s that had played on the short-lived radio station WQIV.
 Chávez Ravine: A Record by Ry Cooder is a concept album and historical album by Ry Cooder which tells the story of Chávez Ravine a Mexican-American community demolished in the 1950s in order to build public housing. The housing was never built. Ultimately the Brooklyn Dodgers built a stadium on the site as part of their move to Los Angeles.Chávez Ravine was nominated for Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Folk Album in 2006.
 Eleven Fire Crackers is the fifth full length album released by the Japanese rock band Ellegarden. It was released in Japan on November 8 2006 and in the United States on July 31 2007 under the Nettwerk label.
 Creep On Creepin' On is the fourth studio album by Timber Timbre released on April 5 2011 on Arts & Crafts. The album was recorded in a variety of locations including a converted church.The album was supported by a variety concert dates in Ontario Quebec and New York.The album debuted at #21 on the Canadian Albums Chart. The album was a shortlisted nominee for the 2011 Polaris Music Prize.
 Read Between the Lines is the debut and only album by the now-defunct all-girl rock band KSM released by Buena Vista Records and Walt Disney Records on September 22 2009. The band toured with Demi Lovato to support the album. It was produced and mostly written by Matthew Gerrard and Robbie Nevil. The album also includes a cover version of I Want You to Want Me by Cheap Trick which was used to promote the new television series 10 Things I Hate About You on the ABC Family network.
 Let’s Get Small (1977) is an album by American comedian Steve Martin. It includes Excuse Me a comedy bit whose title went on to become a national catchphrase. The album went platinum and peaked at #10 on the Billboard Pop Albums Chart.It was recorded at The Boarding House in San Francisco California.This album won the Grammy Award in 1978 for Best Comedy Album.
 Funk of Ages is the second solo album by former Parliament-Funkadelic keyboardist Bernie Worrell. The album was released in 1990 by Gramavision Records. The album includes contributions by numerous guest musicians including David Byrne Herbie Hancock Keith Richards Vernon Reid and Phoebe Snow as well fellow P-Funk band mates Bootsy Collins Maceo Parker Gary Cooper Doug Duffey and Mike Hampton.
 Every Scene Needs A Center is the fifth studio album from the indiepop band Tullycraft. Arguably the band’s most ambitious album Every Scene Needs A Center ranges from punky bursts to mid-tempo near-ballads. The band spent over a year working on the mini-epic album splitting time between a professional recording studio and their own studio recording entirely on analog tape. The album reached #29 on the CMJ Top 200 chart in 2007.
 Hope Nature Forgives is the fifth album released by New Zealand rock band The Feelers. It was released on 1 August 2011.
 Read My Lips is the fourteenth album by singer Melba Moore released in 1985. This album featured the hit title track and When You Love Me Like This. The title track later won Moore a fourth Grammy nomination for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance making her just the third black artist after Donna Summer and Michael Jackson to be nominated in the rock category.
 Give 'Em the Boot II is the second compilation album in the Give 'Em the Boot series.This was the first entry to feature the standard boot design for the cover. Every album since as of 2007 has used the same design with a different background color.
 The Ultimate Collection is a compact disc by Smokey Robinson and The Miracles released on Motown Records catalogue 314530857-2 in February 1998. It is a collection of singles comprising many of the group's greatest hits with liner notes written by Stu Hackel.
 Audience is the first album by British art rock band Audience released in 1969. It was deleted shortly after its release and is now collectable in its original vinyl version. The band was soon afterwards signed by Tony Stratton-Smith to Charisma Records.
 Dan the Automator Presents 2K7 is a basketball-themed album by Dan the Automator released to promote the 2K Sports video games. It contains many exclusive tracks from artists such as; Lupe Fiasco Evidence Rhymefest Mos Def Chali 2na and Dilated Peoples. An instrumental version was also released.Like the 2K Sports Mixtape the album was released entirely 'clean' of explicit content.
 Cereal Killer Soundtrack is an album released by comedy metal/punk group Green Jellÿ in 1993. It is the soundtrack to their video album Cereal Killer. It was the first material the band released under the new name Green Jellÿ (As opposed to Green Jellö).
 The In Sound from Way Out! is an instrumental compilation by the Beastie Boys released in 1996. The title and cover art concept were borrowed from the Perrey and Kingsley album of the same name.
 How to Destroy Angels (Remixes and Re-Recordings) is a remix album by Coil. All of the songs are remixes from the 12 single of the same name. It contains different versions and mixes of the song How To Destroy Angels and features cover artwork by filmmaker Derek Jarman. The remixes were produced by John Balance Peter Christopherson and Steven Stapleton of Nurse With Wound. The song Absolute Elsewhere is blank and silent as it was originally released.
 Hecho en México (1985) (Made in Mexico) is the second studio album by Mexican Rock'n roll band El Tri.
 The Charles Mingus Quintet & Max Roach is an album by Charles Mingus recorded at the Café Bohemia and released in 1955. Further recordings from the concert were released under the title Mingus at the Bohemia.
 The Hurry and the Harm is the fourth studio album by City and Colour.
 Absolute Torch and Twang is the third album by k.d. lang and the Reclines released in 1989.
 Wiggly Wiggly Christmas released on September 6 1996 is The Wiggles' seventh album and the group's first Christmas album. It was made into a video the following year.
 Color Me Barbra is the seventh studio album by singer Barbra Streisand released on Columbia Records in 1966. It reached #3 in the US albums charts and was certified GOLD by the RIAA. It was also the title of Streisand's second CBS TV special on March 30 1966 and the first in color when it was still a novelty for TV hence the title.
 Scènes d'amour is francophone Canadian pop singer Isabelle Boulay's first live album released in 2000. Most tracks on the album were recorded in 1999 during the Les FrancoFolies de Montréal annual summer festival in Montreal where she appeared on stage and sang with a host of famous guest stars. Tracks 8-9 were recorded in Studio Piccolo; the 17th was recorded when Boulay was on tour with Francis Cabrel during the fall of 1999.
 The Best of Hanson: Live & Electric is Hanson's second live album and is the first live album to be released under their independent record label 3CG Records. Live & Electric was recorded in June 2005 in Melbourne Australia and was released on October 11 2005.
 Law Speed is the first album by French/Italian post-rock band Permanent Fatal Error a project by Olivier Manchion founder member of the band Ulan Bator. The album was recorded in Italy at URS studio (Villa Minozzo Emilia-Romagna).
 The Locust is the third release by The Locust. It was released on Gold Standard Laboratories in March 1997.The Locust is The Locust's first recording that relies heavily on keyboards and synthesizers combined with their powerviolence style influenced mainly by Crossed Out. This is the sound for which The Locust has since become known.In 2004 the EP was remastered and re-issued on 3 CD and 7 vinyl and included two bonus tracks.
 Partners Brothers And Friends is a 1985 album from The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band. The album reached #9 on the US Country charts. The three singles from this album were top 10 on the US Country charts. Modern Day Romance went to #1 Home Again in My Heart went to 3 and Partners Brothers and Friends went to 6.
 Subliminal is the debut solo album of French rapper Maître Gims member of the French rap group Sexion d'Assaut. The 18-track album was released 20 May 2013 on Wati B and on MMC the latter founded by Maître Gims himself. The lyrics were all by Maître Gims whereas the music was by Maître Gims Renaud Rebillaud and Stan-E Music. The album was a big success charting in France (reaching #2) Belgium (reaching #1) as well as charting in Switzerland.
 Music For Strippers Hookers and The Odd On-Looker is the sixth album by Kristeen Young.
 Orph is a three-song demo that was released by the band Dredg in 1997.
 Stay Young 1979–1982 is a two disc compilation of Australian rock group INXS's earlier works. It features their first two albums INXS and Underneath the Colours along with all the b-sides We Are the Vegetables Scratch The Unloved One Lacavocal and Prehistoria.
 The Jam At The BBC is a collection of Jam tracks that were performed in session at the BBC.Disc 1Tracks 1 to 4 recorded for John Peel 26 April 1977Tracks 5 to 8 recorded for John Peel 19 July 1977Tracks 9 to 18 recorded in concert at the Paris Theatre London 1/06/1978Disc 2Tracks 1 to 4 recorded for John Peel 29 October 1979Tracks 5 to 8 recorded for 'Studio B15' live 25 October 1981Tracks 9 to 20 performed in concert at the Hippodrome Golders Green 19 December 1981Limited edition bonus discRecorded in concert at the Rainbow Theatre London 4 December 1979↑
 In God We Trust Inc.: The Lost Tapes is VHS/DVD of the Dead Kennedys' first recording session of their EP In God We Trust Inc.. It was released in July 2003. The session was filmed in June 1981 by Eric Goodfield for a part of a punk documentary he was making. When the DKs went to master the tape it started to peel and deteriorate so they had to record it again (that session took place in August and was used for the EP).
 No Regrets released August 24 2004 is a solo album by Sister Hazel's rhythm guitarist and background singer Andrew Copeland.
 Urbano is an album by Elvis Crespo.
 I Wanna Go Backwards is a Robyn Hitchcock box set released in 2007 on Yep Roc Records. The set contains reissues of three of Hitchcock's albums each with bonus tracks and also a two-disc rarities set While Thatcher Mauled Britain. The set consists of five CDs and was also released as a limited edition of eight vinyl LPs.
 In the Basement is a live album by The Pharaohs which was released on the Luv N' Haight record label in 1996.
 Firecracker People is the second full length album by Hotel Lights released in 2008.
 Kevin & Perry Go Large is the soundtrack album for the 2000 comedy film Kevin & Perry Go Large. It was compiled by Judge Jules and released on Virgin / EMI who also released the single Big Girl. Some of the songs which appeared in the film are not included or a different remix is used.
 Jalan Terbaik is the debut album Indonesia band ST 12 and released on April 12 2006
 Alienigma is the fifth album from the US speed metal band Agent Steel. The album was released by Mascot Records on August 31 2007.
 Orchid is the debut album by Swedish progressive metal band Opeth released on May 15 1995 in Europe by Candlelight Records and on June 24 1997 in the United States by Century Black. It was reissued in 2000 with one bonus track called Into the Frost of Winter an early unproduced rehearsal recording by the band. The recording sessions occurred at the old Unisound studio in Finspång between March and April 1994. Opeth produced alongside Dan Swanö.
 oro Merenguero is a 2000 merengue album by Ashley.This CD called Oro Merenguero meaning gold merengue is Ashley greatest hits CD with her hit songs from the past.
 Plaguewielder is the eighth album by Norwegian black metal band Darkthrone. It was released through Moonfog Productions (the label owned by Satyr Wongraven of Satyricon) in 2001. The album was re-released with new artwork in 2011 by Peaceville Records. The CD re-release includes a second disk of commentary from the band members.
 Te Reo Maori Remixes is a remix album released in 1998 by New Zealand hip-hop group Upper Hutt Posse.
 In Valleys is an EP by Jack's Mannequin. It was released on September 9 2008 by Sire Records exclusively through the iTunes Store. It contains one song Swim from the then-upcoming album The Glass Passenger and three non-album tracks Cell Phone In Slow Motion (Sleazy Wednesday) and At Full Speed.
 Present Tense is the fourth studio album by Wild Beasts released 24 February 2014 on Domino Records. It was preceded by the single Wanderlust released on the same day.
 Les Fleurs du Mal – Die Blumen des Bösen (French and German: The flowers of evil) is the ninth album by darkwave band Sopor Aeternus & the Ensemble of Shadows and was released in 2007.
 Please Don't Tell Me How The Story Ends: The Publishing Demos is the first release of the recording demos done by Kris Kristofferson between 1968 and 1972 while working as a janitor at Columbia Records. Many of these songs would later go on to be rerecorded on later Kristofferson albums or by other artists including Janis Joplin Al Green and Johnny Cash.
 GT25 Live! - En scen vid en plats is a live album from Swedish pop group Gyllene Tider released on 24 November 2004. The album includes live performances from the group's 2004 25th anniversary tour.
 Impur is an album by English guitarist composer and improvisor Fred Frith. It was composed in 1996 by Frith for 100 musicians large building and mobile audience and was performed on 30 May 1996 by students and teachers from L’Ecole Nationale de Musique Villeurbanne France. Frith directed the performance but did perform himself.Impur is the first of two performances commissioned by L’Ecole Nationale de Musique while Frith was resident music professor at the institution.
 Eden is the debut album by Everything but the Girl released in 1984. It contains their first UK Top 30 entry the number 28 hit Each and Every One. The cover design was by Tracey Thorn's former colleague in the Marine Girls Jane Fox. Eden was reissued in 2012 as a remastered 2 disc Deluxe Set by Edsel Records.
 The Ahmad Jamal Trio is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in 1955 and originally released on the Epic label.
 Mr. Scruff is the debut studio album by the eponymous British DJ. It was released via Pleasure Music on May 12 1997.The album saw the emergence of one of Scruff's obsessions — sea-life. The opening track Sea Mammal was the first of several to use cut-up recordings of voice-overs from children's stories and nature documentaries to create surreal and silly stories.
 Seven is the seventh album by country rock band Poco. It is the first album Poco made after leader Richie Furay left the band. The front cover was designed by Phil Hartman.
 El Avion De Las Tres is the debut album by the Mexican band AK-7. Their material was recorded in Joel Solis' studio alongside Eusebio El Chivo Cortes both former members of Los Bukis a successful Mexican band. Univision Records has confirmed that the album from AK-7 is already in excess of 60 thousand copies sold in the first months.
 Now For Plan A is the twelfth full-length studio album by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip. At a length of 39:18 it is band's shortest album to date. The album's first single At Transformation was released on May 18 2012. The album's second single Streets Ahead was released to radio on August 24. On September 25 the band made the album available to stream online in its entirety via SoundCloud. The album was nominated for Rock Album of the Year at the 2013 Juno Awards.
 Rabbit Junk is the first album by the Seattle-based digital hardcore band Rabbit Junk. The album showcases a lot of styles in contrast to JP Anderson's first band The Shizit as Anderson combines jungle punk rap and techno into his own style which he calls hardclash. A radically different sounding remastered edition was released in 2008 by the Full Effect Records label.
 Anatomy Is Destiny is the third full-length album by death metal band Exhumed. The album is regarded as Exhumed's most critically acclaimed album. The title of the album is taken from a quote by Sigmund Freud.[citation needed]
 Lungs is the first EP by American post-hardcore band Big Black. It was released in December 1982 on Ruthless Records and was reissued in 1992 on Touch and Go Records. A 19-year-old Steve Albini played nearly every instrument on Lungs with sax bleats by Albini's college friend John Bohnen and drums being handled by Roland a drum machine that was credited as a member of the band.[citation needed] The EP was used to recruit the other members of Big Black.
 Sackcloth 'n' Ashes is the first full-length studio album by the band 16 Horsepower. It was released in 1996.
 Conviction is the third album by the electronic body music group Signal Aout 42. After this album the band temporarily split up.
 Vindication is the 3rd album released by the Florida-based hard rock music group Crease.. This album was released in 2000 via Roadrunner Records. Frustration was featured in the film Thank You Good Night. Jenny 867-5309 was featured in an episode of TV's Roswell and the video game ESPN X-Games Skateboarding. Building Up was used by HBO in their documentary Middle School Confessions.
 Raining Rock is the second studio album from Jettblack released through Spinefarm Records.
 Youniverse is an album by American jazz saxophonist Rob Brown recorded in 1992 and released on the Riti label operated by free jazz musician and composer Joe Morris. It features a trio with Morris on guitar and Whit Dickey on drums playing six Brown compositions and two collective improvisations. The same lineup would be named Trio Ahxoloxha when they released the album Prophet Moon a decade later under the leadership of Dickey.
 Static Anonymity is an EP released by the Canadian band Metric in 2001. The back cover of the album states that This handmade collection of rare songs is only available at Metric performances or at www.ilovemetric.com and is not intended for retail sale. Though it states that one can buy the album via the band's official website this is no longer true.
 All That: The Album is the soundtrack of musical performances and sketch clips from the hit Nickelodeon television series All That.
 The Main Event – Live is a 1974 live album and television special by Frank Sinatra.
 Dead American Radio is a studio album by US-punk-band Left Alone released in 2006. The song Dead American Radio is in Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam.
 Våra nya vingar is 1994 studio album from Swedish dansband Lotta Engbergs Orkester.
 Alive is an album by Chick Corea released in 1991 through the record label GRP. The album peaked at number three on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart.
 Mecano is the debut album recorded by Spanish synthpop band Mecano in 1982. The album is better known in popular slang as the clock album due to the large clock that appears on the cover. The album produced the hits Hoy No Me Puedo Levantar Me Cole En Una Fiesta Perdido En Mi Habitacion and Maquillaje. Quiero Vivir En La Ciudad is a bonus track which is featured in the 2005 re-issue.
 Resilience is an album released in 2008 by Annabelle Chvostek. The album was recorded with producers Roma Baran (Laurie Anderson Kate and Anna McGarrigle) and Vivian Stoll (Unknown Gender Isis). It includes a co-write with Canadian legend Bruce Cockburn.Canadian sessions were funded by a grant from the Canada Council for the Arts and include guest appearances by Bruce Cockburn Michael Jerome Brown Debashis Sinha Becky Foon (A Silver Mt.
 The Golden Number is an album of duets by bassist Charlie Haden recorded in 1976 and released on the Horizon label.
 Emotional Violence is a 1991 album by the funk/R&B group Cameo. The album failed to make an impact in the charts prompting the band to take a break from recording new material until In the Face of Funk released in 1994. However two compilation albums were released in the interim.
 Two Blocks from the Edge is Michael Brecker's fifth album as a leader. It was recorded at Avatar Studios in New York City.
 The Era Concert Live (Chinese: 超時代演唱會) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Jay Chou's fourth live album and concert DVD. It was released on 25 January 2011 in a DVD plus 2CD format by JVR Music and distributed by Sony Music Taiwan. It was recorded during the concert held on 11 June 2010 at Taipei Arena Taiwan. The Blu-ray edition was released on 25 March 2011.
 Song Everlasting is an album by the Don Pullen-George Adams Quartet recorded in 1987 for the Blue Note label.
 The Delta Goodrem unreleased tapes dispute involves unreleased material recorded by Australian singer-songwriter Delta Goodrem in 1999 and 2000. Goodrem recorded thirteen tracks for an album given the working title Delta while signed to an artist development deal with the small independent label Empire Records. In 2004 after Goodrem had achieved mainstream success Empire's owners attempted to shop the recordings to other labels though Goodrem objected.
 Focus on Atlantic Jaxx (also known as Focus on Atlantic Jaxx Recordings) is a DJ mix album by Basement Jaxx released in 2010 to celebrate their label Atlantic Jaxx.
 The Knife is the self-titled debut album by Swedish electronic music duo The Knife released on 5 February 2001 by Rabid Records. The album's recordings started early in the summer of 1999 in a cottage on the Swedish island of Tjörn.
 Folk-Lore was released in 2002 by Celtic metal band Cruachan.
 Nyman Brass is a 2006 album composed and produced by Michael Nyman and performed by Wingates Band. It consists of suites from the films The Ogre and The Libertine and two additional shorter works: In Re Don Giovanni and Chasing Sheep Is Best Left to Shepherds from The Draughtsman's Contract all arranged for brass.
 SS Politician is a compilation album by the band Oi Polloi. It was released in 2010 on Skuld Records. Parts of the release are written in the Scottish Gaelic language. It includes the Mind The Bollocks EP their side of the split with Israeli punk band Nikmat Olalim a compilation track and an extended version of SS Politician.
 The Oscar Peterson Trio in Tokyo is a live album by jazz pianist Oscar Peterson and his trio released in 1972 (see 1972 in music). It was reissued in 2005 by Columbia Japan with a revised track sequence as Last Trio: Oscar Peterson in Tokyo.
 All Systems Go is the thirteenth studio album by Donna Summer released in 1987; it would be her final release on Geffen Records which had been Summer’s label since 1980. The album was not a commercial success.
 The Second Decade (1993–2003) is Michael W. Smith's eighteenth album. This is Smith's second greatest hits compilation album picking up where his first greatest hits compilation The First Decade (1983-1993) left off.
 When I Call Your Name is the fourth studio album from American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 1989 on MCA Nashville. It features the singles Never Alone Oklahoma Swing When I Call Your Name and Never Knew Lonely.Ridin' the Rodeo was later released by the band Perfect Stranger in 1994 from their debut album You Have the Right to Remain Silent.
 Storm is the fourth album by the American electronic act Assemblage 23. It was released on September 28 2004 on Metropolis Records and Accession Records. Storm is a much more layered album than any of Shear's previous work and the songs are much more optimistic in nature.
 When the Bough Breaks is the second solo album from Black Sabbath drummer Bill Ward. It was originally released on April 27 1997 on Cleopatra Records. It is currently out of print.
 Get Down or Lay Down is the debut album by Philly's Most Wanted released on August 7 2001 through Atlantic Records. The majority of the album was produced by The Neptunes.The album featured three charting singles the most successful of which was Cross the Border which peaked at 98 on the Billboard Hot 100 and 3 on the Billboard Hot Rap Singles. Y'all Can't Never Hurt Us and Please Don't Mind both found success on the Rap charts reaching 13 and 12 on the chart respectively.
 Teen Idles was an extended play released by Dischord Records to commemorate the label's one hundredth release. The EP contains material from the two demo sessions the band recorded in February and April 1980. Tracks 1 and 3 are originally by The Slinkees the original name of the band before Nathan Strejcek joined on vocals.
 Dragonslayer is the fourth LP recorded by the Canadian indie band Sunset Rubdown. It is the second of their albums to be recorded under the Jagjaguwar recording label. It was released June 23 2009. The album was made available for MP3 download with preorder on May 20 2009. The track 'Paper Lace' had previously appeared on Enemy Mine by one of Spencer Krug's other bands Swan Lake.
 Teenage Love is a compilation album by Australian pub rock band Cold Chisel released in 1994. The album collected studio recordings many just demos that were not used on previous albums. Phil Small said There was always a surplus of 3 to 4 tracks with each album. The tracks were recorded between 1976 and 1983. Hands Out of My Pocket Nothing But You and Yesterdays were issued as singles.
 Thirsty and Miserable is an EP released by Saint Vitus in 1987 on SST Records. The title track is a cover of Black Flag. The tracks were released in 1987 on CD by SST as bonus tracks to the Born Too Late album.
 No Trespassing is the sixteenth studio album and 19th overall album by the American rapper Too Short it was released on February 28 2012 under Dangerous Music seal owned by Too Short. The albums production was handled by Vincent VT Tolan Exclusive and various others with guest features from 50 Cent E-40 and Snoop Dogg.
 2012 2NE1 Global Tour: New Evolution (Live in Seoul) is the second live album of South Korean girl group 2NE1. The album was released on December 4 2012 by YG Entertainment.The album was recorded during the group's first world tour New Evolution during their Seoul dates on July 28 and 29 at the Olympic Gymnastics Arena.
 On Tour: Please Leave Quietly is a video album by English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey released on 1 May 2006 on Universal Island. The film was directed by Maria Mochnacz and released only on DVD.The video features a selection of live performances from Harvey's 2004 world tour for the release of Uh Huh Her (2004) including two unreleased songs Uh Huh Her and Evol. The video also features backstage footage and a bonus feature on the DVD includes a 28-minute interview with Harvey.
 Mr. Natural is the Bee Gees' twelfth album (tenth worldwide) released in July 1974. It was the first Bee Gees release to be produced by Arif Mardin who was partially responsible for launching the group's later major success with the follow-up album Main Course. The album reached No. 178 on the Billboard 200. Mr. Natural was also the first album to feature drummer Dennis Bryon.
 Still Walkin' is the third album by Coo Coo Cal released on May 14 2002 through Infinite Records. Most of the album was produced by Bigg Hank though a then unknown Andre Dre Lyon (of the production duo Cool & Dre) contributed production for two of the album's 20 tracks.Released less than a year after his major-label debut Disturbed and his breakthrough single My Projects Cal had parted ways with Tommy Boy Records and quickly released Still Walkin' independently.
 A Drug Problem That Never Existed is an album released by Mondo Generator on the Rekords Rekords label in 2003. It takes its name from a line in The Frogs' I've Got Drugs (Out of the Mist) from their album It's Only Right and Natural. Much of the material was inspired by mixed emotions brought about by the divorce of singer Nick Oliveri and also his substance abuses and the death of his father.The tracks Jr.
 Bennie Green Blows His Horn is an album by American trombonist Bennie Green recorded in 1955 and released on the Prestige label.
 Men's Needs Women's Needs Whatever was released on 21 May 2007 as the third studio album by British indie rock band The Cribs via Wichita Recordings. Critically acclaimed the LP propelled the band into a greater audience reaching number thirteen on the UK Album Charts number nine on the annual 'Albums of the Year' by influential UK music magazine NME and various other end-of-year lists. Lead single 'Men's Needs' also reached number three in the same NME chart.
 The Lower East Side of Life is the second studio album to be released by American country music artist Eric Heatherly. It was released in 2005 after Heatherly had recorded two unreleased albums on two different labels. The album was released on Heatherly's personal label NashVegas Records in association with Koch Entertainment and no singles were released from it.
 007 Villain Club by Swatch (also known as 007 Villain Collection by Swatch)is a promotional EP distributed free on CD through Metro Magazine and Swatch the Club and as a free download through the Swatch MTV and Yahoo Websites. It was released to promote Swatch's 007 Villains Collection line of watches.
 Stranded in Suburbia is the title of Melissa McClelland's second album. The album was released in 2004 in Canada by the Orange Record Label.
 Changing Horses is the fourth studio album by Ben Kweller which was expected for release in September 2008 but was eventually released on February 2 2009 in Europe and February 3 2009 in the United States. Kweller has described the new album as being more Country in style than his previous releases. The album features his rhythm section Chris Morrissey (bass) and Mark Stepro (drums). It also debuts the talents of Kitt Kitterman Kweller's manager who plays pedal steel guitar and Dobro.
 Remixes in the Key of B is the second remix album by American singer Bobby Brown released in 1993. It features remixes of songs from the album Bobby
 Glorify Astrological Martyrdom is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released in 2008 by Important Records.
 Diary is Japanese Pop/R&B singer Thelma Aoyama's debut album. It was released on March 26 2008 in Japan.
 Forever More is the sixth studio album by hard rock band Tesla released on October 7 2008. The album was produced by Terry Thomas engineered by Michael Rosen and recorded and mixed at J Street Recorders in Sacramento California by Terry Thomas and Michael Rosen. The album cover art portrays the famous “Lovers of Valdaro” discovered by archaeologists outside of Mantua Italy in 2007.
 Dust is the sixth studio album by the Scottish celtic fusion band Peatbog Faeries released on August 8 2011 on Peatbog Records. Pre-release copies were released July 20 2011 on the band's online shop.
 Crash And Burn is the second album by the Bombay Rockers released on 1 June 2007. It reached number one in India and Denmark.
 Sour is the first official recording by rock group Ours. Sour is an anagram of the band's name.
 No One's Gonna Change Our World is a charity album released in the UK on 12 December 1969 for the benefit of the World Wildlife Fund.The compilation was put together by comedian Spike Milligan. It features liner notes by Philip Duke of Edinburgh. The album is largely known by fans of The Beatles as the first release of the song Across the Universe – the title of the album comes from a line in this song Nothing's gonna change my world.
 George Best is the debut album by The Wedding Present. It was released in October 1987 by their own record company Reception Records.After self-releasing five singles on Reception Records label the band turned to recording their first album continuing their collaboration with producer Chris Allison who had produced their previous single My Favourite Dress. The album's somewhat tinny sound reflects the low recording budget.
 She is Heo Young-saeng's fourth Korean EP. It is released on October 16 2013 under B2M Entertainment. She marks the last album release of Heo before his enlistment on October 31 2013.The album contains five songs including an introduction track and an instrumental version of its title track Weak Child.
 Guitar is the title of a recording by American folk and blues guitarist Peter Lang released in 2003. It was recorded entirely on 12-string guitar.The title Snaker Ray Has Come & Gone refers to St. Paul Minnesota musician Dave Snaker Ray of the folk-blues trio Koerner Ray & Glover.
 Loaded is the fourth album by the Velvet Underground released in November 1970 by Atlantic Records' subsidiary label Cotillion. It was the final album recorded featuring Lou Reed who had left the band shortly before its release. In 2003 Loaded was #109 on Rolling Stone's reissue of their 500 greatest albums of all time.
 In the Mouth of the Young is the second full-length and first major label album by the band Bullets and Octane. The album was released on April 11 2006 on RCA and produced by Helmet guitarist Page Hamilton. It was the band's first and only release for RCA.The band filmed their music video for the song Caving In from In the Mouth of the Young on October 29 2006.
 Live In: Nerd Rage is Brian Posehn's debut comedy album. It also feature two original songs including Metal by Numbers which was released as a single in 2006.
 Crackle – The Best of Bauhaus sometimes referred to simply as Crackle is a greatest hits compilation by the gothic rock band Bauhaus. The album was released in 1998 during the band's Resurrection Tour.
 Growing Up is the first full length album by South Korean singer IU and a followup to her 2008 debut mini album Lost and Found. The album has 16 tracks including two single tracks Boo and You Know (있잖아) (Rock Ver.). The album was released on April 23 2009.[citation needed]
 Metamorphosis is a 1993 compilation album recorded and mixed by Scott Albert (now Klayton of Celldweller) featuring music from two of his projects Brainchild and his industrial metal band Circle of Dust as well as material from Living Sacrifice. The album includes Circle of Dust's song Heldweller which was the song that later spawned the name Celldweller used for Klayton's current music project.
 Vanishing Point is the fifth studio album by Primal Scream. The album shows inspiration from dub ambient music dance krautrock and other genres as well as individual bands such as Motörhead Can and the Stooges. It was the first album to feature the band's new bass player Gary 'Mani' Mounfield formerly of the Stone Roses.The album was recorded with the aid of two portable eight-track recording studios at the band's Chalk Farm rehearsal rooms where it was also written.
 Do You Love Me (Now That I Can Dance) was the only LP issued by The Contours during their career at Motown Records. Issued on Motown's Gordy subsidiary in October 1962 (see 1962 in music) the album includes the hit title track and the number 21 R&B hit single Shake Sherry. Also including the early singles Whole Lotta' Woman and The Stretch Do You Love Me is notable as the first LP to be released by Gordy Records.
 Samson & Delilah is the second studio album by English recording artist V V Brown released on 9 September 2013 on Brown's YOY Records.
 Return of the Boogie Men is the thirteenth studio album by British hard rock band Foghat released in 1994.
 Other Lives is the self-titled debut album by American indie rock band Other Lives which was released physically April 7 2009 by TBD Records and digitally released March 17 2009.
 Sound Into Blood Into Wine is the soundtrack for the movie Blood Into Wine starring Maynard James Keenan and Eric Glomski.
 To Drive the Cold Winter Away is Loreena McKennitt's second album released in 1987. It pays homage to her childhood memories of music for the winter season the most vivid of which “came from songs and carols recorded in churches or great halls rich with their own unique ambience and tradition.”To capture that remembered ambiance McKennitt kept the arrangements sparse celebrating the beauty of simplicity.
 Mavericks is the third album by the Swedish rock group Johnossi. The album was recorded between December 2009 and March 2010 at Decibel studios in Stockholm. It was produced by the band members and Lasse Mårten.
 The New Despair is the 1997 debut album by The Gothic Archies.
 The Forever Changes Concert (2003) is the last album released by Love with Arthur Lee. There was a two-CD re-release in 2007 under the name of The Forever Changes Concert & More which features extra songs a live video of Alone Again Or band images and a screensaver.
 Stunts (2007) is the fourth overall release and first LP by the indie rock band Rademacher.
 Badness is the third album released by British jazz fusion duo Morrissey–Mullen. Released in 1981 it entered the UK Album Charts on 18 July 1981 at no. 65 eventually reaching no. 57.
 III is the third studio album by Finnish pop rock band Haloo Helsinki!. It was released by EMI Finland digitally on 25 February 2011.
 Faces Down is the first album released by Norwegian singer/songwriter Sondre Lerche in 2001. It was released in 2002 in the USA and in 2003 in Japan. All songs on the album were written by Lerche.The track Modern Nature featured prominently in the 2007 film Dan in Real Life starring Steve Carell and Juliette Binoche; Lerche and his band The Faces Down make a cameo appearance in the movie performing the track.
 Phase II is the second studio album by American singer Prince Royce released on April 10 2012.
 Welcome to Heaven is a studio album recorded by John Wetton. Originally released in Japan in 2000. It was re-released in 2001 under the title Sinister without the bonus tracks but with a different cover.
 Dialogues is a studio recording from June 2005 by the late clarinetist Kenny Davern and tenor saxophonist/clarinetist Ken Peplowski released by the Arbors Records label. Also featured on the album is jazz guitarist Howard Alden among others.
 The Boys is the third Korean studio album (fourth overall) by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation. It was released on 19 October 2011 by S.M. Entertainment distributed by KMP Holdings and digitally released on the same day. On 8 December 2011 a Version B edition re-titled Mr. Taxi was released. The Version B featured Mr.
 Romantic is the third studio album album by the German gothic metal band Darkseed. It was released in 1998 with Nuclear Blast. Songs 1-4 are from the band's 1996 ep Romantic Tales and songs 5-8 are from the demo Darksome Thoughts originally released in 1993
 C! True Hollywood Stories is the third studio album by the rapper Canibus released through Archives Music on October 31 2001. The album is Canibus' first release on an independent record label (his first two albums Can-I-Bus and 2000 B.C. were released on Universal Records). The album was named after the television show E! True Hollywood Story.
 Cowboy's Sweetheart is the name of a studio album released by country singer Lynn Anderson in 1992.Anderson had recently finished a long and lucrative career in the country music business releasing and promoting albums and singles for the public. She finished her last album in 1988 with What She Does Best and a final single from that album titled How Many Hearts. This was her first album in four years and contains all new material.
 Levitate is an album by The Fall released in 1997 on Artful Records. The first edition came with an additional 5 song disc of outtakes and alternate mixes spanning the group's career. A single Masquerade was re-recorded from the album version and released in February 1998 to coincide with Mark E. Smith receiving the Godlike Genius award at the NME Awards and reached number 59 in the UK charts.
 Olympia is the second studio album by Canadian electronic music band Austra released in Canada on June 18 2013 by Paper Bag Records. It was also released in the United States on June 18 2013 and a day before in rest of the world by Domino. Olympia has spawned two singles so far: Home and Painful Like. Stephen Thompson of NPR describes the album as having a more bombastic throb compared to its predecessor but still showcasing lead singer Katie Stelmanis's classically trained ...
 Fiction Tales is the only studio album by English post-punk band Modern Eon. It was released in 1981 on record label Dindisc and reached #65 on the UK Albums Chart.
 The Dark Knight: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack album to the 2008 film of the same name which is a sequel to Christopher Nolan's 2005 film Batman Begins. The soundtrack was released on July 15 2008 in three editions: CD limited edition CD digipak and digital download. The 2-CD Special Edition was released on December 9 2008 along with the DVD. A limited edition 180-gram vinyl LP was released on August 12 2008.
 Confessions Of Fire is the debut album by Harlem rapper Cam'ron. It was released on July 21 1998. Its singles were Horse & Carriage featuring Mase 357 and Feels Good featuring Usher. The album was certified gold by the RIAA with over 500000 copies sold.
 Metamorphosis of Vivaldi's Four Seasons is a musical piece featuring guitarist Uli Jon Roth's interpretation of Antonio Vivaldi's work The Four Seasons in a rock-classical fusion. The album also includes a new concerto Metamorphosis. Metamorphosis is separated into 24 tracks bridged by soundscapes and narration. It was released in Europe and Japan in 2003 and in North America in 2004.
 It's a Beautiful Thing is the third studio album from American hip hop artist Keith Murray released October 13 1998 on Jive Records.The album peaked at number thirty-nine on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Man vs Monster is the debut album from Northern Ireland trio Fighting with Wire which was released on 10 March 2008. The band launched their album tour at the Nerve Centre in their home town Derry on 1 December 2007.Rock Sound placed the album at No. 71 on their Top 75 Albums of 2008 list.
 Out There was a compilation album by the American rock band Love released in 1988 on Big Beat Records (ACE records). It consists of tracks from the 1969 double LP Out Here and the 1970 LP False Start.
 Miyavi is the seventh major studo album by Japanese musician Miyavi. It was released on June 19 2013 in Japan and on March and April of 2014 in Europe and United States. It charted as number eight on Oricon and Billboard Japan.
 Silver Cycles is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1968 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Blue is the unofficial name of an EP by Universal Indicator. This album was produced solely by Mike Dred. The album was pressed in a limited edition of 1000 12 vinyl copies.
 The Singles is the sixth album by Corey Hart released in 1991. This compilation album contains fifteen tracks two of which were not released as singles. Seven other album singles released at that time were omitted from this collection.
 Stages is an album by Folk rock musician Eric Andersen. The album was recorded in late 1972 and into early 1973 as the intended followup to Andersen's successful Blue River album but before it could be released the master tapes were somehow lost in the Columbia vaults. It wasn't until 1990 that the tapes were discovered at which time the album was finally released. In addition to the original 1972-73 recordings Andersen included three newly recorded songs.
 PXR5 is the ninth studio album by Hawkwind released in 1979. It reached No. 59 on the UK album charts.
 Far Out (1996) is the second full length album released on CD by Tadpoles. The album was recorded by the core trio of Todd Parker David Max and Nick Kramer after drummer Michael Kite Audino and guitarist Andrew Jackson Shapiro left the group. Guest musicians Edward Odowd (The Toilet Boys / Psychic TV) and Steve Savoca (The Werefrogs) perform drums and percussion on the album.
 The Tennessee Fire is the debut album by the rock band My Morning Jacket.
 Round Trip is an album by The Gap Band released in November 14 1989 on the Capitol Records/EMI Records. The album includes the number one hit single on the American R&B chart All of My Love and the single Addicted to Your Love.
 Mirror Repair is a 1995 EP by Gastr del Sol released on Drag City. The album was written and performed by David Grubbs and Jim O'Rourke.
 Ill at Ease is the third full-length studio album by the Australian hard rock/alternative metal band The Mark of Cain. It was released in 1995 by Australian label rooArt and produced by Henry Rollins. First Time and LMA were released as singles from the album. The Contender Interloper You Let Me Down Hindsight and Pointman were remixed for release on the following album Rock and Roll.
 A Hyperactive Workout for the Flying Squad is the seventh album by Ocean Colour Scene (OCS); Hyperactive Workout was originally due to be released in September 2004 but Sanctuary Records requested the band record a live album instead and pushed the release back to 'early 2005' (the album finally arrived on 21 March). The album was produced by Dave Eringa who has previously worked with Manic Street Preachers Idlewild and Massive Attack amongst others.
 Jeremy Camp Live is a live album by musician Jeremy Camp released on November 17 2009 and recorded on March 9 2009 in Dallas Texas during the The Rock And Worship Road Show
 Closet Freak: The Best of Cee Lo Green The Soul Machine is a greatest hits compilation album released by American hip hop musician Cee Lo Green also known for working with Atlanta hip hop group Goodie Mob and production duo Gnarls Barkley. The album consists of tracks from his work with the Goodie Mob and his two solo albums. The album comes on the heels of his noted mainstream rise due to the popularity of the Gnarls Barkley St. Elsewhere album and Crazy single.
 Come On Board is the sixth album by anti-folk artist Jeffrey Lewis and the first credited to Peter Stampfel and Jeffrey Lewis. Peter Stampfel was a founding member of American folk music band The Holy Modal Rounders. In an interview with Audio Antihero for GoldFlakePaint Lewis revealed that a follow up album was due in 2013.
 Punk Goes 80s is part of the Punk Goes... compilation series created by Fearless Records featuring cover versions of songs from the 1980s. It was released on June 7 2005.
 The Eventually Home is the second release from Andy Hull's solo project Right Away Great Captain. The concept record conveys the journey of a 17th-century sailor who has been betrayed by his wife who has committed adultery with his own brother. In this second part of the planned trilogy the sailor returns home in the song Memories from a Shore with the intention of killing both his wife and brother.
 Hobab (pronounced [hobɒːb]) is the third official studio album by Iranian singer-songwriter Mohsen Yeganeh.
 The Astaire Story is a 1952 album by Fred Astaire. The album was conceived of and produced by Norman Granz the founder of Clef Records (and later Verve Records) who was also responsible for the Jazz at the Philharmonic concerts at which all of the musicians on the album had performed.
 Wait to Pleasure is the second studio album by Canadian shoegazing band No Joy. The album was released in April 2013 under Kemado Records and Mexican Summer Records.
 La Más Perfecta Colección is the third greatest hits compilation by Spanish recording artist Mónica Naranjo released on December 6 2011 through Sony. The album includes most of her hits from her five studio albums and Enamorada de Ti which was included on her compilation Colección Privada (2005) and also includes one new track Emperatriz de Mis Sueños which was used as the theme song for the Mexican telenovela Emperatriz.
 Anata ni Tsutaetai (あなたに伝えたい I Want to Tell You) is Kurumi Enomoto's first EP released on October 21 2009 (2009-10-21). It debuted at #131 on the Japanese Oricon album charts and charted in the top 300 for two weeks.This EP is the first time Enomoto has not worked with Bump of Chicken producer Mor since her debut under For Life Music.The title track Anata ni Tsutaetai was used as a promotional track for this release receiving a music video.
 Five Leaves Left recorded in 1969 was the first of three albums by British folk musician Nick Drake. Like Bryter Layter but unlike Pink Moon this album contains no unaccompanied songs. Drake was accompanied by members of the British folk-rock groups Fairport Convention and Pentangle.
 My Documents is a DVD by Bosnian alternative rock band Sikter that was released on June 19 2007. It was released by record label Gramfon in co-production with Pro.ba modern art center from Sarajevo.The main part of DVD occupies a documentary film I Was Dreaming of a Smirnoff Buffalo. It's biographical film which follows band from formation in 1990 until 2007 and releasing their third album My Music. Film including subtitles on Bosnian and English language.
 Black Radio 2 is the sixth studio album by the American jazz pianist/R&B producer Robert Glasper (and the second with his Robert Glasper Experiment band) released on October 29 2013 by Blue Note Records. It is the follow-up to the Grammy Award winner Black Radio released in 2012.
 Stompin' Grounds is the fourth studio album released by the American country rock/southern rock band The Kentucky Headhunters. It was the first album to feature Doug Phelps on lead vocals. He had rejoined the band after leaving Brother Phelps a duo founded by him and his brother Ricky Lee who was originally their lead vocalist. The only single from it was a cover of Guy Mitchell's Singin' the Blues.
 Bionic is the debut album of the Canadian rock band Sandbox. The album was recorded at Metalworks Studios between January and February of 1995. It was released in 1995 on Latitude Records. An enhanced edition was later released in 1996. The album's first single Curious reached #34 on Canada's RPM Singles chart and #8 on Canada's Alternative chart. The song also received regular airplay on MuchMusic. Videos were later also released for the singles Collide and Here and There.
 Milk It: The Best of Death in Vegas is a compilation album by Death in Vegas released on February 7 2005 in the UK and on February 23 2005 in Japan. Disc one is a collection of some of the band's best album tracks while disc two is a bonus disc of remixes. The album was not released in the US.
 Losers Weepers is the tenth studio album by American Blues artist Etta James released in 1971.
 The Big Eye Am is the third album by the English psychedelic rock band Poisoned Electrick HeadThe album features the band's No. 1 independent chart hit Out of Order. The CD issue also includes a bonus track Cap of Flies (originally the B-side to the band's 1989 single Trickeroo and previously released on the 1992 Unmistakeably Rainbow Trout cassette album).
 Fortress (stylized as F O R T R E S S) is the Miniature Tigers' second full-length album. It was released on July 27 2010.
 Sub Focus is the self-titled début album from British drum & bass producer Sub Focus. The album primarily features drum & bass tracks however there are tracks showcasing dubstep electronic house and trance music elements. Rock It / Follow the Light managed to break in to the Top 40 of the UK Singles Chart. The album charted at #55 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Death Alley is the sixth studio album by the Seattle hardcore punk band Zeke. It was released on Aces and Eights Records in 2001.
 My Brain Says Stop But My Heart Says Go! is the fourth studio album by Canadian pop punk band FM Static. The album was released on April 5 2011 through Tooth & Nail Records. The first two singles from the record are F.M.S.T.A.T.I.C. and Last Train Home.The full album was posted for streaming by the band at tweematic.com/fmstatic.
 Blood's Too Rich by Luke Doucet & the White Falcon is Luke Doucet's fourth album. The album was released in Canada on January 8 2008 by Six Shooter Records. Six Shooter Records released the album in the United States on June 24 2008.In an interview for Exclaim! Doucet commented on how the album compared with his previous album Broken:Broken was very much single-themed. It was a break-up record about broken hearts and wallowing in pity and self-despair.
 Narcissus Road is the debut album by English Indie rock band The Hours. It is named after a road in West Hampstead London NW6; a picture of the road sign is on the back cover.
 Music for Aliens is a collection of six songs by Space downloadable on their old website www.spacetheband.com made between 2002 and 2003 during the time the band were on hiatus from public recognition. While they were busy finding a new label and working on their next album Space released these tracks in order to keep their waiting fans happy.
 The Lord of Steel is the eleventh studio album of the American heavy metal band Manowar. It was first released as a download on June 16 2012 and the limited-edition pre-release special edition CD of the British heavy metal magazine Metal Hammer on June 26 2012; The retail edition of The Lord Of Steel will feature different mixes and mastering spectacular new art by fantasy artist Ken Kelly and other surprises. The album will be available as CD limited-edition vinyl and digital album.
 The Bootleg of the Bootleg EP is an extended play by American rapper Jean Grae released on October 7 2003 by Babygrande Records. It was recorded at Building Block Studio The Bar Upstairs and The BK FireHouse in New York City.
 Methodrone is the second studio album by American psychedelic rock band The Brian Jonestown Massacre released in 1995. The name of the album is a portmanteau of the drug methadone used in treatment of heroin addiction and the word drone referencing the overall shoegaze sound of the album. The album's dreamy rock sound is comparable to that of Spacemen 3 and My Bloody Valentine.
 Live Live Live Extra is a live album released by X Japan on November 5 1997. Supplemental to the previously published Live Live Live Tokyo Dome 1993-1996 it contains more recordings from the band's annual New Year's Eve concerts at the Tokyo Dome. All tracks on this album were recorded on December 31 1996 with the exception of Piano Solo which was taken from the 1995 performance. The album reached number 13 on the Oricon chart.
 Still Not Sorry is the debut album by the New York trio MYNT. The album did not appear on any of the Billboard charts though their first single How Did You Know peaked at #3 in the Hot Dance Airplay chart and #97 Billboard Hot 100. Following singles included Stay Still Not Sorry and You're the Only One.
 I Believe in You. Your Magic Is Real. is an album released by YACHT on Marriage Records in 2007. To promote the album frontman Jona Bechtolt performed a live show on a yacht.
 Ghost Stories is the fourth studio album by Canadian singer/songwriter Chantal Kreviazuk released on August 29 2006. The first single released from the album was All I Can Do. The second was Wonderful and the third was Ghosts of You.The album produced entirely by Kreviazuk's husband Our Lady Peace member Raine Maida does not have a single guitar on any of the tracks.
 Just Earrings is the debut album by Dutch beat band Golden Earring.
 Calm Down Gurrl is the sixth album and seventeenth Bravo stand-up comedy special by stand-up comedian Kathy Griffin and nineteenth overall. It was televised live from the Wells Fargo Center for the Arts in Santa Rosa California on August 6 2013 on Bravo.
 1998–2001: Best of Virgin Years is the second compilation album by the German band Oomph!. It features tracks from three of Oomph!'s albums released under the Virgin label.
 Faster & Llouder is the second album released by American country music duo Foster & Lloyd. It contained their last top 10 song Fair Shake. The other singles released Before the Heartache Rolls In Suzette and Fat Lady Sings failed to break into the top 40 while the latter failed to chart at all. The album itself peaked at #44 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. It was however their only album to appear on The Billboard 200 charting at #142.
 White-Out Conditions is the first album by the Norwegian band Bel Canto.
 Find Shelter is the debut album from musician and producer Noah Georgeson.[1]
 Destination: Beautiful is the full-length debut album by American alternative/indie band Mae. It was released on February 25 2003 on Tooth & Nail Records.In 2012 Spartan Records created a vinyl record of Destination: Beautiful. Later a 2nd and 3rd pressing followed all of which sold out.
 Pure And Simple is the eighth studio album by Joan Jett and the Blackhearts released in 1994.Pure and Simple was the first album to feature a new line up of Blackheart band members since the departure of longtime guitarist Ricky Byrd and bassist Kasim Sulton after the release of Jett's last album Notorious. This new line up consisted of legendary bassist Kenny Aaronson and lead guitarist Tony Bruno Rey.
 Quello che sei is the fifth studio album of the Italian band Punkreas released in 2005.
 The Matrix Reloaded: Limited Edition (2-CD Set) is a score album to the 2003 film The Matrix Reloaded. It was officially released on August 27 2013. Unlike the first soundtrack which featured songs from the film this release includes almost the entire film's score on two discs.
 Down to Earth is the second album by Jem the follow-up to her successful 2004 debut Finally Woken. The first single It's Amazing was featured on the soundtrack to the Sex and the City movie. In August 2008 Crazy was released as a single on iTunes and other digital music outlets.
 Not a Moment Too Soon is the second album by American country music singer Tim McGraw. It was released on March 22 1994. Written by country song writer Wayne Perry it reached No. 1 on Billboard's Top 200 chart and No. 1 on Billboard Country chart and stayed for 26 consecutive weeks. It was Billboard's best selling album of 1994. For all genres of that year it was in the top five.
 Jack Jones Sings is an album by Pop vocalist Jack Jones.
 Gleanings is a 1977 album by jazz musician John Coltrane.
 This article describes an album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! discography.Now That's What I Call Music! 56 or Now 56 was released in 2003.
 Arbeit macht frei is the debut album of the Jazz fusion band Area. It is notable for featuring Patrick Djivas (which is now known better for his work with Premiata Forneria Marconi) on bass and Eddie Busnello on saxophone which parted after the release of the album.
 BBC Radio One Sessions is a 2002 album by the Canadian rock band Cowboy Junkies. It was released only in Canada and the United Kingdom. It compiles tracks that the band recorded for BBC Radio One in the UK.It was released on Strange Fruit Records in the UK and Latent Records in Canada.
 Cyborgs Revisited is an album by Simply Saucer released in 1989 on Mole Sound Records and Cargo Records. It was compiled from various archival recordings by the band who had only ever released one 7 single before breaking up in 1979. The album's first side was an unreleased demo produced by Daniel Lanois and Bob Lanois in 1974 and the album's second side was a 1975 concert recorded on the roof of Hamilton's Jackson Square.
 Local Gentry is the third album by Bobbie Gentry. The second of four albums she released in 1968 it was produced by Kelly Gordon.
 Big Night Music was the fourth full-length Shriekback album released in 1986. Barry Andrews dominates the writing and performing on the album with remaining original member Dave Allen fading into the background. Allen would leave the band following this release.
 Galos de Briga is an album by singer and composer of Brazilian samba and MPB João Bosco released in 1976.
 Gotta Tell You is the debut and only studio album by Irish singer Samantha Mumba. It was released on 31 October 2000 in the United Kingdom by Polydor Records Interscope Records Wildcard Records and A&M Records. It has sold over four million copies worldwide.[citation needed]
 Life on the Murder Scene is the first live album by New Jersey rock band My Chemical Romance. It was released on March 21 2006 (see 2006 in music). The release includes three discs (two DVDs and one CD) of the whole history documenting the band from the start to the present. Life on the Murder Scene is a predominantly live album but also includes two demo tracks and a previously unreleased track.
 Mind Fruit is a 1992 album by Opus III.It's a Fine Day is a cover of a 1983 single by Jane & Barton while I Talk to the Wind is a cover of a King Crimson song from their 1969 debut album In the Court of the Crimson King. Stars in My Pocket is a reference to a novel by Samuel R. Delany while Into This Universe features a recital of an English translation of a poem by medieval Persian poet Omar Khayyam.
 Coliseu dos Recreios de Lisboa – October 30th 2001 is a live album by Tindersticks. The album was the second in a series of 'official bootlegs' and was limited to 2500 copies.
 Ulrik Munther is the self-titled debut album of young Swedish singer-songwriter Ulrik Munther. It was released on 24 August 2011 in Sweden under the Universal Music record label and hit the #1 position on the Swedish Albums Chart on its first week of release staying at #1 for one week. All of the songs are composed by Munther himself.Munther re-released the album on 29 February 2012 after his participation in the Melodifestivalen 2012.
 The 1234 is an EP by TheStart. It was recorded and released in 2002 limited to only 500 copies. The recording and pressing of the record was self-financed by the band and it was only available through their website or on tour. All three tracks would later be released on the Death Via Satellite EP.
 Knights in White Satin is a 1976 album composed produced and performed by Giorgio Moroder.Side A of the album consists almost solely of a disco version of Moody Blues' 1967 hit Nights in White Satin interrupted by a Moroder/Bellotte composition called In the Middle of the Knight.
 Mean Streak is the fifth studio album by American hard rock/heavy metal band Y&T released in 1983 through A&M Records.
 ¡Viva El Amor! (Spanish for Long Live Love) is the seventh studio album by the rock band The Pretenders released in 1999. The band's lineup for the album is the same as that credited on 1994's Last of the Independents: Chrissie Hynde (vocals guitar) Martin Chambers (drums) Andy Hobson (bass) and Adam Seymour (guitar).
 Sternenmädchen is a compilation album by Nina Hagen released in 2001.
 Six Years Home is the debut studio album by Italian post-hardcore band Hopes Die Last. It was released on August 4 2009 through Standby Records. It includes a re-recorded version of Call Me Sick Boy from their EP Your Face Down Now and nine other tracks.
 Metal Priestess is the 1981 EP by punk-metal band The Plasmatics fronted by Wendy O. Williams.Dan Hartman who produced acts such as 38 Special and James Brown among others had been working on a session in LA when he picked up a copy of Beyond the Valley of 1984 and couldn't stop playing it. It was ground breaking he said. I knew I wanted to meet these people and do something with them. Dan came down to the Tribeca loft where he met Wendy O.
 Ao Vivo e Acústico no Som do Mato is the fourth album from Brazilian blues/rock band O Bando do Velho Jack and was released in 2004. This album was recorded live and unplugged and was also released in DVD.
 Geidi Primes is the debut studio album by Canadian recording artist Grimes released on January 10 2010 by Arbutus Records. In 2011 the album was released in the United Kingdom by No Pain in Pop Records on CD and LP containing a slightly different cover art. The album's title and several of its song titles reference Frank Herbert's novel Dune.
 And Also the Trees is the debut studio album by English gothic rock band And Also the Trees. It was released in February 1984 through record label Reflex.
 Fight the Power: Greatest Hits Live! is a live album by Public Enemy.
 Rock Me Tonight is the platinum selling debut album from R&B/soul singer Freddie Jackson. Released in 1985 the album yielded four top-10 singles on the U.S. R&B chart with the first two You Are My Lady and Rock Me Tonight (For Old Times Sake) reaching number one. The latter two Love Is Just a Touch Away and He'll Never Love You peaked at Nos. 9 and 8 respectively. The album contains a cover of the Billie Holiday classic Good Morning Heartache.
 The Creeper is an album by American trumpeter Donald Byrd featuring Byrd with Sonny Red Pepper Adams Chick Corea Miroslav Vitous and Mickey Roker recorded in October 1967 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1981.
 Whine is a live album by Scorn released on October 21 1997 through Invisible Records.
 Death to Tyrants is Sick of it All's eighth album released on April 18 2006. On this record the band introduced a much heavier and stronger sound. This was the first Sick of It All album not released on Fat Wreck Chords (who released their previous three albums) since 1997's Built to Last.
 Wake Up! is a collaborative studio album by American R&B recording artist John Legend and hip hop band The Roots released September 21 2010 on GOOD Music via Columbia Records. It was produced by Legend with band members Ahmir Questlove Thompson and James Poyser and features guest appearances by CL Smooth Malik Yusef Common and Melanie Fiona among others.
 The Fharmacist is the 13th album released by MC Breed. It was released on May 8 2001 for Fharmacy Recordings and featured production from MC Breed Jazze Pha The D.O.C. Dog Corey Peterson and Gee Pierce. By the time this album was released Breed's popularity had greatly decreased thus the album did not make it to the Billboard charts. His single Let's Go To The Club received massive airplay in his native Detroit area but not as much elsewhere.
 Contamination is a 1996 album by Belgian electro-industrial act Suicide Commando.
 I Officially Exist (هستم رسما) is the second hip-hop album by Iranian female rapper Salome MC (سالومه ) and the first full-length studio album by a female Iranian rapper. It is a concept album mostly in the Persian language except verses of some guest artists and the song Salome's Tale the first song by Salome written and performed in English.
 Impaler's Wolves is the second EP by the black metal band Graveland. It was released on Eastclan records in 1999. The cover pictures an image of Vlad the Impaler.
 LifeTimes is an album by Diana Hubbard released in 1979 by Waterhouse Records 8. In addition to Diana Hubbard the album includes musical contributions from Chick Corea Stanley Clarke John Goodsall Michael Boddicker and Patrick Moraz. Diana is the daughter of Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard and his wife Mary Sue Hubbard. Born in London in 1952 by age 6 she was composing sonatas for piano.
 Crystal Gayle in Concert is the name of a live album and DVD by Crystal Gayle from one of concerts released in 2005.This was one of Crystal Gayle's first live albums. It was filmed during her HBO concert and was released as a DVD and CD as a package from White Star records. Gayle was most famous in the 70s and 80s for her string of Country-Pop crossover songs like Don't It Make My Brown Eyes Blue and Half the Way.
 Keyholder is the seventh studio album by Swedish progressive rock band Kaipa. It is the second album of the reformed Kaipa line-up.
 Rift.Canyon.Dreams is the second EP by the U.S. doom metal band Burning Witch. It was originally released in 1998 on Merciless Records to a limited distribution of 500 copies. It is available on the compilation Crippled Lucifer (Seven Psalms For Our Lord Of Light) through Southern Lord Records.
 Live in Japan was the first live album released by the American pop music duo Carpenters. The album contained a new version of Sing with the children's chorus sung by the Kyoto Children's Choir. The band released The End of the World as a promotional single that reached No. 3 on US Hot 100.
 230596 was one of the first releases by Exhaust before they signed themselves to Constellation. The title of this album comes from the date when it was recorded.
 Dulce y Picante (Spanish for Sweet and Spicy) is a 1998 album from Alberto Naranjo.
 Swarm! is the second album by the Finnish death metal band Torture Killer released on February 24 2006. The album is the only album by Torture Killer to feature vocalist Chris Barnes.
 An Online Odyssey is a promotional only album released by British funk/acid jazz band Jamiroquai released on 1 June 2001 in the United Kingdom in the Summer of 2001 to promote the launch of A Funk Odyssey as well as the band's new website. Around 10000 copies of the album were pressed with most being distributed in Britain. British copies of the album also featured a membership postcard for the group's fan club A Club Odyssey.
 Pigeonhole was the first studio album released by the British pop group New Fast Automatic Daffodils released on Play It Again Sam in Europe in 1990.
 Burner is a studio album from American indie hip hop producer Odd Nosdam. It was released on Anticon in 2005.The album features guest appearances from Mike Patton Örvar Þóreyjarson Smárason Jessica Bailiff Dosh Dax Pierson Jel among others.
 And Now That I'm in Your Shadow is the sixth studio album by American rock musician Damien Jurado. It was released on 10 October 2006 by Secretly Canadian.
 The Toshiko Akiyoshi – Lew Tabackin Big Band Novus Series '70 is a compilation album of songs taken from the band's early RCA releases of 1974~1976.
 Soulmates (album) is the second album from American singer and actor Joey Lawrence. It was released in 1997 on Curb Records. Unlike his debut album Joey Lawrence he featured in the production and co-wrote nine of the songs (the tenth track was self-penned).
 Looking 4 Myself is the seventh studio album by American R&B recording artist Usher. It was released on June 8 2012 on RCA Records following the disbandment of Jive Records in October 2011 and LaFace Records months later. Several producers were involved with its production including Diplo Rico Love Jim Jonsin Salaam Remi Pharrell Williams and Max Martin among others. It features several guest vocalists including Rick Ross Pharrell Luke Steele and ASAP Rocky.
 Angels of Love is an instrumental studio album by Yngwie Malmsteen released on March 10 2009. The album features nine all-new acoustic renditions of previously released material as well as a previously unreleased track.Malmsteen re-arranged all the compositions by himself and he is also the only performer on the album playing acoustic steel and classical guitars keyboards guitar synthesizer and cello as well as few electric guitar fills.The woman on the cover is Malmsteen's wife April.
 No Gimmicks Needed is the debut full-length studio album from New York hardcore punk band Kill Your Idols. It was released in July 2000 on Blackout Records.
 The Libations of Samhain is a live album released by Sunn O))). The first track is a live performance in London on Halloween 2003 and the second is an interview by Savage Pencil and Sharon Gal originally broadcast on London's Resonance FM 104. 500 copies with raw covers and 100 with orange covers were produced.
 Lovelyville is the third album by Thinking Fellers Union Local 282 released on December 12 1991 through Matador Records.
 Jar of Flies is the third studio EP by the American rock band Alice in Chains released on January 25 1994 through Columbia Records. It is the first EP in music history to debut at number one on the Billboard 200 Chart with the first week sales exceeding 141000 copies in the United States and was well received by critics.
 Accentuate the Positive is an album recorded in 2004 by singer Al Jarreau based around songs from the 1940s. In 2005 the album received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Jazz Vocal Album.
 Making a Good Thing Better is an album by Olivia Newton-John released 1977.
 Pills Against the Ageless Ills is the third studio album by Norwegian avant-garde metal band Solefald. It was released on 19 September 2001 and is their first album under the Century Media label. It is a concept album following the story of two brothers Philosopher Fuck and Pornographer Cain.
 Murray's Revenge is the second collaboration album from California rapper Murs (of Living Legends) and North Carolina producer 9th Wonder (formerly of Little Brother). Like their first collaboration Murs 3:16: The 9th Edition the album features ten songs all produced by 9th Wonder and is less than 40 minutes long. This effort was Murs' most commercially successful release being his first to break into the Billboard 200 album chart.
 Evolution of a Man is an album by Brian McKnight which was released on October 27 2009. This album comes after many media outlets announced a different album title or different album all together called Live From Fifteen. The album contains collaborations with Jill Scott and Stevie Wonder. The album received mixed reviews upon its release.The first single What I've Been Waiting For was officially released on August 21 2009.
 Other Voices Too (A Trip Back To Bountiful) is a 1998 album by Nanci Griffith. Following on from the Grammy Award winning album Other Voices Other Rooms Other Voices Too (A Trip Back to Bountiful) is a second album of cover songs penned by a wide variety of singer/songwriters.
 The Great Misdirect is the fifth studio album by American progressive metal band Between the Buried and Me. It was released on October 27 2009 through Victory Records and was produced by Jamie King. Despite containing only six tracks (their least tracked full-length release to date) the album reaches nearly an hour in total time length. The album contains some of their lengthier songs such as Swim to the Moon which surpasses 17 minutes.
 The Raincoats is the debut studio album by English rock band The Raincoats. It was released in 1979 on Rough Trade Records. The album is perhaps best known for its off-kilter cover of Lola by The Kinks. The album's seventh track The Void was notably covered by Hole in 1994.In May 2010 the band performed the album in its entirety in London.[citation needed]
 Screen Gems is a 1984 album by Elkie Brooks comprising Brooks' interpretations of songs from the movies from the 20s and 30s the album's title references all of the selections being introduced or prominently featured in mid-20th century movie releases.
 Tenement Symphony (subtitled Kies und Glanz • Grit and Glitter • Grès et Paillettes) is the seventh studio album by the British singer/songwriter Marc Almond. It was released in 1991 and reached number thirty-nine on the UK Albums Chart.
 Perviy Potseluy (Russian: Первый Поцелуй literally First Kiss) is the debut album the songs performed by the SuperStar KZ 6th-place finisher Makpal Isabekova.[citation needed]
 Use Your Nose is the first EP by the Swedish punk rock group Millencolin released on December 4 1993 by Burning Heart Records. All of the songs from the EP were re-released on the 1999 compilation album The Melancholy Collection. The phrase use your nose refers to a skateboarding trick in which the rider slides with the nose or front part of the skateboard. A skateboarder using his nose to slide on a rail is illustrated on the cover of the album.
 Craps is the second full length from Boston band Big Dipper. The album was released in 1988 on Homestead Records. Craps was remastered and re-released as part of Merge Record's Supercluster: The Big Dipper Anthology in 2008.
 The Story Of Simon Simopath is the debut album by British psychedelic band Nirvana released by Island Records in 1967. The lyrics trace the story from life to death of the titular hero via a series of short songs. The story deals with a boy named Simon Simopath who dreams of having wings. He is unpopular at school and after reaching adulthood (in 1999) goes to work in an office in front of a computer.
 Peace Be Still is the live album of gospel singer James Cleveland and The Angelic Choir of the First Baptist Church of Nutley NJ a choir directed by Rev. Lawrence Roberts. It was recorded in Scotch Plains NJ and released in 1963 under Savoy Records.
 The Journey Continues is an album by Australian musician Tommy Emmanuel. It is a double CD release and contains the original Australian release of The Journey plus nine additional songs.
 Putting the Days to Bed is the third full-length album by indie rock band the Long Winters. It was released in the US by Barsuk Records and distributed in Europe by Munich Records in 2006. The album title is a lyric from the album track Hindsight.
 Libido is the first studio album by Líbido released in 1998.
 Naked is the eighth and final studio album by Talking Heads released in 1988 (see 1988 in music). The band dissolved shortly after the album's release finally announcing their breakup in 1991.Initial pressings were one of the first and few CDs from Warner Bros. Records to be encoded with CD+Graphics a videotext-type signal with song lyrics instrumentation chords and other information viewable on a standard television from a compatible CD or Karaoke-CD player.
 United is the twelfth studio album by the Commodores released in 1986 as the follow-up to their extremely successful album Nightshift from the previous year. This album included one of The Commodores' last significant hits in Goin' to the Bank and it has been the group's last major charting album to date even though they went on to release several albums since. Goin' to the Bank climbed to number two on Billboard's R&B singles chart.
 EP002 is an EP by the alternative rock band thenewno2.
 Small Town Minds is an EP by the band MxPx released in 1997. It was released on Tooth & Nail Records with a catalogue number of TNV #10.
 Live in Seattle is an album by jazz musician John Coltrane on Impulse! Records recorded in 1965 and released posthumously in 1971. The original Double LP issue was expanded to 2 CDs for the reissue. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow warns Coltrane experts know that 1965 was the year that his music became quite atonal and with the addition of Sanders often very violent.
 Beauty Killer is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Jeffree Star released September 22 2009 under Popsicle Records through Warner Music Group's Independent Label Group. The album was mostly produced by God's Paparazzi but also features work from other producers and artist including producer Lester Mendez and Young Money singer and rapper Nicki Minaj.
 Sack Full Of Silver is the fourth full-length album by Thin White Rope.
 Dayang Sayang Kamu is the fourth studio album by Malaysian recording artist Dayang Nurfaizah. It was released on October 31 2004 by her company DN & AD Entertainment Sdn Bhd. The album was fully self-financed by Dayang herself due to the legal problems that she had faced with her previous record label Broadway Entertainment.Dayang Sayang Kamu was nominated for Best Album in Anugerah Planet Muzik 2006.
 「ネガとポジ」(Nega to Poji) is the fourteen album by the Japanese rock group Plastic Tree.
 Kinks is the self-titled debut album by English rock band The Kinks released in 1964. It was released with three tracks omitted as You Really Got Me in the US.The album was re-released in 1998 in the UK on Castle Records with twelve bonus tracks. This reissue was itself reissued in 2004 on the Sanctuary label. A deluxe edition was released on 28 March 2011.
 The Purple Album is the third album by Purple City released on May 23 2006 through Babygrande Records.
 Where I'm From (Base on Roots) is the first album by a Sierra Leone rapper and singer Sia Boss. It was prelaunched in 2007 and released in 2008 under Def Rhythm Label. It was co-produced by Main Piece and Sia Boss. However the album wasn't very much successful to meet the Sierra Leonean taste of music.
 Out of The Blue is the second album released by German music group Systems in Blue released in 2008. It has 12 new tracks of the band.
 Marinella - 14 Apo ta oraiotera tragoudia mou (Greek: Μαρινέλλα - 14 Από τα ωραιότερα τραγούδια μου; English: Marinella - 14 From my most beautiful songs) is a compilation of recordings by popular Greek singer Marinella under the PolyGram Records - Philips series 14 Apo Ta Oraiotera Tragoudia Mou or 16 Apo Ta Oraiotera Tragoudia Mou. This album is part of the compilation. It was released in 1987 in Greece and includes 14 recordings by Marinella from 1976 - 1985 for the PolyGram Records.
 Arcade Fire (known unofficially as Us Kids Know) is a self-titled extended play (EP) by the indie rock band Arcade Fire. The EP was recorded in Maine United States during the summer of 2002. Arcade Fire was remastered and repackaged for its 2005 re-release by Merge Records for fans after they had grown obsessed with the band's debut album Funeral. It was initially released in 2003 by the band in their shows and website and then re-released in 2005 by Merge.
 Stop the Traffik – Secret Fear is an EP released by English-New Zealand singer Daniel Bedingfield in 2012. It was re-released in 2013 as a Special Edition with several track changes. Rocks Off was released as a single accompanied by It's Not Me It's You.
 Evening in Torpor was a student-project that Natalie Merchant and Rob Buck from the band 10000 Maniacs were involved with around the time that 10000 Maniacs was beginning. All of the songs were written by Albert Garzon.
 Greatest Hits High Tides Forever is an eight track compilation album by American southern rock band Outlaws released in 1982 featuring all their major hits including Green Grass and High Tides and a live version of (Ghost) Riders in the Sky recorded in 1982 for the King Biscuit Flower Hour.
 Live At Acton Town Hall is live recording by Joe Strummer & The Mescaleros released as a Record Store Day exclusive in 2012 on a limited number of 2200 copies on 2 LP vinyl. The concert a benefit for striking firefighters was originally recorded on 15 November 2002 at Acton Town Hall in London and features one of the final live performances by Strummer (the last live show being in Liverpool on 22 November 2002) who died due to a heart condition on 22 December 2002.
 Blue Sky and the Devil is the second studio release of Duluth Minnesota group Trampled by Turtles.
 That's The Way God Planned It is the fourth studio album by Billy Preston released in 1969 on Apple Records and also the title track from that album which had previously been released as a single. George Harrison Keith Richards Eric Clapton and other guests appear on the album.
 Kylie Showgirl is a live DVD by Australian pop singer Kylie Minogue. Filmed during Minogue's Showgirl: The Greatest Hits Tour on 6 May 2005 at Earls Court Exhibition Centre in London England it was released by EMI on 25 November 2005 in Europe.
 Kirkatron is an album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Rahsaan Roland Kirk featuring performances by Kirk recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1975 and studio sessions from 1975 and 1976.The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states Shortly after Rahsaan Roland Kirk finished his first album for Warner Brothers he suffered a major stroke that put him out of action and greatly shortened his life.
 December's Children (And Everybody's) is the fifth American studio album by The Rolling Stones released in late 1965.
 Digital Connectivity is a DVD by Los Angeles industrial metal band Fear Factory released in 2001 on Roadrunner Records.Durning the selection Separated into 4 parts Lifeblind's intro is repeated.
 Crosby & Nash is a double album released by David Crosby and Graham Nash of CSNY in 2004.
 Songs For The Sad Eyed Girl is the fifth album by London indie pop band Biff Bang Pow! released in 1990.
 Jealous Ones Still Envy (J.O.S.E.) is the fourth studio album by Fat Joe. The title is a reference to Fat Joe's second album Jealous One's Envy. The album debuted and peaked at number 21 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 In Too Deep is the soundtrack to the 1999 crime film In Too Deep. It was released on August 24 1999 through Columbia Records and contained hip hop and R&B music. The soundtrack fared well on the Billboard charts peaking at #28 on the Billboard 200 and #8 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. Also featured on the soundtrack was a then unknown 50 Cent's debut single How to Rob which made it to #62 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and #24 on the Hot Rap Singles.
 The Green EP is an extended play released by English rapper Professor Green on his own record label Green Machine. The EP was released on November 5 2008 long before his mainstream breakthrough with Alive Till I'm Dead. The EP features guest vocals from the likes of Nyomi Gray Adele and Ed Hayes. The EP was produced after Green's first record label The Beats went into administration. Don't Let Go featuring NY was the first and only single to be released from the EP.
 Paulina is the fifth studio album by Mexican recording artist Paulina Rubio released on May 23 2000 by Universal Latino. It was nominated at the second Latin Grammy Awards for Album of The Year Best Pop Female Vocal Album and Best Song for Y Yo Sigo Aquí. There was also a nomination for the video of her single Yo No Soy Esa Mujer directed by Gustavo Garzon at the third Latin Grammy Awards.
 20th Century Masters - The Millennium Collection: The Best of Whitesnake is a compilation of Whitesnake's biggest hits from the 1980s. It features hit singles from their albums Slide It In Whitesnake (the 1987 album) and Slip of the Tongue. The compilation achieved Gold status.
 The Rosebuds Unwind is The Rosebuds first EP released in 2003.
 Welcome to Paradise is an album by Randy Stonehill released in 1976 on Solid Rock Records. The album was produced by Larry Norman with Andy Johns (The Who Rolling Stones Led Zeppelin) doing the engineering. Stonehill with producer Mark Heard titled his 1989 album Return to Paradise a reference to the title of this record. This album was listed at No. 13 in the 2001 book CCM Presents: The 100 Greatest Albums in Christian Music.
 Spasm is the title of English metal band Peach's fifth release released in 1993. It was originally released as a 2-track 7 Vinyl and is now extremely rare. This song has been covered in concert by the band Tool who Peach's former bass player Justin Chancellor is now a part of.
 Gift is the first major label album by the rock group Taproot. It was released on June 27 2000. I and Again & Again were minor Mainstream Rock radio singles. The album has sold around 250000 copies in the U.S.
 Bez zaklona is the second album by the Serbian rock band Night Shift released in 2009. Unlike the previous album consisting of cover versions Bez zaklona consists of the band's own songs. As bonus track on the album appeared the promotional video for the opening track Snovi.
 True Believer is an Australian country music album by Troy Cassar-Daley released in January 1997.Around the album's release Troy toured with LeAnn Rimes and by himself. At the 1998 Country Music Awards in Tamworth Troy won three Gold Guitars - Best Male Vocal for his single Little Things Album of the Year for True Believer and Best Video for Little Things.
 Human Drama The Best of Human Drama...In a Perfect World was released by Triple X in 2000.
 High and Mighty is the ninth studio album released by British progressive rock band Uriah Heep.High and Mighty was the last Uriah Heep album to feature vocalist and founding member David Byron who was subsequently fired due to his troubles with alcohol (he later died in 1985). The album was not well-received as stylistically it veers from the vein of experimental rock and ventures into slightly more mainstream territory i.e.
 The Coast Is Clear is the fifth studio album released by country music artist Tracy Lawrence. It produced five singles: How a Cowgirl Says Goodbye Better Man Better Off The Coast Is Clear One Step Ahead of the Storm and While You Sleep. Though the first two singles charted at #2 and #4 on the country chart respectively the title track was the first single of Lawrence's career to fall short of the Top Ten.
 The Preacher's Son is the fourth studio album released by rapper Wyclef Jean. The album was released on November 4 2003. The album is produced by Jean and Jerry 'Wonder' Duplessis and mixes the use of instruments with the use of samples. It contains many guest appearances such as Patti LaBelle Rah Digga and Redman.
 Days to Come is the third album of original studio material from British musician Bonobo.It was released on 2 October 2006 on the Ninja Tune independent record label. It has been released in two versions - a standard 1 disc edition (ZENCD119) and a limited edition (ZENCD119X) with a second disc containing instrumental versions of the album's vocal tracks. The album was voted Album of the Year in the 2006 Worldwide Awards on Gilles Peterson's BBC Radio 1 show.
 mercy is the eleventh album by Meredith Monk released on October 29 2002 through ECM New Series.
 Pink Lady Lemonade ~ You're from Inner Space is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & the Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released by Alien8 Recordings on April 5 2011. The album is available on CD or as a limited edition double-LP on color vinyl (either yellow or pink/black 500 copies per color) with artwork by Felix Morel.
 World of Black and Silver is Crystal Eyes' first album released in 1999 by Crazy Life Music. Released again in 2005 under Crystal Eyes' new label Heavy Fidelity.
 3 EPs is a full-length CD by New Zealand band Tall Dwarfs released in 1994. The CD consists of three parts A Question Of Medical Ethics Up The Down Staircase and Sam's Spaniel which apparently at the same time were also released as three vinyl EPs collected in one box.
 Dziwny jest ten świat (Strange is this world) - First Czesław Niemen's solo album released in 1967. At 20 December 1968 as first album in communist Poland Dziwny jest ten świat was awarded with Golden record (160 000 copies sold).
 Jeremy Spencer and the Children is an album by British blues rock musician Jeremy Spencer who was a member of Fleetwood Mac from 1967 to 1971. Released in 1972 this is his second solo album although it was credited to Jeremy Spencer and the Children referring to his band made up of members of the Children of God (Family International) organisation.
 Hell: The Sequel is the debut extended play by Bad Meets Evil an American hip hop duo composed of Royce da 5'9 and Eminem. It was released on June 13 2011 in some countries by Shady Records and Interscope Records and on June 14 2011 in the United States. The EP focuses on hardcore hip hop and midwest hip hop. Songs such as Welcome 2 Hell Above the Law & Loud Noises (featuring Slaughterhouse) includes violent lyrical content while trying to maintain a humorous tone.
 Songs for Japan is a charity compilation album created to benefit relief efforts for the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami. A collaborative project between the music industry's big four record labels (EMI Sony Universal and Warner) the album was released through the iTunes Store on March 25 2011 through Universal. Royalties for the songs featured on the album were waived so that all proceeds may be donated to the Japanese Red Cross Society.
 Jeux d'enfants is the original soundtrack album of the 2003 film Love Me If You Dare starring Guillaume Canet and Marion Cotillard.
 'Basie Swingin' Voices Singin' is a 1966 album by Count Basie with the Alan Copeland singers.It was issued in UK on His Master's Voice label. The single release Happiness Is reached #28 on Billboard's Easy Listening survey.
 Goodbye and Hello is the second album by Tim Buckley released in August 1967 recorded in Los Angeles California in June of the same year.The album was later re-released on January 22 2001 in a compilation with debut album Tim Buckley by WEA/Elektra.In 2005 a 180 gram version of the LP was released on the label Four Men With Beards and is being distributed by City Hall Records.
 Strange Little Girls is a concept album released by singer-songwriter Tori Amos in 2001. The album's 12 tracks are covers of songs written and originally performed by men reinterpreted by Amos from a female's point of view. Amos created female personae for each track (one song featured twins) and was photographed as each with makeup done by Kevyn Aucoin.
 Născut şi crescut în Pantelimon (Born and Raised in Pantelimon) is the second studio album by B.U.G. Mafia released by Cat Music/Media Services in Romania on 29 November 1996. It was highly anticipated as Înc-o zi înc-o poveste (Another Day Another Story) their previous studio material had produced hit records such as Pantelimonu' Petrece (Pantelimon's Having a Party) Înc-o zi înc-o poveste (Another day Another Story) and Viaţă De Borfaş (Hustler's Life).
 Pandemonium Shadow Show is the second album by Harry Nilsson. It was the first product of his three-year $50000 recording contract with RCA Records and was recorded in their Hollywood studio.
 Sotakoira (trans. War Dog) is the 9th album of Finnish heavy metal/rock band Kotiteollisuus. The album made up of cover songs was released on 13 August 2008 and reached the #1 position in the Finnish Albums Chart
 Shhh! is an EP by Flying Lotus released independently in August 2008. It contains remixes and was limited to 500 copies.
 Balloon Man is the debut album by English saxophonist Iain Ballamy featuring Django Bates Steve Watts and Martin France. It was released on the EG label in 1989.
 When the Sky Turns Black is the second album by Brutality and was released in 1994 on Nuclear Blast Records.
 Mignonette is a 2004 album by The Avett Brothers. It was named after an English yacht which sank off the Cape of Good Hope leaving the crew of four stranded on a lifeboat. The cabin boy Richard Parker was killed and eaten by the others two of whom were later put on trial and convicted of murder (see Regina v. Dudley & Stephens).
 Translucence is a 1981 post-punk album by Poly Styrene.
 Korn Live: The Encounter is a live release by the American metal band Korn to promote their studio album Korn III: Remember Who You Are. It premiered on Sunday July 11 2010 on HDNet and then streamed on the band's Myspace profile.
 Rock and Roll: an Introduction to The Velvet Underground is a compilation album by The Velvet Underground. It was released for the European market by Polydor on July 2 2001 as part of their An Introduction To series of budget compilations.Rock and Roll is a greatest hits album that consists mainly of songs off their three albums for Verve/MGM.
 Sacred Cow is a 1996 album by Geggy Tah. It features Whoever You Are a #16 hit on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart that was later used in a Mercedes-Benz commercial in 2001.
 Hits! - The Very Best of T.Rex is a compilation album by T.Rex originally released in 1998 on CD by Crimson an imprint of the Demon Music Group. It was reissued and subtitled Hits! in 2002 with a different sleeve design.The album contains a mixture of singles album tracks and a b-side from 1971-1976 arranged in chronological order. The eight page booklet contains a March 2002 essay by Danielz frontman of the T.Rex tribute band T.Rextasy.
 The Addiction is the sixth album released by rapper Fiend. It was released on June 27 2006 for Fiend Entertainment and was produced by Fiend and Beats By the Pound members KLC & Craig B. The album peaked at No. 70 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 This article describes the 7th album in the New Zealand Now series. It should not be confused with the original UK album of the same name. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 7 (U.K. series).Now That's What I Call Music 7 or Now 7 was released in 2000. The album is the 7th edition of the (NZ) Now! series.
 It Ain't Safe No More... is the sixth studio album by American rapper Busta Rhymes released in 2002. The album went Gold on January 6 2003 and has sold 605000 copies as of December 5 2007.
 Phoenix Amongst The Ashes is the fifth album by the band Hate Eternal. The album was released on May 10 2011. Erik Rutan commented that the band has come up with one of [their] heaviest most twisted evil melodic and insane albums yet.[citation needed] The album was recorded in MANA Recording Studios
 Unforgettable... with Love also known as simply Unforgettable is a 1991 album by Natalie Cole which focuses on covers of standards previously performed by Cole's father Nat King Cole. Her uncle Ike Cole plays piano on the album. It is also her debut for Elektra Records.
 Dancing for Decadence is the fourth studio album by Montreal based punk band The Sainte Catherines. It was released in 2006 on Fat Wreck Chords.
 Live!! is the first live album by the Japanese garage punk band Guitar Wolf. It was released in Japan in June 2000. The album is assembled from four different performances including a show on October 31 1999 at CBGBs. It also includes a MiniCD featuring a remix of Jet Virus.
 Made In Japan is a 1972 album by Flower Travellin' Band. Hiroshima Heaven and Hell and Aw Give Me Air were covered by Cult of Personality 9 and punk band Pulling Teeth respectively for the 2000 Flower Travellin' Band Tribute album.
 Back 2 the Game is the fourth album released by rap group Do or Die. It was released on August 13 2002 for Rap-A-Lot Records/Virgin Records. This album did not fare as well as the group's previous three but peaked at #64 on the Billboard 200 and #25 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Native North American Child: An Odyssey was a 1974 compilation album released after Buffy Sainte-Marie's departure from Vanguard Records.The compilation runs through the native theme in Sainte-Marie's writing seen clearly in such songs as Now That the Buffalo's Gone He's an Indian Cowboy in the Rodeo Soldier Blue My Country 'Tis of Thy People You're Dying and the title tune.
 Dirty Vegas is the self-titled debut album by British house music trio Dirty Vegas released in the United States on 4 June 2002 (see 2002 in music).The album achieved considerable success in the United States. It debuted in the Top 10 of the Billboard 200 album sales chart (#7). It would spend 19 weeks on the chart and go Gold.
 Extraction from Mortality is the first album by the Christian thrash metal band Believer. In 2010 HM Magazine ranked it #33 on the Top 100 Christian metal albums of all time list.
 Miles from Our Home is an album by Canadian rock band Cowboy Junkies which was released in 1998. It was their second and final album for Geffen Records. Like all of their albums after 1988's The Trinity Session it was only a modest success internationally.
 Live at the Opry is a live album by American country music artist Patsy Cline. The album was released April 4 1988 on MCA Records and was produced by The Country Music Foundation. The album consists of transcript recordings from several appearances Cline made on the Grand Ole Opry between 1956 and 1962.
 Végétal is the second studio album by singer-songwriter Émilie Simon. Overall it is her third album the soundtrack to the French version of March of the Penguins included. The album has a floral theme running through it. All the lyrics relate to plants and there are also sounds taken from actual plants.
 Lost Memory (Chinese: 失憶) is a studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded in 1994.
 Raivo is the second EP by Finnish rock band CMX. It is seen as their heaviest most aggressive hardcore recording. One song Hiki made it to their 1997 compilation album Cloaca Maxima. The Raivo EP along with Johannes Kastaja is included on the 2002 re-release Kolmikärki Gold.
 Nate Dogg is the third and final studio album by G-Funk singer Nate Dogg. The album was released as a bootlegged album on February 25 2003. It was released as his first posthumous album on CD on February 25 2014.
 Power of the Hunter is the second album by heavy metal band Tank released in 1982. The album was produced by Nigel Gray better known for his work with The Police. Crazy Horses is a cover of the 1972 hit by The Osmonds.
 Four the Record is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Miranda Lambert released on November 1 2011 through RCA Records Nashville. The album's first single Baggage Claim became Lambert's highest debuting single at number 33 on Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart.A deluxe edition of the album was also released which included a bonus song and a DVD.
 Old School Junkies is the first studio album by American DJ Armand Van Helden in 1996.
 Live Disorder is the first EP by Thrash metal band Criminal. It was released on the BMG label in 1996.
 Love Piece is Ai Otsuka's fourth album.
 Return to Metalopolis is the first studio album by former Megadeth guitarist Chris Poland released in 1990 through Enigma Records (United States) and Pony Canyon (Japan); a remastered edition containing two bonus tracks was reissued through Lion Music in 2002.
 Wisdom of Uncertainty is the eleventh album by American jazz saxophonist David S. Ware which was recorded in 1996 and became the first release on the AUM Fidelity label.
 Mortal Mind Creation is the third full-length album by the Finnish power metal band Celesty. It was released on October 23 2006 via Dockyard 1.
 Gulf Between Us is an EP by Muslimgauze.
 The Speakeasy is the third studio album released by American punk rock band Smoke or Fire. It was released on November 9 2010 on Fat Wreck Chords the band's third full-length album released on the label.
 Interview with a Madman is an album from infamous Australian criminal Mark Brandon Chopper Read. Read's foray into hip hop features gritty tales of organised crime jail time and ear removal. He's supported by beats and guest appearances from Necro (NYC) Lotek from the UK Justice Phrase Lazy Grey Dazastah and various other hip-hop artists.
 Connecting Spirits is an album by American jazz saxophonist Joseph Jarman and pianist Marilyn Crispell which was recorded live in 1996 and released on the Music & Arts label.
 Filmworks IX: Trembling Before G-d is the ninth album of film scores by John Zorn. The album was released on Zorn's label Tzadik Records in 2000 and features the music that Zorn wrote and recorded for the documentary Trembling Before G-d which was directed by Sandi Simcha Dubowski.
 Now That's What I Call Music! 7 or NOW 7 was released on 2001. Modeled after the highly successful Now That's What I Call Music! series in the United Kingdom which compiles a number of songs that are popular around the time of its release this album is the seventh edition of the Now! series in the South Asia.
 The Uprising is the sixth studio album by British rap group Foreign Beggars. It was released on 1 October 2012 through mau5trap. Most of the mixing was done by Wez Clarke.The group completed their nine-date headline Uprising Tour in 2013 off the back of the album release supported by True Tiger and ƱZ. The original dates were from 9 to 19 October 2012 but the tour was postponed due to unforeseen reasons.A remix of Crep Hype by MRK1 was released as a free download on 22 December 2012.
 Linda is the début album by Australian singer Linda George.
 I'm in Love is the fourth album released by R&B singer Evelyn King on the RCA label in 1981. It was produced by Morrie Brown Willie Lester Rodney Brown Kashif and Lawrence Jones.
 Hybrid is a split EP by the Italian and American pop punk bands Melody Fall and Better Luck Next Time. It was released on May 17 2008 in Japan only by InYa Face Records. A limited run of 600 copies was put out in the United States by World Records on November 11 2008.
 Partly Plugged is an album by the American southern rock band Atlanta Rhythm Section released in 1997. (See 1997 in music).
 The Souther-Hillman-Furay Band is the debut album by The Souther-Hillman-Furay Band released in 1974. It peaked at number 11 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Anti EP is an EP by the electronic music group Autechre released by Warp Records in 1994. It is the only Autechre release — EP or otherwise — to have an explicit purpose for release.
 Sing but Keep Going is the first full-length record put out by Sherwood. It was released May 31 2005. Pre-orders included autographed material by the band members. Dan Koch was the principal songwriter for the album.
 Efecto Dominó is an album by Chetes released on April 15 2008. The album received a Latin Grammy Award for Best Rock Solo Vocal Album.
 Vanity/Nemesis is a 1990 album by Celtic Frost. It can be seen as a return-to-form compared to the band's previous album Cold Lake. The album also includes a cover of David Bowie's 1977 hit Heroes. Unlike their first 3 albums before the Cold Lake era; this album shows the band heading in a thrash metal direction instead of the black metal sound of the first 2 albums or the avant-garde metal of Into the Pandemonium.
 FabricLive.49 is a 2009 album by Buraka Som Sistema. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Mojo Tour 2010 is a live album released by Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers. It was released exclusively through Tom Petty's official website on December 14 2010 as a free download to anyone who purchased a ticket for his 2010 summer tour.
 Antidisestablishmetabolism is the first album released by the hip hop group Heiruspecs. It was released in 2000 under Interlock records. Some tracks were recorded live.
 All Day Long is a jazz album by guitarist Kenny Burrell although it is nominally credited to the Prestige All Stars. It was released in 1957 under Prestige label as PRLP 7081. It's characterized by fast pieces and also was one of the first albums in which Burrell was presented as a leader. All the pieces were composed by the members of the band.
 Whiteboys is the soundtrack to the 1999 film Whiteboyz also spelt as Whiteboys. It was released on July 20 1999 through TVT Records and consisted entirely of hip hop. The soundtrack peaked at 145 on the Billboard 200 and 50 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and spawned one charting single Come Get It which made it to 73 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
 Hysterics is the second studio album released by British post-punk band The Nightingales. It was released in 1983 through the Red Flame record label and was distributed by Pinnacle. In 2004 it was re-released by the Cherry Red record label. The album spent several weeks in the top 20 in the UK Indie Chart.James Robert decribed the album as sharper than their debut.
 Maailma on tehty meitä varten is the fourth studio album of the Finnish pop rock band Haloo Helsinki!. It was released on 8 February 2013 by Ratas Music Group. In its first week of release the album debuted at number two on the Finnish Albums Chart and peaked at number one in its 26th week. With a 62nd week in April 2014 the album became the tenth-longest-charting album of all time in the country.
 Home: A Live Concert Recording with the Atlanta Symphony Youth Orchestra is a live album by Atlanta-based American alternative rock band Collective Soul. The performance is from two live Atlanta concerts with the Atlanta Symphony Youth Orchestra. The album peaked at #183 on the Billboard 200.
 Rebore vol. 3 is the third remix album of material by experimental noise rock band Boredoms. It is the third of four in the Rebore series and is a DJ remix by DJ Krush that contains samples from Boredoms' entire discography to that point.
 In a Perfect World is a 1994 studio album by the Aquarium Rescue Unit.
 Cruising with Ruben & the Jets is the fourth studio album by the Mothers of Invention. Released on December 2 1968 on Bizarre and Verve Records with distribution by MGM Records it was subsequently remixed by Frank Zappa and reissued independently.As with the band's previous three albums it is a concept album influenced by 1950s doo wop and rock and roll.
 The Quilt is the fourth album by Gym Class Heroes released by Fueled By Ramen/Decaydance. The album was released on September 9 2008.Half of the album's 14 tracks are produced by Patrick Stump of Fall Out Boy; Cool & Dre Tricky Stewart and Allstar produced the other half. Featured artists on the record include Busta Rhymes Estelle The-Dream and Daryl Hall of Hall & Oates. Additional background vocals on the album are also provided by Patrick Stump Patty Crash Andre Leon and Lyndsey Ray.
 Nirvana is a Bucky Pizzarelli studio album of jazz standards. Also on the album is his son the jazz guitarist John Pizzarelli.
 Question the Answers is the fourth album by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones released on October 4 1994 (see 1994 in music).
 The Scarred People is the tenth studio album by Swedish gothic metal band Tiamat. The album was released on November 2 2012 through Napalm Records in digital download CD and limited edition vinyl formats.
 Pickin' on the Grateful Dead: A Tribute is a 1997 tribute album to the Grateful Dead consisting of thirteen of their songs replayed in a bluegrass style. It is a part of the Pickin' On… series.
 Miles of Aisles is a 1974 double live album by Joni Mitchell backed by the L.A. Express recorded on the Court and Spark tour.
 Buick is the seventh studio album by American country music band Sawyer Brown. Released in 1991 on Capitol Records it features the singles One Less Pony Mama's Little Baby Loves Me and The Walk. Although these first two singles reached the lower portions of the Billboard country music charts The Walk peaked at #2 and was reprised on the band's 1992 album The Dirt Road.
 Now: The Hits of Spring 2008 is the 22nd album of the Australian Now! series.
 Live at the Marquee is a live album recorded at London's Marquee Club by progressive metal band Dream Theater. The cover image is inspired by the Sacred Heart of Jesus. It features the exclusive release of Bombay Vindaloo an improvisation-based composition performed live only six times and never recorded in a studio. A Fortune of Lies and The Killing Hand are also performed with James Labrie on vocals as Charlie Dominici had long left the band.
 Jordpuls (Pulse of the Earth) is the seventh full-length album by Swedish folk metal band Vintersorg. As with the previous album Solens Rötter the lyrics are all in Swedish. This is the first of a planned four-album concept series based on the elements.[citation needed]
 Rythm Syndicate is the full-length debut album released by the dance-rock band Rythm Syndicate the group formed by songwriter-producers Carl Sturken and Evan Rogers. It was released in 1991 on Impact a subsidiary of MCA and produced (and mostly written) by Sturken/Rogers. Three singles were released: P.A.S.S.I.O.N. charted on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at number 3 while the opening track Hey Donna peaked just outside the top 10 reaching number 13.
 Bach to the Blues is an album performed by the Ramsey Lewis Trio which was recorded in 1964 and released on the Argo label.
 The Notwist is the self-titled debut album from the German musical group The Notwist. The record presents a side of the band which has subsided considerably during their recent recordings. Early incarnations of the group saw them exploring very broad avenues of punk and metal while they would later veer more toward an abstract electronic and indie feel.
 21 & Up is the debut album by rapper Lil Ru. It was released on August 25 2009 through Def Jam Recordings.The album sold 1456 copies in its first week.
 Replay (Korean: 누난 너무 예뻐; Older Girl Is So Pretty) is the debut EP of South Korean boy group Shinee released on May 22 2008 from their label company SM Entertainment. The EP was debuted at #10 on the Korean music charts and peaked at #8 selling 17957 copies in the first half of 2008. The track Noona Neomu Yeppeo (Replay) were used as the promotional single. The dance for the PV of Replay was choreographed by Rino Nakasone Razalan.
 Sole Agency and Representation is the only album by The Javelins a 1960s band fronted by Ian Gillan which never made recordings until it reunited in 1994 to record an album of rock and roll covers. It was released in September 1994 by RPM Records.It was re-issued in 2000 by Purple Records as Raving with Ian Gillan & The Javelins.
 The Big 10 is the ninth mixtape by American rapper 50 Cent. It was released on December 9 2011 via his community website ThisIs50 as a free download.
 Spanish Riffs is an EP by Sugarsmack released in 1995 through Yesha Records.
 Ghost Town Heart is the debut album of Canadian alt-country/folk singer Lee Mellor produced by Paul Johnston and Lee Mellor. It was officially released in Toronto on August 18 2007 and on September 7 in Montreal. The album has been praised for its lyrics in both the independent and mainstream media.
 Neshamah (Songs from the Jewish Diaspora) (or simply Neshamah) is the title of the first solo recording by American guitarist Tim Sparks on the Tzadik Records label. Neshamah means soul. The arrangements adapt Ashkenazic klezmer Sephardic and Middle Eastern Jewish music for the solo guitar.
 Live Stages is a live album by Vertical Horizon released by Rhythmic Records in early 1997 and later re-released by RCA Records. This album was recorded live at Ziggy's in Winston-Salem North Carolina. It featured mostly songs from the band's second album Running on Ice (and On the Sea from There and Back Again) as well as new material. This was the first Vertical Horizon album to feature Scannell more prominently on electric guitar and also the first to include drummer Ed Toth.
 Nouveau Gloaming is the first full-length album by Norwegian/English black metal band Code. The album was released on June 13 2005 through Spikefarm Records.
 OC Confidential is the fourth album by the American punk rock band the Adolescents. It was released in 2005. This marked the first Adolescents studio album in 17 years following 1988's Balboa Fun*Zone the longest gap to date between two consecutive studio albums. Compared with the previous albums and this was much heavier and punk
 Drowning in the Fountain of Youth is the second album by Australian act Dan Kelly & The Alpha Males. The album received very positive reviews within the Melbourne music scene even being considered the Album of 2006 by Melbourne Street Magazine Inpress. The album features the prominent single Drunk on Election Night which was hand picked by Neil Young to be included in his website based Living With War - Songs of The Times in late 2006.
 No Mythologies to Follow is the debut studio album by Danish recording artist Mø released on 7 March 2014 by Chess Club and RCA Victor. The album received positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic which assigns a normalised rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics the album received an average score of 77 based on 18 reviews which indicates generally favorable reviews.
 I'm a Writer Not a Fighter is Irish-English singer-songwriter Gilbert O'Sullivan's third studio album originally released in September 1973. Union Square Music re-released it April 2012 on Salvo label in part of the Gilbert O'Sullivan - A Singer & His Songs collection.
 C.O.D. (Cash on Delivery) is the debut album of rapper Ray Cash[citation needed]. He mentions a title called in P.A.N. which criticizes bubblegum rap. Cash insinuates that his label (Ghet-O-Vision Ent./Sony Urban Music) before the album's release showed that it doesn't know what to do with him. This can be proven since his two hits Sex Appeal and Bumpin' my Music which were released year apart. The song Bumpin' my Music and album both reflect a hardcore image of hip-hop.
 Life is the second studio album of The Cardigans. It was released worldwide in 1995 and was an international success especially in Japan where it achieved platinum status. Outside of Sweden and Japan (where debut Emmerdale had been released in 1994) the album was released as their first album as a compilation of tracks from both Emmerdale and Life. It was released in the United States under the label Minty Fresh Records.
 A la Izquierda de la Tierra (To The Left of Earth) (1999) is the second album by Mexican ska/rock band Panteón Rococó.
 Somebody Else Not Me is a 1980 album by American folk and blues singer Dave Van Ronk.Somebody Else Not Me continues Van Ronk's return to basic blues folk and jazz accompanying himself on guitar. It was reissued (with a slight change of name) as Someone Else Not Me on CD by Philo in 1999. It was originally to be released in late 1970s as the follow-up to Sunday Street.
 Promises Promises is a 1968 album by Dionne Warwick and her 11th studio album. Like many of her previous albums it was produced by the songwriting team of Burt Bacharach and Hal David. The album includes three songs from the musical Promises Promises for which Bacharach and David wrote the music and which would premiere a month after the album was released: the title song Whoever You Are (I Love You) and Wanting Things.
 Star Trek: Music from the Motion Picture is a soundtrack album for the 2009 film Star Trek composed by Michael Giacchino. The score was recorded in October 2008 since the film was originally scheduled to be released the following December. It was performed by the Hollywood Studio Symphony in conjuncture with Page LA Studio Voices at the Sony Scoring Stage in Culver City California. The score incorporates the Theme from Star Trek by Alexander Courage and Gene Roddenberry.
 Full House is a 1980 album by British pop group The Dooleys. It included the singles Love Patrol Body Language In a Riddle and the UK top ten hit The Chosen Few among its 16 tracks. It was produced by Ben Findon.
 My Better Half is the first and so far only album by T'N'T better known as Tim Rogers and Tex Perkins. Initially meant to be an EP to sell at shows the recording process resulted in a full-length album. Featuring songs written by both Rogers and Perkins as well as tongue-in-cheek covers the album is quite lo-fi in recording reflecting the short amount of time it was recorded in. 'Everybody Hates You When You're Popular' was released as a radio and music video single.Video on YouTube
 Back With A Bong is the third album from New York hardcore punk band Murphy's Law.It was released in 1989 on Profile Records and subsequently re-released on Another Planet Records in 1994 with the previous self-titled album on the same disc.It came three years after the previous album and the band had undergone somewhat of a transformation with Jimmy Gestapo the only remaining member.Alex Morris had been replaced on guitar by Todd Youth – previously of fellow New York hardcore bands Agnostic Front and Warzone and later of Danzig. 
 New Toy (1981) is an album by Lene Lovich first issued in the UK by Stiff Records. It featured her second single New Toy. Containing only six songs it is considered an EP rather than a full album. On the American dance charts the title track peaked at number nineteen and stayed on the chart for six months.
 Télé Télé is the first EP by Canadian hip hop group Radio Radio.
 Teratogenesis is the fifth release and second EP by American technical death metal/thrash metal band Revocation. It was released for free through Scion A/V on 25 September 2012.This EP is the first official release to feature Brett Bamberger their current bassist (formerly of East Of The Wall) since the departure of original member Anthony Buda after the Children of Bodom 15th anniversary tour held during the first months of 2012.
 Bobby is the third studio album (fourth overall) by American singer Bobby Brown released in 1992 on MCA Records. It spawed five singles including Humpin' Around Get Away and Good Enough (Reaching #7 on the Billboard Top 100 in 1992). It was certified 2x Platinum.Remixed House versions of several singles produced by English dance outfit K-Klass were released in the U.K.
 Released is the second studio album by British band Jade Warrior.
 Flashy is the title of the fifth album by Detroit rock band Electric Six.The album was accompanied by a music video for track Formula 409 which appeared online on July 30 2008. A claymation video for the track 'Making Progress' was also released.
 The Jackal soundtrack features music from and inspired by the 1997 remake of the film of the same name. It was released in 1997 on MCA Records.
 The jazz trio album Dedications was recorded by pianist Toshiko Akiyoshi in Los Angeles in July 1976 and was released by Discomate Records in Japan. This recording is not to be confused with the 1977 Inner City Records (USA) release of the same name Dedications which was also released by Discomate in Japan but under the title Dedications II.
 Remains To Be Heard is a 1970 album credited to (The) Aynsley Dunbar Retaliation but with minor participation by Dunbar himself. The group proper had disbanded by then. Former lead vocalist Victor Brox assembled it under management suggestion.
 Wrapped in Red is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Kelly Clarkson released on October 25 2013 by RCA Records. Primarily produced by Greg Kurstin it is her first Christmas-themed release and her first album to be solely released by RCA.
 Live at Tonic 2001 is a double album by Masada featuring two sets recorded live at Tonic during one evening in New York's Lower East Side.
 Tangled is the third studio album by Jane Wiedlin released in 1990 on EMI Records. It was also her third solo album after leaving New Wave group The Go-Go's.
 Pure John Gorka is a best of collection of John Gorka's work selected from the five albums Gorka released on the Windham Hill/High Street label between 1990 and 1996.
 Swimming in Champagne is the debut album of American country music artist Eric Heatherly. It features a cover of Flowers on the Wall originally recorded by The Statler Brothers in 1965. Heatherly's cover was released as the album's lead-off single reaching a peak of #6 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts and #50 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Out of the Air is an album by the Irish uilleann pipes player Davy Spillane that was originally released on Tara Music in 1988. Allmusic awards this album with 4 stars.Following the release of his 'Atlantic Bridge' album Uilleann Piper Davy put together a touring band including Anto Drennan on Guitar James Delaney on keyboards Tony Molloy on bass Paul Moran on drums. While on a UK tour the band recorded a session for BBC Radio One.
 Prairie Home Invasion is a first album released by Jello Biafra with Mojo Nixon in 1994. The title is play on the popular public radio program A Prairie Home Companion. There was also a single released for Will The Fetus Be Aborted? which included an outtake from this album entitled The Lost World and a parody of Billy Ray Cyrus's Achy Breaky Heart entitled Achy Rakey Heart as B-Sides.
 No Matter What's the Cause is the seventh full-length studio album by the German Thrash metal band Holy Moses.
 Sueños (Dreams) is Yolandita Monge's third album with CBS Records (now Sony Music). It includes the hits Sola Siempre Tú La Distancia Acéptame como Soy El Amor and the title track. This release marked a change for a more contemporary pop sound for the singer along with a change of image. The album was released in CD format in 1993 and is currently out of print.
 Languis is the first EP released by Argentine rock band Soda Stereo. It was their sixth record overall and was released in 1989. It featured one new song Mundo de Quimeras recorded in a Latin rock style reminiscent of Carlos Santana (it was the first and last time they tried such an approach to a song.) The album also contained remixes of three songs available on their preceding album.
 Banaroo's World is the debut album from German pop group Banaroo. It was released in July 2005. Singles include Dubi Dam Dam and Space Cowboy.
 Happy Hour is Uncle Kracker's fourth studio album. It was released on September 15 2009 under Atlantic Records. The album includes the single Smile. Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic rated the album two-and-a-half stars out of five saying his attitude gets in his way his party-hearty quips never jibing with his marshmallow music.
 Access All Areas: A Rock & Roll Odyssey is a documentary following rock band Bon Jovi on their successful New Jersey Syndicate Tour between 1988 and 1990. It contains live backstage and candid footage of the band soundtracked with their music.
 Plan B is the eighth album by American rock band Huey Lewis and the News released in 2001 (see 2001 in music).This was the last album to feature founding member/guitarist Chris Hayes who performed on the album but then left after work was completed. Hayes was replaced by Oakland-born guitarist Stef Burns (Alice Cooper Vasco Rossi Pablo Cruise Y&T). It was also the last News album for Ron Stallings who died in 2009.
 FM S.H.E (Chinese: 我的電台; literally My station) is the ninth studio album by Taiwanese Mandopop girl group S.H.E.
 Irv Gotti Presents: The Inc. is a compilation album released in 2002 featuring members of Irv Gotti's label Murder Inc. (now known as The Inc. Records). The album featured the singles Down 4 U which reached #6 on the U.S. Hot 100 and Ain't It Funny (Murder Remix) which made it all the way to #1. The album debuted #3 on the Billboard 200 with 193000 copies sold in the first week and was certified gold by the RIAA the next month with sales of over 500000 copies.
 Ultra Hit Tracks is a mini compilation album released by Australian pop duo Savage Garden. The decision for the album's release was made after the success of Truly Madly Deeply – Ultra Rare Tracks a compilation album issued in Japan in 1998. In 1999 Sony decided to release a similar album this time containing five of the group's biggest hits. The compilation failed to sell more than 3000 copies however a third Japanese compilation album was subsequently issued in 2000.
 Finisterra is a 2000 album by the Spanish folk metal band Mägo de Oz. It narrates the story of Satania a fictional society in the future where life depends on the Internet and computers.
 Atlantis is the first studio album by the Swiss Symphonic metal band Lunatica released in 2001.
 Tchokola is an album by French jazz fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty released in 1991.The rhythm section was recorded on analog tape. All other recording was digitally recorded.
 Negativ(e)land: Live on Tour is a 1997 live album released by SST Records.
 Radioactive (also known as Radioactive: Amazing and Mystifying Chemical Tricks) is the debut studio album by American rapper recording artist Yelawolf released on November 21 2011 through Shady Records and Interscope Records.
 Blue Mode is the third album by American organist Reuben Wilson recorded in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Your Heart's in Good Hands is American singer Al Green's first album after a hiatus from secular music released by RCA Records in 1995. Described as a solid project that approaches the Rev. Green's classic work with Hi Records the album was said to capture much of Al Green's early vocal sound keeping true to his original style but also adding modern elements.
 Resurrection is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Anastacia. The record is her first album of original material in nearly five and a half years and was recorded primarily written during Anastacia's second battle with breast cancer.
 Poisonous Mentality is the second album released by rap group Poison Clan. It was released on April 7 1992 for Luke Records and was produced by JT Money Devastator Mike Fresh McRay and Luther Campbell. The album found mild success peaking at #62 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #20 on the Top Heatseekers. By the time this album was released Debonaire had left the group and was replaced by Uzi and Madball.
 Waiting for Bonaparte is the third studio album by The Men They Couldn't Hang. It was recorded at Woodcray Studios in Berkshire and was released in 1988. It is the first album to feature Ricky McGuire (ex UK Subs) on bass guitar. The album again features songs written about British culture and history. The only single on the album to feature a promotional video was The Colours.
 The Rowan Brothers is the eponymous album by the Country rock duo The Rowan Brothers.
 Trapped in the Game is the second album by the Hard Boyz released on June 27 1995. The album was released through Atlantic Records becoming the Hard Boyz only to be released through a major label and was mostly produced by POR Productions though Organized Noize and Colin Wolfe also produced for the album. Trapped in the Game failed to have any commercial success only making it to 67 on the Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and the group was dropped from the label.
 City Ov Paris is a live CD by Psychic TV. The album is a re-issue of Live In Paris. The album was recorded live at Elysee Monmarte Paris June 8 1986.
 People Like People Like People Like Us is the fifth studio album by the Swedish rock band Backyard Babies released in 2006. It was produced by Nicke Andersson from The Hellacopters. Videos were made for the songs The Mess Age (How Could I Be So Wrong) Dysfunctional Professional and Roads.
 Trebol Clan Es Trebol Clan is the seventh album by Trebol Clan. It was released on August 31 2010.
 The August Engine is the second studio album by the American progressive/heavy metal band Hammers of Misfortune.
 The Velvet Rope is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson released October 7 1997 by Virgin Records. Prior to its debut Jackson had been at the center of a second high-profile bidding war over her recording contract. Following the release of her first greatest hits compilation Design of a Decade 1986/1996 in 1995 her contract with Virgin allotted her the option to leave the label.
 Lonesome Crow is the debut album by the German heavy metal band Scorpions produced by Conny Plank and released in 1972.It is the band's only album with lead guitarist Michael Schenker as a full-time member. He left not long after to join UFO and was replaced by Ulrich Roth on later albums.
 Luminaria is the sixth studio album by Ian Moore and was released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).
 UltraMix 2 is a mixed dance music compilation album from Ultra Records as part of the Ultra. Mix series. It was released on September 22 2009 and mixed by Vic Latino.
 Taste of Heaven was the second studio album by hard rock band Takara released in May 1995 on Long Island Records.Upon its release the album was selling so well that Long Island Records brought Takara to Germany for a promo tour. After one week in Germany they returned home to find that their new album had broken into the Billboard chart for Japan and hit #96! Quite an accomplishment for a non Japanese band.[citation needed]
 Rusted Root is the fourth studio album by Rusted Root released in 1998.
 4 is the fifth album by the Swedish psychedelic rock group Dungen.It was released as a CD on September 24 2008 by Subliminal Sounds (Sweden). The album was released in the US on Kemado Records on September 30 2008.
 The Tropic Rot is the fifth studio album by American experimental hardcore band Poison the Well. The album was released on July 7 2009 through Ferret Music. The album was originally intended to be produced by J. Robbins however due to a family emergency he had to be replaced by Steve Evetts.The Tropic Rot received positive reviews and peaked at number 180 on the Billboard 200.
 Richard the Lion-Hearted - Dick Haymes that is! is an album from Dick Haymes. Released in 1960 arranged & conducted by Ralph Burns.
 Danzig III: How the Gods Kill is the third album by Glenn Danzig's band Danzig and the highest to chart at the time of its release in 1992 on Def American Recordings. It was reissued in 1998 by Def American's successor American Recordings.
 There Must Be a Better World Somewhere is the twenty seventh studio album by B. B. King released in 1981. It was awarded the Grammy Award for Best Ethnic or Traditional Recording the following year.
 DiscO-Zone is the third and final album that was produced and released by the Moldovan band O-Zone. It was first released on June 6 2004 in multiple countries throughout Europe. It features their hit singles Dragostea din tei (Love of the Linden Tree) and Despre Tine (About You). The album was a commercial success in many European countries particularly in Portugal where it was hit number one for eight consecutive weeks and was ranked for 26 weeks in the top 30.
 If My Friends Could See Me Now is the second album by Scottish singer Lena Zavaroni released in 1974 on Philips Records.
 The Lost Tapes: Copenhagen 1979 is an album by Danish punk/metal band Brats. It was recorded in 1979 but wasn't released until 2008.
 Skank MTV ao vivo is the first live album by Skank recorded in Ouro Preto and released in 2001. The album sold 600000 copies.It contains a Spanish version for The Police's Wrapped Around Your Finger and a Portuguese version for Bob Dylan's I Want You.
 Songbook is the second studio album by German musician composer and producer Roger-Pierre Shah.
 The Essential Britney Spears is the fourth greatest hits album of American singer Britney Spears. It was released on August 20 2013 by Jive Records and Legacy Recordings.All the tracks are remastered except for Hot as Ice and Out from Under.[citation needed]
 DJ-Kicks: Claude Young is a DJ mix album mixed by Claude Young. It was released on 3 June 1996 on the Studio !K7 independent record label as part of the DJ-Kicks series.
 Bette of Roses is the eighth studio album by the American singer Bette Midler released on Atlantic Records in 1995. It became Midler's final album for the label twenty-three years after the release of her debut album The Divine Miss M (Midler was transferred to Atlantic's sister label Warner Bros. Records for her next two albums then left the Warner group completely in 2002 when she signed with the Sony-owned Columbia Records).
 Learning Is Impossible is the first studio album by the American punk rock band False Alarm which was released in 1998.
 Canyon is the 2007 album by Jimmy Ibbotson.
 Conducting from the Grave is the third studio album by the American deathcore band Conducting from the Grave. It is their first self-released album since they decided to leave Sumerian Records in 2013 as well as the first one to feature clean vocals.
 Leichenschmaus (ger. funeral feast) is the first studio album by the German techno and electro project of the Munich based DJ and producer Florian Senfter (a.k.a. Zombie Nation and Splank!)] who worked together on his debut album with Emanuel Günther (a.k.a. Mooner). It was released in the beginning of 1999 on DJ Hell's label International DeeJay Gigolo Records.The front cover is a flipped image of the baby that is used on the front cover of Nirvana's Nevermind.(1991)
 Good Times is the first soundtrack album by American pop duo Sonny & Cher released in 1967 by Atlantic/Atco Records in conjunction with the film of the same name.
 Carisma de Alquiler is a covers compilation by concept band Mujeres Encinta. It was released on a limited edition cassette only in Spain in 2001 by [PIAS] Spain . The cassette contained Spanish versions from a wide range of songs by Sparks Eggstone Brian Eno Steve Reich Pierre Henry and a couple of Spanish bands.
 This article describes the fifth album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 5 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 5 is the fifth edition of the Now! series released in the United States.
 Survival of the Fastest is the first album by the thrash metal band Gama Bomb. The album was released on the European music label Witches Brew in 2006 after an initial 2005 self-release.
 Totally Insane is the self-titled fourth album released by rap duo Totally Insane. It was released on September 22 1998 for Felonious Records and was produced by Totally Insane (Mac-10 Ad Kapone) Premiere Music Group (TC Race & Reggie Smith) Scoot Dogg The Enhancer Nick Peace and Drawz. This was the group's first album to not make it on any Billboard charts.
 Some Wilderness was originally released on Kanine Records in April 2004. It has since been made available by Sub Pop.
 Velvet Chain Live at the Temple Bar is the third album by Velvet Chain released in December 2000 under the Freak Records label. It is a live recording of a concert at the Temple Bar in Santa Monica California on August the 4th 2000 with some additional songs recorded in a studio. Also on the CD are videos and pictures of the concert.
 Europe '72 (Live) released in 1997 is a compilation album of live performances by British jazz-rock group If. It features material from their first four LPs that was recorded live on tour and before studio audiences. The extensive liner notes giving an exhaustive background on the band were written by UK music critic Chris Welch.
 Falso Amor (also known as Casas de Carton) is the debut studio album released by Los Bukis in 1975. After signing with Discos Melody in Mexico.
 The Real Thing is a compilation of studio and live acoustic recordings by Midnight Oil and includes a cover version of Russell Morris's classic The Real Thing.
 Stormwatch (1979) is the twelfth studio album by the rock group Jethro Tull. It is considered the last in the trilogy of folk-rock albums by Jethro Tull (although folk music influenced virtually every Tull album). Among other subject-matter the album touches heavily on the problems relating to the environment oil and money.In 2004 a remastered version of Stormwatch was released with four bonus tracks.This is the last Tull album to feature the classic line-up of 1970s.
 Stormcock is the fifth album by English folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper. It was first released in 1971 by Harvest Records and is widely considered to be his best record.
 The Best of LeAnn Rimes is a greatest hits album by American country singer LeAnn Rimes released in 2004 it tweaks the 2003 U.S. release Greatest Hits leaving behind some of the purer country hits that didn't translate outside of the U.S.—notably Al Anderson's Big Deal—and concentrating on her big pop crossover hits including How Do I Live Can't Fight the Moonlight” and her duet with Ronan Keating Last Thing on My Mind.
 Street Horrrsing is the debut album by the English experimental band Fuck Buttons released on 17 March 2008 (2008-03-17). It was produced by Mogwai guitarist John Cummings. Pitchfork named it #20 on their list of the top 50 albums of 2008.The song Bright Tomorrow was the first single and the second was Colours Move.
 The Wessex '82 7 is a split extended play release by UK punk bands The Subhumans The Pagans Organised Chaos and The A-Heads. Each band contributes one track to the record. This was also the first vinyl release on the Subhuman's own label Bluurg Records.
 Only Revolutions is the fifth studio album by Scottish alternative rock band Biffy Clyro released 9 November 2009 on 14th Floor Records. As with its predecessor Puzzle the album was produced by Garth Richardson. Upon release Only Revolutions was a critical and commercial success. The album entered at #8 on the UK Album Chart and was then certified gold by the BPI shortly afterwards.
 Naked City: The Complete Studio Recordings is a five disc box set that contains all of the studio albums released by Naked City during their five-year history. The five discs are accompanied by a book Eight Million Stories: Naked City Ephemera which contains a wealth of photos and art as well as testimonials from all five band members and numerous acquaintances friends fans and contributors such as Mike Patton Yamatsuka Eye Sean Lennon Mick Harris and Eyvind Kang.
 Wow/Grape Jam is the rock band Moby Grape's second album. It was unusual and significantly different from most double album releases. It was released in 1968 as two completely different albums in separate covers but packaged together and sold for the price of a single LP. Grape Jam was originally intended to be a free bonus album to be given away with Wow. Each album was later released as an individual CD with bonus tracks.
 Push the Sky Away is the fifteenth studio album by the Australian alternative rock band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds released on 18 February 2013 on the band's own label Bad Seed Ltd. Recorded at La Fabrique in southern France it is the band's first album not to feature founding member Mick Harvey who departed the band in January 2009 and the first album to feature founding member Barry Adamson since Your Funeral... My Trial (1986).
 Cold Blue Torch is an album by Psychic TV. It is the remix album of some songs from the album Trip Reset.
 The Force Behind the Power is a 1991 album released by Diana Ross on the Motown label. It reached #102 in the USA and #11 in the UK and its first single When You Tell Me That You Love Me became an international hit reaching #1 in the Philippines #2 in the U.K.#4 in The Netherlands #6 in Norway as well as making the Top 40 R&B and Adult Contemporary charts in the United States.In the UK the album was certified platinum for sales in excess of 300000 copies.
 KFC Skin Piles is the first and so far only Extended Play released by Buckethead with the help of Extrakd and Bryan Brain Mantia featuring quotes movie samples (mainly taken from The Texas Chain Saw Massacre) guitar shards and beats. It was made for DJs as a scratch and remix tool which is why the album was never released on CD.
 Not Here to Please You is an EP by British band Hadouken! released in USB form and Digital Download only.The band announced on 1 October 2007 that they would be doing something slightly different for their second mixtape.
 I'm Still Livin is the tenth solo album by Houston rapper Z-Ro which was released on November 7 2006. This album was the 2nd of the 3 Rap-A-Lot albums released while Z-Ro was in prison. The screwed & chopped version of the album was released on November 21 2006. The chopped and screwed version is done by Paul Wall.
 Dance for Me is a remix album by American recording artist Mary J. Blige. Released in the United States on August 13 2002 by MCA Records the album contains remixes from her previously released three albums Share My World (1997) Mary (1999) and No More Drama (2001). Named after Blige's same-titled 2002 single it includes rare dance remixes produced by Al B. Rich Curtis Moore Hex Hector Junior Vasquez and Thunderpuss.
 Experience Gloria Gaynor is the second album from Gloria Gaynor released in 1975 on MGM Records. The album charted in the US Billboard at #64 in the US Pop chart and at #32 in the US R&B chart. The album failed to chart in the UK the single How High The Moon was issued in the UK and peaked at #33. Side one of the album is dance-oriented while side two is R&B/Soul music oriented.
 Ghosts of Princes in Towers is the only studio album by British new wave band Rich Kids. It reached number 51 in the UK album chart.
 Mess of Blues is an album by Jeff Healey. It was released in 2008 less than two months after his death and just three weeks shy of his 42nd birthday. Four of the albums tracks were recorded live in front of audiences two of the live tracks at the Islington Academy in London and the other two live tracks at Jeff Healey's Roadhouse in Toronto. The other six tracks were recorded at Studio 92 in Canada by Norm Barker and Richard Uglow.
 Never Let Go is a live album by the progressive rock band Camel released in 1993. It was recorded in Enschede Holland September 5 1992.
 Land of the Free Home of the Brave (Previously Unreleased Session) is an album worked on by Bob Dylan and Johnny Cash. It was released in 1969 by Nashville Records. In 2010 the song Guess Things Happen That Way became the 10 billionth song downloaded on iTunes.[citation needed]
 Espejos (Mirrors) is the first album by Argentine rock band Ciro y los Persas released in 2010.
 Pop Rocks is a four track EP released by the rock group Head Automatica. The EP features selections from the Head Automatica album entitled Popaganda which was released exclusively for download from the iTunes Music Store on April 6 2006. The EP cover features their handwritten logo by New York artist Ben Knight.
 Funke Funke Wisdom is the fourth album by emcee Kool Moe Dee. The single Rise N Shine was number 1 on Billboards Hot Rap Singles chart.The single Death Blow was an overt dis track directed at LL Cool J with whom Kool Moe Dee had had a rivalry throughout the 1980s. The video featured a satire of Cool J's Mama Said Knock You Out video on YouTube.
 Marvin's Marvelous Mechanical Museum (M.M.M.M.) is Tally Hall's debut studio album. Their previous recordings were all independently produced and distributed demos. All of the tracks on the album are fleshed-out finished versions of their demo tracks with the exception of Haiku which is a completely new song.
 The Winter of Mixed Drinks is the third studio album by Scottish indie rock band Frightened Rabbit released on 1 March 2010 through independent label Fat Cat Records. As with its predecessor the critically acclaimed The Midnight Organ Fight (2008) the album was recorded and produced by Peter Katis.
 Chapter 8 is the 1979 debut album by the Detroit Michigan-based group Chapter 8. It was their only album to include lead vocals from Anita Baker before she went on to solo stardom. The album for the company that was little noticed except for the Baker-led single Ready for Your Love.
 Rockin' the Joint is a live album by Aerosmith which was released on October 25 2005 (see 2005 in music). It was recorded in January 2002 in The Joint at the Hard Rock Hotel in Las Vegas and consists of Aerosmith classics and more recent songs performed live.
 Burn Baby Burn! is the debut album by Satanic Industrial metal band The Electric Hellfire Club. Released in 1993 by Cleopatra Records following Thomas Thorn's departure from My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult the album's lyrical theme ranges from Satanism drugs sex psychedelia the Son of Sam and Charles Manson.
 Sonny Boy Williamson & the Yardbirds is a live album by Chicago blues veteran Sonny Boy Williamson II backed by English blues-rock band The Yardbirds. It was recorded in England at the Crawdaddy Club in Richmond Surrey on December 8 1963.When Williamson visited London with the (September/October) 1963 American Folk Blues Festival tour he attended a Yardbirds concert near the festival. He returned shortly afterwards for a small club tour of England and to record this album.
 Fire Make Thunder is the fourth studio album by American progressive rock band OSI released by Metal Blade Records on March 27 2012 in Europe in North America. As with the previous albums both Jim Matheos and Kevin Moore wrote and recorded alone and sent song ideas back and forth for further elaboration. The album was written and recorded throughout most of 2011.
 Mi Mejor Regalo (Spanish: My Best Present) is the first Christmas album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge. It was released in 1992 and is currently out of print in CD but it is available as a digital download at iTunes.
 Love From London is an album released on March 5 2013 by Robyn Hitchcock on the label Yep Roc Records.
 Moanin' in the Moonlight was the debut album by American blues singer Howlin' Wolf. The album was a compilation of previously issued singles by Chess Records. It was originally released by Chess Records as a mono-format LP record in 1959 (see 1959 in music). The album has been reissued several times including a vinyl reissue in 1969 titled Evil.
 Honky Tonk Angels is a 1993 Columbia Records album historically teaming country legends Dolly Parton Loretta Lynn and Tammy Wynette. Honky Tonk Angels was produced by Parton and Steve Buckingham.
 Love Call is an album by the American jazz saxophonist and composer Ornette Coleman recorded in 1968 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Dynamo (stylised as dynamo) is Japanese electro-rock band Avengers in Sci-Fi's third studio album and first under a major record label. It was released on October 13 2010 as an exclusive download on iTunes simultaneously with their live album Crazy Gonna Spacey with the album's wide release on the 20th.
 Let It Burn is the Debut release for the popular Melbourne band The Vasco Era.
 Back to Reality 2 is a 1999 Reggaeton album by Las Guanábanas.
 Piece of Mind is the fourth studio album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden originally released in 1983 by EMI and by Capitol in the US where it was reissued later by Sanctuary/Columbia Records. It was the first album to feature drummer Nicko McBrain who had recently left the Paris-based band Trust and has been Iron Maiden's drummer ever since.Piece of Mind was a critical and commercial success reaching No.
 Anthology 1969–81 is a 2009 compilation album by British rock band Atomic Rooster.It consists mostly of unlicensed tracks whose copyright is owned by Sanctuary (who purchased the B&C and Dawn catalogues) EMI and Polydor Records.
 Island Angel is the fourth studio album by Altan released in 1993 on the Green Linnet label.
 All Your Life is the first independent cassette from American Christian rock group Resurrection Band released in late 1973.
 Sounding the Seventh Trumpet is the debut studio album by American heavy metal band Avenged Sevenfold released on January 31 2001 by Good Life Recordings and re-released by Hopeless Records on March 19 2002 featuring slightly different cover art. The album was recorded in November 2000 at Westbeach Recorders in California. Although the album only sold 300 copies in its first week of release the album has sold 370000 copies worldwide with 310000 sold in America as of November 2010.
 Pocket City was the first album by Art Porter Jr.. Porter described his album as being one of the earliest forerunners in smooth jazz. It also includes a mix of bebop and R&B.
 Devils & Dust is the thirteenth studio album by American recording artist Bruce Springsteen and his third folk album (after Nebraska and The Ghost of Tom Joad). It was released on April 25 2005 in Europe and on April 26 2005 in the United States. It debuted at number one the US Billboard 200 album chart.
 Rare Cuts and Oddities 1966 is an album of rare live and studio tracks recorded by the Grateful Dead in 1966. It was released on CD by Grateful Dead Records on March 25 2005.Rare Cuts and Oddities 1966 was re-released as a limited-edition two-disc LP in conjunction with Record Store Day on April 20 2013.
 Beautiful Life is the second album by Guy Sebastian. It was released 18 October 2004 on Sony BMG Australia. It was followed by his The Beautiful Life Australian concert tour.
 Deathrash Bound is the 1st full length album released by the Japanese metal band Aion. Released in 1989 it is the band's only official release with Hisayoshi on vocals. Deathrash Bound is also the bands catchphrase appearing on many of their albums DVDs and merchandise. The band even created their own record label entitled Deatrash Bound.
 Rheingold is the thirty-eighth album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 2008 and taking in consideration the previously released multi-disc box sets (Silver Edition Historic Edition Jubilee Edition Contemporary Works I and Contemporary Works II) it could be viewed as Schulze's ninety-ninth album. This is the second Schulze album with guest vocalist Lisa Gerrard. It was recorded at an open-air concert in Loreley Germany.
 Blue Öyster Cult is the eponymous debut album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult released in 16 January 1972 (see 1972 in music). The album featured songs such as Cities on Flame with Rock and Roll Stairway to the Stars and Then Came the Last Days of May all of which the band still plays regularly during its concerts. Despite positive reviews the album failed to chart for some time before finally cracking the Billboard 200 on May 20 1972 peaking at No. 172.
 Roots & Echoes is the fourth full-length studio album by English indie rock band The Coral. It was released on 6 August 2007 and debuted in the UK Albums Chart at No. 8 the lowest entry in that chart for the band (see 2007 in British music). It subsequently dropped out of the top 20 in its second week and had fallen out of the top 50 by its third week in the chart.
 Biggest Hits is an album by country singer Johnny Cash released in 1984.
 The Instrumental Experience is an instrumental album by the RZA leader and producer of the Wu-Tang Clan. It contains a set of his well-known tracks alongside several lesser-known ones from various projects. The album was quietly released in late 2007 on Think Differently Music.
 Forty Foot Echo is the debut album of the Canadian alternative rock band Forty Foot Echo. It was released on May 20 2003 by record label Hollywood Records.
 Jazzhouse is a live album by jazz pianist Bill Evans with Eddie Gomez and Marty Morell recorded at the Jazzhus Montmartre in Copenhagen in 1969 but not released until the 1980s on the Milestone label. The same concert also produced the album You're Gonna Hear From Me.
 If All Ever Ended Here (Greek: Αν Όλα Τέλειωναν Εδώ) is the first official Kore. Ydro. release. It contains 15 tracks written between 1999 and 2002 for the recording of which Kore. Ydro. dedicated almost the whole of 2002 serving faithfully the notion of Do it yourself in production recording in their personal home studio in Pikoulatika Corfu as well as in small concert venues and treatres.
 Primitive World is the debut album by indie rock band Littl'ans.The album was recorded in July 2007 and mastered at Sterling Sound in New York.The album was released in Japan on 2 July 2008 and in the UK on 1 December 2008.
 Hard Candy is the fourth studio album by Counting Crows released in the United Kingdom on June 7 2002 and the following day in the United States.The album features the hidden track Big Yellow Taxi a Joni Mitchell cover. This was one of their biggest radio hits from the album however re-releases of the album were revised to mention the song.
 Glad Christmas Tidings was recorded during the Mormon Tabernacle Choir's 2011 Christmas shows in the LDS Conference Center with special guests David Archuleta and Michael York. The album was released on September 6 2011 along with a concert DVD. The recorded concert was broadcast on PBS during December 2011 to more than 4 million Americans and is the No. 1-rated entertainment program on PBS during the holidays each year according to PBS CEO Paula Kerger.
 Beatlesongs was the name of a 1982 compilation album released by Rhino Records containing novelty songs and parodies of the music of The Beatles. The original cover caused a controversy because the cover featured a caricature of Mark David Chapman the man who murdered group member John Lennon less than two years earlier. Chapman is pictured on the far left of the cover holding the end of the banner.
 Enter by the Twelfth Gate is the first solo album by Symphony X keyboardist Michael Pinnella.
 Ambassador is the title of the first full length album released by the Canadian alternative country band Elliott Brood. It was released in October 2005 on the independent music label Six Shooter Records.
 There It Is is a 1972 studio album by James Brown. His second release for Polydor Records it contained five of his early-70's hits. It reached #10 on the Billboard R&B charts and #60 on the Billboard 200.
 Logghi Barogghi is the fifth album by Scorn released on August 20 1996 through Earache Records.
 This Is Hell Demo was the very first physical release of songs recorded by hardcore punk band This Is Hell. The album was untitled and released on both CD and 7 vinyl formats also in Europe on Broken Glasses Records (distributed by NO PANIC! Records now). All formats are out of print and difficult to find.
 Proof Through the Night is a 1983 album by T-Bone Burnett produced by Jeff Eyrich. Proof Through the Night was not available on CD for many years though some tracks (most of them heavily remixed) appeared on the 20/20 career compilation in May 2006. Rhino Handmade issued a CD version of the album on March 27 2007 which also includes the Trap Door and Beyond The Trap Door EPs. The double CD was issued in a numbered limited edition of 5000.
 Grip It! On That Other Level is the second studio album by the Houston hip hop group Geto Boys (then known as Ghetto Boys) released on March 12 1989 on Rap-A-Lot Records. Following the disappointing results of the group's first album Rap-A-Lot CEO James Prince replaced two of the group members with Scarface (then known as Akshen) and Willie D who joined original members Bushwick Bill and DJ Ready Red. Recording for the album began in 1988 and finished in early 1989.
 Hooverphonic Presents Jackie Cane is the fourth album by the Belgian band Hooverphonic. It is a concept album telling the story of fictional singer Jackie Cane. The singles released from this album are The World Is Mine Sometimes and One.The story revolves around the fictitious character Jackie Cane who leaves her identical twin sister in order to become a professional singer.
 Hush is the third studio album by New York-based shoegazing band Asobi Seksu. It was released on February 17 2009 through their new label Polyvinyl Records. It includes the singles Me & Mary which preceded the album's release in November 2008 Familiar Light in February 2009 Transparence in August 2009 and Layers in December 2009.
 Ove ruke nisu male... 1 (These hands are not small... 1) is the first compilation album by the Serbian alternative rock band Disciplina Kičme released by Tom Tom Music in 2000. The compilation features the material released on the first studio album Sviđa mi se da ti ne bude prijatno and the first EP Ja imam šarene oči as well as live material recorded at the Zagreb Lapidarij in 1982. The second part of the compilation Ove ruke nisu male...
 Sings Country and Western Hits is an album by American country music artist George Jones. It was released in 1962 on the Mercury Records label. This was Jones' last album with Mercury.
 40 chansons d'or is a double-CD by Charles Aznavour released in 1996 on EMI Records.
 Christmas is the fourth studio album and first Christmas album from Christian pop rock singer Rebecca St. James. It was released on October 7 1997 through ForeFront Records. The album was produced by Tedd T.
 Stillborn is the third full length studio album by Florida death metal band Malevolent Creation. It was released in 1993 on Roadrunner Records.
 Al Cielo EP is the second EP by the American heavy metal band Black Tide. It features re-recorded versions of three songs from Post Mortem with Spanish vocals. On the two latter songs the name is changed to Spanish names. Let it Out and Into the sky are titled Dejalo Salir and Al Cielo respectively.
 A Single Woman is an album from 1993 by singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone. It was her last album.
 Fire and Glory is the third studio album by Canadian rapper Kardinal Offishall released November 15 2005 on EMI/Virgin Records exclusively in Canada. Two hit singles were released from the album Everyday (Rudebwoy) and Feel Alright.
 This 1958 album is a compilation of Jo Stafford's greatest hits.
 Icarus is an album by the band The Forms produced by Steve Albini and released on February 4 2003.
 I Say I Say I Say is the sixth studio album from synth pop duo Erasure released in 1994 by Mute Records in the UK and Elektra Records in the U.S. The album was produced by Martyn Ware who was a founding member of veteran synthpop groups The Human League and Heaven 17.Upon its release it became Erasure's fifth consecutive album to hit no.1 in the UK generating three Top 20 singles.
 The Graduate is an album of songs from the soundtrack of Mike Nichols' movie The Graduate featuring many songs from the folk-rock duo Simon & Garfunkel. Released on January 21 1968 the album was produced by Teo Macero.Although the album features two versions of the acclaimed Mrs. Robinson neither is the full version as featured on Bookends. The first is an instrumental while the second is abbreviated tapering off as it does in the film.
 All Else Failed is the debut album by Zao. The album was later re-recorded and released as the identically titled All Else Failed in 2003.This album on Steadfast Records has had 3 pressings in total with different cover art for each pressing:1st press: 1996 (green artwork)2nd press: 1999 (brown artwork)3rd press: 2000 (black artwork)
 Dressed for the Occasion is the second studio album by English hip hop duo The Mitchell Brothers released on 19 November 2007.Production comes mostly from The Beats owner and The Streets frontman Mike Skinner. Guests on the album include Calvin Harris Franz Ferdinand Ghetto and Plan B.
 Steady Diet of Nothing is the second full-length studio album by American post-hardcore band Fugazi released in July 1991. The title is taken from a quote by the late American stand-up comedian Bill Hicks.[citation needed]Although well received and popular at the time of its release Steady Diet is often overlooked by many music journalists when writing about Fugazi's career but remains a favorite among fans of the band.
 Get Used To It is the second album by Rhino Bucket. Released in March 1992 it shows the band continuing to refine the Bon Scott-era AC/DC sound present on their debut album two years prior. The tracks Beat to Death Like a Dog Hey There She's a Screamer Bar Time and Ride With Yourself continue to be performed live today with Ride With Yourself being notable for its appearance in the movie Wayne's World and on the subsequent soundtrack.
 Dream Letter: Live in London 1968 is a live album by Tim Buckley. The album was recorded in Queen Elizabeth Hall London England on October 7 1968 (mistakenly credited as being recorded on July 10 due to a confusion between American and British formatting of dates). Due to a lack of available funds Buckley was unable to tour with regular bass player John Miller and conga player Carter C.C. Collins.
 Invisible Superman (Chinese: 隱形超人 Hanyu Pinyin: Yǐnxíng Chāorén) is Amber Kuo's first Chinese language album.
 Bullfrogs and Butterflies (AKA Bullfrogs and Butterflies: God is My Friend) (1978) is the first album in the Dove Award-winning Christian children's series called Bullfrogs and Butterflies. It is set in Agapeland and is an off-shoot of the Agapeland album. It was produced by Mike Deasy and features Barry McGuire and Candle.
 Project English is the fifth studio album from rapper Juvenile. Two singles Set It Off and Mamma Got Ass peaked high on charts. Project English reached #2 on the Billboard 200 with first week sales of over 213000 copies. Project English was certified Gold by the RIAA. A year after the album was released Juvenile left Cash Money Records claiming financial mismanagement and formed his own label U.T.P. Records.
 Special Forces is an album by Julian Fane released in 2004.
 Nova Solis is rock band Morgan's first album released in 1972.
 Lose Control is the debut album by Silk. The album went to number-one on the R&B Albums chart. Included the hit single Freak Me which peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and was later covered in 1998 by British band Another Level. Lose Control was certified platinum by the RIAA in 1993. The track Happy Days was the title of the song inspired by ABC hit long-running sitcom of the same name.
 NYC Ghosts & Flowers is the eleventh studio album by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth. It was released on May 16 2000 through record label DGC.
 Heroes in the City of Dope is a collaboration album by West Coast hip hop artists Zion I and The Grouch released October 10 2006 on Om Records. The album features production from Zion I's producer Amp Live The Grouch and his fellow Living Legends member Eligh. Guest appearances are provided by Mistah F.A.B. Chali 2na of Jurassic 5 Deuce Eclipse and Esthero. The album's lead single is Hit 'Em b/w Trains & Planes.
 Pylonesque EP was an EP produced and created by Christ. This album had the distinction of being Christ.'s first proper album. Pylonesque EP was released on Benbecula Records.
 Somewhere in the Night is the fourth studio album by American country music band Sawyer Brown. Its title track was a single as were This Missin' You Heart of Mine and Old Photographs. All three singles charted on the Hot Country Singles charts. The title track which is not related to Barry Manilow's hit song was previously recorded by The Oak Ridge Boys on their 1981 album Fancy Free.
 The Soul of Ben Webster is an album by American jazz saxophonist Ben Webster featuring tracks recorded in 1958 for the Verve label.
 Anger is the second album by Sandy Lam released under CBS Records in 1986. This album performed poorly in terms of album sales and chart performance. Despite this Sandy attracted a group of male teenager audiences.
 The Rutland Weekend Songbook sometimes referred to as Rutland Times is a 1976 album by Eric Idle and Neil Innes featuring songs from the BBC comedy series Rutland Weekend Television.It was described by Allmusic's reviewer as really ... as funny as it ought to be. An effortless parody of the last decade or so of British television's most treasured conceits.
 Just Fly is the seventh studio album by American country rock band Pure Prairie League released in 1978 (see 1978 in music).
 My Best Christmas (2005) is an Amy Grant compilation album of her three previous Christmas albums. It was released by YMC Records (Your Music Channel Records). It features two hard-to-find Christmas songs: Merry Christmas Darling a cover of the Carpenters song which was only available on the Target store version of A Christmas to Remember and Child of God which appears on the various-artists compilation album One Silent Night (2000).
 Live Monsters is an EP recorded and released by Jars of Clay. The EP contains songs that were recorded live on their tour in support of their studio album Good Monsters. At first release the only method of purchasing the album was either at one of their concerts or through Jars Of Clay's official store. However Essential has since released the EP for purchase through the iTunes Store and was released to mainstream music stores on September 4 2007.
 Live at the North Sea Jazz Festival is a live album by jazz musician Freddie Hubbard released on the Pablo label which features performances by Hubbard David Schnitter Billy Childs Larry Klein and Sinclair Lott recorded at the North Sea Jazz Festival The Hague the Netherlands on July 12 1980.
 C'mon! is the second album by American country music artist Keith Anderson. The album was released by Columbia Records on August 5 2008. It features the singles Sunday Morning in America and I Still Miss You the latter of which reached the Top 5 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart in August 2008. The third single Somebody Needs A Hug failed to reach top 40 peaking at #46.
 Inside the Mind of Bill Cosby (1972) is an album of stand up comedy by Bill Cosby. It is the fifteenth such album he released but only the fourth on Uni Records (when that label folded the album was distributed by its parent company MCA).
 Push for Coin is the first recorded output of Hot Water Music. The band first recorded the songs with Rob McGregor in 1995. The band self-released a demo tape of these recordings. Later in the year the band re-recorded the demo tracks and released a four song EP on Happy Days Records.The tracks from the EP release can be found on the Never Ender release on No Idea Records. The original demo tracks can be found on the special bonus disc from that album.
 So You Wanna Be A Rock'n'Roll Star is a 1982 greatest hits mini-album by New Zealand band Th' Dudes. It reached No. 27 on the New Zealand music charts. It was lated packaged with the Hello Sailor mini-album Last Chance To Dance and released by Festival Records in 1991.
 The Jakal is the debut studio album by 40 Glocc. This album has since been discontinued but is available for purchase as a download. The album and its singles never charted.
 Souls Alike is the fifteenth album by Bonnie Raitt released in 2005 (see 2005 in music).
 Takin' the Country Back is the seventeenth studio album of country music artist John Anderson. It was released in 1997 under the Mercury Records label. The album produced the singles: Somebody Slap Me which peaked at 22 on Country charts Small Town which peaked at 44 and the title track which peaked at 41.
 Drive Well Sleep Carefully – On the Road with Death Cab for Cutie is a live music DVD from the Seattle-based band Death Cab for Cutie. The DVD was filmed and directed by filmmaker Justin Mitchell during the band's Transatlanticism-tour in spring 2004 with a 16 mm film camera. The film premiered on June 10 2005 at the Seattle International Film Festival and was released on DVD on July 26 2005.
 Gospeed is the second studio album by Swedish singer Vincent Pontare also known as Vincent. It was released on Little Stereo Recordings label in 2011 and distributed by Warner Music Sweden AB as a follow-up to his debut album Lucky Thirteen. It contains 9 tracks with a 1960s and 1970s feel. It is mostly co-written by Vincent and John Engelbert of the band Johnossi.
 No More Apologies is the fifth album from Irish rock band A House. Released in 1996 it was A House's final studio album.
 Swept Away (released September 7 2012 on ECM Records) is an album by jazz musicians Marc Johnson (double bass) and Eliane Elias (piano) together with additional musicians Joey Baron (drums) and Joe Lovano (tenor saxophone).
 Homesick is the third studio album by American metalcore/pop punk band A Day to Remember produced by Chad Gilbert and the band and released in February 2009. It was the band's second album for Victory. The album features material written while the band had been touring which Andrew Wade helped them demo. Recording took place between October and November 2008 at The Wade Studio located in Ocala.
 Start Here is an EP by Marié Digby. It was released on September 11 2007 by Hollywood Records.The EP contains covers of Rihanna's Umbrella and Linkin Park's What I've Done as well as two songs written by Digby. These songs Unfold and Stupid for You would later appear on Digby's debut album Unfold.
 Paradiso is an international album by Christchurch New Zealand soprano Hayley Westenra in collaboration with Italian maestro Ennio Morricone. It was released worldwide beginning 18 April 2011 in New Zealand.Paradiso features new compositions written by Morricone for Westenra as well as Hayley performing some of his best-known film compositions in vocalese.
 Silence the World is the third studio album by the Swedish Post-hardcore band Adept. Released on March 22 2013 via Panic & Action Records.
 Singapur (Singapore) is the fifth album by Estonian rock band Terminaator. It was released in 1998.
 One Lonesome Saddle is a self-released album by Ray Lamontagne. A small number of copies were given away and sold to various people before Ray Lamontagne instructed the albums producer Carl Franklin (no relation to film director and actor) to Bury the recordings.
 Superchip: The Final Silicon Solution? is the eighth and final album by the Edgar Broughton Band. This album saw them on their own record label and also saw them returning to their original moniker Edgar Broughton Band as opposed to The Broughtons as they were called on their previous album Parlez-Vous English?. This album still sees the band with a slightly different sound with prominent use of synthesisers but still retaining their original psychedelic rock roots.
 Luv' Gold is a 1993 greatest hits album by Dutch girl group Luv' which features hit singles like You're the Greatest Lover Trojan Horse Casanova Ooh Yes I Do and some album tracks from the formation's heyday (1977 - 1981). This compilation peaked at #14 in the Netherlands and spent 18 weeks on the album charts. Luv' hadn't scored a hit album for nearly thirteen years.Luv' Gold includes a bonus track Megamix '93 issued as a single which reached the 23rd position on the Dutch Top 40.
 In Flight is the first solo album by singer and producer Linda Perry released in 1996. It was produced by Bill Bottrell (Sheryl Crow Michael Jackson). Perry re-released the album in 2005 on her own record label Custard Records. The re-release contains original videos from the singles Freeway & Fill Me Up.
 Heart ‘n’ Soul is the fifth album by English singer Tina Charles who achieved success as a disco artist in the mid to late 1970s. It reached No. 35 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Pebbles is an extensive series of compilation albums in both LP and CD formats that have been issued on several record labels though mostly by AIP. Together with the companion Highs in the Mid-Sixties series the Pebbles series made available over 800 obscure mostly American Original Punk Rock songs recorded in the mid-1960s — primarily known today as the garage rock and psychedelic rock genres — that were previously known only to a handful of collectors.
 Tyrants of the Rising Sun is a DVD+CD set of Arch Enemy released in Europe on November 24 2008 and in North America on November 25 2008 via Century Media. The DVD contains a live show filmed in Tokyo in early 2008 an in-depth 40 minute road-movie feature and all promotional videos that have been shot for the band's latest studio album Rise of the Tyrant.The DVD is available in the following versions: Deluxe edition DVD+2CDs Standard DVD Standard 2CDs ltd EPs.
 The Essential Richard Marx is a compilation album by Richard Marx released in 2000. It includes songs from his first three albums most of which were hit singles.
 Love Songs – A Collection is a greatest hits album by Olivia Newton-John similar to Love Songs that was released in 1999 the album consists of romantic songs from the singer.
 Un Canto De México (Song of Mexico; also known as 100 Años De Música Mexicana 100 years of Mexican music; and Bellas Artes En Vivo Fine Arts in concert) is the tenth album by Mexican singer Alejandro Fernández. It was recorded during a performance in the concert hall of the Palacio de Bellas Artes. The concert paid tribute to Mexico's greatest singers and songwriters of some of the great Mexican songs of the last century.
 Industrial Silence is the debut album of the Norwegian alternative rock band Madrugada. The best known track of the album is the ballad Vocal.From the album also exist a limited edition including 2 discs and a remastered Deluxe edition of the album was released on 5 July 2010. Disc 2 of the remastered Deluxe edition contains 4 previously unrelased demo recordings and also has tracks from all their early EPs. The remastering was done by Greg Calbi at Sterling Sound in New York.
 Toshiko at Top of the Gate is a live jazz (quintet) album by pianist Toshiko Akiyoshi. It was recorded at the Top of the Gate in New York City in July 1968 and was released by Nippon Columbia and Denon Records.
 God Leaves (And Dies) is the debut EP by Swiss Industrial metal band Apollyon Sun released in 1997 on Mayan Records.God Leaves and The Cane were taken from AS' 1997 Industry Demonstration and were remastered for this release. Written arranged and produced by Apollyon Sun. Recorded at Greenwood Studios Nunningen Switzerland and Artag Studio Zurich Switzerland January 1998.Concrete Satan includes samples from the film Scared Straight! (1980).
 Million-Dollar Haircuts on Ten-Cent Heads is the third solo studio album by German singer Andi Deris of Helloween fame. It is the first to feature his solo band The Bad Bankers.In the album Andi criticizes the financial crisis and the economic system:According to Deris the title of the album means that there are many people whose heads are worth 10 cents but they actually afford million-dollar haircuts.
 Men from Earth is the fourth album by the Country rock/Southern rock band The Ozark Mountain Daredevils. Founding band member Randle Chowning left to go solo after The Car Over The Lake Album and was replaced by Rune Walle in time for Men From Earth. The album includes a pair of standout Larry Lee tunes the romantic You Know Like I Know and the hard-country Homemade Wine.
 Arc Angel is the first studio album by Connecticut-based AOR band Arc Angel.
 Coastal Grooves is the debut album by Dev Hynes as Blood Orange.
 Josephine is Magnolia Electric Co.'s third studio album and the first after Fading Trails in 2006. For the album the band teamed up once again with engineer Steve Albini at his Electrical Audio Studios in Chicago. The record was conceived as a tribute to late Magnolia Electric Co. bass guitarist Evan Farrell. The writing and recording of an album was completed over the course of 2 weeks.
 Dr. Knugelmeister is the debut album by Swedish punk rock band Komplett Arnold. It was recorded in April to May 1991 and was released the same year. The album was remastered in 1998. The no longer available MC edition contained lyrics and fan photos in black and white.
 Master Sajjad Sings Memorable Classics is the debut album from Pakistani singer song writer actor director model musician compare Sajjad Ali. The album was released by EMI-Pakistan in 1979.
 Facing the Animal is the tenth studio album by guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen released on 23 February 1997 through Pony Canyon (Japan) and Mercury Records (United States). Although credited to Malmsteen Air on a Theme is an arrangement of the second movement (Largo) of Antonio Vivaldi's Piccolo Concerto in C Major (RV443) whilst Braveheart contains a riff from Gary Moore's Over the Hills and Far Away.
 OK Go or The Pink EP (officially known as OKGoCD.002) is the second EP released by OK Go in 2001.Hello My Treacherous Friends is a remake of the song A Christian Two Friends and Some Spiders from OK Go's demo tape but originally recorded by Damian Kulash's band Square for their self titled 5 song EP.
 Released in 1980 Stovies is the eighteenth album by The Corries. Recorded at one or more live concerts most of the songs have spoken introductions. As well as two Jacobite folk songs written by the band the release includes a tribute to Rob Roy.
 Horror Vacui is the sixth studio album from the Italian nu metal band Linea 77. It was released on February 8 2008.It is the first work produbed by Universal Music Italia Srl and in which Linea 77 collaborated with the already globally famous producer Toby Wright. The title of the album is linked to cenophobia and the theme of the emptiness of life.
 Let's Start a War or Let's Start a War... (Said Maggie One Day) is the third album by the punk band The Exploited released in 1983 through Pax Records. The title refers to Margaret Thatcher's decision to go to war over the Falkland Islands in 1982 suggesting that she did so almost on a whim. The controversial war was fodder for many protest songs in the punk movement. It was reissued on Captain Oi! Records in 1998 which featured three tracks from their Rival Leaders EP.
 To Hrono Stamatao (Greek: Το Χρόνο Σταματάω; English: I'm Stopping Time) is the tenth studio album by Greek pop-rock singer-songwriter Sakis Rouvas released in December 2003 by Minos EMI in Greece and Cyprus. The album was re-released in May 2004 to contain Rouvas' hit Shake It along with a remix which was Greece's entrant in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 that won third place.
 Phoenix is the fourth studio album by Finnish power metal band Dreamtale.
 Declaration of a Headhunter was the final studio album rap metal group Stuck Mojo released before breaking up in 2000 the same year the record was released. Unlike the previous albums all music and lyrics were written by Rich Ward. This was mainly due to friction that had been brought up between him and lead singer Bonz. Rich noted at the time of Declaration of a Headhunter Bonz and I weren't even speaking to each other anymore. Due to this there is a notable difference in the songs.
 The Rejection is the debut EP by American electropop duo Dangerous Muse released on November 8 2005.
 Captain Morgan's Revenge is the debut album by the Scottish power/folk metal band Alestorm released in 2008 by Napalm Records.Drums were recorded by Migo Wagner a session drummer because Ian Wilson could not travel to Germany for the recordings although he did make minor contributions to the album by recording some additional percussion. Heavy Metal Pirates was re-recorded during the same sessions but left off the album and later released as a digital download and on the Leviathan EP.
 26 Years is the ninth studio album by punk rock band The Lurkers. The CD release of the album by the Street Dogs Record label also come with an additional eight tracks a single release of 'Go Ahead Harry' from 1999 with companying b-side and 6 tracks recorded live from their performance in Newcastle in 2003. The album contains a few re-recordings of old Lurkers tracks including their notable single 'Mass Media Believer'.
 Grinning In Your Face is a folk album by Martin Simpson recorded and released in 1983.Recorded and produced at Ideal Sound Recorders London by Tony Engle. Originally issued by Topic Records in the UK catalogue number 12TS430.It includes a mixture of contemporary and traditional pieces.
 Sound Elixir is the fourteenth studio album by the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth released in June 1983.
 Bon Voyage is the debut studio album and by Swiss singer-songwriter Anna Rossinelli released on December 9 2011 by Universal Music. The album includes the single Joker. The album was produced by Fred Herrmann. The album entered the Swiss Albums Chart at number 10. The song No One was available for free on iTunes preceding the release of the album.
 Green Imagination is a 2004 studio album by The Sunshine Fix. In style often compared with mid-period Beatles and their contemporaries.
 We Want Fun is an unreleased album by American rock musician Andrew W.K. A library of tracks were recorded throughout 1999 and a full length LP was scheduled to be released January 2001 on Bulb Records. These recordings eventually landed in the hands of Island/Def Jam Records which led to Andrew W.K.'s record deal. Subsequently the release on Bulb was canceled. Many of these songs were eventually re-recorded or altered and released on other albums.
 Frenetica is second studio album by German Latin-pop band Marquess. It was released on June 29 2007. It spawned two singles: Vayamos Companeros and You and not Tokio.
 Mambo is the fifth studio album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno released on CBS-Epic in 1991. The duo's two previous studio albums Carne De Melocotón and Bandido had resulted in the release of two remix albums Mix in Spain and The Sugar Mix Album. Mambo was their first studio album on which the influences from contemporary dance music genres like house music R&B and hip hop were fully integrated in the original production; the track Feria even saw the sisters making their debut as rappers.
 What the Night Said is the debut album from Will Stratton. It was recorded the summer after his senior year of high school in a small recording studio in Astoria Queens New York but not released until two years later.
 C-Bo’s Mob Figaz is the debut album by West coast hip hop group Mob Figaz it consists of 15 songs. The album was released on C-Bo's record label West Coast Mafia Records. The album entered the Billboard hip hop chart making it to #63 and spending 5 weeks in the charts and so far is their only album to chart. The album sold over 160000 units. Over time it has reached certified gold status.
 Blood In The Water is an 18 song album by Logan Lynn made up of remixes of songs from Lynn's From Pillar to Post. First released as a four-volume EP collection in 2009 on The Dandy Warhols' Beat the World Records then re-released as a full length record in 2011 on his own label Logan Lynn Music.
 Nestašni dečaci (Wild boys) is the compilation album by the Serbian New Wave band Bulevar released by PGP RTS in 2008. The album released as a part of the PGP RTS Retrologija series consists of the remastered versions of the band second single Nestašni dečaci (Wild boys) and both studio albums Loš i mlad (Bad and young) and Mala noćna panika (A little night panic).
 Magic Never Dies is Power Quest's third studio album. It was released in 2005 worldwide but it wasn't released in Japan until 2006.
 Give Me Your Telephone Number is Boilermaker Jazz Band's eighth album and was released in 2004.
 The Skills Dat Pay da Bills was Positive K's debut album which was released November 3 1992. With I Got a Man making waves on the radio he was doing underground compilation appearances guest spots on other hip-hop artists' albums and worked with emcee Big Daddy Kane on the single (Nightshift) which led to his album. Despite reviews calling the album more than a fluke hit it lacked perseverance on the album charts leading him to become a one-hit wonder.
 Edge of Forever is the tenth studio album from Lynyrd Skynyrd released in 1999.
 See You on the Moon!: Songs for Kids of All Ages is a compilation album released in 2006 on Paper Bag Records. The album features a number of indie rock artists mostly but not exclusively from Canada performing songs written in the style of children's songs.
 Tones for Joan's Bones is the debut album by American jazz pianist Chick Corea. It features four long tracks and was originally released in 1967 on Atlantic Records.
 Metal Gathering Tour Live in Japan 2010 is a Japan-only live video by the all-female tribute band The Iron Maidens. Recorded live during their tour in Japan on January 2010 it was the band's first release with new lead vocalist Kirsten Rosenberg and new guitarist Courtney Cox and also the last to feature guitarist Sara Marsh who was released from the band after this tour.
 The Raven and the Reaping is the first album by the death metal band The Famine. It was released on May 27 2008 on Solid State Records. The song Killing for Sport was written in 10 minutes before being recorded.
 10th Anniversary: Platinum Remixes is a compilation album from R&B singer/rapper K.Maro released in 2006 that included many remakes and remixes of his earlier hits for 10 years and some original materials. There was a limited edition of 50 000 units for this album.
 King of the Delta Blues Singers Vol. II is a compilation album by American blues musician Robert Johnson released in 1970 on Columbia Records. It is considered one of the greatest blues releases ever. In 2003 the album was ranked number 424 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
 Lull is an EP by American alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins released in 1991.
 No Stranger to Danger is the second studio album from California thrash metal band Lääz Rockit. It was released in 1985.
 The Answer: Does Not Exist EP is the second EP by the band The Ottoman Empire. It was released in March 2008. This was the last album by The Ottoman Empire before they changed their name to Luna Mortis.
 On is the third album by indie rock band Imperial Teen. It is the follow-up to their second full-length record What is Not to Love (1998) and was released in the U.S. on April 9 2002 from Merge Records. On March 30 2009 Amazon.com selected it as the 43rd greatest indie rock album of all time.
 Između dva zla is a three-part live album by the Serbian alternative rock band Block Out recorded in 1999 and released in 2001. The first the second and the partially the third part were recorded live at the Belgrade SKC on September 11 1999. The volume 3 of the album was released only on the compact cassette edition of the album.
 Pepper's Ghost is the seventh studio album by the English progressive rock band Arena. It was released in 2005 by Inside Out Music.The album tells the story of five heroes in 19th century London who fight crime and ultimately defeat a demon. They are an exorcist a ninja a scientist who travels through time a count and a cowboy with Indian ways. The story is told in the booklet that accompanies it through a small comic.
 First Album is the debut studio album by The International Playboys released in 2002.
 Glenn Miller Plays Selections From the Film The Glenn Miller Story is a 1954 compilation album by Glenn Miller and his Orchestra. The collection contained songs featured in the 1954 Universal-International film The Glenn Miller Story starring James Stewart and June Allyson.
 Royal Bed Bouncer is the third album by Dutch progressive rock band Kayak released in 1975. Their progressive approach from the first two albums was mixed with a more basic pop/rock sound.[citation needed] Nine of the ten songs were written by Ton Scherpenzeel with Pim Koopman only contributing the instrumental Patricia Anglaia.
 Bleeding the False is the first full length album by the Swedish death metal band Aeon. It was released on September 20 2005.
 Wonderfool is an album by Rock Star: Supernova runner-up Dilana released in 2000 under the alias Dilana Smith. It was relatively successful; three of the five released singles successfully charted in The Netherlands. With the exception of the track Wonderfool the album's sound is lighter than what Dilana showcased on Rock Star: Supernova and her more recent work. The album was re-released in 2006 following Dilana's appearance on Rock Star: Supernova.
 Be Forewarned is the third album by Pentagram. It was released in 1994 by Peaceville Records. It was re-released in 2005 as a digipak CD and in 2010 as a double vinyl LP by Svart Records.
 The Great Depression is the fifth album from post-hardcore band Blindside. It is their first album for DRT Entertainment. The album was largely influenced by a trip to Africa that their lead singer Christian had undertaken. He was very unsettled by his experience and the things he saw influenced the album immensely.[citation needed] The song Yemkela was written about a young African boy he met on his trip.[citation needed] The boy had HIV and had less than two months to live.
 Infamous is the second studio album by American band Motionless in White. The album was produced by Jason Suecof and Tim Sköld and was released on November 13 2012. The album's track-listing was revealed on September 20 2012. The album leaked on October 8 2012 more than one month before its planned release causing a huge discussion among the band's fanbase. Infamous charted at #53 on the Billboard 200 #19 on Top Rock Albums #9 on Top Independent Albums and #5 on Top Hard Rock Albums.
 Damaging Consent was the second full album from The Micronauts released in 2007. It is the first major work released by the group since George Issakidis left the group leaving Christophe Monier as its sole member. It was released as a two-disc edition with the second disc featuring ten remixes as a retrospective.
 A Tribute to the Best Damn Fiddle Player in the World (or My Salute to Bob Wills) is a 1970 (see 1970 in country music) album by Merle Haggard.This album was recorded as a tribute to Merle Haggard's childhood idol Bob Wills. Haggard gathered up six of the remaining members of The Texas Playboys to record this tribute: Johnnie Lee Wills Eldon Shamblin Tiny Moore Joe Holley Johnny Gimble and Alex Brashear.
 Live in the Classic City II is the eighth live album released by the Athens GA based band Widespread Panic. The album was recorded during a three-night run that took place April 1–3 2000 at the The Classic Center in Athens GA. It was released on September 28 2010.
 Flyin' High is the second album by the American Southern rock band Blackfoot released in 1976.
 Chapter One ~Complete Collection~ is a greatest hit album from Beni Arashiro under label Avex Trax. This was her first and also her last greatest hit album she released as Beni Arashiro before she switched to label Universal Music Japan and stage name BENI. The last 3 tracks are new songs which were originally going to be released as a single. However the single was cancelled and listed on this album due to Benis label switch.
 Sails Set Armada is the first EP released by Australian Post-Hardcore band Dream On Dreamer. A 3 track EP released on the 3rd of June 2009 on the label Keep It Real.
 Shiranai Aizu Shiraseru Ko (しらない合図しらせる子 The Child to Tell of the Unknown Sign) is a song by Japanese rock band Ogre You Asshole and the title track of their second Mini Album released independently on November 5 2008.
 The Metre and Waiting for the Sun are two songs released together as a double A-Side single by Powderfinger in support of their fourth studio album Odyssey Number Five. It was released on 27 August 2001 and reached #31 on the Australian music chart. The Metre and Waiting For The Sun both had music videos produced. Waiting for the Sun also featured on Powderfinger's compilation album Fingerprints: The Best of Powderfinger 1994-2000.
 Phantom of the Rapra is the second album by rapper Bushwick Bill.
 Festivál is a 1977 album from Santana. It was their eighth studio album. It peaked number twenty seven in the Billboard 200 chart and number twenty nine in the R&B Albums chart.
 Private Practice was the sixth album by Dr. Feelgood and was released in October 1978. This was commercially rewarding when the album spawned a Top 10 hit single (the only one of their career) in Milk and Alcohol.
 Bangin' on Wax 2... The Saga Continues is the second and last album by the Bloods & Crips. Music videos were made for G's & Locs and Wish You Were Here.
 Blue Odyssey is the fourth album led by saxophonist Houston Person which was recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label.
 Genesis Movie Box 1981–2007 is a box set by Genesis which includes the following DVDs:Three Sides Live (1981) released before on VHS only;The Mama Tour (1984) released before on VHS only; featuring The Making of the Mama Album a home video filmed by Phil Collins during the making of Genesis.Live at Wembley Stadium (1987);The Way We Walk - Live in Concert (1992) bonus disc containing an updated version of a VH1 Behind The Music documentary about Genesis which originally aired in 1999 all containing new 2009 5.1 mixes in DTS and Dolby Digital.The box also has an empty jewel case to hold the discs of When in Rome 2007.
 Histoires Naturelles is Nolwenn Leroy's second album. It was released on 5 December 2005 in France. Most of the songs were written by the French singer Laurent Voulzy and Nolwenn Leroy herself. The title track was written by Yasmin Shah and Arnaud Rosenthaland Mélusine by Yasmin Shah. London Fantasy was co-written by members of English down-tempo band Sundae Club.The album reached #3 on the French charts soon after its release and has achieved platinum status.
 Showgirl is a live album by Australian singer-songwriter Kylie Minogue. It was released along with her first digital single Over the Rainbow. The album includes eight of Minogue's biggest hits live from London in 2005.
 1 Razlog (English: 1 Reason) is the second album by Croatian singer Lana Jurčević.
 For the anime episode see Haruhi Suzumiya.Live Alive is an electric blues album compiled from four live performances by Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble. The performances were recorded on July 16 1985 at the Montreux Jazz Festival; July 17–18 1986 at the Austin Opera House; and July 19 1986 at Dallas Starfest. Much of the album was overdubbed in the studioThe 1985 Montreux performance was much better received than the 1982 visit when some of the crowd booed Vaughan's hard blues sound.
 Marshall's House is the second solo album by the British guitarist John Squire released in 2004 on his own North Country Records label.Each song is inspired by and shares its title with a painting by Edward Hopper.
 Maggie Walters is the first album by the American musician Maggie Walters released in 2005.
 Capitalizing on Roberta Flack's comeback success with the hit duet Tonight I Celebrate My Love K-tel Records released Greatest Hits in 1984. It contained the 1983 duet with Peabo Bryson as well as some of her best-known songs from the 1970s.
 The Live Brain Wedgie/WAD is a recording by Ween. It was released in 1988. The first side of this album features songs from a live show while the second contains studio tracks. A majority of the records pressed are in possession of Dean Ween although some copies were sold at concerts and given away to friends. On June 29 2007 Deaner placed 30 of the 500 original pressings on eBay out of spite and to buy 100 dollar bottles of Red Burgundy and veal cutlets.
 The Evil Empire of Everything is the twelfth studio album by hip hop group Public Enemy released on October 1 2012. The album was released on Enemy Records distributed by Spit Digital and originally was exclusively available on iTunes. The album was released as a CD on November 6 2012 along with the album Most of My Heroes Still Don't Appear On No Stamp which Chuck D described as a fraternal twin to The Evil Empire of Everything.
 Retropolis released in 1996 is the second studio album by the Swedish progressive rock band The Flower Kings (not counting Roine Stolt's 1994 solo album). The album's art is inspired by the film Metropolis.
 Hitman: Codename 47 / Hitman 2: Silent Assassin is an album containing the soundtracks of the first two Hitman video games both composed by Jesper Kyd. The score of the first game Hitman: Codename 47 is entirely electronic. The score of the second game Hitman 2: Silent Assassin was performed by the Budapest Symphony Orchestra and the Hungarian Radio Choir conducted by Béla Drahos. The album features full editions of both scores as well as less known material from early demos.
 Come Taste the Band is the tenth studio album by the English rock band Deep Purple originally released in October 1975. The album was co-produced and engineered by the band and longtime associate Martin Birch. It is the only Deep Purple studio record featuring Tommy Bolin who replaced Ritchie Blackmore on guitar and is also the final of three albums to feature Glenn Hughes on bass and David Coverdale on lead vocals before he later left to form Whitesnake.
 Lovesick Electric is the debut album by Nashville pop rock band Hot Chelle Rae. It was released by Jive Records on the October 23 2009. Two singles were released from the album: I Like to Dance and Bleed. The physical copy included a small sticker that said IL2D.[citation needed]
 A State of Trance 2004 is a trance music compilation album composed of various artists set together by Armin van Buuren as a continuous mix.
 No Baggage is the second solo album from Dolores O'Riordan. It was released on 21 August 2009 in Ireland most of the world on 24 August 2009 and on August 25 2009 in North America.
 East Side Story is the fourth studio album by New Wave group Squeeze. The initial concept was for a double-LP with one side produced by Elvis Costello another by Dave Edmunds a third by Nick Lowe and the fourth possibly by Paul McCartney. Ultimately it was largely produced by Costello and Roger Bechirian and released on one disc. However Edmunds did produce the album's opening track and sessions with Lowe yielded Looking For A Love.
 Laut gedacht (English: Thinking Aloud) is the second studio album by German rock band Silbermond released on April 21 2006. Primarily produced by Ingo Politz and Bernd Wendlandt the album peaked at #1 on the German and Austrian albums chart and at #3 in Switzerland. Laut gedacht was released in three different versions: Basic Version Standard Version and Premium Version.
 Deadline for My Memories is the debut solo album by the former lead singer of Electribe 101 Billie Ray Martin. The album was released in Germany on CD in October 1995 and over the same period a vinyl version was released in the United Kingdom. The CD version was released in Australia also in late 1995 with the UK CD version being released January 1996. The United States and Canada CD versions were released in June 1996.
 The Day Dragged On is the first commercial release and first mini-album by Dragon Ash; released in 1997. The song 天使ノロック (Tenshi no Rokku) became a Buzz Clip (a song deemed popular enough to have its video placed on high rotation) on MTV Japan for one week.The hidden track Normal consists of a telephone call which plays a demo of the song Ability → Normal from their upcoming release Public Garden followed by a busy signal indicating that the party on the other line has hung up.
 Evil Power the fourth full album from the band Lair of the Minotaur was announced in February 2010 and released on April 13 2010 under the newly created Grind-House Records an independent record label to replace their last label Southern Lord Records.Just like the band's previous album War Metal Battle Master a music video for the title track was made this time directed by Ryan Oliver of Deathblow Productions.
 Revolution Begins is the third EP released by Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy. It was released on August 31 2007 through Century Media Records. A music video was made for the self-titled song Revolution Begins also containing live and backstage footage from the London concert on August 17 2007. The songs Revolution Begins and Blood on Your Hands are featured on the album Rise of the Tyrant. Walk in the Shadows is a Queensrÿche cover.
 Afrodisiac is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Brandy Norwood released on June 28 2004 by Atlantic Records.
 America's Greatest Hero is the first and only album by Joey Scarbury released by Elektra Records in 1981 on vinyl LP and Cassette; and was reissued on CD by Collectables Records in 2005.This album features the hit theme from the TV series The Greatest American Hero and other songs showcasing his talents.
 Nu-En-Jin is a 2002 album by Christian industrial band Mortal and was recorded by the band after a six year hiatus.
 Anita O'Day Sings the Winners is a 1958 album by Anita O'Day.The concept of this album was to pick the winners from the top Jazz and Orchestral Charts.
 Boom Chicka Boom is the 76th album by American country music singer Johnny Cash released in 1990 (see 1990 in music) on Mercury Records. The title refers to the sound that Cash's backing band the Tennessee Three were said to produce. It includes a cover of Harry Chapin's Cat's in the Cradle and a song written by Elvis Costello for Cash Hidden Shame. Don't Go Near the Water is a re-recorded version and its original was previously recorded for Ragged Old Flag.
 Heartbreaker is a 1982 album by Dionne Warwick her fourth for the Arista label. It was for the most part written by the members of the Bee Gees and produced by Barry Gibb with Karl Richardson and Albhy Galuten; Gibb and Galuten also served as musicians on the album. Heartbreaker is one of the most successful albums of Warwick's career. It is her most successful international album having sold an estimated three million copies worldwide.
 Maquinarama is the fifth studio album released by Skank in 2000. With Maquinarama Skank began to move away from the reggae-tinged party music that had been a staple of the band for the first four albums. The album sold 350000 copies.The song Balada do Amor Inabalável was also put to soundtrack album of famous Brazilian soap opera Lacos de familia (The family ties).
 Ulterior Emotions was an album released by Budweiser as part of their Bud Light Institute advertising campaign. It was originally merely the fake subject of a commercial but after receiving phone calls from customers actually interested in buying the album it was made available for purchase on their website.
 The Players Club: Music From and Inspired by the Motion Picture is the soundtrack to the 1998 film The Players Club. It was released on March 17 1998 through A&M Records and consisted of hip hop and contemporary R&B. The soundtrack was very successful making it to 10 on the Billboard 200 and 2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and was certified platinum on June 23 1998 for over 1 million copies sold.
 Metal is an album released by heavy metal band Manilla Road in 1982.
 Two Angels and a Dream is the debut album by the Californian-based alternative metal/nu metal music group Depswa. The album was released on June 3 2003 via Geffen Records. Album sales were disappointing selling just under 10000 copies in the United States almost three months into its release. Consequently the band's Ozzfest tour support was halted and shortly after the band was dropped by Geffen.
 Outside is the fourth album by alternative country band O'Death.
 Ashes from Hell is a 4-track EP from American death metal band Possessed. The record was released on June 6 2006 purposely (the digits of this date being 06/06/06) by Boneless Records. It is an official 7 vinyl that has rare mixes and live performances.
 Djin Djin is the eighth studio album by Beninese singer Angélique Kidjo released on April 27 2007 (see 2007 in music) on Razor & Tie. It won Best Contemporary World Music Album at the 2008 Grammy Awards.
 Darkness Come Alive is the second album from Boston Massachusetts-based metal band Doomriders. It was released September 29 2009 on the record label Deathwish Inc. The album is available as a CD as a 12 vinyl LP and via download.
 Omnivium is the third studio album released by German death metal band Obscura and the second album of Obscura's four album concept. The album was recorded at Woodshed Studio in southern Germany with engineer Victor Bullok (also known as V.Santura).
 The Whispering Wall is a 2004 album by The Legendary Pink Dots.
 Keep the Faith is the fifth studio album by American rock band Bon Jovi. Released on November 3 1992 through Mercury Records. It was also Bon Jovi's first album since 1986's Slippery When Wet not to be produced by Bruce Fairbairn. The album was produced by Bob Rock and was recorded at the Little Mountain Sound Studios in Vancouver Canada. Keep the Faith represents the beginning of a new chapter in the history of Bon Jovi marking a change of both the band's image and sound.
 Buono!2 (read as Buono! Buono!) is the second album from the J-pop idol group Buono!. The album was released on February 11 2009 under the Pony Canyon label in a regular version and a limited edition version. The regular edition (catalog number PCCA-02840) comes with a Buono! photocard while the limited edition (PCCA-02839) includes a different photocard and a DVD.
 Belafonte...Live! is a live double album by Harry Belafonte released in 1972.
 Stay Awhile is a 1998 album by jazz musician Steve Cole which is his first studio album. It features two number one hits in When I Think of You and Say It Again and the number five hit Where The Night Begins. Because of this album Cole also won the Prism Award for Best New Artist at the 2000 Oasis Smooth Jazz Awards. The album also peaked at number 13 on Billboard's Top Contemporary Jazz Albums list.
 Tons of Friends is the debut album by Italian electronic duo Crookers. It was released on March 8 2010 on Southern Fried Records. Many of the songs feature collaborations including Kid Cudi Soulwax Kelis will.i.am Róisín Murphy Miike Snow and many more.The song Royal T featuring Róisín Murphy was featured on Season 7 of So You Think You Can Dance.
 Star is the debut album by the American band Belly. It was released in 1993 and was an unexpected success going gold in the USA. The single Feed the Tree became a #1 Modern Rock hit and the album was nominated for two Grammy Awards. Slow Dog peaked at #17 on the Modern Rock chart in the summer of 1993 while Gepetto peaked at #8 in the late fall/winter of 1993.[citation needed]The album and group received two 1994 Grammy Nomination's for Best Alternative Album and Best New Artist.
 Somebody in the Snow is the nineteenth album by Jandek and his only release of 1990. Released as Corwood #0757 the album is a curious mixture of more blues-lounge band tracks with female vocals some acoustic and drums tracks and a few of the strangest songs to ever find home on a Jandek album.[citation needed]
 No Mercy is the third album by the American rap group Da Youngsta's.The album peaked at number 45 on the Top R&B/Hip hop albums.
 Folklore is the 4th studio album by 16 Horsepower released in 2002.As hinted to by its name most of the material on the album is drawn from traditional folk music. Only four of the songs (Hutterite Mile Blessed Persistence Beyond the Pale and Flutter) on the album are original 16 Horsepower compositions.
 Myth of the Love Electrique is an album by the Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released in 2006 by Riot Season. This is the first album to feature Kitagawa Hao on vocals.
 Commonwealth Games: Melbourne 2006 Closing Ceremony features the official music from the 2006 Commonwealth Games closing ceremony on 26 March 2006.
 Kill the Crown is the third full-length album by American deathcore band Salt the Wound. The album was released on March 15 2011 through Rotten Records.
 Sentimento is the ninth studio album released by Andrea Bocelli. It was recorded on September 30 2002 – October 7 2002 and released on November 5 2002.The album was conducted by Lorin Maazel with London Symphony Orchestra and Bocelli received two 2003 Classical BRIT Awards for Best selling classical album and Album of the year for Sentimento in 2003.
 Tha Carter II is the fifth studio album by American rapper Lil Wayne released on December 6 2005 by Cash Money Young Money and Universal. The album serves as a sequel to his fourth album Tha Carter (2004). Its music incorporates southern hip hop styles.
 Juice TV: The Music Volume 01 is a New Zealand compilation album released in 2002 as part of a Juice TV album series.
 Caught from Behind: Live in England France Germany and Switzerland is a collection of various live concerts by Play Dead recorded from October 1984 to September 1985. The song Last Degree is misspelled as Last Dance on the track list. This album is not available on CD.Break and Last Degree were recorded live at the University of London England on 22 February 1985. Solace and Shine were recorded live at the Le Saint Paris France on 10 December 1984.
 Degenerate is the third studio album by British death metal band Trigger the Bloodshed released on 24 May 2010. It is the band's first album to feature Dan Wilding on drums; it was produced by Trigger the Bloodshed with Mark Daghorn mixed and mastered by Jacob Hansen.
 Triptych (1999) is The Tea Party's fifth album. It has the trio blending the major influences found on their previous albums: the earthy rock of Splendor Solis the world music inspired arrangements of The Edges of Twilight and the industrial edge of Transmission.Triptych showed a band with a new confidence in songwriting.
 Starting Now is the debut album of American country music artist Chuck Wicks. It was released on January 22 2008. The album debuted at number 24 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart selling about 20000 copies in its first week. Wicks co-wrote all but one of the songs.Stealing Cinderella which was released as the album's lead-off single on in September 2007 was a Top 5 hit on the Hot Country Songs charts. The album produced two more Top 40 hits with All I Ever Wanted and Man of the House.
 Supreme Misanthropy is the first full length album by Swedish Black Metal band Blodsrit. The album was the first of the Blodsrit band and featured more death metal type music but due to the vocals it was and still is today by many of its fans called black metal.
 Captiva is the third studio album from Christian rock band Falling Up released on October 2 2007. The band recorded the album with Seattle producer Aaron Sprinkle who also handled the production duties for the band's debut Crashings.
 Clicks & Cuts Vol. 2 is the second volume in the Clicks & Cuts Series released by Mille Plateaux in 2001. The triple album was released as an attempt to investigate and define the glitch music aesthetic in its early 2000s popularity.
 Journey to the End of the Knife is the fourth studio album by the noise rock band The Heroine Sheiks.
 Rehab is the eleventh studio album released from the heavy metal band Quiet Riot in 2006. It is their first studio release since 2001's Guilty Pleasures. This is the last Quiet Riot recording to feature lead singer Kevin DuBrow before his death in November 2007 and the last by the band until they reformed in 2010.The album has received mixed reviews from fans.
 Prosperous and Qualified is the second album by free jazz ensemble Universal Congress Of released in 1988 through SST.
 New Moon Shine is singer-songwriter James Taylor's thirteenth album being certified platinum.
 Better Than the Rest is the third album (mini-album) of songs by George Thorogood & The Destroyers recorded in 1974 and released in 1979. At the time the songs were recorded Thorogood was an unknown artist who was not signed to a record label. In 1979 after Thorogood had released his first two official albums on Rounder Records Better Than The Rest was released by MCA. In 1986 the songs from this album were released on compact disc with the title Nadine using a different track order.
 Nothing New for Trash Like You is an album from the ska-punk band Against All Authority. The album was first released in 2001 on Sub City Records. Songs 12-17 were previously included on Destroy What Destroys You and other tracks were lifted off various split albums.
 Revenge is the 16th studio album by American rock band Kiss released on May 19 1992. It was the band's first album after the death of long-time drummer Eric Carr in November 1991. Carr was replaced by Eric Singer. It was Kiss' first album since the 1979 Dynasty to reach Top 10 in United States. The album was a success over the world reaching the Top 20 in seven other countries.
 Time Is of the Essence Is Beyond Time is the third album by free jazz collective quartet Other Dimensions In Music composed of trumpeter Roy Campbell multi-instrumentalist Daniel Carter bassist William Parker and drummer Rashid Bakr. For this special quintet recorded live in 1997 and released on the AUM Fidelity label they are joined by pianist Matthew Shipp.
 Giro Apo T' Oneiro (Greek: Γύρω Από Τ' Όνειρο; English: Around the dream) is the fourth Greek-language studio album and sixth studio album overall by Greek singer Elena Paparizou released on 29 March 2010 in Greece and Cyprus by Sony Music Greece. The album which was certified platinum in Greece for 12 thousand shipments was released in both standard and deluxe editions with the deluxe edition featuring a live DVD.
 Holiday Harmony is the fifteenth original studio album by American folk rock duo America released by Rhino Records in 2002. Produced by Andrew Gold it is a Christmas album. The album contains a number of traditional Christmas standards some of which were recorded with distinct parallels to America's hits.
 Ready Ready Set Go is the third CD by the Canadian musical duo Prozzäk although under the name Simon and Milo. This album was released under Hollywood Records on April 30 2002. Only one new track was included Get a Clue a theme song for the same titled TV movie Get a Clue starring Lindsay Lohan. Other tracks were from the two previous albums Hot Show and Saturday People. This was a limited edition CD and also enhanced with 3 bonus videos.
 Phantoms is the only full-length studio album by American alternative rock band Acceptance released through Sony Records on April 26 2005. It was originally released with Extended Copy Protection.In The Sims 2: University on the College Rock Station This Conversation Is Over is featured redone in Simlish. In Too Far is also featured on NFL Street 2 and MLB 2006 with Permanent being in ATV Offroad Fury 3. Different is featured on the soundtrack to the film Stealth.
 Waiting for an Echo is the seventh album by Solas released in 2005 on the Shanachie Records label.
 Uncle Luke is the fifth album released by Luther Campbell. It was released on May 14 1996 on Luther Campbell Music and was mainly produced by Darren DJ Spin Rudnick and Rod XL with additional production by Frankie Cutlass Ice Cube and Doug E. Fresh.
 iTunes Session is a live extended play by American singer-songwriter Skylar Grey. It was released on October 15 2013 in the United States. Most of the album's tracks are from her second studio album Don't Look Down.
 Embrace the Gutter is the second album by Florida metal band The Autumn Offering. It is the last album to feature original vocalist Dennis Miller and original bassist Sean Robbins. After extensive touring alongside bands Soil and Mushroomhead The Autumn Offering's second full length feature has been said to have sold over 15000 copies in the U.S.
 Live at Freakscene is the second live album by English alternative rock band Hundred Reasons released on September 26 2005 on Secret Records. The album was recorded at The Lemon Grove at Exeter University. An accompanying live DVD of this performance was also issued.The track No Pretending would later feature on the band's subsequent studio album Kill Your Own (2006).
 Cherished is the 14th studio album by American singer-actress Cher released in September 1977 by Warner Bros. Records. This album like several other predecessors was a commercial failure and failed to chart.
 Severgreen is the ninth studio album by Croatian singer Severina. It was released in 2004.
 This World and Body (1996) is the debut album by Marion released on London Records. It reached #10 in the UK albums chart. The album contained the singles Sleep Toys For Boys Let's All Go Together and Time. The vinyl LP also contained a free one-sided 7 single of the debut single Violent Men.
 Welcome to the Blacklist Club (originally titled With a Wink and a Smile) is the debut album by American singer/songwriter Evan Taubenfeld ex-guitarist of Avril Lavigne. The album was expected to be released on September 15 2009 but was rescheduled to a later date. During Taubenfeld's UStream chat on March 28 2010 he confirmed that the album would be released on iTunes worldwide on May 18 2010.
 The Best is a compilation double album of American guitarist Leo Kottke's releases on the Capitol label. The liner notes were written by Dr. Demento.The Rhino box set release Anthology covers the first 15 years of Kottke's career and includes selections from the Takoma Capitol and Chrysalis releases along with extensive liner notes. Capitol later released another compilation package titled The Best of Leo Kottke.
 Live Shots is a live album recorded in London by American country outfit The Joe Ely Band during a 1980 tour supporting The Clash. The tour occurred at a high point in The Clash's popularity just after the release of the album London Calling.The album was first only released in the UK but a US release soon followed due to high demand. The 1993 reissue CD included the tracks from the Texas Special bonus EP that had accompanied the Live Shots LP.
 Coke is the first album by the former Santana and Azteca band member Coke Escovedo. The album was produced by Patrick Gleeson and released in 1975.
 Discoveries is a compilation album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley released on the Savoy label featuring alternate takes of tracks from Adderley's recording debut originally released as Kenny Clarke's Bohemia After Dark (1955) and his first album Presenting Cannonball Adderley (1955) performed by a quintet with Nat Adderley Hank Jones Paul Chambers and Kenny Clarke and a septet with Donald Byrd and Jerome Richardson added and Horace Silver replacing Jones.
 In Dreams is the third album by American heavy metal band After the Burial. It was released on November 23 2010 through Sumerian Records. It is the first After the Burial album to feature music videos which were produced for songs Pendulum and Your Troubles Will Cease and Fortune Will Smile Upon You. This album also features more prominent clean vocals sung by guitarist Trent Hafdahl and guest vocalist Ryan Jimenez.
 Peter Gabriel is the third album by British musician Peter Gabriel released in May 1980. The album contains two of Gabriel's most famous songs the UK Top 10 hit Games Without Frontiers and the political song Biko about the late anti-apartheid activist Steve Biko. The album was remastered along with most of Gabriel's catalogue in 2002.This album is often referred to as Melt owing to its cover photograph by Hipgnosis.
 From the Corner to the Block is the fifth studio album by the New Orleans-based jazz fusion/funk group Galactic. Unlike the group's other albums From the Corner to the Block is a collaboration with various alternative hip hop musicians. It was produced by Count Ben Ellman and Galactic.
 I Was Born to Love You is an album released by Eric Carmen in 2000. It was originally released in Japan as Winter Dreams in 1997. Then-former and now-reunited Raspberries bandmate Wally Bryson sat in on guitar for two of the songs: Every Time I Make Love to You and I Could Really Love You.
 White Moth is the fourth album by Australian multi-instrumentalist Xavier Rudd. Better People was released as the first single taken from the album. White Moth is Rudd's first album with the ANTI- record company. The album peaked at #30 on the Billboard Heatseekers album chart in June.White Moth's success earned an ARIA Music Awards nomination for Best Blues and Roots Album at the 2007 ceremony but lost to John Butler Trio's multi-platinum Grand National.
 Fallout was the debut album released by The Mayfield Four an American rock band. The album spawned two singles: Don't Walk Away and Always. Inner City Blues is a cover of a Marvin Gaye song Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler). This album features a much more soul-influenced sound than their second album Second Skin which moved the band's music into a more hard rock direction. The themes explored on this album touches upon love heartbreak and redemption.
 Ugly is the fifth full-length album by Screaming Females. The record was self produced by the band and engineered by Steve Albini in his studio Electrical Audio. The group embarked on a national tour to support the album on April 7 2012.
 Journals (also known as Complete My Journals) is the second compilation album by Canadian recording artist Justin Bieber released on December 23 2013 by Island Records. A ten-week digital download campaign entitled Music Mondays in which one new song was released every Monday night was held from October 7 2013 to December 9 2013. Journals includes five previously unreleased songs in addition to the ten Music Monday releases.
 Super Hits is a compilation album by American soft rock band Toto. It was released in 2001. The album has been repackaged under different several times as Rosanna in 2004 as Collections in 2006 and as Toto in 2009.
 The Chicago Theme is an album by flautist Hubert Laws recorded at Rudy Van Gelder's Studio in New Jersey in 1974 and released on the CTI label.
 Welcome to the Wrecking Ball! is Grace Slick's 1981 follow-up to her solo album Dreams (1980). Her third solo album it was released before stepping back into her old position in Jefferson Starship. The lyrics of the first track include numerous references to Slick's dislike of rock journalists and critics.
 Gramzivost i pohlepa is the sixth studio album by the Serbian garage rock/punk rock band Partibrejkers released by Hi-Fi Centar in 2002.
 Random Is Resistance is an album by Rotersand released on October 23 2009.
 Celtic Woman: A Christmas Celebration is the second album from the singing group Celtic Woman. The album's main vocalists are the same five women who were first featured on the PBS music special of the same name: Méav Ní Mhaolchatha Órla Fallon Lisa Kelly Chloë Agnew and Máiréad Nesbitt. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA in December 2009 for sales of 500000 and certified Platinum in November 2011 for sales of 1000000. Numbered list item Numbered list item↑ ↑
 Things to Make and Do is the third album from the electronic/dance duo Moloko UK issued by Echo Records in 2000. It was a sonic departure for Moloko featuring tracks less reliant on electronics and more on live musicians.
 Try a Little Love is the second posthumous studio album by American singer-songwriter Sam Cooke.
 Same as It Ever Was is the second album from House of Pain released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).
 Frozen Alive is Obituary's first live DVD. It was recorded August 24 2006 in Warsaw Poland. It has songs from each of their albums through Frozen in Time. It also contains an interview conducted a day before the show.
 Electricity is a 1994 album by New Zealand pianist Peter Jefferies. It was released on the Ajax Records label. The album includes reworkings of previous Peter Jefferies tracks Wined Up and Crossover (from a 1993 7 recorded with Stephen Kilroy) and a cover of Barbara Mannings' Scissors.
 Woody Guthrie's Happy Joyous Hanukkah is the eighth album by New York band the Klezmatics released in 2006. It contains Hanukkah-themed songs of which the lyrics to most were written by American folk singer Woody Guthrie in 1949.
 The Eternal Dance is a compilation album by American R&B group Earth Wind & Fire released on September 8 1992 by Columbia/Legacy.
 The Modern Sounds of the Knitters is the second album by The Knitters released in 2005. The Knitters formed in 1982 as a side project to the band members' primary commitments.
 Hot Jazz is a 1953 EP album by Sarah Vaughan.
 The War Requiem Op. 66 is a large-scale non-liturgical setting of the Requiem Mass composed by Benjamin Britten mostly in 1961 and completed in January 1962. The War Requiem was performed for the consecration of the new Coventry Cathedral which was built after the original fourteenth-century structure was destroyed in a World War II bombing raid. The traditional Latin texts are interspersed in telling juxtaposition with settings of poems by Wilfred Owen written in World War I.
 Easily Slip Into Another World is an album by Henry Threadgill released on the RCA Novus label in 1987. The album and features five of Threadgill's compositions (six on CD) and one by Olu Dara performed by Threadgill with Frank Lacy Rasul Siddik Fred Hopkins Diedre Murray Pheeroan akLaff and Reggie Nicholson with guest vocalist Asha Puthli credited as Aisha Putli added on one track.
 Especially For You (Yasashisa ni Tsutsumarete) was Wink's 2nd album released on June 30 1989 under Polystar label with a catalog number H3OR-10001.
 Story of a Heart is a compilation album by Swedish group Benny Andersson Band released in July 2009.
 The Best of Joe Cocker was a compilation album of hits by Joe Cocker released in 1983 by EMI in Australia. The album spent three weeks at the top of the Australian album charts in 1983.
 Things Fall Apart is the fourth studio album by American hip hop band The Roots released February 23 1999 on Geffen Records. Recording sessions for the album took place at Electric Lady Studios during 1997 to 1999 coinciding with recording for other projects of the Soulquarians collective including D'Angelo's Voodoo (2000) Erykah Badu's Mama's Gun (2000) and Common's Like Water for Chocolate (2000).
 Real to Reel is the fourth studio album by American progressive rock band Starcastle.
 Flockaveli is the debut studio album by American rapper Waka Flocka Flame released on October 5 2010 by 1017 Brick Squad Records Warner Bros. Records and Asylum Records. The album is titled after the Italian political theorist Machiavelli and inspired by Tupac Shakur whose final stage name and pseudonym before his death was Makaveli. It was recorded at Next Level Studios in Houston Nightbird Studios in Los Angeles and S-Line Ent.
 Loud and Clear is the fourth album released by The O.C. Supertones and features Toby Mac on the song What It Comes To. This is also the first album that features guitarist Ethan Luck. Although Luck was not pictured he is listed under additional musicians in the credits. He did not officially join the band until after the album was finished.
 Division is 10 Years's fourth studio album and second major label release which was released May 13 2008. The first single was Beautiful. It has so far sold over 250000 copies in the US.
 A Night in Amsterdam is a CD/DVD live album by American R&B band Chic released in 2006. The album was recorded at Amsterdam's Paradiso on July 17 2005 and features Nile Rodgers and the current formation of the band performing Chic's best known songs as well as tracks from the albums written and produced for Sister Sledge and Diana Ross.The album was re-released as Greatest Hits Live in Concert in 2006.
 Oh! The Grandeur is Andrew Bird's second album with the Bowl of Fire. The first track Candy Shop was recorded as a demo track for the then-upcoming Tim Robbins film Cradle Will Rock (though the song did not appear in the film). Another track of note on this album is Tea & Thorazine which was inspired by Bird's autistic brother's experience with mental institutions. The song mentions a Dr.
 Black Shabbis is an album by Jamie Saft which was released on the Tzadik label in 2009.
 Might! is a 1995 album of Boyd Rice's NON. It was released by Mute Records (UK) on CD and LP. It consists of excerpts from Ragnar Redbear's Might is Right read over noise music.
 Noppriga tights och moonboots is the first full length CD released by the Swedish trallpunk band Räserbajs in 1995. In the last track Kulturfabriken there are 3 hidden tracks called Eva Lonely cowboy and Madelene.
 Twice Upon a Rhyme is an LP record by Paul Levinson with Ed Fox and Peter Rosenthal. It was released in 1972 by HappySad Records on vinyl.Twice Upon a Rhyme was recorded on and off from 1969 to 1971. It includes all original material by Paul Levinson writing solo and with collaborating writers. Levinson is the featured artist with Ed Fox and Peter Rosenthal.
 Gratuitous Sax & Senseless Violins is the sixteenth album by Sparks. It was released in 1994 after an absence from the music industry of 5–6 years.
 Nor the Dahlias: The Dears 1995–1998 is an album by The Dears released in 2001. The album is a compilation of early tracks by the band preceding their debut release End of a Hollywood Bedtime Story.The tracks are strongly reminiscent of singer and songwriter Murray Lightburn's musical influences including The Smiths and Blur and do not display the distinctive style of the band's later albums.
 Acoustic was a promo EP released by English rock band Coldplay in 2000. It consists of four tracks recorded by the band under the Parlophone label.
 25 Years is a compilation album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen released in 1980 by Rebel Records. The 24 tracks capture the first 25 years of the long history of the band with all various incarnations of the Country Gentlemen.
 Ctrl Alt Delete is the debut album from American alternative hip hop producer Free the Robots released on Alpha Pup Records in 2010.
 Murderer's Row is a soundtrack album to the motion picture of the same name by Argentine composer pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin recorded in 1966 and released on the Colgems label. As with The Silencers due to contractual arrangements Dean Martin's image is not on the album cover nor is there any songs sung by him. His version of I'm Not The Marrying Kind that appears in the film is his Reprise album Happiness Is Dean Martin.
 Jesus of Cool is the 1978 solo debut album by British singer-songwriter Nick Lowe who left Brinsley Schwarz in 1974. Produced by Lowe it was released in March 1978 by Radar Records in the UK.
 Veuillez rendre l'âme (à qui elle appartient) is the second album by French rock band Noir Désir released in 1989. The album produced by Ian Broudie brought the group widespread attention thanks to the single Aux sombres héros de l'amer. The album did well both critically and commercially selling 330000 copies.
 Do the Live is a live album by Do as Infinity released in 2003.
 Helpyourselfish is the 5th studio album from Danish rock band D-A-D. It was released on March 1 1995 and is the follow-up album to the highly successful album Riskin' It All. It features a break from most D-A-D-albums with a heavier sound.
 I Take a Lot of Pride In What I Am is a 1969 studio album by Dean Martin arranged by Glen Hardin and Jimmie Haskell.Martin recorded very little in 1969 only devoting two three-hour sessions in the Spring to record this album.I Take a Lot of Pride In What I Am peaked at 90 on the Billboard 200.
 Big Birthday! is The Wiggles 38th album release all about The Wiggles having another Wiggly party by celebrating there 20th birthday. This is also the first and only album you can play favorite Wiggles songs live in concert with Sam Moran.
 Wheels is an EP released by the alternative rock band Cake in 2005. It was exclusively released digitally on the iTunes Store.The cover art and tracks four and five were later re-used for Cake's B-Sides and Rarities album. Tracks one and two come from the album Pressure Chief; track three is from the album Fashion Nugget.
 Platinum Rare is a compilation album from British rock band Sweet. The recordings are primarily from the vaults of guitarist Andy Scott.
 Love Don't Run is the third studio album by American country music artist Steve Holy. It was released on September 13 2011 via Curb Records. The album includes an acoustic version of Holy's 2001 number one single Good Morning Beautiful.If It Gets You Where You Wanna Go was covered by Canadian country music artist Dallas Smith on his debut album Jumped Right In and released as a single in March 2012.
 Flame On is an album released by popular Soca artist Machel Montano from Trinidad and Tobago in 2008. It was first launched at Trinidad's Club Zen on 16 January 2008. The album marks Machel Montano's second release after rebranding to Machel Montano HD in 2007.
 La Pipa de la Paz is the third album from the Colombian band Aterciopelados.
 All In was the fifth studio album by Christian punk/rock band Stellar Kart which the album was released on August 23 2013 by Inpop Records and this was their first album with the label. This album was produced by Seth Mosley. The album has garnered critical acclamation and saw some commercial charting success.
 Golden is the debut album from second-season NZ Idol winner Rosita Vai released in New Zealand on 1 November 2005.
 The Royal Sessions is a studio album by Paul Rodgers of Free and Bad Company fame. Released on 4 February 2014 it consists of ten covers of blues rhythm & blues and soul songs recorded at Royal Studios in Memphis Tennessee with local musicians and produced by Perry A. Margouleff.
 JFC Sucks: The Early Years was Jeffries Fan Club's third album. The album consists of demos and live songs it also has songs which were released on previous albums.
 F*cked Music is a 2000 mail-order album by P.M. Dawn. All tracks are written by Attrell Cordes except Superstition written by Stevie Wonder.
 Vagabonds is the third album from rock band The Classic Crime. The album was released on April 6 2010. The profits from all pre-orders were donated to the earthquake victims of Haiti. Solar Powered Life Cheap Shots Four Chords The Count and Everything And Nothing can be listened to on the band's MySpace page. Solar Powered Life was the first radio single with an adds date to alternative/modern rock radio of March 29 2010
 So Fresh: The Hits of Winter 2004 is a compilation of songs that were popular in Australia in autumn 2004. It was released circa May 2004.
 Saw VI: Original Motion Picture Score is the film score to Saw VI. It was composed by Charlie Clouser.The score has 45 tracks nearly half of which are alternates. Like the scores to fourth and fifth films it was not commercially distributed.
 Live in Tokyo is a live album by guitarist Jimmy Raney which was recorded in Japan in 1976 and released on the Xanadu label.
 World Shut Your Mouth (1984) is the debut album solo album by Julian Cope.
 Solid State Survivor was the second album by Japanese electronic music band Yellow Magic Orchestra released in 1979. Solid State Survivor was never released in the United States but many of the songs from this album were compiled for release in the States as the US pressing of ×∞Multiplies (1980) including the tracks Behind the Mask Rydeen Day Tripper and Technopolis.
 Document #8 is the third studio album by the American screamo band Pg. 99. The album was originally released as a vinyl LP on June 13 2001 through Robotic Empire with various versions also be released through Electric Human Project and Scene Police.
 Beautiful Death Machine is the tenth studio album by Canadian hip-hop group Swollen Members. It was released on March 19 2013.Mad Child Prevail and Rob the Viking have come back with an album that is supposed to be a follow up to their album Dagger Mouth from 2011. Both Lyricists (Mad Child and Prevail) feel that the creativity and energy from Dagger Mouth is overflowing into Beautiful Death Machine.
 Starshipz & Rocketz is the second album released by Alabama duo G-Side. It was released on 18 November 2008 byHuntsville Alabama based label Slow Motion Soundz.
 Kathreftis (Mirror) is an album released by popular Greek singer Chrispa. It was released in Greece in 2007 by Minos EMI.
 Shihad is the third full-length album released by New Zealand band Shihad.Released in New Zealand in September 1996 on the Wildside Records label it is sometimes known as the fish album - a reference to the fish that feature in the album's artwork.The album was dedicated to the memory of the band's manager and friend Gerald Dwyer who had died earlier that year.The album was recorded at York Street Studios Auckland New Zealand and produced & engineered by Malcolm Welsford.
 Black Hand Inn is the eighth studio album by German heavy metal band Running Wild released 24 March 1994 through Noise Records. It is a loose concept album about a resurrected man against a backdrop of piracy foreseeing Armageddon.
 Unsound Methods is the third Recoil studio album released in 1997. It was recorded at Alan Wilder's home studio The Thin Line in Sussex during sessions that lasted from September 1996 to March 1997. The album was produced by Alan Wilder with assistance and coordination by Hepzibah Sessa and additional production and engineering by Steve Lyon.
 This Is Somewhere is the second studio album and the first on a major record label by Grace Potter and the Nocturnals released in August 2007 on Hollywood Records an imprint of the Disney Music Group. The album debuted at #119 on the Billboard Top 200 the week of August 25 2007 and at #1 on the Billboard Heatseekers Chart.The album's title is a reference to Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere by Neil Young.
 Who We Are is an EP by American rock band Flyleaf and released on July 9 2013.Who We Are is the first Flyleaf release to feature new lead vocalist Kristen May. Something Better is the band's first new song with May.
 The Deviants 3 is the third and final album by the UK underground group The Deviants recorded and released in 1969.Lead vocalist Mick Farren regards the album as the beginning of a divergence between himself and his fellow musicians stating I had one idea and the rest of them wanted to be a kind of Led Zeppelin guitar band.
 Zé Ramalho ao vivo is the first (and currently only) live album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho apart from his live recorded performances with other artists. It was released in 2005.
 For the Lonely Lest the Wiser is the first EP but second release from Wauconda Illinois rock outfit Dr Manhattan. Their first release was a 3 song demo that was given out at a Wauconda High School football game in 2005. The demo included the songs Claims Should Echo The Party's Opinion and Minds Like Ours.
 The Longkesh Ramblers was a 1970s Irish folk band from Northern Ireland. They recorded and produced all their material in Dublin.Clanrye Records was a self made record label.
 Church Music is the fifth full-length studio album and ninth overall by David Crowder Band released September 22 2009 through sixstepsrecords. It reached No. 1 on the Billboard Christian albums chart and debuted at No. 11 on the Billboard 200.
 Dream Street Rose is Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot's 14th original album released in 1980 on the Warner Brothers Records label (#3426). The album peaked at #58 on the country chart and at #60 on the pop chart.The album continues in the style of Summertime Dream (1976) and Endless Wire (1978) with a mix of faster-paced country style songs and introspective folk ballads.
 Kiri is a greatest hits album released by New Zealand opera diva Kiri Te Kanawa in 2001. This unique compilation is a comprehensive study of Kiri Te Kanawa's most memorable moments. It features 20 tracks from 4 different labels. Tracks include arias from the Marriage of Figaro Tosca La Traviata and her famous O Mio Babbino Caro. Also included is Let the Bright Seraphim by Handel which Kiri sang at the Royal Wedding of HRH Prince Charles and Diana Princess of Wales in 1981.
 This article describes an album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 12 or Now 12 was released in 1990. The album is the 12th edition of the South African Now! series.
 Aawitin Ko Na Lang is the sixth studio album by Ariel Rivera. The album was released during the Teen pop/Bubblegum pop explosion. His album proved to be successful earning him another #1 album and earned him a Gold album.[citation needed]
 Trains to Taung is the debut album of jazz pianist Paul Hanmer containing a mixture of minimalist jazz and African umbaqanga sounds. Named for the home of Taung Child the album was an immediate hit upon its release in 1997.
 Crazy Nights is a music VHS by American hard rock band Kiss. The VHS features three videos from the album of the same name. It included the music videos for Crazy Crazy Nights Turn on the Night and Reason to Live. It was certified Gold in the US.
 Club de Mandinga is an album recorded by Romanian pop group Mandinga. It was released in May 2012. It is currently not available to certain countries in Europe and around the world.[citation needed]
 Cervantine is A Hawk and a Hacksaw's fifth studio album and the first to be released on the new label L.M. Dupli-cation. The album's sound stands out from previous recordings drawing a stronger influence from Greek Romani music and the mariachi that had surrounded the group in New Mexico.
 Climb Trees is a 12 vinyl by rapper Sage Francis released by the Anticon label in 2002.
 Imparable is the second studio album by Colombian singer-songwriter Naela released on March 18 2014 by My Major Company.
 Rock City vs The Wildhearts is a 2014 live album by The Wildhearts.It was recorded at Nottingham Rock City in 2013 during the band's 20th anniversary tour for debut album Earth vs The Wildhearts.
 Mr. Lonely was Bobby Vinton's tenth studio album released in 1964. It was released right after the success of his fourth and final #1 US hit Mr. Lonely a 1962 song that was released as a single after its appearance on Bobby Vinton's Greatest Hits. Cover versions on this album include Laughing on the Outside (Crying on the Inside) and I'll Never Smile Again.
 Hildegard von Bingen: Celestial Hierarchy is a studio album by German musical group Sequentia. It was released in May 2013 under Deutsche Harmonia Mundi.
 My E.P. is an EP released by Nerf Herder. It was first released in 2001 on Joey Cape's My Records and was re-released in 2003 on Honest Don's Records. The re-release featured four songs not on the original release but dropped the original hidden track.
 Tokyo Tales is the first live album by the German metal band Blind Guardian. It was remastered and re-released on 15 June 2007 with the same Japanese bonus track.
 For You and Me is the seventeenth album by Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1991 on Milan Records. In 2006 SPV re-released the album with one bonus track.
 Change Is a Sound is the debut album by the punk rock band Strike Anywhere released in 2001. The album's lyrics explore such themes as women's rights (Chalkline) and police brutality (Sunset on 32nd Street). Track 3 Refusal is also featured on the soundtrack to the skateboarding video game Tony Hawk's Underground.
 Lake & Flames is the second album by Polish band The Car Is on Fire. It was produced by Leszek Biolik (Republika). It won the Fryderyk for Best Alternative Album of 2006 and was voted the best album of the year by listeners of Polish Radio 3 (as was its first single Can't Cook (Who Cares?)). The album features lots of string/horn arrangements synths and vocal harmonies as opposed to the raw garage style of the group's debut album.
 Among Majestic Ruin is the debut studio album by the American death/doom band Morgion. It was released on January 28 1997 through Relapse Records.
 Extended Versions is a live album by Barenaked Ladies. It was released in 2006 and includes live versions of several of the band's hit songs including One Week Get In Line and Falling for the First Time. It was recorded during the band's 2005 holiday tour.
 Complete Rarities: I.R.S. 1982–1987 is a 2014 compilation album featuring songs released by alternative rock band R.E.M. during their stint on I.R.S. Records.
 Descender is the debut solo album by American singer/songwriter Andrew Wyatt of the indie dance trio Miike Snow. In a departure from his work with his main project and work as a producer Wyatt recorded the album in Prague backed by a 75-piece orchestra with guest appearances by The Libertines' Anthony Rossomando Interpol's former touring bassist Brad Truax and Tortoise's John Herndon.
 This article describes the fourth album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 4 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music 4 or Now 4 was released in 1984. The album is the fourth edition of the (UK) Now! series. It is the only album in the series which failed to reach number one on the UK Albums Chart kept off the top by Hits 1.
 Come Away with ESG is a 1983 album by rock band ESG. It was named the 84th greatest album of the 1980s by Pitchfork Media.
 The Best of Breed is a compilation album released by MC Breed. It peaked at number 66 on Billboard magazine's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart in the U.S.
 The Fruit That Ate Itself is the third EP released by indie rock band Modest Mouse in 1997. The album was recorded at Calvin Johnson's Dub Narcotic Studios. Originally the session was planned to record a 7 release but it soon expanded into an EP. The track Dirty Fingernails also appears on Yoyo A Go Go a compilation album released by Yoyo Records.
 Voices of the W.I. is the debut album by Women's Institute-founded British group The Harmonies released on October 25 2010 by Universal Music. The album is said to be a collection of covers of classics including the Women's Institute theme song Jerusalem as well as two brand new songs. The album's first single Jerusalem is set to be released on December 12 2010.
 Shape of Despair is funeral doom metal band Shape of Despair's self-titled album. It was released on the 10th anniversary of the band's formation (counting the years the band was known as Raven from 1995 to 1998) but not in honor of the occasion. The album features previously unreleased songs and demos of older songs while some of them are under the former moniker Raven as well as the new song Sleeping Murder that had a guess the lyrics competition.
 The Reeveolution EP is an EP by the San Diego California pop rock band Reeve Oliver released in 2003 by Redsand Clothing. It was awarded best rock album at the 2003 San Diego Music Awards.
 Greatest Hits is a greatest hits compilation by Alexander O'Neal released on 23 August 2004. The album contains 15 of his biggest hits to date.
 Drop was the debut album by the Scottish band The Shamen released in 1987 on their own Moksha label.
 I Suck on That Emotion is the second album by Weird War recorded and released under the short-lived name Scene Creamers.Track #11 Here Comes the Judge (Part 2) shares the same name as a The Make-Up song from their 1997 album After Dark of which Svenonius Mae and Minoff were all members.
 Time Slips Away is an album by Champion. It contains their two EPs Count Our Numbers and Come Out Swinging. It was released in 2005 on Bridge 9 Records.
 Dark Requiems... and Unsilent Massacre is the second full-length album by the British symphonic black metal act Hecate Enthroned released in 1998 by Blackend Records.Stylistically this found the band utilizing a slower more ambient feel versus the speed and heaviness heard on their previous album The Slaughter of Innocence. Keyboards and reverbed vocals were put more in the forefront with less emphasis on guitar riffs and fast-paced percussion.
 Love or Perish is the twelfth album from Arthur Loves Plastic and was released in 2005.
 Such Winters of Memory is an album by English saxophonist John Surman recorded in 1982 and released on the ECM label.
 Joe Budden is the eponymous debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Joe Budden released on June 10 2003 under Def Jam Recordings. The album's production was handled primarily by Whiteboyz Noize (Dub B and Jumpshot) along with Just Blaze and Lofey. It also features guest appearances from Lil' Mo Busta Rhymes and 112. Upon the album's release it was met with favorable reviews from music critics.
 Magnum II is the second studio album by British melodic rock band Magnum. It was released in 1979 on Jet Records.Magnum II followed on from the success of Magnum's debut album Kingdom of Madness.
 No Hassle is a concept album by Tosca released under Studio !K7. The cover contains a picture of Manhattan from Brooklyn's sideline.
 Live at Bull Moose EP was recorded live by Regina Spektor at Bull Moose a CD DVD and video game store in Scarborough Maine on June 5 2005. It was distributed exclusively through independent record stores.
 Artistic Vice is an album by singer-songwriter Daniel Johnston. Following a period of inactivity resulting from his renowned SXSW 1990 manic episode Johnston gathered a group of friends to record some songs he had recently written. The result was Johnston's firstfull studio album and his first release with a backing band on every track.
 Soft Bomb is an album by New Zealand group The Chills released in 1992. It was the follow-up to 'Submarine Bells' which had hit number 1 in New Zealand in 1990. Released to good reviews 'Soft Bomb' was followed by a world tour with an enlarged Chills line-up. Unfortunately in the midst of their US tour financial backing and promotion was withdrawn for the album and tour. This line-up of the band disintegrated and Martin Phillipps would take some time to rebuild the band.
 Hours is a 2013 concept album recorded by experimental Christian rock band Falling Up. It is part of the Machine De Ella project which includes a novel also entitled Hours written by lead-singer and producer Jessy Ribordy. The project also includes their album Midnight on Earthship. Hours along with Midnight on Earthship is Falling Up's sixth/seventh studio album. It was released over a period of time having started on October 9 2012 and concluded on February 19 2013.
 À la vie à la mort ! is a 2002 double album recorded by French singer Johnny Hallyday. It was released on November 4 2002 and achieved huge success in France and Belgium (Wallonia) where it topped the charts and in Switzerland. It provided four top ten singles in France : Marie (#1) Ne reviens pas (#8) L'Instinct (#9) and Je n'ai jamais pleuré (#4).
 Exit is the fourth studio album by Finnish grindcore band Rotten Sound.
 Rêves is a posthumous compilation recorded by French singer Grégory Lemarchal. It was released in November 2009 and contains all his previous singles and some cover versions of various artists including Céline Dion and Daniel Balavoine and two unpublished songs the first two tracks of the album (although Olivier Ottin the former manager of the singer had earlier said in an interview with the Nouvel Observateur that the album would be fully composed of unpublished songs).
 C-P-3.com is the fourth studio album by rapper C-Murder. It was released on October 23 2001 through TRU Records and featured production from Carlos Stephens and Donald XL Robertson. C-P-3.com was not as successful as C-Murder's previous three albums only peaking at #45 on the Billboard 200 and #10 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. This was C-Murder's last album to be distributed by Priority Records.
 From Below is the third album by Canadian indie rock band Our Mercury released in 2005 on Smallman Records.
 The Middle Kingdom is an album released in 2000 by Celtic metal band Cruachan.
 Live in Wichita is a live album by Casting Pearls now known as VOTA. It contains three live songs from the band's self-titled album Casting Pearls and two songs from the fall 2008 self-titled album VOTA.
 Buffet Hotel is the twenty sixth studio album by American singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett released on December 8 2009. On October 27 2009 it was officially posted on the Margaritaville homepage as well on the Mailboat Records homepage. It is the follow-up to Take the Weather with You.While making the album Buffett employed techniques from earlier albums such as recording later at night after surfing; this resulted in a more laid-back feel.
 Just Glü It is the debut album by the L.A. punk rock band Glue Gun. It was released in April 1994 (see 1994 in music). At this time the band was known simply as Glü Gun until changing their name to Glue Gun after the release of this album.
 Art of Motion released in 2005 is Andy McKee's third studio album. This album features four tracks from Nocturne McKee's debut CD as well as most of the YouTube tracks such as Drifting For My Father Rylynn and Into the Ocean.
 Sevendust is the self-titled debut album by American alternative metal band Sevendust. The Japan reissue has live versions of Bitch and Prayer as ending bonus tracks. Sevendust appeared on the Billboard 200 remained there for sixteen weeks and peaked at 165 on April 4 1998. The album went gold on May 19 1999 and had by January 2011 sold 732000 copies in the U.S.
 Back On My Buck Shit is a mixtape by rapper Young Buck Hosted by DJ Smallz and DJ Scream. The mixtape features exclusive tracks and freestyles from Young Buck with appearances by All Star Cashville Prince Lil Wayne Yo Gotti and Plies. It was released for digital download on May 26 2009. The mixtape is Vol. 1 of a so far of a three volume release. However instead of DJ Smallz and DJ Scream Vol. 2 & 3 are hosted by Drumma Boy.
 Early Tracks is an EP collection of unreleased early recordings by American country/rock band Old 97's. The EP contains four songs from two early singles as well as four more from the Wreck Your Life recording sessions.
 We Mean Business is the seventh studio album released by rap duo EPMD. It was released on December 9 2008 through EP Records making it the group's first album since 1999's Out of Business.
 Undercurrent is an album by American pianist Kenny Drew recorded in 1960 and released on the Blue Note label. It would be Drew's second and last effort for the label and his last album recorded in the US before his 1961 move to Copenhagen. On the 2007 CD reissue the album is erroneously given the catalogue number 84101 (Royal Flush) instead of its own 84059.
 Links is the second album by folk band Kerfuffle.
 A döntőkben elhangzott dalok is the debut album from Hungarian singer Magdolna Rúzsa. The translated title reads Song Performances In The Finals. This album contains her live performances on the TV show Megasztár. It was certified three times platinum in Hungary with more than 70000 copies sold.
 The Sound of the Trio is a 1961 live album by the Oscar Peterson Trio recorded at the London House jazz club in Chicago.Three other albums were recorded by Peterson and his trio at the London House The Trio Something Warm and Put On a Happy Face. The complete music recorded by the trio at these sessions was released in 1997.
 God Bless the Child is the second and final studio album by West Coast rapper Guerilla Black. It was released on September 18 2007.
 Sweden Rocks is a 2006 live album by the American hard rock guitarist Ted Nugent recorded at the Sweden Rock Festival in 2006. It was also released at the same time as a live DVD. Bassist Barry Sparks would depart Nugent's band shortly after at which time Greg Smith took over.This performance was a rare occasion where Nugent used his white Gibson Byrdland affectionately named the Great White Buffalo for songs other than GWB.
 Nightmarer is the first EP by the band Queens Club. It was released on October 9 2009 on Tooth and Nail Records.
 88 The Winners was a various artists hits collection album released in Australia in 1988 on the WEA record Label. The album spent 4 weeks at the top of the Australian album charts in 1988. It was released on LP with 16 tracks and on CD and cassette with 18 tracks.
 I Love You is the latest album from singer and entertainer Diana Ross. It was released in Europe in late 2006 and in the United States in 2007. As of 2014 this is Diana's most recent studio album release.
 Honor Found in Decay is the tenth studio album from the Oakland California band Neurosis released on October 30 2012 in North America. The album is notable for incorporating elements of folk music while furthering the heaviness that was emphasized on Neurosis' previous album Given to the Rising. Honor Found in Decay was lauded by Sputnikmusic for being as challenging and engrossing a record as they have ever produced and an incredible celebration of the band's legendary career.
 Total is the self-titled debut album from the R&B trio Total. The album reached its peak at #23 on the US Billboard 200 went platinum and spawned the hit singles Can't You See (US #13) No One Else (US #22) Kissin' You (US #12/UK #29) & Do You Think About Us/When Boy Meets Girl (US #61/#50).
 In the Dark With You is an album by folk singer/guitarist Greg Brown released in 1985.
 Golden Hour of Donovan is a compilation album from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in the United Kingdom (Golden Hour Records GH 506) in November 1971 and did not chart.
 Party of One is an album by English singer-songwriter Nick Lowe. Produced by Dave Edmunds it was released in 1990 by Reprise Records and reissued with altered cover art and two bonus tracks in 1995 by Upstart Records.Party of One is notable for being one of only two Nick Lowe solo albums with no covers as it is made up entirely of songs written or co-written by Lowe (the other album is 1982's Nick the Knife).
 Vessels is an album by Ivoryline. It was released on July 27th 2010 through Tooth & Nail Records. Their song The Healing is being put on the Rock Band Music Store.
 Elephants...Teeth Sinking Into Heart is the second full-length album by Rachael Yamagata. It was released on 7 October 2008 via Warner Bros. Records in North America 22 October 2008 in Japan and 2 March 2009 in the UK.
 Transistor Revolt is the eponymous self-released demo EP by the punk rock band Transistor Revolt before changing their name to Rise Against in 2000. It was released on CD format and is no longer in print as all tracks have been re-recorded for Rise Against's debut album The Unraveling and its 2005 Reissue. The EP is the only release which featured original drummer Toni Tintari who left the band in the fall of 2000 before recording for The Unraveling began.
 Prism (aka Prism: The Human Family Songbook) is a two CD concept album by Beth Nielsen Chapman released in 2007.Disk OneGod Is In (Goddess In) + Written by Billy Jonas/Laura Mahr/Chris Chandler/BNC/Annie RoboffMy Religion (Sweet Love) + Written by Atoaji Radellant/BNCPrayers of an Atheist + Written by BNCThat Mystery + Written by BNC & Mark GerminoFor the Beauty of the Earth + Written in 1884 by Folliot Sandford PierpointShine All Your Light + Written by BNC & Kimmie RhodesBe Still My Love + Traditional 1752 Music: Jean Sibelius Lyric: Katherina A. 
 Welcome to the Western Lodge is the third studio album of the American rock band Masters of Reality released in 1999.
 Eyes on Tomorrow is a 1991 album of South African singer Miriam Makeba.
 A Piece of the Action is the third studio album by soul singer Mavis Staples. It is a Curtis Mayfield-penned Mavis Staples-performed soundtrack to the 1977 film of the same name starring Sidney Poitier and Bill Cosby.
 Videoplasty is the third home video by Primus following 1993's Cheesy Home Video and the fan club exclusive Horrible Swill. Videoplasty was released at the end of 1998 to complement the band's recent covers EP Rhinoplasty and is composed mostly of highlights from a live show performed on October 14 that year at The Phoenix Theater in Petaluma California.
 The Legend of Bonnie & Clyde is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard released in 1968.
 Ciao Italia: Live from Italy (credited as Madonna: Ciao Italia! Live from Italy in the video sequence) is a video album by American singer-songwriter Madonna and was released by Warner Reprise Video and Sire Records on May 24 1988. It contained footage from a previous TV special of the Who's That Girl World Tour Madonna in Concerto broadcast in Europe in 1987 filmed at the Stadio Comunale in Turin Italy.
 She Who Dwells in the Secret Place of the Most High Shall Abide Under the Shadow of the Almighty is a 2003 double album by Sinéad O'Connor.It is a two-CD set. The first CD collects several rare tracks O'Connor recorded as B-sides for soundtrack albums or in collaboration with other artists and the second disc contains a live concert.The album's title is a modification of Psalm 91 verse 1. This is the same psalm that gave O'Connor's first album The Lion and the Cobra its name.
 Act Your Age is the second album by the rock band Home Grown released in 1998 by Outpost Recordings. It was the band's only album for a major label. It expanded their popularity and found them moving into a pop punk and pop rock direction musically. The album's most popular track was a new version of Surfer Girl a song which had originally appeared on their debut album That's Business.
 Woody At 100: The Woody Guthrie Centennial Collection is a 150-page large-format book with 3 CDs containing 57 tracks including Woody Guthrie's most important recordings such as the complete version of “This Land Is Your Land” “Pretty Boy Floyd” “I Ain’t Got No Home in This World Anymore” and “Riding in My Car.” The set also contains 21 previously unreleased performances and six never-before-heard original songs including Woody’s first known—and recently discovered—recordings.
 Death of a Dead Day is the second album by progressive metal band SikTh and their last before their hiatus. Released on 6 June 2006 (06/06/06) in the United States and 26 June in the United Kingdom the first 4000 copies came with hand autographed fold out posters. It was released on vinyl by Basick Records as part of Record Store Day 2014.
 Ego Tripping at the Gates of Hell is an EP by The Flaming Lips released on Warner Bros. Records in late 2003.It was released while At War With the Mystics the full length follow up to Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots was being recorded. Despite being named after the Yoshimi... album track Ego Tripping at the Gates of Hell the song is not the 'lead' track and doesn't even appear in its original form rather as two club-oriented remixes.
 From Here on In is a singles compilation by Australian punk band The Living End. The new tracks were recorded at Sing Sing Studios in Melbourne Australia and the other tracks were re-mastered at 301 Studios.
 Live & Learn is the fourth studio album by American hard rock band Vixen.
 Turn Around Look at Us was the first compilation album released by the Bee Gees in 1967 on Festival Records this compilation was released only in Australia and New Zealand.The compilation features some of their early songs from 1963 to 1966 most of which had previously only been available on singles.
 Stormy Monday is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1974 and released on the Fantasy Records label in 1978. The album was releassed on CD combined with Sky Street (Fantasy 1975) as Stormy Monday Blues in 2001.
 The Gunman and Other Stories is the seventh studio album issued by the band Prefab Sprout. Released in June 2001 the album was the band's only release for the EMI Liberty label.
 The Last Kind Words is the third studio album by DevilDriver released in the United States on July 31 2007. It was released in the United Kingdom on June 19.This is the first album to feature DevilDriver's melodic death metal influence by using melodic death-like leads on the guitar in some songs and they make frequent use of guitar solos throughout the album. The album debuted at number 48 on the U.S. Billboard 200 selling about 14000 copies in its first week.
 Una Mas on the front cover titled Una Mas (One More Time) is a jazz album by trumpeter Kenny Dorham and his quintet released in 1963 on Blue Note as BLP 4127 and BST 84127. The album would be the next-to-last studio session led by the legendary trumpeter since after 1964 he'd begin to fade and disappear from the jazz scenes.
 C. W. McCall's Greatest Hits as the title suggests is a greatest hits compilation of country musician C. W. McCall's work released in 1983 (see 1983 in music) on Polydor Records rereleased on September 21 1993 and containing songs from the first five out of his six albums of original music including the ever-popular Convoy and its sequel 'Round the World with the Rubber Duck.
 Frigid Stars LP is the debut album by New York indie rock/slowcore band Codeine. It was released in August 1990 on Glitterhouse in Europe and in Spring 1991 on Sub Pop in the US. The album was released to generally positive reviews and is regarded as being one of the pioneering albums in the slowcore and sadcore genres. It was chosen by Pitchfork in 2008 as one of the 20 best Sub Pop albums. New Year's is a cover of a track co-written by Bitch Magnet singer Sooyoung Park.
 Shut-Up Randy! is a comedy album by Donnie Baker which was first released in November 2006. It is a single CD which represents original material recorded during the The Bob & Tom Show's syndicated daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.
 Shock Treatment is an album by trumpeter Don Ellis recorded in 1968 and released on the Columbia label.
 Love Affair is a studio album by Amii Stewart released in 1996.
 John Larkin is the debut album by John Paul Larkin released in 1986.
 From Russia with Love is the first album by metalcore band Cold War. It was recorded between May and July 2004 and released on Indecision Records in November 2004.
 Frank Sinatra Sings the Select Cole Porter is an album released in 1996 by American singer Frank Sinatra. It comprises his renditions of Cole Porter songs.
 Kibako is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow his second release on Rustblade. The label describes the album as consisting of tribal wooden instruments violent analogue synths and ambient soundscapes.A short trailer was posted to YouTube The track Operation Musashi was previously released on the compilation album No Red Seas and an excerpt posted on Merzbow's SoundCloud page.
 Arrive Having Eaten is an EP by indie rock band Pinback.
 Harsh Generation is the third album release by Dutch Aggrotech band Grendel. It was released in Europe on May 5 2007 through Infacted Recordings and in the United States on June 5 2007 through Metropolis Records.
 Pure Dixieland is a mostly instrumental album of traditional New Orleans classics from an ensemble of New Orleans jazz masters including a young Harry Connick Jr at the age of eleven.The album was originally released in 1979 titled Pure Dixieland. It was re-released in November 1992 as Eleven.
 Ashes to Dust is the third studio album by American musician/songwriter William Elliott Whitmore. It was released in 2005 on the Southern Records label.
 Emergency Broadcast System is an album by psychedelic trance artists G.M.S. which was released in November 2005.
 Summer Me! Johnny Frigo Live at Battle Ground is a 2008 compilation of Indiana Fiddlers' Gathering performances by jazz violinist Johnny Frigo recorded between 1994 and 1997. A hidden track an unaccompanied violin solo of Estrellita dating from June 30 1985 closes the album.
 Welcome to the Club is the second studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Kick Axe. The album was released in 1985. This album was released on Pasha Records and reissued in 2000 as part of the Sony Rewind series.
 The Glen Campbell Goodtime Album is the 19th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1970.
 Stormbringer! is the title of a 1970 album released by John and Beverley Martyn. John Martyn wrote six of the ten songs and Beverley four. The album was recorded under the direction of Paul Harris in Woodstock New York.Two of the tracks feature the drumming of Levon Helm from The Band – who had an influence on John Martyn's music.
 The Damnation Game is the second studio album by progressive metal band Symphony X released in 1995 through Zero Corporation (Japan) and Inside Out Music (Europe); a remastered edition was reissued on September 13 2004 through Inside Out. It is the band's first album to feature current singer Russell Allen who replaced Rod Tyler after the release of their 1994 self-titled debut album.
 Wide Awake in America is a four-track EP by the Irish rock band U2 released in 1985. It combines two live performances of songs from the group's 1984 album The Unforgettable Fire with two B-sides from the era which had previously been available only in the United Kingdom.It was originally released only in North America and Japan but sold so well that it charted in the UK as an import.
 Fuzz is Alice Donut's eighth studio album release in 2006. It was recorded at BC Studios Brooklyn New York.
 The Best of Minnie Riperton is a posthumous greatest hits album by Minnie Riperton released in 1981. The album consists of the hits like Perfect Angel Lovin' You Inside My Love and Adventures in Paradise.
 A Reason To Live is the second album from Contemporary Christian music singer Cindy Morgan. It was released in 1993 by Word Records and earned Morgon a Dove award as Female Vocalist of the Year. The song I Will Be Free also received a Dove Award for Short Form Music Video of the Year at the 25th GMA Dove Awards in 1994.
 Honky Tonk Sonatas is the fourth album by Canadian country music singer Jason McCoy.
 The Stepkids is the eponymous debut album of the Connecticut band The Stepkids. Mojo placed the album at number 25 on its list of Top 50 albums of 2011. SPIN also placed the album at number 19 on the list 20 Best R&B albums of 2011
 Age of Aquarius is the second studio album by the Finnish power metal band Revolution Renaissance. It is the first album featuring singer Gus Monsanto drummer Bruno Agra bassist Justin Biggs and keyboardist Mike Khalilov. It was released on 25 March 2009 in South-East Asia by JVC/Victor Entertainment and on 23 March 2009 in the rest of the world by Scarlet Records. A promotional video clip for the title track was recorded and produced in late 2008.
 Rock Against Bush Vol. 2 is the second Rock Against Bush compilation album released on the Fat Wreck Chords record label. It contains a collection of songs by various punk rock artists some of which were previously unreleased. It also includes a bonus DVD with political facts commentary regarding the U.S. presidential election 2004 comedy footage and music videos. It was released on 10 August 2004.
 Fears is a studio album released in 1997 by Polish industrial death metal band Atrophia Red Sun.
 Habits Old and New is a studio album by country music artist Hank Williams Jr. and was released under Elektra Records/Curb Records in June 1980. Habits Old and New was Williams' third full length album in a fourteen month span following Family Tradition and Whiskey Bent and Hell Bound that were released in April and November 1979. It was also his fifth album on the Elektra/Curb label.
 Somewhere in the Middle is Jason Boland & The Stragglers's fourth album. It was released in September 2004. It is the first album by the band to be produced by Lloyd Maines. The song Thunderbird Wine is a cover of the Billy Joe Shaver song featured on the 1981 album I'm Just An Old Chunk Of Coal.
 The Out of Control Tour was filmed on 24 May 2009 at London O2 Arena. The release date is 5 October according to the Girls Aloud website and the 13th on Blu-ray. A special version of the DVD will be released only through the Girls Aloud website shop with an audio CD of the performances except the hits medley.
 Un corazon herido is the seventh album by Mexican pop singer Yuri. It was released in 1987. She returns with the label EMI Music.It sold 250000 copies earning a Platinum disc [1].
 Flashback: The Best of 38 Special is a best-of compilation of the southern rock band 38 Special released in 1987. It contains several of the band's greatest hits such as Hold On Loosely and Fantasy Girl and some hit songs from soundtracks previously unavailable on a 38 Special album such as Back to Paradise and Teacher Teacher.
 Babylon is the debut album of Welsh rock band Skindred. The band was formed from members of the disbanded band Dub War including leader Benji Webbe and signed to RCA Records in 2002 who released the album in July. The band felt that they were being treated poorly by the label and left in 2004 signing with Bieler Bros. Records who released the album internationally in association with Lava Records.
 I Went To This Party And There Were 88 Guards With Guns alternatively known as 88 Guards With Guns is a compilation album by New Zealand band Minuit that was released in 2008 to expand their fan base in the UK.The album's title is a play on the band's previous releases; The 88 The Guns EP and The Guards Themselves.The songs excluded from this compilation were released on The 88 EP and The Guards Themselves EP.
 Oz: The Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the HBO television series Oz. It was released on January 9 2001 through Avatar Records and contained hip hop music from all three coasts East West and South. The album peaked at #42 on the Billboard 200 and #8 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and spawned one single Behind the Walls which went to #52 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.
 Harvest Remixes is a remix album by Dragon Ash released in 2004. It includes remixes of ten tracks from their previous album Harvest. The remixes were produced by the duo of Kj and BOTS from Dragon Ash under the name Fellows Inc. with help from other members Makoto Sakurai and Hiroki (who together called themselves Tekunokusu and have since formed endive). Other remixers include Dry & Heavy Ganja Kru and 3rd Force.
 Here's to the People is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins released on the Milestone label in 1991 featuring performances by Rollins with Clifton Anderson Mark Soskin Jerome Harris Bob Cranshaw Roy Hargrove Jack DeJohnette Steve Jordan and Al Foster.
 Rodney Crowell is the title of the third eponymous studio album by American country music artist Rodney Crowell. It was released in 1981 (see 1981 in country music) by Warner Bros. Records and was his last album on that label before switching to Columbia. It was the first album Crowell produced by himself. It reached #47 on the Top Country Albums chart and #105 on the Billboard 200 albums chart. The songs Stars on the Water and Victim or a Fool were released as singles.
 Beautiful Life is the 2006 fourth album from Canadian artist Bruce Guthro. The album produced the singles Beautiful Life Montreal Holy Road and Touch.
 Incitare is the first album by Los Angeles based band Volto! released on July 23 2013.
 Wings of Forever is the debut album of the UK-based power metal band Power Quest released in 7 May 2002.
 Hello I Must Be Going! is the second studio album by English singer-songwriter Phil Collins. It was originally released 1 November 1982. This album's name comes from the Marx Brothers' song with the same name featured in the movie Animal Crackers. The album was promoted with a tour of the same name.
 Phoenix is Grand Funk Railroad's sixth studio album released on September 15 1972 by Capitol Records. It was produced by Grand Funk and marks the band's first album not produced by Terry Knight. Rock & Roll Soul was released as a single and went to #29 in 1972. The album features Craig Frost on organ clavinet harpsichord and piano; and Doug Kershaw on electric fiddle.
 Mama Too Tight is an album by Archie Shepp released on Impulse! Records in 1966. The album contains tracks recorded by Shepp Tommy Turrentine Grachan Moncur III Roswell Rudd Howard Johnson Perry Robinson Charlie Haden and Beaver Harris in August 1966. The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states Shepp had hit his stride here compositionally...
 The Destroy the Map EP is a three song EP by the Alaskan metal band 36 Crazyfists released under Roadrunner Records in 2005.Destroy the Map was released in 2005 in conjunction with their April tour in the UK and Europe. The CD was briefly available for order before this time by following a link on their MySpace page or roadrunnerrecords.co.uk which brought you to a mini-site. The CD was sold exclusively this way and was never sold in stores.
 Demolition is the first studio album by the British heavy metal band Girlschool. It was released in Europe on Bronze Records in 1980.It was produced by experienced sound engineer Vic Maile. Demolition reached No.
 Au milieu de ma vie is the eighth studio album by Canadian singer Garou and his ninth album overall. The songs all in French are written by Gérald de Palmas Pascal Obispo Jean-Jacques Goldman Francis Cabrel en Luc Plamondon. Garou sings Du vent du mots in a duet with Charlotte Cardin.
 Iros todos a tomar por culo is a live album by Spanish rock band Extremoduro. It was produced by Iñaki Uoho Antón and published by Dro Records in 1997.It was recorded during the tour which promoted their album Agíla performed jointly along with the band Platero y Tú.
 Janet (stylized as janet.) is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Janet Jackson released on May 18 1993 by Virgin Records. Prior to its release Jackson was at the center of a high-profile bidding war over her recording contract. In 1991 her original label A&M sought to renew her contract while others such as Atlantic Capitol and Virgin all vied to sign her.
 Kind of Light released in 2003 is the debut album from Los Angeles California pop / rock band The 88. The album includes the songs How Good It Can Be and Hard to Be You which have featured on The O.C.
 The Dreams We Have as Children – Live at the Royal Albert Hall is a charity live album by singer/guitarist Noel Gallagher in support of Teenage Cancer Trust. Gallagher recorded the album at a charity concert at the London Royal Albert Hall on 27 March 2007. Gallagher best known as guitarist main songwriter and occasional vocalist of English Britpop band Oasis played a set composing of primarily Oasis songs and was joined by fellow Oasis musician Gem Archer on guitar for the performance.
 The Albums is a box set of recordings by the Swedish pop group ABBA. It was released on November 11 2008 through Universal Music. The box set includes nine discs the first eight are all of the original studio albums the way they were originally released between 1973 and 1981 while the ninth disc features all of the singles that were not released on the band's studio albums along with some of the b-sides. It does not include rarities or extras. The box set has charted in several countries.
 Down in the Shacks Where the Satellite Dishes Grow is the second album by the Judybats released in 1992.
 Robert Plant presents Sensational Space Shifters (Live in London '12) aka Sensational Space Shifters (Live in London '12) aka 7/12/12 HMV Forum London GB is a live album by English rock singer and musician Robert Plant recorded with his backing band Sensational Space Shifters on 12 July 2012 at the HMV Forum in London. It was released digitally on 13 July 2012.This was Plant's first solo live album release in a non-DVD format.
 Still in the Game is Keith Sweat's sixth studio album. The title of the album refers to him being in the music business for over a decade. Come and Get with Me peaked at #12 in the U.S.. I'm Not Ready released a year later peaked at #16. Both songs were accompanied with music videos directed by Paul Hunter who previously directed all of the music videos for the singles released from Sweat's last album.
 TPTHK [The Promise That Heaven Kept] is the first studio album by Canadian recording artist Promise it was released on August 8 2002. The album features guest appearances from Sean Slaughter Aion Clarke fka Voyce Alexander and others. The album was released by independent record label DFS Records.
 Ode to the Ghetto is the debut solo album by American MC Guilty Simpson released on Stones Throw Records. While making many guest appearances on albums by fellow Detroit rappers and producers Guilty has had to wait years for his own solo album to come together. Production on the album is handled by many Stones Throw producers Detroit producers Denaun Porter of D12and Konnie Ross of Almighty Dreadnaughtz as well as Los Angeles producer DJ Babu of Dilated Peoples.
 Twenty Tomorrow is the first full-length studio album released by Ben Rector.
 'Monedas al aire' is the first live album of Carlos Varela released in 1993
 The Singles 1991–1996 is a box set containing six CD singles by the band Pantera that was released on 23 September 1996 in Australia only.
 Georgiavania is the debut album by American underground hip hop artists Jneiro Jarel and Khujo under the moniker Willie Isz released on Lex Records on June 15 2009. It features a vocal contribution by Tunde Adebimpe from TV on the Radio.
 My Feet Are Smiling is American guitarist Leo Kottke's sixth album and his second album recorded live. It reached #108 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts.
 Hard Reyne is the second solo album by Australian singer/songwriter James Reyne released in 1989.
 Clockwork Angels Tour is a live album and film of Canadian progressive rock band Rush's Clockwork Angels Tour released on November 19 2013. The performances were selected from the band's shows in Phoenix Dallas and San Antonio (November 25 28 and 30 2012 respectively).
 Hard or Smooth was the second album released by Wreckx-n-Effect. It was released on November 24 1992 for MCA Records and featured production from Teddy Riley Ty Fyffe Riley's engineers Franklyn Grant and David Wynn and Wreckx-n--Effect. This marks Wreckx-n-Effect's first album following the death of member Brandon Mitchell who was shot to death in 1990.Hard or Smooth became a success for the group thanks in large part to the single Rump Shaker.
 Ghostly Swim is a free download album released in 2008 by Adult Swim and Ghostly International (through Williams Street Records). The track listing contains songs arranged and recorded in an unusual Avant-garde style of pop rock and hip hop.
 Raging Slab is the second full length album (and major label debut) by American hard rock band Raging Slab. The album featured the singles Don't Dog Me and Bent For Silver.
 One Love is the second album by European-based Nigerian artist Dr. Alban. It was released in 1992.
 Tickets for a Prayer Wheel is an EP by the alternative rock band Sixpence None the Richer. The EP is composed of two versions of the song Within a Room Somewhere six previously unreleased tracks that include two instrumentals and the dance mix (with an intro) of the song Love Salvation the Fear of Death. Both Within and Love... previously appeared in different versions on the album This Beautiful Mess.
 The Forsaken is the third studio album by the Christian black metal band Antestor released in 2005 on Endtime Productions. The album features guest appearances of the established metal musicians Jan Axel Blomberg (Hellhammer) and Ann-Mari Edvardsen.
 Straight Outta Compton: N.W.A 10th Anniversary Tribute is a tribute/compilation album by rap group N.W.A. released in 1998 for Priority Records. It was produced by Ant Banks Craig B DJ Yella Dr. Dre and Krayzie Bone. The album was mildly successful making it to #142 on the Billboard 200 and #31 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop album charts. Artists on the album include MC Eiht Dresta King T Bone Thugs-N-Harmony Snoop Dogg C-Murder and Jayo Felony.
 Your Body Sub Atomic is a 20th anniversary remix album of the Stakker Humanoid release and other tracks by Brian Dougans; the remixes are by both new and established artist's and DJ's. The digital download comes with an Adobe flash liner booklet (with a looping ambient track) detailing the title tracks story and the remixers it also comes with a high quality video of the Feadz 2007 Mix in .m4v format.
 Encore (2002) is an album by English soprano Sarah Brightman. It includes tracks from two previous Sarah Brigtman/Andrew Lloyd Webber albums (The Songs That Got Away and Surrender) and four previously unreleased tracks. This is similar to Classics which only featured four new songs.
 Goin' Back to Dixie is a bluegrass album by American musician John Hartford released in 1992 (see 1992 in music).
 Tuloy Pa Rin Ang Awit is a music album of GMA Network talent Jolina Magdangal. It was released under GMA Records.
 Understanding is a compilation album by female R&B act Xscape released on December 22 2002.
 The Exciting Wilson Pickett released in 1966 was the third album by R&B and soul singer Wilson Pickett. The album charted at #3 on the U.S. Billboard R&B albums chart and #21 on the popular albums chart. According to AllMusic this second album firmly established Picket's stature as a major '60s soul man.
 LCD Soundsystem is the debut album by American dance-punk act LCD Soundsystem released in January 2005 by DFA Records. Some editions contained two discs: the LP itself with new songs and a second disc featuring singles released since 2002. The album was nominated for the 2006 Grammy Award for Best Electronic/Dance Album.The LP itself is a mix of acid house post-disco dance-rock post-punk alternative rock garage rock psychedelic pop and other genres.
 Heart - Greatest Hits: 1985–1995 is a compilation album by the American rock band Heart. This compilation is a companion to the 1998 Epic release Greatest Hits (1976-1983) and collects Heart's studio hits from the Capitol Records years on a single disc including the semi-rarities of the Ann Wilson and Robin Zander duet Surrender to Me and the previously unreleased studio cover version of John Farnham's You're the Voice.
 La Mécanique du Cœur is the sixth studio album by the French band Dionysos released on 5 November 2007. The title can be translated as the mechanics of the heart; the album complements the book of the same name written by Mathias Malzieu the band's frontman. The album has sold over 75000 copies making it a Gold Disc and there are plans for a film adaptation with the participation of Luc Besson.
 Lesley Gore: It's My Party is a five disc box set from Bear Family Records released June 21 1994 that includes every Mercury Records release by Gore between 1963 and 1969. It also includes foreign language versions and never-released songs.
 The Hit Parade is a 2002 album by PUFFY. Tracks in this album are covers of hits from the 1970s and 1980s. The album peaked at No. 10 on the Japanese Albums Chart.
 The Geist of Alec Empire is a 3 CD compilation album by electronic artist Alec Empire. While the majority of the album is tracks previously released on the Mille Plateaux label some original material is present.
 Mala is the eighth studio album by folk-rock musician Devendra Banhart released on March 12 2013 on Nonesuch Records. The album was produced by Banhart and Noah Georgeson and mastered by Greg Calbi.
 One-Upmanship is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron with soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy recorded in 1977 and released by the Enja label. The CD reissue added three solo piano pieces to the original album.
 Golders Green is the second posthumous CD release of demo material recorded by Badfinger frontman Pete Ham. The recordings are taken from various eras beginning with compositions he wrote during his years with The Iveys in 1968 and 1969 and running throughout his tenure with Badfinger ending with his death in 1975.
 We Are Born is the fifth studio album by Sia Furler. The album is more upbeat than her previous work which she partly attributes to her relationship with JD Samson as well as her childhood influences Cyndi Lauper and Madonna. The album was produced by Greg Kurstin and features guitar from The Strokes' guitarist Nick Valensi. The album's first single You've Changed was released in December 2009 and the second Clap Your Hands in April 2010.
 Music Out of the Moon: Music Unusual Featuring the Theremin - Themes by Harry Revel (Capitol CC-47) is an album consisting of six songs on three 10-inch 78 rpm records by bandleader Les Baxter and composer Harry Revel with theremin player Dr. Samuel J. Hoffman released on Capitol in April 1947. Music Out of the Moon is considered the best-selling theremin record of all time.
 ¡Oh Mamá! is the second album released by Spanish group La Pandilla in 1971. It features siblings Santi & Nieves Aguirre brothers Carlos and Javier Martinez and Blanca Ruiz. Like many La Pandilla albums before and after this this song features covers of English and Spanish that were famous at the time.
 Odyssey is the second full length album by electroclash duo and performance troupe Fischerspooner released on April 5 2005 in the United States and on April 11 around the world. Despite being recognized as one of the more successful acts from the electroclash scene Fischerspooner changed their musical direction and created Odyssey as more of a synthpop record.
 Worlds Away is the debut album by Strange Advance released November 1982. It featured two hit Canadian singles She Controls Me and Kiss in the Dark. Strange Advance was subsequently nominated for a Juno Award for Most Promising Group of the Year in 1983.The 7 single for She Controls Me contains a b-side track called Lost in Your Eyes which was later released on the Over 60 Minutes with...
 I'm from the Country is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Tracy Byrd. Released in mid-1998 as his final studio album for MCA Records it produced only two singles: the title track and I Wanna Feel That Way Again both of which reached Top Ten on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts that year. Both songs were Top Ten hits reaching #3 and #9 respectively.
 Burning Bridges is the fifth album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1967 by Capitol Records.
 Witness Protection is the eighth studio album by American recording artist Dave Hollister released on August 5 2008.
 Only Game in Town is an album by New Zealand band The Warratahs released in 1992.
 Le Jazz Non: A Compilation of Norwegian Noise is a compilation album of experimental Norwegian music released on the Smalltown Supersound label in 2000. The album acts as a follow-up to the Le Jazz Non compilation of New Zealand music released on Corpus Hermeticum in 1996.
 The Funeral of God is the seventh full-length album by metalcore band Zao. Released on July 13 2004 through Ferret Records in the US and on July 12 2004 through Roadrunner and Ferret in Europe and Asia. It saw the return of guitarist Russ Cogdell and the addition of bassist Shawn Koschik and drummer Stephen Peck after the departure of Jesse Smith. A music video was made for the song The Rising End (The First Prophecy).
 Hatebreed is the fifth studio album from American Metalcore band Hatebreed. The album was released on September 29 2009. Frontman Jamey Jasta had this to say regarding the new album: This is our fifth studio album and it's a monster! We've survived some pretty rough times and the music shows it. There was no reason to change the recipe that our fans know and love but we added a few brutal new ingredients and we're more than amped on the results. Violence is a given!
 Young Machetes is the fifth and final studio album by the American post-hardcore band The Blood Brothers which was released October 10 2006. Lyrically the album remains firmly rooted in the surreal consciousness rage and oblique politics the Blood Brothers have always embraced. It also reveals a new once-bitten wisdom.[1] Heather Phares of Allmusic said of the album:
 The Headquarters Sessions is an 84-track 3-CD set by the Monkees containing 60 previously unreleased recordings from the sessions that produced the band's third album Headquarters.It includes recordings from sessions where the band exercised creative control over all aspects of the recording process and where they played most of the instruments.
 Crescent is a 1964 studio album by jazz musician John Coltrane released by Impulse! as A-66. It features his jazz quartet group of McCoy Tyner Jimmy Garrison and Elvin Jones playing all original Coltrane compositions with the leader playing tenor saxophone exclusively. It is commonly regarded as the saxophonist's darkest album. Only the brief infectious medium-up Bessie's Blues and a samba-tinged groove in the midsection of the otherwise sedate Wise One break the sombre mood.
 In Transit is a live album by Canadian progressive rock band Saga. The album was recorded in Copenhagen and Munich in 1982. In Transit went platinum in Canada and gold in Germany.
 Sugar's Boogaloo is the debut album by The Sugarman 3. It was released by Desco in 1999 and re-released in 2006 by Daptone Records.
 You is the first album released by the pop/electro band Bang Gang. It was written by Barði Jóhannson and released in 1998.
 Head First is the title of the third album by the Babys. Corby was removed from the group by Chrysalis on 28 August 1978 the remaining members of the Babys completed the album for a January 1979 release.
 Värttinä is the first album by the band of the same name Värttinä. On it the 21-member band performs traditional Karelian folk songs. It was originally self-released in 1987 on vinyl and cassette. In 1992 it was re-released in Finland by Mipu Music. In 1997 it was reissued in Japan by Warner Japan. In the same year it was reissued in the United States by Finlandia Innovators under the title Värttinä - The First Album.
 Inspired Abandon is an album by American jazz trombonist Lawrence Brown with Johnny Hodges featuring performances recorded in 1965 for the Impulse! label. The album was rereleased on CD as bonus tracks on the CD reissue of Everybody Knows Johnny Hodges.
 Things Couldn't Be Better is the second studio album by Canadian rock band The Reason. The song We're So Beyond This features guest vocals by Sara Quin of Tegan and Sara and the artwork was designed by artist Emy 'EE' Storey.
 Songs to Grow on for Mother and Child is a collection of children's music by folk singer Woody Guthrie. Recorded in 1947 and first released in 1956 a remastered recording was issued by Smithsonian Folkways Recordings in 1991.Several songs in the collection are instructional helping children learn to count. Others are songs of adoration written by Guthrie with his own children in mind.
 Now Winter 2005 is a compilation CD released by EMI Music Australia in 2005. It is the ninth CD of the Australian Now! series. The series took on a new appearance as well as an altered name with the release of Now Winter 2005. Previous releases were named based on what number release it was in the series. The design would be changed again in late 2006.
 Inspiration is a 1989 album by Elkie Brooks. It is a mixture of cover versions and original tracks and includes the single Shame. It was recorded 1989 at Abbey Road Studios RPM Studios Pavilion Studios Rock House and Woody Bay Studios.
 L.K. 1: VersaStyle is the French reedition released in 1998 on his own label Killko Records of the first album by French musician Lord Kossity An tèt ou sa yé ! (released in 1997 only in the West Indies on the same label).
 Inflation Blues is an album by Jack DeJohnette's Special Edition featuring Chico Freeman John Purcell and Rufus Reid with Baikida Carroll added on four tracks recorded in 1982 and released on the ECM label in 1983. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states this is a particularly strong outing by the 1982 edition of the group... it is not surprising that the music is adventurous yet quite coherent with the solo and group statements being both spontaneous and logical. Recommended.
 Necesito Más de Ti (I Need More From You) is the title of a studio album released by norteño music band Duelo. This album became their first number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums.
 Secret Weapon is MxPx's eighth full-length studio album which was released on July 17 2007. It is the band's first release on their original label Tooth & Nail Records since 1996's Life in General. The album debuted at No. 76 on the Billboard 200; it also went to No. 1 on the Billboard's Christian chart.
 Together Alone is the debut studio album by British singer Alex Hepburn. The album was released on April 12 2013 through Warner Bros. Records. The record includes two singles Under and Miss Misery. The album has charted well in many European countries peaking at No.2 in Swiss charts.
 Danzetsu (断絶) is the debut album by Japanese singer-songwriter Yōsui Inoue released in May 1972.Backing tracks of the album were mainly played by the instrumentalists of The Mops and they were arranged by the group's guitarist Katz Hoshi.
 A Tale of God's Will (A Requiem for Katrina) is an album recorded in 2007 by the Terence Blanchard Quintet.In 2008 won a Grammy Award for Best Large Jazz Ensemble Album and was nominated for Best Jazz Instrument Solo for his work on the song Levees.
 Catnip Dynamite is the second solo album by former Jellyfish co-founder Roger Joseph Manning Jr. released in Japan on March 19 2008. Catnip Dynamite was released outside Japan by Oglio Records on February 3 2009.The music on this album contains some of Manning's song ideas that go back as far as 1985. Manning has described the album as another roller coaster ride of sonic and emotional ups and downs and distraction in the greatest sense of the word.
 Prints In The Stone is an EP released in 2001 by rock band Mostly Autumn.
 Rare & Unreleased Recordings from the Golden Reign of the Queen of Soul is a 2007 two-disc compilation album featuring unreleased and rare songs by Aretha Franklin recorded between 1966 and 1973 on Atlantic Records. The liner notes nominated for a Grammy at the 51st Annual Grammy Awards were co-written by Jerry Wexler who was responsible for producing the sound which solidified Franklin as a legend and David Ritz who co-authored Franklin's 1999 autobiography.
 The Very Best of The Jacksons (released in Japan under The Very Best Of The Jackson 5/The Jacksons (Anthology 1969 - 1987))is a greatest hits compilation of The Jacksons during their years at Motown as the Jackson 5 to their last single released by Epic Records in 1989. The compilation is a joint release with Universal Music Group Motown's current parent and was distributed in 2004 in the UK by Sony Music.
 Party is a compilation album by Pet Shop Boys released exclusively in Brazil on 4 November 2009.The album was released to coincide with the Brazilian leg of their 2009 Pandemonium tour. The album includes both past hits and some newer material.
 Instinct is the debut studio album released on August 7 2012 by the Stockholm based band Niki & The Dove and their second release on US label Sub Pop.
 Our Swan Song is the debut 2006 release from Laura Jean. I'm a Rabbit I'm a Fox and A Good Thing were released as radio singles and achieved high rotation on Triple J. The album had a reissue release on September 1 2007 when Jean changed record labels.
 Antelope Freeway is an album by American guitarist Howard Roberts recorded in 1970-71 for the Impulse! label.
 Loose is the eighth studio album by Japanese rock band B'z. The album sold 1336150 copies in its first week becoming the band's highest debut for a studio album. In total over 3003210 copies were sold making it the band's highest selling studio album. One of the album's standout tracks is a blues-flavored remake of Bad Communication as well as a more energetic version of the hit Negai.
 Rock & Roll Submarine is the sixth album by alternative rock band Urge Overkill. It is their first album in sixteen years.
 Overcome or Burn Forever in Hell/Arachnid Terror Sampler is an EP by black metal band Paradox combined with a sampler album featuring fourteen different artists released in 2002 by the band's own Tarantula Promotions label. Limited to five hundred copies it contains two songs by Paradox which were the final recordings of that band along with a compilation of fourteen songs previously recorded by their respective artists.
 Higher Learning Vol.2 is the tenth official mixtape by the rapper Fashawn. It was released on 16 February 2011. The mixtape was presented by DJs Ill Will and Rockstar and has many contributions by popular producers. It was released shortly after Grizzly City 3 and did not contain Fashawn's previous leaks and freestyles excluding Manny Pacquiao and Going Home. The mixtape had very positive reviews and feedback.
 117° is the second studio album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin and his first not released under a band name following the breakup of his post-Guns N' Roses group the Ju Ju Hounds. The album contains a cover of Chuck Berry's Memphis.The album features appearances from Stradlin's former Guns N' Roses bandmate Duff McKagan and former Ju Ju Hounds' bandmate Rick Richards also ex-of The Georgia Satellites.
 The Darkside Vol. 3 is the third volume in the Darkside series by rapper Fat Joe. The mixtape was released August 26 2013 via Dat Piff.
 Live at Chastain Park is a live album recorded by James Brown in 1985 at the titular city park in Atlanta Georgia. Originally released in the UK and Europe in 1988 by Charly Records it has been reissued numerous times on budget labels. The concert was also filmed and has been issued on DVD by Charly (on the 2008 release Double Dynamite) and other companies.
 Pulse is the seventh studio album by American R&B singer–songwriter Toni Braxton released May 4 2010 on Atlantic Records. It is her first album in five years and serves as her debut for the Atlantic label after signing a new record deal. Production for the album took place during September 2008 to March 2010 and was handled by several record producers including David Foster Harvey Mason Jr. Frank E Oak Lucas Secon and Dapo Torimiro.
 New Moon is a posthumous studio album by American singer-songwriter Elliott Smith released on May 8 2007 by Kill Rock Stars. It contains twenty-four previously unreleased songs most recorded between 1994 and 1997 during the sessions for Smith's albums Elliott Smith and Either/Or.The album was well-received by critics and reached number 24 in the US Billboard chart selling about 24000 copies in its first week.
 No Room is the third album released by Boulder Colorado band The Samples. The album was released on April 22 1992.
 One Voice is the fourth full-length studio album from New York hardcore band Agnostic Front. It was released in 1992 on Relativity Records. It marks a three year absence from recording – the last album was Live at CBGB in 1989 – after Roger Miret's term of imprisonment.
 Negativconcertland is a 1993 recording of a live concert by Negativland. It is a bootleg recorded from the audience. At the time of its release Negativland had never officially released a live album. SST later put out Negativ(e)land: Live On Tour against their wishes to compete with Seeland's Dispepsi album. In 2006 they released an official live recording It's All In Your Head FM made on the tour of the same name.
 I Know is the eleventh studio album (sixteenth overall) by American R&B/soul singer Luther Vandross released in August 1998 (see 1998 in music) and his only one for Virgin Records. It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Traditional R&B Vocal Performance and the song I Know was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance in 1999.
 Iamus is the first studio album composed using Iamus a computer cluster designed by the University of Malaga which creates contemporary classical music.
 A Glen Campbell Christmas is the 56th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1998 on the TNN Classic Sessions label (see 1998 in music). In 1999 the album was repackaged and released on the Unison/TNN label.
 Junius / Rosetta is a split EP by American art rock band Junius and American post metal band Rosetta. After several years of planning the title was made available on September 27 2011 through Translation Loss in CD format and on November 22 2011 through The Mylene Sheath in vinyl format. However the vinyl release was limited and only 1000 copies have been pressed for distribution.
 Red is the seventh studio album by progressive rock group King Crimson released in 1974. It was their last studio recording of the 1970s and the last before the lead member Robert Fripp temporarily disbanded the group.
 Sheffield is the seventh studio album by the German techno band Scooter released in 2000. It includes two singles: I'm Your Pusher and She's the Sun .
 Love American Style is the second album by noise rock band The Honeymoon Killers released in 1985 through Fur Records.
 Intensity! is the second studio album by the Croatian surf rock band The Bambi Molesters released in 1999.
 Tina! is a compilation album from American rock singer Tina Turner. The album was released September 30 2008 by Capitol Records in North America and October 17 2008 in Germany (the album was released as an import in other regions).
 Booth and the Bad Angel is the eponymous and only album released from the collaboration between the composer Angelo Badalamenti and the lead singer of James Tim Booth named Booth and the Bad Angel.
 This War Will Last Forever is the debut album by Scottish metalcore band Mendeed.
 History of Modern is the eleventh studio album by British synthpop band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (OMD). It is their first since 1996 and also the first to feature the classic 4-piece OMD line-up since 1986's The Pacific Age. The record was released in the UK on 20 September 2010 peaking at #28. It was a considerable hit in Germany reaching #5 – the group's highest chart placing for an LP in that country.
 Hidden Gems is a compilation album by rapper O.C. from the D.I.T.C. crew released on April 3 2007. It's a mix of non-album songs remixes unreleased tracks and soundtracks and a couple of works with his group. The earliest tracks appearing here dates back to 1992 with the demo version of O-Zone and the previously unreleased Snakes and the album also includes two newly recorded songs.
 Return to Pooh Corner is a children's music album by soft rock singer Kenny Loggins. Released in 1994 it features songs written by John Lennon Rickie Lee Jones Paul Simon and Jimmy Webb along with several other traditional children's songs. It was a successful album for Loggins selling over 500000 copies and was nominated for a Grammy. Loggins returned to Pooh Corner several years later with 2000's More Songs from Pooh Corner.
 The Gas and The Clutch is the second album from Canadian Blues-Rock group The Perpetrators. Recorded by Len Milne at Bedside Studios the album won the Outstanding Blues Album at the 2005 Western Canadian Music Awards and was nominated for a Juno Award.
 Vexovoid is the fourth full-length album by Australian extreme metal band Portal. The album has been noted for providing clearer production values than heard on previous albums which renders the band's intricacies...more apparent without detracting from the band's mysterious qualities which were described as a temple to the inscrutable.
 Double Cup is the debut album by footwork musician DJ Rashad. It was released on 20 October 2013 via Hyperdub.
 A Higher Form of Killing is the second studio album by the metal band Intruder. It marks their departure from the speed metal sound displayed on their previous album in favor of a thrash metal sound.
 Amar Sin Mentiras is a latin pop album by Marc Anthony released in 2004. It also features the vocals of Jennifer Lopez. It won Best Latin Pop Album at the 2005 Grammy Awards. Ahora Quien reached #1 on Hot Latin Tracks in 2004.
 White Eyes is the third album released by rapper Magic. It was released on March 18 2003 through No Limit Records. The album failed to match the success of his previous albums and only made it to #147 on the Billboard 200 and #37 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. This would turn out to be Magic's final album with No Limit Records.
 Nina's Choice is an album by singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone. It is a compilation of singles from previous albums at Colpix Records.
 They're All Gonna Laugh at You! is the debut album by American comedian Adam Sandler released in 1993. The title comes from a repeated line in the track Oh Mom... which is itself a parody of a scene in the film Carrie. Several of the tracks on the album feature very adult humor a departure from the material in his films which are generally rated PG-13. This is a trend that would continue on his subsequent comedy albums and live tours.
 Mellow Dubmarine is a double album featuring reggae covers of various Beatles songs. A handful of Wings Paul McCartney John Lennon and George Harrison solo tracks are also featured. The tracks compiled were apparently recorded between the late 1960s and 2000. Several songs are covered by more than one artist - for example there are three versions of Let It Be. The album is hard to find in stores.
 Heavy Songs is a 2002 album by the Japanese rock group Shonen Knife.
 Morning Tide is the debut full length album by the band The Little Ones. It was released on July 28 2008 on CD digital download and 7 vinyl.
 Diamond Hoo Ha is the sixth and final album by British alternative rock band Supergrass released in the UK on 24 March 2008 and offers a return to punchier Supergrass songs in comparison to the more mellow Road to Rouen their previous album released in 2005. Several songs appearing on the album were performed at Guilfest 2007.
 Live/1975–85 is a live album by Bruce Springsteen & the E Street Band. It consists of 40 tracks recorded at various concerts between 1975 and 1985. It was released as a box set with either five vinyl records three cassettes or three CDs. There was also a record club only release which came on three 8-track cartridges which is extremely hard to find.
 Play is the eighth studio album by Taiwanese Mandopop girl group S.H.E. It was released on 11 May 2007 by HIM International Music. During the week of its release Play accounted for over half of all Taiwanese album sales beating out its runner up by over 40% of the market share. Over 100000 copies of the album were pre-ordered; by mid-July the sales total reached 500000.
 In Heaven is the second studio album and first Korean album by South Korean boy band JYJ. It was released on 28 September 2011 under C-JeS Entertainment with three covers: Red Blue and Brown Editions and a Black Edition a week later.
 Dune is the eleventh album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 1979 and in 2005 was the tenth Schulze album reissued by Revisited Records. Shadows of Ignorance features Arthur Brown on vocals half-singing/half-chanting a long poem written by Schulze.The cover photograph was taken by Schulze himself who arranged black letters on a television screen and took a snapshot during a scene of the Soviet-era science fiction film Solaris.
 Easy Street is an album by American saxophonistist Eric Marienthal released in 1997 and recorded for the Verve label. The album reached #13 on Billboard's contemporary Jazz chart.
 The Remix War (1995) is a remix album by Pitch Shifter. The EP is composed of remixes of select songs from Pitchshifter's prior release Desensitized. The bands who worked on the remixes were Therapy? Gunshot and Biohazard.
 Notes from the Past is a compilation album by Taking Back Sunday It was released on October 30 2007 by Victory Records.
 With No Human Intervention is the third album by industrial / black metal band Aborym. The album's title was coined by former Emperor drummer Bard Eithun as well as the lyrics for the title track and Faustian Spirit of the Earth.
 Stronger is the third album from Kate Earl released on November 20 2012 on Downtown Records. The first single One Woman Army was released on September 18 2012.Kate Earl re-emerges on Stronger Earl's debut for Downtown Records. Written and recorded with an expansive crew of well-respected Californians—including Brett Dennen Blake Mills and other established L.A.-based musicians— Stronger shows off the careful development of a singular voice.
 Peace Minus One is the third studio album by the Denver Colorado-based industrial metal band Rorschach Test. It was released on May 9 2000.
 The Weight of an Empty Room is the first full album produced by the Kansas City indie rock band Vedera (formerly Veda).
 Hollow Be My Name is the second album by the Australian post-hardcore band Eleventh He Reaches London. It was released by Good Cop Bad Cop in March 2009.Thematically the album is dark and introspective. It's about blaming anybody else other than yourself for your own misery. Themes like God government and father blaming them for your own problems. There's a definite story in the album. It's not all in order it's a bit jumbled.
 Hope St. is the debut studio album by Glasgow based alternative rock band Kassidy. It was released on 23 May 2011. It shares several tracks with the band's series of Rubbergum EPs released the previous year.
 Up in the Air: Music from the Motion Picture is the official soundtrack to the 2009 comedy drama Up in the Air. The album was released on November 9 2009. The CD version consists of fourteen tracks while a blue translucent vinyl version was released consisting of 12 tracks.
 Back in the Streets is a 1979 EP by the American Heavy metal band Dokken.According to band founder/singer Don Dokken Back in the Streets was a demo tape that was stolen from him. It is an illegal bootleg for which the band sees no royalties or financial remuneration. Since it is a bootleg release Don Dokken has reportedly stated that it is acceptable to duplicate this material.
 Carried Me: The Worship Project is the third studio album from contemporary Christian musician Jeremy Camp. It was released on February 10 2004 and entered the Billboard 200 at #102.
 I Am… is the third studio album by American rapper Nas released April 6 1999 on Columbia Records. It debuted #1 on the charts selling over 470000 copies in its first week. I Am… would later be certified 3x platinum in the United States. Upon its release I Am... received generally mixed to positive reviews from music critics.
 Dreamsville is the debut studio album by jazz singer Stacey Kent. It was released in 2001 by Candid Records.This was Kent's fourth studio album it was produced by Alan Bates and features her husband tenor saxophonist Jim Tomlinson.
 'Til Death is the debut studio album by Australian metalcore band Capture the Crown. The album was produced by Cameron Mizell at Chango Studios in Orlando Florida and mastered by Joey Sturgis at Foundation Recording Studio in Connersville Indiana. The album was released on 18 December 2012 through Sumerian Records. It peaked at No. 19 on the ARIA Heatseekers Albums and in the United States it appeared on three Billboard component charts Top Hard Rock (No. 21) Top Heatseekers (No.
 Fit to Be Tied is a compilation CD released by Joan Jett and the Blackhearts. The collection was released in the United States in 1997. It was remastered and reissued in 2001 with slightly different artwork.
 The Definitive Collection is a compilation of the greatest hits by Olivia Newton-John an internationally recognised singer and actress. The album was released in 2001 (Europe 2002 Japan 2003 (as The Best of ONJ)) on a CD by Universal and featured 22 of her all time hits.
 European Monsoon is an album by British musician Pagan Wanderer Lu (real name Andy Regan). Released in June 2010 on Brainlove Records.
 Adiós Sui Generis (Goodbye Sui Generis) is a live album by Argentine folk rock group Sui Generis recorded during the last show given by the band on September 5 1975 at the Luna Park.
 What Was Left is the second studio album by Clare Bowditch and the Feeding Set. It was released in October 2005 through Capitol and received a nomination for the 2005 J Award as well as being placed in the top five Australian albums of the year by Rolling Stone (Australia). Two songs from the album Divorcee By 23 and On This Side received national airplay.
 Lilly is a music album by Italian singer-songwriter Antonello Venditti released by Rca Italian in late 1975. All the songs are written by Antonello Venditti. It was the first album by Venditti to peak the Italian charts.
 So Happily Unsatisfied is an album that was recorded by the band Nine Days. It was intended to be the follow-up to their successful major-label debut The Madding Crowd from 2000. The release date of the album was repeatedly delayed by Epic Records's 550 Music until the band was ultimately dropped. In the interim the album had leaked onto the internet.
 More Songs of Pain is the fourth self-released music cassette album by singer-songwriter Daniel Johnston recorded late 1982 and early 1983.The album was re-released on cassette in 1988 by Stress records made available in downloadable mp3 format by Emusic in 2000 and in 2003 released on CD by Dual Tone as the second half of the compilation Early Recordings Volume 1.
 3D is the fourth studio album by American girl-group TLC. It was released by Arista Records on November 12 2002 seven months after the death of TLC member Lisa Left Eye Lopes. The album debuted at number six on the Billboard 200 and at number four on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart selling 143000 copies sold in its first week of release. The album nearly sold two million in the United States alone.
 Trances/Drones (1994) is an album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich. It is a two-disc compilation of Rich’s drone music albums Trances (1983) and Drones (1983) plus other material that was recorded during that time.
 Thinking It Over is the debut studio album by British-Irish pop group Liberty X. The album was released on the back of their success on television talent show Popstars and was recorded in the year following the series' finale where the band became runners-up to Hear'Say.The album was released in the United Kingdom on 27 May 2013 and became the biggest selling release of the band's career selling nearly 750000 copies.
 Skalary mieczyki neonki (English: Angelfish swordtails neon tetras) is the seventh studio album by Polish alternative rock band Myslovitz. It was released out-of-schedule on December 4 2004. The album is startlingly different from Myslovitz's other albums abandoning the usual alt-rock sound in favour of psychedelic soundscapes and improvisations.The album contains outtakes from the Korova Milky Bar recording sessions.
 Diamond Days is the third album by Out of the Grey released on 1 March 1994.
 Unica (Only one) is India's ninth Studio Album. India released Unica under record label Top Stop Music which was founded by grammy winner Sergio George. The album features her 7th #1 hit on the Tropical Billboard Charts Estupida which made India the female with the most #1 hits on the Tropical Billboard Charts. Estupida was her first single off the album released in two versions one salsa and the other a ballad version. The album was released on June 1 2010.
 Beethoven on Speed is an album by The Great Kat released in 1990.
 Colour Temple is the first studio album by progressive metal band Vanden Plas released in late 1994 through Limb Music and in June 1995 through Dream Circle Records; a two-disc edition was reissued in 2002 through Inside Out Music which included the band's 1996 acoustic EP AcCult.
 Live! is the first live album by English Rock band Status Quo. It contains 2 discs. It is an amalgam of performances at Glasgow's Apollo Theatre between 27 and 29 October 1976 recorded using the Rolling Stones Mobile Studio.
 Mundo Frío is a 2002 album by Reggaeton duo Lito & Polaco.It was nominated for Billboard's Latin Rap Album of the Year but lost to El General Is Back by El General.Videos were made for Rosando Con Mi Piel Mundo Frío and Esta Noche Quiero Darte.
 Aurora Borealis is an album by Cloud Cult.
 Go Home is a 1970 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Paris for the French Galloway label - first released in 1973. It features performances by Lester Bowie Joseph Jarman Roscoe Mitchell and Malachi Favors Maghostut along with Fontella Bass Ivan Julien Bernard Vitet Ambrose Jackson Jean Louis Chautemps Alain Matot Ventosa Kenneth Terroade Raymond Katarzinsky and several unidentified musicians.
 Fan Club Event 2008: Let's Party Vol. 1 (stylized as FAN CLUB EVENT 2008 「Let's Party Vol.1」) is the first Fanclub Exclusive DVD from Japanese star Koda Kumi. It was a performance of 11 concerts held in 7 locations throughout Japan. The DVD was only sold for a limited time.The DVD contains a questionnaire for every area visited and whichever ranked the highest that was the performance Koochan gave in that area.
 Chuckii is the debut album by the Los Angeles California-based R&B/soul singer/musician/producer Chuckii Booker. Booker performed all of the vocals and instrumentation on the album with the exception of the album's biggest hit Turned Away which featured backing vocals from co-writer Donnell Spencer Jr. and Oh Lover which features Gerald Albright on saxophone.
 Ringing in the Sane is the debut studio album and third release from Australian rock band The Hot Lies released through Liberation Music on 15 September 2007. Two singles were released to radio from the album Emergency! Emergency! and Tokyo.
 True To My Music is the sixth studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's a 10-track album released in 1983 under Universal Records.
 Magical Mystery Tour is a double EP and LP by the English rock group the Beatles produced by George Martin both including the six-song soundtrack to the 1967 film of the same name. The material was released in the United Kingdom on 8 December 1967 as a six-track double EP on the Parlophone label; in the United States the record released on 27 November 1967 was an eleven-track LP compiled by Capitol Records adding the band's 1967 single releases.
 The Grotesque / Ashen Epitaph is an EP by the death metal band Benediction. It was released by Nuclear Blast in 1994.
 What a Feelin' is the second album by American singer-songwriter Irene Cara and her most successful album to date. Released in November 1983 this album is dominated by dance-pop and Euro disco songs produced by the legendary producer Giorgio Moroder unlike her R&B-heavy debut. Many of the songs were co-written by Cara herself. The album includes the major hit singles Dream (Hold On to Your Dream) (U.S. #37) Flashdance... What a Feelin' (her only #1 hit in the U.S.) Why Me? (U.S.
 Noisembryo subtitled Psycho-Analytic Study of Coital Noise Posture is an album by the Japanese musician Merzbow.
 Having a Party is the fourth studio album by American family vocal group the Pointer Sisters released in 1977 on the ABC/Blue Thumb label.
 Mina alla Bussola dal vivo is Italian singer Mina's first live album.Mina was the first Italian woman to record a live album during her performance at the Bussola a popular night club in Marina di Pietrasanta Versilia Tuscany Italy. She recorded this live in occasion of tenth year of her smashing career.
 Milíon is the debut album by rapper Half a Mill released on May 9 2000. The album peaked at number 91 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. and sold 40000 copies a number which was considered unexpectedly low.
 Koala Motel is the fourth album by Australian alternative country musician Anne McCue. It was released in 2006 by Messenger Records.
 Sounds from True Stories subtitled Music for Activities Freaks is the soundtrack to David Byrne's 1986 film True Stories. It was released only on cassette and LP.The album is not a complete soundtrack recording featuring only a couple of the vocal songs heard in the movie with the rest being instrumental music. Byrne's band Talking Heads released the album True Stories which contained versions of the other songs in the film.
 DF 05 Live (stylized as DF 05 LiVE) is the first live album and first overall album by American folk band Sonia & Disappear Fear. The album was released on October 18 2005 by Sonia Rutstein's own Disappear Records label. The songs on the album span across Sonia's solo career as well as the earlier incarnation of her band Disappear Fear.
 The Best of Vanilla Ice is a greatest hits album by American rapper Vanilla Ice. Released in 1999 by Platinum Disc Records it features songs from the rapper's major label albums To the Extreme Extremely Live and Mind Blowin.
 Mentre tutto cambia is the second solo studio album of the Italian singer-songwriter Annalisa published on 27 March 2012 by Warner Music Italy.
 In My Prime Vol. 2 is an album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers recorded in 1977 and released on the Dutch Timeless label.
 Freedom is an album by jazz guitarist Kenny Burrell. It was recorded in 1963-1964 but shelved until 1980 when it was released in Japan as GXF 3057. In 2011 it was finally released in the US as a 180gr vinyl.
 Silicon Messiah is the debut studio album by English heavy metal band Blaze Bayley then known as Blaze released in 2000. The South American and Japanese versions of the album include several bonus tracks (Motherfuckers R Us Steel and Interactive Track and The Day I Fell to Earth on South American versions with the last track being the only Japanese one).
 Don't Be Afraid of Love is a 2002 album by Lo Fidelity Allstars. In contrast to the group's debut How To Operate With A Blown Mind Don't Be Afraid of Love is more centered on catchy vocal melodies and radio-friendly song structure though the style of music is still heavily steeped in strong break beats and funky basslines.In 2001 the single Lo Fi's in Ibiza was featured in the PlayStation 2 video game Frequency.
 Taylor Allderdice is the tenth mixtape by American rapper Wiz Khalifa It was released on March 13 2012. The name of the 17-track mixtape is the same as the high school that Wiz Khalifa attended.
 Xpander is a 1999 EP by Sasha along with Charlie May Andy Page (producer) and Gaëtan Schurrer. This single was featured on many compilations such as Global Underground: Ibiza Pete Tong's Essential Selection Hooj Choons' Nu Progressive Era and many other DJ mix compilations. It is considered a seminal release within the Progressive Trance community.
 Bitterblue is the eighth studio album by Bonnie Tyler released in 1991. Its title track was released as a single and peaked at #2 in Norway.In April 2012 the album was released digitally under the Rdeg record label.
 Sowin' Love is the second album released by American country music artist Paul Overstreet. The album was released by RCA Records in 1989 (see 1989 in country music). The album reached #13 on Billboard's Top Country Albums chart and charted at #31 on the Top Christian Albums chart. This album produced five top ten singles.
 Tyranny Of The Majority is the fourth and final album by the Industrial group Flesh Field. This album was written in a time period from mid-2006 to 2009. On January 2011 it was announced by Ian that he was disbanding Flesh Field as a musical project due to difficulties to collaborate with Wendy Yanko and difficulty to finding time to devote the attention to the project that it deserves.
 Fast & Furious 6 (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) is the soundtrack to Fast & Furious 6 released digitally to iTunes on May 17 2013 and on the D on May 21 2013 by Def Jam Recordings It mainly features many electronic and hip hop tracks.Lucas Vidal composed the musical score for Fast & Furious 6.The track We Own It (Fast & Furious) by 2 Chainz and Wiz Khalifa reached number six on the UK Singles Chart becoming 2 Chainz's most successful single in that country.With the agreement of the record label Axtone (by the Swedish DJ Axwell from the Swedish House Mafia) Two tracks by Hard Rock Sofa a Russian band of DJ called Here We Go (with Swanky Tunes) and Quasar have been used for film.
 Land of the Sun is an album by American jazz musician Charlie Haden. In 2005 the album won Haden the Grammy Award for Best Latin Jazz Album.
 The Sixth Sense is an album by American jazz pianist Don Pullen recorded in 1985 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 Beast of Bourbon is the eleventh studio album by the German thrash metal band Tankard on April 12 2004.
 Baritone Landscape (released 2001 by the label Gemini Records - GMCD 107) is a solo album by John Pål Inderberg.
 Love Me Kelly (Chinese: 愛 無力) is the first album released by the Singaporean singer Kelly Poon. There are also a new refurbished CD album of Love Me Kelly which added a new song December it was the song composed by Kelly Poon herself. It features 10 songs.
 The Secret of Association is the second album by the British singer Paul Young. Released in 1985 it reached number one on the UK album charts and the Top 20 in the US.
 The Other Two & You is the debut album by New Order members Gillian Gilbert and Stephen Morris under the name The Other Two. It was released in late 1993 half-a-year after their previous New Order album Republic. The album was re-released in January 2010 by LTM Recordings.
 Drums and Wires is the third studio album by the English band XTC released on 17 August 1979. It reached No. 34 on the UK album chart and No. 176 on the U.S. Billboard album charts. It contained the successful single Making Plans for Nigel which was released on 14 September 1979 and reached No. 17 on the UK singles chart. It also contained the original recording of Ten Feet Tall a re-recorded version of which was released in March 1980 in the U.S.
 Green Blue Fire is the an album by Lida Husik and Beaumont Hannant released in April 1996 through Astralwerks.
 Farm Out (Also written and stylized as ...farm out!) is the name of the second album by techno-country eurodance group Rednex. The three singles The Way I Mate The Spirit Of The Hawk and Hold Me For A While have been released of the album. It is also the first and only album to feature the second female leadsinger Mia Löfgren after original singer Annika Ljungberg departed to start a solo career. After the albums' third single release Mia left the band.
 A Heart Is a House for Love (title often confused with A Heart Is A House Of Love) is a 1991 hit soul and R&B song composed by Tristin and Davitt Sigerson and Bob Thiele and recorded by The Dells originally featured in the movie and on the soundtrack of The Five Heartbeats film (which coincidentally is loosely based on the real lives of numerous classic male Soul groups such as The Dells The Temptations and Jackie Wilson).
 The Best of Cascada is the third compilation album released by German dance trio Cascada. It was released 22 March 2013 in Germany. Consisting of past singles The Best of Cascada also features 3 new songs. The album's first single The Rhythm of the Night a cover of the Corona hit was released in 2012 and peaked at number 26 in Germany.
 More of Tom Lehrer was the second studio album recorded by musical satirist Tom Lehrer. The LP contains the same songs (in the same sequence) as the live album An Evening Wasted with Tom Lehrer which was recorded and released earlier in the same year.
 Wild Dreams of New Beginnings is the third album by the Belgian rock band Admiral Freebee. It was released on October 10 2006 by Universal Music Belgium.The album was produced by Malcolm Burn and includes a duet with Emmylou Harris (Coming of the Knight).
 Blue Room is the debut album by the San Diego-based pop punk band Unwritten Law released in 1994 by Red Eye Records. It was the band's first full-length album and established their presence in the prolific San Diego music scene of the early 1990s.
 Blood Sugar Sex Magik is the fifth studio album by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers released on September 24 1991. Produced by Rick Rubin it was the band's first record released on Warner Bros. Records. The musical styles of Blood Sugar Sex Magik differed notably from the techniques employed on the Chili Peppers' preceding album Mother's Milk and featured little use of heavy metal guitar riffs.
 Back Home in Sulphur Springs is the debut album of American guitarist Norman Blake released in 1972.Blake and his wife Nancy recorded an album of the same title in 2006.
 Half Hour of Power is an EP by Canadian rock band Sum 41. It was released June 27 2000 on Big Rig Records a subsidiary of Island Records (US) and Aquarius Records (Canada). Some sources consider the album to be the band's first studio album however the band claims that their next release All Killer No Filler is their first official album.The song Dave's Possessed Hair was redone as What We're All About for the Spider-Man soundtrack.
 Get Away Jordan is a live CD/DVD released by Christian gospel quartet Ernie Haase & Signature Sound. The album was produced by Gaither Music Group and released on January 23 2007.
 The First 10 Years is a 1970 Joan Baez compilation album which rounds up highlights of her first decade with the Vanguard label. It was her first official compilation and includes material ranging from her early 1960s traditional folk through her Bob Dylan and Phil Ochs covers to her later experiments with classical orchestration and country music.
 Chester is an EP by the indie folk musician Josh Rouse and the Lambchop member Kurt Wagner. It was released in September 1999 by Slow River Records.
 Super Colossal Smash Hits of the 90's: The Best of The Mavericks is the first greatest hits collection by American country music band The Mavericks. The album was originally released on November 9 1999 by Mercury Nashville. It was re-released on January 25 2000 with three bonus tracks. Here Comes My Baby and Things I Cannot Change were released as singles.In the UK the album was simply titled The Best of The Mavericks though it retained the same cover as the US version.
 Crazy Love is the sixth studio album released by Canadian vocalist Michael Bublé released on October 9 2009. After only three days of sales the album opened atop the Billboard 200 chart with 132000 copies making the album Bublé's second number one album. Spending the first full week at the top the album increased in sales to 203000 copies staying again at the number one spot on its second week.
 James Young Sings Ulster Party Pieces is the fifth comedy album released by Northern Irish comedian and actor James Young.The album cover features a picture taken by Stanley Matchett of Young busking outside the Ulster Group Theatre. Amongst those Young is seen busking at is his business partner Jack Hudson.Unlike Young's previous albums which featured recordings of sketches from his live shows this album was a Studio recording featuring songs written by and for Young.
 This Time It's Love is an album made by the American vocal group The Hi-Lo's with an orchestral accompaniment arranged and conducted by Clare Fischer recorded and released on the Columbia label in 1962 as CL 1723 (mono)/CS 8523 (stereo).
 The Flip Phillips Buddy Rich Trio is a 1953 Clef Records release of several small jazz combo tracks recorded in 1951 and 1952.
 Here Waits Thy Doom is the fourth studio album from the Canadian heavy metal band 3 Inches of Blood. It is the first 3 Inches of Blood album not to feature vocalist Jamie Hooper and thus the first to feature no founding members of the band. This is also the first 3 Inches of Blood album released through Century Media.
 Každý niečo hrá (English: Everybordy Plays) is the sixth studio album by Modus released on OPUS in 1985.
 The Cosmos Rocks is the debut studio album by Queen + Paul Rodgers released on 15 September 2008. It contains 14 new tracks written by Brian May Paul Rodgers and Roger Taylor. This is the first studio album of new material from the two remaining members of Queen since 1995's Made in Heaven and is the only studio collaboration to date with Paul Rodgers.
 Pakistani Pomade is an album by German free jazz pianist Alexander von Schlippenbach's Trio featuring saxophonist Evan Parker and percussionist Paul Lovens recorded in Germany in 1972 for the FMP label.
 Venus in Tweeds an album by Shooglenifty was released in 1995 on the Greentrax Recordings label.
 En Vivo (English: Live) is the second live album by Mexican pop singer Mijares. This album was released on 2001 and it was produced by Manuel Mijares himself. It's kind of collection of his greatest hits. His special guest was his wife. This concert was recorded in the Auditorio Nacional of Mexico City between January 27/28 2001.[1]
 No More Sweet Music is a double album by the Belgian band Hooverphonic. It is the group's fifth studio album and was released in 2005.
 Trampin' is an album by Patti Smith released April 27 2004. It was the first album Smith released on the Columbia Records label. Rolling Stone magazine placed the record on its list of The Top 50 Albums of 2004.
 Intonarumori is a 1998 album by the New York based no wave music group Material.
 Pornoise/1kg is a box set album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. Additional material from the sessions was released as Pornoise/Extra.It was partially included in the Merzbox in 2000.
 Agitar antes de usar is the fourth studio album recorded by Spanish rock band Hombres G released in 1988.
 Timeless is a collaborative album recorded and released by Brazilian artist Sérgio Mendes and produced by American rapper songwriter and producer will.i.am. The album was released on February 13 2006. The album features many neo soul and alternative hip hop guest artists including John Legend Q-Tip and Justin Timberlake. The album was produced entirely by will.i.am and was released via Concord Records and the will.i.am Music Group.
 Boys in the Band was included in a re-release of the The Libertines' second and final self-titled album The Libertines.
 Choreographed Man of War is an album by Robert Pollard and the Soft Rock Renegades released in 2001. The album features Robert Pollard (vocals guitar) Greg Demos (bass) and Jim Macpherson (drums).
 Truth Serum is the debut EP by Swedish popstar Tove Lo. It was released in Sweden as a digital download on March 3 2014. The EP includes the singles Love Ballad Habits Out of Mind and Stay High. The EP has peaked to number 25 on the Swedish Albums Chart.
 Initiation is the second full-length album by American industrial Post-Punk band Course of Empire. All songs were written by Course of Empire and production by David Castell.While many CDs of the same era contained a hidden track after the finish of the listed tracks usually preceded by a span silence Course of Empire and David Castell managed to fit three on Initiation.
 Relentless is the tenth studio album by the Australian christian metal band Mortification.
 Tales of Silversleeve is the second album released by Irish-born songstress Cathy Davey. It was released on 12 October 2007 as the follow-up release to Davey's 2004 debut Something Ilk. The album contains eleven tracks including the singles Reuben Sing for Your Supper and Moving.Tales of Silversleeve led to several award wins and nominations for Davey and her album including a win in the Best Irish Female category at the Meteor Music Awards.
 No Fuel Left For The Pilgrims is an album by Danish rock band D-A-D. The album was released on March 3 1989.This album was the band's most popular release largely due to the inclusion of the minor hits Rim of Hell and Sleeping My Day Away. Tracks from this album were recorded live for the Osaka After Dark EP released the following year.
 21st Century Live is a live album by the band Styx released in 2003. The album contains a CD and a DVD The tracks on the CD are identical to the tracks released on Styx World: Live 2001 (2001) but are presented in a different order and do not include some tracks included on Styx World: Live 2001. The DVD contains songs from Styx World: Live 2001 and two other previously released albums Arch Allies: Live at Riverport (2001) and At the River's Edge: Live in St.
 Eyesore is a limited edition E.P. by American groove metal band Skinlab. The E.P. was released November 3 1998. Only 5000 copies were made.
 Ahead Rings Out was the debut album by British blues-rock band Blodwyn Pig released in 1969. The band had been formed in 1969 by Mick Abrahams the former guitarist of Jethro Tull and sales of Ahead Rings Out rivalled those of Jethro Tull’s next album Stand Up reaching No.
 In the Fishtank 11 features The Black Heart Procession and Solbakken.
 Three Chord Revolution is the 2003 release by Ann Beretta.
 Most Requested Hits is American teen pop singer Aaron Carter's first compilation album. The album did not make the Top 50 and has only sold about 50000 copies to date. The compilation included no tracks from Carter's self-titled debut album including one of Carter's most successful singles worldwide Crush on You.
 Live at the Blue Note is the title of a live album released by the Cuban jazz ensemble Paquito D'Rivera Quintet (Paquito D'Rivera Dari Eskenazi Diego Urcola and Mark Walker) on April 18 2000. The album earned the Latin Grammy Award for Best Latin Jazz Album in 2001.
 Shady Grove is an acoustic album by Jerry Garcia and David Grisman. It was released on the Acoustic Disc record label in 1996. The album was produced by Garcia and Grisman for Dawg Productions. Also appearing on the album: Joe Craven Jim Kerwin Matt Eakle Bryan Bowers and Will Scarlett. Hesitation Blues is an uncredited track appearing at the end of the album.
 Crimson is the fifth album by Alkaline Trio released on May 23 2005. The record is produced by Jerry Finn.A 'Deluxe Edition' was released on November 28 2005. The first disc contains the original album while the added second disc features the album as demos home demos and acoustic songs. It is presented in a color slipcase based on original artwork.
 Live in Atlanta is the first DVD release of the German power metal band Savage Circus. It was recorded at the ProgPower USA festival in Atlanta on September 15 2006. The release also includes a roadmovie. The DVD was released on February 23 2007 by Dockyard 1.
 10 is a best-of album by Contemporary Christian band MercyMe released in 2009. It was split into two different parts: the sound (audio) part featured some of their biggest Number 1 hits 2 new songs and a re-recorded version of I Can Only Imagine featuring the London Symphony Orchestra.
 This article describes an album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 58 or Now 58 was released in 2004. The album is the 58th edition of the (UK) Now! series.
 Here We Rest is American musician Jason Isbell's third album and second with his band The 400 Unit. It was released April 12 2011.
 Hank Williams Jr. & Friends is a 1975 album by Hank Williams Jr.. It is Williams' breakthrough album featuring a transition toward country rock and William's own unique style as opposed to imitating his father's. The album was issued by MGM Records as number M3G5009 and was later reissued by Polydor Records as number 831 575-4 Y-1. The album was also reissued on CD in 2000 by Mercury Records a division of UMG Recordings Inc. Allmusic editor Thom Jurek cites Hank Williams Jr.
 Boo! Human is the eleventh full-length studio album by Joan of Arc released in 2008 on Polyvinyl Records.
 Break EP is the debut EP by the Scottish band The Cinematics released on 27 March 2006. BreakSunday Sun and Home appear in their LP versions on The Cinematics 2007 album A Strange Education. Sunday Sun is a cover from Beck's 2002 album Sea Change.
 Bella Thorne is the debut studio album by American singer Bella Thorne scheduled to be released in 2014. In 2010 Thorne starred in the Disney Channel Original Series Shake It Up and in the episode Stress It Up she made her singing debut performing original song Ring Ring. In March 2013 she officially signed with Hollywood Records and began working on her debut album.
 Spend the Night is the fifth studio album and major label debut by the American hard rock band The Donnas released in 2002 on Atlantic Records.
 Dark & Dirty Mile is the seventh studio album (ninth overall) by Red Dirt/Texas Country band Jason Boland & The Stragglers. It was released on May 14 2013. Shooter Jennings co-produced the album with the band.The title track was a top five single on the Texas Music chart in May 2013.
 Tyrants and Wraiths is an EP by Austrian melodic death metal band Hollenthon released by Napalm Records in 2009. It features bonus videos of On the Wings of a Dove and Ars Moriendi live at Graspop Metal Meeting.
 Road Trips Volume 4 Number 4 is a live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead. Subtitled Spectrum 4–6–82 it includes the complete concert recorded on April 6 1982 at the Spectrum in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. It also includes seven songs recorded the previous night at the same venue.
 The Art of Love is the eighth studio album by German singer Sandra released in 2007.The highly anticipated studio album The Art of Love was released in February 2007 entering the 16th position on the German charts. The Album had 3 Singles Released although none of them have received a music video. For the first time Michael Cretu did not work as a producer for the album as he was reportedly busy producing his new Enigma album A posteriori.
 Avant que l'ombre... is the sixth studio album by Mylène Farmer released on April 4 2005. Mainly composed of acoustic ballads this album produced five singles which were all top ten hits in France including Fuck Them All and L'amour n'est rien...
 Trackin' is an album by saxophonist Eddie Lockjaw Davis recorded in 1962 for the Prestige label.
 The album Black Book is the soundtrack of the film Black Book (2006). The album was supposed to be released on 29 September 2006 by Warner but this was rescheduled. The first release was on 2 October 2006 by Milan Records.The album contains 23 tracks. The first four tracks songs from the 1930s and 1940s are sung by actress Carice van Houten. In the film Black Book she plays Rachel Stein a singer from Berlin. The first of these four songs is in English and the other three are in German.
 The Collection is a compilation album by Irish group Clannad released in 1990. It consists of their greatest hits dating back to 1972. It contains no new recordings.
 The Oncoming Storm is the second studio album by American metalcore band Unearth. It was released on June 29 2004 through Metal Blade Records.The album entered the Billboard album charts at number 105 selling 13285 copies. The album has gone on to sell in excess of 160000 copies in the US.The album was produced by Killswitch Engage guitarist Adam Dutkiewicz and was their first major release through Metal Blade Records.
 The Splinter Shards the Birth of Separation is the second full length release by rock band Zao released on Tooth & Nail Records on April 1 1997.This album was considered to be Zao's last hardcore album after it the band moved towards a more metalcore sound. Many of the tracks (such as Exchange Endure and In Loving Kindness) are re-arranged and re-recorded versions of songs from the band's previous album All Else Failed.
 Alex Campbell and his Friends is an album by Alex Campbell with: Sandy Denny Johnny Silvo and the Johnny Silvo Folk Group featuring Roger Evans and David Moses Paul McNeill and Cliff Aungier.This March 1967 recording is the first release that Sandy Denny is featured on.
 Absolutely Live is a live album released by the band Toto in 1993 with new vocalists Jenney Douglas-McRae John James and Donna McDaniel. Initially released in 1993 the album has been subsequently re-released in 1999 on Sony International.
 Aviv Geffen is the debut English-language studio album by Israeli post-punk singer-songwriter Aviv Geffen released on October 19 2009 in the UK.
 Heart of Darkness is sixth studio album by Grave Digger. They showed a much darker and more aggressive sound with this release than any of their previous albums. All of the songs have dark lyrical concepts such as hate darkness death shadows betrayal etc.Titletrack is inspired by film Apocalypse Now.
 Turbo is the fifth album by the ska/soul band The Pietasters. It was released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).
 Polka Party with Brave Combo: Live and Wild! is an album by the American polka band Brave Combo released through Easydisc on April 7 1998. In 1999 the album was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Polka Album. The album was recorded live at Sons of Hermann Hall in Dallas Texas on September 26 1997 and at Rick's Place in Denton Texas on September 27 1997. This was the second Grammy-nominated album by the Denton Texas based band.
 Time for the Show is the second studio album by Christian pop recording artist Kerrie Roberts which was released on April 2 2013 on the Reunion Records label and was produced by David Garcia and Rob Graves. However the albums original release date was planned for July 10 2012 but got pushed back to the April 2013 date.
 Love Poke Here is the second album of the Texas noise rock band Ed Hall released in 1990 through Boner Records.
 Funk This is the eleventh studio album by American R&B singer-songwriter Chaka Khan. The album was released September 25 2007 on Burgundy Records and received two Grammy Awards. The album was engineered by Voytek Kochanek of Atlantis Studios.The AA-side singles Disrespectful (featuring Mary J. Blige) and Angel were released to radio and made digitally available on iTunes in advance of the album release.
 Opening Remarks is a 1978 studio album by jazz guitarist Ted Dunbar recorded for Xanadu Records.
 Natural Babe Killers is a compilation album recorded by Babes in Toyland. The album consists of alternate versions of previously released tracks as well various previously unreleased material. It was released by Recall Records.
 Sviđa mi se da ti ne bude prijatno (I like when you feel uncomfortable) is the debut album by the Serbian alternative rock band Disciplina Kičme released by the Slovenian record label Helidon in 1983. A remastered version of the album was rereleased on CD on the compilation album Ove ruke nisu male... 1 in 2000.
 Hi-Fi is a compilation album released by Compulsion in 1995.
 Me Time is the debut EP by country singer Lisa Matassa released on March 31 2011.
 Virtual Control is the third solo album by video game music composer Frank Klepacki released in 2005 and featuring ten songs.
 Besterberg: The Best of Paul Westerberg is a compilation album of recordings by Paul Westerberg.Included are singles two out-takes from Eventually B-sides and soundtrack contributions.
 Don't Fear the Reaper: The Best of Blue Öyster Cult is a compilation album by the hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult. The album was released in 2000 and features songs from the band's 1972 debut album up through The Revölution by Night which was released in 1983.
 Underneath the Rainbow is the seventh studio album by American indie rock band Black Lips released on March 17 2014.
 In Response is the final studio album by Philadelphia post-hardcore band This Day Forward.
 Rainwater Cassette Exchange is an extended-play by Atlanta-based indie rock band Deerhunter. Much like their previous effort it was recorded at Rare Book Room Studios in Brooklyn with producer Nicolas Verhes. It became available for download on May 18 2009 and June 8 for CD and Vinyl. The EP was distributed by Kranky Records in the US while 4AD handled overseas distribution. The title track became available for download on April 17.
 For other uses see Lost Boys (disambiguation)Lost Boy is the second full length album by American metalcore band MyChildren MyBride. It was released on June 8 2010 through Solid State Records. The album was recorded at Glow in the Dark Studios in Atlanta Georgia and produced by Matt Goldman.
 Osee Yee is a studio album by Ghanaian Afro-pop band Osibisa released in 2009 by Golden Stool Records – GSTOCD 002. It includes a nice rendition of George Harrison's song My Sweet Lord that's given an Osibisa funk spin. The back cover calls this an Osibisa Generation Four album.
 Van Zant II is an album released by American musical duo Van Zant. It was released in 2001 by Sanctuary Records. The single Get What You Got Comin' achieved chart success.This album has been released with the Copy Control protection system in some regions.
 Change is the first studio outing by Ray Wilson in 5 years. He started to gain success after a series of sold-out gigs during the 2001 Edinburgh Festival. The album achieved a new form of success and did a series of tour dates throughout Europe.
 Cockadoodledon't is an LP released by Th' Legendary Shack Shakers on April 22 2003.
 Taking Back The Night Life is the second full-length album by the Canadian straight edge Hardcore Punk band Liferuiner and also their first album on Uprising Records.In early April 2008 the pre-production demo tracks of the entire album were released on multiple P2P clients. The band stated in an April 19th blog that this leaked version was not the complete album and they had yet to mix master and rearrange some of the tracks.
 Your Choice Live Series Vol. 12 is an album by The Melvins which was released in 1991 through Your Choice Records. Recorded live January 23 1991 at Oberhaus in Alzey Germany. The band also performed the song It's Shoved that was left off this album and appears on the It's Your Choice compilation.Tanked is an early live version of the song Wispy that appears on the Eggnog EP.
 Friends (stylized FRIENDS) is the debut album by Japanese idol artist Erina Mano.
 Devour is the second solo album from Dave Hause of The Loved Ones. It is scheduled to be released on October 8 2013 by Rise Records.The album was recorded at Grandmaster Recorders from mid-February to mid-March of 2013. Musicians include bassist Bob Thomson of Big Drill Car drummer David Hidalgo Jr. of Social Distortion and keyboardist Bo Koster of My Morning Jacket.
 I Wasn't Born Yesterday is the second album by singer Sa-Fire. It was released in 1991. The song I Never Heard is the same Michael Jackson song which Sony released on October 12 2009 as the single This Is It. The song was written in 1983 by Jackson/Paul Anka.
 Pearl Days is the fifth studio-album by Italian singer Elisa. The album was released on October 15 2004 and debuted at number two on the Italian album chart.Pearl Days is a rock album that echoes Elisa's debut album Pipes & Flowers.The album went double platinum in Italy.The first single from the album was Together followed by The Waves.The latest single was the hit Una poesia anche per te (Life Goes On).
 Out. Anthems 4 is a dance compilation album from Ultra Records released as part of the label's Out.Anthems series. It was released on July 28 2009 and mixed by longtime club DJ Ricardo!. The series is notable for being the first gay-themed musical compilation.
 The Door Behind is the 38th release by avant-folk/blues singer/songwriter Jandek released by his own Corwood Industries label (#0776). It was his third release of 2004 and came out on the heels of his debut live performance in Scotland on October 17 2004.
 Dry Cleaning Ray is a mini-album released by British Art rock band No-Man. It was intended to be a companion release to Wild Opera album compiling reinterpretations and original songs stemming from the Wild Opera sessions.
 Slow Train through Georgia is a compilation album of American guitarist Norman Blake released in 1987. It contains songs from Blake's releases in the 1970s.
 Interiors is a compilation album released on CD format on the Sentrax label via Invisible. This compilation is notable for featuring exclusive songs by notable artists. It also includes the only song by the Drew McDowall project Screwtape.
 Insult To Injury is the sixth studio album by British band The Nightingales. The mini-album was recorded in March 2008 at the Faust Studio Scheer Germany.
 Buffett Live - Tuesdays Thursdays Saturdays is a live album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett. It was released on November 9 1999. The album's material was culled from several concerts during the Don't Stop That Carnival Tour (1998) and Beach House on the Moon Tour (1999). It was the first live album by Buffett since Feeding Frenzy was released in October 1990 and Mailboat Records' debut release.
 So Long See You Tomorrow is the fourth album by the London alternative rock band Bombay Bicycle Club released on 3 February 2014. Similar to the electronica approach of their 2011 album A Different Kind of Fix the album makes use of sampling and takes influences from world music marking a shift from their previous albums. It features Lucy Rose and Rae Morris on guest vocals.
 Certified Crunk is a compilation by Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz.
 Blood Inside is the sixth full-length album by the Norwegian experimental band Ulver. It was recorded in early 2004. A video for It Is Not Sound was filmed by Acoustic Kung Fu Films! in mid-2004 (viewable here) which pushed the album's release to 2005.
 Battle for the Sun is the sixth studio album by alternative rock band Placebo released in 2009 on Solitary Man Records Vagrant Records Universal Records and PIAS Recordings.
 Pins in It is the third album by New Zealand blues-rock band The Human Instinct. It was released in 1971 and was both the first album to feature bassist Neil Edwards (formerly of the Underdogs) and the last to feature Billy TK on guitar. TK's departure signalled the end of the band's hard rock era.The album was reissued on CD in 2001 by Ascension Records with four bonus tracks of alternative versions.
 Restless and Wild is the fourth studio album by German heavy metal band Accept released in 1982 in Continental Europe and in 1983 in the US and UK. It was the first Accept album to not be recorded at Delta-Studio the band moving to Dieter Dierks' studio in Stommeln. It is also the first Accept album in which Udo Dirkschneider sings every track as well as the first in which manager Gaby Hauke (Deaffy) gains credits for songwriting.
 First Come First Served is the third studio album by American emcee Keith Thornton better known as Kool Keith. Released in 1999 it is his first release under the alias Dr. Dooom.
 Randy Rogers Band is the sixth album released by the Randy Rogers Band an American country music group. This is their second album on a major label. In My Arms Instead was the first single released from the album; it entered the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart at #58.[citation needed]
 Exile is the second studio album by English synthpop duo Hurts released on 8 March 2013 by Major Label. The album was produced by Hurts along with Jonas Quant—with whom the duo worked on their debut album Happiness (2010)—and Dan Grech-Marguerat. Miracle was released on 11 January 2013 as the lead single from the album followed by Blind on 10 May 2013 and Somebody to Die For on 19 July 2013.
 Vanguard Visionaries is a compilation album by American folk singer Odetta released in 2007.It is a short compilation (10 songs) and contains recordings from the Vanguard Records years. To celebrate their 60th anniversary Vanguard had released a series of artist samplers called Vanguard Visionaries from the 1960s and early-'70s era. All the songs are available on other compilations.
 Ear X-tacy is a 1994 album by instrumental rock solo artist Andy Timmons.
 Evanescence is the debut studio album by American jazz composer Maria Schneider. The album was released in 1994 through Enja and was nominated for two 1995 Grammy Awards.
 Pass the Flask is the first full album released by the hardcore punk band The Bled. Track 2 was originally labeled Dale Earnhardt's Seatbelt but was changed for legal reasons. It is still listed as Dale Earnhardt's Seatbelt on the inside of the album booklet.
 Knowing is Half the Hassle is the second album released by rapper mc chris. It was released in 2003. The cover features Hexagram 63 from the I Ching. It was likely used because it is the symbol employed by Storm Shadow of G.I. Joe fame (to which the title of the album is a reference).
 The Best of C. W. McCall is a greatest hits album released by country musician C. W. McCall on the PSM label in 1997 (see 1997 in music). As with all best of releases from McCall the album contains the wildly popular song Convoy as well as eleven others. The cover is almost identical to that of McCall's second album Black Bear Road.
 When I Was a Kid (1971) is an album by Bill Cosby recorded at the Westbury Music Fair. The cover is an early appearance of Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids.
 Here There and Anymore is the third full-length album by Greg Connors released on April 24 2006. It was his first major release on Atlanta independent record label Scared Records. The album was produced by renowned artist Joseph Arthur after Greg had sent him a cassette demo of his latest songs.Greg had known Joseph for many years having met in Atlanta when he worked at a local music store.
 The Best of Bread Volume 2 is a 1974 compilation album by the band Bread.
 Vampire is the second full-length album of the Japanese rock band 9mm Parabellum Bullet released on October 10 2008.
 Fishbone and the Familyhood Nextperience Present: The Friendliest Psychosis of All is a three-song EP released by alternative rock band Fishbone in 2002. It features original outtakes from their 2000 album Fishbone and the Familyhood Nextperience Present: The Psychotic Friends Nuttwerx[citation needed] with cameos from funk pioneer George Clinton Primus bass guitarist Les Claypool and comedic singer Blowfly.The final track is a 21-minute spoken word jam led by saxophonist Angelo Moore.
 All Systems Go is the second and last studio album by Vinnie Vincent Invasion released on May 17 1988. All Systems Go featured new vocalist Mark Slaughter who replaced Robert Fleischman. The band toured in support for the album headlining small clubs but broke up after the completion of the tour at the end of August 1988. The album features Yngwie Malmsteen's vocalist Jeff Scott Soto on backing vocals.
 Deep Space is an EP of the band Eisley released on February 14 2012 on Equal Vision Records. Originally the EP was going to contain a few b-sides from The Valley but the band ultimately decided to record mostly new songs and changed the way of the EP as an anticipation of their fourth full-length album. The song 192 Days had previously been released in demo form on the band's EP Fire Kite in 2009.
 Rise of the Infidels is the third and final album by crossover thrash band Stormtroopers of Death. The album was released in August 2007 on the Nuclear Blast label. The album is described as an extended EP with a running time close to an hour. According to singer Milano the album will finally be the last of S.O.D..The EP contains four new tracks: Stand Up and Fight Java Amigo United and Strong and Ready to Fight.
 Transformers: Song Universe (トランスフォーマー･ソング･ユニバース Toransufōmā Songu Yunibāsu) is a five disc compilation soundtrack box set from the Transformers franchise. It was released by Columbia Music Entertainment inc. on August 8 2007 in Japan only.
 From... Another Time & Place is an album by folk singer and guitarist Dave Van Ronk released in 1995.The Allmusic Guide review states it is not a re-issue but the Dave Van Ronk discography states it is a re-issue of Dave Van Ronk in Rome. The track list is the same.Van Ronk received a Grammy nomination for From... Another Time & Place at the Grammy Awards of 1996 in the Traditional Folk Album category.
 Hombre sintetizador is the second album released by Mexican Avanzada Regia rock band Zurdok. They left behind the heavy sounds of Antena to a more experimental tunes adding classical instruments and folk sounds. It is considered one of the best albums of rock en español of all-time and made Zurdok into one of the most popular Mexican bands of the ends of the 1990s. Four official singles were released alongside the record: Abre los ojos Si me advertí Cuantos pasos and Luna.
 Enemy of the Enemy is an album by British band Asian Dub Foundation released on 3 February 2003
 Purge is the fourth album by singer/songwriter Bif Naked released in 2001. (see 2001 in music). In 2002 the song Dawn was featured in the movie American Psycho 2 starring Mila Kunis and William Shatner.
 Easy (also released as Last Session) is the final album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1978 a few months before his death and released on the Versatile label.
 Goodbye Cruel World was Elvis Costello's ninth album overall and the eighth with his backing band The Attractions. It was released in 1984 by F-Beat Records in the UK and Columbia in the US.
 Shock of Daylight is an EP by English post-punk band The Sound released in 1984 through Statik Records. The EP was seen by critics as a comeback for the band after the band's critically and commercially disappointing previous album 1982's All Fall Down
 Love Notes/Letter Bombs is the third full length studio album by indie pop band The Submarines. It was released on April 5 2011.
 Nic nikomu o niczym is an album released by Polish punk rock band Karcer in 2002.
 Chic-Ism is the eighth studio album by American R&B band Chic released on the WEA label in 1992. It is the final Chic album of original material.The album includes singles Chic Mystique (#1 US Club Play #48 R&B) and Your Love (#3 US Club Play).
 The Sound of Last Night... This Morning is a live compilation album by Ben Folds.
 In Light Syrup is an album of B-sides and rare tracks by Toad the Wet Sprocket released in 1995. In Light Syrup was RIAA Certified Gold on June 4 2001.
 Lifeless was the first EP by Eighteen Visions following their initial demo (released under the name Macabre). It was released on Life Sentence Records while the label was still based in California on an initial press of 1000 copies.Three of the songs originally appeared on the Macabre demo (Mental Repression Patricide and Slipping Through the Hands of God although the first and later under different names).
 Debacle: The First Decade is a compilation released by Violent Femmes in 1990.
 Country Songs Old and New is the debut album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen recorded in 1960 and reissued in 1991.
 Shade Business is the debut album by PMD. it was released in September 27 1994 by RCA Records. guest appearances by Das EFX 3rd Eye Top Quality and Zone 7. with production by PMD DJ Scratch DJ Mark the 45 King and Jesse West.
 Book of Bad Breaks is the third album from American indie rock band Thee More Shallows. It is their first release under the independent record label Anticon.
 Burn and Shiver is the third release by Azure Ray (and second full length album) released by WARM in 2002.
 Folarin is the eighth mixtape by American rapper Wale it was released on December 24 2012. The mixtape features guest appearances from Rick Ross 2 Chainz Tiara Thomas Scarface Nipsey Hussle French Montana Chinx Drugz Jhené Aiko Travis Porter Trinidad James Hit-Boy and Chrisette Michele among others.
 Khyapar Gaan (Songs of the loony) was the last album of the Bangla band Moheener Ghoraguli. It was released in 1999. Their song Tai Janai Gaaney (Bhalobashi Tomay) is based on (both in terms of lyrics and tune) the Jim Croce song I'll Have To Say I Love You In A Song.
 Caifanes: La Historia is a compilation album by Mexican Rock band Caifanes released almost two years after their sudden breakup. Singles from 1987 to 1996 including two previously unedited live recordings are included in this 24-track album. Disc 1 contains singles from 1987 to 1990; disc 2 contains singles from 1992 to 1996.
 The Show is the soundtrack to the 1995 film of the same name. The soundtrack was distributed by Def Jam.
 Dancing Diva (traditional Chinese: 舞孃; simplified Chinese: 舞娘; pinyin: Wǔ Níang) is Taiwanese artist Jolin Tsai's (Chinese: 蔡依林) eighth studio album. It was released on 12 May 2006 by EMI Music Taiwan. This is the first album of Jolin's since moving from Sony Music Taiwan to EMI Music Taiwan. A second edition Dancing Diva (Perfect Celebration Edition) was released on 7 July 2006. It includes a bonus DVD with music videos for all the songs on the album.
 Welcome to the Show is the debut album from the Danish band Evil Masquerade.
 …Nothing Like the Sun is the second solo album by British musician Sting. The title comes from Shakespeare's Sonnet #130 (My mistress' eyes are nothing like the sun) which Sting used in the song Sister Moon.
 No Doy is the first commercial release by the American jam band moe. through a major label Sony Music Entertainment.
 Songs of Anarchy: Music from Sons of Anarchy Seasons 1–4 is a soundtrack album featuring music from FX television program Sons of Anarchy. The album consists of songs recorded for the show as well as those previously released through a number of EPs; Sons of Anarchy: North Country (2009) Sons of Anarchy: Shelter (2009) and Sons of Anarchy: The King is Gone (2010).
 Fans of Boca Juniors are called Xeneizes.Xeneizes is an album by the Icelandic hip-hop group Quarashi released on October 25 1999 in Iceland (see 1999 in music). Like Quarashi's self titled debut album Xeneizes was a hit in Quarashi's homeland topping the Icelandic album charts.
 Sin City is the second full-length album by American industrial rock band Genitorturers.
 Live: In The Clubs In Your Face is a 1993 EP by British hard rock band Def Leppard containing live tracks played in Bonn Germany on 29 May 1992. The title of the EP is a play on the band's live video release Live: In the Round in Your Face.
 Kill Kill Kill is the debut 7 EP by Anti-Flag. They had released a couple of splits before this and had appeared on a compilation or two but this was their first solo release. It was recorded and released around 1995 and is now long out-of-print. Most of the songs can be found on their first full-length Die for the Government.
 Let It Go is the fourth album from original Pop Idol winner Will Young. The album was released on 29 September 2008. It is Will Young's first album in 3 years since the release of Keep On in late 2005. The album has now sold over 400000 copies certified platinum.The first single released from the album was Changes which was released on September 15 2008 in the UK and peaked at #10 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Chronicles: Death Row Classics is a Dr. Dre greatest hits album released by Death Row Records on June 27 2006. This is the follow-up of the album Chronicle: Best of the Works (2002). While Chronicle: Best of the Work was originally released by Death Row UK and thus not officially a Death Row album this is an official Death Row release. Some of the songs from Dr. Dre's 1992 album The Chronic that were not included on Chronicle: Best of the Work are on this album.
 Angle is an album by English jazz pianist Howard Riley which was released on CBS in 1969 as part of their Realm Jazz Series and reissued on CD by Columbia in 1999. It features his working trio of that period with bassist Barry Guy and drummer Alan Jackson. The fully notated Three Fragments is a flute-piano duet with Barbara Thompson.
 Buzz Factory was the 4th full length album by Seattle band Screaming Trees and their final record released through SST Records released in 1989. The LP was also available on translucent purple vinyl. Their next recording the Change Has Come EP was released in 1990 on the Sub Pop label.
 Ayumi Hamasaki A 50 Singles: Live Selection is 27th live DVD by Ayumi Hamasaki released on April 20 2011. It is the compilation of her 50 best live performances selected from each of her singles from her 1st single Poker Face to her 50th single L. It was released on the same day with Ayumi Hamasaki Rock 'n' Roll Circus Tour Final: 7 Days Special. It was originally scheduled to be released at March 30 but was pushed back till April 20 due to the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami.
 Shove It is the first album released by The Cross founded by Queen drummer Roger Taylor. This album contains a mix of rock with dance influences.
 The Sound of Regret is the debut album by the Alabama based alternative metal/alternative rock music group Amity Lane. The album was released on October 31 2006 via Corporate Punishment Records. The band is notable for featuring two members from Trust Company in vocalist Kevin Palmer and original bassist Josh Moates along with new members Layla Palmer and Jason Rash
 Randy (subtitled Băp!! Beep Boo-Bee Băp Beep-M-Boo Bee Băp!) is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1963 and originally released on Weston's own label Bakton. The album was later reissued in 1972 on the Atlantic label under the title African Cookbook.
 Never Mind the Molluscs is a compilation EP released in 1993 on Sub Pop Records. Released as part of the Halifax Pop Explosion movement of the early 1990s the EP featured four songs by emerging alternative rock bands from Halifax Nova Scotia and Moncton New Brunswick. Two of the featured bands Jale and Eric's Trip were signed directly to Sub Pop while Sloan were signed to Geffen Records.Eric's Trip contributed a medley of two separate songs Blue Sky for Julie/Smother to the album.
 Legendary Grape is an album by Moby Grape released by Dig Music in 2003.
 A Boy Named Goo is the fifth studio album by American rock band Goo Goo Dolls released in 1995 on Warner Bros.. A commercial success it has been RIAA certified as double-platinum.
 Redwood is an album by Lúnasa that was released in 2003 on Green Linnet Records. It was their fourth major release and their last album on Green Linnet Records.
 Pike 18 is the forty-eighth studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the eighteenth installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series.The album was announced on July 2 as a limited edition untitled album with hand drawn covers and signed by Buckethead himself and expected to be released on July 24. However there was a slight delay and the album was finally released on July 29. A standard edition was announced but has not yet been released.
 Wormwood Live is a live album by the Residents. Recorded in Germany it features the full live performance of songs from their album Wormwood: Curious Stories from the Bible. Studio versions of the live performances were later released as Roadworms: The Berlin Sessions. This live album was released by Ralph America in a limited edition of 1200 copies.
 Primitive Plus is the 'official' debut album of American hip hop artist Edan released on March 19 2002 on Lewis Recordings. The album includes frequent references to some of the hip-hop 'greats' such as Big Daddy Kane Rakim KRS-One and Kool G. Rap. The song Ultra '88 being a tribute to Hip-Hop group Ultramagnetic MC's and the song Rapperfection being created from a line featured on a song by Kool G. Rap.
 Messages: Greatest Hits is a compilation release by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (OMD) issued in 2008. To date it is the most comprehensive of the band's retrospective packages featuring a CD of 20 charting singles and a DVD of all the band's music videos. Material is drawn from the group's recording career from 1979 to their first disbandment in 1996.It is the first time that all of the band's music videos have been released on DVD.
 Night Electric Night is the third album by Swedish metal band Deathstars. It was released on January 30 2009 by Nuclear Blast. The album was initially recorded under the working title Deathglam. The album's first single Death Dies Hard made its airplay debut on Stockholm Sweden's Bandit Rock 106.3FM. Deathstars have now also put the song Night Electric Night on their Myspace page.
 One by One is the fourth studio album by alternative rock band Foo Fighters released on October 22 2002 by RCA. The album is the first to feature guitarist Chris Shiflett. Production on the album was troubled with initial recording sessions considered unsatisfying and raising tensions between the band members. They eventually decided to redo the album from scratch during a two-week period at frontman Dave Grohl's home studio in Alexandria Virginia.
 Live at the Lower Manhattan Ocean Club is a live album by David Murray. It was originally released as two volumes on the India Navigation label in 1978 and re-released in 1989 on a single CD (with a slightly edited final track). It features a live performance by Murray Lester Bowie Fred Hopkins and Phillip Wilson recorded in concert at the Lower Manhattan Ocean Club NYC.
 20th Anniversary is The Rippingtons' fourteenth album which was released in 2006.
 The Hits Of Baccara is a compilation album by Spanish duo Baccara released on RCA-Victor in late 1978.
 Brand New Day is an album by the band Blood Sweat & Tears released in 1977. This was the band's tenth studio album and their first and only release for ABC Records. Brand New Day was produced by Roy Halee and former BS&T drummer Bobby Colomby. Colomby and Halee had also co-produced the group's fourth album Blood Sweat & Tears 4 in 1971.
 Flow is the fourth full-length album by the Norwegian power metal/progressive metal band Conception. Flow was released on April 1 1997 by Noise Records.
 Broadcasting from Home is the fourth album by the Penguin Cafe Orchestra and was released in 1984 on E.G. Records. The opening song was named after PCO leader Simon Jeffes found a discarded harmonium in an alleyway in Japan.The original vinyl record was pressed by Virgin/Polydor from a damaged master and had a distinctive click on the first track. Virgin/Polydor wouldn't pay to restore this and fans therefore had to wait until the CD's release to hear the undamaged track.
 Volüm Fyra is the eighth studio album and the thirteenth album overall by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem. The Swedish version was released by Fruit Records and MEP in 1997. The English version (renamed R.A.D.) was released in 1998 by Jerusalem Music in the United States and Alliance Music in the UK and Europe.
 The Rope is the debut album by the Darkwave artist Black Tape for a Blue Girl. It was released on vinyl in 1986 by Projekt Records. Later cassette and CD versions were released.
 No Guts. No Glory. is the second studio album by the Australian hard rock band Airbourne and the follow-up to their 2007 debut Runnin' Wild. The album was released on 8 March 2010 in Europe Canada Japan and Australia and on 20 April 2010 in the US.The first single from the record was No Way But The Hard Way and was made available on iTunes on 9 February 2010.
 Film Bug I is the second music video by The Gazette featuring music video from 2005 to 2006 like Reila Cockroach Cassis Shadow VI II I Silly God Disco and Taion.
 The Early Years is a DJ Danger Mouse LP with the following tracks: Nas vs Portishead - It Ain't Hard To Tell Audio Two vs Air - Top Billin Suzanne Vega vs 50 Cent - Tom's Diner Outkast vs Funkadelic - Whole World Xzibit vs Radiohead - Paparazzi
 Battle's Clarion is the second full-length studio release from Texan black metal band Averse Sefira. Originally released by Lost Disciple in 2001 it was picked up and reissued by Candlelight in 2007 (Candelight being their label now).
 Blood & Ashes is the debut album from hip hop duo OuterSpace released on July 17 2004 by Babygrande Records. The Album features collaborations by Jedi Mind Tricks member Vinnie Paz Immortal Technique Sadat X from Brand Nubian and fellow A.O.T.P. members 7L & Esoteric Celph Titled Des Devious & King Syze.
 Asian Dreamer is the twenty-seventh studio album released by the jazz fusion group Casiopea in 1994.
 Kicking Against the Pricks is the third album released by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. First released in 1986 the album is a collection of cover versions.
 Breathe is an album recorded by Keller Williams with The String Cheese Incident collectively known as the Keller Williams Incident.
 Navidad is the Spanish Christmas album by Christian pop singer Jaci Velasquez and is essentially a Spanish version of her previous album Christmas.
 Age of Reason is a studio album by Australian pop singer John Farnham. It was released in Australia on 25 July 1988 and debuted at No. 1 on the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) Albums Chart in August and remained on top for eight weeks. It was the follow-up to his previous No. 1 album Whispering Jack and was the highest selling album in Australia in 1988. As of 1997 it was 8x platinum indicating sales of over 0.56 million units.
 Wide-Eyed and Mystified is the third official album release by Christian rock band Downhere. It is the 1st official album release through Centricity Music to which the band was signed in 2005.
 Imaginary Diseases is an album of material by Frank Zappa from the Petit Wazoo tour of 1972. It is one of two finished CD projects from the tour containing material mastered by Zappa before his death.
 All The Love is an album by the American vocalist pianist and songwriter Oleta Adams and was released in 2001.
 Washing Machine is the ninth studio album by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth. It was released on September 26 1995 through record label DGC.
 House Tornado is a 1988 album by Throwing Muses. Produced by Gary Smith and Engineered by Paul Kolderie it was recorded at Fort Apache Studios in Cambridge MA. The album was released internationally on the 4AD label except in the United States where it was released by Sire Records.
 Hymn and Her is the name of the sixth album by the band Earlimart. It was announced in March by Aaron Espinoza and was released in the US on July 1 2008 via Major Domo Records and Shout! Factory and a day later in Japan via Youth Records. Hymn and Her marks where Earlimart now consists of just the duo of Aaron Espinoza and Ariana Murray and also is the duo's second album in under a year following on from August 2007's Mentor Tormentor.
 Human Hurricane is one of many compilations that Pentagram have released that feature the band's 1970s-era material. The compilation was released by Downtime Records in 1998 and is now hard to find. An LP version retitled If the Winds Would Change and featuring tracks 2 3 4 6 8 9 10 12 15 and 17 was released in 2011 via High Roller Records.
 Crime Buddies is the third album performed by rap group Steady Mobb'n. It was released on August 7 2001 through Bomb Shelter / Colcash Records / Power Recordings and was produced by DJ Daryl.
 Alex Taylor With Friends and Neighbors is the debut album by Alex Taylor brother of James Livingston and Kate Taylor. The album was recorded in Macon Georgia at Capricorn Studios. The standout tracks are brother James' Highway Song It's All Over Now and Gregg Allman's Southbound.
 Instruktsiya po vyzhivaniyu (Russian: Инструкция по выживанию Instructions for Survival) is the 17th album by the Russian punk band Grazhdanskaya Oborona released in 1990. It was their final album before their break up a week later (they played their final concert in Tallinn on the 13th of April 9 days after the album was mixed) but they reformed in 1993.The album's songs are covers of songs by the band Instruktsiya po Vyzhivaniyu. The songs were written between 1986 and 1989.
 The Time Has Come is the debut album by Martina McBride released in 1992. The album rose to the #49 position on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. It includes the singles The Time Has Come Cheap Whiskey and That's Me all of which charted on the Billboard country charts. The Time Has Come was the highest-peaking of the three reaching #23. When You Are Old was later recorded by Gretchen Peters on her 1996 album The Secret of Life.
 After the Morning After is the second solo EP of singer/songwriter Todd Carey. It was released in the US on June 14 2010.
 The Hits Album is a compilation album released by BMG CBS and WEA in December 1988 and is the ninth volume of the long-running Hits compilation series. It charted on December 17. Unusually this Hits album was released without the chronological '9' anywhere on the album's artwork or advertising and this could be considered a re-launch of the four-year-old series.
 Meridional is the fifth studio album by American metalcore band Norma Jean. The album was released on July 12 2010 and is also the band's first release through Razor & Tie since leaving Solid State Records in 2009. After recording their two previous studio albums The Anti Mother and Redeemer with producer Ross Robinson Norma Jean selected Jeremy Griffith to produce Meridional in order to expand their sound.
 U tvojim molitvama – Balade (trans. In Your Prayers - Ballads) is the first live album by Serbian and former Yugoslav singer-songwriter Đorđe Balašević. Recorded during Balašević's concert in Zetra (Sarajevo November 1986) Ledena dvorana (Zagreb November 1986) Sava Centar (Belgrade December 1986) Studio M (Novi Sad May 1987) and Šalata (Zagreb July 1987) the album features live versions of Balašević's ballads.
 Darling is a promotional EP by Australian singer Kylie Minogue. It was given out free at the launch of Minogue's perfume of the same name at Harrods on 9 February 2007. It features two album tracks and three lives track from her 2005 Showgirl: The Greatest Hits Tour.
 Echoes is an album by American jazz group the Modern Jazz Quartet featuring performances recorded in 1984 and released on the Pablo label.
 Pecado Original (English Original Sin) is the 3rd studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel. It was released on April 24 1987. Once again she participated in the OTI Festival this time in Lisbon with the song Ay Amor (Oh Love) which she achieved the 3rd place.
 Totality is the sixth album by American progressive rock band The Flyin' Ryan Brothers released on June 13 2008.
 Every Day and Every Night is the third record and the first EP by Nebraskan indie rock band Bright Eyes. It became the 30th release by Saddle Creek Records on November 1 1999.Conor Oberst references this album art in another of his songs Waste of Paint from the album Lifted or The Story Is in the Soil Keep Your Ear to the Ground.
 Scandinavian Assault is an EP by British thrash metal band Venom and is the next to last EP in the Assault series (followed by German Assault).
 A Rock in the Weary Land was an album released in 2000 (see 2000 in music) by The Waterboys. It was their first album after a seven-year break. The album cover photography is by Steve Gullick. Critic John Mulvey writing for NME describes the album as largely excellent except for We Are Jonah which he describes as appallingly cheery Christian rock.
 The Sexuality of Bereavement is an EP by death/doom metal band My Dying Bride. This EP was only available to the Peaceville Collectors Club Series members. The Collectors Club was eventually disbanded because it had too few members. After this point the band discontinued production of EPs up until 2006.The Sexuality of Bereavement was originally recorded for the Turn Loose the Swans but was not included in the final track listing.
 Unholy Cult is the fifth album by Immolation. It was released on Listenable Records in 2002. It is the band's last album to feature Alex Hernandez behind the drum kit.
 Diatribes is the sixth album by Napalm Death originally released in 1996 on Earache Records. This album was their final UK album chart entry peaking at number 73.
 Estrella de mar (English: Starfish) is the third studio album by the Spanish folk rock group Amaral released in Spain during 2002. Led by the first single and #1 hit Sin Ti No Soy Nada Estrella de Mar became the duo's breakthrough album selling more than 1 million copies in Spain alone. Te necesito Moriría por vos (based upon the film Leaving Las Vegas) Salir corriendo and Toda la noche en la calle were very successful singles in Spain all four reaching number one.
 Communion is the third album by American jazz trumpeter Roy Campbell and the debut recording with his Pyramid Trio with bassist William Parker and Reggie Nicholson replacing original drummer Zen Matsuura. The album was recorded in 1994 and released on the Swedish Silkheart label. Roy pays tribute to avant-garde jazz musicians Don Cherry Hannibal Marvin Peterson and brothers Don & Albert Ayler.
 We Want More is the sixth live album by the jazz fusion group Casiopea recorded and released in 1992. This is also Casiopea's 23rd overall album.
 Be Brave is the second album by the band The Strange Boys. It was released via In The Red Records.
 Cuttin' Capers is a Doris Day album issued by Columbia Records as catalog # CL-1232 in monaural and CS-8078 in stereo on March 9 1959. The album was combined with Day's 1961 album Bright and Shiny on a compact disc issued on November 13 2001 by Collectables Records.
 Soulfly is the debut studio album by metal band Soulfly released on April 21 1998 through Roadrunner Records. The record was released in memory of frontman Max Cavalera's murdered stepson and the first album featuring Cavalera since leaving Sepultura two years prior. Both CDs have the message In Loving Memory Dana printed across them. The album has been certified gold by the RIAA.
 Heretic Pride is the 11th studio album by the Mountain Goats released on February 19 2008 by 4AD their sixth album on the label. It is the first to feature the band's current lineup of John Darnielle Peter Hughes and Jon Wurster. The album was produced by Scott Solter and John Vanderslice.
 Metamorpheus is Steve Hackett's classical album. This is the successor to A Midsummer Nights Dream. Metamorpheus is an expression on Orpheus and his passage through the Underworld.
 Couldn’t Be Hotter is a live album released by The Manhattan Transfer in 2004 on the Telarc label. This is their third all-live album with Cheryl Bentyne. It was recorded during a tour of Japan over two nights at Orchestra Hall in Tokyo.
 Salma ya salama is a studio album released by Dalida in March 1977 in France Belgium Switzerland Germany Egypt and other countries. The album was very successful and over two million copies were sold worldwide.[citation needed] To promote the album Dalida gave several live performances in Europe the Middle East and in the Arab world. The tour was very successful as well.[citation needed]
 Chris Botti In Boston is a live album by American jazz trumpeter Chris Botti which was released on CD/DVD on March 31 2009 through Decca Music Group a division of Universal Music Group.The album was certified platinum in the U.S. and diamond in Poland. It was nominated for 2010 Grammy Award in categories Best Pop Instrumental Album and Best Long Form Music Video while Emmanuel received a nomination for Best Instrumental Arrangement.
 The Very Best of Electric Light Orchestra is a compilation album by the Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) released in 1994. It peaked at number four on the UK Albums Chart.
 The Way Sound Leaves a Room is the second EP and third release by Texas musician Sarah Jaffe. The EP consists of eight songs recorded in Jaffe's home in Denton Texas. Two songs are covers one is a different version of a song from her first album Suburban Nature one is an outro version of a song from her debut and the remaining four are demo versions of songs that might appear on her second full-length album.
 Pleasant Dreams is the sixth studio album by the American punk rock band the Ramones released on July 20 1981 through Sire Records. While the band members wanted Steve Lillywhite to produce Sire chose Graham Gouldman in an attempt to gain popularity through a well-known recording manager. The recording process brought about many conflicts between band members most notably the strife between Joey Ramone and Johnny Ramone where Johnny began dating one of Joey's ex-girlfriends.
 Ozzfest 2001: The Second Millennium is a compilation of live recordings from Ozzfest 2001.
 The third Rabbis’ Sons album contained the only Sephardic melody they would ever record (D’ror Yikra). Harachaman would become one of the group's most popular songs. To make up for the lack of the vocal presence of Sharfman and Weinberger many songs contain overdubbed harmonies of separate vocals by Michael Zheutlin.
 The A Very Potter Musical album contains the songs from the Harry Potter parody musical A Very Potter Musical produced by StarKid Productions with music and lyrics by Darren Criss (who also starred in the musical as Harry Potter) and A.J. Holmes (who played piano in the band) and book by Matt Lang Nick Lang and Brian Holden. It was recorded by the musical's cast and was released digitally through the group's official site in 2009 and later on their Bandcamp site on July 29 2010.
 Encore is the title of a solo album released in 1995 by Elaine Paige. The album peaked at #20 on the UK Albums Chart in July 1995.It is primarily a compilation of material from earlier recordings but also includes three new recordings all taken from the musical Sunset Boulevard the London production of which Paige joined the same year.
 One Woman's Live Journey is a live album released by Olivia Newton-John in 2000. The album is a recording of Olivia's concert at the Taj Mahal Casino in Atlantic City New Jersey on August 26 and 27 1999.
 Last City is the debut studio album by the American screamo band Loma Prieta. The album was released on May 15 2008. The album features a style that lies between screamo and emo violence and has been compared to Ampere. The album was repressed on 12 vinyl and sold through Deathwish Inc. for the first time since 2008. The three trilogy tracks were continued in Loma Prieta's 2012 album I.V.
 Live at the Key Club was recorded live by Cinderella at the Key Club in Los Angeles October 2 and 3 1998. The recording was later released as Caught in the Act on Mausoleum Records in 2011 in a package with a live video recording from Detroit Michigan 1991.
 Awaiting the End is a 7 EP of some of the earlier work of the Swedish death metal band Dispatched. The album was released in 1995.
 Got Friends is the second EP from indie rock band The Jealous Sound digitally released on October 14 2008. There has not yet been a physical release.According to a blog post on The Village Voice's website The Jealous Sound broke up in 2005 and the songs on the Got Friends EP are the last shreds of material recorded before lead singer Blair Shehan went crazy and more or less disappeared.
 Précis is the debut full-length album by Portland Oregon based musician Benoit Pioulard released by Kranky on October 16 2006.
 Grim Tales is the third album by Swedish death/thrash metal band One Man Army and the Undead Quartet. It was released October 28 2008.
 Xmmer is His Name Is Alive's follow-up to 2006's Detrola released in the USA on September 18 2007. Stylistically it is very similar to its predecessor featuring a wide variety of the many styles the band had explored in the past.
 Meet the Temptations is the 1964 debut album by The Temptations for the Gordy (Motown) label. It includes most of the group's early singles excluding only the first Oh Mother of Mine and its b-side Romance Without Finance (later included on a CD reissue of the LP); as well as the single Mind Over Matter (and its b-side I'll Love You Till I Die) in which the group is credited as The Pirates.
 An Argument with Myself is an EP by Swedish indie pop recording artist Jens Lekman released 19 September 2011 on Secretly Canadian.
 Marmo is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The title is Italian for marble and the album is dedicated to Italian marble – particularly Venetian. The tracks are named after Leo Lionni's La botanica parallela (The parallel botany) a book of fantasy plants. The CD comes in a folded marbled-effect paper sleeve with gold lettering.
 A Genuine Tong Funeral is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton featuring compositions by Carla Bley recorded in 1967 and released on the RCA label.
 My Very Last Breath is the eighth installment in The Emo Diaries series of compilation albums released July 23 2002 by Deep Elm Records. As with all installments in the series the label had an open submissions policy for bands to submit material for the compilation and as a result the music does not all fit within the emo style.
 Just Like Real Life is the third and final studio album by the Christian rock band Prodigal released in 1985.The band created promotional music videos for Future Now and Jump Cut which were featured on Trinity Broadcasting Network's music video show Real Videos at the time of the album's release.
 Filthy Notes for Frozen Hearts is the seventh album by the German band Lacrimas Profundere.A video clip was released for the song Again It's Over and My Velvet Little Darkness. Again It's Over was released on its own single prior to Filthy Notes For Frozen Hearts.An acoustic version of Filthy Notes was made available for preorders from Amazon.
 No Frills is the sixth studio album by American singer Bette Midler released on Atlantic Records in 1983. No Frills was Midler's first studio album in four years following the movies The Rose Divine Madness! and the ill-fated Jinxed!.
 Dangerous Dreams is the Moving Units' 2004 debut album and their second release after their 2002 Moving Units EP.The track Between Us & Them was used in Leo Romero's opening part in Foundation's skateboarding video That's Life. The track Going for Adds was used in a 2007 commercial for Secret Anti-Perspirant Deodorant.
 The Raw & the Remix is an album by Fine Young Cannibals released in 1990. It contains remixes and alternate versions of songs from their 1989 album The Raw & the Cooked.
 Number Ones is a greatest hits album by American recording artist Michael Jackson. It was released on November 17 2003 worldwide and on November 18 2003 in the United States by Epic Records and Sony Music. Number Ones was Jackson's first proper compilation album with Sony after the release of HIStory: Past Present and Future Book I in 1995 (and after the re-release of that album as Greatest Hits: HIStory Volume I a single-CD only-hits edition in 2001).
 Stackridge is the 1971 debut album by the English group Stackridge. It was one of the first releases on the MCA Records label in the U.K. It first appeared on CD in 1997 released by Demon Records in the U.K. In 2006 it was re-issued again by Angel Air.The Stackridge sound is rather hard to categorize.
 ¡Tré! is the eleventh studio album by the American punk rock band Green Day. It is the third and final installment in the ¡Uno! ¡Dos! ¡Tré! trilogy a series of studio albums that were released from September to December 2012.
 Goin' Places is The Jacksons/Jackson 5's eleventh album.
 Thugcore 4 Life is the 4th studio album by Danny Diablo. Released on August 14 2007 on Hellcat Records and Suburban Noize Records. The album was praised by both hardcore punk fans as well as hip hop fans. This release was also the only Suburban Noize album to be distributed by Epitaph Records.[citation needed]
 The Summer of High Hopes is the tenth album by Emm Gryner released in 2006 on Dead Daisy Records.In an interview with Q Magazine Bono cited Gryner's Almighty Love as one of the songs he most wished he had written himself.Copies preordered through Gryner's website were shipped with a bonus disc PVT which featured rerecorded versions of songs from her 1998 album Public. This disc was later offered as a separate purchase.
 September is the debut compilation album by Swedish singer September. The album is a compilation of tracks from her second and third European studio albums titled In Orbit and Dancing Shoes respectively. The album is the first album by September to be released in the United States Canada and Australasia.
 Between a Rock & a Hyde Place: The Best of Payola$ is a greatest hits album by the Payola$ released in 1987 after A&M had dropped the Payola$ from the label and after the band had rebranded themselves as Rock and Hyde and released Under the Volcano through Capitol/EMI.
 Neil Hamburger Pays Tribute to Diana Princess of Wales is the name of a 1997 EP by alternative comedian Neil Hamburger. It was released by Planet Pimp Records in 1997.
 Fyra Bugg & en Coca Cola och andra hits is a 2003 compilation album from Swedish dansband and pop singer Lotta Engberg.
 Escape is a studio album by guitarists Jody Harris and Robert Quine released in 1981 through the label Infidelity.
 The Trinity is the debut EP by American hip hop group The Lox. The EP was released on December 18 2013 by D-Block Records. It serves as their first release in over 13 years. The EP features guest appearances from Tyler Woods and Dyce Payne.
 Guilty Pleasure is the second studio album by American recording artist Ashley Tisdale. It was released on June 11 2009 by Warner Bros. Records. The lead single from the album It's Alright It's OK premiered on On Air with Ryan Seacrest and was officially released on April 14 2009. The album debuted at number 12 on Billboard 200 selling 25000 copies in its first week. The second single from Guilty Pleasure Crank It Up was released on October 16 2009 in Europe.
 Reign Forever World is an EP by the Polish death metal band Vader. It was released on December 16 2000 in Japan by Avalon Marquee in Europe and Poland the EP was released via Metal Mind and Metal Blade on January 22 2001. Reign Forever World was recorded and mixed in August 2000 at Red Studio in Gdynia Poland with Piotr Łukaszewski as audio engineer. The album was mastered in September 2000 by Bartłomiej Kuźniak at Studio 333 in CzęstochowaPoland.
 Ruta and Daitya is an album released on ECM by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett and drummer Jack DeJohnette. It features seven duet performances recorded in the studio.
 Statement is the major label debut album released by the four-piece rock/metal music group Nonpoint and their third studio release overall. This was their first album released through MCA Records (now Geffen Records). The album debuted No. 166 on the Billboard 200 charts.[citation needed]
 All Time Greatest Hits is the compilation album by American Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd released in 2000. The album was certified Gold on 3/24/2003 and Platinum on 6/20/2005 by the RIAA.
 Dictated Aggression is the fifth full-length studio album from American crossover thrash band M.O.D.. It was released in 1996 on Music For Nations and follows 1994's studio album Devolution. Blackout Records subsequently re-issued the album with a different cover and enhanced CD content of a live concert in France.This would be the band's last album until 2003's The Rebel You Love to Hate although Billy Milano did appear on Bigger Than the Devil – an S.O.D. reunion album in 1999.
 Stevie Brock Is the Self-Titled debut album by singer Stevie Brock it was released on June 10 2003 through Wire Records
 Simon is an album by Gruvis Malt. It was released by Integers Only an independent self-run label managed by Gruvis Malt founder Gavin Castleton in 2004.
 Horizon Born is Faderhead's EP of ballads released on October 23 2009 on L-Tracks Recordings. Following the success of Exit Ghost this EP contains only Ballads and is meant to show a different side of the artist. On the L-Tracks website Faderhead stated: I was never just a dancefloor artist. Every record has mid-tempo tracks and ballads as well. So I thought it's about time to focus on those a little. says the German producer.
 The Complete Singles Anthology is an anthology of singles released by the Buzzcocks during their original (1975-1981) and second (1989–present) incarnations. It was released in September 2004. The set consists of three CDs the first disc contains all tracks from the original release of the compilation Singles Going Steady plus the entirety of the Spiral Scratch EP.
 This article describes an album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 39 or Now 39 was released on 11 March 2005. The album is the 39th edition of the South African Now! series.
 Cold as the Clay is the second solo album by Bad Religion's vocalist Greg Graffin released on July 10 2006 in Europe and the following day in the USA. It was released on the label ANTI- (a sublabel of Epitaph). It follows on from Graffin's 1997 release of American Lesion.Graffin has described the album as honor[ing] the legacy of American music. [...] Traditional songs that helped form the 18th and 19th century American cultural landscape.
 Archive de la Morte (French for Archive of Death) is a DVD released by Glenn Danzig's band Danzig in 2004.The DVD continues the collection that began with the bands first two VHS releases Danzig (1989) and Lucifuge: The Video (1991) and chronicles the band's video singles from their third album Danzig III: How the Gods Kill (1992) their first EP Thrall-Demonsweatlive (1993) and their fourth album Danzig 4 (1994).
 Childish Things is a 2005 album by singer-songwriter James McMurtry (see 2005 in music). It was awarded the 2006 Americana Music Association Album of the Year Award. The song We Can't Make It Here was named the best song of the 2000s decade by music critic Robert Christgau.
 Scream is the fourth album by German trance producer & DJ Markus Schulz released on August 31 2012 by Armada Music. Scream represents a change in Markus Schulz's production style from deeper trance tracks produced since Do You Dream? to more club orientated trance tracks which are widely featured throughout the entirety of Scream.
 Together We Were Made is the third studio album by the British rock band The Feeling released on 20 June 2011.
 Epic Live (stylized as EPIC LIVE!) is a 2010 live album released by Globus of Immediate Music consisting of performances at Wembley Grand Hall in London in 2006 and Broad Stage in Santa Monica California when Globus played as part of the Trailer Music Live concert in 2009. The majority of the songs that played are from the Epicon album that was released in 2006 with the 120 piece orchestral/choral/rock ensemble in London.
 Full Force Galesburg is the fourth studio album by the Mountain Goats released in 1997.It consists of songs written and recorded by John Darnielle. Darnielle has stated that most if not all of the album was written in Grinnell IA. Most of the songs were performed by Darnielle singing and playing guitar solo and recorded on his Panasonic RX-FT500 boom box; however several songs also feature stringed instrumentation from Alastair Galbraith.
 Remembering is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1961 but released on the Japanese Blue Note label only in 1980. The US CD reissue released in 1998 was entitled Standards and included an alternate take and additional track recorded at the same session.
 One Voice is the first album from country music singer Billy Gilman. The album was released on June 20 2000 via Epic Records Nashville. It reached #2 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart and was certified 2× Platinum. The highest charting single from the album was the lead-off which was also the title track. One Voice is also Gilman's highest chart hit reached #20.
 ...Night Crawls In is a 1993 cassette and 2005 CD reissue by The Crüxshadows. It is the first release by this band. There also exists a CD-version from 1993 but there only exist five copies of it.
 She Will Have Her Way is a compilation album featuring female Australian and New Zealand musicians performing songs written by Neil Finn and Tim Finn (The Finn Brothers) members of Split Enz and Crowded House. A follow up album He Will Have His Way featuring male artists was released in 2010.
 Modus Operandi is the debut album by British drum and bass artist Photek. It was released on September 9 1997 on the Virgin Records sublabel Science in Europe and on Astralwerks in the US.
 Live is the second live album by The Northern Pikes released in 2000. The album was released independently.In 1999 Virgin Records asked the band members for their input on a greatest hits package. The band decided to do a short promotional tour following the release of Hits and Assorted Secrets 1984-1993 but found themselves enjoying the more relaxed independence of making their own schedule that they continued touring.
 Into the Wild (Live at EastWest Studios) is a five-track live EP released by American singer L.P. on April 24 2012 through Warner Bros. Records.
 Ragged Atlas is a studio album by Fred Frith's United States experimental rock group Cosa Brava. It was recorded in San Francisco in December 2008 and was released by Intakt Records in Switzerland on March 5 2010. Ragged Atlas was the band's first album and is largely instrumental with a little singing on five of the thirteen the tracks. Frith composed all the music with lyric contributions on Lucky Thirteen by Rebby Sharp a singer/guitarist Frith had worked with in Orthotonics.
 Whirlaway (1999) is the fourth and final full length studio album released on CD by Tadpoles and is the first Tadpoles' album to be released by a label other than the band's own Bakery Records. Australian independent label Camera Obscura Records licensed and released the album worldwide. As a promotion in 1999 an edited MP3 version of the song Whirlaway was given away free from by Camera Obscura Records through their website.
 Saturnz Return is the second studio album by Goldie released on January 27 1998. The album was released after the explosion of drum and bass into popular culture to the point where movies and television commercials were scored with breakbeats.
 9.5 Carats (9.5カラット 9.5 Karatto) is the 12th studio album by a Japanese singer-songwriter Yosui Inoue released in December 1984. It mostly features cover versions of the songs that Inoue wrote for other performers except Isso Serenade which was released as a lead single in October 1984. It is the most commercially successful album for him its sales are estimated to be 1.1-1.8 million copies.
 Ixnay on the Hombre is the fourth studio album by the American punk rock band The Offspring. Produced by Dave Jerden the album was released on February 4 1997 through Columbia Records (their former label Epitaph released it in Europe). After the massive commercial success of their previous album Smash The Offspring entered the studio in the middle of 1996 to record a new album.
 Extended Versions is a live album by the American rock band Little Feat recorded at the El Rey Theatre in Los Angeles CA on June 14 1998 for the Under the Radar album release and released in 2000.
 Day of Reckoning is the second album by Pentagram. It was released in 1987 by Napalm Records. It was re-released by Peaceville Records in 1993 and in 1996 as part of a two-disc split CD with Relentless and then again in 2005 as a digipak CD. Joe Hasselvander originally played drums on only one track Burning Savior with Stuart Rose recording the drums on all the rest. Hasselvander re-recorded drums on all tracks (except Burning Savior) for the 1993 Peaceville reissue.
 Secrets of the World is the first studio album by Baltimore Maryland hardcore punk band Trapped Under Ice. It was released in 2009 on Reaper Records.
 Just Like Us! is the fourth studio album by American pop rock group Paul Revere & the Raiders. Produced by Terry Melcher and released on January 3 1966 by Columbia Records it featured the U.S. hit single Just Like Me. Unlike their later albums on which Mark Lindsay was the primary lead singer the lead vocal duties on Just Like Us! were split among him and the other band members guitarist Drake Levin bassist Phil Volk and drummer Mike Smith.
 Mono was the first album from The Icarus Line. It was originally released May 8 2001 in the U.S. by Crank! Records on CD and Buddyhead on LP. The album was recorded throughout two separate sessions in 2000. The first of these were conducted at the studio Rotund Rascal on Lankershim Blvd. in North Hollywood.
 Melatonin Magik is the ninth studio album by rapper Canibus. It's his first album since his 2007 effort For Whom the Beat Tolls and his debut on the new label War Lab Records. The album contains a consistent guest appearance by Professor Griff of Public Enemy who provides vocals on nearly every track. The album also features artists such as DZK Warbux Blaq Poet K-Solo among others.
 The Girl Most Likely is Claudja Barry's second album released in 1977. It was originally released in the United States under the title Claudja.
 People is a 1969 compilation album released by singer Johnny Mathis on Columbia Records.
 The Bell Witch is a short promotional EP released by Mercyful Fate to herald the band's reunion album. It features two tracks off In the Shadows of which one is based on the American legend of the Bell Witch plus four live tracks. The EP was released in 1994. It was re-released in 2004 on Metal Blade Records.
 I Am Not What I Am is the first full release from Young and in the Way. It was self released on March 24 2011. It was rereleased in 2012 with the bands Amen EP.
 Studio 105 is the third album released by Mayra Andrade released November 29 2010. It features Mayra Andrade (vocals) Munir Hossn (guitar) Ze Luis Nascimento (percussion) and Rafael Paseiro (bass). An acoustic live album it was recorded in September 2010 in the Maison de la Radio in Paris in front of a small audience.
 The Spine Surfs Alone is a 2004 EP by They Might Be Giants released as a companion to their album The Spine on the same day of the latter's release. It can be purchased as MP3 downloads directly from the band. You can also order this EP in CD form from TMBG's official online store. If you put the CD in a computer a flash video for I'm All You Can Think About produced by John Linnell himself can be seen.
 Greatly Blessed is an album from Contemporary Christian Southern Gospel group Gaither Vocal Band. The album was released on August 10 2010.
 Neu Konservatiw is a live album by Laibach recorded during their first Occupied Europe Tour. It was originally released as a semi-official limited edition of 1000 copies.
 Some Devil is the debut solo album by musician Dave Matthews. It was released on September 23 2003 on RCA Records. It has been certified platinum by the RIAA signifying over a million copies sold. The album features several guest musicians including long-time Dave Matthews Band collaborator guitarist Tim Reynolds and Phish frontman and guitarist Trey Anastasio. The album's first single Gravedigger won a Grammy Award in 2004.
 This article describes the 32nd album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 32 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 32 or Now 32 was released in 1995. The album is the 32nd edition of the (UK) Now! series.
 Screamin' the Blues is an album by American saxophonist Oliver Nelson originally recorded and released in 1960 for New Jazz Records.
 Darkest Day of Horror is the fourth studio album by death metal band Mortician. It takes its title from a slogan used to promote the George A. Romero film Day of the Dead.
 Revolutions per Minute is the fifth full-length studio album by Skid Row released on October 24 2006. It is the band's only release with drummer Dave Gara.Michael Wagener temporarily reunited with Skid Row and became their producer for this album.
 Progressive Pickin' is a 1964 album by guitarist Chet Atkins.
 Spokes is an album released by Plaid in 2003. Advanced press hinted that it would be a return to the sounds of The Black Dog.[citation needed]
 Play.Rock.Music. is the fifth studio album by Toadies produced and mixed by Chris Frenchie Smith at The Bubble studio in AustinTX. It was released July 31 2012 on Kirtland Records. It's the first Toadies album to feature Doni Blair on bass.Originally the band had planned to release the album as the first of two EPs.
 New York Ciy: The Album is the debut studio album by American rapper Troy Ave. The album features guest appearances from King Sevin Raekwon N.O.R.E. Prodigy Tony Yayo Pusha T & Young Lito.
 A Death-Grip On Yesterday is the third studio album from American metalcore quintet Atreyu. It was released on March 28 2006 through Victory Records.It was leaked onto P2P and BitTorrent sites on February 24 over a month before its official release. A week after its release it had sold more than 69000 copies and started out at #9 on the Billboard 200.
 Megas 1972–2002 is a compilation released in 2002 by the Icelandic rock singer Megas to commemorate the 30th anniversary of his music career. This compilation made up of 43 tracks contains several of Megas's hits from the first album titled Megas (1972) to Englaryk í Tímaglasi (2002).The compilation features singer Björk as backing vocalist and the long-time collaborator Guðlaugur Kristinn Óttarsson who added guitars on several tracks.
 Haiku D'Etat is the eponymous debut album of the underground hip hop supergroup/project featuring Aceyalone and Mikah 9 of the Freestyle Fellowship and Abstract Rude of Abstract Tribe Unique released in 1999 (see 1999 in music).The album merges jazz tunes with the underground hip hop sound and literate rap which the group members particularly Aceyalone had become known for.
 Cómplices Al Rescate: Mariana is the second soundtrack for the Mexican television series Cómplices Al Rescate (Friends to the Rescue) and was released in Mexico by Sony BMG.
 In A Box is the first official release by Ammonia released in 1994.
 Martyre is the second full-length album released by doom metal band Saturnus.
 Tank is the sixth studio album by British alternative electronica band Asian Dub Foundation.
 The New Sound of the Venezuelan Gozadera is an album released by Venezuelan band Los Amigos Invisibles in 1998.
 Jonas Brothers is the self-titled second studio album and the international debut album released by the Jonas Brothers and their first album to be released under Hollywood Records. The album was released on August 7 2007. Hold On was the album's second single followed by SOS as the third single and When You Look Me in the Eyes as the fourth single. The album was the first to be released using CDVU+ technology.
 The Explosion is the self-titled debut EP from The Explosion. It was released in 2000 on Jade Tree Records. All the tracks featured were originally part of a demo sold on The Explosion's tour with Kid Dynamite.
 This Is My Life is a 1968 album by Shirley Bassey. The mid to late sixties was a period of declining popularity for traditional pop. How much the changing tastes in popular music directly affected Bassey's record sales is difficult to quantify; but her record sales had been faltering since the latter part of the mid 60s and the album failed to chart.
 Send the Fire (Worship Sessions Volume 2) is Neal Morse's second album of contemporary worship music. Ten songs are original and two are covers (Send the Fire and The Kind of Heart).
 American Thighs is the first album by alternative rock band Veruca Salt. It was released through Minty Fresh Records on September 27 1994 and re-released through DGC Records on November 8 1994. The title is a reference to a line from the AC/DC song You Shook Me All Night Long. The songs and artwork are the same on both versions but the DGC artwork is on glossy paper.
 Frankie Say Greatest is a compilation album by Frankie Goes to Hollywood released in 2009 by ZTT Records. The album is available in various formats: single CD double CD double LP and DVD. The latter contains the music videos to the band's singles while the LP version focusses on remixes only.
 This Is the Way That I Feel is the name of the fourth solo studio album released by American country music singer Marie Osmond. This was Osmond's first and only album under the Polydor/Knob label following her departure from MGM Records. It was released in 1977 and would be her last solo studio album eight years.This Is the Way That I Feel was a departure for Osmond as it took a more Pop-sounding direction than any of her previous albums.
 Perishable Fruit is singer-songwriter Patty Larkin's seventh album. Produced by Ben Wisch in 1997 and distributed by High Street Records it contained the following songs:
 Life in the Tropics is The Rippingtons' eleventh album which was released in the year 2000.
 Straight from the Streets is the debut album by Sean T. It was released in 1993 for Murder One Records and was produced by Sean T and G-Man Stan. The album was later re-released on November 14 2003.
 It's a Blue World is an album by jazz pianist Red Garland recorded in 1958 but not released on Prestige Records until 1970.
 Dolly Dolly Dolly released in 1980 is the 22nd solo studio album by Dolly Parton. Coming at the height of her late 1970s-80s quest for pop success the album was her least traditional country-sounding album to that point with a number of songs bordering on disco. Though the album's two singles Starting Over Again (written by Donna Summer and Bruce Sudano) and Old Flames Can't Hold a Candle to You topped the U.S.
 Forever is the fourth studio album by American singer Bobby Brown. The album's only single Feelin' Inside failed to impact the charts. The album was recorded after Brown left New Edition's Home Again tour in 1997. The album was originally titled Bobby II and was supposed to be produced by such luminaries as Teddy Riley Sean Combs R. Kelly Tim & Bob and Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis.
 Hesse Tanhaee (Persian: حس تنهایی‎) is a studio album by Iranian singer Ebi released in 2011.
 Tiger Army III: Ghost Tigers Rise is Tiger Army's third full-length album. It was released by Hellcat Records on June 29 2004. It takes the psychobilly of their first two efforts and layers it with elements of country blues and punk to create a more mature and emotional sound than previous works. The focus of the lyrics on the album range from topics of ghosts and vampires to life and love. The album was well received and led to their first U.S. headlining tour in spring of 2005.
 Drive Home is an EP released by British musician Steven Wilson featuring music videos previously unreleased tracks and live renditions of several songs recorded at Hugenottenhalle Frankfurt on 23 March 2013. The EP which was released on 21 October 2013 was available in two versions: DVD/CD and Blu-Ray/CD.
 Greetings from Asbury Park N.J. is the debut studio album by Bruce Springsteen released in 1973. It only sold about 25000 copies in the first year of its release but had significant critical impact. It was ranked at #379 by Rolling Stone on its list of 500 greatest albums of all time. The album also hit the #60 spot on the Billboard 200 albums listing.
 The Amazing Zig Zag Concert was a rock concert held at The Roundhouse on 28 April 1974 to celebrate the fifth anniversary of Zig Zag Magazine. Described as one of the gigs of the decade the concert has taken on legendary proportions over the years and featured Michael Nesmith with Red Rhodes John Stewart Help Yourself Chilli Willi and the Red Hot Peppers and Starry Eyed and Laughing. The concert was recorded but was not issued until 2010 when it was released as a 5-CD box set.
 17 Reasons is the first full album by the ska punk band Link 80. It was released on CD and 12 vinyl by Asian Man Records in 1997.
 Heart's Thunder is the fourth studio album by The Dawn released in 1990. It is the album on which the guitarist Francis Reyes first played.
 Woodstock 1999 is a two-disc set that documents the Woodstock 1999 festival. It was released during October 1999 nearly three months after the event took place. The album was released on Epic Records.The set features one song from each of 32 performing artists.
 Weirdo Magnet is a 1996 studio album by Buck 65 re-released by Warner Music Canada in 2002.
 Every Picture Tells a Story is the third album by Rod Stewart released in the middle of 1971. Its incorporates hard rock folk and blues styles. It went to number one on both the UK and U.S. charts and finished third in the Pazz & Jop critics' poll for best album of 1971.
 A Sunset Panorama is an album by Logh released in 2005. This album (excluding the Japanese only bonus tracks) was recorded live in the studio in one day there was an edition of the album that shipped with a DVD the DVD features the entire album as it was performed by the band. The Japanese version of the album features two bonus tracks including War Ensemble the Slayer cover that featured on an earlier 7.
 Where The Pyramid Meets The Eye: A Tribute to Roky Erickson is a 1990 tribute album to singer-songwriter Roky Erickson founder of the 13th Floor Elevators and solo artist whose career has been subject to significant periods of challenge from schizophrenia. The album was released by Sire Records in the United States and by WEA International in Europe.
 3 is the third studio album by the metal band Soulfly released in 2002 through Roadrunner Records. 3 has sold 195000 copies as of March 11 2008.
 Life Love & Other Mysteries is the third album by Contemporary Christian group Point of Grace. It was released in 1996 by Word and Epic Records.
 Live in Seattle is a live album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz' Zony Mash recorded in 2001 and released on the Liquid City label.
 Ahl Al Esheg is the second studio album by Lebanese pop singer-songwriter Diana Haddad released by Stallions Records on February 10 1997 continued along the lines established by her debut album Saken. The album was yet another hit for Haddad especially the title song. By that time Diana truly established herself as a top selling Lebanese singer but what was coming was even more.
 Backstage: A Hard Knock Life is the soundtrack to the 2000 documentary film Backstage. It was released on August 29 2000 through Def Jam Recordings and featured production from DJ Clue? Irv Gotti and Swizz Beatz among others. Rappers DMX and Method Man did appear in the film however they weren't featured on the soundtrack (although Method Man is noticeably on the album cover).
 Treasures Untold is the title of a live recording by Doc Watson & Family recorded at the 1964 Newport Folk Festival. It includes four duets with Clarence White. Watson's son Merle was 15 years old at the time of the recording. He would go on to perform numerous concerts and on recordings with his father.It was released on CD in 1991 by Vanguard.
 Soul Finger is an album by drummer Art Blakey recorded in 1965 and originally released on the Limelight label. On the 2009 CD edition Gary Bartz whose recording debut this was was left off the credits - he is the saxophonist (alto) for 5 of the 6 cuts. Lucky Thompson is only on one cut playing soprano sax on Spot Session with the quartet of Blakey Hicks and Sproles. A sixth cut from the Bartz sessions was used on the later Hold On I'm Coming album.
 Adulthood is the debut album by British singer CocknBullKid. It was released in the United Kingdom on 20 May 2011 by Island Records.
 The Paul Bley Quartet is an album by Canadian jazz pianist Paul Bley recorded in 1987 and released on the ECM label.
 This article describes the fourth album in the Australian Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 4 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow 04 is a compilation CD released under EMI Music Australia in 2003. For the first time the CD contained pictures on the front and back covers.
 Common Sense is the fourth album by American folk singer and songwriter John Prine released in 1975.
 Dear Independence is the second album by the Danish blues-rock group The Blue Van released in 2006 under TVT Records. The track Independence is featured in the opening sequence of the USA TV show Royal Pains.
 Enter k is an album by Peter Hammill originally released on the Naive Records label in Oct 1982. The label was owned and operated by Gordian Troeller the former manager of Hammill's band Van der Graaf Generator that had found success managing Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (which Hammill has said must have been a blessed relief after the VdGG years).
 Love Hate and Then There’s You is the third studio and final album by the American alternative rock band The Von Bondies. It was released on February 3 2009. It is their first album for Majordomo Records.
 Flame Vein is the first studio album by Bump of Chicken released on March 18 1999. One track Arue was later released as a limited print single. Another Little Braver was later released on the Lamp single as a B-side. It was re-released on April 28 2004 as Flame Vein +1 and included the song Battle Cry from B-side of the Lamp single.
 It Hurts to Be in Love and Eleven More Hits Songs is American singer Gene Pitney's ninth album released on the Musicor label in the United States in 1964. The album was released as I'm Gonna Be Strong on the Stateside label in the United Kingdom. The album marked a turning point in Pitney's career with his popularity waning in his home country while rising in Britain. The title track It Hurts to Be in Love and I'm Gonna Be Strong were Pitney's last top 10 hits in the United States.
 ...Nada como el sol is an EP released by Sting containing five tracks from the album ...Nothing Like the Sun performed in Spanish and Portuguese.
 What a Bunch of Sweeties is a 1972 album by the UK underground group Pink Fairies.Twink had left the band before the recording of this album.
 Moodswing is the 2003 album by Kacy Crowley. It was released independently and is popular in Crowley's hometown of Austin Texas.
 On Solid Ground is an album by Larry Carlton released in 1989. The album also features keyboardists Terry Trotter and Alan Pasqua and occasionally saxophonist Kirk Whalum. On the fourth track Carlton performs a version of Eric Clapton's Layla.
 James Taylor: A Christmas Album is singer-songwriter James Taylor's 21st album and first Christmas album. It was released on a limited-edition basis in 2004 with distribution through Hallmark Cards.
 Urd is the ninth full-length album by the Norwegian metal band Borknagar. Released on March 26 2012 it is the first album to feature ICS Vortex and Vintersorg sharing lead vocals. It also marks the final recording with Borknagar by David Kinkade who joined Soulfly after the recording and subsequently retired from music.
 Gold Afternoon Fix The Church's sixth studio album and second on Arista was released in February 1990. Meant to capitalize and build on the success of 1988's Starfish the album saw considerable promotion upon its release.
 Show is a live album by English alternative rock band The Cure released in 1993 and recorded live over two nights at The Palace of Auburn Hills Auburn Hills Michigan (a suburb of Detroit) in 1992 during the successful Wish tour. Show was also released as a concert video.This live album was released along with Paris which was recorded in Paris France.
 Long Distance is the third album of the band Ivy. It was released on 10 July 2001 on Nettwerk but had been released on 8 November 2000 in Japan (and included one bonus track It's All in Your Mind). The US version included bonus track Digging Your Scene a cover of the Blow Monkeys original. The song Worry About You was also used as the theme for the TV series Kingdom Hospital.The songs Edge of the Ocean along with Lucy Doesn't Love You got both videos and single releases.
 Stereo ★ Type A is an album by Cibo Matto released in 1999. It is only their second studio album and their last before they disbanded in 2001.While having a strong focus on atmospheric and ambient sounds and melody (particularly in Moonchild) Stereo ★ Type A also contains a broad range of styles reaching into hip hop territory in Sci-Fi Wasabi (with vocals by Duma Love) and heavy metal in Blue Train. Furthermore Clouds and Mortming contain heavily vocoded vocals.
 Challenger is the second album by Swiss band Knut.
 Life Love & Hope is the sixth studio album by American rock band Boston. It was released on December 3 2013 by Frontiers Records making it their first studio album in eleven years. Life Love & Hope is the first Boston album to be released following the death of lead vocalist Brad Delp. Delp recorded vocals on the songs Didn't Mean to Fall in Love Sail Away Someone and Te Quiero Mia the last of which being a re-arrangement of I Had a Good Time from Corporate America.
 Ancient Murphy: Greatest Hits of the 20th Century Vol. 1 is a compilation album of tracks by The Ancestors both previously unreleased and from their released albums.
 Acts of the Unspeakable is the third album by the American death metal band Autopsy. It saw a progression into punk-inspired death metal.
 Wordshaker is the second studio album by British–Irish girl group The Saturdays released on 12 October 2009 through Fascination Records. It is the group's first album to feature a song where they are credited as writers. Upon release the album peaked at number nine on the UK Albums Chart but the following week fell out of the top 30.
 A Book of Songs for Anne Marie is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Baby Dee. It was released on April 20 2010 under the Drag City label in the US and on Tin Angel Records in the UK. The album is essentially a re-recording of a 150 copy limited-edition CD that was released by Durtro in 2004 with a book of the same name.
 Leave Home is an album recorded by The Vindictives that is a cover of the Ramones album of the same name.
 Afterwords is the eleventh studio album by the Dutch alternative rock band The Gathering released via Psychonaut label on 25 October 2013. It is the last album with bassist Marjolein Kooijman as she left the band in 2014.Afterwords is a sort of a continuation of the previous album Dislosure containing remakes of five of the songs.
 Destiny's Child is the self-titled debut album of R&B group Destiny's Child released by Columbia Records in February 17 1998. It featured the singles No No No and With Me. It won Best R&B/Soul Album of the Year at the Soul Train Lady of Soul Awards but due to both singles having a remix (Part 2) as well as having an original version (Part 1) all singles preceded the album.The album spent twenty six weeks on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart.
 Precious Moments is a solo album from Jackson 5 member Jermaine Jackson.
 Joe Cocker – Classics Volume 4 is a greatest hits compilation for Joe Cocker released in 1987 by A&M Records as part of A&M's classics series of greatest hits albums for artists on its label. This compilation is label-exclusive. Therefore it only contains Joe Cocker's hits on the A&M label.
 Concept is the nineteenth studio album by the reggae artist Beenie Man.
 Pigs is an album by the English rock band b.l.o.w.. It was the first and only full album released by the band with Man And Goat Alike (1994) being a mini-album.
 Underground Soul! is the debut album by saxophonist Houston Person which was recorded in 1966 and released on the Prestige label.
 Screamin' For My Supper is the second studio album by American singer/songwriter Beth Hart. It was released on August 3 1999 by Atlantic Records. The album features her most notable single to date LA Song (Out of This Town) which was a number one hit in New Zealand and a Top 5 hit on the US Adult Contemporary Singles Chart. The album peaked at #143 on the Billboard albums chart in the US; and #22 on the RIANZ albums chart in New Zealand.
 Behold the Lamb of God is the fifth album by American singer-songwriter Andrew Peterson released in 2004.Each December Andrew travels the country with fellow musicians to present Behold the Lamb of God. The first half of the concert is spent storytelling songs with each guest artist on the tour. The second half of the concert is spent performing Andrew's Christmas album sequentially from beginning to end. The tour culminates in an annual performance in Nashville's Ryman Auditorium.
 Zwei-Osterei is the second full-length album by German experimental music trio Kluster. The album title translates to English as Two - Easter egg.Zwei-Osterei was recorded on February 23 1970 at Rhenus-Studio Gordorf Germany. Zwei-Osterei was released in 1971 on the Schwann label with a plastic embossed cover including two multi fold-out inserts.
 Cartoon Violence is an album released on Exit Stencil Recordings by Herzog an indie rock band from Cleveland Ohio. It is their second album. It was recorded more collaboratively than their debut album Search with Nick Tolar assisted by Tony Vorell who wrote the album's lyrics.
 For the 2003 film see Dreamkeeper.Dream Keeper is a jazz album by bassist Charlie Haden recorded in 1990 and released by Blue Note Records. The album was nominated for a Grammy award and was voted Jazz album of the year in Down Beat magazine's 1991 critic's poll.
 Dazzle Ships is the fourth album by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (OMD) released in 1983. The title and cover art (designed by Peter Saville) alluded to a painting by Vorticist artist Edward Wadsworth based on dazzle camouflage. The painting Dazzle-ships in Drydock at Liverpool is in the collection of the National Art Gallery of Canada in Ottawa Canada.Dazzle Ships was the follow-up release to the band's hugely successful Architecture & Morality.
 Last Train from Overbrook is an album by saxophonist James Moody recorded in 1958 and released on the Argo label.
 Distemper is the first non-compilation album by The New Christs. It reached #1 on the Australian Alternative Charts.
 Man of Miracles is the fourth album by Styx released in November 1974. Produced by John Ryan and Bill Traut who had produced the band's first two albums this would be the band's last original album on the independent Chicago-based label Wooden Nickel Records before moving to the major label A&M.The original issue contained Best Thing a re-release from the debut Styx album as the opening track on the record's B-side.
 Devastation of Musculation is an album by heavy metal band Thor. It was released in 2006 on Smog Veil Records and features a new guitarist Mike Kischnick who also co-wrote and co-produced the record with singer Jon Mikl Thor.
 Solo is a 1999 album by Hugh Cornwell a live plugged and unplugged solo gig recorded at The Bergen Blues & Roots Festival in Bergen Norway on April 29 1999. The album has songs from Cornwell's solo work as well as titles which he wrote and performed whilst in The Stranglers. The album was released on Cornwell's label HIS Records (HIS CD 003).
 Greatest Hits is a European greatest hits album by British rock musician Joe Cocker released in November 1998 (see 1998 in music). The album includes three previously unreleased tracks including a live recording with Eros Ramazzotti.
 Call the Doctor is the second studio album by the American rock band Sleater-Kinney released on March 25 1996 by Chainsaw Records. The album received critical acclaim from music journalists.
 Fear of Music is the third studio album by American new wave band Talking Heads released on 3 August 1979 on Sire Records. It was recorded at locations in New York City between April and May 1979 and was produced by the quartet and Brian Eno. The album reached number 21 on the Billboard 200 in the United States and peaked at number 33 on the UK Albums Chart. Three songs were released as singles between 1979 and 1980: Life During Wartime I Zimbra and Cities.
 Now! is the third album by singer France Joli released in 1982. This album saw her shift away from the Disco based songs of her early recordings to a funkier Soul music base. This change provided her with her biggest international hit Gonna Get Over You. Also includes the moderate dance chart hit Your Good Lovin'.
 Millencolin / Midtown is a split album by the Swedish punk rock group Millencolin and the New Brunswick New Jersey pop-punk band Midtown released on May 28 2001 by Golf Records.
 The Man In Black-His Greatest Hits is a compilation album released on Columbia Records in 1999. It is a two disc set including 30 songs (15 on each disc). Even though it was released on the Columbia label it does contain some of his Sun recordings which were allowed to fall in the Public Domain as well as his Columbia recordings.
 Star Turtle may also refer to Great A'Tuin.Star Turtle is a funk album by Harry Connick Jr. released in 1996. Received a Gold Album Certification July 8 2004. A funk album which actually has more genres than funk alone. Star Turtle also has pop Mardi Gras rhythms ballads and rock.City Beneath the Sea (track #14) describes unique New Orleans street scenes and features a brief but notable piano solo.Hear Me in the Harmony track #3 became an MTV hit.
 Alma de Buxo is an album by Galician gaita (bagpipes) player Susana Seivane released in 2002.
 Based on a True Story is an album released in 1988 by Del Lords on Enigma Records.
 Breach Birth is an EP by GOD released in 1990 through Situation Two.
 Fun for Fan is the first best of album released by the Sony Music label for Japanese singer Ami Suzuki in March 2000.
 Immortal is the third studio album by the Danish/American progressive power metal band Pyramaze released on May 30 2008.Iced Earth vocalist Matt Barlow who had originally left Iced Earth and later joined Pyramaze performs the vocals on Immortal; however on the official Pyramaze website both Barlow and Pyramaze guitarist Michael Kammeyer have stated that this album will be Barlow's only contribution to Pyramaze after which time he will continue to work only with Iced Earth.
 Water & Solutions is the fourth album recorded by Far. Although it did not sell many copies it was critically acclaimed by the rock press.
 This article describes the fifth album in the Asian Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 5 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 5 was released in 1999. The album is the 5th edition of the Asian Now! series.
 Subsequent Pleasures is Clan of Xymox's first self-released mini-album (vinyl EP) released in 1983.Limited to 500 copies most were destroyed by the band so very few copies remain in existence.The EP was later reissued bolstered with six additional demo tracks by Pandailectric (1994 Germany) Pseudonym (1994 Benelux) Pandaimonium Records (2001 Germany) and Metropolis Records (2001 US).
 On a Storyteller's Night is the fifth studio album by the British melodic rock band Magnum released in 1985 on FM Records. The album is widely considered as Magnum's breakthrough album. This album features one of Tony Clarkin's most thoughtful songs Les Morts Dansant — a simple song in that paints a picture of a man being executed by a firing squad. It is the way in which the song accomplishes this with some very colorful and imaginative metaphors.
 Jazz French Horn is the third album by American jazz French horn player and composer Tom Varner recorded in 1985 and released as an LP on the New Note label and later as a CD on the Italian Soul Note label.
 A New High in Low is a double-disc album released by Pigface on August 26 1997 featuring the work of Martin Atkins Genesis P-Orridge Dave Wright and poet Meg Lee Chin.
 On is the debut studio album by Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Jean. It was released on May 16 2006.
 Hot Wire is the fifth studio album by the glam metal band Kix. It was released on July 9 1991 on East West Records.
 Keep It Solid Steel Volume 1 is Mr. Scruff's first DJ mix album recorded for Ninja Tune's Solid Steel series. According to his own site it is the first of 4:This first CD of a four part series covers in its 74 minutes bouncy reggae classic hip hop deep soul rare funk dancefloor jazz heavy beats and left field electronic nuggets.
 Yours Truly is the debut studio album by American recording artist Ariana Grande. Formerly titled Daydreamin' the album was released on August 30 2013 through Republic Records. Incorporating R&B pop and soul Yours Truly was influenced by Whitney Houston Amy Winehouse Christina Aguilera and Mariah Carey amongst other of Grande's idols.
 Me Being Me is a second album by rapper Frayser Boy.
 Night of the Ultimate Mosh is a Grindcore 2002 album from Birdflesh.The title track is about a Samantha Fox concert.
 A Long Road Home is the 2002 concept album by singer-songwriter Mickey Newbury released on his Mountain Retreat label. The album was recorded while Newbury was receiving full-time oxygen treatments for emphysema.
 Be a Girl is the third album by Swedish alternative rock band The Wannadies. It was released in 1994 and reached number thirty-four on the Swedish Albums Chart. The entire album was produced by Nille Perned with the exception of the first single Love in June which was produced by Micke Herrström. The album was supported by the Swedish National Council for Cultural AffairsBe a Girl includes the singles Love in June You and Me Song Might Be Stars and How Does it Feel?.
 Ghost on the Canvas is the 61st album by Glen Campbell which was intended to be Campbell's farewell studio recording following him being diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. The production of the album was announced in March 2010.Campbell and his wife delayed informing the public about his illness until shortly before he embarked on the Glen Campbell Goodbye Tour.
 The Dance is the sixth and final studio album by dance music act Faithless on their own record label Nates Tunes and first for PIAS Recordings. Dido is featured on the songs North Star and Feelin' Good.
 Exotica is the eighth studio album released by the British female vocal duo Bananarama. This is Bananarama's third album as a duo and was produced by Pascal Caubet and issued only in France in 2001 on the M6 Interactions label. The work is a combination of new compositions along with re-recordings of past Bananarama hits including a Latin pop version of the U.S.
 Black Flag is the eighth studio album by the Hungarian heavy metal band Ektomorf released in 2012 on AFM Records.
 L7 is the first album by the Los Angeles band L7. Recorded in 1987 and released in 1988 the album demonstrates the band's punk rock origins although there are traces of the heavier grunge sound that dominated their later work.
 The Suburbs is a 9 song EP released by the band The Suburbs.
 Sun and Shade is the sixth album by the American band Woods released in 2011 on Woodsist.
 Abstract Principles Taken to Their Logical Extremes is the only album by Dark Heresy a death metal band from London England released in 1995.
 Warrior is the second studio album by American recording artist Kesha released on November 30 2012 by Kemosabe Records and RCA Records. Its music spans the techno-pop rock and party rap genres; Kesha described the album as more personal than her previous material in addition to her attempt at reviving the rock and roll genre which she called a cock pop record.
 Never Better is the third album from P.O.S a member of Minneapolis indie hip hop collective Doomtree.
 Dance Passion is a remix album of Roxette's first album Pearls of Passion. It was only released on vinyl on 27 March 1987 and was never officially released on CD. All CD versions are therefore pirate copies.It was only released in Sweden.
 History hits & highlights '68–'76 is a 2 disc DVD release by Deep Purple.This is vol. 3 in a series of DVD archive releases aimed to provide Deep Purple fans with DVDs rounding up as much rare footage from the 1968-1976 era as possible. The vol.
 Parting Should Be Painless is Roger Daltrey's fifth solo album released in 1984 the album is his first solo studio album since the demise of The Who. The vinyl album was released on Atlantic 80128-1 USA and reached #102 on the US music charts. The single Walking in My Sleep reached #56 on the US singles charts. The album was produced by Mike Thorne with executive producer listed as Spike.
 Selmer #607 is the album by Adrien Moignard Rocky Gresset Richard Manetti Noé Reinhardt and Sébastien Giniaux. It has been pre-released as mp3 and mail order on April 12 2008. The album was fully released in France and the rest of the world on October 2008.
 Successive Substitution is an EP by Disharmonic Orchestra. It was released in 1989 by Nuclear Blast.
 Walk Out is a 2007 album by Lady Saw.
 Judgement is the fifth album by the British rock band Anathema. It was released on 21 June 1999 through Music for Nations.It is the first album without bassist and co-principle songwriter Duncan Patterson with Dave Pybus joining the band to replace him. The band's other major songwriter Danny Cavanagh taking on a larger share of the songwriting duties than before to compensate for the void left by Patterson's departure.
 No Looking Back is an album by English singer/songwriter Gerard McMahon released on the Full Moon/Warner Bros. label in 1983. The album was produced by Gerard McMahon and Michael Ostin. On the inside cover the album is dedicated to Christiane.
 Fort Europa is the third album by the Swedish hip hop group Looptroop. It was released in 2005 by Burning Heart Records and is entirely produced by Embee. An instrumental version of the album has also been released.
 Blues and Trouble is an album by American blues pianist Curtis Jones.
 Berth is a live CD/DVD by American alternative rock band The Used that was released on February 6 2007. It has since been certified gold.
 Watching the Snow is a smooth vocal jazz album by American singer-songwriter and musician Michael Franks. It was released three times: initially in Japan with Columbia in 2003 in the United States with Sleeping Gypsy in 2004 then finally with Koch Records in 2007.It was Franks' fifteenth studio album after Barefoot on the Beach in 1999 and prior to Rendezvous in Rio in 2006.
 Gulf Winds was an album composed of songs written and performed by Joan Baez. The album was released in 1976 and was her final album of new material for A&M. Baez stated in her autobiography And a Voice to Sing With that most of the songs were written while on tour with the Rolling Thunder Revue with Bob Dylan. O Brother! was a clever reply to Dylan's song Oh Sister.
 Go With the Flow is an album by American violinist and composer Michael White's Magic Music Company featuring performances recorded in 1974 and released on the Impulse! label.
 Link Wray is the self-titled 1971 album by pioneer Rock & Roll guitarist Link Wray. The music is an Americana blend of Blues Country Gospel and Folk rock elements. This music is characterized by the purposeful use of simplified sounds to reflect the then-current vogue of blues and other roots music being used in many roots rock bands. Wray's guitar-work composing and vocals reflected modern rock influences.
 Make the Road by Walking is the debut album by Brooklyn based group Menahan Street Band. It was released on October 14 2008 through Dunham Records a then-new subsidiary of Daptone Records. The album is named after a Brooklyn non-profit organization which is located around the corner from Menahan Street (on Grove Street) which promotes social and economic justice through advocacy and legal work.
 Romeo & Julia is the official soundtrack for Terminaator's musical Romeo & Julia (Romeo and Juliet) made for Eesti Nuku- ja Noorsooteater (Estonian Puppet and Youth Theatre). Unlike the soundtrack for Risk this one wasn't released under the name of Terminaator.Later a new song was written for Hele Kõre and Kristjan Kasearu titled Romeo ja Julia.
 The Last Month of the Year is an album of Christmas music by The Kingston Trio released in 1960 (see 1960 in music). It became the first Kingston Trio album release to fall below expected sales and Capitol withdrew the album from circulation shortly after its release. In 1992 the tracks were digitally re-mastered from the original three-track master session tapes and it was reissued on CD but was once again deleted from the Capitol catalog.
 Live at Wolf Trap is the third live album by US rock band The Doobie Brothers released in 2004.Wolf Trap is a National Park in Virginia where the band performed live on July 25.In addition to the CD a DVD was released featuring in addition to the CD setlist People Gotta Love Again Spirit Nobody Neal's Fandango Takin' It to the Streets and Without You interviews a photo gallery and other bonus features.The album revived a handful of tracks the Doobies had not released live versions of before from Tom Johnston's original stint with the band. 
 Purpose is the debut album by contemporary R&B singer Algebra.The album was on the Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart for 14 weeks and peaked at #56.
 Vivere Live in Tuscany is a live album and DVD of a pop concert by classical Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli. The concert was performed at Bocelli's Teatro del Silenzio in Lajatico Tuscany July 2007. In this DVD he performs duets with Sarah Brightman Elisa Laura Pausini and Heather Headley and collaborates with Chris Botti and Lang Lang and Kenny G. It was certified Triple Diamond in Brazil by the ABPD with over 375000 copies sold in the country.
 In a Major Way is the second studio album by American rapper E-40 released March 14 1995 on Jive and Sick Wid It Records. The album features production by Funk Daddy Kevin Gardner Mike Mosley Sam Bostic and Studio Ton. It peaked at number 2 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 13 on the Billboard 200 selling 70000 copies in its first week.
 The Doobie Brothers is the debut album by American rock band The Doobie Brothers released in 1971 (see 1971 in music). It is their only official studio album to feature original bass player Dave Shogren on all tracks who left during the recording of their second album. The album was re-released in 1974 on the Midi record label with colourised album artwork.The first single from the album Nobody failed to chart as did the album itself.
 Lipstick Traces (A Secret History of Manic Street Preachers) is an album of various B-sides rarities and cover versions by Welsh rock band Manic Street Preachers released in 2003. It is named after the Greil Marcus book Lipstick Traces: A Secret History of the 20th Century and shares its title with a bootleg album of Manics rarities (more simply titled Lipstick Traces).
 Hey Stoopid is the 19th studio album by heavy metal singer and shock rock-legend Alice Cooper. It was released on July 2 1991 (see 1991 in music) with guest appearances from Slash (then still a member of Guns N' Roses) Ozzy Osbourne Vinnie Moore Joe Satriani Steve Vai Nikki Sixx and Mick Mars (both of Mötley Crüe).
 Young Gifted & Badd: The Remixes is a remix album by R&B group Color Me Badd. It also featured another hit single Forever Love (U.S.#15) featured on the Mo' Money soundtrack. The remixed singles gave Color Me Badd some territory on the Billboard Charts.
 An Arrow Through the Bitch is an EP by Palace Brothers released in 1994 through Domino Records in the United Kingdom. The EP is a collection of two singles previously released in the US on Drag City: Come In / Trudy Dies (1993) and Horses / Stable Will (1994).
 Getting It Dunn is the sixth album by country music artist Holly Dunn. Released in 1992 it includes the singles No Love Have I As Long as You Belong to Me and Golden Years.
 Led Zeppelin is the debut album by English rock band Led Zeppelin. It was recorded in October 1968 at Olympic Studios in London and released on Atlantic Records on 12 January 1969 in the United States and 31 March in the United Kingdom. Featuring integral contributions from each of the group's four musicians the album established their fusion of blues and rock.
 Don't Mess with the Dragon is a 2007 album by Ozomatli.
 You Shouldn't-Nuf Bit Fish is the second studio album by American funk musician George Clinton. The album was released by Capitol Records in 1983 during the same week that the CBS Associated Label released Urban Dancefloor Guerillas by the P-Funk All-Stars. The P-Funk live concert tour of 1984 concentrated on tracks featured on both albums.
 The Conductor's Departure is Anata's 4th full-length album. It was released by Earache Records. This album continues their unique use of dissonant chords this time with more of a focus on melody than speed.
 Papa Blues is Papa John Creach's 1992 album his final studio album and his only album released after the 1970s.
 Psycho Active is the debut album by Sacramento rapper X-Raided. It was released in 1992 through Black Market Records. Most of the lyrics contain themes of violence alcohol/marijuana use and depict gang-life. He was only 16 when he finished his first recording an underground project called Niggas In Blacc with Sacramento rappers Brotha Lynch Hung and Sicx and he was signed within a year to a local major label in Sacramento California.
 Still the Same Ole Me is an album by American country music singer George Jones. This album was released in 1981 (see 1981 in country music) on the Epic Records label. It peaked at number 3 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and number 115 on the Pop Albums chart. Still the Same Ole Me went Gold in 1990.
 Spine and Sensory is an LP by Tristeza. It was recorded at Louder Studios in San Francisco CA and released in 1999 by Makoto Recordings. In 2004 the album was remastered and re-released with bonus tracks by Better Looking Records. The cover art is a detail from Plus Reversed by Richard Anuszkiewicz (1960).
 The Healer is a blues album by John Lee Hooker released in 1989. The album features collaborations with Bonnie Raitt Charlie Musselwhite Los Lobos and Carlos Santana among others. The Healer peaked at number 62 on the Billboard 200 and won a Grammy award. Produced by Roy Rogers of the Delta Rhythm Kings the album's success 'permitted John Lee Hooker to live out the end of his life in comfort'.
 It Ain't Easy is an album by American singer/songwriter Chris Smither released in 1984. The original contained 12 songs.
 Cybernetic Dreams of Pi released in 1983 is The Slickee Boys second proper album (third if you count the compilation album Here to Stay) and the first to be recorded all in one place at the same time. It was released on LP by the Minneapolis record label Twin/Tone (catalog number TTR 8337). Along with songs penned by the band there are cover versions of songs by Hamilton Streetcar and the Status Quo.
 Supernaturalistic is the debut album by Sander van Doorn. It was released in March 2008.The first single from the album The Bass was released on February 18th of the same year.
 Brooklyn Wednesday is a live album by Jandek released in 2007 and is Jandek's 51st album. For this performance he was accompanied by Matt Heyner (bass) and Chris Corsano (percussion). The discs are contained in two single-size double-disc jewel cases in a cardboard sleeve. The same photo is onall three covers.
 Ultimate Collection is a 2005 release by the British pop group M People featuring Heather Small. It includes two of their tracks that were not on the previous The Best of M People album. The album also includes two singles released by Heather Small as a solo artist.Small's solo single Proud was re-released to coincide with the release of this album and for the London Olympic Bid.
 That Within Blood Ill-Tempered is the second studio album by hardcore punk band Shai Hulud. It was released on May 20 2003 through Revelation Records on CD and 300 pressings on LP format. A picture disc was released through Matt Fox's At Dawn We Wage War (former Ides of March) Records on March 30 2004 with 1100 pressings.
 Mi Mundo (Spanish for My World) is the second album by Spanish singer Marta Sanchez. It was released in 1995 and produced once again by Christian De Walden. In this album the artist has a little more input since she did the package design and compose one track (Enamorada Sin Querer). The first single Dime La Verdad was another smash hit for the artist peaking at #1 in Mexico and Spain and #9 in the Latin charts in United States.
 Local Licks: Yule Rock! is a Holiday album released by KLBJ featuring local Austin musicians.
 Sudden Burst of Energy is a smooth jazz studio album by Earl Klugh released in 1996. In this release Klugh is joined by a large rhythm section plus an occasional saxophonist.
 The Invitation is the second studio album released by Christian singer Meredith Andrews.
 Fabula Magna is the third full-length studio album by German gothic metal band Coronatus. Thematically it focuses on myths tales and legends.
 Cobra Strike II: Y Y+B X+Y <hold> ← is the second album by Buckethead's side project Cobra Strike. In addition to Buckethead and DJ Disk this album features a completely different cast of musicians.The term cobra strike was inspired by the video game G.I. Joe: Cobra Strike (1983).
 Attahk is the eighth studio album by Magma. It was released in 1978.After Üdü Ẁüdü Magma disbanded for a year until reuniting under a slightly different direction than before. This album incorporated elements of funk R&B gospel and pop music.Some songs on this album - such as Rindë - as well as some from Live/Hhaï (1975) and Üdü Ẁüdü (1976) - are incorporated in Ëmëhntëhtt-Ré (2009).
 Seven Second Surgery is the debut album by Canadian pop punk band Faber Drive. It was released on May 1 2007 under 604 Records.24 Story Love Affair and Sex and Love from Faber Drive's previous EP were added onto Seven Second Surgery.
 Deadbeat Hero is Doug Stanhope's second stand-up comedy DVD and his fifth CD. Recorded at the Comedy Underground in Seattle Washington in 2004 originally produced by Shout Factory and released as part of the Ad Lib Breakout Comedy Series. It was reissued in 2007 by Stand Up! Records.
 Flip is a 1985 solo album from Nils Lofgren longtime guitarist for Neil Young and Bruce Springsteen. The sound is typical of the style of the mid-80's with a heavy emphasis on the snare drum sound Lofgren's guitar and plenty of synthesizer.
 Sauf si l'amour... is a 2005 French language album by Canadian singer Roch Voisine. It includes 12 new songs.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album released by rock band The Pretenders in 2000. It was only their second greatest hits in 22 years but less successful than its predecessor The Singles released in 1987.
 Sylphes is the second album by gothic rock band Corpus Delicti.
 Loverboy is the fourth studio album by the American singer-songwriter Brett Dennen. It was released on April 12 2011 through Downtown Records.
 Eurobounds is the second home video released by the Japanese heavy metal band Loudness. It was released on BETA VHS Laserdisc and VHD formats in 1984. This release documented the first European tour of the band with footage from concerts in England Holland Belgium and West Germany. Columbia Records remastered the video and re-released it in DVD format in 2000. A live album with the sound track of the DVD was also released in 2000 with the same cover art of the DVD.
 Grotesque Impalement is an EP by the death metal band Dying Fetus. It includes four original songs and two covers one of death metal band Baphomet and the other of hardcore punk group Next Step Up.
 This Is Boston Not L.A. is a hardcore punk compilation album released in 1982. It is considered the definitive album from the Boston hardcore scene as several of the bands that were prominent in that scene appear on the album. On the cover is Gang Green playing at Streets nightclub in Boston. The bands performing included The Groinoids Decadence The Proletariat The Freeze The F.U.'s Jerry's Kids and Gang Green.
 Lucid Interval is the third full-length album released by Cephalic Carnage. It was released in 2002 via Relapse Records. The album was reissued by Relapse Records with a bonus track on September 13 2011.
 There Is Only One Roy Orbison is the first album recorded by Roy Orbison for MGM Records released in July 1965. It features his studio recording of Claudette an Orbison-penned song which had become a hit for The Everly Brothers in 1958. Ironically at the time he recorded the song in 1965 he had divorced his wife Claudette who had inspired the lyrics. (They later reconciled in 1966 before her death in a motorcycle accident in June of that year near Bristol Tennessee).
 Live from Loreley is a live album by Marillion recorded at a concert at the Freilichtbühne Loreley (Open-Air Stage) Loreley St. Goarshausen Germany on 18 July 1987. The recording made during the first leg of the 1987 Clutching at Straws tour documents the band at the peak of their commercial success in the mid/late 1980s. The show was attended by an audience of 20000; support acts were Magnum The Cult (cancelled) and It Bites.
 Good Kid M.A.A.D City (stylized as good kid m.A.A.d city) is the second studio album by American rapper Kendrick Lamar. The album was released on October 22 2012 by Top Dawg Entertainment Aftermath Entertainment and was distributed by Interscope Records. The album serves as Lamar's major label debut after his signing to Aftermath and Interscope in early 2012.
 The Disruption was the first release by American indie rock band Cursive and was released in 1996 on Lumberjack Records and was re-released in 1997 with alternative cover art when Lumberjack changed their name to Saddle Creek. The only format it was available in was 7.The songs were later put on the compilation The Difference Between Houses and Homes in 2005.
 The Best Of Gil Scott-Heron is a compilation album by American recording artist Gil Scott-Heron released on the Arista label in 1984.
 Country E.P. is a collaborative effort by Vermont based folk artist Anaïs Mitchell and Chicago based Rachel Ries. The five track E.P. was released on both 7” vinyl CD format though the 7” vinyl was only available from Righteous Babe Records' online store.
 Duas Vozes is an album by Brazilian composer guitarist and pianist Egberto Gismonti and percussionist Naná Vasconcelos recorded in 1984 and released on the ECM label. The album follows the duo's 1977 collaboration Dança Das Cabeças.
 Fourplay is the debut album of the contemporary jazz quartet Fourplay which was released by Warner Bros. Records on September 17 1991. The album cover showed four pictures of the original group on a variety of musical instruments (such as a guitar piano keys and a drum). The album has sold over 1000000 copies in the United States and has thus been certified platinum by the RIAA.Their album charted at the #1 position on the Billboard Contemporary Jazz Charts for an unprecedented 33 weeks.
 Low Level Owl: Volume I is the third full-length album release from Lawrence Kansas-based band the Appleseed Cast. The album was a departure from the heavy distorted guitar-driven post-hardcore of their debut The End of the Ring Wars and a progression from the layered atmospheric but still song-based follow-up Mare Vitalis.
 Tribute To is an EP by My Morning Jacket lead singer Jim James (under the pseudonym Yim Yames) consisting entirely of George Harrison (and Beatles) covers. The EP was released as a digital download via his website on July 7 2009. The album was released as a CD on August 4 2009. James recorded the album in December 2001 on a relative's eight-track reel-to-reel tape recorder just days after Harrison's passing.
 Dig Yourself Deep is a 2007 studio album by The Undertones. It is the band's second album with lead singer Paul McLoone who replaced Feargal Sharkey when the band reformed in 1999.The track Here Comes The Rain has been played during live performances since 2005 including the band's appearance at the Glastonbury Festival in that year.
 Mathew Knowles & Music World Present Vol.1: Love Destiny is a compilation album released by R&B group Destiny's Child. This album was only released in Japan at the end of June 2008 to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the group. It consists of a few songs the group and three songs from singer Solange Knowles who is not part of the group. There are also two bonus tracks from Lady Lux and Lyfe Jennings.
 Dark End of the Street is an EP album by American singer/songwriter Chan Marshall also known as Cat Power. It was released on December 9 2008 on Matador Records.Dark End of the Street was released both digitally and on a limited edition double 10. It contains six songs originally by Brendan Behan James Carr Sandy Denny Creedence Clearwater Revival Otis Redding and Aretha Franklin which were recorded during Cat Power's Jukebox sessions.
 Static is the third album by the Italian dance musical group Planet Funk. It was released in 2006 under EMI Music. Vocal parts are interpreted by Luke Allen except track 10 which is sung by Jovanotti.
 Blues And Boogie Shoes is an album album by the Keene Brothers formed by Robert Pollard and Tommy Keene released in 2006.
 Truly She Is None Other is the eleventh solo album by Holly Golightly former member of the band Thee Headcoatees and is considered her most commercial album to date. It features nine original songs and four covers. The album's liner notes were written by Jack White.
 Sulla mia pelle is the first Noemi's album. On October 2 2009 Noemi's first album was released. The album was certified double platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry.
 A Maid in Bedlam is a 1977 album by The John Renbourn Group.
 1937 is a remix album released in 2005 on Sounds Are Active by the avant-garde group Soul-Junk.
 Sick Tour is a 1985 album by Boyd Rice released under the alias NON. It was released by Staalplaat on CD and Cassette.
 Fire in the Dark is the title of the third studio album recorded by American country music artist Billy Dean. It was released in 1993 on SBK/Liberty Records and like his previous two albums it was certified gold by the RIAA. Unlike his first two albums which were produced by Tom Shapiro this one was produced by Liberty Records' then-president Jimmy Bowen with Dean as co-producer.
 New Old Songs is a remix album by American rock band Limp Bizkit. Released on December 4 2001 the album contains hip hop remixes of songs from the band's albums Three Dollar Bill Yall Significant Other and Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water.
 City Harbor is the eponymously titled debut studio album from Christian contemporary duo City Harbor. The album was released on February 4 2014 by Sparrow Records. The producers are Matt Bronleewe David Garcia Ben Glover. This album has attained positive reception by music critics and commercial successes.
 Floored Genius - The Best of Julian Cope and The Teardrop Explodes 1979-91 is a compilation album by Julian Cope released in 1992 combining Cope's work with The Teardrop Explodes and his early solo work.
 Hymns for the Nonbeliever is the second studio album by the Australian band Kisschasy released on 21 July 2007. On 29 July Hymns for the Nonbeliever debuted in the ARIA Album Charts at #5 holding its place on the chart for 9 weeks 3 weeks longer than their first album United Paper People. The album is said to cover global politics animal cruelty religion love and deception.
 Tulip is the second album by Steel Pole Bath Tub released in 1990 through Boner Records.
 Feeding the Beast is a 2011 album by Danish band Surfact. It was released in October 2011 in Denmark reaching #11 on the Danish Albums Chart in its first week of release.
 Eros is the first greatest hits album by Italian pop/rock singer Eros Ramazzotti released in 1997 on the BMG label. Of the album's 16 tracks five are original recordings nine re-recordings and two new tracks. Two of the re-recorded tracks are duets; Musica è featuring Andrea Bocelli and Cose della vita (Can't Stop Thinking of You) with Tina Turner. Eros topped the albums chart in six countries.
 John P. Kelly is the debut solo album from member of The Lost Boyz and rapper Mr. Cheeks. It contains the hit single Lights Camera Action!.
 Cherry Kicks is the second album by the Swedish rock band Caesars Palace.
 Greatest Hits is the third compilation album by Richard Marx. Released in 1997 this greatest hits package was the last recording for Marx as a Capitol Records artist. This album contains fourteen of Marx's hit releases plus Touch Of Heaven a promotional single from the album Flesh & Bone and a new track Angel's Lullaby.
 In the Attic of the Universe is the second release by American indie rock group The Antlers when the Antlers name was still a solo project of vocalist and guitarist Peter Silberman.
 The Search: 1985–1989 is a retrospective CD from American hardcore punk band Bold recorded at the Revelation Records studio.The CD contains the band's entire recorded output: Their first 7 EP Join The Fight (1985) which was recorded under the name Crippled Youth their full length debut album Speak Out (1988) their second and final album Looking Back (recorded 1989 released 1991) three tracks that appeared either on compilations or on the original CD reissue of Speak Out and two previously unreleased recordings. 
 Dillinger Four/Pinhead Gunpowder is a split EP by the American punk rock bands Dillinger Four and Pinhead Gunpowder. It was released on May 16 2000 through Adeline Records.
 The Paul Simon Anthology is a compilation album by American singer-songwriter Paul Simon which was released in 1993.
 Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 2 (subtitled LA '66 / Riot on Sunset Strip) is a compilation album in the Highs in the Mid-Sixties series featuring recordings that were released in Los Angeles California. (Despite the subtitle not all of these records were originally released in 1966).
 Misery Loves Kompany is the sixth studio album by rapper Tech N9ne and the first release in the Collabos series. The album was recorded in one month and was released on July 17 2007. It features 17 tracks featuring artists such as Yukmouth T-Nutty D-Loc & Dalima Greed Money Hungry Big Scoob (of the 57th Street Rogue Dog Villians) Joe Vertigo Shadow The Philsta and Mr. Reece as well as fellow label mates Krizz Kaliko Kutt Calhoun Skatterman & Snug Brim and Prozak.
 Impeach My Bush is the fourth studio album by Canadian recording artist Peaches released on July 11 2006 by XL Recordings. Guest appearances on this album include Joan Jett Beth Ditto Josh Homme Samantha Maloney Mocky and her one-time roommate Feist.
 Ringo Starr & His All Starr Band Live 2006 is a 2008 live album by rock musician and ex-Beatle Ringo Starr and his All-Starr Band.
 Bet'oul Eih is Myriam Faris's third studio album released on April 22 2008.
 4 U is the first extended play (EP) release by Australian pop singer Cody Simpson. It was released on 21 December via Atlantic Records. The songs are mostly pop/R&B influenced.The album's lead single iYiYi was released on 1 June 2010. The second single All Day was released on 17 March 2011.
 Newsboys Live In Concert: God's Not Dead is the second live album from Australian Christian rock band Newsboys. It was recorded on July 2012 at Sonshine Festival and Lifest and released through Sparrow Records on October 22 2012 and features songs from their albums Born Again (2010) God's Not Dead (2011) and live recordings of Michael Tait singing He Reigns and Something Beautiful.
 Dead or Dreaming is the second full-length studio album by Canadian melodic death metal and progressive metal band Into Eternity. It was released by DVS Records in 2001 and re-released by Century Media Records on 3 September 2002.
 Was Denn: Hits '74–'95 was released by Nina Hagen in 2004.
 Just Another Diamond Day is the debut album of English singer-songwriter Vashti Bunyan. In the mid to late 1960s Bunyan was under contract to Andrew Oldham which saw her release two singles. However Bunyan found the experience frustrating and decided to head for the Scottish islands in search of an artistic commune supposedly established by Donovan. She travelled around the countryside with her partner Robert in a horse-drawn wagon.
 Rarities is a compilation album by Australian rock band The Living End. The album features demos and acoustic versions of songs that were previously unreleased and was first available on a range of online music stores for 5 days from Saturday 15 November 2008 to Wednesday 19 November 2008 at which point it was taken off all of these stores for no confirmed reason.
 Let's Live for Today is the second studio album by The Grass Roots. Released in 1967 it features their first top-ten hit by the same name Let's Live for Today.
 Plus is an album by Cannonball Adderley Quintet released on the Riverside label featuring performances by Adderley with Nat Adderley Wynton Kelly Victor Feldman Sam Jones and Louis Hayes. The two additional tracks added on the CD reissue an alternate take of Lisa and O.P. were discovered in the mid-1980s. The latter is named after Oscar Pettiford but features a different lineup; for instance Adderley does not play on it.
 Passage is the fourth album by Swiss heavy metal band Samael. On this album the band opted for more intensive use of keyboards and industrial sounds drifting from their black metal roots and progressing in a different direction.
 Lepaca Kliffoth is the fourth full-length studio release by Swedish heavy metal band Therion. The title refers to the Qliphoth.
 Live at CBGB is an album of live material recorded in July 2000 at CBGB in New York by the hardcore punk band Kill Your Idols. It was released in August 2005 on Blackout Records.
 Friend or Foe was the first solo album by Adam Ant released after Adam and the Ants disbanded in early 1982. Friend or Foe also became Adam Ant's most successful solo album giving him the hit song Goody Two Shoes which peaked at No. 1 on the UK charts and at No. 12 in the USA; along with the innovative video this made him a crossover (over the Atlantic) star.
 'Girl' is the sixth album from Australian rock-grunge band Magic Dirt. Produced by Magic Dirt and Lindsay Gravina at Birdland Studios Melbourne.The album was released on 5 July 2008 debuting at #7 on the Australian Independent Music chart. 'Romy' a song the band had been playing live since the Beast tour served as lead single from the album. In support of the album the band embarked on the extensive 'No Sleep Til Christmas' tour starting in July and ending in December 2008.
 Ultimate L.A. Guns is a greatest hits album by L.A. Guns a hard rock band from Los Angeles California that came to prominence in the 1980s. Much like the band's earlier compilation Greatest Hits and Black Beauties this compilation consists of re-recorded versions of the band's hits not the original versions.This however is a compilation album due to all the tracks that appear to be the original versions actually being from Greatest Hits and Black Beauties.
 Fresh is the third studio album by Canadian R&B and Dance-pop singer Shawn Desman. It was first released in Canada on August 3 2010.
 This article is about the 1988 indie album by the industrial rock band PIGFor the unrelated live album of the 1976 benefit show for Amnesty International – see: A Poke In The Eye (With A Sharp Stick)A Poke in the Eye... With a Sharp Stick is a 1988 album by Raymond Watts under the moniker PIG. It was reissued in Japan in 1998 by Blue Noise. An extremely low-budget promotional video for Shit for Brains exists and was released on the Best Of Berlin Independence Days '88 compilation VHS.
 Green Sprouts Music Week 1993 is a live album by Rheostatics released on Zunior Records in 2012. From April 12 to April 18 1993 The Rheostatics played their first of many Green Sprouts Music Weeks.
 Mr Lucky is a retrospective album by Pete Thomas.It was officially released on 12 March 2007 but was available to purchase from 25 October 2006 from Pete Thomas' website.
 Now That's What I Call Music! 68 or Now 68 was released on 19 November 2007. The album is the 68th edition of the original (UK) series. It was released on Compact Disc and available in digital download format.Now 68 features six songs which reached number one on the UK Singles Chart: Bleeding Love About You Now Stronger Beautiful Girls The Way I Are and With Every Heartbeat.The Phil Colins song In the Air Tonight previously appeared on Now 12.
 DAO is an album by American jazz saxophonist David S. Ware recorded in 1995 and released on Homestead. In contrast with most of the quartet's previous albums they didn't undergo the usual rigorous rehearsals for the recording getting into the studio the day after the Oblations and Blessings sessions. DAO was the fitfh and last recording by the David S. Ware Quartet with drummer Whit Dickey who would be replaced by Susie Ibarra.
 Acid Eaters is the thirteenth studio album by the American punk band Ramones.Recorded in 1993 towards the end of the Ramones' career the album is often set apart from other Ramones releases in that it is entirely composed of covers.
 Ode to Life is an album by American jazz pianist Don Pullen and the African-Brazilian Connection recorded in 1993 for the Blue Note label.
 Nocturne is the debut album by American metal band The Human Abstract. It was recorded at The Basement in Rural Hall North Carolina and Trax East in South River New Jersey. On the band's MySpace page as well as in the Metal=Life compilation CD the last 30 or so seconds of Desiderata are included as part of the intro to Vela Together We Await The Storm.
 Music for 'The Dead Man 2: Return of the Dead Man' is an EP by the Japanese noise Musician Merzbow. The music was made for The Dead Man 2: Return of the Dead Man a film by South African film maker Ian Kerkhof.All music composed by Masami Akita.
 Roller Coaster is the second album released in 2004 by Scott Cain singer-songwriter and winner of Australian Popstars 2002. It was released on the ABC Kids label and is targeted at children but is lyrically relatively adult and not dissimilar to his debut album Controlled Folly.
 Soon in an EP released in 1997 by American rock band Far.It contains two songs later released on their 1998 release Water & Solutions an acoustic version of a song released on their earlier release Tin Cans With Strings To You and one song previously unreleased. This EP was a limited release and has long been out of print it is extremely hard to find.
 Bridges Worth Burning is an album by the band Kind of Like Spitting. It was released on August 6 2002 on Barsuk Records.Ben Gibbard of Death Cab for Cutie contributed by playing drums on this album.
 Joy of a Toy is the debut solo album of Kevin Ayers a founding member of Soft Machine. Its whimsical and unique vision is a clear indication of how Soft Machine might have progressed under Ayers' tenure. He is accompanied on the LP by his Soft Machine colleagues Robert Wyatt Mike Ratledge and Hugh Hopper.After a Soft Machine tour of the USA with the Jimi Hendrix Experience Ayers had decided to retire from the music business.
 Deliverance is the second album by American rapper Bubba Sparxxx released on September 16 2003 by Beat Club/Interscope Records. It was produced by Timbaland and Organized Noize. The album debuted at #10 on the Billboard 200 with 64500 copies sold in the first week released.
 Calliope Click is the seventh studio album by rapper C-Murder. The album was released on September 29 2009 under Tru Records and RBC Records which was a month after his life imprisonment sentence for second degree murder.
 Live from Austin Music Hall is a live album released by Chris Tomlin in 2005.The album was recorded at Austin Music Hall on September 18 2005. The Austin Music Hall was packed and over 2000 people had to be turned away. This album was dedicated to the 2000 that didn't get in.
 The Honeycombs was the first album by the British pop group The Honeycombs. In the USA it was called Here Are The Honeycombs (singing Have I The Right And Other Hits). Most songs were written by Ken Howard and Alan Blaikley.
 Ashes Grammar is the second full-length album from A Sunny Day in Glasgow released on LP CD and mp3 formats on September 15 2009 by Mis Ojos Discos. The vinyl version was limited to 200 copies. It has a different sleeve and a slightly different track listing compared to the other formats (the track Blood White appears between Passionate Introverts and West Philly Vocoder).
 Acts of Love is an album of 50 poems by Penny Rimbaud of the anarchist punk band Crass set to classical music composed and arranged by Penny Rimbaud and Paul Ellis and performed by Steve Ignorant and Eve Libertine. Released in 1985 on Crass Records the record was accompanied by a book of 50 paintings by artist Gee Vaucher.In 2012 the album was rereleased on CD.
 FabricLive.60 is a 2011 DJ mix album by Brodinski. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Land Air Sea is the third album by The Special Goodness. It was originally released in February 2003 by N.O.S. Recordings and a remastered remixed and re-ordered edition was released on Epitaph Records on January 20 2004. The original N.O.S. version had three different covers while the Epitaph version just has one. Patrick Wilson considers this to be his first true release despite it being the third official Special Goodness album.
 Live at the Hollywood Palladium December 15 1988 is a live album by Keith Richards and was released on 10 December 1991 in the United States and 24 February 1992 in the United Kingdom. Recorded during the brief American tour the only leg of the shows in support of Talk Is Cheap in late 1988 Richards is supported by a set of musicians and friends dubbed The X-Pensive Winos. The Winos included Richards Waddy Wachtel Steve Jordan Charley Drayton Ivan Neville and Sarah Dash.
 XXV is the 25th-anniversary compilation album by Polish death metal band Vader. It was released in 2008 by Regain Records. The album is a collection of re-recorded songs from earlier Vader albums from The Ultimate Incantation up to The Beast.
 Greatest Hits is a 2005 greatest-hits album by Better Than Ezra released by Rhino Records.
 The Lemon of Pink is the second album by The Books released October 7 2003 on the Tomlab record label.
 Shoot the Moon Right Between the Eyes (sub-titled Jeffrey Foucault Sings the Songs of John Prine) is an album by singer/songwriter Jeffrey Foucault released in 2009. It is a tribute to musician John Prine.
 The Disappearance of the Girl is the debut studio album from British singer-songwriter Phildel. It was released on March 4 2013 through Decca Records.
 Jackie Brown: Music from the Miramax Motion Picture is the soundtrack to Quentin Tarantino's motion picture Jackie Brown. It was originally released on December 9 1997. The soundtrack uses a variety of music genres including soul. The soundtrack also includes dialogue from the motion picture and a lack of typical film score similar to the other soundtracks of Tarantino films.
 Infiltrate•Destroy•Rebuild abbreviated as IDR is the second studio album by American alternative metal band CKY. It was released on September 24 2002 by The Island Def Jam Music Group and supported by the releases of two singles Flesh into Gear and Attached at the Hip. This is the first and only recording to use the red and yellow logo all subsequent releases would feature a different color scheme. The physical jewel case version featured reflective gold foil in place of the yellow.
 Little Lost Blues by Bonny Billy is the third compilation of singles and rarities by Will Oldham. The previous two were Lost Blues and Other Songs (1997) and Guarapero/Lost Blues 2 (2000). It was offered as a limited edition bonus disc with some copies of The Letting Go LP and CD.Little Boy Blue is a George Jones cover I Confess is a Kevin Coyne cover and Less of Me is a Glen Campbell cover.
 NWA: TNA The Music Vol. 2 was the second CD released from NWA: TNA in late 2003. Like NWA: TNA The Music Vol. 1 it was not available in stores and had to be purchased from TNA's website. All of the tracks were composed by TNA's musician Dale Oliver.
 Reel to Real is the seventh album by the American rock band Love released in 1974. It is the only Love album that has never been released on compact disc.
 Flying Blind is the debut Studio album by Irish singer Niamh Kavanagh. It was released in November 1995.
 Song Bird is a 1977 album by Deniece Williams. The album went to number 23 and number 66 on the Black and Pop album Charts respectively. The single Baby Baby My Love's All For You reached number 13 and number 32 on the Black and UK singles.
 Celebrity Psychos marks the last of three compilation albums issued by Cornbugs. It draws into unreleased material as well as tracks from their out of print albums.
 Bif Naked is the first album by singer/songwriter Bif Naked released in 1995.
 Easy Rider is the soundtrack to the cult classic 1969 film Easy Rider. The songs that make up the soundtrack were carefully selected to form a musical commentary within the film. The album of the soundtrack was released by ABC-Dunhill Records in August 1969 (catalog no. DSX 50063). It peaked at #6 on the Billboard album charts in September of that year[citation needed] and was certified gold in January 1970.
 Ed Rec Vol. 1 is the first label compilation by Ed Banger. It was released on Ed Banger Records in 2006.
 Keep on Rockin' is the fourth studio album by the American country music band Confederate Railroad. It was issued by Atlantic Records in 1998. The album includes the singles The Big One and Cowboy Cadillac which respectively reached numbers 66 and 70 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts. Simple Man a cover of Lynyrd Skynyrd previously appeared on the 1994 compilation album Skynyrd Frynds.
 Invicto is the fifth studio album by Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Tito El Bambino released on November 19 2012 by On Fire Music. The songs Dame La Ola and Por Qué Les Mientes a duet with Marc Anthony are the first two singles of the album. Tu Olor was released as the third single.
 Rega Lifney She... (meaning Just before…) is the second studio album by Israeli singer Shiri Maimon which was released on January 2008 by Helicon Records. It combines pop and R&B styles.Shiri's first single out of her second album was released in December 2007 entitled Yoter Tov Lisloach.
 Weltherrschaft is the first EP and sole release by the black metal band Mezzerschmitt. It was released in 2002 on Season of Mist productions. Weltherrschaft is a German word and translates to World Domination.
 Released on the 20th of April 2002 Rockman Theme Song Collection contains various theme songs from the video games in the Rockman classic X and DASH series.
 Yesterday's Dream is the seventh overall and sixth studio album recorded by the Four Tops issued by Motown Records in August 1968. The album was recorded as the main Motown songwriting/producing partnership of Holland–Dozier–Holland were leaving the label and as a result only contains one song from them I'm in a Different World which was released as a single.
 Lunatic Soul is the first solo album by Riverside's vocalist and bass guitarist Mariusz Duda released under the name Lunatic Soul.
 Only in Amerika is the fourth studio album by American rapcore band Hed PE. Released on Koch Records on October 19 2004 it is the band's first release on an independent label and the first album featuring guitarist Jaxon Benge and ex-Otep drummer Mark Moke Bistany. It peaked at #20 on the Top Independent Albums chart and at #186 on the Billboard 200.
 Coming Down from Red Lodge is an album by American musician Peter Ostroushko released in 2003. All the songs were written for performance on A Prairie Home Companion. Guests include Pat Donohue and Greg Leisz.
 Silver Monk Time is both a tribute record to the German-American beat band The Monks and the soundtrack to the award winning film Monks: The Transatlantic Feedback. The record was produced and compiled by the filmmakers Dietmar Post and Lucia Palacios. It was released in October 2006. The official record release was part of a major event at Berliner Volksbühne (Germany).
 № 4 (sometimes referred to as No. 4) is the fourth album released by Stone Temple Pilots on October 26 1999 by Atlantic Records. The album was a return to the band's earlier hard rock roots while also blending elements of heavy metal psychedelic rock and alternative rock. Despite the lack of promotion due to singer Scott Weiland's one-year jail sentence shortly before the album's release No. 4 was certified Platinum by the RIAA on August 7 2000 and by the CRIA in August 2001.
 Signals is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron featuring performances recorded in Baarn Holland in 1971 and released on the Freedom label.
 The Joan Baez Lovesong Album was a 1976 compilation Vanguard put together in their series of Joan Baez reissues following Baez' 1972 departure from their label. This one focused on the various love songs Baez had recorded during her Vanguard years including traditional and contemporary work as well as an arrangement of E. E. Cummings' All in Green My Love Went Riding by Peter Schickele. The cover painting was done by painter and musician Eric Von Schmidt.
 Resolution is Hidden in Plain View's second and final full-length album released on July 24 2007 through Drive-Thru Records. This album was released after the band had already broken up.The album was produced by Brian Mcternan.
 Billy Satellite was an American rock band based in Oakland California. Formed in 1983 the band consisted of Monty Byrom (guitar vocals keyboards) Danny Chauncey (guitar keyboards) Ira Walker (bass) and Tom Fee Falletti (drums). They are perhaps best known for composing and performing the original version of I Wanna Go Back which would later become a big hit for Eddie Money. It was also covered by Gregg Rolie on his 1985 self-titled release.
 Unplugged is the seventh release and first EP by the industrial rock band Godhead released online on October 24 2007. This live album was produced by Godhead during their acoustic Unplugged concert on Jonathan Davis' solo tour.
 Trapeze is the 1976 self-titled album by Trapeze. It is also the title of their 1970 debut album; see Trapeze (1970 album).
 The Sun Awakens is the ninth album by experimental indie rock band Six Organs of Admittance released in 2006. Six Organs' frontman Ben Chasny composed all of the album's material. The album mixes influences of folk and indie rock. An eastern influence is most prominent on the final track which includes drones chants and a ney.
 A Haunting Curse is Goatwhore's third full-length studio album.A live performance music video was filmed for Forever Consumed Oblivion which has seen airplay on MTV2's Headbangers Ball. Another music video was filmed for Alchemy of the Black Sun Cult.
 That Miliso Me Ta Asteria is an album by popular Greek artist Natassa Theodoridou. It was released in 2000 by Sony Music Greece and it went platinum.
 GU10 is a triple CD 10th anniversary release from Global Underground Ltd. celebrating their Global Underground series. Discs 1 and 2 feature tracks from the past ten years whereas the third features tracks produced from earlier. Aside from the standard three CD package there is also a three LP edition as well as a special limited edition which features a bonus unmixed fourth disc.
 Flying Cowboys is an album by Rickie Lee Jones released in September 1989 and produced by Walter Becker of Steely Dan.
 Magic Weapon's debut release was the self-titled Magic Weapon EP. The six-song self-released EP features Jordan Robson-Cramer on keyboard/vocals and Mathieu Malouf on guitar.
 Snowfall: The Tony Bennett Christmas Album is a 1968 studio album by Tony Bennett his first Christmas album. It was arranged and conducted by Robert Farnon.Though friends since the early 1950s Bennett and Farnon had not recorded together before Bennett having such reverence for Farnon's work that he felt he wasn't ready...(and) not developed enough as an artist to record with him.
 The Welsh Connection (on the album cover: Welsh-Connection) is the eleventh album by the Welsh psychedelic/progressive rock band Man and was released on the MCA Records label 1976. It was their first MCA release and the first after a change of line-up that saw John McKenzie take over on bass from Martin Ace and Phil Ryan rejoin.
 Goodbye Blues is the third album by The Hush Sound. It was released March 18 2008 on Fueled by Ramen/Decaydance and later debuted at #75 on the Billboard 200 selling over 11200 copies. The next week the album fell to #163.
 Therapy is the sixth EP by Tech N9ne released on November 5 2013 by Strange Music. The EP was produced by Ross Robinson and features guest appearances from Krizz Kaliko Bernz Wrekonize Caroline Dupuy Heerwagen and Tyler Lyon. Session musicians include guitarist Wes Borland of Limp Bizkit and Black Light Burns and hardcore punk drummer Sammy Siegler. The EP is categorized by an aggressive nu metal sound.
 Collide is the sixth full-length album from Christian rock band Skillet. It was originally released on November 18 2003 under Ardent Records. The album was re-released through Lava Records on May 25 2004 with the bonus track Open Wounds. The album peaked at No. 179 on the Billboard 200 and No. 5 on the Top Heatseekers. There is one music video for this album of the song Savior. The album artwork is according to John Cooper faith and fear colliding.
 GreatMixes is a remix album released by Supergroove in 1994 to capitalise on the band's success generated by their hit album Traction and the large following they had attracted worldwide from their live performances. Whilst only a stopgap release it was remixed by the New Zealand hip hop artist DLT.
 Solid Gold 68 is the title of a recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins released on RCA Victor LSP-4061. It is the first in a series of three albums providing Chet with the opportunity to interpret some of the pop hits of the year. It reached No. 18 on the Country Album charts.
 Advent: Christmas is an EP released by Future of Forestry. It was released in 2008.
 Da ti kažem šta mi je is the eight studio album by Zdravko Čolić released in 1990.
 Channel V At The Hard Rock Live is the third live album released by Richard Marx.
 Animatronic is the third album from Norwegian Industrial Metal band The Kovenant and was released in 1999 through Nuclear Blast.
 Ascents is the first solo project by Dennis Bayne Culp formerly of Five Iron Frenzy and Brave Saint Saturn. The album is a collection of psalms that Dennis put to music over a period of time in the 1990s. Inspired by Eugene Peterson's book A Long Obedience in the Same Direction Dennis was touched so much by these psalms (120-131) that he endeavored to express them with music and to convey their impact on his life.
 The Modern Jazz Quartet at Music Inn is a live album by American jazz group the Modern Jazz Quartet featuring performances recorded in Lenox Massachusetts in 1956 with guest artist Jimmy Giuffre appearing on three numbers and released on the Atlantic label.
 'Tucky Buzzard' is the eponymous debut album by the British rock band Tucky Buzzard. It was produced by The Rolling Stones' bass player Bill Wyman. The album was featured on the band's 2005 compilation album Time Will Be Your Doctor - Rare Recordings 1971-1972 in its entirety.Time Will Be Your Doctor was also recorded by Fuzzy Duck for their self-titled debut album the same year.
 Jazz 'n' Samba is an album by American jazz vibraponist Milt Jackson featuring performances recorded in 1964 for the Impulse! label.
 Polaroid' is a 1999 b-side album released by Phantom Planet. It was released between their debut album Is Missing released in 1998 and The Guest which was released in 2002. The songs on the record are culled from the recording process of Is Missing. It is available only through the band's fan club.
 Prime Design/Time Design is a live album written by the American jazz composer Ornette Coleman and recorded by a string quartet with Ornette's son Denardo Coleman on drums at the Caravan of Dreams in 1985 and released on the Caravan of Dreams label.
 Travels into Several Remote Nations of the World is the first album by The Yellow Moon Band released in 2009. The title of the album was inspired by the sub-title of Jonathan Swift's Gulliver's Travels.
 The Return of Mr. Zone 6 is a studio album by American rapper Gucci Mane. It was released on March 22 2011 through 1017 Brick Squad Records. Drumma Boy produced a majority of the album along with Zaytoven PHRECORDS and Southside. The Return of Mr. Zone 6 scored 65/100 to indicate generally positive reviews. The album landed a spot on the Billboard 200 at number 18 with first week sales of 22064. It also charted at number two on the Rap Albums chart.
 My Demons is the debut album by dubstep producer Distance. It was released in 2007 on µ-Ziq's Planet Mu records.
 Plans for a Better Day is the first studio EP by Welsh post-hardcore band Hondo Maclean released on June 2 2003 on Mighty Atom Records. The cover is a self-taken photograph of one of Asia Argento's tattoos sent to the band after she heard and enjoyed the track named after her.The ep's title takes its name from lyrics in the song Mortal Kombat
 Very Best of the Carpenters was a compilation album of hits by The Carpenters released in 1982 by Festival Records in Australia (Cat No. RML 52017). The album spent one week at the top of the Australian albums chart in 1983.
 Nachan Main Audhay Naal (Punjabi: نچاں میں اودے نال) is sixth and to date the latest pop music album Pakistani singer Abrar-ul-Haq. It was released on June 1 2004.
 Shottyo is the 8th studio album by the Bangladeshi hard rock band Warfaze released on 22 October 2012.
 Greedy is the final album released in 1997 by New Zealand band Headless Chickens.
 Size Isn't Everything is the Bee Gees' twentieth studio album (eighteenth worldwide) released in the UK on 13 September 1993 and the US on 2 November of the same year.
 The final studio album from UK hard rock band Skin.
 Born is an EP released by D'espairsRay on April 28 2004. The CD was re-released excluding the DVD on July 21 2004 because the album had sold out within a small amount of time.
 Escape is the first album studio from singer French Thomas Baroche.the album has sold 9 millions copies Worldwide that a great success in 2017 & 2018
 Plastic Beach is the third studio album by British virtual band Gorillaz released 3 March 2010 on Parlophone and Virgin Records. Conceived from an unfinished Gorillaz project called Carousel the album was recorded from June 2008 to November 2009 and produced primarily by group co-creator Damon Albarn. It features guest appearances by several artists including Snoop Dogg Gruff Rhys De La Soul Bobby Womack Mos Def Lou Reed Mick Jones Mark E.
 Milorg is the fourth album by the Norwegian black metal band Vreid. The name leads from the Norwegian resistance group Milorg in World War II. The songs are all about the German invasion of Norway during the Weserübung and their fight against them.
 Also known as Super Hits of the '70s: Have a Nice Day Volume 9 or Super Hits of the '70s Volume 9.
 Canned Heat is the 1967 debut album by Canned Heat. It was released shortly after their appearance at the Monterey Pop Festival and features performances of several blues covers.Canned Heat was re-released on CD in 1999 by French label MAM Productions under the title Rollin' and Tumblin'.
 Universal is the tenth album by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark released in 1996. It features songwriting contributions from co-founder Paul Humphreys who departed the band in 1989 and Karl Bartos (formerly of Kraftwerk). The album spawned the band's first Top 20 hit in the UK for over five years with the track Walking on the Milky Way. However follow-up single Universal and the album itself performed poorly and this lack of success prompted singer Andy McCluskey to disband the group.
 Reflections is Kurt Rosenwinkel's eighth album as a band leader.
 Tex Book Tenor is an album by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin featuring the last performances Ervin recorded as a leader in 1968 for the Blue Note label. The session was first released in 1976 as a double LP Back from the Gig combined with a 1964 session recorded under Horace Parlan's leadership (released in 1988 as Happy Frame of Mind) and finally released in 2005 on CD.
 This Is the Life is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist Duane Steele. It was released by Mercury Records in September 1997. Included are the Top Ten singles Tell the Girl and If I Could Just Get to You and a cover of Gordon Lightfoot's If You Could Read My Mind.
 Live at the Isle of Wight redirects here. For similarly named albums see Live at the Isle of Wight 1970 (disambiguation).Blue Wild Angel: Live at the Isle of Wight is a posthumous live album by Jimi Hendrix released on November 12 2002 and re-released in 2004 as a 3-disc 'Deluxe Sound & Vision Edition' in a special box and slip cover format as part of Experience Hendrix's plan to re-release most of Jimi Hendrix's recorded material. The album documents Hendrix's last U.K.
 Intimacy is the third studio album by British indie rock band Bloc Party. It was recorded in two weeks at several locations in London and Kent during 2008 and was produced by Paul Epworth and Jacknife Lee. Inspired by the release options available in the Internet age the band members made the album available for purchase on their website as a digital download on 21 August 2008. Minimal promotion was undertaken in the UK.
 London Town is the sixth studio album by the band Wings released in 1978. Recording the album was a long and tumultuous project which saw the loss of two band members the birth of a baby and the release of the then best-selling single in British history. Wings band member Denny Laine covered Children Children and Deliver Your Children in 2007 on his album Performs the Hits of Wings.
 Tha Hall of Game is the third studio album by American rapper E-40 released October 29 1996 on Jive and Sick Wid It Records. The album features production by Ant Banks Mike Mosley Rick Rock Studio Ton and Tone Capone. It peaked at number 2 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 4 on the Billboard 200. One single Things'll Never Change/Rapper's Ball peaked at number 19 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs. and performed well on several other charts as well.
 Soulful Dress is a blues album by Marcia Ball released in 1984 through Rounder Records.
 Con Mi Soledad is the debut album from the winner of the fourth season of Objetivo Fama Juan Vélez.The album was released on December 11 2007. In its first week the album opened at number eight on the Billboard Top Latin chart. The album was nominated at the 2008 Latin Billboard Awards.
 Ella Fitzgerald at the Newport Jazz Festival: Live at Carnegie Hall is a 1973 (see 1973 in music) live album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald accompanied by a reconstructed Chick Webb Band the pianist Ellis Larkins and for the second half of the album the Tommy Flanagan Quartet (featuring Joe Pass).This was a historic night for Fitzgerald reuniting her with many members that had worked with her when she performed with the drummer and Bandleader Chick Webb in the mid-1930s.
 First album by the Lebanese singer Nancy Ajram released in 1998. Title Mihtagalak (Arabic محتجالك) means I need you.The breakthrough came with the third album Ya Salam. Nancy Ajram is now one of the richest and most successful pop-music stars in the Arab world.
 Their Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by Hot Chocolate. It was released in 1993 by EMI Records and peaked at number one on the UK Albums Chart.
 The Best of Holly Cole is a compilation album by Holly Cole. It was released in the US in 2000 on Blue Note Records.
 New Morning is the eleventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan released on October 19 1970 by Columbia Records.Coming only four months after the controversial Self Portrait the more concise and immediate New Morning won a much warmer reception from fans and critics. Most welcome was the return of Dylan's familiar nasal singing voice.
 You & I is the 2008 debut album from Auckland pop-rock band Cut Off Your Hands. It was released in 2009 in the US. It was recorded with well-known indie producer Bernard Butler.
 Deeper Space released in 2007 is Joe Boyd Vigil's second album. The album was released exclusively on iTunes.
 Prelude to a Kiss is a 1958 concept album by Mel Tormé. The album charts the course of a relationship each track is interspersed with dialogue.
 Off the Hook is the second studio album by American R&B singing group Xscape released by So So Def Recording on July 18 1995 in North America. The album was production by Jermaine Dupri features a guest appearance by MC Lyte. Off the Hook spawned four singles including Feels So Good Do You Want To Who Can I Run To and Can't Hang.Off The Hook was certified platinum by the RIAA.
 Street Fame is Twisted Black's third album. It was released on March 6 2007. The first single is I'm A Fool With It. The second single is Throw It Up featuring Chyna Whyte and Yo Gotti.
 Феникс (Phoenix) is the eleventh studio album by Russian heavy metal band Ария (Aria) released in 2011 and the first to feature vocalist Михаил Житняков (Mikhail Zhitnyakov).
 One Year is the debut album by singer Colin Blunstone former member of the British rock band The Zombies. It was released in 1971 (see 1971 in music). Two singles — Caroline Goodbye b/w Though You Are Far Away followed by Say You Don't Mind b/w Let Me Come Closer — were issued with the second one reaching number 15 in the UK.
 The Story of The Dawn: The Ultimate OPM Collection is a compilation album by The Dawn released in 2001. It is a repackaged reissue of The Dawn: OPM Timeless Collection Gold Series a compilation album released in 1997 containing exactly the same tracks in similar sequence.
 Live for Now! is an album by Iron Cross released in 2001.
 So Friday Night So Friday Tight is the debut EP by The Friday Night Boys produced by Sean Small. It was released on 2007.
 Kick Snare Hats Ride is a live compilation album by British indie rock band Hefner. It was a self-released mail order album that was put out in 2001 compiling various live appearances by lead singer Darren Hayman and the full band. This release was compiled by Jack Hayter.
 Your New Favourite Band is a collection by The Hives released in 2001 featuring tracks from their first two albums and the A.K.A. I-D-I-O-T EP. The decision to release such a compilation was made with the intention of achieving mainstream success in the UK and the US. The album was featured on the list 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
 Valotte is the debut pop studio album by singer-songwriter Julian Lennon. The album which was recorded at several studios from February to August 1984 was produced by Phil Ramone (The Nylon Curtain). It was released in October 1984 on Charisma and Atlantic. The album was first certified gold in the United States in the new year then shortly afterwards being certified platinum.
 Your Choice Live Series Vol.10 is a live album by Scream released in 1990 through Your Choice Records. It was recorded live at the Oberhaus in Alzey Germany on May 4 1990.The band also performed the song A No Money Down that was left off this album and appears on the It's Your Choice compilation.
 10 Years of Cheap Fame is the fifth and last album by 28 Days.10 Years of Cheap Fame features several hit release singles from previous 28 Days albums drawing especially from Upstyledown.
 Shaving Peaches was the follow-up to Terrorvision's 1996 album Regular Urban Survivors. It found Terrorvision heading in a more chart-oriented pop direction with co-production from Edwyn Collins. Here the band push their sound further than before veering away from metal towards a soft rock sound that uses actual electronic beats.
 The Baroness is the fourth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter and pianist Sarah Slean released on March 11 2008.
 At Basin St. East is a short live album recorded in 1961 by Billy Eckstine. On this album Eckstine is backed by bandleader Quincy Jones. It was originally released on October 1 1961 on the EmArcy label but reissued in 1990 by Polygram.
 Re-Boot: Live '98 (also called Re:Boot or [:RE: BOOT]) is a live album from Front 242 released in 1998. This album stands in contrast to the band's previous live album Live Code in that many of its tracks are radical reworkings of the band's earlier songs. Front 242 has identified The Prodigy as an influence on the style of this album. A similar style is also used on the Front 242 live performance DVD Catch the Men.
 Samiam is the debut album from the American band Samiam released in 1990 on New Red Archives.
 The Beginning Stages of... is the debut album from The Polyphonic Spree. The US re-release version of the album has both the original CD plus a bonus CD that features four alternate tracks and a music video for Light & Day (Single Version). The UK re-release is identical to the original release. The album is also available on gatefold vinyl.
 Last Fair Deal Gone Down is the fifth full-length album by Katatonia released in 2001 by Peaceville Records. The album is named after a song by delta blues singer Robert Johnson.
 It's Just Begun is the second album by the Jimmy Castor Bunch released in 1972 on RCA Records. It's Just Begun and Troglodyte (Cave Man) have each become staples in hip-hop sampling. Songs from the album have been sampled more than twenty-five times.The album hit #11 on the R&B charts and #27 on the Billboard 200.
 Chicago Concert is a live album by saxophonists James Moody and Gene Ammons recorded in Chicago in 1971 and released on the Prestige label.
 Domestic Blues was the first solo album from Northern Ireland based singer-songwriter Bap Kennedy and was released in 1998. The album was generally well-received with allmusic calling it an exceptionally intelligent recording and Uncut saying that [Domestic Blues is] a fine collection of songs and reached number 8 in the billboard Americana chart
 The Pelt is the first poetry book/CD by American indie hip hop artist Doseone. It was released in 2003. The CD contains excerpts of the book read aloud by Doseone in a style similar to the one heard on his previous album Slowdeath.
 To The Nines is the first album by melodic hardcore side project band Only Crime. It was released by Fat Wreck Chords on July 13 2004 and features Good Riddance's Russ Rankin Bane's Aaron Dalbec and renowned drummer and producer Bill Stevenson of Black Flag and Descendents fame. It also features Doni and Zach Blair brothers who made up half the band Hagfish.
 Foe is an EP by blackmail. The track Foe was featured in the Japan release of their album Friend or Foe?. Andy Gill produced this album together with the band in London.
 Greatest Hits is Bruce Springsteen's first compilation album released February 27 1995 on Columbia Records. It is a collection of some of Springsteen's hit singles and popular album tracks through the years and four extra numbers at the end mostly recorded with the E Street Band in 1995. The latter constituted Springsteen's first (albeit very partial) release with his backing band since the late 1980s.
 Neon Ballroom is the third studio album by Australian alternative rock band Silverchair and was released on 8 March 1999. The album debuted at number-one on the ARIA Albums Chart and was certified 4× platinum by ARIA. It was also certified Gold in the United States. It genereated the singles Anthem for the Year 2000 Ana's Song (Open Fire) Miss You Love and Paint Pastel Princess.
 New York What Is Funky is an album by the Ultramagnetic MCs. Ced Gee supplied the tracks to Tuff City. These tracks were recorded from '90-'94 recording sessions. Chuck Chillout is a tribute to DJ Chuck Chillout.
 In Pas(s)ing is the debut album by guitarist Mick Goodrick recorded in 1978 and released on the ECM label.
 Matador is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1964 but not released on the Japanese Blue Note label until 1979. The album was finally reissued in the U.S. on CD in 1990 with one bonus track. It was also reissued on vinyl in 2009 with a different cover.
 Your Universe is the debut album of the former Rivermaya frontman Rico Blanco.
 The Garth Brooks Collection is the first compilation album of American country pop artist Garth Brooks. It was released on September 2 1994 and contains ten of Brooks' favorite songs including his debut single Much Too Young (To Feel This Damn Old). This album was only available at McDonald's restaurants for a limited time to raise money for the Ronald McDonald Children's Charities. The Charity received one dollar for every album sold.
 2010 is the ninth album by Israeli Li-Ron Choir. It was released in Israel on February 2011.
 Columbine is the debut studio album by Danish singer-songwriter Aura Dione. It was released on January 28 2008 in Denmark by Music for Dreams and on November 27 2009 in Germany by Island Records. The German edition includes the #1 single I Will Love You Monday (365) Stay the Same and Lulla Goodbye which did not feature on the original Danish release. A Video was shoot for the song Glass Bone Crash.
 Süß und Gemein is the second studio album of the German rock/pop duo Lucilectric released in 1996. The album reached #45 in the Austrian charts while the highest charting single Liebe macht dumm reached #20.
 Den tatuerade generationen is a 2004 album from Swedish pop and rock artist Magnus Uggla. It was a success peaking #1 in Sweden. The notable songs are Värsta Grymma Tjejen Nu har Pappa Laddat Bössan and Efterfest
 Convicted Felons is the fifth studio album from Turk and was released on September 5 2006. As of December 2008 the album has sold around 20000 copies.
 Overcast! is the debut studio album by Minneapolis hip hop group Atmosphere released in 1997 on Rhymesayers Entertainment. It's the only Atmosphere album to feature MC Spawn trading verses with Slug. Before the album's release Spawn left the group.The cover art is inspired by that of Judgment! released in 1964 by jazz pianist Andrew Hill.
 Songs for the Front Row is the 2001 Best of album by British rock group Ocean Colour Scene.Tracks 1-5 are from Moseley Shoals tracks 6-10 are from Marchin' Already tracks 11-13 are from One from the Modern and tracks 14-15 are from Mechanical Wonder.
 Devilry is an EP by the Swedish black metal band Funeral Mist. It was released in 1998.
 The B-Sides/The Conversation is an EP by the band The Afghan Whigs containing 4 cover versions and a two-part interview with Greg Dulli.
 The Winery Dogs is the debut album by the American hard rock supergroup of the same name.
 Eyes of Eternity is a 2003 heavy metal album released by Rob Rock. The album is his second release as a solo artist.
 Glorified Magnified is a rock album released in 1972 by Manfred Mann's Earth Band.The album was produced by Manfred Mann and Dave Hadfield (except It's All Over... by Manfred Mann and Tom McGuinness) at Maximum Sound Studios London in 1972.
 Burning Questions is a studio album by English singer and composer James Warren former member of groups Stackridge and The Korgis.
 In the Dynamite Jet Saloon is rock band The Dogs D'Amour's second studio album released in 1988. The album is the first featuring what is considered the classic line-up of the band.Three of the tracks from this album (The Kid from Kensington I Don't Want You to Go and How Comes It Never Rains) were released as singles with promotional videos to go along with them.
 Based on a True Story is the fifth studio album by rapper Silkk the Shocker. It was released on September 7 2004 on The New No Limit and was produced by Myke Diesel Donald XL Robertson and former Flipmode Squad member Serious Chart-wise Based on a True Story is thus far the lowest charting album of Silkk's careerpad debuting at #88 on the Billboard 200 #22 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #7 on the Independent Albums selling 27000 copies its first week of release.
 Dopádromo (Drug-O-Rama) is the third album by Argentine rock group Babasónicos.
 No Word From Tom is the third album from indie folk band Hem. Released on February 7 2006 it features covers live songs and new recordings from the band.
 The Bridge is the debut and only studio album by American punk-emo band Letter Kills. Produced by Jim Wirt the album was released on July 2 2004 through Island Records.
 Spoon is the self-titled 1994 first album by Spoon on which the Icelandic singer Emilíana Torrini contributed vocals for the first time. The album was only released in Iceland. Torrini sings on six of the tracks.
 Rosemary Lane is the seventh album by contemporary British folk musician Bert Jansch released in 1971.
 Candy is a 2005 compilation CD of Mandy Moore songs. It contains songs of Moore's that with the exception of Candy and I Wanna Be with You were never released as radio singles.Moore was reportedly displeased that this collection along with the album The Best of Mandy Moore featured songs from her first two albums since she has disowned that period of her career.
 The Cutter is a compilation album of Echo & the Bunnymen songs which was released in 1993.
 Andymori is Andymori's self-titled full-length debut album released on February 4 2009 (2009-02-04). It was released simultaneously with a vinyl EP with tracks from the album Tokai o Sugoi Hayasa de Hashiru Bengal Tora (都会をすごい速さで走るベンガルトラ Bengal Tiger Running Through Town with Great Speed).Unsigned singer Predawn contributed to chorus vocals in the track Aoi Sora.
 The Jerky Boys is the original soundtrack album of the film of the same title starring The Jerky Boys. It was released on January 24 1995.The Jerky Boys had a busy year in 1995; they took the year off as far as recording an album however. They did not release a new album until they departed from Select Records and signed to Mercury Records for their third album The Jerky Boys 3 which would be released the following year.
 Más Para Dar is the 32nd studio album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge and her first album in over four years. This album was released on November 13 2012. It contains nine new songs written by Yolandita Monge and an acoustic version of Vivo Por Tí. The albums follows the same musical and lyrical style as her previous releases Demasiado Fuerte and Mala. This albums marks the first independent release of the singer and it is available in CD and digital download at iTunes and Amazon.
 Funky Kingston is the name of two albums by reggae singing group Toots and the Maytals. The first was issued in Jamaica and the United Kingdom in 1972 on Dragon Records DRLS 5002 a subsidiary label of Island Records owned by Chris Blackwell. A different album with the same cover and title was issued in the United States in 1975 on Mango Records MLPS 9330. That album peaked at #164 on the Billboard 200 and was voted the eleventh best album of 1975 in the annual Pazz & Jop poll.
 Love Death and the Lady is an album by Shirley and Dolly Collins.This is a companion-piece to Anthems in Eden (1969) but with a darker tone to it. Many of the same instrumentalists are present (Musica Reservata) but used more sparsely. The figure of Death appears as a character in the title track. The Oxford Girl sung unaccompanied is about an apparently motiveless murder of a woman by her erstwhile lover.
 Awakened is the sixth studio album by the American metal band As I Lay Dying. It was released on September 25 2012 through Metal Blade Records. The album was produced by Bill Stevenson (the drummer of the Descendents) and recorded at The Blasting Room in Fort Collins Colorado and Lambesis Studios in San Diego California. On June 22 2012 the album title release date and first single were announced.
 Sunwheel Dance is the third studio album by Bruce Cockburn released in 1972. It was remastered and released by Rounder Records in 2005 with two bonus tracks. The album received a Canadian gold record award in 1988.
 Letters is the fourth album by American singer-songwriter Jimmy Webb released in 1972 by Reprise Records.
 Another Joyous Occasion is the second live album released by the Athens GA based band Widespread Panic. It was recorded over the Summer and Fall of 1999 when the band performed shows accompanied by The Dirty Dozen Brass Band. It was the first release on the band's own label Widespread Records after leaving Capricorn Records. It was released on June 6 2000.The album reached a peak position of #161 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Noah and the Whale Presents the A Sides is a limited edition EP released on 25 December 2008 by the folk rock band Noah and the Whale on Mercury Records Limited.
 Blink released on June 22 2010 is the current album from Christian Rock band Revive. Blink is their fourth studio album and second release on Essential Records.
 Gossip in the Grain is singer-songwriter Ray LaMontagne's third full-length release which was released on October 14 2008. The album was produced by Ethan Johns and recorded in Box England.
 Open Up and Bleed! is a live album by Iggy and the Stooges that was released in 1995. The copy on the CD cover shows a subtitle – The Great Lost Stooges Album? – and suggests a line-up of songs that the band had been performing in their live shows which might have been collected into a fourth studio album by the band that was never released.
 Mellotron On! was intended to be the Primitive Radio Gods' second album following Rocket. However the record company that was to release the album Sire Records went bankrupt shortly before its release. Most of the songs on Mellotron On! ended up on the band's true second album White Hot Peach; the remaining ones were made available over eMusic.
 Fist Sized Chunks is the third album by the grunge group Skin Yard. It was released in the spring of 1990 (see 1990 in music).
 Somewhere Between Free Men and Slaves is the first full-length studio album by Canadian hard rock band Organ Thieves released on April 24 2012 through MapleMusic Recordings through the Canadian iTunes later followed by a physical CD release on May 8 2012.
 Fire to Fire is an album released in 1995 by American country singer Tanya Tucker. It produced the singles Between the Two of Them and Find Out What's Happenin' both of which charted on the Hot Country Songs charts at #27 and #40 respectively. I'll Take Today waslater recorded by Ty England on his 1996 album Two Ways to Fall and in 1998 by Gary Allan on his album It Would Be You; Allan's rendition was released as a single in 1998.
 The Nature of Maps is the fourth album from Matt Pond PA released in 2002.
 A Sun Came is the debut folk rock music album by Sufjan Stevens released in 1999 on Asthmatic Kitty. It was reissued four years later. Among Stevens' back catalog A Sun Came is notable for being recorded on four-track.
 The Horse is an EP by British singer-songwriter Alessi's Ark. It was her first release for Virgin and featured re-recorded versions of two songs from her debut release the Bedroom Bound EP The Horse and Let's Race and two new tracks Neighbour's Birds and Patchwork Of Dreams.Jake Bellows of Neva Dinova provides guest vocals on lead track The Horse.
 In Tokyo is a bossa nova album by João Gilberto recordedlive in Tokyo (Japan) in September 2003 and released in 2004.
 Goin' Through Changes is the second and thus far final album by Zumpano. It was released on 1996 on Sub Pop. The album is out of print. A video was made for the single Behind the Beehive
 Starring Steve Alaimo is Steve Alaimo's fifth album and first for the label of ABC-Paramount.
 Christmas!: A Newsboys Holiday EP is the first Christmas album and EP by the Newsboys featuring The Christmas Song by Tait and four other favorite Christmas carols and songs by the Newsboys.
 Fas – Ite Maledicti in Ignem Aeternum (Latin for Divine Law – Go Accursed into Everlasting Fire) is a 2007 album by the black metal band Deathspell Omega. The album takes its title from the Vulgate translation of Matthew 25:41 discedite a me maledicti in ignem æternum usually quoted as ite maledicti in ignem aeternum. The album was released as a digipak with a 20-page booklet on July 16 2007 and in the United States on July 17 2007 through The Ajna Offensive.
 Christmas with the Rat Pack is a 2002 album compiling Christmas songs by Frank Sinatra Dean Martin and Sammy Davis Jr.
 Rabo de Nube is a live album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd recorded in Basel in 2007 by the Charles Lloyd Quartet featuring Jason Moran Reuben Rogers and Eric Harland.
 OX is metalcore band Coalesce's fourth studio album and first full length released since 1999's 0:12 Revolution in Just Listening. The album was released on June 9 2009 in the United States through Relapse Records and on June 15 2009 to the rest of the world. OX became Coalesce's first charting release peaking at number 28 on the US Top Heatseekers chart.
 The Candidate is the second solo studio album by British singer-songwriter Steve Harley released in 1979.
 The Very Best of the Human League is a DVD by veteran British Synthpop group The Human League containing most of the band’s music videos recorded up to that point digitally re-mastered.
 Flight of the Knife is the second album from the Brooklyn area indie rock artist Bryan Scary and the Shredding Tears. It is the group's first album as a full band as the previous album The Shredding Tears had been a solo effort primarily composed by Bryan Scary. It was released on Black and Greene Records in April 2008.
 Backstroke is the second LP released by Matthew Dear under his given name. The album was received fairly well by reviewers but thought to have been released too quickly after his previous album Leave Luck to Heaven.
 Polar is the second album by The High Water Marks. It was released in 2007 on Happy Happy Birthday To Me Records.
 Separate Ways is the second full-length album by singer-songwriter Teddy Thompson.Along with Thompson's parents Richard and Linda Thompson the album features contributions by Rufus and Martha Wainwright Jenni Muldaur Dave Mattacks Matt Chamberlain Smokey Hormel Tony Trischka and Garth Hudson (of The Band). The song Separate Ways featured in 2008 film 'My Best Friend's Girl'
 Rum Sodomy & the Lash is the second studio album by the London-based folk punk band The Pogues released in 1985. The album's title is taken from a quotation often misattributed[citation needed] to Winston Churchill: Don't talk to me about naval tradition. It's nothing but rum sodomy and the lash. Singer and primary songwriter Shane MacGowan claimed that the title was suggested by drummer Andrew Ranken.
 Tool Omri (English: All My Life) is the name of Nawal Al Zoghbi's 8th album which was released in 2001. It was produced by Rotana.The album's title song was a huge hit and marked a change of style for Nawal as it was influenced by Latin American music incorporating the salsa beat.
 Beautiful People is a 1971 album by UK pop group The New Seekers. This was the group's third album and their last one released on the Philips record label. It was their first to be solely produced by David Mackay who would guide the group through their most successful period over the next two years.
 Hunting My Dress is a 2009 album by Jesca Hoop with most of the material written and recorded after the artist moved to Manchester England.
 Robbie Seay Band Live is a live album by the Robbie Seay Band.
 London is the debut studio album by British punk rock band Apologies I Have None released on 19 March 2012. The CD was self-released and the vinyl by Household Name Records. The album's artwork was done by friend of the band Emma Smith.
 Voices of Animals and Men is the first full-length album by The Young Knives released on 21 August 2006. The album's title is a reference to the Adam and the Ants song Animals and Men. The cover features a figure made of straw a reference to the Whittlesey Straw Bear Festival.The album was nominated for the 2007 Mercury Music Prize.
 Wild Animals is the 13th solo studio album by Juliana Hatfield. The album is mostly acoustic and was released on September 10 2013 It was created with the monetary contribution of Hatfield's fans through PledgeMusic with a portion of the funds raised going to the Northeast Animal Shelter in Massachusetts and to Save a Sato in Puerto Rico.
 Sovereign is an EP by the Oakland California band Neurosis. As with the previous album Times of Grace (and each Neurosis album since) it was recorded by Steve Albini at Electric Audio in Chicago Illinois. The CD contains a mixed-media CD-Rom portion featuring visuals and music reminiscent of their live shows and their work under the Tribes of Neurot moniker. In 2011 Neurot Recordings released a reissue that includes bonus track Misgiven.
 Kingdom is the sixth studio album by Kumi Koda; it was released on January 30 2008. The album debuted at number one on the Oricon Weekly Chart with sales of 421302.
 The Walter Bishop Jr. Trio / 1965 is an album by pianist Walter Bishop Jr. which was recorded in 1962 and 1963 and released on the Prestige label.
 This Is an Outrage! is the second studio album by American power pop band Capital Lights with their previous album being released under the name Aftereight. Outrage placed on the X 2009 Christian rock hits compilation and Out of Control went to #1 on the R&R Christian Rock charts in 2008.
 Introspectivo is a studio album by American composer/arranger/pianist Clare Fischer recorded in December 2004 and released in October 2005 on the Mexican label M&L Music. Composed largely of previously unrecorded original compositions unearthed by his son Brent this would be the 76-year-old Fischer's fifth and final strictly solo piano recording.
 Porter Wayne and Dolly Rebecca is a duet album by Porter Wagoner and Dolly Parton released in March 1970. It contained the singles Just Someone I Used to Know' and Tomorrow is Forever both of which reached the top ten on the U.S. country charts as well as one of their best remembered musical fights Run That By Me One More Time. The album reached # 4 on the country albums charts.
 Collection is a 2002 compilation album from Swedish dansband Arvingarna.
 Statlanta is the debut studio album by Atlanta rapper Stat Quo. First recorded and set to be released in 2003 under Shady Records Aftermath Records and Interscope Records with mentors Eminem and Dr. Dre as executive producers it was reworked in 7 years not featuring any of the original material recordings it was released July 13 2010 under Sha Money XL's Dream Big Ventures label after many pushbacks.Statlanta debuted at #85 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 Love's Been Rough on Me is the twenty-second studio album by Etta James released in 1997 through Private Music. The album reached a peak position of number 6 on Billboard's Top Blues Albums chart.
 Alone at the Microphone is Royal City's second album.
 Mosaic is the fourth album proper by David Eugene Edwards' Wovenhand.
 The Other Side is a studio release by black metal band Alastis. It was released in 1997 on Century Media.
 Love Song is an album containing songs sung by Riya from Eufonius first released on August 31 2005 in Japan by Key Sounds Label bearing the catalog number KSLA-0019. The album contains one disc with thirteen tracks composed and produced by Jun Maeda of Key. Additional participating musicians include Kendi Sato on electric guitar for tracks two and twelve AchillesKEN on percussion for track seven and Weisswurst on violin for tracks seven and thirteen.
 Souls on Ice is the third and final studio album by American rapper Seagram. It was released posthumously on August 12 1997 by Rap-A-Lot/Noo Trybe Records a year after Seagram's passing. Seagram was murdered by gunfire on July 31 1996 while shielding his long-time friend Gangsta P. The album was produced by Mike Dean Terry T and Tone Capone. It peaked at number 66 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 40 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers.
 Disneymania 7 is the seventh and latest installment in the Disneymania series. It features a variety of contemporary performers taking on their own remixes of classic Disney songs. Disneymania 7 was released on March 9 2010.
 For the civil rights documentary see Eyes on the Prize.Eyes On The Prize is an album by New Zealand group 3 The Hard Way released in 2003. It charted at number 14 in November 2003.
 The New Nashville Cats is a country album by Mark O'Connor in conjunction with a variety of other musical artists. O'Connor selected a group of over fifty Nashville musicians many of who had worked with him as session musicians. The album was intended to showcase the instrumental side of the Nashville recording scene (O'Connor's liner notes).
 War Babies is the third album by Hall & Oates released in 1974 and their last of three albums for Atlantic Records before moving to the RCA label. The album was produced by Todd Rundgren and featured Utopia Rundgren's band at the time performing on the record.The album was a radical departure from the previous two albums alienating fans of the blue-eyed soul material that dominated the albums. War Babies is a more rock-oriented LP with heavy keyboard work and sarcastic lyrical content.
 Winter Song is the 1973 EP by the pioneer British Folk musician Wizz Jones. The songs were recorded on a tape recorder at concert promoter Willy Schwenken's house in Nottuln Germany circa 1972. The recordings also came as a bonus EP with the Double Album Soloflight and in 2007 were included as bonus tracks on the remastered CD release of When I Leave Berlin.
 Aspen Gold is an album by the American folk music group The Kingston Trio released in 1979 (see 1979 in music). The group consisted of the line up of Bob Shane George Grove and Roger Gambill.
 Amore is the first studio album by American rock band The Hooters and was released in 1983.
 A Rock and Roll Alternative is an album by the southern rock band Atlanta Rhythm Section released in 1976 (see 1976 in music). This album includes the band's biggest hit So Into You which peaked at number seven on the Billboard Hot 100 and number eleven on the Easy Listening chart.
 Chances is an album by Canadian singer-songwriter Jill Barber released October 14 2008 on Outside Music.The album was noted for marking a departure from Barber's established folk-pop style. On Chances Barber instead works within a jazz style which was compared by fans to Doris Day and Peggy Lee.The album was recorded primarily at Blue Rodeo's Woodshed Studios in Toronto with some string and horn arrangements recorded at the Glenn Gould Studio.
 Bajan Style is the debut studio album from Barbados-based pop group Cover Drive released on 7 May 2012 through Polydor Records. The band enlisted a variety of producers such as Future Cut Quiz & Larossi J.R. Rotem Aliby Orange Factory and Steve Mac to work on the record. The album is rooted in R&B pop reggae fusion hip hop and synthpop genres.
 We All Raise Our Voices to the Air (Live Songs 04.11–08.11) is a 2012 live album by the folk rock band The Decemberists. The album was recorded during the 2011 Popes of Pendarvia World Tour to promote the album The King Is Dead at venues across the United States. The album was released as a double Compact Disc and a triple vinyl LP set. The title comes from a line in the track The Infanta from the album Picaresque.
 The Astronauts Are Sleeping is a double album (actually released in two separate volumes) by Her Space Holiday released in 1999. It was re-released in 2002 as The Astronauts Are Sleeping 2.0.
 Inoxydable is the first studio album by French Canadian singer Marie-Mai released on 28 September 2004. The album was then released in France on April 10 2006. The album received platinum certification for selling more than 120000 copies.
 Outsides is an extended play by John Frusciante originally scheduled to be released on August 14 2013 in Japan and on August 27 2013 internationally on Record Collection but due to an error in the distribution process some pre-ordered CDs were shipped to customers during late July 2013. As a result the international record release date has been brought forward to the 6th August 2013. The EP was released in multiple formats including CD vinyl 32-bit digital formats and cassette.
 The Grafting is the third solo album by Christian rock singer and former Petra frontman John Schlitt. The album was released on January 22 2008 through TAG Artist Group. It was produced by Dan Needham who is Schlitt's son-in-law.The album release was marked by a premiere performance by Schlitt of the tracks The Grafting and Only Men from the album on the Celebration program which was aired internationally by the Daystar Television Network.
 Music to Climb the Apple Tree By is a b-sides and rarities compilation by indie rock band Beat Happening.
 A Higher Place is the first full-length album by American deathcore band Born of Osiris. It was released through Sumerian Records on July 7 2009. A Higher Place debuted at number 73 on the Billboard 200 selling over 6000 copies.In September 2009 the band announced a new single Now Arise and released the music video for it on the same day.
 Hell Hath No Fury is the second studio album by hip hop duo Clipse. The album was released on December 7 2006 in the United States on Re-Up Star Trak and Jive. Recording sessions for the album took place over a period of several years and suffered numerous delays prior to release.
 A State of Trance 2005 is a compilation album produced by trance artist Armin van Buuren released in 2005.
 Loud About Loathing is an EP by None More Black. It was released in 2004.
 Your Favorite MC is a collaborative album by Reef the Lost Cauze and production team Snowgoons released on October 25 2011 on Goon MuSick / iHipHop Distribution. The album is entirely produced by the Snowgoons.
 The Chronicles of Marnia is the fourth album by Marnie Stern released on March 19 2013 on Kill Rock Stars.
 Humanimals is the debut album released by San Diego alternative rock band Grand Ole Party. It was released on August 7 2007 on iTunes and was released on DH Records February 5 2008.The album was engineered by Jason Cupp at Eldorado Recording Studios and produced by Blake Sennett of Rilo Kiley and The Elected.
 I'm Hip (Please Don't Tell My Father) is a jazz album released by American guitarist vocalist songwriter and bandleader John Pizzarelli billed as John Pizzarelli Jr. at the time of release. Recorded and released in May 1983 it was Pizzarelli's debut studio album as a solo musician.
 Woman King is the fourth EP from Iron & Wine (aka Samuel Beam) released on February 22 2005 by Sub Pop Records.Woman King expanded on the studio sounds that marked his previous LP Our Endless Numbered Days and also included electric guitars. Each track featured a spiritual female figure and had subtle Biblical undertones although Beam has said in interviews that he is agnostic[1].
 Substance is a singles compilation album by the post-punk band Joy Division released on Factory Records in 1988. It is the companion to a similar singles compilation by their subsequent band New Order also entitled Substance. It peaked at #7 in the UK album chart and #146 on the Billboard 200 the band's only chart appearance in the United States. It also reached #15 in New Zealand and #53 in Australia in August 1988.
 Live in Praha is a live concert video from Radiohead's concert at Výstaviště Holešovice Prague Czech Republic on 23 August 2009.Producer : Nataly®Editing team : Peter Halliwell Vasek Chalupa Jeff Keiler and Liam Donovan-Dolan.The video from this show was filmed by the audience and was then carefully put together by a group of fans.
 Amerikaz Nightmare is the sixth studio album by hip-hop duo Mobb Deep. The album was released on Jive Records through a deal with the group’s own imprint. It features the singles Got It Twisted and Real Gangstaz. The album debuted at #4 on the Billboard 200 with approximately 109000 copies sold in its first week of release. The album sold around 400000 copies.
 D-File: For TV Programs d・file -for tv programs-  is the thirteenth solo album from Japanese musician Daisuke Asakura released on July 19 2006. According to the title each track on the album was used in a Japanese television program but it has never been specified by Asakura in exactly which television programs the tracks were used.
 The Way I Am is the third studio album from Christian folk rock musician Jennifer Knapp. It was released on November 20 2001 through Gotee Records.
 The Black Sabbath Story Vol. 1 - 1970-1978 is a documentary video by heavy metal band Black Sabbath.
 A Blow for Me a Toot to You is a 1977 album by funk musician Fred Wesley and the Horny Horns featuring Maceo Parker.
 Twilight is the debut album of the Gothic metal band Erben der Schöpfung.
 Art of Life Live is an X Japan live album released on March 18 1998. It is composed solely of one song Art of Life. Mostly recorded on December 31 1993 (the piano solo part is from the night before) at the Tokyo Dome. The album reached number 20 on the Oricon chart. This same performance was released on DVD and VHS as Art of Life 1993.12.31 Tokyo Dome five years later.
 Mouthful of Love is the debut album by rock band Young Heart Attack released in 2004.
 Of Sound Mind is the second album by Los Angeles-based metal band Ancestors released on October 6 2009 by Tee Pee Records.The album's artwork was created by Derek Albeck.
 The Flat Earth is Thomas Dolby's follow-up LP to The Golden Age of Wireless. It was recorded in 1983 and released in early 1984. It peaked at #14 in the UK Albums Chart. The first single from the album was Hyperactive! which peaked at #17 in the UK Singles Chart making it Dolby's highest-charting single in his home country. Second and third singles I Scare Myself and Dissidents (The Search For Truth) peaked at #46 and #90 respectively.
 Friends and Legends was the second solo album from Michael Stanley. The album title refers to the backing musicians accompanying Stanley on the album which was recorded at Applewood Studios in Golden Colorado. The basic band on all tracks was Barnstorm composed of Joe Walsh on lead guitar and synthesizer Joe Vitale on drums flute synthesizer and backing vocals and Kenny Passarelli on bass.
 Uzmi me (kad hoćeš ti) is a live double album by the Bosnian band Crvena jabuka. The album was recorded during a 1989 tour of the promotion of their fourth studio album Tamo gdje ljubav počinje. It was released in 1990 one year after the concert at the Zagreb Sports Arena.One single on this album is the song Bacila je sve niz rijeku which was originally done by Sarajevo band Indexi.
 Nemi is a Norwegian comic strip written and drawn by Lise Myhre. It made its first appearance in 1997 under the title Den svarte siden (the Black Side or the Black Page). At that time it was a very dark cartoon concerning heavy metal subcultures. Over the years Myhre has turned it brighter though she still frequently publishes strips about serious issues especially in the larger Saturday panels.
 We Sing. is the first EP of a three EP collection that was available for a limited time from singer/songwriter Jason Mraz to help promote his third studio album We Sing. We Dance. We Steal Things. Physical copies of this EP are rare. It was mainly released for those who pre-ordered We Sing We Dance We Steal Things from JasonMraz.com. The EP was released on March 18 2008. The EP is also included on the Limited Edition of We Sing. We Dance. We Steal Things.
 Doll Domination is the second and final studio album by American pop girl group The Pussycat Dolls. It was released from September 19 2008 by Interscope Records. The album debuted at number four on the Billboard 200 chart selling 80000 copies in its first week. Initially reported the album would be called To Those Who Wait but they would later go on to say in an interview that the album would now be named Doll Domination after receiving many requests from fans.
 It's a Game is the fourth album by Edith Frost released on November 15 2005 through Drag City.
 One is the debut album of German singer Edita Abdieski. Abdieski rose to fame after winning the first season of the TV show X Factor in Germany. One was released on March 18 2011. It includes her top ten hit I've Come to Life and her second single The Key which was written by Jörgen Elofsson who has also written songs for Celine Dion and Britney Spears. Another highlight is the feature with Latin star Ricky Martin.
 Fe is the second album by Mexican singer Reyli released on April 17 2007 (see 2007 in music) by Sony International.
 Eccentric Soul: The Capsoul Label is the first compilation album by The Numero Group and first volume in the Eccentric Soul series.Short for Capital City Soul the Columbus Ohio Capsoul label's history spans only five years throughout the 1970s. Founded by Bill Moss a local singer and DJ at WVKO in Columbus Capsoul released just a dozen 45's and one highly sought after LP resulting in a few regional hits.
 Bruce Springsteen with The Sessions Band: Live in Dublin is a 2007 video and audio offering that captures in-concert performances from the Bruce Springsteen with The Seeger Sessions Band Tour recorded in November 2006 at The Point Theatre in Dublin Ireland. The release consists of a concert DVD a Blu-ray Disc and separate two-CD audio set.
 The Spirit of Christmas 1996 is the fourth compilation album of Christmas-associated tracks in the annual Spirit of Christmas series. It was released in Australia in November 1996 with proceeds going to the Starlight Foundation. The compilation has contributions from various Australian artists and was produced by Lindsay Field (also compiler) and Glenn Wheatley. It was issued on cassette and CD by Myer Grace Bros. and distributed by Sony BMG.
 Gemilang is an album released in 2005 by Jaclyn Victor the first Malaysian Idol. This album has eleven tracks including Tunggu Sekejap When I Fall in Love and Gemilang the three songs performed by Jaclyn Victor which eventually led to her winning the inaugural competition.
 Schoolhouse Rocks the Vote!: A Benefit for Rock the Vote is a tribute album based on the Emmy Award-winning animated TV series Schoolhouse Rock!. It was released by Rhino Records in 1998 as a fundraiser for Rock the Vote the youth voting advocacy and political awareness organisation. It contains 10 tracks some of which are covers of songs from the original Schoolhouse Rock! programmes though some are new songs in the style of the cartoon.
 Sincerely Brenda Lee is the sixth studio album by American pop and country artist Brenda Lee. The album was released February 12 1962 on Decca Records and was produced by Owen Bradley. It was the first of two studio albums released by Brenda Lee in 1962 and did not spawn any singles.
 Train-Train (トレイン・トレイン Torein Torein) is the third album released by the Japanese band The Blue Hearts.
 The Chick Corea Songbook is a studio album released by The Manhattan Transfer on September 29 2009. The album features The Manhattan Transfer's interpretations of several Chick Corea compositions as well as an additional track that was written specifically by Mr. Corea for this album. The Executive Producer was Yusuf Gandhi
 Cookin' up Hits is the fourth studio album by Liz Anderson.
 Comenzaré released in 1998 is the debut album by Luis Fonsi. The album was certified Platino for sales of 100000 copies.
 Violet is an album by The Birthday Massacre. It was first released as an extended play (EP) in October 25 2004 then commercially released in August 9 2005 as an (LP) through Metropolis Records (North America/UK) Repo Records (Europe) and Hellion Records (Brazil). The LP version included four re-recorded and slightly reworked tracks from their Nothing and Nowhere album: Happy Birthday Horror Show Video Kid and The Dream.
 Twelve Deadly Cyns...and Then Some is a 1994 greatest hits album by American recording artist Cyndi Lauper. The album sold over 6 million copies worldwide. The album has sold 565000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan.
 Jimmy's Show is the third full-length album from Manchester England based multi-instrumentalist Jim Noir.
 Five Man Acoustical Jam is a live album released in 1990 by the band Tesla using acoustic guitars instead of the electric guitars which hard rock/heavy metal bands such as Tesla were known for. The biggest hit from the album was the song Signs a cover version originally from the band Five Man Electrical Band who also had a hit with the song (Tesla's version included a few uses of fuck not in the original version).
 Overdog is the fourth album by the Keef Hartley Band.
 Spanish Train and Other Stories is the second album by Chris de Burgh released by A&M Records in 1975.
 Keys to Ascension 2 is a double album by the British progressive rock group Yes and was released in 1997. It is the band's fifth live album and sixteenth studio album. It is the successor to the critically acclaimed Keys to Ascension 2-CD set from 1996. The album reached No. 62 in the UK. It is the last album with Rick Wakeman until returning and staying with the group from 2002 to 2004 but not involved in any studio recording.
 Von den Elben is the seventh studio album by the German medieval folk band Faun. It was released on 25 January 2013. Among new original content it contains a number of cover versions of old Faun tracks and songs by other artists. After signing a contract with the Universal label and the Valicon production team Faun for the first time released an album with lyrics completely in German language. Katja Moslehner joined the band as a new singer.
 Eximious is an album by the American jazz guitarist Joe Pass and double bass player Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen released in 1982 (see 1982 in music). It was re-issued in 2000 on CD by Original Jazz Classics.
 Songs That Slipped Through the Cracks subtitled A Collection of Acoustic Sketeches and Home Demos is the first solo release by Joseph King since the breakup of his band Canvas. It was recorded in his home studio in Hoboken New Jersey and released upon his return to Texas for a brief tour in March 2007. The album features songs that are not expected to be included in the Deadbeat Darling CD to be released later in 2007.
 It's About Time released in 2004 is the fourth and latest solo album to date by R&B singer Morris Day. Released 12 years after his previous album Guaranteed It's About Time is somewhat a return to form for Day. With the exception of four new songs the album consists of previous hits recorded live with the modern line-up of The Time. The live material was poorly edited to remove curse words and to fade abruptly between songs removing most of the audience reactions.
 The Undeniable LP is the debut album by Detroit rapper and close Slum Village affiliate Phat Kat.It was released twice both on Barak Records. The Detroit Edition omits the three tracks produced by Fat Ray as well as Rainy Dayz produced by Jake One.
 Return of the Read Menace is a compilation album released in 1999 on G7 Welcoming Committee Records.
 WicketWorldWide.COM is the fifth album by Natas. Released in 1999 it is the group's last release on Reel Life Productions (than known as Gothom/Overcore) until 2006's N of tha World. WicketWorldWide.com is often credited as one of the greatest hip hop albums of 1999 by XXL magazine
 Shine is the name of Anni-Frid Lyngstad's second post-ABBA solo album the follow-up to her 1982 album Something's Going On. It was first released in September 1984 and has since been re-released several times mainly in the digitally remastered form in 2005 with bonus tracks.
 The DJ 5 In The Mix is the fifth DJ mix compilation by German producer and remixer ATB which was released on January 12 2010. The DJ 5 is a triple-CD album and includes songs by various DJs and producers all mixed and compiled by ATB.ATB has collaborated with many important artists for this release including Ferry Corsten.
 Today was Perry Como's 29th and final RCA Victor long-play album of his 50 year music career. This is also the penultimate recording ever made by Perry Como the last being for a Christmas special in 1994.
 Back to the Beat is the ninth album by the turntablist Rob Swift. It was released on February 13 2003 by On the Strength Records and was produced by Rob Swift.
 Enta da Stage is the debut album of American East Coast hip hop group Black Moon released on October 19 1993 through Nervous Records. The album was produced by DJ Evil Dee and Mr. Walt of Da Beatminerz. Enta da Stage features the debut of underground hip hop duo Smif-n-Wessun as well as appearances from Havoc of Mobb Deep and Dru Ha the co-founder of Duck Down Records.
 Chupacabras is the third album released by composer Phideaux Xavier.While recording Fiendish in 2002 Xavier had begun work on an epic song called Chupacabras. This song was not completed in time for inclusion on Fiendish and instead formed the basis for what would become the album Chupacabras. This album was made up of tracks that had been begun for the previous two albums but had never been finished.
 Sweet Home Verona is the title of the first live album from Sonohra recorded September 6 2008 during a concert at the Roman Theater in Verona.The album released November 28 2008 contains songs from the album Liberi da Sempre rearranged in acoustic versions and earned a Platinum Album. It is available either as a CD DVD or CD+DVD.The only covers present on the CD is The Thrill Is Gone by B.B.
 Stay in the Shade EP is an EP by José González released June 23 2004 in Sweden; August 22 2005 in the United Kingdom and January 24 2006 in the United States.
 Art Ensemble of Chicago with Fontella Bass is a 1970 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Paris and first released on the America label. It features performances by Lester Bowie Joseph Jarman Roscoe Mitchell Malachi Favors Maghostut Fontella Bass and Don Moye.
 Backwards Chimney is the seventy-second studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the forty-second installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series.The album was announced on December 28 2013 in two formats to be released on January 18 2014. The first format consists of 300 copies of an untitled white album signed by Buckethead himself. The second version consists of an unspecified amount of copies of an untitled white album with hand drawn covers and signed by Buckethead himself.
 Standing in the Light is the fourth studio album released by the British jazz-funk band Level 42. The album released in 1983 generated the group's first top 10 in the UK album charts peaking in #9.
 Hell's Pit is the 9th studio album by Insane Clown Posse. Released on August 31 2004 the album is the final chapter of the Joker's Card series.
 Pray IV Reign is the fourth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Jim Jones released on March 24 2009 under E1 Columbia and Sony Music Entertainment. The album his first not to be released under Diplomat Records also serves as his first under a major record label. The album includes production from Ron Browz Chink Santana No I.D. Ryan Leslie Michael Crawford Triple-A and Young Seph.
 Code Name Blue is a Japanese album by the South Korean rock band CN Blue. It was released in August 29 2012 as the group's third Japanese album and their first major album under Warner Music Japan.
 Dönmem Yolumdan (I don't Retract from My Way) is the name of a Turkish album by Asya. It is her fourth studio album released in Turkey on July 3 2002.
 Zurück zum Glück (Wordplay: Back to happiness/Fortunately back) is the tenth studio album by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen. The cover is designed by Dirk Rudolph.
 Royal Festival Hall Vol. 2 is the twenty-fifth album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 1992. This is the fourth of seven early-1990s Klaus Schulze albums not to be reissued by Revisited Records.
 More Than Just a Dream is the second studio album by American band Fitz and The Tantrums released on May 7 2013 by Elektra Records. The album was produced by Tony Hoffer (Beck M83 Depeche Mode Phoenix) at The Sound Factory in Los Angeles. The title comes from a line of the chorus from the group's lead single Out of My League.The album is their first release for Elektra Records.
 Sindustries is the third album by Swedish melodic death metal band Gardenian. For a time this was Gardenian's last release when the band brokeup in 2004 but the band reunited in 2012 and are working towards a new album. The band's past album Soulburner featured Eric Hawk who did clean vocals but producer Peter Tägtgren believed that this album did not need a guest clean vocalist and encouraged Jim Kjell to the clean vocals this time as he had never done so.
 Meet You There is an album by British folk music group Oysterband released in April 2007.
 Chronicle Vol. 1 also known as Chronicle: The 20 Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by American swamp rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival. Released in January 1976 by Fantasy Records the album was released the same time as the single release of I Heard It Through the Grapevine (see 1976 in music).Chronicle Vol. 1 is a singles collection with 13 a-sides and 7 b-sides. Compared to the two previously released Creedence Gold compilations Chronicle Vol.
 Bloodrock U.S.A. is the fourth album by the Texan hard rock band Bloodrock released under Capitol Records in 1971. The album was the first produced by the band alone without Terry Knight and the last studio album to feature original members Jim Rutledge (vocals) and Lee Pickens (lead guitar).
 Sic Alps is the eponymous fifth studio album by American rock band Sic Alps. The album has been described to have more of a plot than any of their previous albums
 Alphabeat is the self-titled debut album by Danish pop group Alphabeat. The album was first released in Denmark on 5 March 2007 by Copenhagen Records and eventually in the rest of Europe in 2008 under the title This Is Alphabeat.
 You Have the Right to Remain Silent... is the sole album by the band X-Cops. It was released in 1995.
 Little Wheel Spin and Spin was the third album by Buffy Sainte-Marie released in 1966. It was her only album to reach the Billboard Top 100.
 More Light is the debut album by alternative rock band J Mascis + The Fog released on October 24 2000. The album was recorded and mixed at Bob's Place Mascis's home studio in his native Amherst Massachusetts. The album title was inspired by the Hindu hugging saint Ammachi (also referenced on Ammaring). It features Kevin Shields of My Bloody Valentine as well as Guided By Voices frontman Robert Pollard on some songs.
 Universe In Reverse is the second album by London-based rock band Infadels. It was released on 23 June 2008.The first single Make Mistakes was released on 21 April 2008 and the second single Free Things was released on 16 June 2008. A Million Pieces the third single was released on 1 September 2008.
 Ballads & Blues is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring performances recorded in 1956 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Pretties for You is the debut album by Alice Cooper. At this time the name Alice Cooper referred to the band not its lead singer though the lead singer was also known as Alice Cooper. The music has a psychedelic flavor to it. The group had yet to develop the more concise hard rock sound that they would become known for. Most of the tracks from the album have a distinct loud and dynamic rock sound. However very few songs have some sort of hard rock quality.
 Shakhsiya Aneeda (Arabic: شخصية عنيدة‎) is the twenty-third full-length studio album by Syrian recording artist Assala Nasri released on September 20 2012. With this release Assala explores for the first time a new set of sounds and genres including Dance Latin and House by collaborations with some of the biggest names in the Arabic music industry including Tarek Madkour Hadi Sharara Hassan elShafei Tamer Ali and Hossam Habib.
 Slow Food is the fifth album by Electric Company released on April 9 2001 through Planet Mu.
 All the Songs I've Loved Before: 40 Unforgettable Songs is a compilation album by country singer Willie Nelson released in 2001. This album was successful in Sweden New Zealand and Australia - in each country it has sold about 30 000 copies so it has sold nearly 150.000 worldwide.
 Draped Up & Chipped Out Vol. 2 is a compilation album by the American rapper Messy Marv released on November 6 2007. It peaked at #77 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart #33 on the Heatseekers Albums chart #1 on the Top Heatseekers Pacific chart and #8 on the Top Heatseekers West North Central chart.
 Never Never Land is a 1971 album by the UK underground group Pink Fairies.The group were formed when the three musicians from The Deviants having sacked their singer and leader Mick Farren returned from a disastrous tour of the West Coast of North America and hooked up with Twink.
 Brother Is to Son is the sixth full length album by New Jersey indie rock band Brother Danielson.
 Existentia is the fifth album by the Norwegian black/gothic metal band Trail of Tears. It was released on January 26 (Europe) and January 30 (USA) 2007.It is the last full-length album recorded with Kjetil Nordhus Runar Hansen Kjell Rune Hagen and Jonathan Perez all of whom left the band in November 2006.
 Hate Rock 'N' Roll is the third compilation of B-sides and rare tracks by Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain.
 Postcards is an album by American musician Peter Ostroushko released in 2006.The songs on Postcards are culled from songs Ostroushko wrote for A Prairie Home Companion. With few exceptions each piece is tied specifically to the location the show was visiting for that episode.
 被你縱壞 Spoiled By You is the tenth studio album of cantopop singer Prudence Liew released in 1993.
 Personal Stereo is the fifth album by Norwegian electronic band Flunk released in 2007 on Beatservice Records.
 Past and Present is the first live album by Canadian heavy metal band Anvil.
 DAAS Bootleg - Live in Edinburgh is an official live bootleg recording released by the Australian comedy trio the Doug Anthony All Stars in 1994. It was recorded in August 1993 at the Pleasance Theatre Assembly Rooms in Edinburgh and sold at the group's live gigs.
 Billboard Top Hits: 1988 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1994 featuring 10 hit recordings from 1988.Of all the albums in the Billboard Top Hits series the 1988 volume includes the most songs that reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart (nine). The remaining song — Shattered Dreams by Johnny Hates Jazz — peaked at No. 2 early in the year.
 Tuskegee is the tenth studio album and platinum selling CD by American singer-songwriter Lionel Richie. It was released on March 5 2012 through Universal Music Nashville. It became Richie's third number-one album and his first since Dancing on the Ceiling (1986).
 Gold is a two-CD compilation album by the Allman Brothers Band. It contains songs selected from their first eight albums which were released by Capricorn Records — The Allman Brothers Band (1969) Idlewild South (1970) At Fillmore East (1971) Eat a Peach (1972) Brothers and Sisters (1973) Win Lose or Draw (1975) Wipe the Windows Check the Oil Dollar Gas (1976) and Enlightened Rogues (1979). It was released by Island Records on October 11 2005.
 WOW 1997 is a compilation album of 30 Contemporary Christian music hits that was released on October 29 1996. It charted at No. 1 on Billboard's Top Contemporary Christian chart in 1996 and at No. 2 in 1997. The album reached number 71 in 1996 on the Billboard 200 chart. It was certified as platinum in 1997 by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 Fragments is an EP by Bournemouth alternative group Rapids! released in various countries in 2011.
 All You Can Eat is the second record by the Japanese band Beat Crusaders. It was also their second album to be released in the United States.
 Anjunadeep:01 is the first album in the Anjunadeep compilation series mixed and compiled by British trance group Above & Beyond released on 16 February 2009 on Anjunadeep the sub-label of Anjunabeats.The digital download version was released on 14 September 2009 and contains the individual songs listed except Radiohead's Reckoner (Above & Beyond Mix) which is under license from XL Recordings for the physical format only.
 Soul Kiss is the thirteenth studio album by Australian pop adult contemporary singer Olivia Newton-John which was released in October 1985. It made No. 11 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart and the Top 30 on the United States Billboard 200. The album was produced by long-time associate John Farrar who also co-wrote four tracks; the cover art includes photography of Newton-John by Helmut Newton and Herb Ritts.
 Carryin' On is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label. The album marked Green's return to the Blue Note label and embracing a jazz-funk style that he would play for the rest of his life.
 Every Single Day is the fourth solo album by American singer-songwriter Lucy Kaplansky released in 2001.
 Ever Since is a 2005 album by American singer Lesley Gore and is her eleventh studio album. It was preceded by the 1982 album The Canvas Can Do Miracles .
 Attagirl is the sixth studio album by the Dutch band Bettie Serveert released January 25 2005.
 Concerto: One Night in Central Park is a live album by Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli.The album was recorded September 15 2011 during a concert at the Central Park's Great Lawn in New York. Guest performers included Celine Dion Tony Bennett Chris Botti Bryn Terfel and music producer David Foster.PBS Announced that it would broadcast the concert nationwide as Andrea Bocelli Live in Central Park.The album immediately upon release entered the Billboard Top 10 and peaked at No.
 Speaking in Tongues is the fifth studio album by the band Talking Heads released in 1983.The album was a commercial breakthrough that produced the band's first (and only) American Top 10 hit Burning Down the House which was accompanied by a promotional video. The following tour was documented in Jonathan Demme's Stop Making Sense which generated a live album of the same name.
 A Live One is a live album by the American rock band Phish released on June 27 1995 by Elektra Records. The album was the band's first official live release.Each track on the album was recorded at a different live show in the United States during Phish's 1994 summer and fall tours.
 Eat Me Drink Me is the sixth full-length studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson. It was released on June 5 2007 through Interscope Records. It was recorded in a rented home-recording studio in Hollywood by lead vocalist Marilyn Manson and guitarist and bassist Tim Sköld. The album was produced by Manson and Sköld and mixed by Sean Beavan.
 Free Somehow is the tenth studio album by the Athens Georgia based band Widespread Panic. It was recorded in May 2007 with Terry Manning producing in Nassau Bahamas at the Compass Point Studios. The album is being offered in three variations; a regular CD release a digital release and a vinyl record release (April 14 2008). It was the band's first studio album featuring guitarist Jimmy Herring who jointed in 2006.
 Music for an Awful Lot of Winds and Percussion was released in 1992 by Telarc Records. The album contains one piece by Professor Peter Schickele writing under his own name and several pieces by him as P. D. Q. Bach. This album won the Grammy Award for best comedy album in 1992. The runners-up were Naked Beneath My Clothes (Rita Rudner) Jonathan Winters is Terminator 3 (Jonathan Winters) An Evening with George Burns (George Burns) and Off the Deep End (Weird Al Yankovic).
 Ainda Existe Uma Cruz is the eighth album in the live praise and worship series of Christian Contemporary music by Diante do Trono.
 Love Travels At Illegal Speeds is the sixth solo album by Graham Coxon. It was released 13 March 2006 in the United Kingdom the day after Coxon's 37th birthday. The album was produced by Stephen Street who also produced Coxon's previous album Happiness in Magazines.
 Victim of Love is the thirteenth studio album by British singer/songwriter Elton John released in 1979.It is a disco album released shortly after the peak of disco's popularity. Recorded at Musicland Munich and Rusk Sound Studios Hollywood it was not critically or commercially well-received and is his third lowest charting album to date in the US after 1986's Leather Jackets and 1985's Ice on Fire. It is the shortest album of Elton John's career at under 36 minutes.
 Best of the Specials is a compilation album by The Specials released in 1999 (see 1999 in music).
 The World e.p. (ザ・ワールド　イーピー Za Wārudo ī pī) is a limited-edition mini-album by Japanese rock band 9mm Parabellum Bullet released on May 16 2007. The album contains re-recordings of songs from previous albums as well as two new songs The World and Heat-Island. The album peaked at 22 on the Oricon charts.
 Lucky Me is the first EP by Duke Special. The songs make up half of the album Adventures in Gramophone.
 Over joyed is Heo Young-saeng's first Japanese full length studio album. It was released on September 19 2012 consisting of 11 tracks including Japanese versions of three originally Korean songs. The limited edition includes a DVD featuring the music video for 1.2.3 as well as its making of.Heo Young-saeng held two concerts in order to promote his album.
 Coney Island Baby is the sixth solo album by Lou Reed released in January 1976. It is also the title of a song on that album. The name presumably refers to the Excellents' 1962 doo wop song of the same name and/or a 1924 Les Appleton barbershop music song of the same name. The album features the song She's My Best Friend which was originally recorded by Reed's band The Velvet Underground in 1969. The Velvet Underground version of the song was included on the 1985 compilation album VU.
 I'm So In Love: Grandes Exitos is the second Greatest Hits album by Mexican iconic pop singer Paulina Rubio It was released in 2003. The album peaked #75 at Top Latin Albums.
 Now is the fifth full-length studio album released by Christian rock band Fireflight released on March 6 2012 on Flicker Records. It is their fastest selling and highest charting album to date. As of July 15 2012 the album has sold more than 40000 copies.[citation needed]A special Colorado Mix of He Weeps was released on July 24 2012 for airplay on Air 1.
 Greensleeves Rhythm Album #88: Warning is an album in Greensleeves Records' rhythm album series. It was released in June 2008 on CD and LP. The album features various artists recorded over the Warning riddim produced by Shane Brown (Jukeboxx Crew) and Collin Edwards (aka Demarco).
 An Omen EP_ (stylized as An omen EP_) was the second extended play release by American post-industrial group How to Destroy Angels released November 13 2012. Produced by Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor his wife Mariqueen Maandig and longtime collaborator Atticus Ross the EP contained various tracks later issued on their 2013 debut album Welcome Oblivion.
 Dance: Re-mixes + Videos is a remix EP released by Antique.
 The Weekend: Friday is an EP by American pop punk band Forever the Sickest Kids. It was released on November 17 2009 worldwide through Universal Motown Republic.
 Strip Tease is the third album by a Polish thrash metal band Acid Drinkers. It was recorded in Izabelin Studio near Warsaw.The album features fifteen tracks sung not only by Titus and Litza but also Popcorn.It includes also two cover songs: the first one is an acoustic version of Metallica's classic Seek & Destroy. It is sung by a Polish artist Edyta Bartosiewicz. The second one is Menel Song/Alway's Look on the Bright Side of Life a remake of a song by Monty Python.
 La era de la boludez is a studio album released in 1993 by Argentine rock band Divididos. It contains a lot of the most famous songs by the group as El arriero (original by Atahualpa Yupanqui) ¿Qué ves? and Salir a comprar.
 In Memory is Nevermore's only EP. It was recorded in April and May 1996 and released on July 23 1996. It features a Bauhaus medley. It was re-issued in 2006 with 5 bonus tracks which are all demos of songs from the next full-length album The Politics of Ecstasy.It was their first album to feature Pat O'Brien on rhythm guitars and also the first in which Van Williams played all drum tracks.
 Strategies Against Architecture II is a retrospective double album by experimental artists Einstürzende Neubauten which was released in 1991.
 The Appearances of Keak da Sneak is a compilation album released by rapper Keak da Sneak featuring songs from various previously released albums in which he had a guest appearance. It was released on October 23 2001 for Moe Doe Records and was produced by Ant Banks One Drop Scott and Tone Capone. Many guests appeared on the album including Luniz Mac Dre and his group 3X Krazy. It sold 5000 copies in its first week on shelves.
 The Altar and the Door Live is a live CD/DVD by the Christian rock band Casting Crowns released in 2008.
 Shaolin vs. Wu-Tang is the fifth studio album by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan-member Raekwon released March 7 2011 on Ice H20 and EMI Records. Guests for the album include Black Thought Busta Rhymes Ghostface Killah GZA Inspectah Deck Lloyd Banks Method Man Nas and Rick Ross among others.The album debuted at number 12 on the US Billboard 200 chart selling 29000 copies in its first week. It produced two singles Butter Knives and the title track. Upon its release Shaolin vs.
 I'm Going Away is The Fiery Furnaces' eighth album. It was released on CD and LP on July 21 2009 in the US and August 24 2009 in the UK. The CD version was presented in a 4 panel mini-LP style jacket.The LP version was pressed on high quality 180 gram virgin vinyl at RTI and was presented in an old-style tip-on gatefold jacket with MP3 download coupon.
 Brutal Youth is an album by Elvis Costello. This is the first album Costello recorded with his band the Attractions since Blood and Chocolate (1986). The several albums in between were recorded with session musicians.It was among the six Costello albums featured in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
 Holy Roller Novocaine is the debut EP of the American rock band Kings of Leon released on February 18 2003. A re-release as a 10 red vinyl single was issued in April 2011 celebrating the International Recordstore Day.Holy Roller Novocaine was released a few months before Kings of Leon's debut Youth & Young Manhood hit the shelves and it garnered significant attention from music critics.
 This is a discography of music related to the American sitcom Friends.
 Oceans of Fantasy is the fourth studio album by Boney M. Released in September 1979 Oceans Of Fantasy became the second Boney M. album to top the UK charts and features hits El Lute / Gotta Go Home and I'm Born Again / Bahama Mama. The album had been preceded in the spring of 1979 by the single Hooray! Hooray! It's a Holi-Holiday (based on American folksong Polly Wolly Doodle) one of the band's biggest hits.
 Unsolved is a 2000 album by Karate.
 Potato Hole is a 2009 album by Booker T. Jones recorded with Drive-By Truckers as the backing band and guitar accompaniment by Neil Young. The album was nominated for two Grammy awards: the album itself for Best Pop Instrumental Album and the track Warped Sister for Best Rock Instrumental losing to Jeff Beck for A Day in The LifeOn January 31 2010 Potato Hole won the Best Pop Instrumental Album award at the 52nd Grammy Awards.
 Rosewood is an album led by trumpter Woody Shaw which was recorded in 1977 and released on the Columbia label.
 Love the Woman is the fifth solo album singer Chanté Moore and first without husband Kenny Lattimore as a duet partner since the release of 2000's Exposed.
 It's Impossible was Perry Como's 19th RCA Victor 12 long-play album the 17th recorded in full living stereophonic sound.It's Impossible was recorded quickly to be an album to go with Como's surprise number one single It's Impossible.
 Greatest Hits is singer-songwriter James Taylor's eighth album. Released on November 1 1976.
 Portraits of Anarchists is a limited edition 6-song EP attached to the front of the book i-Portraits of Anarchists by Casey Orr. It features exclusive songs not available elsewhere.Nothing Knocks Me Over is a remake of the song Love Can Knock You Over from Swingin' with Raymond
 Exit Lights is a remix album by Christian rock band Falling Up released on September 12 2006.
 The Essential Blue Öyster Cult is a compilation album by the hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult released in 2003 as part of Sony BMG's Essential series.
 Sing Again with The Chipmunks is The Chipmunks' second album released by Liberty Records in January 1960. The album follows the same format as their first album and contains the group's fifth and sixth singles—Alvin's Orchestra and Coming 'Round the Mountain. Since its initial release Sing Again with The Chipmunks has appeared twice on CD; both releases utilized the revised 1961 cover artwork minus the song lyrics printed on the original back cover.
 W.F.O. (Wide Fucking Open) is the seventh full-length album by thrash metal band Overkill released in September 1994 on Atlantic Records. The album contains hidden songs on tracks 97 and 98 featuring the band warming up in the studio playing Heaven and Hell by Black Sabbath The Ripper by Judas Priest and Voodoo Child (Slight Return) by Jimi Hendrix. The instrumental song R.I.P.
 This article describes the 22nd album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 22 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 22 or Now 22 was released in 1992 on vinyl audio cassette and Compact Disc.
 I a Moon is the third album by the English cross-disciplinary music ensemble North Sea Radio Orchestra (NSRO). It was released on July 4 2011 on the Household Mark label.
 Believe is the second studio album by the American metal band Disturbed. It was released on September 17 2002. Believe debuted at number 1 on the Billboard 200 chart making it Disturbed's first number 1 debut shipping over 284000 copies in its first week. It was certified double platinum by the RIAA in the United States on September 23 2008.The album contains three successful singles and focuses heavily on religious and spiritual themes inspired by recent tragedies.
 Slowing Down the World is the third studio album by trumpet player Chris Botti. It was released by GRP Records on June 221999. Botti himself provided vocal on Same Girl.
 Night Things is the sixth studio album from country music artist Ronnie Milsap it was released in 1975. It produced the #1 Country Title Track Daydreams About Night Things and the #4 Country Hit Just in Case written by Hugh Moffatt.
 Remedy (The Red One) is the third studio album from Christian rock band Remedy Drive and second self-titled album (it was originally released under the moniker of Remedy; later pressings of the album have altered to say Remedy Drive).
 Collected is the third compilation album by American rock band Limp Bizkit. Released in 2008 it a retrospective compilation album from the band's albums Three Dollar Bill Yall$ Significant Other Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water Results May Vary and The Unquestionable Truth (Part 1).
 Golden is the fifth studio album by American Country music trio Lady Antebellum. It was released on May 7 2013 in the U.S. Canada Australia and New Zealand and May 6 2013 in Europe and South Africa. The album topped the Billboard Top 200 Billboard Top Country Albums and UK Country Albums Charts their third consecutive #1 on the former and also peaked within the top 10 on the Australian Canadian Irish and UK all-genre album charts.
 The Art of Memory II is a live album of improvised experimental rock music by Fred Frith and John Zorn. It was recorded in New York City in January 1983 and July 1985 and was released on Frith's Fred Records label in May 2008.
 In Debt was released in 1995 on Ché Records in the UK and Carrot Top Records in the United States. It is a compilation of Disco Inferno's debut album Open Doors Closed Windows (1991) with their Entertainment/Arc In Round 7 single (1991) and their Science 12 EP (1992). Broken the third track on the CD was previously unreleased. On the 7 single Entertainment the titles of the two songs are reversed from the way they are listed on In Debt.
 Hell's Unleashed is the sixth studio album by the Swedish death metal band Unleashed. It was released in 2002 on Century Media Records after a five year break from recording.
 Bump 'n' Grind is the debut album by the glam metal band The 69 Eyes released in 1992 on Gaga Goodies / Poko Rekords. Recently Re-Released on Cleopatra Records for distribution within the US.
 Pearl Jam Twenty (also known as PJ20) is a 2011 album by American alternative rock band Pearl Jam and is the soundtrack to the film of the same name. It was released on September 19 in Europe and September 20 in the United States.
 Thyresis is the debut studio album by Brazilian melodic death metal band Thyresis released in 2011. It is a concept album portraying a collective of thoughts and ideas about the world and society. According to the band's bassist and singer the name of the band and the album is also explained in the concept.
 Fuel is a jazz fusion album by organist/keyboardist Larry Young released on the Arista Records label. The album is Young's debut for Arista Records which was reissued on 1/2/2006.
 Serenades is the debut album by the British rock band Anathema. It was released in February 1993 through Peaceville Records.It is the only album to feature singer Darren White. The band's guitarist Vincent Cavanagh replaced him as a lead singer on the following albums.
 På egna ben is Carola Häggkvist's third long-play album released in late 1984. The biggest hit from the album is the title track which in fact is a Swedish cover version of an old Bryan Adams song. In Finland the bonus track Albatross also was included. On the album charts the albums peaked at number 5 in Sweden and number 10 in Norway.
 Vegas Throat is the third studio album by the American noise rock band Barkmarket released in 1991 through Triple X Records. It was reissued in 1992 on Rick Rubin's Def American label. The album's title is a colloquial term describing a chronic sore throat attributed by singers and performers to the dry desert air in Las Vegas Nevada.
 A Collection of Songs Representing an Enthusiasm for Recording...By Amateurs is a compilation album by The Flaming Lips released on September 29 1998 (1998-09-29).
 Junkie XL's More EP included a variety of versions mixed by Tom himself the song features singer Lauren Rocket from Rocket.The More More is released under the Artwerk label a joint venture of EA and Nettwerk Music Group. It includes remixes by Tommie Sunshine Tocadisco D.I.M. Matthew Dekay and Kraak & Smaak. Even though the original song features explicit content Tocadisco included a clean version of his remix. Released online on November 20 2007.
 The Motion Makes Me Last is an EP from Portland OR ambient musician Matthew Cooper under the name Eluvium. This EP is a follow-up to the Leaves Eclipse the Light EP released a few months earlier.The album features the second track from Similes 2 unreleased instrumental / ambient tracks and a remix of Leaves Eclipse the Light by Nick Zammuto from The Books.
 Hello Love You Goodbye is an album by New Zealand band The Exponents released in 1999. The first six tracks were new studio recordings while the final six were live recordings of some of The Exponents' hits. The live tracks were taken from the Pounamu Hotel in Takapuna in Auckland. The album was made available digitally in May 2013.
 Polar Opposite is the sixth EP by the Australian rock band Sick Puppies. It features acoustic versions of many of their most well-known songs including All the Same. The EP was released on 1 March 2011.
 The Terror Tapes is fourth studio album by Irish thrash metal band Gama Bomb. It was released on April 19th in Europe and May 7th in the US via AFM Records.
 Go Bananas! is the 33rd album released by the Australian children's music group The Wiggles. Kylie Minogue guest stars as the honourary pink Wiggle. This album won the 2009 Aria Award for Best Children's Album.
 Gold Dust is a live album by English folk rock singer Sandy Denny. It documents one of Denny's last public performances and was recorded at London's Sound Circus venue at the Royalty Theatre Portugal Street near Aldwych London (now the Peacock Theatre) on 27 November 1977. The album features many of her classic songs both as a solo artist and as a member of Fairport Convention and Fotheringay and remains the most extensive documentation of Sandy's live work with a backing band.
 The First Japan Arena Tour is the first Japanese concert tour by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation to promote their 2011 self-titled album in Japanese.
 Now and Forever...Greatest Hits Live is a live album by Australian soft rock band Air Supply released in 1995. The album was a massive success in Asia where in China it topped the album charts for 16 weeks. It was recorded in Taipei Taiwan and later a DVD of the concert was released. The band played live with a 16 piece string section. Single The Way I Feel became a hit in Asia and a difficult jewel among the band's songs. The Album sold 8 millions copies.
 In the Kingdom was the fourth album by Christian metal band Whitecross. It reached #12 on Billboard's Top Contemporary Christian Albums chart. The album won a Dove Award for Hard Music Album of the Year for 1991.The video for the song No Second Chances was the band's first video ever seen on MTV's Headbangers Ball.
 Perpetual Desolation is the second and final studio album by the Norwegian gothic metal band The Sins of Thy Beloved. It was recorded and mixed at Sound Suite Studio during September/October 1999 and released in 2000 through Napalm Records.
 Narada Films and Television Music Sampler is a 1998 U.S. EMI Film & TV Music publishing 2CD sampler that represents an overview of the Narada catalog demonstrating the breadth and diversity of the Narada roster.
 Eden is the sixth album by English soprano Sarah Brightman released in 1998. It was released under license by Nemo Studios to Angel Records.Like Brightman's later album La Luna Eden juxtaposed mostly English pop songs with mostly Italian opera songs. This was a departure from her previous albums which was almost entirely in English such as Fly.
 Sacrifice is Sylver's fifth studio album released on 12 May 2009 in Belgium. The workingtitle was 'Resurrection' in the end Sylver decided to name the album 'Sacrifice'.Guitarist John Miles Jr. (son of John Miles) is also on the album cover who joined the band a short while before.
 Thank You for the Years is a 2003 album by Dame Shirley Bassey.This album a mix of new and previously released material commemorated Bassey's 50 years in show business. Bassey marks the year 1953 as her official entry into show business as that is the year at the age of sixteen she signed her first professional contract: to tour in a variety show called Memories of Jolson.
 Classicks is a compilation album by Alice Cooper released by Epic Records in September 1995. This release was to mark the end of Cooper's record contract with Epic Records which had spanned three studio albums. Alice suggested its title.As of 2005 Classicks is available as a CD / DVD set comprising Classicks and Trashes The World respectively. This set is also notable for the inclusion of Fire only available as a B-side.
 Sunoh (Hindi: सुनो Urdu: سنو‎ translation: listen) is the first album of the Indian singer Lucky Ali released in 1996. This Album made him very popular and he won many awards for it including the Best Pop Male Vocalist in the 1996 Screen Awards and the Channel V Viewers Choice Award (1997). It stayed on the MTV Asia Charts for 60 weeks.
 Anyone Can Say Goodbye is an album by New Zealand-born recording artist Greg Johnson released in 2006.
 Jupiter Sajitarius is a 2004 album by Canadian-American alternative hip hop artist Noah23. It possesses a remarkable variety of both production and compositions according to MiC Music Portal.
 Me Volvi a Acordar de Ti (Eng.:I Remember You Once Again) is the tenth studio album released by Los Bukis on November 12 1987. They sold over one million copies earning them the diamond disc status.
 Under the Gun is the 14th album by the Country rock band Poco.Released in July 1980 Under the Gun was the followup to Poco's breakout album Legend. Legend had been released in November 1978 on ABC Records just prior to that label's being bought out by MCA: in a June 7 2013 interview with Rockin' Rich Lynch of SoundPress.net Radio Network veteran Poco member Paul Cotton would state that MCA required that Poco audition prior to being allowed to record for MCA.
 The Spirit Winds or also known as Pike 17 is the forty-seventh studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the seventeenth installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series.The album was announced on June 2 as a limited edition untitled album with hand drawn covers and signed by Buckethead himself to be released on July 2. On January 25 2014 the album was released digitally which included the official album title cover and track names. A standard edition was announced but has not yet been released.
 Saint Just is the self-titled debut album by the Italian progressive rock group Saint Just.
 The Journey is the ninth studio album by Scottish rock band Big Country released on 8 April 2013 through Cherry Red Records. The Journey is the first Big Country album with The Alarm vocalist Mike Peters taking over for the late Stuart Adamson who died on 16 December 2001 at the age of 43 and former Simple Minds bassist Derek Forbes replacing Tony Butler who retired in 2012. It is also the first album to feature Jamie Watson who joins his father Bruce Watson on guitar.
 Ignore This is the third studio album from Swedish singer Salem Al Fakir released 2010.
 Guitar Dominance! is the first studio album by guitarist Joe Stump released in 1993 through Leviathan Records; a remastered edition was reissued in 2003.
 IV or Ima nešto u tom što me nećeš (in Serbian: Има нешто у том што ме нећеш) is the fourth studio album by Serbian pop singer-songwriter Željko Joksimović. The album was released in 2005 in most of countries from the former Yugoslavia. The album had a large success and some of the top singles from the album are: Michelle Crnokosa and Ima Nešto U Tom Što Me Nećes.
 Bach: The Goldberg Variations is the 1955 debut album of the Canadian classical pianist Glenn Gould. An interpretation of Johann Sebastian Bach's Goldberg Variations (BWV 988) the work launched Gould's career as a renowned international pianist and became one of the most well-known piano recordings. Sales were astonishing for a classical album: it was reported to have sold 40000 copies by 1960 and had sold more than 100000 by the time of Gould's death in 1982.
 Pick Up Your Head is the second album by Middle Class Rut released June 25 2013 by Bright Antenna Records. The album is available as a digital download CD and 12 double record. Produced by the band the album was mixed by Dave Sardy.On April 26 2013 Loudwire premiered the music video for the single Aunt Betty.
 13 is the first full-length album released by New Zealand band HLAH. The album peaked at #17 on the New Zealand albums chart.
 Fairy Tales From Saint Etienne (1995) is a compilation album by the British band Saint Etienne which was released only in Japan. It is a mix of album tracks singles and B-sides.
 Rich Boy is the self-titled debut album by southern rapper Rich Boy. The album was released on March 13 2007. The original title was Product of tha Hustle when Throw Some D's played on Music Choice. A promo/street single released in 2005 was Get to Poppin'. His debut single is Throw Some D's produced by and featuring Polow da Don.
 Kill the Child is a live album by the New York No Wave band Swans released in 1996. It was recorded from shows in 1985 1986 and 1987 in Germany Yugoslavia the UK and (unlisted) the United States. Mastered as a single track in an attempt to recreate the concert experience Kill the Child is considered by many fans and critics to be one of Swans' most brutal live albums.
 Bo Diddley is a compilation album by American rock and roll musician Bo Diddley. It is a compilation of his singles since 1955. It collects several of his most influential and enduring songs. It was released on the Chess label in 1958.
 Fragmentary Evidence is the second full-length album by the Canadian progressive death metal band Augury. It was released in Europe on July 17 2009 and in North America on August 11 2009.
 Total Devastation: The Best of Busta Rhymes is a greatest hits album by American hip-hop artist Busta Rhymes. It received a score of five out of five from Allmusic. It includes songs from his four platinum albums Turn It Up (Remix)/Fire It Up and two songs from his LP A Future Without a Past (1991) that he recorded with his hip-hop group Leaders of the New School.
 Time and Chance is the third album from Jazz fusion band Caldera.
 Pure Euphoria is a compilation album released by Telstar TV in 2000.
 My Story is the first Digital EP played by South Korean boy band Beast.
 Satanische Verse (1990) is the first release by the German band Das Ich.
 Masacrando MC's is an album released by the Spanish group Lito y Polaco on the Pina Records label. The album was released in 1999 and contains eleven tracks of the Reggaeton genre. The title track is number three on the album Quien mejor que yo (Masacrando de MC's).
 The Roundhouse Tapes is a live double album by Swedish progressive metal band Opeth. The CD was recorded on November 9 2006 and was released on November 5 2007 in Europe and on November 20 2007 in the rest of the world. A two disc DVD version was released on November 10 2008 and includes exclusive menu music written by Mikael Åkerfeldt and Per Wiberg.
 Winter Comes Home was a live album credited to David Thomas and his Legs released in 1982 in which Thomas was supported by Chris Cutler and Lindsay Cooper. Trouser Press reports that the album mixes intellectual stand-up comedy with winning performances.
 Hang On Ramsey! is a live album by the Ramsey Lewis Trio which was recorded at the Lighthouse in 1965 and released on the Cadet label.
 Television is the eponymous third album by American rock band Television. The album was released in 1992 fourteen years after the band's second studio album and subsequent break up in 1978. A video for Call Mr. Lee was filmed and aired on MTV to limited play.
 We Can't Go Wrong is the second album from the New York-based R&B–dance trio The Cover Girls. Although the album only made it to #108 on the Billboard album chart by the end of 1990 it had been certified platinum and become the group's biggest-selling album.
 Weezer's Winter Weezerland EP is an EP released in December 2005 exclusively for iTunes users. It features songs that had originally been recorded by the band in 2000 as part of a special Christmas CD that was sent out to Weezer fan club members. The cover of the CD featured the band members dressed in Santa costumes.
 Australian Folk Songs (Decca DL 8749 1958) is an album by Burl Ives one of the byproducts of his visit to Australia in 1952. Invited there by the Australia Broadcasting Commission Ives met Reverend Dr. Percy Jones a professor of music from Geelong Victoria. The two men compiled a book of Australian folk songs and Ives recorded an album of the songs collected and arranged by Dr. Jones. Those songs were later released in the United States as Australian Folk Songs.
 Power of a Woman is the second studio album by the British R&B vocal group Eternal released in 1995. It was the band's first album to feature without former member Louise who left the group to pursue a solo career.
 Music to Gang Bang is the fifth and final studio album by American gangsta rap group Compton's Most Wanted. The album contained four singles Music to Gang Bang Still a Menace Come Ride with Me and We Get Down Like That.
 The Broadsword and the Beast is the 14th studio album by Jethro Tull released on 10 April 1982 (see 1982 in music) and according to Ian Anderson in the liner notes of the remastered CD contains some of Jethro Tull's best music. It mixes electronic sound with acoustic instruments and is a cross between the synthesiser sound of the 1980s and the folk-influenced style that Tull had in the previous decade.
 Powers of Ten is the first studio album by guitarist Shawn Lane released in 1992 through Warner Bros. Records; a second edition was reissued in 1993 containing a revised track listing and alternative versions of Get You Back and West Side Boogie (both of which were subsequently included as bonus tracks on the 2006 reissue through Eye Reckon Records). In a 2009 article by Guitar World magazine the album was ranked seventh in the all-time top ten list of shred albums.
 A Song for You is a 1975 album by The Temptations. It features two R&B #1 hits: Happy People (originally intended for recording by its authors The Commodores) and Shakey Ground one of the group's final R&B #1 songs.The album features then-lead singer Dennis Edwards on the title track written by Leon Russell.
 The Great White North is a Canadian comedy album by the fictional television characters Bob and Doug McKenzie (portrayed by actors Rick Moranis and Dave Thomas) released in 1981 by Anthem Records (ANR-1-1036) and distributed in the United States by Mercury Records (SRM-1-4034). The title is a popular nickname for Canada.
 Live At Raul's is an album by The Big Boys and The Dicks. In 1992 Selfless Records issued a double 7 called Live at Raul's Club featuring 6 songs from this record (three from each group) along with 2 previously unreleased live songs.
 Live Tour 2013: Japonesque is an twelfth live video by Japanese singer-songwriter Koda Kumi. It was released in DVD (2 discs) and Blu-ray formats on December 4 2013.The first press of both version has included a cardboard calendar and stand calendar for fanclub members only.
 Armada is the third studio album by the Norwegian black metal band Keep of Kalessin. The album was originally released under Tabu Records however a 2 vinyl set of the album was released on Back On Black. The release features the return of drummer Vyl and new bassist Wizziac and vocalist Thebon.
 Mirages is the third full-length album by Tim Hecker. It was released on September 21 2004 by Alien8 Recordings. It is described on the Alien8 website as “an ambient-death-metal classic in waiting.” The album is composed primarily of heavily distorted and processed guitar. Relatively free of beats this album moves rhythmically along in a glitch fashion acquiring rhythm through pulsating or droning bass and some sounds resembling digital malfunction.
 Pies Descalzos (English: Bare Feet) is the third studio album and major-label debut by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira released on February 20 1996 by Sony Music and Columbia Records. Its music incorporates Latin pop styles additionally experimenting with pop rock elements. Looking to revive her struggling career after the commercial failures of her first two studio efforts Magia and Peligro she assumed a prominent position in its production.
 Tall Dark & Handcuffed is an album by Cex. It is his first album to move away from a straight ahead electronic music sounds and endulge in a more hip-hop based music complete with rapping by Cex.
 Union is the third album by Puerto Rican rock band Puya released by MCA in 2001.
 This is the End of Control is the debut studio album by American rock band Cherri Bomb released on May 15 2012 by Hollywood Records. Prior to the album's release the song Shake The Ground was featured on the The Avengers soundtrack. The album features the song Let It Go from the 2011 EP Stark. The album peaked at 24 on Billboard's Top Hard Rock Albums and at 11 on Top Heatseekers.
 Perfect Teeth is the fifth album by Washington D.C. Indie band Unrest released in August 24 1993 through 4AD.
 She Was Too Good to Me is an album by Chet Baker. The album was released in 1974 as what some would call a comeback album. The title track is an alteration of He Was Too Good to Me. There were three recording sections (July 17 October 31 and November 1 1974).
 Illegal Bass is the debut album by miami bass group Bass Outlaws.
 Save Your Heart is the second studio album by Swedish cinematic postrock band Lights & Motion. It was released worldwide on November 12 2013 through the American independent record label Deep Elm Records. The album was produced by Christoffer Franzén and recorded in Gothenburg during 2012 and 2013. The album contains eleven tracks and has a total running time of 40 minutes. It is the follow-up to the bands debut album Reanimation and it is Deep Elms 200th release in their catalog.
 Third Party is an album by American instrumental hip hop duo Blue Sky Black Death. It was released on Fake Four Inc. in 2010. The album is a collaboration with Alexander Chen of Boy in Static.
 Punk Sounds is an album by the Huntingtons released in 2009 digitally by Steinhaus Records and on CD by Knowhere Records. The album contains B-sides rarities and two newly recorded tracks.
 Mark of the Beast is an album released by the band Manilla Road in 2002. The album was originally recorded in 1981 and was intended to be the band's second album. The results were unsatisfactory and so it was scrapped in favor of writing for the album Metal.
 River Deep Mountain High is a studio album by the American R&B duo Ike & Tina Turner. The album contained songs from several sources five songs produced by the legendary producer Phil Spector and seven songs that are older recordings produced by Ike Turner. It was released on London Records only as an American import in late 1966.
 Supernature is Cerrone's third album released in 1977. It was released in France by Malligator Label. It is known also as Cerrone III since it is the third album by Cerrone who labeled his albums with a number.
 Some American Folk Songs Like They Used To is an album by folk artist Spider John Koerner released in 1974. The album is out of print.Guests on the album include fellow Koerner Ray & Glover members Dave Snaker Ray and Tony Little Sun Glover.
 Ignorance Never Dies is the second full length studio album from UK hardcore punk band Your Demise.The album was released on 20 April 2009 in UK & Europe via Visible Noise Records followed by a promotional tour of Europe with Deez Nuts and More Than Life.
 Erase is the third studio album released by Dutch death metal band Gorefest. It was released in 1994 Nuclear Blast Records.
 Gran City Pop (English: Great Pop City) is the ninth studio album by Mexican singer Paulina Rubio released by Universal Music Group on 23 June 2009. The album's first single Causa y Efecto became Rubio's first number one single on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs since Ni Una Sola Palabra in 2006.
 Once Upon A Shattered Life is the fourth studio album released by Christian rock band Seventh Day Slumber.
 Awaken is the debut album by The Empire Shall Fall released on November 17 2009 through Angle Side Side Records owned by The Empire Shall Fall's bassist Nick Sollecito. Awaken features the vocal talents of Killswitch Engage vocalist Jesse Leach. The band cites its influences as At the Gates Meshuggah and Edge of Sanity. Awaken draws heavily upon the band members' interests in jazz punk and experimental music. The album reflects heavily on the themes of politics and transcendentalism.
 Double Up is the second studio album by Harlem rapper Mase released in 1999 and distributed by Bad Boy Records. The album sold 107000 copies in its first week debuting at #11. Shortly after the release Mase retired from rapping to become a Christian pastor.
 Legacy is a 2004 album by The Temptations for the Motown label introducing new Temptations G.C. Cameron and Joe Herndon. The album was the group's final release on Motown; they left the label shortly after its release.
 Increasingly -Kanzen Ban-(Increasingly-完全盤-) is a reissue of 12012's EP Increasingly released on June 15 2005 along with Depression Sign -Kanzen Ban- and Shudder -Kanzen Ban-. The songs have been re-recorded and a bonus track is also included.
 Love Is the Answer: 24 Songs of Faith Hope and Love is the 59th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).
 Lifeline is the second album by the California soft rock group Pablo Cruise. Released in 1976 the album was slightly more successful than the previous but still only reached #139 on the United States charts. In 1977 Barbra Streisand redid Don't Believe It with mostly different lyrics for her album Superman.
 Tomando Control: Live (English: Taking Control) is a live album by Wisin & Yandel of their most popular songs.
 Rituale Satanum is the first full length album by the Finnish black metal band Behexen. Its title is a mockery derived from the religious text of the Catholic faith Rituale Romanum.Remastered & re-released in 2004 (with new artwork) by Dynamic Arts Records. LP released by Faustian Distribution & Northern Heritage in June 2006.
 Hannah med H Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 2003 Swedish drama film Hannah med H recorded by the Swedish electropop duo The Knife. Made up mostly of instrumentals the album was released in Sweden on 26 November 2003 by Rabid Records. Some tracks on it also appear on the UK release of the duo's self-titled debut album as well as on their 2003 album Deep Cuts which was being made at the same time.
 Y Su Pueblo is the title of the 1986 studio album released by Puerto Rican salsa group El Gran Combo de Puerto Rico. The album became the second #1 album to top the Billboard Tropical Albums chart ironically dethroning the group's previous album Innovations.
 Postage was released in 2003 as an in depth synopsis of Supergroove's output. Whilst it is the band's Greatest Hits collection there were a number of songs on the album predominantly from singles which had not been previously released on any of the band's earlier albums and EPs.
 Inta Somethin' is an live album by American jazz trumpeter Kenny Dorham featuring performances recorded at The Jazz Workshop in San Francisco in 1961 and released on the Pacific Jazz label.
 Soul 2 is the eighth studio album by British soul/R&B singer Seal. The album was released on 4 November 2011. Like its predecessor Soul (2008) the album consists of soul classics and it was produced by David Foster Jochem van der Saag and long-time collaborator Trevor Horn. It was preceded by the lead single Let's Stay Together on 30 September 2011. Soul 2 peaked at number 17 on the UK Albums Chart. As of January 2012 the album has sold 114654 copies in the United Kingdom.
 Universe released on 31 March 2003 is the twelfth and final studio album of Modern Talking and it is the sixth release since the duo's 1998 reunion. The album completely produced by Dieter Bohlen landed on the German chart on 14 April 2003 entering the No. 2 position. After spending three weeks within the top-10 and total of 12 weeks in the album chart Universe reached a gold status in Germany for shipping over 150000 units.
 Der Osten ist Rot is the fourth album by Holger Czukay released in 1984 through Virgin Records.
 Green Tour EP was a tour-only EP release by The Album Leaf available at the band's live shows since 2007. In addition to its six tracks it also contains a video for We Need Help shot on tour.
 God Knows It's True is an EP by the band Teenage Fanclub released in 1990 in the UK by Paperhouse and in 1991 in the USA by Matador Records.
 Hymns for Strange Children is the début album from London-based glam rockers Rachel Stamp.
 Joe Cocker's Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by Joe Cocker. It was released in 1977 (see 1977 in music).
 Çà et là du Japon (さ・え・ら ジャポン Sa•e•ra Japon Here and There in Japan) was the last original studio album by Pizzicato Five. It was released by ********* (Readymade) Records on the first day of the first month of 2001 and re-released with different artwork and a lower price in 2006. Like many of their later albums it is set in a famous city of the world during a specific time of the year. In the case of Sa•e•ra the setting is Tokyo Japan in winter.
 Ramblin' Gamblin' Man is the debut album by American rock band The Bob Seger System released in 1969 (see 1969 in music). The original title was Tales of Lucy Blue hence the cover photo. In the liner notes Bob Seger says (sarcastically) he later realized Lucy Blue was Ramblin' Gamblin' Man and so changed the title of the album. He then thanks Doctor Fine for this realization.
 Up in Duke's Workshop is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington which collects sessions recorded in 1969 1970 1971 & 1972 and was released on the Pablo label in 1979.
 Fuaim is the sixth album by Irish folk group Clannad. It was released in 1982. It was produced by Nicky Ryan and was the last Clannad album to feature younger sister Eithne Ní Bhraonáin (Enya). It is also the only Clannad album to credit her; while she performed keyboard and backing vocals on Crann Úll she was not credited for this. She departed along with Mr. Ryan shortly thereafter to begin a solo career.
 First Band on the Moon is the third studio album by The Cardigans. It features the international single Lovefool.It was first released on August 12 1996 and later internationally on September 9 1996.The album was a major breakthrough for the band both in their native Sweden and internationally. It is their best-selling album in the United States having sold around 664000 copies there as of September 2010.
 HOCC Live In Unity 2006 Concert (2CD + Bonus DVD) is a set of two CDs and one DVD which consists of most songs Denise Ho performed in her Live in Unity 2006 Concert.
 A Foreign Affair is a double CD compilation album released by Danish rock band Gasolin' in 1997.A Foreign Affair is made up of two albums made for the English speaking market in the seventies. Gasolin' was released in 1974 and Killin' Time in 1978.On cd number 1 there are two bonustracks I'm Only Asking and Don't Fall Asleep On The Subway which have never been released before.This is the original mix of Killin' Time mixed for the American marked in 1977 but never released.
 Maximum Security is an album by Alien Sex Fiend released in October 1985 on Anagram Records. The record peaked at number 100 in the UK Albums Chart. The record was re-issued in 1986 in CD format under the name The First Alien Sex Fiend Compact Disc with four additional tracks including the single E.S.T. (Trip To The Moon). The entire album appears on the B-side of the 1986 cassette It - The Cassette.
 Make the Cowboy Robots Cry is an EP by American indie rock band Beachwood Sparks released in 2002 which featured the return of drummer Jimi Hey.
 Beans and Fatback is the 1973 release by pioneer rock and roll guitarist and Shawnee Indian Link Wray. It was recorded in 1971 by Link's brother Vernon Ray Vernon Wray at Wray's Shack Three Track studio an old chicken shack on Wray's farm in Accokeek Maryland during the Link Wray/Mordicai Jones sessions. It was mixed by Simon Heyworth at The Manor Studio Oxfordshire England.
 Deep Blue is the third album by Australian metalcore band Parkway Drive. It was recorded in Los Angeles California and was released on 29 June 2010 through Epitaph Records. The album debuted at number 2 on the ARIA charts and at number 39 on the Billboard 200 chart. It is Parkway Drive's most critically acclaimed release having a three-year separation between their previous album Horizons.
 I Am the Night is the third album by heavy metal band Pantera released in August 16 1985. (see 1985 in music) on record and cassette. Any CD release is a bootleg transferred via vinyl or tape. This album is where some of Pantera's faster and heavier influences were becoming more apparent especially on the title track and Down Below (which was re-recorded for their next album Power Metal). Guitar solos took on character hinting at Dimebag's later style.
 Fairytales and Reality is the third album from Swedish/German power metal band Dionysus released August 23 2006 (advanced Japanese release).When asked for comment on the album drummer Ronny Milianowicz replied: This album is so good that you would throw away all other CDs you got only to have this one. It will make you drink beer like crazy. It will make your neighbors your worst enemies. It will make you a true metal warrior.
 The Beatles' Long Tall Sally is The Beatles' final album to be released exclusively in Canada. It was a mono release on the Capitol Records label (catalogue number T 6063).After the release of this album Beatles' records in Canada would match the group's United States releases starting with the United Artists version of the A Hard Day's Night album and on Capitol Something New. This was done under orders from Capitol president Alan W. Livingston.
 Faith is the first studio album by the gothic metal band Eyes of Eden. It was released on August 20 2007 in Europe and on November 6 2007 in North America.
 The Reputation is the eponymous debut album by indie rock band The Reputation. It was released in 2002 on Initial Records.Written almost entirely by lead singer Elizabeth Elmore the album was well-received critically. The Los Angeles Times gave the album 3.5 out of 4 stars saying that [Elmore's] streaming anecdotes give the listener the feeling of walking right into the middle of life-altering events.
 Night Life is the second album by British R&B and soul music singer Maxine Nightingale. She is best known for her hits in the 1970s with the million seller Right Back Where We Started From (1975 U.K. & 1976 U.S.) Love Hit Me (Track 3 of this album) and Lead Me On (1979).
 A Black Man's Soul is an instrumental funk and soul album released by Ike Turner & The Kings of Rhythm in 1969 on Pompeii Records. The album was recorded while Turner was touring with then-wife Tina Turner during his free time. A Black Man's Soul exposed a side of Turner's music not as popular with his audiences of the time.
 Sit Down and Listen to Hooverphonic also known as Sit Down and Listen To is an album by the Belgian band Hooverphonic. It was recorded live with an orchestra but without any audience and was released in 2003. The only single released from this album is The Last Thing I Need Is You.
 Circadian Rhythms – The Drumming World of Ted Kirkpatrick is a DVD by Tourniquet drummer Ted Kirkpatrick.
 Trial by Fire: Live in Leningrad is the first live album by guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen released on 12 October 1989 through Polydor Records. The album reached #31 on the Swedish albums chart and #128 on the Billboard 200. A VHS video of the concert was released on July 1 1991 through PolyGram Video; a DVD edition was reissued on December 12 2006 through Universal Music.
 Trinity Revisited is an album and a film by Cowboy Junkies released on October 16 2007. It is a remake of the Junkies' most famous album The Trinity Session. The new album was recorded in the fall of 2006 at Toronto's Church of the Holy Trinity the same venue where the original album was recorded. Guest musicians on the 2007 album include Natalie Merchant Ryan Adams and Vic Chesnutt.
 The Illogical Consequence is the second album released by Planet Funk.
 Forever Changes is the third album by the American rock band Love.
 Squeeze Me is a live EP by Cravin' Melon released in 1998.
 Miguel is an album By Latin Grammy-winning Spanish musician and actor Miguel Bosé It was released in 1980.
 25th Anniversary Celebration (released in Japan as Altan: With the RTÉ Concert Orchestra) is the tenth studio album by Irish folk music group Altan recorded in RTÉ studios Dublin Ireland with the contribution of the RTÉ Concert Orchestra. The album does not contain original material for it is a compilation of studio re-recordings of previous material (plus one new song) with orchestral arrangements.
 The Eyes of the Beast is the second studio album by black metal band Astrofaes. It was released on Oriana Records in 2000 and was re-released in 2003 by Oaken Shield Records.
 Progress and Perfection is a promo album by Swiss electronic duo Yello released on 21 September 2007. It was not released on a label and was distributed by Audi officials on special events. The record was limited to 350 copies. Only the first two tracks have vocals; the others are instrumentals.
 Götter auf Abruf is the fourth album released by the German medieval metal/industrial rock band Letzte Instanz. This was the first album of Letzte Instanz to enter the German Media Control Charts peaking at position 81.The album features a mix of heavy guitar sounds and classical instruments the latter being more reminiscent of Letze Instanz's early works than the previous release.
 Bobo's Beat is an album by jazz percussionist Willie Bobo recorded in late 1962 and released on the Roulette label.
 Accelerate is the eighth album released by Australian singer-songwriter Peter Andre.
 Live @ Divan Orange 2007-10-21 is a live album by the Montreal-based instrumental shoegaze band Destroyalldreamers which was released as a free internet download in 2009. It was recorded on October 21 2007 at Divan Orange a popular Montreal independent music venue. The performance was in support of their previous album Wish I Was All Flames which was released in the same week.
 This Is Noise is the first EP by Rise Against. It was released on July 3 2007 in Canada and January 15 2008 on iTunes by Geffen Records. The EP features 5 songs. A European track listing was announced on MySpace on March 31 2008. It contains different artwork and different songs. The release dates were April 7 2008 for Germany the UK Switzerland and Italy and April 11 2008 for Austria.
 Home for Christmas is the title of a 1989 album by Debby Boone.This was Boone's only Christmas album but was reproduced on multiple occasions. Three different editions of the album were produced; one in 1989 a CD re-release in 1992 and another CD with new cover art in 2002. There are three different versions of the cover art for the album.
 Ryde or Die Vol. 2 is a compilation album from American hip hop record label Ruff Ryders Entertainment released on July 4 2000. The album debuted at #2 on Billboard 200 selling 254000 copies in its first week in stores.
 Sonny Stitt Plays Arrangements from the Pen of Quincy Jones is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1955 and originally released on the Roost label.
 Lightweights and Gentlemen is the debut studio album by folk band Lau released on March 19 2007 to critical acclaim.
 Exi(s)t is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Reflections. The album was released October 22 2013 through labels eOne Music and Good Fight Entertainment. The album was produced by Eyal Levi who has produced albums for bands such as August Burns Red The Black Dahlia Murder Motionless in White Unearth and Whitechapel.The first single from Exi(s)t titled My Cancer was released for download through iTunes and all other digital retailers on September 10 2013.
 Full Moon Fever is the first solo album by Tom Petty though it features contributions from members of his backing band the Heartbreakers notably Mike Campbell along with Roy Orbison and George Harrison - who would later join Petty Jeff Lynne and Bob Dylan in the Traveling Wilburys. The record shows Petty exploring his musical roots with nods to his influences. The songwriting is mainly collaborations between Petty and Lynne who was also a producer on the album.
 Guru's Jazzmatazz Vol. 2: The New Reality was the follow-up to the well-received Jazzmatazz Vol. 1. This second release to the Jazzmatazz series slightly toned down the jazz rap punch that made the first volume memorable. It was nevertheless critically acclaimed in its own right.
 1955 is a 1998 hip hop music album by Soul-Junk. Musically the album is the most centred between the low-fi and hip hop eras of Soul-Junk; as put by CCM Magazine trip-hop meets folk meets retro rock. As with many Soul-Junk albums the Biblical references from which the lyrics are drawn are listed in the liner. 1955 has a length of about two-and-a-half hours which was cut from about six hours of material.
 Presenting Isaac Hayes was Soul musician Isaac Hayes' debut album issued in 1968. The LP was the first release on Stax Records' Enterprise label; Hayes had for several years served as one of Stax's key songwriters producers and studio musicians.Recorded to appease Stax vice president Alvertis Isbell (Al Bell) Presenting features Hayes recording with Booker T. & the MGs members Al Jackson Jr. and Donald Duck Dunn as a jazz trio.
 Quello che non... is the fifteenth album by Italian singer-songwriter Francesco Guccini. It was released in 1990 by EMI.
 In His Majesty's Service – Live in USA is the first live album and the fifth album overall by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem. It was released simultaneously in Scandinavia by Royal Music/World Record Music and worldwide by Refuge Records. There is no Swedish version.
 My Life My Way is the tenth full-length studio album from New York hardcore band Agnostic Front released on March 4 2011. This album was recorded at Mana Recording Studio in Tampa Florida by Erik Rutan and produced by Freddy Cricien of Madball who is the half-brother of Agnostic Front frontman Roger Miret.
 Lazarus is a 1971 album by the American band Lazarus released on the Bearsville label distributed by Warner Brothers. It was later re-released by Rhino.All the songs on Lazarus were written by Billie Hughes with the exception of Listening House and Doncha Cry written by Bill Hughes and Gary Dye.The song Blessed was recorded by Noel Paul Stookey on his 1973 album One Night Stand.
 'That Was a Moment' is The Goodwill's debut album. It was released on February 11 2003.
 The Best of Bob Dylan Vol. 2 is a compilation album released in the U.K. New Zealand Australia and Canada on November 28 2000. It is the sequel to The Best of Bob Dylan Vol. 1 released 3 years earlier in 1997. It was later released in Europe and Japan; although it has never been released in the United States.
 Unconsecrated is the debut studio album by Australian death metal band The Red Shore released on 8 November 2008. It was originally set for a 22 September release through Siege of Amida Records but was delayed. A limited edition was released as a CD/DVD package containing a documentary and live performance.
 Terrestrials is a collaborative studio album by American drone metal band Sunn O))) and Norwegian experimental music group Ulver. Produced by Stephen O'Malley and Kristoffer Rygg it was released on February 3 2014 via Southern Lord Records. It has been described as three live improvisation pieces.On December 10 2013 a sample from the closing track Eternal Return was released for streaming. It was also streamed on Pitchfork Advance on the day it was released until February 10 2014.
 Cause and Effect is the fifth album by the Norwegian singer-songwriter Maria Mena. Belly Up was the first single of the album but only released in her home country. All This Time was the 2nd single in Norway and the first single released in the rest of Europe. A music video for All This Time aired on VH1 Europe.
 DeLorean is the 2nd and most popular album by the Pinoy rock band Stonefree released under Warner Music Philippines on 2007. Its top songs include Anghel and LSS.
 Perception is a 40th-anniversary edition 12-disc box set by The Doors. The CDs contain the 1999 remastered editions of all the Jim Morrison albums while the DVD-Audio discs contain new (2007) 40th Anniversary stereo and surround remixes of those albums as well as visual extras. Each album includes extra tracks consisting of previously unreleased session outtakes. Exclusive to the box set is a DVD with several live performances and other extras.
 Forever: An Anthology is a 1997 Judy Collins two-CD compilation album with thirty-five songs including three new recordings: The Fallow Way Nothing Lasts Forever and Walls (We Are Not Forgotten).
 No More Beautiful World is the fifth studio album released by Roger Clyne and the Peacemakers. It was released on 20 March 2007.
 Unreleased and Revamped is an EP released by rap group Cypress Hill. It was released in August 1996. This album was certified Gold by the RIAA.The EP includes several of their songs of previous albums which have been remixed along with a few unreleased songs that didn't make the group's previous albums.
 After the album Love Has No Reason yielded the No. 1 Country single Are You On The Road To Lovin' Me Again Debby Boone returned to producer Larry Butler for her fifth studio album Savin' It Up (No. 49 Country) in 1981. The result was not as successful. The album's first single Perfect Fool only reached No. 23 Country and No. 37 AC. The follow-up It'll Be Him missed the Country Top 40 peaking at No. 46.Boone has since not appeared on any Billboard Country chart.
 Dance History is a compilation album by hip-hop duo The Outhere Brothers released in 2005.
 All That Remains is a 2005 release by Circle II Circle. This was an EP distributed by AFM Records to demonstrate to fans the new line-up of the band that debuted on the resulting studio album The Middle of Nowhere which was released later in 2005. The EP featured two songs which would feature on that album (including the title track) two new tracks and an edit of the title track.
 I Thought This Was Love But This Ain't Casablanca is the fifth album by Australian punk band The Saints. It was released internationally as Out in the Jungle ... Where Things Ain't So Pleasant.
 The Concrete's Always Grayer on the Other Side of the Street is the first EP released by VietNam in 2004 on Vice Records. Features 5 songs recorded in 2003.
 Lucky Street is the first full-length studio album from the band Go Radio. Produced by Tim O'Heir and mixed by James Paul Wisner Lucky Street was released March 1 2011 on Fearless Records.
 Loveland is a studio album by John Sykes it also includes a '97 version of Please Don't Leave Me with Phil Lynott. The song Don't Say Goodbye was dedicated to John Lennon.
 Tales from the Barrel House is the sixth solo music album by Seth Lakeman released on 18 November 2011.
 Seizures is the third full-length studio album by Australian rock band Kisschasy released through Below Par Records on 21 August 2009. The album was recorded in Los Angeles with producer Rob Schnapf.
 Drunk on the Moon is the first full-length album by No Knife released in April of 1996 on Time Bomb Records.
 Wise After the Event is the second solo album from former Genesis guitarist Anthony Phillips. It was released in 1978 by Passport Records. It marks the only time Phillips sang lead vocals on an entire album.As originally planned Wise After the Event was to be an album and an accompanying EP. At some point subsequent to the commissioning of the artwork for the record jacket the material was pared down to just enough for an album.
 Connie's Christmas is a studio album of Christmas music by U. S. entertainer Connie Francis. It is the 1966 re-release of her 1959 album Christmas in My Heart
 Raw Power Live: In the Hands of the Fans is a live album by Iggy & The Stooges recorded at All Tomorrow's Parties Festival on Friday September 3 2010 at Kutshers Country Club Monticello NY. It was released to coincide with Record Store Day April 16 2011 on 180 gram vinyl. The album was later released on iTunes.
 Psihološko propagandni komplet M-91 (trans. Psychological Propaganda Set M-91) is the third studio album released in 1991 by Montenegrin-Serbian musician Rambo Amadeus.For obvious reasons the least of which was the album's subtitle - Psychological Propaganda Set many songs contained heavy lyrics and a dark militaristic atmosphere.
 Sobrenatural is the thirty-second album released by Christian singer Marcos Witt. The album was recorded live from Bogotá Colombia.
 Ratt & Roll 8191 is a compilation album collecting most of the biggest hits from 1983 to 1991 from the American glam metal band Ratt. It charted at #57 and remained a consistent seller in the group's catalogue. Sales were at around 700000 units by 2002 when another compilation The Essentials was released.
 What's Next is an album by Frank Marino & Mahogany Rush released in 1980 under Columbia Records. The bonus live tracks of the CD edition were recorded in Salinas California during the Juggernaut tour of 1983.
 We Can't Be Stopped is the third studio album by Geto Boys released in 1991. It was among their most successful records in terms of units sold. The album is analysed track-by-track by Geto Boys in Brian Coleman's book Check the Technique. We Can't Be Stopped was certified Platinum in early 1992.
 Good Rocking Tonight is a compilation album by the blues musician Roy Brown. Released by Route 66 Records in 1978 in mono as KIX-6 and is a follow-up to an earlier release titled Laughing But Crying (KIX-2). This album's subtitle is Legendary Recordings Vol 2 (1947–1954).
 The Candlelight Years is an Opeth box set compiling their first three albums Orchid Morningrise and My Arms Your Hearse originally released on Candlelight Records. Although the albums have been released (and even re-released) before this was the first time they have been collected in one set. It also marks the first time the albums were released in Japan.The box set was released on June 28 2008 and is presented in fold-out digipak packaging. This edition was limited to 2000 copies.
 A Guide to Love Loss & Desperation is the first album to be released in Britain by British indie band The Wombats. It was released on November 5 2007 on 14th Floor Records. There is also a DVD to accompany the album which includes footage of them at the South by Southwest festival along with music videos from the band's recent singles. The album was recorded at the Rockfield Studios. The album managed to reach #11 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Drama y Luz (English: Drama and Light) is the eighth studio album released by the Mexican Latin pop/Rock en Español band Maná. This album was released in three formats CD CD with DVD and 12 LP vinyl record. The album was released on April 12 2011 after a long wait of 5 years since their last studio album Amar es Combatir. The first single off the album is Lluvia al Corazón released on March 14 2011. The song debuted at number-one on the U.S. Billboard Hot Latin Tracks.
 White Flames is the first solo album by British blues guitarist Snowy White released in 1983 and remastered for CD in 1992 featuring an unreleased live song and a different track order.This album included an extended version of the #6 UK chart hit Bird of Paradise.
 Jekyll & Hyde en Español is the Spanish version of the album of the same name released by legendary Christian rock band Petra. It was released in 2004 by Inpop Records.The songs were translated by Alejandro Allen who had worked translating Petra songs before when he worked in a Mexican production titled Colección Coral Petra II.
 The Sound of Johnny Cash is the thirteenth album by country singer Johnny Cash released in 1962 (see 1962 in music). Among other songs it contains In the Jailhouse Now a Jimmie Rodgers cover which reached No. 8 on the Country charts and Delia's Gone which Cash would re-record years later on American Recordings in 1994.
 Big Jet Plane EP is a 2010 EP by Australian sibling singer-songwriter duo Angus & Julia Stone. The EP includes four tracks three of which can be found on other Angus & Julia Stone albums (see below).The title track also features on the 2010 album Down the Way released by the Nettwerk Music Group (Vancouver).
 No Ghost is an album by Canadian indie folk band The Acorn released 1 June 2010 on Paper Bag Records and Bella Union.
 Endangered is the 8th studio album by hard rock band Pink Cream 69.
 Paradise is the fifth studio album and the sixth album overall by the American country music band Pirates of the Mississippi. It was released in 1995 as their only album for the Giant label and it did not produce any chart singles.
 Fall Out Boy's Evening Out with Your Girlfriend is the debut mini-LP by American rock band Fall Out Boy. Recorded in two days in early 2002 it captured the band's rougher early sound. Fall Out Boy's Evening Out with Your Girlfriend was released in 2003 through Uprising Records against the band's wishes.
 All U Need Is Mosh is an album released by Plastilina Mosh on August 5 2008.
 Chapter Ahead Being Fake is a split album featuring songs from Japanese band Boris and American band Torche. The album was released on August 19 2009 in Japan through Daymare Records on CD the same day Boris's split album with 9dw Golden Dance Classics was released. This is the first release from Torche as a three-piece band after parting ways with second guitarist Juan Montoya in 2008.
 Crazy Love is the fifth studio album from Christian rock band Hawk Nelson. It was released on February 8 2011. It is the last album with lead vocalist Jason Dunn who left the band in 2012 to pursue a solo career. The album netted a nomination for Best Contemporary Christian/Gospel Album at theJuno Awards of 2012.
 Passion is a 1997 album by Lady Saw.
 Now Hear This is the second and final studio album by hard rock band Howe II released in 1991 through Shrapnel Records.
 Like a River (1993) is the ninth studio album (10th overall) from the jazz group Yellowjackets and their second studio release (third overall) for GRP Records.
 Not Thinking Straight is the debut studio album by British singer songwriter and recording artist Matt Fishel. It was released internationally on April 8 2013 through Fishel's own record label Young Lust Records.
 Internal Revolution is the fourth album by the Boston-based metalcore music group Diecast. The album was released on September 19 2006 via Century Media Records.So far the album has sold over 80001 copies worldwide.
 Introduction is the third studio album by guitarist Marty Friedman released on November 8 1994 through Shrapnel Records (United States) and Roadrunner Records (Europe).
 The Cactus Revisited is a remix album from East Coast hip hop group 3rd Bass. It was released on September 7 1990 by Def Jam Recordings; one year after 3rd Bass' debut album and one year before its second album. Out of a total seven tracks it consists of six remixed songs and one unreleased song. Its remixes are by Prince Paul Dave Dorrell Marley Marl and 3rd Bass itself among others.
 The Makeover is singer Jody Watley's ninth studio album. Watley recruited a diverse group of contemporary dance and electronica producers for the project among them King Britt 4hero and DJ Spinna. The album's vintage aesthetic which saw her take the old and remake it as new was likely foretold in Watley's updating of her signature classic Looking for a New Love in 2005.
 Stems and Seeds is a 2009 album by Ben Folds. It is a remastered version of his previous album Way to Normal in a different track order. Folds explained its release as being due to popular demand as many fans requested a less compressed version.The first disc consists of stem files that can be used in computer applications such as GarageBand to produce remixes.
 Red's Good Groove is an album by American pianist Red Garland which was recorded in 1962 and released on the Jazzland label.
 Book M is the third studio album by Secret Chiefs 3 released in 2001. The album is centered around the theme of the Holy Grail and the artwork consists of several layers of ciphers and alchemical symbols.
 The Kingsmen Up And Away is the sixth album by the rock band The Kingsmen released in 1966.
 Until We Get Caught is an EP from Lima Ohio pop punk band Hit the Lights released on March 15 2005 on Silent Movie Records and rereleased on November 22 2005 through Triple Crown Records.The title track Until We Get Caught was featured in the soundtrack of popular American football game Madden NFL 07.The album was produced by Marc Mclusky.
 Dropped is a 1993 album by Mind Funk. The title is a reference to the loss of their recording contract with Epic Records prior to releasing this album.
 Neil Sedaka: Italiano is a 1964 compilation album containing twelve of Neil Sedaka's Italian-language recordings. It was released in Italy by RCA Victor's Italiana studios. Of the twelve songs on the album six were recorded by Sedaka in English. A seventh song on the album A 16 Anni Tu Vuoi Amare is an Italian-language version of Andrea Carroll's 1963 hit It Hurts To Be Sixteen.
 TV Highway to the Stars is the second full-length album from indie pop/rock band Dealership. The album was released on the band's label Keiki Records in 2001.
 American Beauty is a 1999 soundtrack album to the film of the same name starring Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening. The soundtrack album was produced by Chris Douridas Sam Mendes and Michael Ostin and was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Compilation Soundtrack Album for a Motion Picture Television or Other Visual Media in the year 2000 the first year to offer this award.The soundtrack features two excerpts from the film's score composed by Thomas Newman which won several awards.
 Gravy Train is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label in 1961 and performed by Donaldson with Herman Foster Ben Tucker Dave Bailey and Alec Dorsey.The album was awarded 3½ stars in an Allmusic review by Steve Huey who states Gravy Train is a fine if not quite exceptional record from Lou Donaldson's initial soul-jazz phase of the early '60s... Donaldson's playing is pleasant and the rest of the supporting group maintains a steady groove throughout.
 1961 is an album by Canadian electronic musician Aaron Funk (born January 11 1975) under the moniker of Last Step.It is in an electronic music style similar to the Aphex Twin Analord series but exhibiting the odd meters typical of Funk. The album is released by Planet Mu both as a CD and as 3x12
 Paint Your Face is the debut studio album by French recording artist Sliimy. It was released on April 6 2009 by Warner Music Group.
 Los Gabriel… Simplemente Amigos (English The Gabriel... Simply friends) is a compilation album by Mexican singers Ana Gabriel and Juan Gabriel. It was released in 2007 under the label of Sony BMG Latin.
 Global Warming is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins released on the Milestone label in 1998 featuring performances by Rollins with Stephen Scott Bob Cranshaw Idris Muhammad Clifton Anderson Victor See Yuen and Perry Wilson.
 Spell My Name Right: The Album is the debut studio album by East Coast hip hop producer Statik Selektah. The album was released on November 6 2007. The album features guest appearances from DJ Premier Termanology Styles P Q-Tip Talib Kweli Consequence Joell Ortiz Kool G Rap Sheek Louch Freeway Cassidy DJ Khaled Red Café Mims Uncle Murda Jadakiss Royce da 5'9 Cormega Reks Doug E.
 Sinsation is an album by PIG released in Japan in 1995. It was later released in the United States on Nothing Records on September 17 1996. A music video for the song 'Painiac (Nothing Touches Me)' was filmed and scarcely aired on MTV in 1996; making its final broadcast in 2000 on MTV2's A-Z video marathon.
 Relentless is the fifth studio album from Jackyl. It is the first album to feature the new personnel line-up.
 Na Balada is a live album by Brazilian recording artist Michel Teló. The album became popular because of the international hit single Ai Se Eu Te Pego included as the opening track.[citation needed]
 99 zápaliek (English: 99 matches) is the third studio album by Modus released on OPUS in 1981.
 Heart Full of Wine is the second EP by Australian singer-songwriter duo Angus and Julia Stone.
 SCH Live is the tenth official album by SCH released in Zagreb in 2007. The album is a recording of a concert performed on 24 June 1990 in the Student Center Gallery in Zagreb.
 Mother is a studio album by Susumu Yokota released in2009.
 Rocks and Honey is the sixteenth studio album by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler first released by ZYX Music on March 8 2013. Eight years since Wings was released in 2005 this was the longest gap between album releases in Tyler's career and is the first of her studio albums to chart in the United Kingdom since 1988. With tracks written by Nashville-based songwriters such as Frank J.
 Identified is the second and to date final studio album by Vanessa Hudgens released on July 1 2008 in the U.S. June 24 2008 in Japan February 13 2009 in most European countries and February 16 2009 in the United Kingdom. The album received generally positive reviews from music critics.
 Super Colossal is the eleventh studio album by guitarist Joe Satriani released on March 14 2006 through Epic Records. The album reached No. 86 on the U.S. Billboard 200 and remained on that chart for two weeks as well as reaching the top 100 in three other countries. Super Colossal was later nominated for Best Rock Instrumental Performance at the 2007 Grammys; this being Satriani's thirteenth such nomination.
 Standards Down is G.a.s. Drummers 4th full length album. It was released on January 18 2006 on Bcore disc. The album was originally going to be produced by John Agnello but the band ended up opting for their previous producer Paco Loco.
 Mortal City is Dar Williams' second album released in January 1996 by Razor & Tie.The songs As Cool as I Am and The Christians and the Pagans were released as singles in 1996; the former was also accompanied by a music video. Unlike Wiliams' previous album The Honesty Room which was entirely acoustic Mortal City featured electric backup on a number of the album's songs particularly The Ocean and The Blessings.
 Saved By Fear is the first full-length studio album by Israeli doom/sludge metal trio Dukatalon released on November 16 2010 and on iTunes on December 14 2010. The album was originally released in Israel in a small print in 2009.The album was recorded by the band as a two-piece with Zafrir Tzori handling all vocals guitars and bass duties and Yariv Shilo on drums and percussion.Many compared the album's music to that of Eyehategod and Gojira.
 Folk beat n°1 (1967) is the first album of Italian singer-songwriter Francesco Guccini. It was published under the name Francesco alone.The record is as the title suggests a folk album intended to adapt the genre within a contemporary Italian context parallel to the music of Phil Ochs or Bob Dylan.
 Mockingbird Time is the eighth studio album by the alt country band The Jayhawks released on September 20 2011. The album marked the returns of the original front man Mark Olson who had left the group in 1995 after the release of Tomorrow the Green Grass and long-time keyboard player Karen Grotberg. Mockingbird Time was the first new studio album by The Jayhawks since 2003's Rainy Day Music.
 The Greatest Story Ever Told is the fourth album by the American punk rock band The Lawrence Arms released in 2003 by Fat Wreck Chords. A concept album of sorts it follows a linear storyline and has several songs which call back to or refer to others. The album includes exhaustive liner notes with footnotes to the lyrics that detail the many literary and pop culture references of the lyrics.
 Alithies & Psemata (Greek: Αλήθειες & Ψέματα; English: Truths & Lies) is the title of the 7th studio album by Greek Modern Laika singer Antonis Remos. The 15 track album was released on November 18 2008 by Sony BMG Greece and is his first studio album of entirely new material since 2005.
 Diane Schuur & the Count Basie Orchestra is a 1987 live album by Diane Schuur accompanied by the Count Basie Orchestra arranged by Frank Foster.Three years after Count Basie's death the Count Basie Orchestra is featured here as a ghost band led by Frank Foster.
 dark when the snow falls is the first album released from the band emmet swimming. The Washington Area Music Association awarded the album Debut Recording in 1993. The song misgiven was included on the Xemu Records compilation Music from the Motion Picture Crimson Lights
 The No Fun EP is an EP by American alternative rock duo Local H. It was released by Thick Records on May 27 2003. The EP features six songs three originals and three covers. The covers include The Godfathers' Birth School Work Death the Ramones' I Just Want Something To Do and Fuck Yeah That Wide which isn't a direct cover but features lyrics based on Primal Scream's song Kill All Hippies from their album XTRMNTR.
 In Camera is the debut studio album by Arthur & Yu. It was self-released on June 19 2007 on Hardly Art Records which branches off Sub Pop. Stylistically comparisons to Velvet Underground and early Luna have been drawn with a hazy atmospheric sound present in the album.
 Flaming Schoolgirls is the all-female rock band The Runaways' fifth and final album released in 1980 a year after the band had broken up. A compilation of previously unreleased recordings the album consists of one alternate version and three unreleased tracks from the sessions for the 1977 album Queens of Noise five live tracks leftover from the 1977 album Live in Japan and two Cherie Currie demo recordings.
 Jazz Composers Workshop is an album featuring jazz bassist Charles Mingus. It combines the earlier album Moods of Mingus with a Wally Cirillo session released earlier on the album Wally Cirillo & Bobby Scott. It was released on the Savoy label.
 Live at the Royal Albert Hall is a live album released by English synthpop duo Erasure in 2007. It is a double-CD set that is a recording of a concert appearance performed on 25 September 2007 at the Royal Albert Hall in London. This concert was a performance to promote the band's 2007 album Light at the End of the World. It was recorded and distributed in conjunction with Live Here Now and was available only through direct order and as a digital download via Live Here Now.
 Lovely Standards is the fourth studio album by American R&B-soul singer-songwriter Amel Larrieux released in the United States on May 22 2007 by Blisslife Records. It consists of a collection of covers of Great American Songbook jazz standards.
 Rushmore is a 1999 soundtrack to the Wes Anderson film of the same name.In the album's liner notes it is explained that director Wes Anderson originally intended for the Rushmore soundtrack to be almost entirely composed of songs by The Kinks.
 Sonic Brew is the first album by the heavy metal band Black Label Society however unlike the albums that followed this album still possessed a distinct Southern rock overtone that up to this time had predominated Zakk Wylde's solo writing style. The album was initially released in Japan on October 28 1998. It contained 13 tracks (lacking Lost My Better Half and No More Tears); the cover art was printed on clear plastic with a separate paper booklet.
 Hey Y'all is the first major-label album of country music singer Elizabeth Cook. It was released August 27 2002.
 ...All This Time is a live album and concert film by Sting recorded and filmed on 11 September 2001. It was recorded at Sting's Villa Il Palagio in Italy in front of a select audience drawn from his fan club and features live versions of Sting's songs from his Police and solo song catalogue. The album and video get their name from the song of the same name from his album The Soul Cages.
 The Devil's Rain is the seventh studio album by the horror punk band the Misfits released October 4 2011 through their own label Misfits Records. It is the band's first album in eight years following 2003's covers record Project 1950 and the first of original material since 1999's Famous Monsters. It is also the first release by the band's current lineup of Jerry Only Dez Cadena and Eric Chupacabra Arce.
 Romulus is the debut full-length album by Canadian death metal band Ex Deo. The album was released on June 19 2009 through Nuclear Blast Records. The album was recorded with producer and Kataklysm guitarist Jean-Francois Dagenais.The album title refers to Romulus one of the traditional founders and according to the tradition recorded as history the first king of Rome.
 So What is a live album by George Russell released on the Blue Note label in 1987 featuring performances by Russell with his Living Time Orchestra recorded in 1983 in Boston. The Allmusic review by Richard S.
 Out of the Woods is a studio album by the American jazz group Oregon released in April 1978. The album peaked at number 17 on the Billboard Jazz Albums chart the same year.
 Mark of the Legion is the fourth studio release by the American brutal death metal band Deeds of Flesh. It was released in 2001.
 We Died They Remixed is a 2006 remix album of Australian band Architecture in Helsinki's 2005 release In Case We Die. Each track from In Case We Die was remixed with Do the Whirlwind featured twice. Like a Call from their 2003 debut Fingers Crossed is also included.
 Independent Women Part III is the fourth mini-album (counted as second) by South Korean girl group Miss A. It was released on October 15 2012. The album contains five new tracks. The song I Don't Need A Man served as its lead single. Only track no.1: I Don't Need a Man track no.3: If I Were a Boy and track no.5: Time's Up were later added on Miss A's second album Hush
 The Great Arrival is a 1966 instrumental album by Sérgio Mendes.
 All Good Things: Jerry Garcia Studio Sessions is a six-CD box set by Jerry Garcia. It contains Garcia's five solo studio albums and an additional disc with previously unreleased studio recordings. The albums are remastered for the box set and include bonus tracks such as alternate versions and outtakes from the album recording sessions. The box set also includes a 128-page book. It was released by Rhino Records on April 20 2004.
 My Crew My Dawgs is a T.O.K. Dancehall/Reggae fusion album released in 2001.
 This article describes the 27th album in the South Africa Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 27 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 27 or Now 27 was released in 2000. The album is the 27th edition of the South African Now! series.
 The Burning is the debut album of Crown of Thorns. It was originally released in 1995 and later re-issued as The Crown album.The song Night of the Swords attacks Holocaust deniers.
 1989–1999 is a compilation album released by New York alternative metal band Life of Agony in 1999 through Roadrunner Records (see 1999 in music). It contains nine songs from the demos the band released some bonus tracks of previous releases as well as a few extra tracks. The chorus for Dancing with the Devil(Demo) was eventually kept to be used for the chorus in Other side of the River from 'Ugly'.
 Porgy and Bess is a recording of the Glyndebourne Festival Opera version of the George Gershwin opera of the same name. The cast were accompanied by the London Philharmonic Orchestra under the direction of Simon Rattle. The recording took place in February 1988 in No.1 Studio of Abbey Road in London. It was released in 1989. The 1993 TV adaptation of Porgy and Bess used this recording as its soundtrack and featured most of the original cast of the Glyndebourne production.
 SOLAR RAY Hirasawa best recycling album Recycled by P-MODEL kernel is a 2001 remix album by Susumu Hirasawa.The recycling concept is present in the album in various ways. It reuses old Susumu Hirasawa songs from previous albums remixes them in the reutilised energetic Technopop feel (or kernel) of P-MODEL (specifically the Defrosted lineup that made P-MODEL & big body) mixed with Hirasawa's Symphonic Electronica style.
 Don't Fence Me In is the third studio album released by American country music artist Lari White. The album was released on February 16 1996. The album produced two chart singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts: Ready Willing and Able which peaked at #20 and Wild at Heart which peaked at #56. Ready Willing and Able was previously cut by Daron Norwood on his 1995 album of the same name.
 David Byrne's self-titled album (styled davidenryd) was released in 1994. Angels and Back in the Box were the two main singles released from the album. The first one entered the US Modern Rock Tracks chart reaching #24.The album spent six weeks on the Billboard 200 chart.Part of the song Lilies of the Valley can be heard sampled on Talib Kweli's Right About Now the leadoff track from his 2006 Right About Now: The Official Sucka Free Mix CD.
 Cool Cool Rider is the second studio album Beenie Man and his debut on VP Records.
 Mariachi El Bronx is the fifth studio album by the Los Angeles rock band The Bronx released August 2 2011 through ATO Records. It is the band's second album under their alter egos Mariachi El Bronx in which they play mariachi music in place of their usual hardcore punk and hard rock styles.
 Mistaken Identity released in the spring of 1981 is the career-defining Platinum-plus sixth studio album by Kim Carnes. It was one of 1981's biggest albums and produced Billboard's #1 song for the entire year Bette Davis Eyes. It was nominated for the Album Of The Year Grammy Award.The album spent four weeks at #1 on Billboard magazine's Top Albums chart and was subsequently certified Platinum.
 Something for Everybody is an album released by Baz Luhrmann in 1998. It contains new ambient versions (either newly recorded or remixed) of music from his films and plays including hits from William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet Strictly Ballroom and La bohème.
 'Daydreams in Cold Weather' (2002) is an album by DJ John Tejada.
 Fruits of Nature is the debut album by the American rap group The U.M.C.'s.
 The New Deal is a live album released by the Canadian electronic music trio The New Deal in 2001. The bulk of the album was recorded at performances in Atlanta GA Ithaca NY Northampton MA and Montreal PQ though it was sculpted into a larger piece in the studio.The album was nominated for Alternative Album of the Year at the 2003 Juno Awards.
 King of Bongo is an album by Mano Negra released on April 1 1991. The album was mainly aimed at the American audience and as such most of the songs are in English. The French edition of Rolling Stone magazine named this album the 61st greatest French rock album (out of 100).
 Vu Par an album of remixed Autour de Lucie tracks was released in 2001 on the Le Village Vert label and in 2002 on the Sony International label.
 Lost and Found is the third album by the Trachtenburg Family Slideshow Players and was released in the USA by Tummy Touch Records on July 12 2011. It features new and old songs (even these have been re-arranged/re-recorded) by the band as well as bonus tracks from the band's side projects The Pendulum Swings Supercute! and a solo track from Jason Trachtenburg.
 When We Were Small is the debut album by American singer-songwriter Rosie Thomas released in 2001.
 Exodus is a Christian compilation album featuring various artists of Contemporary Christian Music such as dc Talk Jars of Clay Third Day and Michael W. Smith. The album is noted for recreations of two well-known songs: Third Day recreates Michael W. Smith's Agnus Dei with a version still played on the radio today and Michael W. Smith recreates I See You a song written by Rich Mullins and also plays the song on his second worship album Worship Again.
 Local Licks Live XII is the twelfth CD of live music recorded for KLBJ's Local Licks Live. The proceeds from this benefit CD went to the Austin Victims of Domestic Violence Emergency Fund.
 Supersonic is a studio album by Korean singer Younha released on July 03 2012. While technically her fifth Korean album it is fourth album as a whole as referenced by the album title.
 In Love & War is the fourth studio album by American R&B recording artist Amerie released November 3 2009 on Def Jam Recordings. Recording sessions for the album took place during 2008 to 2009 at Record Plant Studios in Hollywood California and at other recording studios in Miami Florida and Atlanta Georgia.
 From Branch to Branch is the title of a recording by singer/guitarist Leon Redbone released in 1981. It was his first on Atlantic Records and peaked at No. 152 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts.
 Many Facez is the first and only album released by American rapper Tracey Lee. It was released on April 8 1997 through Universal Records with production handled by Tracey Lee DJ Parley and D-Dot and Amen-Ra of the The Hitmen. Many Facez was only a minor success making it to 111 on the Billboard 200 and 23 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.The album spawned one charting single entitled The Theme (It's Party Time) which peaked at 55 on the Billboard Hot 100 and 6 on the Hot Rap Singles chart.
 Marinella - Portraito (Greek: Μαρινέλλα - Πορτραίτο; English: Marinella - Portrait) is a compilation of recordings by popular Greek singer Marinella under the PolyGram Records - Philips series Portraito (Portrait). This album is part of the compilation. It was released in 1980 in Greece and includes 14 recordings by Marinella from 1974 - 1979 for the PolyGram Records.
 When is an album by Vincent Gallo released by Warp Records in 2001.
 Morning Noon &The Nite-Liters is the second album by the Louisville Kentucky group The Nite-Liters the instrumental ensemble offshoot of New Birth.
 Lazyboy TV is the 2004 album by pop music/spoken word project Lazyboy (known as Lazy B in the UK). The album contains trivia philosophical advice stand-up comedy and social commentary on American society spoken over contemporary hip hop-esque beats. The project was initiated by producers Soren Rasted (of the bands Aqua and Hej Matematik) and Johnny Douglas who dubbed the style Rhythm'n'Speak.
 The Missing White House Tapes was a sketch comedy voice recording which was a satiric commentary on the Watergate scandal. It was a spin-off from National Lampoon magazine. The recording was produced by Irving Kirsch and Vic Dinnerstein. It was released as a single on Blue Thumb Records in 1973. In 1974 it was expanded into an album which was subsequently nominated for a Grammy Award as Best Comedy Recording of the year.
 To Win or To Lose is the second studio album by The Pine Hill Haints.
 Fresh! is the debut album from Australian dance-pop singer/songwriter Gina G. The album peaked at #12 on the UK Albums Chart and #27 on the U.S. Billboard Heatseekers chart. The album is certified Silver (marking sales of 60000) in the United Kingdom.The opening single Ooh Aah... Just a Little Bit written by Simon Tauber and Steve Rodway was the official Eurovision entry for the UK in 1996. Gina G co-wrote four tracks on the album all of which later became singles.
 Home is the BoDeans' third studio album and was released in 1989. It peaked at number 94 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Satisfaction Kills Desire is the 5th album of the Belgian band Zornik.
 Ipertensione is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Roberto Vecchioni.
 Riddim Driven: Kopa also known as Kopa Riddim is an album produced by Black Chiney that was released on May 10 2005 as part of VP Records' Riddim Driven series.The sound system Black Chiney evolved from founding member Supa Dups' reggae/hip-hop mix-CD project and was established after Supa Dups teamed up with Bobby Chin who was a selector in Tampa Florida's Poison Dart sound system in 1999.
 Simonna is the second self-titled studio album by Lithuanian recording artist Simonna released on October 8 2012 by ZUZI Muzika. Simonna participated in National Eurovision Song Contest with album's second single One Of A Kind.
 Bazooka 17 is a box set released by Sony Music Entertainment Japan for singer Ami Suzuki in September 2005. It was a limited edition release.
 The Sunlandic Twins is the seventh album by indie pop band Of Montreal. The album continues further into the more electronic territory first explored on 2004's Satanic Panic in the Attic. It was recorded almost entirely by Kevin Barnes the band's singer and songwriter in Athens GA and Oslo Norway throughout 2004.
 Midnight in the Patch: Tribute to the Smashing Pumpkins is a 2001 tribute album featuring a variety of artists covering songs from the American alternative rock band Smashing Pumpkins.
 Blue is the second studio album by Polish gothic rock band Closterkeller. It was released on February 1992 in Poland through SPV Poland. The album was recorded at Izabelin Studio from September–December 1991. The cover art was created by Jerzy Linder and photos by Andrzej Świetlik.
 Cumbia & Jazz Fusion is an album by Charles Mingus recorded for the Atlantic label in 1977. It features two extended compositions written for the film Todo Modo by Mingus and performed by large ensembles featuring Jack Walrath Jimmy Knepper Paul Jeffrey Ricky Ford Dannie Richmond Candido Ray Mantilla George Adams and Danny Mixon. The first two tracks on the album were inspired by Colombian Cumbia.
 T.N.T. is the second studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC released on 1 December 1975. Seven of the album's nine songs were written by Angus Young Malcolm Young and Bon Scott. Can I Sit Next to You Girl was written by Angus & Malcolm Young prior to Scott's involvement in the band and School Days is a cover version of a Chuck Berry song.T.N.T. was originally released on Albert Productions and has never been reissued by another label.
 Tom and Catherine is an album by John Miles released in 1999. The album is the soundtrack to a musical which handles about the life of the novelist Catherine Cookson and her husband Tom Cookson. The musical was written by playwright Tom Kelly and he asked Miles to write music for the musical (they had already collaborated on Machine Gunners).
 Le Più Belle Di is the first budget compilation album of the singer Alexia released in 2006 shortly before she left Sony. It is not regarded as an official Alexia hits compilation as it contains both singles and album tracks.
 The Weight Is a Gift is the fourth album by the alternative rock band Nada Surf. It was released on Barsuk in 2005.
 Business of Punishment is the fourth full-length album by industrial/hip hop artists Consolidated which was released in 1994.
 Operation: Livecrime (stylized as Operation: LIVEcrime) is a boxed set covering the live performance of the album Operation: Mindcrime by the American heavy metal band Queensrÿche. It was released by EMI in 1991.
 Stand Up! (see 1979 in music) was The Archers fifth studio album and fourth Light Records release. It was co-produced by Elvis Presley’s TCB Band keyboardist Larry Muhoberac and studio engineer John Guess.Stand Up! was the first album in which former female vocalist Nancye Short-Tsapralis did not participate. Although Tsapralis sang background vocals on the prior Fresh Surrender project (un-credited) Janice Archer’s voice was used on female leads.
 Miroslav Vitous Group is an album by Czech bassist Miroslav Vitous recorded in 1980 and released on the ECM label.
 Odetta Sings is the 1970 album by Odetta. It is her only album on Polydor Records and is out-of-print.The album was recorded with a large number of well-known session musicians and special guests and contained a significant amount of contemporary material including work by Randy Newman Paul McCartney James Taylor Elton John and the Rolling Stones.
 Consent to Treatment is the second album by Blue October. It was recorded at Bay 7 Studios in Valley Village and Media Vortex in Burbank California and released in the United States August 15 2000 by Universal Records. It is the band's first major label album and their only album to feature former member Brant Coulter on guitar as well as their first album featuring Matt Noveskey. The opening track is a spoken word poem written by Justin Furstenfeld and recited by Blue Miller.
 Rebels on the Run is the seventh studio album by American country music duo Montgomery Gentry. It was released on October 18 2011 via Average Joe's Entertainment. Inside one copy of the album was a golden ticket for a custom-made Demented Cycles motorcycle.So Called Life was previously recorded and released by its songwriter Sean Patrick McGraw and was also recorded by Jaydee Bixby on his 2008 album Cowboys and Cadillacs.
 Paralyzed is the second studio album by the Vermont-based doom metal band Witch founded by J Mascis of Dinosaur Jr.
 MYMP Live at the Music Museum is a live music album of Philippine acoustic band MYMP. It was released under Ivory Records.
 The Greatest Bits: B-Sides & Rarities is the second compilation album released by British pop rock band McFly. The album was released on 3 December 2007 and was only available at Woolworths stores across the UK. The album features a range of B-Sides and covers from the group's singles as well as a new recording of Santa Claus Is Coming To Town. The record has become quite sought after since the collapse of Woolworths in 2008.
 Feelings is an album by David Byrne released on June 17 1997 and noted for the collaboration with the British band Morcheeba.Cover art by Stefan Sagmeister.
 Motor City Madness is a compilation album by Funkadelic featuring songs recorded for Westbound Records during the band's career with that label from 1968 to 1976. The compilation first appeared overseas in 2003 and was released in the United States in 2006.
 Urdu (1985) is the only album released by the experimental pop music group Urdu a trio composed of Robert Rich Rick Davies and Andrew McGowan. The group worked together under this name from 1983 to 1984. This album of its accumulated recordings was released in 1985 after Urdu’s members moved on to other projects.
 I Was a Mail Order Bridegroom is the tenth solo album by Australian guitarist and songwriter Ed Kuepper recorded in 1995 and released on the Hot label initially as a mail order only release.
 Memory Man is the third studio album by Aqualung. The album was released on March 13 2007 in the U.S.. The first single from the album was Pressure Suit. The album debuted at #88 on the Billboard 200 chart in its first week.
 Addicted to Black is an album by singer-songwriter Don McLean released in May 2009.
 Ice-T VI: Return Of The Real is the sixth studio album by American rapper Ice-T released June 4 1996 on Priority Records. The title is a play on words based on the movie Star Wars VI: Return of the Jedi with the VI referring to it being his sixth album. The album features production by DJ Ace E-A-Ski & CMT Hen Gee Ice-T Mad Rome and San Man. It peaked at number 19 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 89 on the Billboard 200.
 Back to Titanic is the second soundtrack album released for the film which contains a mixture of previously unreleased recordings and newly recorded performances of the songs in the film.After the success of the first soundtrack album James Horner created a new suite of music comprising light and dark sections from the score which represents the soul of his music for the film.In addition several of the source numbers from the film were included into this second album.
 Air Stereo is The Damnwells' second full length album released on August 15 2006.
 Individual Emotion is Aya Kamiki's fourth album and her first under her new label Avex Trax released simultaneously alongside her first greatest hits album Aya Kamiki Greatest Best. The only single from the album is W-B-X ~W-Boiled Extreme~ the opening theme song for Kamen Rider W. The first disc included in the standard and limited edition releases is a normal studio album.
 A Gospel Journey is a live DVD released by the country/gospel group The Oak Ridge Boys consisting of live performance of various gospel-themed songs from their recording catalog over the years as well as historical footage and interviews with the group. A CD containing the musical performances was also produced. Both were released on April 21 2009.
 Sing a Song of Basie is a 1957 album by Lambert Hendricks & Ross. The cover shown is the original cover but the later Impluse re-issue cover
 The Ultimate Aural Orgasm is the twelfth studio album by Scooter. Two singles were released from it: Behind The Cow and Lass Uns Tanzen. This is the first album released with new member Michael Simon. Its artwork is an homage to the 1987 album Music for the Masses by Depeche Mode.
 A Natural Death is the fourth studio album by Horse the Band.
 Gum Tree Canoe is an album by the American musician John Hartford released in 1984. It was reissued on CD in 2001 with two additional tracks.
 Yes It's True is the fourth studio album by American pop band The Polyphonic Spree. It was released on August 6 2013.
 Building is the third album from Sense Field. It was released in 1996 on Revelation Records.
 War of Ages is the first full length album by Christian metalcore band War of Ages. The album was released on the April 13 2006 on Strike First Records a branch of Facedown Records.
 Adequate 7 EP is the debut release from the Welsh funk/punk/hardcore band Adequate Seven. It contains five tracks and is limited to 1500 copies.Two of the tracks were re-recorded for their debut full length album Songs of Innocence and of Experience. This EP features the original line up of the band: Ben Reynolds (drums) Jamie Searle (vocals) Jonny Prosser (bass) Kazz Bassma (guitar) Pete Barnes (guitars) Matt Price (trumpet) and Tom Pinder (trombone).
 Stories From The Black Book is the debut album by southern rapper K-Rino It was released on April 16 1993. It consists of 17 tracks The album was released on the independent label Electric City Records which was owned by K-Rino and his father the album was the first release from the label.
 Mr. Children 1992–1995 is a compilation album by Mr. Children released on July 11 2001.This is a compilation of selected album and single tracks from 1992 to 1995 released on the same day as Mr. Children 1996–2000. It is the sixth best selling album of 2001 in Japan according to Oricon.
 Lugburz is the debut full length album by the Austrian black metal band Summoning. This album consists mostly of demo songs which were rearranged. Lugburz means Dark Tower in Black Speech and is commonly applied to the tower of Barad-dûr in J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. Unlike every following Summoning album which are slower and more atmospheric with heavier keyboards Lugburz's sound is overall faster and sounds more similar to the band Abigor.
 A Fifth of Funk is the fifth and final installment of the George Clinton Family Series collection by Parliament-Funkadelic collective members. The album was released in 1993 by P-Vine Records in Japan and then was released later in the same year by AEM Records in the United States and Sequel Records in the United Kingdom.
 Hangable Auto Bulb is a 1995 electronic music EP by Richard D. James under his alias AFX. It was re-released on CD on October 31 2005.
 No Way is the second album by Run On released on February 25 1997 through Matador Records.
 McLaren Furnace Room is the first major label album by Canadian band The Watchmen. Originally released by SUMO Productions in Canada in 1992 (with the help of MCA Records) the release impressed MCA Records Canada who signed the band and released the album in 1993 on a much wider scale.
 The View from theInside is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson recorded in 1976 and released on the Blue Note label. The session has been released on CD in 2007 as part of Mosaic Select: Bobby Hutcherson.
 Rumors Laid Waste is an EP by The Blood Brothers. While all songs were recorded between 1998 and 1999 [1] the EP itself was released in 2003.
 Mary Joanna is an ep released in 1992 by The Stairs. As with other Stairs releases it was issued in several formats: cd single 7 vinyl and 12 vinyl. The 7 vinyl release came with Stairtex Record Cleaner enclosed supposedly a cd cleaner on one side and a vinyl record cleaner on the other. The cleaner was actually a piece of sandpaper the coarse side of which was supposed to be used to 'clean' cds.
 Promises Kept is an album by American jazz pianist and composer Steve Kuhn with strings recorded in 2000 and released on the ECM label.
 Say It To My Face is the second album by the Australian Ska band Area-7. It was released in 2001 by Jive Records and Trademark Records.The album cover was changed just days before the release. The original artwork had an army and war theme and just before the release of the album the 11 September attacks occurred so it was changed out of respect for the victims of these attacks.The song Individuality was featured in a Rocket Power movie shown on Nickelodeon.
 Silvia Olari is the debut album by Italian pop singer Silvia Olari. The album was released on March 27 2009 by Warner Bros. Records. Luca Jurman collaborated as musician and arranger for all the cd. Nek wrote the first single Fino all'Anima.
 Mystic Theatre is the sixth album by Mark Olson Victoria Williams and the Original Harmony Ridge Creekdippers.
 Good Luck is a 1999 album by Big D and the Kids Table.
 Génération 78 is a Dalida EP recorded in duet with as special guest Bruno Guillain was recorded in 1978 and was a huge radio/club disco hit.
 Trying To Write A Love Song is Sherry Rich's second EP released in 1996
 Suite for Susan Moore and Damion: We Are One One All in One is an album by folk artist Tim Hardin released in 1969. It was Hardin's first release on his new label Columbia Records. It peaked at No. 129 on the Billboard Pop Album charts.
 Fishbone 101: Nuttasaurusmeg Fossil Fuelin' the Fonkay is a two-CD 1996 compilation album by the alternative/funk/rock band Fishbone. The first disc contains album tracks (some in edited versions) from the Fishbone albums up to 1993. The second disc contains B-sides alternate versions EP tracks demos and other non-album items from the same time period. The Goose is a previously unreleased cover of the song by the funk band Parliament.
 Somebody's Gonna Love You is a studio album by Lee Greenwood released on March 3 1983. It was certified Gold.
 Smoke is an album by Paul Kelly and Melbourne bluegrass band Uncle Bill which was composed of Gerry Hale on guitar dobro mandolin fiddle and vocals Adam Gare on fiddle mandolin and vocals Peter Somerville on banjo and vocals and Stuart Speed on double bass. The album featured a mix of old and new Kelly songs treated in classic bluegrass fashion.
 Policy is the first solo studio album by Martha Davis who is better known as the lead singer for the band The Motels. Martha broke up with her band in February 1987 declaring that she was going solo and by November she had released her first solo album.
 Peter Frampton is the eleventh studio album by English singer-songwriter Peter Frampton released in 1994. An expanded version of the album was issued in 2000. It also features one of the last recordings made by Peter's former bandmate Steve Marriott Out of the Blue.
 Siempre Estoy Pensando en Ti (English: I'm Always Thinking of You) is the title of a studio album released by Mexican singer-songwriter Juan Gabriel with mariachi in 1978 and re-release on July 18 1989.Siempre Estoy Pensando En Tí is a compilation album composed of tracks from 2 previous studio albums: Juan Gabriel Con El Mariachi Vargas De Tecalitlan (1974) Ases Y Tercia De Reyes La Muerte Del Palomo Lágrimas Y Lluvia Si Dios Me Ayuda Que Sea Mi Condena Esta Noche Voy A Verla Juan Gabriel con Mariachi Vol. 
 In Time: The Best of R.E.M. 1988–2003 is the second official compilation album released by R.E.M. Issued in 2003 it includes tracks from their Warner Bros. Records era from 1988's Green to 2001's Reveal as well as two new recordings and two songs from movie soundtracks. The album was a huge success in the UK the tenth-best selling album of 2003 and the 49th best-selling album of the 2000s in the UK.
 Depravity is the second full-length release by deathcore band A Plea for Purging. It was released on hardcore and metal label Facedown Records and was produced by Joey Sturgis (The Devil Wears Prada Attack Attack!). The album received generally positive reviews.
 A ship may also be launched see Ship naming and launchingLaunched is the second album from German hardcore punk band Beatsteaks. It was released in March 2000 on Epitaph Records and follows the band's debut release 48/49 in 1997 on XNO Records. The album contains an interesting half acoustic cover version of a song by heavy metal band Manowar Kings of Metal. The band stayed with Epitaph Records for their next release Living Targets in 2002.
 Jimmy Wayne is the debut album of American country music singer Jimmy Wayne. Released in the United States on June 24 2003 (see 2003 in country music) it produced four chart singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. The album's first two singles Stay Gone and I Love You This Much both reached Top Ten on that chart peaking at No. 3 and No. 6 respectively. Following these two songs were You Are and Paper Angels both of which peaked at No. 18.
 Wild Hope is the fifth studio album by American singer Mandy Moore her first in four years. It was released via her new label The Firm Music a division of EMI USA on June 19 2007 (see 2007 in music). It was released digitally in Australia on June 18 with the bonus track Swept Away. Counting her compilation and cover albums it is Moore's seventh album and her first to be fully co-written.
 Melon's Not Dead is the fourth album from the J-pop group Melon Kinenbi released on February 17 2010. It was their only original album after having graduated from Hello! Project. Most of the tracks are collaborations with various rock bands from the previous year. Its highest ranking on the Oricon weekly chart was #54 and it charted for two weeks.
 Ignition is the first EP by the hard rock band Unisonic. It features 2 future album tracks a demo song and a live version of the Helloween classic I Want Out. It was released on 27 January 2012.
 Best of Bootlegs Vol. 1 is a live compilation CD from the alternative rock band Switchfoot. The tracks were taken from the various “official bootleg” recordings that were distributed at each show from the band’s 2007 fall Appetite for Construction Tour.The album was released at the launch of the band’s official fan club “Friends of the Foot” as an exclusive autographed CD. The band has stated that these tracks will be made available to everyone in the near future.
 The Carnegie Hall Concerts: January 1943 is a live album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded at Carnegie Hall in New York in 1943 and released on the Prestige label in 1977.
 Dancing Under Streetlights an EP is the third and final release by The Brains. It was released in 1982.
 Who Said Gay Paree is a 2008 studio album by Danish jazz guitarist Jakob Bro.
 The Trumpet Child is the tenth studio album by Over the Rhine released in 2007. In addition to the CD the album was also released on 180-gram vinyl.
 The Journey (Livin' Hits) is the second greatest hits album by American country music artist Craig Morgan. It was released on September 3 2013 via Black River Entertainment. The album includes four new tracks including the single Wake Up Lovin' You.
 Exit at the Axis is an EP by Sky Cries Mary released on May 19 1992 through Capitol Records.
 Buzz is the third studio album by British pop group Steps released on 25 October 2000. It reached number four on the UK Albums Chart. The album saw the group edging away from the PWL sound to a more mature sound working with producers from Sweden and songwriters such as Cyndi Lauper. This more mature sound was also echoed in the new material from Gold:Greatest Hits.Each of the five group members co-wrote a track on the album each in turn had a chance to have lead vocals in one whole track.
 Fighting! (Chinese: 生存之道) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Tank's debut Mandarin solo studio album. It was released on 24 February 2006 by HIM International Music with a bonus VCD containing two music videos.
 'Little Death' is the debut album by English indie rock group Pete & The Pirates released on February 17 2008. Recorded and mixed by producer Gareth Parton (The Go! Team Foals The Breeders) at The Fortress Studios London.
 Bad But Good is the first mini album by South Korea-Chinese girl group Miss A. Bad But Good was released on July 1 2010 and contains four songs. The track 1 Bad Girl Good Girl is being used as single and has peaked at number one on various Korean charts. The songs (excluding the track 2) were later added on Miss A's first album A Class.
 Sound the Alarm is the eleventh studio album by The Dawn released in 2009. It is the band's first album with the new guitarist Kenneth Ilagan. Five of the album's tracks were produced by Raimund Marasigan the other five by Ariz Guinto. Marasigan also helped with musical arrangement especially with the six songs composed by the bass guitar player Buddy Zabala. Pro Tools was used in making half of the songs on the album a new method for the band.
 Field Studies is a split EP released on Magic Bullet in 2009. The first two tracks are performed by This Will Destroy You with the last three performed by Lymbyc Systym.
 Break out the Battle Tapes is the debut album from Wired All Wrong a duo made up of Matt Mahaffey of Self and Jeff Turzo of God Lives Underwater. The album is notable for its unique production particularly for its creative methods of editing explicit words. According to Turzo this was done largely because he doesn't want to expose his young son to the harsh language on a few of the band's songs.
 A Best 2 is a series of greatest hits compilation albums recorded by Ayumi Hamasaki which were released simultaneously on February 28 2007 (2007-02-28). A Best 2: Black debuted at #1 in Japan on its first day and took #2 in the weekly chart as well as in several countries throughout Asia. It was ranked #4 on CDJapan's Top 100 album of 2007. A Best 2: White debuted at #1 in Japan and several countries throughout Asia. A Best 2: White was ranked #3 on CDJapan's Top 100 album of 2007.
 Hoodlum is the soundtrack to the 1997 American crime film Hoodlum. It was released on August 12 1997 through Interscope Records and consisted of a blend of hip hop and R&B music. The soundtrack peaked at 94 on the Billboard 200 and 23 on the Top R&B Albums and contained Mobb Deep's single Hoodlum which went to 29 on the Hot Rap Singles. None of these songs appear in the 1997 film Hoodlum.
 Don't Burn the Witch... is a split EP by thrash metal bands Toxic Holocaust Minotaur Evil Angel and Goat Messiah released under Midnight Records.
 Ocean of Funk is the debut album by American rapper E.S.G.. It has sold over 100000 copies.
 Self-Inflicted is the 8th album by Leaether Strip.
 Style is the sixth studio album by Japanese recording artist Namie Amuro and her first in over three years. This album follows her crossover into R&B/Hip-Hop from the Suite Chic project. Although Amuro has always dabbled with R&B beats this is her first solo album to predominantly feature the actual style.
 The Action Figure is Christian rapper Knowdaverbs' second album.
 Leave Everything Behind is the first EP released by the Swedish/Danish power/melodic death metal band Amaranthe. The EP was released on February 18 2009.
 Pandora (Chinese: 潘朵拉; pinyin: Pānduǒlā) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Angela Chang's third Mandarin studio album. It was released on 1 January 2006 by Linfair Records.
 If We Could Only See Us Now is a dual disc release by the post hardcore band Thrice and has been certified Gold by the RIAA. The first disc is a CD of rarities including unreleased songs. The second disc is a documentary of the band on DVD which covers their career from their founding up through the release of their album The Artist In The Ambulance.
 The Dixie-Narco EP is an EP by the British band Primal Scream released in February 1992 on Creation Records. Recorded at Ardent Studios in Memphis this is the only official Primal Scream release to contain the song Screamadelica which was not used on their Screamadelica album (Movin' on Up appears on Screamadelica).Carry Me Home was originally written by Dennis Wilson of The Beach Boys for the group's 1973 Holland album but was not included in the final release.[1]
 Parasitic People is the second album Japanese group Super Junky Monkey released in 1996. It showed the group honing and integrating their influences into a very complex and (to some) unlistenable recording. It was released in Japan and the United States.
 Anthology Vol. 1: Cowboy Man is a compilation album of songs by Lyle Lovett released in 2001. Two songs (The Truck Song and San Antonio Girl) saw their first release on this compilation; all other tracks were previously released. Both previously unreleased tracks were later included on Lovett's 2003 studio album My Baby Don't Tolerate.
 Anywhere Out of the Everything is the second album from American alternative hip hop producer Telephone Jim Jesus. It was released on Anticon in 2007.
 Litany of Echoes is the sixth studio album from James Blackshaw. It was released in the United States on June 17 2008.
 Testimonios Y Amores (Eng.: Statements and Loves) is the title of the second studio album released by music group Agrupación Marilyn.
 Spotlight on Willie Nelson is a 1974 compilation album by country singer Willie Nelson. This album picked up where 1973's Country Winners left off concentrating mostly on RCA material released 1970-72. Bring Me Sunshine makes its LP debut albeit in reprocessed stereo form. It would not be until 1998 24 years after the release of this album that Bring Me Sunshine would be issued in true stereo.
 Greatest Hits Vol. II is the thirteenth album released by singer-songwriter Barry Manilow. In Britain Manilow's first Greatest Hits album had been issued as Manilow Magic thus this second volume was issued there as A Touch More Magic.The album was mostly compilation with the exception of three new tracks: You're Looking Hot Tonight Put a Quarter in the Jukebox and Read 'Em and Weep (a #18 U.S.
 Arashic is the sixth studio album of the Japanese boy band Arashi. The album was released on July 5 2006 in Japan under their record label J Storm in two editions: a limited CD+DVD version and a regular CD version. The album was the first album of the group to be released not only in Japan but in Hong Kong South Korea Taiwan and Thailand as well. In Korea the first 10000 copies of the album were sold out on the first day and topped the non-Korean sales charts in the third week of July.
 Cosmic Genesis is the third full-length album by Swedish progressive/folk metal band Vintersorg. It was released on November 3 2000. The album signaled a move away from the folk metal of the previous two albums to progressive as well as lyrical themes now mostly written in English moving towards space as opposed to nature and heathenism.
 Zombieactionhauptquartier is an album by the German metalcore band Callejon.
 A Ruff Guide is a compilation album by Tricky with songs from the albums released during the Island Records period. It was released in 2002.
 Love and Youth is an album by Jenny Wilson released in 2005.
 Enjoy Every Sandwich: The Songs of Warren Zevon released in 2004 is a tribute album to the late Warren Zevon by many famous musicians. It includes two unreleased Zevon songs: The Wind sung by actor Billy Bob Thornton; and Studebaker sung by Warren's son Jordan Zevon.The album's title comes from an interview Zevon did on the Late Show with David Letterman following Zevon's having been diagnosed with terminal lung cancer.
 Wombling Songs was the first album released by The Wombles. The songs were recorded by Mike Batt (vocals) with session musicians Chris Spedding (guitars) Les Hurdle (bass) Clem Cattini (drums) Ray Cooper (percussion) Rex Morris (piano) Eddie Mordue (sax) and Jack Rothstein (violin).
 The Many Faces of Oliver Hart or How Eye One the Write Too Think is an album recorded and entirely produced by Eyedea released under the pseudonym Oliver Hart. The album was produced engineered mixed and written solely by Eyedea. Each song on this album can be described as a recorded version of Eyedea's consciousness or as a snapshot of an idea within him. Oliver Hart is a homophone for  All of her heart Eyedea clarifies this in his song Perfect Medicine.
 20/20 is the fourth album from West Coast hip hop group Dilated Peoples. Following the mixed reviews from their 2004 album Neighborhood Watch the group was able to reclaim some of their past acclaim with 20/20 but not on the level of their first two efforts The Platform and Expansion Team.
 Ceux du dehors (1981) is the third album by the Belgian RIO band Univers Zero. The title translates as Those from the Outside which strongly alludes among other things to the Dark Fantasy works of HP Lovecraft.The original LP consisted of six tracks.
 Amok is the first full-length album by Elephant Six musician The Late B.P. Helium. It was released in 2004 on Orange Twin Records.
 Whitey Morgan and the 78's is the second studio album by Whitey Morgan and the 78's.
 Symphony X is the first studio album by progressive metal band Symphony X released in 1994 through Zero Corporation (Japan) and reissued in 1996 through Inside Out Music (Europe); a remastered edition was reissued on January 13 2004 through Inside Out.
 Swamp Gold is an album by Freddy Fender. It was released in 1978 on ABC Records.
 Hit After Hit is the debut album from The Briefs released in 2000 on both CD and white red pink and clear vinyl.
 Moving Mountains is the second album by The Casket Lottery. The cover and insert images are from Katsushika Hokusai's woodblock prints from his Thirty-six Views of Mount Fuji series.
 Make Alotta Money is an extended play by American rapper Apathy. It was the first EP he had ever released and was officially released in October 8 2010. The EP featured 2 songs with different versions of it.
 If You Can Believe Your Eyes and Ears is the 1966 debut album by The Mamas & the Papas (erroneously spelled[citation needed] The Mama's and the Papa's on the cover).
 Service was the sixth and at the time final studio album by Yellow Magic Orchestra. The band dissolved the following year after a world tour but would later reform in 1993 for a one-off reunion album Technodon. Each member would continue their already established solo careers while Haruomi Hosono and Yukihiro Takahashi also formed the band Sketch Show (with Ryuichi Sakamoto assisting) which later turned into YMO.
 Basement Apes is the fourth album released by the Norwegian band Gluecifer.The title is a pun on The Basement Tapes a 1975 album by Bob Dylan and The Band.
 Walk in da Park is the debut album by English rapper Giggs released on 4 August 2008.
 Free and Equal is a live album by English saxophonist John Surman featuring American drummer Jack DeJohnette and the London Brass recorded in Queen Elizabeth Hall in London in 2001 and released on the ECM label.
 The Giraffes is the third full-length album by The Giraffes and their first for the Razor & Tie label. The track Honey Baby Child was written by and recorded in memory of Pierre Michel.
 Just the Same is the second studio album by Canadian country music singer Terri Clark. It was released in late 1996 on Mercury Records. In the U.S. this album produced the singles Poor Poor Pitiful Me (a cover of a Warren Zevon song which was also a Top 40 pop hit for Linda Ronstadt) Emotional Girl and the title track which respectively reached #5 #10 and #49 on the country charts. In Canada the first two singles were both #1 on the country charts while the title track was a #16.
 The Bewitching Miss Bassey is a studio album from Shirley Bassey. Consisting of new and previously released material this was the first album from Bassey to be issued on the 12 Long-playing record format. Tracks were taken from sessions recorded between 1956 and early 1959. All the songs were recorded in the UK with Wally Stott and his Orchestra with production by Johnny Franz.
 Good To Go is a seven-track EP released by Jimmy Eat World in 2002. It was released exclusively via the band's Japanese label.
 Dream Hog EP is an EP released by the band The Suburbs.
 Man & Myth is the title of Roy Harper's 22nd studio album. Released 47 years after his debut album Sophisticated Beggar it is his first studio release in 13 years.
 Everything is a 1988 album by The Bangles.Just like its predecessor Everything also produced a Top 5 hit (In Your Room) and a No. 1 single Eternal Flame which became a chart-topper in almost every major chart around the world among its released singles.The 2008 reissue CD on the Wounded Birds label (WOU 4056) adds a bonus track: In Your Room (12 Remix).
 ¡Viva la Cobra! is the second studio album by alternative dance band Cobra Starship. The album was released October 23 2007. It was produced by Fall Out Boy's Patrick Stump whose vocals also feature throughout the album. The album peaked No. 80 on Billboard 200. It has sold more than 40000 copies to date.
 Anthology of Patrice Rushen is a compilation of the mainly R&B charting works of Patrice Rushen on the Elektra Records label from nascent late 70's singles like Hang It Up to the then-recent 1984 hit Feels So Real (Won't Let Go). Anthology was released just after Rushen's last Elektra studio album Now and just before her Arista Records debut Watch Out!.This collection was released only in the USA on cassette and LP. There was never a compact disc issue of the release.
 Love of Will is the debut album by David McComb released in March 1994. The album was recorded and mixed between June and August 1993 at Platinum Studios with additional mixing at Metropolis and Sing Sing Studios.
 Mettle is the second and final release from art rock band Hugo Largo. It was released by Brian Eno's record label Opal on January 1 1989 and was supported by a European tour following its release. Mettle was produced by then member and current electronic musician Hahn Rowe.
 Friends in High Places is an album by American country music artist George Jones was released in 1991 on the Epic Records label. It would be his final album with the label. The album contained duets that were mostly recorded in 1988 and '91 (for example the duet with Emmylou Harris All Fall Down was recorded in 1984).
 100 Demons is American hardcore band 100 Demons' self-titled second album.
 Nuit Blanche is the third album by Belgian electronic group Vive la Fête.
 Face The Mirror is an EP by metalcore band Throwdown. This EP was only available on the road directly from the band. It features the original versions of two tracks from the full length album Haymaker as well as a cover of Baby Got Back by Sir Mix A Lot. It was the last recording with Keith Barney on vocals and it was the first recording with Ken Floyd on drums.
 Compilation Appearances Vol. 1 is a compilation album by Lycia released on January 30 2001 through Projekt Records.
 Accidentally in Love (Chinese: 愛情_很突然; pinyin: ài qíng hěn tū rán) is the fifth studio album of Taiwan-born Malaysian Mandopop artist Freya Lim (Chinese: 林凡).
 World's on Fire is the first live album and second DVD by English electronic dance music band The Prodigy released on 11 May 2011.
 King Kong is the third studio album by American rapper Gorilla Zoe released on June 14 2011. The album debuted at #56 on the Billboard 200 with 10300 copies in its first week out.
 Children of the World is an album released by the Bee Gees in September 1976. The first single You Should Be Dancing went to #1 in the US and Canada and was a top ten hit in numerous other territories. The album has sold over 2.5 million copies. It was the group's fourteenth album (twelfth internationally). The album was re-issued by Reprise and Rhino Records.
 New Trails is a studio recording by the Western band Riders in the Sky released in 1986. It is available as a single CD.Following their Live album in 1986 the trio returned to the studio presenting several traditional Western songs as well as some of their own creations.
 ...Somewhere More Familiar is the second album by American alternative rock band Sister Hazel released in 1997 by Universal Records. Although it only peaked at #47 in the U.S. it has gone platinum selling over a million copies. This album contained a re-recorded and more well known version of All for You and is Sister Hazel's biggest hit to date hitting #11 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Riot Live (not to be confused with the 1982 EP of the same name with Rhett Forrester on vocals) is Riot's first full-length live album recorded in the UK in 1980 but not issued until 1989 on CBS/Sony Music in Japan.
 Kompakt: Total 2 or Total 2 was released on 25 July 2000. The album is the second installment of the Cologne-based microhouse label's annual compilation of vinyl releases and exclusives from its biggest artists and most promising newcomers. Except one (see below) all tracks on the vinyl edition were previously unreleased at the time of release.
 Invitation Only is an album by American country music singer Mickey Gilley. This album was released on May 20 2003 on the Varèse Sarabande label.
 Durga Rising is a studio album by the artists Barb Jungr Kuljit Bhamra and Russell Churney containing 11 original songs by the trio and 4 covering versions released in 1997.
 Tune Up! is an album by organist Don Patterson featuring tracks recorded in 1964 and 1969 which was released on the Prestige label in 1971. The album features unreleased recordings from the sessions that also produced Hip Cake Walk Patterson's People Oh Happy Day Brothers-4 and Donny Brook.
 Wendy Moten is the debut album by R&B singer Wendy Moten released in 1992. It features the song Come In Out of the Rain which although a minor hit on the Billboard Hot 100 was an Adult Contemporary smash peaking at number 5. It had similar success in the UK Singles Chart where it reached a peak of number 8 in 1994.
 The Prince of Egypt (Nashville) was one of three albums released along with Dreamworks's 1998 movie The Prince of Egypt. This country-themed album featured several prominent country music acts.It peaked at #6 and #8 on Billboard magazine's Top Contemporary Christian and Top Country Album charts respectively.
 Progress is the second and last album by American industrial metal band Ultraspank.Despite anemic sales Progress nevertheless received near-universal critical acclaim from critics both at the time of its release and nowadays. Major websites like Sputnikmusic even consider it one of the - if not the - best album in the entire nu-metal genre.
 Punk Rock is Your Friend: Kung Fu Records Sampler No. 6 is the sixth compilation album by the Seal Beach California record label Kung Fu Records released in 2005. It features artists signed to the label at the time as well as others who were not signed to the label but had participated in some of their releases such as The Show Must Go Off! live DVD series.
 Pass the Clock is a 3 disc compilation album by British progressive rock band Mostly Autumn. It was released in 2009 to celebrate 10 years of the band by remastering material from all of their 8 studio albums and 1 EP. Each disc contains songs that fit well together and produce different moods. Disc 1 is subtitled 'Something for the Spirit' disc 2 is 'Something for the Campfire' and disc 3 is 'Something for the Candlelight'.
 Triple Optix EP is an EP by rapper Diabolic released in 2004. It was produced by Engineer and Diabolic. The album indeed follows the same genre of subjects as his following albums have done such as political issues Diabolic's life etc.
 The Great Koonaklaster Speaks: A John Fahey Celebration is a tribute CD to guitarist John Fahey released in 2007.The sessions for the 1997 Fahey/Cul de Sac collaboration album The Epiphany of Glenn Jones marks the first appearance of The Great Kooniklaster [sic] as an Art Deco object Fahey acquired named and placed in the studio to bring focus to the sessions. Fahey used the term in a variety of ways.
 All Day DeShay: AM is the first EP by rapper brandUn DeShay. The album is almost entirely produced by DeShay himself.
 Love and Peace and Sympathy is the 7th studio album by Nottingham band Six by Seven.
 The Very Best of Carly Simon: Nobody Does It Better is singer-songwriter Carly Simon's 23rd album and third greatest-hits album released in 1999 originally in the UK. This was Simon's first single disc cross label compilation. It includes her hits from the Elektra years (1971-1979) and the Arista years (1986-2000).
 Nutbag EP is the first studio recording an extended play by Hot Action Cop an American funk rock band. It was released during 2002 and was only available to purchase at live shows or by direct order from the band.
 Consequence is an album by American saxophonist Jackie McLean recorded in 1965 but not released on Blue Note until 1979 as LT-994. In 1993 it was released as part of the four-disc Mosaic compilation The Complete Blue Note 1964-66 Jackie McLean Sessions which was limited to 5000 copies. In 2005 it was finally released on a limited edition CD as Blue Note 11428.
 Zola and the Tulip Tree is the third album by the Original Harmony Ridge Creekdippers released in 1999.
 The Golden Flute is an album by American jazz multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef featuring performances recorded in 1966 for the Impulse! label.
 For Beginner Piano is an album by British band Plone. It was released in 1999 on Warp Records. In 2009 the song On My Bus was covered by Plaid for the Warp20 (Recreated) compilation.
 The Ballad of Sally Rose is an album by Emmylou Harris released in May 1985. It marked a significant departure for Harris as all the songs were written by her and her husband Paul Kennerley. Additionally it is a concept album loosely based on Harris's relationship with the late Gram Parsons. The album tells the story of a character named Sally Rose a singer whose lover and mentor a hard-living hard-drinking musician is killed while on the road.
 La Reina del Sur (Eng.: Queen of the South) is the title of a studio album released by norteño music group Los Tigres del Norte. This album became their third number-one hit on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart and received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album.
 Space is an album by American jazz group the Modern Jazz Quartet featuring performances recorded in 1969 and released on the Apple label.
 El Disco de Oro de Ángel C. Loyola is a Venezuelan compilation album released as compact disc in 1992 with the best songs of llanero singer Ángel Custodio Loyola and his group Los Guariqueños.
 The Timid EP is an EP by indie rock band The Like Young. Their first release for The Polyvinyl Record Company it was released in 2005.
 Girados en Concierto (Girados Live) is a live-concert double-album by Latin Grammy-winning Spanish musician and actor Miguel Bosé and Spanish singer Ana Torroja formerly of the group Mecano. It was released in the U.S. on May 14th 2002. The only completely new song on the album is Corazones (Hearts) a duet written and performed by both; the rest are hits from each of their respective careers. In the case of Torroja the songs include solo hits as well as from her years with Mecano.
 La Peur is an album of the French singer Johnny Hallyday album
 The Will to Kill is the eighth studio album by Florida death metal band Malevolent Creation.The U.S. and UK album covers are alternate.
 Shadows Collide with People is the fifth studio album by John Frusciante released February 24 2004. The album was written during the recording of By the Way and is widely regarded as his most accessible work featuring a mix of guitar-driven alternative rock folk ballads and electronica. Frusciante has stated that this was his most expensive album to date costing around $150000 to produce.
 Amortem is Finnish industrial metal band Ruoska's fourth album and was released on June 14 2006.
 Abstract Theory is the debut solo album released by former Five member Abs. The album was released on 1 September 2003 peaking at No. 29 on the UK Albums Chart. The album failed to find success elsewhere and resulted in Abs being dropped from his record label just months later. The album spawned five singles: What You Got Stop Sign Shame 7 Ways and Miss Perfect. The album received mixed to positive reviews from critics comparing his material to that of his former band Five.
 The Need to Feel Alive is the second full-length album released by Forever Changed. It was released in 2005.
 Don't Stop the Carnival is a live album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins recorded at the Great American Music Hall and released on the Milestone label in 1978 featuring performances by Rollins with Mark Soskin Aurell Ray Jerome Harris and Tony Williams with Donald Byrd joining on five tracks.
 Nestvarne stvari (trans. Unreal Things) is the only album by the Serbian Post-punk/Gothic rock band Luna released in 1984. All tracks were written by Slobodan Tišma and Zoran Bulatović Bale.
 Rock Music is an album by Australian band The Superjesus released in 2003.
 Remedy Club Tour – Live is a second live album/DVD and eighth overall by American band David Crowder Band. The album was released on August 19 2008. It was recorded live on the band's club tour across America which took place after the release of their album Remedy.
 Sometimes Things Just Disappear released on March 11 2008 through Red Leader Records is the debut full-length studio album and second official release from the upstate New York-based post-hardcore/indie rock band Polar Bear Club. It is the follow-up to their critically acclaimed EP The Redder the Better and received mostly favorable reviews.
 The Rite of Spring is an album by flautist Hubert Laws released on the CTI label featuring jazz interpretations of classical music compositions.
 Future Language is the debut studio album of Von LMO released indepently in 1981 through his label StraZar. It is dedicated to the advancement of the United States space program. After a performance at Max's Kansas City in November Von LMO disappeared from the music scene until 1991.
 In the Falling Dark is the seventh full length album by Canadian singer/songwriter Bruce Cockburn. The album was released in 1976 by True North Records.
 Gin no Senritsu Kioku no Mizuoto. (銀の旋律、記憶の水音。) is Yukari Tamura's fifth album released on April 19 2006.
 Give Me Danger is Dangerous Muse's second EP and last release through Cordless Recordings. The EP was not released as a physical product but as a digital download. The EP has been released twice. On August 22nd it was released as a three song EP featuring all new Dangerous Muse songs. Then on October 3rd The EP was released and combined with the songs from The Rejection EP.
 Music Goes Round and Round is a Tommy Dorsey album of Dixieland recordings from 1935–1947 that predated the New Orleans revival in 1940.
 Leño is the first studio album by Spanish Hard rock band Leño. It was produced by Teddy Bautista and published by Chapa Discos in 1979.During the recording the bassist Chiqui Mariscal left the band and it was replaced by Tony Urbano as shown at the cover of the album.It was ranked as the 106th best Rock en Español album ever according to American magazine Al Borde.
 Jagged Thoughts is the third album by Oakland punk band American Steel. It was released in 2001 by Lookout Records. The album is a departure from their earlier releases focusing less on aggressive ska-punk and showing a larger Clash influence.
 No Better Than This is an album by American singer-songwriter and musician John Mellencamp produced by T Bone Burnett that was released on August 17 2010. The album was recorded at several historic locations throughout the United States.
 Sammie is the self-titled second studio album by American singer Sammie released by Rowdy Records on October 10 2006 in the United States (see 2006 in music). The singer teamed with producers Bryan Michael Cox Dallas Austin Jazze Pha (Former 112 member) Daron Jones Adonis Shropshire and Novel. The album garnered a mostly positive reception from music critics and produced only two singles of which both failed to chart or sell noticeably.
 Glad All Over Again is a compilation album by The Dave Clark Five released in 1993.
 Heredity is a 1985 album by Rational Youth now down to singer Tracy Howe with numerous studio musicians. In retrospect Howe was less than happy with the album especially with the fact that it looked like he was using the Rational Youth name as a flag of convenience for a solo album. The use of the Rational Youth name was suggested by Capitol Records to which Howe acquiesced.
 Peas 'n' Rice is the fourth album by American jazz vibraphonist Freddie McCoy which was recorded in 1967 (with one track from a session in 1965) for the Prestige label.
 October is the Kindest Month is the seventh studio album by folk-singer John Craigie. It was released in August 2011 on Zabriskie Point Records. It features the return of Zach Gill and Randy Schwartz along with Steve Adams on bass and Holly McGarry and Shook Twins on backup vocals.As with Montana Tale it has been placed in rotation on various radio stations such as KHUM and KPIG.
 L.A. State of Mind is the second solo album from Melanie Brown. Brown surprised fans with her return it having been five years since her debut album Hot.The only single released from the album was Today for which Brown completed a two-week promotional tour in the United Kingdom.
 Double Rainbow is Aya Matsuura's sixth album (her fifth studio album) containing two of her previously released singles. It was released on October 10 2007.
 Rebellious Soul is the debut studio album by American R&B recording artist K. Michelle. Originally scheduled to be released on July 30 2013 the album was released on August 13 2013.
 Human Cannonball is an album by alternative rock group School of Fish released in 1993 by Capitol Records.
 Growing Up Live is a concert film by Hamish Hamilton and Peter Gabriel. It features a live performance from Gabriel's 2003 Growing Up tour. The concert is notable for its dynamic set design by Robert Lepage. Also of note is the addition of Melanie Gabriel his daughter for backing vocals in this concert footage. Bonus features include Tony Levin's photo album selections and an interview with Peter Gabriel about the story of Growing Up.
 Meant for Each Other is a collaboration studio album by American country artists Lee Greenwood and Barbara Mandrell. The album was released on August 6 1984 on MCA Records and was produced by Tom Collins. It was the first and only collaboration effort between Greenwood and Mandrell.
 Singles is a compilation album by the experimental rock band Red Krayola released on July 27 2004 through Drag City.
 In the Running is the fifth album by British pop musician Howard Jones released in 1992. It was his last original studio album recorded on the Warner/Elektra label. It contains the US Top 40 hit Lift Me Up.
 The Live Mix Part 2 is an album by Breakestra an American a ten-piece funk orchestra. The album is a combination of breaks and funk covers performed with real instruments and featuring the vocals of band member Mixmaster Wolf. All tracks were produced by This Kid Names Miles.
 Ready to Strike is the first album by the band King Kobra. It was released on November 9 1985.The single Hunger was written by members of the Canadian metal band Kick Axe and was released by them in 1986 in The Transformers: The Movie soundtrack album under the made-up name of Spectre General.
 Sherbet (SHERBET Shābetto) is the second mini-album by the Japanese girl group Buono!. It was released on August 22 2012.
 Oneiric is the debut album by electronic musician Boxcutter (Barry Lynn). The word oneiric means of or pertaining to dreams; resembling a dream dreamlike.This release established Boxcutter's experimental breaks and bass-driven style of music which at first appraisal was labeled as dubstep because of its similar 2-step rhythms and warped basslines. However comparisons were also drawn to IDM in that most tracks featured heavy use of effects and processed samples of live instrumentation.
 From Chaos to 1984 is a live album by English punk rock/Oi! band The 4-Skins. Released in 1984 on Syndicate Records it is the band's third and final album. Recorded in mid-1984 in front of an invited audience of friends at a studio in Waterloo Road London the album documents the band's farewell concert and final recordings (until 2007's partial reunion).
 Scullion is the first studio album by Irish band Scullion. It was released in 1979 by Mulligan Music and produced by P.J. Curtis.
 Feelin' Bitchy is a 1977 album by singer-songwriter Millie Jackson.
 Against All Odds is the third solo studio album by hip-hop artist Tragedy Khadafi. The album was released in 2001 after much delay and included his 2000 single Bing Monsters. The album reached #9 in the Billboard Top Heatseekers (Northeast) Album Chart. Tragedy dissed former friend Noreaga on the tracks Crime Nationalist and Blood Type accusing him of stealing his rhyming style and even his hooks.
 X (as in the Roman numeral for 10) is the name of the tenth studio album by gothic rock band The 69 Eyes. The band chose Red as their first single. Days before the release of X they released Borderline as their second single.Rosary Blue a bonus track features vocals by American tattoo artist Kat Von D.
 The Battle of Birdland (also released as Tenor Battle at Birdland and Jaws N' Stitt at Birdland) is a live album by saxophonists Sonny Stitt and Eddie Davis recorded at Birdland in New York City in 1954 and originally released on the Roost label.
 The Visitation is the fifteenth studio album by the British rock band Magnum released in 2011 by SPV. The album registered the following chart positions: Germany #19 Sweden #28 UK #55 and Switzerland #56.
 Valentine is the seventh album by English folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist Roy Harper. It was first released in 1974 by Harvest Records.
 The Many Moods of Belafonte is an album by Harry Belafonte released by RCA Victor (LSP-2574) in 1962. The album features performances by South African trumpeter Hugh Masekela and vocalist Miriam Makeba.
 The Theory of Harmonial Value is the second release by the rock band Moneen. This is also their first full-length album. The album is named after the papers of Dr. Lozlo Pronowski a fictional scientist created by the band.
 American Whip is the second album by the New York dream pop duo Joy Zipper released in 2003.
 Liz and Lisa – Days Were Different is an album by Elizabeth Mitchell and Lisa Loeb released in 1990.
 A remix service is a service (company or organization) that provides remixed music to disc jockeys.
 Songbird is the debut studio album from New Zealand classical crossover artist Tayla Alexander. Songbird was released in New Zealand in November 2012 and is available in both CD and digital download formats. Songbird saw Alexander become the youngest artist to appear on the New Zealand music charts.
 Lee Morgan Sextet (also known as Lee Morgan Volume 2: Sextet) is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label in 1957. It was recorded on December 2 1956 and features performances by Morgan Hank Mobley Kenny Rodgers Horace Silver Paul Chambers and Charlie Persip. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow calls the album An above-average hard bop set.
 Numbers is concept album by singer/songwriter Cat Stevens released in November 1975. Subtitled A Pythagorean Theory Tale it is a concept album based on a fictional planet in a far-off galaxy named Polygor and the Polygons who inhabit its palace.
 Circle of Love is the eleventh album by American rock band The Steve Miller Band released in 1981. Side 2 of the original LP was taken up by one track Macho City. Macho City was also included on the Joey Negro's compilation album Disco Not Disco. The album has been certified Gold in the United States.[citation needed]
 Don McLean is an album by American singer-songwriter Don McLean released in 1972 peaking at number 23 on the Billboard 200 chart. It was reissued by BGO Records in 1996. Photo on the cover of the album was taken overlooking the Village of Cold Spring NY.
 Love Love Love is the first album by South Korean singer Roy Kim. It was released on June 25 2013.
 Tubular Bells II The Performance Live at Edinburgh Castle is a live concert video by Mike Oldfield released in 1992.
 Nervous & Weird is an EP by Everclear released in 1993. It was the first official release by the band. In addition to the CD there was also a 7 release which featured the title track on side A and Electra Made Me Blind on side B.
 South Coast is an album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott released in 1998. It was his first new studio release in over 20 years.At the Grammy Awards of 1996 South Coast won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Album.
 EE Ticket is the first studio album by guitarist Marc Bonilla released in June 1991 through Reprise Records.
 The Craig Machine is a live album by comedian Stephen Lynch released on October 4 2005 on What Are Records?. The CD was recorded live at Symphony Space in New York City on May 9 and 16 2005. The Craig Machine debuted at #2 on Billboard Magazine's Comedy Charts.The title is lifted from a lyric from the fifth track on the album which is from the point of view of Jesus Christ's brother Craig.
 To the Yet Unknowing World is a limited-edition EP album by Josh Ritter and The Royal City Band released on February 8 2011.The EP features b-sides demos and remixes from the So Runs the World Away recording sessions. To the Yet Unknowing World was first made available on Ritter's official website and at his 2011 tour performances. The EP later went on sale at indie record stores and iTunes February 15 2011.
 Beltaine is the fourth album by goth rock band Inkubus Sukkubus originally released independently in 1990. It was released again in 1996 on the Resurrection label and again in 2003 on the Russian label CD-Maximum. It is named after the Celtic festival Beltane.
 This Is Normal is the third album by the Icelandic group Gus Gus. It was released in 1999 on 4AD Records.
 Don't Give Up is the first studio album from American alternative hip hop duo Serengeti & Polyphonic. It was released on Audio 8 Recordings in 2007.
 Saturate is the third demo release by Gojira (then Godzilla). All tracks except Saturate were re-released on their debut studio album Terra Incognita.The demo was recorded in 1998 and released for sale in 1999. It was entirely self-produced by Gojira. It contains some of the first demos of the band such as On The B.O.T.A. and Clone.
 Live June.03.01 is an album from The Agony Scene that was recorded live at The Other Side by Hank Charles of Valcour Sound.
 Town Hall Concert is a 1964 live album by jazz bassist and composer Charles Mingus. It was recorded in New York City on 4 April 1964. So Long Eric is a 12-bar blues that got its name after Eric Dolphy informed Mingus he would be leaving the band to stay in Europe before a concert in Oslo. Praying With Eric is more commonly known as Meditations On Integration.
 The Hits Collection is a collection of music videos released in 1993 to accompany the Prince's greatest hits collection The Hits/The B-Sides. Being a single VHS cassette/DVD the collection is only an hour long and excludes many tracks from the audio release. Many of his biggest hits like When Doves Cry Batdance and U Got the Look were left off the collection while the karaoke-style video for Sign o' the Times was included.
 RBG: Revolutionary but Gangsta is the second studio album by hip-hop duo dead prez. It was released March 30 2004 on Sony Records.RBG represents the traditional African colors of the UNIA[citation needed] red black and green which are featured on the album cover.On RBG: Revolutionary but Gangsta Dead Prez talks about ending poverty and depression and of pimping the system as a means to this end and to the cause of liberation.
 This article describes the 2nd album in the Canadian Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 2 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow! 2 is a music compilation album that was released in 1997. The album is the 2nd edition of the Canadian Now! series.
 We Rock is a compilation video album by the American heavy metal band Dio. It collects the out-of-print videos Live in Concert (1984) and A Special from the Spectrum (1984) which had been available on VHS and a Japanese issued Laserdisc minus a couple of songs.
 Gizmodgery is the fifth album by alternative pop/rock band Self released in 2000 by Spongebath Records. The LP with the exception of 9 Lives was recorded entirely with children's toy instruments.The album contains a cover of the Doobie Brothers' hit song What a Fool Believes and is also notable for being released in the short-lived HDCD format. The track Trunk Fulla Amps appears twice on the album the second version with the expletives removed.
 The Recommended Records Sampler is a sampler double album by various artists released by English independent record label Recommended Records on LP in 1982. It contains tracks by musicians and groups on the Recommended Records catalogue at the time.This sampler differed from the traditional record label sampler in that all the pieces here were newly recorded by the artists and at the time had never been released elsewhere.
 The Unissued Johnny Cash is a compilation album and 59th overall album by American country singer Johnny Cash released on Bear Family Records in 1978 (see 1978 in music). It is tailored to completist fans of Cash as it consists entirely of rare or unreleased material from Cash's early Columbia days. The first four tracks all recorded in August 1958 are outtakes from The Fabulous Johnny Cash and also appear on the CD re-release of that album.
 Buena Vista Social Club is a studio album by Cuban bandleader and musician Juan de Marcos González and American guitarist Ry Cooder with traditional Cuban musicians released on September 16 1997 on World Circuit Records. The album was produced by Cooder who travelled to Cuba to record sessions with the musicians many of whom were previously largely unknown outside Cuba. The musicians and the songs were later also featured in a documentary film of the same name.
 The Lark in the Morning is an album by Liam Clancy Tommy Makem family and friends.It has the distinction of being the first album-length recording of Irish music to be recorded in Ireland. It was recorded by Diane Hamilton and Catherine Wright on portable equipment between August and December 1955. It was issued on Tradition Records in 1956 as TLP 1004.
 Damnation/Salvation is the 2005 studio solo album of the American deathrock veteran musician Eva O released on the Dark Dimensions and Alice In... labels.
 Hymns is the sixth album from Christian R&B/Urban-Pop group Out of Eden. It was released in March 2005.
 Moxy Früvous is the first indie tape release from Canadian band Moxy Früvous. It was recorded in 2 days in 1992 in Toronto. It contains six songs five of which were re-recorded for their major-label debut Bargainville.
 The Seventh Date of Blashyrkh is black metal band Immortal's first live DVD. All content is from the Wacken Open Air set they performed in 2007 as part of their comeback tour The Seventh Date of Blashyrkh.
 Down Drury Lane to Memory Lane was the fourth hit album and first UK number one for German orchestra 101 Strings. The album was the twentieth record to make number one in the UK and the first double number one album. It spent five weeks at the top.The album consists of orchestral cover versions of both older and contemporary hits.
 Lists of Lights and Buoys is Norwegian group Susanna and the Magical Orchestra's debut released in 2004. It is mostly known for the duo's very personal interpretation of Dolly Parton's Jolene but also contains several tracks written by the band.
 Much in Common is an album by bassist Ray Brown and vibraphonist Milt Jackson recorded in 1964 and released on the Verve label.
 It All Comes Down to This is the first full-length album from the hardcore band Bane and deals with loss and unity within the hardcore scene. The album artwork tackled the subject of loss by reproducing photographs taken by journalists who had died in the Vietnam and Indochina wars.
 Look Inside is the first of two LPs released by the Asylum Choir a studio group consisting of session musicians Leon Russell and Marc Benno. It was issued by Smash Records in 1968 with catalogue number SRS 67107 (stereo edition).
 Kleenex/LiLiPUT (The Complete Recordings) is a compilation album by LiLiPUT formerly known as Kleenex.Kleenex was a Zürich Switzerland punk band. The group started out in 1978 and evolved through numerous personnel changes throughout the next five years touring with bands such as Spizzenergi The Raincoats and Gang of Four. Guitarist/bassist Marlene Marder and bassist/guitarist Klaudia Schifferle were the sole constants throughout the band's recording career.
 Total 13 is the second album by the Swedish Punk Rock band Backyard Babies. It was released in 1998 and produced by Thomas Skogsberg.
 More Parts per Million is The Thermals' debut album. The album was released in 2003 on Sub Pop Records. Only $60 was spent on the recording and therefore the record has a very lo-fi aesthetic not present on their later recordings.
 Sexual XXXXX! is the second studio album by the Japanese rock band Buck-Tick. It was the group's major label debut and was released on vinyl cassette and CD on November 21 1987 through on Victor Entertainment. The album was digitally remastered and re-released on September 19 2002 with a different cover. Sexual XXXXX! was remastered and re-released again on September 5 2007.
 Unfinished Business is the second album of the band Johnny Crash. It was recorded circa 1990 but was not released until 2008 due to their record label dropping the band before releasing the album.
 Three Chords and a Half Truth is the eighth studio album by American punk rock band Face to Face released on April 09 2013 through Trevor Keith's Antagonist Records under exclusive license to Rise Records their first album for Rise.The album's first single Right As Rain was released on March 05 2013. The single marked a change in style for Face To Face a departure from their fast punk rock sound into a more mid-tempo layered classic punk sound.
 Brass Knuckles is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Nelly released on September 16 2008. The album cover was voted the 'Sexiest Album Cover Women Play Themselves To' in the Playboy Bunnies Convention in 2009.
 Modern Apprentice is the final album released by Ikara Colt before their eventual break-up in January 2005. The album was recorded with Tracy Bellaries playing most of the bass parts despite the fact she had not been in the band for most of the writing process but had only joined after the departure of Jon Ball. As such a number of tracks credit both members due to Ball having written (or played) the bass lines in full or part.
 Good Vibes is the debut album by the Oakland California group The Natural Four. Released in 1970 on ABC Records this would be their only release with the label before moving on to Curtis Mayfield's Curtom Records imprint.[citation needed]
 Charlie Hunter Trio is a 1993 (see 1993 in music) album by jazz musician Charlie Hunter. This self-titled debut album was recorded on Les Claypool's Prawn Song record label.
 Anthology: 1999–2013 is the second compilation album by American metalcore band Underoath. It was released on November 6 2012 via Solid State Records. The announcement of the album coincided with the band's announcement of its intention to embark on a farewell tour in 2013 and disband. Anthology: 1999–2013 features 17 songs from all seven of Underoath's studio albums presented in reverse chronological order including two new songs Sunburnt and Unsound.
 Ledbetter Heights is the debut album by American blues solo artist Kenny Wayne Shepherd. He was a mere 18 years old during its release on September 19 1995. The album's name refers to a neighborhood in Shepherd's home town of Shreveport Louisiana. It also featured lead singer Corey Sterling on vocals. Ledbetter Heights was an immediate hit selling over 500000 copies by early 1996. It was certified Gold by the RIAA in 1996 and certified Platinum by 2004.
 The Great Summit: The Master Takes is a 2001 Blue Note album by Duke Ellington and Louis Armstrong.It's a reissue of the two Roulette albums Together For The First Time (track 1–10) and The Great Reunion (track 11–17) from 1961.
 The Scars of Ages is an EP from Through the Eyes of the Dead.
 Flashback is the third album by pianist Don Friedman which was recorded in 1963 and released on the Riverside label.
 Sarah Vaughan with Clifford Brown also known as Sarah Vaughan is a 1954 jazz album featuring Grammy Award winning singer Sarah Vaughan and influential trumpeter Clifford Brown released on the EmArcy label. It was the only collaboration between the pair and though originally eponymous was re-issued under a new title to emphasize the appearance of the popular trumpeter. Well received though not without some criticism the album was Vaughan's own favorite among her works through 1980.
 David Live is David Bowie’s first official live album originally released by RCA Records in 1974. The album is recorded on the initial leg of Bowie's US Diamond Dogs Tour in July of that year (the second leg a more soul-oriented affair following recording sessions for the bulk of Young Americans would be renamed 'Philly Dogs').The album catches Bowie in transition from the Ziggy Stardust/Aladdin Sane glam-rock era of his career to the 'plastic soul' of Young Americans.
 Bend is the third studio album from the American Hard rock band 8stops7 and the follow up to their previous and most successful release In Moderation.
 Aviator (2007) is an aggrotech album by Funker Vogt released on May 22 2007.
 Escunta is the fifth album by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts. It was created and recorded in January 2001 at Total Bastard Studio. This release is different from most of the other Fuck the Facts releases because it is more focused on an experimental noise sound. In that sense it is following the type of sound found on Vagina Dancer.When this was recorded Fuck the Facts was still a solo project by Topon Das.
 Rage Khab (pronounced [ɾæɡe xɒːb]) is the second official studio album by Iranian singer-songwriter Mohsen Yeganeh.
 Underground is the fifth solo album by English rock singer Graham Bonnet originally released in 1997. Underground reunites Bonnet with guitarist Danny Johnson who previously performed with Bonnet in Alcatrazz. Lost in Hollywood is a re-recording of a song Bonnet recorded during his tenure with Rainbow.
 Dos Tiempos Bajo Un Mismo Tono is a rap album released by Puerto Rican singer Vico C.
 Dick's Picks Volume 8 is the eighth live album in the Dick's Picks series of releases by the Grateful Dead. It was recorded on May 2 1970 at Harpur College in Binghamton New York. It was released in mid-1997.The album contains the entire concert except for one song — Cold Rain and Snow which followed Good Lovin' and preceded It's a Man's Man's Man's World. The first two verses of St. Stephen are also missing. The first set of the concert was acoustic and was recorded in stereo.
 The Thoughts of Emerlist Davjack is the 1967 debut album by the English psychedelic rock and progressive rock group The Nice.
 I Can't Wait is a 1994 EP released by Yngwie J. Malmsteen only in Japan. It contains three studio tracks and two live tracks from the 1994 Budokan concert.The instrumental Power and Glory was made as a theme for Japanese pro wrestler and mixed martial artist Nobuhiko Takada.
 Zeiten ändern dich (German: [The] Times Change You) is the seventh solo album by German-Tunisian rapper Bushido and also the soundtrack of his movie Zeiten ändern dich. The lead single Alles wird gut was released on February 5 2010 and the second single Zeiten ändern dich on August 6 2010.
 The Flower Book is a compilation album by the French singer/songwriter Émilie Simon. Released only in the US and Canada this album takes from all her previous works and adds two new versions of songs “I Wanna Be Your Dog (Remix)” and “Desert (English Version) ”.
 Passion: Hymns Ancient and Modern
 Passionate Guitars is a reissue of Passion Guitars by Bucky Pizzarelli and John Pizzarelli.
 Elvis: A Legendary Performer Volume 1 is a greatest hits collection by Elvis Presley issued in 1974 by RCA Records. It features 14 tracks which includes twelve songs and two interviews with Presley. It was certified Gold on January 8 1975 and Platinum and 2x Platinum on July 15 1999 by the RIAA. The album opens with his first recording from 1954 That's All Right the song that started his recording career at Sun Records.
 Kaķis is the seventh album by Latvian band Dzeltenie Pastnieki released in 2003. It was their first album of new material in 16 years and the first release of any kind in 8 years.
 Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness is the third album by American alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins released October 24 1995 on Virgin Records. Produced by frontman Billy Corgan with Flood and Alan Moulder the 28-track album was released as a two-disc CD and triple LP.
 Around the World is the fourteenth studio album of German band Bad Boys Blue. It was released on August 4 2003 by Koch Universal. There was also one single released for this record Lover on the Line. John McInerney performed all the songs.The group became a duo again and left Coconut Records. This album is the last one where John McInerney and Andrew Thomas perform together.
 Beneath the Twilight (also known as Ta'n Dooid Cheet its Manx title) is the 1994 first CD album by Emma Christian a singer and musician who is a rare exponent of folk songs in the Manx language. The album was recorded at R. G. Jones in July 1994 produced by Steve Coren and engineered by Ben Robbins.
 The Happiest Girl in the Whole U.S.A. is the debut studio album by American country artist Donna Fargo. The album was released in May 1972 on Dot Records and was produced by Fargo's husband and manager Stan Silver. The album's title track became Fargo's first major hit and a crossover Country pop hit reaching #1 on the Billboard country chart and the Top 20 on the Billboard Hot 100. The second single entitled Funny Face had similar success the same year. The Happiest Girl in the Whole U.S.A.
 Ultra. Dance 10 is a mixed rhythmic dance compilation album from Ultra Records as part of the Ultra Dance series. It was released on January 6 2009 and mixed by Jason Nevins.
 Haddaway (also known as The Album in Europe and What Is Love in Japan) is the debut from pop/eurodance/house artist Haddaway which includes his hit singles What Is Love and Life. It was released in 1993 on Arista Records. The lead single What Is Love is certified gold by the RIAA for sales of over 500000 copies. In 2011 the album was released onto iTunes by Razor & Tie.
 Saravah! is Yukihiro Takahashi's first solo album. It's named after Pierre Barouh's record label of the same name. Takahashi conceived the album during his tenure on The Sadistics; he based his music on French pop music this influence would later show up on early Yellow Magic Orchestra material. Besides Takahashi this album features performances by members of The Sadistics YMO and Tin Pan Alley.
 Gratitude is Gratitude's first and only album. It was released on March 8 2005 on Atlantic Records.
 Evening Falls is an album by Norwegian guitarist and composer Jacob Young released on the ECM label in 2004.
 A Flock of Bleeps is the debut album by the music group Younger Brother. It is a collaborative psybient/psychill project between English psytrance producers Simon Posford (Hallucinogen Shpongle) and Benji Vaughan (Prometheus).
 Pop is the debut studio album from British pop duo and 2007 The X Factor finalists Same Difference. The album was released on December 1 2008 by Syco Records. The album debuted at number 22 on the UK Album Chart on first week sales of 31064.
 Cinema is the fifth studio album of eclectic Melbourne-based band The Cat Empire. It was released in Australia on 25 June 2010 by EMI.
 A Very Special Season (also known as A Very Special Season: 14 Songs for Christmas) is a holiday album released by American pop singer Diana Ross in 1994.Produced by Nick Martinelli whom she worked with several times around the early nineties.
 Mind Control is the sixth studio album by Canibus released on June 21 2005 through Gladiator Music and Tommy Boy Records. The album was originally recorded in 2001 before C True Hollywood Stories and was released to complete a contractual agreement Canibus had with Gladiator Music. Mark Sparks produced the album which features guest appearances from Kurupt and Pakman.
 Gone to Earth is the third full-length solo album by David Sylvian released in 1986.
 Fidelity is the Enemy is a 2001 studio album by pop singer-songwriter Jim Boggia. A track from the album Several Thousand was featured in the ABC television show Men in Trees. The song was also recorded by American Idol contestant Constantine Maroulis for his debut album.
 The Magic Numbers is the self-titled debut album from The Magic Numbers. It was nominated for a Mercury Music Prize in 2005. Songwriting duties were taken by Romeo Stodart as was much of the musical composition and arrangement. It incorporated the earlier single release of Hymn for Her as a hidden track. The album incorporates many folk elements within the main indie sound which resounds throughout.
 Mikaila was the self-titled debut from pop singer Mikaila. The album was released in 2001 with Mikaila's hit song So In Love With Two.Mikaila biggest hit song So in Love with Two was released when Mikaila was fourteen years old. The song reached number 25 on the Billboard Hot 100 and went to number 29 on Billboard's Rhythmic Top 40 chart and number 27 on the Top 40 Mainstream chart. The album itself peaked at number 20 on the Top Heatseekers chart.
 Contact! Contact! is the debut studio album by English indie rock band Tellison initially released May 14 2007 on Gravity DIP Records. It was later re-released on November 12 2007 on Banquet Records.The album was recorded over a six-month period between Scotland and England with two producers Robin Sutherland and Nicolaas Weststeyn.
 A Break In The Weather is a compilation album released by Ginger (of The Wildhearts) that collects together all the tracks from the first five releases from the ill fated Singles Club of which there were originally going to be one single released each month for twelve months. The final three tracks are from the 6th single that was recorded but remained previously unreleased.
 Street Sounds Electro 4 is the fourth compilation album in a series released in 1984 on the StreetSounds label. The album was released on LP and cassette and contains seven electro music and old school hip hop tracks mixed by DJ Morris.
 Daddy Longlegs is a 2006 record by folk singer John Craigie. It is his third album and the second to feature backing band The Accidental Poets. It has many Craigie fan-favorites such as White Sands She Saves All Her Love for Me and the title track.
 Volumes 3 & 4 is the second compilation of Josh Homme's project The Desert Sessions. Volume 3: Set Coordinates for the White Dwarf!!! and Volume 4: Hard Walls and Little Trips were released separately on 10-inch vinyl and then compiled on CD with the extra track You Keep on Talkin'.
 Real Nighttime is the second full-length album from Game Theory a California power pop band fronted by guitarist and singer-songwriter Scott Miller. Released in 1985 this album was their first to be produced by Mitch Easter who remained as producer for all of the band's remaining albums.
 The Encore Remix is a remix album by Deion Sanders. The album was released in 2005 for Bungalo Records. It featured a remix for every song from Sander's first album Prime Time. The album featured the hit Straight To My Feet a duet with MC Hammer (which was not on the Prime Time album but on the 1994 Street Fighter soundtrack) and 2 versions of Sanders' song Must Be the Money.
 Bloodied but Unbowed is the debut album by the American band Desperado. Elektra records never released the album but it was heavily bootlegged on CD. It was officially released by Destroyer Records in 1996. Re-titled Ace it was re-issued in 2006 by Angel Air Records in the UK and Deadline Records in the U.S. with the song Heart of Saturday Night cut from the track listing. Argentina's Del Imaginario Discos also released the album in 2007.
 The Radio One Sessions is a compilation of BBC Radio One sessions recorded by Britpop group Elastica. The album is notable for the appearance of several songs not included on any other Elastica release.
 Naledi Ya Tsela (Sesotho for Guiding Star the title under which it is released internationally) is Vusi Mahlasela's sixth studio album. Songs on the album are sung in five languages: English Sepedi Sesotho isiZulu and seTswana. There also a number of guest singers including Dave Matthews and Ladysmith Black Mambazo and many other guest performers - whose contributions are not listed in the tracks only in the liner notes.The album deals with a number of topics.
 Taiteilijaelämää (Finnish for An Artist's Life) is the third solo album of Ismo Alanko released in 1995. Alanko later used the same title for his 2006 DVD Taiteilijaelämää vuosilta 1989-2006.
 Songs of Silence - Live in Tokyo is a live album by Finnish power metal band Sonata Arctica. Both Japanese and Korean versions have an exclusive cover art and one bonus track and their first edition had a bonus CD containing 3 tracks.
 The Future Is Unknown is the second album by Unknown Hinson. It was released in 2000 by the Uniphone Records and was re-issued in March 2004 by Capitol Records Nashville.
 Ayumi Hamasaki's Arena Tour 2006 A: (Miss)understood is a Japanese nation-wide tour which took place in early 2006.
 Turnstyles & Junkpiles is Pullman's debut album. Released on August 11 1998 by Thrill Jockey Turnstyles & Junkpiles was recorded live to analog 2-track with two AKG 451-EB microphone in the Cool Blue Cave by Bundy K. Brown in November 1997 with two exceptions: Two Parts Water and Beacon & Kent which were recorded at home by Curtis Harvey and Chris Brokaw respectively.
 Attack of the Wolf King is the fifth and final studio album from Haste the Day. The album was released on June 29 2010 through Solid State Records. A song from the album entitled Travesty was released on the band's MySpace on May 4. Lyrics for Travesty were released on May 21 2010 on the band's Facebook.
 The Voices Of Patti Page was a Patti Page LP album issued by Mercury Records as catalog number MG-20100.
 Yerself is Steam is the 1991 debut album by Mercury Rev. The title is a malapropism of the phrase Your self-esteem and is taken from a recurring lyric in the opening Chasing a Bee. Car Wash Hair was released as a single before the album.
 Cantigas numa Língua Antiga is an album by the Portuguese fado singer Amália Rodrigues. Recorded in 1977 and released by Columbia it was her first album of original material for three years. It was also released under the title Songs In an Ancient Tongue with the track titles translated into English.
 Film School is the second album by San Francisco-based indie rock band Film School released in 2006. In the UK the album came with the bonus track P.S. (which first appeared on the band's Alwaysnever EP in 2003). In the liner notes for the album lead singer Greg Bertens is listed as 'Krayg Burton.'
 The Redemption is the second studio album by American singer Brooke Hogan. The album was released on July 21 2009 under SoBe Entertainment and Fontana Records. Brooke collaborated with several artists for the album including Stack$ Colby O'Donis and Flo Rida. The album received more positive reviews than her debut but sold only approximately 15000 copies to date. A Mixtape was released on July 4 2009 en-titled Judgment Day to coincide with the release of The Redemption.
 Angel Station is an album released in 1979 by Manfred Mann's Earth Band. Angel Station features a six-note descending theme in most of the songs on the album woven into the context of each song in a different way. Hollywood Town and You Are I Am share a common tune and basic arrangement. They occupied almost identical positions on either side of the LP. The album has the air of an emotional and musical crossword puzzle or has affinities with the work of M. C.
 Blue Scholars is the self-titled debut release by Blue Scholars a Seattle-based hip-hop duo. It was originally only available in the Seattle area in 2004 before being given a national release in 2005.The 2004 release of the album contained tracks 2-11 (the original release had a different introduction track 1; it was called 'Solstice intro') and came in a jewel case with a cover resembling a spiral-bound notebook.
 Everfound is the eponymous first studio album by Christian rock brother band Everfound which was released on July 16 2013 and it was produced by Pete Kipley and Seth Mosley. The album garnered charting successes on the Billboard 200 at No. 195 and the Top Christian Albums chart at No. 9 and has received generally positive reception by music critics.
 Give Us Sugar is the 2-CD compilation album released in 2009 by the alternative rock band Black Lab. It is a collection of assorted rarities from throughout their career including non-LP B-sides and songs previously exclusive to movie soundtracks. It was intended to be released as a limited edition of only 250 sequentially numbered autographed copies but the number of pre-orders far surpassed that limit forcing the band to change the publishing and distribution approach.
 Stand is Avalon's ninth release and their sixth studio album. Originally titled The Other Side and slated to release in September 2005 Stand was actually released on January 24 2006. The album includes a remake of a Russ Taff song We Will Stand that features an additional bridge written by Taff his wife Tori and James Hollihan Jr. Stand marked the 10-year anniversary for the group.
 HoboSapiens is a studio album by John Cale his first album since 1996's Walking on Locusts. HoboSapiens was released by EMI in October 2003 and was preceded by the EP 5 Tracks in May 2003. A single was released for Things shortly after the album's release. Cale co-produced the album with Nick Franglen of Lemon Jelly and Brian Eno provided the drum loop for the song Bicycle. The album was met with widespread critical acclaim.
 The Fantastic Expedition of Dillard & Clark is a country rock album by Dillard & Clark. The album was recorded in 1968 shortly after Gene Clark departed The Byrds for the second time and Doug Dillard left The Dillards. The album is hailed by critics and musicians as a masterpiece of the country rock genre.
 Emoh is the first solo album from Lou Barlow the Sebadoh and Folk Implosion frontman. The album was released in 2005 and recorded at The Beech House Recording Megaplex (2004) in Wedgewood Sound Nashville Tennessee United States.Rolling Stone (No. 967 p. 84) gave the album 3 stars out of 5 and noted: [F]ull of quiet lyricism and Nick Drake beauty... Uncut (p.
 Basle 1969 (also released as Live on Tour Switzerland) is a big band jazz album recorded by the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra in Basle (Basel) Switzerland for a Swiss radio broadcast. It was not released until 1996 – as Volume 4 of TCB Music's Swiss Radio Days series.
 Big Eye Little Eye is the second studio album of the Canadian rock group The Golden Dogs. The album features its first single Never Meant Any Harm and follow-up single Construction Worker. Music videos were released for both songs.
 Contact Risk is the twelfth album released by DIY home recording pioneer and one-man band R. Stevie Moore.
 Natural Elements was the second major label release by Acoustic Alchemy from 1988.The shortest of all of the band's albums only comprising eight tracks Natural Elements set out to show what the title suggests: the organic side to Acoustic Alchemy's music.Points to note from this album include the title track Natural Elements which became the theme tune to long-running BBC gardening show Gardener's World and the re-recording of an early track Casino now re-arranged to include piano and full percussion parts.The track Ballad For Kay is dedicated to Nick Webb's wife Kay.
 Streetnoise is a 1969 album by Julie Driscoll Brian Auger and the Trinity originally released as a double LP.It includes cover versions of The Doors’ Light My Fire Nina Simone’s Take Me To The Water Laura Nyro’s Save The Country Miles Davis' All Blues Richie Havens' Indian Rope Man and Let The Sunshine In and I Got Life from the musical Hair.
 Going Back is Phil Collins's eighth studio album. It was released on 13 September 2010 in the United Kingdom and 28 September 2010 in the United States and features covers of 60s Motown & Soul standards. It also was his first full solo release in eight years Collins having primarily concentrated on soundtracks compilations and his extensive touring as a solo artist and with Genesis.Collins has previously recorded and performed covers of Motown songs in his career.
 Neal and Jack and Me is a live DVD by the British progressive rock band King Crimson released in 2004. It is a compilation of two vintage concerts of the band in the 1980s. Concretely The Noise: Frejus and Three of a Perfect Pair: Live in Japan both videos released in VHS with the 80s band formation.
 Soul is Heavy is the third album by singer Nneka. It was released on 18 March 2012 in the U.K. In a recent interview Nneka stated that the album is a bit more of a “band” sound this time around a mix of digital and organic music. Still very me though. It deals with issues that have to do with the day-to-day life of people: corruption false prophecies religion war conflict…
 The Rest Of The Dream is the 1990 album from The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band. The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band (aka The Dirt Band) is notable for having many charting albums and singles. This album went to 53 on the US Country charts. Two singles from the album were top 100. A cover of Bruce Springsteen's From Small Things (Big Things One Day Come) went to 65 and You Made Life Good Again went to 60.
 Kylie Minogue is the self-titled fifth studio album by Australian pop singer Kylie Minogue which was first released on 19 September 1994. The album was first released by Deconstruction Records/BMG throughout much of the world while in Australia and New Zealand the album was released by Mushroom. Plans for an American release by Imago Records (who issued lead single there) fell through and the release never took place.
 Dance Again... The Hits is the first greatest hits album of American entertainer Jennifer Lopez. It was released on July 17 2012 by Epic Records to coincide with the launch of her first world tour the Dance Again World Tour. Lopez previously conceived plans for a greatest hits album in 2009 but instead opted to use the material recorded for her seventh studio album Love? which was released by Island Records in May 2011 after her departure from Epic Records in 2010.
 Kinks-Size is the second US-only album by the English band The Kinks released in 1965. Differences in record company practice between the UK and US in the early 1960s such as the US tending to issue shorter LPs featuring less original material and the comparative unpopularity of EPs in the US all left US record companies with extra LPs worth of material (see also The Beatles and The Rolling Stones).
 Ultimate High is the debut album of Irish-born singer Carly Smithson released under her maiden name Carly Hennessy in 2001 by MCA Records. It failed to find an audience despite getting good reviews and MCA Records spending over $2 million on the production and promotion of the album and became a textbook example for the economics of today's music industry.The song Just Missed the Train was later covered by American Idol season 1 winner Kelly Clarkson in her debut album Thankful.
 People Like A Happy Ending is the debut album from Stillman a.k.a. singer-songwriter Chaz Craik. It won Best Album at the Glasswerk New Music Awards 2007.
 Nothing Is is a live album by American composer bandleader and keyboardist Sun Ra recorded in 1966 and released on the ESP-Disk label in 1970.
 Explicit Game is the second album by Oakland rapper Dru Down his first for Relativity Records and also his first make it to the billboard charts. It is essentially a re-release of his self-titled debut album featuring the same album art and track listing in a different order. Explicit Game did make it to 46 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and also made it to 31 on the Top Heatseekers chart.
 The Crucible of Man: Something Wicked Part 2 is the ninth studio album by American heavy metal band Iced Earth. Released in September 2008 it was the first Iced Earth album since 2001's Horror Show to feature singer Matt Barlow. The Crucible of Man is the second concept album based on guitarist-songwriter Jon Schaffer's Something Wicked Saga.
 The Remedy is Kurt Rosenwinkel's seventh album as a leader. It is a 2-disc album recorded live at the Village Vanguard in January 2006. All songs were written by Rosenwinkel except Myrons World which was written by Mark Turner. All of tracks feature the band stretching out and taking long solos. The track lengths vary from 11:37 to 19:13. This 2-disc album is the first release to appear on Kurt Rosenwinkel's own WOMMUSIC (Word of Mouth Music). It was originally distributed by Artistshare.
 Land of Light is an album by the Scottish traditional folk band The Tannahill Weavers which was released in 1986. The band is joined on several tracks (Bustles and Bonnets The American Stranger Conon Bridge Donald MacLean's Farewell to Oban and The Scottish Settler's Lament) by Scottish fiddler Dougie MacLean. The album was recorded at Castle Sound Studios The Old School. Midlothian Scotland.
 Mademoiselle Zhivago is an album by Lara Fabian. The whole set of songs composed by Fabian with Igor Krutoy is in English French Italian Spanish and also in Russian.
 Nineteen Ninety Now is a 2010 album from underground hip hop artist Celph Titled and Buckwild. The concept of the album came about as Celph Titled and the executive producer James DL Ellison of No Sleep Recording came up with the idea of making an album over nothing but unheard beats by Buckwild – one of Celph Titled's favorite producers of the 1990s.
 Deep Breakfast is Ray Lynch’s second album and was released in 1984. It was the first independently produced album to be certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (R.I.A.A.) and later was certified Platinum by the R.I.A.A. without the benefit of live performances or videos.
 Bark released in 1971 as Grunt FTR-1001 (the first album on that label) is one of the late-period albums by Jefferson Airplane notable for many firsts with its major personnel change. It was the first without band founder Marty Balin and the first with violinist Papa John Creach. Drummer Spencer Dryden had also departed being replaced by Joey Covington. This was the first all new Airplane LP in two years the previous being Volunteers released in 1969.
 Painting The Corners: The Best of Fastball is a compilation album released by the rock band Fastball. It was put together democratically by the band after they had parted ways with Hollywood Records.
 Reunited is an album from contemporary Christian southern gospel group Gaither Vocal Band. The album was released on September 8 2009. The album reunites Bill Gaither with singers David Phelps Wes Hampton Michael English and Mark Lowry.
 June One is the first album recorded by the Colorado-based power pop band Yellow Second.
 The BBC Recordings is a live album by English post-punk band The Sound consisting of two sessions and two live recordings from 1980 to 1985 done for the BBC. It was released in 2004 through Renascent Records.
 EP Part II is the ninth EP by the Canton Ohio indie rock band Lovedrug. It is the second EP of a three EP series titled +/-.
 Marriage on the Rocks/Rock Bottom is the fourth album by The Amboy Dukes released in 1970. It is the first of two albums released on the Polydor label. It peaked at #191. There were no accompanying singles released by the record company. There was no designated lead vocalist for this album as with all the previous Dukes albums. Keyboardist Solomon contributed most of the vocals. The original album contained a lyric sheet. The re-release on Polydor PD-1-6073 did not.
 Hang on to a Dream: The Verve Recordings is a compilation album by folk artist Tim Hardin released in 1994. It includes all Hardin's studio recordings for the Verve label as well as alternate takes unreleased tracks and demos.The songs include all tracks from the albums Tim Hardin 1 Tim Hardin 2 and Tim Hardin 4 (last track not included) the latter a release of demos done by Hardin for Columbia in 1964 which were ultimately rejected at that time.
 Is a mixtape released by Bone Thugs-N-Harmony's superproducer DJ U-Neek in 2010. The mixtape features cuts from Uni5: The World's Enemy.
 Six the Hard Way is an EP released by crossover thrash band Suicidal Tendencies on November 17 1998.The record features two live recordings and four new tracks. Two of the new tracks Freedumb and Cyco Vision went on to appear on their next album the following year.
 Out of the Vein is the third album by American alternative rock band Third Eye Blind. Released on May 13 2003 it would be the group's first album with guitarist Tony Fredianelli who replaced longtime guitarist Kevin Cadogan in 2000. Out of the Vein would also be the group's final album with Elektra Records.Out of the Vein was recorded at the group's own Mourning Wood Studios in downtown San Francisco and at Skywalker Sound.
 Lasse Stefanz på Svensktoppen was released in 1998 and is an album from Swedish dansband Lasse Stefanz. The songs on the album are Lasse Stefanz songs who were on Svensktoppen.
 Modern Works for Guitar is a 1993 album by classical guitarist Leon Koudelak.
 Song Yet to Be Sung is an album by Jane's Addiction vocalist Perry Farrell released on July 16 2001 on Virgin Records. The album features collaborations from Farrell's former bandmates Dave Navarro Stephen Perkins and Martyn LeNoble. It was originally titled The Diamond Jubilee. The title trackSong Yet to Be Sung was the official song for trailers of the series premiere of Smallville.
 The Wannadies is an album by Swedish band The Wannadies. It was released in 1997 as their first album for the US market seven years after their debut in Sweden. It is based on the band's fourth album Bagsy Me also released in 1997.
 Non so ballare is the third solo studio album of the Italian sing-songwriter Annalisa published on 14 February 2013 by label Warner Music Italy.
 Machine Age Voodoo is the third album by the band SPK.
 Fiebre de amor (Fever of love) is a soundtrack album from the Mexican film of the same title. It was released in 1985 on the EMI Capitol label. Mostly is performed by Luis Miguel with a few interventions from Lucerito his girlfriend on the motion picture. The soundtrack was also recorded in Italian.
 The London Howlin' Wolf Sessions is an album by blues musician Howlin' Wolf released in the summer of 1971 on Chess Records catalogue CH 60008 (Rolling Stones Records in Britain). It was one of the first of the super session blues albums setting a blues master among famous musicians from the second generation of rock and roll in this case Eric Clapton Steve Winwood Charlie Watts and Bill Wyman. It peaked at #79 on the Billboard 200.
 I'm a Rainbow is the ninth studio album (third double album) recorded by Donna Summer. Recorded in 1981 but shelved it would not be released until 1996. Also in 1996 it failed to chart anywhere. However Allmusic gave the album a positive review.This album is out of print.
 Gliding Bird is the debut studio album by American country music singer-songwriter Emmylou Harris released in 1969 on Jubilee Records (JGS-8031.) Her first name was shown as two words (Emmy Lou) on the jacket.Before she met mentor Gram Parsons and became a famous country singer Harris began singing folk music; yet Gliding Bird displays an eclecticism that is found in her later work.
 The Cookbook is the sixth studio album by American rapper Missy Elliott released by The Goldmind Inc. and Atlantic Records on July 5 2005 in the United States. The album is notable for the fact that Timbaland who produced the vast majority of material on Elliott's past albums only produced two tracks.Three singles were released from the album; the first Lose Control was released on May 27 2005 and peaked at number three on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and charted well internationally.
 Motorheads is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show which was first released in May 1992. It is a single disc CD which represents original material recorded during their daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.
 'Agnetha Fältskog De Första Åren 1967–1979' (Agnetha Fältskog the early years) is a box set by Swedish pop singer and ABBA member Agnetha Fältskog released in 2004 . It included all her official recordings except the TV specials recordings and her 16 recordings in German for which the master tapes are considered lost.
 Misia Remix 2003 Kiss in the Sky: Non Stop Mix is Misia's third remix album released on April 23 2003. It sold 31648 copies in its first week and peaked at #3. Disc one is mixed by DJ Ta-shi whilst the second disc is mixed by DJ Gomi.The album is certified Gold for shipment of 100000 copies.
 Curious Lore and Evil Legend is a video released by Japanese horror punk band Balzac.
 Il Demonio Nera (non-standard Italian for The Black Devil) is a DVD released by Glenn Danzig's band Danzig in 2005. The release is the follow up to Archive de la Morte from the previous year. The video for Until You Call on the Dark is notable as its filming marked original drummer Chuck Biscuits' final public appearance as a member of the band. The footage was shot at The Henry Fonda Theater in Hollywood CA after Danzig's role as special guest on Metallica's 1994 summer tour.
 The music for the MMORPG Final Fantasy XIV was composed by Nobuo Uematsu a regular contributor to the music of the Final Fantasy series. Several other composer contributed additions to the soundtrack during the game's lifespan including Masayoshi Soken and Naoshi Mizuta. The music for the game's reboot Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn was primarily composed by Soken who was the sound director for both versions of the game. Music from the game has been released in several albums.
 Missa Mercuria is a progressive metal project which involved members of the German bands Vanden Plas Pink Cream 69 and Silent Force. The album released by the project is a rock opera based on an idea and story by Karin Forstner and issued through Lion Music in 2002.
 Truth Rising is the eighth studio album by American Punk rock band Hed PE. The album was released on October 26 2010 to mixed reviews. Truth Rising debuted at #98 on the Billboard 200. The album also peaked #13 on the Top Independent albums charts.
 Hey Ricky is the title of the tenth album release by Melissa Manchester issued on Arista Records in April 1982.During the interim between the release of Hey Ricky and that of the precedent For the Working Girl in September 1980 Manchester had attempted to extricate herself from her recording contract filing suit in May 1981 for contractual release from Arista.
 Get Damned is the third and final studio album from the Metalcore band The Agony Scene which was released under Century Media Records on October 23 2007. The original release contained only 11 tracks. The cover art that is most commonly displayed is not the true cover to say; it is merely a cardboard slip-cover. The small inverted coffin (superimposed with a ↓/downward-facing arrow) is a cut-out window in the outer sleeve which exposes a portion of the art beneath it.
 Kingdom of Madness is the debut studio album by British melodic rock band Magnum.
 Ella at Duke's Place is a 1965 (see 1965 in music) studio album by Ella Fitzgerald accompanied by the Duke Ellington Orchestra. While it was the second (and last) studio album made by Fitzgerald and Ellington following the 1957 Song book recording a live double album Ella and Duke at the Cote D'Azur was recorded in 1967.
 The Wonderful World of Antonio Carlos Jobim (#57 US albums 1965) is the second album by Antonio Carlos Jobim arranged by Nelson Riddle. It was released in 1965.
 Spring Rain is an album by Zambian born Canadian composer Hennie Bekker. The album is the first release in Bekker's Kaleidoscopes series of four albums including Summer Breeze Spring Rain Autumn Magic and Winter Reflections. Spring Rain is a New Age classic of original contemporary instrumental compositions. The album was released in April 1992 and originally distributed by the now defunct Canadian independent distributor Holborne Distributing Co..
 There and Back Again was the first album by Vertical Horizon released independently in 1992 and later re-released in 1999 by RCA Records. At the time the band consisted solely of Matthew Scannell and Keith Kane who together did all the writing singing and producing for the album as well as playing all instruments used (mostly acoustic guitar with little percussion and bass).
 At Play is a compilation album from the progressive house artist deadmau5. The album consists of several deadmau5 tracks from his earlier releases as well as collaborations with Melleefresh. The tracks are suitable for DJs to play and mix.
 Evidence of Inequity is an EP by Canadian deathcore band Beneath the Massacre. It was released on May 31 2005 through Galy Records. This EP was recorded and mixed at Victor Studio by Yannick St-Amand and mastered by Alan Douches at West West Side Studio in 2005. The lyrics of the album deal with subjects such as politics and social inequality.
 Duh the Big City is the third album by Hammerhead released on February 27 1996 through Amphetamine Reptile Records.
 The Best of the Alan Parsons Project Vol. 2 is a 1988 greatest hits compilation by The Alan Parsons Project. All tracks written by Alan Parsons and Eric Woolfson.
 Yesterday & Today is the sixth studio album by Japanese band Tokio. It was released on February 2 2000. It was the last album by Tokio to be released under Sony Music Entertainment. The album reached ninth place on the Oricon weekly chart and charted for three weeks.
 Tropic Thunder: Original Motion Picture Score was released on August 5 2008 by Lakeshore Records. The score was composed by Theodore Shapiro and performed by the Hollywood Studio Symphony.
 Look Left is album by American banjoist Alison Brown released in 1994.
 Buckles and Boots is the second studio album by Canadian country-rock artist Ridley Bent. The album was released on November 27 2007 by Open Road Recordings. Its first single Heartland Heartbreak reached the Top 30 on the Canadian Country Singles chart.
 Hot Girls Bad Boys is the debut studio album by German band Bad Boys Blue released on August 28 1985 by Coconut Records. The album includes two international songs You're a Woman and Pretty Young Girl. The record also released three singles. The debut single L.O.V.E. in My Car failed to make an impression in the pop charts but the follow-up You're a Woman was a success reaching the top 10 in many European countries and peaking at No. 1 in Israel.
 Gemini Suite Live is a recording of Jon Lord's classical/rock piece Gemini Suite featuring the original Mark II band lineup of Deep Purple recorded live during this one and only live performance in 1970. A follow up to their Concerto Project it featured five movements for the individual members of the band including a guitar piece from Blackmore.
 The Human Technology EP is an extended play released by trance DJ BT in 2005 under the Human Imprint label. It contains two remixes of two different songs from BT's fourth studio album Emotional Technology. The two songs remixed were Knowledge of Self a track featuring the Gang Starr rapper Guru and The Great Escape a track featuring Caroline Lavelle with remixes by Evol Intent and Alliance respectively. It is BT's fifth EP and most recent to date.
 A Strange Thing to Say (also released as A Strange Thing 2 Say) is the third EP by Sopor Aeternus & the Ensemble of Shadows and is the first part of the trilogy A Triptychon of GHOSTS (or: El Sexorcismo de Anna-Varney Cantodea) which includes album Have You Seen This Ghost? and EP Children of the Corn. This is the first Sopor release since 2003's Es reiten die Toten so Schnell to not be produced by John A. Rivers.
 Ronnie Foster Live: Cookin' with Blue Note at Montreux is a live album by American jazz organist Ronnie Foster recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1973 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Down the Way is the second full-length album by Australian singer-songwriter duo Angus & Julia Stone. It was released in 2010 on 12 March in Australia through EMI Music Australia 15 March in the United Kingdom & Europe through Flock/PIAS 30 March in the U.S. and Canada through Nettwerk and 6 April in France through Discograph.
 Travels in Constants Vol. 20 is Matthew Cooper's contribution to the mail order only Travels in Constants series from label Temporary Residence Limited. Other artists in the series include By Water Bonnevill Tarentel Drona Parva Papa M Sonna Bonnie 'Prince' Billy Paul Newman Low Cerberus Shoal Rumah Sakit Mogwai Appendix Out Songs:Ohia Sybarite At Right Angles Kilowatthours Colophon The Drift and Explosions in the Sky.
 Greetings from Imrie House is the debut of The Click Five. It was released on August 16 2005 and reached #15 on the U.S. Billboard 200. It contains singles Just the Girl Catch Your Wave and Say Goodnight and an iTunes single Pop Princess.
 A Whole New Thing is the debut album of funk/soul band Sly and the Family Stone released in 1967 on Epic/CBS Records. The album was released to mixed criticism and failed to make an impact from a commercial standpoint and did not chart. CBS Records executive Clive Davis prevailed upon band leader Sly Stone to create a more commercial album; the result was the album Dance to the Music.
 Two Horizons is the fifth solo album by Irish singer Moya Brennan. It is her first full-length release under the name Moya Brennan as opposed to Máire Brennan. The album was predominantly recorded in her home studio in Dublin and was nominated for a Grammy award. The album was recorded between 2002–2003 and first became available on 23 October 2003. It is also Brennan's first non-Christian album since her 1993 recording Misty Eyed Adventures.
 The Rough Guide to the Music of Indonesia is a world music compilation album originally released in 2000. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the release covers a broad swathe of the music of Indonesia both traditional and modern. The compilation was produced by Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network. Paul Fisher compiled the tracks and wrote the liner notes and Duncan Baker coordinated the project.
 Crisis Works is the debut LP from Young Legionnaire. The album was released on 9 May 2011 on Wichita Records. The album was produced by Rich Jackson who has worked with Future Of The Left and The Automatic.
 The Prosthetic Cubans is a studio album recorded in New York City by Marc Ribot with Los Cubanos Postizos and features compositions by Arsenio Rodríguez. It was the first album by The Prosthetic Cubans and was followed by Muy Divertido! in 2000.
 Live! is the second live album (seventh total album) released by singer/songwriter Jonathan Edwards. It was recorded in September 1980 and released later that year.
 Seven Separate Fools is the eighth album by American rock band Three Dog Night released in 1972.
 The Girl Who Ate Herself is the debut album by the American-born singer-songwriter Betsy Cook. It was released in 1992 by EastWest Records.
 Turnpike Diaries is the second album by the Norwegian band The Getaway People. It was originally scheduled to be released in June 2000 but ultimately was not released until July 18 of the same year. The album's first song Six Pacs was used as the theme song for the TV series Young Americans.
 Everything Goes Numb is the debut album by American ska punk band Streetlight Manifesto released on August 26 2003. It garnered critical acclaim with critics commenting on the quality of the band's lyrics and their powerful energy. The album has since acquired a cult following among fans of the Third Wave Ska movement. This is the first full-length album frontman and vocalist Tomas Kalnoky participated in since leaving the ska-punk band Catch 22.
 The Most Popular Guitar is a recording by guitarist Chet Atkins released in 1961. It is an example of his highly orchestrated smooth sound with lush strings and vocal choruses. While it did not top the chart action of his previous release Chet Atkins' Workshop it spent ten weeks on the Billboard LP chart.
 Sleepers is the solo album from Big Pooh of North Carolina's Little Brother. It followed on the heels of bandmate Phonte's album with The Foreign Exchange Connected(2004). The album features contributions and guest spots from Phonte Nicolay 9th Wonder and Los Angeles-based rapper Murs. It begins with an audio clip from film director Spike Lee's 1988 film School Daze.On July 3 2012 Rapper Big Pooh released Sleepers: The Narcoleptic Outtakes on his label For Members Only.
 Rock 'n Roll Children is the second album by Finnish band Sturm und Drang.The album was released 12 November 2008 in Finland and 16 January 2009 in other parts of Europe. Rock 'n Roll Children went straight to number two on the Finnish sales chart and it also sold gold (15.000 records) within one week in Finland. The album was produced by Jimmy Westerlund and co-produced by André Linman Patrick Linman Mats Persson Erik Mårtensson and Johan Becker.
 Life (is So Strange) is an album by War released on RCA Victor Records in 1983. It marked the end of a continuous string of albums by the group from 1970 and they would not record another album until a decade later. The band's lineup is not stated on the cover but composer credits suggest they had been reduced from eight members (on the previous album) to five.The pop art cover references concerns about nuclear war in Los Angeles the group's home.
 Trane's Blues is a compact disc credited to the jazz musician John Coltrane released in 1999 on Blue Note Records catalogue 98240. It comprises recordings from sessions for Blue Note and United Artists Records as a sideman for Paul Chambers Sonny Clark Johnny Griffin and Cecil Taylor that were issued respectively on their Whims of Chambers Sonny's Crib A Blowin' Session and Hard Driving Jazz albums.
 Icon: Best of Vanessa Carlton is the first compilation album by American singer-songwriter and pianist Vanessa Carlton released on January 4 2011 by Universal Music Enterprises and is part of a series of similar Icon albums released by the label. The album includes all of Carlton's released singles as well as a handful of album tracks.
 Fallow is the debut album by The Weakerthans.It was released in 1997 on G7 Welcoming Committee Records in Canada and in 1999 on Sub City Records in the United States.The songs Letter of Resignation and Anchorless were originally written for Propagandhi the band which John K. Samson left to form the Weakerthans. Letter of Resignation appeared on the Propagandhi/F.Y.P.
 Her Greatest Hits: Songs of Long Ago is the first official compilation album by Carole King. It was released in 1978 and features twelve songs that had previously appeared on her six studio albums released between 1971 and 1976. The album was re-released on CD in 1999 with two additional tracks.
 An Ashtray Heart is a live album by Captain Beefheart and his Magic Band. Recorded in Toronto in 1981 it was released in 2011 after Beefheart's death in late 2010.
 Evergreen is a Christmas album by American banjoist Alison Brown released in 2008. Arranged in a jazzy style the album features fiddler/mandolinists Joe Craven and is often compared with similar Christmas album effort by Béla Fleck and the Flecktones Jingle All the Way.
 Resident Alien is the first album by the British glam rock band Spacehog. Released by Sire Records and Elektra Records on 24 October 1995 the album was certified gold on 29 July 1996 and included the hit single In the Meantime which reached the top of the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart in the US and remained there for four weeks. Most of Resident Alien's basic tracks were recorded live in a barn in Woodstock New York.
 Flash and the Pan was Flash and the Pan's 1979 debut album release. The album covers differed between the Australian release and UK release (shown below). The track And The Band Played On (Down Among the Dead Men) — about the sinking of the Titanic — was released as a UK single reaching No. 54 in September 1978. Hey St.
 In addition to the original soundtrack for The Prince of Egypt motion picture a pair of albums were released that featured music absent from the film. One of these was the inspirational soundtrack which was released on November 17 1998.This recording included performances by various CCM artists such as Trin-i-tee 5:7 Take 6 Jars of Clay and DC Talk.Mainstream acts featured on the album include Brian McKnight and Boyz II Men.
 Life's a Bitch and I'm Her Pimp is a hip hop album by artist mc chris released in 2001. This album was briefly available in a CD edition with a hidden bonus track of robotdog to sample the future release of Eating's Not Cheating. After a short period of time however the album was removed from the store at mcchris.com and was replaced with purchasable tray liners for those who wanted to burn and distribute the CD.
 Daydream Nation is the fifth studio album by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth. It was recorded between July and August 1988 at Greene St. Recording New York City and released in October 1988 through Enigma Records.Their first official double album and their last before signing to a major label Daydream Nation was a critical success that earned Sonic Youth substantial acclaim and a major label deal.
 Menace to Society is the second studio album by the heavy metal band Killers featuring former Iron Maiden singer Paul Di'Anno.
 Master Series is a greatest hits compilation by English girl group Bananarama. It was released in 1996 and contained a mixture of Bananarama singles and album tracks. It includes material from 1983-1993. First released in 1996 in continental Europe and Brazil it saw a re-release in 1998 in Germany and France with different artwork on both.
 Let's Get It: Thug Motivation 101 is the debut studio album by American rapper Young Jeezy. Four singles were released from the album: And Then What Soul Survivor Go Crazy and My Hood. The music videos for all songs have been put into rotation on BET VH1 and MTV. The version of Go Crazy most frequently heard is the remix featuring Jay-Z.The album was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America in late 2005.
 Daft is a compilation collecting Art of Noise LP Who's Afraid of the Art Of Noise? (with one track Snapshot appearing in a longer version than on the original UK LP but previously released on the Japanese version) along with portions of the Into Battle with the Art of Noise EP and Moments in Love remix single. It gives a fairly thorough overview of the Trevor Horn period of the group prior to its split from the ZTT label.
 Danko Jones is the self-titled 1998 debut EP by Canadian rock band Danko Jones. It was released on Sonic Unyon Records.
 A Constant Sea is the debut album by American psychedelic/alternative rock band Heliotropes. It was released 18 June 2013 on Manimal Vinyl. The albums musical style ranges from alternative rock to a more melodic folk rock sound. The album follows on from various singles that they released and their tour with Esben and the Witch.
 Where Our Love Grows is the eighth studio album by the British pop-smooth jazz group Swing Out Sister. The album was released in 2004 and was produced by Paul Staveley O'Duffy.On this album group members Andy Connell and Corinne Drewery continued in their customary roles with Drewery on lead and backing vocals and Connell providing instruments including piano organ vibraphone Fender bass keyboards and synthesizers.
 The Progressive Blues Experiment is the first album by Johnny Winter. The Progressive Blues Experiment was originally issued on Austin's famous Sonobeat Records label in 1968. When Winter signed to Columbia Records the rights were sold to Imperial Records who reissued the album in 1969. Johnny plays here in trio with his late-sixties band. Several blues artists are covered including B.B.
 One World is the fourth album released by New Zealand rock band The Feelers. It was released on 13 November 2006 and debuted at number one. The first single from the album One World (catalogue number 5101170362) debuted at number 33 on the New Zealand singles chart. Other songs released as singles include On a High Nothing's More Real and Never Get Me Down.
 Life is the soundtrack to the 1999 film Life. It was released on March 16 1999 through Rock Land/Interscope Records and was almost entirely produced by R&B singer R. Kelly with Wyclef Jean and Jerry Duplessis producing four tracks on the album. The soundtrack was a huge success making it to No. 10 on the Billboard 200 and No. 2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. It spawned the hit single Fortunate by Maxwell which peaked at No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 The Real Macaw is a 1983 album by Graham Parker and was released on the Arista Records label.
 Return of the Ballin' is the second solo album by rap producer Mannie Fresh released October 27 2009. Two singles were released from the album Like a Boss and Drought which featured Rick Ross and Lil Jon.
 Andy Williams is a compilation album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released early in 1958 by Cadence Records. This first album to compile the singer's material features his first six songs to make the Billboard Hot 100 along with their corresponding B-sides.
 ...And Life Is Very Long is the debut album by The Acacia Strain released in 2002 (see 2002 in music). Before the release of this The Acacia Strain also put out a five-track demo which included a version of All She Wrote.
 You Just Gotta Love Christmas (2004) is the eighth solo album by music artist Peter Cetera his seventh since leaving the group Chicago and his first Christmas album. This album also is a bit of a family affair for Cetera as his youngest daughter Senna did some of the artwork for the album while his oldest daughter Claire performs with him on Blue Christmas and Winter Wonderland. Alison Krauss also performs with Cetera on Deck the Halls.
 Rufus is an album featuring saxophonists Archie Shepp and John Tchicai bassist Don Moore and drummer J. C. Moses. The album was released on the Fontana label in 1963. This group with the addition of trumpeter Don Cherry became known as the New York Contemporary Five and released Consequences for which this album appears to have been a pilot.
 Coming Home is the sixth studio album released by American country music group Lonestar released in 2005 on BNA Records. This album produced two singles for them on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts: You're Like Coming Home (#8) and I'll Die Tryin' (#43). Both of these songs were originally recorded by the Canadian country band Emerson Drive on their 2004 album What If?.
 Home Grown Studio Sessions is the third album by Flaw. It was independently produced and released by the band. Only 3000 hard produced copies of the CD were made making it limited edition.The recording took place at Shreddy Munster Studios in Louisville Kentucky. Due to the low quality production it has not received a warm reception among fans and critics.
 The Last is the fifth and final studio album by the Bachata group Aventura released on June 9 2009. In the Intro of this album Anthony Santos states that this could possibly be their last album; his prediction came true in July 2011 when the group publicly confirmed it was breaking up for good.The Last became the top selling Latin album of 2009. The Last spent 23 weeks at number one in the Latin Billboard chart.
 Trying to Fit the Ocean in a Cup is the first studio album from Contemporary Christian-Folk-Adult Contemporary-Pop rock recording artist Josh Wilson which the producers on the album are Matt Bronleewe Jeff Pardo and Steve Wilson and the album released on April 29 2008 by Sparrow Records. The album has seen chart and critical success.
 Crisscraft is a 1975 album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Criss originally released on the Muse label and later reissued on 32 Jazz.
 Love Stories is a 1998 greatest hits compilation album of love songs released by Swedish pop group ABBA. It consists of seventeen songs about half of which have been singles. The other half are album tracks taken from the albums Arrival The Album Super Trouper and The Visitors. It was promoted by SAT1 on German TV.Love Stories replaces two old collection of ABBA's love songs titled I Love ABBA and From ABBA With Love both released in 1984 and deleted several years later.
 The Road to Ruin is a 1970 album released by husband and wife John and Beverley Martyn. It was the second (and last) album released as a duo. Island persuaded John Martyn to resume his solo career as they believed that the public was more interested in John as a solo artist rather than as part of a duo.
 The World Inside is an album by Human Drama released by Triple X in 1992. The album landed three videos Look into a Strangers Eyes Fascination and Fear and My Skin onto Billboard's Top 40 Indie Video chart.
 Don't Suppose is the debut solo album by the English singer Limahl (formerly and currently lead singer with the British band Kajagoogoo) released in 1984 by EMI Records.Originally only released on vinyl album and cassette the album was not released on compact disc until 2012 on the Gold Legion label though several songs from the album had appeared on other albums.
 El Subliminoso is the third album by the alternative rock group dada and their final album for I.R.S. Records. In the United States the album was initially released in April of 1996. On July 13 2004 the album was reissued with bonus tracks by Blue Cave Records.
 The Colourist is the debut studio album from American indie pop band The Colourist. The album was released on March 25 2014.
 Rulin' the Earth was the second album released by German heavy metal band Steeler. It was released on Earth-shaker Records in 1985.
 Sweat is the twentieth studio album by the band Kool and the Gang released in 1989 following a three-year gap between albums. J.T. Taylor and Khalis Bayyan had departed and this album showed a refocused band.
 The Final Chapter is the sixth studio album by American rapper C-Bo released March 9 1999 on AWOL Records. It peaked at number 81 on the Billboard 200 and at number 20 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. The album was released after C-Bo had left AWOL Records and is composed of unreleased music C-Bo recorded while on the label. It was his last album of new material released on AWOL hence the title The Final Chapter.
 Sorted! The Best of Love and Rockets is a compilation album by English alternative rock band Love and Rockets. It was released on 3 June 2003.
 Passed Away Vol. 1 is a digital compilation by Dr. Dog. The album which was released March 4 2008 is a collection of songs from a variety of times and places found on old tapes and demos that the band wished to release. The songs are more lo-fi than the latter releases of Dr. Dog comparable to their early work. Dr. Dog's traditional style of frequent doo-wop melodies occur as well which becomes a highly noticeable characteristic for the album.
 Asleep in the Back is the debut album by British alternative rock band Elbow first released in May 2001. The title track Asleep in the Back was only included as a bonus track on later editions of the album after it had been released as a single and became the band's first Top 20 hit.
 Backfire: A Transwave Best Of (1994-1996) is a Transwave album released on January 12 2007.
 Razorlight is the self-titled second album by English indie rock band Razorlight. The album was released on 17 July 2006 in the United Kingdom and debuted at No. 1 in the UK Albums Chart a week later (see 2006 in British music).The band achieved their first No. 1 single from this album with America peaking at the top of the UK Singles Chart in October 2006. The song also peaked at No. 6 in Ireland No. 9 in the Netherlands No. 10 in New Zealand No. 17 in Austria No. 21 in Belgium No.
 A Little Love is the debut studio album by Hong Kong-based artist Fiona Fung under the label Sony Music.The album has two editions. The CD + DVD edition was released on 20 November 2008. It features three music videos and a video of Fiona's Tokyo trip. Another edition in Blu-spec CD format was subsequently released on 13 January 2010.The records were pressed in Japan to ensure perfect sound quality.
 Endings of a New Kind is the debut studio album by the Filipino indie rock band Taken by Cars released in 2008 on Party Bear Records. Four radio singles have been released from this album including 'A Weeknight Memoir (In High Definition)' 'Uh Oh' 'December 2 Chapter VII' 'Shapeshifter' and 'Neon Brights'.
 Laissez-nous respirer (Let us breathe) is the second studio album by French singer Ilona Mitrecey. The album was released in 2006. It contains 14 songs 2 of which are alternate versions of tracks from her first album.
 Heart is the second studio album from Contemporary Christian music artist Audrey Assad released on February 14 2012. The album features songwriting contributions from Matt Maher Derek Webb and Sandra McCracken. The first single from the album Sparrow was released on November 2 2011 and is based on the classic hymn His Eye is on the Sparrow.
 The Machinists of Joy is the eighth album by German Industrial/EBM band Die Krupps. The album was released on October 25 2013 in four formats: normal digipak CD limited 2CD digipak a fan box and as a limited LP/CD combo.The album is a tribute to the band's past. It harkens the Düsseldorf Punk scene before their first release Stahlwerksynfonie abandoning their attempts at metal.
 Funk Power 1970: A Brand New Thang is the third of several James Brown era overviews released by Polydor Records in the mid-1990s. It covers 1970.
 Oh Lord God of Vengeance Show Yourself! is a live album released by Red Sparowes in 2006 with the purpose of allowing the band to replace equipment which was stolen from their van while touring in Europe.The album title and liner notes make the feelings of the band very clear:Let this curse find those who have stolen from us like the wolf finds his prey.May death come to you on swift wings may your spoils turn into serpents and coil around your necks may the rest of your days be stricken with unending sickness may your children's bodies belong to the fire may every last one of you anguish in eternal pain crying aloud for mercy while we turn our heads away with a smile and a deaf ear.In payment for your treachery we will accept your thieving hands on our finest plates your sullen heads on our tallest flag poles and your worthless souls in our enveloping clutches. 
 The BBC Sessions 1971-1973 is a live album by English folk rock singer Sandy Denny released in 1997. It contains a selection of live concert tracks recorded at the Paris Theatre London on 16 March 1972 as well as live studio tracks recorded for the BBC.The CD was withdrawn on the day of release due to a legal dispute with Island Records but 3500 copies were already in the shops and were allowed to remain in circulation.
 I is the debut album of Norwegian singer-songwriter Kurt Nilsen.
 Country Hits Old and New is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb released in 1966 (see 1966 in music). It is out of print.
 Ricky Sings Again is the third rock and roll album by Ricky Nelson released in 1959. The Jordanaires provide vocal accompaniment.
 Jawbox was the fourth and final album by Jawbox. The album was released by TAG a subsidiary of Atlantic Records. In the months following the album's release the band was dropped from TAG and thus from Atlantic. Shortly following this the group disbanded coincidently on the same day that Soundgarden broke up.The album is much more commercial than its predecessor For Your Own Special Sweetheart.
 Naked is an album released only in Japan by Joan Jett and the Blackhearts. The album was released on April 27 2004.
 Agharta is a live double album by American jazz trumpeter and composer Miles Davis. It was recorded on the afternoon of February 1 1975 at one of two concerts Davis performed at the Osaka Festival Hall in Japan; the evening show produced his 1976 live album Pangaea.
 Tapestry Revisited: A Tribute to Carole King is a 1995 tribute album honoring American singer songwriter and pianist Carole King. It features a diverse lineup of artists including Amy Grant Celine Dion Rod Stewart Bee Gees and Aretha Franklin. The idea of this release was to re-create King's 1971 album Tapestry track-for-track using other artists.The album peaked at number 53 on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold in the United States.
 A Lesson in Crime is an EP by Tokyo Police Club released April 27 2006. It reached #194 on the Canadian album charts. The single Nature of the Experiment is featured as the opening to the Comedy Central's sketch comedy show Nick Swardson's Pretend Time.
 K-pop Selection was BoA's first Japanese compilation album. It was a collection of her Korean songs released in Japan (in the original Korean). It also had a Perfect Edition that came with several music videos.
 Chauffe à bloc is an EP by Canadian rock band Big Sugar released in 1999.In 1996 Big Sugar decided to record a French language version of the single Open Up Baby from the album Hemi-Vision for radio airplay in Quebec.
 The Champ is an album by Jimmy Smith. It was recorded in New York City in 1956 and is an early example of hard bop jazz. Smith performs alone on this album.The Champ was re-released to CD by EMI Music Group in 2005.
 Just To Feel Anything is the tenth studio album by Ohio-based trio Emeralds. It was released in November 2012 under Editions Mego.
 Roots to Branches is the 19th studio album by the British band Jethro Tull. It carries characteristics of Tull's classic 1970s art-rock and folk-rock roots alongside jazz and Arabic and Far Eastern influences. All songs were written by Ian Anderson and recorded at his home studio. This is the last Tull album to feature Dave Pegg on the bass and the first to feature keyboardist Andrew Giddings as an official band member although he had contributed to Catfish Rising (1991) on a sessional basis.
 Flight of I is an album by American jazz saxophonist David S. Ware recorded in 1991 and released by the Japanese DIW label and through a temporary licensing arrangement in the United States by Columbia Records. This is the last recording of the David S. Ware Quartet's original lineup with drummer Marc Edwards who would be replaced by Whit Dickey.
 Not Quite connected is a studio album by Josh Woodward released in 2007. It is described as a lighter poppier CD full of acoustic goodness. The album was released under a Creative Commons license.
 UAB SuperJazz Featuring Ellis Marsalis is a CD recorded in 2001 by the SuperJazz Big Band (formerly UAB SuperJazz) of Birmingham Alabama with guest piano soloist Ellis Marsalis. The recording produced by University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) faculty members Ray Reach and Henry Panion is a compilation of musical selections recorded in concert at the Alys Stephens Center on the campus of UAB. The album was mixed at the UAB Recording Studio.
 Hedgehog is a Melt-Banana 7 EP released in 1994 on Charnel Music.
 Promise Lands is the fourth album by English band Lowgold released in 2008 on Goldhawk Recordings. The album was recorded at The Dairy Brixton London and at Darren Ford's home studio co-produced by Ford and Dan Roe and mixed by Gareth Parton who has previously worked with The Go! Team. Burning Embers was released as a digital single.
 Longmont Potion Castle Volume 4 is the fourth album by the surreal prank call artist known only as Longmont Potion Castle. It was released in 2001 on cassette by DU Records. It was re-released later that year on CD by Post Replica records. That label later ceased operations and it was again re-released in 2007 on CD and cassette by DU Records. The Expanded Anniversary Edition (with bonus content) was released by DU Records in 2012. Tracks 35 through 45 of the album are recycled from Volume 1.
 Doomsday Machine is the sixth studio album by Swedish death metal band Arch Enemy produced by Rickard Bengtsson and mixed by Andy Sneap. It is the third album to feature the vocals of Angela Gossow. The album had some commercial success reaching number 87 on the Billboard 200 selling 12000 copies. Christopher Amott left the band shortly after recording the album in July 2005 but rejoined 2 years later for the songwriting sessions for Rise of the Tyrant.
 Volume Dois (Volume Two) is the ninth studio album released by the Brazilian rock band Titãs. Following the success of the last album Acústico MTV Volume Dois features unplugged arrangements of previously recorded Titãs' songs along with some new ones. Once again an orchestra was called to record the album. It is one of their most successful albums having more than 600000 copies sold to date.
 Nearly Human is a 1989 album by rock musician Todd Rundgren released by Warner Bros. Records. It was his first release in four years although he had been active as a producer in the intervening years. Many of the album's songs deal with loss self-doubt jealousy and spiritual recovery. It was also the first collaboration between Rundgren and Michele Gray a singer and ex-model who helped organize the sessions.
 Vulture Street is the fifth studio album by Australian alternative rock band Powderfinger released by Universal Music on 29 July 2003. Produced by Nick DiDia Vulture Street was certified platinum and spent 47 weeks on the ARIA Charts and peaked at #1.
 Juke-Box Alarm is Stereo Total's third album.
 The New Backwards is an album by Coil released in 2008. The album comprises material remixed and reworked from the Backwards demo which was submitted to Torso Records in 1993 and then further recorded at Trent Reznor's Nothing Studios in New Orleans Louisiana in the mid-1990s for a planned release on Reznor's Nothing Records imprint on major label Interscope Records.
 New Beginnings is an album by American jazz pianist Don Pullen recorded in 1988 for the Blue Note label.
 From the Valley to the Stars is the second official studio album by El Perro del Mar. The album was first released in Scandinavia on March 3 2008 in the US on April 22 2008 and in the UK on May 19 2008. The first single is How Did We Forget? released on February 13 2008.
 Les Contes du Singe Fou (roughly translated Tales of the Mad Monkey) is a progressive rock album by Clearlight released in 1976 on Isadora Records in France.Returning again to France Clearlight turned to conceptual space rock with science fiction lyrics. (The lyrics do not have anything to do with a mad monkey however.) Les Contes du Singe Fou is the only Clearlight album in which vocals and lyrics play a significant role.
 In the Land of Grey and Pink is an album by progressive rock band Caravan released in 1971.
 Kun valaistun (English: When I Become Enlightened) is the third studio album by Finnish pop singer-songwriter Chisu. It was released by Warner Music in Finland on 5 October 2011 and it debuted at number one on the Finnish Albums Chart.
 iTunes Festival: London 2010 is a live EP by American pop and rock band Scissor Sisters. The album was recorded at the iTunes Festival in July 2010 in London. It was later released to the iTunes Store on 15 July 2010.
 Half Life is a live effort released by the band 3. It contains both renditions from their debut album Paint by Number as well as unreleased tracks (some of which have since been featured on later studio albums). It was released in 2002 on Planet Noise Records.
 The Lost Notebooks of Hank Williams is a 2011 album which features various folk country and country rock artists who set music to lyrics by late country musician Hank Williams. The album was released on October 4 2011.
 Neverender: Children of the Fence Edition is a live CD/DVD box set by rock band Coheed and Cambria that was released on March 24 2009. It contains five DVDs and four CDs featuring live footage of the concert series Neverender and audio from each night. In addition a fifth disc features a documentary of the concert series. The band officially reported on their Myspace that the Children Of The Fence edition would be limited to 15000 copies worldwide.
 Admiral Fell Promises is the fourth studio album by American indie folk act Sun Kil Moon released on July 13 2010 on Caldo Verde Records. Despite being released under the Sun Kil Moon moniker the album features Mark Kozelek performing solo on acoustic nylon-string guitar.
 Outside the Dream Syndicate is a 1973 collaboration album by United States avant-garde filmmaker Tony Conrad and German krautrock group Faust. The album marks Conrad's first and only musical release for many years and remains his best known musical work. It is considered a classic of minimalist and drone music. Pitchfork Media exclaims for a moment in Outside the Dream Syndicate one forgets what exactly is moving and what is standing still.The original LP contained two 26-minute pieces.
 cê is an album by Brazilian singer songwriter and guitarist Caetano Veloso. Released on 1 September 2006 on Mercury Records the album took its title from the colloquial Portuguese word meaning you. It was written with Veloso's band in mind which was chosen in part by percussionist Pedro Sá. cê received mixed critical commentary; several critics specifically noted the album's lyrical focus on human sexuality.
 Work Done on Premises is the first album and first live album released by The Radiators (US).
 Pure is the first internationally published album by Christchurch New Zealand soprano Hayley Westenra. Her previous albums were released only in New Zealand and nearby Australia. This album also received professional consultation from the legendary Sir George Martin who helped to create its unique appeal. In 2004 it was the highest selling New Zealand Album and so it privileged Hayley with an award from the New Zealand Music Awards of 2004.
 Redefining Darkness is the eighth studio album by the Swedish black metal band Shining. It was released through Spinefarm Records on 29 October 2012.The album is dedicated to the memory of Trond Bråthen (a.k.a. Trondr Nefas).
 Live in Houston is the first live album published by comedian Louis C.K.. In contrast to later releases it was produced and published independently and sold primarily at shows and directly through the comedian's website. The album later became the subject of interest when controversy arose surrounding similar material on the later Dane Cook album Retaliation. Much of the material overlaps with C.K.'s Comedy Central Presents special recorded the same year.
 Beat Happening/Screaming Trees is an EP and a one-off collaboration between Beat Happening (from Olympia Washington) and Screaming Trees (from Ellensburg Washington). Originally released on Homestead Records in 1988 it was later reissued as part of Beat Happening's box set Crashing Through in 2002. The journal of Kurt Cobain contains a draft of a letter sent to Mark Lanegan in which he described Polly Pereguin as his favorite pop song of the 1980s.
 Danger is the fourth studio album by Nigerian recording artists P-Square released by Square Records on September 12 2009. The album produced five singles—I Love You Possibility E No Easy Danger and Gimme Dat. It features guest appearances by 2 Face Idibia and J.Martins.
 Troubles is a 2006 album by the UK-based ambient post-rock instrumental band Troubles. The album was originally sold at the band's first gigs but has since become available from their MySpace page.
 The Visitors is the eighth and final studio album by Swedish pop group ABBA released on 30 November 1981.With The Visitors ABBA took several steps away from the lighter pop music they had recorded previously and the album is often regarded as a more complex and mature effort. The opening track The Visitors with its ominous synthesizer sounds and the distinctive lead vocal by Frida announced a change in musical style.
 The Complete Limelight Sessions is a collection of songs recorded by singer Shania Twain before she signed a record deal with Mercury Nashville in 1993. It was released in North America on October 23 2001 following the massive success of Come on Over. It is the only official collection of Twain's early work however many bootleg albums were released around the same time. The album was promoted by remixes of It's Alright Twain's only song to chart on Billboards Hot Dance Club Play chart.
 Tattoos & Scars is the first album by country music duo Montgomery Gentry released in 1999 (see 1999 in country music) on Columbia Records Nashville. Certified platinum in the United States the album produced five singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts: Hillbilly Shoes Lonely and Gone Daddy Won't Sell the Farm Self Made Man and All Night Long. Lonely and Gone was the highest at #5.
 Numinosum is the 2008 full-length album by the band Ascension of the Watchers.
 Un-Led-Ed is the debut album by Dread Zeppelin. Released in 1990 the album received a public endorsement by Led Zeppelin vocalist Robert Plant who claimed he preferred Dread Zep's version of Your Time Is Gonna Come to Led Zeppelin's original.
 Feeling the Space is Yoko Ono's fourth album her last one on Apple Records and her last release of the 1970s. (A fifth album A Story would be recorded in 1974 but not released until 1997).
 Gil e Jorge is a 1975 album featuring collaboration between Brazilian musicians Jorge Ben and Gilberto Gil. The two perform together alongside percussionist Djalma Corrèa on each of the songs improvising and interacting directly throughout. The songs Morre o Burro Fica o Homem and Taj Mahal first appeared in different incarnations on Ben's 1972 album Ben.
 Ultra. Mix is a mixed dance music compilation album from Ultra Records as part of the Ultra. Mix series. It was released on September 23 2008 and mixed by Vic Latino. The name Ultra Mix was used from 1997 by Priority Records for the Ultra Mix (Priority Records series).
 Nuits intimes (Intimate Nights) is the fourth live album by French new wave band Indochine. It was released in 2001.
 Elk-Lake Serenade is the fourth album by Canadian singer-songwriter Hayden. It was released on 18 May 2004 in Canada (on Hayden's own record label Hardwood Records) and in the U.S.A. (on the Badman Recording Co.). It was released two months later in the U.K. on Loose Music and in Australia and New Zealand on Spunk Records.Elk Lake is a community in Northern Ontario.
 Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell's Greatest Hits is a 1970 compilation album released by Motown stars Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell on the Tamla label. A collection of the famed duo's recording material mostly penned and produced by the songwriting-producing team of Ashford & Simpson except for two tracks. The album was released shortly after the death of Terrell who died of a brain tumor at the age of 24.
 At Mount Zoomer the second full length LP from the Canadian indie rock band Wolf Parade was released on June 17 2008.
 Music is the fourth album and first album on J Records by hip hop artist Erick Sermon. It was received well critically and commercially.
 Attimo x attimo is the debut album from Italian singer Anna Tatangelo.The title track Attimo x attimo was originally written for Mia Martini but because of her death never got the chance to record it.
 Drain Cosmetics is the first enhanced single by Norwegian band Serena Maneesh.
 Steeler is the debut album released by German heavy metal band Steeler and was released in 1984.
 Electroploitation is an EP by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. Remixes are included on Music for Bondage Performance 2.
 Mile High is the 13th studio album by American rap-rock group Kottonmouth Kings. It was released on August 14th 2012 on the band's own Suburban Noize Records.
 Together We're Heavy is the second release from Dallas symphonic rock group The Polyphonic Spree. Produced by Eric Drew Feldman and released in Japan on June 30 2004 Europe on July 12 and North America on July 13. It includes the hit singles Hold Me Now and Two Thousand Places. The album was released by Hollywood Records and represents the band's first true album (their previous release The Beginning Stages of...
 Initiation is the sixth solo album by Todd Rundgren released in the summer of 1975. With this album Rundgren fully embraced the synthesized prog sound he had begun exploring in more depth in his work with his band Utopia. However unlike Utopia in which Rundgren had limited himself to playing guitar most of the synthesizers on Initiation were played/programed by Rundgren himself.
 The Dirty Rotten Power is a 2001 EP with three songs by the American crossover thrash band D.R.I. and two songs by Italian hardcore punk band Raw Power.
 L'esprit is the fourth album by In the Nursery released in 1990 through Wax Trax! Records.
 The No Music is the second studio album by American underground hip hop duo Themselves. It was released on Anticon in 2002. The album features Dax Pierson Alias Why? John Herndon of Tortoise among others.
 Welcome to the Wasteland is the debut album from Chicago sleaze rockers Bad City.
 They Will Have Their Way is a compilation album featuring covers by New Zealand & Australian artists of songs originally written and performed by brothers Tim & Neil Finn. A successor to the highly successful 2005 album She Will Have Her Way and 2010 album He Will Have His Way They Will Have Their Way includes tracks by both male and female artists mainly from the two previous releases. The album was released 28 October 2011.They Will Have Their Way debuted at No.
 Vision of Misery is the third full-length album by the thrash metal band Sadus released in 1992. Reissued by Displeased Records in 2007 with a bonus DVD.
 Shine Honesty is the first studio album by the band Quiet Company released on March 20 2006 by Northern Records of Los Angeles California. The album is a piano rock driven effort recorded in majority by frontman Taylor Muse.The Dallas Observer wrote of Shine Honesty: Quiet Company's somber and seductive piano-driven rock rekindles Harvest-era Neil Young similar to Band of Horses.
 From the Soul of Man is the second album of R&B singer Kenny Lattimore.
 Recovering the Wasted Years is the second solo album by former White Lion and Freak of Nature lead singer Mike Tramp released on 1 January 2002.The album marks a return to recording following a five-year hiatus since his first solo release Capricorn during which time Tramp parted with his former management and label and moved to Australia with the aim of raising his son away from the rigors of a big city and to plan his next career move.The album was recorded in Media Sound Studios in Copenhagen produced by Mike Tramp and mixed by Phil Kaffel. 
 Mujhe Ishq Hai is the music album produced by Pakistani pop singer Rabi Peerzada. This album was her second album it was released in 2006. It contained many tracks that were major hits and his videos were exceptional quality that made them even more popular.
 Lion On A Leash is the debut full length album by Ghanaian/Canadian musician Kae Sun.
 Moving is the debut album by the by Nigerian hip hop R&B /pop musical group Young Paperboyz released in 2010. The album contains Young Paperboyz's first worldwide hit single You Know; however the release of Moving propelled Young Paperboyz to sign a promo deal. The album performed well in stores.
 25 Years On is the eighth studio album by Hawkwind released in 1978. It released under the name Hawklords for legal reasons as there was a dispute over ownership of the name Hawkwind at the time. It reached No. 48 on the UK album charts. It was originally titled 25 Years On and the first 25000 were pressed as this until the band decided to simply call it Hawklords.
 Geh' mit Gott is a 1994 album in German by ex-ABBA member Agnetha Fältskog. It was released on the now-defunct label Royal Records and is a compilation of singles released in Germany between 1969 and 1972. It was quickly deleted and is now a collector's item amongst ABBA fans. It seems that the original master tapes for Agnetha's German recordings are nowhere to be found - accordingly the sound on this CD has been transferred from the original singles. Still the sound quality is very good.
 Songs of Scotland is a 1955 album by Jo Stafford. It was released on January 1 1955 on the Columbia label and features Stafford backed by the Paul Weston Orchestra. The lyrics are all taken from traditional Scottish poetry many from the work of Robert Burns with the music written by Alton Rinker.Stafford and Weston re-joined Capitol Records in 1961. The original Columbia Records issue of this album contained only six tracks.
 Mmhmm is the fourth full-length album by Pop Punk band Relient K released in November 2004. This album is especially notable for two reasons: First it marked their debut on Capitol; and second it was Brian Pittman's last album with the band. In addition to being released on Capitol and Gotee Mmhmm was re-released on vinyl on Mono Vs Stereo. The re-release includes a song originally from Apathetic EP called Apathetic Way to Be.
 Improvisations is an album of piano duets by the American jazz pianists Ran Blake and Jaki Byard recorded in 1981 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 World War III is the third album by rapper Mac. It was released on September 28 1999 through No Limit Records and was produced by wide range of producers including Mac himself Donald XL Robertson and Carlos Stephens. World War III was a significant drop on the Billboard charts from his last album Shell Shocked. HoweverWorld War III peaked at #19 on the Billboard 200 and #5 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Not Sokute is an EP containing five songs and the debut release by French indie singer-songwriter SoKo. It was released on April 11 2007.
 Wild Wild West is the soundtrack to the 1999 film Wild Wild West. It was released on June 15 1999 through Interscope Records and consisted mostly of hip hop music (none of which was in the movie with the exception of the Will Smith and Enrique Iglesias tracks played over the end credits).
 Far Away From The Sun is the debut album of the Swedish black/death metal band Sacramentum. It was released through Adipocere Records in 1996. The album features a cover artwork created by Kristian Wåhlin (aka Necrolord). The album is considered a timeless classic by many fans of Swedish black metal and some even consider it the best melodic black metal album of all time.
 Mental Notes is the fifth studio album by Bad Manners released in 1985 (see 1985 in music).
 Nowhere Sideshow Thin Air (Music for Dance Volume 6) is a studio album by English guitarist composer and improvisor Fred Frith and is the sixth of a series of Music for Dance albums he made.Nowhere Sideshow Thin Air consists of three commissions by three choreographers each sharing according to Frith a certain obsession with melodic deconstruction. Nowhere and Sideshow were written by Frith for violinist Carla Kihlstedt and are performed by Frith Kihlstedt and others.
 Dream II is the first EP by avant-garde/progressive/death metal band Pan.Thy.Monium released in 1991 (1991 in music).
 Blow Up is an extended play by the Australian electro house group The Presets the band's first release. It was released on 17 November 2003. Silverchair's lead guitarist Daniel Johns guests on three tracks and co-wrote Cookie with The Presets' members Julian Hamilton and Kim Moyes. Hamilton and Moyes also produced mixed and engineered the album.
 Aluminum was the second album from NYC band Gods Child littered with damaged guitars distressed mellotron and raw vocals. Produced by Tim Palmer (who has worked with such acts as Pearl Jam Sponge and Mission UK) the album features a spaced-out aura solid musicianship and soaring sonics.[citation needed] Aluminum was critically acclaimed but singles “Female Elvis” and “This is the Real World?” only charted regionally.
 Tree: Music for Films and Forests is a 1999 live album by Jane Siberry.It presents a concert she recorded at New York City's famed Bottom Line jazz club in 1996. The concert predominantly presents songs that Siberry wrote which were in some way about trees and forests; however she also includes two songs that she wrote and recorded for movie soundtracks.
 Bringer of Plagues is the second album by Divine Heresy released in the United States on July 28 2009. It's their first album to feature new vocalist Travis Neal and the only one to feature bassist Joe Payne.On June 3 2009 two new songs from the album titled Undivine Prophecies and Facebreaker were posted on the band's MySpace page.It sold around 3000 copies in the United States in its first week of release to debut at position No. 148 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Converge / Napalm Death is a split EP by American hardcore band Converge and English grindcore band Napalm Death. The album was self-released on August 1 2012 and features artwork by Converge vocalist Jacob Bannon. It is available on 7 vinyl and as a digital download.Both bands contributed two new tracks to the EP.
 Hospital Music for the Aesthetics of Language was recorded at Portrait Studios in Lincoln Park New Jersey by Chris Badami who also engineered and produced the album. The album was mastered by Alan Douches.Originally self-released in 2003 Trophy Scars have sold thousands of copies of their first EP and second release. In early 2007 Hospital Music for the Aesthetics of Language was re-released on Reap What You Sew Records and became available online and at concerts.
 Rebellion is the début full-length studio album by Sri Lanka-based heavy metal band Tantrum. The album was released in 2012.
 The Dark Saga is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Iced Earth. Released on July 23 1996 it was the band's first album to feature drummer Mark Prator as well as the last with bassist Dave Abell.
 The Priests was the eponymous debut album by Catholic group The Priests. The album was a worldwide commercial success peaking in the top ten in many countries. It also holds the record for Fastest-selling UK debut for a classical act.
 Jacaranda is the fifth studio album by former Yes guitarist Trevor Rabin that was released on May 8 2012. The album contains Rabin's first new solo material since his 1989 Can't Look Away record. Rabin plays all of the instruments himself with the exception of drums for which he brought in noted jazz/rock drummer Vinnie Colaiuta longtime Rabin drummer and collaborator Lou Molino III and his son Ryan. Tal Wilkenfeld plays bass on track 3 and Liz Constantine is the vocalist on track 6.
 Tokyo Rose is a 1989 album by American musician Van Dyke Parks. The album concerns the intersection between Japanese and American cultures particularly as reflected in the competitive Trade War of the 1980s.
 The Chthonic Chronicles is the sixth studio album by English metal band Bal-Sagoth. The first in five years since 2001's Atlantis Ascendant it is rumoured to be their last album. This album was released in Europe on 10 March 2006 through Nuclear Blast and in the US on 16 May through Candlelight Records with a remastered digipak edition from Metal Mind Productions following in October 2011.
 Wishing is a compilation album by new wave band A Flock of Seagulls released in 1996.
 Da Sky's da Limit is the fourth album by Houston rapper Big Pokey.
 Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album of American rock band Blink-182. It was released on October 31 2005 by Geffen Records. The compilation was released alongside a DVD of the same name collecting the band's music videos. Greatest Hits was created by Geffen shortly after the band's February 2005 breakup termed an indefinite hiatus by the label. Tensions had risen in the group and guitarist Tom DeLonge desired to take time off.
 Cosmic Interception is Von LMO's second album released in 1994 on Variant Records.
 Guitarded is the second album by the San Francisco Bay Area pop punk band Limp released on February 23 1999. The album was critically described as by-the-numbers pop-punk by Andy Hinds. Despite the lack of critical acclaim the album gained popularity through heavy rotation on college radio giving it more airplay than any other Honest Don's album. As with the band's other albums it was produced by Ryan Greene.
 Cut the Cake is the third album released by Average White Band released in 1975. This album included the hit single Cut the Cake the title track which reached #10 on the Billboard pop singles chart.
 Anti-Crisis Girl is a compilation album by Ukrainian artist Svetlana Loboda. The album was released to promote her appearance at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009. Loboda participated on behalf of Ukraine with the song Be My Valentine! (Anti-Crisis Girl) which features on the album in both English and Russian (Парень Ты НиЧё! Paren Ti NiCHo)
 The Midnight Chase is the third album by Swedish hard rock band Crucified Barbara. It was first released in Japan and Europe in 2012.The album was recorded in the Music-A-Matic Studio in Göteborg Sweden. It was produced by Chips Kiesby and mixed by Henryk Lipp.
 Kings of Pop is the third and final album by the rock band Home Grown released in 2002 by Drive-Thru Records. It was the band's most successful release reaching #189 on the Billboard 200 chart. It was the band's first release with drummer Darren Reynolds and also their only release as a trio having lost their second guitarist in 2000. Shortly after its release however Dan Hammond joined the band as their new second guitarist.
 Wonderful is the fourth studio album by the Circle Jerks released in 1985.
 Only Deaf is Real is a live album by thrash metal band Toxic Holocaust. The release of this album was limited to 500 copies.
 Ray of Light is the seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna released on March 3 1998 by Maverick Records. After giving birth to her daughter Lourdes Madonna started working on the album with producers Babyface and Patrick Leonard. Following failed sessions with them Madonna pursued a new musical direction with English producer William Orbit.
 Vista is an album by American jazz saxophonist Marion Brown recorded in 1975 and released on the Impulse! label.
 Thanks for Asking is an alternative hip hop album by Apsci released on Quannum Projects on July 26 2005. The album includes songs from the groups Elefant Traks debut Get It Twisted plus newer tracks produced by frontman Ra LaMotta. Guest spots include appearances by Quannum labelmates Pigeon John and Vursatyl (of Lifesavas) as well as Def Jux rapper Mr. Lif.
 The Rise is the third studio album by Spanish DJ and producer DJ Sammy. The Rise is a trance album with chill out influences.
 Huckleberry Finn is a 2010 EP by Duke Special featuring songs composed by Kurt Weill with lyrics by Maxwell Anderson from an unfinished musical based on Mark Twain's novel Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. It was released both on its own and as part of a box set entitled The Stage A Book And The Silver Screen which also includes the albums Mother Courage and Her Children and The Silent World of Hector Mann.
 Daddy Yankee Mundial (English: Daddy Yankee Worldwide) (also known as Mundial) is the name of the fifth studio album and tenth overall by Puerto Rican rapper Daddy Yankee through El Cartel Records released on 27 April 2010.
 Legendary is a best of album by metalcore band Zao. It was released on December 17 2003 on Solid State/Tooth & Nail/EMI. It is the eighth album by the group. The last three songs are previously unreleased studio demos with Corey Darst on vocals.
 Raise the Pressure is Electronic's second album released in July 1996.
 The Deception of the Thrush: A Beginners' Guide to ProjeKcts was an album released by the band King Crimson in 1999. It contains tracks from the box set/live album The ProjeKcts.
 A Star for Bram is an album released by Robyn Hitchcock in 2000 comprising outtakes from his then recent Jewels for Sophia. It was issued on Hitchcock's own Editions PAF! label.
 Stone Temple Pilots is the sixth studio album by American rock band Stone Temple Pilots. The album was released worldwide from May 21 through May 27 2010 and is the band's first album since 2001's Shangri-La Dee Da. The album is the result of the band's reunion which occurred in April 2008 with their North American tour.
 Dreams is a 1999 album by Philip Bailey which was released on Heads Up International Records. Dreams featured guest appearances by artists such as Grover Washington Jr. George Duke Kirk Whalum and Gerald Albright and on the album Bailey covered Pat Metheny's Something to Remind You Bread''s Make It With You and Earth Wind & Fire's Sailaway which was featured on the band's 1980 album Faces.
 Burnin' is a reggae album by The Wailers released in 1973. The fourth album by Bob Marley Peter Tosh and Bunny Wailer (the last before Tosh and Bunny departed for solo careers and the band became known as Bob Marley & the Wailers) Burnin′ opens with a signature song the call to action Get Up Stand Up and includes a more confrontational and militant tone than previous records such as in another Marley standard turned into a #1 hit by Eric Clapton I Shot the Sheriff.
 W.A.R.P.E.D. is a 2005 album by Savatage guitarist Chris Caffery. It is a concept album with every song dedicated to a facet of war. The majority of the songs already appeared on the second disc of the US edition of Caffery's first album Faces.
 We Buy a Hammer for Daddy is the debut studio album by English experimental rock band Lemon Kittens. It was released in 1980 through record label United Diaries.
 Minotauri / Reverend Bizarre is a split EP by the bands Reverend Bizarre and Minotauri released in 2004 on Metal Coven Records.
 Rocks is a compilation album by the Canadian rock band Harem Scarem that was released in Japan in 2001. It features many well known rock songs that the band had released on their past albums as well as two previously unreleased songs.
 Virgin Killer is the fourth studio album by the German heavy metal band Scorpions. It was released in 1976 and was the first album of the band to attract attention outside Europe. The title is described as being a reference to time as the killer of innocence. The original cover featured a nude prepubescent girl which stirred controversy in the UK U.S. and elsewhere.
 It Had to Be You is a compilation album from Harry Connick Jr. released in Australia in 1991.The album is a blend of original studio recordings from of Connick's previous albums. The album has six tracks from When Harry Met Sally... (1989) four from We Are in Love (1990) one from Lofty's Roach Souffle (1990) and one from the soundtrack for The Godfather Part III (1990). It Had to Be You peaked at number 4 on the Australian charts.
 Casual Viewin' is a 2000 album by Canadian alternative rock band 54•40. The title refers to a lyric from the Genesis song Broadway Melody of 1974 which reads: Marshall McLuhan casual viewin' head buried in the sand. 54•40 commented in interviews at the time of the album's release that they were influenced by McLuhan's work when making the album and that they adopted the Genesis lyric as a result.
 Immortal is a greatest hits album by Japanese visual kei rock band D'espairsRay. The album is a collection of their songs spanning from 1999-2008. The album contains 15 remastered tracks including their singles Horizon and MaVERiCK. With the goal to make the best listening experience for the fans all the songs were chosen by the band personally.
 Return to Samoa is an unauthorized compilation album by punk band Angry Samoans released in 1990. It features some unreleased tracks.
 The Hit List is the third album by Saafir an American hip hop emcee. The Album has been praised by the hip-hop underground for Saafir's Intense Lyricism.
 Mosaic is Wang Chung's fourth album and third on Geffen Records. Released in 1986 Mosaic was commercially successful due to three singles: Everybody Have Fun Tonight (reached a high of #2 on the Billboard Hot 100) Let's Go! (#9 on the Hot 100) and Hypnotize Me (#36 on the Hot 100). Mosaic earned a Gold rating by the RIAA and hit #41 on the Billboard 200 album charts.
 In Order To Survive is an album by American jazz double bassist William Parker which was recorded live in 1993 and released on the Italian Black Saint label. After the album Parker groups have been known as In Order To Survive. The cover art was made by Jeff Schlanger a distinctive artist known for his MusicWitness paintings which are created during live performances.
 Tempo is an EP from the Turkish girl group Hepsi official EP who worked with Turkish Pop Queen Sezen Aksu. It was released in August 2006 by Pepsi.
 Close to a Miracle is the second solo album by Heather Small. It was released on 24 July 2006 and was preceded by the single for Radio On which featured remixes by Josh Harris.
 Penetrate the Satanic Citizen is a 1992 Leæther Strip album which together with Fit for Flogging bundles most of Leæther Strip's releases prior to Solitary Confinement.
 Once Bitten Twice Bitten; The Singles 1981 - 1995 is a greatest hits collection by New Zealand band The Exponents released in 1995 and now deleted. The album reached number one and spent 18 weeks on the New Zealand Album Chartseventually going five times platinum. The album featured two new recordings La La Lulu and Summer You Never Meant.
 The Temptin' Temptations is a 1965 album by The Temptations for the Gordy (Motown) label. The album includes several of the group's hits from 1965 and also includes a handful of singles that were not included on the Temptations' first 1965 album The Temptations Sing Smokey. Among these are the 1964 singles Girl (Why You Wanna Make Me Blue) and I'll Be in Trouble; and the 1965 singles Since I Lost My Baby and My Baby.
 It's Time Remixes is a remix EP consisting of remixes of American alternative rock band Imagine Dragons' song It's Time featuring remixes by Penguin Prison Kat Krazy JailBreaks and StunGun. The EP was released on August 7 2012 in the United States only.The EP was succeeded in the United States by two more remixes not included on the EP released as singles.
 Vampire Can Mating Oven is an EP released in 1987 by the alternative rock band Camper Van Beethoven. The EP includes satirical liner notes relating false stories behind the songs. A re-recorded version of Never Go Back was included the following year on the band's major label debut Our Beloved Revolutionary Sweetheart.
 90 Bisodol (Crimond) is the twelfth album by UK rock band Half Man Half Biscuit released in September 2011.The Bisodol in the title is a type of indigestion medication mentioned in the track Tommy Walsh's Eco House. Crimond is a village in northeast Scotland after which a hymn tune is named generally attributed to Jessie Seymour Irvine.
 The Hit Sounds of Simon and Garfunkel was a Cash-In Simon and Garfunkel album released in 1967 (see 1967 in music) by Pickwick Records. The label decided that it would capitalize on the duo's newfound fame by releasing this album consisting of ten tracks recorded from the late 1950s and early 1960s while the duo still called themselves Tom and Jerry. Simon and Garfunkel sued Pickwick because the company was presenting the music as recently recorded material.
 I Will Be There is the third studio album by Filipino R&B singer Kyla. The album was released in 2003 thru Poly East Records under EMI Philippines in CD and cassette format and digital. It is one of the albums released by EMI Philippines with copy-protecting compact discs.The carrier single is I Will be There written by actor-songwriter Ogie Alcasid.
 The 30th Anniversary Celebration is a live EP by the American heavy metal band Metallica. The EP was recorded live on December 9 and 10 2011 at Fillmore Theatre San Francisco California. Metallica celebrated its 30th anniversary by playing four shows at the Fillmore in San Francisco. The shows were exclusive only to Met Club members and tickets were only being charged at $6 (or 19.81 for all four nights).
 Martian Heartache is an album by American jazz French horn player and composer Tom Varner recorded in 1996 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 Oxidizer is an album by industrial rock band Chemlab.
 At the Doorway Again is the debut EP from Hope Sandoval former vocalist of Mazzy Star and Colm Ó Cíosóig former drummer of My Bloody Valentine released under the name Hope Sandoval & the Warm Inventions on October 11 2000 by Rough Trade.
 Crossing the Border is the second album released by Rawlins Cross. It was released in 1992 under the Ground Swell label.
 The Peel Sessions is an album of music by The Bonzo Dog Band recorded in 1969. This is one of a series of original recordings made in the BBC studios for the John Peel shows on BBC Radio 1 known collectively as the Peel Sessions. It was released in 1990 on Strange Fruit Records under license from BBC Records and Tapes. Distributed by Dutch East India Trading.
 2 is the second studio album by Australian music collective Sneaky Sound System released on 16 August 2008.
 Oblivion is the third album by London indie pop band Biff Bang Pow! released in 1987.
 In Concert is a live album by Jethro Tull recorded on 8 October 1991 at the Hammersmith Odeon in London and released in 1995.
 loveBUZZ is the debut album released by Australian rock band The Hummingbirds. The album was released on the rooART label in March 1990 (it was actually released late 1989). It peaked at #31 on the national album charts. The album eventually reached sales of approximately 40000 copies (exceeding the 30000 required for Gold record certification in Australia). In October 2010 LoveBUZZ was listed in the book 100 Best Australian Albums.
 I Know What Love Isn't is the third album by Jens Lekman. It was released in the UK/EU on 3 September 2012 and in the United States on 4 September 2012 through Secretly Canadian. The album was the final album released by Service Records who had been Lekman's European label since 2004.
 Billy's Live Bait was the second album recorded by Austin Minnesota band the Gear Daddies. It was their first release for a major label.
 Una Hora A Tokyo is the third album released by Argentinian rock band Airbag released on October 11 2008. The album received a Latin Grammy Award nomination for Best Rock Vocal Album Duo or Group.
 Now That's What I Call Music! 82 or Now! 82 is a double-disc compilation album that was released in the United Kingdom on 23 July 2012. It is the 82nd edition of the UK Now! series and is available on CD and downloadable formats. Now 82 is the first Now album since Now 1 from 1983 not to be compiled by Ashley Abram.
 Stop Talking is the debut studio album by Pacific Air. It was released on June 11 2013 after extensive promotion by the band.
 Here We Are is the debut album of Heroes released by Wang Chung drummer Darren Costin Michael Casswell Mike Marshall GB Chuck Sabo and Colin Bladry on RCA Records.It was originally released in 1987 on LP cassette and Compact Disc. Heroes also released one single Driftaway in addition to the band’s debut album.
 La Peste is the second album by Alabama 3.
 Wait for the Night is an EP released in 1983 by the heavy metal band Virgin Steele promoting the album Guardians of the Flame. This EP was released in Europe by Music for Nations with a different cover a different track listing and the name A Cry in the Night.
 Kraina Mriy (Ukrainian: Країна Мрій English: The Land of Dreams (incorrectly given as Cry in a Dream)) is the first official studio album by Vopli Vidopliassova. It was originally released in 1994 on BSA Records. When Vopli Vidopliassova's French period (1990-1996) ended the band returned to the Ukraine and had this remixed. The remix was released in 1997.
 Il faut du temps is an album by the singer Dalida. It was originally released in 1972.
 Life Death and Other Morbid Tales is the second album by Memento Mori. It was released in 1994 by Black Mark Productions.
 Epitaph is an album by Vancouver industrial band Front Line Assembly released in 2001. Though more complex and often more melodic than previous offerings Epitaph is widely regarded as FLA's most progressive and best all-around album and it serves as an outstanding benchmark in the industrial ethereal music genre. Epitaph dramatically reminds listeners of FLA's wide-ranging skill and cross-genre dynamics.
 Extra Virgin was the first (1996) release for British trip-hop band Olive. This defined Olive's style spawning three singles You're Not Alone (which was rereleased twice) Outlaw and Miracle. The trip-hop influence of Massive Attack and Portishead while in small quantities are evident mixed in with synth-based electronic dance.
 Megaritual is a record by Omar Rodríguez-López released by Willie Anderson Recordings.Megaritual is the fifth and final album in the series initiated and recorded by Omar Rodriguez Lopez in Amsterdam in 2005. Committed to tape in 2006 and mixed the following year the album features nine instrumental tracks performed solely by Rodriguez-Lopez and his brother Marcel Rodriguez-Lopez.
 Worrisome Heart is the debut album of jazz singer-songwriter Melody Gardot. It was first released independently in 2006 and later re-released on Verve Records in 2008. The album also contains some songs previously released on Gardot's first extended play release Some Lessons: The Bedroom Sessions.
 Managing the Details of an Undertaking is a compilation CD and DVD package by the San Diego California rock band Counterfit released in 2007 by One Bad Landing Records. It was a posthumous release as the group had disbanded in 2004. The CD portion of the release compiles rare unreleased and out-of-print songs from the band's career. The DVD portion includes a 76-minute documentary film of Counterfit's final tour from July 23 to September 15 2004 in support of Finch and Recover.
 The Infolepsy EP was released in 2004 on Coredump Records by breakcore artist Venetian Snares. It consists of 5 tracks three on the A side and two on the B side. It was also released on CD. The first track samples almost exclusively from the Sesame Street segment Pinball Number Count while the second track Where's Bill? samples heavily from the Quentin Tarantino film Kill Bill. The track Americanized samples a pamphlet by conspiracy theorist Francis E.
 Live It Up is the major-label debut album and third overall by American Idol season nine winner Lee DeWyze. The album was released on November 16 2010 in the United States.
 Z-Ro is the fifth solo album by rapper Z-Ro.
 Turn On Tune In Drop Out is a 1967 album credited to Timothy Leary created to accompany the documentary film of the same name. It consists of a narrated meditation mixed with freeform psychedelic rock music.
 Find It in You is the name of This Condition's first demos recorded in 2007.The band's first effort has been recognized to be a catchy-as-hell debut featuring and overpoweringly optimistic message in its lyrics. Frontman Nate Cyphert's chops have been lauded by most of the reviews; in particular James Viscardi of pop.is.dead:Lead singer Nate Cyphert has the makings to be a quintessential front man ala Freddie Mercury.
 Archetype is the fifth studio album by Los Angeles industrial metal band Fear Factory. It was released on April 19 2004 through Liquid 8. This album is not a concept album like the previous three studio albums. The music on this album returns to the style of the Demanufacture era which pleased many fans. Archetype was also issued in a Limited Edition Digipak with a bonus DVD.
 Mashed Potatoes was Steve Alaimo's second album for Checker Records. Like his previous album it capitalizes on a dance craze only this time the Mashed Potato.
 10 Years Of Anjunabeats is a special compilation mixed and compiled by British trance group Above & Beyond to commemorate the tenth birthday of the Anjunabeats record label. It was released in the United Kingdom on 17 January 2011 by Anjunabeats.
 Près de Toi is also the title of a track on Mike Oldfield's Light & Shade album.Près de Toi (Next To You) is French pop singer Lorie's triple-platinum debut album. It was released on September 30 2001. On April 29 2002 a special limited edition of the album was released with new packaging and extra tracks. Starting from September 20 2004 the original album was sold jointly with the singer's second album Tendrement.
 Symphonica is the 20th album by Joe Lovano to be released on Blue Note Records. It was released in 2009 and features a live recording of a November 26 2005 concert.
 Merry Arizona II: Desert Stars Shine at Christmas is the second Christmas album released by United Cerebral Palsy a leading service provider and advocate for children and adults with disabilities including cerebral palsy.Amongs those who contributed to the 96's collection of Christmas carols with proceeds going to Multiple Sclerosis featured such Arizona's artists as Alice Cooper CeCe Peniston Emilio Castillo Turning Point and The Kingston Trio.
 Welcome to My World was the title of a compilation album by Elvis Presley that was released by RCA Records in early 1977 just months before his death. According to Elvis: The Illustrated Record by Roy Carr and Mick Farren all but one track on this album had been previously released. I Can't Stop Loving You recorded during the afternoon performance at Madison Square Garden on June 10 1972 remained unreleased until the 1990s when it was issued as An Afternoon in the Garden.
 Let It Break is the fourth studio album by Irish singer-songwriter Gemma Hayes. It was released in Ireland on 27 May 2011. The album was recorded in Westland Studios in Dublin Ireland Black Box Studios in Noyant La Gravoyère France and mastered at Golden Mastering in Los Angeles CA.
 Smak 86. is the sixth studio album by the Serbian rock band Smak released in 1986. It was released as LP.
 No Mystery (1975) is the fifth studio album by jazz-rock fusion band Return to Forever.
 C.C.S. was the first studio album of the British blues outfit Collective Consciousness Society led by guitarist Alexis Korner. To avoid confusion with the group's second album with the same name the album is often called Whole Lotta Love due to the inclusion of the Led Zeppelin song.
 Fruitcake EP is an EP released by the defunct Filipino alternative rock band Eraserheads released by Sony BMG Music Philippines Inc. (Formerly BMG Records Pilipinas Inc.) in 1996 as a promotional material for the launching of their album Fruitcake in December 1996. The album contains three tracks that includes the band's well-known Christmas song Fruitcake Old Fashioned Christmas Carol and their own version of the song Christmas Alphabet.
 Let It All Begin is the first solo release by Seattle musician Shawn Smith. It was recorded in Seattle and Atlanta. The album was re-released in 2003 by the Establishment Store label and again in 2008 on Sound vs Silence.For detailed info on each version of this release see Shawn Smith's Official Website
 Panique celtique is the debut album recorded by French hip hop act Manau. It was released in July 1998. It achieved success in France and Belgium (Wallonia) where it hit respectively #1 for several weeks and #2.
 The Man Incognito is the fourth album by American jazz drummer Alphonse Mouzon recorded in 1975 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Tribute is a live album by heavy metal vocalist Ozzy Osbourne. The album was released on March 19 1987 five years to the day after the death of guitarist Randy Rhoads who the album was released in honour of. It was reissued on August 22 1995 and again remastered and reissued in 2002. It peaked at number 6 on the Billboard 200.
 Pousse au crime et Longueurs de temps (which translates to crime incitation and lengths of time) is an Album by French Punk Band Dirty District. The album had a variety of styles including Ska Reggae and an early attempt at Rap Metal. The album was heavily delayed as the songs were recorded in February 1989 and the album was released in 1990. The CD came with short explanations (written in French) and the lyrics for each song.
 MTV Unplugged (listed on iTunes as MTV Unplugged: Katy Perry) is an extended play (EP) and live album by American singer-songwriter Katy Perry released in the United States on November 13 2009 by Capitol Records. After airing more than 100 MTV Unplugged specials MTV wanted to bring back the series in order to expose them to a younger generation.
 The Nutcracker Suite is a recording by American guitarist Tim Sparks released in 1993. It consists of both an adaptation for acoustic guitar of Tchaikovsky's suite from his ballet The Nutcracker and the Balkan Dreams Suite a suite of songs based on melodies and ideas of Béla Bartók. Sparks won the 1993 National Fingerstyle Guitar Championship playing his solo guitar arrangement of Tchaikovsky's Nutcracker Suite.
 The Wiggles Movie Soundtrack is the eighth Wiggles album released in 1997 and the companion soundtrack for the The Wiggles Movie.
 Viva Vigilante is the sixth studio album by English gothic rock band Sex Gang Children. It was released in September 2013 by record label Pale Music.And self described as a dark baroquial tapestry tinged with glam.
 Angel Rat is the sixth album released by the Canadian heavy metal band Voivod. Produced by Terry Brown of Rush fame it was released in 1991 by Mechanic/MCA Records and is the follow-up to their critically acclaimed release 1989's Nothingface.
 Rain 2 is the second studio album by South Korean pop and R&B singer Rain. Like its predecessor the album sold well throughout Southeast Asia.
 The Other Man's Grass Is Always Greener is the ninth album released by Petula Clark in the United States. It entered the Billboard 200 on February 17 1968 and remained on the charts for 23 weeks peaking at #93. It fared better in the United Kingdom where it reached #37.
 Live from London is a digital EP by Australian pop singer Natalie Imbruglia available exclusively through the iTunes Store as part of the Live from London series. It was released on 17 August 2007 through Brightside Recordings.The EP contains five live acoustic versions of hits from her singles collection Glorious: The Singles 1997-2007.
 Greatest Hits 2 is a greatest hits album by American rock band Journey. The album was released on November 1 2011 by Columbia Records.The compilation album is the band's second greatest hits package. It was released 23 years after the first greatest hits package in 1988. The album includes the remaining radio hits that were left off the first greatest hits package and fan favorites.
 Never Forget (Where You Come From) is the debut studio album by German R&B group Bro'Sis released on January 21 2002 via Polydor's sublabel Cheyenne Records. It was primarily produced by Toni Cottura with additional production from Alex Christensen Marc Mozart Syndicate Music and others.
 The Heat is Jesse Malin's second album self-produced by Malin and released on June 29 2004 in the United States.
 Music for Tourists is an indie pop album by Chris Garneau. It was released on January 23 2007 on the Absolutely Kosher record label.
 Call Down The Moon was the eleventh studio album released by the Welsh psychedelic/progressive rock band Man and only the second since they had reformed in 1983. It was also their first American release in 20 years. It was recorded during November 1994 and released in 1995.
 Condensed Hamsters (1990) is a Hamsters album that was originally released only as an audio cassette (Music Cassette) compilation of the four original cassette only albums (recordings from 1988–1990) that were only available from the band's gigs. They never received a national distribution.
 Giving Birth to a Stone is the debut album of UK metal band Peach released in 1994. It was re-released in 2000 with different artwork designed by Adam Jones of Tool. It was re-released again globally on April 2 2007 through Sony BMG - and is also being made available in downloadable formats.
 The Gate is a 2011 studio album by Kurt Elling produced by Don Was. on November 30th 2011 the album received a Nomination in 54th Grammy Awards for Best Jazz Vocal Album.
 A Natural Woman is a 1969 (see 1969 in music) album by Peggy Lee. It was arranged and conducted by Bobby Bryant and Mike Melvoin.
 Like Drawing Blood is the second album by Gotye. All the sounds on the album were collected and assembled or performed by Wally De Backer in bedrooms around Melbourne between 2003 and 2005 and the record was mixed and mastered by François Tétaz (Wolf Creek soundtrack Machine Translations Architecture in Helsinki).
 Thor is the soundtrack to the Marvel Studios film of the same name based on the character created by Marvel Comics. The music was composed by Patrick Doyle and performed by the London Symphony Orchestra. Buena Vista Records announced the details for the soundtrack in March 2011. It was released in some European territories at the end of April and was released on May 3 in the United States.
 Diver is a 7 vinyl EP A Wilhelm Scream released in early 2006. It was titled Diver because that is the title of first song on the vinyl. The song Diver was recorded during the Mute Print sessions but the song didn't make it to the full length. Later the band decided to release the song on this 7 vinyl EP.
 Rocked Wired & Bluesed: The Greatest Video Hits was released in 2005 and is a chronology of Cinderella's music videos. All the videos have been digitally remastered in 5.1 Dolby Surround Sound.
 The Electric Horseman is a 1979 album by country singer Willie Nelson and the soundtrack to the Sydney Pollack film The Electric Horseman.
 Unending Degradation is the first studio album by Finnish death metal band Krypts. It was released on 19 February 2013 through Dark Descent Records. The album was made available on CD vinyl and digital download.
 Illustrated Songs is the second studio album of singer-songwriter Gaby Moreno. The album was released independently on April 5 2011 and includes 12 songs.
 Weightless is the second album by instrumental progressive metal group Animals as Leaders. It was released on November 4 2011 in Europe November 7 2011 in the UK and November 8 2011 in the US by Prosthetic Records.
 She Ain't Me is the second album released by Carrie Rodriguez. She Ain't Me was produced by Malcolm Burn Grammy-award recipient who has worked with Emmylou Harris and Bob Dylan.
 Kandisa is the second studio album released by Indian fusion band Indian Ocean in March 2000. It went on to become one of the best-loved albums produced in India. Kandisa acquired cult status and propelled Indian Ocean into the status of one of India’s most original and creative bands. The band left Indian shores for the first time ever in August 2001.
 Songs from Ally McBeal is an album by Vonda Shepard released in 1998 as a soundtrack for the American television series Ally McBeal.It reached number three in the UK album charts and was a success in the US Canada and many European countries too. The song Searchin' My Soul co-written by Shepard with Paul Gordon was used as the Ally McBeal theme tune and an earlier version had been featured on one of Vonda Shepard's previous albums The Radical Light.
 Gene Pitney's Big Sixteen Volume Two is American singer Gene Pitney's tenth album released on the Musicor label in the United States in 1965. The album was released as Gene Pitney's More Big Sixteen on the Stateside label in the United Kingdom.The compilation album featured Pitney's two most recent hit singles - It Hurts to Be in Love and I'm Gonna Be Strong - together with a range of lesser hits and album-only tracks from earlier releases and one new track Fool Killer.
 XI: The Days Before Tomorrow is an album by the hard rock band Lillian Axe released in 2012.
 Buck Owens is the debut album by Buck Owens released in 1960. It was released on the La Brea label. His debut on Capitol Records the next year would also be titled Buck Owens.
 Fan Club CD Vol. 1 is the first in a series of annual releases for members of the official Supersuckers fan club.
 Operation: Cut-Throat is Hidden in Plain View's second EP. It was originally released on Note to Self Records in 2002 and re-issued by LLR Recordings in 2003.
 El Tiempo is the second album by Mexican singer Benny Ibarra. It was released in late 1994 and was a success record due to the hit songs Sin Ti and Cielo. It earned a platinum record for 150000 copies sold in Mexico.
 Chambermaid EP has been considered as a single from the album Enchant by Emilie Autumn even though it was released prior to the album. Most tracks were released on different albums. This was released with Autumn's own label Traitor which no longer exists. For that reason Chambermaid is no longer in print.
 No Pleasantries is the debut album of American post-grunge band U.P.O. Released on May 30 2000 the album broke U.P.O. into the mainstream rock scene and was their most successful release. It was made available on iTunes on September 22 2004.In promotion of No Pleasantries U.P.O. toured throughout 2000 with popular acts such as Linkin Park Nickelback Godsmack and 3 Doors Down. July saw the group joining Slipknot Slayer and Metallica on the Tattoo the Earth Tour. U.P.O.
 Inside Out is the debut album by singer-actress Emmy Rossum released on October 23 2007. In the second week of its release the album entered the U.S. Billboard 200 at number 199. As of May 11 2008 the album had sold 28090 copies in the US. The cover and album photos were shot at Pier 54 in Santa Monica by photographer Brian Bowen Smith.
 ContiUKiss is an EP released by the South Korean boy band U-KISS. It is the group's third mini-album and first release including the member Lee Kiseop. Released in November 6 2009 this album received popularity over their track Man Man Ha Ni which through the MV revealed each member's maturity. This single describes a guy who can't help but keep going back to this girl who deceives him every time. Along with their new style they were highly praised for their intense choreography.
 Bootlegged in Japan is a live album from the 5 August 1996 concert at the Liquid Rooms Tokyo Japan by Napalm Death. It was recorded as a bootleg and after the band received the recording they found it was good enough to release it as an actual and official live album.
 Beautiful Tragedy is the seventh studio album by Canadian country music artist Lisa Brokop. It was released on August 19 2008 by Ellbea Music and distributed by Fontana Distribution.Band in the Window was previously recorded by Pam Tillis on her 2007 album RhineStoned and released as a single but did not chart.
 House Full: Live at the L.A. Troubadour not to be confused with its earlier counterpart Live at the L.A. Troubadour is the only currently available live Fairport Convention album to feature Richard Thompson.
 B is for Bob is a children's music remix album by reggae band Bob Marley & The Wailers released on June 23 2009 and is a posthumous album released after Marley's death. The album is a collection of old songs from their previous albums Legend Rastaman Vibration and Burnin'.
 Not in My Name is an EP by Saul Williams released in May 2003.
 The Way Things Work is the debut album by American improvisational band Unknown Instructors featuring Mike Watt (Minutemen Firehose The Stooges Dos Banyan) George Hurley (Minutemen Firehose Red Krayola) Joe Baiza (Saccharine Trust Universal Congress Of) Jack Brewer (Saccharine Trust) and poet Dan McGuire. The album was created and recorded on the spot in one day in 2003 at Karma Studio in San Pedro California.
 Uneven is the fifth studio album by the progressive metal band Sieges Even. It is the last album to feature Greg Keller on vocals and Wolfgang Zenk on guitar. It is also the last album the band released till 2005. The album as it's predecessor features keyboard elements and is very aggressive in lyrics and in sound. The album is a very rare album and is only available overseas.
 Rise to Dominate is an album by the Swedish band Aeon released on September 4 2007.
 Fabulosos Calavera (Spanish for Fabulous Skull) Released in 1997 is the eleventh album by Argentine band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs. This album has a much more obscure theme than the previous album of the band talking about death the devil and hidden messages. This fact however didn't stop it for getting gold disc and latter platinum on remastering and the Carlos Gardel Award.
 The Real Thing is Bo Bice's debut studio album. It was released on December 13 2005 and sold 227000 copies in its first week debuting at #4 on the Billboard 200 album chart. A DualDisc was also released with a DVD side along with the CD side. The DVD included hidden tracks and a short film A Day in the Life of Bo Bice.
 Child of the Sun is a pop/rock album by Mayte Garcia released in 1995. It was produced by Prince when they were married and released by NPG Records. The album was not very critically or commercially successful.The album has a similar style to Prince's albums of the same period.
 Music from the World Beyond is the first album by stoner rock quartet The Mushroom River Band. It was released in 2000 and contains twelve tracks.
 It's Monk's Time is the sixth album Thelonious Monk released in 1964 for Columbia Records featuring three original compositions as well as two jazz standards.
 Calling My Children Home is an album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen recorded in 1976-1977 and released in 1978.
 Suicide: Alan Vega and Martin Rev is the second studio album by the American band Suicide. The album was produced by Ric Ocasek of The Cars for Ze Records in 1980. Recorded in January 1980 Ocasek gave keyboardist Martin Rev new equipment to perform on while Alan Vega distanced himself from the album musically to concentrate on the vocals.
 Generation Nothing is the tenth studio album from American heavy metal band Metal Church. The album is their first after their late 2012 reunion and their fourth to feature vocalist Ronny Munroe. The band entered Kurdt Vanderhoof's English Channel studio in March 2013 to start work on the album. A late summer or early fall release date is expected. The album will be released on Vanderhoof's label Body of Work Recordings.On July 12 the album title was revealed.
 Love Tears is an EP released by Kokia only through digital download service iTunes on December 3 2008. It features a collection of rarities featured as bonus tracks on Kokia releases between 2006 and 2008. Due to the success of this digital EP Kokia decided to release three singles from her Real World album as four track digital only EPs with booklets created by Kokia in a similar manner to Love Tears.
 The Orphans is the fifth album by Kristeen Young. Its tracks Kill The Father and London Cry were released as singles in the UK by Sanctuary/Attack.
 Kalik is the second album released by the Baha Men. It was released in 1994 on the Atlantic Records label. It continues the rhythmic Junkanoo style of the Bahamas.
 Old School Gouls is a metal album by horror rock group Impaler.
 The Spine Hits The Road is a live album by the group They Might Be Giants. It features tracks from various locations on their Spine Surfs The Hiway Tour. It is an iTunes exclusive album that was released on August 31 2004.
 Monty Python's Life of Brian is an album released by Monty Python in conjunction with the 1979 film Monty Python's Life of Brian. It mostly contains scenes from the movie with only brief linking sections performed by Eric Idle and Graham Chapman. The album opens with a brief rendition of Hava Nagila on Scottish bagpipes. In 2006 a special edition CD added six bonus tracks to the end of the album.
 Danny's Song is the seventh studio album by Anne Murray issued in 1973 on Capitol Records. Tracks 7-11 were recorded live at the National Arts Centre in Ottawa Ontario. The album peaked at number 4 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and number 39 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.
 3 is the aptly titled third studio album of the rock band FireHouse. It was released in 1995.The album featured a softer sound than their previous two albums. It also spawned another hit signature power ballad in I Live My Life for You.
 Collection of Splits 2002–2004 is a compilation album by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts. It was released in the spring of 2006 on Great White North Records.The compilation contains all of the tracks (minus live and bonus tracks) from the splits released between Backstabber Ettiquette and Legacy of Hopelessness. It was also packed with enhanced MP3 tracks from some of the earlier splits and other oddities.
 Live Live Live Tokyo Dome 1993-1996 is a live album released by X Japan on October 15 1997. As the title implies it contains songs recorded at the Tokyo Dome between 1993 and 1996 all of them at the band's annual New Year's Eve concerts at that stadium. The album reached number 3 on the Oricon chart. A supplemental disc titled Live Live Live Extra was released the following month.
 Sora no Uta (そらのうた) is an album released in 2005 by Arai Akino. It is a 20th anniversary compilation of Akino's songs. The Limited version was released with the 20th Anniversary album Sora no Uta live (限定盤＜DVD＞). The footage for the DVD is taken from the Yokohama Blitz gig on the last day of Arai's sora no uta tour.
 Pictures is the third album by British-Georgian jazz and blues singer Katie Melua and was released on 1 October 2007. It was released in the USA on May 5 2009 with a different album cover.
 Filigree & Shadow is an album released in 1986 by Ivo Watts-Russell's supergroup This Mortal Coil. The supergroup consists primarily of artists attached to the 4AD label of which Watts-Russell was the co-founder and (at the time) the owner and president.
 Equally Cursed and Blessed is the third album by Welsh band Catatonia released in April 1999 via Blanco y Negro Records. Like its predecessor International Velvet it reached number one in the UK Album Chart. However sales were down compared to the previous album though the album was praised for its often dark and miserable tone.The album spawned one Top 10 single Dead from the Waist Down. The other singles Londinium and Karaoke Queen charted at numbers 20 and 36 respectively.
 Terror Syndrome is the debut album by Canadian metal band Terror Syndrome. The album was independently released in July 2008 through online distributors. A physical release with a new track featuring the band's new vocalist Dave Padden is planned for 2009.
 Kunst is the eighteenth album by industrial band KMFDM. It was released on February 26 2013 on Metropolis Records.
 Shootin' Up the World is an album by hardcore punk band Discharge released in 1993 on Clay Records.
 A Future for the Michel (Eine Zukunft für den Michel) is a compilation album supporting charity by Moya Brennan and Schiller. The album was released in December 2005 to raise money for St. Michel's Church in Hamburg. The compilation features collaborations between the two artists and solo works. All profits from the compilation have gone to the church in order to have it restored and kept open.Only a limited number were released.
 Blissful Encounter (Chinese: 幸福遇見; pinyin: Xìngfú Yùjiàn) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Ariel Lin's (Chinese: 林依晨) debut Mandarin solo studio album. It was released on 10 July 2009 by Avex Taiwan.
 Live to Win is the second solo album from Kiss vocalist guitarist and co-founder Paul Stanley released on October 24 2006. The album's title track was featured on the South Park episode Make Love Not Warcraft twenty days prior to the album's release. Stanley last released a solo album in 1978 Paul Stanley which was officially released as a Kiss album. Comparing the two albums Stanley said It's not 1978 anymore...
 All-Time Greatest Hits is a collection of 23 songs that were previously recorded by Ray Stevens released in 2001. Like many collections of Stevens' music it concentrates 99% on recordings that were made for the record labels of Monument and Barnaby. The one exception is the first track Sergeant Preston of the Yukon an unsuccessful hit (it charted but failed to make the Billboard Hot 100) that was released in 1960 by the NRC label.
 Under the Table Tennis is Tim Fite's ninth album. Like a number of his previous albums it was released free of charge on his website.
 Flyin' the Flannel is the fourth album by the American alternative rock band Firehose released in 1991 and the band's first album after signing with the major label Columbia Records. It is considerably different in sound from its predecessor Fromohio.[citation needed]
 Coming Around Again is singer-songwriter Carly Simon's 14th album and 13th studio album released in 1987. It is her first of many albums for Arista Records. The title track and Itsy Bitsy Spider were both written for and featured in the 1986 film Heartburn.The title song peaked at #18 on the Billboard Hot 100 becoming Simon's twelfth Top 40 hit in the USA. Additionally it was a top 10 hit in the UK. The album itself reached #25 in both the US and the UK.
 Another Life...Another End is the debut album released by power metal band Winter's Verge. It was released on 2005 as an EP and on 2006 as a full-length album. The album consists of 9 songs and 1 intro track.It delves into European style melodic prog/power metal with keyboards.
 Amor and Language is an EP by the experimental rock band Red Krayola released on June 3 1995 through Drag City.
 Ruby is the third studio album by the Albany-based pop rock band Sirsy. It was released on May 18 2004.
 The Hard Swing is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt's Quartet recorded in 1959 and released on the Verve label.
 The Fittest of the Fittest is a studio album released by Burning Spear in 1983.
 On the Ride is a DVD containing Aly & AJ's first live concert filmed in Los Angeles in 2005. The DVD was released on April 4 2006 to help promote their debut album Into the Rush.
 Romance 1600 is the second album from singer-drummer-percussionist Sheila E.. Although Prince wrote and played on the whole album other than the instrumental Merci for the Speed of a Mad Clown in Summer the only track he is credited for openly on the album sleeve itself is A Love Bizarre which was co-written and produced with Sheila E. and is a duet between the pair.
 Sus Baladas is the third (second in Mexico) recompilation of hits from Mexican musician Benny Ibarra. It was released in 2007 after Benny left Warner Music so this is his farewell with that recording and focused only on ballads. Strangely no songs from Así appeared in the compilation.
 This Narrow Road is the thirtieth album by Jandek and the first of two new discs (there were several reissues) released in 2001. It is also the second of three (so far) spoken word releases and is Corwood #0768.
 Venus Isle is the fourth studio album by guitarist Eric Johnson released on September 3 1996 through Capitol Records. The album reached No. 51 on the U.S. Billboard 200 and remained on that chart for six weeks. Pavilion was released as a single and reached No. 33 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock while its B-side S.R.V. is a tribute to guitarist Stevie Ray Vaughan and features his elder brother Jimmie Vaughan as a guest soloist.
 Little Lucid Moments is the twelfth full length studio album by the Norwegian band Motorpsycho that was released on March 31 2008 by Rune Grammofon Records in Scandinavia the UK the USA and France and on March 28 2008 by Stickman Records in Germany and the rest of Europe. It is available on CD and double vinyl. The four songs featured on the album are extremely long each between 11 and 21 minutes. [1]This was the first album recorded with new drummer Kenneth Kapstad.
 Mary Ann is the first studio album recorded by Puerto Rican singer Mary Ann Acevedo. The first single of this album are Mirame (English: Look at me).
 The Jealous Girlfriends is eponymous second album from the American rock band The Jealous Girlfriends.
 In Concert Volume Two is a live album recorded in 1973 by jazz trumpeter Freddie Hubbard pianist Herbie Hancock and tenor saxophonist Stanley Turrentine. It was recorded in Chicago and Detroit for Creed Taylor's CTI label and features performances by Hubbard Turrentine Hancock Eric Gale Ron Carter and Jack DeJohnette.
 The X Factor Philippines is a Filipino television music competition to find a new singing talent. The first season began on June 23 2012. KC Concepcion is the host of the show while the judging panel consist of Charice Gary Valenciano Pilita Corrales and Martin Nievera.The show is mainly based on the UK format. The competition consists of auditions in front of the shows producers and then the judges with a live audience.
 Sex Drugs & Video Games is a Retail mixtape by American rapper David Banner released on May 22 2012. It was self-released by Banner in an attempt to profoundly change the music industry. Downloading the mixtape required a minimum donation of $1.
 Maniacal is the third full-length studio album by the New York crossover thrash band Sworn Enemy. The album was released in the United States in 2008.
 Monster on a Leash is an album by Tower of Power released in 1991. It was their debut on Epic Records (ironically enough sister label to Columbia Records which they were previously signed with). This album is considered a return-to-form for the band and debuts lead vocalist Tom Bowes thus far the only T.O.P. lead vocalist to be of Caucasian descent (Previous vocalists were all African American before Bowes).
 Seishinbyouin is the second album by Swedish Dark ambient project Atrium Carceri. It was released on September 2004 through Cold Meat Industry
 Yeh Naya Naya is a compilation album by Sonu Nigam and other singers containing songs recorded in 1994. The album was initially released with the title Naya Naya Pyaar in 1997 under Plus Music label.
 Live in Paris 1992 is a live album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in Colombes in 1992 and released on the Birdology label.
 Shapeshifter is a Space Tribe album published in 2001 by Spirit Zone Records.
 Another Country is a studio album by singer-songwriter Tift Merritt. It was recorded in the summer of 2007 produced in L.A. by George Drakoulias and released on February 26 2008 by Fantasy Records. For her third album Tift Merritt took hiatus with a piano in Paris and came home with her most personal and powerful songs to date. Merritt has described the writing as a plainspoken look at the distance we all attempt to cross: between two people between one heart and the rest of the world.
 Tripsis is the sixth and final full-length studio album by the Australian progressive metal band Alchemist. Recorded in 2007 Adam Agius stated that the songwriting focused on a consistently heavy approach. A promotional music video for the song Wrapped in Guilt is planned. A music video for Tongues and Knives premiered on 8 October 2008.When asked on the meaning of the album Agius remarked:
 Make It With You is a 1970 (see 1970 in music) album by Peggy Lee. It was arranged and conducted by Benny Golson. The album peaked at #194 on the Billboard 200 in December 1970. It was Lee's last album to make the Billboard chart.
 Eternal Glory is a 1995 demotape released by Italian symphonic power metal band Rhapsody and their very first release as Rhapsody.
 The Fatboy Slim/Norman Cook Collection is a compilation album released by British big beat musician Fatboy Slim on Hip-O Records in 2000. It was remixed and produced by Fatboy Slim (Norman Cook).
 Fancy Footwork is the second album by Canadian electrofunk group Chromeo. It was released on June 19 2007. Fancy Footwork spawned three singles Fancy Footwork Tenderoni and Bonafied Lovin' all released on Turbo Recordings. A double CD deluxe edition was released on July 9 2008. It features the original album along with a second disc of remixes and bonus tracks as well as music videos. The album peaked at #11 on the Top Electronic Albums chart.
 Dookie is the third studio album by American punk rock band Green Day. The album was released on February 1 1994 through Reprise Records. It was the band's first collaboration with producer Rob Cavallo and its major record label debut. Dookie became a worldwide commercial success peaking at number two on the U.S. Billboard 200 and charting in seven countries.
 Here to Save You All is the debut album by rapper Chino XL released on April 9 1996. It is predominantly produced by B Wiz and only held two guest appearances from Ras Kass and Kool Keith. It was produced mostly by Chino's close associates and the lyrical content revolved around dark hardcore themes (mostly metaphorical braggadoccio) dismissing the commercialized hip hop that was starting to gain momentum at this time.
 Cheat the Night is an extended play by country pop singer Deborah Allen. Released in 1983 via RCA Records the album includes the singles Baby I Lied I've Been Wrong Before and I Hurt For You.
 SLK is the sixth studio album by Finnish metal band Stam1na. It was released on February 7 2014.
 II Trill is the second studio album by UGK member Bun B. It was released on May 20 2008 by Rap-a-Lot Records and Asylum Records.The album is the follow-up to his successful debut album Trill. It was mentioned that after the death of his lifelong friend and companion Pimp C due in part to an accidental overdose he is likely to ban the syrup talk on his new CD. The album was originally set to be released on April 29 2008 but was pushed back to May 20.
 Monolith is the sixth studio album by American progressive rock band Kansas released in 1979 (see 1979 in music). The album was remastered and reissued in 2011 as a Japanese import vinyl-replica Blu-spec CD (Epic EICP 20078). A domestic version of the remaster was released in standard CD format in the U.S.
 Time Marches On is the fourth studio album released by country music artist Tracy Lawrence. The title track spent three weeks at Number One on the Billboard country charts in 1996 becoming Lawrence's biggest chart hit to date. Is That a Tear If You Loved Me and Stars Over Texas were also released from this album and all were Top 5 hits as well.
 Demos and Live Cuts Vol. II is an album by Michale Graves. It was released in 2007.
 Erasure was the seventh studio album by Erasure released in 1995. It was produced by Thomas Fehlmann (of The Orb) and Gareth Jones.An overtly experimental and introspective album Erasure contains eleven mostly mid-tempo tracks that differed from their past output of shiny three-minute pop songs.
 Reservoir Dog is the seventh album by rapper Schoolly D. The album was released in 1995 for PSK Records and was produced by Schoolly D and Grizz Bear & Devine. Reviews were mostly positive; however like his previous albums the album was a commercial failure and did not chart on any album charts. The album featured one single “Nigger Entertainment”.
 In Awe is a studio album by reggae band Midnite released on January 24 2012 under Fifth Son Records/VPAL.
 Color as a Way of Life is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson his second recorded for the Cotillion label featuring Donaldson with an orchestra arranged by Mike Goldberg and Dennis Williams.The album was awarded 2 stars in an Allmusic review.
 Finally Famous is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Big Sean. It was released on June 28 2011 through G.O.O.D. Music and Def Jam Records. The album marks the first official release of Finally Famous series following his mixtape trilogy.Preceding the album's release lead single My Last which featured R&B singer Chris Brown was released as a digital download worldwide on March 25 2011.
 Dance 'Til Your Baby Is a Man is the first full length album from Sean Na Na.
 Live Tour 2009: Trick (stylized as Live Tour 2009: TRICK) is the ninth DVD by Koda Kumi. The limited edition came with a holographic cover and a bonus DVD.The DVD is certified Gold for shipment of 100000 copies.
 Cavalier Youth is the fourth full length record from English alternative rock band You Me at Six. The album was released on 26 January 2014 through Virgin Records in the UK Australia and New Zealand. The first and lead single Lived a Lie was released on 2 September 2013 The track also featured in the football video game FIFA 14. This was followed up by the second single Fresh Start Fever which was released with a music video on 3 December 2013.
 COM LAG (2plus2isfive) is the sixth extended play (EP) by English rock group Radiohead released in March 2004 in Japan and Australia. It is a compilation that collects many of the B-sides from the singles released in support of their 2003 album Hail to the Thief also including remixes by Cristian Vogel and Four Tet.
 In Your Face 1982−1990 is the Finnish rock band Smack's double compilation album. It was released in 2007. The compilation includes two CDs the first a combination of all four Smack studio albums and the second including previously unreleased live recordings from the 80's.
 A Year and a Half in the Life of Metallica is a two-part documentary about the process of making the Metallica album (or The Black Album) and the following tour. It was produced by Juliana Roberts and directed by Adam Dubin.A Year and a Half in the Life of Metallica was released as a double VHS pack.
 Tell Me Why was Bobby Vinton's eighth studio album released in July 1964. The title track is the album's only single. Cover versions include Somewhere Along the Way When I Lost You Some of These Days Maybe You'll Be There If You Love Me (Really Love Me) and I Wanna Be Loved.
 Mutiny on the Mamaship is the debut album by former Parliament-Funkadelic drummer Jerome Brailey and his band Mutiny. The album was released by Columbia Records in 1979. The album was released a year after Brailey left P-Funk due to a financial dispute.
 The Pimp & da Gangsta is the second studio album by rap group Dirty their first released through a major label. It was released on February 27 2001 through Universal Records and was produced by the members of group. The album did fairly well on the charts peaking at #88 on the Billboard 200 and #19 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 LIFTED or The Story Is in the Soil Keep Your Ear to the Ground is the fourth album by Bright Eyes. This album is the 46th release of Saddle Creek Records. The band made its national television debut in support of the album performing The Trees Get Wheeled Away (a track that was not on the album) on the Late Show with David Letterman. The album is referenced in Jonathan Franzen's Freedom when main characters Walter and Richard attend a Bright Eyes concert in Washington D.C.
 Verdi is Andrea Bocelli's seventh studio album and fourth classical album of Verdi's most famous arias released in 2000. The Israel Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Zubin Mehta accompanied Bocelli for the album.
 Live After Death is the video compendium to the double-live Iron Maiden album of the same name originally released in 1985 on VHS Beta LaserDisc VHD and Hi-8. The video captures Iron Maiden in concert recorded over a sold-out four-night stand at Long Beach Arena on the second night 15 March 1985 during their World Slavery Tour.
 Mask of Smiles is the third full-length release by British rock singer-songwriter John Waite. It was released in 1985 just after the release of his hit  Missing You.There were two singles released from the disc. The first Every Step Of The Way was a top 30 hit peaking at number 25. The other Welcome To Paradise fared rather dismally edging just inside the Hot 100 (at number 85). The album itself peaked inside the Top 40 at number 36.
 Full Circle is the ninth studio album by American country music artist Randy Travis. His last album for Warner Bros. Records (not counting his later country-gospel works for Word/Warner/Curb) the album produced four singles: Are We in Trouble Now Would I Price to Pay and a cover of Roger Miller's hit single King of the Road. This cover was also featured in the soundtrack to the 1997 film Traveller.
 Head Break Solution is a second studio album by the Russian metal band Icon in me.
 From the 13th Sun is an album by Candlemass released in 1999. The CD liner notes say it is dedicated to the greatest band of all time: Black Sabbath.
 Sacred Cows subtitled The Songs That Helped Us is an album featuring the rock band The Swirling Eddies performing their own less-than-serious versions of popular CCM hits released in 1996 on StarSong.The basic plan for the record was to get the Eddies into a studio to record their own versions of some of the day's top CCM hits.
 Peace is the name of an album by Jim Brickman released on September 23 2003 it is aChristmas album and received a Grammy Award nominmate for Best Pop Instrumental Album
 Tagtraum (Daydream) is a Live CD + DVD release by German electronical musician composer and producer Christopher von Deylen under his Schiller alias. The CD contains several live recordings of the tracks found on the 2005 Schiller album Tag und Nacht.
 The Whale is a dramatic cantata written by the English composer John Tavener in 1966.
 More… is the second studio album by Montell Jordan released on August 27 1996 through Def Jam Recordings. Though the album did not do as well on the Billboard charts as his previous album only making it to #47 on the Billboard 200 More… nevertheless was certified gold by the RIAA on May 21 1997. The album also spawned three hit singles I Like Falling and What's on Tonight the later two being certified gold by the RIAA.
 Work 1989–2002 is a compilation album released by the British electronica duo Orbital in 2002 featuring a selection of singles and rare tracks from their career together. Work was Orbital's final album for the FFRR record company.
 This Might Be The Day is the third studio album by American rapper MJG. It has been released July 15 2008.
 Os Últimos Heróis. (1990) is Menudo's 29th album (fourth in Portuguese).It features Sergio Blass Ruben Gómez Robert Avellanet Rawy Torres and new member César Abreu. Cesar replaced Angelo García after Angelo quit the band making him the 5th member to do so. In Angelo's case he still had a long time left to go before he had to leave the group. That is not all. César Abreu also quit the band after only about seven months of becoming a member.
 Totally Hot is Olivia Newton-John's ninth US and tenth international studio album. Released in November 1978 it became her first solo Top 10 (No. 7) album since 1975's Have You Never Been Mellow. Dressed on the album cover all in leather Newton-John's transformation in Grease from goody-goody Sandy 1 to spandex-clad Sandy 2 emboldened her to do the same with her music. The album's singles A Little More Love (No. 3 Pop No. 94 Country No. 4 AC) Deeper Than The Night (No.
 Going Where the Lonely Go is an album by American recording artist Merle Haggard released in 1982. It peaked at No. 3 on the Billboard Hot Country Albums chart. The album bore two singles both of which reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart: the title track and You Take Me For Granted (the latter track written by Haggard's wife Leona Williams).Going Where the Lonely Go was recorded during the same sessions that produced Big City.
 American Underdog is Big B's fifth solo album. Like all his previous solo albums it was released for Suburban Noize Records. This album includes collaborations with Daddy X The Dirtball Johnny Richter Scott Russo of Unwritten Law Jared of Hed PE and John E. Necro.
 Mor lam sa on 13 (หมอลำสะออนชุดที่ 13) is a mor lam and luk thung album by the Thai singer Jintara Poonlarp. Released in 2006 on the Master Tape label it was the thirteenth album in her second series of recordings and her 39th original album.
 Archie Shepp & Philly Joe Jones is an album by jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp and drummer Philly Joe Jones recorded in Europe in 1969 for the America label. The album was also issued by the Fantasy label. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states This intriguing LP does not live up to its potential... Unfortunately both of the sidelong pieces have recitations the performances are overly long and there is quite a bit of rambling.
 Double Vision is the second studio album by British/American rock band Foreigner released in 1978. It features the band's signature song Hot Blooded which peaked at #3 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 ¡Venganza! is a video album released by rock band My Chemical Romance. It is the second part of the concert in Mexico City Mexico on October 7 2007 and a follow-up to the previous DVD The Black Parade Is Dead!. These videos are stored on a bullet-shaped USB drive along with photos from the show. The flash drive is only available with a Revenge-style vest. Some photos of the Venganza show appear in the booklet for The Black Parade is Dead!.
 Misere Mortem is the first studio album by the Norwegian band Mortemia.The design was done by the agency angst-im-wald.
 The Final Requiem is the fourth studio album released by power metal band Axenstar. It was recorded April to May 2006 in Studio Underground. This album has been released in Europe on September 8 2006 and Japan on October 23. It was also released in America and Mexico.
 Starbomb is the eponymous debut studio album by American comedy supergroup Starbomb composed of Leigh Daniel Avidan and Brian Wecht of American comedy duo Ninja Sex Party and Flash animator and internet personality Arin Hanson (also known as Egoraptor) also known from Game Grumps. Starbomb brings together the sexually provocative music stylings of NSP and the video game-based humor of Egoraptor[cn]. The album was released on December 17 2013.
 Cascade is the third studio album released by Guy Manning. In Summer 2008 it was re-packaged and re-issued as part of the Guy Manning 10th Anniversary celebrations for 2009
 All the Magic is the second album by Lester Bowie recorded for ECM. It was released in 1982 as a double LP with the first disc consisting of band performances and a second disc of solo trumpet improvisations by Bowie.
 The Union is the eponymous debut album by The Union the English rock band formed by ex-Thunder guitarist Luke Morley and Peter Shoulder (formerly of Winterville). It was released on 23 August 2010 and features on a bonus DVD the band's first concert at the Garage in London from December 2009.
 Road to the Octagon is the eleventh full-length studio album from Finnish blackened death metal band Impaled Nazarene. It was released as are all of their albums thus far on Osmose Productions in 2010. It also marked the first time that they were without a co-producer (Tapio Penannen co-produced their last few).
 The Boatlift is the third studio album by Miami rapper Pitbull. It was released on November 27 2007. The singles are Go Girl The Anthem Secret Admirer and Sticky Icky. The song Fuego (Remix) was featured on the video game Madden NFL 2008.The album debuted at number fifty with sales of 32084 copies in its first two weeks.
 The Kingsmen Volume II is the second album by the rock band The Kingsmen released in 1964.
 Live at Birdand by the Toshiko - Mariano Quartet is a jazz album made from recordings taken at the Birdland Club in New York City on two separate occasions in 1960 and 1961. It was released on CD in 1991 by the European Fresh Sound label.
 Stukas Over Disneyland is an album by American punk band The Dickies originally released in 1983. It includes a cover of The Quick's Pretty Please Me and Led Zeppelin's Communication Breakdown.The cover illustrates the album's title by showing a Stuka dive bomber over the head of Mickey Mouse.
 It Hurts So Good is the second album by singer-songwriter Millie Jackson.
 Lost is the first internationally released album by Danish electro-rock band Carpark North.In 2009 Carpark North was contacted by Swedish label Mr. Radar who wanted to sign the band through Sony Music worldwide.
 Dark Roots of Thrash is a double disc live album and DVD by Testament released on October 15 2013 through Nuclear Blast. The performance was recorded at The Paramount Theatre in Huntington New York on February 15 2013.
 Reino de Tormentas (translated: Kingdom of Storms) is the debut album of Argentine Post hardcore band DENY released on September 23 2011 via Pinhead Records. It was recorded between Juni and September 2011 by Javier Casas the guitarist of Argentines´ most famous Hardcore punk band Nueva Ética at Infire Studios in Buenos Aires. Cover artwork was designed by Marina Fages a famous musician from Argentina.The album includes 11 songs.
 Sister & Brother is the full-length debut from Melky Sedeck. It features music from a variety of genres including hip-hop reggae soul and gospel.An early version of the recording was entitled Da Joint; however it only received wide distribution after the name change.
 The Addiction Tour 2006 is the first live DVD by the Italian gothic metal band Theatres des Vampires. It features ten songs recorded during the tour in 2006 and also features an interview with Sonya Scarlet as well as two music videos the band had recorded for the songs Lilith Mater Inferorum and Angel of Lust. The live songs were also released as a live album in the band's next release Desire of Damnation.
 Sumo is the debut album released by Australian band The Superjesus in February 1998.
 In Love is singer Cheryl Lynn's second studio album on Columbia Records in 1979.
 New Sacred Cow is the debut album by Kenna released in June 10 2003 by Columbia Records. Kenna created something of an underground buzz with the release of his first single Hell Bent in 2001. The album was leaked to the internet over a year before its final release as it was delayed by record company politics. Freetime was chosen as the single to lead off the release of the album. A video was shot and appeared sporadically on MTV2 along with the video for Hell Bent.
 Boys Only is the fourth and final studio album by UK band The Boys released in 1980.
 Best of KAT-TUN is the debut album by Japanese boy band KAT-TUN released in Japan on March 22 2006 by J-One Records. Despite the title it is not a greatest hits compilation album. Seven songs on the record however were part of KAT-TUN's live tour set list prior to their debut and were already familiar with longtime fans.The album was part of a tripartite release also consisting of the group's debut single and its tie-in DVD.
 Hits out of Hell is a 1984 compilation album by Meat Loaf. It includes seven Jim Steinman songs and its original release featured the hit Modern Girl off of Bad Attitude which came out at about the same time. Meat Loaf never liked that he never had any say in these compilations and numerous others soon followed in Hits out of Hell 's footsteps.
 Where It All Began is the debut studio album by American country music duo Dan + Shay. It was released on April 1 2014 via Warner Bros. Records. The album includes the single 19 You + Me.
 Joe Dirt Car is a live two CD album released in 1995 by the BoDeans. It was recorded in various places throughout Illinois and Wisconsin between 1989 and 1994 among other places.
 Parish Bar is the sixth album by American-born singer/songwriter Jeb Loy Nichols released in 2009 on the Tuition record label in the UK and the Compass record label in the US. The album is made of songs recorded in-between other projects.
 Blue Skies is the third album by Australian (English born) singer Frank Ifield released in 1964 on the Columbia label. Blue Skies reached No. 10 in the UK Albums Chart. It was also the first Frank Ifield album released by the World Record Club.
 Candycanes and Razorblades is a three song EP released by the Toledo Ohio-band Lollipop Lust Kill in 1997. It featured original versions of three songs that would become LLK standards over the next seven years. The EP was extremely limited in its release only being sold in and around Toledo shows with the last copies sold around the time of the independent release of Motel Murder Madness.
 From Memphis to Vegas/From Vegas to Memphis is the tenth studio album by Elvis Presley released in October 1969 on RCA Victor catalogue LSP 6020. Recording sessions took place at American Sound Studio in Memphis on January 13–15 and 21-22 and February 17–18 1969 and at the International Hotel in Paradise Nevada on August 24–26 1969. It peaked at number 12 on the Billboard 200 and has been certified Gold on December 13 1969 by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 Summer Sun is the tenth full-length album by Hoboken-based indie rock band Yo La Tengo released on April 8 2003. It is their 5th album released on Matador.Despite the title of the album the cover shows the band wearing winter coats. When asked about this odd juxtaposition guitarist Ira Kaplan said:
 Live Overseas is a live album by Adrian Belew recorded after the release of Side One Side Two and Side Three.
 Untitled (Scoop) is a promotional EP of exclusively instrumental songs by German electronica band The Notwist used to promote their album Neon Golden. After the success of Neon Golden subsequent re-releases of the album contained the tracks from this EP as bonus songs.
 Vitamin D is the first studio album by Canadian dubstep producer and artist Datsik released on April 10 2012 in US. The album was co-produced by various electronic music producers such as fellow Canadian dubstep producer Downlink Israeli psytrance and electronica production duo Infected Mushroom and American DJ Z-Trip. The first official single from the album is Fully Blown (featuring Snak the Ripper) which was released on January 31st.
 Silk + Steel was the second album released by 1980s arena rock band Giuffria in 1986. It was produced by Pat Glasser who was at the time also the producer of Giuffria's MCA labelmates Night Ranger. The band covered I Must Be Dreaming a Willy DeVille song that went to No. 52 on the Billboard Hot 100. The record's peak position on The Billboard 200 was No. 60 on June 21 1986.
 Rise is the third album by the duo of René & Angela and was their last for the Capitol Records label. It includes the R&B Ballad My First Love.
 Boston is the debut studio album by Boston-based American rock band Boston. Produced by Tom Scholz and John Boylan the album was released on August 25 1976 in the United States by Epic Records. Scholz had first begun playing music in the late 1960s after graduating from MIT with a master's degree which led to a senior position at Polaroid. After being involved in the Boston music scene for several years Scholz concentrated on demos recorded in his apartment basement with singer Brad Delp.
 Motian in Tokyo is a live album by Paul Motian released on the German JMT label released in 1992. The album features performances by Motian with Bill Frisell and Joe Lovano and was rereleased on the Winter & Winter label in 2003.
 A Taste for Passion is an album by French jazz fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty released in 1979. It was reissued on Atlantic Records on CD in 1990 and 1992.
 Flesh is the Law is an album by American industrial rock band Genitorturers. It was Self-produced and later re-issued with new art & extra live tracks
 Mobstability is the debut album released in 1998 by Chicago rap artists Twista and the Speedknot Mobstaz who are Liffy Stokes and Mayz. The album featured guest artists Psycho Drama Danny Boy Christopher Williams and Shock The World. The song In Your World appeared on the Dr. Dolittle soundtrack. The album has sold over 700000 copies and was certified gold by the RIAA.
 I Killed a Party Again is an EP released by Swedish singer-songwriter Jens Lekman in May 2004.
 Backstreet Boys is the self-titled international debut album from the pop group Backstreet Boys. The album was released around Europe Asia Canada and in a few other markets. It was a success becoming one of the biggest debut albums ever and contains a number of the band's most memorable singles.
 Musique pour l'Odyssée is the second album by Art Zoyd released in 1979 through Atem Records.
 Live at the BBC is a 2009 compilation album released by Slade. The first disc comprises various songs recorded for BBC sessions between 1969 to 1972 and Radio 1 jingles recorded in 1973 and 1974 while the second disc contains songs recorded live at the Paris Theatre London in August 1972.Upon release Classic Rock stated For those who regard Slade as nothing more than a ’70s hit machine Live At The BBC (Union Square) is gonna be a right old shock.
 Blessed is the debut album by Lebanese-German singer Fady Maalouf. Maalouf was a contestant in 2008 of Deutschland sucht den Superstar the German version of Pop Idol.
 Shadowdance is the first solo album by English saxophonist Chris White who had previously performed with Dire Straits Mark Knopfler and Robbie Williams.
 Jintara Poonlarp 8 is a luk thung and mor lam album by the Thai singer Jintara Poonlarp. First released on the Grammy Entertainment label it was the 8th album in her first series of recordings and her 8th original album.
 Awakening is the third full-length studio release from drummer/songwriter/producer Narada Michael Walden. It was the first of two 1979 releases for the artist and featured him (once again) writing all the songs though he co-produced each track with someone else.
 The Code Is Red...Long Live the Code is Napalm Death's twelfth studio album and was recorded at Foel Studio Llanfair Caerinion with producer Russ Russell. It was released on 25 April 2005. A music video for Silence Is Deafening directed by Roger Johansson was released later that year.Some editions of the album were released with a bonus disc that contains material from a variety of death metal bands such as Aborted.
 Kool Spice is an album released by The Pillows on July 2 1994. It is the band's first record to be released through King Records and features a blend of alternative rock and jazz. Original bassist Kenji Ueda left the band after their previous album White Incarnation for musical differences. Guest bassist Tatsuya Kashima would serve to be the supporting replacement leaving the original members as a trio band as noted by the album cover.
 Back to the River is the seventh studio album by blues musician Susan Tedeschi released October 28 2008 on Verve Forecast. Production was handled by Tedeschi herself. Upon its debut Back to the River has received favorable reviews from music critics including a four out of five star review from Allmusic. The album would peak at number one on the Billboard Top Blues Albums.
 13 Unlucky Numbers is the second album by Wax and also marks their major label debut. The recording sessions took place during the summer of 1993 at Fort Apache Studios and were produced by Paul Q. Kolderie and Sean Slade. The album spawned the singles California and Who is Next both with music videos directed by Spike Jonze who is also credited for the albums photography. Although the album lists 13 tracks it only includes 10 songs as the last three tracks are silent.
 Connie Francis sings The Songs of Les Reed is studio album recorded by U. S. Entertainer Connie Francis. It is the last album Francis recorded under her longterm contract with MGM Records which had been signed in 1955.Although not really a commercial success Francis' 1968 album Connie Francis sings Bacharach & David a portrait of the songwriting collaboration between Burt Bacharach and Hal David had received enough critical praise to repeat the concept.
 Fly! Fly! Fly! Fly! Fly! is a live album by Cecil Taylor recorded at Villingen Germany on September 14 1980 and released on the MPS label. The album features eight solo piano performances by Taylor. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states This solo album by Cecil Taylor is a little unusual in that he performs eight originals some of which are quite concise; T (Beautiful Young'n) is only 53 seconds long.
 From Then Till Now is an album released by The Big 3 a Chubby Jackson-led group in 1960 on Everest LPBR-1041 (mono) and SDBR-1041 (stereo).
 Forever is Christian indie rock band Number One Gun's self-released debut EP released August 15 2002.
 The Power of One is the soundtrack to the 1992 film of the same name. The soundtrack was composed by Hans Zimmer.
 Power Patriot is the third studio album by Garage A Trois. It is the first CD with the musician line-up that includes Stanton Moore Skerik Mike Dillon and Marco Benevento. It was released October 2009.
 Daimonion is an album by the Polish band Daimonion released on June the 15th 2007 by an independent Polish record label Love Industry. It is the official Daimonion's debut and at the same time a re-issue of the formerly self-released material circulating underground in the form of CD-R copies. It also marks the band's return to activity after a several-year break.
 Madre de Dios is Dozer's second album released March 6 2001 on Man's Ruin Records. All songs were recorded in March 2000 at the Rockhouse Studio in Borlänge Sweden except Octanoid which was recorded in August 2000. All songs were mixed and produced by Dozer with Bengt Backe.
 Share Your Love is the ninth solo studio album by country singer Kenny Rogers released in 1981. Produced by Lionel Richie it is also Rogers' his first with Liberty Records besides his Greatest Hits album. The album has sold nine million copies worldwide.
 Lonely People of the World Unite! is the first album by Devin Davis released March 15 2005. All songs were written by Devin Davis.The album's title is sung at the end of the song Giant Spiders.
 Dans mon corps is the third studio album from Québécois Rock/Pop group Les Trois Accords released October 13 2009.
 Numerous people wrote and composed music for the Sailor Moon metaseries with frequent lyrical contributions by creator Naoko Takeuchi. Takanori Arisawa who earned the Golden Disk Grand Prize from Columbia Records for his work on the first series soundtrack in 1993 composed and arranged the background musical scores including the spinoffs games and movies.
 Live @ KlangArt is the thirty-fourth album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 2001 as two separate CDs and in 2008 was the twenty-ninth and last Schulze album reissued by Revisited Records as a single album. Live @ KlangArt was released after Schulze's Silver Edition and Historic Edition 10-disc CD box sets as well as Jubilee Edition 25-disc CD box set and Contemporary Works I 10-disc CD box set technically making this album his eighty-ninth.
 Quiet Places was Buffy Sainte-Marie's ninth album and her last for Vanguard Records with whom she had had a very strained relationship ever since the financial disaster of the experimental Illuminations.
 The Sebadoh is Sebadoh's 7th full album released in 1999.The Sebadoh was the only Sebadoh album with drummer Russ Pollard.
 Incinerate is the seventh full-length album by the German thrash metal band Dew-Scented. This was Uwe Werning's last album with the band.
 Pretty Much Your Standard Ranch Stash is American singer-songwriter Michael Nesmith's sixth album of his post-Monkees career. Released in September 1973 it did not chart.Some of Shelly's Blues was written by Nesmith as a potential Monkees’ release during his ’68 Nashville sessions. That version remained unissued until the ‘90s.
 Eve to Dawn is the twenty-fourth studio album by Loudness released on September 14 2011. The album reached number 36 on the Oricon chart.In an interview guitarist Akira Takasaki described the album as more aggressive than King of Pain. Saying the previous album was focused on featuring drummer Masayuki Suzuki but that Eve to Dawn would be guitar driven.
 Journey of the Dunadan is the first studio album of the band Glass Hammer. It is a concept album based on the story of Aragorn from J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings.
 A Chip Off the Old Block is the ninth album of tunes associated with Count Basie by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine recorded for the Blue Note label and performed by Turrentine with Shirley Scott Blue Mitchell Earl May and Al Harewood with Tom McIntosh and Charles Davis added on two tracks.
 Focus is a jazz album recorded in 1961 featuring Stan Getz on tenor saxophone with a string orchestra. The album is a suite which was originally commissioned by Getz from composer and arranger Eddie Sauter. Widely regarded as a high point for both men's careers Focus was described by Getz as his favorite of all his recordings.
 Saves the Day is the eponymously eighth studio album released by Saves the Day. It was released September 17 2013 on Rory Records an imprint of Equal Vision Records created by Say Anything frontman Max Bemis. The album was well received from music critics praising the energy diversity and change in tone although opinion was more divided than previous releases from fans. It has also been nicknamed The Orange Album or Grapefruit by fans.[citation needed]
 Fire from the Sky is the seventh studio album by American heavy metal band Shadows Fall. The album was released on May 15 2012. The band released the title track as the first single on March 28 2012 and the opening track The Unknown as the second single on May 2 as well as a lyric video for the song. About a week later on May 10 the official music video for The Unknown was released through Vevo. The video features the band playing in an abandoned warehouse.
 Mother's Spiritual is the eighth studio album by New York-born singer songwriter and pianist Laura Nyro and her ninth original album in total including the 1977 live album Season of Lights.The album was released at the beginning of 1984 after a year of difficult and expensive recording sessions and came more than five years after its predecessor 1978's well-received but poor-selling Nested.
 Four Light Years was a boxed set of three studio albums by Electric Light Orchestra (ELO). It was released in 1980 by Jet Records.The box contained three albums: A New World Record (1976) the double album Out of the Blue (1977) and Discovery (1979).
 Cornucopia is an album by American jazz trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie featuring performances of popular songs recorded in 1969 and originally released on the Solid State label.
 Máire is a music album by Irish musician Máire Brennan. It was released in 1992.Recordings were made at:Castle Sound Studio Pentcaitland - (Engineer Calum Malcolm)Metropolis London
 ...And Then There Was X is the third album by American rapper DMX released December 21 1999 on Ruff Ryders Entertainment and Def Jam Recordings. In 2000 it was certified 4x Platinum and then later 5x Platinum. The album was nominated for Best Rap Album at the 2001 Grammys.
 Children is an EP by Seventh Avenue released through Megahard on 1995.
 Genius + Love = Yo La Tengo is a 2-disc compilation album by Yo La Tengo consisting of rarities alternate versions and out-takes spanning 1988 to 1995. The album was released on Matador in 1996; a Japanese version with two extra tracks appeared in 1998.The title is a pun on the 1960 Ray Charles album Genius+Soul=Jazz. (The Genius was Charles' nickname.)The first disc contains songs with vocals.
 The Big Black and the Blue is the first studio album by Swedish folk duo First Aid Kit. It was released on January 25 2010 in the UK via Wichita Recordings followed by a US release on May 25 2010.
 Beginnings is a 1973 reissue of the Allman Brothers Band's first two albums The Allman Brothers Band and Idlewild South made to capitalize on the band's popularity since those records had first come out. Beginnings also includes extensive liner notes by writer Jean-Charles Costa that gave many fans their first coherent view of the band's history as well as useful guidelines for how to tell Duane Allman's guitar parts from Dickey Betts'.
 A Carolina Jubilee is a 2003 album by The Avett Brothers. The album became difficult to find but was scheduled to be a re-released in November 2012.
 Ritual of Love is Karyn White's second album released in 1991. It contains her biggest hit Romantic as well as other R&B hits The Way I Feel About You Walkin' the Dog and Do Unto Me.
 King Tide is the fifth studio album released by Australian rock band Weddings Parties Anything. Billy Bragg provides the vocals with Mick Thomas on Island of Humour. Stalactites marks the first occasion when all members collaborated on the writing of a WPA song and it refers to a well known Melbourne restaurant.
 Weak Moments of the Shadows is a digital EP released by Tiny Vipers. It was released on Daytrotter's website. It contains live in studio versions of songs from her LP Life on Earth.
 Duplais Balance is a box set by Coil first available for preorder in November 2006 and offered for sale in mid December. The box set was produced in a limited edition of 250 [1].According to the official merchant the box set contains the following: 1 Absinthe Duplais Balance 0.5l – 60% (Label design by Peter Christopherson)2 Absinthe glasses2 Absinthe spoons1 Coil CD Animal are you?
 Gallery is a French compilation album released by American hard rock band Great White in 1999.
 Liber Dogma is the tenth full length studio album by The Black Dog released in 2011 on CD and vinyl. It was written and produced by Ken Downie Martin and Richard Dust.The album represents a radical shift toward dry minimalism where the beat is pushed to the fore served by pulsating bass lines and only a sprinkle of additional sounds for each piece.
 The Jelly Roll Joys is a studio album released by jazz pianist Dave Burrell. It was recorded in 1990 and released in 1991 by Gazell Records.
 Leaders Not Followers: Part 2 is the eleventh album by the British band Napalm Death. It contains covers of various hardcore punk and heavy metal songs. Jesse Pintado is credited but it is Mitch Harris overdubbing in the same fashion of the Order of the Leech studio album.
 Infinite is the eighth studio album by power metal band Stratovarius released on March 28 2000 through Nuclear Blast (Europe) and Victor Entertainment (Japan). It reached #1 on that year's Finnish Albums Chart and remained on that chart for nine weeks. Four bonus tracks were made available for different international editions: Why Are We Here? It's a Mystery What Can I Say? and Keep The Flame all of which were later released on the band's 2001 compilation album Intermission.
 When Will I See You Again is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released in the spring of 1975 by Columbia Records. It made its first appearance on Billboard magazine's Top LP's & Tapes chart in the issue dated April 19 1975 and remained there for 13 weeks peaking at number 99. It entered the UK album chart on July 26 1975 and reached number 13 during its 10 weeks there.
 Forgotten Prophecies is Paragon's 8th studio album released in mid-2007. Bassist Jan Bünning left the band shortly after recordings of the album were completed. The album is also the first to feature drummer Christian Gripp.
 Hits 96 is a compilation album released in 1995. As a part of the Hits compilation series it contains UK hit singles from the second half of 1995. The album reached number 1 on the UK compilations chart and was at number 1 for a total of five weeks.Following the relative success of Global Television's Hitz Blitz it was decided to revive the Hits brand full time with a double-album release.
 Toni Basil is Toni Basil's eponymous second album released in 1983 on Chrysalis Records. Despite the success of her previous album and single Mickey the album was a complete commercial failure. It failed to enter the US albums chart but did score her third and final Billboard Hot 100 entry with Over My Head (#81).
 Goodbye Blue Monday is the third album from Canadian singer-songwriter Jeremy Fisher. It was released March 11 2007 on Aquarius Records in Canada and was released on August 28 2007 in the United States.The album title is the alternate name for Kurt Vonnegut's novel Breakfast of Champions. It is also a performance venue for experimental pop artists in Bushwick Brooklyn and a coffeehouse in Northfield Minnesota.
 Punk Bites 2 is a punk rock compilation album released by Fearless Records in 1997.
 Pot of Gold is a budget-priced compilation album by the British hard rock band Rainbow released in 2002.
 Confessions Of Man is the third release from the rock group The Fifth and their first release with their new record label EMG/Universal Records. The album was originally released in 2008 under Infidel records.
 American Capitalist is the third studio album by the American Metal band Five Finger Death Punch released on October 11 2011.It is the band's first album not to feature bassist Matt Snell as he departed from the band in December 2010. The first single from the album entitled Under and Over It was released on July 27 2011. The album debuted at number three on the Billboard 200 and sold more than 90000 copies in the first week of release.
 Doyle Bramhall II' is the first studio album by the artist of the same name. It was released September 9 1996 to mixed reviews.
 Hanazakarino Kimitachihe Original Soundtrack (Chinese: 花樣少年少女 電視原聲帶; pinyin: Huāyàng Shàonián Shàonǚ Diànshì Yuánshēngdài) is the soundtrack album for the 2006 Taiwanese drama Hanazakarino Kimitachihe based on the Japanese manga Hana-Kimi starring Wu Chun and Jiro Wang of Fahrenheit; and Ella of S.H.E. It was released by HIM International Music on 1 December 2006.
 Ear to the Street is the debut album released by hip hop duo The Conscious Daughters. It was released on November 30 1993 for Scarface Records distributed by Priority Records and produced by rapper Paris. Ear to the Street was a success on the billboard charts it made it to 126 on the Billboard 200 25 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and 7 on the Top Heatseekers. Also two singles made it to the Billboard charts Somethin' To Ride To (Fonky Expedition) and We Roll Deep.
 Stone Gon' is the self-produced second album by American R&B singer Barry White released in 1973 on the 20th Century label. The album was arranged by Barry White and Gene Page.
 Heatwave is the fifth album by Belgian RIO band Univers Zero. Released in 1986 the album is a continued exploration of the Middle Eastern influences which first appeared on Uzed. The instrumentation here is more electronic than in their previous works. The album was recorded and mixed by Didier de Roos at Daylight Studio Brussels.The album is unusual among Univers Zero albums in that drummer/bandleader Daniel Denis did not write the majority of the material.
 First Harvest 1984–92 is Alphaville's first real greatest-hits compilation (the 1988 compilation The Singles Collection is generally not counted by fans consisting as it does of only four different songs albeit with two versions each). The cassette version of First Harvest omits Sensations Red Rose and Big in Japan (Culture mix).
 Inquisitors of Satan is the second album by the black metal band Deathspell Omega. It was released in 2002 by Northern Heritage Records.
 Heralding – The Fireblade is the fourth studio album by the German Viking metal band Falkenbach. This record is made up of songs originally intended to be the band's debut album Fireblade which was shelved in 1995. For the 15-year anniversary of the band the tracks were finally re-recorded (using the same session musicians as on Ok nefna tysvar Ty) and released. The LP version limited to 1000 copies was released in 2006 by No Colours Records with the first 300 in transparent clear vinyl.
 Live In Las Vegas is a live album by Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds. The recorded show was performed on December 12 2009 at the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino in Las Vegas Nevada. This album is the acoustic duo's third official release as this album follows Live at Radio City which was released on CD and DVD in 2007.
 The Age of Atlantic is the second in a series of rock music samplers released by the Atlantic label in the UK. The compilation is credited to Janet Martin.
 Whitney: The Greatest Hits is a compilation album by American singer Whitney Houston released in May 2000. The set consists of disc one with ballads and disc two with uptempo numbers and remixes. Houston's performance of The Star-Spangled Banner at Super Bowl XXV and 1988 Olympics tribute One Moment in Time are also included in the set.
 The Insidious Lie is Craig's Brother's third full length album. It was available for streaming in its entirety online at www.CraigsBrother.com on Christmas Day 2010 and then released on January 24 2011 as a digital download.
 The Mystery of Life is the 77th album by country singer Johnny Cash released in 1991 and his last for Mercury Records. It includes new recordings of two songs already associated with him from his Sun and Columbia days Hey Porter and Wanted Man. I'll Go Somewhere and Sing My Songs Again is a duet with Tom T. Hall.
 And Far Away is an album by American jazz pianist Kenny Drew recorded in 1983 and released on the Soul Note label.
 REvolution is the fourth studio album by the band Lynch Mob released in 2003. This album marks the return of vocalist Robert Mason and bassist Anthony Esposito to the band. The tracks of the album are re-worked versions of the band first two albums and Dokken songs of the George Lynch-era of the band.
 Songbook is a cover album released by Angela Aki on January 11 2012. The album contains covers of 12 popular English songs mostly translated into Japanese with some of the original English lyrics retained.
 Unborn is the tenth studio album by American death metal band Six Feet Under. The album was released on March 19 2013.It is Six Feet Under's first album to feature bassist Jeff Hughell the only one to feature guitarist Ola Englund and the last to feature guitarist Rob Arnold and drummer Kevin Talley.
 Devil Say I I Say AIR is Portugal. The Man's second EP. It was also the second release in 2006 this digital release followed the band's first full-length released on Fearless Records. This CD contains two brand new tracks a previously released track and a remix by Blake Beatz.
 Leaving All Behind is the self-released debut EP/Demo of the Power metal band Cellador.
 Quarternote subtitled The Best of Odani Misako 1996-2000 is a compilation album by Japanese singer/pianist Misako Odani released February 6 2002 on the Universal label.
 My Darkest Days is the debut album by Canadian rock band My Darkest Days released on September 21 2010. The album has sold more than 100000 copies in the US and more than 20000 in Canada. The first single Porn Star Dancing peaked at number seven on Billboard's Rock Songs chart and received a Gold certification in the United States and Platinum in Canada.
 Parts of Speech is the third studio album by Dessa a member of Minneapolis indie hip hop collective Doomtree. It was released by Doomtree Records on June 25 2013.
 Now That's What I Call Music! 77 or Now! 77 is a double-disc compilation album that was released in the United Kingdom on 22 November 2010 on CD and downloadable formats. The album is the 77th edition of the UK Now! series.
 Hand to Mouth is the second album by General Public released in 1986 (see 1986 in music).
 Afric Pepperbird is the second album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek and his first released on the ECM label performed by Garbarek's quartet featuring Terje Rypdal Arild Andersen and Jon Christensen.
 Translator is the self-titled third album from Translator released in 1985 on 415 Records and distributed by Columbia Records.In 2007 the album was released on Compact Disc for the first time by Wounded Bird Records. The CD release included two songs from a single as bonus tracks.
 At Fillmore East is the first live album by American rock band the Allman Brothers Band and their third release overall. Produced by Tom Dowd the album was released in July 1971 in the United States by Capricorn Records. As the title suggests the recording took place at New York City's Fillmore East run by concert promoter Bill Graham.
 Hallelujah He Is Born is the title of a Christmas music album by the American country music band Sawyer Brown. It was released in 1997 (see 1997 in country music) on Curb Records. The album comprises a mix of traditional and newly written Christmas songs.
 A Night at the Opera is a 2002 album by the German power metal band Blind Guardian. It is named after the 1975 Queen album of the same name which is itself named after the Marx brothers film of the same name.This album continues a stylistic change from power metal into a more progressive sound with multiple overlaid vocals choirs orchestral keys and guitar leads and less emphasis on powerful guitar riffs and heavy rhythms.
 Pear and Sister Pinecone is a double-EP released on Fall Records by Maryland-based indie folk band Page France.The label has since announced that no more of the EP set will be produced resulting in an unintentional limited release of 1000.
 You are Here is the second album released by +/-. It was the first full-length release to feature the line-up of James Baluyut Chris Deaner and Patrick Ramos. It featured a remixed and edited version of Trapped Under ice Floes from the Holding Patterns EP. With its European release in mid-2008 it became the first +/- album to be available in LP format.
 Ones and Zeros is the second full-length release by Canadian indie rock group Immaculate Machine. It is their first official release through Mint Records. Music videos were released for the songs Broken Ship and So Cynical. Six of the songs on this album were translated to French and appear on Immaculate Machine's 2006 EP Les Uns Mais Pas Les Autres.
 The Whole Story is a compilation album by the English singer Kate Bush marking a decade since Bush's beginnings in 1976.
 Symphony Masses: Ho Drakon Ho Megas is the third studio album released on April 1993 by Swedish band Therion. The album was remastered and re-released by Nuclear Blast in 2000 as part of The Early Chapters of Revelation box-set.
 500 dagar om året (500 days a year) is the 20th studio album by studio album by Swedish singer/songwriter Tomas Ledin released in June 2009.
 Sing Along to Songs You Don't Know is the fifth full-length studio album by Icelandic group múm released in August 2009.The album was first made available to purchase for download on 17 August 2009 through the web site Gogoyoko with 10 percent of the proceeds being donated to the non-governmental organisation Refugees United.
 Sunny 16 is the second of a three-EP series by Ben Folds. The EP includes one cover track Songs Of Love (written and performed originally by Neil Hannon's Divine Comedy on the 1996 album Casanova). The song Rock Star was co-written by his wife Frally Hynes-Folds.
 iSouljaBoyTellem is the second studio album by American rapper Soulja Boy. It was released on December 16 2008 on SOD Entertainment Collipark Music and Interscope Records. The album debuted at number forty-three on the US Billboard 200 chart selling 46000 copies in its first week of sales. The album received mixed to negative reviews upon release.
 El Primer Instinto is an album recorded by Mexican rock band Jaguares. The album released on October 22 2002 under the label Sony Music International.
 Beautiful Things is an EP by the New Zealand band The 3Ds released in 1993 as a 2-track 7 vinyl and a 3-track CD.
 ...undone was released in 1985 in the UK and the U.S. on A&M Records. It was The Lucy Show's debut album. The band's sound at that time was brooding and melancholic heavily influenced by—and favorably compared to – The Cure Comsat Angels and Joy Division. The album contains what are generally considered The Lucy Show's two best songs Ephemeral (This is no Heaven) and Undone.
 Ominous From The Cosmic Inferno is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & The Cosmic Inferno released in 2007 by Brazilian label Essence Music. The album was limited to 1000 copies and come packaged in a miniature gatefold LP sleeve with pop-up artwork.
 Mere Contemplations is the third album by extreme metal band Enslavement of Beauty from Norway. The album was released in 2007 by INRI Unlimited. All music composed by Tony Eugene Tunheim all lyrics written by Ole Alexander Myrholt except for parts of X and Moments from the poem X. In a Library by Emily Dickinson.
 The Metal Years is the fourth album by London released in 2008. It is actually a live recorded session that took place in 1989 right after their appearance in The Decline of Western Civilization Part II: The Metal Years.The vinyl version of this album is a limited edition with only 200 copies made.
 Jacksonville City Nights is the seventh studio album by American alternative country singer-songwriter Ryan Adams released on September 27 2005 on Lost Highway. The album is Adams' second with The Cardinals and the second in a trilogy of albums released in a seven-month timespan during 2005. By 2007 the album had sold 100000 copies in the United States and 158000 worldwide. The album was recorded live in the studio without overdubs.
 Pebbles Volume 22 is a compilation album among the LPs in the Pebbles series.
 Filthy Empire is the debut studio album by British hard rock band Heaven's Basement. The album which was released on 4 February 2013 after initially being scheduled for a January release was produced by the American musician and producer John Feldmann. Filthy Empire was released on record label Red Bull Records with whom the band signed in late 2011.
 The Best of Irish Piping is a two CD boxset incorporating The Pure Drop and The Fox Chase albums by Seamus Ennis. Liam O'Flynn wrote the sleevenotes.
 Un-Sentimental is the third album by Beowülf released in 1993. It is the only official Beowülf album to be released under the band name BWF. This album marked a change for the band drifting more to bluesy rock and abandoning from their classic hardcore thrash style.
 I'll help You Forget Her is the name of a Country music album by Dottie West released in 1967.This is one of West's more successful albums. The album sold quite well and reached No. 11 on the Top Country Albums chart in 1967. The album only spawned one single however which was Like a Fool. The single was successful also reaching No. 13 on the Billboard Country music charts that same year. This was one of West's many albums with legendary RCA producer Chet Atkins.
 Sounds Like Life is American country music singer Darryl Worley's fifth studio album. It was released on June 9 2009 by the Stroudavarious label. The first single Tequila on Ice peaked at #44 in 2008 and the second single Sounds Like Life to Me became his first Top 40 country hit since I Just Came Back from a War in 2007. Worley co-wrote eight of the songs on this album.
 Dead Letters is the 2003 album by Finnish alternative rock band The Rasmus. It was released in 2004 in the US UK and Australia. Their previous album Into had seen some success in some parts of Europe particularly Scandinavia and Germany but Dead Letters signified the band's major break-through. The album received 8 Gold and 6 Platinum music certification awards.
 Greatest Hits is the first compilation album by the British R&B girl group Eternal released in October 1997. The album contains their fourteen consecutive Top 15 hit singles which at the time was an unprecedented record for a British girl group.
 Greatest Hits is a DVD by A.B. Quintanilla Y Los Kumbia Kings. It was released on September 18 2007.
 Accept is the self-titled debut album released by German heavy metal band Accept. It was recorded in 1978 and released in early 1979 on the German label Brain Records. Drums on the record are played by Frank Friedrich but he chose not to pursue a professional music career and so his place was taken by Stefan Kaufmann just prior to the album's release.
 Streetz Got Luv 4 Me' is the second album by rapper Mr. Marcelo. It was released July 10 2001 through Tuff Guys Entertainment.
 Living in Neon is British Synthpop band Spray's first full length album.
 Azumanga Daioh soundtracks include two original soundtracks to the Azumanga Daioh anime-adaptation tribute albums and a collection of character image songs. Several soundtrack albums for the anime of Azumanga Daioh were released by Lantis including two volumes of the Azumanga Daioh Original Soundtrack collecting the show's score and themes; two tribute albums; and Vocal Collection collecting character image songs.
 Non Zero Sumness is the debut album released by Planet Funk.It has been also released a limited edition version of the album called Non Zero Sumness Plus Onecontaining the Bonus Track One Step Closer sung by Jim Kerr which is a vocal version of the instrumental Where is the Max.Track 11 has a hidden track entitled Rosa Blu which begins at the 7:05 marker.
 Torcha! is the 3rd studio album by the Finnish avant-garde progressive metal band Waltari.
 In Tune is a 1971 studio album by Oscar Peterson accompanied by The Singers Unlimited.
 Hallelujah! I'm A Bum is the seventh studio album by Chicago-based rock band Local H. Interviews with the band have revealed that it is a concept album based on politics in the United States. Although the album was completed in spring of 2012 the band chose to release it in September as to be closer to the 2012 Presidential Election.
 McFadden & Whitehead is the debut album of the R&B duo of the same name. The album peaked at #5 on the R&B charts and #23 on the Billboard 200. The lead single Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now peaked topped the R&B charts was #10 on the disco charts and peaked at #13 on the Hot 100. The song I've Been Pushed Aside peaked at #73 R&B.
 Danzig II: Lucifuge is the second album by American heavy metal band Danzig. It was released in 1990 on Def American Recordings and was reissued in the USA and UK in 1998 by Def American's successor American Recordings.
 Sing a Song of Wiggles is the 32nd album released by the Australian children's music group The Wiggles.
 10th Anniversary Live is a live performance DVD celebrating the 10th anniversary of the Viking/folk metal band Ensiferum. It was filmed on New Year's Eve 2005 at the music hall Nosturi in Helsinki Finland.
 Ma is the sixth studio album by rock band Rare Earth which was released in 1973.
 Lolita Nation is the fourth official album by Game Theory a California power pop band fronted by guitarist and singer-songwriter Scott Miller. Originally released in 1987 as a double LP it is often considered to be the group's most critically acclaimed work.
 Siento is the 24th Studio album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge. It was released in 1999. This album returned the singer to her usual strong ballads along with producer Ricardo Eddy one of the producers of Vivencias. It includes the radio hit Dime. The album earned Gold status and is currently out of print. The sales exceed 50.000 copies.
 Nan Madol is an album by Finnish avant-garde jazz composer bandleader and drummer Edward Vesala originally released on the JAPO label in 1974 and re-released on the ECM label in 1976.
 Today Tomorrow and Forever is a 2002 Elvis Presley compilation album released by RCA Records. The album features songs from the early years of Presley on Sun Records to his movie career 68' Comeback Special Gospel Vegas and later years. As indicated on the packaging none of the tracks in this four-CD set had ever been released previously as all tracks featured were either alternate studio takes or previously unreleased live performances.
 Kuidas kuningas Kuu peale kippus (How the king wanted to go to the Moon) is an album released in 2004 by No-Big-Silence and Kosmikud.The singles are Kuninga imekanad Sepa kahurikuul and Tisleri kastitorn.This album is based on the 1976 TV musical (Kuidas kuningas kuu peale kippus) by Peeter Volkonski and Dagmar Normet. Now 28 years later Kosmikud and No-Big-Silence give the songs new energy. The original arrangement was done by an Estonian rock band Ruja (1971-1988).
 Hamas Arc is a studio album by Muslimgauze. It was originally released in 1993 and was repressed in 1999 and again in 2003. Included with the CD was an insert that could along with a blank digital audio tape (DAT) and six international reply coupons (IRC) be redeemed for a copy of the DAT-only release Satyajit Eye.
 Experiments in Expectation was the final full-length release album by Seattle-based band Kill Sadie. It was released on Dim Mak Records in 2001. Band Photography by Shawn Brackbill.
 aMOTION is a DVD–CD set released by American rock band A Perfect Circle on November 16 2004 only two weeks after the debut of the band's last album eMOTIVe. The DVD consists of music videos for singles such as Judith 3 Libras and Weak and Powerless as well as previously unreleased videos for singles such as Blue and Thinking of You. The CD is composed entirely of remixes of the singles from Mer de Noms and Thirteenth Step.
 Herman Brood & His Wild Romance is a compilation album by Dutch rock and roll and blues group Herman Brood & His Wild Romance. Released only in the United States it featured songs from their first two studio albums Street and Shpritsz. The album was a moderate success reaching #122 on the Billboard chart for pop albums. As a result Brood sought to open up the American market recording the follow-up Go Nutz in the US.
 Another Star in the Sky is an album released by David Arkenstone. It was released in 1994 on the Narada label. It was a groundbreaking album because up until this point a lot of new age music didn't have lyrics or even vocals. David was able to create an album that successfully combined the style of new age music with lyrics to match. The CD release was also one of the first CD Album releases to be mixed for Dolby ProLogic 5.1 surround sound.
 Oh Perilous World the sixth full-length studio album from cello rock trio Rasputina was performed by the band's creator cellist/lead singer Melora Creager and drummer Jonathon TeBeest with second chair Sarah Bowman contributing additional vocals. It is a concept album and was released by the Filthy Bonnet Recording Co. with distribution through Rykodisc.
 Inspiral Carpets Greatest Hits is a compilation album by British band Inspiral Carpets. It was released by Mute Records in the latter part of 2003 and is essentially the first CD from the Cool As box set issued earlier that same year.
 Angels Embrace is the eighth solo album by Yes lead singer Jon Anderson released in 1995.
 03 is a Studio Album released by Urban Zakapa. The lead single is Walk Backwards(Hangul: 거꾸로 걷는다) Korean actress Yoon Seung-ah featured the music video. The bonus track only on CD edition (Hangul: 그냥 조금) appears on Korean TV Drama Nine: Nine Time Travels as 4th soundtrack.
 Whoo Hoo! Wiggly Gremlins! is the 17th album an Australian children's music group The Wiggles. It was released in 2003. The album was nominated for the Best Children's Album ARIA along with Go To Sleep Jeff but lost to Hi-5 Celebrate.
 Aporias: Requia for Piano and Orchestra is an album of contemporary classical music by American composer and saxophonist/multi-instrumentalist John Zorn performed by Stephen Drury the Hungarian Radio Childrens Choir and the American Composers Orchestra.
 Having a Moment self-released in 2003 saw the original Shriekback trio of Barry Andrews Carl Marsh and Dave Allen return to the studio with longtime collaborators Martyn Barker and Lu Edmonds. Also present is Andrews' son Finn.Note that Baby Lions is a different song than Baby Lion from Naked Apes and Pond Life.
 Living in the City is a live album by the progressive bluegrass band Northern Lights. After departure of Jake Armerding the band plays as quartet with guest fiddler Vassar Clements. This would be the lasts album for Taylor Armerding the only founding member of the group.
 What Price Paradise is the fourth studio album by English new wave group China Crisis. It was released on CD LP and Cassette in 1986. The CD version featured one bonus track: Trading in Gold originally released on the B-side of the Arizona Sky single.
 Jim Gaffigan: Mr. Universe is the eighth album released by American stand-up comedian Jim Gaffigan. The album was self-released on the comedian's website for $5.00 following previously successful $5.00 experiments done by comedians such as Louis C.K. and Aziz Ansari. One dollar in every five dollars used to purchase the album will be donated to The Bob Woodruff Foundation helping veterans and their families.In December 2012 the album was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album.
 End of Silence is the 3rd studio album by the German progressive metal band Dreamscape.
 The Toiling of Idle Hands is the 2003 moniker-free solo release from John Tejada.
 One Day Closer is the ninth studio album (eleventh total album) released by singer/songwriter Jonathan Edwards and features many ballads and love songs.
 Conspiracy is a name of a concept album by King Diamond being the second part of a story that begun on the album Them. It was released in 1989. The song Cremation appears in the 2009 video game game Brütal Legend.Conspiracy was the last album to feature original drummer Mikkey Dee (however he was only a studio musician at that time).
 Hard For Measy For You is an album by the American indie band Guv'ner. It was released by Ecstatic Peace! in the US and Wiiija Records in the UK in 1994. Drumming duties on the album were shared by Brian Logan (plays on No Big Deal Bridge Under Water and Making Headlines) and Jamie Lawrence (Red Velvet Chair Go To Sleep and Wild Couple).
 Dick's Picks Volume 14 is the 14th live album in the Dick's Picks series of releases by the Grateful Dead. It was recorded on November 30 and December 2 1973 at Boston Music Hall in Boston Massachusetts. Volume 14 was the last of the Dick’s Picks series to be released during the lifetime of the series’s namesake tape archivist Dick Latvala.
 Bow Down to the Exit Sign is an album by David Holmes featuring contributions from Bobby Gillespie Sean Gullette Jon Spencer Martina Topley-Bird and Carl Hancock Rux.
 Home Cookin' is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded in 1958 and 1959 and released on the Blue Note label. The album was rereleased on CD with five bonus tracks.
 Snow Borne Sorrow is an album by Nine Horses released in October 2005. Nine Horses is a collaboration between David Sylvian Steve Jansen and Burnt Friedman. Other contributors include Norwegian trumpeter and Supersilent member Arve Henriksen Swedish vocalist Stina Nordenstam and Ryuichi Sakamoto on piano.
 World of Sin is the debut album by German heavy metal band Paragon released in 1995.
 ACD was the first CD from Half Man Half Biscuit.
 We Don't Belong Here is Violent Soho's first studio album released on June 7 2008 on the Magic Dirt imprint Emergency Music. Many of the tracks on the album were remastered and re-written for Violent Soho's self-titled album which is considered by many to be the band's first proper album.
 Where I Wanna Be is the second studio album by R&B singer Donell Jones released by LaFace Records on October 12 1999 in North America. Where I Wanna Be is his most successful album to date having gone platinum. The album is the follow-up to his critically acclaimed debut album My Heart (1996). The album featured three hit singles the worldwide hit U Know What's Up Donell's biggest hit single to date peaking inside the top 10 in the Billboard Hot 100 and a massive #2 hit in the UK.
 THX JHN is the third studio album by Johan released on May 22 2006. The previous album Pergola was released five years earlier. Like all Johan albums it is released on the Excelsior Recordings label.
 Amarantine is an album by Irish musician Enya. The album was released on 22 November 2005. It won the Grammy Award for Best New Age Album for 2007 and is the third top selling new age album of the 2000s in the US according to Nielsen SoundScan.The release date was announced by Roma Ryan on 23 September 2005 at the official Enya forum.
 Ich kann den anderen in deinen Augen sehen (I Can See the Other One In Your Eyes) is the thirteenth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. This was the first Flippers' album that did not feature the members of the group on the album cover.The single Maria LaCatalania became their most successful single for many years and was successful on some radio charts like the SDR1 Hitparade.The song Monika is very similar to Monja by Roland B.
 Magnetic Flip is the debut album of the American Avant-rock band Birdsongs of the Mesozoic released in 1984 through Ace of Hearts Records.
 Rebel Heart is the third album released by Dan Seals as a solo artist and his first for Liberty Records. This was also his first album to appear on the charts reaching #40 on the Top Country Albums chart. He achieved his first top ten single with the song God Must Be a Cowboy. The other singles released from the album were Everybody's Dream Girl (#18) After You (#28) and You Really Go for the Heart (#37).
 Lost in a Dream is a live album by jazz drummer Paul Motian recorded at the Village Vanguard in 2009 and released on the ECM label.
 Smofe + Smang: Live in Minneapolis is a live album by Mike Doughty recorded at the Woman's Club Theater in Minneapolis on February 27 2002. It was his second solo release and was only available in a limited edition of 2500.Now out of print copies of the original CD have sold on eBay for as much as $200.
 Tweedles is a concept album by The Residents released on October 31 2006. The CD is accompanied by a two-part book: the first half consists of the album's spoken lines and the second half contains the lyrics of the songs.It was recorded in 2006 when The Residents were invited by a friend in Romania to try out his new recording studios.
 Yesterday and Today is the ninth Capitol Records album release by the Beatles and the eleventh overall American release. It was issued only in the United States Canada and in the 1970s Japan. The album is remembered primarily for the controversy surrounding its original cover image the butcher cover featuring the band dressed in white smocks and covered with decapitated baby dolls and pieces of meat.
 Loud and Clear is the first album of the glam metal band Buster Brown.After this album drummer Bob Koestel was replaced by drummer James Kottak.
 Destination Moon is the fourth album by Canadian R&B singer Deborah Cox released in June 2007 by Decca Records. It also pays tribute to legendary jazz singer Dinah Washington and Cox calls it a concept album that I've had in mind for years. Many of Washington's songs are reinterpreted on the album including the title track Destination Moon.
 Best of British is the third solo album by British keyboardist Ian McLagan his first in nearly twenty years.
 Gods Hand is an album by Axe Murder Boyz. Released in 2008 it is the first of two albums that Canonize released in association with Hatchet House before AMB left the label in 2011. The album peaked at #11 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart and #36 on the Top Independent Albums chart.
 Stamina Daddy is the debut album by Jamaican dancehall reggae artist Buju Banton released in Jamaica only during 1992 (see 1992 in music). It was later repackaged as Quick.
 Sessions From Room 4 is an EP released by the band Population 1 led by ex-Extreme/DramaGods guitarist Nuno Bettencourt.
 Rare Genius: The Undiscovered Masters is a posthumously created album that remixes previously unreleased Ray Charles studio recordings and demos made in the 1970s '80s and '90s together with some contemporary instrumental and backing vocal parts.
 Black Tiger is the fourth studio album by American hard rock/heavy metal band Y&T released in 1982 through A&M Records. It was recorded at Ridge Farm in Dorking County of Surrey England and produced by Max Norman.
 Skylarkin' is a 1980 album by jazz saxophonist Grover Washington Jr.
 Flashlight Seasons is an album by the British band Gravenhurst.
 The Bens (EP) is the only release by the trio The Bens consisting of Ben Folds Ben Lee and Ben Kweller for the Bens Rock Over Australia tour in 2003. Released in 2003 the 3500 original pressings were only available at concerts but quickly sold out. It was some months later re-released on Internet stores. Just Pretend was voted number 52 in the Triple J Hottest 100 2003.
 Panoramic is the second studio album from Arizona post-grunge band 32 Leaves. An alternate version of Way Beyond had been released on December 17 2007 to iTunes and other digital retailers. The new alternate version of All Is Numb released around the same time did not make the cut.
 Ballast der Republik is a 2012 album by the German punk band Die Toten Hosen. It was their first studio album since 2008's In aller Stille.
 It Don't Bother Me is the second album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch released in December 1965. The album was produced by Nathan Joseph and Bill Leader although Leader was left uncredited.The album features nine songs composed by Jansch one by Alex Campbell (“So Long (Been on the Road So Long)”) and the traditional “900 Miles”. For this last Jansch accompanies himself on the banjo rather than the steel-string acoustic guitar which he uses elsewhere.
 Shock Value is the second solo studio album and fifth album overall by record producer and rapper Timbaland. It is Timbaland's first release on his own imprint the Interscope Records-distributed Mosley Music Group. Shock Value features a long list of guest artists among them Fall Out Boy Justin Timberlake The Hives Keri Hilson Nelly Furtado Missy Elliott 50 Cent Tony Yayo Dr. Dre OneRepublic Elton John Magoo and Nicole Scherzinger.
 Ayrton Senna EP is the self-produced second extended play by Spanish alternative dance band Delorean released in 2009 by Mushroom Pillow. Fool House distributed it worldwide. The title is named for the famous Brazilian Formula 1 driver. The EP received positive reviews from critics.
 Hymns EP is the fourth album by Anathallo released in 2004 on Selah Records.It features traditional hymns covered by the band adapted to their unique style. The band printed only a limited number of copies of the album with all proceeds going to a local homeless mission. Recently the full album was put online for free download with the band's permission.[1]
 Parels (English: Pearls) is the very first album by the Flemish girlgroup K3. It was released on October 4 1999 through label Capetown / Wivani. The album reached the 2nd position in the Flemish albums chart.
 The Anthem is a studio album from Swedish singer and former Idol contestant Darin. It was his first commercial release following the independent release of his previous album Darin Zanyar in 2002. The album features two top 10 singles including the number one single 'Money For Nothing'. Also included on the album is the song 'Coming True' which was recorded by Darin to be released as a single should he have won the Idol contest but as he came second the song was included as a bonus track.
 The Best of Rainbow is the first compilation album from British hard rock group Rainbow released in 1981.It featured only previously released studio cuts taken from the five studio LPs released at that point. However Jealous Lover the first song written by Blackmore and Turner had been available only as a B-side in Europe (to Can't Happen Here) and on the Jealous Lover EP in the USA.The original vinyl-release was a 2LP set in a gatefold-sleeve and reached No.
 Live is the title of a live album by the glam metal band Kix. It was released in 1993 on Atlantic Records.
 My Choice (also known as Greatest Hits) is the first compilation album of South Korean boy band Shinhwa. It was released on 31 January 2002 by Good Entertainment. The album features eleven previously released songs from their debut album Resolver in 1998 to their fourth album Hey Come On! in 2001 four new and one remix tracks. It was met with moderate success selling 183098 copies.
 Let's Do It Now is the third album of dance artist Haddaway which includes the three singles What About Me Who Do You Love and You're Taking My Heart. The record was released on December 28 1998 by BMG.
 Lowedges is the third studio album from musician Richard Hawley. It was released in the UK in February 2003 by Setanta Records. It is named after a district in Hawley's home city of Sheffield.
 Don't Set Your Dogs on Me is a studio album by Polish rock band Coma released on 8 February 2013. The album is distributed in Poland through Mystic Production and worldwide through German label earMUSIC/Edel. The album was produced by Tomasz Zalewski.
 Atavist is the fifth full-length studio album by American metal band Otep. The album was released on 26 April 2011 through Victory Records.On March 8 Otep Shamaya shared the track titles Atom to Adam Blood of Saints Remember to Forget and We Dream Like Lions via Facebook and Twitter.On March 15 Otep Shamaya shared the track title Not to Touch the Earth via Twitter at 8PM PST.
 Private Parts and Pieces is the third solo album from guitarist Anthony Phillips. Unlike his previous releases this one was assembled as a collection of instrumental music rather than as an explicit attempt at a commercial album. It was first released in the U.S. in November 1978. The April 1979 UK release was a limited edition sold with the first 5000 copies of Sides.
 Take Apart The Words is the debut EP by Philadelphia emo/indie rock band Breaking Pangaea. It was released in 2000 on Undecided Records.
 Non-Fiction is Bob Bennett's third release.
 1984 (For the Love of Big Brother) is a soundtrack album by Eurythmics their fourth studio album overall containing music recorded by the duo for director Michael Radford's 1984 film Nineteen Eighty-Four the colour remake film version of George Orwell's classic dystopian novel of the same name. Virgin Films produced the film for release in its namesake year and commissioned Eurythmics to write a soundtrack.
 Let There Be Country is an album by country singer Marty Stuart. Although it was Stuart's eighth studio album to be released it was actually the fourth album he recorded (the album was cut between Marty Stuart and Hillbilly Rock). Let There Be Country was recorded in 1988 but Columbia Records refused to release it.
 Jatra Shuru or Yatra Shuru is the debut album (released in 2000) of Bhoomi a Bengali band based in Kolkata India.
 This is a live album recorded at the three day Garage concerts in London and released exclusively on CD.Cardiacs only played songs that predated 1984 some of which hadn't been heard for many years. The track Gloomy News had never been recorded before and is available here for the first time.
 Sabrina is the debut studio album by Italian pop singer Sabrina. It was released in 1987.
 Raveendra Geethangal is a 2005 studio album composed by Malayalam Film Music director Raveendran.
 También Yo (English: So am I or So do I) is the first studio album by the Mexican pop singer Daniela Romo. It was released in 1979 and re-issued in 1985. All of the songs were composed by Lolita de la Colina and arrangements and direction were by Chucho Ferrer.
 Raise Your Fist in the Air is an EP by German hard rock and heavy metal artist Doro. It was released through Nuclear Blast on 3 August 2012.
 War Without End is the debut album released by the American thrash metal band Warbringer on February 5 2008 via Century Media Records.
 No Going Back is the tenth studio album by punk band Stiff Little Fingers and will be released on CD Vinyl and Digital Download on March 15 2014. The album is the band's first studio release in eleven years since 2003's Guitar and Drum.
 Swallow the Cure is the title of an independent release as well as a demo by Long Beach California based groove metal band Droid. The independent recording was released in 2003 while the Emotional Syphon demo was released on the 2006 Family Values Tour. The only track on the demo that was not re-recorded for the debut album was Price of Honor.
 Nine-Thirty is the tenth album by Jandek and one of two released in 1985 and was released as Corwood 0748. It was reissued on CD in 2001.
 Love Story is the upcoming second studio album by American rapper Yelawolf scheduled to be released on May 20 2014 by Slumerican Shady Records and Interscope Records. The album was described by Yelawolf as a more passionate album than his debut album. The album's recording process took place primarily in Nashville Tennessee from 2012 to January 2014. Record production was handled by Malay WillPower and DJ Paul among others. It was supported by the single Box Chevy V.
 Tall Man is a compilation album and 61st overall album by American country singer Johnny Cash released on Bear Family Records in 1979 (see 1979 in music). Like the preceding two Bear Family Cash releases it consists of rarities and unreleased songs. Besser So Jenny-Jo and Kleine Rosemarie were recorded in German for that audience. Tall Men is from the soundtrack to the 1961 film Cindy. Pick a Bale of Cotton and Hammers and Nails were previously released as singles.
 Superstition is the 10th studio album by Siouxsie and the Banshees released in 1991. The first single Kiss Them for Me gave the band its first top 40 Billboard Hot 100 hit in the United States peaking at number 23 with the album peaking at number 65 on the Billboard 200 chart. The band widened their musical influences with the arrival of Indian musician Talvin Singh who was asked to play tablas on the songs Kiss Them for Me and Silver Waterfalls.
 Greetings from Timbuk3 was the debut album from Timbuk3. The album contains their only charting single The Future's So Bright I Gotta Wear Shades.
 Zen is a 1995 album recorded by French pop singer Zazie. It was her second studio album and was released on 7 January 1995. The album achieved success in francophone countries and provided five singles (two of them were only released as promotional singles): Larsen (#38 in France) Zen (#23 in France) and Un point c'est toi (#24 in France).
 Squirrelz With Gunz is a compilation of tracks produced by Chemo released July 2007. It is the first Solo release by Chemo.
 America is the sixth album by rapper Kurtis Blow released in 1985 (see 1985 in music). The album includes the song If I Ruled the World from the movie Krush Groove Blow's only hit since The Breaks and the last of his musical career. The album was released in an era when old school hip-hop was being overtaken by younger musicians but the album nevertheless spawned Blow's biggest UK hit single with If I Ruled the World which reached number 24 in the UK Singles Chart in January 1986.
 Pink is the sixth album by Four Tet released on 20 August 2012. The album primarily comprises tracks that had already been issued as 12-inch singles; only Lion and Peace for Earth were previously unreleased.Pink reached number 74 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Torture Tactics is an EP recorded by the San Francisco Bay Area thrash metal band Vio-lence in 1991. It was released originally on Megaforce Records and the studio tracks are old songs from the demo times of Vio-lence.Vio-lence released the EP Torture Tactics on a different label in response to the deletion of the title track from their first two albums. Officer Nice (live) was a fake live track. The live intro is taken from Vio-lence's Hallendale FL show from August 1988.
 This Never Ending Now an album by English post-punk band The Chameleons released on 1 September 2002 through record label Paradiso. It consists of acoustic reworkings of songs from their early albums and singles as well as featuring a cover of David Bowie's Moonage Daydream.
 And So I Watch You From Afar is the self-titled first studio album from the Irish instrumental band And So I Watch You From Afar released in April 2009.
 Where I Wanna Be is the first album by Cravin' Melon released in 1995.
 La Nave Del Olvido (The ship of oblivion) is the title of the studio album released by Mexican singer José José in 1970.The most popular songs were La nave del olvido Nadie simplemente nadie and Del altar a la tumba in what proved to be one of the richest productions of José José combining the talent of composers such as Armando Manzanero Rubén Fuentes Dino Ramos and Nacho González among others.
 The Gathering is the title of a studio album released by the Caribbean Jazz Project on June 11 2002. Dave Samuels Dave Valentin and Paquito D'Rivera are the main performers on the album which was awarded with a Grammy Award for Best Latin Jazz Album.
 Lovers is the first album by the Australian band The Sleepy Jackson. The album entered the ARIA Album charts at #21 the UK Album Charts at #69 and the French Album Charts at #117.The album was a minor commercial success selling around 100000 copies worldwide. In October 2010 Lovers was listed in the book 100 Best Australian Albums.
 From the Moon to the Sun is the fourth solo album by American rock artist Kip Winger. The album was released in 2008.
 Primordial Domination is the seventh studio album by the American death metal band Incantation. The album was released in 2006.
 Summer Hits No. 1 is a greatest hits album by pop punk band The Queers performed by a new line-up. Cover art by Takayuki Hashimoto.
 Mer Mar is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow and the Norwegian noise musician Lasse Marhaug. Although the pair have frequently worked together since the mid-90s this is their first recording as a duo.
 Bang! Zoom is a 1995 studio album by American vocalist Bobby McFerrin released by Blue Note Records.The album reached number 10 on Billboard's Top Contemporary Jazz Albums chart.
 Days Of Wonder — Live 1976 is a Live Album by the British melodic rock band Magnum. It was released in 2000 by Zoom Club.This album was recorded at The Railway Inn in Birmingham in 1976. It represents one of the first shows by Magnum with original material much of which was not released until Kingdom Of Madness in 1978 and Magnum II in 1979. Although most of their first album Kingdom Of Madness was finished it was not released until 1978.
 Radio JXL: A Broadcast from the Computer Hell Cabin is the third studio album by Dutch electronic music producer Junkie XL. Released in 2003 the double album features collaborations with a number of other artists. The songs on the first disc (3PM) are generally short and vocally-driven much like modern pop though many of them have the strong beat and fast tempo characteristic of dance music. The second disc (3AM) consists mostly of progressive house songs.
 I Can't Be New is the sixth album by American singer-songwriter Susan Werner released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).
 IV is the fourth studio album from reggae band The Aggrolites. It is the band's third album for Hellcat Records.Prior to the album's release the band posted The Sufferer on their Myspace page. It's Gonna Be OK was also included on the ANTI- Sampler 2009 which was posted on Amazon.com for free download.
 The Beyoncé Experience Live is a live DVD by American R&B recording artist Beyoncé released by Columbia Records on November 20 2007. It was shot at the Staples Center Los Angeles California on September 2 2007 during her worldwide tour The Beyoncé Experience. It features guest appearances from rapper Jay-Z on Upgrade U and former Destiny's Child mates Michelle Williams and Kelly Rowland on Survivor.
 Soul People is an album by American saxophonists Sonny Stitt and Booker Ervin and organist Don Patterson. Just like his previous Soul Shack Soul People features heavily blues-drenched jazz. The original album was recorded in 1964 and issued on Prestige in early 1965. In 1993 it was reissued on CD by Prestige featuring three additional tracks.
 Bathory is the debut studio album by Swedish extreme metal band Bathory. It was released in October 1984 through Tyfon Grammofon. It is deemed by many fans and critics to be the first black metal record.
 In Praise of More is the third full length studio album by British shoegazing band Engineers released on September 27 2010 through the Kscope label.
 What Burns Never Returns is the third album by Don Caballero a Pittsburgh-based math rock band. What Burns Never Returns was released on Touch and Go Records in 1998 and was a reunion of sorts for the band—it was their first album after a two-year hiatus and it marked the return of original bassist Pat Morris.The album is notable for guitarist Ian Williams' first significant experimentation with pedals and other electronic effects.
 Into Motion is the second album released by Salvador. The album reached 198 on the Billboard top 200.
 Warszawa (also known as Transmission 2.1) is a live album by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree first released in February 2004. It was recorded from a broadcast for a Polish Radio Program III in Agnieszka Osiecka Studio on 6 April 2001.
 Institutionalized Volume 2 is Ras Kass's fourth studio album commercially released by Babygrande Records but technically/officially his seventh record since his first LP.
 Late Night Tales: Bonobo is a mix album compiled by British musician Bonobo released on 17 November 2013 as part of the Late Night Tales series. The mix includes tracks from artists such as Nina Simone Lapalux Bill Evans The Invisible and Dorothy Ashby. It also features an exclusive Bonobo cover version of Donovan’s Get Thy Bearings.
 Swinelords is the third and final full-length album by Twilightning released May 7 2007 on the label Spinefarm Records.
 The Black Carpet is an album by Nicky Jam released on December 11 2007. The first single of the album is Gas Pela featuring R.K.M and produced by Monserrate & DJ Urba. The second single is Ton Ton Ton featuring R.K.M & Ken-Y and produced by Mambo Kingz.
 I'd Rather Suck My Thumb is the fourth album by American blues guitarist Mel Brown recorded in 1969 for the Impulse! label.
 Antología (English Anthology) is the 3rd compilation album by Mexican pop singer Mijares.
 Shaft is an album led by jazz drummer Bernard Purdie which was recorded for the Prestige label in 1971.
 Glow is the debut studio album by German record producer Tensnake. It was released on 3 March 2014 in the United States and 10 March 2014 in the United Kingdom. The album features collaborations with Fiora Jacques Lu Cont MNEK and Nile Rodgers among others.
 Civilización (Civilization) is the ninth and last album by Argentine rock band Los Piojos released in 2007.
 Clearing the Channel is Sinch's follow-up to their 2002 self-titled album. The band signed up with independent rock label Rock Ridge Music for this release after their contract with Roadrunner Records wasn't renewed.
 Everything's Coming Up Love is a 1976 album from Temptations singer David Ruffin.
 Last Train to Paris is the fifth studio album by American rapper and producer Diddy released on December 13 2010 through Bad Boy Records (Interscope). The album follows Diddy's alter-ego as he travels from London to Paris to regain a lost love. It also introduces the world to Diddy's R&B/Hip-Hop collective Diddy – Dirty Money a group consisting of Dawn Richards (formerly of Danity Kane) and singer-songwriter Kalenna Harper.
 Live on Blueberry Hill (also known as Blueberry Hill) is a bootleg recording of the English rock group Led Zeppelin's performance at the Los Angeles Forum on September 4 1970 which took place during their summer 1970 North American Tour.The audience recording is one of the first Led Zeppelin bootlegs and one of the first rock and roll bootlegs ever released. It was released on the Blimp label. The album was subsequently pressed on the Trade Mark of Quality label and shipped to England.
 Side 3 (2010) is a remix demos and alternate-takes album of Circulatory System's 2009 release Signal Morning. The limited release 12 album came with the deluxe package of Signal Morning.The covers for the album were handmade and individually stencil spray-painted with the number 3 on top of the original Signal Morning album cover. The inlay has the words Circulatory System stenciled. It was released in various colors and variations of layout designed by Will Cullen Hart.
 Retro-active is a compilation album by former Yugoslav and Serbian glam metal band Karizma. Album features remastered all of the songs from their second studio album U snovima a new version of Vrati se (a song which was originally released on their first studio album Vreme je za nas) and the song Ludnica which was recorded in 1994 but was previously unreleased.
 Zombie Heaven is a 1997 four-disc box set comprising roughly the entire catalog of British invasion band The Zombies. The first disc comprises their debut Begin Here and assorted singles. The second disc features their sophomore effort Odessey and Oracle and the unreleased album R.I.P..
 Raindancing is the second studio album by singer/songwriter Alison Moyet. The album includes four single releases; Is This Love? (co-written by the Eurythmics' David A. Stewart under his 'Jean/Manu Guiot' pseudonym) Weak in the Presence of Beauty Ordinary Girl and Sleep Like Breathing a duet with David Freeman of the band The Lover Speaks.
 Ayu-mi-x 6: Gold is a remix album released by Japanese pop singer Ayumi Hamasaki on March 26 2008 alongside Ayu-mi-x 6: Silver. This is her sixth entry in the ayu-mi-x remix album series and her first ayu-mi-x album since 2003's Ayu-mi-x V. Including 2004's My Story Classical it's her first remix album in roughly four years.
 We Are the One is the first EP from the Avengers. It was released on Dangerhouse Records in 1977. It is the only recordings released while the band was still together. It is sometimes referred to as the Dangerhouse EP referencing the label it was released on. It was recorded in October 1977 at Kitchen Sink Studio. The release had two different covers with the first pressing including the 'crucifixion' cover while later pressings included the 'target' cover.
 Good Enough is the second studio album to be released by Swedish pop singer Ola. The album originally debuted and peaked at #6 on the Swedish albums chart however it reached a new peak at #2 when re-released with a new track listing in 2008.
 The Four Seasons of Life is the debut solo album released by former Helloween guitarist Roland Grapow. The album is unique compared to its successor Kaleidoscope due to the fact that Roland sings lead vocals on all tracks.I Remember was released as the single.
 Entre el Cielo y el Infierno (Between Heaven and Hell) is the fifth studio album by Argentine heavy metal band Rata Blanca. The album was recorded in 1994 and was released by BMG. Is the first and unique album featuring vocalist Mario Ian and also is the first album featuring Javier Retamozo on keyboards.The album contains a cover of Creedence Clearwater Revival hit Travelin' Band.
 On Broadway Vol. 4 or The Paradox of Continuity is an album by Paul Motian and the Trio 2000 + One released on the German Winter & Winter label in 2002. The album follows on from the first three volumes of Motian's On Broadway Series featuring features performances of Broadway show tunes.
 Social Dancing is the second studio album by the Scottish musical trio Bis.
 Caution is the second studio album by the Canadian digital hardcore band Left Spine Down. It was released on August 23 2011 through Metropolis Records.
 I Hate to Sing is a live album by American composer bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley recorded at the Great American Music Hall in 1981 (at the same concerts that produced Live!) combined with three tracks recorded at Grog Kill Studios in 1983 and released on the Watt/ECM label in 1984.
 Get Ready is the second studio album by American blues rock band Rare Earth. It was released on September 30 1969 by Motown Records. The album version of Get Ready was often played in full at college gatherings. It was a percursor to the 12-inch dance singles. And then of course the edited version would eventually become a pop hit. It is of interest to music historians as the source of the riff to the Rolling Stones' track Bitch which appeared on their 1971 album Sticky Fingers.
 Introducing... Stan Walker is the debut studio album by season seven Australian Idol winner Stan Walker. It was released through Sony Music Australia on 7 December 2009. The album contained the selected songs Walker performed during the top twelve on Australian Idol as well as the two original songs Black Box and Think of Me. The album debuted at number two on the New Zealand Albums Chart and was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (RIANZ).
 And Close As This is an album by Peter Hammill released on Virgin Records in 1986. Each track is a song played and sung by Hammill solo at a keyboard with the keyboard parts played in a single take. Two of the songs use a grand piano as the keyboard instrument; for the others Hammill plays a MIDI master keyboard using it to trigger a variety of MIDI sound modules mainly electric piano and organ sounds.
 Tarik O'Regan: Threshold of Night is the third release by the choral group Conspirare and the second recording of the work of Tarik O'Regan. The chorus is accompanied by the Company of Strings and led by musical director Craig Hella Johnson. The album was recorded in October 2007 at the Troy Music Hall Troy New York the second Conspirare release to be recorded at this venue and was released by Harmonia Mundi Records in 2008.
 The Gulley Flats Boys is a double-disc album from British musician Francis Dunnery released in 2005. It is very stripped down revolving around Dunnery's acoustic guitar playing and piano courtesy of David Sancious and featuring minimal percussion. It features two re-recordings of older songs in Good Life and Heartache Reborn - the latter being almost entirely re-worked.
 Brainstorm is the second album by rapper Young MC. The album was released in 1991 for Capitol Records. After the huge success of his debut album Stone Cold Rhymin' Young MC signed a two album deal with Capitol Records. Brainstorm did not perform as well as his previous album only reaching No. 66 on the Billboard 200 an No. 61 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop album charts.
 Dog Man Star is the second album by English alternative rock band Suede released in October 1994 on Nude Records. The album was recorded in London at Master Rock studios in early 1994 and was produced by Ed Buller. It was the last Suede album to feature guitarist Bernard Butler due to growing tensions between him and singer Brett Anderson ending with Butler leaving the band before the album was completed.
 Montreux Two is a live album by jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1975 and released on the Arista Freedom label. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states Tenor saxophonist Archie Shepp was at a turning point of sorts in 1975. He was near the end of his free jazz phase and would soon be exploring melodies from both the jazz tradition and the early 20th century; in addition his tone would begin to decline within a decade.
 Blind Man's Zoo is 10000 Maniacs' fourth album released in 1989. The LP version of the album was pressed on high quality audiophile vinyl.
 Teure Heimat (English: Dear Homeland) is a pop/rock album by the Austrian band Schürzenjäger. It was released in 1992 by BMG Ariola Media GmbH.
 Can't Stop is the fifth Korean mini-album (ninth overall) by the South Korean rock band CNBLUE. It was released on February 24 2014 with the track Can't Stop as the promotional single. This mini album marks a whole turn on CNBLUE's music. Its lead singer Jung Yonghwa ditches the guitar and plays piano on most of the songs.
 Living 2001–2002 is a double live album from Australian jam band John Butler Trio. The album was released in February 2003 and debuted at #6 on the ARIA album charts and went on to achieve platinum sales.
 3614 Jackson Highway is the sixth album by American singer-actress Cher released on June 1969 by ATCO. This album was a commercial failure peaking at #160. 3614 Jackson Highway was the address of Muscle Shoals Sound Studios. The album is by-and-large a covers album.
 The Photo Album is the third studio album by indie rock band Death Cab for Cutie released on October 9 2001.
 Worship & Faith is an album released in 2003 by American country music artist Randy Travis. It is the third gospel music album of his career as well as his third release on Word Records. The album is composed of twenty covers of traditional gospel tunes. Worship & Faith is certified gold by the RIAA although its only single Above All failed to chart.
 IFuturelist (stylized as iFUTURELIST and pronounced I futurist) is the first original album by Japanese game designer Akira Yamaoka well known for his work on the Silent Hill and Bemani series. The tone of the album is decidedly electronic tending more towards his work in the Bemani series although there are a few songs similar to those found in the Silent Hill series. It also includes a number of long and remixed versions of his work on the beatmaniaIIDX and pop'n music series of games.
 The Strangler's Wife is a soundtrack album by Cul de Sac released on October 21 2003 through Strange Attractors Audio House.
 Flesh Blood & Videotape is the 2nd video album from the rock band Poison featuring the singles / music video's from Poison's 3rd studio album Flesh & Blood and also features behind the scenes footage and in depth interviews.The album titled track and single (Flesh & Blood) Sacrifice featured a music video which was initially banned from MTV due to its explicit nature and was eventually released on this compilation.The video compilation was re-released on DVD in 2001 as part of Poison Greatest Video Hits which received US Gold certification in 2003.
 Ugly is the second album released by American alternative metal band Life of Agony. Ugly was a considerable shift in sound from the hardcore and groove metal sounds of their 1993 debut River Runs Red. Although it still featured the band's trademark and pulverizing riffs ('I Regret' 'Damned If I Do' 'Fears') the gang vocals and pummelling double-kick drumming had been dropped Caputo also opted for a cleaner vocal delivery - eschewing his previous baritone howl.
 O.G. Est. 1992 is the second digital album by rapper EDIDON of Outlawz. It was released on May 21 2013 through O4L Digital & Ca$hville Records.
 Şoapte (meaning Whispers in Romanian) is the fourth album by Romanian dance music group DJ Project. It won the Best Dance Album award at the MTV Romania Music Awards 2006.
 The Partridge Family Album is The Partridge Family's first album. It was released in 1970 and included their first recording I Think I Love You. It has a picture of the whole family on the back and a small picture of David Cassidy and Shirley Jones. The album cover is made to look like an old-fashioned photo album. The original release of the album included a framed color photograph of the group.
 Mutiny! is the debut album from punk rock band Set Your Goals. It was released on 11 July 2006. A Deluxe 2-CD Edition with 5 bonus tracks and a video was released on 27 May 2008. The album was produced by Barett Jones who has also worked with Nirvana Foo Fighters Bush I Am The Avalanche and The Fall of Troy.
 Return of the Bumpasaurus is the fifth album by emcee Sir Mix-a-Lot. The album was released in 1996 on American Recordings which was less successful than his previous album Chief Boot Knocka. It featured the single Jump on It and peaked at #123 on the Billboard 200.
 Last Concert in Japan is an album by Deep Purple released in March 1977.It records the last Japanese concert of the Mark IV-lineup with Tommy Bolin.This album was recorded on 15 December 1975 at the Tokyo Budokan and achieved a gold certification in JapanThis performance set an attendance record for the Budokan Hall about 14000 attended.
 Greatest Hits is a greatest hits compilation album from the rock band Creed. It was released in 2004 soon after the announcement that the band had broken up and that lead singer Scott Stapp and the other members of the band would go their separate ways (although the band has since reunited). It consists of every one of their U.S. singles and only leaves out their international single Hide.
 America is the tenth studio album by German europop duo Modern Talking. The album was released on March 19 2001 through label Hansa Records and it was distributed by BMG International. America landed on the German album chart on April 2 2001 entering at position number two and spent two weeks at that position. It spent a total of five weeks within the top-10 and 15 weeks on the album chart.
 Martin Scorsese Presents the Blues: Piano Blues is the soundtrack to the documentary film directed by Clint Eastwood. This is the seventh part of the critically acclaimed television documentary series Martin Scorsese Presents The Blues shown on PBS in September 2003. This collection of music represents what Clint said ...in my film Piano Blues I'm trying to investigate who influenced everyone and who the great players were.
 4 Tunna Brix is an EP by the alternative rock group Sonic Youth released in 1990. It comprises four songs recorded by the BBC in 1988 for John Peel's radio program – three by The Fall and Victoria by The Kinks also covered by The Fall. The title is a reference to former Fall guitarist Brix Smith.
 Stress: The Extinction Agenda is the second full-length album by Queens hip hop duo Organized Konfusion released on August 16 1994 on Hollywood BASIC.
 Hooker 'N Heat is a double album released by blues legend John Lee Hooker and blues-rock band Canned Heat in early 1971. It was the very last studio album to feature harmonica player guitarist and songwriter Alan Wilson who died in September 1970 (1970-09) from a drug overdose. The photo on the album cover was taken after his death but a picture of Alan can be seen in a frame on the wall behind John Lee Hooker. Guitarist Henry Vestine was also missing from the photo session.
 Rocking Time is a reggae album by Jamaican musician Burning Spear released in 1974 (see 1974 in music) on the Studio One label. His second album for Studio One Rocking Time featured bass guitarist Leroy Sibbles and drummer Leroy Horsemouth Wallace. The album was described by Allmusic as cosmic reggae at its rawest and the very epitome of conscious music.
 Something To Live For is the first studio album by Irish trance producer and DJ John O'Callaghan released May 28 2007 on Discover.
 Spiritchaser is the seventh studio album by Dead Can Dance and the last before Brendan Perry and Lisa Gerrard went their separate ways.
 English Electric Part One is the seventh studio album by the English progressive rock band Big Big Train. It was released on 3 September 2012 by English Electric Recordings and GEP.
 Ænima (/ˈɒnɪmə/) is the second full-length studio album by American rock band Tool. It was released in vinyl format on September 17 1996 and in compact disc format on October 1 1996 through Zoo Entertainment. The album was recorded and cut at Ocean Way Hollywood and The Hook North Hollywood from 1995 to 1996. The album was produced by David Bottrill.The album debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 chart upon its initial release and was certified triple platinum by the RIAA on March 4 2003.
 The Aphotic Season is the second studio album by October Sky released worldwide on June 18 2012 with Rocksector Records a Manchester based record label.The album was recorded produced mixed and mastered by Luc Tellier who has worked with many Montreal bands such as Simple Plan and The New Cities. His list of clients also includes major labels such as Universal Music Sony Music EMI Music.
 90124 is an album by Trevor Rabin consisting of previously unreleased demos and session work prior to and during his time in the progressive rock supergroup Yes. The album name (as well as the cover art) references Yes' 90125 album. One of the songs on this album Walls features Roger Hodgson on back-up vocals it was recorded when he was asked to sing with Yes but when Jon Anderson went back this project failed.
 Reza is an album released by Terry Gibbs in August 1966 on Dot DLP 3726 (mono) and DLP 25726 (stereo). It was arranged and produced by Shorty Rodgers.The album was aimed at the pop and jazz markets. Billboard reviewed the album as swingin but not way out.
 The Rotten Agenda is the third and final studio album by the American hardcore punk band Aus-Rotten released in 2001 on Rotten Propaganda Records. The record label bears the name of lead vocalist/lyricist Dave Trenga's anarchist DIY newspaper Rotten Propaganda.
 Thinks: School Stinks is the first album released by British pop band Hotlegs. The album featuring the band's hit single Neanderthal Man was recorded at Strawberry Studios in Stockport near Manchester and engineered by the studio's co-owners Eric Stewart and Peter Tattersall.
 Take Out Yo Gun is the second album by kwaito star The Dogg released in December 2004. The album has received many positive reviews from critics despite the fact that it was released the same year as Shimaliw' Osatana. Take Out Yo Gun was the first album to be released on The Dogg's own label Mshasho Productions. Gazza appeared on the album The Dogg also appeared on Gazza's Zula II Survive which marked the end of their collaboration.
 Don't Stay is the fourth album from Japanese pop singer Nami Tamaki released on April 23 2008 about one and a half years after Graduation: Singles and celebrating five years since her first single Believe. Two versions were available the normal edition (SRCL 6778) and the limited edition with DVD (SRCL 6776-6777) three slip case box package and a 55-page booklet. An album tour titled Nami Tamaki 6th Concert Don't Stay: Go!! was scheduled for late summer starting in August.
 Dodgy Holiday is the first extended play released by British pop singer Mika. It was released digitally on 20 November 2006 prior to the release of Life in Cartoon Motion his debut album which was later released in February 2007. The name of the EP was derived from the lyrics of the song Billy Brown which was included on the EP. A physical version of the EP was available for a limited time only and contained an exclusive 24-page booklet containing unseen photos and lyrics.
 Anne Murray's Christmas Album is the seventh Christmas album by Canadian country-pop artist Anne Murray. The album was released on October 7 2008 through Manhattan Records and features ten previously released Christmas song and five new recordings.
 The Other Side... Demos and Rarities is the second compilation extended play by UK-based pop act Shakespears Sister released in May 2013 exclusively through the newly re-opened digital store on the act's official website.. The seven-track EP consists of demos remixes and previously never-heard unreleased songs.
 Chant Down Babylon: The Island Anthology is a compilation album by Burning Spear released by Island Records on 18 June 1996.
 Koro-chan Pack Dragon Ball Z Best (コロちゃんパック ドラゴンボールZ ベスト Koro chan Pakku Doragon Bōru Zetto Besuto) is a collection of songs from the anime Dragon Ball Z. It was released by Columbia Records on September 19 2007 in Japan only.
 Country Goes Raffi is a tribute music album where Country Music stars perform songs by popular children's entertainer Raffi. The album was released in 2001.
 The Tenth Sub Level of Suicide is the debut studio album by American black metal musical act Leviathan. It was recorded entirely on a Tascam four-track tape recorder in mainman Wrest's home and was released September 29 2003 by Seattle Washington-based underground record label Moribund Cult.
 Rock'N'Roll Show 2008 is the first live DVD by Japanese rock act Superfly. The two-disk box set features a recording of the NHK Hall stop on her Rock'N'Roll Show 2008 concert tour a recording of a free concert held at Yoyogi Park as well as Shiho Ochi's trip to San Francisco to become closer to her idol Janis Joplin by meeting with Sam Andrew and other members of Big Brother and the Holding Company. The DVD peaked at 16 on the Oricon's DVD charts and remained on the charts for 19 weeks.
 Live... With a Little Help from Our Friends is a live recording of Gov't Mule's 1998 New Year's Eve concert at The Roxy in Atlanta Georgia. It was released as a 4-CD set Collector's Edition and as two separate albums.
 Lo Mejor de Instrumentales is the fourteenth album released by Christian singer Marcos Witt. The album is a collection of Witt's best song over the past years in instrumental form. Some of the songs are interpreted by other musicians.
 The Mrs. Brown You've Got a Lovely Daughter EP by Herman's Hermits was the band's second EP and was released in the United Kingdom by EMI/Columbia (catalogue number SEG 8440.)
 Geschenk des Augenblicks – Gift of the Moment is the eleventh solo album by German keyboardist Hans-Joachim Roedelius best known for his work with Cluster Harmonia and Aquarello.
 Destroy Me Lover is the fifth studio album by the American Noise rock/Industrial band Pain Teens released on July 5 1993 through Trance Syndicate.
 Earthworm is the twenty-second album by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle. The album has vocals and guitar from Bruce Duff of the band Jesters of Destiny. Circle's relationship with Duff began when Jussi Lehtisalo re-released the Jesters' album Fun at the Funeral on his Ektro Records label.
 Take Your Skin Off is the second album by the noise rock band Mindflayer.
 Frank Turner Live From Wembley is a Frank Turner concert video set for release on 3 September 2012. It was filmed on 13 April 2012 and the DVD was released on 3 September 2012. The DVD shows the full concert on the first disc while the second disc contains two documentaries and the promo video's for Frank's singles off his latest album England Keep My Bones.
 Utada the Best is Japanese pop/R&B singer-songwriter Hikaru Utada's first English language compilation album released on November 24 2010 the same day as Utada Hikaru Single Collection Vol. 2. The album is a best of album featuring her more prominent and popular songs from her English career as Utada.
 Collector's Edition Box I & II are compilation albums by the English multi-instrumentalist Mike Oldfield released in 1990.Included in the collector's package are the standard issue Virgin Records Picture-disc CDs.
 Freaks of Nature is a studio album by Swedish all-female alternative metal band Drain STH released on June 29 1999 (see 1999 in music). It was the band's second and final full-length album.
 Agárrese (Eng.: Hang On) is the title of a studio album released by duranguense ensemble Grupo Montéz de Durango. This album became their fifth number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums.
 Ring is an album by the Gary Burton Quintet with Eberhard Weber.
 Ga'aguim (Longings) is the fifteenth album released by Israeli pop-rock band Ethnix. Released on May 29 2011 by Helicon Records it is their first album since 2005.
 Extremist Makeover is the 4th album by 28 Days.Extremist Makeover features Use It and the single Birthday along with a limited edition PC demo version of the Game Medal of Honor: Pacific Assault.
 ...art is the third album from the Australian rock band Regurgitator released in 1999. Are U Being Served? contains samples from the Are You Being Served? theme song. The album was recorded in Byron Bay and was the final album with drummer Martin Lee.
 My Life Your Entertainment is the third and final studio album by P.A.. It features guest appearances by Jim Crow Eightball Goodie Mob Pimp C and YoungbloodZ.
 Cockamamie is the debut album from Boston-based musician Jen Trynin. Released in 1995 to generally positive acclaim the album failed to do well on the charts.The story of how this album came to be and the process regarding its release on Warner Bros. Records is chronicled in Trynin's 2006 book Everything I'm Cracked Up to Be.
 The Big Time is the fifth album by Robin Holcomb released on June 18 2002 through Nonesuch Records.
 Babylon by Bus is a live album released by Bob Marley and the Wailers in 1978. The tracks on this album are considered with two exceptions to be from the Pavillon de Paris concerts over 3 nights 25–27 June 1977 during the Kaya Tour though there are discrepancies in the track listing.Like the 1973 album Catch a Fire the first release had something of a novelty cover. The windows of the bus on the front cover were cut out revealing part of the inner sleeve.
 The Four Seasons Story is a two-record compilation of the group's biggest hit singles from 1962 to 1970 released in 1975 on the Private Stock label. It quickly became a gold record selling over one million copies before the RIAA started awarding platinum records for million-selling albums.
 SIN-Atra is a heavy metal compilation album by various artists released as a heavy metal tribute album to Frank Sinatra. The album was produced by Bob Kulick (guitar) and Brett Chassen (drums) featuring Billy Sheehan (bass) Doug Katsaros (keyboards orchestration) and various guest vocalists.
 1000 Hours is the debut EP by the American punk rock band Green Day. It was released in April 1989 through Lookout! Records the label that nurtured the band's development in their early years before their signing with a major label in 1993.
 Phobia released in 1993 was the twenty-third and final studio album by English rock group The Kinks before they disbanded three years later.
 Islands is the second studio album from Swedish dream pop band The Mary Onettes. The album was released on 3 November 2009 in the United States and a day later in Sweden. The album had to be re-recorded from scratch after lead singer Philip Ekström stated on the band's official website ...I basically lost every song I've ever recorded with The Mary Onettes.
 Hail Mary is the third album by American hard rock band Dark New Day released on February 19 2013. It is their 'lost' album originally created in 2007. Pavement Entertainment has acquired the rights to release the album late 2012 after it had been shelved in 2008 due to a discontinuation in contract between Warner and the band.
 Translinear Light is the last studio album released by Alice Coltrane. It was produced by her son Ravi Coltrane and released in 2004. All compositions by Alice Coltrane with the exception of 4 traditional compositions in addition to Crescent and Leo which were written by her late husband John Coltrane.
 Flying Start is the second album by the American rhythm and blues and jazz-funk fusion group The Blackbyrds.
 Mark Murphy Sings is a 1975 studio album by Mark Murphy.
 Pieces is the debut album of the American singer-songwriter and musician Matt Simons. Containing 10 tracks nine of which his own compositions the album was released in the United States on 19 June 2012. The album also contains one non-original track I Will Follow You into the Dark which if from band Death Cab for Cutie.
 The Red Record is the debut album from the Tri-Cities Washington hard rock band Loudermilk.
 Emergency is the eighteenth studio album by the American funk band Kool & the Gang released in late 1984. A hit the album brought a first for the band: three number one R&B singles from a single album. The songs Misled (Pop #10) Fresh (Pop #9 Dance #1) and Cherish (Pop #2) all hit the top spot in 1985. In addition the title track was also released as a single and reached the top twenty.
 Easy Living is a 1986 studio album by Ella Fitzgerald accompanied by the jazz guitarist Joe Pass.It is the fourth and final album in Fitzgerald's series of duets with Pass the three earlier albums being Take Love Easy (1973) Fitzgerald and Pass... Again (1976) and Speak Love (1983).
 Fearless Love is the tenth studio album by American rock/pop musician Melissa Etheridge released on April 27 2010 by Island/Def Jam Music Group produced by John Shanks. Etheridge said in an interview the album is about being fearless. It's about choosing love over fear. It's a way a philosophy of living life that suits me well. The album was recorded at the Document Room in Malibu and Hensons Studios in Hollywood CA.
 One Take Radio Sessions is a live in-studio EP by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler released on 21 June 2005 by Mercury Records internationally and Warner Bros. Records in the United States. The tracks were recorded in one take at Shangri-la Studios in Malibu California. The EP contains live in-studio versions of seven songs from the 2004 album Shangri-La and one song Rüdiger from the album Golden Heart.
 Heard Ya Missed Me Well I'm Back is the eighth album by American funk/soul/rock band Sly and the Family Stone released by Epic/CBS Records in 1976. This album is an effort to return the idea of the Family Stone band to singer/songwriter/multi-instrumentalist Sly Stone's work after his previous album High on You was released without the Family Stone name.
 Preflyte is a compilation album by the American folk rock band The Byrds and was released in July 1969 on Together Records (see 1969 in music). The album is a collection of demos recorded by The Byrds (then named The Jet Set) at World Pacific Studios in Los Angeles during 1964 before the band had signed to Columbia Records. As such the music on the album predates the release of The Byrds' debut single for Columbia a cover version of Bob Dylan's Mr.
 FabricLive.28 is an album Evil Nine produced as part of the FabricLive albums series. It was released July 25 2006 on the Fabric label.
 Killed for Less is the second album from Sense Field. It was released in 1994 on Revelation Records.
 Tranceport 2 is a mix album released by Dave Ralph in 1999. It was released on Kinetic Records.
 Hey I'm a Ghost is the first full-length album from Greensboro North Carolina band Sullivan.
 Honkytonkville is the 22nd studio (and 31st overall) album by American country singer George Strait released in 2003 by MCA Nashville. One of only a few albums of his career not to produce a Number One single the album was certified platinum by the RIAA. It produced the singles Tell Me Something Bad About Tulsa Cowboys Like Us and Desperately at #11 #2 and #6 respectively on the country charts.
 The Big Picture is a collaborative album by Michael Shrieve and David Beal released in 1988 through Fortuna Records.
 Best of the Blues Brothers is the fourth and final Blues Brothers album released before John Belushi's death in 1982. It is a compilation album released by Atlantic Records on November 30 1981.
 Bette Midler is the eponymous second studio album by American female vocalist Bette Midler released in 1973 on the Atlantic Records label.
 Polka Album is a collection of Polka songs recorded by Bobby Vinton released in 1981. It is actually an edited version of his studio album Party Music ~~ 20 Hits.
 The Dangling Man is an EP by Crime & the City Solution released in 1985 through Mute Records.
 Branded Man is the fourth studio album by American country music singer-songwriter Merle Haggard. The song Somewhere Between was a number one success for the Dutch Tumbleweeds (with Ton Masseurs) in 1975. The song was also covered by Suzy Bogguss as the opening track of her 1989 debut studio album of the same name and the first single from the album.
 Blues at Sunrise is a Blues album by Albert King recorded live atthe Montreux Jazz Festival (July 1 1973)and released in 1973. Material recorded on the 1973 Montreux festival was also released inhis albums Montreux Festival and Blues At Sunset.
 The Silent Enigma is the second album by British rock band Anathema released on 23 October 1995 through Peaceville Records.The Silent Enigma represents a turning point in Anathema's career (it is the first album to feature guitarist Vincent Cavanagh singing lead vocals replacing Darren White) and sees the start of the band's gradual progression from doom metal to a softer style of rock.
 Hear Nothing See Nothing Say Nothing was the 1982 album released by the British hardcore punk band Discharge on Clay Records.
 Everything Is Borrowed is the fourth album from The Streets.
 Constrictor is the sixteenth studio album by rock musician Alice Cooper released on September 22 1986. After retiring from the music industry after the release of DaDa Cooper remained in seclusion for three years. He starred in Monster Dog a horror film for which he wrote two songs. He also guest starred on the Twisted Sister track Be Chrool to Your Scuel.
 Soundpieces: Da Antidote! is an album by Lootpack an American hip hop group signed to Stones Throw Records. The entire album was produced by Madlib and features vocals by himself and Wildchild as well as many West Coast guests.The album features many of Lootpack's previous released singles such as Questions Whenimondamic The Anthem and Weededed. Lyrical content is generally focused on battle-style rhymes. Whenimondamic was featured on the Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4 soundtrack.
 Amazing Grace is the fifth album by the British rock band Spiritualized so named to indicate its considerable gospel influence. Although the title hymn does not appear on the album (Spiritualized have covered it previously and released a free-jazz version as a b-side in 2001 and also on Complete Works Vol.
 Give Me the Fear is the debut album of Tokyo Dragons.
 Aldo Nova is the self-titled debut album by Canadian hard rock musician Aldo Nova released in 1982. It reached number 8 on the Billboard 200 and was certified Gold by the RIAA on May 14 1982 Platinum on February 14 1989 and Double Platinum on December 5 1994.
 The Last Dance is Spice 1's seventh studio album. It was released on May 16 2000 in the U.S. and features appearances from rap artists MJG RBL Posse The Outlawz Bad Azz UGK and C-Bo. This was also his first independent album since leaving Jive. It was well received by fans praising Spice for returning to his raw lyricism and murderous tales reminiscent of previous albums such as 187 He Wrote and AmeriKKKa's Nightmare.
 Small Voice is the first album by Lea Salonga recorded when she was only nine years old. The album reached #1 in the Philippines and went gold then platinum. Philippine critics gave the album and Salonga's performance positive reviews. After the success of the album she was given her own variety show called Love Lea.
 Highway is a solo album by Sean Delaney. Delaney's recording of this album was related to his work on Gene Simmons' and Peter Criss' solo albums. Sean used his studio musicians to record some demo material for Peter Criss that was simply released on Peter's solo album. It has also been suggested (unsubstantiated) that Casablanca president Neil Bogart used the solo album as leverage against Sean for song-writing agreements and compliance with the KISS project.[citation needed]
 Filigranski pločnici is the third studio album of the Croatian rock band Azra released through Jugoton in 1982 on double vinyl.
 Long Live the Loud is the third studio album by the Canadian speed metal band Exciter released through Music for Nations in 1985 and re-released through Megaforce Records in March 2005 with the EP Feel the Knife.
 Secondathallam is the second solo album by Canadian singer-songwriter Andre Ethier released in August 2006 on Paper Bag Records within North America.
 Fresco is the fourth and final studio album by the British house music band M People. It includes the Top 10 singles Just for You and Angel St the hit single Fantasy Island and a cover version of the Roxy Music song Avalon.
 Danny Williams is a self titled album by South American singer Danny Williams (7 January 1942 – 6 December 2005) issued in the UK on the Contour record label in 1972. It contained re-recordings of his #1 hit Moon River from the film Breakfast At Tiffany's and his first entry into the American charts More from the film Mondo Cane which was nominated for an Academy Award.
 Living on Polka Time is an album by Jimmy Sturr released through Rounder Records in 1997. In 1998 the album won Sturr the Grammy Award for Best Polka Album.
 Havana 3am is an eponymously named debut album by post-Clash Paul Simonon's band Havana 3am. The woman shown on the cover was bassist Paul Simonon's girlfriend at the time.
 The Love Songs is a 2007 (see 2007 in music) album by country singer Clint Black. It consists of newly recorded versions of many of his love songs along with a cover version of Jim Croce's I'll Have to Say I Love You in a Song.According to Black many of the songs remain true to the original version while a few get a slight update. I wanted to do a record that's not just a reissue of hits Black said.
 Spirit in the Dark is the eighteenth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin Released on August 24 1970 by Atlantic Records. It received mostly positive reviews but was met with middling sales despite having two hit singles Don't Play That Song (You Lied) which peaked at #1 R&B #11 on the Hot 100 and Spirit in the Dark peaking at #3 R&B and #23 Hot 100 in Billboard magazine.
 The Storms of Early Summer: Semantics of Song is the second full-length album by American indie rock band Cursive.This album is the 22nd release of Saddle Creek Records.
 Gillan's Inn is an album by Ian Gillan in celebration of his 40 years as a singer. The first release was a DualDisc composed of both a CD and a DVD side. The CD featured re-recorded tracks from all eras of Ian Gillan's singing career.
 A Dramatic Turn of Events is the eleventh studio album by American progressive metal band Dream Theater released worldwide on September 12 2011 and in the United States on September 13 through Roadrunner Records. It is the band's first recording to feature drummer Mike Mangini following the departure of founding member Mike Portnoy in September 2010. The album was written recorded mixed and mastered between January and June 2011 at Cove City Sound Studios in Long Island New York.
 Nancy is a studio album by Nancy Sinatra released in 1969.
 Eternity is an album in 2008 by Kangta. This is Kangta's fourth & last solo album before leaving for his military duties.
 Thumper is the first EP by the Australian rock band Man in the Wood and one of at least two releases before the name change to Tlot Tlot a year later. It was released in 1990 on Manhole Productions. It was only released on vinyl.The songs on Thumper are darker than the band's future output as Tlot Tlot. They are even more darker than Bolwell and Paulzen's future work with Merril Bainbridge. The EP jacket appears to depict three Hopi Kachina dolls.
 In the Arms of an Angel is the debut studio album by Scottish singer Nicholas McDonald who finished as the runner-up on the tenth series of The X Factor in 2013. It was released through RCA Records on 17 March 2014. The album has peaked to number 6 on the UK Albums Chart. The album received negative reviews from audiences and critics as they criticised the lack of original content labelling it 'boring' 'dull' and 'predictable'.
 Finished with the Dogs is the second album by Holy Moses released in 1987 on AAARRG Records. It was re-released on August 5 2005 through Armageddon with 4 bonus live tracks. All music and lyrics are by Andy Classen and Sabina Classen.
 Everything She Touched Turned Ampexian is the fifth full-length album by Prefuse 73 released on April 14 2009 on Warp Records.Roughly 38.7% of the tracks on the album are less than one minute long the longest song being 4 minutes and 16 seconds.
 The Best of Santana Vol. 2 is a 2000 album by Santana.
 Zartlichkeiten is a 1981 album by Julio Iglesias.
 Sunday at the Speedway is the latest album by punk rock band Alien Father.Released in Feb 2010 on Ourselves Collective a donation-based label Sunday at the Speedway is available to download for free. The cover art image is sourced from the 1955 Le Mans disaster.
 For the italian city originally named Maleventum see: Benevento.Maleventum is the fourth album by Opera IX.
 World Outside My Window is the debut album of Canadian R&B singer Glenn Lewis. Released on March 19 2002 it featured two singles Don't You Forget It and It's Not Fair. It also features production by Dre & Vidal. The album debuted at number 4 on the Billboard 200 with 85000 copies sold in the first week. It has sold 377000 copies to date.
 Guy Clark – Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Texas singer-songwriter Guy Clark.
 The Boss is the second studio album by Russian rapper Timati released on November 13 2009.
 Barbed Wire Sandwich is a psychedelic heavy blues rock album released by Black Cat Bones in November 1969. The original vinyl version of the album is now highly sought after by collectors of rock and heavy blues music of the late 1960s and 1970s.
 Slnečný kalendár (English: Sunny Calendar) is the third solo album by Slovak recording artist Marika Gombitová released on OPUS in 1982.
 The Platinum Collection is a two disc compilation album of recordings by Blondie released by EMI/Chrysalis in 1994. The forty-seven track compilation contains the A- and B-sides of all singles issued by the band in the U.S.
 ...and The Family Telephone is the third full-length album by Maryland-based indie folk band Page France. It was released May 8 2007 on Suicide Squeeze Records.
 Saboréalo ia an album by Elvis Crespo. It was re-released the following year as Hora Enamorada.
 Rossiter Road is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in 1986 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Parklife is the third studio album by the English alternative rock band Blur released in April 1994 on Food Records. After disappointing sales for their previous album Modern Life Is Rubbish (1993) Parklife returned Blur to prominence in the UK helped by its four hit singles: Girls & Boys End of a Century Parklife and To the End.
 Anima is a concept album written and produced by Vladislav Delay.
 March of Progress is the ninth studio album (and sixteenth overall) by progressive metal band Threshold. It is the first studio album on which original lead vocalist Damian Wilson sings since his return in 2009. It is also their second album on their current label Nuclear Blast. The Limited Edition includes a bonus track Divinity.
 Dedicated is the fifth full-length album from New York hardcore punk band Murphy's Law.It was released by Another Planet on March 19 1996.
 Unhealthy Opera is the fourth full-length studio album by the French death metal band Yyrkoon. The symbol on the cover is the yellow sign from the book The King in Yellow.
 Project X is the EP released by the New York City-based band Project X. It was the only album released by the band.
 Sun and Shield is the debut album from Christian music group Peter Furler Band and the album released on 11 March 2014 by New Day Christian Records and Platinum Pop Records. The producers of the album were Peter Furler and Steve Taylor.
 Sworn Allegiance is the seventh studio album by the Swedish death metal band Unleashed. It was released in 2004 on Century Media Records their last recording for the label.
 NME: The Cool List 2005 is a compilation album released by British music magazine NME to correspond with their 2005 Cool List. It was covermounted on the 26 November 2005 issue of the magazine and includes tracks from several of the artists who were featured in the list. Discussing the album senior marketing manager Nick New remarked: The NME Cool List CD is a great way of NME showcasing what we do best – NME bringing exciting new bands to our readers!
 Spellbound known as Surisuri (Hangul: 수리수리) in Korean is the repackage of Tense (2014) the seventh Korean studio album by South Korean pop duo TVXQ. It was released on February 27 2014 by S.M. Entertainment almost two months after the original record. The repackage features three newly recorded songs including the lead single Spellbound. The repackage had two-day shipments of 61405 copies and debuted at number two on the Gaon Albums Chart.
 Volume 2 is a vinyl anthology LP audio record of hit Chuck Berry recordings made and printed in France on the impact Records label. In the 1970s it was available for purchase in U.S. music stores with a small adhesive sticker on the reverse of the album jacket stating Imported/Distributed by Peters International New York N.Y.The recordings of the major hits Johnny B.
 Anna Vissi Live! is the name of a live Greek album by singer Anna Vissi. It is her first live album and was released in Greece and Cyprus in December 1993. It was recorded in Zoom night club in Plaka Athens. The reason for its release was to celebrate the 20 years of Anna Vissi's career (1973–1993).
 The Day Will Come is an album by English jazz pianist Howard Riley which was recorded and released on CBS in 1970 and reissued on CD by Columbia in 1999. It features his working trio of that period with bassist Barry Guy and drummer Alan Jackson.
 Honest Workers is the fifth regular studio album by The Kelly Family released in 1991.
 “Allt fyrir ástina” (All in the Name of Love) is an album by Icelandic pop singer and disc jockey Páll Óskar released on November 7 2007.
 Flight of the Conchords is the debut full-length studio recorded album by New Zealand folk parody duo Flight of the Conchords released 21 April 2008 by Sub Pop. Two songs Business Time and The Most Beautiful Girl (In the Room) have been released as downloadable content for the video game Rock Band.
 The First Time is an album by Billy Crash Craddock. It was released in 1977 on ABC/Dot Records. The album included several previously released songs.
 Solution is the first album by the Dutch symphonic rock group Solution. It was released in 1971 on the Decca label.
 Doin' Somethin' Right is the second solo album by country singer Billy Currington. Released in 2005 on Mercury Nashville Records the album produced three singles in Must Be Doin' Somethin' Right Why Why Why and Good Directions which peaked at No. 1 No. 13 and No. 1 respectively on the country charts. The album itself has earned RIAA platinum certification. Also included on this album is a cover of Kenny Rogers' hit single Lucille.
 ¡Amigos X Siempre! is a soundtrack for the Mexican television series ¡Amigos X Siempre! (Friends 4 Ever) it was released in Mexico by Sony BMG.
 Blue is a 1999 studio album released under the La! Neu? name by Captain Trip Records. In most senses it is a Klaus Dinger solo album as Dinger composed produced recorded and (mostly) performed the entire album alone. It was originally intended for release as the fifth La Düsseldorf album in 1987 but Dinger's contract with Virgin Records was terminated before the album's release. The 1987 rejection letter from Udo Lange is printed upside-down on the back cover of the CD.
 Box of Bongwater is a career-spanning four-disc box-set of the band Bongwater released on October 20 1998 through Shimmy Disc. It contains all of the band's recorded output including four studio albums an EP a single and several unreleased songs. The tracks were completely remastered by Alan Douches and Kramer for their inclusion in the set.
 Gene Pitney Sings World Wide Winners is American singer Gene Pitney's fourth album released on the Musicor label in 1963. The album mainly comprised material released on Pitney's first three albums. The only new releases were Mr. Moon Mr. Cupid & I Louisiana Mama and Garden of Love.The album reached #41 on the US album chart.[citation needed]
 Gods of Thunder: A Norwegian Tribute to Kiss is a Norwegian compilation album by various artists. The album is a tribute to the American hard rock band Kiss.
 You Wanted the Best You Got the Best!! is a live hits album released by American hard rock band Kiss. The album was issued to coincide with the group's 1996–97 Alive/Worldwide Tour. All of the songs on the album are live versions. Most were taken from Alive! or Alive II but four recordings had been previously unreleased.
 From Across The Street is the sixth stand-up comedy album by Doug Stanhope released on November 24 2009 by Stand Up! Records. It was recorded live on August 11 2009 at Level 5 at City Stage in Wilmington North Carolina.
 Never Let Me Down is the seventeenth studio album by David Bowie released in April 1987 by EMI America. Bowie conceived the album as the foundation for a theatrical world tour writing and recording most of the songs in Switzerland. He considered the record a return to rock 'n' roll music.
 Blast of Silence (Axed My Baby for a Nickel) is the third album by The Golden Palominos released in 1986 through Celluloid Records.
 Love Is Worth It is the first long play album by Silent Drive and also their first release for Equal Vision Records.
 Tokyo Muzical Hotel (typeset in promotional material as TOKYO MUZiCAL HOTEL) is the second full-length album by Sug. It is the band's first album release since their major label debut on Pony Canyon. It was released on March 9 2010 in two editions: one limited edition which includes an exclusive DVD with the music video for dot.0 and a regular edition that features 5 extra tracks not available in the limited edition.The album charted in the top 30 of the Oricon daily rankings upon release.
 Soundtrack Release from the Motion Picture Natural Born Star. A documentary by Even Benestad. Produced by Union Film
 Lee Ryan is the debut and only solo studio album to be released by Blue band-member and singer Lee Ryan.
 Bring Back the Glory released in 2008 is the second studio album by the band The Classic Struggle.
 Cookin' In Mobile is a live CD/DVD released by five-time Grammy award winner Robert Cray. It was released on July 27 2010 through Vanguard Records. It is his first live concert released on DVD to date and his third live album. The concert was recorded February 21 2010 at the historic Saenger Theatre in Mobile Alabama while on tour supporting his latest album This Time
 Live Phish Vol. 4 was recorded live at the Drum Logos club in Fukuoka Japan on June 14 2000.At the time Phish was one of the biggest live bands in America consistently selling out amphitheaters and arenas. However in Japan the shows were smaller and much more intimate than the usual Phish concert. The overall mood of the music at the Fukuoka show was quiet and mellow.
 Epistrophy & Now's the Time (reissued as Epistrophy) is a live album by bassist Richard Davis recorded in 1972 and released on the Muse label. It was the second album released on the label.
 Inside Bad Company 1974–1982 is a documentary of hard rock band Bad Company released in 2005. The DVD reviews Bad Company on stage on film and on record with rare film never previously available. Founding member Simon Kirke and biographer Steven Rosen revisit on the life and work of the classic era of Bad Company. The DVD covers the band in the 70s 80s of the original line up of Paul Rodgers Mick Ralphs Boz Burrell and Simon Kirke.
 Helter Skelter is a 1996 album by The D.O.C. and was an attempt at making a comeback following the car crash which severely damaged his vocal cords. The album was widely ignored and has even been discredited by D.O.C himself. The name of the album is a reference to Charles Manson's idea of The Beatles' Helter Skelter prophesying the end of the world.The title and concept behind this album were originally developed by Dr.
 Quartet is the sixth studio album by the British new wave band Ultravox. The album peaked at no.6 on the UK album chart and was certified Gold by the BPI in December 1982 for 100000 copies sold. It also peaked at #13 in Germany and at #61 in the United States.The album was produced by George Martin most notable for his work with The Beatles.Four singles were released from the album all of which reached the UK Top 20.
 Gravity Kills is the debut album by Gravity Kills released on March 5 1996 by TVT Records (see 1996 in music) the album sold just under 500000 copies.The first song was titled Take on the promo version of the album. It was renamed Forward just before the album was released.
 The Halo 3 Original Soundtrack is the official soundtrack to Bungie's first-person shooter video game Halo 3. Most of the original music was composed by Martin O'Donnell and Michael Salvatori but also includes a bonus track LvUrFR3NZ which was the winning entry in a contest held before the soundtrack's release.
 My Thanks To You is a studio album recorded by US Entertainer Connie Francis. The album features songs which had been popular on both sides of the Atlantic between the 1920s and the 1940s. It was recorded March 4–6 1959 at EMI's famous Abbey Road Studios in London.During the sessions Francis recorded two versions of the song I'll Close My Eyes written by Billy Reid and Buddy Kaye.
 Echos O' Faith is the title of The 77s' second Live album released in 1996 on the band's own Fools of the World label. This album was recorded live at Echos Of Faith Church in Ontario California on November 28 1992. This performance was a rare acoustic unplugged performance of the 77s which prompted producer Brian Healy to start recording. Everyone involved was happy enough with the overall sound of the recording that it was decided to make it into a live album.
 300 Percent Density is an album by Candiria. Released on May 1 2001 the album peaked at #44 on the Billboard Top Independent Albums chart.
 Prado Pereira de Oliveira was released in 1980 by João Gilberto. It was recorded in 1980 live on TV Globo. In English that would be his entire Brazilian ancestral last name written on his studio album
 Mitch All Together is stand-up comedian Mitch Hedberg's second comedy album. It is a recording of a performance at the Acme Comedy Club in Minneapolis Minnesota from May 2003. The CD was packaged with a DVD of Mitch Hedberg's 1999 Comedy Central special in two versions the first being the one edited down to a half-hour and shown on Comedy Central and the second being the raw unedited taping which is about 15 minutes longer.
 Sex-O Olympic-O is the fifth album by the Revolting Cocks released on March 3 2009 through 13th Planet Records.
 Please Please Me is the debut album by the English rock band The Beatles. Parlophone rush-released the album on 22 March 1963 in the United Kingdom to capitalise on the success of the singles Please Please Me (No. 1 on most lists but only No. 2 on Record Retailer) and Love Me Do (No.
 The Transition EP is the follow-up to Christian rock band Philmont's full-length Attention and their first release since parting ways with Forefront Records. Philmont released the EP independently on October 19 2010. It is available via digital outlets such as iTunes at Philmont concerts and through Philmont's online merch store.During the recording process Philmont realized that they did not have sufficient funding to mix and master the six songs they had been working on.
 Messages from The Boys is the debut album by American R&B group The Boys. It was released in 1988.
 The Instrumentals: The Best of the Capitol Years is a 2003 compilation of American guitarist Leo Kottke's releases on the Capitol label. It was released at the same time as The Instrumentals: The Best of the Chrysalis Years.
 Sublime Mix is an album by Jean Michel Jarre released in 2006 as a special limited edition promo for Jaguar France. The album features a continuous mix of six tracks taken from Geometry of Love and Live Printemps de Bourges 2002. This album was given away freely to Jaguar's prospective customers during 2006 to promote the launch of the Jaguar XK 2007 model.
 MTV Party To Go 2000 was the fourteenth album in the MTV Party to Go series.
 When Forever Comes Crashing is the third album by Massachusetts USA band Converge. Originally released in 1998 the album was re-issued in 2005 with a bonus track and bonus enhanced material (video of When Forever Comes Crashing). The album was recorded at God City Studio from 22 December through 3 January 1998. Steve Austin of Today Is the Day along with Converge produced the album and also provided backup vocals on the track The Lowest Common Denominator.
 Hejira is a 1976 folk/rock/jazz album by Canadian singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell. The album title is a transliteration of the Arabic word hijra which means journey usually referring to the migration of the prophet Muhammad (and his companions) from Mecca to Medina in 622. The songs on the album were largely written by Mitchell on a trip by car from Maine back to Los Angeles California with prominent imagery including highways small towns and snow.
 Paperimiehen Tytär is the fifth studio album by Finnish singer Hanna Pakarinen due for release in Finland by RCA on October 20 2010. The album marks Pakarinen's first Finnish-language album with her previous four albums all consisting of songs in English. It was preceded by the title single Paperimiehen Tytär.
 Desert Lady / Fantasy is the fourth recording released by the Toshiko Akiyoshi Jazz Orchestra featuring Lew Tabackin. Not to be confused with the 1989 Lew Tabackin (Quartet) Concord Records release Desert Lady. The album received two Grammy award nominations in the Best Large Jazz Ensemble Performance and (for the song Bebop) Best Arrangement on an Instrumental categories.
 Anthems of Rebellion is the fifth studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy. This is the only Arch Enemy album to feature clean vocals. The clean vocals were sung by Christopher Amott on End of the Line and Dehumanization.A music video was produced for the album's single We Will Rise which saw moderate airing on Headbanger's Ball and Uranium. It featured a legion of people racing across a beach under a darkened sky.
 Sculpture of Stone is the third album on a major record label by the Polish death metal band Dies Irae released in 2004.
 Seven Standards (1985) Vols. 1 & 2 is a two volume set by free jazz musician Anthony Braxton. It was recorded January 30 – 31 1985. The album is less free than most of Braxton's previous work and features jazz standards arranged in the usual jazz-combo style.
 Beverley Atonale is the second album from Brooklyn New York indie pop band The Ladybug Transistor. It was released on February 11 1997.
 The Miracles Doin' Mickey's Monkey is a 1963 album by The Miracles for the Tamla (Motown) label. It includes the group's Top 10 smash single Mickey's Monkey written and produced by Holland-Dozier-Holland. Mickey's Monkey popularized The Monkey as a novelty dance and has been covered by several artists including The Hollies The Young Rascals and John Mellencamp.
 Tiempos Mejores is an EP a 45 LP (Single) by Mexican iconic pop singer Yuri. It was released in 1984. Yuri participated in the OTI earning the 3rd place and Best Female Performance [1]. This song was not included in any studio album.
 Interzone is an album by American composer John Zorn developed to pay tribute to the influence of writers William S. Burroughs and Brion Gysin and released on Zorn's Tzadik label in 2010.
 Karaoke Remix Vol.1 is a compilation album by the German Heavy metal group Helloween.It was only released in Japan. It features instrumental tracks from the Kai Hansen and Michael Kiske eras.
 Featuring Ourselves is a jazz/fusion album released in 1999 by Alex Machacek.
 Me Vuelves Loca (English You drive me crazy) is the 13th studio album by Mexican pop singer Daniela Romo that finished a decade. This is a mix of romantic ballads boleros and rancheras produced by Bebu Silvetti. It has her own version of the song Quisiera decir tu nombre (I'd like to call your name) of José Luis Perales and the song that gives the name of the title was written by Armando Manzanero and recorded as duet with Joan Manuel Serrat.
 Brutality Part 1 is a collaboration album Featuring Necro Goretex Ill Bill Mr Hyde. Released under Necro's Psycho+Logical-Records
 Without a Song is a 1983 album by country singer Willie Nelson.
 Sneakin' Suspicion was the fourth album by Dr. Feelgood and was released in 1977. During recording of Sneakin' Suspicion the band were dealt a potentially fatal blow with the departure of guitarist co-writer and focal point Wilko Johnson.The album reached number 10 in the UK Albums Chart in June 1977 and remained in that chart for six weeks. It also spawned their first single to enter the corresponding UK Singles Chart - Sneakin' Suspicion.Despite its thriving British success Dr.
 Eighth Wonder is the eighth studio album by Japanese music group AAA released on September 18 2013. The album contains five singles that were previously released —Niji Miss you/Hohoemi No Saku Basho Party It Up Love Is In The Air and Koi Oto to Amazora— all of which made the top 10 on the Oricon weekly singles chart.Eighth Wonder debuted at the number one spot on the Oricon weekly album chart selling over 46000 copies in its first week.
 Believers Never Die – Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album by American rock band Fall Out Boy. It was released on November 17 2009 in the United States by Island Records containing all of the songs the band has released as singles throughout their career thus far in chronological order as well as two new songs and two rarities. It is available as a CD or CD/DVD set with music videos. The album features an original wrap-around illustration by artist Daniel Danger.
 Live at the Bottom of the Hill in San Francisco is a live album by Avail recorded during a show at Bottom of the Hill in San Francisco in 1997. The show was part of Avail's tour supporting their latest studio album 4am Friday which was released in 1996. Live at the Bottom... was released on Lookout! Records in 1998.
 Zenyatta Mondatta (spelled as Zenyattà Mondatta on the album cover artwork) is the third album by The Police released in 1980. It features the two mega hit singles: Don't Stand So Close to Me and De Do Do Do De Da Da Da. It was their third and final album to bear a Foreign language title.
 Baby I'm Yours was Maureen McGovern's eighth studio album (and her first album in three years) released in 1992.This is a cover album of 15 songs from the years 1955 to 1970. Inside the album cover are notes that McGovern made about her youth in Youngstown Ohio and specific notes on all of the selected songs on the album and how they are meaningful to her. The seventh track is a medley of two songs by the Beatles.
 Slaughterhouse is the only album by the Ty Segall Band (named after American garage rock singer-songwriter Ty Segall).
 Supertramp is the self-titled debut album by progressive rock band Supertramp released in July 1970. It has sometimes been published under the title Now and Then. The album explored a more conventional style of progressive rock than their later works and was their only album recorded without a saxophonist.It was not released in the United States until late 1977 but available through importers and was usually carried in record stores that specialised in British imports.
 The First Collage is the debut and first EP by Yang Yo-seob released on November 26 2012.
 Dry-humping the Cash Cow is Alice Donut's first live album release in 1994. It was recorded at CBGB New York.
 Tenth Dimension is the second studio album by English heavy metal band Blaze Bayley then known as Blaze released in 2002. It is a concept album.
 Con Amor...Boleros is a Venezuelan music album of 1992 made by Soledad Bravo with the seal TH-Rodven  in this album presents different famous bolero songs.
 Not to be confused with Infernal Affairs the 2002 Hong Kong crime-thriller film nor its prequel and sequel.Infernal Affairs is the debut album by the Danish dance act Infernal released in 1998 in Denmark. It became an unexpected success selling more than 80000 copies (two-times platinum). The album was awarded Danish Upfront Dance Release of the Year at the 1999 Danish Grammy Awards.
 Now / Traveler (1992) is an album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach. It contains his first two albums Now (1982) and Traveler (1983) on one disc.
 If I Could See Dallas is the first album by the indie rock band Japancakes.
 As You Were is a 2005 live album by English acoustic roots duo Show of Hands.The band recorded with helm at Mick Dolan the entire 2004 winter tour onto minidisk. This meant ploughing through each show the following day to identify the best performances and then collating and working through the A list again to find the best tracks. This album is the first to credit Miranda Sykes.
 Death Acoustic is a solo acoustic record by American musician Nick Oliveri. The album contains mostly cover songs of bands Oliveri is involved in directly or is a fan of. Bands covered include Raw Power GG Allin Moistboyz Kyuss Queens of the Stone Age The Misfits and The Dwarves. On January 15 2010 the album was nominated for a High Times 2010 Doobie Award in the Best Alternative Rock Artist category. The winning nominees were awarded on March 21 2010.
 Punk Rock Confidential is the sixth full length album by pop punk band The Queers and the first album released on Hopeless Records.
 That's Nat is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley first released on the Savoy label featuring performances by Adderley with Jerome Richardson Hank Jones Wendell Marshall and Kenny Clarke.
 The Rape of El Morro is an album by American arranger/conductor and composer Don Sebesky featuring performances recorded in 1975 and released on the CTI label.
 Fresh is the fourth studio album by Teddybears STHLM. It was released in 2004 by Epic Records. In 2005 Fresh was re-released by Sony Records dropping the last song Alma of the track listing.The album has been released with two alternative covers: one depicting the band members with a white backdrop along with the band name and one with album title and band name with a black background.
 Light Chasers is an album by Cloud Cult that was released in stores on September 14 2010.It was released on the band's website via digital download and mail order on June 28 2010.
 This Little Bird is the fourth studio album by Allison Crowe to be released on her independent label Rubenesque Records Ltd. Overall it's the fifth album release from the Canadian singer-songwriter — following Crowe's double-CD Live at Wood Hall album of 2005 (see 2005 in music).
 Howling Bells is the self-titled debut album of London-based Australian indie rock band Howling Bells. The album was released through Bella Union in the United Kingdom on 8 May 2006. It was produced engineered and mixed by Ken Nelson and was recorded at Parr Street Studios Liverpool in early 2005.The album was predominantly written by vocalist and rhythm guitarist Juanita Stein. The majority of the album's themes revolve around her own relationships and feelings of affection.
 Scientist Rids the World of the Evil Curse of the Vampires is an album by the dub musician Scientist. It was originally released in 1981. A digitally remastered version was released by Greensleeves Records as the 25th of their Reggae Classics series in 2001.
 Somewhere Out There is the 7th full album released by MONKEY MAJIK on March 7 2012. The album itself is a dedication to Sendai and all of those affected by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami with songs that are reflective of this theme. The lead single from the album is Headlight followed by HERO. Ki wo Ueta Otoko was released in 2011 as a digital charity single for the earthquakes.
 Don't Be Afraid is a 1997 industrial / electronic album by Information Society. It saw a dramatic change in creative direction from the pop stylings of Information Society's earlier work to a darker sound with prominent themes of paranoia and disaffection with modern life. The sound of Don't Be Afraid is most similar to the late 1990s dark industrial work of Gary Numan.The album was created as a solo effort by Information Society frontman Kurt Harland.
 Julafton hemma was released on 11 November 1993 and is a Christmas album from Swedish dansband Wizex.
 If 4 is the fourth album released by the English jazz rock band If. It was first issued in 1972 and the last album to feature the original recording line-up. Capitol Records the band's U.S. label declined to issue this fourth album. Most of the tracks on this album were issued in the U.S. on Waterfall in a slightly different form (and new line-up) by Metromedia Records.If 4 was reissued in CD by Repertoire in 2007.
 First Base is an album by the rock music group Babe Ruth. Produced by Alan Shacklock and Nick Mobbs and engineered by Tony Clark at the EMI's Abbey Road Studios between June and September 1972 it was released that year.The album went gold in Canada sold well in the US but had disappointing sales by comparison in the UK. The song The Mexican has been covered and remixed many times. Among them it was covered in 1984 by John Jellybean Benitez with vocals by Janita Haan.
 Yer Favourites is a two-disc compilation album by The Tragically Hip. The tracks for Yer Favourites were selected by the band's fans on its website and were remastered.
 Dance Music Will Tear Us Apart is an EP from New Zealand band Minuit.Each track of this EP was produced by either 'Funknslocuts' (Ryan Beehre) or 'Gimme A C!' (Paul Dodge) in collaboration with lead singer Ruth Carr.
 Hard Rain is the debut studio album by British melodic rock band Hard Rain. It was released in 1996 on German record label Semaphore GmbH.Following the demise of Magnum in 1995 guitarist and songwriter Tony Clarkin and vocalist Bob Catley set off in search of a slight change in musical direction. New songs were recorded a deal was struck and the end result was this album.
 Testifying is the debut album led by jazz organist Larry Young which was recorded in 1960 and released on the New Jazz label.
 Velvet Lined Shell is a 6 track mini-album by Toyah Willcox. It was cited as a return to her punk roots. Recorded in her home town of Birmingham most of the tracks have a deliberately raw feel to them with Willcox naming Nick Cave and Garbage amongst her newer influences.Like Toyah's first album Sheep Farming In Barnet Velvet Lined Shell was a compilation of tracks previously released on single and EP in their own right.
 French singer-songwriter Renaud's second unnamed studio album is commonly known as Laisse béton although it is sometimes referred to as Place de ma mob after the wall inscription on the album cover. It was released in 1977 by Polydor Records.
 Famous Graves is the upcoming fourth full-length studio album by rock group Cheap Girls scheduled for release on May 12 2014 in the United Kingdom and on May 13 2014 in the United States via Xtra Mile Recordings. It will be available on CD vinyl and as a digital download. The album was recorded over three months in Chicago Illinois and Grand Rapids Michigan by Rick Johnson and Jeff Dean. It was self-produced by the band and mixed with the help of Dean.
 Radio 1's Live Lounge is a collection of live tracks played on Jo Whiley's Radio 1 show. It consists of both covers and the bands' own songs. Originally it was scheduled for release in May 2006 but later changed to be released on 16 October 2006.
 Tabarly is the original soundtrack album of the documentary film of the same title. It is composer Yann Tiersen's first soundtrack since 2003's Good Bye Lenin! and first studio album since 2005's Les Retrouvailles. The album was recorded in Ushant and at Qu'en reste-t-il? studio in Paris mixed at Davout studios in Paris mastered at Loud Mastering and released through Virgin Records and EMI France in CD format on 16 July 2008.
 Heaven is the debut album of British neo soul singer Jason Rowe performing under the name Jai. The album was released on 11 November 1997. While well-reviewed it would be Rowe's only album for nearly ten years with Rowe later releasing his second album Lovelife under his full name in February 2007.The album includes covers of the Arthur Hamilton standard Cry Me a River as well as Magnolia an early song of J. J. Cale's.
 Portrait of Sonny Criss is an album by saxophonist Sonny Criss recorded in 1967 and released on the Prestige label.
 Gyuu is the 1st album by Masami Okui released on April 21 1995.
 Do It Yourself is the only album by the Seahorses an English alternative rock band that John Squire formerly guitarist in the Stone Roses formed. The album's cover features a photograph of Squire's 1996 sculpture in the shape of globe made of puzzle pieces and also named Do It Yourself.The album was released to mixed-to-positive reviews but was well received by the British public.
 Bodega Bohemia is the fourth studio album by German synthpop band Camouflage released in April 26 1993 by Metronome Musik. The band moved to Hamburg and began working on the album in mid-1992 following the release of the sideproject EP Areu Areu. The aim of the album was to return to an electronic presentation with as much influence from electronics as possible. The resulting album was not promoted well by Metronome who only released the album and its three singles in Germany.
 Virtuoso Guitar is an album released by Laurindo Almeida in 1977 on Crystal Clear CCS 8001. The album was recorded direct-to-disc and uses the 45rpm format. The recording is a blend of jazz and classical music.
 I'll Be Around is the fifth studio album by the American bluegrass band Split Lip Rayfield released on October 15 2008 (see 2008 in music). It is significant in that this is the first studio album after former guitar player Kirk Rundstrom's death and it is dedicated to his memory. Also of note in the liner notes is a set of instructions to the building of the famous Gas-Tank Bass of Jeff Eaton.
 Holes released in 2004 is the first album by indie pop band melpo mene produced by Imperial Recordings.
 Aiko-Kayohaku is Aiko Kayo's first PV collection DVD. It was released on July 27 2005 by avex.
 Now That's What I Call the 1990s is a special edition compilation album from the (U.S.) Now! series released on November 9 2010. It entered the Billboard 200 albums chart at No. 173 in the issue dated November 27 2010.
 Best Reason to Buy the Sun is a 2005 (see 2005 in music) album from the Benevento-Russo Duo. Made up of only Joe Russo and Marco Benevento playing only Keyboards and Drums the Duo's debut studio recording is remenisent of Medeski Martin & Wood or late Phish to such a degree that Mike Gordon previously of Phish toured with the Duo following the release of the album.
 Crown of Thorns is the solo debut album from American rapper Rakaa of the Dilated Peoples crew. It was released on Decon in 2010.
 Soulless is the third album by Grave. The band adopted a slower and deeper sound for this album.A video for the title track was filmed.
 Fornever is the fourth collaboration album by rapper Murs & producer 9th Wonder released on April 13 2010 on SMC Recordings.
 Filmworks XXI: Belle de Nature/Rijksmuseum features a score for film by John Zorn. The album was released on Zorn's own label Tzadik Records in 2008 and contains music that Zorn wrote and recorded for film director Maria Beatty's Belle de Nature (2008) and a documentary on the renovation of the Rijksmuseum Amsterdam.
 Land of the Living is the first official album from singer-songwriter Kristine W. It consists of Hi-NRG and some Vocal House songs.Feel What You Want One More Try and Land of the Living were released as singles.
 Sincerely is music album by End of a Year. It was released 2006.
 One Ride in Vegas is the debut album of American country music singer Deryl Dodd. It was released in 1996 via Columbia Records. The album includes the singles Friends Don't Drive Friends… That's How I Got to Memphis and Movin' Out to the Country.
 Envy is the debut studio album by American band Eve's Plum released on August 31 1993 on 550 Records.[1] Before it was released the debut single Blue was promoted on MTV appearing on an episode of Beavis and Butthead. However the single and album failed to chart. Second Single Die Like Someone was released the following year and also failed to chart.
 Medazzaland is the ninth album by British pop rock group Duran Duran. It was released by Capitol Records on 14 October 1997 (1997-10-14) in the U.S. where it reached #58 on the Billboard album chart. It was never officially released in Europe.The album is the follow-up to the poorly received covers album Thank You and bassist John Taylor left the band in January 1997 before recording was complete.
 Play My Game is the debut solo album by vocalist Tim Owens. Many well known musicians perform on the album. Play My Game was released by SPV on May 15 2009 in Germany May 18 2009 in Europe and May 19 2009 in the US and Canada.The album features such guests as Doug Aldrich (Whitesnake) Billy Sheehan (Mr. Big) Bruce Kulick (ex-KISS) Jeff Loomis (Nevermore) Michael Wilton (Queensrÿche) James Lomenzo (ex-Megadeth) Steve Stevens (Billy Idol) and Vinny Appice (ex-Black Sabbath ex-Dio).
 Skydivin' is the début solo studio album by British dance musician Darren Styles.
 The Remix Album is an album released by Milli Vanilli in 1990. Due to the significant differences between the original Milli Vanilli debut album All or Nothing and the US-only Girl You Know It's True release producer Frank Farian decided to repackage these previously unreleased songs in a remix album.The unreleased in the US songs are Money Can't You Feel My Love and Boy in the Tree. One additional song a cover entitled Hush was previously unreleased worldwide.
 Ragged Jack is an album by keyboardist Jamie Saft and trumpeter Cuong Vu which was released on the Japanese Avant label in 1997.
 Soulsation! is a 4-CD box set of music performed by The Jackson 5 throughout their tenure in Motown spanning from 1969 to 1975 when they left for CBS Records. Released in 1995 it was released to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the year the group became the first group to have their first four releases go straight to #1 on the Billboard charts and featured an intro from the group's baby sister Janet liner notes from David Ritz and an essay from the brothers' first producer Bobby Taylor.
 Storm Season is the fourth studio album by the Norwegian progressive rock band White Willow. It is the last album to feature Sylvia Erichsen (currently known as Sylvia Skjellestad) on vocals until her return on 2011's Terminal Twilight.
 Special Moves is a live album by Scottish post-rock band Mogwai released on 23 August 2010 through Rock Action Records. Some of the formats in which the album was sold included a live performance documentary entitled Burning recorded at the same live shows.
 Hits 93 Volume 4 was the final compilation in a series of four collecting the biggest hits of 1993. It was released by Telstar Records and BMG and it charted at #2 in December 1993. The Hits 93 series are considered an extension of the original The Hits Album series which ran from 1984 to 1991 which BMG issued in association with CBS and WEA from 1986.
 Empire of the Undead is the eleventh studio album by German power metal band Gamma Ray released in March 28 2014. It will be their first album to feature new drummer Michael Ehré following Dan Zimmerman's departure in 2012.
 Fatou is the debut album from Malian musician Fatoumata Diawara.
 A Love Hate Masquerade is the final album from Kids in the Way. A music video was made for the song Fiction.
 Let It Go is the fourteenth album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine recorded for the Impuse! label in 1966 and performed by Turrentine with Shirley Scott Ron Carter and Mack Simpkins. The CD release added four bonus tracks three of which originally released on Scott's Everybody Loves a Lover recorded in 1964 and featuring Bob Cranshaw and Otis Finch in place of Carter and Simpkins.
 Geronimo's Cadillac is the debut album of American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey released on May 25 1972 by A&M Records (4358). Recorded at Columbia Recording Studios in Nashville Tennessee and London England the album is considered one of his finest albums. The title track was Murphey's first Top 40 hit and was also recorded by Cher and Hoyt Axton. The Monkees recorded What Am I Doing Hangin' 'Round? in June 1967 for their album Pisces Aquarius Capricorn & Jones Ltd..
 Live - And The Crowd Went Wild is a compilation album of live songs by Sherbet released in 2007.
 Expatriate is the debut album from Toronto Canada-based indie rock group The Coast. The album was released in Canada on April 1 2008 and in the UK on February 9 2009 via Aporia Records. The album was released digitally in the US on August 19 2008 and was released on CD on May 5 2009 by Minneapolis-based indie record label Afternoon Records. Expatriate follows the band's critically acclaimed debut self-titled EP from 2006.
 Steel City Trawler is the fifth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Luke Doucet released August 31 2010 on Six Shooter Records. The album was named as a longlisted nominee for the 2011 Polaris Music Prize.
 Love Me Please Love Me is the third original album or LP by 1960s British girl singer Sandie Shaw. It was issued by Pye Records in November 1967 several months after Shaw's triumph in that year's Eurovision Song Contest. The album mainly contains cover versions of songs made popular by other artists like Michel Polnareff's Love Me Please Love Me though two songs are written by Chris Andrews who was Shaw's personal songwriter for much of the 1960s.
 The Food Album is a compilation album by American singer-songwriter Weird Al Yankovic released on June 22 1993 by Scotti Brothers Records. The release features ten of Yankovic's song parodies all of which pertain to food. A similar album The TV Album which features songs entirely about television would be released two years later.The album was begrudgingly released by Yankovic who felt that the compilation was unnecessary and merely a way for his record label to make money.
 The Real Folk Blues is a series of blues compilation albums released between 1965 and 1967 by Chess Records and distributed by MCA Records. Each album in the series highlighted the music of one major Chess artist including John Lee Hooker Howlin' Wolf Muddy Waters and Sonny Boy Williamson II. The series overseen by Marshall Chess was a reaction to the increasing audience for the blues following the British Invasion.
 Stand by Your Man is a 7 EP by Lemmy of the British band Motörhead and Wendy O. Williams of the American punk rock band Plasmatics recorded and released in 1982.
 Common Touch is an album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine featuring Shirley Scott recorded for the Blue Note label in 1968 and performed by Turrentine with Shirley Scott Jimmy Ponder Bob Cranshaw and Leo Morris. The CD reissue added one bonus track recorded in a different session and originally released on Ain't No Way (LT 1095 1980). The other four tracks from said out of print LP may be found on the CD reissue of Easy Walker.
 Drive Live is the title of the fourth live album by singer-songwriter Judie Tzuke released in 2002.
 Inter*Face is the eighteenth album by Klaus Schulze. It was originally released in 1985 and in 2006 was the twentieth Schulze album reissued by Revisited Records. The two bonus tracks on the reissue were both previously released on Schulze's 25-disc CD box set Jubilee Edition (1997) which was later included on the 50-disc CD box set The Ultimate Edition (2000). However a shorter version of Nichtarische Arie was included (as Maxxi 7:43).
 Comin' At Ya! is the second album by the former Santana and Azteca band member Coke Escovedo. It was produced by Patrick Gleeson and released in 1976.
 Bible of a Pimp is a compilation by Too Short. It is a 2002 rerelease of his independent CDs from 1983 & 85 with a bonus DVD.
 The Bluetones is the fifth album by The Bluetones. It was released on 9 October 2006 on Cooking Vinyl.The album sees the band reunite with producer Hugh Jones who was at the controls for the band's first two albums Expecting to Fly and Return To The Last Chance Saloon. Despite largely positive reviews the album failed to chart in the Top 75 UK Albums Chart after its first week on release. The lead single was My Neighbour's House which reached #68 in the UK chart.
 Now Summer 2007 is a compilation CD released by EMI Music Australia in late 2006. Like most Australian summer compilations it is released in December and is meant to carry on throughout January and February (the three months of summer). It has two CDs which no other NOW CD in Australia has. Now Summer 2007 is the 15th CD of the Australian Now! series.
 More Kidz Bop Gold is an album in the Kidz Bop series featuring songs from '60s '70s and '80s.
 Moods is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1978 and released by the Enja label. Originally released as a double LP the CD reissue omitted three of the piano solos (which were included as bonus tracks on the CD reissue of One-Upmanship) to fit onto one compact disc and altered the running order; a later CD reissue reinstated Waldron's Soul Eyes.
 Bright Best is Bright's first best of album and fifth overall. It is also their last album as they announced in April 2013 that they would disband after their last one-man show on May 12 2013. The album features all of Bright's best singles with three new songs; Forever Hakanakute and Dear My Friend. The song Dear My Friend was written by group leader NAGI making it the second song to be written by a member of the group; the first being Still... which was written by MEG.
 Southpaw is Irish-English singer-songwriter Gilbert O'Sullivan's fifth studio album originally released in November 1977. This was the first album produced by Gilbert O'Sullivan. Union Square Music re-released it in June 2012 on Salvo label in part of the Gilbert O'Sullivan - A Singer & His Songs collection.
 Fushitsusha is the debut live album of the Japanese band Fushitsusha released in 1989 through P.S.F. Records.
 Hot Fun is the third album from Dayton with the ever popular redention of Sly and the Family Stone's 1969 classic song Hot Fun in the Summertime.
 Once Upon a Time is the seventh studio album by Simple Minds released in 1985.Although already successful in their native UK and Europe the band had also now become popular in the US mainly due to the Keith Forsey-penned Don't You (Forget About Me) which appeared on The Breakfast Club soundtrack and had become a No.1 hit there. However the band deliberately left the track off the album due to their reluctance to record it.
 Goodbye Girl (グッバイ ガール Gubbai Gāru) is the 16th studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima released in November 1988.The album includes Namida her own rendition of a song Nakajima originally wrote for Kiyoshi Maekawa.
 Adult Crash is the third album by New York band Leeway. It was released in October 1994 on Bulletproof Records and follows Desperate Measures. It was followed by 1995's Open Mouth Kiss.
 Animals with Human Intelligence is the third album by Enuff Z'nuff which is also their first and only album on Arista Records. In addition to the promotional video Right By Your Side the band made a live appearance on Late Night with David Letterman performing the song Superstitious. The song Innocence was released as a follow-up single though no video was made to promote it.
 Big When Far Small When Close is the third studio album by Japanese band eX-Girl released on the PARANOIZ label in Japan (PAR-50024) and by KIKI Poo Records in the US (KPCD-001).The line-up consisted of Chihiro Kirilo and Fuzuki and the album was produced by Hoppy Kamiyama.Several of the tracks are sung a capella apart from the odd chime triangle or hand clap.
 Sweetbox is the debut album of Sweetbox. It was the first and only album to have Tina Harris on vocals and the last to have a R&B urban main influence as Jade Villalon took over on vocals on Classified and changed the sound of Sweetbox to classical infused pop. The album Sweetbox was released in 1998 in Europe and Asia. In North America the album was titled Everything's Gonna Be Alright.
 The Naked Truth is the fourth studio album by rapper Lil' Kim released on September 27 2005. This album was released on the first day of Kim's sentencing in which she went to jail for nearly a year on perjury charges. It was her last studio album released by Atlantic Records before deciding to part ways in 2008. Compared to her previous three albums The Naked Truth is Kim's least commercially successful album.
 Down in Albion is the debut album by Babyshambles Pete Doherty's post-Libertines band.Down in Albion was released on 14 November 2005 on Rough Trade Records although it was leaked on to the Internet on 19 October 2005. Produced by Mick Jones Down in Albion contains a rerecorded version of their second single Killamangiro as well as a reggae track Pentonville. The influence of The Clash has been noted on songs such as À rebours and The 32nd of December.
 Digital Ash in a Digital Urn is one of two Bright Eyes albums (along with I'm Wide Awake It's Morning) released on January 25 2005 by Saddle Creek Records. It peaked at #15 in the US and #43 in the UK. Contrasted to the acoustic nature of I'm Wide Awake It's Morning this album is more electronic.The singles Take It Easy (Love Nothing) from Digital Ash in a Digital Urn and Lua from the album I'm Wide Awake It's Morning took the top two slots on the Billboard Hot 100 Single Sales chart.
 Swing the Heartache: The BBC Sessions is a Bauhaus compilation released in 1989.
 Bill Haley and His Comets is the title of the tenth album of rock and roll recordings by Bill Haley & His Comets. Released in April 1960 it was the band's first album release for Warner Bros. Records following their departure from Decca Records at the end of 1959.
 Tune In Turn On Free Tibet is an album by the band Ghost. It was released by Drag City originally in 1999. It was released as a companion album with Snuffbox Immanence.The album has one cover song of a Pearls Before Swine song.
 White Line (2003) is an album by Memorain.
 Endangered Species is the 5th solo album from Big Hawk released posthumously. It features Slim Thug Paul Wall Lil' O Big Pokey Jimmy D & many more.
 The Hutch is the third studio album by Belgian group Steak Number Eight released throughout Spring 2013 in Benelux (March 18) Norway (April 19) and Europe (April 22). The album is released on the back of extensive touring throughout Europe in support of second album All is Chaos including on Metal Hammer's Razor Tour in the UK. The first song Black Eyed was released on February 27 2013. A full stream was released on De Standaard on March 11.
 Off Parole is the third studio album by American rapper Rappin' 4-Tay released March 19 1996 on Chrysalis Records. The album features production by The Enhancer G-Man Stan Lil' Fly Mike Dean Rappin' 4-Tay and Too Short. It peaked at number 10 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 38 on the Billboard 200.
 Flute Flight is an album by American jazz flautists Herbie Mann and Bobby Jaspar featuring tracks recorded in 1957 for the Prestige label.
 Ayza El Radd (or sometimes Ayza El Rad) is the 2nd album of Lebanese artist Nawal Al Zoghbi.The Album was released in 1994. Nawal First video clip ever was for the title song Ayza El Rad which was her breakthrough hit and made her famous throughout the Arab world. It is good to note that Nawal had an old clip that was a simple shooting of her song during a live performance the song of Wehyati Andak which was from her first album it can also be considered as her first television appearances.
 Draped Up & Chipped Out Vol. 4 is the seventh compilation album by American rapper Messy Marv. The album is the 4th and final album of his Draped Up & Chipped Out series. Although it never matched the success of the series' third volume it did peak at #79 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart #33 on the Heatseekers Albums chart #1 on the Top Heatseekers West North Central chart and #5 on the Top Heatseekers Pacific chart.
 Inconfundible is the sixth studio album recorded by Puerto Rican salsa singer Víctor Manuelle released on September 28 1999.
 Live in London & New York is a live album by English singer Corinne Bailey Rae. It was released in March 2007 in Europe and April 2007 worldwide.The album is a CD+DVD set including two different concerts CD and DVD was filmed during the World Tour 2006/2007. The CD was recorded at the Webster Hall in New York City and the DVD was filmed at St Luke's in London England. It is a BBC production. The track listings for the CD and DVD are the same.
 A Color Map of the Sun is a double-disc album by American electronic music artist Derek Vincent Smith better known by his stage name Pretty Lights released July 2 2013 on 8 Minutes 20 Seconds Records.The album is the first of Smith's to be composed from his own originally produced music in its entirety. Smith's recordings were pressed as samples to vinyl and then mixed using software. Purely analog modular synthesis was also used in the making of the album.
 Resurrection is the sixth studio album by the Japanese power metal/neo-classical metal band Galneryus released on June 23 2010. It is the first album to feature Galneryus' new singer Masatoshi Sho Ono and new bassist Taka after the departure of Yama-B (vocals) and Yu-To (bass). The track A Far-Off Distance was used as the ending theme for the anime TV series Rainbow: Nisha Rokubō no Shichinin.
 Yanqui U.X.O. is the third studio album by the Canadian post-rock band Godspeed You! Black Emperor. It was produced and recorded by musician Steve Albini at the Electrical Audio in Chicago Illinois in late 2001.
 Wrath of the Math is the second album by hip hop artist Jeru the Damaja.
 Can't Look Away is the fourth studio album by former Yes guitarist Trevor Rabin released on July 10 1989 through Elektra Records; a remastered edition was reissued in 2011 through Voiceprint Records. The album reached No. 111 on the U.S. Billboard 200 and remained on that chart for ten weeks. Something to Hold on To was released as a single and reached No. 3 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock chart.
 Waving Not Drowning is a solo album by Rupert Hine. It was originally released in 1982 A&M Records and re-released on CD in 2001 VoicePrint. The Sniper was dedicated to Liam Byrne and House Arrest was dedicated to Donald Woods.
 I.E.N.A. is the second solo album of the Italian rapper Clementino released in December 19 2011.In this album there are two singles: La mia musica and Toxico.
 Collecting Sunlight is the first EP from Swedish artist Andreas Moe. It was self-released in the UK on June 25 2012 and received a wider release from Sony Music Sweden on the same date. The EP was highly anticipated worldwide receiving rave reviews from music bloggers.
 Horse With No Name is the fourth live album by American folk rock band America released by MasterTone Records in Germany in 1995. The concert was recorded (without a live audience) for the German television program Musikladen in early 1975. This release is the only officially-released live concert recording of America as a trio with Dan Peek. It included a standard audio CD along with a video CD of the same concert. This concert has also been aired on VH1 and on two separate DVD releases.
 Angel Heart is the seventh album by American singer-songwriter Jimmy Webb released in April 1982 by Real West Production.
 Wish You the Best is the first compilation album by Japanese recording artist Mai Kuraki. It was released on January 1 2004. The compilation won Pop Album of the Year at the 19th Japan Gold Disc Awards.
 Tyhjyys (Finnish for emptiness) is the third studio album by the Finnish dark metal band Ajattara. It was released in 2004 on Spikefarm Records.
 Grade moj (English translation: My Town) is the eleventh studio album of Bosnian singer Halid Bešlić. It was released in 1993.
 History of Ritchie Valens is a 3-record box set by Ritchie Valens featuring his three original Del-Fi albums (Ritchie Valens Ritchie & Ritchie Valens In Concert at Pacoima Jr. High) plus a booklet with biography and photos (See each album title for contents).The albums were replicated with the same covers as the original releases (with a cautionary note in the booklet indicating that the addresses shown on the covers were no longer valid).
 A Girl Like Me is the debut solo album by English recording artist Emma Bunton released in the United Kingdom on 16 April 2001 by Virgin Records. The album debuted and peaked at number four on the UK Albums Chart with 21500 copies sold in its first week. Although initial success was promising A Girl Like Me fell down the chart quickly.
 To The Center is the first full-length album by psychedelic/stoner band Nebula. This album has much more of a progressive/psychedelic sound to it than most of their other albums.
 Man ļoti patīk jaunais vilnis is the second album by Latvian band Dzeltenie Pastnieki released through magnitizdat in 1982 and 'officially' in 2003. The name of the album is Latvian for I really like New Wave. It was essentially recorded on the premises of the fishing kolkhoz Uzvara in Lielupe Jūrmala.
 The Impossible Thrill is Alpha's second LP. It was released on 20 March 2001 on Massive Attack's Melankolic record label. Combining trip hop downtempo and acid jazz the album features the vocals of Wendy Stubbs Helen White and Martin Barnard.
 Love Child was the second album released by the New York-based Latin freestyle trio Sweet Sensation. Released April 1990 this was the follow-up to the group's platinum-selling 1988 debut album Take It While It's Hot. Like its predecessor this album had an up-tempo feel but also included lavish R&B-styled ballads.The album's title song was a cover version of a #1 R&B/#1 Pop smash by the Supremes.
 Raised in Captivity is the seventh solo studio album by British musician John Wetton released in 2011.
 Chances Are was a compilation album by Bob Marley released in 1981 by WEA International throughout the world (and specifically through the Cotillion imprint of Atlantic Records in the U.S.).
 Naughty by Nature is the self-titled second album from Naughty by Nature released on September 3 1991 through Tommy Boy Records. It was a critical and commercial success having been certified platinum on February 6 1992 thanks in large part to the hit single O.P.P. which reached #6 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1991.Additional singles released from the album were Everything's Gonna Be Alright and Uptown Anthem both of which were minor hits on the Billboard charts.
 You Could Be is the fourth release of the Montreal-based instrumental act Torngat.
 Best Reached Horizons is the first 'Best-Of' album by the Brazilian power metal band Angra released on Oct 24 2012 via SPV/Steamhammer. This compilation marks the 20th Anniversary of the band and the idea behind the name's choice is based on the first demo released by Angra in 1992 entitled Reaching Horizons.
 Equinox Express Elevator is an album by American guitarist Howard Roberts recorded in 1972 for the Impulse! label.
 RituAlive is a live album and DVD released in 2003 by the metal band Shaman.
 Taboo & Exile is an album by John Zorn which synthetizes exotica hardcore punk classical jazz surf and world narration into a new prodigious genre. It is the second album to appear in Zorn's Music Romance Series following Music for Children (1998).
 ForThemAsses is the second album by California band OPM released on June 1 2004.
 Alien Shores was Platinum Blonde's 1985 follow up to their debut album Standing in the Dark. Released by Columbia/CBS Records Canada in 1985 it contained one of the band's biggest Canadian hits with Crying Over You and their only US hit Somebody Somewhere.This album was the first to feature Kenny MacLean as a full-time bassist and keyboardist. This freed lead singer Mark Holmes to focus on lead vocal duties.
 The Twain Shall Meet is an album by Eric Burdon & The Animals. It was released in 1968 on MGM Records.
 Zrkadlo rokov is the first compilation by the Modus band released on OPUS Records in 1987.
 This American Life: Hand It Over—Stories from Our First Year on the Air is the first compilation album featuring radio broadcasts from This American Life. The two-disc set contains stories about Scott Carrier doing a documentary on schizophrenics Ira Glass interviewing his mother Dan Savage's My Life As a Self Hating Republican and Julia Sweeney's discussion of her cancer. The set was an incentive during a public radio fund-drive.
 The Chain Gang Vol. 2 is the second album by rap group State Property. It was released in 2003. Young Gunz' Can't Stop Won't Stop was later nominated for the 2003 Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group Grammy Award.The album sold 296000 units
 Oop-Pop-A-Do is an album by the Moe Koffman Quintet featuring trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie recorded in 1988 and released on the Soundwing label.
 Bubble and Scrape is the fourth album by American indie rock band Sebadoh. It was released by Sub Pop in April 1993. Bubble and Scrape was the final Sebadoh album to feature songs composed by founding member Eric Gaffney.
 So Dark You See is a 2009 studio album by folk singer-songwriter John Gorka. The album offers eight new examples of Gorka's own lyrical songwriting two instrumental tracks poetry of Robert Burns and William Stafford performed and set to music by Gorka covers of songs by fellow folkies Utah Phillips and Michael Smith and Gorka's take on the blues standard Trouble in Mind.
 Octopus is the seventh full-length studio album recorded by the British synthpop band The Human League. It was produced by the former Tears for Fears keyboard player Ian Stanley and released by EastWest Records in 1995. It was the first new album from the Human League in five years after the termination of their long-term contract with Virgin Records.
 Songs of Innocence and of Experience is an album by folk singer/guitarist Greg Brown released in 1986. Brown sets the poetry of William Blake (see Songs of Innocence and of Experience) to music.
 The Immunity Zone is the fourth full-length album by progressive metal band Andromeda.
 The Best Of The Korgis is a compilation album by English pop band The Korgis. It was released by Action Replay in 1990.This is a CD re-issue of the 1983 UK album The Best of The Korgis.
 The Nylon Curtain is the eighth studio album by American singer-songwriter Billy Joel released on September 23 1982 and produced by Phil Ramone.The Nylon Curtain peaked at number seven in the Billboard album charts with two million sales in the United States alone. It was one of the first albums to be digitally recorded mixed and mastered.
 Think This is the second studio album by the American thrash metal band Toxik released in 1989 by Roadracer Records. The album was re-released by Metal Mind Productions and Displeased Records in 2007. Artwork was designed by Ed Repka.
 Sahara is the second studio album by the American hard rock band House of Lords released on August 21 1990.The album was recorded without original guitarist Lanny Cordola but with Michael Guy as the band's guitarist. Still the album features many guest contributors on guitar such as Doug Aldrich (Whitesnake Hurricane) Rick Nielsen (Cheap Trick) Chris Impellitteri (Impellitteri) and Mandy Meyer (Asia Krokus).
 U2360° at the Rose Bowl is a 2010 concert film by Irish rock band U2. It was shot on 25 October 2009 on the band's U2 360° Tour date at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena California. The Rose Bowl concert featured a sold out crowd of 97014 people and was broadcast live over the Internet via YouTube. The concert video was released on DVD and Blu-ray on 3 June 2010 in the United States 7 June in the United Kingdom and 8 June in Canada.
 Everlasting Love is the seventh studio album (eighth overall) by Vanessa Williams released in the United States on January 25 2005 by Lava Records.
 Hard Drive is the debut album from York rock band The Sorry Kisses which was released on April 28 2008.The album has been created as an outlet for Hayley Hutchinson's louder songs which contrast with her usual acoustic style.
 Stória stória... is the second album by the Cape Verdean musician Mayra Andrade released in 2009.
 Race With The Devil is the fourth live album by British heavy metal band Girlschool released on Disky Records in 2002. It is the recording of a concert held during the 1983 tour for Play Dirty.
 A King & Two Queens is an album by American country music artist George Jones. This album was released in 1964 on the United Artists Records.
 Rock Is Dead—Long Live Rock was the title of an unreleased 1972 autobiographical album by the British rock band The Who. In the liner notes for the Who's 1974 rarities collection Odds & Sods guitarist and lead songwriter Pete Townshend said I had an idea once for a new album about the history of The Who called Rock Is Dead—Long Live Rock. That idea later blossomed into Quadrophenia. The sessions for the album spanned from 19 May to 6 June at Olympic Studios in London.
 The Sham Mirrors is the third studio album by Norwegian avant-garde metal band Arcturus. It was released on April 9 2002.The Sham Mirrors is a departure from the band's previous albums; it features a much more modern outer space-influenced sound as opposed to the classical music-inspired layered melodies of 1997's La Masquerade Infernale and contains elements of trip-hop ambient music and electronica in addition to the band's typical heavy and black metal sound.
 From Coffee House To Concert Hall is a 1999 folk music album by Canadian Stan Rogers. It is a compilation album of unreleased songs which were recorded before Stan's death. Perhaps the most interesting recording being the lastDown the Road which he recorded a mere five days before he died.
 You Are Being Lied to is Kinesis' second and follow up album to Handshakes For Bullets. It is also the final release made by the band just before they split up in 2005. Released 29 September 2003 by Captains of Industry and financed by the band.Having been dropped by their former label Independiente Records in January 2004 the band still had songs left in them.
 The Masquerade is Mêlée's third studio album released on Sire / Warner Bros. Records in Japan on August 18 2010.
 Wines & Spirits is the fourth studio album by American R&B/soul artist Rahsaan Patterson released in September 2007 under Artistry Music. The album debuted at No. 42on Billboards Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. The singles Stop Breaking My Heart peaked at #59 and Feels Good at #76 on Billboards Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks. The album was produced by Patterson along with long time friends/music collaborators Jamey Jaz and Keith Crouch and a variety of other producers.
 The Naked Brothers Band: Music from the Movie is an EP/soundtrack by The Naked Brothers Band for The Naked Brothers Band: The Movie. It was released as an extra disc on the Naked Brothers Band Movie DVD. The disc was only available with the DVD for a short time only and now is only available to buy on Amazon. It was not an official release and has not yet been released separately or on The iTunes Store. The first single Crazy Car charted on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2005 at number 23.
 Pagkatapos Ng Palabas is the third studio album of the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It's a 10-track album released in 1978 under JEM Records.
 Boys II Men is the first studio album by Maskinen released on November 18 2009.
 Despise the Sun is an EP released in 1998 by Suffocation. It was the last recording before Suffocation's breakup (and subsequent reformation in 2003) and the last to feature guitarist Doug Cerrito and bassist Chris Richards.
 This Child is the second album by Susan Aglukark released in 1995. The album was Aglukark's commercial breakthrough in Canada spawning chart hits with O Siem and Hina Na Ho (Celebration) and making Aglukark the first Inuk performer ever to have a Top 40 hit.This album was also released in Japan on September 6 1995 with the catalog number of TOCP-8650.
 Live from Manila is a 2006 album recorded by the R&B vocalist Angela Bofill.This album was a milestone in Bofill’s 28 year career. It is her first live concert recording as well as her final release following her stroke on January 10 2006. Performing before a packed Merk’s Bistro in Manila Philippines she covered signature hits that brought her to the attention of the music world.
 Simon and Garfunkel's Greatest Hits is the first compilation album from Simon & Garfunkel released on June 14 1972 two years after the duo had disbanded.
 Sukiyaki and Other Japanese Hits is an album by Kyu Sakamoto released in 1963 in the U.S. by Capitol Records. All of the songs on the album are sung in Japanese and feature the title track a #1 hit in the U.S. for three weeks in 1963 and peaking at #6 in the UK when issued by EMI on its HMV label. The 'b'-side Anoko No Namaewa Nantenkana and a cover of Good Timin' a hit in 1960 for R&B singer Jimmy Jones in both the US and the UK.The Japanese text on the box translates as Dynamite.
 Point Blank is the title of the first album by southern rock group Point Blank.
 Release in 2001 Al Quds Tunadeena is the second album by Ahmed Bukhatir. One of the nasheeds in this album Zayid Al Wafa is dedicated to the Founder and late President of the United Arab Emirates Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan.
 Adventures in Eville is the third full-length album by the Christian pop punk band Eleventyseven. It was released digitally via iTunes on April 21 2009. It was later released as a physical CD on June 30 2009 independently and is still currently available for purchase.An official music video for Evil Genius was posted by Eleventyseven via YouTube on July 28 2009.
 I is the first solo mini-album of South Korean singer Kim Jaejoong a member of pop group JYJ. The EP was released on 17 January 2013 and is composed of rock songs two of which were composed by Kim Ba-da from the rock band Sinawe. One of the songs 나만의 위로 (Healing for Myself) was a soundtrack from the film Jackal is Coming which starred Jaejoong and Song Jihyo. The album was an immediate commercial success with all 120000 initial copies of the album selling out within two weeks.
 Kompakt: Total 10 or Total 10 was released on 10 August 2009. The album is the tenth installment of the Cologne-based microhouse label's annual compilation of vinyl releases and exclusives from its biggest artists and most promising newcomers.
 Swar Utsav is a live album of the Indian singer and Ghazal composer Hariharan released in the year 2001. The album features 6 songs all of them performed by Hariharan during a concert at India Gate New Delhi in 2001.The song Patta Patta Boota Boota is written by 18th-century poet Mir Taqi Mir. This song was composed by Hariharan itself. The other songs are written by Naushad Ali Daag Dehlvi and Jan Nisar Akhtar.
 From a Scream to a Whisper was a compilation album consisting of material taken from all of Lowlife's previously released singles EPs and albums. No new or previously unavailable songs appeared on the album.
 Blender is the third studio album released by American alternative pop band The Murmurs; it was released in 1998 on MCA. The album was produced by Larry Klein k.d. lang and Matthew Wilder. Blender includes some re-recorded tracks from their second album Pristine Smut and three new songs. All of the tracks were written by band members Leisha Hailey and Heather Grody. One Smash was co-written with members of rock band The Go-Go's Jane Wiedlin and Charlotte Caffey.
 Strange Mercy is the third studio album by musician St. Vincent released by 4AD on September 12 2011 in the United Kingdom and a day later in the United States. The album's cover art was designed by St. Vincent and was photographed by Tina Tyrell. The album peaked at #19 on the Billboard 200 making it St. Vincent's highest charting album yet only to be surpassed by her next solo album St. Vincent. In addition Strange Mercy also received significant critical acclaim.
 Volume 8 is an album released by Italian singer/songwriter Fabrizio De André. It was first issued in 1975 on Ricordi and then re-released by BMG.
 Shitfuckers!!! is a 2001 breakcore EP by Venetian Snares.
 The Compilation is a compilation album by UTP released on October 8 2002 through Orpheus Records.
 Hôtel Costes Vol. 15 is a downtempo/lounge album compiled and mixed by Stéphane Pompougnac resident DJ of the highly fashionable Parisian cafe/restaurant Hôtel Costes.
 Live at the Olympia is the first live album by Damien Dempsey released in 2006. The recording is taken from a live performance at Dublin's Olympia Theater on 15 December 2005.The album was released as it was recorded live on the night without the addition of any overdubs.
 Hey Kandi... is the debut studio album by American singer Kandi Burruss released by Columbia Records on September 19 2000 (see 2000 in music) in North America.Co-produced by Kandi and Kevin She'kspere Briggs It debuted at number 72 on the Billboard 200 and number 32 on the U.S. Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop albums chart.
 All the Way to the Sun is the ninth studio album by the Norwegian hard rock band TNT.
 Sugoi Indeed is the eight studio album from Japanese garage metal trio Electric Eel Shock released 2009.
 Rhythm Killers is the second studio album by Jamaican musical duo Sly and Robbie released in May 1987 on Island Records. After their prolific output in reggae the duo experimented with electronic sounds and contemporary recording technology while branching out into international cross-genre endeavors during the 1980s. For the album they enlisted record producer and mentor Bill Laswell and recorded with an ensemble of musicians at Quad Recording in New York City.
 Real Ibiza VI is the sixth installation of the Real Ibiza series of React Music albums. It is an electronica/chill-out compilation album compiled by Phil Mison Mark Meyer Michelle Curry and James Horrocks under the React Music label. The album contains two discs of 12 songs with a total runtime of nearly 2 and a half hours.
 Catch Me! is an album by American jazz guitarist Joe Pass released in 1963 (see 1963 in music). It was Pass' first session as a leader.
 Well Oiled is the first recorded collaboration between Bardo Pond and Roy Montgomery released under the name Hash Jar Tempo on Drunken Fish on March 17 1997.
 Main Street is an album by Australian rock band Epicure. It was released on 17 October 2005.
 Sonny with a Chance is the soundtrack album from the Disney Channel Original Series of the same name. It was released on October 5 2010 from Walt Disney Records.Two singles were released from the soundtrack. The first single to be released was So Far So Great performed by Demi Lovato. The second single to be released was Me Myself and Time. The song managed to peak at number 6 on the US Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart.
 Infinity is the third solo album by Canadian musician Devin Townsend and the first released under his real name. The album was released in October 1998 on Townsend's label HevyDevy Records.
 Machine Dreams is the second studio album by Swedish electronic band Little Dragon. It was released on 17 August 2009 by Peacefrog Records.
 Gotta Be Me is the 7th studio album by rapper Devin The Dude released on November 2 2010. The first single Jus Coolin had been released on September the 27th.
 Elisa is a compilation album by Italian singer Elisa released in 2002.
 Young Canadian Mothers is an EP by the Canadian musician Owen Pallett released in 2006 under the name Final Fantasy. It was limited to 500 copies.
 Plumb is the fourth full-length studio album by English alternative band Field Music released on Memphis Industries Records on 13 February 2012. The album was recorded in their newly built studio in the band's native Sunderland. It was released on CD and on plum-coloured vinyl a reference to the album's title. In an interview with DIY David Brewis told the magazine I love the fact that the English language has so many homophones.
 It's a Fact is the first solo album by jazz musician Jeff Lorber.
 Green Lantern: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a soundtrack to the film of the same name and it was released in stores on June 14 2011. The soundtrack was composed by James Newton Howard who also worked on the other Warner Bros/DC Comics based films Batman Begins and The Dark Knight with Hans Zimmer. The soundtrack was published by WaterTower Music.All music composed by James Newton Howard.
 Big Red Car is the fifth album by the popular children's band The Wiggles released in 1995. This album won the 1995 ARIA Award for Best Children's Album.The songs Henry's Dance Teddy Bear Hug Joannie Works with One Hammer and I Am a Dancer were recorded in 1994 for the video Yummy Yummy. The song Pufferbellies also appeared on the re-recording of Yummy Yummy.
 H.M.S. Fable is the third album by Liverpudlian band Shack released in June 1999 via London Records. It was the band's first album following their reformation after the interest generated by their previous much-delayed album Waterpistol and the album by offshoot band The Strands. H.M.S.
 This Is...Augustus Pablo is an album by Augustus Pablo originally released in 1974 and co-written and produced by Pablo's childhood friend and critically acclaimed reggae producer Clive Chin. The album boasts an impressive list of session musicians including Ansel Collins on keyboards and Lloyd Parks and Aston Barrett both on bass guitar. The album was one of the first to showcase Pablo's unique use of the melodica.
 Love Is Like a Butterfly is the 14th solo studio album by Dolly Parton released in September 1974. The title track was the third consecutive single to reach #1 on the U.S. country charts for Parton. For the few years before her pop chart success Butterfly was considered Parton's signature song and was used as the theme song for her 1976 syndicated music series Dolly!. The album peaked at # 7 on the country albums charts.
 Seo Taiji & Boys (also referred to as Seo Taiji and Boys Seotaiji and Boys and Seo Taiji & Boys I) is the debut studio album by Korean pop trio Seo Taiji and Boys. The album brought the group major success a success that would continue through the band's next three albums and even frontman Seo Taiji's solo career.
 My Introduction is Thisha's debut album.
 Bez Ljubavi (English: Without Love) is the second studio album from Serbian pop singer Marija Šerifović. The album was recorded in 2005 but has been released in 2006.
 The Rescue is the first studio album by Contemporary Christian-Rock musician Adam Cappa released on March 13 2012 by BEC.
 Symphony for Improvisers is an album by Don Cherry featuring Gato Barbieri Henry Grimes Ed Blackwell Karl Berger Jean-François Jenny-Clark and Pharoah Sanders recorded in 1966 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Super Junky Alien is a 1996 EP by Japanese group Super Junky Monkey. It is a concept album which revolves around the concept of an RPG video game. Each track is thought of as a 'stage' in the video game and there are video game type sound effects throughout the album. It was released only in Japan and was the group's final release before the death of singer Mutsumi. It features a bonus track cover from 1995 of MTV's Top of the Hour theme.
 Field of Reeds is the third studio album by British art rock band These New Puritans released on June 10 2013 on Infectious Music.
 Ciclos is the seventeenth studio album by Nicaraguan recording artist Luis Enrique released by Top Stop Music on May 19 2009. The album became his first number-one set on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart since Una Historia Diferente in 1992.
 Womb of Dreams is the debut album by electro-disco band Fan Death. It was released on August 6 2010.
 Reality is the fourth album by Smooth. It was released on March 10 1998 through Perspective Records and featured production from Chris Stokes and the production duo Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis. This is her first album under Perspective Records after two albums recorded under Jive Records. It is also her first album where she sings on the entire project.
 Sonar Vs Muslimgauze is a remix album notable for being released by two notable artists Sonar and Muslimgauze.
 The Human Menagerie is the debut studio album by Cockney Rebel. Produced by Neil Harrison it was released by EMI Records in November 1973. The album failed to appear on British or American charts.The album was re-released in 2004 with the original charting single of Judy Teen included as a bonus track.
 The Destroyer is an album by electronic artist Alec Empire his first on his own record label Digital Hardcore Recordings released in 1996 in Europe and a revised version in 1998 in USA. Destroyer is also the name given to a series of EPs by Empire released two years before. Unlike his previous albums for Mille Plateaux The Destroyer had a much heavier sound more akin to that of his band Atari Teenage Riot and is considered as one of the earliest examples of a breakcore record.
 The Byrds' Greatest Hits Volume II is the second greatest hits album by the American rock band The Byrds. It was released in the United Kingdom on October 29 1971 by CBS Records (see 1971 in music) as a follow-up to the band's first compilation album The Byrds' Greatest Hits.
 Rogers Sings Rogerstein is the fifth solo album by You Am I frontman Tim Rogers. The album was released on 24 August 2012.
 Take Us to the Start is the first full-length studio album by American pop-rock singer-songwriter Matt Hires released exclusively through iTunes on July 15 2009 and then released August 25 2009 on Atlantic Records.The digital-only release hit the top 10 on iTunes' Top Albums chart despite only being available in a digital format the album debuted at #96 on the Billboard 200 albums chart and #16 on the digital downloads chart.All songs were written or co-written by Matt Hires and his long-time producer Eric Rosse (Sara Bareilles Tori Amos). 
 The Thirteenth Anniversary tour was a triumph both financially and critically for the Residents. It was also the last time Snakefinger would work with them as he died of a heart attack in 1987. The official album release of The Thirteenth Anniversary Show in 1987 was a recording of the show in Japan.
 The Lee Konitz Duets is an album by American saxophonist Lee Konitz recorded in 1967 and released in 1968 on the Milestone label.
 Playback is the third album from Luton based hip hop group Phi Life Cypher. It mostly comprises new material but also contains A-sides not released on previous Phi-Life Cypher albums (Over Cypher Funk The Shining) and tracks from other artists which featured Phi-Life Cypher (Cordless Mics at 20 Paces Distinguished Jamaican English Ghetto Rebels).
 White Arrows is a 2003 EP by the Australian band Full Scale released with the band's other EP Black Arrows (EP). The EPs were produced by Forrester Savell and were released through Popstar Records. All of the songs except Yellow Brittle were re-released on the band's album Full Scale (album).
 Land of Dreams is a 1988 album by Randy Newman featuring vignettes of his childhood in New Orleans. The best-known song on the album is It's Money That Matters which rose to the top of the Mainstream Rock chart for two weeks (and peaked at #60 on the Hot 100) to become Newman's only number one hit on any U.S.
 The Butterfly Effect (released on 21 October 2009 in Japan) is the third album by violinist Diana Yukawa. It is expected to be released worldwide in 2010.
 Live At Massey Hall 1971 is a live album by Neil Young. Released in 2007 the album features a solo acoustic performance from Massey Hall in Toronto Canada on 19 January 1971 during the Journey Through the Past Solo Tour. It is the second release in Young's Archives Performance Series. It reached #1 in Canada with 11000 units sold in its first week.
 Greatest Hits is the second greatest hits album by Danish-Norwegian pop band Aqua. The album was released on June 15 2009 on Universal. Although it is their second greatest hits album it is the first one to be released internationally with Cartoon Heroes: The Best of Aqua (2002) only being released in Japan.
 Night After Night is an album recorded live by the British band UK.Recorded in early June 1979 at Nakano Sun Plaza and Seiken Kan Tokyo Japan it is UK's third album and their first live album released in September 1979 in support of the band's US tour supporting Jethro Tull (which Eddie Jobson joined after UK's split) and later headlining European tour. The title track and As Long As You Want Me Here do not appear on any studio release by the band.
 Ghost of David is an album by the singer-songwriter Damien Jurado released in 2000 on Sub Pop records. The David of the title is Jurado's friend and former bandmate in Coolidge David Bazan who is most famously Pedro the Lion's frontman. In tone Ghost of David is bleak spare and depressing. Most of its thirteen songs concern deception death or tell tragic stories of deception and death.
 Beyond Euphoria is a compilation album released by Ministry of Sound in 2005.
 En Sol Mayor (English: In G Major) is the nineteenth studio album by Colombian musician singer-songwriter Joe Arroyo released by Sony Music Colombia on May 2 2000. Is one of the last albums with the sign Sony Music the album contains tropical mixes that shared with folk rhythms. The single Sabré Olvidar had a successful in Colombia being a cover of the American salsa band The TnT Band.
 Bang! is the ninth studio album by English hard rock band Thunder. It was released on 3 November 2008. Bang! is the only Thunder album to have a Parental Advisory sticker on the front cover due to a very brief use of profanity in On the Radio. It was their final studio album to be released prior to them splitting up in 2009.While writing the album Thunder released three limited edition EPs: Six of One ...Half a Dozen of the Other and The Joy of Six.
 Nineteeneighties is a 2006 cover album by Grant-Lee Phillips.
 The Rose Vol. 2 is a 2005 album of Tupac Shakur's poetry. This album features recordings of Tupac's poetry in musical form by other well-known artists such Ludacris and Bone Thugs n Harmony. Tupac's poems are quoted sung or simply used as inspiration for each track on this album. This is the second Tupac album containing poetry that has been released; the first The Rose that Grew from Concrete contains Tupac's poems being read and sung by other musical performers.
 The Second Wave: 25 Years of NWOBHM is a split studio album released in 2003 by British indie label Communiqué Records. The album contains five songs each from veteran bands of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal Oliver/Dawson Saxon (resulting from a split of Saxon) Girlschool and Tygers of Pan Tang. The album features both new songs and already published ones sometimes re-recorded for the occasion. The release of the album was followed by a UK tour of the three bands together.
 Right of Way is a trance album by DJ Ferry Corsten. It was the first album to be released under his own name. The album spawned three singles: Punk (UK #29) Rock Your Body Rock (UK #11) and It's Time (UK #51).[citation needed]
 Ornette at 12 is an album by the American jazz saxophonist and composer Ornette Coleman released on the Impulse! label in 1969. Although ostensibly a studio album you can clearly hear audience applause during and after the end of the tracks.
 On the Edge is the fifth and final studio album by the Hard Rock band The Babys. The album was produced by Keith Olsen in 1980. Turn and Walk Away was the lone single to chart on the Billboard Hot 100.
 The Lead is a 1985 e.p. by The Lead.
 Medina is an album by jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson. It was released in 1980 on Blue Note Records (LT 1086) featuring six tracks recorded on 11 August 1969. The CD reissue added five tracks (#7-11) recorded in 1968 previously released on vinyl in 1979 under the title Spiral.
 Somewhere Between is the debut studio album by the American country music singer-songwriter Suzy Bogguss released on March 21 1989 through Capitol Records. Preceded by the singles I Want to Be a Cowboy's Sweetheart and Somewhere Between the album reached number 41 on the Billboard Top Country Albums during its 37-week chart stay. The album's third single Cross My Broken Heart peaked at number 14 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs.
 Fill Your Boots is the second full-length album by English punk band Leatherface.
 Prism is an album by American jazz pianist Matthew Shipp featuring his trio with bassist William Parker and drummer Whit Dickey which was recorded live in 1993 and released on the small Dutch Brinkman label. The album was reissued in 2000 by hatOLOGY.
 Midwinter Graces is the 11th solo studio album by singer-songwriter Tori Amos. Released on November 10 2009 (November 16 2009 in the UK) through Universal Republic Records it is the first seasonal album by Amos and is also notable for marking her return to a more classical stripped-down baroque sound with various synths string-instruments the harpsichord and Amos' own signature Bösendorfer piano at center stage once more.
 'The Very Best of Cher: The Video Hits Collection' is a collection of 15 of Cher's greatest music videos. The anthology includes the popular Believe and If I Could Turn Back Time as well as the obscure Main Man.On the album's back cover Song for the Lonely is listed as Song for the Lonely (Almighty Remix) though it is the original video not a remix.
 Bizarre Fruit is the third album by the British house music band M People. It was released on 14 November 1994 and charted and peaked at number 4 spending one year on the chart before an expanded version of the album Bizarre Fruit II was released a year later.
 Magic To Go To My Star is K-Pop singer Lee Jung Hyun's third album released in 2001.
 The Tide and Its Takers is the fourth studio album by Alaskan metalcore band 36 Crazyfists. It was released on May 27 2008 (2008-05-27). The band filmed a music video for the album's first single We Gave It Hell with director Soren who has previously worked with the likes of Behemoth and Unearth. The video was released on YouTube on May 6 2008 (2008-05-06).
 Psychopharmacology is the third album by Firewater released on April 17 2001 through Jetset Records.
 Virgin Ground is the second album by Redgum. The title is taken from the first track.It was originally released as on vinyl and cassette.
 13 Japanese Birds is a 15 album series by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It was inspired by Olivier Messiaen's Catalogue d'oiseaux (Catalog of birds) but has no direct musical relationship.
 Sweet Right Here is the third studio album of country music trio SHeDAISY. It was released on June 8 2004. It peaked at 16 on the Billboard 200 chart and at number 2 on the Country Albums Chart on June 26 2004. This album has received Gold certification by the RIAA for shipment of over 500000 copies.The singles from this album Passenger Seat Come Home Soon and Don't Worry 'bout a Thing reached numbers 12 14 and 7 respectively on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts.
 Futureworld is the fourth full-length album by Trans Am released in 1999. The album is the first that the band use lyrics in their songs done using vocoder synthesis.
 Songs and Rituals in Real Time is a double LP album by Tim Berne released by Empire Productions (USA) in 1982 and re-released on CD as a part of The Empire Box on Screwgun Records (USA) in 1998. The album was Recorded live at Inroads New York City on July 1 1981. It features the quartet of Mack Goldsbury Ed Schuller Paul Motian and Tim Berne.Tim Berne on inviting Paul Motian to play: I met Paul Motian when he was doing a gig with the bass player Saheb Sarbib.
 Outskirts is the 1987 debut album by Blue Rodeo. The single Try was a hit for the band in their native Canada.To mark the 25th anniversary of the album Blue Rodeo released a 2-LP Vinyl remixed edition called Outskirts Remix on November 27 2012.
 Crash And Burn is a music album released by the Pat Travers Band on Polydor Records in 1980.Crash And Burn was the Pat Travers Band's highest-charting release peaking at number 20 on the Billboard album chart. The album featured the single Snortin' Whiskey co-written by Travers and fellow band member guitarist Pat Thrall. This song became a significant hit on American FM radio in 1980 reaching the number one position on playlists all over the country.
 Sugar is the second full-length album from Athens Georgia based band Dead Confederate. It was recorded in Hoboken NJ with producer John Agnello (The Hold Steady Dinosaur Jr. Sonic Youth) in early 2010.
 Soul of the Bible is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley released on the Capitol label featuring performances by Adderley's Sextet with Cannonball Adderley Nat Adderley Jr. George Duke Walter Booker and Roy McCurdy with narration by Rick Holmes and guest percussion and vocalists.
 The Best of Shaggy is the third compilation album released by Jamaican rapper Shaggy. The album was released through joint agreement between EMI and Virgin Records. The album was released on August 4 2008. The album includes material from his first four albums as well as his collaboration with Maxi Priest from his album Man With The Fun. As Shaggy's later releases were under a different record label EMI and Virgin did not hold the right to release tracks from them.
 The Only Easy Day Was Yesterday is an EP from the American rock band 12 Stones. It was released on July 20 2010 by Wind-up Records and debuted at No. 103 on the Billboard 200. The album's title is a reference to the motto of the U.S.
 Merriweather Post Pavilion is the eighth studio album by American experimental group Animal Collective released in January 2009 on Domino Records. The album is named after the Columbia Maryland venue Merriweather Post Pavilion. A plan to perform at Merriweather Post Pavilion after the album's release in 2009 was ultimately discarded though the band eventually did perform there on July 9 2011.
 Orquesta Reciclando is the 8th studio album recorded by Spanish rock group Jarabe de Palo released on May 15 2009. The album won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album and was nominated for Best Pop Album by a Duo or Group with Vocals.
 Shabooh Shoobah is Australian rock group INXS's third studio album and was released in October 1982. It peaked at No. 5 on the ARIA Albums Chart and remained on the chart for 94 weeks. It was the band's first album to be released worldwide and appeared on the United States Billboard 200 and on the Hot Pop Albums Chart. The album spawned four singles The One Thing (July 1982) Don't Change (October) To Look at You (March 1983) and Black and White (June).
 Suburba is the fourth full length album by the band House of Heroes. They went into Dark Horse Recording Studio on February 1 2010 to record it with producer Mark Lee Townsend. It was released on August 3 2010 through Gotee Records.
 Keep Your Cool is the third solo album by desert rocker Brant Bjork. It is full of soul/funk influenced simply written songs with laid back beats and tongue-in-cheek lyrics throughout.
 Sunmachine is the debut album released by dance group Dario G on July 14 1998 through the Warner label.
 R° (アール) is the debut album of Japanese singer-songwriter Rurutia. The album reached to #90 on Oricon and charted for a week.
 Underground Volume 16: For Da Summa is the first solo album by DJ Paul of Three 6 Mafia. There is a Chopped N Screwed version by DJ Black.
 The Band Perry EP is a 5-song extended play released from country music group The Band Perry. The extended play is the group's first release on Republic Nashville. It was released on April 6 2010 and debuted at No. 46 on the U.S. Billboard Top Country Albums chart the following week as well as No. 37 on the Top Heatseekers chart. It features their debut single Hip to My Heart which was a Top 20 hit on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 echolyn is a double album by the progressive rock band Echolyn released in June 2012. It is their seventh full-length studio album.
 Songs We Didn't Write is Ghoti Hook's third CD on Tooth & Nail Records. A cover album it contains Ghoti Hook versions of songs both from secular and Christian music.
 Angela's Ashes is the soundtrack on the Sony Classical label of the 1999 film Angela's Ashes starring Emily Watson and Robert Carlyle. The original score was composed by John Williams.The album was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score (where it lost to the score of Le violon rouge) and for the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score (where it lost to the score of La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano).
 Remembrances is an album by David Murray released on the Japanese DIW label in 1991. It has seven quintet performances by Murray with Hugh Ragin Dave Burrell Wilber Morris and Tani Tabbal.
 Circa: Now! is the second album by the San Diego California rock band Rocket from the Crypt released in 1992 by Cargo Music and Headhunter Records. It was the band's first album to include drummer Atom and saxophone player Apollo 9.
 All Star Smash Hits is a best-of compilation released by pop rock band Smash Mouth in 2005. It includes tracks from their first four albums as well as non-album material.
 Confrontation is the fourth album from the Louisiana based sludge metal band Soilent Green. Confrontation is also the last Soilent Green album to be released under the Relapse Records label.
 Wide Awake in Europe is a live extended play (EP) by rock band U2. The release was created by the organizers of Record Store Day to bring customers into independent record shops for holiday shopping. A limited number of 5000 EPs were produced and were released on Black Friday in 2010 mostly to record shops in North America. The EP features three live tracks on a 12-inch vinyl record taken from three different concerts during the U2 360° Tour in 2009 and 2010.
 K-Minus Initiative is the title of the first album by nerdcore (or geeksta rap) band Commodore 64. It was released in 1999 (see 1999 in music). As their first (and their only) full-length nerdcore/geeksta rap record to be commercially released (so far) and it had sold over 130000 copies in its first three months of release. Their sound and beats have been linked to that of the early Beastie Boys.
 State of Triumph – Chapter Two is second album recorded by the German power metal band Metalium. It was released in 2000 following their first release Millennium Metal - Chapter One and continues the story which began in the first album.
 Rise and Fall is the fourth studio album by the Austrian neoclassical dark wave band Dargaard.
 A Time to Love is a 2005 studio album by Stevie Wonder his first since 1995's Conversation Peace. Originally to have been completed in 2004 it was finally released to stores on October 18 2005 following an exclusive electronic release on Apple's iTunes Music Store on September 27. It is his 23rd official studio album.The first single issued in April 2005 was So What the Fuss which featured Prince on guitar and En Vogue on backing vocals.
 Us is the second album from Scottish indie band Mull Historical Society and the follow-up to Loss. It includes the singles The Final Arrears and Am I Wrong. Us (2003) received generally positive reviews; NME called it a joyous slice of orchestral prozac. The track The Supermarket Strikes Back is a riposte to Barcode Bypass from Loss. After the album his record label Warners dropped him.
 Don't Go to Strangers is an album recorded in 1960 by jazz vocalist Etta Jones. It was inducted in the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2008.
 Tour Generación RBD En Vivo is RBD's first DVD release from the OCESA certified #1 tour of the year in Mexico Tour Generación RBD which was seen by over 900000 fans.This concert was shot during RBD's 7 concerts at Palacio de los Deportes in Mexico City.The DVD includes the whole live concert a documentary and never-before-seen footage of the group while on tour.
 Black Ships Ate the Sky is a 2006 album by Current 93. The album features numerous guest vocalists such as Antony Hegarty Bonnie 'Prince' Billy Marc Almond and Shirley Collins. It features nine versions of the 1763 Methodist hymn Idumæa with lyrics by Charles Wesley each featuring vocals by a different artist.
 Red Horse is a collaboration by independent folk singer-songwriters Eliza Gilkyson John Gorka and Lucy Kaplansky. It is both the name of the studio album released by the trio on Red House Records in July 2010 and the name under which they have toured and performed in concert together as a supergroup.
 The Truth and the Light: Music from the X-Files is a 1996 album by Mark Snow. The album is composed of excerpts of instrumental music scores from the first three seasons of the American science fiction television series The X-Files on which Snow was the resident composer. These tracks are linked together with portions of dialogue from the series.Released on October 8 1996 the album received mixed reviews from critics.
 It's a Man's World is a 1967 studio album by Sarah Vaughan arranged by Hal Mooney Bob James and Bob Freedman.
 Day After Tomorrow II is the second studio album by Japanese J-pop band Day After Tomorrow.
 Every Waking Moment is Citizen Cope's third album. This is his second album with the RCA Records label. Every Waking Moment peaked at #69 on the Billboard 200 Chart on September 30 2006.
 Music for Zen Meditation is a 1964 album by jazz clarinetist Tony Scott The album is considered to be the first New Age record. Music for Zen Meditation is mostly improvised by Scott Shinichi Yuize (koto) and Hōzan Yamamoto (shakuhachi).
 Lightness: Music for the Marble Palace – The State Russian Museum St. Petersburg is an ambient Installation album from British musician Brian Eno released in 1997 and re-released in 2000.This album should not be confused with a 1976 bootleg named Music For Palaces. In May 2005 Eno premiered his then-new album Another Day on Earth at the same venue.
 The BDP Album is the twelfth solo studio album by KRS-One released through 6.8.2 Records. The album was dedicated to reviving the crew name of Boogie Down Productions. The album was entirely produced by both KRS-One and Kenny Parker
 Back to the Roots is a 1971 double album by John Mayall released on Polydor. Recording sessions took place both in California and London where Mayall invited some former members of his band notably guitarists Eric Clapton and Mick Taylor. At the end of the 1980s Mayall remixed some tracks and issued them along with some of the older material as Archive to the Eighties.
 Go Your Own Way is the second studio album to have been released by British singer-songwriter and former Pop Idol runner-up Gareth Gates. The album is essence split into two sections with tracks one to ten representing Night and tracks eleven to nineteen Day. In some regions such as the United Kingdom and Europe the two regions are split across in two discs; in other regions the entire album is contained on one disc.
 A-Sides is a compilation album by the American rock band Soundgarden with songs spanning the band's thirteen-year career. It was released on November 4 1997 through A&M Records.
 Family Force 5 EP was the first recording released by Family Force 5 under their new name. This EP is exactly the same as The Phamily EP except for the name of the band and the addition of the song Cadillac Phunque.
 Thank You for Giving Me Your Valuable Time is the debut album by Norwegian pop/experimental singer-songwriter Kaada. Initially released by EMI in 2001 it would be re-released in 2003 by Ipecac Recordings with the track Volkswagen being removed.
 New Inside is the third regular studio album by Tiffany released on October 2 1990 (see 1990 in music). Tiffany had broken with manager/producer George Tobin soon after her 18th birthday and signed with manager Dick Scott and producer Maurice Starr.
 Into Paradise is the second album by English Classical crossover group All Angels released in November 2007.
 Diana & Marvin is a duets album by soul musicians Diana Ross and Marvin Gaye released October 26 1973 on Motown. Recording sessions for the album took place in 1972 and 1973 at Motown Recording Studios in Hollywood California. Featuring vocal collaborations by Gaye and Ross widely recognized at the time as two of the top soul and pop performers respectively. Diana & Marvin became a multi-chart success that managed to sell over a million copies worldwide.
 Moog Droog is the second EP by the Super Furry Animals. It was originally released in October 1995 by the Welsh label Ankst Records and reissued in May 1997. The two releases have different covers: the original version depicts a stick-man brushing dust under a carpet while the export version simply has a red/orange bear drawn on a blue background.
 Nuevamente... El Bolero is the first solo album by artist Rodrigo de la Cadena. It was first released in 2005. Out of the 12 songs released on this album there were over 30 demos of different compositions by Agustín Lara Luis Demetrio Armando Manzanero etc. Sessions took place at Discos Orfeon.
 L’Homme à tête de chou is a concept album by Serge Gainsbourg issued in 1976 on Philips.
 Aozora ni Yureru Mitsugetsu no Kobune. (蒼空に揺れる蜜月の小舟。) is Yukari Tamura's third album released on November 6 2003.
 Idlewild is the fourth album by British music duo Everything but the Girl. It was released in 1988. Idlewild was reissued in 2012 as a remastered 2 disc Deluxe Set by Edsel Records.
 Traces o' Red is the debut album by Norwegian black metal band Enslavement of Beauty. It was released in 1999. All music composed by Tony Eugene Tunheim and all lyrics written by Ole Alexander Myrholt except for Dreams a poem from 1827 by Edgar Allan Poe. Cover Designe by Sten Brian Tunheim.
 Selected Works: 1972–1999 is a compilation box set by the Eagles released in 2000. The box set consists of four CDs featuring their greatest hits album tracks previously unreleased live performances and 44-page booklet. This set chronicles all their work from their debut 1972 self-titled album Eagles to the 1999 Millennium concert.
 Lifegiving (2005) is the music album debut by Australis.
 Live in L.A. (Death & Raw) is a live album released by Death. It was recorded on December 5 1998 in Los Angeles (according to its title) and released on October 16 2001 through Nuclear Blast. The album was also released in DVD format. The album was not remastered for sound and captured the original sound from the live performance.This was one of two Death albums originally released to raise money for Chuck Schuldiner's cancer treatment.
 Oingo Boingo is the first official release from the southern California new wave band Oingo Boingo.
 Nation is the eighth studio album by the Brazilian metal band Sepultura released in 2001 through Roadrunner Records. Nation features guest appearances from artists such as Hatebreed singer Jamey Jasta Dead Kennedys singer Jello Biafra Ill Niño singer Cristian Machado Bile frontman Krztoff and Apocalyptica.According to the official site a video for One Man Army was scheduled to be filmed at the end of August 2001.
 The Leo Kottke Anthology is a two-disc compilation of American guitarist Leo Kottke's releases on the Takoma Capitol and Chrysalis labels covering the first 15 years of his career. It includes liner notes by Kottke himself for each song and an essay by Mark Humphrey.A number of compilations have been made of Kottke's music by his various record labels. Capitol had previously released 1971-1976 The Best and The Best of Leo Kottke.
 Guld platina & passion is an album by the Swedish singer Carola Häggkvist. It was released in May 2003 in Sweden and Norway. On the album charts the album peaked at number 1 in Sweden and number 5 in Norway. The album stayed at the album list in Sweden for 67 weeks and sold 4x platina.
 The Disintegration Loops III is an album by William Basinski and was released in 2003. It is the third album in the Disintegration Loops series preceded by I and II and followed by IV.
 Tension War is a 2011 album by Moving Units their fourth release. The EP includes three brand new songs one re-interpretation and two new remixes by We Are Enfant Terrible (Last Gang) and Spirituals (Lefse).
 Catch the Moon is an album by Lisa Loeb and Elizabeth Mitchell released in 2003 by Artemis Records. The album is a collection of children's music played in a folk music style. It comes in the form of a child's cardboard storybook written by Erin Courtney and illustrated by Bonnie Brook Mitchell. The CD slides out the top of the back cover.
 Keep Laughing is an album by hardcore punk band Rich Kids on LSD released in 1985. It was produced and engineered by Phillip (Philco) Raves at Mystic Studios in Hollywood.
 No Fences is the second studio album by the American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released on August 27 1990 and reached #1 on Billboard's Top Country Albums chart. The album also reached #3 on the Billboard 200. On the latter chart it stayed in the top 40 for 126 weeks only one week less than Shania Twain's Come On Over the Soundscan era's record holder.
 Blue Boy is a 2001 album from Canadian singer-songwriter Ron Sexsmith. It was recorded in Nashville and was produced by Steve Earle and his partner Ray Kennedy as the Twangtrust. It includes a cover of the Kyp Harness song Thumbelina Farewell.
 Back in Line is an album by the electric folk band Steeleye Span.This album the band's 12th was released in 1986 after a hiatus of almost 6 years. It is their first album without founding member Tim Hart who quit the music business entirely.
 Company is the second solo album by former Razorlight and current We Are Scientists drummer Andy Burrows. The album was written and co-produced by Burrows as well as most of the instrumentation being played by him. It was released on 22 October 2012. Burrows later released the songs: Hometown Because I Know That I Can Keep Moving On and If I Had A Heart as singles.
 Sherrick is the debut and only album from American soul singer and musician Sherrick. It was released in 1987.
 Flik Y'Self Off Y'Self is the second full-length album released by New Zealand band HLAH.Flik Y'Self Off Y'Self features two singles 'Spanish Goat Dancer' and 'Faster Hooves'.
 Encore at the Blue Note is a 1990 live album by Oscar Peterson.
 Go is the fourth studio album by alternative rock band Vertical Horizon. The album a follow-up to the band's double platinum Everything You Want continues to expand upon the band's pop rock sound while moving into more hard rock directions as well. Recorded in early 2002 the album was ready as early as that August but was instead delayed extensively due to restructuring at the band's label RCA Records. The album was released over a year later on September 23 2003.
 Clear as Day is the debut studio album by season ten American Idol winner Scotty McCreery. The album was released on October 4 2011 in the United States.
 Muzičke paralele (trans. Musical Parallels) is the live album released by Serbian Irish folk/Celtic rock band Orthodox Celts and Serbian Latin American music band Pachamama. The album was recorded on the bands' concert in Novi Sad Sinagoga held on September 15 1995 and self-released by the bands in 1996. The first six tracks on the album are performed by Pachamama the following seven are performed by Orthodox Celts and the last five are performed together by two bands.
 Rufus Wainwright is the eponymous debut studio album by Canadian-American singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright released in the United States on May 19 1998 through DreamWorks Records. The album was produced by Jon Brion except In My Arms was produced and mixed by Pierre Marchand and Millbrook and Baby were produced by Brion and Van Dyke Parks. Lenny Waronker was the executive producer.
 Viva was Xmal Deutschland's third album released in 1987. Matador was produced by the Stranglers's Hugh Cornwell and was released as a single in the UK in 1986.
 Treated and Released is Joe Bean Esposito's third R&B solo album. Esposito is best known as the lead singer of the Brooklyn Dreams. They scored a Billboard # 2 hit with Heaven Knows a duet with Donna Summer.
 The Reissues is a compilation album released by Gary Hughes. The double compact disc contains the second and third Gary Hughes albums plus the bonus tracks as noted below. The album was officially released only in Asian markets.
 Youth Gone Wild: Heavy Metal Hits of the '80s is a series of compilation albums of heavy metal songs of the 1980s the heyday of the genre. The title comes from the song by Skid Row which ironically does not appear in the series.
 La Evolución Romantic Style is the second studio album by Panamian singer Flex. It was released on January 27 2009. A special edition was also released on the same day.
 The Hobo's Last Ride is an album of American musicians Norman Blake and Nancy Blake released in 1996.
 The Fallen Empire is the third studio album from the Finnish power metal band Altaria.
 Amén is the tenth studio album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno released on Sony International in 2000. Amén entirely recorded in Miami was coproduced by Estéfano with whom the duo had collaborated on the 1994 album El Amor and Ricardo “Eddy” Martínez who had produced their two preceding albums Esclava de tu piel and Olé and also the track “Muévete salvaje” on their 1997 greatest hits compilation Mucho Azúcar - Grandes Éxitos.
 Black Leather Mojo is the debut album released in 2000 by British Rock band SilverGinger 5 produced by Tim Smith of the Cardiacs who Ginger counted as one of his biggest influences. It was claimed by Ginger himself in an interview with Kerrang! magazine that the audition for Wildhearts bassist Danny McCormack consisted of taking LSD and attending a Cardiacs concert.
 Hei soturit (Finnish for Hey Warriors) is the second studio album by the Finnish rock group Sielun Veljet. The CD release of the album is titled Hei soturit/Lapset as it also includes the 1983 EP Lapset (Finnish for The Children).Elintaso was covered by Finnish rock group Aknestik on the 2002 various artists tribute album Säkenöivää voimaa - tribuutti Sielun Veljille.
 Animalympics was the soundtrack to a children's animated film of the same name Animalympics released in 1980. The soundtrack has had a very limited release only available on LP and cassette. It is not available yet on CD. The US edition was released on A&M Records while the UK and European editions were released on Mercury Records.The music to Animalympics was written and produced by Graham Gouldman founding member and bassist with 10cc.
 The Keep (1997) is the soundtrack to the movie The Keep (1983) by the German electronic music group Tangerine Dream. A limited run of 150 CDs were sold at a concert by the group in the UK in 1997. Virgin soon announced that the album would be available for general release in early 1998 but legal issues with the film studio stopped the release. In 1999 Tangerine Dream's own record label sold 300 copies of the Millennium Booster album set that included The Keep with a different cover.
 Merry from Lena is a 1966 album by Lena Horne. Released in 1966 this Christmas album marked Lena Horne's departure from United Artists and the recording industry until her return at Skye Records in 1970. The album was reissued on CD by Capitol (1990) Razor & Tie (1995) and DRG (2007). All CD issues of the album include a bonus track Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town which was not included on the original LP.
 Prayer of Death is the third studio album by the band Entrance. It is the band's first release on Tee Pee Records. It was released in October 2006.
 Catch the Wind is a compilation album from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in the United Kingdom (Showcase Records SHLP 133) in April 1986 and did not chart. This 1986 release bears little resemblance to the 1965 version of Catch the Wind released in the United States or to Catch the Wind from 1971.
 Lonely Are the Brave is the fifth full-length studio album by Jørn Lande. It was released under his stage name Jorn.Known as a big Deep Purple fan Jorn also recorded a cover to the Deep Purple song Stormbringer during the sessions for the album. The cover was released as a bonus track on the limited edition.
 Caring and Killing: 1991 Through 1994 is a compilation album by American metalcore band Converge. The album was originally released as a European exclusive through Lost & Found Records. However Converge became dissatisfied with the way the label was handling the release and over charging fans for their hard to find older songs.
 El Cartel: The Big Boss is the fourth studio album and eighth overall by Puerto Rican recording artist Daddy Yankee. It was released on June 5 2007 by El Cartel Records through Interscope Records. The album features contributions from Scott Storch will.i.am Luny Tunes Tainy Akon and Mr. Collipark among others.
 Hitorigei 3 (一人芸3) is a music video compilation released by Miyavi on December 20 2006. It contains the videos for all singles from the Myv Pops album extras include making-of features television ads footage of Miyavi filmed in Korea and touring footage presented in a documentary-like manner and quality.The compilation was reissued on November 21 2007 making all of the original limited edition content available again. The reissue was also a limited release.
 Midnight Daydream is an album by Bruce Cameron released in 1999.
 Tebi ljubavi (English translation: To You My Love) is a studio album by Bosniak singer Hanka Paldum. It was released in 1984.
 Significant Other is the second album by American rock band Limp Bizkit. Released in 1999 by Flip/Interscope Records the album saw the band expanding its sound from that of its debut album Three Dollar Bill Yall to incorporate further rock and hip hop influences. Significant Other was co-produced by Terry Date and Limp Bizkit. The album had controversy over the band's live performance at Woodstock 1999 in which violence erupted during the song Break Stuff.
 Love & War is the debut studio album by the Australian R&B singer-songwriter Daniel Merriweather.It was released on 1 June 2009 on Marlin Records/Universal (AUS) Allido/Columbia/RCA (UK). The success of singles Change and Red both of which cracked the UK top ten was enough to propel the album to number two on the UK Albums Chart. The album was released on 23 February 2010 in the United States under J Records and Allido Records.
 Encores is a compilation album by the 2nd Chapter of Acts. It collects songs from their first two Myrrh Records albums.
 Advice from the Happy Hippopotamus is an album by Cloud Cult.
 2econd Season is the second album by Atlanta-based rapper Unk. It was released on November 4 2008. The album features guest appearances by Sean Kingston Ray J Three 6 Mafia and more while production as handled mainly by Oomp Camp's own DJ Montay.
 This Is Sinatra Volume Two is an album by American singer Frank Sinatra released in 1958.Another collection of Sinatra singles and B-sides with backings courtesy of Nelson Riddle following 1956's This Is Sinatra!.
 Mýa and Friends Presents... Best of Both Worlds is an unofficial compilation album by American R&B singer Mýa released by Siccness Records on April 7 2009 in the United States. The album contains four unreleased tracks by Mýa and features guest appearances by Bobby Valentino Bone Thugs-n-Harmony Gucci Mane Young Jeezy Ginuwine Twista Ludacris Pastor Troy Keith Murray G-Dep Loon and Mobb Deep.
 Cloudscape is the self-titled debut album by Swedish progressive metal band Cloudscape released through Metal Heaven in 2004.
 Inside the Head of... Mr. Atom is a Man or Astro-man? 7 EP released on Estrus Records in 1995. It was recorded by Steve Albini. The cover art and design is by Art Chantry. The back cover states This single is dedicated to the vital memory of the band Bolt Thrower. It was released on clear green vinyl opaque purple vinyl opaque gray vinyl and black vinyl. Early pressings of the 7 have red and yellow center labels.
 Paper Scissors Stone was the fourth and final album by Welsh band Catatonia. It was released on 6 August 2001 in the UK and reached #6 on the UK album chart.The album only had one single taken from it Stone by Stone – the group's final single release. Fittingly the ending of the video for the song features the band members all abandoning their instruments and walking away.
 Rosemary Clooney Sings the Lyrics of Ira Gershwin is a 1979 album by Rosemary Clooney of songs with lyrics by Ira Gershwin.
 A Place to Bury Strangers is the first album from the shoegazing band A Place to Bury Strangers. Most of the songs were recorded between 2004 and 2006 and were released as series of ad hoc EPs which were sold at shows by the band. The band came to the attention of Killer Pimp owner Jon Whitney in late 2006 and he asked if he could have the songs remastered and release them as an album on CD. The band deliberated over whether this would be a good move for some time before finally agreeing.
 Kadal (English: Sea) is the soundtrack album composed by A. R. Rahman for the 2013 Tamil film of the same name directed by Mani Ratnam that stars Gautham Karthik and Thulasi Nair in the lead roles. Noted poet-lyricist Vairamuthu and his son Madhan Karky penned lyrics for three songs each. Sri Lankan rapper Aaryan Dinesh Kanagaratnam made his debut for Indian cinema with one of the songs. The album was released under Sony Music on December 15 2012.
 Bahibbik Wahashteeny (I Love You I Miss You) is the seventeenth full-length Arabic studio album from Egyptian pop singer Angham launched in Egypt on July 25 2005 (see 2005 in music) by Rotana Production Company. It was her second record on the label after Bet'heb Meen (Who Do You Love) which was released in 1997. The 2005 record has witnessed a critical success but commercial disappointment.
 Ghost Of Yesterday is an EP released by Scottish pianist Bill Wells and former Belle & Sebastian member Isobel Campbell under the name of The Gentle Waves. It covers songs by Billie Holiday. The album was released in July 2002.
 I Love How You Love Me was Bobby Vinton's eighteenth studio album released in 1968. The title track was previously a bigger hit for the Paris Sisters.Two singles came from this album: the title track which reached #9 in the United States and Halfway to Paradise (US #23 previously a hit for Billy Fury).Cover versions include Those Were the Days Till For Once in My Life Why Don't You Believe Me and the Drifters' hit Save the Last Dance for Me.
 As Live As It Gets is the third release and first live album by English heavy metal band Blaze Bayley then known as Blaze released in 2003. It features mostly the band's original material though they also play some Iron Maiden and Wolfsbane covers as lead singer Blaze Bayley used to be in both bands.
 The Syberspace Social is the independent debut of American singer Sy Smith. The critically acclaimed album featured production by James Poyser and Victor Duplaix. A special edition of the album was re-released in 2006 with additional tracks. In 2008 Smith released a Vinyl-EP of the album. The Vinyl-EP features the six tracks: Fa'Sho Aquarius Rising Time Part Of The Night Drop That (MGA Remix) and No Place Like Love.
 Südberlin Maskulin is a collabo album by German rappers Fler (alias Frank White) and Godsilla.
 Halfway Tree is the second album by Jamaican reggae artist Damian Marley.
 Elaine Paige is the second solo album from Elaine Paige released in 1981. The album charted at #56 in May 1982 and was re-issued on CD in 1995 by Warner Music.The recording was produced by Tim Rice and Andrew Powell. Paige had met Rice when she was cast as Eva Perón in the original stage production of his musical Evita in 1978. He also wrote lyrics for a number of the tracks on the album.
 History of The Byrds is a budget priced double album compilation by the American rock band The Byrds and was released on May 18 1973 by CBS Records (see 1973 in music). The compilation was released exclusively in Europe and the UK peaking at #47 on the UK Albums Chart but it was also available in the United States as an import. The album provides a chronological survey of the band's career from 1965 to 1971 a period when they were signed to Columbia Records.
 The Bird Who Continues to Eat the Rabbit's Flower is an EP released by the Elephant 6 band Of Montreal. It is an extended version of their release The Bird Who Ate the Rabbit's Flower; the first five tracks are the ones from that first effort.
 Misery Index / Structure of Lies is a split CD between American deathgrind band Misery Index and death metal band Structure of Lies. Misery Index's tracks were recorded in March 2002 at Uncle Punchies Studio engineered by Uncle Punchy.
 Icicle Bicycle is the debut studio album by chamber-rock band Pretty Balanced. It was released in 2006.
 Uyanış (English: Awakening) is Işın Karaca's fourth studio album released on May 29 2009. She worked with sibel Alaş Erdem Yörük Erol Temizel and Zeki Güner. The album has a different sound compared to her previous albums it also has R&B & electronic sound. She is also the song-writer for several songs in the album.
 I Want Your Love is Brenda K. Starr's unofficial debut album. This was a small label release on Mirage Records in 1985 distributed by Atlantic Records. It features her Freestyle music hit Pickin' Up Pieces which peaked at #9 on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart in 1986 as well as the popular ballad Love Me Like the First Time which Stacy Lattisaw recorded a year later on her album Take Me All The Way.
 Navigator is the debut album of Forma Tadre a German musical project that can best be described as electronic body music but has also been categorized as Industrial or Ambient. The main theme of the album is connected to writer HP Lovecrafts books on the Cthulhu Mythos
 Audioslave is the eponymous debut studio album by the American rock supergroup Audioslave and was released on November 19 2002 (see 2002 in music). It features the hit singles Cochise Show Me How to Live What You Are Like a Stone and I Am the Highway. The record was certified triple platinum in the US. Like a Stone was nominated for the 2004 Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance.
 Huellas (English: Traces) is the 17th studio album by Mexican pop singer Yuri. It was released in 1998. It sold more than 200000 copies earning 2 Gold discs.[1]
 Invisible is the third studio album and second international album by Polish singer Edyta Górniak known as Edyta. It was released in Poland under the title Perła.Invisible was dedicated to US-American singers Aaliyah and Selena.
 Rainmaker is the 1980 debut album by Kevin Moore now more commonly known as Keb' Mo'. The album features the songs Rainmaker and Anybody Seen My Girl which were each re-released in Moore's later releases Slow Down and Keb' Mo' respectively.
 The Warped Tour 2011 Tour Compilation is the sixteenth installment in the annual compilation series accompanying the Warped Tour. The cover is a photograph of Paramore performing on the 2007 Warped Tour.
 Rock & Roll Heart Attack is Cindy Valentine's freshman album. The nine year old Canadian prodigy released Rock & Roll Heart Attack on vinyl with CBS Columbia Records in 1984. Valentine's subsequent work is featured in the title track of the film Repossessed (1990). Mannequin Two: On the Move (1991) features Valentine's single Pick Up The Pieces (To My Heart) and her song Please appears in the soundtrack of Love in Paris / Another 9½ Weeks (1997).
 This Is My Life is singer-songwriter Carly Simon's 18th album and 16th studio album released in 1992 on Qwest Records.It is the soundtrack to the movie This Is My Life directed by Nora Ephron and starring Julie Kavner Carrie Fisher and Dan Aykroyd.
 Word Pimpin 2: We Don't Need You is the collaborative effort of hip hop artists Keak Da Sneak of Oakland California Baby S of Los Angeles California and Q-Z also native to the Bay Area released in 2008 by Ehustl Entertainment. This album was preceded by the original Word Pimpin' released in 2003 featuring Baby S Q-Z and B-Legit cousin of Bay Area rapper E-40.
 My Kind of Blues is the sixth studio album released by B. B. King in 1961. A remastered and expanded edition was released in 2003.
 Forgiven Now is the fourth studio album by Chicago based alt-country band Dolly Varden and was released in 2002. Like the previous release The Dumbest Magnets this album was recorded in Nashville with producer Brad Jones.
 Sock-Cess is a 1989 compilation album by Red Hot Chili Peppers and was released exclusively in the UK by EMI as a promotional only release. The album contains tracks from the band's first four studio albums.
 Sister is the third album by Swedish heavy metal band In Solitude. This is their second album to be released through Metal Blade Records having signed with the label in 2010 and was released on October 1 2013. The album was recorded at Studio Cobra in Stockholm Sweden in March 2013 and was produced and mixed by Martin Konie Ehrencrona.
 Veil of Ignorance is the fifth studio album by Swedish hardcore punk band Raised Fist. It was released in September 2009 on Burning Heart Records. In December 2012 The Pirate Bay featured the music video for Friends and Traitors on its website.
 Ol' School is a live album by Ohio Players.
 The Cycle of Days and Seasons is the fifth full-length album by Leeds-based band Hood. Both the LP and CD versions were released on Domino Records in 1999.
 Tantric is the debut album of American post-grunge band of the same name. It was released February 13 2001 and debuted at #193 on the Billboard 200. The album would eventually peak at #71 and reached platinum status due to the hit-single Breakdown as well as follow up singles Astounded and Mourning.
 Wide Awake is the debut album of English pop singer Joe McElderry winner of the sixth series of British talent competition The X Factor. The album was released digitally on 22 October 2010 with a physical release following on 25 October 2010.Two retailer exclusive versions of the album were available with Asda offering four bonus cards and play.com offering signed copies of the album.
 Jet World Order is an album by rapper Currensy and his Jet Life crew. It was released on November 29 2011. The bonus track edition of the album includes a guest appearance from Big K.R.I.T. A bonus loud pack edition of the album was released on the same day and features guest appearances from Cory Gunz Bun B Schoolboy Q Kendrick Lamar and Terri Walker.
 Two Colors (1989) in Ukrainian Два Кольори - Ukrainian symphonic folk album by Kvitka Cisyk.
 Pure is a 2000 album by British musician Gary Numan the follow-up to 1997's Exile.
 Devil's Canyon is the eighth studio album by American southern rock band Molly Hatchet released in 1996 (see 1996 in music). The album was recorded seven years after Lightning Strikes Twice with only Danny Joe Brown of the original line-up. During the recording of the album Brown was forced to retire because of his precarious health condition and was replaced by Phil McCormack who completed the vocal tracks.The album cover was painted by British artist Paul Raymond Gregory.
 Billboard Top Rock'n'Roll Hits: 1957 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1988. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA on October 19 1999.
 West Eats Meet (styled west eats meet) is an album released in 2004 by the Canadian folk music artist Harry Manx.
 Mayhem & Miracles is the third studio album by New Zealand recording artist Savage.
 Chilling Thrilling Sounds of the Haunted House was an LP album intended for older children teenagers and adults released by Disneyland Records (now known as Walt Disney Records). The album was mainly composed of sound effects that had been collected by the Sound Effects Department of Walt Disney Studios. The album was released in several different forms. The album was first released in 1964 in a white sleeve with a second release in 1973 with an orange sleeve.
 Hits & Dubs is the first compilation album by Brazilian band Cidade Negra. The album contains several hits including Onde Você Mora? Firmamento A Sombra da Maldade Downtown and Falar a Verdade success at the time when the singer was Ras Bernardo. The album also features a remake of the song Eu Também Quero Beijar by Pepeu Gomes.
 Desperate Character is the first solo album of British singer-songwriter Kirsty MacColl released in 1981. The album was re-released in March 1985 as Kirsty MacColl with three tracks replaced with other songs. The album has been remastered and received a CD release for the first time on 8 October 2012 on the Union Square Music label and features the original twelve track listing.
 The Jean-Paul Sartre Experience is an EP by New Zealand band Jean-Paul Sartre Experience released in 1986.
 Empty & Beautiful is the fourth studio album by Matt Maher released on April 8 2008. It was his first album with Essential Records. It reached #168 on the Billboard 200. The album also debuted at #6 on the Top Heatseekers charts.
 Charles EP or simply named Skids is the first disc and EP of punk rock band Skids released in 1977 on the Scottish punk label No Bad.The band comprised a then teenage Richard Jobson on vocals Stuart Adamson on guitar Bill Simpson on bass and Thomas Kellichan on drums.
 The Spirit of Christmas 2008 is part of the Spirit of Christmas album series.
 White Lilies Island is the second album by Natalie Imbruglia. It was released in Europe and Australia in late 2001 and in the United States on 5 March 2002. The name of this album comes from the location of Imbruglia's home in Windsor.
 Dial Africa: The Savoy Sessions is a compilation album by jazz musicians John Coltrane and Wilbur Harden released in 1977 featuring pieces recorded during the two 1958 sessions that produced Tanganyika Strut and Jazz Way Out.
 Remains of the Day released on April 7 2010 on Playground Music is the third album by the Finnish alternative rock band End of You.
 The Bled is a self-titled EP by hardcore band The Bled. Its four songs were pressed on one-sided 12 vinyl released in 2002 by Ambit Records. It was a small DIY release without much marketing attempt. Production was limited to only 666 copies 100 of which were on translucent blood-red vinyl. The other remaining 566 were pressed on black vinyl and placed into black or white sleeves. The album art was sprayed on and the numbers handwritten.
 Strap It On is the debut album by American alternative metal band Helmet. Originally released in 1990 through Amphetamine Reptile Records it was subsequently rereleased by Interscope in November 1991.Critics considered the album innovative for its explosive propulsive and often staccato riff style which greatly exploited drop D tuning. It has since become a cult classic in the post-hardcore genre and even influential on the metal scene.
 Coming Days released in 1995 on Chiswick Records was the third album released by Irish artist Ron Kavana the second credited to Alias Ron Kavana. Versions of two songs - Johnny and Irish Ways were previously released on the LILT album For The Children.
 Wired is Hugh Cornwell's third solo album. It was released on 21 June 1993 on the Transmission label. The album was produced by Gary Langan (Art of Noise) with the exception of Ain't It Strange which was produced by Cornwell. It was recorded in 1992 at Metropolis Studios in London. The album's progress was affected by contractual disputes. Cornwell was initially signed to Phoenix Records but the label started to fall into difficulties and Cornwell cited them for breach of contract.
 Season's Greetings from moe. is a Christmas-themed album by the American jam band moe.When explaining the album on the band's official website moe. member Chuck Garvey wrote the following:
 From the Depths of Depression is the debut full-length release from metalcore band Adamantium. It was released in November 1998 on Indecision Records. As well as the CD format it appeared on limited edition vinyl. 1268 on black vinyl with a further 306 on solid maroon and 150 on clear.
 Horse Soldier! Horse Soldier! is the fifth studio album by Corb Lund and the Hurtin' Albertans. It was released on Stony Plain Records on November 13 2007.
 One Day is the final studio album by the progressive bluegrass band Northern Lights. 5-string banjo is back in the group sound as Mike Kropp returns as a guest player for this album.
 Heat is the second album from French musician Colder released on Output Recordings on July 4 2005. The album was produced in Paris France and was released on CD limited edition CD (housed in a digipak) and limited edition red-colored 12 vinyl. The album was also released on CD in Mexico with two bonus tracks. All versions of the album are out of print.
 Roots is the third studio album by American-Christian singer-songwriter Shawn McDonald. The album was released on March 11 2008 by Sparrow Records. This album was produced by Christopher Stevens. The album got commercial successes and positive reception.
 Destiny's Child Video Anthology is the fourth video album by American R&B girl group Destiny's Child. The video album includes 16 career spanning iconic videos. The album was released on June 4 2013 in the United States.
 Little Worlds is the tenth album by Béla Fleck and the Flecktones released in 2003. The album was released as a 3-disc set. Ten tracks from the set were also released on a single disc called Ten from Little Worlds.The album contains several tracks that are hidden at the beginning and end of Disc One and at the end of Disc Three. These hidden tracks present a short and humorous story of two men voiced by Yankees outfielder Bernie Williams and Michael McKean (as David St.
 As Feathers to Flowers and Petals to Wings is Twelve Tribes' first album.
 At This Moment is the debut album of American country music artist Neal McCoy released in 1990 on Atlantic Records Nashville. If I Built You a Fire the title track (a cover of the Billy Vera hit from 1987) and This Time I Hurt Her More Than She Loves Me were all released as singles from this album. Although the Vera cover did not chart the other two singles both entered the lower regions of the Hot Country Songs charts. If I Built You a Fire was a Top 20 country hit in Canada as well.
 Labyrinth is the fifth studio album from German futurepop band Blutengel. It entered German Top 50 Albums Chart at 36 for a week. The album spawned a popular single titled Lucifer. It is also with Ulrike Goldmann and not Constance Rudert.
 Universal Pulse is a mini-LP and the tenth studio album by American rock band 311 released on July 19 2011 on 311 Records/ATO Records.
 Expositionsprophylaxe is the debut album by Disharmonic Orchestra. It was released in 1991 by Nuclear Blast Records.
 Set the World on Fire is the third studio album by the Canadian thrash metal band Annihilator released in 1993.
 The Peace of Wild Things is the second full-length studio album by Paper Route released on September 11 2012.The vinyl LP version was pressed at United Record Pressing in Nashville TN.
 The Red Sea is an EP by Isis. An expansion of the sound pioneered on their previous release Mosquito Control this EP offers a slight evolution toward the direction Isis would begin to take with their first full length Celestial. The three songs which make up the original EP (tracks 1–3) are tied together with spoken word samples from the short-lived television series Hotel Room (specifically the third episode entitled Blackout).
 Mr. Ouija is a mixtape by rapper Bizzy Bone released by Sicness.net. All the tracks were recorded in 2006-07.This album is the ruthless album remixed with these new beats.
 Looking for Christmas is a 1995 (see 1995 in music) Christmas album by country singer Clint Black. His first album of Christmas music it features the song 'Til Santa's Gone (I Just Can't Wait). This song charted on several occasions on the Hot Country Songs charts reaching as high as #34 based on Christmas airplay.
 Shriner's Convention was Ray Stevens' seventeenth studio album released in 1980 as well as his first for RCA Records. The front of the album's cover shows a drawn picture of Stevens on a motorcycle with a young curvaceous woman in back of him. Stevens wears a blue Hawaiian-styled shirt and blue jeans while the woman wears a bikini and the two wear shriner hats. In the background of the picture there is a shriner's parade on the streets.
 Music Is Rotted One Note is the third full-length album released by Squarepusher on UK electronica label Warp.Following the abrasive sounds of Hard Normal Daddy and the drum and bass feel of the Big Loada EP Music Is Rotted One Note has a far more relaxed abstract sound owing much to both jazz and electroacoustic music.
 Anodyne is the fourth and final studio album by alternative country band Uncle Tupelo released on October 5 1993. The recording of the album was preceded by the departure of the original drummer Mike Heidorn and the addition of three new band members: bassist John Stirratt drummer Ken Coomer and multi-instrumentalist Max Johnston.
 Killer Elite is a 1985 album released by the British heavy metal band Avenger. It was released by Neat Records.
 Jazz Roots: McCoy Tyner Honors Jazz Piano Legends of the 20th Century is a solo piano album by McCoy Tyner released on the Telarc label in 2000. The Allmusic review by Paula Edelstein states that The songs and artists McCoy Tyner has selected to pay tribute to are all great examples of his excellent ability to blend these various sources of inspiration and his compositional integrity into a coherent persuasive whole. Nowhere is this clearer or more meaningful than on these solo concerts.
 Biograph is a box set compilation spanning the career of American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan released on November 7 1985 by Columbia Records. Consisting of 53 released and unreleased tracks from 1962 to 1981 the box set was released as both a five-LP set and a three-compact disc set. Biograph reached #33 on the Billboard 200 in the US and has been certified platinum by the RIAA.
 Pink Hearts Yellow Moons is the first album from Denver quartet Dressy Bessy. The album was released on Kindercore Records in September 1999. The songs Just Like Henry and If You Should Try to Kiss Her were featured on the soundtrack to the 1999 movie But I'm a Cheerleader.
 Tune In Turn On (subtitled To the Hippest Commercials of the Sixties) is an album by Benny Golson featuring music from television advertisements recorded in 1967 and released on the Verve label.
 Wonderful One is the fifth overall album of gospel singer Vanessa Bell Armstrong and second for major label Jive Records.Having penetrated the mainstream market with the previous year's singles You Bring Out The Best In Me and Pressing On the artist continued the trend with the singles I'm Coming Back and a cover of the Labi Siffre anti-Apartheid anthem Something Inside So Strong. Armstrong would later reprise her performance on the song as part of a multi-artist tribute to civil rights activist Rosa Parks.[citation needed]
 Come Dancing With the Kinks: The Best of the Kinks 1977-1986 is a compilation album by the English rock band The Kinks. It was originally released in 1986 on both LP and CD but with different track listings for each format; a third track listing was created when the album was reissued on CD in 2000 by Koch Records. Come Dancing covers the nine-year period during which the Kinks were signed to Arista and includes some live versions of hits from the band's Pye and RCA years.
 London 1986 is a live album by the English group Talk Talk released in Europe by Pond Life Records on compact disc in 1999. It was recorded at the Hammersmith Odeon in London on 8 May 1986 near the end of their European tour to promote their 1986 studio album The Colour of Spring. This show was the band's last in the UK and the tour would be the band's final live performances although they went on to release two more studio albums in 1988 and 1991.
 Aretha Arrives is the thirteenth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin Released on August 4 1967 by Atlantic Records. It's only single release was Baby I Love You a million-selling Gold 45 which hit #1 R&B and #4 on the Billboard Hot 100. This is her second album for Atlantic. The sessions for the album were delayed because Aretha shattered her elbow in an accident during a southern tour. She decided she was ready to record before her doctor thought she was ready.
 Don't happy be worry is a studio album released in 2000 by Montenegrin-Serbian musician Rambo Amadeus. In Croatia and Slovenia it was released under the name Čobane vrati se (Shepherd Come Back) by Dallas Records.
 To the Ends of the Earth is the fourth live praise and worship by Hillsong United.
 A Spontaneous Performance Recording sometimes simply called A Spontaneous Performance is a collection of traditional Irish folk songs performed by The Clancy Brothers with collaborator Tommy Makem. It was their first album for Columbia Records. The album was nominated for a Grammy Award.
 MCA continued the series of definitive masters of the Jimi Hendrix catalogue in 2000 releasing the self-titled box set The Jimi Hendrix Experience consisting of four discs. The material includes alternate recordings live performances and some rarities.
 Natin99 is the Eraserheads' sixth album. It was released by Sony BMG Music Philippines Inc. (Formerly BMG Records Pilipinas Inc.) in 1999 and the first Eraserheads album that came out of a non-linear recording approach. Most of the musical parts were recorded separately in their respective home studios and pieced together by the band and producer Robin Rivera.
 Morir de Amor (Eng.: Dying of Love) is an studio album released in 2000 by norteño music group Conjunto Primavera.
 Obsideo is the seventh studio album from Dutch extreme metallers Pestilence. It was released on October 21 via Candlelight Records. The album was produced by the vocalist/guitarist Patrick Mameli. According to Mameli the album's overall lyrical theme is the journey of the human soul.
 Pigeonhed is the eponymously-titled debut album of Pigeonhed released on December 20 1993 through Sub Pop.
 Tangophobia Vol. 1: Contemporary Sounds of Buenos Aires is a compilation CD released by Argentine independent label Constitution Music. It contains tracks from different neo-tango and electronic artists from Buenos Aires including NeoShaft B.A.
 Live at Savoy 1981 is as of 2013 the only live album by Kim Carnes. It was released in 1999.The album was recorded at Savoy New York City USA on August 25 1981 during the Mistaken Identity Tour. The album was released on the King Biscuit Flower Hour Records. It is currently out-of-print and is available as an import on Amazon.com.[1]
 Wake Up and Smell the... Carcass is a compilation album by the band Carcass and is also the name of a video/DVD compilation of the band's songs. The cover is a photo of John F. Kennedy's autopsy.
 East/West is the 18th album first double CD and first live album by Bill Frisell to be released on the Elektra Nonesuch label. Released in 2005 it features performances by Frisell Viktor Krauss and Kenny Wollesen which were recorded at Yoshi's in Oakland California on December 9 2003 (CD 1 - West) and performances by Frisell with Tony Scherr and Kenny Wollesen recorded on May 11 2004 at the Village Vanguard in New York City (CD2 - East).
 In the World of Light is Tiki Taane's newest release album. Released in 2011 it is based upon electronica involving numerous New Zealand Dubstep and Electronica artists.
 Misty was Ray Stevens' twelfth studio album as well as being his seventh and final for Barnaby Records. It was released in 1975. This album contains primarily cover versions of various songs that were popular from the 1920s to the 1950s though there are two original songs for the album as well (Sunshine and Take Care of Business).
 A Classy Pair is a 1979 studio album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald accompanied by the Count Basie Orchestra with arrangements by Benny Carter.This was Fitzgerald and Basie's second studio recording after Ella and Basie! (1963) and features re-recordings of two songs from that album Honeysuckle Rose and Ain't Misbehavin'.
 Hot Damn! is the second full length release from metalcore band Every Time I Die released in July 2003 on Ferret Records. It is considered the band's breakout album leading to spots on tours such as Ozzfest and Sounds of the Underground.
 Waking the Dead is the last L.A. Guns album with guitarist Tracii Guns and the first with bass guitarist Adam Hamilton.The album includes OK Let's Roll - dedicated to Todd Beamer and those who rushed the cockpit of Flight 93 during the events of September 11 2001 attacks.Though slated to be included the Japanese edition was never officially released leaving Call of the Wild unavailable.
 Highways & Honky Tonks is the fourth album by Heather Myles and the first with her new record company Rounder Records. There is a cover of the old Charley Pride song Kiss an Angel Good Morning and Merle Haggard drops in for a guest appearance on the duet No One Is Gonna Love You Better. Myles wrote ten of the twelve songs herself.
 Shenmue OST ~Chapter 1: Yokosuka~ or simply Shenmue OST is a soundtrack album for the video game Shenmue. It was written largely by Sega's Japanese video game composer Takenobu Mitsuyoshi while Yuzo Koshiro contributed fifteen songs to the soundtrack. It was released on March 23 2000 by Toshiba EMI.
 Boston's Boy is the debut EP by American rapper Sammy Adams. The EP was released on March 4 2010 through 1st Round Records.On July 13 2010 Adams released four new tracks to make what he called a deluxe version of Boston's Boy. These tracks include Still I Rise See Me Now Fly Jets Over Boston and Just Sayin'. Still I Rise features G. Curtis who recently signed onto Adams' label.
 Thrown into Exile EP is the first EP released by the American heavy metal band Thrown into Exile. It was released on April 2 2013 and was produced by Mike Spreitzer.
 H2O is the eleventh studio album from Daryl Hall and John Oates released in 1982. A hit it featured three top 10 US singles one being Maneater which was the biggest hit of their career spending four weeks at #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 charts.
 Techno Army featuring Gary Numan is a remix album by English musician Gary Numan. It was released in April 1996 and consists of remixes of various Numan tracks from 1979 to 1994 with newly recorded vocals by Numan.
 Back 2 da Basics is the fourth independent album by rapper Yo Gotti. It was released on May 23 2006 through TVT Records.
 Nobita (大雄) is an album by the Cantopop singer Leo Ku released on July 31 2004. The album is based on the main character in a Japanese manga Doraemon. The songs Nobita (大雄) and Love and Honesty (愛與誠) won Ku numerous awards in 2005.
 Kindly Bent to Free Us is the third full-length album by the progressive metal band Cynic. It was released on February 14 2014.
 If Dreams Come True is an album by American singer and musician Ann Savoy released in 2007.
 No Count Sarah is a 1958 studio album by the American jazz singer Sarah Vaughan.The title refers to the fact that Vaughan was accompanied by the Count Basie Orchestra but without Count Basie.
 Touché is the first album by the comedian Ryan Stout and was released digitally on December 6 2011 by Comedy Central Records
 Shoot the Moon: The Essential Collection is a greatest hits album by the punk band Face to Face. It was released on November 15 2005 a year after the band had dissolved. It features songs from all of the band's albums except for Ignorance is Bliss and their cover album Standards & Practices.
 Ghostown is a critically acclaimed 1979 album by Irish punk/new wave band The Radiators.The Radiators recorded two albums in the group's original incarnation of which Ghostown is the second. Their first album (as The Radiators from Space) was TV Tube Heart (1977). Their next album Trouble Pilgrim produced after a reunion would only be released in 2006.
 Euphoric is an album by Canadian industrial/electronic music group Delerium. It was released in 1991.
 The End is Near is the fifth album by Five Iron Frenzy self-released on June 18 2003. The album was later widely re-released as a part of double album titled The End is Here (stylized as The End is Near Here) by Five Minute Walk Records on April 20 2004. The double album includes both the studio album and a live recording of the band's final concert performance.
 Philosophy of the World is the first album by The Shaggs released in 1969 by Third Word Records and rereleased in 1980 by Red Rooster Records/Rounder Records after the band NRBQ found it at a Massachusetts radio station in 1978. A CD version containing Shaggs' Own Thing was released in 1988 by Rounder and another CD this time without the latter record was released by RCA Victor in 1999.Recording of the album was financed by Austin Wiggin father of the bandmembers.
 Sturm & Drang Tour 2002 is a KMFDM album recorded live during the Sturm and Drang Tour in 2002. It was compiled from the Cleveland Detroit and Chicago shows. It includes some of the tracks from the Attak album along with some songs from other albums. The tour featured 16 Volt Kidneythieves and PIG as supporting acts. KMFDM's lineup consisted of:
 The Severed inception is the debut album by death metal band Inevitable End. It was released on March 17 2009 through Relapse Records
 Live at the Fillmore is a 2010 live album by American rock musician Chris Isaak. The album was recorded in 2008.
 Live...Animal is generally a three-track EP containing three songs from W.A.S.P.'s live acts from 1984 - 1987. It was solely produced by Blackie Lawless.
 Psalms Of Extinction is the fifth studio album by Swedish Metal band Pain released on April 16 2007 in Europe's Nordic Territories and May 7 2007 in the rest of Europe. The first Pain album since their debut to lack a charting single it hit #21 on the Swedish charts but dropped off after only two weeks. Zombie Slam is the first song from the album to receive a video.
 Soul on Soul is the 14th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas and his first on a major label. It was released on the RCA label in 2000 and features performances by Douglas Chris Speed Joshua Roseman Greg Tardy Uri Caine James Genus and Joey Baron. The album includes Douglas' interpretations of four compositions by Mary Lou Williams.
 Dream Police is a 1979 studio album by Cheap Trick. It was their fourth studio release and third in a row produced by Tom Werman. It is the band's most commercially successful studio album going to No. 6 on the Billboard 200 chart and being certified platinum within a few months of its release.
 The End of This Chapter is the name of Sonata Arctica's first compilation album named after the track (taken from their album Silence). It was released in August 2005 in Japan but European release dates indicate May 3 2006.
 Earth is the second recording from the progressive metal band Elitist.
 It’s My Way is first album by folk singer Buffy Sainte-Marie. Though the album did not chart it proved influential in the folk community. It is most famous for two widely covered folk standards Universal Soldier and Cod'ine as well as Now That the Buffalo's Gone a lament about the continued confiscation of Indian lands as evidenced by the building of the Kinzua Dam in about 1964.
 Invictus Infinitum is the second album by Sydney based melodic death metal band Switchblade.
 Compilation Appearances Vol. 2 is a compilation album by Lycia released on July 31 2001 through Projekt Records.
 The Other Side is the second album by the British R&B singer Lynden David Hall released in 2000 on the Cooltempo label. It peaked at #36 on the UK albums chart.
 Crisis in Utopia is the debut album of heavy metal band Holy Grail.
 Christmas Turkey is a Christmas-themed album released in 1997 by the Canadian comedy music group The Arrogant Worms. It includes a re-recorded version of The Christmas Song (which appeared on their debut album).
 An Acoustic Night at the Theatre is the second live album by Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation that has been released in October–November 2009.
 No Es lo Mismo is the sixth studio album recorded by Spanish singer-songwriter Alejandro Sanz released more than three years after his last album El Alma al Aire. It was produced with the collaboration of the Cuban musician Lulo Pérez.
 The Golden River is the second full length album by Canadian indie rock band Frog Eyes. It is critically acclaimed and regarded by many as their best work.[citation needed]
 Luba is a four song EP debut on Capitol-EMI of Canada by Canadian singer Luba and band. Included is the hit single Everytime I See Your Picture a popular song in Canada at that time which eventually jumpstarted her major singing career. The album was only available on vinyl record.
 Easy Action is the second studio album by Alice Cooper released by Straight Records in March 1970. The title comes from a line in the musical film West Side Story which was one of the band's favorite films. As with Pretties For You the band's debut from the previous year Easy Action was neither a commercial nor critical success.Drummer Neal Smith later said of the record producer David Briggs David hated our music and us.
 Avenging Angel is a solo piano album by American jazz pianist and composer Craig Taborn recorded in July 2010 and released on the ECM label.
 Underdog is the fifth full-length album released by Audio Adrenaline. The album's lyrics are a slight departure from Some Kind of Zombie as they focus more on missions and the word of God being spread as shown in Hands and Feet and Jesus Movement; a theme that would reappear in Worldwide.
 Nekako s' proljeća is the fifth studio album by the extremely popular Sarajevo based pop rock band Crvena jabuka. The album was released during 1991.Nekako s' Projeca's title track features a guest contribution with Kemal Monteno.
 Alf is the debut solo studio album of British singer/songwriter Alison Moyet her first since leaving early 1980s synthpop duo Yazoo (also known as Yaz). Released in November 1984 the album which took its title from the singer's nickname went to No.
 Controllo del livello di rombo is a double live album by Italian rock band Subsonica. It also contains three studio tracks: L'Errore Livido Amniotico and Non Chiedermi Niente.
 Temper Temper is an Album by Eric Gooden & Melanie Williams released in 1991.
 Live at Jive a DVD/CD combination of an overage show played by Peter Combe at JIVE in Adelaide on 6 April 2008. The album features most of Combe's most popular children's songs from the late 80s and early 90s including Toffee Apple Juicy Juicy Green Grass Mr. Clicketty Cane Spaghetti Bolognaise (sic) and several others.The album was recorded as a testament to the fact that Combe can still play children's songs to an overage crowd and have a huge response.
 Fantasy! Jūichi (Fantasy! 拾壱 Fantasy! Eleven) is the eleventh studio album by all-girl Japanese idol group Morning Musume. The album was released on December 1 2010 in a normal and limited edition the first press of the normal edition coming with a photocard and the limited edition coming with a bonus DVD (containing solo shots of each member for the Onna to Otoko no Lullaby Game PV and the graduation announcement) and a different cover.
 Get Closer (1982) is a Gold-plus Grammy Award-winning album by singer/songwriter/producer Linda Ronstadt. It arrived two and a half years after Ronstadt's excursion into Punk Rock with her Mad Love album. It was taken out of print in 2009.
 No Parking on the Dance Floor is Midnight Star's fourth and most successful album. Released in 1983 the album contains the hit singles Freak-A-Zoid Wet My Whistle Electricity and No Parking (On the Dance Floor) as well as the seminal quiet storm anthem Slow Jam.
 All Haunt's Sound is the second album by the indie pop group The Alice Rose released in 2009.The album was recorded between March and December 2008 with the producer Andy Sharp at Music Lane Studio in Austin Texas.
 Heavy Trash is the debut album by Heavy Trash released in 2005.
 Happy Town is the third album by American singer-songwriter Jill Sobule released in 1997. (see 1997 in music). The album contained the singles Bitter and When My Ship Comes In as well as the fan favorite Half a Heart and the satirical social commentary Soldiers of Christ where Sobule sings from the point of view of a Christian Conservative to illustrate the existence of Homophobia in religion.
 The Poison is the debut album by Welsh heavy metal band Bullet for My Valentine. The album was released on October 3 2005 through Visible Noise Records in the UK and on February 14 2006 in the United States through Trustkill Records.
 Juan Gabriel is the self-titled studio album written produced and performed by Mexican singer-songwriter Juan Gabriel on Fonovisa Records label. After seven years of a studio album it was released on May 4 2010. On this album there are 11 tracks 5 of which have never been recorded and the remaining 6 tracks are songs that have been interpreted by other singers but had never been recorded by the singer-songwriter.
 One Two... Five is the fifth studio album by the Serbian Irish folk/Celtic rock band Orthodox Celts released in 2007.Like the band's previous album A Moment Like The Longest Day One Two... Five was produced by Block Out member Nikola Vranjković.
 Tellement j'ai d'amour... (meaning I Have So Much Love...) is a French studio album by Canadian singer Celine Dion released in Quebec Canada on 7 September 1982. It's her third French album.
 Sparrows Point is the 1992 debut album by singer-songwriter Richard Shindell.
 Broom is a full-length album from indie pop/rock band Someone Still Loves You Boris Yeltsin. It was released in the United States in 2005.
 Later That Same Year is the 1970 album by country rock/folk rock musician Ian Matthews' band Matthews' Southern Comfort. This was Ian's third album after his departure from Fairport Convention.
 You Lay So Easy on My Mind is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in November 1974 by Columbia Records. It made its first appearance on the Billboard Top LP's & Tapes chart in the issue dated December 28 1974 and remained there for four weeks peaking at number 150.
 Roulette is the fourth studio album by English boy band Blue released on 25 January 2013. The album was preceded by the release of the lead single Hurt Lovers on 4 January 2013 and also includes the band's Eurovision entry single I Can. The album was released in Germany and certain other European territories on 25 January. It was released in United Kingdom in 28 April 2013.
 Distant Horizons is the twenty-first studio album by the English space rock group Hawkwind released in 1997.Towards the end of 1996 Jerry Richards who had been contributing lead guitar to some live dates and recording sessions joined the group permanently. Dissatisfied with the musical direction of the group long standing bassist Alan Davey chose to leave at the end of 1996. His bass playing duties were picked up by singer Ron Tree.
 Prelapse is an album by the Boston-based band of the same name featuring John Zorn. The album was released on the Japanese Avant label in 1999 and features 10 tracks originally written by Zorn for the band Naked City. The band came to Zorn's attention after transcribing several Naked City compositions.
 Hi Infidelity is the ninth studio album by REO Speedwagon released in 1980 (see 1980 in music). It went on to become the biggest selling rock LP of 1981 eventually selling over ten million copies. Six songs from this album hit Billboard charts including Keep On Loving You which was the band's first Number 1 hit and Take It on the Run which reached No. 5 on the charts.
 History of the Grateful Dead Volume One (Bear's Choice) is the ninth album and the fourth live album by the Grateful Dead released in July 1973 on Warner Bros. Records catalogue BS 2721. It offers concert highlights from the band's performances of February 13 and 14 1970 at the Fillmore East in New York City and peaked at #60 on the Billboard 200.[citation needed]
 Meanwhile... is the second album by Trance Mission released in 1995 through City of Tribes Records.
 Roll with the New is the second comedy album by Chris Rock. It is a combination of live material (also seen in his special Bring the Pain) and comedy sketches. The album won the 1998 Grammy Award for Best Spoken Comedy Album.
 Give It Up is an album by American jazz saxophonist Jimmy Lyons recorded in 1985 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 The Best of Celine Dion & David Foster is a compilation album by Canadian singer Celine Dion released by Sony Music Entertainment in selected Asian countries on 19 October 2012. It includes songs produced by Grammy Award-winning musician record producer and songwriter David Foster.
 The Verge is the third full-length album from the alternative rock band There For Tomorrow. It was released on Hopeless Records on June 28 2011. The album was voted one of the most anticipated albums of the year by the Alternative Press. The album's first single Hunt Hunt Hunt was released on February 29 2011. The Verge's album art and track listing was released on May 12 2011 with each song length released on May 29.
 Sex with an X is the second studio album by the Scottish alternative rock band The Vaselines which was released on 14 September 2010 on Sub Pop.The first single from the album I Hate The 80's was released on 10 June 2010. The second single the title track Sex with an X was released on 24 August 2010 with a B-Side entitled Roaster while the third single Mouth To Mouth was released on Valentine's Day 14 February 2011.
 Split E.P. is an EP shared by British alternative rock band Hundred Reasons and the now defunct Garrison. Released on 27 August 2001 this EP contained two tracks from each band. One of Garrison's tracks Ego is originally by The God Machine.
 The Polyester Embassy is the debut studio album by Australian band Madison Avenue released in Australia on 2 October 2000 (see 2000 in music) by Vicious Grooves.
 João Gilberto is a bossa nova album by João Gilberto originally released in Brazil as a vinyl LP in 1973 and reissued on CD in 1988. João Gilberto released another album named João Gilberto in 1961 as well as several EPs with only his name as title. The minimal instrumentation – just Gilberto's guitar and voice plus Sonny Carr's very sparse percussion – and the relentless beat give the album a hypnotic feel. The album's sound engineer was famous electronic music pioneer Wendy Carlos.
 Oscar in Paris is a 1996 live album by Oscar Peterson released in 1997.
 Temblaban Con Sonata Solitaria Is a live DVD by Austin TV that was given on a concert of the band. All the tracks are listed in English.
 Stand Up is the third Korean mini album by South Korean boy band Big Bang released by YG Entertainment. The mini album sold over 166000 copies and contained the hit song 하루하루 or Day by Day better known as 'Haru Haru' which managed to achieve as much success as Big Bang's latest hits Lies and Last Farewell. Haru Haru became one of the most successful singles of all-time in South Korea selling 4972770 digital downloads in South Korea alone.[citation needed]
 All In The Name Of Love is a hit album by the R&B band Atlantic Starr recorded in 1986 and released in early 1987. It was their debut album for Warner Bros. Records after seven years with A&M Records. It featured the band's biggest hit on the pop charts Always as well as the top ten R&B follow-up One Lover at a Time and the late-1986 single Armed and Dangerous which was also the title track from that year's film Armed and Dangerous.
 The Fine Art of Self Destruction is Jesse Malin's debut solo album. Released on December 24 2002 in the UK and January 28 2003 in the United States. It was produced by Ryan Adams (his album-production debut).
 Collage is an album by the Italian progressive rock band Le Orme. It was released in 1971. It is the first progressive-like album by the band who had previously recorded only the beat-oriented Ad Gloriam of 1968.
 Rien is a 1994 album by the German krautrock group Faust. It was their fifth album and their first reunion album.
 The Vinyl Cafe Family Pack (2011) is a 4-CD album by Stuart McLean released by Vinyl Cafe Productions.This is a collection of some of the most loved most requested Dave and Morley Stories featuring the family at the centre of the popular CBC Radio show The Vinyl Cafe.
 Pebbles Volume 8 is a compilation album among the CDs in the Pebbles series; it is subtitled Southern California 1. The next CD in the series Pebbles Volume 9 also feature bands from Southern California; while Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 1 Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 2 and Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 3 showcase music from Los Angeles specifically.
 Pitchin Can is an album by jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp recorded in Europe in 1969 and 1970 for the America label. The album features one track by Shepp with Clifford Thornton Noah Howard Julio Finn Leroy Jenkins Dave Burrell Earl Freeman Sunny Murray and Chicago Beau (Pitchin' Can which was added to the CD release of Black Gipsy) and one extended track by Shepp with Thornton Lester Bowie Alan Shorter Bobby Few Bob Reid Muhammad Ali Djibrill and Ostaine Blue Warner.
 After the Fact is the first compilation album released by Magazine in 1982 but it was posthumous because the band dissolved one year before.
 Hail Horror Hail is an album by the band Sigh. It was released by Cacophonous Records originally in 1997.This is the first full-length album of Sigh's to explore their more well known avant-garde/experimental sound (Ghastly Funeral Theatre marking the true beginnings of their experimentation). An inside sleeve of the album dictates the following passage:This album is way beyond the conceived notion of how metal or music should be.
 Wild Ride was the second album released by Steve Forde and the Flange it was a followup to Livin Right and had 3 singles.
 Seeking the Way: The Greatest Hits is a Shadows Fall greatest hits collection covering songs the band released through their previous label Century Media. The songs are taken from the following releases: Second LP Of One Blood (2000) Japanese EP Deadworld (2001) Third LP The Art of Balance (2002) Fourth LP The War Within (2004) Compilation Fallout from the War (2006)The first three songs are taken from the band's 2000 release Of One Blood. They have been completely remixed and remastered.
 Digiryzm Mutation is the second album released by the Japanese pop rock trio Iceman on May 21 1998.
 Texas in July is the third studio album from Texas in July. The album was produced by Will Putney recorded at Machine Shop Studios in Belleville New Jersey and released on October 9 2012 with Bed of Nails the first single from the album released on September 11 2012.
 Marlena is an album by American vocalist Marlena Shaw recorded in 1972 and released on the Blue Note label. The album was Shaw's third release and her first for the Blue Note label.
 Vs. Children is the fifth studio album by Casiotone for the Painfully Alone.
 Local H's Awesome Mix Tape #1 is an EP by the alternative rock band Local H. It was released on October 19 2010 on the band's own G&P Records. The EP features covers that the band has performed live. The EP was released digitally on CD as well as on a handful of cassette tapes.
 The House of Love is the second album by British alternative rock band The House of Love released on Fontana Records in 1990. It should not be confused with the band's debut album which is also called The House of Love. It is generally referred to either as Fontana (after the record label it was issued on) or The Butterfly album (after Trevor Key's sleeve art).
 Soft Skulls is a spoken word album by American indie hip hop artist Doseone. It was released in 2007. It is available online from the Doseone Gigastore and at Subtle shows. It is limited to 500 copies.It consists of poems some of which are lyrics to songs by Themselves Subtle and 13 & God; groups which Doseone is a member of.
 Perfil (In English: Profile) is an album by Brazilian rock musician Cássia Eller released in 2003 by the label Som Livre in their profile series containing hits like Malandragem O Segundo Sol Palavras ao Vento Por Enquanto Milagreiro (with Djavan) and Nós among others.
 Play is the fifth studio album by American electronica musician Moby released on May 17 1999 on V2 Records. While some of Moby's earlier work garnered critical and commercial success within the electronic dance music scene Play was both a critical success and a commercial phenomenon.
 Bang Goes the Knighthood is the tenth studio album by The Divine Comedy. It was released on 31 May 2010.
 Motor City Resurrection is a compilation album by The 69 Eyes released in 1994. It's a compilation of the band's early 7 singles and EPs. It even features a cover of Gimme Some Head originally by the cult shock rocker GG Allin and MC5's Wayne Kramer. In 2007 the album was re-released on Cleopatra Records for distribution within the US. The re-released version includes additional cover songs and two original songs from previous singles EPs and tribute albums.
 Cows and Beer is an EP by Die Kreuzen released in 1982 through Version Sound.
 12 Gauge is the self-titled debut album by 12 Gauge released on May 20 1994 through Scotti Bros. Records.The album is best known for its lead single and 12 Gauge's only top 40 hit Dunkie Butt. The single spent 21 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 peaking at No. 28 and was certified gold by the RIAA for sales of 500000 copies. The album itself made it to No. 141 on the Billboard 200 and 44 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums the only one of his three albums to reach the Billboard charts.
 Wreck is the seventh album by Unsane released on March 20 2012 through Alternative Tentacles.
 Vitamin Enhanced is a 6-disc box set by English psychedelic rock band Ozric Tentacles. It compiles the band's six first recordings originally released in the 1980s.The first six albums were originally released on cassette handmade by the band and only sold at festivals and concerts. In 1993 the albums were transferred to CD and the compiling box set was first released in November 1994 through the band's independent record label Dovetail Records.
 Time to Burn is the second studio album by Giant released in 1992.Vocalist/guitarist Dann Huff had proven his guitar-playing chops as a studio musician on hit albums and singles across the popular music spectrum throughout the 1980s before starting a band with brother David on drums Mike Brignardello on bass and Alan Pasqua on keyboards and scoring a hit of their own with I'll See You In My Dreams in 1989-1990.
 Kamakiriad is the second solo album by Steely Dan singer Donald Fagen released in 1993. It was his first collaboration since 1980 with Steely Dan partner Walter Becker who produced the album. The album is a futuristic optimistic eight-song cycle about the journey of the narrator in his high-tech car the Kamakiri (Japanese for praying mantis).
 Cocktail is the debut album from the Mexican electropop band Belanova.The album was recorded in Mexico City in 2002 and finally released on 14 February 2003 without promotion. The album spent its first months on the shelves but then radio picked up the first single Tus Ojos. By the summer of 2003 the album finally entered album charts reaching its peak position of number-five and number-three on the Mexican Latin Albums Chart.
 Live at Semper Opera is a live album by French Jazz-Fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty released in 2002.
 None for All and All for One is a limited edition EP of new material written in secret by the British alternative band Pitchshifter. The EP was given away free with every ticket purchased for every show on the 'Back From the Dead' tour in March 2006. It was also available through their store on the PSI Records website until October 2007. Predisposed (To Sickness) is a cover of This Is Menace song Predisposed.
 Mind Chaos is the 2009 studio album by Portland Oregon band Hockey.
 Everything Will Work Out Right is the debut album by Canadian singer and songwriter Morgan Finlay. It was released in 2005.
 Black Candy is the third album by indie rock band Beat Happening.
 Live is the second album by Russian rock band Chizh & Co originally released in 1994.
 The Turn of a Friendly Card is the fifth album by progressive rock band The Alan Parsons Project released in 1980. It focuses on gambling and loosely tells the tale of a middle-aged man who grows restless and takes a chance by going to a casino and betting all he has only to lose it all. The album has a 16-minute title piece which was broken up into five tracks (except the West German CD pressing) with the five sub-tracks listed as sub-sections.
 Formula 27 is a 4-song 7 EP by Screeching Weasel. It was released as a companion to Bark Like a Dog the band's first album after their second breakup. All four songs were recorded during the sessions for the album with the same lineup. This EP would be the last new material that the classic Screeching Weasel lineup of Weasel/Jughead/Vapid/Panic would release. All the songs deal with issues involving personal relationships and all but the first relate to relationship problems.
 Cobalt Hour (コバルト・アワー Kobaruto Awaa) stylized as COBALT HOUR is Yumi Arai's third studio album released on June 20 1975 by Toshiba EMI/Express (now part of EMI Music Japan). For a period of time the album was distributed by Alfa Records. On April 26 2000 the recording was digitally remastered for re-release on CD by Bernie Grundman. Internet sales of the album began March 10 2005.The album cover was illustrated by Pater Sato.
 A Black & White Night Live is a Roy Orbison music album made posthumously by Virgin Records from the HBO television broadcast Roy Orbison and Friends A Black and White Night. The album was released in 1989 and included the songs Blue Bayou and Claudette that because of time constraints had been deleted from the televised broadcast. However it did not include the song Blue Angel which was cut from the original broadcast for the same reason.
 Brats in Battalions is the second album by punk band The Adolescents which was released in 1987. This was the band's first album in six years.
 Out of the Storm is the fourth studio album by British bassist Jack Bruce. Originally Bruce had wanted to title the album Into The Storm but according to Bruce we couldn't find any stormy weather instead we gave up and instead we found a little wood.
 A Time of Changes is the debut studio album by the British heavy metal band Blitzkrieg released in 1985.
 Direct is the title of The 77s' second EP released in 2002 on the band's own Fools of the World label.
 Been Listening is the second full-length LP by London-based folk-rock band Johnny Flynn & The Sussex Wit. The album was recorded in both London and Seattle and features collaborations with Laura Marling and Anna Calvi. The album was also released in a 2-disc special edition and on vinyl.
 Keef el Amar (Like The Moon) is Amal Hijazi's fifth studio album it has been released on March 31 2008. The first video clip Ahla Ma Fel Eyyam has been released in the same day.
 Nära mej nära dej is an album by Swedish singer Sanna Nielsen released on February 15 2006. It peaked at #12 at the Swedish album chart. The opening track Rör vid min själ is You Raise Me Up with lyrics in Swedish.
 Running Free is the fourth album by New Zealand / Australian rock band Dragon It was originally released in 1977 on vinyl and re-released on CD in 1989.
 Jesus Piece is the fifth studio album by American West Coast hip hop recording artist The Game released on December 11 2012 and his last release on Interscope Records. Within a three-year gap between Game’s third album LAX (2008) and his follow-up The R.E.D. Album (2011) before the latter was finally released in August 2011. The latter album was a fall from his previous three released album sales but became Game's third number one album on the US Billboard 200 chart.
 Words Of Wisdom And Hope is a collaboration between Glasgow Scotland's Teenage Fanclub and Half Japanese frontman Jad Fair.
 Jeanius is the third studio album by American rapper Jean Grae. She worked on it with hip hop producer 9th Wonder and intended to release it in 2004 but the album leaked prematurely and spawned various pirated versions of the unfinished project. After Grae's record deal with the label Jeanius was released on July 8 2008 by Talib Kweli's Blacksmith Records imprint label.
 Thug by Nature is the debut album by American rapper Layzie Bone under the name L-Burna a nickname given to him by his sister. The album was released March 20 2001.My Niggaz features some classic lyrics from Lay's first solo song on B.O.N.E. Enterpri$e #1 Assassin. Layzie's nickname L-Burna which was given to him by his sister a couple of years ago comes from his desire to put the heat on his competition. Layzie Bone told LAUNCH about his choice of album title.
 Branigan 2 is the second album by singer Laura Branigan released in March 1983. Two hit singles emerged from the album the dramatic Martine Clemenceau Solitaire and her introduction of the ballad How Am I Supposed to Live Without You.
 Fermi Paradox is the 2002 (see 2002 in music) album by the band Tub Ring named after Enrico Fermi's Fermi Paradox.
 P Is the Funk is the third installment of the George Clinton Family Series collection. The album was released in 1993 by P-Vine Records in Japan and then was released later in the same year by AEM Records in the U.S. and Sequel Records in the U.K..
 Fluorescent Black is the fourth album by the Alternative hip hop group Antipop Consortium. It was released September 28 2009 on Big Dada Records.
 Luxury is the second full-length album by The Nein. It was released on February 20 2007 on Sonic Unyon.
 The Stage Names is the fourth full-length studio album by American indie rock band Okkervil River released on August 7 2007. The album was recorded in Austin Texas with longtime Okkervil producer Brian Beattie and with mixing from Spoon drummer and producer Jim Eno. Like other Okkervil River albums the accompanying artwork is the work of artist William Schaff. The cover refers to a line from Unless It's Kicks.
 Without You is the third album by British singer-songwriter Sami Yusuf released in London on 17 January 2009 following the release of his first chart-topping albums Al-Mu'allim and My Ummah.
 Blink of an Eye is the second album by the American country music band Ricochet. It was released in 1997 (see 1997 in country music) via Columbia Records. The album includes three singles all of which charted on Billboard Hot Country Songs: He Left a Lot to Be Desired the title track and Connected at the Heart at #18 #39 and #44 respectively.
 Soul of a New Machine is the debut studio album (not counting the 1991 album Concrete) by the Los Angeles California metal band Fear Factory. It was released on August 25 1992. The album was remastered and re-released on October 5 2004 in a digipak packaged together with the remastered Fear Is the Mindkiller EP.
 The Dirty Version is the solo debut from D.I.T.C. rapper A.G. of the duo Showbiz and A.G. The two temporarily split after their 1998 release Full Scale to pursue solo careers. The album features production from former partner Showbiz as well as DJ Premier and D.I.T.C. members Lord Finesse Buckwild and Diamond D. Album guests include D-Flow and Party Arty of the Ghetto Dwellas Fat Joe O.C. Guru KRS-One and Big Pun.
 And the Band Played On... is the fourth album by Pittsburgh pop/rock band the Jaggerz released in 1998. It was their first album since their regrouping nine years earlier. It contains new recordings of songs from the group's three original studio albums.
 Candy Raveparty is a series of compilation albums released by LPU Records (Volumes 1 2 and 3) and Rush Hour 2 Label (Volume 4). They are all live recorded at various clubs in Osaka Japan.
 Question and Answer is a 1989 music album release by modern jazz artists Pat Metheny Dave Holland and Roy Haynes.
 Kuka sä oot is the fourth studio album by Finnish rapper Cheek. It was released on 21 May 2008. The album peaked at number five on the Official Finnish Album Chart.
 The Best of Chris Rea is a 1994 compilation album by Chris Rea.
 Sixty Metonymies is the debut studio album of New York City-based avant-garde band Tartar Lamb. The album is essentially one 40-minute composition for a guitar-violin duo.
 Good to Be Bad is the tenth studio album by Whitesnake released in April 2008.This is the first album of new studio material in a decade since 1997's Restless Heart not including the four new tracks recorded for the 2006 live album Live: In the Shadow of the Blues. The album charted at number 8 on the Top Independent albums number 23 on the Top Canadian albums number 62 on The Billboard 200 and number 7 on the UK Albums Chart.
 4 (pronounced Four) is the fourth studio album by Johan released on 30 April 2009. Unlike Johan's tradition to release new records every five years the album is released only 3 years after THX JHN Like all Johan albums it is released on the Excelsior Recordings label.The first single of the album will be In The Park first aired on 3FM on April 6 2009.
 Lullaby Singer (ララバイSINGER Rarabai Shingā) is the 34th studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima released in November 2006. The album comprises 12 tracks and 4 of them were initially composed for other artists such as A Key for Shizuka Kudo and Only for the Sake of Love for Hiromi Iwasaki. Say Goodbye to That Goodbye a song originally recorded by Tomomi Kahala became the final release for her who has semi-retired since 2007.
 Terrorhawk is the second and final album by the post-hardcore band Bear vs. Shark released in 2005 by Equal Vision Records. The Clash Black Sabbath and Hüsker Dü were all cited by the group as influences on the album. It was written in a cabin in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.A video for Catamaran was released in February 2006 composed of clips taken from a number of live performances in August and September 2005.
 Turtle Island is the first solo album by Paul Hyde of the Payola$ released in 1989 by Capitol/EMI on LP cassette and Compact Disc.
 Smart Bomb is the debut EP by Canadian rock band Thrush Hermit released in 1994 on Murderecords.
 No More Games/The Remix Album is a remix album from pop group New Kids on the Block. It peaked at #19 on the U.S. Billboard 200. By early 1991 the ever-shifting status of musical trends had begun to take its toll on the enormous popularity of the New Kids on the Block. Only two years before the group had taken the U.S. (and the world) by storm with its seminal second release Hangin' Tough. In June 1990 the album Step by Step would spawn the group's most successful single the title track.
 Special Agent is a folk album by Martin Simpson released in 1981.Produced by Ric Sanders and Martin Simpson recorded at Moor Green Studios Rock Wyre Forest. Originally issued by Waterfront in the UK catalogue number WF 008.Typically of an early Simpson album it embraces both contemporary and traditional pieces and includes a Randy Newman song.
 Metheny/Mehldau Quartet is a jazz album released in 2007 by Nonesuch Records and is a collaboration album between guitarist/composer Pat Metheny and jazz pianist Brad Mehldau. An earlier disc from the pair Metheny/Mehldau was released in 2006 and contains mostly duet recordings with the exception of two tracks.
 3 Words is the debut studio album from British pop singer Cheryl Cole released on 23 October 2009 by Fascination Records. The project is Cole's first solo release following a break from releasing material with her band Girls Aloud who after seven years have enjoyed five successful albums and twenty consecutive top-ten singles. Recorded in Los Angeles and London Cole had mainly collaborated with will.i.am of The Black Eyed Peas who was executive producer of the album.
 Benny Carter Meets Oscar Peterson is a 1986 album by alto saxophonist Benny Carter featuring the pianist Oscar Peterson.
 Wildflower released in 1991 is the twelfth album from Hong Kong performer Sandy Lam. As part of the unplugged craze in the Cantopop scene it is widely considered her signature album.
 Bobby Vinton Sings for Lonely Nights was Bobby Vinton's eleventh studio album released in 1965. This album was released to capitalize on the success of Vinton's big hit Mr. Lonely and his album of the same name by containing only songs that refer to loneliness. There were two singles from this album: Long Lonely Nights (previously a minor hit for Lee Andrews & the Hearts then for Clyde McPhatter in 1957 and then for The Four Seasons in 1964) and Vinton's self-penned L-O-N-E-L-Y.
 The Blasters is a 1981 album by American rock and roll band The Blasters. Although the album was released in the US by the independent label Slash Records its strong sales performance required a deal for wider distribution with Warner Bros. Records. The album was well-received making Time magazine's list of top 10 albums for 1981 and peaking at #36 on Billboard's Pop Albums.The album was issued in the UK via F-Beat Records.
 Somnium (2001) is an album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich. It is a seven-hour album on a DVD-video and is based on Rich's sleep concert series of the early 1980s. Like those concerts the music on this album was composed to influence the dreams and pre-REM hypnogogic visions of the listener. For this purpose it is suggested that the volume be kept down to the threshold of perceptibility ideally with speakers surrounding the listener's bed.
 Love Is... is an album by J-pop singer Sachi Tainaka. It is her second studio album under the Sistus Records label. It was released on February 13 2008 with a regular (CD Only) edition and a limited (CD+DVD) edition that contains the music videos of her first 4 released singles.The catalog number for the regular edition is GNCX-1006 while the limited edition is GNCX-1005The album covers her three latest singles Itoshii Hito e Lipstick/Ichiban Boshi and Visit of love.
 In the Name of Suffering is the debut album by sludge metal pioneers Eyehategod released on December 1 1992. The album was originally released on French label Intellectual Convulsion but only 1500–2000 copies were pressed of this release before the label disappeared. They were then picked up by Century Media who promptly rereleased the album.
 Hatfield and the North is the first album by experimental Canterbury scene rock band Hatfield and the North.In the Q & Mojo Classic Special Edition Pink Floyd & The Story of Prog Rock the album came #34 in its list of 40 Cosmic Rock Albums.
 WKND (Weekend) is an electronic dance music album released by Ferry Corsten on February 24 2012. It is his fourth studio album released under his own name.
 The Best of Marie Osmond is greatest hits album from country music singer Marie Osmond. It was released in 1990 on Curb Records. The album features the 1990 version of Osmond's biggest hit Paper Roses. This album features the biggest hits of Marie's country music. Included here are her three Billboard Magazine #1 country singles There's No Stoppin' Your Heart Meet Me In Montana and You're Still New To Me. It also includes the Top Ten hit Read My Lips.
 Mingus is the tenth studio album by Joni Mitchell and a collaboration with jazz musician Charles Mingus. Recorded in the months before his death it would be Mingus's final musical project; the album is wholly dedicated to him.The album is quite experimental featuring minimalist jazz overplucked buzzing acoustic guitars and even wolves howling through The Wolf That Lives In Lindsey.
 Ferris Wheel on Fire is the second EP by American psych folk band Neutral Milk Hotel released as part of their Walking Wall of Words compilation package. Though not released until December 12 2011 all the songs were written between 1992 and 1995.
 High Horse Olympics is an EP by The Kinetiks released on April 27 2007 by Rapture Records. This was The Kinetiks debut EP. The song Run Run Run was featured in The Real World: Cancun episode entitled Jerkface Joes and Romeos.
 Somewhere Over the Radio is a comedy album by The Bob & Tom Show which was first released in November 2011. It is a double disc CD compilation which represents original material recorded during their daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.
 An Evening with Diana Ross is a 1977 live double album released by American singer Diana Ross on the Motown label.
 Ed Rec Vol. 3 is a compilation in the Ed Banger Records annual compilation series. It was released on the 26th of May 2008. The compilation is available as an unmixed CD a gatefold LP and a 6x12 vinyl boxset which also includes the unmixed CD version.
 What Silence Knows is the debut solo album by the British singer Shara Nelson. Released in September 1993 it peaked at no. 22 on the UK Albums Chart and was later certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry for sales in excess of 100000 copies.The album was shortlisted for the 1994 Mercury Music Prize.
 Son of a Bitches Brew is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & the Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released by Riot Season in 2012. The album is available on CD or as a limited edition double-LP (500 copies) on blue and salmon vinyl. This album also marks the return of former vocalist Cotton Casino.
 The Roc Boys is a collaboration album by State Property members Beanie Sigel and Freeway. The album was released on March 9 2010. The album features guest appearances from Young Chris Young Gunz State Property Jakk Frost Wale and Tyeena.
 The Spirit is a live album by thr British melodic rock band Magnum released in 1991 by Polydor.Recorded during the Goodnight L.A. tour the selection of recordings was made according to the band's live set. The band selected the recording that they were most happy with.
 Emerge: The Best of Neocolours is the fourth and latest album of Neocolours now released by Universal Records since Ito Rapadas was now a label manager of the music company originally from Vicor Music Corp. This album consists of the best hits and singles that the band ever produced for the Filipino audience. As of last count the album has reached double platinum sales which confirms the band's low key support in the adult contemporary genre.
 La Vie En Rose is the debut album by Japanese rock band D'erlanger released on February 10 1989. It was instantly successful having to be reissued three times that year alone and with the 1991 release reaching number 25 on the Oricon chart.
 Decemberunderground is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band AFI. The album was released on June 6 2006 through Interscope Records. It debuted at #1 on the Billboard 200 selling 182000 in its first week. The album was certified Gold by the RIAA on August 30 2006 and has sold more than 993000 in the United States as of September 2009. It has since gone Platinum.
 Once Over Lightly is a 1957 album by Jo Stafford. On this album she is accompanied by Art Van Damme and his orchestra. Once Over Lightly was released on the Columbia label.
 To capture the sensation of teen-idol Shaun Cassidy Warner Bros. Records released a live album of his 1979 concert tour named That's Rock 'N' Roll Live. The album featured tracks from his four studio albums (Shaun Cassidy Born Late Under Wraps and the then-forthcoming album Room Service).
 I Thought I Was an Alien is the debut studio album by French singer Soko released in February 2012.
 GötterDÄmmerung - Tribut an die beste Band der Welt (Twilight of the Gods - Tribute album to the best band in the world - DÄ stand for Die Ärzte) is a tribute album of Die Ärzte songs.
 Sleep Is for the Week is the debut album by UK based songwriter Frank Turner released on 15 January 2007 by Xtra Mile Recordings. In a 2008 interview Turner claimed that the album was a snapshot of pretty much exactly one year of my life. The general reception by the music press was largely positive. The artwork for the album sleeve was drawn by Chris Pell.
 Just Be: Remixed is an album by Tiësto that was an exclusive iTunes album but it has been made available via Nettwerk's digital online music store Napster and the Black Hole Recordings website. The songs on this album are remixes from Tiësto's original album Just Be. The tracks named Adagio for Strings are remixes of the famous song with the same name by Samuel Barber.
 Rejoice is an album by Christian band 2nd Chapter of Acts.
 Ayumi Hamasaki's Ayumi Hamasaki Countdown Live 2002–2003 A DVD was released in the Complete Live Box.
 Fuck Off Get Free We Pour Light on Everything is the seventh full-length album by the Canadian experimental rock group Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra. The album was released on January 20 2014 on Constellation Records.
 Too Late to Stop Now: The Very Best of the Dubliners is a career-spanning greatest hits collection of The Dubliners released in 2006. The album charted at No.23 in Ireland and No.54 in the UK. Disc One features the hits while Disc Two features selections recorded live at the Gaiety Theatre Dublin in 2002 including some that were not included on the original Live From The Gaiety CD but were included on the DVD.
 Live at the Cactus Cafe is a live album by American singer-songwriter Loudon Wainwright III released on January 28 2013 on All Access. Recorded on May 11 1990 the performance was initially broadcast live on Kut-fm.At the time of album's performance seven of its tracks had yet to be released.
 Water Sign is the fifth studio album by Chris Rea released in 1983. It was one of the best-known albums by Chris Rea. I Can Hear Your Heartbeat was the most well-known song on the album.
 St. Vincent is the self-titled fourth studio album by American musician St. Vincent. It was released on February 24 2014 in the United Kingdom and February 25 in the United States through Loma Vista and Republic Records.The album which was produced by John Congleton features collaborations from Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings drummer Homer Steinweiss and Midlake drummer McKenzie Smith.
 Michael Jackson's This Is It (or simply This Is It) is a posthumous two-disc soundtrack album by American recording artist Michael Jackson. Released by Epic Records on October 26 2009 This Is It features previously released music as well as six previously unreleased recordings by Michael Jackson.
 The Graceful Fallen Mango is the first album by experimental rock band Dirty Projectors. However it was released under head Projector Dave Longstreth's name. The album is a collection of tunes recorded in Longstreth's bedroom on a 4-track machine and in his brother's basement on a computer. Dave Longstreth plays everything on the album save for some back-up vocals on two tracks which were sung by his brother Jake and a person only identified as Steve in the liner notes.
 The Stinger is an album by jazz organist Johnny Hammond Smith recorded for the Prestige label in 1965.
 Chronicles is a compilation of music videos by Canadian rock band Rush from 1977 to 1987. It was originally released in 1990 on VHS. A compilation album on CD and cassette of similar material was released at the same time.The Chronicles video release was later issued on DVD. Absent from this collection are the following videos: Fly By Night Vital Signs Countdown and The Body Electric. Plus a studio recording of Tom Sawyer (similar to Limelight) replaces the Exit...Stage Left version.
 Forest Flower is a live album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd recorded at the Monterey Jazz Festival in 1966 by the Charles Lloyd Quartet featuring Keith Jarrett Cecil McBee and Jack DeJohnette.
 Galaxian is the fifth album by Keyboardist Jeff Lorber as leader of his band The Jeff Lorber Fusion.
 Marche à l'ombre is the fourth studio album by French singer-songwriter Renaud released in 1980 by Polydor Records. It is the first of Renaud's album that officially has a title his three first albums being unnamed.Marche à l'ombre contains three of Renaud's most popular songs:[citation needed]: Marche à l'ombre contains observations and aspersions cast on various characters who walk into the narrator's favorite bar as he relaxes with a pinball-obsessed friend.
 Niño Rojo is the fourth studio release by freak folk artist Devendra Banhart and his third release on the label Young God Records. It was released on September 13 2004.In 2007 the song Little Yellow Spider was used in a commercial for Orange mobile phone services and in 2005 the song At The Hop was featured in a commercial for Cathedral City cheese and in Fat Tire Beer's Follow your Folly commercial.
 Waste of Mind is the mainstream debut and second studio album overall released by American punk rock band Zebrahead.
 Screeching Weasel/Born Against split is a split EP featuring Screeching Weasel and Born Against. It was released in 1993 on 7 vinyl and CD by Lookout! Records. The premise of this record is that Born Against wrote music for lyrics written by Screeching Weasel and vice-versa. The double-sided cover art plays on their different styles political hardcore and pop punk as well.
 Just the Hits 6 was released in 2001. This album was the sixth and final edition of the New Zealand compilation series.
 How Great Is Your Love is a 2009 zydeco album by Sean Ardoin and his Christian zydeco band R.O.G.K. - the acronym stands for Reflections Of God’s Kingdom. The album was one of the first notable zydeco gospel albums.
 Cruel Summer is the third American album by Swedish pop music group Ace of Base. When Flowers saw the sale of four million copies after its release in Europe Asia and Africa on June 15 1998 Arista Records decided to release their own version of the album in the US and Japan re-titled Cruel Summer.
 Sing the Big Hits (aka The Statler Brothers Sing the Big Hits) is the second album by The Statler Brothers. It produced their hit singles Ruthless and You Can't Have Your Kate and Edith Too which both peaked at #10 on the Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart.
 Rocío Banquells is the 1st studio album by Mexican pop singer Rocío Banquells. This album was released on 1985.
 Spearhead is an EP by Bolt Thrower. It is recorded at Sawmill studios produced by Colin Richardson and Bolt Thrower engineered by John Cornfield. Mixed at Fon studios September 1992 engineered by Alan Fisch and Steve Harris. It is released on Earache Records: Mosh 73 in February 1993 and is now deleted.
 Christmas is an EP by Pet Shop Boys released on 14 December 2009.The EP (which entered the UK Singles Chart at number 40) contains a new version of their exclusive 1997 fan club single It Doesn't Often Snow at Christmas and a new version of the track All Over the World from their tenth studio album Yes.
 Touch 'Em with Love is the fourth album by Bobbie Gentry. The first of two albums she released in 1969 it was recorded in Nashville and produced by Kelso Herston. It was released on Capitol Records.
 Actual Size is the sixth album by the American rock band Mr. Big originally released in August 2001. It was their second and final studio album to feature guitarist Richie Kotzen. Actual Size would be Mr. Big's final studio album for 10 years until What If... in 2011.
 Va ska man ta livet av sig för när man ändå inte får höra snacket efteråt? (English: Why take one's life when one can't hear the chat afterwards?) is a 1977 album from Swedish pop and rock artist Magnus Uggla.The rebellious Jag Skiter (I Don't Give a Damn) became a smash hit among Swedish youth.The song Balladen om 70-talets största rockband (The ballad of the 70's greatest rockband) is about a Mott the Hoople concert Magnus Uggla attended in 1971.The song Varning På Stan (Danger Downtown) became Uggla's first hit single and was later recorded in English with the name Hit the Girls on the Run. 
 Forever Baby is an EP recording by Juliana Hatfield released in 1992.
 Radiogram is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show which was first released in November 2001. It is a two-disc set which represents original material recorded during their syndicated daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.
 Good Man Down is the second album by the Estonian Indie rock band Ewert and The Two Dragons. It was released on April 15 2011 as a follow-up to their debut album The Hills Behind The Hills. Upon release the album was met with positive response from critics and was nominated for four awards for Estonian Music Awards of which it won all. The album was the best-selling album of 2011 and 2012 in Estonia. On June 25 2013 the album was re-released in the US by Sire Records and Warner Bros.
 From The Heart is the third studio album released by American country music singer Doug Stone. It was released on August 11 1992 (see 1992 in country music) on Epic Records Nashville.This album certified gold in the U.S. provieded Stone with four singles on the Hot Country Songs charts: the Top Five hits Warning Labels and Made for Lovin' You as well as the Number Ones Why Didn't I Think of That and Too Busy Being in Love.
 Real Love Stories (stylized as Real. Love. Stories.) is the tenth album of singer/actress/host Jaya Ramsey. It is a 14-track all revival album produced and released by GMA Records in August 23 2009 both in CD and digital format.This is also her second album under the said recording company. The first one was Cool Change which earned a gold record award for its outstanding sales.
 Ricki-Lee: The Singles is a two disc compilation album by Australian singer-songwriter Ricki-Lee Coulter. Disc one features the singles released from the singer's previous two albums in both their original and remixed forms and also two new songs the lead single Wiggle It which features Australian rapper Samir and Coulter's version of Over the Rainbow. Disc two includes a seven-track DVD of her video clips thus far. It was released in Australia on 8 November 2008.
 One Last Laugh In A Place Of Dying... is the second and final album by The God Machine. It was released on CD and LP in 1994 by Fiction Records/Polydor. The band had already ceased to function by the time of the album's release due to the sudden tragic death of bassist Jimmy Fernandez earlier in the year.
 Temple of the Morning Star is the fourth studio album by the American noisecore band Today Is the Day released on September 23 1997 through Relapse Records.
 Rockin' Every Night – Live in Japan is a live album recorded by Gary Moore at Tokyo's Shinjuku Kousei Nenkin Hall in 1983 during the Corridors of Power tour. Despite being released in Japan in 1983 it was not given a European release until 1986. The 2002 CD reissue included the three live tracks recorded at the Marquee London on 25 August 1982 from the bonus EP included with the first 25000 vinyl copies of Corridors of Power.
 Oi! Młodzież/Mechaniczna Pomarańcza is a split CD of Polish streetpunk bands The Analogs and Ramzes & the Hooligans.
 Stormy Weather: The Music of Harold Arlen is a compilation tribute album of Harold Arlen songs released by Sony in February 2003 as a companion album to the film of the same name. The album was produced by Hal Willner.
 Live at the Mirage is the fourth live music video title by singer and actress Cher. Initially released by Sony BMG in 1992 and re-released in 2005 by Eagle Rock Entertainment it contained footage from Cher's two Heart of Stone Tour specials filmed at Mirage Hotel in Las Vegas in 1990. It featured tracks from Cher and Heart of Stone albums alongside various covers.
 Gosford Park Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 2001 film Gosford Park.
 Peel Sessions is the name of two Extended Plays and a subsequent compilation released by the English musical group New Order.
 Überjam Deux is a studio album by jazz musician John Scofield. The record features musicians Avi Bortnick on guitars and sampling Andy Hess on bass guitar Adam Deitch and Louis Cato on drums and John Medeski on organ Wurlitzer and mellotron.The album is a follow-up on the previous Überjam record.
 Armed to the Teeth is the second studio album by the American rock band Abandoned Pools. It was released on September 27 2005 though Universal Records. The album is preceded by The Reverb EP released June 7. The album draws on traditional progressive rock elements combining them with diverse elements ranging from Mexican folk music to German polka.
 The Ethel Merman Disco Album is a 1979 album by American Broadway performer Ethel Merman. It was released on A&M Records. Over the years the record became a camp classic with vinyl copies highly sought out by collectors.
 The Ultra-Violence is the debut studio album by the Bay Area thrash band Death Angel released in 1987. The album was recorded while all members were under 20 with drummer Andy Galeon just 14 years old. The album sold 40000 copies in just four months. A snippet of the title track The Ultra Violence can be heard on a Carl's Jr. commercial for their Jalapeño Turkey Burger.The title could be a reference to Stanley Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange.
 Ordeal of the Century is the second EP by Finnish post-metal band Callisto. It was first released in 2002 by Fullsteam Records and then re-released in 2003 by Fullsteam Records with the added Dawning End remix.
 Stereo typ (English: Stereotype) is a studio album by Polish singer Kayah released in 2003.
 Over the Sun is the fourth album by Melbourne folk band Tinpan Orange released on Vitamin Records in 2012. Its first songs were written in Melbourne with the rest completed while the band toured in Canada. The album liner notes contained no songwriter credits although Round the Twist was a version of the theme song of the children's television show of the same name.
 The Seeds of Love is the third album by the British band Tears for Fears released in September 1989.
 Too B or Not Too B is the second compilation album by Australian alternative rock band Kisschasy. It was released as their second compilation after their Japan-only release Fire in the Breeze in 2004 and directly after their 2007 Live at the Playroom EP on 10 May 2008. The album contains a total of 16 tracks taken from a mix of B-sides songs from their 2004 EPs Darkside / Stay Awake and Cara Sposa and previously unreleased songs.
 This Is A Recording is a comedy album released in 1972 by actress-comedian Lily Tomlin. The album consists of comic sketches of Tomlin in her most famous character Ernestine the nosy aggressive and sharp-tongued telephone operator. The album's tracks include monologues in which Ernestine tangles over the phone with Joan Crawford Gore Vidal (Mr. Veedle) Martha Mitchell and J. Edgar Hoover.
 Planet Earth is a television soundtrack album of incidental music commissioned by the BBC Natural History Unit for its 2006 nature documentary series of the same name. The music was composed and conducted by award-winning composer George Fenton and performed by the BBC Concert Orchestra.
 Craftsman is an album by American singer-songwriter Guy Clark released in 1995. It is a 30-song double-CD collection that includes all of Clark's late-'70s and '80s recordings for Warner Bros. Guy Clark The South Coast of Texas and Better Days.
 A las cinco en el Astoria (Five o'clock at The Astoria) is the fifth full-length album released by La Oreja de Van Gogh their second album to receive a Grammy nomination and the first with new lead vocalist Leire Martínez. It was released in three editions: CD CD+T-Shirt and Digipack. According to Promusicae A las cinco en el Astoria was the 12th biggest selling album of 2008 in Spain.
 Dos (Two) also known as Myriam Hernández 2 is the title of the second studio album released by Chilean singer Myriam Hernández in 1990. The album became very successful in Latin America and the United States where it peaked at number-one in the Billboard Latin Pop Albums chart. The album includes two number-one singles by Hernández Te Pareces Tanto a Él and Peligroso Amor and her self-penned top ten hit Herida.
 Los Nenes Del Blin Blin was the name for the second studio album from the Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Plan B. It was named after some of the nicknames of Chencho and Maldy. Thus the album was never officially released they dropped a demo album which was free.
 Whom Shall I Fear is the first EP by Romanian metalcore band Diamonds Are Forever (band) released on 15 December 2011 in Romania. The EP was self-produced recorded at Live Set Studios in Cluj-Napoca by Adrian Neagoe of Negura Bunget. The graphics were done by Simina Pop a local graphic artist.
 Höfuðlausnir was an album released in May 1988 by Icelandic rock singer Megas. This album was released through Gramm and featured singers Björk and Rose McDowall as background vocalists. Höfuðlausnir also includes Megas’ long-time collaborator Guðlaugur Kristinn Óttarsson who adding guitars to this work.
 Cornelis sjunger Victor Jara: rätten till ett eget liv (English: Cornelis sings Victor Jara: The right to live in peace) was a music album recorded by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk in 1978.
 Love All The Hurt Away is an Aretha Franklin album the singer's sophomore release for Arista Records. Despite strong reviews it was a sales disappointment topping off at approximately 250000 copies. Aretha's cover version of Sam & Dave's classic hit Hold On! I'm Coming won Franklin her 11th Grammy Award in the Best R&B Vocal Performance Female category. It was her first Grammy win since 1974. The album was reissued on CD in 2012 by Cherry Red Records and included 3 bonus tracks
 Get Out Of London is a live album by the British rock band London. It was recorded at Esquires in Bedford UK in March 2010 and released as a CD in July of the same year.
 Party Party: Thelma Remix is a remix album by Japanese Pop/R&B singer Thelma Aoyama. It was released on December 10 2008. The album debuted outside Oricon album Chart Top 40 #79 with initial sales of 2705 copies.
 Lorca is the fifth album by singer-songwriter Tim Buckley released in 1970. It was named after Spanish poet Federico Garcia Lorca and was recorded simultaneously with Blue Afternoon though notably different in style. It was one of Buckley's two avant-garde albums and explored some sounds and ideas he had never used before.
 Sound of Lies is a 1997 album released by Minneapolis music group Jayhawks. It peaked at #112 on the Billboard 200.With the departure of Mark Olson Gary Louris becomes the principal songwriter for Sound of Lies with an occasional co-write with bassist Marc Perlman. New drummer Tim O'Reagan also contributes Bottomless Cup.
 Raw Material (Uprok) is a Mars Ill album released in 2002 on Uprok Records. It's a re-release of the original Sphere of Hip Hop Records release from 2000 with a few track changes.
 Beneath the Remains is the third studio album by Brazilian thrash metal band Sepultura released in 1989. It was their first release through Roadrunner Records.
 Introducing... Talk Talk is a compilation album by Talk Talk released in 2003 (one of many best of albums of the band released by coincidence the same year). Introducing... Talk Talk is slightly different from some of the other best of albums by the band in that it doesn't feature a casual track list of the band's singles like Talk Talk or It's My Life but instead arguably lesser known tracks like the I Believe in You B-side John Cope and It's Getting Late in the Evening.
 Marvelous is Misia's third studio album and first self-produced album released on April 25 2001. It sold 881150 copies in its first week peaked at #1 for two consecutive weeks and spent five weeks in the Top 5. The first pressing of the album came in sleeve case packaging. Marvelous is the 118th best selling album of all time in Japan. It came in at #8 on the overall yearly chart however Marvelous was the second highest selling original album of 2001 behind Hikaru Utada's Distance.
 Julma Satu is the debut album of the Finnish power metal band Villieläin. It was released on 19 August 2009 on the Universal Music Group label. It reached position 27 on the Finnish top 40 album charts where it stayed for one week.
 Speedwood Two is a live album by acoustic duo Lost and Found. The recording was an attempt to capture the sound and feel of what it's like to see the band in person. It was recorded on September 27 1996 at Fairchild Auditorium in Lansing MI and September 28 1996 at Temple Theater in Saginaw MI. This album is the second volume of the Speedwood Series.
 Freaky Styley is the second studio album by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers released on August 16 1985 on EMI America. The album name holds its origins in a commonly used phrase in the 80s to describe anything as being freaky styley. Freaky Styley marks founding guitarist Hillel Slovak's studio album debut following his return to the band earlier in the year. The album is also the last to feature drummer Cliff Martinez.
 Spirit Touches Ground is the third studio album by singer-songwriter Josh Clayton-Felt which was released through Dreamworks Records in 2002 two years after his death from cancer.
 The Sound of Spring is an album of compositions related to springtime by Ramsey Lewis' Trio featuring tracks recorded in 1962 and released on the Argo label.
 Environments II is the second release of The Future Sound of London's Environments series of which another is planned. It was released on 29 August 2008. A CD version of the album was released on 5 January 2009.
 Le Compte complet is the first album by the Canadian indie rock band Malajube released in 2004.
 The Loner is the first solo album recorded in late 1969 by Bee Gee Maurice Gibb but was never released.
 The Rising of the Moon: Irish Songs of Rebellion is a collection of traditional Irish folk songs performed by The Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem. It was initially recorded in 1956. During the original recording the only instrument used was Paddy's harmonica and there was little harmonization since both Liam and Tommy were still getting to know Paddy and Tom. In 1959 the boys went back and rerecorded the album.
 Moscow Penny Ante is the third studio album by American punk rock band Dead to Me released through Fat Wreck Chords on October 25 2011.
 Legend of the Bone Carver is the second studio album by the Danish/American progressive power metal band Pyramaze released by Nightmare Records on February 20 2006. It is a concept album.
 Nine to the Universe is the posthumous tenth studio album of American guitarist Jimi Hendrix released in March and June 1980 in the United States and the United Kingdom respectively. It was the seventh Hendrix studio album released after his death and the third to be produced by Alan Douglas. The album contains five jam sessions edited by Douglas.
 The Struggle Continues is the third album by the punk band Link 80. It was released on CD and 12 vinyl by Asian Man Records in 2000. It is the first Link 80 album without Nick Traina and Matt Bettinelli-Olpin who were replaced by Ryan Noble and Adam Davis respectively.
 3rdburglar is the third studio album by Canadian rapper Wordburglar.
 Witchcraft Rebellion is an album by Old Time Relijun released in 2001 on K Records.
 Skyline is the seventh studio album by Yann Tiersen. The album was published by Everything's Calm and released through Mute Records on 17 October 2011 in Europe and six months later on 17 April 2012 via ANTI- in North America.The album which features nine tracks was engineered by Gwen Roujanski mixed by Ken Thomas and mastered by Ray Staff. It was released in CD and LP formats.
 Porn Again is a 2001 album by the Smut Peddlers a group composed of Mr. Eon and DJ Mighty Mi from The High & Mighty and Cage. Guest appearances include Kool Keith Kool G Rap R.A. the Rugged Man Copywrite and Apani B. Fly. The album was re-released on March 7 2006 with four bonus tracks that were formerly only available on vinyl. The re-release is entitled Porn Again Revisited.The album cover features Beetlejuice an entertainer most notable for his appearances on The Howard Stern Show.
 Electric Lady is an album by Elkie Brooks.Recorded between 2004 and 2005 at Slave to the Rhythm Studios it was released on CD in 2005 by Swing Cafe. Little to no promotion and a small distribution meant that the album failed to enter the charts though it made an impact on the UK independent album charts.[citation needed]
 The Best of the Bonzo Dog Band is a CD collecting the best cuts from albums of The Bonzo Dog Band. It was released in 1990 on Rhino Records.
 For the physics concept see Action at a distance (physics) and Quantum entanglementSpooky Action at a Distance is the second studio album by Lotus Plaza a.k.a. Lockett Pundt guitarist/vocalist/songwriter for Deerhunter. It was released on April 2 2012 on Chicago-based label Kranky Records.
 Trav'lin' Light is an album by Anita O'Day released in 1961. It was a tribute to her idol Billie Holiday. It was recorded January 18 and 19 1961 in Los Angeles California. It was released on Norman Granz's Verve record label. The arranger is Johnny Mandel and features Ben Webster among the personnel.
 The Golden Age is the debut studio album from French singer-songwriter and director Woodkid. It was released on March 18 2013 through independent label Green United Music. Lemoine released the official album cover through a video he created himself on December 14 2012 and released the album's corresponding tracklisting one week later on December 21 2012 on his official Facebook page.During an interview with NBHAP Lemoine told that childhood is the The Golden Age for him.
 Live At Sasquatch Festival 2010 is a live album by Canadian alternative rock band Jets Overhead. The album was released on May 3 2011 and contains live recordings of the 2010 Sasquatch Festival. The album includes songs that appeared on Jets Overhead’s self-titled EP Bridges and No Nations.
 Broken Boy Soldiers is the debut album by American rock band The Raconteurs released on May 15 2006 in the United Kingdom and May 16 2006 in the United States. The album was generally favored among critics and spawned the #1 hit single Steady As She Goes. The album earned a nomination for Best Rock Album at the 49th Grammy Awards.
 Within the Eye of Chaos is the third full-length studio album by the Australian melodic death metal band Daysend released on Feb 19 2010 by Stomp Entertainment.
 Consolers of the Lonely is the second album by American rock band The Raconteurs. It was released on March 25 2008 on Warner Bros. Records in most parts of the world and a day earlier on XL Recordings in the UK.The band did no promotion before the album's release and its existence was only confirmed a week before. Even so the record was accidentally leaked by iTunes and some fans managed to purchase the album early. It is available on CD vinyl and MP3.
 Ambulance LTD is the self-titled debut EP by American indie rock group Ambulance LTD released in 2003. The EP features the original versions of Primitive (The Way I Treat You) Heavy Lifting Young Urban and Stay Where You Are which would be re-recorded for the band's debut album LP.
 Void is the debut full-length studio album by the American post-metal band Intronaut. It was released on August 23 2006 in the USA through the Goodfellow Records.
 Oneness: Silver Dreams - Golden Reality is a 1979 album by Carlos Santana. It was his second of three solo albums (the others being Illuminations and The Swing of Delight) to be released under his temporary Sanskrit name Devadip Carlos Santana given to him by Sri Chinmoy. The album features members of the band Santana and consists mostly of instrumental songs and ballads.
 The Good Times is a 1986 album by American pop singer Neil Sedaka. It was originally issued on the Curb label in the US and by Precision Records and Tapes Ltd. in the UK.With one exception the album consists almost entirely of material co-written by Neil Sedaka and his daughter Dara and she is featured singing duets with her father in two tracks. The one exception is a new version of Sedaka's 1975 hit The Hungry Years which he co-wrote with Howard Greenfield.
 Getting to the Point is the second studio album by the British rock band Savoy Brown. It marks the debut of a vastly different lineup still led by Kim Simmonds but fronted by new vocalist Chris Youlden.It was released by Decca in 1968 with catalog number SLK 4935 and finds the group taking on more of the songwriting load as opposed to their debut which consisted mostly of covers.
 27 Songs From Barcelona is the third album from the Swedish band I'm from Barcelona. While touring around the world with their two latest releases Let Me Introduce My Friends (2006) and Who Killed Harry Houdini (2008) the members of I'm from Barcelona compiled the songs for 27 Songs from Barcelona.
 Astral Taxi is the second and last album released by the Australian rock band Tin Tin it was released in December 1971. It was produced by Billy Lawrie and Maurice Gibb was the executive producer.
 The Gathering is a 5 disc career-spanning compilation album by British melodic rock band Magnum. It is set to be released in 2010 by Sanctuary Records. It features previously unreleased live recordings rare demos and b-sides as well as a live recording from Hammersmith Odeon in 1988 for the Wings of Heaven tour.
 Hollowman is an EP released by Entombed on Earache Records in 1993. The 1996 reissue featured bonus track God of Thunder which was previously released on Out of Hand single.The track Serpent Speech was covered later by French technical death metal band Scarve on their album Luminiferous.
 Standing Hampton is a Sammy Hagar solo album his first after moving from Capitol Records to Geffen. Five of its singles charted in either the mainstream rock or pop singles charts.The British version of the album was released with an interview 45rpm called Conversations with Sammy Hagar (Geffen XPS 133).
 Weekend in L.A. is a 1978 live album by jazz/soul guitarist George Benson. The album was recorded live at the West Hollywood Roxy Theater. It was certified Platinum by the RIAA.
 Volume II is the second album of Kamchatka a 11 track album containing 1 cover: Enemy Maker originally written by Alan Haggerty. The album was recorded by Tobias Strandvik and Kamchatka mixed by Nicholas Elgstrand and Kamchatka and mastered by Tobias Strandvik and Kamchatka at Shrimpmonkey studios.
 Manhattan Tower was a Patti Page LP album issued by Mercury Records as catalog number MG-20226 in 1956. It is her version of Gordon Jenkins' popular 1948/1956 Manhattan Tower suite.The album was reissued combined with the 1956 Patti Page album You Go to My Head in compact disc format by Sepia Records on September 4 2007.
 Shadows in the Deep is the second album by the Swedish death metal band Unleashed.
 Changing Places (released 18 Mar 2003 on the label ECM - ECM 1834)is an album by Norwegian jazz pianist and composer Tord Gustavsen recorded in 2001 and 2002.
 Happiness is the debut studio album by English synthpop duo Hurts released on 27 August 2010 by RCA Records. It was preceded by the release of the singles Better Than Love on 23 May 2010 and Wonderful Life on 22 August 2010. Collaborators include Jonas Quant and production team The Nexus as well as a duet with Australian singer Kylie Minogue on the song Devotion.
 The Trouble with Being Myself is the third studio album by American recording artist Macy Gray released in the United States on July 15 2003 by Epic Records. Despite not being a major commercial success for Gray it received mostly positive reviews. The album features the singles When I See You and She Ain't Right for You.
 Singl ploče (1976–1980) (trans. 7 Singles (1976–1980)) is a compilation album by Yugoslav rock band Bijelo Dugme released in 1982.
 Graveyard Classics III is the third cover album by Six Feet Under. It was released on January 19 2010 on Metal Blade Records. The album was recorded at D.O.I. Digital Audio in Tampa Florida. Mark Lewis mixed Graveyard Classics III at Audiohammer Studios and the album was produced by band member Chris Barnes.This was the last album to feature original members Greg Gall and Terry Butler before their departure in early 2011.
 November is an album by guitarist John Abercrombie with saxophonist John Surman bassist Marc Johnson and drummer Peter Erskine recorded in 1992 and released on the ECM label
 Gravity of Light is the eighth studio album by the Finnish heavy metal band Tarot. It was released in Finland on March 10 2010 and in Europe on April 23 2010 and in the US on June 8 2010.
 TROOP is the self-titled first album by new jack swing group Troop.
 Lucky Day is the sixth studio album released by Jamaican rapper Shaggy. The album was released on October 29 2002. The album peaked at #24 on the Billboard 200 and later reached Gold certification. Three singles were released from the album: Hey Sexy Lady Strength Of A Woman and Get My Party On. The album featured guest appearances from Shaggy's longtime collaborators Brian and Tony Gold as well as a guest appearance from Chaka Khan.
 The 4th album of Blutengel.
 Strip is the second solo album by Adam Ant released in 1983. It marked a decline in Ant's success as it only reached #65 in the US and #20 in the UK.The lead single from the album was Puss 'n Boots which continued the pantomime themes and fashions of Ant's earlier work. The single reached #5 on the UK chart in 1983 becoming Ant's final UK top ten hit although other top 20 hits would follow.
 Ratnici – Warriors  also known as Love Machine is a debut EP released by former Yugoslav/Canadian heavy metal band Warriors.Love Machine and Kad me ljubiš feature same music Love Machine featuring lyrics written in English and Kad me ljubiš featuring lyrics written in Serbian.
 Bandido is the fourth studio album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno released on CBS-Epic in 1990. The album became the Salazár sisters' international breakthrough.The title track Bandido was chosen to represent Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990 held in Zagreb Yugoslavia.
 Live at the Corner Hotel (2008) is a live album by Canadian singer/songwriter Jeff Martin. The album is a complete recording of a live performance with Irish drummer Wayne Sheehy. The show features the song A Line In The Sand from the debut self-titled album by Martin's new band The Armada.
 CJ Fish is the fifth album by the San Francisco psychedelic rock group Country Joe and the Fish released in 1970. Country Joe and the Fish underwent a personnel change for this album adding Greg Dewey Doug Metzner and Mark Kapner in place of David Cohen and Gary Chicken Hirsh. Primary composers Barry The Fish Melton and Country Joe McDonald remained resulting in an album that retained the sound and style of the original lineup.
 Fumble is the fifth and final studio album by American hardcore band Scream recorded December 1989 at Inner Ear Studios in Arlington Virginia and released in July 1993 through Dischord. It is notable for showcasing the band's expansion in style towards a more post-hardcore sound with a Bad Brains influence and also for having some of the first compositions of Dave Grohl.
 Starpeace is Yoko Ono's 1985 concept album designed to spread a message of peace around the world as an opposition to Ronald Reagan's Star Wars missile defense system. As with most Ono albums it did not chart extensively but the single release of Hell in Paradise reached #16 on the US dance charts.
 Bullets Blunts in ah Big Bankroll is the 12th album released by American rapper Andre Nickatina. It was released on May 18 2004 for Nickatina's own Nicky I.N.C. label and was produced by Andre Nickatina Nick Peace Krushadelic Equipto DJ Pause DJ Luvva J First Degree The D.E. and Q-York.
 Greatest Hits & Remixes is a compilation album of Paul Oakenfold's old and new exclusive tracks commemorating his 100th remix in 2007.
 Beautiful Loser is the eighth album by American rock singer/songwriter Bob Seger released in 1975 (see 1975 in music). This album marked Seger's return to Capitol Records after a four-year split. His previous record with Capitol was Brand New Morning in 1971.The album relied mostly on session musicians from the Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section but the Silver Bullet Band members were used separately on some songs and together on Nutbush City Limits a cover song of the hit by Ike & Tina Turner.
 Kingdom of Fear is the first album by Glaswegian dance-punk/new rave band Shitdisco released on the 16 April 2007 on Fierce Panda Records.It contains newly recorded versions of tracks from their double A-side Disco Blood/I Know Kung Fu their second single Reactor Party and 7 new tracks including new single OK (released 23 April). The title is taken from the last book by American author Hunter S. Thompson.
 Barabajagal is the seventh studio album and eighth album overall from British singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in the United States on 11 August 1969 (Epic Records BN 26481 (stereo)) but was not released in the United Kingdom because of a continuing contractual dispute that also prevented Sunshine Superman Mellow Yellow and The Hurdy Gurdy Man from being released in the UK.
 Ridin High is the seventh studio album by rap duo 8Ball & MJG and their second release for Bad Boy Records. The album was released on March 13 2007. It was originally scheduled for July under the title Pure American Pimpin' but then has been confirmed to be titled Ridin High.The album features artist like Three 6 Mafia Juvenile Yung Joc P Diddy The Notorious B.I.G. Jazze Pha 112 Big Pun & Project Pat.
 Instant 0 in the Universe is a 2003 EP by Stereolab. It was released as three 7 singles in a slipcase as well as on CD. This was the first release by the group after the death of longtime member Mary Hansen in December 2002. It was also the first release recorded at Stereolab's Instant Zero studio north of Bordeaux in France.
 Gravity is the tenth and final studio album by the Irish pop band Westlife. It was released on 22 November 2010 in the United Kingdom. John Shanks produced each song barring the bonus track on the Japanese edition. The album was preceded by the lead single Safe which was released at 14 November 2010. This is also the group's final album under Syco Music; Syco decided that there will be no second single from the album which was one reason the group left Syco in March 2011.
 For Long Tomorrow is the second full length album released by Japanese math rock band toe.
 Wonderama is an album by Randy Stonehill released in 1991 on Myrrh Records.
 Willkommen im Jenseits is the first full-length album of the German band Mondsucht.
 Wrong Way Up is a 1990 album by Brian Eno and John Cale.The album sits between the electronic and prog-rock/art rock genres and features some of both Eno's and Cale's most mainstream work. The single Been There Done That remains the only Eno single to ever reach an American chart. The cover picture is by Eno.
 Yasmine Hamdan (re-released internationally as Ya Nass) is the first album that Lebanese singer Yasmine Hamdan released solo. It was produced by Marc Collin known for his work with Nouvelle Vague. The album was first released on Collin's label Kwaidan Records and a wider released followed a few months later on Crammed Discs with a new title Ya Nass and a modified track-listing.The album was received very positively by critics and is supported by the Ya Nass Tour.
 Nether Lands is the fourth album by American singer/songwriter Dan Fogelberg released in 1977 (see 1977 in music). The album title is a play on Nederland Colorado the location of one of the studios used to record the album. Nederland is the Dutch name for the country known in English as the Netherlands.
 Finbar and Eddie Furey is the 1968 debut album of the Irish folk music duo The Fureys. It includes such classics as Curragh of Kildare Come by the Hills Eamonn an Chnuic and Shay Healy's topical song This Town is Not Our Own among others.
 People in Planes EP is a promotional EP by the Welsh indie rock band People in Planes.It was released to promote the album As Far As The Eye Can See and contains four songs from it.
 This article is about the album. For information about shades of the color purple see Shades of purple.Shades of Purple is the debut album from Norwegian pop duo M2M. The album was particularly highly successful in South East Asia and sold over five million copies worldwide.Six singles were released from the album: Don't Say You Love Me Mirror Mirror The Day You Went Away Pretty Boy Girl in Your Dreams and Everything You Do.
 Just a Little More Love is the debut studio album by David Guetta released on 10 June 2002 (2002-06-10) by Gum Prod (EMI France) and Virgin France (EMI). The album uses two main vocalists Chris Willis and Barbara Tucker. The title track Just a Little More Love was recorded in only thirty minutes.[citation needed] It was later remixed by Wally López and subsequently featured on MoS: Clubbers Guide 2004 and in the soundtrack to The Football Factory.
 The Road Ahead is a compilation album released by Orange Music (see 2004 in music) containing select songs taken from Bradley Joseph's previously released One Deep Breath Solo Journey The Journey Continues and Hear the Masses. It is distributed throughout Singapore Hong Kong Malaysia Taiwan Thailand and Indonesia.
 Eli and the Thirteenth Confession is a 1968 album by New York-born singer songwriter and pianist Laura Nyro.
 Somewhere in America is the second studio album released by the album oriented rock band Cornerstone from Austria. It includes the singles Rise and Shine and Like a Stranger and received substantial airplay all over the world. Right Or Wrong was chosen as Ballad of the Year 2011 by British magazine Rockrealms.
 We Broke the Rules is the second studio album by the Dominican-American Aventura released on June 1 2002 by Premium Latin music. In We Broke the Rules Aventura pioneered the incorporation of elements of urban music like Pop Hip-hop and R&B giving Bachata a new flavor and extending its appeal to those who preferred urban music styles.
 Mad Dogs and Englishmen is a live album by Joe Cocker. It was released in 1970 and featured a fusion of rock and soul. The album title is drawn from the 1931 Noël Coward song of the same name. Mostly Cocker's album is made up of covers drawing equally from rock (The Rolling Stones Traffic Bob Dylan The Beatles) and soul (Ray Charles Sam and Dave Otis Redding). Accompanying Cocker is an enormous choir a two-piece horn section and several drummers.
 Auntie Aubrey's Excursions Beyond the Call of Duty is a remix compilation by The Orb originally released on a limited edition four record set in 1996. It was re-released five years later on CD along with its sequel Auntie Aubrey's Excursions Beyond the Call of Duty Part 2. The original vinyl did not have Lily Was Here or Marathon's Movin and instead had Depeche Mode's Happiest Girl Erasure's Ship of Fools Primal Scream's Higher Than The Sun and Lovekittens' What Goes On.
 The Time Machine is the original motion picture soundtrack of the film The Time Machine both released in 2002. It was composed by Klaus Badelt. A promotional edition contains more cues and alternate versions of some cues.
 The Holocaust is a collaborative album from American instrumental hip hop duo Blue Sky Black Death and rapper Warcloud. It was released on Babygrande Records in 2006.Blue Sky Black Death consisting of Kingston and Young God produce the entire project while Holocaust (a Wu-Tang Clan affiliate also known as Warcloud) provides all vocals.
 The Heartlight Set is an album by the band Joy Zipper released in 2005.
 Lento (transl. Flight) is the second album by Finnish acoustic rock band Harmaja. It was released on 21 April 2010 in Finland through Wiima.
 BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge 2012 is a compilation album consisting of live tracks played on Fearne Cotton's BBC Radio 1 show both cover versions and original songs. The album was released on 29 October 2012 and is the eighth in the series of Live Lounge albums.
 Rotten Apples: The Smashing Pumpkins' Greatest Hits is a greatest hits compilation album by alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins. In the US it was released in 2001 along with a bonus disc titled Judas O. The album's concluding track Untitled was the Pumpkins' final recording before their breakup. Completed in the days leading up to the band's farewell concert at the Metro in Chicago it was also released as a single.
 Elvis at Sun is a compact disc compilation of Elvis Presley's studio recordings at Sun Studio from 1954 to 1955 released in June 2004 BMG Heritage 61205. This set features master recordings made by Presley and his accompanists Scotty Moore and Bill Black occasionally augmented by other musicians prior to his arrival on RCA Records in 1956.
 Everlife is the third studio album by Everlifeand the first album on Buena Vista Records released on February 20 2007.
 Live Dates is the first live album by the British rock band Wishbone Ash.Following the release of the album founding member Ted Turner left the band resulting in a shift of the band's musical approach.
 Best! Morning Musume 1 (ベスト！モーニング娘。１) is the first best of compilation from the J-pop idol group Morning Musume and was released January 31 2001. It is currently the largest selling album of their career and sold a total of 2259510 copies.
 Yureru Omoi (揺れる想い Shifting Feelings) is the fourth album of Zard and was released on July 10 1993.
 Royal Southern Brotherhood is the debut album by Royal Southern Brotherhood released May 8 2012.
 Affectionate is an EP by breakcore artist Venetian Snares.
 Ballistic Statues is the second album by EBM group A Split-Second. It contained popular songs Flesh and On Command.
 Magnified is the second album by the American alternative rock band Failure. Magnified differs greatly from Failure's debut album Comfort by using a great deal of bass guitar distortion. Their use of a bassline as the main structure to the song as well as distortion can be heard best on Frogs and Wonderful Life. Harmonics are also used extensively and can be heard quite prominently on the songs Moth Wonderful Life and Empty Friend.
 Break of Dawn is the debut album by Do As Infinity released in 2000. This is the only album cover where Dai Nagao is included in along with the other two members. The song Raven was used as the ending theme for the Japanese horror film Uzumaki.
 Words That Go Unspoken Deeds That Go Undone is the fourth studio album by English blackened death metal band Akercocke. It was released on 10 October 2005 through Earache Records. This album is the first Akercocke release not to feature the original line-up of the band with Matt Wilcock (ex-The Berzerker) instead of Paul Scanlan on guitar; though the majority of the material was co-written with Paul Scanlan before he was fired.
 Poems For Trio (released 1988 in Oslo Norway on the Hot Club Records label - HCRCD 49) is an album by the Norwegian saxophonist Karl Seglem in trio with Kåre Thomsen and Ole Amund Gjersvik.
 Silver Solstice is a live album by Paul Winter Consort and Friends released in 2005 through the record label Living Music. In 2006 the album earned the group a Grammy Award for Best New Age Album.
 Leave a Whisper is the first album by Shinedown a hard rock band from Jacksonville Florida USA. The album was released on May 27 2003 faring well due to the success of the singles Fly from the Inside and 45. Recording took place at Henson Recording Studios and The Blue Room both in Los Angeles California.
 Downhill City is an album by 22-Pistepirkko. It was released in 1999 and contains the original soundtrack for the motion picture Downhill City by the Finnish director Hannu Salonen.
 Her Escape is a post-hardcore EP by Four Letter Lie. It was independently released on May 29 2005 and sold over 1500 copies.
 Happy End is the third and final album by Japanese folk rock band Happy End.The album was recorded at Sunset Sound Studios in Los Angeles in late 1972. Van Dyke Parks known for his collaborations with Brian Wilson and The Beach Boys was brought in to produce the album. Parks also played piano and organ on the album.
 In Formation is the first studio album by the Kronos Quartet. It contains compositions by Ken Benshof Hunt Beyer Alan Dorsey John Geist David Kechley and others. The album was re-issued on CD on 17 December 1993 (Reference #RR-9CD).
 Mutilation was a demo released by Chuck Schuldiner and Death in 1986. The following year they would release their first album Scream Bloody Gore on Combat Records.
 Telelove is the debut album by Suze DeMarchi former lead singer of Australian band the Baby Animals released in March 1999. The album's original title was to be Messages Delayed but was changed prior to release.
 The New School is an album by The Tough Alliance released on the influential Swedish label Service.
 I Feel Fine is an EP by the alternative rock band Black Lab. Four of the six tracks on this album would later be released on their second LP See the Sun and a fifth Perfect Girl was re-recorded for the See the Sun album. The last track Gone was re-released on 2007's Passion Leaves a Trace. Learn to Crawl appeared on the Music from and Inspired by Spider-Man soundtrack.
 Punk Goes 90's is a compilation of the Punk Goes... series created by Fearless Records that features artists covering popular songs from the 1990s. The cover art references Nirvana's iconic Nevermind cover on which In Bloom originally appeared.
 Curse of the Sun EP is the first EP released by the band The Ottoman Empire (later known as Luna Mortis). It was self released in 2004.
 Say What You Mean is the third studio album released by Maktub.
 The Chop Chop: From Milk to Meat is the third solo album from Christian rapper The Ambassador.
 Parece Fantasía (Spanish: It Seems Fantasy) is the seventh Studio album by Puerto Rican singer Yolandita Monge. It was released in 1974.
 P-Bone Steak is the third album released by Peelander-Z. The opening track S.T.E.A.K. had a music video that was played during the Almost Live episode of MXC in 2004.
 In This Light and on This Evening is the third studio album from British band Editors. It was released on 12 October 2009. The band had said the material would have a more raw and anthemic sound compared to their previous work.The album features a bonus extended play of five songs called Cuttings II.The first single from the album was Papillon. The second single was You Don't Know Love released on 25 January of the following year.
 Hope is the third studio album by Welsh post-hardcore band The Blackout. The album was first announced in mid-2010 that the band had begun work on the album. The album was recorded at the end of 2010 and was funded by donations by fans on the website PledgeMusic. Due to drummer Gareth Snoz Lawrence injuring himself prior to the recording of the album he does not drum on the album his place was taken by drummers Phillip Jenkins of Kids in Glass Houses and Tom Winch of Hexes.
 Lost Treasures: Isle of Ra is the first album in the Lost Treasures series by well-known trance DJ/producer Tiësto and was released in 1996. The album's name derives from the Egyptian sun god Ra.
 Evolucion de Amor (Love Evolution) is a studio album released by the romantic ensemble Los Temerarios. All songs were composed by Adolfo Angel Alva otherwise is indicated. The tracks were arranged like in the songs of Si Tú Te Vas album.
 Dance or Die is the first release for both the German electronic music band Dance or Die as well as for the label Machinery.
 Alphabet Prison is the fourth studio album by French nu metal band Pleymo. Released on October 9 2006 the album combined elements from the aggressive aspects of the band's first two albums and the more melodic songwriting found on their previous album Rock.
 Lord of Earth and Heavens Heir is the debut album by the German power metal band Human Fortress released in 2001.
 I've Heard That Song Before is an album by Patti Page released by Mercury Records under catalog numbers MG 20388 (in monophonic) and SR 60011 (in stereophonic form).
 Dorkfish is a 1998 comedy album by comedian Bill Engvall. It was released in 1998 via Warner Bros. Records. The album includes a novelty Christmas song titled Here's Your Sign Christmas which charted at #39 on Hot Country Songs in 1998 and #46 in 1999. I'm a Cowboy another musical track peaked at #60 on the same chart.
 Don't Stop is Taiwanese artist Jolin Tsai's (Chinese: 蔡依林) second studio album. It was released on 26 April 2000 by Universal Music Taiwan (環球唱片 (台灣)). Two more editions of the albums were released: Don't Stop (Victory Limited Edition) with photobook and Don't Stop (Deluxe Edition) with a bonus VCD containing 2 live recordings and 3 MV's. The title track Don't Stop is a cover version of Bring It All Back the debut single of British pop group S Club 7.
 Top Hits is the first Hits album by Mexican iconic pop singer Paulina Rubio It was released in 2000.Last 2 Songs are Bonus Track Available only on the Mexican Version CD.
 Zootime is the second studio album by the British band Mystery Jets. It consists of tracks from their UK only debut Making Dens and from the Flotsam and Jetsam EP.
 Age of Love is the fourth studio album by German techno band Scooter released in 1997. Age of Love was released containing two singles The Age Of Love and Fire. It is the last studio album featuring Ferris Buller who left the band in 1998 to pursue a solo career.Fire appears on the Mortal Kombat: Annihilation Soundtrack.Fire received Gold in Germany for selling 250000 copies.
 7 Samurai Sessions -We're Kavki Boiz- is an album by Miyavi released on July 18 2007. It contains re-arrangements of previously published songs.
 T-Pistonz+KMC Story-yo! ~Hajimete no Best~ (T-Pistonz+KMC ストーリーヨ! 〜はじめてのべすと〜) is the 1st greatest hits collection by the Japanese pop group T-Pistonz+KMC. It was released on February 22 2012.
 Classic Albums: Metallica – Metallica is a documentary about the making of the eponymous album by the American heavy metal band Metallica. It is part of Series 3 of the Classic Albums series.
 Last Rights is the seventh studio by Canadian industrial band Skinny Puppy released in 1992. The album included a ballad (Killing Game) a first for the group as well as the dance-floor friendly track Inquisition and dense sound sculptures like Download and Riverz End (a joint remix of two tracks from the Rabies album Rivers and Choralone).
 An Australian supergroup consisting of Simon Hussey (Cats Under Pressure and Australian Crawl) Jef Scott (Geisha) James Reyne (Australian Crawl) and Daryl Braithwaite (Sherbet) recorded an album together in 1992 which was released later that year. It included the singles Motor City (I Get Lost) (No. 26 September 1992) Sweet Love (No. 21 January 1993) & Daddy's Gonna Make You a Star (No. 35 March 1993).
 Bae Seul Ki The First Volume is the self-titled debut album by Korean pop singer Bae Seul Ki released under the then-independent Vitamin Entertainment (now a WMG label). The fifth and last tracks of the album are performed using spoken word.
 Full Circle: Carnegie Hall 2000 is a live album by Indian musician and composer Ravi Shankar released in 2001 through the record label Angel Records. Recorded at Carnegie Hall in October 2000 as part of a tour with Shankar's daughter Anoushka the album contains five tracks and presents two ragas. The concert occurred sixty-two years after Shankar's first performance at Carnegie Hall and commemorated his eightieth birthday; the album became his first live recording in nearly twenty years.
 The Best of DJ Quik: Da Finale is a greatest hits album by rapper and producer DJ Quik. The album charted at number 43 of Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 When Worlds Collide: A Tribute to Daniel Amos is an indie tribute album by a variety of artists that pays musical tribute to the band Daniel Amos and its chief songwriter Terry Scott Taylor. It was released in July 2000 by Ferris Wheel.This project was entirely a labor of love from the artists that participated. Most of them completely donated their time and work to the project.
 No Show Without Punch is a mini-album released in the United Kingdom by Australian rock band Weddings Parties Anything. It was released in 1989 on Billy Bragg's Utility label on both vinyl and CD. The mini-album comprises material from the band's 1987 debut album Scorn of the Women and the 1988 EP Goat Dancing on the Tables. This was the band's only release on this label.
 Crash Rickshaw is the debut album by Christian rock band Crash Rickshaw.
 The Curse Of Caramel Jack is the debut album by Caramel Jack. Released in 1998 it was produced by Richard Walmsley of Beatmasters and Goldbug fame. The track Modern Girls On Trains features on the compilation Abuse Your Friends Vol.2 - Various Artists..
 Resital (Greek: Ρεσιτάλ; English: Recital) is the name of a triple live album by popular Greek singers Marinella and Kostas Hatzis. It is their first joint live album was recorded at the boite “Scorpios” on March 28 1976.
 Red is Nanase Aikawa's first album. It includes her first four singles. The album reached #1 on Oricon charts and sold over two million copies.
 Madrigals (released in the US as Love Songs for Madrigals and Madriguys) is the debut recording of the London-based a cappella group Swingle II who were the immediate successors to the Paris-based Swingle Singers although the eight vocalists were all new. Ward Swingle arranged and adapted the music for the new group.
 The Next Dimension is the first live album and live video by Praga Khan. It was recorded March 4 & 5 2005 at the Stadsshouwberg in Antwerpen and released in 2005. The CD version did not include the track Kinky World.
 Only the Strong is the fifth album by Canadian/American heavy metal band Thor. The singles Let the Blood Run Red Knock 'Em Down and Thunder on the Tundra strengthened the album's performance as it eventually reached platinum status in Canada and the United Kingdom.
 Večeras vas zabavljaju muzičari koji piju (trans. Tonight You Will Be Entertained by Musicians Who Drink) is the fifth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba.The album was polled in 1998 as the 80th on the list of 100 greatest Yugoslav rock and pop albums in the book YU 100: najbolji albumi jugoslovenske rok i pop muzike (YU 100: The Best albums of Yugoslav pop and rock music).
 Once More with Feeling: Singles 1996–2004 is a greatest hits album by alternative rock band Placebo. It was released by Hut Records on 30 November 2004 to celebrate the band's tenth anniversary. It features their singles from 1996 to 2004 (the only omission being the band's debut single Come Home) as well as three new songs: I Do Twenty Years and Protège-Moi. The album is also available in DVD format featuring all of the band's music videos.
 The Sicks is the first music release by American Independent and dark cabaret singer Majandra Delfino who releases records under the name 'Majandra'.Majandra Delfino released The Sicks a six-track EP on her own record label Dripfeed on October 31 2001. The album was inspired by Icelandic singer Björk and band Portishead. Majandra wrote all of the songs on the EP.The Sicks is now available for sale from iTunes CD Baby and Majandra's official website.
 STUFF is Eleanor McEvoy's eleventh studio album. The tracks on the album were compiled to meet the requests from fans for songs they couldn't find elsewhere. McEvoy chose the songs from her collection of single mixes audiophile tracks and songs written and performed on other artists records. McEvoy then went into the studio to record tracks that weren't found in her collection. After all songs were recorded the entire album was re-mastered.
 Before You Were Punk 2 is a compilation album released in 1999 by Vagrant Records.
 Melissa O'Neil is the self-titled debut album by Canadian Idol winner Melissa O'Neil. It was released in Canada on November 22 2005 through Sony BMG Music Canada. The album was produced by Rob Wells Adam Alexander & Chris Perry Jeff Dalziel and Executive Produced by Jennifer Hyland.
 Live at Elland Road is a live album by English indie rock band Kaiser Chiefs. It was released in January 2009.The band also released a DVD of their live performance at Elland Road from 24 May 2008 where they played to a sold out capacity crowd of 40000 people. The DVD contains the full set from the home of Leeds United as well as highlights from the Kaiser Chiefs performance for the 2007 BBC Electric Proms.
 Greensleeves Rhythm Album #5: Punanny is an album in Greensleeves Records' rhythm album series. It was released in November of 2000 on CD and LP. The album features the famous King Jammy's Punanny riddim from the 1986 Admiral Bailey hit Punanny. The first tracks on the album feature currents artists over a re-lick version of the riddim by Ward 21 while the last 10 tracks feature artists over the original riddim.
 Welt is the first album by the band ohGr formed by Nivek Ogre of Skinny Puppy and musician/engineer Mark Walk. The song Water has been featured in the motion pictures Life as a House and for the end titles in Kill Theory.
 Hinges is the ninth and final volume in the Fuzzy Warbles series released in September 2006. The album is only available as a Bonus CD in the 9-CD box set The Official Andy Partridge Fuzzy Warbles Collector's Album.
 The Standard Sonny Rollins is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins his last recorded for the RCA Victor label featuring performances by Rollins with Herbie Hancock Jim Hall David Izenzon Teddy Smith Stu Martin Bob Cranshaw and Mickey Roker.
 Forever is Forgotten is the fifth and latest album by Oneiroid Psychosis and also their last as a duo.
 Live! is a live album by American composer bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley recorded at the Great American Music Hall in 1981 and released on the Watt/ECM label in 1982.
 It's Only Natural is the third full-length studio album by American pop rock band The Higher released on June 23 2009.
 It All Comes Down To This is the name of the first mixtape by Wu-Tang Clan affiliated Remedy released on December 7 of 2010 in APRC Records. Originally released as a full-length studio album it was later released as a free mixtape download. Guests include RA the Ruggedman Trife Diesel Killah Priest and Hell Razah among other Wu-Tang Clan affiliates.
 Love Always is the debut album of American R&B duo K-Ci & JoJo released on June 17 1997 by MCA Records. It was recorded at various studios in New York and the Los Angeles area in 1996 and 1997. It was produced by JoJo and several others including DeVante Swing James Mtume and Jeff Redd. The duo were originally a part of Jodeci before this album.The album peaked at sixth on the US Billboard 200 and also appeared on international charts.
 The Other Side of Japan is a compilation album by the British band Japan released in 1991 by Receiver Records. Another compilation of Hansa-Ariola era tracks with the earliest appearance on CD in the UK of A Foreign Place. Catalogue number RRCD-150 (CD) RRLP-150(LP).
 Man in the Moon is the eighth studio album by Nektar and was originally released in 1980 as a German only release. This album continues the commercial hard rock with elements of progressive rock explored on their previous effort Magic is a Child. This album features the return of founding member Roye Albrighton. The album was expanded to include previously unreleased tracks and re-issued by Voiceprint in Europe.
 Manhattan Project is an album by Jamaican-born jazz trumpeter Dizzy Reece featuring performances recorded in 1978 and released on the Bee Hive label.
 Direct Hits is the first U.K. compilation album released by The Who. It collects singles B-sides and album tracks originally recorded for Reaction Records and Track Records between 1966 and 1968. Original U.K. issues of this album were released in both stereo and mono versions. The album was not a strong seller and was deleted in the early 1970s. This was the fourth U.K. LP released by The Who.Earlier Who recordings from 1965 such as My Generation were released in the U.K.
 Shades of my Mind (Chinese: 黑的意念) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Stanley Huang's (Chinese: 黃立行) 4th Mandarin studio album. It was released on 29 October 2004 by EMI Music Taiwan.
 The Natural Thing is a 1968 album by organist Brother Jack McDuff which was his first release on the Cadet label.
 Hi was the second British single and the first US single taken from Psapp's The Only Thing I Ever Wanted. The EP features the album version of Hi as well as one previously available and three new tracks. Side Dish was originally found on Northdown and Early Cats and Tracks.
 Sheik Yerbouti is a live double album with studio elements by Frank Zappa made up of material recorded in 1977 and 1978. It was first released on March 3 1979 as the first release on Zappa Records. (song sample 600Kb)
 Urfe is the third studio album by British industrial black metal band The Axis of Perdition. It was released on January 16 2009 on Code666 Records. It is a concept album about a man named Urfe who travels through the ruins of a desolate city all the while being led by a mysterious figure who goes by the name of Pylon.
 Rhythmic Songs from a Mysterious Red House is the third album by Max on the Rox released in 2004 and recorded mixed and mastered by head engineer Pasi Keho-Valkama and Peter Lido Salonen at Villa Gerby in Vaasa Finland.
 Live at the Village Vanguard Vol. II is a live album by Paul Motian's Trio 2000 + Two recorded at the Village Vanguard and released on the German Winter & Winter label in 2008.
 J and Friends Sing And Chant For Amma is an album-length compact disc by American guitarist/singer/songwriter and Dinosaur Jr bandleader J Mascis. The CD consists of several devotional songs composed and/or adapted by Mascis and dedicated to Hindu religious leader Mata Amritanandamayi or Ammachi of whom Mascis is a devoted follower.
 Shaky Dream is the second studio album by Canadian band Dinosaur Bones. It was released in August 2013 under Dine Alone Records.
 The Chosen Few is a 1979 album by British pop group The Dooleys.The album contains the singles Chosen Few and Wanted - both of which were top 10 hits. Wanted had already appeared on the group's previous album The Best of The Dooleys but appeared here in a slightly extended version. Current single Chosen Few reached No.7 in the UK Charts after previous single had reached No.3 and album No.6 making this the peak of the group's career.
 The Long Hello is a studio instrumental album by David Jackson Hugh Banton Guy Evans and Nic Potter recorded in August 1973 and released in Italy in 1974 (and Britain and Europe in 1976).
 Romantic Tragedy's Crescendo is the debut album of the Italian gothic metal band Macbeth.
 Fraktal is the second album by German experimental metal band Counter-World Experience.
 Sounds of Christmas is the 21st album released by the vocalist Johnny Mathis. It was his 17th original studio album with four compilations of hit singles having been released by the singer to this point. It was his second Christmas album originally released on Mercury Records in 1963.
 You're Nothing is the second studio album by the Danish punk band Iceage. The album was released through Matador Records on February 19 2013. Like its predecessor New Brigade the album was met with critical acclaim.[citation needed]
 Walking with Shadows is a 1986 mini album by The Klinik released in Spain in a limited edition of 500 copies to coincide with a Spanish tour. This was the last release with Eric van Wonterghem who left to form Insekt.
 Basement Jams is the third studio album by Tom Green. It was released in 2008 in download only format on his website tomgreen.com.
 Let the Light Shine Down is a compilation album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen released in 1991. It contains songs from recordings from 1962 to 1976.
 The Phantom Lodge is the second album by Diabolical Masquerade. Dan Swanö played a much smaller part on this album than previously doing heavy metal vocals on Hater only and assisting Blakkheim in producing. However there were a few guest appearances.
 Khayfa Minnak (Arabic: خايفة منك‎) is the first album by the Lebanese singer Aline Khalaf. The album whose title means I'm Afraid of You was released by Rotana in 1996.
 Remindstate is the a remixed version of Mindstate the debut album by Dutch Hip-Hop duo Pete Philly and Perquisite. The album was released on January 13 2006 on Epitaph Records.
 Motor City Scene also released as Stardust is an album by saxophonist Pepper Adams and trumpeter Donald Byrd  recorded in 1960 and released on the Bethlehem label as BCP 6056 featuring Byrd and Adams with Kenny Burrell Tommy Flanagan Paul Chambers and Louis Hayes.
 Where There Is Life is an album by Luciano.The album was listed in the 1999 book The Rough Guide: Reggae: 100 Essential CDs.
 Home Is is a solo album released by Bon Iver frontman Justin Vernon under the name J.D. Vernon. He was twenty when he released the album and had written the songs from 1999 to 2001. This album was released seven years prior to Justin Vernon's creation of Bon Iver. Home Is was recorded while Vernon lived in Eau Claire Wisconsin before he had recorded with DeYarmond Edison. This is one of his very first releases and very few copies of it were released.
 Burnin' Beat is a 1962 studio album by drummers Buddy Rich and Gene Krupa the sequel to their 1955 album Krupa and Rich.
 Readings by Jack Kerouac on the Beat Generation is the third and final spoken word album by the American novelist and poet Jack Kerouac released in January 1960 on Verve Records. The album was recorded during 1959 prior to the publication of Kerouac's sixth novel Doctor Sax.
 Shimmy a Go Go is an EP by Australian pop punk band Short Stack released on 27 September 2008.The EP produced one single (Shimmy a Go Go) which charted on the ARIA Singles Chart at #31 on downloads alone. The EP also featured another single Drop Dead Gorgeous which was played on television music channels around Australia however it did not chart as it was only used as a promotion.
 Sonik Kicks is the eleventh studio album from English singer-songwriter and former member of The Jam Paul Weller and was released on 19 March 2012. The album reached number one on the UK Albums Chart beating David Guetta's Nothing But the Beat to the top spot by just 250 copies.
 Unlikely Emergency is the breakout album by Serena Ryder released April 5 2005.In 2009 the song Sing Sing was selected for Music Monday a special event to highlight music education in Canada which saw nearly two million Canadian schoolchildren singing the song in class on May 5.
 All The People: Blur Live at Hyde Park is a pair of live albums by British band Blur recorded during their Hyde Park reunion shows on 2 and 3 July 2009. The albums were initially exclusively available on the Sandbag website at £15 for the double CD or £10 for the mp3 download. The title All the People is a reference to the lyrics in their song Parklife.
 Photographs is the ninth album by Casiopea recorded and released in 1983.
 El Alma Joven Vol.III (English: The Young Soul Volume III) is an album by Mexican Singer–songwriter Juan Gabriel It was released in 1973. The album was recorded in Paris.
 A Guide for the Daylight Hours is the debut album by Scottish group Ballboy released in 2002. The album artwork was provided by David Shrigley.
 Soul Deep is the 26th studio album from reggae and dancehall artist Sizzla. The album was released on July 12 2005. The album includes the single Be Strong. The album has only one appearance from Reggae singing group Morgan Heritage. The album also has production from M. Collins and Donovan Vendetta Bennett.
 Parallel is a compilation by IDM artists Ken Downie Ed Handley and Andy Turner aka The Black Dog which was released in 1995 on double vinyl and CD. The album compiles three EPs released on the GPR label in 1991 and 1992.
 Rock 'N' Country is an album by Freddy Fender. It was released in 1976.
 Still at Large is the third and final album released by Crime Boss. Following the release of his successful second album Conflicts & Confusion Crime Boss left Suave House Records and formed his own independent label called Crime Lab Records and released Still at Large through it. Though his previous two albums were produced by Suave House's T-Mix Crime Boss himself handled a majority of the album's production.
 Ojah Awake is an album by British Afro-pop band Osibisa released in 1976 by Island Records ILPS 9411. Issued in 1995 CD format by AIM Records (AIM 1056 CD).
 Hail Horror is Himsa's third full length album. It was released February 7 2006 through Prosthetic Records. It was delayed by one year.
 Ortodossia is an EP by the Italian punk rock band CCCP Fedeli alla linea released in 1984.
 To Let is the debut album from Australian roots musician Xavier Rudd. It was released in 2002.
 Lenna is Estonian singer Lenna Kuurmaa's self-titled debut studio album released by Mortimer Snerd on 18 May 2010.
 Further is the seventh studio album by The Chemical Brothers released on 14 June 2010. The album title and release date were announced on the band's official website on 30 March 2010. All 8 tracks from the album are accompanied by corresponding films made specifically to match them by Adam Smith and Marcus Lyal. The main character of the films is portrayed by actress Romola Garai.
 The Crimson Idol is the fifth studio album by heavy metal band W.A.S.P. released internationally in 1992 through Capitol Records and on May 24 1993 in the United States; a remastered edition was reissued in 1998 containing a bonus disc of B-sides and live material from 1992. The album charted within the top 40 in five countries. It is a concept album telling the story of the rise and fall of a fictional rock star named Jonathan Steel.
 Blues Alley Jazz is a 1980 live album by the pianist George Shearing accompanied by the double bassist Brian Torff.
 Ravenous is an album released by the Dutch death metal band God Dethroned. It was released in 2001 on Metal Blade Records.
 Sicks is the fourth album released by novelty rock group Barnes & Barnes. It was originally released in 1986 by Rhino Records and rereleased in 2005 by Oglio Records. Its title takes its name from the fact that it is their sixth non-single release (including their previous three albums and two EP's) and also that it was deliberately created as a sick album. A sticker on the shrinkwrap of the original LP read Warning! The sickest songs ever collected on one record.
 Undressed is queercore band Pansy Division's debut album.
 Songs from Black Mountain is Live's seventh studio album and the last to feature vocalist Ed Kowalczyk. It was released in most countries on April 10 2006 but was released on May 9 in Canada May 29 in the UK and June 6 in the US. It was their only release through Epic Records. The first single The River was released on March 21 2006.Although the album had some international success including reaching number 1 in The Netherlands it had the lowest U.S.
 Tomcats Screaming Outside is the first solo album from British musician Roland Orzabal of the group Tears for Fears and was released on 2 April 2001. Although Orzabal had effectively made two solo albums under the Tears for Fears moniker in the 1990s (following the departure of bandmate Curt Smith) this was the first recording to be released under his own name.
 Lady Melody is the second studio album by American indie rock band Audio Karate. The album was released on June 1 2004 through Kung Fu Records. It was the band's last official album before Audio Karate broke up in 2005 and reuniting in 2009.
 Life is the sixteenth studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young his fifth with Crazy Horse and Young's last release on the Geffen label.The first three tracks all handle the topic of world politics and ponder the role of the United States in the world. Long Walk Home for example empathizes with troops under deployment overseas.
 Soy el mismo (I am the Same) is the fifth studio album recorded by Puerto Rican singer Eddie Santiago released in 1991. The album became his sixth number-one album on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart.
 A Taylor Horn Christmas is the Christmas EP recorded by singer Taylor Horn.
 Live is a 2000 reggae album by Luciano the Jamaican second-generation roots reggae artist and poet.
 Shout is a 1984 album by the New Wave rock band Devo. It was their sixth album for Warner Bros. Records and retained the synth-pop sound of their previous records with a heavy focus on the then new Fairlight CMI computer synthesizer. Despite the popularity of synth-pop in 1984 the album was a critical and commercial failure and ultimately led to Warner Bros. Records dropping the band; they would not release another album through the label until Something for Everybody in 2010.
 Scenery and Fish is the second album by the Canadian alternative rock band I Mother Earth released by Capitol and EMI on July 9 1996. It was the band's most commercially successful work going double platinum in Canada.The album was somewhat of a continuance of the band's percussive psychedelic sound albeit this time with more of a post-grunge twist tinged with elements of both progressive rock and pop.
 No Mend No Repair is an EP by Swedish rock band Him Kerosene released in 2001.
 Naveed is the debut album by Canadian rock band Our Lady Peace. It was produced by Arnold Lanni and was released on March 22 1994 by Sony Music Canada. Naveed became a success in Canada selling over 100000 copies (Platinum Certification) by the end of the year. There were five singles released for the album including The Birdman Starseed and Naveed. The title Naveed is taken from the Persian name for the bearer of good news.
 Deluxe Men in Space is a Man or Astro-man? 7 EP/CDEP released on Touch & Go Records & One Louder Records in 1996. The 7 was released on black vinyl with a gatefold sleeve.
 Billboard Top Rock'n'Roll Hits: 1968 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1989 featuring 10 hit recordings from 1968.The album includes five songs that reached the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The remaining five tracks each reached the Hot 100's Top 5. When the album was re-release in 1993 a number of tracks were taken off the collection and replaced with other hits from 1968.
 Rocketcrash is the first material released by The Mushroom River Band. It was recorded and released in 500 copies under the band's own label Tea Pot Records in 1999.
 Om Bobbo Viking is a 1975 album from Swedish pop and rock artist Magnus Uggla. It was his debut album. The musicians that perform on the album were originally from Harpo's band.
 Witch-Hunts is the third studio album of the Finnish black metal band Darkwoods My Betrothed.
 From I Extreme II Another is the second album by the group II D Extreme. The album was released on October 29 1996 for MCA Records and was produced by D'Extra Wiley Randy Gill and Jermaine Mickey. The album was met with mixed reviews and was a commercial failure not making it on any billboard charts. Two singles made it to the billboard charts If I Knew Then (What I Know Now) and You Got Me Goin' but neither made it high on the charts.
 Cream Anthems 97 is a mix album Disc 1 by Nick Warren and Disc 2 by Paul Oakenfold.
 Tycoon is the second studio album by melodic hardcore band No Trigger. It was released almost six years after their first full-length Canyoneer.
 Live at the Palace 2008 was the first DVD release from rock band Three Days Grace. Three Days Grace dedicated this DVD in loving memory to their manager and friend Stuart Sobol. The DVD was originally released as a Best Buy exclusive in August 2008 but is now available at other retailers.
 Soul Punk is the debut solo studio album by American singer-songwriter Patrick Stump the lead vocalist guitarist and composer of Fall Out Boy. It was released in the United States on October 18 2011 through Island Records with varying release dates in other regions. Stump's solo project was officially announced in January 2010 and he later revealed his first album's title to be Soul Punk. It is the first major musical project undertaken by Stump since Fall Out Boy's hiatus in late 2009.
 Medicine Trail is the third solo album by country rock / bluegrass musician Peter Rowan. Guest musicians include Jerry Douglas Ricky Skaggs David Grisman Mike Auldridge Flaco Jimenez and Peter's brother Lorin Rowan.
 Road Warrior is a limited 7 vinyl released by Black Tide in 2008. It features a live recording of the song Warriors of Time from their debut album Light from Above on the B-side and a cover of Iron Maiden's Prowler. Prowler was originally released on the Kerrang! compilation Maiden Heaven Iron Maiden tribute CD as well as the band's CD single for the song Shout. The cover is a scene from the music video Shockwave. It was the last release to feature rhythm guitarist Alex Nuñez.
 Dance With Me is a Latin pop/salsa music album recorded by salsa musician José Alberto.
 The Geometrid is the second album from the Scottish group Looper. It was released on Jeepster Records in Europe and on Sub Pop in the US and Canada. Two tracks from the album (Mondo '77 and My Robot) appeared on the soundtrack for Cameron Crowe's Vanilla Sky.
 The Running is the first record released on a record label by the North Carolina post-hardcore band Beloved. Originally released on Vindicated Records in 2001 it was reissued by Solid State Records in 2004.
 Three Wooden Crosses: The Inspirational Hits of Randy Travis is a compilation album by Randy Travis. Released in March 2009 by Word/Curb/Warner Bros. the album contains some of Travis' most popular gospel songs.
 Compadres: An Anthology of Duets is a compilation album of duets by American country singer Marty Stuart.
 Spice 1 is the debut album by American rapper Spice 1 released May 12 1992 on Jive Records. The album was produced by Ant Banks Blackjack E-A-Ski & CMT and Spice 1. It peaked at number 14 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 82 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers.
 Angu Mashoko is Ngonie's second studio album. Released and launched on 20 October (a day after Ngonie turned 21) at Cheers Night Club in Mabvuku it is a 13 track album with 12 original tracks and one radio mix.Ngonie funded the whole production of this album on his own and released it on his own label 4RoomsOfLove Highway Entertainment.
 Number 4 is the debut studio album of Ling Tosite Sigure.
 Rock 'n Roll Nightmare is an album by hardcore punk band Rich Kids on LSD released in 1987. It was re-mastered and re-released in 1993 on Epitaph Records.
 Variations on Swing is the debut LP by British post-hardcore outfit Meet Me in St. Louis. It was released September 24 2007 on BSM Records and will be soon released as a 12 on Denovali Records.The track I Beat Up The Bathroom I'm Sorry is a collaboration between Meet Me In St. Louis and Yndi Halda guitar player James Vella. Yndi Halda bass player Brendan Grieve also appears on the recording.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Bob Seger & the Silver Bullet Band released in 1994 (see 1994 in music). Certified 9 times platinum it is Seger's most successful album to date. In December 2009 Billboard and Nielsen SoundScan confirmed that with nearly nine million copies sold Bob Seger's Greatest Hits was the decade's best-selling catalog album in the United States even out-selling The Beatles' 1 and Michael Jackson's Number Ones.
 Uh-Oh is an album by David Byrne which was released in 1992. A single She's Mad reached #3 on the U.S. Modern Rock Tracks chart and its music video received two nominations on the 1992 MTV Video Music Awards.[citation needed]A Million Miles Away was the theme song to the television series Flying Blind.
 They Got Lost is a rarities compilation album by the group They Might Be Giants. It was issued in 2002 (see 2002 in music) in the USA and 2005 in the UK. It was available through online order several years before it went into general release. Five tracks were previously released on the 1999 eMusic compilation album Long Tall Weekend while four others are culled from the Working Undercover for the Man EP.
 Scintilli is the seventh album by the band Plaid released in 2011. The cover art is an example of an ambigram.
 Mi Trayectoria is a compilation album of Hector El Father's greatest hits.
 Macanudo is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances by Jamal with and orchestra conducted by Richard Evans recorded in 1962 and released on the Argo label.
 Instant Pleasure is Rockell's second album released on October 10 2000 on Robbins Entertainment. It is more pop oriented than her debut and was mostly produced by Tony Moran and Hex Hector. The album features the hit singles What U Did 2 Me Tears and The Dance.
 Most of the Remixes we've made for other people over the years except for the one for Einstürzende Neubauten because we lost it and a few we didn't think sounded good enough or just didn't fit in length-wise but including some that are hard to find because either people forgot about them or simply because they haven't been released yet a few we really love one we think is just ok some we did for free some we did for money some for ourselves without permission and some for friends as swaps but never on time and always at our studio in Ghent commonly shortened to Most of the Remixes... 
 Learn to Sing Like a Star is Kristin Hersh's seventh solo album and was released in the US on Yep Roc Records on the 23 January 2007 and on 4AD for the rest of the world on the 29 January. The album was produced by Kristin herself and mixed in Nashville by two time Grammy winner Trina Shoemaker. It features her Throwing Muses bandmate David Narcizo on drums and with strings by the McCarricks.
 Evolve is the second studio album by American rock supergroup Eye Empire. It is their first full length album to feature drummer Ryan Bennett on every track.
 Out of the Blue is the seventh studio album by the British rock group Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) released in October 1977. Written and produced by ELO frontman Jeff Lynne the double album is among the most commercially successful records in the group's history.
 The Poet is a 1981 album by Bobby Womack. The album reached the top of the Billboard Top Black Albums chart due to the success of the single If You Think You're Lonely Now which peaked at number three on the Billboard Hot Black Singles chart.
 A Young Person's Guide to King Crimson is a compilation (2LP set) by the band King Crimson released in 1976. At the time the band had split.
 In That Water is the second album released by the Ghetto Twiinz. It was released on July 1 1997 for Rap-A-Lot Records and Noo Trybe Records and featured production from Leroy Precise Edwards and Mike Dean. In That Water mildly improved on the Billboard Charts from the last album making it to 36 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 13 on the Top Heatseekers charts.
 The Road from Memphis is a studio album by Booker T. Jones released in May 2011 through the record label ANTI. On the album Booker T. is backed by hip-hop band The Roots. The album reached a peak position of number 85 on the Billboard 200 and received a Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Album. Mojo placed the album at number 42 on its list of Top 50 albums of 2011.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album showing all of country/pop music artist Lynn Anderson's biggest hits. The album features all of Anderson's biggest hits. The album also includes her signature hit Rose Garden which also remains her biggest hit. The album includes all her other hits from her 1970s heyday such as Top of the World Cry and Keep Me In Mind. It also includes some of her early hits such as If I Kiss You (Will You Go Away) and Big Girls Don't Cry.
 Fabric 51 is a 2010 album by DJ T. The album was released as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 Voltage 2.3: Remixed and Revisited is the second full length album by Canadian Cyberpunk/Industrial metal band Left Spine Down. The album was released on March 3 2009 via Synthetic Sounds and features 3 newly recorded songs along with remixes and segues. The new songs being Welcome to the Future along with covers of Territorial Pissings by Nirvana and She's Lost Control by Joy Division.
 Somewhere There's a Someone is a 1966 studio album by Dean Martin produced by Jimmy Bowen.This was the first of five albums that Martin released in 1966 that year he also starred in three films and appeared in his own television show. Somewhere There's a Someone peaked at 40 on the Billboard 200.The title track Somewhere There's a Someone was a Top 40 pop hit and appeared in the Top Five of the easy listening chart in the late winter of 1966.
 Power Move is the third full-length album by the Screaming Females however it was their first on Don Giovanni Records and their first not to be self-released.
 Fast Cars Danger Fire and Knives is an EP by American hip hop artist Aesop Rock his fifth major release and his fourth through the Definitive Jux label. Released on February 22 2005 (see 2005 in music) the record is produced by Blockhead and Aesop Rock himself who each contribute three tracks and by Rob Sonic who provides the remaining one. Vocals are handled by Aesop Rock with guest appearances from Camu Tao and Metro of S.A. Smash Cage and Def Jux label head El-P.
 Live in Brazil is an EP by Brazilian hard rock band Dr. Sin. It was released only in Japan with the album Double LIVE! by Yngwie Malmsteen. The Swedish guitarist loved the opening show in Brazil and he decides to launch the Japanese version of 'Double LIVE!' with one EP with four musics of Dr. Sin live. Yngwie Malmsteen & Dr. Sin sold 50.000 records in Japan only in the first week.
 How to Destroy Angels is the debut single by Coil. At this point the group consisted only of John Balance and Peter Christopherson. It was originally released in 1984 on L.A.Y.L.A.H. Antirecords but was later re-pressed in 1988.The record has two songs on it each taking up each one side of vinyl in its entirety.
 Tierra Gitana is the eighth album by the Gipsy Kings released in 1996 for USA audience. It is virtually the same album as Estrellas albeit with a different song order which was released one year prior in Europe. The only differences are the replacement of the instrumental song Forever for the song Los Peces en el Rio; the songs Mujer are also slightly different.Also note that A Tu Vera is a different version than the one that appeared on The Best of the Gipsy Kings.
 Attack of The Planet Smashers is the second full-length release from The Planet Smashers. This is the first of three collaborations between the Planet Smashers and producer Chris Murray (the other two are Life of the Party and Unstoppable).
 Rise Up is an album released by Peter Frampton in 1980. As Frampton stated: This album was released in Brazil to promote our tour there in 1980 - the album eventually turned into Breaking All the Rules released the next year..
 Washington County is a 1970 album by American folk singer Arlo Guthrie.
 Continue To Kill is Debauchery's fifth studio album.
 Resurrection is the second studio album by Chicago rapper Twista who had released his first album under the name Tung Twista. Along with the name and label change the rapper slowed his flow slightly and deepened his voice; he also took to darker rougher production provided by his then-DJ DJ-I.C. Dre.
 At the Supper Club is a posthumous 2010 album consisting of recordings of Perry Como performing on the radio variety show The Chesterfield Supper Club recorded for the Armed Forces Radio Service (AFRS) in 1946. Others featured on the broadcasts are Lloyd Shaffer and his Orchestra The Satisfiers and announcer Martin Block. Guests include Nat King Cole Spike Jones and his City Slickers Peggy Lee Diana Lynn and the Modernaires with Paula Kelly.
 Sugarpills is the debut album from New Zealand electropop band Kids of 88 released 16 August 2010. Singles released off the album include My House Just a Little Bit and most recently Downtown.
 Stay with The Hollies is the first album released by The Hollies. The album was released in the United Kingdom on the Parlophone label owned by EMI in January 1964. In Canada an album with the same title was released on the Capitol 6000 label also owned by EMI in July 1964 with a completely different track listing. In the US Imperial Records released yet another version of this LP under the title Here I Go Again in June 1964.
 Growers of Mushroom is the first album by British hard rock band Leaf Hound. The album reportedly took only 11 hours to record in Mayfair's Spot Studios. It has become a much-sought-after LP by collectors (mint condition copies have reportedly sold for as much as 1300 dollars). Growers of Mushroom became a collectors item in the years to come and was voted the number one most collectible rock album in Q magazine.This is the only album by the classic Leaf Hound line-up.
 The Inner or Deep Part of an Animal or Plant Structure is an official DVD released by Björk on August 31 2004. It is a 45 minute film about the making of the Medúlla album. The DVD features clips of the studio performances by Dokaka Shlomo Rahzel and Mike Patton that formed the beats for many of the songs on the album. The title of the DVD is the actual definition of the word Medúlla.
 Blink of an Eye is the sixth studio album by the American progressive rock band Enchant. It was released in July 2002.
 Young & Restless is an album by American singer Kristinia DeBarge that was released on May 3 2013 through Manhattan Records exclusively to Japan. Two singles have been released so far. Cry Wolf the first single was released on September 27 2012 independently and did not chart on any major chart. Ignite its second single was released on April 3 2013 exclusively through Japan iTunes and has so far peaked at number six on the iTunes Japan R&B chart.
 M'Boom is an album by American jazz percussion ensemble M'Boom led by Max Roach recorded in 1979 for the Columbia label.
 3 Compositions of New Jazz is the debut album by Anthony Braxton released in 1968 on the Delmark label. It features performances by Braxton Leroy Jenkins and Leo Smith with Muhal Richard Abrams appearing on two tracks.
 Shadow Gallery is the debut album by the progressive metal group Shadow Gallery released in 1992 (see 1992 in music).
 Ugasi me (English: Turn Me Off) is the third studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Indira Radić released in 1994.This was her second of three collaborative albums with the band Južni Vetar the other two being Nagrada i kazna (1992) and Zbog tebe (1993).
 Rejoicing with the Light is an album by Muhal Richard Abrams released on the Italian Black Saint label in 1983 and featuring performances of five of Abrams' compositions by a fourteen member orchestra.
 Outlasting the Blues is the tenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Arlo Guthrie released in June 1979 by Warner Bros. Records (BSK 3336). Produced by John Pilla and recorded from January to March 1979 with Guthrie's touring band Shenandoah the album consists of songs about mortality spirituality love and the passing of time.
 2 Hell With Common Sense is a 1992 album by Power of Dreams. It was released as the follow up to their debut Immigrants Emigrants and Me and included the singles 'There I Go Again' and 'Slowdown'.
 Beyond the Astral Skies is the third and final album from Uli Jon Roth's Electric Sun band. It was released in 1985 on EMI.
 To the Gates of Blasphemous Fire is the third album by Ukrainian symphonic black metal band Nokturnal Mortum. This album was dedicated to Igor Naumchuk of Lucifugum.
 The First Line is a 2011 album by Marcellus Hall. It is his first full-length album and was released under the Glacial Pace label. The album which includes a booklet of drawings by Marcellus has been compared to the likes of Robyn Hitchcock. His drawing work is well-known and the covers of The New Yorker and Time magazines are in his repertoire.
 Wave is the third album by Antonio Carlos Jobim released in 1967 on A&M Records. It is known as Jobim's most successful album to date (# 5 US JAZZ ALBUMS 1967# 114 US ALBUMS 1968) and it was listed by Rolling Stone Brazil as one of the 100 best Brazilian albums in history.
 Amos Lee is the self-titled debut album by American singer-songwriter Amos Lee released in the U.S. by Blue Note Records on March 1 2005. The album was produced by Lee Alexander the bassist in Norah Jones' band. The songs on the album incorporate themes of folk music soul music and jazz.
 The Guitar Artistry of Charlie Byrd is an album by American jazz guitarist Charlie Byrd featuring tracks recorded in 1960 and released on the Riverside label in 1963.The album was first released on the Washington Records Offbeat imprint as Charlie's Choice: Jazz at the Showboat Vol. 4 but only received limited distribution prior to Byrd signing with Riverside.
 Girlfriend is the third album by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet. It was released on Zoo Entertainment in 1991.
 The Other Side of Down is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter David Archuleta. It was the final album for Jive Records.The album was promoted in Southeast Asia by Asian Tour which began in July 2011.
 Golden Favorites is an album by American country music singer Ernest Tubb released in 1961 (see 1961 in music). The songs are re-recordings of previous releases by Tubb.
 ¡Fiesta Fiesta Fiesta Fiesta! is the debut studio album by The Stiletto Formal released on October 21 2008.
 Torn is the second and most recent album by the Neon Cross.
 Smokin' Taters! is a 1992 album by Owensboro Kentucky-based cowpunk band Nine Pound Hammer.
 Discography was released on 27 March 2003 and is a compilation album from Swedish pop and country singer Jill Johnson. It peaked at #4 at the Swedish album chart.
 Generasi Biru is Slank's fourth album. It was released in December 1994. This is the first album produced by Slank. The first three albums was produced by Boedi Soesatio under the Projek 'Q' label.
 Hakol Ze Letova (Hebrew: הכל זה לטובה‎ It's All For The Best) is the eighth and latest studio album by Israeli singer Dana International released on August 15 2007 by Hed Arzi label with the catalogue number 64726.
 119 is the fourth studio album by American hardcore punk band Trash Talk released on October 9 2012 via Trash Talk Collective along with Odd Future Records and RED Distribution. It is the first album by the band to be released on Odd Future Records after Trash Talk signed with Odd Future's label on May 30 2012. It is also the first studio album to be released on the label that is not performed by a member of Odd Future.
 The Single Factor released in 1982 is the ninth studio album by English progressive rock band Camel. The title refers[citation needed] to the fact that guitarist Andy Latimer was the sole remaining original member though original keyboardist Peter Bardens makes a guest appearance on 'Sasquatch'.
 San Andreas: The Original Mixtape is the debut album by American West Coast rapper Young Maylay released July 5 2005.
 Magic is a studio album by Amii Stewart released in 1992. The album which includes singles Don't Be So Shy and Don't Stop was a collaboration with Narada Michael Walden and British songwriting duo Climie Fisher.
 Filmworks XIV: Hiding and Seeking features a score for film by John Zorn. The album was released on Zorn's own label Tzadik Records in 2003 and contains music that Zorn wrote and recorded for Hiding and Seeking (2003) a documentary directed by Menachem Daum and Oren Rudavsky.
 All Becomes One is the third Studio album by singer/songwriter Latch Key Kid. It was released on January 22 2009.In the United States the album is available as a single release in most retail and online stores. 10 of the 12 songs on the album have been licensed internationally to various films advertisements and TV shows as well as independent films and non-profit groups.
 The Best of Donovan is a compilation album from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in the US (Hickory LPS 149) in November 1969. The Best of Donovan marked the third Hickory Records compilation of Donovan's 1965 Pye Records material in the United States following the Like It Is Was and Evermore Shall Be from 1968.
 Nothin' to It released on 8 August 2008 is the American singer and songwriter Cody Wood's first studio album.
 Två steg från paradise is the sixth studio album by the Swedish singer Håkan Hellström that was released on October 13 2010. It was produced by Håkan Hellström with Joakim Åhlund. A double A-side single featuring Saknade te havs and River en vacker dröm has also been released. River en vacker dröm was also played at Håkan's venue at the Way Out West-festival as a special song that would be played only once. However nearing the release of this album he chose to record it as well.
 Barbarous English Fayre is an album by the British band King of the Slums. Originally released on vinyl only in June 1989 on the Play Hard label the album compiles early releases by the band. It reached number 4 on the UK Indie Chart in 1989. The album was reissued on vinyl and CD in January 1991 by Midnight Music.
 Octagon is an album by American jazz group the String Trio of New York recorded in 1992 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 Jeans is the soundtrack from the 1998 film of the same name released by Westop on April 1 1998. The soundtrack features artists such as Hariharan Harini and Unnikrishnan. A. R. Rahman composed the music for this movie. The original soundtrack featured lyrics by Vairamuthu in Tamil. Following the success of the soundtrack it was dubbed to Hindi with lyrics by Javed Akhtar and was released by T-Series. The Telugu version lyrics were written by A. M.
 180 is the first studio album by London indie rock group Palma Violets. It was released on 25 February 2013 and follows their debut single Best of Friends the previous year which was selected as 'Best Track Of 2012' by NME magazine.
 Shed is the debut full-length studio album by American punk rock band Title Fight. It was released on May 3 2011 through SideOneDummy Records. It received positive reviews garnering an 81 on review aggregator Metacritic. It debuted at No. 8 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart.
 Discosis is the second album from Canadian group Bran Van 3000 released in summer 2001. The album features several collaborators including Curtis Mayfield Youssou N'Dour and reggae artist Eek-a-Mouse. The album cover was derived from an artwork by Boris Vallejo. The album debuted at #5 on the Canadian Albums Chart selling 9236 copies during its first week of release.Astounded is the collective's most successful single from Discosis.
 One Guitar No Vocals is an instrumental album by American guitarist Leo Kottke released in 1999.
 Slipped into Tomorrow is the fifth solo album by John Norum the guitarist for Swedish hard rock band Europe released in 1999.The album features a cover version of the Thin Lizzy song Killer Without a Cause.
 Inner Zone Journey is a 2010 album released by X Marks the Pedwalk.
 Junoon for Peace is the first live album and the eleventh overall album by the Pakistani band Junoon. The album was recorded live on October 27 2001.The concert was a tribute to the victims of the World Trade Center attack and a call for an end to the subsequent discrimination faced by Arabs and South Asians in United States. it was a call for peace on all fronts.
 Universal Language is a 1977 album by southern soul band Booker T. & the MGs. The album was recorded for Asylum Records following the demise of Stax Records of which the MG's were an integral element in 1975.MG's drummer Al Jackson Jr. was murdered in 1975; the remaining members recruited Willie Hall to replace him on this album. The group would not record another album for seventeen years returning in 1994 with That's the Way It Should Be.
 Grandes Canciones is the third album by Argentine singer Noel Schajris released on May 31 2011. It is an album made up of covers of songs made popular by other Spanish-language singers with one English-language exception; Tears In Heaven originally recorded by Eric Clapton.
 5 Live 01 is a double-CD package live album released in 2001 by the Stranglers a musical band. The rather odd title was coined by Jean Jacques Burnel since there were five of them in the band. This album represents the first appearance of Baz Warne as the band's new guitarist following the departure of John Ellis and comprise a collection of recordings that were made throughout 2000.
 Set the Mood is the debut studio album of British singer-songwriter David Jordan. Before the release of the album Jordan had written between 60 to 100 songs. These songs were then whittled down to 11 for the final track listing of Set the Mood.The album was produced by Trevor Horn who has also worked with Seal and the English dance-pop band Frankie Goes To Hollywood. Place in My Heart was released as Set the Mood's lead single on October 22.
 Za-Za is the third album from the hard rock band BulletBoys released in 1993. This was their last album released by Warner Bros. Records.
 Light Up the Sky is the third studio album and fourth album overall from Contemporary Christian-pop rock band The Afters which the producer on the album is Dan Muckala and was released on September 14 2010 by INO Records. This album has seen some commercial and critical success.
 Heavy Traffic OST is the soundtrack to Ralph Bakshi's 1973 film Heavy Traffic. The film's score was performed by Ed Bogas and Ray Shanklin. The soundtrack album was released on Fantasy Records in 1973. The album was released on compact disc in 1996 as part of a compilation that featured both the soundtracks to Fritz the Cat and Heavy Traffic on the same disc.
 The Freddie Mercury Album is a posthumous solo project with material from Queen frontman and vocalist Freddie Mercury released in 1992. The album is mainly made up of remixes from his past releases as well as the original versions of Barcelona Love Kills Exercises in Free Love and The Great Pretender.
 Thinking in Textures (stylised as Thinking in textures) is the debut extended play (EP) by Australian musician Chet Faker. It was released on 23 March 2012 by Opulent and Remote Control Records.The album won Best Independent Single/EP at the Australian Independent Records Awards.
 All Through a Life is an EP by Rites of Spring released in 1987 (after the band had broken up). It is regarded as the release that bridged the early DC sound of Minor Threat and Scream and the later DC sound of Embrace and One Last Wish.[citation needed]
 Regretfully Yours is the 13-song major-label debut album released by Superdrag on Elektra Records in 1996. The first single off Regretfully Yours was Sucked Out which ironically expressed disdain for the major-label music industry.A vinyl version -- which never appeared at the time of the original release despite the album's retro aesthetic -- is due December 11 2012 from SideOneDummy Records.
 Best of Carcass is a 2-disc compilation album by British extreme metal band Carcass. It was released on the Japanese label Toy's Factory in 1997.
 One Woman's Insanity is the second album of singer-songwriter Ultra Naté. It features the Top-40 pop-radio hit Show Me. It also includes her major Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart hits How Long and Joy. Standout album tracks include Incredibly You I Specialize in Loneliness You're Not the Only One and the title track.
 Time to Grow is the second studio album by English soul/R&B singer Lemar. The album has been certified double platinum by the BPI.
 2007 EP is the debut album/EP from Phoenix Arizona pop rock band This Century. It was released on October 5 2007 and contains 6 tracks.
 Hey! Album is the second album from Atlanta rock band Marvelous 3. The album was originally released independently in early 1998 on the band's own Marvelous Records imprint.In mid-1998 the band was signed by Elektra Records and a repackaged remixed (and overdubbed) and reshuffled version of the album was released on October 27 1998.
 Blut und Krieg is the first full length album released by the German black metal band Moonblood.
 Gazeuse! is an album by Pierre Moerlen's Gong issued in 1976. In the U.S. it was called Expresso.The album is jazz fusion and has little to do with the psychedelic space rock of Daevid Allen's Gong even though the bands share a common history.
 Remember Me This Way is a 1974 album by Rock singer Gary Glitter. It features live concert performances from Glitter's 1973 Christmas show at The Rainbow in London and was released in conjunction with the movie/documentary of the same name that showed Glitter preparing for the tour. The album only features a one-minute edit of the studio recording of the title song which follows on at the end of the live recording.
 Finally the Punk Rockers Are Taking Acid is a compilation album by The Flaming Lips collecting their first three studio albums (Hear It Is Oh My Gawd!!! and Telepathic Surgery) alongside their self-titled debut EP The Flaming Lips and previously unreleased material and demo recordings.It is the first of two releases archiving the band's Restless Records releases and is followed by The Day They Shot a Hole in the Jesus Egg.
 Revisited is an album by Donavon Frankenreiter and was released on June 22 2010.
 ...Of Dust is the second full-length studio album by the Finnish doom metal band My Shameful. It was released by Firedoom in 2004.
 I Know How To Play 'Em is an album by O.G. Style a hip hop group from Houston Texas. The album was released on Rap-A-Lot Records in 1991.
 Left of the Middle is the debut studio album by Australian singer Natalie Imbruglia. Released in 1997 the album was a worldwide hit. Spurred by the success of lead single Torn the album reached number one in her home country and the top 10 in both the UK and US. The album went on to secure Imbruglia three Grammy nominations Best Pop Vocal Album Best Female Pop Vocal Performance for the lead single Torn and Best New Artist.
 Rockin' Around the World was the sixth album of rock and roll music by Bill Haley and His Comets. Released in March 1958 on the Decca Records label Decca 8692 the album was produced by Milt Gabler who produced all of Haley's recordings for Decca. It was the second of three themed albums that Haley produced for the label.
 Alive in an Ultra World is a live album by Steve Vai recorded during The Ultra Zone world tour in 2000 and released in 2001. The songs compiled on this album were written specifically for the countries that Vai and his band were visiting. Aside from Devil's Food which is found on Vai's previous album Fire Garden these songs were penned during long soundchecks and could not previously be found on any other album.
 Stockholm a French solo album by Jean-Louis Aubert. It includes the singles Océan and Le Jour Se Lève Encore.
 Authentic is the thirteenth studio album by American hip hop recording artist LL Cool J. It was released on April 30 2013 by S-BRO Music Group 429 Records. It is his first album since 2008's Exit 13 and his first to not be released on Def Jam.
 MTV Unplugged is a DVD released in 2002 by the band Staind. The DVD's main feature is Staind's unplugged performance recorded at MTV studios at Times Square New York. The show was recorded just before the band's third album Break the Cycle was released. The show was unique as it showcased how many of Staind's heavier songs suit the acoustic format.
 Matchng Head and Feet is a studio LP by artist Kevin Coyne which was released in 1975.
 Kill My Landlord is the debut album by political hip hop group the Coup released May 4 1993 on Wild Pitch Records. Group leader Boots Riley provides all production and lead vocals DJ Pam the Funkstress provides scratches and E-Roc provides backup vocals. Kill My Landlord features the singles Not Yet Free Dig It and Funk. A few of these songs were on the first album The EP which was released in 1991.
 Greatest Hits Vol. 1 is the first greatest hits package released by American country music artist Doug Stone. Nine of the album's ten tracks were previously included on his first four studio albums; the tenth track the newly recorded Little Houses was issued as a single in 1994 peaking at #7 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. This was also his last album for Epic Records.
 It Came from Outer Space! is the first full-length album released by the Christian rock band Dweeb. Dweeb were an indie band from Coventry UK from 2002 – 2011. It Came from Outer Space! was released in 2007 by Risen Records; the label's ninth CD release. The band was made up of Tim Alford Matt Donald 'The Badgerman' and Dave Ashworth.
 Queen of the Wave is the fourth album by Pepe Deluxé released on CD by Catskills on January 30 2012 and digitally by Asthmatic Kitty Records on January 31. The album's cover art and liner notes were designed by James Spectrum.
 You is the twenty third studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin Released on October 16 1975 by Atlantic Records. It was a critical and commercial disappointment stalling at #83 on Billboard's album chart. The album's only pop chart single Mr. D.J. stalled at just #53 on Billboard's Hot 100 while climbing to only #13 R&B. The title track issued as the follow-up reached #15 R&B.
 Hutson is the third solo album by Leroy Hutson.
 Seven was the fourth album from English alternative rock band James released February 1992. Half of the album was produced by Youth but after being unimpressed with some of the early records the band's studio time ran out[citation needed] so the band produced the rest of the album itself with the help of Steve Chase.
 Soul on Top is an album by James Brown. Brown and saxophonist Maceo Parker worked with arranger/conductor Oliver Nelson to record a big band funk and jazz vocal album.
 September of My Years is a 1965 studio album by American singer Frank Sinatra released on Reprise Records in August 1965 on LP and October 1986 on CD. The orchestral arrangements are by Gordon Jenkins their fifth album collaboration. It peaked at #5 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.
 The Games People Play is the third live album by British blues harmonica player Paul Lamb and his band The King Snakes to be released on 28 May 2012. This album is a collection of original tracks and blues covers that were recorded whilst touring for his last studio album Mind Games.
 Flatline EP is an EP by American rock band The All-American Rejects released November 13 2012 by Interscope Records. The EP includes remixes of three of the band's songs by DJs Skrillex Jeff Bhasker and Tyler Johnson and the 'flatline' version of Heartbeat Slowing Down from their fourth studio album Kids in the Street.
 The Ethereal Mirror is the second full-length album by British doom metal band Cathedral. Released in 1993 this album sees the band experiment a wider scale of sound than on their debut album Forest of Equilibrium. The songs are not as doom-laden and grinding as on the first album. Some of the songs contain the first hints of a musical change which led to embracing stoner rock style on later records. It was re-issued in 2009 with a bonus disc and the DVD Ethereal Reflections.
 Träume sind stärker (English: Dreams are stronger) is a pop/rock album by the Austrian band Schürzenjäger. It was released in 1996 by BMG Ariola Media GmbH.
 Joy Ryder is the eighteenth album by saxophonist Wayne Shorter released on Columbia in 1988.
 The Singles Collection is a compilation album by David Bowie released in 1993 in the UK and (with some changes) as The Singles 1969 to 1993 in the United States.
 1987 Versions is an EP by British hard rock band Whitesnake. The EP was released in 1987 and features remixes of old Whitesnake hits such as; Here I Go Again Standing in the Shadows and Need Your Love So Bad. The EP also contains the tracks; Looking for Love and You're Gonna Break My Heart Again which were not released in North America until 1994. The EP was only released in Japan.
 H-Logic is the fourth studio album by South Korean singer Lee Hyori released on April 12 2010. The album has 14 tracks including collaborations with Daesung from Big Bang Jeon Ji-yoon from 4Minute Bekah from After School Gary from Leessang and Sangchu from Mighty Mouth.
 Wonderful Life is a soundtrack album by Cliff Richard with The Shadows to the 1964 film Wonderful Life. The album was very successful reaching #2 in the UK Albums Chart as well as #5 in the Australian Album Chart. Released in the US with title Swingers Paradise it was not so successful.Curiously some of the recordings on the album are not those used on the actual film soundtrack including the title song.
 BaBalu is the debut album released by Jazz crooner Michael Bublé before his debut label album Michael Bublé was recorded. It was released in 2001 but was not widely commercial.
 An Announcement to Answer is Quantic's fourth album.
 (Miss)understood is Ayumi Hamasaki's seventh full-length studio album produced by Max Matsuura. Its official release date was January 1 2006 but started appearing in stores on December 28 2005 the last Wednesday of the year. It was recognized by the RIAJ as one of The Best 10 Albums of the Year for 2006 and by the IFPI as number 4 on the list of top 10 selling albums in Japan of 2006. According to the Oricon it is the 8th best selling album of 2006 with sales of 877433 copies sold
 The Ghost in Daylight is a 2012 album by Gravenhurst released on Warp Records.
 Street Beat is the debut album by The Deele.
 Runners High is an album released by The Pillows on January 22 1999. It was the last album to feature guest bassist Tatsuya Kashima. Several songs from the record were later featured in the anime OVA series FLCL by Gainax.
 Four Thieves Gone: The Robbinsville Sessions is a 2006 album by The Avett Brothers. Recorded in a rented house in Robbinsville NC over the course of 10 days in early 2005 Four Thieves Gone saw the introduction of electric guitar and heavier drums to the band's ever-evolving sound. The album features fellow Ramseur Records artist Paleface.
 To the Light is an album by Irish folk singer Johnny Duhan.To the Light charts Duhan's years on the road with bands in the sixties and seventies tilting for fame and the girl. Its tone and rhythm come from the radios jukeboxes cafes bars dance-halls and nightclubs of the time it sings of. It is not a success story; numerous failures and heartaches are encountered on the road.
 Kickstarter EP is a promotional EP by the American group The Narrative featured in Kickstarter project for the band in March–April Spring Tour 2011 with Eisley.Kickstarter is a project that helps to pay the bands tour expenses started in 2009.The band have posted in your Twitter Account about the finish process of the recording songs Working on a kickstarter that will hopefully launch sometime next week and in 24 March 2011 they released the EP.
 Jala Jala y Boogaloo is an album released by the salsa music duet Richie Ray & Bobby Cruz.
 Rockoon is an album by electronic artist Tangerine Dream which was released in 1992. The album was started in March 1991 and completed January 1992 making it the longest production ever in the band's history.
 Kirk Franklin & the Family is the first album released by Kirk Franklin. This is also the first album by Franklin in collaboration with the vocal ensemble The Family. It was released on June 29 1993.
 Until the Whole World Hears... Live is a live CD/DVD by the Christian rock band Casting Crowns. It was recorded on April 24 2010 at the Greensboro Coliseum in North Carolina and released in August 31 2010 by Reunion Records.
 Sempre lontano (Italian: Always Away) is the debut studio album released by Italian singer–songwriter Nina Zilli. The album was released through the Universal Music on 19 February 2010. It peaked at number five at the Italian Albums Chart and was certified platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry.
 Ricky Nelson is the second album by teen idol Ricky Nelson released in 1958. The album charted in the Top 10 on the Billboard album charts and has since been re-issued on iTunes.
 Can't Buy a Thrill is the debut album by American rock band Steely Dan released in November 1972 by ABC Records. It was produced by Gary Katz and written by band members Walter Becker and Donald Fagen. The album was recorded at The Village Recorder in Los Angeles.
 Cha Cha 2000 - Live in Tokyo 1996 Vol. 1 is a 1998 live album by the German group La! Neu? recorded at a 1996 concert in Tokyo during the band's Japanese tour. The album consists of the second half of the 3½ hour concert during which time the band played an extended 1¾ hour version of La Düsseldorf's 1978 song Cha Cha 2000 (which was written by La! Neu?'s frontman Klaus Dinger).
 Love Love is an album by American jazz trombonist and composer Julian Priester Pepo Mtoto recorded in 1973 and released on the ECM label.
 Musa Ukungilandela is a studio album from Juluka a South African band led by England-born Johnny Clegg and the Zulu Sipho Mchunu. It was produced by Hilton Rosenthal and released in 1984 at a time when South Africa was under apartheid which banned inter-racial bands.
 Beautiful! is an album by saxophonist Charles McPherson which was recorded in 1975 and released on the Xanadu label.
 Grand Arrival is the third studio album by Bryn Haworth. The songs We're All One and Woman Friend were both released as singles (AMS 7361 and AMS 7371 respectively).
 不會分離 (Pinyin: Bú Huì Fēn Lí; lit. never apart) is Michael Wong's fifth solo album released on 9 November 2007. It consists of a CD and a DVD. The CD is a collection of new songs (except for Track 7 which was previously released as an online single for download). The DVD consists of the MV of Track 2 of the CD and bonus features.
 Oh Yeah! is an album released in 1993 by KC and the Sunshine Band. This was the first album by the band since 1984 when the band split. Despite this the album was unsuccessful and failed to chart.
 Next World was BoA's second remix album after her Peace B. Remixes album in 2002. It featured many remixes of her hit songs and collection of several English version of her songs from previous singles.
 Premier VII is the first studio album by Anodajay released in 2003.
 Fountains of Light is the second studio album by American progressive rock band Starcastle.
 Have Another Beer With Fear is the third studio album by Fear released in 1995. Although Lee Ving was the only remaining original member at the time of recording the album contains a number of tracks written by previous original members. Many of the songs were written and played during the band's brief 1992 reunion tour.
 Mue is Émilie Simon's sixth studio album released by Barclay Records on 17 March 2014.
 Jo + Jazz is a 1960 album recorded by Jo Stafford on Columbia Records. The album was also re-released in 1993 by Corinthian Records.For this album Stafford is backed by a line-up of noted jazz musicians including Conte Candoli Don Fagerquist Russ Freeman Johnny Hodges Mel Lewis Ray Nance Jimmy Rowles and Ben Webster who were under the orchestration of Johnny Mandel. The album attracted very little attention when it was originally released by Columbia.
 Lessons in Love is the third studio album by American singer Lloyd released by The Inc./Universal Motown on August 5 2008. This is the last album to be released on Irv Gotti's label The Inc. Records label.
 Bobby Vinton's Greatest Hits of Love is a third collection of Vinton's singles that were hits from 1967 to 1969. The album also includes two album tracks and two unreleased songs.
 When You Grow Up is the second studio album by American singer–songwriter Priscilla Ahn. The album was released May 3 2011 on Blue Note Records.
 Reiterate is the eighth full length album from the Christian hip hop group GRITS. It was released on September 16 2008 and is the GRITS first release on their newly formed Revolution Art label.
 The Arockalypse is the third studio album by the hard rock band Lordi. It includes the hit single Hard Rock Hallelujah which won the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 for Finland. The album has sold triple platinum in Finland and gold in Sweden. Although the album cover shows OX and Awa it was Kalma who played bass guitar on the album.
 Di Captain is a studio album by a reggae icon with more than 30 years in the business Freddie McGregor released on January 29 in 2013 under VP Records. The album consists of 16 songs showcasing Freddie's talent for re-interpretation with a selection of cover songs including a remake of his own 1980 hit Africa (Here I Come). Other features include Move Up Jamaica a spirited tribute for Jamaica's 50th Anniversary of Independence.
 MyChildren MyBride is the third album from the Christian metalcore band MyChildren MyBride to be released in March 13 2012 with the first single On Wings of Integrity Part II released in February 10 2012 the first part is available on their first album Unbreakable.[citation needed]The band launched several videos on YouTube called Dreamcatchers which are interactive trailers and the video of God of Nothing.[citation needed]The lead single On Wings Of Integrity Part II is now on iTunes and the music video is on YouTube contains several images of the band touring and contains the lyrics in the video.
 On the Sun is the second album by New Zealand reggae band The Black Seeds released in 2004. It includes the song On The Sun which debuted at number 3 on the New Zealand Charts
 The Second You Sleep is the debut studio album by Danish rock band Saybia.
 Frida is the 1971 debut album by Anni-Frid Lyngstad consisting of Lyngstad's very personal and jazzy cover versions of English or American songs. By the time of the album's release Lyngstad had been signed to EMI/Columbia for four years. Frida recorded in late 1970/early 1971 produced by her then fiancé Benny Andersson and Bengt Palmers (Blue Swede Harpo) was to be her first full-length studio album for EMI.
 Alchemy is the debut solo album of Television guitarist Richard Lloyd. It was released in 1979 one year after the breakup of Television and the release of their second album Adventure.
 Oženiše me muzikom (trans. They Married Me to Music) is a 3-piece compilation album from the Serbian rock band Galija released in 2009. With the release of the album the band marked thirty years from the release of their debut album Prva plovidba.
 Dauði Baldrs (English: Baldr's Death or The Death of Baldr) is the fifth album by the Norwegian band Burzum. Unlike Burzum's previous work which was mostly black metal this is a dark ambient album. It was recorded using a synthesizer and a normal tape recorder by Varg Vikernes while he was in prison as he was not allowed to have any other instruments or recording equipment.
 Dream Skipper is the third album by Japanese singer Nana Mizuki released on 27 November 2003.
 McCarthy at War EP was an EP by McCarthy released in May 1989.
 Agogo is a rarities album by KMFDM. Agogo comprises numerous tracks either previously unreleased released on other compilations or otherwise not widely available.
 US Songs is the first album by American emo band Elliott.
 Have a Nice Day is the sixth studio album by Swedish pop duo Roxette released worldwide in March 1999. This was the first international Roxette release in 4 years and their first brand new studio album since 1994's Crash! Boom! Bang! The album was not released in the U.S. as the duo were no longer signed to a record label there. Additional Spanish-language versions of Wish I Could Fly Anyone and Salvation were included as bonus tracks in some Spanish-speaking countries.
 Dreaming Out Loud is the debut album by American rock band OneRepublic. The album was released on November 20 2007 by Interscope Records. The album was recorded between 2004 and 2006 and it was produced by Greg Wells with two songs produced by singer Ryan Tedder and was engineered and combined by Joe Zook.
 New Pop Sunday is the third album by the band Sponge (their first on an independent label) released in 1999 on Beyond Records. The only single generated from this album was Live Here Without You which did not receive much airplay.
 Milkwhite Sheets is the fourth solo album released by former Belle & Sebastian member Isobel Campbell. The album was released on October 23 2006. It brings traditional songs from United Kingdom and songs written by Campbell. She said the album was inspired by the works of Jean Ritchie Anne Briggs and Shirley Collins.
 The Singles Collection: 2001–2011 is a compilation album released by British virtual band Gorillaz on 28 November 2011. The album is a collection of the group's singles released between 2001 and 2011. The album is available in four different editions: standard deluxe 12 vinyl and 7 single box set.
 The Soft Bulletin is the ninth album released by The Flaming Lips on May 17 1999 in the UK with a US release following on June 22 1999. It was released to wide critical acclaim and hailed by critics as a departure from their previous guitar-heavy alternative rock sound into a more layered and intricately arranged work.
 Compass is the sixth album by the American electronic act Assemblage 23. It was released on October 1 2009 on Metropolis Records and Accession Records.
 Rich Love Poor Love is a collaboration album between Syreeta and G.C. Cameron.
 Look is a 2005 album by Beth Nielsen Chapman. It reached number 63 in the UK Albums Chart.
 Wall of Arms is the second studio album by the English indie band The Maccabees released on 4 May 2009. The album was preceded by the single Love You Better on 27 April. The LP was produced by Markus Dravs who has collaborated with Björk Arcade Fire and Coldplay in the past.Wall Of Arms was also worked on in various cities including Liverpool and Paris unlike their first long-player which was recorded in dribs and drabs according to frontman Orlando Weeks.
 Hurt Me is a 1983 album by Johnny Thunders.
 Three of a Perfect Pair is the tenth studio album by the band King Crimson released in 1984. The album is a balance between the experimental Discipline and the more commercially accessible Beat. Tony Levin had more input than on any other King Crimson album.[citation needed] It is divided into a left and right side with a third side added in 2001.
 Show Business is My Life is the solo album released in 1999 by Dr. Frank singer/songwriter for The Mr. T Experience. The cover shows a red background with Dr. Frank playing guitar.
 Fork in the Road is the thirty-first studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young released April 7 2009 on Reprise Records. The album was released on vinyl on July 26 2009.The album was inspired by Young's Lincoln Continental that had been retooled to run entirely on alternative energy and Young's background with the Lincvolt project he has been working on alongside mechanic Jonathan Goodwin. The project has been to develop a viable electric energy power system for automobiles.
 36 Greatest Hits! is a 2010 box set by American singer Frank Sinatra. This box set consists 36 songs he recorded for his own label Reprise.
 Bury Your Dead is the fourth studio album by American metalcore band Bury Your Dead. It is the first record made since the departure of vocalist Mat Bruso and is also the first full-length album not to have all of the song titles follow a common theme.
 Where the Beat Meets the Street is the second studio album by Grateful Dead rhythm guitarist Bob Weir and his side-project Bobby and the Midnites. The album reached number 166 on the Billboard 200.
 Shooting Straight in the Dark is Mary Chapin Carpenter's third studio album. It was a #11 Country Album on the Billboard Country Albums chart. Four of its tracks became Billboard Hot Country Songs hits: You Win Again at #16 Right Now at #15 Down at the Twist and Shout at #2 and Going Out Tonight at #14. Members of the Cajun band BeauSoleil provide guest instrumentation on Down at the Twist and Shout.
 DJ Set 1 is a compilation album mixed by Euro House DJ/producer Benny Benassi released in 2003. It is the first in the DJ Set series.
 Funkier Than a Mosquito's Tweeter is a 2002 compilation album by Ike & Tina Turner. The songs were originally recorded from 1969 to 1974 from the albums Come Together (1969) Working Together (1970) Nuff Said (1971) Let Me Touch Your Mind (1972) and Feel Good (1972).
 Organic Hallucinosis is the fourth studio album by the death metal band Decapitated from Poland. The album was released in 2006 on February 7 in the United States on February 13 in Europe and on February 22 in Japan. The release was followed by a European and North American tours.
 Cimarron Manifesto is a 2007 album by red dirt singer-songwriter Jimmy LaFave. It is his second release for Red House Records. The album has been critically well received and has appeared at or near the top of many folk/Americana oriented music charts.
 The Aquabats vs. the Floating Eye of Death! is the third studio album from American band The Aquabats released on October 26 1999 on Goldenvoice Records.After the success of The Fury of The Aquabats! Floating Eye found the band moving away from the ska-influenced sound of their previous albums and into more diverse and experimental musical textures.
 Nature's Finest: Naughty by Nature's Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album from Naughty by Nature released on March 9 1999 by Tommy Boy Records. The compilation contains songs from the group's second third and fourth albums that they released while with Tommy Boy as well as four songs from the soundtracks to Juice Poetic Justice Nothing to Lose and Ride. It peaked at #92 on Billboard's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 Mono Band is Noel Hogan's side project from The Cranberries. The Remixes EP was released on iTunes and various other online music stores.
 Water on the Road is a film released on DVD and Blu-ray by American singer and Pearl Jam frontman Eddie Vedder. It documents Vedder's 2008 solo tour during which he performed Pearl Jam songs numerous covers and solo works including songs from the Into the Wild Soundtrack. The film features mostly performances from two shows Vedder performed on August 16 and 17 2008 at Warner Theatre in Washington D.C. It was released on May 31 2011.
 For the Good Times fully titled For the Good Times (and Other Country Moods) is the title of a recording by guitarist Chet Atkins. At the Grammy Awards of 1972 Snowbird won the Grammy Award for Best Country Instrumental Performance. The album peaked at No. 17 on the Billboard Country Albums charts.
 Graduation: Singles is the first compilation album from Nami Tamaki.
 The Essential Jimi Hendrix Volume Two released a year after Volume 1 in 1979 is a continuation of the greatest hits by Jimi Hendrix. When released on CD both volumes were released together as a double-CD package.The LP also contained a 7 331⁄3 RPM one-sided EP of The Jimi Hendrix Experience performing the song Gloria.
 Eleven Questions (2007) is international collaboration of Robert Rich and Markus Reuter which was conceived composed and recorded in person in one intense week at Rich’s Soundscape studio in California. Rich then completed mixed and mastered the work over the subsequent two months.
 All I Feel is the fourth studio album by American R&B singer Ray J and was released on April 7 2008. It is the second album by Ray J to be labeled with a Parental Advisory sticker. The album features the singles Sexy Can I featuring labelmate Yung Berg and Gifts. and was his only album with Koch Records.
 Brighton Bomb is Angelic Upstarts's eighth album released in 1987.
 Blazing Arrow is the second full-length album by Blackalicious the follow-up to 2000's Nia. It was released on April 30 2002 on MCA Records.
 Stone in the Water is an album by Italian pianist Stefano Bollani recorded in 2008 and released on the ECM label.
 The Shit I Never Dropped is a compilation album by MC Lyte containing new and previously unreleased tracks as well as her greatest hits from her previous albums.
 The Best of the Pogues is a 1991 greatest hits compilation album by The Pogues. The album was dedicated to the memory of Deborah Korner.
 Floorfillers is a dance album compilation brand by All Around The World Records (in association with UMTV) that has evolved from a range of separate compilations that AATW used to compile for a number of Northern radio stations in Emap's Big City Hits network.
 Bestiary (2001) is an album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich. This album showcases the musical concept that Rich has long referred to as “glurp”. It evokes a frenetic and surreal landscape inhabited by a wide variety of bizarre organisms.Work on this album began while Rich was working to create a library of Acid Loops for the Sonic Foundry company. He had previously created an Acid Loop library in 1999 called Liquid Planet.
 The Velvet Touch of Los Straitjackets is the third studio album by American instrumental rock band Los Straitjackets released in June 1999 by Cavalcade Records. It was recorded between September and December 1998 produced by Ben Vaughn and engineered by Mark Linett.
 Salsa with Mesquite is the second EP from British intelligent dance music producer µ-Ziq. It was released on September 18 1995 on the Astralwerks record label in the US and Hi-Rise in the UK. It is a pre-album EP to be followed up by In Pine Effect. The title comes from a popular flavour of Kettle Chips (potato crisps).
 Wormwood is the fifth studio album by The Acacia Strain. This is the band's second album to feature bassist Jack Strong and third featuring drummer Kevin Boutot; it was also their last release on Prosthetic Records. The album was released on July 20 2010. Wormwood reached #67 on the US Billboard Top 200 chart. The song Jonestown was released as a single in June 2010 and was available at the website for Prosthetic Records.
 Edea is the debut album by Edea. It was released in 1998.
 Live at the Beverly Theater is a live album by the P-Funk All-Stars. It was recorded at the Beverly Theatre in California in April 1983 and was originally broadcast by the Westwood One radio network.
 Shelter Me is the second album by Australian folk band The Waifs first released by Jarrah in March 1998.
 The Good Life is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Andy Griggs and his first for Montage Music Group after exiting RCA Records Nashville in 2005. It was released on February 12 2008 to iTunes and Ruckus while the CD was released to retail stores on May 27 2008. Tattoo Rose and What If It's Me were both released as singles from this album and both have charted on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 Recorded on December 7 2004 at the Launchpad in Albuquerque New Mexico Live. 03 is Isis's third live release. It is sourced from an audience bootleg recording and as such does not have professional sound quality.This is the first live release to feature songs from 2004's Panopticon LP.As with the rest of the live series the CD version was self-released. The vinyl edition was handled in this instance by Profound Lore Records.
 The Library of Congress Recording Sessions refers to a March 1940 session of recordings Woody Guthrie made in Washington D.C. for Alan Lomax. They were catalogued in the United States Library of Congress. They are notable as the first recordings made of Woody Guthrie. They contain several traditional songs and three of Guthrie's best known songs So Long It's Been Good To Know You Talking Dust Bowl Blues and Do-Re-Me.
 It's All in the Movies is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard released in 1976.
 Ghetto Story is the first album released on a major label by the Jamaican dancehall artist Cham previously known as Baby Cham released on August 15 2006. Internet rumours that the title track had been banned by the Jamaican government were accepted as fact by couple of journalists.
 Todos Tus Muertos is the debut album by Argentine band Todos Tus Muertos released in 1988 and give them some successes needed to be known on a larger scale by taking them on tour in other countries.
 Street Rats was the eighth studio album by the English rock group Humble Pie released in 1975. The album went to #100 on the Billboard 200 album chart in the United States.
 Tempi / Matatabi is a double EP by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The artwork is a parody of the catalogue for a Salvador Dalí exhibition held in Tokyo in 1964 and features drawings made by Masami Akita in 1974.
 Function at the Junction is the fourth album by the Brooklyn New York band B.T. Express. Released in May 1977 on Columbia Records.
 Strange Universe is the third studio album by Canadian rock band Mahogany Rush led by Frank Marino. It was released in 1975.
 Hush Hush Sweet Charlotte was an LP album by Patti Page released by Columbia Records in 1965.The album was reissued combined with the 1968 Patti Page album Gentle on My Mind in compact disc format by Collectables Records on August 24 1999.
 Oliver Nelson Plays Michelle is an album by American jazz composer arranger and saxophonist Oliver Nelson featuring solos by Nelson and Phil Woods recorded in 1966 for the Impulse! label.
 Das 2. Gebot (German for The 2nd Commandment) is the third studio album released by the Neue Deutsche Härte band Unheilig. It was released on April 7 2003 in two versions a standard 12-track edition and a limited double-disc edition. The limited double-disc edition includes the Maschine maxi-CD as a bonus disc. The song Maschine was used in Project Gotham Racing 2 for the Xbox.In July 2009 Das 2. Gebot was re-released with new artwork and a remastered audio track.
 Requia (subtitled and other compositions for guitar solo) is the eighth album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey. Released in 1968 it was the first of Fahey's two releases on the Vanguard label.
 New Horizon is the fourth studio album by Northern Ireland rock band The Answer. The album which was released on 30 September 2013 was produced by Little Angels frontman Toby Jepson and features artwork from the legendary designer Storm Thorgerson who was working on the cover shortly before his death in April 2013. New Horizon is the band's first album with Napalm Records with whom they signed the previous year.Spectacular is the first single taken from the album.
 Heavy Crown is the fourth album released by the Lovehammers on July 21 2009. It contains twelve new tracks as well as acoustic versions of Eyes Can't See which was on the Murder on My Mind album and Velvet which was on the Ultrasound EP.
 Amnesia is the tenth studio album by Spanish metal band Hamlet. The album was recorded and produced in Spain with producer Carlos Santos at Sadman Studios and mixed and mastered in Sweden by Fredrik Nordström and Henrik Udd at Studio Fredman (In Flames Soilwork Opeth).
 Come By Me is a big band album by American artist Harry Connick Jr. released in 1999 eight years after his previous big band recording Blue Light Red Light.Connick and his Big Band was on a year-long world tour (the U.S. Europe Japan and Australia) in support of the album.
 Live at San Quentin is a 1990 live album by blues guitarist B. B. King performed at San Quentin State Prison in Marin County California.
 An Empty Flight is Paul Dempsey's first solo album released in 1998. Dempsey also plays guitar in alternative rock band Something for Kate. While released under the pseudonym Scared of Horses Paul Dempsey does not deny credit for this album. There are many special guests that appear on this album playing various instruments and providing lead vocals on some tracks.
 Chaw (Lit: Let's Go) is the first letter of the band's name and also their 4th album. Chandrabindoo (band) called it their Chaturtho Chamok (Lit: Fourth Wonder). Recorded in Calcutta it was released by Asha Audio in 2001.
 Live 1972 is the third album of the British progressive rock band Gnidrolog. The album was recorded live in Birmingham on July 10 1972 and released in 1999 to be the band's only live album. The album's bonus track was recorded live in Aylesbury on July 8 1972.
 Nanairo no Rakugaki is an EP mini album by the J-pop band Aqua Timez. It was released on 5 April 2006.
 High Road is an album by Canadian folk rock band The Grapes of Wrath released March 19 2013 on Aporia Records. It is the band's first album of new material since Field Trip in 2000 and the first to feature all three of the band's original members since 1991's These Days.
 So Fresh: The Hits of Summer 2005 plus the Biggest Hits of 2004 is a compilation album which features some of the most popular songs in 2005 in Australia.
 Between the Devil and Middle C is a 2006 album by Mark Mallman
 Deep in the Shed is the second studio album by the blind jazz pianist Marcus Roberts a protégé of trumpet player Wynton Marsalis. The album features Roberts playing chords on his left hand and somewhat dark improvisations that burst into fireworks less often than you'd expect with his right hand. Roberts is backed by a seven-piece band on most of this album a lineup which included Marsalis performing under the alias E. Dankworth.
 Love Songs part of a series of compilation albums that features love/romantic songs from various artists' is the 3rd collection of hits by Vanessa Williams released in 2004.
 Tunnel of Love is the fourth EP by American hip hop group Insane Clown Posse released on June 11 1996 by Psychopathic Records. It is the third and final sideshow entry in the group's Dark Carnival saga.
 No Secrets is pop/folk singer-songwriter Carly Simon's third studio album. Released in 1972 it was her commercial breakthrough. The album spent five weeks at #1 on the Billboard charts and quickly went gold as did its leadoff single You're So Vain which remained at #1 on the Pop charts for three weeks and #1 on the Adult Contemporary charts for two weeks. 25 years after its initial release the album was officially certified platinum on December 12 1997.
 Motel is the debut eponymous album by the Mexican soul-rock band Motel. The album was released on March 21 2006 in Mexico. Four months later the album was released in countries like Guatemala Venezuela Chile and the United States. Their first single is called Dime ven (English: Tell Me to Come. The song was very popular in Latin American and Mexican charts. They also released their last singles Olvídame and Lejos estamos mejor.
 The Grimalkin is the second studio album by German progressive metal band Noekk released on May 19 2006. It was recorded and mixed at Studio E in September and October 2005 by Markus Stock. All the songs and lyrics are by Noekk.
 Theatre is an album by Swiss pianist composer and arranger George Gruntz's Concert Jazz Band '83 recorded in 1983 and released on the ECM label.
 Dusk and Desire (1986) is the second album (and fifth release) by electronic music artist Moev. It was the first group's album to feature Kelly Cook on bass and the last to feature Mark Jowett on electric guitar and band's co-founder Cal Stephenson on synthesizers.
 Brendan James is the self-titled second studio album by American singer-songwriter Brendan James released on September 7 2010. Brendan made his first-ever appearance on Billboard 200 after debuting at #93 on the chart with the strong sales in digital the self-titled album also broke into the Digital Albums chart at #21.
 Situations – The Very Best Of Cetu Javu is a compilation by Cetu Javu repackaged and re-released on Cleopatra Records as a Best of compilation album. It has an identical track listing to their debut album Southern Lands.
 Rejects on the Road is a Nasty Idols Live DVD release and currently the only to be released.
 Norske Jenter (Norwegian Girls) is the debut album of the Norwegian rock-band The Kids.
 No Long Thing is the debut album by Nigerian recording artist D'banj. It was released by Mo'Hits Records in 2005. The album was produced by Don Jazzy and supported by the singles Tongolo Socor and Mobolowowon.
 Let It Go is the final album released by heavy metal band Galactic Cowboys. It was released in 2000.
 Of Rivers and Religion is an album by American folk musician John Fahey released in 1972. It was his first recording on a major label (Reprise Records) and is credited to John Fahey and His Orchestra. It marked a significant change from Fahey's previous releases incorporating a backing band and performing songs and arrangements in a Dixieland jazz style. Although Time picked it as one of the Top Ten albums of 1972 it was also a difficult album to market and had little enthusiasm at Reprise.
 Present the Paisley Reich is the second album by lo-fi indie rock group Times New Viking. The CD release is expanded to include songs from two seven-inch releases: Busy Making Love & War and a split EP with Psychedelic Horseshit. The album was released on Siltbreeze Records; however Times New Viking released their next album (Rip It Off) on Matador Records.
 The Burning Heart is the fourth album by the Swedish rock band Takida. The album entered the albums chart in Sweden in 5 August 2011 and topped it on 12 August 2011. By 27 January 2011 the album have stayed in the chart for 26 weeks. The album was certified gold according to the official Swedish chart website.
 Tzotzil/Mummers/Tzotzil is a live album by Cecil Taylor recorded in Paris on November 13 1987 with overdubbed poetery recorded in London on November 16 & 17. It was released on the Leo label and the concert performance features Taylor with Thurman Barker William Parker Carlos Ward and Leroy Jenkins. The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states This is perhaps one of the oddest recordings that Cecil Taylor did for Leo.
 Tomorrow Hit Today is the fifth album by the grunge band Mudhoney. It was released by Reprise Records on September 22 1998 (see 1998 in music). Although the band retains their grungy sound on the album a noticeable garage and blues influence can be heard. The album title is a reference to a song When Tomorrow Hits off of their eponymous debut. This is also the last album to feature bass player Matt Lukin.
 Big Shiny Tunes 2 is the second edition of the MuchMusic compilation series Big Shiny Tunes. It was the most successful album of the series debuting at #1 on the Canadian Albums Chart and being certified Diamond (1000000 units) by the CRIA.The album had been accompanied by heavy advertising in Canada.As of 2007 Big Shiny Tunes 2 has sold 1233000 copies. As of 2010 it is the third best selling album ever in Canada of the Nielsen SoundScan era.
 Una Noche Más is the second studio album by Chris Pérez Band. It was released on April 16 2002.
 Preview is the second EP by Australian singer-songwriter Kym Campbell. Campbell toured in support of Preview across Australia and Japan in 2010. Campbell's release of Preview drew the attention of Japanese label Pony Canyon leading to the release of Campbell's first full length album Real Life in 2011.
 Reel 2 Remixed the second album released by the house music and reggae-influenced duo Reel 2 Real is a remix of their first album Move It!.
 Two Shoes is the second studio album by Australian band The Cat Empire the follow-up to the wildly successful self-titled first album The Cat Empire. It was recorded in 2004/2005 in Havana Cuba.
 Get acquainted is the title of a CD-compilation that was released for free with the German book Metall macht Musik. Among others the CD features songs by ex-Misfits-singer Michale Graves and his band Gotham Road. Those songs were made available on a factory pressed CD for the first time.
 A Burn or a Shiver is an Edison Glass album that was released on April 4 2006 by Credential Recordings. It was produced by Brad Wood. The CD release show was held at a music store on Long Island New York the band's hometown.
 Antenna (アンテナ Antenna) is the seventh studio album by Japanese rock band GO!GO!7188. The limited release first press also included a DVD featuring PV's for the single Futashika Tashika and a live performance Omata Kara no Live Eizou.
 The Rough Guide To Voodoo is a world music compilation album originally released in 2013 featuring music inspired and influenced by the Voodoo religious tradition (from West African Vodun to New World Haitian Vodou Louisiana Voodoo and related movements). Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the album contains two discs: an overview of the genre on Disc One and a bonus Disc Two highlighting Erol Josué.
 I Marinella tragouda Megales Kyries (Greek: Η Μαρινέλλα τραγουδά Μεγάλες Κυρίες; English: Marinella sings Great Ladies) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. It was released in 1992 by Minos EMI in Greece.
 Heroji (English: Heroes) is the fourteenth studio album by Bosnian Serb folk singer Indira Radić released in 2008.
 Rock My Life is the third album by German pop singer Jeanette. It was released by Universal Records on 25 November 2002 (2002-11-25) in Germany. In 2003 the album was reissued as the Gold Edition with additional songs.
 I Hear the Music is the third album by the pop rock duo England Dan & John Ford Coley. Tell Her Hello New Jersey Mud and Stone and Miss Me were previously released on album England Dan & John Ford Coley.
 The Angel's Message To Me is the first studio album collaboration by Chris Brokaw and Geoff Farina as a duo. It was released on Damnably in the UK on March 18 2010 and on Capitan Records in the US on May 6 2010. The album is a collection of covers of pre-WWII North American blues folk and ragtime classics by the likes of Reverend Gary Davis Blind Blake The Kentucky Ramblers and Leroy Carr.
 A Night for Baku is the 14th album by Djam Karet.
 Johnny Hodges with Billy Strayhorn and the Orchestra is a 1962 studio album by Johnny Hodges accompanied by an orchestra arranged by Billy Strayhorn. The album features many members of Duke Ellington's orchestra.The album was reissued on CD by Verve in 1999 and on LP by Speakers Corner and Analogue Productions in 2013.
 Season of the Dead is the first full length studio album by the death metal band Necrophagia. It was released in 1987 on New Renaissance Records. It is the only album to feature Joe Blazer on drums Larry Madison on guitar and Bill James on bass. It is also the bands last album until 1998.
 Greatest Hits is the first compilation album by DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince. The album includes several of the duo's biggest hits including Girls Ain't Nothing but Trouble Parents Just Don't Understand and Summertime. This also includes the previously unreleased track Lovely Daze and two solo tracks by Will Smith from his major-motion picture film Men In Black.
 The Spectral Sorrows is the third full-length studio album by the Swedish death metal band Edge of Sanity recorded by Börje Forsberg in July–August 1993 and released by Black Mark Productions in 1993. Unfortunately the bassist Anders Lindberg could not record the album due to mandatory military service. This album begins Edge of Sanity's progression from pure death metal to a more progressive and melodic sound.
 Dynamic Stillness is a 2-disc album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach released in 2009.
 The King & Eye is an album by the American avant-garde band The Residents released in 1989. It consists of a series of Elvis Presley songs strung together with a narration exploring what motivated him throughout his career. Most of the album showed up in the Cube-E tour.
 Engineers is the debut studio album of the British shoegaze band Engineers. It was released on 7 March 2005 by the Echo label and features the singles Home Forgiveness and Come in Out of the Rain. The album was released to generally positive reviews.
 Please Mr. Lostman is an album released by The Pillows on January 22 1997. After a series of successful singles such as Strange Chameleon and Swanky Street it would become the band's breakthrough album.[citation needed] The record's title is a play on Please Mr. Postman by The Marvelettes.
 Remain in Light is the fourth studio album by American new wave band Talking Heads released on October 8 1980 on Sire Records. It was recorded at locations in the Bahamas and the United States between July and August 1980 and was produced by the quartet's long-time collaborator Brian Eno. The album peaked at number 19 on the Billboard 200 in the US and at number 21 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Homecoming in Heaven is an album by American country music artist George Jones. It was released in 1962 on the United Artists record label.
 Real Recognize Real is the seventh studio album by Memphis-based rapper Project Pat. It was released on February 24 2009 but was leaked onto the internet on February 18. This is Pat's first album to drop courtesy of Asylum Records which previously distributed albums by HCP artists Frayser Boy and Chrome and is the current distributor of Lil Wyte.
 Michael Learns to Rock is the sixth studio album by Danish soft rock band Michael Learns to Rock. It was released on February 9 2004 by Medley Records (EMI). The album was re-titled Take Me to Your Heart in Asia.The album's lead single Take Me to Your Heart was released on October 26 2003 and was an adaptation of the famous Chinese hit Goodbye Kiss by Jacky Cheung. The name of the original song is 吻别 (Wen Bie).
 Turis Fratyr is the first studio album released by German folk metal band Equilibrium. It was released on February 14 2005. A 2008 re-release included Demo 2003 as a bonus disc.
 Jewel of Jewels is MAX's fifth original studio album released five years after their last album Emotional History (2001). It is their first and last album recorded with Aki who left the group in 2008. It contains six of the seven singles released with Aki and was the group's first album to be released in dual formats.
 Now That's What I Call Music! 86 or Now! 86 is a double-disc compilation album which was released in the United Kingdom on 18 November 2013.
 Genie Magic is the second album released from the Bratz doll franchise. It features songs from the Bratz's feature film Bratz: Genie Magic which was released in 2006 and also features songs from the Bratz TV series which are aired on 4Kids TV TeleToon and CITV. The album was released in stores on April 11 2006 at the same time as the direct-to-DVD movie of the same name. Critical response to the album has been positive.
 Skin is the second album by the Australian band Endorphin released in 1999.
 Bass Desires is a 1985 studio album by jazz bassist Marc Johnson released on the ECM label.
 The Heavy Soul Experience is the first full-length studio album from Mother Superior. It features the original Wilson-Blake-Mackenroth line-up.
 Jay Love Japan is an album by the late hip hop producer J Dilla.
 Stone Free is a posthumous compilation album by Jimi Hendrix released in 1981 by Polydor Records. The album contains songs from Are You Experienced Axis: Bold as Love Electric Ladyland and The Cry of Love as well as one song from Loose Ends.
 Passion: Better is One Day is the 1999 album recorded live at Passion '99 in Fort Worth Texas; an annual conference held in January.
 Encore: The Best of The Clark Sisters is a greatest hits collection by seminal gospel singing group The Clark Sisters to be released on February 12 2008 through Dexterity Sounds/Rhino Entertainment.The collection is the first of its kind chronicling the group's mid- to late-80's recordings for Word/A&M.
 Chiquititas is an Argentine telenovela created by Cris Morena. It was very successful in every country where it was broadcast. The cast recorded seven albums as soundtracks and the songs were written by Cris Morena (credited as Cristina de Giacomi).
 The Everlasting is the twenty-second studio album by Japanese band Loudness. It was released in 2009 only in Japan after the death of original drummer Munetaka Higuchi whose pre-recorded drum tracks were used on this album. It was also 15th and last album recorded by the original line up. The song I Wonder introduces new drummer Masayuki Suzuki. The album also features a quasi-return to their 80's sound in Flame of Rock and I Wonder.
 King Crimson Live in Hyde Park London is a live album by the band King Crimson released through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in September 2002.The album documents King Crimson's performance at the Hyde Park Festival of July 5 1969 held in London UK. It has been estimated that half a million people attended this outdoor concert which was headlined by the Rolling Stones. King Crimson were the opening act.
 Unbreakable is the third full-length studio album released by Christian rock band Fireflight but second full-length to be released on Flicker Records. The album was released on March 4 2008 on Flicker Records.
 Setting Standards is an album led by trumpeter Woody Shaw which was recorded in 1983 and released on the Muse label. Setting Standards was released as part of Woody Shaw: The Complete Muse Sessions by Mosaic Records in 2013.
 The Very Best of Peter Andre: The Hits Collection is the first compilation album released by singer Peter Andre containing hits from early in his career.
 Album of Love is a 1985 studio album by The Three Degrees.
 Playhouse of the Universe is album by American folk-rock group Wild Band of Snee.Fronted by Rushad Eggleston cellist of Tornado Rider and former member of Crooked Still the album offers 11 compositions of this Grammy-nominated musician [1] and brings us closer into his mythical world of Snee [2]
 As You Desire Me was an album by Jo Stafford released by Columbia Records as a 10 long-playing record (catalog number CL-6210) a box set of 45-rpm records (catalog number 39720) and a two-EP set (catalog number B 298) in 1952.
 The Human Design is the first full-length album by Shot Down Sun. Originally released in 2006 it was re-released following the bands signing with Crash Music.
 020120 is a live album from The Mad Capsule Markets. It was recorded live on January 20 2002 at Zepp Tokyo. The music is basically material from the Osc-Dis and the 010 albums but it did include a faster version of Kami-Uta as an encore track and for the intro tape the show opens with Crass' song Gotcha (who inspired the band in their earlier days).
 Netsky is the eponymous debut album from Belgian drum & bass musician Netsky. The album primarily features drum and bass tracks with various vocalists such as Darrison and Jenna G. It was leaked in early May a month before the intended mid-June release. The release however was brought forward to 31 May 2010.[citation needed]
 Matter of Dayz is the twelfth studio album by rapper Daz Dillinger. It was released on November 30 of 2010 by the Gangsta Advisory Records.
 Pau-Latina is the seventh studio album by Mexican recording artist Paulina Rubio released on February 10 2004 by Universal Latino.
 Bobo Ashanti is Jamaican reggae singer Sizzla's tenth studio album. It was released on Greensleeves Records on August 31 2000. The album written by Sizzla and produced by Philip Fatis Burrell peaked at #6 on the Billboard top reggae album charts and takes up themes of the Bobo Ashanti branch of the Rastafari movement.
 Ifyoubelievein is the first solo album by Bryan MacLean who was previously known as the second songwriter in the original lineup of the Los Angeles folk rock band Love. The album was assembled of old demo tapes his mother Elizabeth McKee had found at home catalogued and managed to acquire a record deal for while he was in rehab in 1995.
 10 Color Singles is a compilation album released by High and Mighty Color on December 26 2007. It comes in two editions one featuring an additional DVD which contains most of the band's music videos.
 Great Expectations is the title of the debut full-length album by British singer-songwriter Tasmin Archer. Released in late 1992 on Capitol it contained her sole American chart hit Sleeping Satellite which peaked in the lower rungs of the Top 40 at number 32. The album itself reached a peak of 115 in the States.
 Caves is the first recording by progressive metal band Elitist. It is also the first and last album to feature vocalist Jacob Katz.
 Premonición Live is a live album of Spanish pop singer David Bisbal released in 2007. This is the second live album of the singer the first being Todo Por Ustedes.
 Bendito Entre Las Mujeres (English: Blessed Among Women) is the first solo album by lead guitarist of Latin rock band Maná Sergio Vallín. The album was released on September 22 2009.
 Nada Es Igual is an album performed and produced by Luis Miguel and first pop album since 1993's Aries. It was released on August 20 1996. The album received a Best Latin Pop Performance nomination on the 1997 Grammy Awards. This was the seventh major studio album made by Luis Miguel and is also one of the most successful albums by the artist selling over 5 million copies worldwide.
 October is the second album by English singer-songwriter Claire Hamill released in 1973. Hamill has identified the subject of the track Speedbreaker as being John Martyn with whom she had an affair.
 Idiology is an album by German electronica group Mouse on Mars released in 2001.
 No Hats Beyond this Point is the sixth studio album by Canadian synthpop group Men Without Hats. Released in 2003 it was their first album in twelve years. After the release of the album the group broke up.
 (I'm) Stranded is the debut album by Australian punk rock group The Saints which was released by EMI on 21 February 1977. Their debut single (I'm) Stranded was issued ahead of the album in September 1976 which Sounds magazine's reviewer Jonh Ingham declared was the Single of this and every week. Erotic Neurotic was the second single which was released in May 1977 and the group relocated to the United Kingdom.
 Laptop Symphony is a compilation album by American electronic musician Brian Transeau (aka BT) composed of a collection of various electronica breakbeat trance and dubstep songs from popular artists. The album was released on May 14 2012 in both physical and digital form. The release formats differ in that the physical release contains two continuous mixes done by Transeau (one on each disc) while the digital release contains the original non-mixed songs as well as the continuous mixes.
 Soul Martini is the second and last album recorded by The Cavedogs in 1992. The one single released from this album was Boy in a Plastic Bubble.
 Fission is the studio studio album by keyboardist Jens Johansson released in 1997 through Heptagon Records (Europe); February 18 1998 through Pony Canyon (Japan); and on March 24 1998 through Shrapnel Records (United States). According to Johansson the album went through an extremely troubled recording process due to several mishaps with Andy West's bass parts which ultimately never made the album.
 Past Lives is a live album released in 2002 by Black Sabbath. It peaked at number 114 on the Billboard 200. The first disc was previously known as Live at Last an album not put out by Black Sabbath's record company and therefore not an official Black Sabbath album.
 Rockin' Roll Baby is the third studio album recorded by American R&B group The Stylistics released in November 1973 on the Avco label. It was produced by Thom Bell and recorded at Sigma Sound Studio North in Philadelphia. This would be the group's last album to be produced by Bell.
 The Visitation is the debut studio album by American experimental rock band Chrome. It was released on 1976 through record label Siren.
 Obey is an album released by the Canadian death metal band Axis of Advance in September 2004.
 The Vibe is Lexington Bridge's debut album. It was released on November 23 2007 by Polydor Records.The single Real Man was covered by Taiwanese singer Jolin Tsai on her album Butterfly.
 Love Story is an compilation album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in the UK in July 1971 by the CBS Records division of Columbia. It entered the UK album chart on July 31 of that year and reached number 11 over the course of 11 weeks.The title track from the album which was subtitled Where Do I Begin? entered the Hot 100 in the US in the issue of Billboard magazine dated February 6 1971 and stayed on the chart for 13 weeks eventually peaking at number nine.
 Ascension is a jazz album by John Coltrane recorded in 1965 and released in 1966. It is often considered to be a watershed album with the albums released before it being more conventional in structure and the albums released after it being looser free jazz inspired works. In addition it signaled Coltrane's interest in moving away from the quartet format. Coltrane described Ascension in a radio interview as a big band thing although it resembles no big band recording made before it.
 The Natural is the third studio album by Haystak.
 Evoke is a 2005 album by the German industrial music project :wumpscut:.
 Signs of Life is the debut album by the Finnish alternative rock band Poets of the Fall. It was released on 19 January 2005 and debuted at number-one on the Finnish charts. The album was certified platinum on 26 April 2006 and remained in the Top 40 for more than one year (56 weeks). The album was released on the iTunes Music Shop in Finland Norway Denmark and Sweden in August 2005. It was released on iTunes for worldwide purchase on 12 April 2008.
 笑說 Jokingly Saying is the fourth studio album of cantopop singer Prudence Liew released in 1989.
 Cocoon of Love is the debut album of Los Angeles indie pop outfit Princeton.
 Always... (1992) is the debut album of the Dutch band The Gathering. It was first released in 1992 in Europe by Foundation 2000 and in North America by Pavement Music. In 1994 a first remixed version was released by Foundation 2000. In 1999 a second remixed version was released by Psychonaut Records. The Mexican edition was released by Scarecrow Records.
 Satanic Sanction was an EP by Sleep Chamber featuring the lineup of John Zewizz and Jonathan Briley with help from Larry Van Horn and Laura Chopelas.Originally released as a 12 vinyl EP on the Italian label Musica Maxima Magnetica (catalog EEE 02) it was reissued in 1999 expanded by five tracks by US label RRRecords (catalog XXX-PROMO-05) limited to only 50 copies. In 2010 Satanic Sanction was again reissued by Austrian label Klanggalerie (catalog GG138).
 Meet Me Halfway At Least is the debut album from English rock band Deaf Havana. It was produced by Matt O'Grady (You Me at Six) and was released on October 5 2009 through Wolf At Your Door Records. It was their second release via Wolf At Your Door following the EP Its Called the Easy Life. Music videos for the songs Friends Like These and Nicotine and Alcohol Saved My Life gained them regular airtime on UK music channels Kerrang Scuzz and Lava TV.
 Back Again!!! is the second studio album by American singer Milira released in 1992 under Motown Records. It peaked to number 81 on the Billboard Top R&B Albums chart and features the singles Three's a Crowd and One Man Woman.
 Anacrônico (English: Anachronistic) is the second album by Brazilian rock singer Pitty. #1 in Brazil.
 Dream Logic (released November 12 2012 in Germany by ECM Records ECM 2301 – 371 3657) is a nu jazz album by the Norwegian guitarist Eivind Aarset.
 Columbus Stockade Blues is a 1970 compilation album by country singer Willie Nelson. It was his first release in the 1970s.
 Lepo se provedi (English: Have Fun) is the thirteenth studio album by Serbian singer Indira Radić released in 2007.
 L'Espoir (English: Hope) is an album by Léo Ferré released in 1974 by Barclay Records.
 Überjam is an album by The John Scofield Band which was released on January 29 2002 on Verve Records.
 Un Paso del Amor is the debut album from Puerto Rican singer Ektor. Ektor was the second finalist of the first season of Puerto Rican talent show contest Objetivo Fama.The album was released on August 23 2005. The first single titled Te Voy a Amar was used in one of Univision's soap operas.
 Party for the Grown and Sexy is the debut EP by You Me and Everyone We Know a rock band from Washington D.C. It was released independently in 2006 and re-released on Rushmore Records with extra tracks on January 28 2008.
 Hold On was the fifth album by High Inergy. Like their previous three albums this one was a commercial and critical disappointment. It peaked at #70 on Billboard's R&B Album charts and failed to make the Top 200 Pop Album charts.
 El Cuarto de Cuca is the fourth album by Cuca a Mexican hard rock group originally from Guadalajara Jalisco.In this production Jose Fors returned to the ranks of Cuca together to close the life cycle of the group which is separated after a series of farewell concerts by the Mexican Republic.
 La Luz del Ritmo (The Light of Rhythm) is the fifteenth albums by Ska Argentine band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs.
 About Time is a 1989 album released by blues rock band Ten Years After the final studio album released featuring Alvin Lee their singer and most prominent songwriter since the band's creation. It was also their first studio release in fifteen years (since Positive Vibrations in 1974). About Time peaked at #120 on the US Billboard 200.
 B'z Live-Gym Hidden Pleasure 〜Typhoon No.20〜 is the eighteenth live DVD released by Japanese rock duo B'z on December 10 2008. Following the release of two compilations to celebrate the band 20 years of career this DVD is also a compilation featuring live footage of several different Live-Gyms by them.
 Black Mountain is the debut album by Black Mountain released by Jagjaguwar in 2005.
 Dragontown is the 22nd studio album by Alice Cooper released in 2001. Like Brutal Planet the album displays a heavier style than many of his previous releases. The album peaked on Billboard's Top Independent Albums Chart at #12 and the Billboard 200 at #197 his lowest album chart performance since 1983’s DaDa which didn't chart at all.This is the first Alice Cooper studio album to contain no singles.
 Late Night Cinema is an album by American instrumental hip hop duo Blue Sky Black Death. It was released on Babygrande Records in 2008. It is their second proper studio album following A Heap of Broken Images (2006). Between recording the duo recorded two collaboration albums with rappers Holocaust and Hell Razah titled Blue Sky Black Death Presents: The Holocaust and Razah's Ladder respectively.
 The Cape Verdean Blues is an album by the Horace Silver Quintet led by jazz pianist Horace Silver. The quintet is joined on half of these tracks by trombonist J.J. Johnson with whom Silver had been eager to work for some time. The album was inspired by Silver's father John Tavares Silva who was born in Cape Verde.
 Ultraviolet is the fourth studio album by All About Eve. It was the only album that the band released with MCA. Despite quite positive reviews at the time this album was not commercially successful reaching only #36 on the UK charts. The two singles only reached respectively #38 and #57 in the UK singles charts. As a consequence of this the band were dropped by MCA shortly afterwards.Outshine the Sun is frequently used at the band's gigs for a finale.
 Ground of Humania 2012.3.20 in Makuhari is a live DVD concert by the Japanese rock band Nico Touches the Walls recorded on March 20 2012 and scheduled to be released on July 25.The DVD was recorded at the last concert of the second leg of the 2012 tour to promote the album Humania.
 Með suð í eyrum við spilum endalaust (Icelandic: [mɛð ˈsʏːð i ˈeiːrʏm vɪð ˈspɪːlʏm ˈɛntaløyst] METH SOOTH EE AY-room VITH SPEE-loom END-ə-loost With a Buzz in Our Ears We Play Endlessly) is the fifth full-length studio album by the Icelandic band Sigur Rós released on June 23 2008.All the lyrics for the album were originally intended to be in English but in the end the band decided that Icelandic felt more natural to them.
 The Beast Is Back is the seventh album by a newly reformed Blue Cheer 13 years after their previous album Oh! Pleasant Hope (1971). It contains re-recorded versions of some of the band's most popular songs from their late-60s heyday as well as new material. The album features founding members Dickie Peterson and Paul Whaley. Original guitarist Leigh Stephens did not participate in the reunion.The Beast Is Back has been released with three different album covers.
 There's Nothing Wrong with Love is the second full-length album released by indie rock band Built to Spill. The line-up for the album was Doug Martsch bassist Brett Nelson and drummer Andy Capps. There's Nothing Wrong with Love was recorded in May and June 1994 and released September 13 1994 on the Up Records label. It was produced by Phil Ek. The songs Car and Distopian Dream Girl were released as singles.
 This Might Sting a Little was the second album by Christian metal group Disciple released in 1999. The album contained a bonus disc for the buyer to give the CD to someone that is not saved!. This album was remastered and re-released in 2004. This is the only Disciple album to contain no Ballads of any form.
 When You Were Shouting at the Devil... We Were in League with Satan is the third album by Canadian metal band Zimmers Hole. The name is a reference to Mötley Crüe's album Shout at the Devil as well as the band Venom's first album Welcome to Hell containing the song In League with Satan.Drummer Gene Hoglan is also the current drummer for the touring version of Dethklok which is referenced by a voice cameo from Nathan Explosion from the virtual version of Dethklok on The Vowel Song.
 Playlist: The Very Best of Fuel is a compilation album by American hard rock band Fuel. It is part of series of Playlist albums issued by Legacy Recordings.The album contains singles from all four of the band's studio albums with the exception of Last Time from Something Like Human. Also included are King for A Day from the Hazleton EP and Walk the Sky from the Godzilla soundtrack.
 Gods & Goddesses is the seventh solo album released from desert rock artist Brant Bjork. It features an all new band lineup including Billy Cordell (ex-bassist of Yawning Man).
 Background Music is the debut studio album by the American hardcore punk band Give Up the Ghost. The album was originally released on June 12 2001 through Equal Vision Records under the name American Nightmare but was later reissued in 2003 under the name Give Up the Ghost after another band named American Nightmare filed a cease and desist order. Background Music was also reissued in 2011 through Deathwish Inc. in celebration of the band's reunion shows.
 Prime Cuts is a compilation album by progressive metal band Shadow Gallery. This was the final release from the band on Magna Carta Records. The band compiled the track listing which consisted of 9 original studio cuts 2 edits and an original unreleased demo from the Carved In Stone sessions. This album contains no songs from the Room V album as that was released on Inside Out Records. The album was pressed with an error the track listing says track 1 is Mystery from the Tyranny album.
 Catch Me is the sixth Korean studio album (eleventh overall) by South Korean pop duo TVXQ. It was digitally released on September 24 2012 followed by a physical CD release on September 26 2012 by S.M. Entertainment and KMP Holdings.
 Altar is a collaboration album between Japanese doom band Boris and American drone doom duo Sunn O))) released on October 31 2006 through Southern Lord Records. A limited two-CD edition was released on October 23 via Southern Lord with a 28 minute bonus track with Sunn O))) Boris and Dylan Carlson titled Her Lips Were Wet with Venom.
 Khaooohs and Kon-Fus-Ion is the third and final album by avant-garde progressive death metal band Pan.Thy.Monium released in 1996.
 Coat of Charms is the seventieth studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the fortieth installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series. The album was part of a series of thirty-one pike albums that were released in close succession from one another during 2013.The album was announced as a digital version on December 11 and just like Twisterlend it was also released on two different limited edition. The first format consists of 300 copies of an untitled white album signed by Buckethead himself.
 Cross Section is an album by American jazz pianist Billy Taylor featuring tracks recorded in 1953 and 1954 for the Prestige label. The album rereleased eight tracks from 1954 which had originally been issued on the 10-inch LP Billy Taylor Plays for DJs along with four Mambo sides from 1953.
 Okie Baroque is the an EP by the Kansas City Missouri rock band Blackpool Lights. After touring to support their 2006 debut album This Town's Disaster the band dissolved in 2008 for unknown reasons. In early 2010 after the reunion of lead singer Jim Suptic's other band The Get Up Kids it was announced on Twitter that Blackpool Lights had reunited and was recording new material. The album was released online on November 30 2010.
 Early Recordings is an album by Joan Osborne released on November 5 1996.Except for His Eyes Are a Blue Million Miles it consists of live recordings mostly from Osborne's debut album Soul Show: Live at Delta 88.
 The Montgomery Brothers in Canada is an album by The Montgomery Brothers released in 1961.The Montgomery Brothers in Canada and The Montgomery Brothers were reissued in 1998 on one CD as a Wes Montgomery release titled Groove Brothers. The original LP had overdubbed crowd noise which was removed on its reissue on CD.
 Timeless is a multilingual album by Assamese musician Jim Ankan Deka. The album was recorded in 2012. The CD contains seven tracks while the digital version has only five tracks. The album is a tribute to Indian music maestros Dr. Bhupen Hazarika and Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan writer Bhabananda Deka and the National anthem of India.
 Teachings from the Electronic Brain is a compilation of songs from throughout the career of British band The Future Sound of London and was released in 2006. The diversity of their wide range of work is even more apparent on a compilation such as this.
 Coming Back Like a Song: 25 Hits 1941–47 is a 1998 compilation album of songs recorded by American singer Jo Stafford. The album was released by ASV on May 19 1998.
 The Dark Roads is the debut album by American rapper Seagram released January 19 1993 on Rap-A-Lot Records and Priority Records. The album features guest performances by labelmates: Scarface Ganksta N-I-P Bushwick Bill and Willie D. It peaked at number 74 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.Along with a single a music video was produced for the song The Vill.
 Speak Now World Tour – Live is the first live album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was released on November 21 2011 by Big Machine Records. The album consist of songs and performances recorded from various tour dates around the world of Swift's Speak Now World Tour. It debuted at number eleven on the US Billboard 200 chart with 77000 sold.
 Accelerate is the fourth album by the Christian pop group Jump5. It was released on October 7 2003. The album demonstrated the group's shift towards a pop/rock sound and was also the first album on which a member of the group had writing credits. Half of the album was made up of covers including Walking on Sunshine by Katrina and the Waves and Shining Star by Earth Wind & Fire.
 Let It Bloom is the Black Lips' third LP album released in 2005.
 Take Me as I Am is the first album by country artist Faith Hill released in 1993 on Warner Bros. Records and has been certified 3×platinum in the United States for sales of three million copies.Four singles were released from the album. The first two — Wild One and Piece of My Heart — reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in 1994.
 Addams Family Values: The Original Orchestral Score was one of the two soundtrack albums released in support of the 1993 film Addams Family Values the sequel to the 1991 film The Addams Family. The Original Orchestral Score featured selections from the film's incidental score music produced by composer Marc Shaiman and conducted by Academy Award nominee Artie Kane.
 Colouz Uv Sound was the only album by Simple E released on October 11 1994 through Fox Records.The album was mainly produced by Tony! Toni! Toné! member D'wayne Wiggins but Ali Shaheed Muhammad of A Tribe Called Quest and Mista Lawnge of Black Sheep also produced a song each on the album. Colouz Uv Sound spawned a semi-successful single entitled Play My Funk which was her only entry on the Billboard Hot 100 where it peaked at 72. The album itself only reached No.
 The Faithless is the debut full-length album by Nights Like These. It was released on June 13 2006 by Victory Records.
 WOW is a mini album by German electronica group Mouse on Mars. It was released on 2 November 2012. According to its press release the album was recorded within just a few weeks and will offer a more club-oriented counterpoint to [their previous album] Parastrophics with excursions into acid and bass music among other styles.The album marked the duo's first recorded collaboration with the vocalist Dao Anh Khanh producer Eric D. Clarke and the punk band Las Kellies.
 James Moody's Moods is an album by saxophonist James Moody composed of sessions recorded in 1954 and 1955 which was released on the Prestige label.
 Chimney's Afire is the second album by Australian singer-songwriter Josh Pyke. It was produced primarily by Pyke and released in 2008 on the Ivy League Records label.Chimney's Afire featured 2 songs on Triple J's Hottest 100 of 2008 with Make You Happy at number 29 and Lighthouse Song at number 27.
 Black Sheep of the American Dream is the sixth studio album by Death by Stereo released in April 2012. It is their first album released on Viking Funeral Records.
 Field of Crows is Fish's eighth solo studio album since he left Marillion in 1988 and the first since Fellini Days (2001). Released on Fish's own label Chocolate Frog Records Company retail distribution is now handled by Snapper Music.
 Morning Bugle is an album by John Hartford released in 1972. It is Hartford's second and final album for Warner Bros. Records. The music was all written by Hartford except for two traditional tunes and it was recorded at Bearsville Studios in Bearsville New York. The album features jazz double bassist Dave Holland who performs with both Hartford and Norman Blake for the very first time.
 Baron von Bullshit Rides Again is a live bootleg album by indie rock band Modest Mouse the first live CD unofficially and later officially released by the group. The live performance was recorded by Modest Mouse but was not officially released by the band. Instead only a small number of individuals could obtain a copy at the time by purchasing the album exclusively at Park Avenue CDs in Orlando. Later that year the album was made available on the Internet.
 Sultry Serenade is an album by American jazz flautist Herbie Mann featuring tracks recorded in 1957 for the Riverside label.
 Cozza Frenzy is the seventh full-length album by American electronic music artist Bassnectar released September 29 2009 on Om Records after 3 years in production. The album of 15 songs contains collaborations with artists including Fever Ray Zumbi of Zion I Mr. Projectile and Capital J.
 The Iron Behind the Velvet was recorded by Christy Moore after the first breakup of Planxty. It features his brother Barry Moore (Luka Bloom) on guitar & vocals as well as Planxty's Andy Irvine on mandolin bouzouki vocals and more. Also appearing are Noel Hill on concertinas Tony Linnane on fiddle Gabriel McKeon on Uilleann pipes Jimmy Faulkner on guitars and Rosemary Flanagan on cello.
 Rava on the Dance Floor is a live album by Italian jazz trumpeter and composer Enrico Rava with Parco della Musica Jazz Lab performing songs by Michael Jackson recorded in Italy in 2011 and released on the ECM label.
 Street Sounds Electro 7 is the seventh compilation album in a series and was released 1985 on the StreetSounds label. The album was released on LP and cassette and contains seven electro music and old school hip hop tracks mixed by Herbie Laidley.
 Bantu Village is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell which features arrangements by Monk Higgins recorded and released on the Blue Note label in 1969.
 Black and White is the third studio album by English new wave band The Stranglers. It was released on 12 May 1978 through record label United Artists.
 Meander is Carbon Leaf's first album. It was released in 1995 by the band's own label Constant Ivy Records.
 Left by Soft is a studio album by David Kilgour and the Heavy Eights. It was released in April 2011 under Merge Records.
 Early Years EP is a re-released version of Tiger Army's vinyl Temptation EP with the added bonus of a few demo songs and cover songs.
 Warning: Explicit Lyrics is an EP by industrial/hip hop artists Consolidated which was released in 1993. It consists of remixes of several tracks from earlier albums.
 Inspiration: A Tribute to Nat King Cole is a studio album by George Benson. The album was released by Concord Jazz on June 4 2013. It peaked at #89 on the Billboard album chart.
 Aggressor is the seventh studio album from German synthpop group And One released in 2003 by Virgin.It was the band's first album to feature no songs sung in English instead consisting completely of German-language tracks. Its style is close to that of their next album Bodypop but retains their previous sound at the same time.Krieger was released as the first and only single from the album.
 Axis of Evol is the second album by Pink Mountaintops released by Jagjaguwar in 2006. It was recorded in July 2005 at the Argyle Hotel and the Jackson Five House.
 A is the debut album by Cass McCombs and was released on May 20 2003 on Monitor Records.
 State of Control is a 1989 heavy metal album released by the Christian metal band Barren Cross. The album was produced by John Elefante of Kansas fame and his brother Dino.
 Imaginary Numbers is the seventh EP by American rock band The Maine. It was released on December 10 2013. This is the first acoustic EP of the band. Imaginary Numbers was written and produced by The Maine themselves.
 Love Is Blind is the third studio album released by dream pop/darkwave band Claire Voyant.Two tracks from the album Pieces and Twenty-Four Years as well as Iolite from their album Time Again appear on the soundtrack to the film Gypsy 83.
 Pre-Millennium Tension is the second album from Tricky released in 1996.
 Addison Road is the self-titled debut album from Christian rock band Addison Road. It was released on March 18 2008 and debuted at #182 on the Billboard 200. Three singles have been released off the album—All That Matters Sticking with You and Hope Now. The first two singles were the 9th and 15th most-played songs on R&R magazine's Christian CHR chart for 2008.
 Jurassic Shift is a studio album by British band Ozric Tentacles. It was first released in 1993 on the band's own label on Dovetail Records. In 1998 a re-release came from Snapper Music with one additional track. The album was released yet again in 2004 this time paired with Erpland in Snapper Music's Recall 2CD series. 2008 saw a remastered two CD/DVD set with extra tracks and live performances plus a 24 page booklet.
 What I Mean To Say Is Goodbye is a 2005 album by Tom Brosseau.
 Solid Ground is an album by country artist John Anderson. It was released in 1993 under BNA Records. The album includes the singles Money in the Bank (his final Number One hit) I've Got It Made I Fell in the Water and I Wish I Could Have Been There. Also included is Bad Love Gone Good which was written by Dave Robbins Van Stephenson and Henry Paul who comprised the band BlackHawk at the time. They later recorded this song on their 1995 album Strong Enough.
 Forty Reasons is the first studio album by drummer Chad Wackerman released in 1991 through CMP Records; it was later reissued together with Wackerman's 1993 album The View as a limited edition double-disc compilation.
 EP1 is a 2013 EP by American alternative rock band Pixies. Apart from the 2004 single Bam Thwok and a cover of Warren Zevon's Ain't That Pretty At All this EP along with the 2013 single Bagboy is the first new material from the band in more than 20 years. This is the first album they have released without founding member Kim Deal who quit earlier in the year.
 Exposed is the fourth solo album from singer Chanté Moore. The first single Straight Up became a moderate hit in some European countries but failed to make waves in the U.S peaking at #83 on the Billboard Pop Charts. The controversial 2nd single Bitter became a Top 40 hit on the Billboard Hip-Hop/R&B charts and brought the album back into the U.S Billboard charts in 2001 shortly after its release.
 Vice Re-Verses is an EP of remixed Switchfoot songs from the band's previous album Vice Verses.
 Ta tragoudia tis Amerikis (Greek: Τα τραγούδια της Αμερικής; English: The songs of America) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singers Stelios Kazantzidis and Marinella. It was released in 1991 by MBI (Music Box International) in Greece and it contains 20 rare recordings that were recorded by Stelios Kazantzidis and Marinella in 1959 and some of those were released on 7 rpm vinyl records in USA by NINA Records.
 Love Me (Chinese: 千面女孩) is Korean popstress Lee Jung Hyun's debut Mandarin studio album and her eighth album release. It was released on 11 March 2008 by Ocean Butterflies International. The album features 千面女孩 (Girl With a Thousand Faces) composed by Yoon Il Sang and the Chinese cover of A Perfect Man's Code and songs from her 2006 K-pop album Fantastic Girl.
 Came a Long Way is the tenth full-length album released by Haystak on July 21 2009. It was Haystak's second album of 2009. The album peaked at 39 on the Bilboard 200 R&B/Hip Hop Albums 22 on the Heakseekers Albums and 16 on the Rap Albums.
 Live in Les Baux de Provence is a live album by John Illsley with Cunla and Greg Pearle.
 There's Something for Everyone in America is an album by American guitarist Duck Baker released in 1979. It was reissued in 1994 on the Shanachie Records label with six bonus tracks.
 Lieder die wie Wunden bluten (German: songs that bleed like wounds) is the first studio album from Austrian darkwave band L'Âme Immortelle.
 Divergence is the second album by the Dutch progressive rock group Solution. It was released in 1972 on the EMI subsidiary Harvest Records.
 Photographs & Memories - His Greatest Hits is a 1974 compilation album by Jim Croce originally released on ABC Records. The album was released following Croce's 1973 death in an airplane crash. The inner photo jacket includes a tributatory essay on one side and a photo of Jim's son A.J. on the other. The title track originally appeared on the You Don't Mess Around with Jim LP as well as the B-side of the album title track single in 1972.
 Love Demolition is the debut album from New Zealand drummer singer song writer Zowie (Zoe Fleury) released on May 11 2012. Love Demolition has had glowing reviews. Pop Justice has already named Love Demolition One of the best Albums Of The Year.
 The Masters is a compilation album by The Stranglers.
 The Lost Masters is a compilation album by American new school pioneer Kool Keith.
 Chairmen of the Bored is the second album by crunk rap group Lord T & Eloise released in 2008 by Young Avenue Records.
 Keep It Pimp & Gangsta is the third album released by rap group Dirty. It was released on February 25 2003 through Universal Records and was produced by member Big Pimp and Mannie Fresh. Keep It Pimp & Gangsta is thus far Dirty's most successful album chart-wise peakin at #63 on the Billboard 200 and #13 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and was the duo's last album distributed by Universal as they would later join the famed Southern hip hop label Rap-a-Lot Records.
 Killuminati 2K11 is a mixtape by American hip-hop group Outlawz hosted by DJ Smallz and DJ Kay Slay released July 14 2011 for free download.
 Dylan & the Dead is a collaborative live album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan and the Grateful Dead released on February 6 1989 by Columbia Records. The album consists of seven songs written and sung by Dylan with the Grateful Dead providing accompaniment. The album was produced by Jerry Garcia and John Cutler.Dylan & the Dead was recorded in 1987 during a successful stadium tour of the same name.
 Forever is a studio album by Aled Jones and is his first non-seasonal studio album in four years. This album reached number 46 in the UK Album Chart.[citation needed]
 Gita is the second solo studio album by Brazilian musician Raul Seixas. It was released in 1974 shortly after he returned to Brazil (he was exiled in the United States by orders of the military régime). Gita is one of Raul's more critically acclaimed albums selling more than 600000 copies and receiving a Gold Certification by ABPD.The album shares its name with the religious Hindu epic poem Bhagavad Gita. The eponymous track also references the Bhagavad Gita heavily.
 Tu Cuca Madre Ataca de Nuevo is the second disc from Cuca a Mexican hard rock group originally from Guadalajara Jalisco recorded in 1993 in Surrey England.
 There's No 666 in Outer Space is the fourth full-length album by math rock band Hella. It is the follow-up to Church Gone Wild/Chirpin' Hard and was released by Ipecac Recordings on January 30 2007. It is the first Hella album to feature an expanded five-member line up and is also the first to feature vocals on every track.
 Trust in Few is the debut album of Ocala metalcore band We Are Defiance released in March 2011.
 How I Feel is the third studio album by Canadian country music artist Terri Clark. Released in 1998 on Mercury Nashville the album produced the singles Now That I Found You You're Easy on the Eyes Everytime I Cry and Unsung Hero. In the U.S. these singles respectively reached #2 #1 #13 and #47 on the Billboard country charts with You're Easy on the Eyes being her first #1 in that country. On the RPM country charts in Canada they reached #2 #1 #2 and #15.
 The Tobaccoland Chorus 30th Anniversary Show is an a cappella album by the Richmond chapter of SPEBSQSA a barbershop men's singing group called the Tobaccoland Chorus.
 Damnesia is an album by the punk rock band Alkaline Trio released July 12 2011 through their label Heart & Skull a joint venture with Epitaph Records. A primarily acoustic album it consists of a selection of beloved fan favorites selected from the group's extensive catalogue and presented in an intimate semi-unplugged format. The album also includes two new songs Olde English 800 and I Remember a Rooftop as well as a cover version of the Violent Femmes' I Held Her in My Arms.
 THREE is a British AOR release by former and current members of Graham Oliver's Saxon and Christie.
 Dominate is the third album by Adagio. The album was produced by Stephan Forté and Kevin Codfert and mixed at House Of Audio Studios in Germany by Dennis Ward. It is also the first and only Adagio album to feature Gus Monsanto on vocals.
 Wild Orchid is the self-titled debut and most successful album by American group Wild Orchid (featuring R&B hip hop and rap singer Stacy Ferguson Stefanie Ridel and Renee Sandstrom) released on March 23 1997 (see 1997 in music).
 Sticks and Stones is an album by American pianist Dave Grusin with his brother Don Grusin. It was released in 1988 recorded for the GRP label. The album reached #14 on Billboard's Contemporary Jazz chart.
 Be Still is the third album by Donna Lewis. This album is only available for purchase from her website. The first two tracks were re-released with different arrangements on her fourth studio album In The Pink.
 I Touch Roses: The Best of Book of Love is a best of compilation album by American synthpop and electronic band Book of Love released on March 13 2001 by Reprise Records.
 Skew Siskin is the debut studio album of the German hard rock band Skew Siskin.
 When Pigs Fly: Songs You Never Thought You'd Hear is a compilation album thought of and produced by musician Cevin Soling in 2002.
 No More Shall We Part is the eleventh studio album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds released on 2 April 2001 in the UK (and 10 April in the US). The album came after a 4-year gap from recording following the much acclaimed album The Boatman's Call. Cave had to overcome heavy heroin and alcohol addictions in 1999-2000 before starting work on the album. It was met with mostly positive reviews.
 Something Broadway Something Latin is an album by June Christy originally released in 1965 on Capitol as ST-2410. For the CD version a bonus ”singles” track was added. The album was later issued as a double-CD together with Jeri Southern Meets Cole Porter.
 Buster Poindexter is an eponymous album released by RCA Records in 1987 by Buster Poindexter the alter ego of New York Dolls frontman David Johansen. Johansen re-recorded the track Heart of Gold as Buster Poindexter which originally appeared on Johansen's 1981 solo album Here Comes the Night. The song Hot Hot Hot was a Billboard single and received heavy play on MTV.
 Shot Away is an album by English punk band Vice Squad. It was released in 1984 by Anagram Records and was re-released by Anagram on CD with bonus tracks in 1994. It was the only album recorded by Vice Squad without singer Beki Bondage and is the last album to feature founding members Dave Bateman (guitar) Mark Hambly (bass) and Shane Baldwin (drums).
 For Life is the second studio album by Soul for Real released on September 24 1996. The album was released quickly after their debut studio album Candy Rain. During that time Uptown Records founder Andre Harrell left the label to become the president at Motown Records. MCA Music Entertainment Group CEO Doug Morris promoted Heavy D. as the new president of Uptown several months before the release of For Life.
 Doin' Alright is the debut studio album by R&B singer O'Bryan.
 World of Noise is the debut album recorded by the band Everclear. It was recorded in a friend's basement for $400 with Art Alexakis on vocals/lead guitar Craig Montoya on bass Scott Cuthbert on drums and was released in 1993 by Tim Kerr Records.
 Flat Out is a studio album by jazz musician John Scofield.
 Solemn on Stage is Joey Yung's third Cantonese full length studio album released on 11 October 2001. This album was considered different compared to Joey's past albums as it had a more variety of pop and less R&B and lead Joey's music to a new direction more like the music she is releasing now. This album included the theme of Joey's second solo concert and first solo concert series ~H2O+ Solemn on Stage Live 2001.
 Taylor's Tenors is the second studio album by drummer Art Taylor. It was recorded and released in 1959 for Prestige sub-label New Jazz as NJ 8219. The album was reissued on CD once in 1995.
 Home Recording Sampler is a three track sampler CD by Fionn Regan that was limited to 300 copies all of which had hand painted sleeves and were hand numbered.
 Mechanical Animals is the third full-length studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson. It was released on September 14 1998 in Australia and on September 15 1998 in the US Germany and France through Nothing and Interscope Records. A rock opera concept album it is the second installment in a trilogy which includes Antichrist Superstar and Holy Wood (In the Shadow of the Valley of Death).
 Viva Tour (En Vivo) is the second live album by Mexican recording artist Thalía. It was released on November 12 2013 by Sony Music Mexico in Mexico and was released in the United States on December 1 2013 by Sony Music Latin and later on globally by Sony Music Entertainment. The album was released as a full concert on the following formats : CD + DVD DVD and Blu-ray. The DVD format includes also a behind-the-scenes documentary about Thalia's preparation for the tour.
 Barbarossa is a 1996 industrial album by the UK band Cubanate. The track Joy from the album has been released as a single.
 Hush is the second studio album by South Korean-Chinese girl group Miss A. The album was released on November 6 2013 and contains thirteen songs. It has topped various charts around South Korea.Hush served as its lead single.
 Local Band Does OK is Umphrey's McGee's second studio album and the first studio album to feature Jake Cinninger and Andy Farag. This album also marks the final studio appearance of original drummer Mike Mirro who has since been replaced by the band's current drummer Kris Myers. The album contains extensive forays into progressive rock and large-scale composition.
 Passion is the ninth studio album by English neo-progressive rock group Pendragon. It was released as a special edition in April 11 2011 on Madfish a division label of Snapper Music and in regular form through Toff Records the band's own imprint. Two packaging formats of the Madfish album exist digi-book and super jewel case both accompanied by a DVD featuring a behind-the-scenes footage titled 'Progumentary' filmed by the band themselves during the recording of the album.
 I Don't Remember Ever Growing Up is the final studio album by American pop singer Andy Williams and was released in the UK by the Demon Music Group in 2007. In the liner notes of the album Williams writes Over the past few years I have come across songs that I really wanted to record.
 Vol 2: Systematic/Automatic is the third full length album second live album and final release of the Australian hard rock/funk rock band Mammal continuing their motto of releasing one record a year alternating live and studio. The album was released in CD/DVD format.
 Living in the U.S.A. is a budget compilation package with songs by The Steve Miller Band assembled by CEMA Special Markets and released in 1990. It features material from the band's 1968-1973 albums and despite being only a budget release it has been certified gold in the United States. An earlier version with this title was a 1971 budget reissue of their second album Sailor (Capitol SF-719).[citation needed]
 Russell Hitchcock is the self-titled debut album by Russell Hitchcock best known as the lead singer of Air Supply released in 1988. The album didn't reach the charts though singles The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine Anymore and Where Did the Feeling Go? had minor recognition.As a solo artist Hitchcock would later release several more singles the most famous being Swear to Your Heart from the film Arachnophobia.
 Live at the Padget Rooms Penarth was the sixth album by Man released in September 1972.
 The 88 is the debut album from New Zealand band Minuit.The album achieved gold certification in New Zealand.
 Ok is the debut release of tabla player and music producer Talvin Singh and it was nine months in the making. The title was chosen because of the universality of the word OK which can be understood almost anywhere in the world. It is mostly a reinterpretation of Indian classical music with flute sitar and tabla.
 Blast is an album by the British musician Holly Johnson of Frankie Goes to Hollywood. It was released in 1989 and reached number 1 in the UK charts and sold over 300000 copies making it platinum. The album stayed on the charts for 17 weeks. The album featured hits Love Train Americanos Atomic City and Heavens Here. The album was re-released in November 2009 and again in November 2010.Johnson recently marked Love Will Come and Heaven's Here as his favourite tracks from the album.
 Crimson released in January 2000 on Century Media is an album by the Finnish heavy metal band Sentenced. The album artwork was done by Niklas Sundin of Dark Tranquillity.
 The Ol' Razzle Dazzle is the third studio album by Australian singer-songwriter Missy Higgins and was released by Eleven on 1 June 2012. Higgins began work on the album after a quiet retreat from the industry to refocus her life on other pursuits including attending University and living in a share house.
 Inroads is an album by American banjoist Béla Fleck released in 1986.
 Ed Rec Vol. X is a compilation for the ten years of the Ed Banger Records. It was released on June 10th 2013. The compilation is available as an unmixed CD a gatefold LP and a 6x12 vinyl boxset which also includes the unmixed CD version.
 This article describes the 44th album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 44 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 44 is the 44th edition of the Now! series in the United States and was released on November 6 2012.
 Testify to Love: The Very Best of Avalon is Avalon's seventh release—the group's first greatest hits collection—and is titled appropriately after the quartet's hit Testify to Love. It is the first album showcasing Melissa Greene who replaced Cherie Adams and the last album featuring founding member Michael Passons. Although mostly consisting of previous radio hits three new songs were added—New Day Everything to Me and Pray with a bonus Christmas song.
 The Rough Guide to African Disco is a world music compilation album originally released in 2013 featuring mainly 1970s and 80s African disco. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the album contains two discs: an overview of the genre on Disc One and a bonus Disc Two highlighting Cameroonian artist Maloko. Disc One features five South African tracks four Nigerian two Ghanaian and one each from Cameroon & France.
 Kinksize Session is the first EP released by The Kinks in the UK in 1964 a month after their debut LP.
 Heritage is the tenth studio album by Swedish band Opeth. It was released on 14 September 2011 through Roadrunner Records. The album was recorded in early 2011 at Atlantis/Metronome Studios in Stockholm and produced by Mikael Åkerfeldt engineered by Janne Hansson and mixed by Steven Wilson. A critical and commercial success the album sold 19000 units in the United States in its debut week charting at number 19 on the Billboard 200.
 The Bootleg Series Vol. 8: Tell Tale Signs: Rare and Unreleased 1989–2006 is a compilation album by singer-songwriter Bob Dylan in his official bootleg series of rare and unissued recordings. It was originally released as a double and (limited edition) triple album. It was later released as a single album consisting of disc one of the double set.
 Where Forever Begins is the second studio album by American country music artist Ken Mellons. Released in 1995 on Epic Records it contains the singles Workin' for the Weekend Rub-a-Dubbin' and Stranger in Your Eyes. The first two singles were both #39 hits on the Billboard country charts in 1995. He Ain't Even Cold Yet was later recorded by Gretchen Wilson on her 2005 album All Jacked Up.
 Heat Wave is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in 1966 and released on the Cadet label.
 Losing at Life is the newest record from Classic Case which is produced by Page Hamilton of Helmet fame and was released on Fearless Records on February 20 2007.
 25 Years Celebration is a double album by The Dubliners. Recorded in 1987 and charted in the UK at No.43 and No.1 in Ireland. The album released following a special Late Late Show appearance by the group 25 Years Celebration featured a number of special guests and featured The Irish Rover a collaboration with The Pogues which returned The Dubliners to Top Of The Pops 20 years after they first performed Seven Drunken Nights on that show.
 Lifter Puller is the debut album by the Minneapolis band of the same name. It was released on April 18 1997 by Skene and came out a month later in Italy. The album introduced a number of characters and themes central to later Lifter Puller releases despite being characterized by a markedly inchoate version of their later sound. According to the Village Voice it was in fact the one time they ever sounded like a generic indie-rock band [1].
 Cyber Trance presents ELT Trance is the first trance music remix album by Japanese duo Every Little Thing. It was released simultaneously with house remixes compiltation The Remixes III: Mix Rice Plantation on February 27 2002 by Avex Trance. The album contains remixes of tracks from her their first four studio albums from Everlasting to 4 Force.All the remixes included in the album are edit versions.
 Private City is a solo album by English saxophonist John Surman released on the ECM label in 1987.
 A Matter of Life and Death is the fourteenth studio album by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden released on 25 August 2006 in Italy and Finland and 28 August worldwide excluding the US Canada and Japan on 5 September.
 A Nation of Bears is the second full-length CD release from the Daniel Bennett Group. The album was released on April 13 2007 on the Bennett Alliance label.
 Thunderbyrd is American singer-songwriter and guitarist Roger McGuinn's 5th solo studio album released in 1977 on the Columbia Records label. Following the success of his 1976 album Cardiff Rose McGuinn intended to make another album in collaboration with its producer Mick Ronson. This project however never materialized. Instead he put together a new band Thunderbyrd and recorded this album with them.
 Ayer deseo hoy realidad (English: Desire yesterday reality today) is the first solo album by the Argentine musician Ricardo Iorio known for leading Argentine metal clusters as notable V8 Hermética and Almafuerte. The album contains emblematic songs of Argentine rock in the early years versioned by Iorio.
 Out for the Night an album by The Battlefield Band was released in 2004 on the Temple Records label.
 Bite the Bullet is the second solo studio album from singer-songwriter Karl Wolf released internationally first in 2007 under EMI Arabia. The Canadian release was April 7 2009 by Lone Wolf Records which was due in part to the successful single Africa that reached #2 in Billboard's Canadian Hot 100 for four consecutive weeks on the charts dated between March 14 and April 11 2009. The single was also certified 3x Platinum by the CRIA.
 Milsap Magic is the eleventh studio album by Country singer Ronnie Milsap. It was released in 1980 under the RCA Records label. The two A-side singles from the album Why Don't You Spend the Night and My Heart reached #1 on the Billboard country chart and two B-sides Silent Night (After the Fight) and Misery Loves Company also received airplay as double-sided singles.
 Everready (The Religion) is the fifth studio album by rapper Tech N9ne. The album was released in 2006 as a Collector's Edition CD that contains a second CD featuring 14 songs from Tech N9ne as well as other Strange Music artists. Jellysickle & My Wife My Bitch My Girl also appeared on the 25 To Life video game soundtrack while a censored version of The Beast was featured on the soundtrack to Madden NFL 06 released in 2005.
 Grandma What Great Songs You Sang! is the debut studio album by American pop and country artist Brenda Lee. The album was released on August 3 1959 on Decca Records and was produced by Owen Bradley. The album was Brenda Lee's only studio album released during the 1950s.
 Good Morning Magpie is the fifth full-length album by the band Murder By Death released on April 6th 2010. It is their second release through Vagrant Records.
 Scatology is the first LP and a second album produced by Coil.Scatology was released in three different formats with two different covers.
 'Gamma Knife' (or Gamma Knife/Grey Dream) is the fifth album by avant-garde metal group Kayo Dot. The album was self-released independently through Driver's Ice Level Records via Bandcamp on January 4 2012 after a crowdfunding project via Kickstarter and leaving Hydra Head Records. It was recorded live mostly at Brooklyn New York venue Littlefield on October 5 2011 despite also being partially recorded at frontman Toby Driver's residence in late 2011.
 Fourthcoming is an album by FourPlay String Quartet. Fourthcoming their fourth album and their first to be recorded live was released July 3 2009.It follows the trend of their previous album Now to the Future containing more originals than covers.
 Black Eye Blues is the second studio album by the American hardcore band Lewd Acts. The album was released on September 1 2009 through Deathwish Inc. Black Eye Blues was met with generally positive reviews. NME said the song Night-Crawlers is a melodic welt to be worn proudly. The illustrations for Black Eye Blues were done by Tyler Densley and the design and packaging were done by Jacob Bannon of Converge. The album was produced by Kurt Ballou also of Converge.
 Without Sinking is the second album from Icelandic artist Hildur Guðnadóttir release in 2009. Participating on the album is fellow Icelandic musicians Skúli Sverrisson and Jóhann Jóhannsson as well as her father Guðni Franzson while the mixing was done by Valgeir Sigurðsson and Hildur herself.
 Totally Hits 2002: More Platinum Hits is an album in the Totally Hits series reaching #21 on the US Billboard 200 albums chart.The album is RIAA Certified Platinum selling over 1000000 copies
 Time to Echolocate is the debut album by American indie-rock band The Ebb and Flow released in 2005.[1]
 Vivo is the second live album recorded by singer Luis Miguel. It was released on 3 October 2000.This concert was recorded on April 17 2000 in Monterrey Mexico during the last presentation of Luis Miguel's Amarte Es Un Placer Tour in Mexico. For this recording the artist received a Latin Grammy nomination on 2001 for Best Male Pop Vocal Album and also a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album on 43rd Grammy Awards.
 Artificial Soldier is an album by Vancouver industrial band Front Line Assembly released in 2006. This is the first Front Line Assembly album to feature new member Jeremy Inkel.
 For the BUX album see We Came to Play.We Came to Play! is an album by Tower of Power released in 1978. It marked the debut of singer Michael Jeffries who would stay with TOP through the mid-1980s. Also Steve Cropper (of Booker T. & The M.G.'s fame) produced this album. This album is also noted for featuring Victor Conte the future founder of the controversial BALCO on bass and who is also the cousin of band guitarist Bruce Conte.
 Close-Up Vol. 3 States of Being is the tenth studio album released by New York-based singer/songwriter and musician Suzanne Vega. The album consists of re-recordings of songs from Vega's back catalogue with stripped-down arrangements that highlight her lyrics and melodies. The songs included are her most haunting songs which Suzanne used to call the “Mental Health” songs.
 Soul is the sixth studio album by British singer Seal which was released on 10 November 2008. The album was produced by David Foster and co-produced engineered and mixed by Jochem van der Saag. It is made up of cover versions of eleven soul music classics.The album charted within the top 10 in twelve countries. In the United Kingdom the album charted at number twelve. As of January 2012 the album had sold 419841 copies in the UK.
 WOW Essentials includes twelve songs on a single CD. It presents some of the best songs on the contemporary Christian music scene. The album reached No. 13 on the Top Christian Albums chart in 2008.
 Roadhouse Sun is the second studio album by Ryan Bingham & The Dead Horses it was first released on June 2 2009 (2009-06-02) by Lost Highway Records.
 Lick It Up is the eleventh studio album by American rock band Kiss. On the day of its release the band members appeared on MTV without their trademark makeup. It was the first public appearance without makeup by Kiss since their very early days. The title track Lick It Up remains a staple of the ensemble's live performances having been played over 900 times as of September 2012.
 Dream Walkin' is the fourth studio album from American country music artist Toby Keith. His last studio album for Mercury Records (by this point all of PolyGram's Nashville operations were consolidated under the Mercury name) it was certified gold by the RIAA for sales of 500000 copies. The tracks We Were in Love I'm So Happy I Can't Stop Crying Dream Walkin' and Double Wide Paradise were all released as singles.
 The Longest Barrel Ride is the second album by the band Slightly Stoopid released by Skunk Records on November 21 1998. This album incorporates various elements of reggae punk and ska. The track Violence/FTP contains a re-recording of Fuck The Police from their earlier album Slightly $toopid.
 Live at Red Rocks is the fourth live album of The John Butler Trio. It was recorded on 4 June 2010 at Red Rocks Amphitheatre and was streamed live to fans around the world at Livestream. The album was released in July 2011.
 Tried and True is the fifth full length studio album released by Clay Aiken on June 1 2010. This album is Aiken's first release on the Decca label. The deluxe edition includes two additional tracks plus a second disk with behind the scenes video and a live performance.
 The Best of Billy Ray Cyrus: Cover to Cover is a greatest hits album released in 1997 by country music artist Billy Ray Cyrus. It features three newly released tracks — It's All the Same to Me Cover to Cover and Bluegrass State of Mind — as well as a reprise of Trail of Tears from his 1996 album of the same name. It's All the Same to Me was a Top 20 hit for Cyrus in 1997 on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 Slow Motion Daydream is an album by Everclear that was released (in the U.S.) by Capitol Records on March 11 2003 (see 2003 in music). Recorded in 2002. The first single released to radio from Slow Motion Daydream was Volvo Driving Soccer Mom followed by second single The New York Times.Though the album debuted better than the band's last album at 33 on the Billboard charts the album quickly fell off the charts due to lack of promotion by Capitol Records and a dwindling fan base.
 All in the Family is the debut studio album from Lordz of Brooklyn it was released on April 18 1995 by American Recordings.
 Yann Tiersen & Shannon Wright is a collaboration album between French musician Yann Tiersen and American singer and songwriter Shannon Wright.
 Sweet James Jones Stories is the solo debut album by Pimp C. Released on Rap-A-Lot Records. Producers include N.O. Joe Leroy Williams Wendell Springer & Mike Dean. Recording for the album took place at Dean's List House of Hits located in Houston Texas.There also exists a bootleg version of the album with a slightly different track listing recorded by Pimp C while he was in jail.
 Now in a Minute is the debut album by Donna Lewis released in 1996. The album is best known for the single I Love You Always Forever which broke airplay records on U.S. and U.K. charts and spawned a remix single. Two other singles taken from the album are Without Love and Mother. The tracks Simone and Agenais are quite serene in comparison to the rest of the album and border on dream pop reminiscent of Julee Cruise's early work.
 Mas Borracho is the fourth album by Infectious Grooves released in 2000. The title as written on the album is but drunk in Spanish. However it is most likely is a misspell of más borracho meaning more drunk or drunker.
 Adrenalize is the fifth studio album by English rock band Def Leppard released in 1992 through Mercury Records. The album was the first by the band following the 1991 death of guitarist Steve Clark. It was produced by Mike Shipley and Def Leppard with Robert John Mutt Lange as executive producer. The album charted at #1 on The Billboard 200 and #1 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Poco: The Songs of Richie Furay is a compilation album consisting of songs by Richie Furay during his tenure with the band Poco released in 1980.
 Chet Atkins Picks on The Beatles is the title of a 1966 RCA Victor LP by American guitarist Chet Atkins. Atkins interprets a selection of songs by The Beatles on this album.
 Voltunteers is the eighth full-length studio album by British post-punk band Spear of Destiny. The album features a re-recording of their greatest hit Never Take Me Alive.
 Algo Natural is the ninth studio album recorded by Mexican singer Alejandra Guzmán and it was released on September 14 1999.
 Humanimal was the third studio album by hard rock band Talisman released on 25 May 1994 (Part 1) and 19 October 1994 (Part 2) on Polydor Records.The recordings took place in Sound Trade Studios with the help of Ronny Lahti. The final album recorded and mixed in 22 days was 22 tracks. This led to JSS & MJ discussing a double CD but since almost all the material would fit on one CD they finally opted for a single CD with all the best tracks.
 Book of Dogma is a compilation by IDM artists Ken Downie Ed Handley and Andy Turner aka The Black Dog which was released in 2007. The two CDs compile the band's first six EPs the second CD in fact being a re-release of the 1995 compilation Parallel.
 MVP is a compilation album by various artists. It includes the hit song by Don Omar Dale Don Dale.
 Elaine MacKenzie is the second album by Chicago pop band Green released in 1987 on Pravda Records.
 Field Commander Cohen: Tour of 1979 is a live album by Leonard Cohen released in 2001. Songs were recorded live at the Hammersmith Odeon London on 4 5 and December 6 1979 and at the Dome Theatre Brighton on December 15 1979.
 Second Light (subtitled An Original Dreadzone Sound Adventure) is the second album by the British band Dreadzone. It was released on Virgin Records in 1995. John Peel had supported their first album 360° giving it heavy airplay as he also did for Second Light which he cited as one of his favourite albums of all time. The album was heavily represented in the Festive Fifty for 1995.
 Blood Sweat & No Tears is the third and final album from hip hop group Stetsasonic. Producer Prince Paul acclaimed for his work with De La Soul continued a successful production career. Paul and Frukwan became members of the popular horrorcore group Gravediggaz along with Poetic and The RZA. Daddy-O also went on to produce popular artists during the 1990s.
 The Beatles with Tony Sheridan & Guests was an American album featuring Cry for a Shadow a track recorded by The Beatles in Hamburg in 1961 with five tracks recorded in Hamburg in 1961 in which The Beatles provided backing music for vocalist Tony Sheridan some of which had been released in Germany under the name Tony Sheridan and The Beat Brothers because the word Beatles sounded too much like peedles a rude word in German.
 Snafu 10-31-'91 is the second live album by The Radiators and their sixth album overall.
 MAD Secret Concerts: Despina Vandi Live is the fourth video album by Greek singer Despina Vandi released in 2006 by Heaven Music in Greece and Cyprus.
 Selected Ambient Works 85–92 (or Selected Ambient Works 85 to 92) is an ambient techno album by Richard D. James under the pseudonym of Aphex Twin. This is his third release and debut studio album under this alias. It was released in 1992 on the Belgian techno label Apollo. An analogue remaster was released in 2006 and a digital remaster was released in 2008. Selected Ambient Works 85–92 is considered by many music critics to be one of the pioneering works in IDM and electronic dance music.
 Verbalni Delikt is the last album by Croatian rapper General Woo. Verbalni Delikt was named one of the best in 2011. The album was put on digital download 11. October 2011. on MTV's web site.The album features artists such as: Ivana Husar Brka Kandžija... The albums singles are Znam and Ništa se ne mijenja.
 Vengo a Cobrar is an album by rapper Mellow Man Ace released in 2004.
 The Happiest Place in Town is the second LP album by Australian rock/pop group Do-Re-Mi and was released by Virgin Records in August 1988. The album has twelve tracks which were written by lead vocalist Deborah Conway drummer Dorland Bray bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip. Adultery was released as an EP/CD single in 1987 it peaked at #22 on the National singles charts and also appears on this album.
 Kirari (Sparkling in English) is Dazzle Vision's fifth album and only full-feature album containing 12 songs. Kirari was released on June 3 2011 by Human Noise records. To date Kirari is Dazzle Vision's most successful album topping HMV's charts.
 Beaubourg is a 1978 album by the Greek artist Vangelis. It is entirely synthesizer-based and highly experimental; together with Hypothesis (recorded in 1971 and unofficially released in 1978) it is often considered to be one of Vangelis' least accessible works.
 The Seduction of Ingmar Bergman is the 22nd album by American rock/pop group Sparks released in August 2009. The duo's first pop musical Seduction is built around an imaginary visit to Hollywood by Swedish film director Ingmar Bergman in the mid-1950s. Its storyline focuses on the divides between European and American culture between art and commerce.
 Alright Still is the debut studio album by British pop singer-songwriter Lily Allen released on 14 July 2006 by Regal Recordings. After being rejected by several labels Allen signed to London Records who eventually lost interest in Allen leading her to meet Future Cut and sign to Regal records.
 Aishiteiru to Ittekure (愛していると云ってくれ) is the fourth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima released in April 1978. Five months before the album came out she topped on the Oricon singles chart with a song The Parting Song (Wakareuta) which was released as her fifth single in September 1977. The album features her commercial breakthrough single and another well-known song World's Context (Sejou).
 The Bobby Vinton Show was Bobby Vinton's twenty-seventh studio album and his third studio album for ABC Records. It was released in 1975. It features 13 songs that were sung by Vinton on his half-hour variety show of the same name. The album begins with the show's theme song an instrumental version of Vinton's huge hit My Melody of Love; otherwise the remainder of the tracks are cover versions of popular songs of the 1960s and early 1970s.
 Miss Happiness is the name of the first album by Walt Mink released in 1992. Hailed by many as Walt Mink's shining moment Miss Happiness is described by allmusic.com as one of the brightest alternative debut albums of the 1990s.
 A 77-minute original cast recording of Harry Connick Jr.'s Tony nominated score from the 2001 Broadway musical Thou Shalt Not.Music and lyrics by Connick who does not sing on this album but plays the piano as an additional musician and does the orchestrations and arrangements and is a producer on the album. Released 18 June 2002 from Papa's-June Music on Amazon.comProducers: Tracey Freeman Harry Connick Jr.Length: 1:17:24↑
 Slightly $toopid is the first full-length album by Slightly Stoopid and was released in 1996 on Skunk Records. On the original 1996 Skunk Records print the CD included two hidden tracks after To A Party. The first hidden song is Prophet with the late Bradley Nowell of Sublime playing bass. The second hidden song is Marley Medley which contains Guava Jelly and This Train both Bob Marley covers.
 En Vivo is a live recording made on the 26 and 27 August 2005 in ND Ateneo Buenos Aires Argentina by the Selección Nacional de Tango a reunion of some of the best-known tango performers in the country with the musicians alternating between the roles of performer and arranger which is unusual in tango. The album won the Premios Gardel for best tango album in 2007.
 Surrender is the debut studio album by R&B group Kut Klose. It was released on March 14 1995 through Elektra Records and was mostly produced by the group's mentor Keith Sweat. The album was met with mild commercial success making it to three Billboard charts including 66 on the Billboard 200. Three singles were released from the album.
 Los Super Seven is a studio album released by supergroup Los Super Seven. It was released in September 15 1998 by RCA Nashville. Freddy Fender and Flaco Jiménez both from Texas Tornados formed Los Super Seven along Joe Ely Rick Trevino David Hidalgo and Cesar Rosas (of the Los Lobos' fame) and Tejano vocalist Ruben Ramos. The album peaked at number-one in the Billboard Regional Mexican Albums chart and reached top ten in the Billboard Top Latin Song chart.
 Letherette is the first studio album by English producers Letherette. It was released on 15 April 2013 by Ninja Tune.
 Delìrium Còrdia is the third full-length album by Fantômas. It was released on Ipecac Recordings in 2004.
 Trilogija 2: Devičanska ostrva (Serbian Cyrillic: Трилогија 2: Девичанска острва trans. Trilogy 2: Virgin Islands) is the second EP from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba. It is the second part of the Riblja Čorba trilogy released during 2005 and 2006. The band considers EPs Trilogija 1: Nevinost bez zaštite Trilogija 2: Devičanska ostrva and Trilogija 3: Ambasadori loše volje three parts of the studio album titled Trilogija although all three were released separately.
 Sny aniołów is the second studio album of Polish Progressive rock group Quidam released 1998. It was released simultaneously in Poland by Rock-Serwis and in the rest of the world by Musea Records. The latter version was retitled Angels' Dreams and featured re-recorded vocals in English. The album introduced Jacek Zasada as new flute player replacing Ewa Smarzynska.
 Vagabond Bones is a studio album by heavy metal band Helix released on November 17 2009. It is Helix' 12th full length studio album and 21st album released overall. It contains performances from members of the 80's Helix lineup: Brian Vollmer Brent Doerner Daryl Gray and Greg Hinz as well as former member and co-producer Sean Kelly. Kelly departed Helix during the production of Vagabond Bones prompting the reunion of the 80's band.
 Noah is the debut studio album from American Tenor Noah Stewart. It was released in the United Kingdom on March 26 2012.
 Tear the Roof Off: 1974-1980 is a 2-CD compilation album by the funk group Parliament featuring songs recorded for Casablanca Records during the band's career with that label from 1974 to 1980. The compilation was released in 1993. The compilation includes some single edits and extended 12-inch single edits of selected songs but no previously unreleased material except for a slightly longer version of Testify that restores a deleted guitar introduction.
 Duochrome is a live album by Dave Cousins. It was originally released as a bonus disc for the first 1000 buyers of the Strawbs album The Broken Hearted Bride through their label's on-line shop. Popular demand prompted an independent release later that year.
 Three Suite Piece is an album of music released by René Lussier Chris Cutler and Jean Derome. The album was released on Cutler's Recommended Records label in 1996.As per its title the Three Suite Piece contains three extended compositions from Lussier Derome and Cutler. The first track La suite des trois pommes is taken from the film score of a 1987 production by Jacques Leduc.
 Not to be confused with Road to Nowhere.Nowhere Road is the first solo album by ex-Savoy Brown vocalist Chris Youlden released in 1973. The album featured a number of well-known session musicians including Chris Spedding Ray Fenwick Roy Babbington and ex-Fleetwood Mac guitarist Danny Kirwan.A single was released in March 1973 to accompany the album: Nowhere Road / Standing on the Corner.
 The Garden is the fourth studio album from Canadian collective Bran Van 3000. It was released on October 19 2010.The first single was Grace (Love on the Block) released on September 7 2010.The album debuted at #17 on the Canadian Albums Chart.
 So Long and Thanks for All the Shoes is the seventh studio album by the American punk rock band NOFX. It was released on November 11 1997 through Epitaph Records.
 The Hands That Thieve is the fifth studio album by the American ska-punk band Streetlight Manifesto. It is their first studio album since 2010's 99 Songs of Revolution: Vol. 1 and their first album of original material since 2007's Somewhere in the Between. In addition to the Streetlight album an acoustic version of the album (titled The Hand That Thieves) was intended to be released by Toh Kay but was canceled.
 Blue Lotus Feet is the name of a Bonnie 'Prince' Billy EP released on UK record label Domino Records in 1998. It consists of the One with the Birds / Southside of the World single (previously released on Palace Records in the U.S. the same year) as well as five Hare Krishna songs first performed live by Oldham during a session for VPRO's De Avonden broadcast on Dutch radio on 15 October 1998.
 Beauty and the Beard is an album by Al Hirt released by RCA Victor. Ann-Margret was featured on the album. The album was arranged by Marty Paich and produced by Steve Sholes.The album landed on the Billboard 200 chart in 1964 reaching #84.
 The Incredible Sound Machine is the fifth and final album by old school hip hop/electro funk group Mantronix and the third Mantronix album released on Capitol Records. The Incredible Sound Machine featured new member vocalist Jade Trini who replaced D.J. D.
 The Four Freshmen and Five Guitars - A 1959 album by The Four Freshmen
 Borderline (1996) is the fourth studio album by country music duo Brooks & Dunn. Released in 1996 on Arista Records the album produced five singles on the Hot Country Songs charts for the duo: the Number One hit My Maria (a cover of a pop tune originally recorded by B. W. Stevenson) the #2 I Am That Man the #13 Mama Don't Get Dressed Up for Nothing (their first non-Top 10 single) another #1 in A Man This Lonely and finally Why Would I Say Goodbye at #8.
 Jazz Original also known as Bud Powell '57 is a studio album by jazz pianist Bud Powell released in 1955 by Norgran featuring sessions that Powell recorded at Fine Sound Studios in New York in 1954 and 1955.The album was re-issued by Norgran as Bud Powell '57 in 1957 re-issued again on LP by Verve and released on CD also as Bud Powell '57 by Verve in 2005 all with the same track listing as the original LP.
 First Comes First is The Paddingtons' debut album released on 31 October 2005.The Paddingtons are English Indie Rock band from Kingston Upon Hull.
 Slightly Odway is the debut album by Australian alternative rock band Jebediah released on 8 September 1997 by Murmur Records. The album reached a peak of number 7 on the ARIA Albums Chart due to the success of tracks like Leaving Home and Military Strongmen and number 2 on the ARIA alternative charts.
 The Lost Masters 1969–1972 is an album by The New Kingston Trio recorded in 1969 to 1972 and released in 1997.
 Them is the first studio album by American underground hip hop duo Themselves when they were known as Them. It was released on Anticon in 2000 and reissued in 2003.
 Nugent is the seventh studio album by American hard rock guitarist Ted Nugent released in 1982.
 A New Hope is the first studio album by American Indie pop band Minipop.
 Michel Plays Petrucciani is a jazz album by Michel Petrucciani Blue Note catalogue number CDP 7 48679 2.The album was recorded during two sets of sessions with tracks 1-5 recorded on 24 September 1987 with Gary Peacock and Roy Haynes and the remaining tracks over 9 and 10 December of the same year with Eddie Gomez and Al Foster.
 Neon Icon is the upcoming second studio album by American rapper Riff Raff. The album is scheduled to be released during June 2014 by Diplo's Mad Decent record label. Riff Raff enlisted collaborators including Drake Wiz Khalifa Mac Miller A$AP Rocky YG Snoop Dogg Future Juicy J Bun B Paul Wall Action Bronson Amber Coffman Mike Posner Big Sean 2 Chainz and Skylar Grey during the recording process.
 Hey! Bob! My Friend! is the debut US release for the Japanese synth-rock band Polysics.The album consists of various tracks from the band's earlier Japanese-only releases 1st P and A.D.S.R.M!.
 Watch Out is the fifth album by the Spanish group Barrabás released in 1975. The album was later re-released on CD in Spain as Desperately.American jazz musician Herbie Mann featured in the recording of the album after his hit cover of Barrabás' song Hi Jack which was released earlier that year. Also appearing was American saxophonist Michael Brecker.
 The Bad Boy: The Most Wanted Edition is a compilation album by Hector El Father after the original Bad Boy album The Bad Boy was released the previous year.
 Get Money Stay True is the third studio album by rapper Paul Wall released on April 3 2007. It debuted at number eight on the Billboard 200 with 92000 copies sold in its first week.
 Growing Up in Public is the second album by English actor and singer Jimmy Nail produced by Nail Guy Pratt and Danny Schogger and released in 1992 on the Warner Music UK label. Included is the single Ain't No Doubt a UK chart topper for three weeks in July 1992. Three further singles were released of which only Laura charted at #58. Growing Up in Public reached #2 on the UK Albums Chart.Contributors to the album include George Harrison David Gilmour Gary Moore and Sam Brown.
 Bill (1973) is a compilation album of previously released material by Bill Cosby. All the routines are edited down compared to their original appearances on previous albums some slightly some considerably.
 Belly to Belly is the fifth studio album by American rock band Warrant. The record was released on October 1 1996 through CMC International. The album features Ex Beggars & Thieves drummer Bobby Borg who replaced James Kottak. It is the last Warrant album of all original material to feature Jani Lane on vocals.
 24 Hour Revenge Therapy is the third album by the American punk band Jawbreaker released on Tupelo Recording Company and Communion Records in 1994.
 Council Estate Of Mind is a 2004 album by English rapper Skinnyman. It was produced by DJ Flip Stoned Soldiers Adam M and others. Heavily autobiographical and socially analytical[citation needed] the album makes much use of samples from Made in Britain a British film from the early 1980s. The album spent 1 week on the UK chart and was placed on 65.
 1989–2003 is a compilation CD released by Hedningarna in 2003 under the NorthSide label. The album is a retrospect of Hedningarnas entire career and is like other Hedningarna albums a mixture of electronics rock and elements from old Scandinavian folk music. It covers the period from when Hedningarna was an acoustic trio and includes a rare remix of Kruspolka and two new tracks includning the six members of Hedningarna that were part of the group in 2003.
 Storageland is the first release by musician Mirah released independently as a vinyl EP in 1997. The album received largely positive reviews and listeners were drawn to the unpolished sound...with its sometimes muffled vocals raw guitars and background-noise cracklings.
 Women In (E)motion is an Import CD release by Ani DiFranco from 1994. The set was recorded live at Schauburg in Bremen Germany on July 8 1994 for the Women In (E)motion festival series on Radio Bremen and released by Tradition & Moderne Records. It has catalog #T&M105.
 Ridin' High is the third album by the Canadian hard rock band Moxy released in 1977. The record got good reviews and got the band nominated for a Juno Award (Canada's Grammy) in 1977 for Most Promising Group of the Year.
 Leather Diamond is a self released demo by the avant-garde rock band Hella.
 Burning Angel is the first EP from the Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy. It was released on March 6 2002. It is Arch Enemy's second release with vocalist Angela Gossow who took Johan Liiva's place in the band. The song Starbreaker is a Judas Priest cover from the album Sin After Sin.
 Greatest Hits also titled Garth Brooks in.... The Life of Chris Gaines is part of the alter ego project of American country music artist Garth Brooks in which Brooks assumes the fictitious persona of alternative rock artist Chris Gaines. Originally this album was intended to be the soundtrack for a movie called The Lamb that would star Brooks as a rock star recalling the different periods of his life.
 My Kind of Music is a 1961 album by Mel Tormé. This was the last album that Tormé recorded for Verve Records.
 Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music is a studio album by American recording artist Ray Charles released in April 1962 on ABC-Paramount Records. Recording sessions for the album took place in early to mid-February 1962 at Capitol Studios in New York City and at United Recording Studios in Hollywood. Production was handled entirely by Charles and renowned conductor Sid Feller.
 Transilvanian Hunger is the fourth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Darkthrone. It was released in 1994 through Peaceville Records.
 I See It Now is the third studio album by American country music artist Tracy Lawrence. Released in 1994 on Atlantic Records the album produced four singles: the title track If The World Had a Front Porch Texas Tornado and As Any Fool Can See. Of these Texas Tornado was a Number One on the Hot Country Songs charts while the other singles all reached #2 on the same chart.
 The Devil You Know is an album by the industrial alternative rock band Econoline Crush. It was released in Canada in 1997 by EMI and in the United States in 1998 by Restless Records.
 Static Prevails is the second album by Jimmy Eat World. It was released on July 23 1996. Along with Clarity the album was re-released in 2007 in remastered form with bonus tracks. It was produced by Wes Kidd Mark Trombino and Jimmy Eat World. The album is the first to feature bass guitarist Rick Burch.
 Radwimps 4: Okazu no Gohan (おかずのごはん Rice Side Dish) stylised as RADWIMPS 4 ~Okazu no Gohan~ is Japanese rock band Radwimps' fourth album released on December 6 2006. It was the band's break-through commercial album debuting at number five on Oricon's albums charts and was their first album to be certified platinum by the RIAJ.Yūshinron was awarded in 2007 in the Space Shower Music Video Awards with the award for best art direction.
 Changes is the 14th album by Tanya Tucker and her only long-play release on the Arista label. The album only rose to the #47 spot on the Billboard Country charts with four charting singles released: Feel Right was at #10 Changes at #41 Baby I'm Yours at #22 and Cry at #89. Changes has yet to see a compact disc reissue although Feel Right Baby I'm Yours and Changes have been released in CD format on several compilations.
 The Equal Spirit is the second album by Taiwanese power metal band Seraphim. Released in Taiwan 2002 and 2003(English). This album is available in both Chinese and English.
 This article describes an album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 35 or Now 35 was released in 2003. The album is the 35th edition of the South African Now! series.
 Some Great Reward is the fourth studio album by English electronic music band Depeche Mode released in 1984. The album peaked at number five in the United Kingdom and at number fifty-one in the United States. The title comes from the last lines of the bridge in Lie to Me when it repeats near the end. The album was supported by the Some Great Reward Tour.
 In Japan is a live album by the hard rock band Mr. Big. The performance was recorded in Tokyo Japan on February 5th 2002. There was a limited pressing of 100000 units featuring a bonus booklet with photos tour dates and a complete discography.
 Karmic was the debut EP from American rock band Nada Surf released in 1996. It was recorded in 1993 and 1994. The song Treehouse appeared on the band's first album High/Low. In 2007 Karmic was reissued under the Hi-Speed Soul label with bonus track Pressure Free.
 Symphonic Odysseys: Tribute to Nobuo Uematsu was a symphonic tribute concert held in Cologne Germany on July 9 2011 at the Cologne Philharmonic Hall. The concert exclusively paid homage to the work of Japanese composer Nobuo Uematsu and featured music selected from his works as a video game music composer. Among the games featured were Lost Odyssey Blue Dragon Last Story King's Knight Chrono Trigger Final Fantasy Legend and selected works from the Final Fantasy series.
 Harry Chapin Tribute is a CD of a tribute concert held at the Carnegie Hall in 1987 to commemorate Harry Chapin's 45th birthday if he were alive and also to award him the Congressional Gold Medal which was presented to his son Joshua Chapin and laid to rest on an empty stool with Harry's guitar leaning against it. Various artists contributed including Bruce Springsteen Richie Havens and Pat Benatar whom Harry taught to sing rock & roll. It was hosted by Harry Belafonte.
 Pike 21 is the fifty-first studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the twenty-first installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series. The album was part of a series of thirty pike albums that were released in close succession from one another during 2013.The album was announced on July 29th simultaneously along with Pike 22 as a limited edition untitled album with hand drawn covers and signed by Buckethead himself.
 Rush in Rio is a three-disc live album by Canadian band Rush released in 2003 (see 2003 in music). The album is also available as a two DVD set. With the exception of the last two tracks on the third disc the album was recorded at Maracanã Stadium in Rio de Janeiro on the final night of the Vapor Trails Tour. The other two tracks were taken from previous shows on the same tour.
 This Way is the third album by singer/songwriter Jewel released in 2001 by Atlantic Recording Corporation. She was looking for a raw live-sounding album leading her to be involved in the album's production. Singles included the hits Standing Still and Break Me as well as the eponymous track This Way which was also featured on the soundtrack to the film Life or Something Like It.
 Staind: The Videos is a DVD by the alternative metal band Staind. It was released by Atlantic Records on November 14 2006. A companion singles collection called The Singles: 1996-2006 was released on the same date. Notable is the absence of the video to the studio version of Outside.
 Against Perfection is the first album by British alternative rock band Adorable. It was released in 1993.
 Rubycon is an album released in 1975 by German electronic music group Tangerine Dream. It is widely regarded as one of their best albums. Rubycon further develops the Berlin School sequencer-based sound they ushered in with the title track from Phaedra.Although not quite matching the sales figures for Phaedra Rubycon reached No.12 in a 14-week run their highest-charting album in the UK.
 The Morning After is the third studio album by the German thrash metal band Tankard released in September 1988. It was released in 2011 as a set with The Meaning of Life.[citation needed]
 Shocking is an album by the all-girl Japanese rock band Tsu Shi Ma Mi Re. Their fourth full-length album it was released in 2012.
 Sobredoxis is the third studio album of the reggaeton duo Jowell & Randy. It was released on June 4 2013. Originally it was to be titled El Momento 2 but after a meeting with record labels it was decided to change the name. The album includes collaborations with Daddy Yankee Arcángel 3Ball MTY De La Ghetto Farruko Tony Tun Tun and Divino. It debuted at number ten on the Latin Albums chart and number one on the Latin Rhythm Albums chart.
 To Notice Such Things is a studio album by former Deep Purple keyboard player Jon Lord released in 2010. It is titled after the main work a six-movement suite for solo flute piano and string orchestra composed by Lord in memory of his close friend the late Sir John Mortimer CBE QC. The music emanates from that which Lord composed for the stage show Mortimer’s Miscellany which he also occasionally accompanied.
 Home Fire was the fourth album by Irish musician/songwriter Ron Kavana. Released in 1991 on Green Linnet records the album is really a joint project with Terry Woods formerly of The Pogues. The album features two Kavana/Woods co-writes including Young Ned Of The Hill previously recorded by The Pogues on the album Peace and Love. About half the tracks are performed by Kavana and Woods unaccompanied the other half with other musicians.
 Wild Gift is the second album by the American punk rock band X released in 1981. It was very well received critically and was voted #2 for the year in The Village Voice Pazz & Jop Critics Poll. In 2003 the album was ranked number 333 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.In 1988 Slash released Los Angeles and Wild Gift jointly on a single CD.
 'Studio Sessions' is a studio album by Dutch hardstyle artist Headhunterz. The album was released to much hype and includes collaborations with many other prominent artists in the hardstyle community such as The Prophet Wildstylez D-Block & S-te-Fan and Noisecontrollers among others. The album was announced shortly after the X-Qlusive edition that Headhunterz hosted on January 31 in the Heineken Music Hall in Amsterdam and it was hinted at previously.
 Taste My Beat Anna Tsuchiya's first solo release as a mini album was released after the disbanding of her former band Spin Aqua. Although there were no singles made from this mini-album Taste My Skin was used as a radio single for promotion included with a PV to air on television.
 Love's Crazy is the solo album from 112 member Slim. It was released on November 18 2008. The first single from the album is So Fly featuring Yung Joc. The second single is Good Lovin' featuring Ryan Leslie and Fabolous. The third single is scheduled to be the remix to Heels On featuring Yung Berg and Deezo.
 Maida Vale is a compilation album by Van der Graaf Generator containing eight songs from four different recording sessions at Maida Vale Studios for BBC Radio 1 in 1971 1975 and 1976 three of which were Peel Sessions. It was released in June 1994 on Band of Joy Records.The versions of When She Comes and Masks found here were also released as bonus tracks on the 2005 Charisma reissue of World Record.
 Reel Life Vol. 1 is a compilation album by American alternative band Wild Colonials released in 2000 (see 2000 in music).
 Hard to Hold is an album released by Rick Springfield in 1984 as the soundtrack to the movie of the same name. The album included three U.S. Top 40 hits Don't Walk Away Bop 'Til You Drop and the top five hit Love Somebody with the duet with Randy Crawford Taxi Dancing also charting. The Album was originally released on RCA-Victor as ABL1-4935.
 Griefshire is the third album by the gothic metal band Elis. It's their first concept album and the last before Sabine Dünser's death. Because Sabine Dünser was the creator of the concept of Griefshire and the main songwriter of the songs on it the other members decided after her death to release Griefshire in her memory.
 Meet the Care Bears is a 2004 children's album from Madacy Kids the first to be recorded for the early 2000s revival of the Care Bears toy line.
 BBC Sessions is an album by Tindersticks released on Island Records in 2007. The double CD compiled 26 tracks recorded by the band for the BBC between 1993 and 1997.
 Flutterby is the debut album by Australian singer/songwriter Butterfly Boucher first released in 2003.
 Intimacy Remixed is the remix album to Intimacy the third album by indie rock band Bloc Party. It was released on 11 May 2009 in the United Kingdom through Wichita Recordings the band's primary label in limited edition CD and triple LP formats to coincide with Bloc Party's worldwide touring schedule. The record entered the UK Album Chart at number 79.
 Lost and Found: Shadow the Hedgehog Vocal Trax is a video game soundtrack album for the 2005 video game Shadow the Hedgehog. It was released as a CD in February 2006. The album contains seven songs six directly from the game and one remix.
 Stessa spiaggia stesso mare is an album by Italian singer Mina issued in 1963.Some of the songs of this album have been recorded in different languages by Mina during the 1960s. Stessa spiaggia stesso mare has been covered in French (Tout s'arrange quand on s'aime) and in Spanish (La misma playa). Mi guardano has two different versions: in Spanish (Me miran) and a second Italian version (for the 1970 album Quando tu mi spiavi in cima a un batticuore).
 Ghetto Love EP is the debut musical release from Spinnerette. It was released digitally in late 2008 through their website and Topspin Media. The EP contains four main tracks as well as a teaser mix of Spinnerette material and the music video for Ghetto Love (directed by Liam Lynch). Ghetto Love and Distorting a Code are also featured on their self titled album.
 I Know is Norwegian singer Tone Damli's third studio album which was released on 30 March 2009. It was produced by David Eriksen. The album peaked to number 3 on the Norwegian Albums Chart.
 Low Key is the 14th studio album and fifth cover album by Filipina singer-actress Regine Velasquez-Alcasid released on November 14 2008 in physical format (cassette & CDs) and digital. The album was Velasquez's first album with Universal Records. It was certified gold a week after its release with sales of over 12500 units on its first day and achieves platinum certification after a month.
 The BBC Sessions by Texas was released on 24 September 2007. It contains 24 tracks recorded live at the BBC studios in London.Between 12 March 1989 and 18 October 2003 Texas recorded ten sessions for the BBC Radio network selected highlights of which are featured on this collection.
 Countless Hours Making Waves is the debut EP by British rock / Post Hardcore band Days in December. The EP was released on 19 July 2004.Three of the bandmembers from Days in December went on to form the band New Device in 2007.
 Sonny Rollins + 3 is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins released on the Milestone label in 1995 featuring performances by Rollins with Bob Cranshaw Stephen Scott (jazz pianist) Jack DeJohnette Tommy Flanagan and Al Foster.
 Of Doom and Death is the second full-length album by the German power metal band Savage Circus. It was released on October 23 2009 via Dockyard 1 Records.
 Skin in the Game is an EP release by the Canadian hard rock band Helix released in the fall of 2011. Consisting of four new songs and one cover it is their 23rd official release and their 3rd EP. It replaces a previously announced greatest hits CD to be titled Running Wild in the 21st Century. The new tracks recorded for that CD ended up on this release instead.
 All the Best is a compilation album by the band Stiff Little Fingers released in 1983.The album consists of the A- and B-sides of all the band's singles and EPs recorded and released between 1978 and 1983. It was originally released to coincide both with the release of the band's final single Price of Admission and with their two farewell shows which took place in February 1983.
 Unplugged...and Seated is a live album released by British musician Rod Stewart on 24 May 1993. It is Stewart's second live album and his first (and only) appearance on MTV Unplugged. The album was released by Warner Bros. Records (WEA 9362-45289-1/2). The unplugged versions of Have I Told You Lately by Van Morrison Reason to Believe Having a Party and People Get Ready were released as singles with Have I Told You Lately and Having a Party reaching success as singles.
 Dead and Buried is the second studio album by American death metal band Jungle Rot released through Olympic Recordings on February 6 2001. It was reissued in 2005 by Coyote Records.
 Innocent Eyes is the debut album by Australian singer Delta Goodrem released in Australia on 21 March 2003. It was later released in the United Kingdom on 30 June 2003. Goodrem co-wrote most of the material excluding Throw It Away Lost Without You and Butterfly. The album features two solely self-penned songs In My Own Time and Will You Fall for Me.
 Olivia's Live Hits is a live album released in 2008 based on the tour of Olivia Newton-John in Sydney Opera House in 2006. A DVD called Live at the Sydney Opera House was also recorded.
 The Prophetic Herbie Nichols Vol. 1 is the debut album by American jazz pianist Herbie Nichols featuring performances recorded and released on the Blue Note label in 1955 as a 10 inch LP.
 R.O.C.K. is a 1986 hard rock/heavy metal album by Kirka. A major departure from Kirka's typical easy listening albums the album featured English language lyrics written by Kassu Halonen and was largely hard rock oriented. Although Kirka had done covers by rock artists in the past R.O.C.K. was his first full-fledged rock-album.It was followed the next year by The Spell after which Kirka resumed with his better known ballad material.
 RVS III is the third album by Country Music artist by Ricky Van Shelton. The Singles released from the album were Statue of a Fool (#2) I've Cried My Last Tear for You(#1) I Meant Every Word He Said (#2) and Life's Little Ups and Downs (#4). The album was certified platinum by the RIAA on April 8 1991.The album includes several covers. Oh Pretty Woman is a cover of Roy Orbison's famous song.
 You're the Song I've Always Wanted To Sing is a studio album by Timmy Thomas. The album was released in 1974 on Glades and TK Records.Joining Timmy Thomas on this outing were other Henry Stone musicians and vocalists who recorded on Glades TK and Cat. They were Betty Wright George Chocolate Perry Jerome Smith and Willie Little Beaver Hale.
 Zuckerzeit is the third full-length album by German electronic music outfit Cluster. It was co-produced by Michael Rother their bandmate in Harmonia (whose two releases Zuckerzeit fell between). The music on Zuckerzeit is different from any other Cluster work and clearly shows Michael Rother's influence with clearly defined melody and beat and a very rhythmic sound at times approaching the Motorik style of Neu!.
 Remove the Earth is the debut full-length album by Christian thrash metal band Advent. It was released February 12 2008 through Solid State Records.
 Genes from 2003 is the first album released by Dave Couse since the breakup of A House in 1997.
 Have a Nice Decade: The 70s Pop Culture Box is a seven-disc box set with a 90-page booklet of cultural comment a timeline for the decade and liner notes. While covering much of the same ground as Rhino's Have a Nice Day series it includes more R&B funk soul and disco from the period.
 A Tábua De Esmeralda is a 1974 release by Brazilian artist Jorge Ben.It was ranked by Rolling Stone Brazil as the sixth greatest Brazilian album of all time. The title refers to the Emerald Tablet a cryptic piece of Hermetica reputed to contain the secret of the prima materia and its transmutation and many of the songs refer to alchemy and mysticism.
 Side Hustles is a compilation album by rap group UGK. It includes non-album UGK tracks and tracks from other artists that feature UGK or its members. The track They Down With Us also appeared on Scarface's album The Last of a Dying Breed. As of 2011 it has sold 88570 copies.
 City on a Hill: It's Christmas Time is the third album released in the City on a Hill series of compilation albums by popular CCM musicians.
 Revolutionary Vol. 2 is the second studio album by rapper Immortal Technique It was released on November 18 2003 and is a follow-up to his debut album Revolutionary Vol. 1.Revolutionary Vol. 2 attacks the United States government especially the Bush Administration. Immortal Technique claimed in an interview to have sold more than 85000 copies. The album features Mumia Abu-Jamal who introduces the album and also provides a speech about hip hop's relationship to Homeland security.
 A Painter Passing Through is the nineteenth original album by Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot released in 1998 on Reprise Records. It was his first album of original music in five years after Waiting for You which had been his first since 1986's East of Midnight. Well-known record producer Daniel Lanois makes a guest appearance on the album. A Painter Passing Through is a live studio album.
 30 Gallon Tank is an EP by the indie rock band Spoon. The 7 record was released on May 5 1998 as a promotional EP showcasing the band which was newly signed to Elektra Records. Released on the same day was Spoon's second LP A Series of Sneaks. The A-side of 30 Gallon Tank contained two tracks that also appeared on Sneaks while the B-side contained a new Spoon song and a previously released Drake Tungsten track.
 Zostaň (English: Stay) is the ninth solo album by Marika Gombitová released on Jumbo Records in 1994.
 Cop is the second studio album by American post-punk band Swans. It was released in 1984 through record label K.422.
 This article describes the 34th album in the New Zealand Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 34 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music 34 or Now 34 was released on 1 November 2010. The album is the 34th edition of the (New Zealand) Now! series. The album is a two-disc set with disc two featuring tracks from 2010.
 The Chill Out Sessions is an extended play consisting of Bring Me the Horizon remixes made by British electronic music producer Draper. After being initially planned to be released on New Year's Day 2012 it was delayed indefinitely by Bring Me the Horizon due to their label situation. However it was released on 22 November 2012 as a free download. The remix EP makes use of Draper's own music style named chill-step or liquid-step as a homage to his ambient relaxing take on dubstep music.
 Ernest Tubb Sings Hank Williams is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb released in 1968 (see 1968 in music). It is a tribute to the songs of country singer-songwriter Hank Williams.
 The Guitar Album is a 1974 double compilation album featuring live performances of popular guitarists. It features eighteen tracks from artists Eric Clapton Roy Buchanan Rory Gallagher T-Bone Walker Ellen McIlwaine Link Wray Stone the Crows John McLaughlin and Area Code 615. The album was issued by Polydor in a gatefold pressing. Though it was originally released in the United States it was later reissued in the United Kingdom.
 EX is a cover and the second studio album by the Serbian hard rock/heavy metal band Trigger. The album featuring covers of songs by acts from the former Yugoslav rock scene (the album title refers to the phrase ex yu rock commonly used in the successor states) was released in three parts all three available for free download from the band's official website.
 When The Sky Comes Down It Comes Down On Your Head is the second full length album released by Edinburgh based shoegaze band The Zephyrs. It was recorded at The Substation in Cowdenbeath Scotland. Additional recording took place at Blackwing Studios in London and at the home of Rachel Goswell (of Mojave 3).It includes several noteworthy guest musicians.
 Dead Inside is the eighth album by The Golden Palominos released on October 8 1996 through Restless Records. It was the group's final studio album until the release of A Good Country Mile twelve years later.
 The Things We Carry is the debut studio album of the straight edge hardcore punk band Have Heart.
 In the Heart of Everyone is a compilation album released by Orange Music (see 2004 in music) containing select songs taken from Bradley Joseph's previously released One Deep Breath Solo Journey The Journey Continues and Hear the Masses. It is distributed throughout Singapore Hong Kong Malaysia Taiwan Thailand and Indonesia.
 Hits 97 is a compilation album released in 1996. As a part of the Hits compilation series it contains UK hit singles from mid-to-late 1996. The album had a rivalry with Now 35 released later in the month - due to the longstanding rivalry between the Now and Hits compilation series. Some royalties from Hits 97 went to three different children's charities due to the inclusion of the final track Knockin' on Heaven's Door by Dunblane.
 How Sweet It Is to Be Loved by You is the sixth studio album released by soul music artist Marvin Gaye released in 1965. The album features a successful title track which at the time was his best-selling single.
 The Cold Still is the third album from the UK band The Boxer Rebellion; it was released February 7 2011 in the UK and Europe. The album was released exclusively on iTunes February 1 2011 breaking its way into the iTunes top 10 alternative list in less than 24 hours. The Cold Still was produced and mixed by Ethan Johns engineered by Dom Monks and managed by Embargo Management.
 Dig is the fourth album by alternative rock band Adam Again.
 Boxette is a 4-CD box set by Saint Etienne available for purchase only to people registered with their fan club Lovers Unite. It contains I Love to Paint (1994) Built on Sand (1999) Asleep at the Wheels of Steel (2001) and Eric Random. The first three are remastered editions of very limited compilations of unreleased material sent out to members of the fan club over the years while the fourth compiles songs released on various fan club EPs as well as five previously unreleased tracks.
 Guru is the soundtrack to the 2007 film of the same name directed by Mani Ratnam. The soundtrack was released in 18 November 2006. Guru's music is composed by A. R. Rahman with lyrics provided by Gulzar.
 Play with the Changes is the fifth studio album by the British drum and bass group 4hero.
 Watching You Watching Me is the R&B/soul singer/backing vocalist Ullanda McCullough's third and last album released on Atlantic Records in 1982. It features the title cut written by William Eaton and a cover version of Carrie Lucas' Men Kiss and Tell written by Deniece Williams Lani Groves and Clarence McDonald. It also features herself Luther Vandross Tawatha Agee from the soul/R&B band Mtume and her friends providing the background vocals on the album.
 Chayanne: Vivo is the first live album by Puerto Rican singer Chayanne.The earliest songs from this album are from Provócame (1992).
 The Best from the Noise Years is the first compilation album by German heavy metal band Rage released in 1998 by Victor Entertainment. The album is made up of fifteen songs from the band's early albums (86-94) released by the Noise Records.
 Fear of a Black Tangent is a studio album by indie hip hop artist Busdriver. It was released on Mush Records in 2005.
 Garfield is the debut album by Adam Green released in 2002. Unlike the rest of his later output Garfield's sound is more in the vein of Green's other project The Moldy Peaches and likewise features a rougher lo-fi sound than his other albums. The UK release of the album only has the first ten tracks on it and is entitled Adam Green.
 Unrein (German for Impure) is the fifth studio album by the German band Oomph!. It's the first album released on Virgin Schallplatten.
 Der Tag an dem die Welt unterging (English: The Day the World Went Down) is the second album by German deathcore band We Butter the Bread with Butter. It was released on May 14 2010 through Redfield Records.
 Moments That Matter is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music singer Aaron Lines released on June 12 2007. It features the single Cheaper to Keep Her. The song Let's Get Drunk and Fight was covered by Joe Nichols on his 2007 album Real Things.
 Motivation is the first studio album of Moti Special released in 1985 by Teldec label. The band members were: Danish guitarist Nils Tuxen Romanian keyboardist Michael Cretu bassist and vocalist Manfred Thissy Thiers and drummer Reinhard Dickie Tarrach. The album reached # 20 in the Germany charts.
 This 2CD Box collects most of Dive's 1990-1993 output.
 Rosemary Clooney Sings the Music of Jimmy Van Heusen is a 1986 album by Rosemary Clooney of songs composed by Jimmy Van Heusen.
 Journeys to Glory is the first studio album by Spandau Ballet. It was released on 6 March 1981 by Chrysalis Records just ten days after its recording at Trident Studios. The first editions of the vinyl version had an embossed cover. Early CD releases featured the original white cover. The album was re-released in a remastered and expanded 2 CD Special Edition on 8 March 2010.
 Live at the BBC is a Live two disc compilation album featuring various line ups of the rock group Electric Light Orchestra (ELO). Released in 1999 and featuring various live BBC sessions as well as Live concert segments recorded by the BBC.
 Tangled in Reins is the second album by Steelheart recorded and produced in Los Angeles. It only reached #144 on the Billboard 200. However the ballad Mama Don't You Cry reached #1 in Hong Kong and Japan prompting an MTV unplugged show in Hong Kong. The album itself only sold about 100000 copies in the United States. However it sold about 10000 copies in Hong Kong and 50000 copies in Japan.
 Summer Sampler is an EP by American band Echosmith on Warner Bros. Records. The 3-track sampler was made available for free download via Echosmith’s website and also available for streaming on Spotify. From May 31 2013 to June 11 2013 one single per week was released as part of the sampler.The Summer Sampler Free Download campaign began on May 31 2013 with the release of Echosmith's single “Come Together.” The second song “Cool Kids” was released on June 4 2013.
 Texas Moon is an album released by country musician David Allan Coe. It was released in 1977 on Plantation.
 Blacklight is the third studio album by Christian rap artist Tedashii on Reach Records. It was released on iTunes on May 24 2011 and in stores on May 31 2011. The album produced singles Need It Daily (which later became a music video) and Riot. The song Last Goodbye was made into a music video which was released on May 30 the day after Memorial Day.
 Pure Pleasure is the second album from The Dynamic Superiors on Motown Records. It was released in 1975. After a 35 year wait in 2010 this album was finally released on CD in a 2-for-1 set with The Superiors' first Motown album The Dynamic Superiors not by Motown but by Universal's Soul Music.com imprint. The album was arranged by Horace Ott Al Gorgoni William Eaton and Paul Riser
 Live is a 1968 studio album by the psychedelic rock band 13th Floor Elevators. In an interview the band cited that the live album was essentially made up of studio outtakes that were overdubbed with phony cheering and applause. The album is lowly regarded and was put together by the International Artists label to make extra money with little to no input from the band.
 New York Tendaberry is an album by New York-born singer songwriter and pianist Laura Nyro. It was released in the autumn of 1969 on Columbia Records some eighteen months after its predecessor Eli and the Thirteenth Confession. The album is generally considered by rock critics and Laura Nyro aficionados to be her greatest musical achievement.
 Once More is the fourth studio album of Colonial Cousins an Indian band formed by Indian duo composed of singer Hariharan and singer-composer Leslie Lewis. It was released on October 29 2012 under the label Universal.
 The Dead Eye is the fifth album from Swedish metal band The Haunted released on 30 October 2006.The bloodpack edition includes the collectors edition DVD promotional button 2-sided guitar pick t-shirt and a floating dead eyeball. [1]In 2006 Century Media also released The Dead Eye on 12 vinyl (120 gram) with the initial artwork and inserts (not the limited edition packaging). It contains the 13 tracks on the standard releases.
 Waves is the seventh album by Norwegian jazz guitarist Terje Rypdal recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label.
 The Best Of Dave Mason is a 1974 album by Dave Mason and was released on the Blue Thumb Records label.
 That '70s Album (Rockin') is the soundtrack to the television series That '70s Show released in 1999.
 Band on the Run is an album by Paul McCartney & Wings released in 1973. It was Wings' third album. It became Wings' most successful album and remains the most celebrated of McCartney's post-Beatles albums. It was 1974's top-selling studio album in the United Kingdom and Australia and revitalised McCartney's critical standing.In 2000 Q magazine placed it at number 75 in its list of the 100 Greatest British Albums Ever.
 Eastsideridaz is an album by rapper Goldie Loc released in 2007. It also featured guest appearances from his partners of the group The Warzone MC Eiht and Kam plus other West Coast acts like Kokane and Nate Dogg.
 Meltdown: The Music of TNA Wrestling Volume 2 was the fourth CD released from Total Nonstop Action Wrestling on November 20 2007 featuring the entrance music of TNA superstars.
 Julius Caesar is the third album by Bill Callahan (also known as Smog) released in 1993 on Drag City. It was re-released in Europe in 2001 on Domino Records. After his two first LPs which were recorded at home with an experimental lo-fi-approach Callahan decided to record this album in a professional studio.
 Flashback is the fourth studio album by Swedish singer/songwriter Darin Zanyar. It was released on December 3 2008 in Sweden and became Darin's 4th top 10 album. It features the physical singles Breathing Your Love and What If plus the digital singles Runaway and See U At The Club. This is the first album to see Darin contributing both musically and lyrically this occurs on all but one track. The song Karma feat.
 Take Off is the first extended play by Japanese band Folks independently released on March 29 2013. It was the band's first release and their only self-issued album before their major label debut under Ki/oon Music in 2014.
 Johan is the debut album by the Dutch band Johan. It was released on November 4 1996 by the record label Excelsior Recordings. The album was produced by Frans Hagenaars. The album was released in the US in June 1997 by the record label SpinArt.
 Deep Heat 5 – Feed The Fever is a continuation of Telstar Records' Deep Heat compilation series released in February 1990. Containing 32 dance tracks it continued the series' success reaching #1 on the Compilations Chart and being awarded a UK Gold Disc for album sales in excess of 100000 copies. As with the rest of the series the album features dance music styles of the time including techno acid house and hip house.
 Walk the Plank is the second studio album from the American country music band Pirates of the Mississippi. Released in 1991 on Capitol Records Nashville it includes the singles Fighting for You Till I'm Holding You Again and Too Much which was co-written by Lee Roy Parnell and Guy Clark. These singles respectively reached #41 #22 and #37 on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 The Spirit Music Jamia: Dance of the Infidel is the sixth album by the American multi-instrumentalist Me'shell Ndegeocello initially released in France on Universal France on February 14 2005 and then subsequently on the Shanachie label in the United States on June 21 of the same year (see 2005 in music).The album is Ndegeocello's first after leaving Maverick Records her label between 1993 and 2003.
 Now Is the Hour is the tenth studio album by Jennifer Rush released in Germany and Switzerland on March 5 2010 and in the UK on March 8 2010. The album has been available in the US as an import since March 17 2010. This was Rush's first studio album since 1998.
 Voice is the title of the second and last album by the Barratt Band.
 Signed Sealed Delivered is Craig David's fifth studio album and is his first album for Universal Records. It was released on 29 March 2010 and entered the UK Albums Chart at number 13. The album consists primarily of covers. Two of the album's tracks sample hits from the Motown era and give them a modern twist as demonstrated with the first single from the album One More Lie (Standing in the Shadows) whose chorus samples The Four Tops' 1967 Motown classic Standing in the Shadows of Love.
 Martin Scorsese Presents the Blues – Taj Mahal is an album by American blues artist Taj Mahal.
 Julie is an EP released by Jens Lekman.The cover art is by Rasmus Hägg and Jens Lekman. The title song Julie is a melancholic love song which starts with an invitation to a vending machine to buy Julie a wedding ring and includes a fatalistic reference to failing to pray for the angels and them causing the couple to jump from the Eiffel Tower.
 Autobiography of Mistachuck is the debut solo album by Public Enemy frontman Chuck D which was released October 22 1996. It peaked at #190 on the Billboard 200.
 Alone is the first mini album by Korean girl group Sistar. The album was released on April 12 2012 with the song of same title being used as the promotional song.
 Stop the World is the eighth studio album by British pop duo Right Said Fred. It was released in 2011 and was followed by the Night of the Living Fred tour. The album has received widespread negative reviews.
 Living Ornaments '79 (1981) is a live album by British musician Gary Numan recorded at the Hammersmith Odeon on 28 September 1979. It was also released as a limited edition box set with Living Ornaments '80 (1981). An expanded (21-track) version was reissued on a double CD in 1998 before a remastered version was again reissued in 2005.
 Merci is a 1990 album recorded by French singer Florent Pagny. It was his first studio album and was released on May 1 1990. The album was a success in France where it remained in the top 50 for 44 weeks including two weeks at #10. It was entirely written by the singer himself and contains several songs deemed as controversial at the time such as Presse qui roule which is critical of press.
 Licht is the seventh studio album by the German Heavy metal band Die Apokalyptischen Reiter released by Nuclear Blast Records on 29 August 2008. It peaked at #29 in the German Media Control Charts. The U.S. version - 2009 of Licht comes with six bonus tracks (2 studio 4 live) and different album art.
 ×∞Multiplies (増殖 Zōshoku lit. multiplication) was a mini-album by Yellow Magic Orchestra released in 1980. It contains a mixture of songs and instrumentals by YMO (including a humorous reworking of Archie Bell & the Drells' Tighten Up) interspersed with comedy sketches. These sketches are performed by Snakeman Show in both Japanese and English with YMO participating in some of them.
 The Afterparty is the third studio album by Eurodance group Captain Hollywood Project released on November 18 1996 by Mighty. This album is recorded under the name Captain Hollywood. The record includes three singles: Over and Over Love & Pain and The Afterparty. The first one was a notable hit in Europe peaking at #35 in Austria and #45 in Germany.
 Prisonworld is the debut studio album by the German folk metal band Lyriel. It contains mostly balladesque songs
 Sogn-A-Song (released 1996 in Oslo Norway on the NorCD label - NorCD 9101) is an album by the Norwegian saxophonist Karl Seglem.
 Selvaggina Go Back into the Woods was originally released in CD-R format by Coil in a limited edition of 230 copies. The release is a live performance in Jesi Italy on 11 June 2004.Selvaggina was released in a sleeve identical to that of Coil Presents Time Machines Megalithomania! and the original version of Black Antlers.Tracks 1-3 and 5-7 were released as studio versions with slightly augmented titles on Black Antlers. Bang Bang has not been given a studio release by Coil.
 Pocrnela burma (English: My Wedding Ring Turned Black) is the tenth studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Indira Radić released in 2002.The song Ratovanje borrows the music of the hit 1998 song Mundian To Bach Ke by Indian singer Labh Janjua.
 History: Function Music is a collaborative studio album by American rappers E-40 and Too Short released on November 6 2012 by Heavy on the Grind Entertainment and EMI. The album was released in two pairs: History: Mob Music and History: Function Music. The album features guest appearances from Tyga Travis Porter Turf Talk Wiz Khalifa Sugafree Jeremih and Ice Cube among others.
 First Came the Law is the first full-length album released by Once Nothing. It is the band's third release overall and its first on Solid State Records.
 Chayanne es mi Nombre is the album debut from Puerto Rican artist Chayanne after he left Los Chicos. It was released on RCA Records in 1984.
 Running After Deer is the first album by filmmaker Alix Lambert and producer Travis Dickerson. It was released in mid August 2008 and was conceived by Lambert with music provided by Dickerson. The album also features the collaborations of Buckethead on guitar D.J Bonebrake on drums Paul Eckman on bass and Travis Dickerson on keyboards and theremin.
 A Catholic Education is the debut album by British alternative rock band Teenage Fanclub released in 1990.The album received positive reviews from English music journalists and critics.In contrast to the group's later work the album has a very dark abrasive and cynical tone and incorporated a grunge and heavy metal influenced sound. As well the album's two title tracks are direct attacks on the Catholic Church which are unique for an otherwise apolitical band.
 Lump is a 2000 greatest hits compilation album by The Presidents of the United States of America.The album includes three covers: Video Killed the Radio Star originally by The Buggles Kick Out the Jams originally by MC5 and Cleveland Rocks originally by Ian Hunter.Unusual for a Greatest Hits album Lump features only ten tracks totalling less than 30 minutes in length.
 Metal Queen – B-Sides & Rarities is a double CD compilation album released in 2007 under the label No Remorse Records containing songs of the German hard rock singer Doro Pesch. It is unclear if this is a fully licensed compilation an unofficial release or even a pirated publication. The album is not present in the discography section of Doro's official site and Discogs lists the album as an unofficial release pretending to be released under No Remorse Records label.
 From the River to the Sea is the first demo album by the English progressive rock band Big Big Train. It was first released on tape in 1991 and later in 1992 on CD.
 Heart Over Mind is the third album by American singer Jennifer Rush. It was released in 1987 and featured the hit Flames of Paradise (a duet with Elton John).
 Metal Box is the second album by Public Image Ltd released in 1979 by Virgin Records. It was reissued as Second Edition in 1980.
 Seafish Louisville is a compilation of songs by The Gits released posthumously in 2000 on the Broken Rekids label. The record is primarily a collection of live tracks and alternate takes including the newly discovered track Whirlwind. The CD+ section of the CD includes the video for Seaweed as well as photos and lyrics.
 Scabdates is the second official live recording from the band The Mars Volta. It was released on November 8 2005 and features music recorded between May 2004 and May 2005 during the tours in support of De-Loused in the Comatorium and Frances the Mute. In 2011 NME magazine named it one of the 50 greatest live albums of all time. The And Ghosted Pouts section of Take the Veil Cerpin Taxt was used in the film Get Him to the Greek.
 Dark Was the Night is the twentieth compilation release benefiting the Red Hot Organization an international charity dedicated to raising funds and awareness for HIV and AIDS. Featuring exclusive recordings by a number of independent artists and production by Aaron and Bryce Dessner of The National the compilation was released on 16 February 2009 (UK) and 17 February (US) as a double CD three vinyl LPs or as a digital download.
 22 m² is the debut studio album by Finnish rapper Sini Sabotage. Released on 5 December 2013 via PME Records the album peaked at number 27 on the Finnish Albums Chart.
 Inventions for the New Season is an album by Maserati released in 2007. The song Show Me the Season was featured in the trailer for Project Natal.
 The Red Thread is the fifth solo album by New York singer-songwriter Lucy Kaplansky released in 2004.
 Lavinia's Tongue is the debut solo album by Sook-Yin Lee released in 1994 on Zulu Records.
 Court and Spark is the sixth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell.Released in January 1974 the album saw Mitchell infusing her folk-rock style which she developed throughout her previous five albums with jazz inflections. A very accessible and commercially appealing album Court and Spark was Mitchell's commercial and popular triumph—it was not only praised by critics but was also very warmly received by the public becoming her most successful album.It reached No.
 Where Myth Fades to Legend is the second full-length studio album by Alesana released through Fearless Records on June 3 2008.
 The Last Temptation of Reid is an album by Lard released in 1990.The CD includes a cover of They're Coming To Take Me Away Ha-Haaa! originally performed by Napoleon XIV with the addition of a guitar part and an extra verse (written by Jello Biafra) to the original song's setup.
 Goodnite is a 1998 album released by Walt Mink. It is a recording of their last show at the Mercury Lounge in New York on November 1 1997.
 Dreamland is a compilation album by Joni Mitchell released in 2004 by Rhino. The songs for the album were selected by the singer herself. The booklet contains an essay by Cameron Crowe on Mitchell's career and several paintings by Joni Mitchell. As of December 2007 the album has sold 78000 copies in the US.[citation needed]
 Livin' Lovin' Rockin' Rollin': The 25th Anniversary Collection is a three-disc box set chronicling the career of country music band Alabama. It contains 51 tracks dating from their earliest days as a recording act in 1973 through September 2000.The box set was issued to commemorate Alabama's 25 years of national fame even though their first national hit was released in 1977 and their first major hit came in 1980.
 The Chameleon Script is the first officially released full-length album recorded by the band Howards Alias.The album was released by Good Clean Fun Records on 28 October 2002 on compact disc. It was hailed as an instant classic in the rising UK ska-core scene and received critical acclaim even from the UK's famous mainstream rock weekly Kerrang!. The album had predominant ska brass lines and guitar upstrokes features that Howards Alias moved away from on later releases as their sound matured.
 Summerbreeze is a dance mix compilation produced by trance artist DJ Tiësto released on October 10 2000.
 Live At Saint Olave's Church was released in 2003 on the branch label PanDurtro of David Tibet's of Current 93's label Durtro.
 Aurora is an extended play album by the progressive rock band Asia.It was a limited number release exclusive to Japan in 1986.Too Late was originally on the 1985 album Astra.Ride Easy never given regular release on a studio album was originally released only as a B-side on the 7 45 rpm single Heat of the Moment in 1982.During an interview on the 2007 released Asia DVD Fantasia: Live in Tokyo  lead vocalist John Wetton indicated that Ride Easy is one of his favorite Asia songs.Daylight was originally on the cassette release of 1983 album Alpha.Lying to Yourself never given regular release on a studio album was originally released only as a B-side on the 7 45 rpm single The Smile Has Left Your Eyes in 1983. 
 Pall Mall Groove is an album released by Switch under the name of Hot Ice. After the White Heat fiasco the band recorded this album for Bernd Lichters. It was initially released only in Germany Bernd's home country in 1977 through Polydor Records. It was eventually released in the US in 1979 now renamed Smash on the MCA Records-distributed Source label. In 2007 it was released again (still titled Smash) on a limited edition CD through Bernd's own Burndsman Records.
 See You Up There is a live album by the punk band Stiff Little Fingers released in 1989 (see 1989 in music).
 Broken Crown Halo is the seventh studio album by Italian gothic metal band Lacuna Coil. It was released by Century Media on March 31 2014 in Europe Australia and New Zealand and on April 1 in North America. This is the last album to feature drummer Cristiano Criz Mozzati and guitarist Cristiano Pizza Migliore who retired from the band on February 14 2014.
 Something's Wrong is a compilation album of studio recordings and unreleased live tracks by the Violent Femmes in 2001. Tracks 1 and 3-12 are studio recordings from 1995-1997. Some songs are alternate versions of previously released songs. Tracks 16-22 are live recordings selected from the 1999 Viva Wisconsin sessions. Tracks 2 and 13-15 are demos recorded in 1995 and 1996.The album was released only in MP3 format by the online store eMusic.com.
 Rules is the second album by indie pop band The Whitest Boy Alive. It was recorded in Punta Burros Nayarit Mexico where the band was staying to rest after a long tour. In early 2009 Australian radio station Triple J named Rules their feature album of the week. The track 1517 was featured in the video game FIFA 10.
 Things Go Better with RJ and AL is the second full-length album by hip hop duo Soul Position. It was released on March 14 2006 on Rhymesayers Entertainment.
 Envy on the Coast is the first released EP from the Long Island emo band Envy on the Coast. It is a five track EP released on November 7th 2006. The band's first single Temper Temper is available on the iTunes Store.
 The Steal is the debut album by hardcore punk band The Steal. It was released on CD by Gravity DIP.
 Line In The Sand is the third full-length album by Texas melodic hardcore band Close Your Eyes released on October 29 2013 through Victory Records. It is the band's first album featuring lead vocalist Sam Robinson formerly of Blessed by a Broken Heart.
 One Fierce Beer Run is the title of The Bloodhound Gang's first DVD. It is a behind-the-scenes look at the One Fierce Beer Coaster tour based on the album of the same name. Most of the footage is from the tour bus and has almost no concert footage. The movie also contains music videos from the album including Fire Water Burn Kiss Me Where It Smells Funny and others.
 Waves and the Both of Us is the debut album by Charlotte Sometimes. It was released on May 6 2008.
 Stranger than Fiction is the eighth full-length studio album (tenth release overall) by Bad Religion released in 1994 (see 1994 in music). It was their first album released on the major label Atlantic Records (although that label re-released the previous album Recipe for Hate) and also its last release with guitarist Brett Gurewitz who left just prior to the 1994-1995 world tour only to return to the band seven years later.
 How to Clean a Couple o' Things is a 7 EP released by Propagandhi alongside their debut album How to Clean Everything. The artwork consisted of photos and text stuck over the NOFX release The P.M.R.C. Can Suck on This!. Later NOFX used the already-layered artwork for their Fuck the Kids EP and added a few more things to it.
 Music from the Edge of Heaven is the third and final studio album from British pop duo Wham! in 1986.The album was only released in Japan and North America; in other territories The Final was released instead. Both albums are related and have similar tracks except The Final also contains all of the band's main singles and is more of a greatest hits album while Music from the Edge of Heaven is commonly regarded as Wham!'s third studio album.
 Rare Cuts is an EP by Welsh metalcore band Bullet for My Valentine released in Japan only. Rare Cuts contains bonus tracks from Bullet for My Valentine's album The Poison. It includes an acoustic version of the band's song Tears Don't Fall.
 Air Song is the debut album by the improvisational collective Air featuring Henry Threadgill Steve McCall and Fred Hopkins performing four of Threadgill's compositions. The album was originally released on the Japanese Why Not label in 1975 and later released in the U.S. on India Navigation in 1982.
 Seul au Piano also referred to as Pierre Lapointe Seul au Piano (French: Pierre Lapointe seul au piano) is an album by Canadian singer Pierre Lapointe recorded in November 2010 and released in January 2011. The album reached a peak position of number two on Billboard's Top Canadian Albums chart.
 High Flight Society is the debut album of the Christian rock band High Flight Society. It was released on June 5 2007.
 Gravity Gets Things Done is the third album by Bellingham Washington indie rock band The Pale Pacific (formerly The Pale).
 Tu Ángel de la Guarda (Your guardian angel) is Gloria Trevi's second album and it contained her most widely known hit Pelo Suelto. It also contained other hit songs like Tu angel de la guarda Ya no Virgen de las virgenes and Hoy me ire de casa. This album was very controversial different from other artists' albums like Lucero.
 Look to Your Heart was Perry Como's 16th RCA Victor 12 long-play album the 14th recorded in full living stereophonic sound and the Fifth featuring Dynagroove technology.This album released shortly after the previous Christmas LP is one filled with tender ballads and soft standards.
 Tales of Terror was the first and only full-length self-titled album released by the Californian hardcore punk band Tales of Terror in September 1 1984 on the label CD Presents.
 Backyard Babies is a demo by Backyard Babies released in 1990. This is the first release under the name Backyard Babies as the band had previously been known as TyrantThe first recording in a real studio Opus 1. Sixteen channels. Recorded and mixed by Henrik Karlsson who also owned the studio. After the recording of this demo the studio moved to a closed down chair factory in Nassjo which today is the town's music house.
 Thank you Ohlinger's is the sixty-fourth studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the thirty-fifth installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series. The album was part of a series of thirty pike albums that were released in close succession from one another during 2013.The album was released along with The Pit on November 2 digitally with a limited edition consisting of 300 copies of an untitled white album signed by Buckethead himself to be released on November 22.
 Don't Tread on Me is the eighth studio album by 311 which was released on August 16 2005. The first single Don't Tread On Me was released to radio on July 26 2005. It peaked at #2 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks and #1 on the R&R Panel Alternative chart.
 So Many Ways/If the Whole World Stopped Lovin’ is an album by American country music singer Eddy Arnold (Richard Edward Eddy Arnold May 15 1918 – May 8 2008) released in 1973 on the MGM Records label. The album reached #32 in the US Country chart.
 Body and Soul is the first solo studio album by New Zealand singer Jenny Morris released in July 1987 (see 1987 in music) by Warner Music Group.
 Absolutely the Best is a compilation of The Zombies released through Fuel 2000 containing 16 hits in just over 40 minutes.
 Setzer Goes Instru-Mental! is a music album by Brian Setzer released in April 2011 through Surfdog Records. The album earned Setzer a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Instrumental Album.
 Crossroads is the second album by singer-songwriter Tracy Chapman released in 1989 (see 1989 in music). It was Chapman's first album she helped produce.
 Truth or Dare is the debut studio album by American rock band Automatic Loveletter released on June 22 2010.
 Start from the Dark is the sixth studio album by the Swedish rock band Europe. It was released on 22 September 2004 by Sanctuary Records. It was the band's first release since reforming in 2003 and the first original album of all-new material since 1991's Prisoners in Paradise.Start from the Dark departs from the glam metal genre and featured a more modern sound compared to Europe's previous albums.
 Windward Passages is a live album released by jazz pianist Dave Burrell that is considered a widely acclaimed jazz-opera. It was recorded on September 13 1979 in Sweden and released by hatART Records in 1980 on double-LP. hatART released the album again on LP in 1986 and then on CD in 1994.The album was Burrell's first collaboration with his wife Monkia Larsson who was a Swedish writer and librettist at the time.
 Let It Be... Naked is a 2003 album by English rock group The Beatles. It is a remixed and remastered version of their 1970 album Let It Be. The project was overseen by Paul McCartney who felt that Phil Spector's production did not accurately represent the group's stripped-down intentions for the original album. Let It Be... Naked presents the songs naked—without Spector's overdubs and without the incidental studio chatter featured between most cuts of the original album. Let It Be...
 Open is the second studio album from the Christian band yFriday. Released in 2001 the CD also contains Head Over Heels which was released as the band's only single.
 Rollercoaster is a soundtrack album to the motion picture of the same name by Argentine composer pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin recorded in 1977 and released on the MCA label.
 Changing of the Seasons is an EP by Northern Irish indie pop band Two Door Cinema Club released in September 2013. The EP is the first release by them since the band had left Kitsuné and signed with former EMI subsidiary Parlophone Records.
 Whipped Cream & Other Delights is a 1965 album by Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass called Herb Alpert's Tijuana Brass for this album released on A&M Records. It is the band's fourth full album and arguably their most popular release.This album saw the band nearly abandoning its Mexican-themed music featuring mostly covers of popular songs and also generating some major pop hits for the first time since The Lonely Bull.
 Average Psycho (stylized AVERAGE PSYCHO) is a music video compilation released by Dir En Grey on July 27 2005. It comprises uncensored versions of previously released clips. It is the first and only Dir En Grey release since the Taiyou no Ao single not to be published through Firewall Div.
 David Hemmings Happens is the debut studio folk-pop album by former British boy soprano and actor David Hemmings released in 1967 on MGM Records and included 9 songs. Hemmings once sang in his early youth with the English Opera Group before becoming an actor. The album was available in both mono and stereo catalogue numbers MGM E/SE 4490. David Hemmings Happens was produced by Jim Dickson arranged by Jimmy Bond and was recorded in Los Angeles California.
 Mr. Mafioso is the debut studio album by American rapper Killa Tay released August 22 1998 from AWOL Records and Virgin Records.
 Automatic is a sexy punk rock/hardcore punk CD released by the band The Stitches.
 UnMerry Melodies is the first studio album by American punk rock band Bigwig. It was released on Fearless Records in 1997.
 The Best of Bob Dylan is a single-disc compilation album containing songs by Bob Dylan released on November 15 2005.The Best of Bob Dylan is available in a digipak format in an attempt to imitate a vinyl record. The album has liner notes written by Bill Flanagan with commentary on each of the album's tracks.
 We Go Together is an album by American country music artists George Jones and Tammy Wynette. This album was released on November 13 1971 on the Epic Records label. This is Jones' first album with Epic and this is also Jones' first album with then wife Tammy Wynette. This is also Jones' first album with producer Billy Sherrill.
 Mike Badger's Country Side is an album which features a compilation of Mike Badger's country style songs from 1988 to 2008 including previously unreleased material from his solo projects and his back catelogue with The Onset. It was released on the Generator Label in 2008.
 Street Singer is a hard bop album jointly led by tenor Tina Brooks and alto Jackie McLean released on the Japanese Blue Note label in 1980. The tracks Appointment in Ghana A Ballad for Doll and Isle of Java were originally released in 1960 on Jackie's Bag. The three tracks left would be later included on the CD reissue of said album.
 Shrunken Heads is the eleventh solo album of British singer-songwriter Ian Hunter and his first since 2001's critically acclaimed Rant.A bonus CD containing an additional three tracks was included with preorders placed on Ian's web site.
 Not That Kind is the debut studio album by American recording artist Anastacia released on June 16 2000 by Epic Records. The album features production by Sam Watters Louis Biancaniello Ric Wake Evan Rogers Carl Sturken Rickey Minor and The Shadowmen. Not That Kind failed to make an impact in the United States where it peaked at number 168 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Live! is a 1993 live album by The Isley Brothers on Warner Bros. Records. Their final Warner album the Isleys sung all of their classic hits including It's Your Thing That Lady Between the Sheets Voyage to Atlantis Shout Take Me to the Next Phase Fight the Power and For the Love of You.
 Ultimate Collection is the greatest hits album by El DeBarge.
 Country Hit Time is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb released in 1968 (see 1968 in music).
 Mortal Way of Live is a live album by Sodom released in 1988.
 Dark Days is the third studio album by the American nu metal band Coal Chamber. It was recorded in 2001 and released on May 7 2002.
 The Great Unknown is the fifth album by Scottish post-grunge band Logan.
 Smooth & Legit is the debut album by Smooth first known as MC Smooth at the time. It was released on April 27 1990 through independent label Crush Music and was produced by her brother Chris Stokes and former N.W.A member Arabian Prince. The album was not much of a success only making it to #72 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Jermaine is an album by Jermaine Jackson. This would be his second release in 1980. Also it would be his second album entitled Jermaine.
 High Times is the second studio album by American rapper Young Dro. The album was released on October 15 2013 by Grand Hustle Records eOne Music and Atlantic Records. The album features guest appearances from Forgeeauto Mac Boney T.I. Spodee Problem Natasha Mosley Blu June Doe B and Miloh Smith. The album was met with generally positive reviews from music critics and debuted at number 57 on the US Billboard 200 chart.
 Hardships! is an album by Jenny Wilson released in 2009.
 Peculiar is an album by the New York City ska band The Slackers. It was released on Hellcat Records in 2006.
 Appalachian Blues is the fifth studio album by singer Stella Parton. A plaintive collection of songs which combine country with hints of blues gospel and folk. This album displays Parton's unique vocal styling plus her creative songwriting.
 Lets Get Killed is the second studio album by Belfast electronica DJ and producer David Holmes. It was released in the UK on 8 September 1997 through Go! Beat Records and contained two UK Top 40 singles: Don't Die Just Yet and My Mate Paul.
 Schutzengel (German for Guardian Angel) is the second studio EP released by the Neue Deutsche Härte band Unheilig. It was released on July 21 2003.
 End of Discussion is an album by Flint Michigan punk rock band The Swellers. The album was self-released by the band in 2004.
 Sora (そら Sky) is Japanese recording artist Yui Aragaki's debut album. It was released on December 5 2007.
 Deuce is the second solo album by Rory Gallagher released in 1971. In contrast with his previous album Rory Gallagher where Gallagher tried for a precise organised sound Deuce was his first of many attempts to capture the energy of a live performance in the studio.
 Rainmaker is the second studio album released by the hard rock band Fair Warning.
 Escalo Frio is the name of an IDM LP by Otto von Schirach.
 Learning to Cope With Cowardice is the debut album of vocalist Mark Stewart released in 1983 through On-U Sound Records.
 Said One To The Other is the debut EP release by artist Lisa Mitchell. The EP was released in Australia in late August 2007.The songs Slow and Alice in Wonderland have also been called Sailing Softly and Alice respectively. The songs feature vocals guitar and additional instruments. Incomplete Lullaby was written for piano and vocals in contrast to her signature acoustic songs with guitar-only accompaniment.
 Spice of Life is the third studio album by Canadian country music artist George Fox. It was released by Warner Music Canada on May 28 1991. The album peaked at number 23 on the RPM Country Albums chart.
 Into Battle with the Art of Noise is an EP by the Art of Noise—its first release and also the first release by ZTT Records. The record represented the first instalment in the ZTT's Incidental Series (catalogue number ZTIS 100).Into Battle... constructed tracks using early sampling techniques centred on the Fairlight CMI workstation which at that time represented the state-of-the-art in musical technology.
 Return of the Guardians is an album by David Arkenstone released in 1996. It is the final album in a trilogy that includes In the Wake of the Wind and Quest of the Dream Warrior. The album is based on a fantasy story by Arkenstone and Mercedes Lackey that appears in the booklet. It revolves around the characters of Andolin from In the Wake of the Wind and Kyla from Quest of the Dream Warrior. The album also comes with a fold-out map of the world in which the story is set.
 To Be Happy (快樂為主) is an album by Taiwanese pop singer Evonne Hsu released in 2002.
 Nic Jones is an album by Nic Jones released in 1971.
 Instinct Dance is a compilation album by Moby collecting tracks previously released on EPs under several pseudonyms. Two years later a similar compilation was released under the name of Early Underground.
 Cellout EP 01 is an EP by the American electronic rock band Celldweller. In late 2010 Klayton announced that he is planning to release studio recordings of the live versions of Celldweller songs played on the tour. The first piece of these releases Cellout EP 01 was released on January 25 2011 as iTunes exclusive. On May 20 he posted the EP version of Own Little World as a free download for reaching 75000 likes on his Facebook page.
 Disconnected EP is a recording by Profane Omen and it was released on 2007.EP was recorded by Aleksanteri Kuosa and Pekka Mikkola (drums) and Aleksanteri Kuosa and Ville Sorvali (guitars and all that). Album was also mixed by those three and mastered by Minerva Pappi.
 Skankin' Pickle Live is a live album by American ska punk band Skankin' Pickle released on Dill Records in 1995. Tracks 1-2 were recorded at 924 Gilman Street in Berkeley California on September 2 1995.
 Betrayal Justice Revenge is the second studio album by the Finnish symphonic/folk metal band Kivimetsän Druidi. It was released in 2010 on Century Media.
 Between the Wars is the thirteenth studio album by Al Stewart recorded with Laurence Juber. Its major theme is of the period 1918 to 1939 - Between the Wars. When released it was a critical success but a commercial failure.[citation needed]
 Moby Grape '84 is a 1984 album released by Moby Grape on the San Francisco Sound label. It is also known as Silver Wheels album after the introductory song on the album and as the Heart Album as referenced to the album cover.
 Amarte Bien is a studio album released by Venezuelan singer-songwriter Carlos Baute. The album was released by Warner Music on November 20 2010. It was recorded in Mexico City and produced by Juan Carlos Noguel Armando Ávila and Baute.Carlos Baute commented that he wanted that when people listen to my album they feel happy.
 When Somebody Loves You is the eighth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was released on November 7 2000 and produced the singles Where I Come From www.memory When Somebody Loves You and It's Alright to Be a Redneck.
 Portrait of Sheila is the 1962 debut album of American jazz singer Sheila Jordan released by Blue Note Records. In the 1963 Down Beat magazine Critics Poll she was ranked first in the vocal category for Talent Deserving Wider Recognition. She did not record again as a leader for more than a dozen years.
 The Panther! is an album by saxophonist Dexter Gordon which was recorded in 1970 and released on the Prestige label.
 Revelation Road is the thirteenth studio album by Shelby Lynne released on October 18 2011. On November 18 2012 Lynne released a deluxe edition that included bonus tracks and a live DVD.
 Mono Esi (Greek: Μόνο Εσύ; English: Only you) is the debut album by Greek musician Giannis Ploutarhos released in 1999 by Minos EMI in Greece and Cyprus. The songs Enas Theos Oti Ki An Mou Les and Mipos Ertheis were previously released on the artist's self-titled debut EP.
 Thank You Happy Birthday is the second studio album by American rock band Cage the Elephant. It was released on January 11 2011 to positive critical reception. The album was produced by Jay Joyce who worked in the same capacity on the band's eponymous debut album.
 Seven Songs For Quartet And Chamber Orchestra is an album by Gary Burton.
 Apistogramma is a 1998 Trumans Water album released by Justice My Eye/Elevated Loin. It features a cover of the Sun Ra song: Rocket #9. Ron Paulos plays sax on #4#5and #7.
 Hi Fly is a live jazz album by British saxophonist Peter King with the Philippe Briand Trio recorded live at Le Plateau des Quatre Vent Lorient Brittany France by Daniel Duigou on 4 March 1984. It was King's fourth album on the Spotlite label.
 The Lost Tapes – Rare Recordings 1991–2007 is a compilation album by Ooberman released in September 2007 on the band's own Rotodisc label.Running in date order most of the tracks were recovered and restored from old cassette and DAT tapes many of which were thought to have been lost forever in a burglary.
 Opium is an album by English musician Matt Berry.Opium is Berry's second album originally released in 2008.
 Wagonwheel Blues is the debut studio album by American indie rock band The War on Drugs released on June 17 2008 on Secretly Canadian. It is the only studio album to feature contributions from drummer Kyle Lloyd.
 All Delighted People is an EP by Sufjan Stevens released online by Asthmatic Kitty Records on August 20 2010. It is centered on two versions of Stevens' ballad All Delighted People. According to the official release webpage it is an homage to the Apocalypse existential ennui and Paul Simon’s 'Sound of Silence'. It debuted at #48 on the Billboard 200 and jumped to number #27 the week after.
 Engine Takes to the Water is the debut album by Louisville-based math rock band June of 44.
 The New Daylight is the debut album by the Dutch trance producer Dash Berlin released in 2009.
 Voila! is the third studio album by Italian singer In-Grid. It was released in 2005 and it featured songs on French and English languages. An English vocal album was also released.
 Orgi Pörnchen 2 – Der Soundtrack is the second soundtrack from King Orgasmus' porn film Orgi Pörnchen 2 - Das Auge fickt mit.
 Gold Edition is a 3-Disc box set by Emerson Lake & Palmer released in 2007.
 The Royal Scam is the fifth album by Steely Dan originally released by ABC Records in 1976. The album went gold and peaked at #15 on the charts. The Royal Scam features more prominent guitar work than other Steely Dan albums.
 The Remixes II is the second remix album by Japanese duo Every Little Thing. It was released on November 18 1998 by Avex Trax. The album contains remixes of tracks from second album Time to Destination. A 4-vinyl edition of the album was released on June 16 1999 including previously unreleased remixes that didn't make it to the original CD tracklisting.
 A Mad & Faithful Telling is the fifth album from the band DeVotchKa. It was released by ANTI- Records on March 18 2008. The band's largest tour to date in support of A Mad & Faithful Telling began on April 26 2008 at the Coachella Music Festival.
 SuperMelodrama is the first album from the band DeVotchKa released by Dago Records in 2000.
 Happy Ground is the second album by American jazz vibraphonist Johnny Lytle which was recorded in 1961 for the Jazzland label. The album was later reissued on the Riverside label in 1963.
 Este es tu Rock: Cuca is the fourth compilation of the Mexican hard rock band Cuca this belongs to the collection Este es tu Rock where also other groups like Coda and Soda Stereo.
 Witold Lutosławski: String Quartet is a studio album by the Kronos Quartet containing String quartet by Polish Witold Lutosławski composed in 1964 and first performed in 1965. This string quartet is an example of aleatory music that is music in which some element of the composition is left to chance and/or some primary element of a composed work's realization is left to the determination of its performer(s).
 That's Life is a studio album released in 2005 by American country music artist Neal McCoy. It was released on his own 903 Music label. Three singles were released from this album: Billy's Got His Beer Goggles On the first of these three reached #10 on the Hot Country Songs charts in 2005 becoming McCoy's first Top Ten hit since The Shake in 1997. The Last of a Dying Breed peaked at #36 while Tail on the Tailgate failed to chart.
 Meditation (subtitle: Aspect of Toshiko Akiyoshi Quartet) is a jazz album by pianist Toshiko Akiyoshi and her quartet recorded in Tokyo in late February 1971 and released in Japan by Dan Records.
 Wide Awake Bored is Treble Charger's fourth album released on April 24 2001 in the United States. American Psycho Brand New Low and Business had their music videos and some notable radio airplay.
 Saade Vol. 1 is the second studio album from Swedish singer Eric Saade. It was first released on 29 June 2011 in Sweden and Norway.
 Riddim Driven: Trilogy is the fourth album in VP Records' Riddim Driven series. It was released in March 2001 on CD and LP. It was the first album in the series to feature exclusively one riddim. The last 5 tracks only appear on the CD edition.
 Wiedehopf Im Mai – Sandie Shaw Singt Auf Deutsch is a compilation album by 1960s British pop singer Sandie Shaw featuring all her German language recordings many of which are versions of her hits. The album was released in 2004 by EMI.The album's title—which literally translates to Hoopoe In May—is a reference to the title of German version of her winning Eurovision song from 1967 Puppet on a String.
 Word Salad is a 1979 debut album by Fischer-Z. John Watts and Steve Skolnik formed the band in 1976 whilst at Brunel University. John Watts had been travelling up and down the country playing the club circuit. Fischer-Z was playing a crossover of the New Wave Punk and Reggae genres. In 1978 the band secured a record deal with United Artists alongside the Buzzcocks The Stranglers and Dr. Feelgood.
 The Birth is the debut studio album by American rock band Stardeath and White Dwarfs.
 For the long-running television show see The Late Late Show.The Late Late Late Show is the first full-length release by North Carolina horror themed punk band the Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13. It was released on Uncle God Damn Records in 1996 and was later re-released as part of the Little Box of Horrors box set in 2006 on Restless Records.
 Justin Timberlake: Live from London is the first live album by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake. It was released on December 15 2003 by Jive Records. It documents Timberlake's performance at the London Arena on May 18 2003.
 Totally Hip Hop is an album in the Totally Hits series. Released in 2003 the compilation focuses on mostly hip hop singles that were released in the early 2000s.
 Extended Play is New Zealand singer Gin Wigmore's debut extended play release.
 Back Burner is the third studio album by American metalcore band For the Fallen Dreams. It was released on May 24 2011 through Rise Records and was produced by Tom Denney the former guitarist of A Day to Remember. Back Burner is the first album not to feature original drummer and primary songwriter Andrew Tkaczyk and final for Rise Records before their subsequent contractual release from the label.
 Shooting Star Live is a 1996 album by the group Shooting Star.
 Canciones Para Llevar is Coti Sorokin's second solo album.
 Dugo znamo se (trans. We Know Each Other for a Long Time) is the tenth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band YU grupa. It is the band's first album since the release of the album Rim 1994 in 1995.
 Ayúdame a ser tuyo is the 3rd album by Puerto Rican actor and singer Sergio Blass It was released in 1998
 Ricanstruction: The Black Rosary is the fourth studio album by rapper Chino XL. It was released on September 25 2012. The album won the 2012 HHUG Album of the Year award
 Deià...Vu is the eleventh studio album by Kevin Ayers recorded in December 1980 and released in Spain after a remix in August 1984. All tracks are written by Kevin Ayers except 6 (Bob Dylan). Recorded at Maller Studios Palma de Mallorca. The title refers to the Spanish village Deià Majorca.
 Butts Band is the first album by The Butts Band released in 1974. Pop-a-Top was released as a single with Baja Bus on the B side. Band founders Robby Krieger and John Densmore would assemble an entirely new group of musicians for the band's second and final album 1975's Hear and Now.
 Bessemer Cocktail is an album by Global Goon released in 2005. There is a turn in style and genre from his previously releases with new acid house influences. It only available on LP no official CD is available.
 Music From The Motion Picture Wayne's World is the original soundtrack album of Wayne's World. It was released on February 18 1992.
 This article describes the 21st album in the South African Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 21 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 21 or Now 21 was released in 1995. The album is the 21st edition of the South African Now! series.Crystal Waters - 100% pure love was also included on Now 20.
 Loved by Few Hated by Many is the twelfth solo studio album (and mainstream debut) by rapper Lil' Keke. After being delayed for more than two years it was released on November 18 2008.The album includes the singles I'm A G featuring Birdman Money in the City featuring Slim Thug Paul Wall and Tre Virdure What It's Made For and She Love Gangstas.
 Viva Flamenco! is the second and highly anticipated sequel to Flamenco: Fire and Grace – flamenco collection from Narada Productions. It's liner notes contain brief biographies with pictures of each performer as they appear in sequence.On Narada Productions web site track 13 Chanela by Paco de Lucía is not listed. However every where that still sell the compilation includes the track.
 Kila Kila Kila is the fourth studio album from the Japanese rock band OOIOO originally released in 2003 in Japan. It was later released in America on February 17 2004 the band's first album released on Thrill Jockey.
 Queen Secret Keeper is the twelfth studio album by the British singer-songwriter Judie Tzuke released in 2001.
 The Best & the Rest is a greatest hits compilation by Polish singer Kayah released in 2005.
 United Abominations is the eleventh studio album by American thrash metal band Megadeth. Released on May 8 2007 United Abominations is the first Megadeth release distributed through Roadrunner Records and with the exception of the band's frontman Dave Mustaine was recorded with an all-new line-up.
 Sleep No More was released on August 21 1981 on Polydor Records. It was The Comsat Angels' second album and is widely regarded as a masterpiece that had a major influence on bands such as U2 (who toured with the band) and latterly Editors and Interpol. The album was reissued on CD twice in 1995 by RPM Records and in 2006 by Renascent Records with different track listings (see below).
 Bootleg Retrospective is the second-released album by The Slits. The album is officially untitled. It is also referred to as Y (its record label) Y3LP (its serial number) Y3Lp—The Official Bootleg (On a Japanese RCA Victor reissue) and in Greil Marcus' book Lipstick Traces A Boring Life or Once Upon A Time In A Living Room.The album consists of lo-fi demos and live performances mostly in all likelihood from 1977-9 preceding the sessions for 1979's Cut album.
 Your Woman is Sunshine Anderson's debut album. The album featured her Hot R&B/Hip Hop number one single Heard It All Before and the follow-up single Lunch or Dinner. The album was certified Gold in 2001.
 Mickey Mouse Disco is an album released by Disneyland Records in 1979. A late entry in the genre of disco Mickey Mouse Disco included disco versions of Disney classics and Disney-fied versions of disco classics. Re-released on CD in 1995 this album is currently out of print in all physical formats but is currently available for download from iTunes.A music video of the album was released in 1980 and was occasionally shown on television since then.
 The Platinum Collection is a compilation album released by Faith No More in 2006.
 Miracle Mile is the 1989 Tangerine Dream soundtrack album from the 1988 film Miracle Mile.
 Planet of da Apes was the second and final album by Da Lench Mob.
 The Greatest Hits Collection is the first greatest hits album by American country music artist Alan Jackson. Released on October 24 1995 it includes the greatest hits from his first four studio albums as well as an album cut from his 1989 debut Here in the Real World and two new tracks — Tall Tall Trees and I'll Try both of which were Number One hits for him on the Billboard Hot Country Songs.
 The Best of Peter Green Splinter Group is a compilation album by the British blues band the Peter Green Splinter Group led by Peter Green. Released in 2002 this was a two-disc set. Green was the founder of Fleetwood Mac and a member of that group from 1967–70 before a sporadic solo career during the late 1970s and early 1980s. This compilation was re-released in 2006.
 This Moment Is Mine is the third album released by R&B singer Chanté Moore. The album was released on May 25 1999 four and a half years after her previous album A Love Supreme. The album gave her her biggest hit to date Chante's Got a Man which became her first top ten single on the Billboard Hot 100 as well as a #2 hit on the R&B charts.
 Pavour Nocturnus is the first EP by the Australian hard rock band Behind Crimson Eyes released in 2005. It is the band's debut official release as the only thing that came before this EP was a rare demo from 2004. Along with the demo and following EP Prologue: The Art of War/Cherry Blossom Epitaph Pavour Nocturnus saw re-release on the compilation album Scream Out Your Name To The Night. The words pavour nocturnus roughly translate to night terrors.
 At Sixes and Sevens is the debut studio album by the Norwegian gothic metal band Sirenia and their only album featuring the vocals of French singer Fabienne Gondamin. The woman on the cover is a Norwegian model picked by the designer to represent a Siren.
 Temple of Shadows is a concept album by the power metal band Angra and was released in 2004 by Paradoxx Music in Brazil and SPV label Steamhammer in the rest of the world. SPV also released a limited edition containing a bonus DVD with the complete video material of the concert that was previously released on their album Rebirth World Tour – Live in São Paulo.
 Fabric 02 is a DJ mix compilation album by Terry Francis as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 The Many Moods of Bobby Vinton is a 2-LP collection of previously recorded songs by Bobby Vinton. Each LP consists of ten songs. The first LP consists of songs that refer to colors while the second LP consists of those that refer to loneliness (exactly like his album Bobby Vinton Sings for Lonely Nights). The track Oh Lonesome Me features Vinton not on vocals but on saxophone.
 Just a Love Song... Christian Bautista Live! is the first live album by Filipino singer Christian Bautista released on January 24 2007 in the Philippines by Warner Music Philippines. The album is composed of nineteen revival tracks from the 70's up to the 90's. It was recorded overnight at Teatrino Greenhills backed by basic rhythm section a grand piano and a string section while being watched by an audience composing of specially invited fans.
 Ghetto Stories is the debut album by rapper Tre-8. It was released on October 31 1995 through No Limit Records and was produced by Tre-8 Beats By the Pound and Ice Mike. This was one of No Limit's first releases with distribution from Priority Records but was a farcry from the labels later albums only making it to #84 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 The Bake Sale is the critically acclaimed EP by American hip hop duo The Cool Kids.
 Greatest Hits Volume III is a compilation album released by Barry Manilow in 1989 on Arista Records. It was the third of a three-album series released that year along with Volume I and Volume II.
 Live in Concert November 4th 2001 is a live album released by Canadian indie pop band Eric's Trip. It was recorded at Richards On Richards in Vancouver British Columbia on 4 November 2001. The photo on the cover however was taken 9 September 2001 at 53rd Street & 3rd a club in Moncton.
 Men In Worship is a Christian worship music album recorded by Jack Hayford. The album was recorded live at Church On The Way in Van Nuys California and was released in 1995 by Integrity/Hosanna! Music/Sparrow Records. This album is the first live fully participatory worship experience sung entirely by men from Integrity/Hosanna! Music. Over 1500 men joined with Pastor Jack Hayford to lift the name of Jesus.
 16 de Septiembre is a studio album released by American performer Little Joe and his band La Familia named after the beginning of the Mexican War of Independence.. It was released in 1991 by Sony Music Entertainment. The album peaked at number 14 in the Billboard Regional Mexican Albums chart and earned Little Joe the Grammy Award for Best Mexican-American Performance at the 34th Grammy Awards.
 Kiss + Swallow is the debut album by IAMX and was released on July 13 2004. It mostly consists of tracks that were recorded for the unreleased fourth studio album by Sneaker Pimps which is dubbed SP4 by the fans.
 Electrified is the fourth studio album from Denver quartet Dressy Bessy. The album was released on Transdreamer Records in June 2005.
 Sweet Baby James is singer-songwriter James Taylor's second album and his first release on Warner Bros. Records. Released in February 1970 it showcased Taylor's talents and showed the direction he would take in the early 1970s with the expansion of his career. The album featured one of Taylor's earliest single successes: Fire and Rain which reached #3 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album itself also managed to reach #3 on the Billboard Album Charts.
 V.S.O.P. is a April 1977 jazz-funk fusion double live album by keyboard player Herbie Hancock featuring performances by the V.S.O.P. Quintet (Hancock Freddie Hubbard Wayne Shorter Ron Carter & Tony Williams) the Mwandishi band with Eddie Henderson on two tracks and The Headhunters featuring Bennie Maupin and Paul Jackson.
 Trésor is an R&B hip hop and soul French double album written and performed by French-Algerian singer Kenza Farah. The album her third studio album contains 18 tracks (including two bonus and a bonus virgin mega) and guest appearances with Segnor Alonzo Lea Castel Melissa M Younes Kayline (Karismatik) and Nabila (Karismatik). It was released November 15 2010 in France.
 Morning Noon Night is Jim Guthrie's second album on Three Gut Records.
 Tea for Two was a 10 LP album released by Columbia Records on September 4 1950 under catalog number CL-6149 featuring Doris Day with Axel Stordahl conducting the orchestra on some pieces and the Page Cavanaugh Trio as backup musicians on others. It contained songs from the soundtrack of the movie of the same name.The Columbia catalog number was CL-6149.
 So Real: Songs from Jeff Buckley is a 'best of' compilation album of Jeff Buckley material released on May 22 2007.It reached #1 in the Irish Albums Chart and has also reached #26 in Australia. The album peaked at #16 in the UK becoming Buckley's 3rd consecutive top 20 album and since the success of the top 3 single Hallelujah has seen sales increase dramatically in the early part of 2009.
 Omega Point Is the twelfth studio album by Spear of Destiny. The album was made available on Kirk Brandon's official site before the actual release date as a direct download. Unlike the last album this one was made available on iTunes.
 Bethlehem is a Christmas album by Brian McKnight released October 20 1998.
 One in the Sun is credited as the only solo album by Steve Gaines best known as the guitarist for Lynyrd Skynyrd. It was recorded with Crawdad bandmates at Capricorn studios in Macon Georgia in 1975 but not released until 1988 by MCA Records 11 years after Gaines' death in a plane crash.
 All the Houses Look the Same is the first full-length album by indie rock band Deas Vail. It was released on March 6 2007 under Brave New World Records.
 Wreckin' 2004 is a collarborative studio album from Houston rappers Lil' Keke and Big Hawk. It is Lil' Keke's third collarborative album and Big Hawk's first. It was released on January 4 2004 and the cover is a parody to the video game Madden 2004.
 Richard Pryor: Here and Now is the final official album of stand up by Richard Pryor. Recorded at Saenger Theatre in New Orleans Louisiana it too was released with a film counterpart.
 Christmas World is the second studio album by the German group Banaroo.
 My Love Affair with Trains is an album by American country singer Merle Haggard released in 1976.
 Den ständiga resan is the fourth studio album from Swedish pop singer Marie Fredriksson. The title track was covered by Swedish progressive death metal band Opeth and featured on their special edition issue of Watershed in 2008.
 Rock and Rollin' with Fats Domino originally released as Carry on Rockin' is the 1955 debut album by R&B pianist and vocalist Fats Domino compiling a number of his hits and other material some of which would soon become hits. The album which featured a woodcut portrait of the musician reached #17 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart. It is believed to have been produced by engineer Bunny Robyn due to the notation on the cover A Robyn Recording.
 Block Out DVD is the self-titled DVD release by the Serbian alternative rock band Block Out. The DVD featuring the December 23 2005 Dom Omladine live recording and all the promotional videos the band recorded throughout their career was released by Multimedia records in 2007.
 Yesyesyesyesyes (stylised as yesyesyesyesyes) is the debut album from Brisbane band The Boat People. It is the first full-length release following four EPs over five years.It features the singles Clean and Unsettle my Heart as well as Tell Someone Who Cares a song from their previous EP of the same name.The group has three different singers on the record.
 Kozmetika (trans. Cosmetics) is the only album by the eponymous Yugoslav New Wave band. It was released in 1983.The album Kozmetika was polled in 1998 as the 98th on the list of 100 greatest Yugoslav popular music albums in the book YU 100: najbolji albumi jugoslovenske rok i pop muzike (YU 100: The Best albums of Yugoslav pop and rock music).
 Truth Be Told Part 1 is the first extended play by Greyson Chance. It contains five original songs it was released on November 19 2012.
 Sgrech is a 'best of' compilation album by the Welsh rock band Crys. It was released in 2006 on the Sain record label on CD and electronic download. It includes tracks from the band's debut single and first three studio albums. A new track 'Sgrech' was also recorded and included.
 Exclusive iTunes EP is a digital EP by Aqualung exclusive to the iTunes music store that contains two b-sides available on CD singles. Nothing Else Matters from the Good Times Gonna Come CD2 and Over from the Brighter Than Sunshine CD1. The band would follow up this release with Exclusive iTunes EP 2.
 If These Streets Could Talk is the debut album from Just Surrender. The artwork was done by haymakerprint.com. The band recorded two videos from this album Tell Me Everything and I Can Barely Breathe. This is the first CD on their label Broken English Records. The album was produced by John Naclerio who was already known for his work with bands such as Brand New and Senses Fail.
 Earth to Atlanta is a live DVD concert of the band Widespread Panic filmed at the Fabulous Fox Theater in Atlanta GA on May 9 2006. This 2 DVD set features the performance of the band's nationwide simulcast to 115 Regal/Edwards/United Artists cinemas nationwide. This was a companion piece to the 2006 CD release Earth To America. The DVDs were filmed in High Definition/ 5.1 surround sound.
 Age Eternal is the debut and sole album of the doom metal band Middian released on March 20 2007.
 Long Hard Look is the second solo album from Lou Gramm released in 1989 (See 1989 in music).
 Shaquille O'Neal Presents His Superfriends Vol. 1 is an unreleased album by Shaquille O'Neal. Completed in 2001 it was intended to be the NBA superstar's fifth solo album. Producers for the album included Denaun Porter Big Tank L. T. Hutton Rick Rock and Dr. Dre. The original release date was slated for September 11 2001 but was pushed back to October 9 of the same year. After much delay the album was abandoned completely and never released.
 An Ode To Woe is a live album by My Dying Bride. The set contains a live show recorded in Amsterdam on CD and DVD during the band's mini-tour for the album A Line of Deathless Kings. The set marks the second live CD release by the band and the third on DVD. The show was originally broadcast by website Fabchannel where it is still available for viewing.
 Live and Well is a live album by Dolly Parton released on September 14 2004. It was recorded during her 2002 Halos & Horns Tour her first in years; the performances on December 12 and 13 2002 were used. A DVD of the concert was released simultaneously with the album.
 Surf Drags & Rock 'n' Roll is the sixth album released by surf music band The Surfin' Lungs released in 2006 on the Spanish label Wild Punk Records and featuring another new line-up with Sputnik Weazel replacing Ray Webb in the drumseat. Apart from being a soloist in his own right Sputnik also previously played in a band called The X-ocettes. All 13 tracks were written by the group who had moved to a new label Spain's Wild Punk Records.
 All or Nothing is the third studio album from Christian band Mikeschair which it is produced by Matt Bronleewe David Garcia Ben Glover Jason Ingram and Rusty Varenkamp and the album released on April 1 2014 by Curb Records.
 One Life Stand is the fourth studio album by English electronic band Hot Chip released digitally on 1 February 2010. The physical album was released in the United Kingdom on 1 February 2010 by Parlophone and in the United States the following week on 9 February 2010 by Astralwerks. The first single from the album One Life Stand was released digitally on 30 November 2009 through the iTunes Store.
 The Long Hello Volume Two is a studio instrumental album by Guy Evans and Nic Potter released 1981. It was recorded and mixed at Hidden Drive Studios.
 I Never Even Asked for Light is the second studio album by Lullaby for the Working Class. It was released October 21 1997 on Bar/None Records.
 Bottle Rocket is one of the albums from Christian rock band Guardian. The album was released on August 5 1997 and was produced by Steve Taylor.This album delved deeper into the alternative and grunge genre the band explored in their previous album.As of 2006 this is the last studio album to feature bassist David Bach.
 Six Days Before the Flood is the title of the third live album by singer-songwriter Judie Tzuke released in 2000.
 Novo Aeon (Portuguese for New Aeon) is the third studio solo album by Brazilian musician Raul Seixas. It was released in 1975. Most of this album's tracks were heavily influenced by the work of Aleister Crowley and other occultist works with the major example being the title track. Not as successful as Raul's previous album it was a sales' failure.
 Pomplamoose originally released as Pomplamoose VideoSongs is the self-titled debut album of American musical duo Pomplamoose
 Peace at Last is the third album from Glasgow-based pop group The Blue Nile released in 1996 (see 1996 in music) via Warner Bros. Records.
 Electro-Shock for President is the last release from the band Brainiac. The band decided to use only electronic equipment instead of guitars to demonstrate the band's ever-evolving sound. This album was intended to be a teaser for Brainiac's fourth album expected to be their major label debut on Interscope Records.
 Mindy McCready is the title of the fourth studio album from American country music singer Mindy McCready. It was released on Capitol Nashville in 2002 as her only album for the label. This album peaked at #29 on the US country charts. The album included three singles Scream Maybe Maybe Not (later recorded by Mila Mason on her 2003 album Stained Glass Window) and Lips Like Yours. Steve Mandile lead singer of the band Sixwire co-wrote the track Don't Speak.
 Body to Body is the twelfth album of Blue System. Was published in 1995 by BMG Ariola and was produced by Dieter Bohlen. The album includes 11 new tracks.
 Pimpoint is the fourth studio album by Japanese jazz group Soil & Pimp Sessions. It was released on August 21 2007.
 iTunes Session is a live EP by The Black Keys released on October 19 2010 as part of the Live Session distributed exclusively through iTunes. All the tracks were recorded live. The album features tracks mainly from their sixth album Brothers.
 The Hits Album 2 or Hits 2 as it is often called is a compilation album that was released in April 1985 in the UK. The spine of the album as well as the inside cover lists the title as HITS 2 THE ALBUM. It was released by CBS and WEA. It reached #1 in the UK Top 100 Album Chart for 6 weeks.
 Rainmaker is YFriday's debut album. Released in 1999 before the band went full time the album contains the well known track Holy Holy Holy.
 Transition is the second studio album by English hip-hop artist Chipmunk. It was released on 15 April 2011 by Jive Records in the United Kingdom but was set to be released in the United States on 12 July 2011 by RCA Records at the same time with Jive Records and Sony Music Entertainment. The album debuted at number 10 in the United Kingdom with first-week sales of 9445 copies.
 In Battle There Is No Law is an EP and the first release by German death metal band Heaven Shall Burn. It was released in 1998 by Deeds Of Revolution Records and re-released in 2002 by Circulation Records with seven bonus tracks. The name is a reference to the album In Battle There Is No Law by English death metal band Bolt Thrower.
 Red Rose Speedway is the second album by Wings and was credited to Paul McCartney and Wings. The album was released in 1973 after the relatively weak commercial performance of the band's debut Wild Life which had been credited only to the then-unknown Wings. The album reached number 1 on the Billboard 200.
 Born Naked is the sixth studio album from American singer-songwriter actor and drag queen RuPaul. It was released on iTunes and Amazon through RuCo on February 24 2014 coinciding with the sixth season premiere of RuPaul's Drag Race. The album is a mix of electronic bounce rock and gospel tunes.The album debuted with sales of 4000 copies and debuted on the Billboard 200 at No. 85.
 Kafka's Breakfast is the third studio album by Djam Karet released in 1988 through Auricle.
 The Dynasty: Roc La Familia is the fifth studio album released by American rapper Jay-Z. Its lead single I Just Wanna Love U (Give It 2 Me) produced by The Neptunes was one of Jay-Z's most successful singles peaking at number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album debuted at #1 on the Billboard 200 with 557789 copies sold in its first week and more than 2.3 million copies sold to date.
 Uncle Jam Wants You is the eleventh studio album by American funk band Funkadelic. It was originally released by Warner Bros. Records on September 21 1979 and was later reissued on CD by Charly Groove Records and Priority Records. It was produced by George Clinton under the alias Dr. Funkenstein. It is the first Funkadelic album since America Eats Its Young in 1972 not to sport a cover illustrated by Funkadelic artist Pedro Bell though Bell did contribute some interior artwork.
 Choice Is Yours is the third mini album by the Japanese entertainers AAA. It only features the male members of AAA. It was released on avex trax on June 18 2008 in three different editions: CD CD accompanied by a Live DVD and CD accompanied by DVD.It charted at #10 on the Oricon album chart.
 Purp & Patron is a double disc mixtape by West Coast rapper Game released as a free online download on January 24 2011. The mixtape is hosted by DJ Skee and Funkmaster Flex. The mixtape's production was handled by several record producers including Dr. Dre Ervin 'EP' Pope The Neptunes Bink DJ Shake Nottz 1500 or Nothin' Che Vicious D.A.
 Let's Talk About Leftovers is an album consisting of a compilation of unreleased B-sides and rare songs by Lagwagon originally released on February 8 2000 on Joey Cape's now defunct My Records label. It was re-released on August 27 2002 by Fat Wreck Chords.
 A Portrait Of Jon Larsen (recorded in 2002-08) is a double album from guitarist Jon Larsen on his label Hot Club Records.
 Ashes in the Brittle Air is the third album by the gothic darkwave band Black Tape for a Blue Girl. It was released in 1989 by Projekt Records and contains one of their best known songs Across a Thousand Blades sung by Oscar Herrera.
 From Genesis to Revelation is the first studio album by Genesis released in March 1969 on Decca Records in England (London Records in North America). It was produced by Jonathan King who discovered them in 1967 while the members of Genesis were pupils at Charterhouse School King's alma mater.
 Near Infinite Possibility is the fifth studio album released by American singer-songwriter Sarah Fimm.
 Gorilla Biscuit aka Gorilla Biscuit: B Sides and Rarities is a compilation album by iconic Australian rock group Hoodoo Gurus. It was also released as a 2CD set with Electric Soup. The 1993 ARIA Award for 'Best Cover Art' was awarded to Paul McNeil & Richard All for Electric Soup / Gorilla Biscuit
 The Circle & the Square is the first album by Red Box and was released in 1986. This album contained the group's two UK top ten hits Lean on Me and For America.
 The Best of UFO is a compilation album of the British hard rock band UFO. The album was produced by EMI Music and distributed by CEMA Special Markets as part of the compilation series 'Ten Best Series' in 2002. This 'Ten Best' CD is a compilation of hits originally released on Chrysalis Records from 1976 through 1980.
 Born Performer: Live in Japan is a live album by English singer-songwriter Linda Lewis. It was recorded at 'On Air East' in Tokyo Japan on October 20 and 21 1995.
 Home at Last combines No More Night (1985) and Favorite Hymns (1989). As No More Night was not released on CD at the time this compilation album is the only available CD release of that album.
 Glee: The Music The Christmas Album Volume 2 is the soundtrack album by the cast of the American musical television series Glee released by Columbia Records on November 11 2011.
 Confidence Man is the first solo album by The New Amsterdams and Get Up Kids frontman Matt Pryor.
 Zero Tolerance is a compilation album released by Karmageddon Media under the name Chuck Schuldiner. The album consists of demo tracks for the second Control Denied album and various Death demos and live recordings. This is Candlelight Records two CD version but Karmageddon Media released these four Control Denied tracks and other Death material on one CD.
 The Graduate is the third studio album by London-born singer-songwriter Nerina Pallot which was released in the United Kingdom and Ireland on October 5 2009. The album title refers to Pallot's 2009 graduation from university with a first-class honours English Literature degree.
 The Betrayed is the fourth studio album by the Welsh alternative rock band Lostprophets released through Visible Noise and Sony Music Entertainment on 13 January 2010. Although the band initially wished to record a quick follow-up to 2006's Liberation Transmission problems with labels and producers led to numerous delays.
 Obsidian is the third studio album from Electronic musician Baths. It was released in May 2013 under Anticon Records.
 Alexandria the Great is the third studio album by the American jazz singer Lorez Alexandria.
 Greatest Hits... and Misses is a compilation album by American actor singer and songwriter Paul Jabara. The album includes tracks from Jabara's three studio albums on the Casablanca Records label; Shut Out (1977) Keeping Time (1978) and The Third Album (1979).Greatest Hits...
 Scraps is an album by the rock band NRBQ (New Rhythm and Blues Quartet) released in 1972 on Kama Sutra Records which also released their next album Workshop. It is the group's first album with guitarist/vocalist Al Anderson who would remain with the band for over twenty years. Anderson replaced previous guitarist Ken Sheehan. Anderson was prohibited from singing lead vocals on the album due to an existing contract as a solo artist with Vanguard Records.
 Songs of Innocence and of Experience is the debut full length by Adequate Seven. It contains 13 tracks two of which were originally on the Adequate 7 EP. This work features the original line up of the band: Ben Reynolds (Drums) Jamie Searle (Vocals) Jonny Prosser (Bass) Kazz Basma (Guitar) Pete Barnes (Guitars) Matt Price (Trumpet) and Tom Pinder (Trombone).
 Proglution is the 3rd full album released by Japanese rock band Uverworld as well as being the follow-up to their second album Bugright. The album was released January 16 2008.
 Will Power is a 1987 album by Joe Jackson. It is his first experiment with classical music continued in later albums including Night Music Heaven and Hell and Symphony No. 1.
 No Time for Dreaming is the 2011 debut album from American soul singer Charles Bradley. Mojo placed the album at number 40 on its list of Top 50 albums of 2011. The cover art is photographed by Kisha Bari at Wave Rock Western Australia.
 Homo erectus is a rock/pop album by the Austrian band Schürzenjäger.
 Street of Lost Brothers is the fifth album by Gary Lucas released on October 24 2000 through Tzadik Records.
 Limey is the debut mixtape by British recording artist Rainy Milo released in October 2012 through an independent label. The mixtape is Milo's first body of work released after Milo began singing with local musicians and arts collectives when she was fourteen. Rainy began surfing the internet for jazz-inspired hip-hop beats in which she found producer BLCK RSSN. Milo enlisted BLCK RSSN as a producer for the mixtape along with Oddisee Daje Chet Faker Flowzart Cole M.G.N.
 Don't Knock the Baldhead! Live is a live album by Bad Manners released in 1997. The album was re-released in 2005 as Feel Like Jumping! Greatest Hits Live! The album was recorded in Summer 1996 when the band performed live at two Scandinavian festivals and was engineered by their legendary producer Roger Lomas.
 Livequake is the first live album of the progressive Italian band Eldritch recorded at Music Street Club in Pisa.
 Future Perfect is the debut full-length album by Autolux (released November 21 2004) on T-Bone Burnett's label DMZ under Columbia. Future Perfect was recorded in Los Angeles at Sunset Sound and was produced by T-Bone Burnett. The opening track on the album Turnstile Blues was known for its heavy distinctive drumbeat and musical atmosphere.
 Welcome is the fifth studio album by Santana released in 1973. It followed the jazz-fusion formula that the preceding Caravanserai had inaugurated but with an expanded and different lineup this time. Gregg Rolie had left the band along with Neal Schon to form Journey and they were replaced by Tom Coster Leon Thomas and John McLaughlin who had collaborated with Carlos Santana on Love Devotion Surrender.
 Filthy Lucre Live is a 1996 live album by the then recently reformed Sex Pistols.The album was recorded live at London's Finsbury Park on 23 June 1996 during the band's Filthy Lucre Tour.
 The Last Shall Be First is the second and final album released by rap group The Dwellas (Formally Cella Dwellas). It was released on September 26 2000 and like the group's previous album was released through Loud Records and mostly produced by Nick Wiz with additional production by Rockwilder Large Professor and Ayatollah.The album was met with positive reviews but it was not a commercial success not making it to any Billboard charts.
 The Residents Radio Special is an album released by The Residents in 1979. This cassette was a promotional item issued to radio stations shortly before the release of Eskimo. It was soon offered through the mail-order service in limited quantities on cassette. The cassette was re-released in 1980 and 1984. A limited edition entitled Eat Exuding Oinks! was released in 2001 featuring the original radio show and the digitally remastered versions of the songs.
 Dogg Chit is the fifth studio album by rap group Tha Dogg Pound. Guests include Too Short Snoop Dogg RBX The Game and Their former rivals B.G. Knocc Out and Dresta. The album cover by DPG artist Toon is a throwback to Dogg Pound's 1995 debut album Dogg Food.The first single is Vibe featuring Snoop Dogg and a music video has been made for it.It sold 11837 copies in its first week certifying it for the 77th spot on the US Billboard 200.
 Monterey '66 is a live album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1966 at the Monterey Jazz Festival but not released on the Verve label until 1994.
 The Complete Recordings Nineteen Thirty-Nine is a 1995 compilation album by Frank Sinatra containing 21 songs he's recorded when he started his singing career in 1939 with Harry James.
 Big Dipper is the first album released by Drop Trio. The album debuted in 2003 and was self-released by the band. The 45 min record has been heralded by critics all around the world and is a premier example of melodic funk jazz.
 Future Retro is a compilation remix album released in 2006.
 The Best of Death in Vegas is a compilation album by Death in Vegas released in October 2007 in the UK. The album is a part of a Sony/BMG budget-title series. This best-of is a cheaper alternative to the previously released Milk It: The Best of Death in Vegas.
 Is Growing Faith (also occasionally referred to as White Fence Is Growing Faith) is a 2011 psychedelic lo-fi garage rock album by Tim Presley under the moniker White Fence. The album was first released on January 18 2011 through Woodist. Presley served as the album's primary artist and worked as the album's composer engineer and lyricist as well as designing the album's artwork. Some vocals were performed by Emily Sills.
 New York Fever is the fourth album released by The Toasters in 1992.
 Unorthodox is the debut independent album by Mexican-American rapper Snow Tha Product released on October 26 2011. It was preceded by the Unorthodox 0.5 mixtape hosted by DJ Whoo Kid which included some of the songs from the album. Several videos were released for songs from the album including Drunk Love Woke Wednesday and Holy Shit which have nearly 3 million views on YouTube as of June 2013.
 Rautatie is the thirty-fourth album by Finnish experimental rock band Circle.It was issued in 2010 by Ektro Records and continues Circle's exploration of classic heavy metal whilst retaining their obsession with krautrock-style repetition. It was re-released in 2011 as a vinyl edition by Svart/Full Contact.
 The Butterfly Effect is the fourth studio album by Portuguese gothic metal band Moonspell released in 1999 inspired by chaos theory. The album is characterised by a more experimental approach than their previous material incorporating many elements of electronic music and industrial metal. The music is composed primarily by the band’s keyboardist Pedro Paixão.The beginning of Tired samples Mozart's Requiem.
 Alice's Restaurant: The Massacree Revisited is a 1996 album by American folk singer Arlo Guthrie. The album is a new recording of all material from the entire original Alice's Restaurant album as performed live 29 years later at The Church in Housatonic Massachusetts. The album cover of this release also pays homage to its predecessor as it pictures Arlo in the same pose as the original album—sitting at the dinner table holding his fork and knife waiting for Thanksgiving dinner to begin.
 Three Fact Fader is the second full-length studio album by British shoegazing band Engineers released on 6 July 2009 through the Kscope label. The album was produced by the band along with Ken Thomas who also worked with Sigur Rós M83 and Maps with artwork created by Tom Sheehan.To start promoting the record the band played their first live gig in over two years on 10 July 2009 at the Bush Hall in London. They were joined onstage by special guest Ulrich Schnauss.
 Wish I Could Make It a Story is the debut studio album by Israeli folk/indie solo artist Amit Erez released on September 20 2003.The album features early self-recordings Erez has made between the years 1998–2001 by himself at his house and influenced by such artists as Elliott Smith Nick Drake and Joni Mitchell. All the recordings feature a minimalistic style and feature only Erez singing and playing acoustic guitar.
 Pink in the Middle is the second and final album of the Las Vegas soul music band Home Cookin' featuring thirteen tracks. X-Rated Superstar Remix appeared in the film An American Vampire Story. Home Cookin' was voted Best Local Band and their albums were voted Best Local CD several times by Las Vegas audiophiles. The band intended to write an anthem for Las Vegas with City of Sin.
 Fingers Crossed is the first album by Australian indie pop band Architecture in Helsinki which was released on 9 February 2003 by independent record label Trifekta.It is known especially for its gentle high-pitched synthesizers and an ambitiously wide array of musical instruments many unconventional and prominent.
 'Til We See the Shore is the debut studio album by Christian alternative rock band Seabird. The album was released on June 24 2008 and contains material from their first two EPs Spread Your Broken Wings and Try and Let Me Go On. The album also spawned the band's first single Rescue.
 Up Close is Eric Johnson's sixth studio album released on December 7 2010.It is Johnson's first studio release since his 2005 album Bloom.The album features guest appearances by Malford Milligan Sonny Landreth Steve Miller Jimmie Vaughan and Jonny Lang.
 Rated Next is the debut studio album by American musical group Next. After forming the trio recorded several songs with record producers Prof. T. and Lance Alexander before catching recording artist and producer Kay Gee of Naughty by Nature's attention. He signed Next to his record label Divine Millsin and the album was recorded in Gee's in-home recording studio.
 Once is the debut album by American indie rock band The Tyde released in 2001.Neal Casal of Ryan Adams and the Cardinals lists Once as one of his favourite albums of all time.
 Lanemeyer/Emanuel Nice Split is a split single released by the bands Lanemeyer and Emanuel Nice in 2000.
 Wild at Honey is the second studio album by Japanese rock band Guitar Vader released in 2000. The album was their first release on Compact Disc following an album and several short releases on cassette tape. It was named for the Beach Boys album Wild Honey.
 Lurch is an EP by Steel Pole Bath Tub released in 1990 through Boner Records.
 Feed-Us is the second album by Cradle of Thorns released on March 29 1994 through Triple X Records.
 50th Anniversary Concert in Japan (Japanese title 渡米50周年記念日本公演 = American visit 50th anniversary commemorative Japanese performance) is a live concert album recorded by jazz pianist Toshiko Akiyoshi and released in Japan on the T-toc Record label. The concert commemorated 50 years since Akiyoshi left Japan to study and play jazz in the USA and the album received several Japanese music awards including a special award for Japanese Jazz from Swing Journal magazine.
 Hope This Finds You Well is a compilation album by the Pompano Beach Florida rock band Further Seems Forever released in 2006 by Tooth & Nail Records. It was released to coincide with the band's final tour as they had announced that they would break up following tours of the United States and Canada that Spring. The album includes tracks from all three of the band's full-length studio albums: The Moon is Down (2001) How to Start a Fire (2003) and Hide Nothing (2004).
 3e temps (pronounced Troisième temps) is the third studio album of Grand Corps Malade. It most notably includes a collaboration by Charles Aznavour a favorite artist of Fabien Marsaud (Grand Corps Malade).
 Bud Powell in Paris is a studio album by jazz pianist Bud Powell recorded in Paris for Reprise in February 1963 and released in 1964. It was produced by Duke Ellington.Alternates and outtakes from the session were released by Mythic Sound on Earl Bud Powell Vol. 6: Writin' for Duke 63.
 Die Pretty Die Young is the second album by the band Tormé.Shortly after this album singer Phil Lewis joined the band L.A. Guns.
 From Out of Nowhere is an album by Australian guitarist Tommy Emmanuel released in 1979. It is Emmanuel's first solo recording and features pedal steel player Pee Wee Clark. It was reissued in 1990.
 The Aquarium is an album by The Aquarium released in 2006 on the Dischord records label.
 The Transformed Man is actor William Shatner's debut album. It was released in 1968 while Shatner was still starring in the original Star Trek series and began his musical career. The concept of the album was to juxtapose famous pieces of poetry with their modern counterparts pop lyrics. The album is best remembered for showcasing Shatner's now-famous vocal style—spoken word with dramatic pauses and flourishes.
 The Power of Two is a 2009 studio album by American vocalists Michael Feinstein and Cheyenne Jackson arranged by John Oddo.
 Without Feathers is the second album by Montreal band The Stills. The record was released May 9 2006. According to Billboard magazine Emily Haines from fellow indie band Metric appears on Baby Blues while Jason Collett of Broken Social Scene and Sam Roberts are featured on the track Oh Shoplifter. The album debuted at #6 on the Top Heatseekers chart but failed to hit the Billboard 200. In Canada the album did not fare well on the charts.
 Donna Lee is an album by American saxophonist and composer Anthony Braxton recorded in 1972 and originally released on the French America label.
 Time Passes By is the sixth studio album released by American country music artist Kathy Mattea. It was released in 1991 (see 1991 in country music) on Mercury Records. The album like her last two studio albums before it was certified gold by the RIAA. Singles released from it include the title track at #7 Whole Lotta Holes at #18 and Asking Us to Dance at #27.
 Crime Pays is the sixth studio album by Harlem rapper Cam'ron. It was released on May 12 2009.
 Wild About Harry is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show which was first released in November 2003. It is a two-disc set which represents original material recorded during their syndicated daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air. This CD's theme is honoring the many people who do impersonations of late sportscaster Harry Caray.
 Reborn is the sixth album by rock band Trapt released on January 22 2013. It is their first album released through Epochal Artists Records/EMI. This is their last album to include lead guitarist Robb Torres with Chris Taylor Brown doing most of the guitar work on the album. The album was produced by lead vocalist Chris Taylor Brown and co produced engineered and mixed by Matt Thorne who produced the band's live album Trapt Live! and compilation album Headstrong.
 Up Off The Floor is the 2004 album released by God Lives Underwater and is their third full length album. The album was originally recorded in 2000 but due to drug problems within the band and their record label going bankrupt the album was shelved until Megaforce Records picked it up.
 I’d Rather Go Blonde is the eighth album in a twenty-year career that has seen Eleanor McEvoy establish herself as one of Ireland’s most accomplished singer / songwriters.
 Al's Big Deal – Unclaimed Freight is a compilation album by Al Kooper. It was released as a double-LP in 1975.
 A Slice of Fried Gold is Page 44's debut EP. It is named after the line in the movie Shaun of the Dead How's that for a slice of fried gold. It is the only Page 44 album with Paul Budgen on bass as he left the band shortly after recording. The song We Know The Way is often miscredited to +44 on P2P networks and file sharing sites.
 78 Jumping Summer Carnival ('78ジャンピング・サマー・カーニバル Janpingu Sama Kanibaru) is the 5th live album by Japanese duo Pink Lady. This album was released on September 5 1978.
 Farewell Show - Live In London is a live album by the band Delirious?. In November 2009 Delirious? attended the Hammersmith Apollo in London to record their final gig as a live concert album DVD and Blu-ray in front of a sold out crowd. 5000 fans attended the event. With this show they closed their History Makers - Farewell Tour which comprehended 11 gigs in Germany Austria Switzerland The Netherlands and the UK. The album was released on 19 April 2010.
 Whispers is the fifth studio album from British singer/songwriter Passenger. It will be released on 9 June 2014 through Black Crow Records. The album includes the single Heart's on Fire.
 The Nutcracker Suite is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded for the Columbia label in 1960 featuring jazz interpretations of The Nutcracker by Tchaikovsky arranged by Ellington and Billy Strayhorn. The album was rereleased on CD in 1990 as part of Three Suites along with Ellington's reworking of Grieg's Peer Gynt Suite and Suite Thursday his tribute to John Steinbeck.
 Number 10 is the tenth album by JJ Cale. It was released in 1992.
 Deep Cuts is a compilation album by the Canadian hard rock band Helix. It is their 12th official release and their third compilation album. It collects music from both their early indi career as well as their catalogue with Capitol Records and rare tracks.
 Hot Tracks is a compilation album by the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth released in 1976. The album covers from 1973's Razamanaz album to 1976's Play 'n' the Game. The album also features a slightly longer version of 'This Flight Tonight and the single version of 'I Want To Do Everything For You'.
 Night Lights is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1970 and released on the Prestige label.
 At Night We Live is an album by American alternative rock band Far released on May 25 2010. A few different pre-order packages were available. Some of the packages included one of the 500 limited edition colored Double-LPs.
 54 Dole Hlavou is the ninth album by the Slovak punk rock/comedy rock band Horkýže Slíže released in October 21 2009.
 Cheyne Stoking is the debut studio album by English heavy metal band Huron.
 My Favorite Picture of You is the fourteenth studio album from American singer-songwriter Guy Clark. It was released in July 2013 under Dualtone Records.
 Almost Famous: The Sexy Lady EP is an EP by American rapper Yung Berg. The only single released from the EP was Sexy Lady featuring R&B singer Junior.The EP debuted at number 32 on the U.S. Billboard 200 selling about 20000 copies in its first week.However the album fell quickly falling to #78 in its second week selling 9000 that week. The album has sold over 50000 copies total.
 With Luv' is the first album by Dutch girl group Luv' released in August 1978 by Phonogram/Philips Records. It features the hit singles My Man (the trio's debut record) U.O.Me (Luv's breakthrough in Benelux) and the million-seller You're the Greatest Lover (a #1 song in a large part of Continental Europe). A German pressing of this album features Trojan Horse a successful European chart topper.
 Holy Land is a 1996 concept album by Brazilian metal band Angra. Its theme is centered around the Brazilian land by the time it was discovered in the 16th century as depicted in the art surrounding the album release. Once fully opened the cover illustration turns out to be an old 15th-century map.
 Now: The Hits of Autumn 2010 is the 28th album of the Australian Now! series.
 New Slave Nation is a seven song limited edition EP released by Florida band Crossbreed. It was self-released by the band and is now out print making it a rare/collector's item. Their full-length LP was rumored to be released in the Summer of 2007 but was not released until 2009. Some of the album tracks below can be heard on their myspace page as well as demos that may end up on the LP.
 Bad Boys II is the soundtrack to the 2003 action-comedy film Bad Boys II released on July 15 2003 through Bad Boy and Universal Records. The album peaked at number one on the Billboard 200 selling 324000 units in the first week becoming one of few soundtracks to reach the position.
 Eleven Old Songs of Mount Eerie is an album by Mount Eerie written during Elverum's stay in Finnkonevika hyette Norway in the winter of 2002/2003 and recorded in Anacortes in the winter of 2004. The only instrument present on the album is a Casiotone keyboard.
 Jewels In The Crown is a duets compilation album by American Soul singer Aretha Franklin. It was released in 2007 by Arista and comprises a combination of classic duets spanning Franklin's career and two newly recorded duets with Fantasia and John Legend. It also contains two live duets one from 1993 the other from 1998.
 Grow Up is the debut album by pop punk band The Queers. Originally issued as an LP by Shakin' Street in 1990 the album was reissued twice afterwards: once in 1994 by Lookout! Records and again in 2007 by Asian Man Records with 5 bonus tracks from the original sessions.
 Homey Don't Play is the second extended play by Esham. Released in 1991 the EP marks the debut of Homey the Clown a persona Smith would later revive for his 2009 EP I Ain't Cha Homey. According to Insane Clown Posse member Joseph Bruce the EP's cover which depicted Esham wearing clown paint inspired the group's use of face paint in their act.
 Sketchpad #1 is the sole album by theMANcalledTEA the aftermath of avant-garde/progressive gothic metal band Sirrah. The album was a one-off profit-free project and a further evolution of the progressing industrial sound of Sirrah. Later versions of the album included two bonus tracks jaywalker and RaconteuR in their raw mixes. These two songs were originally set to appear on the proposed Sketchpad #2 before the project ended.
 Break a Dawn is the fourth studio album by Oakland Hip hop duo Zion I released exclusively in Japan on June 13 2006 through the duo's own Live Up Records and Japan's Handcuts Records. The album was re-released in December 2007 and is available internationally online. The album is produced entirely by the duo's beatmaker Amp Live and features guest appearances from Gift of Gab (of Blackalicious) Lyrics Born Raashan Ahmad (of Crown City Rockers) Deuce Eclipse and D.U.S.T.
 Alapalooza is the eighth studio album by Weird Al Yankovic released in 1993. By the completion of his previous album Off the Deep End Yankovic had already written all of the original songs that he planned to use on his next release. This new album which would eventually be titled Alapalooza in reference to the music festival Lollapalooza consisted of seven original songs and five parodies. It produced three parody singles: Jurassic Park Bedrock Anthem and Achy Breaky Song.
 The Essential Kenny Loggins is a compilation of songs by the soft rock singer Kenny Loggins. Released on November 19 2002 it is part Sony BMG's Essential series of compilation albums and includes tracks from Loggins' solo output as well as tracks from his Loggins and Messina days.
 Duty is the third full-length studio album by Ayumi Hamasaki as well as being her best-selling studio album to date with over 2.9 million copies sold. The single Surreal an initial pressing-only single was released simultaneously along with the album and the DVD Ayumi Hamasaki Concert Tour 2000 Vol.1. All three claimed the top position on the Oricon Weekly charts making Ayumi Hamasaki the first person to hold the top position on all three charts.
 Dreamachines is an album by John Zorn recorded in New York City in April 2013 and released on the Tzadik label in July 2013. The album is inspired by the works of William S. Burroughs and Brion Gysin.
 Etiquette is the debut album by Australian punk rock band Something with Numbers. It was released in 2004 through Below Par Records.
 Beat Boys in the Jet Age was the debut album by English mod revival band The Lambrettas. It included the band's hit cover version of the song Poison Ivy which reached #7 in the UK Singles Chart. The band would continue this success with the release of their own Da-a-ance reaching #12 in the UK Singles Chart. The album reached #28 on the UK Albums Chart and scored another minor hit single Another Day (Another Girl) which reached #45 on the UK Singles Chart.
 Sunlight is a June 1978 jazz-funk fusion album by keyboardist Herbie Hancock.It features Hancock's vocals through a vocoder as well as performances by drummer Tony Williams and bassist Jaco Pastorius.The album produced a single entitled I Thought It Was You which was mildly received at the time by UK jazz listeners. As a whole the album tends to lay more toward funk than a jazz record and is reminiscent of much of the electro-funk of the time.
 6:66 Satan's Child is the sixth studio album from Danzig. It was released in 1999 on E-Magine Records.
 Their Rock Is Not Our Rock is the third album by stoner rock band Fireball Ministry released by Liquor And Poker Music in 2005. The album features The Broken song which is widely recognized for its use in WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2006 video game.
 Hannah Montana Hits Remixed is the second remix album by American pop recording artist Miley Cyrus in the role of her fictional alter ego Hannah Montana. It was the fifth Hannah Montana album released on August 19 2008 exclusively at American Wal-Mart stores. The album features singles from both of the previous television soundtracks Hannah Montana and Hannah Montana 2. Several writers and producers worked on the songs mainly Matthew Gerrard and Robbie Nevil.
 GHV2 (an abbreviation of Greatest Hits Volume 2) is the second greatest hits compilation album by American singer-songwriter Madonna released on November 12 2001 by Maverick Records. It contains a collection of songs from 1992 to 2001 selected by Madonna who mentioned that she only wanted songs that I could listen to five times in a row included on it.
 Yesterday is an EP released by Grave Digger. It also contains a bonus DVD. The song Yesterday on this EP is a re-recorded version of the song from Grave Digger's debut album.
 Perfect Symmetry is the fifth studio album by progressive metal band Fates Warning released in 1989 through Metal Blade Records; a remastered edition was reissued on June 10 2008 together with a bonus disc containing studio demos as well as a DVD of live performances from the 1989–90 Perfect Symmetry world tour.
 DJ Drama Presents: The Preview is a mixtape by Ludacris and DJ Drama as promotion for Ludacris' album Theater of the Mind and his film releases in the fall of 2008. Ludacris wanted to create a mixtape that captured his image as a southern rapper and movie actor. The mixtape was released on July 28 2008 at WeMix.com.
 Dream After Dream performed by the American rock band Journey is the soundtrack album to the Japanese film Yume Yume No Ato. Released in 1980 on Columbia Records it was the seventh album-length recording by the group. The soundtrack however firmly overshadowed the film itself which enjoyed little notoriety.
 Optic Nerve is an interactive CD-ROM showcasing the life and work of multimedia artist David Wojnarowicz. The disc includes film interviews music performance painting and writing from the artist. The release is the first entry in the Red Hot AIDS Benefit Series with a non-musical focus.
 Systems / Layers is the fifth release of the instrumental group Rachel's. It was released October 7 2003 on the Quarterstick Records. The album is a collaborative dance/theater piece with the New York ensemble SITI Company. It was the final LP released by Rachel's before Jason Noble's death on August 4 2012.
 The Waltz Queen was an LP album by Patti Page released by Mercury Records in 1958 under its Wing Records subsidiary catalog numbers MGW-12121 (monaural) and SRW-16121 (stereophonic). It should not be confused with an album of the same name released by Mercury in 1955 under catalog numbers MG-20049 and SR-60049. It was issued in two versions one with 12 tracks and one with only 10.
 Big Thing is the debut album by Lisa Stansfield's band Blue Zone. It was released by Arista Records in November 1988. The songs were written by Blue Zone members: Stansfield Ian Devaney and Andy Morris and produced by Paul Staveley O'Duffy. The album also includes one cover Jackie co-produced by Ric Wake. Big Thing spawned three singles: On Fire Thinking About His Baby and Jackie.
 Greatest Hits is the first compilation album by American country music artist George Strait released on March 4 1985 by MCA Records. It includes all ten singles from Strait's first three albums. It reached #4 on the Billboard Top Country Albums Chart and is certified 4×Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.
 Crown Royal is a 2001 album by hip hop pioneers Run–D.M.C. It is their seventh and final album. It was released about 18 months before the murder of Jam-Master Jay. All songs but the title track featured guest artists including Fred Durst Stephan Jenkins and Sugar Ray Everlast Kid Rock Nas Prodigy and Method Man.It is the first and only Run–D.M.C. album with a Parental Advisory label though previous Run-D.M.C albums such the 1986 Raising Hell had included explicit lyrics.
 Black Drops is an album by organist Charles Earland which was recorded in 1970 and released on the Prestige label.
 The Ditty Bops is the self-titled debut album by the folk/swing band The Ditty Bops. Released on Warner Bros. Records in 2004 it features a cover of the old standard Sister Kate.Five tracks from this album were featured on the television show Grey's Anatomy (Walk Or Ride Wishful Thinking Sister Kate There's a Girl and Wake Up).
 Midnight Ride is the fifth studio album by American pop rock group Paul Revere & the Raiders. Produced by Terry Melcher and released in May 1966 the album featured the U.S. top five single Kicks. The album also includes (I'm Not Your) Steppin' Stone a song The Monkees covered and became a U.S.
 Fresh Wine for the Horses is the debut studio album by English singer-songwriter former Catherine Wheel frontman Rob Dickinson. Released in 2005 it features tracks that Dickinson wrote while a member of Catherine Wheel but never made it onto official releases as well as new material written since the band's breakup in 2000. The album received mixed reviews from the media but was met with enthusiastic approval by longtime fans of the band.
 Disastro is an album of the English singer-songwriter Sonny J.It was released 16 June 2008 in United Kingdom 19 August the same year in the US and was later also available on iTunes the 15th of September. The singles from the album are Can't Stop Moving (which was later re-released as a remix by Mirwais and then reached #40 in UK #8 in Japan) Enfant Terrible and Handsfree (which reached #77 in the UK Singles Chart).
 In 2007 Duke Special headlined five nights at the Belfast Empire Each night had a different theme and each show featuring special songs and guests.
 Good Ways is reggae singer Sizzla's fifth studio album. It was released on VP on December 21 1998 and produced by Bobby Digital.
 St. Valentine's Day Massacre is a single credited to MotörheadGirlschool recorded by members of Motörhead and Bronze Records labelmates Girlschool. It reached number five in UK Singles Charts in 1981.
 Days of Future Passed is the second album and first concept album by English rock band The Moody Blues released in December 1967 on Deram Records. After two years performing as a struggling white R&B band The Moody Blues were asked by their record label in September 1967 to record an adaptation of Antonín Dvořák's Symphony No. 9 as a stereo demonstration record.
 Song to Fly is the debut studio album by Yoko Kanno. It was released January 1 1998. All music was written by Yoko Kanno.
 The Painted Side of the Rocket is the third album by the English indie pop band Fosca. It was released on March 5 2008.
 No Earthly Connection is a 1976 progressive rock concept album by Rick Wakeman. It was recorded in France for tax purposes.The LP record's sleeve attributes the album to Rick Wakeman and the English Rock Ensemble.
 exchange is a mini-album in colaboration with japanese singer ASUKA and japanese musician Akira Yokota (PONCHAN).
 Speed Ballads is the second album by the band Republica. Released in 1998 Speed Ballads was the follow-up to Republica's self-titled debut album. Speed Ballads reached #37 in the UK Album Charts. There were tentative plans to release the album in the United States in January 1999 but these plans were cancelled.
 Ready Eddie is Eddie Money's tenth album released in 1999.
 Basilisk is a 1982 album by The Legendary Pink Dots.
 The Psychic World of Walter Reed is the tenth studio album by American rapper Killah Priest. It was released on February 25 2013. The album features guest appearances from Ghostface Killah Inspectah Deck George Clinton Lord Fury Raekwon and Alita Dupray. With production coming from Ayatollah RZA True Master GZA and 4th Disciple.
 Elemental Evil is the second release by the metal band Hinge (now called Dry Kill Logic). The following 9 track EP was released on March 16 1999 through their own label Psychodrama Records.
 The Quiet Table is the second studio album by the American rock band Three Fish. It was released on June 1 1999 through Epic Records.
 Strange Cruise is the eponymously titled album by the short-lived British band Strange Cruise released on EMI. Released in 1986 it was the band's only album.
 The Opaque Brotherhood is the third studio album by American hip hop supergroup Dark Lotus. Released on April 15 2008 it peaked at #4 on the Billboard Top Independent Albums chart #45 on the Billboard 200 #45 on the Top Internet Albums chart and #23 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 North Coast Hardcore: Volume 1 is a compilation CD released in 2005. The CD feature's all Queensland bands on the North Coast.
 À la molto (アラモルト Aramoruto) is a limited release EP by Fujifabric released in 2004. À la molto is the first CD to be released by the band upon signing to the major record label Capitol Records. The CD consists of rearranged versions of previously released tracks from À la carte and À la mode.
 The Door Is Still Open to My Heart is a 1964 studio album by Dean Martin produced by Jimmy Bowen and featuring arrangements by Ernie Freeman Gus Levine and Marty Paich.Three of the songs from the album (I'm Gonna Change Everything The Middle of the Night Is My Cryin' Time and My Sugar's Gone) had previously featured on Martin's 1963 album Dean Tex Martin Rides Again.The Door Is Still Open to My Heart peaked at number 9 on the Billboard 200.
 Send Flowers is the debut album release from Black Lungs the side project of Alexisonfire guitarist and backing vocalist Wade MacNeil. MacNeil's sound has been described as the soundtrack for punk rockers hip hoppers pill poppers young ladies and show stoppers.The album was originally due out at the end of Alexisonfire's tour in December 2007 but was instead released in May 2008 with Dine Alone Records.
 Tap the Red Cane Whirlwind is an album by American blues singer and guitarist Kelly Joe Phelps. It reached number 11 on the Billboard Top Blues Albums.
 El Kilo is the third album by Orishas a Cuban hip hop group based in France. It was released on March 29 2005 on the Universal Latino Label.
 White Sunday is the debut solo album of New Zealand hip-hop artist Mareko released in 2003. A limited edition of the album was released in 2006. The name is a reference to a Samoan holiday that happens on the second Sunday in October. The album peaked at #4 on the New Zealand album charts.
 Tasty is the second solo release by singer Patti LaBelle her second solo album with Epic Records since departing from Labelle in 1976. The album was less successful than the debut but became notable for the disco club hit Eyes in the Back of My Head and the airplay-only pop ballad Little Girls which became a popular LaBelle favorite with her fans. The album was one of four LaBelle released on the Epic label.
 Hesitation Blues is a compilation album by American folk and blues singer Dave Van Ronk released in 1988.The 16 songs in the compilation come from three '60s Prestige LPs — Dave Van Ronk Folksinger In the Tradition and the original Inside Dave Van Ronk. Most of the songs appear on the Fantasy compilation CD Inside Dave Van Ronk.
 Campfire Punkrock is the first EP by UK based songwriter Frank Turner. The EP was released via Xtra Mile Recordings on May 15 2006. The vinyl release includes a live version of The Ballad of Me and My Friends and is pressed on a sulfur-yellow 10 vinyl. The EP was recorded at the Oxford home of Frank Turner's bass player (Tarrant Anderson) by his guitarist (Ben Lloyd).
 'Nights Out' is the second album by British electronic act Metronomy released on the 8th of September 2008 through Because Music.The starting point for the album was according to lead singer Joseph Mount a half-arsed concept album about going out and having a crap time.Joseph Mount wrote and recorded most of the album by himself but Gabriel Stebbing and Oscar Cash play bits on a couple of tracks on the album and it’s kind of become….Metronomy used to be a him and now it’s definitely a they - which takes the heat off me a bit as well.The artwork for the album was created by airbrush artist Philip Castle.The commercial pressing of the album has a printing error on the cover; instead of reading Nights Out it just says Nights. 
 For the band see Pro-PainProPain is Mars Ill's 2004 album.
 Live and Circumstance is the fifth album released by Carrie Rodriguez and third album recorded under Ninth Street Opus.
 Remixes is a compilation album of remixes and fourth overall release from Latin pop singer Enrique Iglesias. The album was released on May 5 1998. The album contains a number of remixes of tracks from Iglesias' first two albums Enrique Iglesias and Vivir. The album was the first of three compilation releases made available by Fonovisa before Iglesias signed a deal with Interscope records in 1999.
 A Love Surreal is the third studio album by American neo soul singer Bilal released on February 26 2013 by eOne. He recorded the album for five months at various studios with most of the recording crew from his 2010 album Airtight's Revenge including producer Shafiq Husayn drummer Steve McKie and pianist Robert Glasper.
 Something Good Is Going to Happen to You is an album by Baboon released in 2002 on Last Beat Records.
 We're Back and We're Highly Pissed is the second of four yearly CDs of calls bits and sketches released by KLBJ's Dudley and Bob with Debra.
 Tip3 Gan6 Lou4 Haau2 Yam1 (貼近盧巧音; Get Close To Candy Lo) is Candy Lo's 2nd studio album. It was released on 1 August 1999. For this album Candy Lo first collaborated with Hong Kong producer Kubert Leung.
 Live at London Astoria 16.07.08 is the first official Ladytron live album recorded during their Velocifero tour and released in 2009.Ladytron' show at Astoria in 15 May 2008 was cancelled because a power failure at the stage. Live at London Astoria 16.07.08 is the recording of the re-scheduled show from 16 July 2008.Originally pressed as a one-time 1000 copy run in a simple cardboard slipcase for sales off the stage the band later released this album on digipack format.
 L'Autre is a VHS recorded by the French singer Mylène Farmer containing all the singer's videoclips from 1991 to 1992. It was released in September 1992 in France.This VHS includes all the videos from the third studio album L'Autre... This fourth music video was not entitled Les Clips Vol. IV but was named L'Autre... since the videoclips available on this VHS are these of the fourth singles from this album.This VHS content is also included on the DVD Music Videos I.
 Carnival of Lost Souls is the fifth album by gothic musical duo Nox Arcana loosely based on the story Something Wicked This Way Comes by Ray Bradbury. On this album Nox Arcana performs a style of music that is indicative of late 19th-early 20th century circus or Vaudeville act albeit with a darker more sinister tone and effect.
 Solid Rock is a 1972 album by The Temptations for the Gordy (Motown) label produced by Norman Whitfield. The LP was the first made primarily without founding members and original lead singers Eddie Kendricks and Paul Williams.
 The Road and the Radio is the eleventh album released by country music singer and guitarist Kenny Chesney. It was released on November 8 2005. The album debuted at number 1 on the Billboard 200 on November 26 2005.The tracks Who You'd Be Today Living in Fast Forward Summertime You Save Me and Beer in Mexico were all released as singles between 2005 and 2007. Respectively these songs peaked at number 2 number 1 number 1 number 3 and number 1 on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 Bobby's Girl is an album by Aileen Quinn. It was her first release on her Quinnovation Records imprint and was released on CD cassette and LP on November 17 1982 by Columbia Records (ARC-38378). Aileen Quinn is best known for her portrayal of the title character in the movie musical Annie.The titular song of the album is a cover of the Marcie Blane song Bobby's Girl also covered with success in the United Kingdom by Susan Maughan.
 Music for Real Airports is the ninth full length studio album by The Black Dog released in 2010 on CD vinyl and as flac file download.
 Tequila is the seventeenth jazz album recorded by guitarist Wes Montgomery and released in 1966.
 Interim Resurgence is the ninth album by Zoogz Rift released in 1985 through Snout.
 Symphonic is the third compilation album by Norwegian singer Jørn Lande's solo band Jorn. The album differs from the previous compilation albums in how orchestra arrangements have been added to Jorn songs. The album was released on January 25 2013 in Europe and January 22 2013 in North America. The album contains 15 tracks ranging from Jorn's 2004 solo album Out to Every Nation to the 2012 release Bring Heavy Rock to the Land.
 Uncontrolled is the 10th studio album by Japanese pop and R&B musician Namie Amuro released on June 27 2012. The album was released before her 20th anniversary concerts — one in Okinawa in September and seven across Japan in November and December 2012.
 XX is a compilation by Great Big Sea to celebrate the band's 20th anniversary. It was released as a two-disc CD album and also in a Deluxe Edition which includes a third CD plus a DVD with an hour-long documentary Meet Great Big Sea and other goodies.
 Martin Scorsese Presents the Blues: Jimi Hendrix is a ten track companion release to the critically acclaimed television documentary series Martin Scorsese Presents The Blues shown on PBS in September 2003.The album features two previously unreleased blues inspired performances. Georgia Blues (recorded on March 19 1969 at New York's Record Plant Studios) was recorded with saxophonist Lonnie Youngblood with whom Hendrix played some early sessions in 1966.
 Lines Vines and Trying Times is the fourth and final studio album by the Jonas Brothers. It was released June 16 2009 in the U.S. The album received mixed reviews from critics and fans. In its first week the album sold 247000 copies debuting at #1 on the Billboard 200. It is their third and last album released under Hollywood Records and their last album released before their split on October 29 2013.
 How to Get Everything You Ever Wanted in Ten Easy Steps is the third album by English indie band The Ordinary Boys released following on from lead singer Preston's appearance on Celebrity Big Brother in January 2006. It was released on 23 October 2006 in the UK. It signified a transition in the band's sound from ska-inspired British indie to a more pop and disco one. The hit single Boys Will Be Boys is included as a bonus track.
 Wisconsin Hayride was the first major label release by Gumball. The EP Recorded and Released in 1992 was a teaser set to capitalize on the Alternative rock boom of the time before they could spend time recording a proper full length. Wisconsin Hayride is an all covers EP featuring songs by Mahavishnu Orchestra Black Flag Foetus Small Faces and The Damned.
 Dedication 4 is a mixtape by Lil Wayne. The mixtape was originally supposed to be released on August 15 2012 but got pushed several times and was released on September 3 2012. It is the fourth installment of Lil Wayne's Dedication series following its predecessors The Dedication Dedication 2 and Dedication 3. It's also the fourth installment of Lil Wayne's Gangsta Grillz tetralogy.
 In 1993 Hollywood Records released The Party's Over...Thanks for Coming with little advance notice. This farewell album consisted of some outtakes from the Free recording sessions and previously recorded songs before the group disbanded.
 Vintage Vinos is a compilation album by Keith Richards released on 2 November 2010. The album features remastered solo and X-Pensive Winos tracks from Talk is Cheap Live at the Hollywood Palladium December 15 1988 Main Offender and Hurricane a special bonus song. Previously available only to fans who donated to Hurricane Katrina relief the song was recorded during The Rolling Stones sessions for Forty Licks in 2002. Vintage Vinos peaked at No.
 Just Say Anything was Sire Records' Volume 5 of Just Say Yes and was originally released on July 23 1991 as a CD sampler. It contained remixes and non-album tracks of artists on the label most of which were considered new wave or modern rock (all would eventually fall under the genre alternative rock). This album carried the Parental Advisory labeling.
 Fear of a Wack Planet is the third release of the trip-hop/rap rock band Phunk Junkeez released July 14 1998 on Trauma Records.
 Lucidity is the debut full-length album by the Dutch symphonic metal band Delain. It was released on September 4 2006 by Roadrunner Records.
 Here It 'Tis is an album by jazz organist Johnny Hammond Smith recorded for the Prestige label in 1970.
 Raw Forever is a compilation album of the American hip hop artist Cormega released in September 27 2011 under Aura Records. The first disc is a collection of Cormega' biggest hits and most well-known songs the second disc consists of 11 new remixes recorded with live instrumentation performed by the band The Revelations.
 P.D.Q. Bach in Houston: We Have a Problem! is a live performance celebrating 40 years of P. D. Q. Bach. This performance features Professor Peter Schickele with Orchestra X conducted by Peter Jacoby. It includes never-before-recorded performances of Trumpet Involuntary movement of Iphigenia in Brooklyn and also the rounds Odden und Enden (many of which have been previously unavailable on CD).
 More Places Forever is David Thomas' third solo album. The album was remixed from its original vinyl incarnation for inclusion on the 1997 David Thomas box set Monster. (untrue; only 'Variations On A Theme' appears remixed)
 Blackwater is the first studio album by the Jacksonville Florida based band MOFRO.The recording was named One Of The Best Of The Decade In Music by amazon.com.The Enhanced CD contains bonus audio and in-studio video.
 Silence Is Wild is the third album by Swedish Singer-songwriter Frida Hyvönen. It was released on October 29 2008 in Scandinavia and November 4 2008 in North America. In Sweden the album debuted at #9 in the official albums chart making it her highest charting album to date.
 Roy Orbison at the Rock House is the first album by Roy Orbison. It was released in 1961 by Sun Records at a time when Orbison had already moved to the Monument label but had not yet put out an album. Sun Records owner Sam Phillips had a collection of songs Orbison had recorded at Sun between 1956 and '58.
 This article describes the 41st album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 41 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 41 was released on February 7 2012. It is the 41st edition of the Now! series in the United States.
 Don't Stop is the tenth studio album by the French band Rockets.None of Rockets's former members were actually involved in the recording: this project was led by Fabrice Quagliotti who joined Rockets in late 1977. The album however includes 4 old hits remixes and the title track is inspired by a 1982 song which was supposed to be included in the album Atomic but eventually discarded.
 Therapy is the second major label studio album released by British-Japanese musician MiChi to be released on 21 March 2012 by Sony Music Entertainment. The record features just six previously unheard songs after the remaining seven were released to the public as tracks on the various singles and EPs released in the lead up to the album's release.
 Loneliness Is Bliss is an EP by Arthur a side project of MxPx. It was released on November 30 1999 on Rock City Recording Company a label owned and operated by MxPx.
 Instrument Soundtrack is a 1999 album by American post-hardcore band Fugazi.
 Mostasteless is the debut album by American hip hop duo Twiztid released on November 25 1997 by Psychopathic Records. The album was reissued in 1999 with distribution by Island Records and a drastically altered track listing with new tracks added as well as tracks from the former release removed.
 Genesis of 2PM is the third Japanese studio album (sixth album overall) by South Korean boy band 2PM. It was released in January 29 2014 as their first album release under Sony Music Japan sublabel Epic Records Japan in three editions: Regular edition: CD Limited Edition A: CD + DVD Limited Edition B: CD + CD There are 9 new tracks in this third Japanese studio album.
 No One's Words is the name of the debut album by Israeli progressive rock act Ephrat. The album was produced by Omer Ephrat and mixed/mastered by Steven Wilson.
 The Cost of Sacrifice is the debut full-length studio album by Israeli metalcore band Missing In Action released on June 17 2010.The album was produced by the band's own guitarist Oren Yaacoby and drummer Priel Horesh who also mixed the album. The album was mastered by Steven Slate at Slate Studios Los Angeles California.
 Released in 1998 Lo-Fi B-Sides was the second EP produced by the now-defunct Matthew Good Band. The EP was limited to 5000 copies and was included as a bonus with purchase of the band's 1997 album Underdogs. It became a highly sought-after collectors item by fans occasionally commanding a selling price over $1500 US on eBay.[citation needed] Because of the EP's rarity Good opted to include the tracks in the deluxe edition of In a Coma.
 Thugged Out: The Albulation is the debut album by rapper Yukmouth released November 3 1998 on Rap-A-Lot Records. The album was produced by 88 Keys Don Juan Mike Dean Mr. Lee and Tone Capone. It peaked at number 8 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 40 on the Billboard 200.
 Greatest Hits Vol. 2 is the second greatest hits album and fourth U.S. number-one album by Barbra Streisand. Released in 1978 it included Streisand's greatest hits from the previous eight years with one new track You Don't Bring Me Flowers a duet with Neil Diamond which never appeared on a previous Streisand album.
 Ficca (eng. Vagina) is third album released by a Polish pop rock band Virgin. The album has earned a 2 x platinum certification in the Poland.Znak Pokoju (English: Sign of Peace) was the first single released from the album. The song was the biggest hit of the year and was on the top of Polish charts. It won the Srebrny Słowik on the Sopot Festival.
 Native Sons is the sixth and final studio album (and seventh overall release) by singer/songwriter duo Loggins and Messina released in January 1976.
 Play Dirty Live is the first video album released by the British heavy metal band Girlschool in 1985. The American release of the VHS was done by Polygram the label that had Girlschool under contract at the time. The release of the video was part of the marketing strategy to launch the studio album Running Wild in the US the only country where it was published. The British edition was instead licensed to Castle Communications and released at the same time.
 Undercover Animal was the fourth and final album released by German heavy metal band Steeler. It was released on Steamhammer Records in 1988. The Deeper the Night can be found as an additional music video on the second disc of Axel Rudi Pell's first DVD release Knight Treasures (Live and More) which he has done with his current solo project.
 A Broadway original cast album for the musical Kinky Boots was released on May 28 2013 less than two months after the show opened on Broadway. It was produced by Cyndi Lauper who wrote the songs Stephen Oremus the orchestrator and conductor and William Wittman.
 Rebirth is an album by reggae artist Jimmy Cliff released in July 2012. It won the Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album and was included in Rolling Stone's '50 Best Albums of 2012'.
 Glass Houses is the seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Billy Joel released on March 10 1980. It features Joel's first song to peak at #1 on Billboard's Pop Singles chart It's Still Rock and Roll to Me. The album itself topped the Pop Albums chart for six weeks and was ranked number 4 on Billboard's 1980 year-end album chart. The album is the 41st best selling album of the 1980s with sales of 7.1 million copies in the US alone.
 Minimum-Maximum is a double DVD created by Kraftwerk consisting of live shows performed during their 2004 world tour. The set was released in Germany on December 2 2005 in the UK on December 5 2005 and December 6 2005 in the US Japan and Australia.
 On the Turntable is a mix album released by Biz Markie. A follow-up was released in 2000 titled On the Turntable 2.
 Alas is the second album by Argentine alternative rock band Cabezones.
 Peace and Blessings is an album by the American jazz saxophonist Kalaparusha Maurice McIntyre recorded in 1979 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 Free is an album by Scottish alternative rock band Twin Atlantic. It was released on April 29 2011 in Ireland and May 2 2011 in the UK on Red Bull Records.In its first week of release the album peaked at #37 in the Official UK Album Chart. This success led to them being part of the T In The Park 2011 line-up.The track Free debuted at No. 14 on the NME Chart.
 Trances (1983) is the second album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich. Like his first album Sunyata this album consists of slow textural drone music.In 1994 this album was bound with Rich’s third album Drones on the two-disc set Trances/Drones. In this release the title track from Sunyata was added to Trances.
 Ballad of Easy Rider is the eighth album by the American rock band The Byrds and was released in November 1969 on Columbia Records (see 1969 in music). The album was named after the song Ballad of Easy Rider which had been penned by The Byrds' guitarist and singer Roger McGuinn (with help from Bob Dylan) as the theme song for the 1969 film Easy Rider.
 The Lost Tribes is a compilation of rare material by A Tribe Called Quest released in Japan. As of 2006 ICU (Doin It) is the most recent Tribe song which was released in 2003. That Shit is the only A Tribe Called Quest song released with vocals by Jay Dee. Scenario (Remix) was the B-side to the original. The original version of Jam can be found on Beats Rhymes and Life as well as the original Stressed Out.
 Nightfall in Middle-Earth is a concept album by Blind Guardian released in 1998. It is Blind Guardian's sixth studio album.The album is based upon J. R. R. Tolkien's The Silmarillion a book of tales from the First Age of Middle-earth recounting the War of the Jewels. The album contains not only songs but also spoken parts narrating parts of the story. The cover represents Lúthien dancing in front of Morgoth.
 Them Not Me is an EP by Destruction. The period without Schmier is often called Neo-Destruction. They released 3 albums with Thomas Rosenmerkel on vocals: Destruction Them Not Me and The Least Successful Human Cannonball although these albums aren't part of the official discography.
 Live This Life is a 2005 album by South African rock band Prime Circle. The album spawned hits such as Live This Life Miracle and Maybe Wrong.
 Muted is a studio album from American indie hip hop artist Alias. It was released on Anticon in 2003.The album features guest appearances from Markus Acher of The Notwist and rapper Pedestrian.
 Total Life Forever is the second studio album by British indie rock band Foals released on 10 May 2010 through Transgressive Records. Prior to the album's release the band described it as sounding like the dream of an eagle dying. It was produced by Luke Smith and was recorded at Svenska Grammofon Studion in Gothenburg. Upon its release the album charted in numerous countries worldwide including number eight in the UK Albums Chart.
 Me and You and the World is the third studio album and first major label release by American acoustic rock performer Dave Barnes. The album was launched internationally on April 1 2008. The album's first single Until You which is a re-recording of a song from his first independent album was released on February 19 2008.
 Live In Italy is an album by Lou Reed recorded live in Verona and Rome on September 7 and 10 1983 by the Rolling Stones Mobile Unit. It was issued on vinyl only in Germany UK and Japan. At the time Reed and his band were on a world tour to promote the album Legendary Hearts. A live video A Night with Lou Reed filmed at a New York concert was also released to coincide with the album.
 This is a split album between Boston hardcore band Aftershock and Japanese band Dive.
 Live Legacy is a live album by the Swedish black metal band Dissection. It was released in 2003 by Nuclear Blast. It was recorded during a show at the Wacken Open Air festival Germany 8 August 1997. It was first released as a bootleg called Frozen in Wacken which featured the art of romantic painter Antoine Wiertz on the cover.
 The Brotherhood is the twelfth album by German speed metal band Running Wild. The song The Ghost is about Thomas Edward Lawrence who was British liaison officer during the Arab Revolt of 1916 to 1918.
 Jaal Ab Dullah is an album by Muslimgauze. Due to an error in the mastering of this CD two track index points are missing. While all of the recorded material is present songs 11 and 12 are combined into one track as do songs 20 and 21.
 Bert van den Brink Invites Clare Fischer is a live album featuring the impromptu Dutch/American piano duo of Bert van den Brink and Clare Fischer released in October 2001 on the Dutch Challenge label.
 Fire in the Breeze is the debut Compilation album by the Australian band Kisschasy released on 20 November 2004 in Japan. Fire in the Breeze was released in Japan before Kisschasy toured in 2004. Fire in the Breeze compiles Kisschasy's first two eps: Darkside / Stay Awake and Cara Sposa.
 L.A. EP 1 X 3 is the first in a series of 3 EPs released by Flying Lotus to complement his Los Angeles album. It was released July 14 2008 by Warp Records.
 III is a 2011 release by Brazilian DJ and producer Gui Boratto on German label Kompakt Records.
 Riot Act is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band Pearl Jam released November 12 2002 through Epic Records. Following a full-scale tour in support of its previous album Binaural (2000) Pearl Jam took a year-long break. The band then reconvened in the beginning of 2002 and commenced work on a new album. The music on the record featured a diverse sound including songs influenced by folk art rock and experimental rock.
 Prairie School Freakout is the second (and first full-length) album by Chicago-based band Eleventh Dream Day originally released on Amoeba Records in 1988. According to the original liner notes the album was recorded on a hot pollution alert day during July [1987] in Louisville Kentucky and was made at a place called Artist Recording Service. We recorded 15 songs between 11:00 pm and 5:00 am half of the time spent trying to fix the wild buzz coming out of Rick's amp.
 VIII – The Time Unchained is the eighth full-length album by the Finnish melodic black metal band Catamenia. It was released on October 24 2008 through Massacre Records. The first album not to feature keyboards in any song.
 Goi Rode Goi! (Russian: Гой Роде Гой!) is the fifth full-length album by the Russian pagan metal band Arkona. It was released on October 28 2009 through Napalm Records. Goy Rode Goy! means Hail Rod Hail!.
 Shaheedullah and Stereotypes is the debut album by Ali Shaheed Muhammad. Ali's album is mainly about the history he had with A Tribe Called Quest and Lucy Pearl being Muslim and his family life. The album features the single Banga.
 Absolute First Album is the debut studio album by South Korean girl group T-ara. The album was initially planned to be released earlier as an extended play however it was decided that a full album would be released instead. Including the four singles released earlier in the year the album spawned seven hit songs including Good Person Lies TTL (Time to Love) TTL Listen 2 Bo Peep Bo Peep Like The First Time and I Go Crazy Because of You.
 Both Sides of Herman's Hermits is the fourth album released by MGM Records in the U.S. and Canada for the band Herman's Hermits. It was released in August 1966. Val Valentin was the recording supervisor. The original artwork was by Frank Frazetta. In October 1966 the band's UK label EMI/Columbia released an album of the same name but with different artwork and track listing. The UK version was re-released on CD in 2000 by Repertoire with bonus tracks that mostly combine the two albums.
 Battle: Los Angeles – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 2011 film of the same name directed by Jonathan Liebesman. It was released on March 8 2011.
 Kings of Bachata: Sold Out at Madison Square Garden is the third live album released by Bachata group Aventura. The concert was sold out and took place on September 1 2007 at Madison Square Garden. A DVD of the concert was released November 13 2007. Kings of Bachata: Sold Out at Madison Square Garden was certified 8× Disco De Platino by the Recording Industry Association of America on June 4 2009.
 Johnny Griffin (also referred to as J. G. Tenor and Johnny Griffin Quartet) is an album by American jazz saxophonist Johnny Griffin featuring tracks recorded in 1956 and released on the Argo label in 1958. The album features the first recordings made under Griffin's leadership but was not released until 1958 by which time his first Blue Note album Introducing Johnny Griffin (1956) had been released and he had attracted attention as a member of Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers.
 Dexter: Music from the Showtime Original Series is a soundtrack album featuring music from the American television series Dexter. The album was released on August 28 2007 on CD and download from the iTunes Store.
 Also Rising is the fifth album by SubArachnoid Space released on April 8 2003 through Strange Attractors Audio House.
 I Love You Dude is the second studio album by German electronic music duo Digitalism released on 15 June 2011 by V2 Records. The song Forrest Gump was co-written by Julian Casablancas of The Strokes.
 Silhouette is the fifth studio album by saxophonist Kenny G. It was released by Arista Records in 1988 and reached number 1 on the Contemporary Jazz Albums chart number 8 on the Billboard 200 and number 10 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. April 2011 11xplatinumsold 25 million internationally
 La Revolución (English: The Revolution) is the seventh studio album and ninth overall album by Puerto Rican reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel. It was released on May 26 2009 by Machete Music and WY Records. The album features collaborations with rapper 50 Cent Ivy Queen Yaviah Ednita Nazario and Yomo. The album became a success in the United States and a bigger hit in Latin America.
 Journey is the second album by Shimizu Shota released on March 3 2010. It was released in two versions: a regular edition (¥3059) and a limited edition including a DVD (¥3500).
 The Continental Divide is the debut album from American rock band War Tapes. It was written and recorded from 2008 to early 2009 in Los Angeles and released on May 26 2009 on Sarathan Records.
 Clear Spot is the seventh album by Captain Beefheart and the Magic Band originally released on LP in 1972 in a clear plastic sleeve.
 Set Your Goals is the debut album of the punk rock band CIV. It was released in October 1995 (see 1995 in music) on Lava Records. The album is best known for the hit single Can't Wait One Minute More.
 Womblife is an album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey released in 1997. It was one of three releases by Fahey that year.
 Breeding Death is the debut EP by Bloodbath. It was released on February 8 2000 on Century Media Records.
 Stoneground Words is an album released by Melanie in 1972. It contains the singles Together Alone and Do You Believe.
 On a Day: Music for Violin & Continuo (commonly referred to as: On a Day...) is the debut instrumental album by Emilie Autumn released in 2000. The album was recorded in 1997 when Autumn was nineteen years old. Its title refers to the fact that the album took only a day to record. It consists of her performing works for the baroque violin accompanied by friends on the cello harpsichord and lute.
 The 1967 Singles Sampler or 1967: The First Three Singles is a limited-edition compilation album by Pink Floyd.
 Murder by Pride is the eighth studio album by Stryper. The first single for the album Peace of Mind debuted at No. 27 on Christianrock.net on October 24 2008 and peaked at 1 on February 22 2009. The track is a cover version originally performed by rock band Boston on its debut 1976 self-titled album.
 Hypermagic Mountain is the fourth album by the noise rock band Lightning Bolt. It has a very dense sound composed entirely of distorted bass guitar and loud pounding drums.
 Heart of the City is the fourth album by the Spanish group Barrabás released in 1975. The album charted at #149 on the Billboard 200 in the USA and was later re-released on CD in Spain as Check Mate.This album was the first to feature Daniel Louis on drums after the departure of José María Moll. Checkmate / Family Size and Make It Easy / Take a Wild Ride were released as singles.
 Not of This Earth is the eighth studio album by The Damned. It is often (perhaps more correctly) called I'm Alright Jack & The Beanstalk.The album has a convoluted history. Following the Final Damnation concerts in 1988 the original line-up of the band (singer Dave Vanian guitarist Brian James bass guitarist Captain Sensible and drummer Rat Scabies) had briefly collaborated to record the track Prokofiev which had a low-key USA-only release on the independent Skinnies Cut label.
 Piel de Ángel (Skin of Angel) is the thirteenth album from Mexican pop music singer and actress Lucero.
 Only Sometimes is the first EP from the San Francisco-based dream pop group Astral released in 2002. The EP was self-produced and the first recording that the band released. The EP charted on some college radio stations. It is considered indicative of the direction that the group would take with their first album Orchids which was released a year later. The song Catalyst was improvised. The song Turn Me Around would later appear on Orchids.
 Quiet Days is a studio album by Battlefield Band released in 1992 on the Temple Records label.
 Interrogations and Confessions is the second full-length album from Chicago-based band Oh My God. It was released on October 7 2003 by NoVo Records and then on October 28 of the same year on the Lightyear Entertainment label with a slightly altered track-listing.The songs on this album can be considered to have been written in a much more conventional and structured style than on their previous album The Action Album!
 Ingenting att Förlora (Nothing to lose) was released on March 13 2006 and is the debut album from the Swedish pop singer Linda Bengtzing. The album had a bad entry in charts with a 55 position but in second week it uped to number 4. It disappear from the charts five months later. Ingenting att Förlora is also a song that she sings on this album.
 Hardwell presents: 'Revealed Volume 4' is the fourth compilation album by Dutch electronic dance music producer Hardwell. It was released on 20 June 2013 by Revealed Recordings.
 While the original line-up of Moving Hearts had Christy Moore on vocals and later versions had the likes of Mick Hanly and Flo McSweeney singing The Storm was purely instrumental. Such was the vibe with this album that when the group reformed in 2007 they concentrated on the tracks from this album.
 Reality Only Fantasized is the first full length album by American technical death metal band Capharnaum.
 Live Europaturnén MCMXCVII is a live album by Pavement which was recorded at a concert in Europe in 1997. Though it was originally planned for official release on Matador Records that same year it was not actually released until 2008.
 Low is the eleventh studio album by British musician David Bowie co-produced by Bowie and Tony Visconti. Widely regarded as one of Bowie's most influential releases Low was the first of the Berlin Trilogy a series of collaborations with Brian Eno (though the album was mainly recorded in France and only mixed in West Berlin). The experimental avant-garde style would be further explored on Heroes and Lodger. The album's working title was New Music Night and Day.
 Dino Dvornik is the epymous debut album by the late Croatian singer Dino Dvornik. Released in 1989 the album is a mix of R&B synthpop and pop rock. The album was highly successful selling 750000 copies.
 Life in 1472 is the debut studio album by American producer and rapper Jermaine Dupri released by So So Def Recordings in the United States on July 21 1998 (see 1998 in music). 1472 refers to the year of Dupri's birth 1972. It produced the singles Money Ain't a Thang (U.S. #52) Sweetheart (U.S. #125) The Party Continues (U.S. #29) and Going Home with Me. Life In 1472 spend two weeks at #1 on the Top R&B Albums chart while breaking the Top 5 on the Billboard 200.
 Anthenagin is an album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers recorded in 1973 and released on the Prestige label.
 The Pennsylvania Macaroni Company is a comedy EP by Patton Oswalt. The EP features all improv and includes Brian Posehn Eugene Mirman Maria Bamford as guests on the CD.
 Ether Ore is the latest solo album from one of the Chapman Stick frontrunners Greg Howard. Containing tracks recorded live over a period of several months it manages to bring Greg's strong sense of improvisation across into the ears of the listener.
 Looking at Long John is an album by Long John Baldry released in 1966.In 1995 Long John's Blues / Looking at Long John was released on CD. It has since been re-released and remastered on Looking at Long John: The UA Years.
 Extended Versions is a live album by American hard rock band Cinderella. It was recorded on July 21 2005 at Mohegan Sun in Uncasville Connecticut and released in 2006 by Sony BMG. The album was re-issued in 2009 by Frontiers Records in Europe and Japan under the title Live at the Mohegan Sun with bonus tracks and a different cover.Gary Corbett was previously a touring keyboard player for Kiss and Paul Stanley.
 Fortress released in 2000 is Sister Hazel's third studio album.
 The Best of Rare Cult best of Rare Cult is a compilation of selected songs from the Rare Cult seven-CD box set released in November 2000. This collection also includes some songs not featured in the box set. The cover artwork was originally going to be used for The Cult's Soldier Blue single in 1987 but when the planned release was abandoned the artwork was unused. It was then adapted for use as the cover for this release.
 Electric Ladyland is the third and final studio album by the Jimi Hendrix Experience and the only one of the band's LPs that was produced by Jimi Hendrix. Released on October 25 1968 on Reprise Records by mid-November it had reached number one in the US where it spent two weeks at the top spot. The double LP was the Experience's most commercially successful release and their only number one album. It peaked at number six in the UK where it spent 12 weeks on the chart.
 Lebe lauter is an album by Christina Stürmer released in September 2006. Her earlier albums were all released in either Germany and Switzerland or Austria and Italy but this is the first one released in all of those countries.The songs Nie genug Um bei dir zu sein and Ohne Dich from this album were also released as singles.The album was certified 2× Platinum in Austria and Gold in Switzerland.
 The Planets are Blasted is the second album by the Boston Spaceships released in 2009.
 All of Who You Are is the first album by Simon Collins.
 Zeitgeist (Spirit of the Age) is the debut album by German electronical act Schiller. It featured the singles Das Glockenspiel Liebesschmerz and Ruhe all of which reached the Top 30 of the German singles charts. The album itself reached the Top 30 of the German longplay charts as well.
 Chez Wahlberg: Part One is a 1985 album by Blossom Dearie.Although the album is titled as part one a second part was never released.
 Classical Mushroom is the second studio album by the Israeli psychedelic trance band Infected Mushroom. As the name suggests the album was an experiment in combining psychedelic trance with classical music. The album was released in late June 2000 on the record label BNE.
 Where We Are Tour: Live from The O2 is a concert DVD by Irish boyband Westlife from their Where We Are Tour.
 For other uses see Rough and Ready (disambiguation)Rough and Ready is the third album by The Jeff Beck Group and the first of two by the second Jeff Beck Group. Released in 1971 it featured more of a jazz soul and R&B edge to counter Beck's lead guitar. As a songwriter Beck contributed more pieces to Rough and Ready than he had before or ever would again. Beck enlisted Bobby Tench as vocalist and it is also the first time keyboardist Max Middleton is heard.
 Vivid is the tenth Japanese language studio album (12th overall) by Japanese singer-songwriter Crystal Kay. This is her first album since her 2010 release Spin the Music. Also this is her first album to be released under her new record label Universal after she left her long-time label Sony Music Japan in 2011.
 A Short Album About Love is the fifth album by The Divine Comedy released in 1997.
 Follow Me is the second album of Dutch singer Do.It did well in the Netherlands debuting at #8 in the Mega Top 100 (album chart).
 Tuff Teef is the debut album from I Heart Hiroshima released on 13 August 2007 by Valve Records.
 City of Echoes is the third full-length album by American post-metal band Pelican released in June 2007 on Hydra Head Records. The album's thematic center is one of globalization; critics received this intention with varying degrees of enthusiasm.City of Echoes was leaked onto the Internet in early 2007. Five color variations were released for the album's vinyl format. This includes black silver translucent blue clear and black splatter and light pink and black splatter record designs.
 Amp 2 is an Electronica compilation album released by MTV and Astralwerks. It features prominently collaborations and remixes between electronic musicians and rappers.
 Infinity Eighteen Vol.1 is the second studio album of Japanese recording artist Ami Suzuki released on February 9 2000 through True Kiss Disc.
 On Our Way is a studio album by American hardcore punk band Time Flies.
 Best-Of is a greatest hits compilation album by Anggun. The album was released on December 2006 in Indonesia May 2007 in Malaysia and June 2007 in Italy.The album features all her hit singles from her past international studio albums as well some soundtrack songs that she released. She also re-recorded 3 of her old Indonesian hits for the new songs. A deluxe edition features bonus VCD and DVD were released for Indonesia and Italy.
 Devil On Our Side: B-Sides & Rarities is a rarities compilation album by Lawrence Kansas emo band The Anniversary. The album consists of unreleased material recorded while the band was still together before they broke up in 2004. This album is the first release from the group since the breakup.
 Rare Bird Alert is a 2011 Bluegrass album by Steve Martin and the Steep Canyon Rangers featuring guest appearances by Paul McCartney and The Dixie Chicks. This is Martin's second consecutive musical album and comprises 13 songs. His first all-music album was 2009's The Crow: New Songs for the 5-String Banjo. Rare Bird Alert was first released on March 15 2011. The album was nominated for a Grammy on November 30 2011 (Best Bluegrass Album).
 Jan Howard Sings Evil on Your Mind is the second studio album released by American country artist Jan Howard. The album was released in June 1966 on Decca Records and was produced by Owen Bradley. The record would be one of many Howard would record with Decca until the early seventies. Its name was derived from the single Evil on Your Mind which was included on the album and became one of Howard's biggest hits and her signature song.
 A Time in My Life is a 1971 studio album by Sarah Vaughan arranged by Ernie Wilkins.
 Stones in the Road is the fifth album by Mary Chapin Carpenter and her first and only #1 Country Album on the Billboard charts. The album also contains her first and only #1 Hot Country Singles hit Shut Up and Kiss Me. Other charting singles were Tender When I Want to Be at #6 House of Cards at #21 and Why Walk When You Can Fly? at #45.
 The Very Best of Howard Jones is a collection of Howard Jones's biggest hits from 1983 through 2003. It also contains one new track Revolution Of The Heart in its original form. It would later be altered and featured on his 2005 album Revolution Of The Heart. The Very Best Of Howard Jones also came with a bonus disc of b-sides. The two-disc set featuring 36 synth-pop hits includes New Song Everlasting Love and the Phil Collins-produced version of No One Is To Blame.
 You and the Night and the Music is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1983 and released by the Japanese Paddle Wheel label.
 Lone Ranger is the first studio album by former Night Ranger guitarist Jeff Watson released in 1992 through Shrapnel Records.
 Justice is the twelfth studio album by Japanese pop rock band Glay released simultaneously with Guilty on January 23 2013. It reached #1 on Oricon charts.
 Sound Soldier is the second studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Skye Sweetnam. The album was released in Canada on October 30 2007 and February 14 2008 in Japan. The first single off the album is Human produced by The Matrix.
 Those Things is the second album by songwriter and music producer Miguel Migs released in 2007. The album has gained critical praise as well as commercial success.[citation needed] Those Things peaked at number 15 on the US Top Electronic Albums chart. It is an album that ranges from deep house to hip house with each being solid productions overall.
 Burials is the ninth studio album by the American rock band AFI. It was released on October 22 2013 through Republic Records.In a statement regarding the album AFI frontman Davey Havok said This record is of silence and the burials that result from that silence. It's of betrayal cruelty weakness anxiety panic – deep and slow – despair injury and loss. And in this it is shamefully honest and resolutely unforgiving.
 Highlights: The Very Best of Yes is a 1993 best of collection by progressive UK rock band Yes.
 Outland is the fourth studio album by Spear of Destiny released by 10 Records in 1987 (see 1987 in music).It included the hit single Never Take Me Alive which reached no.14 in the UK singles charts in 1987 - Spear of Destiny's only Top 20 hit in the UK. Three other singles were released from the album namely Strangers In Our Town Was That You? and The Traveller all making the UK Top 50.
 Señor and the Queen is an EP by The Gaslight Anthem. It consists of 4 songs and was released in early 2008 by Sabot Productions. It was released simultaneously on vinyl with the double-7 white (100 copies) and double-7 red editions (500 copies) being the most sought after.
 The Conch is the eighth studio album by the American rock band moe. It was released on January 23 2007 by Fatboy Records. The Conch was moe.'s first studio release in four years.
 Sky Like a Broken Clock is an album by American blues singer and guitarist Kelly Joe Phelps released in 2001. It reached #8 on the Billboard Top Blues Albums charts.
 Bomber is the third studio album by British heavy metal band Motörhead. It was recorded in 1979 the same year as Overkill. The album reached #12 on the UK charts and brought some of Motörhead's most popular songs like Bomber Dead Men Tell No Tales and Stone Dead Forever.
 Hand Over Your Loved Ones is the second studio album released by American alternative rock band Wheatus. The album was released on 8 September 2003 by Columbia Records. Due to conflicts between the band and their record label the album was poorly promoted failed to sell well and only one single American In Amsterdam was released from it.
 Human Dislocation is an album recorded by the Belgian power noise act Imminent Starvation. It was released in Compact Disc format on Ant-Zen records in 1997 under the catalogue number Act 59.
 Sunshine is the second studio album by American rock duo Talk Normal. It was released in October 2012 under Joyful Noise Recordings.
 L'Heptade is the third and final album from Harmonium. It was released as a double-LP in 1976 and is considered by some critics to be one of the most important Québécois albums in popular music.
 Gold is a two-CD compilation album by The Velvet Underground.
 Sarsippius' Ark (Limited Edition) is the second album from Infectious Grooves. It was released in 1993.
 Chillaa is the second album of Finnish teen pop singer Robin after release of his debut album Koodi. As Koodi had been released in the Mid-Price range this album Chillaa is considered the first charting in the official Finnish Albums Chart. The album was released on Universal Music Finland. A deluxe edition was also released including 5 more bonus tracks and an additional special bonus track.
 My Hits and Love Songs is the 57th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1999 (see 1999 in music). It consists of a compilation disc My Hits and a new studio album Love Songs.
 1930 is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow.
 Merzbuddha is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The album was inspired by dub and contains deep bass riffs electronic vibes and beats.In July 2012 Merzbuddha Variations was released featuring outtakes from the Merzbuddha sessions. The track Marz02 was previously posted on SoundCloud six months earlier.
 B'Boom: Live in Argentina is a live album (2-CD set) by the band King Crimson released in 1995. All songs were recorded between October 6 and October 16 1994 at the Broadway in Buenos Aires Argentina except for Heartbeat which was recorded in Córdoba. King Crimson's Argentinian shows in late 1994 were the first live performances by the band in over ten years. Prior to B'Boom's release a live recording from this tour was sold illegally by an Italian bootleg company.
 Souls' Chapel is American country singer Marty Stuart's 13th studio album and his second album with his band the Fabulous Superlatives. This is also Stuart's second concept album (with The Pilgrim being his first). With this project Stuart and his Superlatives devote the entire album to gospel songs.
 Dorothy the Dinosaur's Memory Book is the 2nd Dorothy the Dinosaur series released album featuring 28 tracks of songs with Dorothy and friends.
 The Future is the second studio album from American R&B group Guy released in 1990 on MCA Records. The album had a much darker tone in stark contrast to their debut. Most of it had to do with things going on behind the scenes. A year after the release of their debut album they fired their manager Gene Griffin- who they claimed allocated funds from the group.
 War and Pain is the debut album from Canadian heavy metal band Voivod which was released on August 10 1984 through Metal Blade Records.
 Live at Austin City Limits Music Festival 2007: Kevin Devine is a digital only release of Kevin Devine's performance at the Austin City Limits Music Festival on September 15 2007. It was released through iTunes and other digital music stores. It was also released in both MP3 and Flac format on Live Downloads.The band Manchester Orchestra served as Kevin's band for this performance.The performance also featured a cover of the Neutral Milk Hotel song Holland 1945.
 Mr. Broadway: Tony Bennett's Greatest Broadway Hits is a 1962 album by Tony Bennett.
 Accordionally Yours is an album by Walter Ostanek and His Band. In 1994 the album won Ostanek the Grammy Award for Best Polka Album.
 Prey for Eyes is the third full length album by American band The Red Chord. It is the second album that the band has released on Metal Blade Records. The album was produced by Eric Rachel at Trax East (Every Time I Die A Life Once Lost) and features artwork by Paul Romano (Trivium Mastodon Maroon).
 Gracias (Thanks) is the title of the studio album released by Mexican singer José José in 1981. The main hits of the album were: Gracias Una noche de amor Sólo tú y yo (Grover Washington Jr.'s Just the Two of Us) Preso Vamos a darnos tiempo and Me basta.
 The Weight of the World is the seventh studio album by thrash metal band Metal Church. It was released in 2004 through the Steamhammer/SPV label.This album marks the beginning of Metal Church's third major line-up with the addition of Ronny Munroe (vocals) Jay Reynolds (guitar) and Steve Unger (bass). This album is also the last to feature Kirk Arrington on drums.
 37 Days is an album by American singer Beth Hart released in parts of Europe in 2007 and then in the UK in 2008. A DVD version of the album is also available where each track is played to synced pro-shot video footage of that given song being recorded in studio. The UK version of the CD release contains live bonus tracks of LA Song Learning To Live and Leave The Light On tacked on at the end of the disc.
 Sometimes is the debut solo album by City and Colour a side project of Dallas Green a guitarist and singer for the band Alexisonfire. At first the majority of these songs were only available at live shows or over the Internet through Peer-to-peer services. However due to high demand the songs were compiled onto a studio album and released through Dine Alone Records. Comin' Home was the only song on the album to not have been previously available.
 Best of April Wine is a compilation album by the Canadian rock band April Wine released in 2003.
 This Is Where It Ends is the fourth studio album by American deathcore band All Shall Perish. It was released on July 26 2011 through Nuclear Blast. The majority of the follow-up to the previous record Awaken the Dreamers was recorded and mixed once again at Castle Ultimate Studios in Oakland with producer Zack Ohren.
 Charlie Hustle is also the nickname for Pete RoseCharlie Hustle: The Blueprint of a Self-Made Millionaire is the fifth studio album by American rapper E-40 released November 9 1999 on Jive and Sick Wid It Records. The album features production by Ant Banks Bosko Battlecat Clint Payback Sands Rick Rock and Studio Ton. It peaked at number 2 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 28 on the Billboard 200.
 Apt. (short for apartment) is the fifth album by Chilean singer Nicole. It was released in July 2006 but was reformed in November 2007.[citation needed]
 Lodger is the thirteenth studio album by English singer-songwriter David Bowie released in 1979. The last of the 'Berlin Trilogy' recorded in collaboration with Brian Eno it was produced in Switzerland and New York City and was more accessible than its immediate predecessors Low and Heroes having no instrumentals and being somewhat lighter and more pop-oriented. It was still an experimental record in many ways and was not by Bowie's standards a major commercial success.
 After the Lights Go Down Low and Much More!!! is the debut album of Freda Payne released in 1964. This album was reissued on CD in Japan in January 2002 and then on September 13 2005 in the United States. Blue Piano makes its first album appearance while the majority of the songs on this album are cover songs.
 ¡Olé Tormé!: Mel Tormé Goes South of the Border with Billy May is a 1959 studio album by Mel Tormé arranged by Billy May.
 Unmasked is a 5-Song EP released by Cauterize with Disguises on MapleMusic. Disguises was released in stores and online in 2007 and the first 2000 orders through the online retailer Maple Music would get a free copy of an acoustic EP featuring 5 songs from disguises titled Unmasked. Poor album sales were evident early as the Unmasked EP did not sell out through MapleMusic. No music videos were made for either single Closer or Minor Key Symphony and the album didn't get much radio play.
 Road Trips Volume 3 Number 1 is a two-CD live album by the American rock band the Grateful Dead. The ninth in their Road Trips series of albums it was recorded on December 28 1979 at the Oakland Auditorium in Oakland California and contains the complete show from that date. A third bonus disc included with some copies of the album was recorded two nights later December 30 1979 at the same venue.
 Smells Like Bleach: A Punk Tribute To Nirvana is a tribute album by various artists to the American grunge band Nirvana released in 2001.The album's title came from the amalgamation of Nirvana's signature song Smells Like Teen Spirit and their debut album Bleach. It contains twelve Nirvana songs from different releases mainly Nirvana's second studio album Nevermind.
 All Through the Night: Julie London Sings the Choicest of Cole Porter was an LP album by Julie London released by Liberty Records under catalog number LRP-3434 as a monophonic recording and catalog number LST-7434 in stereo in 1965.
 Death to Analog is the debut album from Julien-K released on March 10 2009 (the European release date being March 5 2010). Despite a number of delays the album was confirmed to be released on February 17 2009 to coincide with the Death of Analog television. However the album's release date was pushed back to March 10.
 Maxwell's Urban Hang Suite is the debut album of American recording artist Maxwell released on April 2 1996 by Columbia Records. Recording sessions for the album took place during 1994 to 1995 at Electric Lady Studios RPM Sorcerer and Chung King Studios in New York City and CRC Studios in Chicago. The album contains a mellow groove-based sound and incorporates elements of funk jazz smooth soul and quiet storm.
 The Confessions Tour is the second live album by American singer-songwriter Madonna. It was released on January 26 2007 by Warner Bros. Records. Directed by Jonas Åkerlund the album chronicles Madonna's 2006 Confessions Tour. It was recorded at Wembley Arena during the London dates of the tour and was released in both CD and DVD format. The DVD contains the entire concert and the CD includes thirteen live songs only.
 Rainy Sundays... Windy Dreams is Andy Irvine's first solo album produced by Dónal Lunny and recorded at Dublin's Windmill Lane Studios in late 1979. It was released in January 1980 by Tara Records.
 Gives You Hell: The Remixes is an EP by the American rock band The All-American Rejects released February 3 2009 by Interscope Records.The EP features remixes of the song Gives You Hell from their third studio album When the World Comes Down by musicians such as Ocelot Bloody Beetroots and EL-P.
 Vyznanie (English: Declaration) is the fifth compilation album by Marika Gombitová and her second featuring two compact discs. The set was released on OPUS in 2007.
 The Hit List is a cover album by Joan Jett. The album was released in 1990. All of the tracks are covers of famous songs.
 Blues-ette is an album by American trombonist Curtis Fuller recorded in 1959 and released on the Savoy label.
 Left Hand Pathology is a debut full length album by Swedish goregrind/death metal band General Surgery after seventeen years forming. The title is a reference to the Entombed's album Left Hand Path. The cover illustrations was taken from De humani corporis fabrica by Andreas Vesalius (Brussels 1514-1564).
 Rough Diamonds is the sixth album by rock band Bad Company released in August 1982.Rough Diamonds like its predecessor Desolation Angels was recorded at Ridge Farm Studio in Surrey England in March and April 1981 and engineered by Max Norman (famed for his work with Ozzy Osbourne).It was the last album by Bad Company's original lineup. The sessions were rough going from the beginning.
 Live at the Union Chapel by Procol Harum is a live album released in 2004. It is also notable as the last Procol Harum album to feature Matthew Fisher on organ and the time Procol Harum recorded A Whiter Shade of Pale with 3 verses (previous albums and single only contained 2 verses)
 Night Is the New Day is Katatonia's eighth full-length album. It was released on 2 November 2009 in Europe and on 10 November 2009 in North America through Peaceville Records. Thirteen tracks were recorded eleven of which made it onto the record. The band describes the material as our most varied diverse and possibly strongest shit all together on one and the same album.
 Hebrews is the sixth full-length studio album by American rock band Say Anything. On March 25 the band announced via their label Equal Vision Records's blog that their new record entitled Hebrews titled after front-man Max Bemis's Jewish lineage would be released on June 10 2014. Early on in the recording process it was announced that the album would be self produced by Bemis and engineered by Garron DuPree.
 Live at Ronnie Scott's is an album by singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone (1933-2003). It is a live recording of a concert she gave at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in 1984 a London venue where she performed a few times in her later life.
 Where There's Smoke... is a 1979 album by Smokey Robinson released on Motown Records' Tamla label. It contains his Billboard Top ten pop hit single Cruisin'.
 Hymns to the Silence is the twenty-first studio album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison released in 1991. It peaked at No. 5 in the UK. It was his first ever studio double album.
 This Time is the sixth studio album by rapper Beanie Sigel it was released in the US on August 28 2012. In addition to being Sigel's last album before reporting to prison on September 12 2012 to serve a two-year prison sentence for tax evasion it will also be the first album released under the newly relaunched Ruffhouse Records following its own thirteen-year hiatus.Guest appearances include Akon Game Corey Latif Williams Junior Reid Young Chris and Sigel's own group State Property.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by rapper Nas released through Columbia Records on November 6 2007. It features twelve of Nas' singles from his Columbia releases from Illmatic to Street's Disciple and two new tracks. Nas' 2006 studio album Hip Hop Is Dead was overlooked because it was released by Def Jam and not Columbia. Nastradamus and The Lost Tapes were also left out. The collaboration made with Cee-Lo for the Rush Hour 3 soundtrack is also included on the album.
 Águas Purificadoras is the third album in the live praise and worship series of Christian Contemporary music by Diante do Trono.
 Another World is the fifth album by American Grammy winning jazz double bass and electric bass player John Patitucci released in 1993.
 The Death of Death is the eighth studio album from the Charlie Hall Band. It was released on January 29 2013 and is the first independent album from Charlie Hall in twelve years.
 A Nancy Wilson Christmas is a 2001 studio album of Christmas music by the American singer Nancy Wilson. As well as being Wilson's first album of Christmas music it was the first album that Wilson recorded for the Manchester Craftsmen's Guild record label MCG Jazz.
 The Howling is a song by Dutch symphonic metal/rock band Within Temptation. It was released as an EP on May 1 2007 exclusively at Hot Topic stores in the United States. It was also used as the second promotional single for The Heart of Everything digitally released in the United Kingdom while Frozen was released elsewhere in Europe.
 Montreux II is a live album by jazz pianist Bill Evans with Eddie Gomez and Marty Morell recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland in 1970 and released on the CTI label. The album was the second of Evan's Montreux concert recordings to be released following the Grammy Award winning Bill Evans at the Montreux Jazz Festival (1968).
 Got Your Back (2011) is Pour Habit's second full-length album released through Fat Wreck Chords in 2011.
 Black Pearl is the second album by female emcee Yo-Yo. It was released on June 23 1992 on East West America/Atlantic Records and was produced by Down Low Productions Sir Jinx DJ Pooh and DJ Muggs. The album peaked at number 145 on the Billboard 200 and number 32 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Stardust We Are is the third studio album by the progressive rock band The Flower Kings which was released in 1997. It is the band's first double-CD studio album and includes the epic composition and title track Stardust We Are which has since become one of the band's signature song.
 All for This is the debut solo album by Ben Moody. The album was released digitally June 9 2009 via Amazon.com iTunes and Amie Street through Moody's label FNR Records.
 Time Will Reveal is an album by the gangsta rap group Above the Law released in 1996 (see 1996 in music). This was the first Above the Law album not released on Ruthless Records; instead it was released on Tommy Boy.
 The Murmur Years: The Best of Something for Kate 1996 - 2007 was a retrospective double album comprising 33 tracks by Australian rock band Something for Kate spanning more than 10 years of the band's career from 1996–2007. The band handpicked songs for the album from early EPs their five studio albums live favorites and covers along with a new track The Futurist.
 Unexpected Guest at a Cancelled Party is a compilation album of unreleased material by Canadian 80s New Wave band Spoons. Named after the b-side to their Talk Back single it was released independently by Spoons member Gordon Deppe in June 2007 (2007-06).
 Life's So Funny is the fifth main studio album released by American country music artist Joe Diffie. It contains the single Bigger Than the Beatles Diffie's last Number One single on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. Following this single were in order: C-O-U-N-T-R-Y Down in a Ditch and Whole Lotta Gone. While C-O-U-N-T-R-Y and Whole Lotta Gone both peaked at #23 Down in a Ditch failed to chart.
 Beneath the Skin – Live in Paris is a concert video by Irish rock band The Cranberries from their Bury the Hatchet tour.
 Rockstar is the third album by Swedish pop singer Bosson. It was released in 2003 by MNW. It peaked in Sweden at #49 on the Swedish Album Charts.
 Carly Simon: Live From Martha's Vineyard is a 1987 HBO concert special recorded live on the shores of Martha's Vineyard. It featured Simon and a live band performing the majority of her Coming Around Again album as well as her classic hits such as Anticipation You're So Vain and Nobody Does It Better. On its first screening and release on HBO the concert was entitled Carly Simon - Coming Around Again.
 The 2nd John Handy Album is a studio album by saxophonist John Handy and his quintet recorded and released in 1966. It was Handy's second release for Columbia. The original album features five pieces all recorded on July 25 1966 in Los Angeles. The CD reissue features three additional tracks recorded during a different session.
 Audioslave is the name of a DVD EP by American rock supergroup Audioslave released in 2003. It contains the three videos the band had made up to that point Cochise directed by Mark Romanek Like a Stone directed by Meiert Avis and Show Me How to Live directed by Richard C. Sarafian. After the first three clips the fourth item is a block of material taken from the Late Show with David Letterman in New York on November 25 2002.
 Tube Bar Collector's Edition [2-CD Set] is a prank call comedy compilation by the Bum Bar Bastards. This 2 disc album is a compilation of their first two albums Tube Bar (Album) and Tavern Tour. The album was first released on August 1 2004 in a 2 disc set which also included an DVD Video disc. It was later released on January 1 2006 on iTunes and then again on September 1 2007 as a two-CD set.
 Wait for Me is the ninth studio album by American electronica musician Moby released on 29 June 2009. Moby announced the title track listing and release date of the album on his website on 14 April 2009.The first single from the album was Shot in the Back of the Head. The song's accompanying music video was directed by David Lynch. The videos to Pale Horses and Mistake feature the alien shown on the cover and a dog.
 A Little Extra Sun is the third studio recording and first EP by American independent singer Megan Slankard released on September 6 2005 as the follow-up to her second album Freaky Little Story. This was first released as a limited edition EP exclusively available at CD Baby with limited distribution available at other music retailers in 2006.
 Enrique is the debut English album and fourth studio album by Enrique Iglesias recorded in English and released in November 1999.
 The Indie Rock Essentials is a compilation album compiled from songs by Blue Sky Black Death released on 1 September 2009.Artists featured on this album include Jean Grae Yes Alexander Holocaust Hell Razah and Ashley Wise; taking songs from the Blue Sky Black Death albums Late Night Cinema The Evil Jeanius The Holocaust Slow Burning Lights and Razah's Ladder.It has been speculated that this album was compiled by record label Babygrande without the consent of Blue Sky Black Death for two reasons:The title has been seen by fans as very odd for Blue Sky Black Death's taste.Babygrande has released and even remixed without the groups consent before.↑
 for the popular song see: I Scream You Scream We All Scream for Ice CreamI Scream is the second studio album by Nana Kitade. It was first released December 6 2006 through Sony Music Japan. The album peaked at #150 on the Oricon chart. A special limited edition came with the CD bonus alarm clock special socks greeting card and special Christmas card with message hand-written by Kitade herself.
 Spel (released Februsry 9 2004 on the Heilo catalog at the Grappa label - HCD 7188) is a live recording and the fifth album from the Norwegian folk band Bukkene Bruse.
 Gotthard is the debut studio album released by the hard rock band Gotthard.The album peaked at #5 on the Swiss charts and was certified as Platinum for exceeding 30000 sales.
 Silver 'n Strings Play the Music of the Spheres is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver his final released on the Blue Note label featuring performances by Silver with Tom Harrell Larry Schneider Ron Carter and Al Foster with vocals by Gregory Hines Brenda Alford Carol Lynn Maillard and Chapman Roberts and an overdubbed string section conducted by Wade Marcus.
 Recuerdos del Alma (Eng.: Soul Memories) is the title of a studio album released by romantic music group Los Temerarios. This album became their seventh number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums.
 Hell Frost is the debut album by The Unguided. The album was released on November 30 2011 through Despotz Records and was produced by Jonas Kjellgren. The album has been described by singer Richard Sjunnesson as a lyrical sequel to Eden Fire by Sonic Syndicate their former band.
 Across the Bridge of Hope is a compilation album created and recorded in support of victims of the Omagh bombings. The album was released on July 13 1999 by White Records. The album included various songs by Irish artists as well as two poem recitations by actor Liam Neeson.
 Live and Electric at The Union Chapel is a live album by All About Eve recorded at their Union Chapel concert on 9 December 2000. It was released as both a standard version and as a limited edition double CD the second CD containing three more tracks from the same concert.
 A Decade In The Grave is a box set (4 CDs + 1 DVD) by death metal band Six Feet Under. It was released in 2005 on Metal Blade Records. Ten years later of SFU formation Metal Blade celebrated the band's longevity with A Decade in the Grave a five-disc box set (four audio CDs plus a DVD).
 Preludes: Rare and Unreleased Recordings is a two-CD compilation of music and interviews including unreleased outtakes and demos by singer-songwriter Warren Zevon who died in 2003.A few months after Zevon's death his son Jordan drove out to one of his father's storage spaces in the San Fernando Valley to begin the process of sorting through old recordings.
 Stronghold – The Collector's Hit Box is a compilation album by American singer Jennifer Rush.Released in 2007 the collection was widely anticipated by fans. The album came as a 3 CD box set featuring single releases remixes and previously unreleased material. Among the rare tracks were four unreleased James Bond themes that Rush had recorded in the early 1980s before her fame.
 Tough All Over is an album by American country music artist Gary Allan. It was released on October 11 2005 on the MCA Nashville label and has been certified gold by the RIAA. Recorded after his wife's suicide the album is more somber than his previous works with several songs termed excruciatingly sad.Two songs from the album were released as singles: Best I Ever Had a cover of the 2001 Vertical Horizon song and Life Ain't Always Beautiful .
 Everything and More is the third album of Natalia Belgium's highest selling female artist. The release date was May 28 2007 in Belgium. The album was recorded in Berlin.The first single from the album was Gone to Stay released on May 14 2007. One of the songs on the album I Will has been written by Pink for Natalia.
 Elbette (English: Of course) is Candan Erçetin's third studio album. It was released in September 1999. There are songs mostly produced by Mete Özgencil. Elbette a song written by herself has become widely popular.
 Daniel Celebration Edition 慶功收藏版 (Pinyin: Qìng Gōng Shōu Cáng Bǎn) was introduced to the market in 2006 to mark the achievement of sales of the self-titled debut album of Daniel Lee Chee Hun (winner of Malaysian Idol 2) at more than 25000 copies which is accorded as platinum status.This celebration edition contains two discs. The first one consists of all 10 songs from Danell's first album.
 Italyan rum casusu çikti is the third album by Italian rock band Elio e le storie tese. The album name is in turkish and means It was discovered that the Italian was a Greek Spy: this phrase appeared in a Turkish Journal after Massimo Rana an Italian Photographer believed a spy in 1991 was arrested by the Turkish-Cypriot Police.
 Brooke Allison is the debut album by pop singer Brooke Allison which was released on June 19 2001. The album includes songs written by Mýa Meredith Brooks and Allan Rich. It's so crazy - in a good way - because the album has so many musical styles Allison has said of the album.
 Patsy Cline is an EP released by American country music singer Patsy Cline on August 5 1957. It was Cline's first EP released through Decca Records as her previous was released under Coral Records a Decca subsidiary.Patsy Cline was released on the same day her self-titled debut album was released as well as a second EP titled Songs by Patsy Cline. This EP consisted of four tracks two on each side of the record.
 85–95 is a 1995 compilation recorded by French artist Marc Lavoine. It was the singer's first best of and his seventh album overall. It was released in October 1995 and achieved success in France and Belgium (Wallonia) where it reached the top four. This compilation contains all the singer's singles from the beginning of hi career plus two unreleased songs : Reste sur moi a song previously written for Patricia Kaas on her 1993 album Je te dis vous and Nu.
 Magik One: First Flight is the first album in the Magik series by trance artist DJ Tiësto released on September 1997 in the Netherlands. It was re-released in 2001. As with the rest of the Magik series the album is a live turntable mix.This album and its three sequels became infamous after it occurred that Tiësto and his record company illegally used Patrick Woodroffe's paintings for covers.
 Eagles is a compilation box set by the American rock band the Eagles. The box set includes material from the band's time under the Elektra and Asylum labels between 1972 and 1980.
 Living in the Present Future is the second studio album by Swedish rock singer-songwriter Eagle-Eye Cherry. It was released in 2000. In the three-year gap between 1997's Desireless and this release he left Epic subsidiary Work and came to MCA wherein he worked with such producers as The Dust Brothers and Rick Rubin.
 Welcome to the New Cold World is an Album by Lights Action. It was released worldwide on March 2 2009 as a digital download only with the option to buy a CD version through the band's website.
 In The Skin is an EP released by Psychopomps in 1993 through Cleopatra Records. It consists of the previously released More DK EP as well as several new tracks.
 MJT + 3 is an album by MJT + 3 recorded in 1960 for Vee-Jay Records.
 New Beginning is the second studio album from R&B group SWV. The first single You're the One became one of their signature songs peaking at number five on Billboard's Hot 100 and topped the Hot R&B Singles. The second single Use Your Heart saw the debut of the super producers The Neptunes. This song peaked at twenty-two on the Hot 100 and number six on the R&B chart. The last single It's All About U found Taj taking most of the lead as opposed to Coko.
 As Folhas Novas Mudam de Cor is the third album by the Portuguese music composer António Pinho Vargas. It was released in 1987.
 Rock in Rio is a double live DVD set (also available on VHS & UMD) by the heavy metal band Iron Maiden. Besides showing the entire performance of the Rock in Rio show the second disc also includes three special features with interviews with band members a short documentary on the day in the life of Iron Maiden and photos by official photographer Ross Halfin. It claimed the No. 1 slot on the US Soundscan Music DVD Charts in its first week of release while gaining No.
 Kill or Be Killed is the seventh studio album by American band Biohazard.
 Knowledge Through Science is a solo album by Richard H. Kirk of Cabaret Voltaire. The release was a limited edition of 500 copies of the CD printed by Irregular who promoted a Richard H. Kirk gig at The Garage London on 23 July 1998. About half of the copies were given away for free after the gig.
 A Touch of Evil: Live is Judas Priest's fifth live album and the first with original vocalist Rob Halford since they reunited.
 Live at Keystone is an album by Merl Saunders Jerry Garcia John Kahn and Bill Vitt. It was recorded live at the Keystone in Berkeley California on July 10 and 11 1973 and released later that year as a two-disc vinyl LP.
 Pot Boiler is a 2007 album by The Verlaines on Flying Nun Records.
 The Compact XTC: The Singles 1978-1985 is a compilation album by XTC released in 1987. It replaced Waxworks: Some Singles 1977-1982 as a Greatest Hits album adding six singles issued between English Settlement and The Big Express. It took advantage of the compact disc's greater storage capacity to limit it to a single disc.
 Jim Croce Live: The Final Tour is a live album by American singer-songwriter Jim Croce originally released in 1989 roughly 16 years after his untimely death at age 30 in a plane crash on September 20 1973. Recorded on the 1973 tour the album features in-concert performances of some of Croce's biggest hits peppered with stories and banter between songs adding the inspiration for some of them.
 Good Mood Fool is the third solo album from Luke Temple of Here We Go Magic. The album was released by Secretly Canadian in October 2013. Luke wrote the album in a cottage in upstate New York in the winter of 2013 where he was joined by Mike Johnson of Dirty Projectors and Eliot Krimsky of Glass Ghost. The album is Temple's first solo project since writing and releasing several projects with Here We Go Magic beginning in 2008.
 Not to be confused with the creatures mention in the The Dark Tower (1977 novel).White Rider is the fourth album by British white power rock band Skrewdriver released in 1987. All of the songs were written by Ian Stuart Donaldson.
 We Sold Our Soul for Rock 'n' Roll is a compilation album by Black Sabbath originally released on 1 December 1975 in the UK and then on 3 February 1976 in the U.S.
 Horror Show is the sixth studio album from the American heavy metal band Iced Earth released June 26 2001. It is a theme album based on classic monsters and horror-movie icons including Dracula Frankenstein and the ghost from Phantom of the Opera. It was the first Iced Earth album to feature drummer Richard Christy and the only album to feature Steve DiGiorgio on bass though he did not tour with the band.
 The O-Files was the record label OFF Beat's compilation series gathering four EPs on one full-length CD. This is the first volume of three containing Klinik's Touch EP.Apparently none of the EPs were available as separate discs.
 Nights Are So Long is the first studio album by singer Michael Monroe released in 1987 through Yahoo! Records; a remastered edition was reissued in 2004 through Warner Music. It is Monroe's first post-Hanoi Rocks release with Yahoo! being the record label of Hanoi Rocks' then-manager Seppo Vesterinen. Save for three tracks written by Monroe the rest are mainly covers; his subsequently 1989 album Not Fakin' It would be the first to feature entirely original compositions.
 All About You is the second studio album by American recording artist Jeremih released on September 28 2010 by Def Jam Recordings.
 Super Value Buck-Tick is the fifth compilation album by Buck-Tick released on December 19 2001. The album's name is very fitting this unauthorized release really meant good value as this release is generally several hundred yen cheaper than their other albums. It is essentially half of Sexy Stream Liner plus the 3 singles that followed.[citation needed]
 DJ-Kicks: Playgroup is a DJ mix album mixed by Playgroup also known as Trevor Jackson. It was released on 1 July 2002 on the Studio !K7 independent record label as part of the DJ-Kicks series.
 The Rough Guide to the Music of Morocco is a world music compilation album originally released in 2012. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the release contains two discs: an overview of the music of Morocco—featuring such genres as Chaabi and Malhun—is found on Disc One while Disc Two features the modern rural-urban fusion band Groupe Mazagan. The compilation was curated by Andy Morgan former manager of Tinariwen and organizer of the Festival in the Desert.
 Glasgow Walker is a 2000 album by Scotland-based singer-songwriter John Martyn. It was his first album to be written on a keyboard rather than a guitar after a suggestion from his friend Phil Collins. It contains a trip-hop song Cool In This Life after John experimented with trip-hop on his earlier album And. Kathryn Williams is featured on backing vocals on Can't Live Without and The Field of Play. The album was dedicated to Rod Woolnough.
 The Punk Singles Collection 1977-80 is a compilation album by Sham 69. It was originally released by Cleopatra in 1998. It features all of the singles with their b-sides (except live tracks) released by the band from their start to their first break-up. It was re-released in 2006 by Captain Oi! this time featuring the four missing live b-sides.When this album was released many of the songs made their CD debut.
 Power Tracks is a 1993 album by 2 Unlimited a Eurodance project founded in 1991 by Belgian producers Jean-Paul DeCoster and Phil Wilde and fronted by Dutch rapper Ray Slijngaard and Dutch vocalist Anita Doth.
 Memorias (Memories) is a studio album released by the romantic ensemble Grupo Bryndis.
 Hootie Mack is the second studio album released by R&B group Bell Biv DeVoe. It was released on June 6 1993 through MCA Records and featured production from the group itself and some of R&B's top producers such as Chris Stokes L.A. Reid and Babyface. As the follow-up to the group's 4x multi-platinum debut album Poison expectations were high. Hootie Mack wasn't as successful as Poison however the album peaked at 19 on the Billboard 200 and 6 on the Top R&B Albums.
 Live at McCabe's is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake and Nancy Blake released in 1975. It was recorded at McCabe's Guitar Shop in Santa Monica California.Live at McCabe's was reissued on CD in 1987 along with Directions by Takoma.
 Lambhouse: The Collection 1991–1998 is Unsane's second compilation album released in 2003 through Relapse Records. It is a CD/DVD greatest hits compilation and collection of live and promotional videos by the band.
 Repeat Offender is the second studio album by singer/songwriter Richard Marx. Released in mid-1989 it replaced Prince's Batman soundtrack at #1 on Billboard's album chart. The album went on to sell over five million copies in the US alone (several times that worldwide) due to five major singles on the Billboard charts including two #1 hits: Satisfied and the Platinum-certified Right Here Waiting.This album has never been out of print in 25 years.
 Gratitude is a double album by the band Earth Wind & Fire. It was released in December 1975 (see 1975 in music) and re-issued on May 9 2000 (see 2000 in music). The album spent three weeks at number one on the Billboard Pop Albums Chart six nonconsecutive weeks at number one on the Soul/Black Albums chart and has been certified triple platinum by the RIAA. Gratitude was also the 2nd bestselling R&B album of 1976. 3/4 of the album is live and the other 1/4 is recorded in the studio.
 Grey Hairs is a 2008 album by American rapper Reks. The album was released on July 22 2008 through ShowOff Records.
 Chicago X is the eighth studio album and tenth album overall by the American band Chicago and was released on June 14 1976. The album is notable for its soulfulness and it ended up being a turning point in the band's career thanks to one song.After recording Chicago VIII in a state of exhaustion Chicago didn't return to the studio until the spring of 1976 feeling refreshed after a substantial break away.
 One is the debut jazz solo album by jazz musician Bob James released in 1974. It was an important album in the early smooth jazz genre and is famous for its end track Nautilus which became culturally important to hip hop as one of the most sampled tracks in American music.
 The Seventh Seal is the third solo studio album by American rapper Rakim. It was released November 17 2009 after several delays on Rakim's own Ra Records TVM and SMC Recordings and distributed through Fontana and Universal Music Group. Considered a comeback album after a ten-year gap between releases the album features the singles Holy Are You which was released on July 14 2009 and Walk These Streets which was released on October 7 2009.
 Paradise in Distress is an album by Dutch hard rock band Golden Earring released in 1999 (see 1999 in music).
 Good Singin' Good Playin' is the final 1970s album by Grand Funk Railroad released by MCA Records (MCA 2216) in 1976.The band had actually broken up but after Frank Zappa expressed interest in producing an album for them they managed to reassemble for one more attempt to regain a high chart position which had become elusive as pop music became increasingly dominated by disco.
 September Morn is the thirteenth album by Neil Diamond released in 1979 as an update of Neil Diamond's 1960s roots with a disco version of the Motown classic Dancing in the Street and a remake of I'm a Believer.
 Maskarada (English: Masquerade) is the ninth studio album by Serbian singer Ceca. It was released in 1997.
 The Definitive Act was the second and final studio album by Tsunami Bomb released in 2004. The band also has four Extended Play albums released between 1998 and 2001.
 Sadie is the debut studio album by Australian pop singer John Farnham (billed then as Johnny Farnham) it was released by EMI Records in April 1968. The lead single Sadie (The Cleaning Lady) had been released in November 1967 it was #1 on the Go-Set National Singles Charts for five weeks and was the largest selling single in Australia by an Australian artist in the 1960s.
 This Is Me is the debut album by Canadian R&B singer Jully Black. Released in 2005 the album debuted at number 34 on Canada's national albums chart.Singles released off the album include Stay The Night Sweat Of Your Brow 5x Love/Material Things and I Travelled. In the summer of 2005 Sweat of Your Brow was a significant airplay hit in Canada.While the album was heavily promoted sales were disappointing.
 Citizens is the first studio album by the Christian Contemporary-Indie-Alternative-Rock band Citizens which was released on March 12 2013 by BEC Recordings and Mars Hill Music and the producer on the album is Brian Eichelberger. This album has seen critical and commercial success since it has been released.
 Vessels is the first full length album from psychedelic rock group Wolf & Cub. It was recorded in Adelaide Australia from April 2005 and completed in 2006. The album was mixed by producer Tony Doogan after lead singer Joel Byrne travelled to Scotland for 3 weeks. Tony Doogan previously worked with artists such as Mogwai Belle & Sebastian Super Furry Animals Dirty Pretty Things and The Mountain Goats. The album was mastered by Greg Calbi in New York.
 Lepa Brena (The Best Of - Dupli CD) is a compilation album released by Bosnian singer Lepa Brena in the former Yugoslav countries early in 2004. Even though her albums date back to 1981 many of the songs on this album are remastered and several are even rerecorded so the versions are totally different from their originals.This is her second compilation album the first being Lepa Brena & Slatki Greh (1990).
 Nubreed 004 is a DJ mix album mix and compiled by Sander Kleinenberg as part of the Nubreed series.
 Gyotaku (魚磔 Gyotaku) is an album by GO!GO!7188 released in 2001.
 Lonely and Blue is the first music album recorded by Roy Orbison for Monument Records released in 1961.The track entitled Come Back to Me (My Love) features an almost identical intro to Only the Lonely. In 1957 Frank Sinatra recorded a song of the same name for the album Frank Sinatra Sings for Only the Lonely (not related to Orbison's recording).
 After the Original Style is debut album of Slovenly released on 1984 through New Alliance Records.
 Scholars Sing Cayabyab is a compilation album of Ryan Cayabyab-composed songs performed by the Pinoy Dream Academy Season 2 Top 10 scholars and the PDA Season 1 Grand Star Dreamer Yeng Constantino. The album was released on 2008 under Star Records.The album is composed of eleven tracks that includes the songs Paano Na Kaya Manalig Ka Limang Dipang Tao and Awit Ng Pangarap.
 Gold is a compilation album from the Irish band The Cranberries released as part of Universal Music's Gold series. Unlike the preceding compilation Stars: The Best of 1992–2002 the versions of the songs present on this two-disc collection are not edited for length. The liner notes indicate on page six that originally there was to be a 32nd track taken from Dolores O'Riordan's solo album Are You Listening?.
 Super Roots is the first installment of the Super Roots EP series by Japanese experimental band Boredoms released in 1993 by WEA Japan in 1994 by Reprise/Warner Bros. Records in the United States and rereleased in 2007 by Very Friendly Records in the United Kingdom and Vice/Atlantic Records in the United States.
 Thrive (stylized as THRIVE) is the sixth studio album by American Christian rock band Casting Crowns. Released on January 28 2014 through Beach Street and Reunion Records the album was produced by Mark A. Miller. Musically the album whose concept was inspired by Psalms 1 from the Bible has a rock and contemporary Christian sound with influences from folk and bluegrass.
 Book of Shadows is the first solo album by the heavy metal guitarist Zakk Wylde.
 Solar.3 is an album by New Zealand band Bailter Space released in 1999.
 Through the Looking Glass is the 11th studio album by the American band Toto. It was released in 2002 three years after their last studio release Mindfields. The album consists of covers of songs that have inspired the band.
 The Platform is the debut album of the West Coast hip hop group Dilated Peoples. It was released in 2000 under the Capitol Records label and represents a movement of several California underground hip hop artists away from the violence and misogyny of gangsta rap towards a more traditional conscious form of rap.
 Also known as Super Hits of the '70s: Have a Nice Day Volume 1 or Super Hits of the '70s Volume 1.
 If'n is the second album by the American alternative rock band Firehose released in 1987.The sound on the album is less incendiary than Ragin' Full On moving away from the harder-edged Minutemen style to a mellower funk-driven humorous good-time rock'n'roll direction (one the Minutemen had themselves explored on the EP Project Mersh).
 Me ei kuolla koskaan is the second studio album by Finnish singer and songwriter Olavi Uusivirta. Released on 28 September 2005 (2005-09-28) the album peaked at number 18 on the Finnish Albums Chart.
 Street Nigga is the only release of the American East Coast hip hop group YG'z.
 Together Again also known as Country and Western Meets Rhythm and Blues is a studio album by Ray Charles released in 1965 by ABC-Paramount Records.
 Kassetten (English: Cassettes) is the fifth release of Einstürzende Neubauten's Musterhaus project a series of highly experimental CD releases that were only available via an annual subscription through their website or from shows during their 25th Anniversary Tour.
 Historia del bikini is the seventh album recorded by Spanish rock band Hombres G released in 1992.
 The soundtrack to Licence to Kill the 16th James Bond film of the same name was released by MCA Records in 1989.Because the usual James Bond composer John Barry (who had scored almost every film from From Russia with Love onwards) was not available at the time as he was undergoing throat surgery the soundtrack's more upbeat and suspenseful score was composed and conducted by Michael Kamen.Initially Eric Clapton and Vic Flick were asked to write and perform the theme song to Licence to Kill.
 Dreams and Nightmares is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Meek Mill. It was released through Maybach Music Group and Warner Bros. Records on October 30 2012. The album features guest appearances from Nas Rick Ross Wale Trey Songz Drake Big Sean John Legend Louie V 2 Chainz Kirko Bangz Sam Sneak and Mary J. Blige.
 Get Rude is a demo album by American thrash metal band Exhorder self-released in 1986. It features an early versions of Unforgiven and Incontinence (in this demo Incontinence is called Wake the Dead) later heard on The Law.
 Ego War is the debut album of British electronic duo Audio Bullys released in 2003. The album features music incorporating a variety of influences including house grime hip hop and dub.
 Filmworks XVI: Workingman's Death features a score by John Zorn for a documentary film by Michael Glawogger. The album was released on Zorn's own label Tzadik Records in 2005 and contains music that Zorn wrote and recorded for Workingman's Death (2005) a documentary detailing hazardous employment undertaken in Ukraine Indonesia Nigeria Pakistan and China.
 Tamla Motown Gold: The Sound of Young America is a 3 disc compilation album released by the Tamla Motown label in 2001. It features all the hits from the label in the 1960s by various artists.
 Kokaiinum is the fourth studio album by Danish death metal band Illdisposed. The title is taken from the Arnold Schwarzenegger film Red Heat.
 Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater – The First Bite was only released in Japan in November 2004. The CD includes promotional materials such as songs screensaver and a Snake Eater music video. Music is composed by Norihiko Hibino.
 Juno & The Dismemberment Plan is a split EP by The Dismemberment Plan and Juno released in 2001 on DeSoto Records.
 mc chris Goes to Hell is an album by the American rapper mc chris that was released April 20 2010. It is the culmination of three EPs — Part Six Part One Part Six Part Two and Part Six Part Three. The album includes nine of the songs included in the three EPs each one being remixed and remastered along with four new songs and two skits.The album was first available on April 15 2010 during mc chris' show at the Comix comedy club.
 Explorations is an album by Argentine composer pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin and American drummer Louis Bellson recorded in 1964and released on the Roulette label. It was the first album composed entirely by Schifrin and features themes that would later be used in the television detective series Mannix.
 Stakes Is High is De La Soul's fourth full-length album released on June 18 1996. The album marked a change in the group's sound and direction as it was their first release not to be produced in collaboration with Prince Paul. Stakes Is High was mainly produced by the group themselves with additional tracks provided by Jay Dee DJ Ogee Spearhead X and Skeff Anslem. It received mostly strong reviews but little commercial success.
 Bless the Weather is a 1971 album by John Martyn and marks his return as a solo artist having released two albums with his wife Beverley Martyn. When it was released it garnered his best reviews to date and remains a firm favourite among fans featuring such standards as Head and Heart and the title track.
 Rome is an album written by the American music producer Danger Mouse and the Italian composer Daniele Luppi. The album took five years to make and was inspired by the music from spaghetti westerns.The album was recorded using vintage equipment and as well as featuring musicians who recorded spaghetti western soundtracks also features a reunited Cantori Moderni – the choir put together by Alessandro Alessandroni – which features on the soundtrack to The Good the Bad and the Ugly.
 Greatest Hits is the third greatest hits by American singer-actress Cher released on October 1974 by MCA Records. The album was released to close Cher's contract with MCA her record company since 1971. This release follows the greatest hits albums Golden Greats (1968) and Superpack (1972).The album peaked at #152 on the official Billboard 200.
 Imagerical is the debut CD by Canadian singer-songwriter Matt Brouwer. It was released on Reunion Records on May 29 2001 and received universal acclaim from the gospel music industry. Christianity Today hailed Brouwer as one of the Best New Artists of 2001 along with Katy Perry (known then as Katy Hudson). The album produced 2 top 10 Christian hits on CHR radio and sold well in the US and Canada. In 2002 the album was nominated for a Canadian JUNO Award for Best Gospel Album.
 Attack of the Attacking Things is the debut album by American rapper Jean Grae. It was recorded at Da Crib Of Hitz H.A.H and Project Heat Studios in New York City.
 A Group Called Smith is an album by soul/psych band Smith released in 1969. It contains their biggest hit a cover of The Shirelles' Baby It's You which peaked at #5 on the Billboard Hot 100 on November 1 1969 (it spent a total of fifteen weeks on the chart). Baby It's You was also featured in Quentin Tarantino's 2007 film Death Proof.
 The Bytches is the debut album by female rap duo BWP. The album was released in 1991 for Columbia Records and was produced by Mark Sexx. The Bytches was a success for the duo making it to number 34 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and featuring the successful single Two Minute Brother which made it to number six on the Hot Rap Singles. This would be the only album released by the group as their follow-up 1993's Life's A Bytch was shelved just days before its release.
 Lord Cut-Glass is the debut studio album by Lord Cut-Glass released on 22 June 2009 on Chemikal Underground.
 Sittin' on Top of the World is the third studio album by American country singer LeAnn Rimes released in the United States on May 5 1998 by Curb Records. The album has been certified Platinum. It contains cover versions of Insensitive by Jann Arden Sittin' on Top of the World by Amanda Marshall Purple Rain by Prince and Rock Me (In the Cradle of Love) by Deborah Allen.
 Keep Your Receipt is a small release by Reel Big Fish in 1997 between their albums Turn the Radio Off and Why Do They Rock So Hard. It includes songs from their two previous releases; the aforementioned Turn the Radio Off and 1995's Everything Sucks plus a cover of an Operation Ivy song previously released on a tribute album.The release also features enhanced CD-ROM content.
 Justice is the third studio album by the rock band Rev Theory released on February 15 2011 by Interscope Records. The first single also titled Justice was released to iTunes and radio on October 25 2010. Justice peaked at #5 in Billboard Hard Rock Albums chart and #75 in the Billboard 200. The album has sold 54000 to date. The song Justice was used for WWE's Extreme Rules (2011). The song Hangman is used for the secondary theme song for WWE's SmackDown
 Mainly Mother Goose is the sixth album by popular children's entertainers Sharon Lois & Bram originally released in 1984. It has been re-released several times but the artwork on the front covers remained basically the same. It was the first album of Sharon Lois & Bram's to have a central theme throughout the entire album (aka Nursery Rhymes/Mother Goose).
 Black on Blonde (stylized as BLack on BLonde) is the fifth studio album by Canadian rapper k-os released April 23 2013 on Crown Loyalist and EMI Records. A double album BLack on BLonde is divided into two discs one consisting of hip hop songs (BLack) and one consisting of rock songs (BLonde).Guest musicians on the album include Emily Haines Black Thought Sebastien Grainger Travie McCoy Sam Roberts Jay Malinowski Saukrates Shad and Corey Hart.
 Join Hands is the second studio album by English post-punk band Siouxsie and the Banshees. It was released on 7 September 1979 by record label Polydor.
 Lullabies to Paralyze is the fourth studio album by Queens of the Stone Age released on March 21 2005. The album debuted at #5 on the Billboard 200 and sold 97000 copies in America during its first week of release eventually topping over 342000 copies as of March 2007 according to Nielsen Soundscan. The album has been certified gold in the UK where it has sold over 100000 units. It is also the band's first album to be released after Nick Oliveri was fired from the band.
 Playaz N the Game is the second album by JT the Bigga Figga released in 1993 for Get Low Recordz and was produced by JT himself. The album was not a commercial success when it first came out but today the album is considered as a classic. Playaz N the Game only managed to make it #91 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and the two singles released Peep Game and Game Recognize Game did not make it to the charts but the latter received frequent airplay on local hip-hop station Wild 107.7.
 The Universal Broadcast the first live CD and DVD from the Newcastle based English Christian Rock band YFriday. Released in March 2008 it features songs from most of the band's albums and one song not yet recorded in the studio (How Can We Dance?) and a bonus 'Behind The Scenes' DVD feature.Published on the 'Survivor Music' label the CD and DVD were recorded at the same concert. Over 1300 fans came to the Riverside Centre in Derby on 27 October 2007 where the recording was made.
 In My Life is an album by American singer and songwriter Judy Collins released in 1966. It peaked at No. 46 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts in 1967.Working with arranger Joshua Rifkin many of the songs on the album featured dramatic orchestral arrangements a departure from Collins' previous albums which had all been more straightforward folk music. The album included work by Leonard Cohen The Beatles Bob Dylan and Richard Farina.
 Here Again is an album by American singer Johnny Nash released in 1986. The album features a minor comeback hit with the late-1985 single Rock Me Baby reaching the Top-20 on the Swiss album charts. The follow-up single Baby You're Mine was less successful.With this album Nash had hoped for a successful comeback but it did not make a significant impact on the charts.
 Collecter's Edition Slipcase (also printed as Collector's Edition Slipcase) is a box set collection of three previous albums and an exclusive double live album from the progressive metal band Opeth.
 Second album by rock and roll singer-songwriter Graham Parker. A close follow-up to the debut album Howlin' Wind Heat Treatment was well received by critics and contains signature Parker songs like the rollicking title track Pourin' It All Out and Fool's Gold. That's What They All Say is a Dylan-esque putdown from a realist perspective while Turned Up Too Late was perhaps Parker's most emotionally mature composition to date.
 Double Trouble is the fifth album by the British rock band Gillan released in 1981. It was released as a double album the first disc containing studio material and the second containing live recordings. It reached #12 in the UK charts. In 1989 Virgin re-released the album with the same track listing in CD format. It is the first album to feature Janick Gers since Bernie Tormé left the group during the tour of Germany in 1981.
 Too Much Junkie Business is a compilation of studio demos and live recordings recorded in late 1982 by protopunk guitarist and singer Johnny Thunders. It is one of the original releases by Neil Cooper's then cassette-only label ROIR.
 Victim You is the first studio album recorded by 3 of the original founding members of the British heavy metal band Saxon Graham Oliver Steve Dawson and Pete Gill after their departure from Saxon. The album was recorded under Saxon's original UK club band name Son of a Bitch.The tracks were written by the band which also included guitarist Haydn Conway and Ted Bullet former front man of the German band Thunderhead.
 Cupcakes Taste Like Violence is the second extended play by American singer-songwriter Jeffree Star. It was released on December 9 2008 and was the first record to be released under Popsicle Records through Warner Music's Independent Label Group. The first single Lollipop Luxury was released on November 18 2008.
 Sweet Sixteen is the sixth album by Royal Trux. It is their only album not released as an LP.
 Words of Love is a compilation album by Buddy Holly & The Crickets. It was released by PolyGram in 1993 and reached number one on the UK Albums Chart where it was a posthumous number one. The album was certified gold in the UK.
 Stone's Been Rolled Away is the second album in the live praise and worship series of Christian Contemporary music by Hillsong Church.
 Visionair (stylised as VISIONAIR) is the debut album of Japanese hip-hop MC Verbal from the group M-Flo. It was released on March 16 2011 one and a half years after M-Flo's 10th anniversary greatest hits album MF10: 10th Anniversary Best. Due to the effects of the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami which occurred five days beforehand promotions for the album were cancelled including a music video for the song Black Out.
 Fire: The Jimi Hendrix Collection is a posthumous compilation album by American blues-rock musician Jimi Hendrix. Released on June 7 2010 the album features 20 songs from throughout the career of The Jimi Hendrix Experience and Hendrix as a solo musician including Valleys of Neptune only officially released on the album of the same name in March 2010.
 The Rough Guide To Acoustic Africa is a world music compilation album originally released in 2013 featuring acoustic music spanning Sub-Saharan Africa. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the album contains two discs: an overview of the genre on Disc One and a bonus Disc Two highlighting griot Noumoucounda Cissoko.
 Halo is the debut album of Azonic released on July 1 1994 through Strata Records.
 Straight in a Gay Gay World was the third studio album released by Australian '70s rock band Skyhooks. The album was released on 23 August 1976. With the exception of Million Dollar Riff it was recorded at The Record Plant in Sausalito California after the band's first tour of the United States earlier in the same year. The title and songs are a sort of view the band had on their experience in the States.
 ABCDEFG is the 14th and final studio album by Chumbawamba. It was officially released on March 1 2010 but copies ordered from the band's website arrived the week before.
 Metropolis Live is a live mini-album album by Serbian hard rock/heavy metal band Trigger released in 2008. The album was recorded in 2008 on the band's performance in TV Metropolis show Metropolis Live and features five songs from the band's debut studio album Ljubav. Metropolis Live was available for free digital download on the band's official website.
 We Will Be Dead Tomorrow is the second album by UK sludgecore band Raging Speedhorn.
 Honeycreeper is an album by Japanese pop band PUFFY that was released on September 26 2007 in Japan. The album is notable for being the first Puffy album where band Godfather Andy Sturmer is not credited for writing any of the songs.Hasan Jauze is a cover of a song by The Cro-Magnons which was released within two weeks' time of the original.Current pressings of the album now have the cover that is used as the first pressing's tray liner picture.
 Broken Toy Shop (1993) is singer/songwriter E's second album and his last as a solo artist before forming the band Eels. According to Everett's official website this album's cover is his least favorite of any of his releases. The album is currently out of print.The overall theme of E's second solo album pertains to love and love lost.
 Satrangi Peengh 2 is the studio album by Harbhajan Mann & Gursewak Mann released on 27 December 2012.
 To Lefty From Willie is a tribute album to Lefty Frizzell recorded in 1977 by country singer Willie Nelson. The album features some of the biggest hits by Frizell like I Never Go Around Mirrors (I've Got a Heartache to Hide) and That's the Way Love Goes.Rhapsody (online music service) praised the album calling it one of their favorite cover albums.
 Quentin Tarantino's Inglourious Basterds: Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to Quentin Tarantino's motion picture Inglourious Basterds. It was originally released on August 18 2009. The soundtrack uses a variety of music genres including spaghetti western soundtrack excerpts R&B and a David Bowie song from the 1982 remake of Cat People. This is the first soundtrack for a Quentin Tarantino film not to feature dialogue excerpts.
 I.V. is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Loma Prieta. The album was released on January 17 2012 through Deathwish Inc. I.V. was written during an intense and emotional period in the lives of the band members.
 Merry Christmas To You also known as Twelve Girls of Christmas is an album by Twelve Girls Band. It consists of twelve tracks in a sort of modernized Chinese form. It was released in 2005 and is also considered as a Christmas album in which they cover well-known Christmas Songs.
 Loose Walk is a 1972 album by Count Basie and Roy Eldridge.
 Perceptions is an album by the trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie recorded in 1962 and released on the Verve label. The orchestra is conducted by Gunther Schuller. Five of the six tracks are performances of compositions by J. J. Johnson.
 Merzbild Schwet is the third album by British cult band Nurse With Wound.Following disagreements amongst the founding NWW trio over To the Quiet Men from a Tiny Girl Steven Stapleton returned to the studio without Heman Pathak or John Fothergill to create something that more closely fulfilled his vision of what Nurse With Wound should be.
 Bent Osol (English: A Good Girl) is the twelfth studio album by Lebanese recording artist Diana Haddad. The album was released by Platinum Records Christmas 2011. Bent Osol marks her first album in various Arabic dialects since her 2006 self-titled album Diana 2006 (2006).
 The Essential Collection is a 20-song compilation of the music of Muddy Waters spanning work from 1950 through to 1972. The album released in 2000 by Universal Music Group's Spectrum Records complements much of his original work with many songs that went on to become classics of the British Invasion when used by other artists.
 Ale is the eighth studio album by Italian singer Alexia released in 2008. The album is the first release on the Edel label after Alexia left Sony Music in 2007 and was the first studio album Alexia had released since 2004's Gli Occhi Grandi Della Luna. The album was released in Italy on CD on 27 June 2008 and for digital download the next day.
 The Final Riot! is the second official live album by the American rock band Paramore and was released on November 25 2008 with a bonus DVD containing the full live concert plus behind-the-scenes footage.The DVD was filmed on August 12 2008 at the Congress Theater in Chicago on the The Final Riot! Summer Tour. It contains a documentary entitled 40 Days of Riot! showing the band on tour.
 Out of Our Idiot is a 1987 compilation album of then rare and unreleased recordings dating back to 1979 by Elvis Costello which was released in the UK on Demon Records. It was only available as an import in the US and other markets.
 Unite is the twenty-first studio album by the band Kool and the Gang released in 1992 following a four-year gap between albums. It marked the return of Khalis Bayyan to the group after his absence on Sweat.
 The Serpent Is Rising is the third album by Styx released in 1973. The album was reissued in 1980 with new artwork and a new title Serpent. The band considers this to be their worst recording. Dennis DeYoung has gone far as saying it was one of the worst recorded and produced in the history of music.[citation needed] The album peaked at #192 on the Billboard 200 their second-lowest charting album and as of 2007 has sold less than 100000 copies worldwide.
 Nobody's Coming to Save You is the second studio album by British indie band The Sunshine Underground the follow-up to their 2006 album Raise the Alarm and was released on 16 February 2010 through City Rockers/EMI. The album was recorded in September 2009 in Castleford.
 Elusive Truth is the second and final album by Spirit Caravan. It was released on CD and LP in 2001 by Tolotta Records. The opening track Spirit Caravan was previously recorded by Scott Weinrich's previous band The Obsessed. The Obsessed version can be found on the What the Hell! compilation on Hellhound Records and the compilation Obsessed album Incarnate.
 Scene It all is an album by the progressive bluegrass Maryland band The Seldom Scene. Ben Eldridge re-recruited Lou Reid this time on mandolin to replace John Duffey who died in 1996.
 Lano & Woodley Sing Songs is the live 2005 album by the Australian comedy duo Lano & Woodley.The album was recorded at a show the pair did in August 2005 at the HIFI Bar in Melbourne and features many visual jokes that the listener is unable to identify which was joked at several times during the performance.The Album won the 2006 Aria Award for Best Comedy Release.
 Have Heart Have Money is the debut album by American rap group The Mossie released August 26 1997 on Sick Wid It and Jive Records. It was produced by DJ Xtra Large K-Lou Levitti The Mossie Rick Rock Sean T Studio Ton and Tone Capone and executive produced by B-Legit and E-40. The album peaked at number 35 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers and at number 62 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Our Power is a compilation album released in 2006 on Zunior. It was released to promote Our Power a grassroots community initiative in Toronto to promote solar power.
 In an Expression of the Inexpressible is the fourth studio album by Blonde Redhead released in 1998.
 The Final Chapter is the third and final studio album by Ruff Endz.
 Po tebe (in Macedonian Cyrillic: По тебе ) is the fifth studio album by the Macedonian singer Toše Proeski. The album was released in Macedonia and subsequently in Serbia Montenegro Bosnia and Herzegovina Croatia and Slovenia under the Serbian title Pratim Te.
 Gomorra is an EP written and recorded by German electro-industrial musician :Wumpscut:.
 Duals is a compilation album released by the Irish rock band U2 in April 2011 only available to u2.com subscribers.
 Some Days Are Diamonds is the 15th album by American singer-songwriter John Denver released in June 1981. The singles released from this album are Some Days Are Diamonds (Some Days Are Stone)/Country Love and The Cowboy and the Lady.
 Stratosfear is an electronic music album released in 1976 by the German group Tangerine Dream. It marks the beginning of the band's development away from their uncompromising early 1970s synthesizer experiments toward a recognizably more melodic sound a trend they would pick up again in 1979's Force Majeure.
 Spirit of Eden is the fourth album by the English band Talk Talk released in 1988. Critical reception on release was mixed and it was not a commercial success; still its reputation has improved over the years and it is now seen by some critics as influential to post-rock a music genre that developed in Britain and North America in the 1990s.
 Spiral is the fifteenth album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in late 1974 and early 1975 and released on the Freedom label. The album features six of Hill's original compositions and one interpretation of a jazz standard performed by a quartet and quintet. The cover incorrectly identifies the album as being recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival when it actually contains studio recordings.
 Wrath of the Norsemen is a live DVD released by the melodic death metal band Amon Amarth. It features live footage of the band playing their music. It also contains interviews and behind the scenes footage. The DVD was certified Gold by the RIAA.
 Escape from Monsta Island! is the first full-length album released by the Monsta Island Czars notably featuring MF Doom under his King Geedorah alias. Although the Monsta Island Czars was founded by MF Grimm he is absent on the entire album due to his incarceration at the time of its production and release.
 Westgate is the fifth solo album by Mark Seymour released in 2007. The album was described as centred on everyday heroes with the title track recounting the tale of a real-life worker who was on duty when Melbourne's West Gate Bridge collapsed on October 15 1970 killing 35 construction workers. Year of the Dog initially written as a football song for the Western Bulldogs football team became the saga of a friend with a drink problem.
 Dignity is the fourth studio album by American recording artist Hilary Duff released on March 26 2007 by Hollywood Records. After launching her third record Hilary Duff (2004) she experienced an eventful personal life including a stalking incident her parents' separation and breaking up with her boyfriend.
 Exclusive iTunes EP 2 is a digital EP by Aqualung exclusive to the iTunes music store that contains two b-sides available on CD singles. When I Finally Get My Own Place from the Brighter Than Sunshine CD2 and There's A Place from the Easier To Lie CD2. Take Me Home is originally from Aqualung's second album Still Life which is not available in the United States. This is a sequel to Exclusive iTunes EP.
 Audio Video Disco is the second studio album by French electronic music duo Justice.
 Who's That Girl: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a soundtrack album by American singer-songwriter Madonna from the film of the same name and was released on July 21 1987 by Sire Records. It also contains songs by her label mates Scritti Politti Duncan Faure Club Nouveau Coati Mundi and Michael Davidson. The soundtrack is credited as a Madonna album despite her only performing four of the nine tracks on the album.
 The Big Bubble is an album by The Residents. It was released in 1985 and fleshed out the backstory of the band's Mole Trilogy which had been introduced in Mark of the Mole (1981) and The Tunes of Two Cities (1982). The official third part of the Mole Trilogy was never actually released and neither were the projected fifth and sixth parts.
 Honey Births A Salt Troupe is the second EP by the Argentine band Turpentine (band).It was released on January 2006.This EP was made available online as well as commercially just like their first Our Ways Back To Chaos.
 I Predict 1990 is the title of the fourth release and third full-length album by singer-songwriter Steve Taylor. Lyrically the album explores actions that exploit others to various ends from multiple perspectives. CCM magazine found that the overall theme is that the ends never justify the means. It was released as a one-off on Myrrh Records instead of Sparrow.
 Aikea-Guinea is a March 1985 7-inch single and EP by the Scottish rock group Cocteau Twins released on 4AD. The 7-inch format features two non-album tracks the EP also features a further two. Aikea-Guinea was included as a bonus with some Canadian pressings of Treasure. The title track also appears on the compilation disc The Pink Opaque (1985) and a remastered version appears on Stars and Topsoil (2000).
 Timomatic is the second self-titled studio album by Australian recording artist Timomatic. It was released in Australia on August 24 2012. The album has peaked to number 3 in Australia. The album includes the singles Set It Off If Looks Could Kill Can You Feel It and Incredible.
 Chorus of Interludes is a compilation album by New Zealand composer Peter Jefferies released on June 24 1996 through Ajax Records.
 Flick of the Switch is the ninth Australian and eighth international studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC recorded shortly after their European Tour at the beginning of 1983. The album was originally released in the US on 15 August 1983.
 Live at Wembley is a live album by American R&B singer Beyoncé released on April 26 2004. The DVD features her concert at Wembley Stadium in London United Kingdom as part of her Dangerously in Love Tour in support of her first solo studio album Dangerously in Love (2003). Most of the songs on Live at Wembley originate from Dangerously in Love although Beyoncé also performed a medley of past songs by her former group Destiny's Child.
 The Battle of Los Angeles is the third studio album by American rap metal band Rage Against the Machine. It was released on November 2 1999 over three years after their second studio album Evil Empire. Between Evil Empire and Los Angeles the band released a live album titled Live & Rare. This album is Rage Against the Machine's most recent album consisting of original material. The Battle of Los Angeles was nominated for the 2001 Grammy Award for Best Rock Album.
 The Greater Wrong of the Right is the ninth studio album by Skinny Puppy. It was their first new full-length LP since 1996's The Process. It was also their first album since 1985's Bites without the support of deceased keyboardist Dwayne Goettel. This is the first Skinny Puppy album not produced by Dave Ogilvie who at the time of its recording was concentrating on his own band Jakalope.The percussion sample of Pro-Test was taken from a live performance by Gary Numan.
 The Best Party Ever is the debut album by British twee pop band The Boy Least Likely To. Released on their own label Too Young to Die the album was released in February 2005 in the United Kingdom and in the United States in April 2006.
 Life Is Good is the first country music album by American Tejano music artist Emilio. It was released by Capitol Nashville on September 26 1995. Its first single It's Not the End of the World reached the Top 30 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The album peaked at #13 on the Top Country Albums chart and #82 on the Billboard 200.
 Worshippers of the Seventh Tyranny is the seventh full-length album by Singaporean extreme metal band Impiety released in 2011 through Agonia Records. It features Fabio Zperandio of Ophiolatry as guest on all lead guitars. It is the first Impiety album to consist of a single 38 - minute - long track.
 Pressure Point is the second major-label album by the band Freestylers released commercially in 2001.The album contains singles such as Get Down Massive Told You So and Weekend Song.
 Grace and the Bigger Picture is the second album by British band Johnny Foreigner and was released on Best Before Records on 26 October 2009. It was recorded in Futureshock Studios in Brooklyn and produced by Alex Newport (assisted by Chris Tabron and Brenden Beu) in early 2009.
 Movements is the second studio album by Berlin-based electronic band Booka Shade released on 16 May 2006 on Get Physical Music.
 20th Century Masters – The Millennium Collection: The Best of the Waitresses was a compilation album from The Waitresses. Released in 2003 it consists of the same tracks from a previous compilation The Best of the Waitresses released by Polydor in 1990.
 Out of the Ashes is the third album from the anarcho street punk band Defiance and first release on the New York-based record label Punk Core Records.
 Deadlands is an album by Madder Mortem released on Century Media Europe October 21 2002. Released in the US on The End Records February 11 2003.It was the final CD to be released by them on Century Media Records. The band have since signed to Peaceville records.
 Frei is the fifth studio album by German recording artist LaFee. It was released on August 19 2011 by Capitol Records as a follow up to her successful Ring Frei (2009) and greatest hits album Best Of – LaFee (2009).
 Novella was a 1977 album by progressive rock band Renaissance.
 Troublemaker is the debut album from former Small Faces and Faces keyboardist Ian McLagan released in 1979 on Mercury Records.
 Piano Works is the third album of Craig Armstrong containing solo piano pieces from different soundtracks played by himself.
 Son of Cheep Thrills is a compilation album by Frank Zappa with material from previously released albums. Original recordings produced by FZ. Compiled by the original Joe Black. Intramural sports by David Greenberg. Sampler mastered by Toby Mountain. Pre-taping audience warm-up by David Baker. 'Artwerks' by Cal Schenkel.See also: Cheap Thrills.
 Catch as Catch Can is the third studio album by Kim Wilde released in autumn 1983.Having toured the UK and Europe in November and December 1982 there was a silence of six months. Kim Wilde returned with the single Love Blonde a jazz/swing-inspired track that lyrically mocked the blonde bombshell image that some media had dealt Kim in the previous years. But the sound was unique to the single; the rest of the album continued the electronic theme that was introduced on Select.
 The Icicle Works is the eponymous debut album by The Icicle Works. The album was released in 1984 and charted at number 24 in the UK and number 40 in the USThe original 1984 issue features different track listings and cover artwork in the UK in the USA and in Canada. In 2006 Beggars Banquet Records issued both a 2-CD and a limited edition 3-CD expanded edition of The Icicle Works. Disc 1 consists of the original album in its entirety in the UK configuration.
 Story of the Year is an EP released by the band Story of the Year when they were known as Big Blue Monkey. It was released in May 2002 on Criterion Records after most indie labels passed on them including Drive Thru Records. This EP has been out of print since its first pressing of 3000 CDs in 2002.
 Fat Man and the Hard Blues is an album by jazz saxophonist Julius Hemphill recorded in 1991 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 Guns Babes Lemonade is the critically acclaimed debut album by Australian electronica musician Muscles. It was released in Australia on 29 September 2007 23 October 2007 in the U.S. and 28 April 2008 in the UK and Europe.
 So Amazing: An All-Star Tribute to Luther Vandross is a tribute album to the late soul legend Luther Vandross consisting of cover versions of past songs by Vandross and other artists recorded by several R&B and/or soul singers in addition to rapper Wyclef Jean and pop singers Elton John and Celine Dion. The album debuted at number four on the U.S. Billboard 200 and number one on the U.S. Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums selling 104000 copies in its opening week.
 Forward March! is the debut mini-album by Portsmouth-based British band The Strange Death of Liberal England. It was released by Fantastic Plastic in 2007.
 Verräter is a compilation of demos spanning the early days of the American Black Metal band Leviathan. It features two discs of material from previously self-recorded and self-released material by Wrest (Jef Whitehead). After its initial release in 2002 it was re-issued by Tumult Records in 2006 and again in July 2007.
 We've Never Heard Of You Either is the first major label album release from Evan and Jaron. It was released on Island Records on April 21 1998.
 Strangers Almanac is the second studio album by American alternative country band Whiskeytown released on July 29 1997 on Geffen and Outpost Records. The album was reissued as a deluxe edition with bonus tracks and an additional disc of previously unreleased material on March 4 2008.
 Love Is...The Tender Trap is a 1999 studio album by Stacey Kent.Kent's second studio album it was produced by and features her husband tenor saxophonist Jim Tomlinson. In an interview with Billboard magazine to promote the album Kent said that Even when I'm singing of unrequited love it may not reflect my life but the quality of the song allows me to deliver it truthfully.
 Profit In Your Poetry is the debut studio album by Butcher Boy. It was released on 5 March 2007 on HDIF Records.
 Let It Roll is the 7th full album by alt-country band Willard Grant Conspiracy.
 Bing Bang Boom is a 1991 album by the American country music band Highway 101. It was the band's first release following the departure of original lead singer Paulette Carlson with Nikki Nelson on lead vocals. The album's title track was its first single reaching #14 on the Hot Country Singles & Tracks charts. After it came The Blame at #31 Baby I'm Missing You at #22 and Honky Tonk Baby at #54.
 The Best of Loggins & Messina is a compilation album by singer/songwriter duo Loggins and Messina released in late 1980. This album was released by their new label Embassy Records (see 1980 in music).It consists of 14 of their later recordings and a few of their early hits. However it omits some of their highest charting songs.
 Better Days released on December 9 2003 is the second EP by the New Jersey heavy metal quintet God Forbid.
 Eilikrina (Greek: Ειλικρινά; English: Sincerely) is the fifth studio album by popular Greek artist Elli Kokkinou. It was released on October 22 2007 by Sony BMG Greece. It is her first album released after return to Sony BMG from Heaven Music and Phoebus. The album peaked at number 11 on the Greek IFPI charts and her lead single Lypamai Eilikrina peaked at number 2 on the Nielsen's Greece Radio Airplay chart.
 Lemonjelly.ky is the debut album release by downtempo/trip-hop act Lemon Jelly. Released on 23 October 2000 it is a compilation release as all nine tracks from this album originated on the duo's first three limited edition EPs: The Bath The Yellow and The Midnight although minor changes were made for the album release.
 This article is about the album by Tiësto. For its title track see Just Be (song).
 The Dungeonmaster's Guide is a drum and bass compilation album mixed by Dieselboy. The first disc is mixed and the second disc is unmixed. The CD art was designed by graphic artist Akira Takahashi (who also created the CD art for The 6ixth Session and Substance D). It was released on May 18 2004.
 Fallin' in Love was the third studio album of the band Hamilton Joe Frank & Reynolds and their first for Playboy Records where they signed to a year before (additionally it took them a year to secure another record deal after they were dropped from Dunhill Records). The band's vocalist and guitarist Dan Hamilton wrote the majority of the material for this album (some of which he co-wrote with his wife Ann).
 Thelonious Monk Trio is an album by American jazz pianist and composer Thelonious Monk. It was originally released in 1954 as Monk's first proper studio album and has been re-released numerous times occasionally under the title Monk's Moods and with different track orders.The album features his earliest recordings for the Prestige label performed with Gerry Mapp and Art Blakey or Max Roach and one track with Percy Heath replacing Mapp.
 Massive Noise Injection is a live album by the band Wolfsbane recorded at The Marquee London on 20 February 1993.
 Winter Sessions is an album released by Symphonic Rock vocalist Lana Lane released in 2003. The album consists of some new material from Lane as well as a few cover songs. All the songs on the album feature a winter theme.
 Alchemija (Alchemy) is an album by G&G Sindikatas released in 2004.
 Scattered Practices is Ezekiel Honig's fourth album released October 2006 by Microcosm Music.
 Louder Than Hell is a Sam Kinison comedy album released in 1986.
 Loudness is the tenth studio album by Japanese band Loudness. It was released in 1992 only in Japan after the band had terminated the recording contracts with US labels. Original bass player Masayoshi Yamashita was replaced with Taiji Sawada and the American vocalist Mike Vescera with former Ezo singer Masaki Yamada.The sound of this album is much more aggressive and the rhythms much faster than the preceding offerings from the band.
 Cartesian Dreams is the seventh studio album by House of Lords released on September 18 2009 in Europe and October 13 2009 in the US.The album features the same line-up as the previous albums World Upside Down and Come to My Kingdom except new bassist Matt McKenna and was produced by singer James Christian and Jeff Kent with Tommy Denander as co producer on a couple of songs he co wrote.
 Collection also called Lena Philipsson Collection 1984–2001 is a 2001 compilation album by Swedish pop singer Lena Philipsson. It peaked at #13 at the Swedish album chart.
 Jamahiriya Democratique et Populaire de Sauvage is the third studio album by the American post-punk band Savage Republic released in 1988 on Fundamental Records. It was reissued on Mobilization Records with bonus instrumental tracks in 2002.
 Speck of Gold is an album by Afterlife released on 1 June 2004 (see 2004 in music).The album was re-released in Australia on December 2008 with a revised tracklisting now featuring both versions of Dannii's Take Me Inside on the same disc.
 True is the third studio album by British band Spandau Ballet. It was released in March 1983 on Chrysalis Records. While Spandau Ballet's first two albums earned them European popularity True made them worldwide stars and was heavily influenced by jazz soul and R&B. It reached number 1 on the UK charts the Top 20 in the United States[citation needed] and charted in numerous countries around the world.
 Club Chipmunk: The Dance Mixes is a music album by Alvin and the Chipmunks and was released by Sony Wonder. The album was released on October 6 1996 and contains cover versions of popular pop/dance songs oldies and a Spanish version of Macarena. The album peaked at #8 on Billboard's Top Kid Audio.
 Jazz is an album by Jazz artist Wallace Roney released in 2007
 Renovating→Diverse City is the fourth album released by Christian recording artist tobyMac. All the tracks are remixes of songs from tobyMac's previous CD Welcome to Diverse City with the exception of two original songs. Some remixes include new or revised pieces of the original song (ILL-M-I's original chorus doesn't appear until the final chorus for instance).
 Modern Man is the fifth album by jazz fusion bassist Stanley Clarke. Dayride from the Return to Forever album No Mystery (1975) was re-recorded for this album. Also included was More Hot Fun a sequel to Hot Fun from the previous album School Days.
 Few Against Many is the seventh studio album by Greek heavy metal band Firewind. It is the first album to feature ex-Nightrage Meridian Dawn drummer Johan Nunez. It was released on May 21 2012 in Europe and May 22 in North America. This would be Firewind's last album with Apollo Papathanasio as their Vocalist before he decided to quit on January 15 2013.
 Validated is a Keith Martin's album released on 23 March 2004 by Orchard. The song Whateva U Need was released as a single.
 Pine/Cross Dover is the sixth studio album of the American rock band Masters of Reality released in 2009. The album consists of two halves; tracks 1-5 make up Pine and tracks 6-11 make up Cross Dover.
 Hope in Forgotten Places is the fourth solo ep by jazz pianist Mike Garson and was released in 2007 via his Myspace site.
 Hold It Down is the third album by Brooklyn-based Rap duo Das EFX released on September 26 1995 via East West Records. It contains production from acclaimed producers such as DJ Premier Pete Rock and Easy Mo Bee. The track Represent The Real Hip Hop featuring KRS-One is the same version which appears on KRS-One's 1995 album KRS-One
 Radio Paşcani is the first album released by Romanian twelve-piece Roma brass band Fanfare Ciocărlia. The album was recorded 1997 at Studio Electrocord in Bucharest Romania and mixed at Schalloran Tonstudio in Berlin Germany. Producers are Henry Ernst and Helmut Neumann. The album was released 1998 by Piranha Musik.
 The Day Is Brave is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Brendan James. It was released on June 3 2008. The album is an extension of his previous four-song EP The Ballroom Break In which released in 2007.The Album has received rave reviews from the media and had some of its songs featured on various television shows.
 Cradle Song is an album by cellist Julian Lloyd Webber. In the U.S. the album was released under the title Lullaby.
 Pat Benatar Ultimate Collection is a compilation album by rock singer Pat Benatar released in 2008. The 2-CD and digital collection features 40 classic and signature songs including 20 top 40 chart hits. Some of the songs include Heartbreaker Love Is a Battlefield Hit Me with Your Best Shot Fire and Ice Invincible and We Belong.Benatar toured more than 40 cities across North America in 2008 performing her top hits and fan favorites.
 Caramelman and Asian Kung-Fu Generation is an early EP by Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation released during their indie days. The mini-album was a joint-work with and composed almost entirely in English lyrics. The fourth track Aono Uta was later re-recorded and included within the band's major-label debut EP Hōkai Amplifier.
 P.T.B. is the second and latest studio album from the group Kingspade. P.T.B. stands for P-Town Ballers and debuted at #7 on the Billboard Top Independent charts.
 In Due Time is the 2004 debut studio album by Submersed a hard rock band from Stephenville Texas. The album was originally titled All Things Becoming of the End. The album was recorded and mixed but eventually scrapped and renamed as the band began writing new material that they felt was far better. The song Divide the Hate was featured on the video game NASCAR 2005: Chase for the Cup.
 HeXaeon is the sixth studio album by Norwegian death metal band Aeternus.Even though drummer S. Winter is mentioned officially at the credits of the album all drums were recorded by Erik Vrolok a bit before he left the band.
 No Policy is the only studio release by the American hardcore punk band State of Alert the first band to be fronted by Henry Rollins. It was released on 7-inch vinyl in March 1981 through Dischord Records (No. 2). Since Dischord was tied up in releasing Minor Threat's debut extended play the production of No Policy was entirely funded by Rollins.
 Rain Hail or Shine an album by The Battlefield Band was released in 1998 on the Temple Records label. The total running time is 45:38.
 Soft Universe is the fourth LP release of electronic act Pnau. It is their highest charting release to date and featured a new rock-anthem sound unlike the duo's straightforward electronic dance sound for which they were previously known.
 Armored Saint (EP) is the first studio effort by American heavy metal band Armored Saint. It was released in 1983 on Metal Blade Records. Chrysalis Records signed the band in 1984 after listening to the EP. Opening track Lesson Well Learned was previously featured on Metal Blade's compilation Metal Massacre II in 1982.
 The Land of Rape and Honey is the third studio album by industrial metal band Ministry released in 1988 on Sire Records. This album is the band's first attempt at industrial metal as opposed to their previous albums which were more electronically influenced.The album title comes from the slogan of Tisdale Saskatchewan whose motto is The Land of Rape and Honey the local economy being based on the agricultural products rapeseed and honey.
 Smile is the debut solo album by Wet Wet Wet frontman Marti Pellow. It was released on 4 June 2001. The album's offspring singles were Close to You and I've Been Around the World.On 2002's Marti Pellow Sings the Hits of Wet Wet Wet & Smile - an 18-track compilation of mostly Wets hits - three songs from Smile were included namely Close to You Hard to Cry and I've Been Around the World.
 Just Say Jesus was the second studio album from Christian alternative metal/post-grunge/punk/rock band 7eventh Time Down and the album was released on September 3 2013 by BEC Recordings. This album has seen commercial charting successes as well as it has garnered positive critical attention from music critics.
 Golden Delicious is Mike Doughty's second studio album. The album was released on February 19 2008.
 Bangin' on Wax is the first album by Bloods & Crips. The album was released in 1993 for Dangerous Records. Bangin' on Wax was a success making it to #86 on the Billboard 200. Four singles were released Bangin' on Wax Piru Love Crip Crip Crip and Steady Dippin'. The album has sold over 500000 copies reaching Gold status. Music videos were made for Bangin' on Wax Piru Love and Steady Dippin'.
 The Shakin' Pyramids is a compilation album from the Scottish Neo-Rockabilly group The Shakin' Pyramids released shortly after the group's disbandment in 1983 by Rock 'n Roll Records a Scotti Brothers Records subsidiary. The album features ten tracks: five from their 1981 debut album Skin 'Em Up and five from their second and final album Celts and Cobras released in 1982. Although normally billed as a trio live and session bassist Dave Rivett joins the band on the album cover.
 Nightfall of Diamonds is a double live album by the Grateful Dead released in 2001. It was recorded on October 16 1989 at Meadowlands Arena in East Rutherford.
 Anticipation is the second studio album by pianist Josh Nelson. It was released in 2004.
 The music of the video game Final Fantasy VI was composed by regular series composer Nobuo Uematsu. The Final Fantasy VI Original Sound Version a compilation of all the music in the game was released in Japan by NTT Publishing in 1994 and re-released by Square Enix in 2004. The album was released by Square Co./NTT Publishing in North America in 1994 under the name Kefka's Domain.
 Weird Era Cont. is the fourth album by Deerhunter released concurrently with Microcastle. After Microcastle had leaked months in advance of its planned release date the band recorded a new album in an attempt to reward those who awaited its street release date although like Microcastle it also leaked in advance. Weird Era Cont.
 Holiday is the first Christmas album by Jennifer Paige released digitally in 2012 and later limited physical copies on her official website.
 Let There Be Love is a jazz studio album by the regular trio of John Pizzarelli composed of him his brother Martin Pizzarelli on double-bass and pianist Ray Kennedy.
 You Lift Me Up To Heaven is a compilation album from Reba McEntire released in 1992 along with Forever In Your Eyes featuring the 70s and early 80s hits You Lift Me Up to Heaven Glad I Waited Just for You and You're the First Time I've Thought About Leaving. This album is currently out of print.
 Your Piece Of The Rock is the debut album by the Los Angeles California-based R&B group Dynasty (band). Released in 1979.
 Fobia on Ice was a live album released by Fobia a Mexican rock band on December 16 1997. After Fobia's first live album band members Leonardo de Lozanne Paco Huidobro Cha! and Iñaki would part ways without formally breaking up until recording together again in 2004.
 Show No Mercy is the debut album by American thrash metal band Slayer released in December 1983 through Metal Blade Records. Brian Slagel signed the band to Metal Blade after watching the band perform the song Phantom of the Opera by Iron Maiden.
 Vorona (Russian: ворона; lit. Crow) is the third album by the Russian singer Linda released in 1996.
 Amazed is a Christian worship music album by Lincoln Brewster released in August 2002 by Vertical Music.
 Subtítulo is the sixth album by indie folk musician Josh Rouse. Released in 2006 it was his first album for Nettwerk Records.
 This Station Is Non-Operational is a compilation album by the El Paso Texas-based post-hardcore band At the Drive-In released May 24 2005 by Fearless Records four years after the band went on indefinite hiatus.
 A S.W.A.T. Healin’ Ritual is the debut album by Witchdoctor. it was released in 1997.
 Long Beach 2 Fillmoe is the first collaboration album by Daz Dillinger & JT the Bigga Figga. The album was released on January 16 2001 through Gangsta Advisory Records DPG Recordz and Black Market Records and was produced by Sean T Daz and JT the Bigga Figga. The album was a minor success making it to #70 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #30 on Independent Albums however no charting singles were released from the album.
 Woman Gone And Say Goodbye was the second ep released by Liverpool band The Stairs the first being Weed Bus. The EP was issued in several formats: CD ep; 7 vinyl single with picture sleeve; 12 vinyl 45rpm single with picture sleeve; 12 45rpm vinyl DJ promo single with a plain black sleeve. Both 12 vinyl single formats have What do you mean you don't smoke? inscribed in the matrix on Side A.
 I Am for You is the debut EP of Waking Ashland. It was self-released by the band on May 18 2004 only a few months after the group's formation.
 Sex Objects is the third full-length studio album by The Briefs released in 2004 on CD and yellow and black vinyl. It was released in France with an additional unnamed track and on yellow wax records.
 Sky Full of Holes is the fifth studio album by Fountains of Wayne. It was released on July 20 2011 in Japan on August 1 2011 in Europe and on August 2 2011 in North America. It debuted at number 37 on the US Billboard 200 giving Fountains of Wayne their first Top 40 album on that chart and debuted at number 16 on the UK independent chart.
 A Song about a Girls is a studio album by the Belgian indie rock band Zita Swoon. It was released in the fall of 2004. The album reached #4 in the Flemish Ultratop chart.
 Arc is the second studio album by British indie pop band Everything Everything. It was released in the United Kingdom on 14 January 2013 having been preceded by the singles Cough Cough and Kemosabe.
 The Tourist is a 1998 album by Mark Mallman.
 Comin' From All Ends is a studio album by the R&B band the New Birth released in 1974 RCA Records produced by Harvey Fuqua.
 Yellowstone: The Music of Nature is an album by Mannheim Steamroller released in 1989. The concept pays homage to nature and to Yellowstone National Park.The album is a compilation of older tracks from Chip Davis' Fresh Aire series and six new tracks consisting of fully orchestrated pieces from notable classical composers such as Claude Debussy Antonio Vivaldi Ottorino Respighi and Ferde Grofé.
 DFA Holiday Mix 2005 is a compilation of tracks and remixes by various artists on the dance-punk label The DFA. It was released on October 31 2005 in the UK and October 25 2005 in the US. In the UK it was sold cheaply and was widely available across many record stores. However in the US it was only made available in limited quantities from the DFA Records webstore.
 The Pointer Sisters is the self-titled debut by the Pointer Sisters released in 1973 on the Blue Thumb label.
 Emotions is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released on September 17 1991 by Columbia Records. The album deviated from the formula of Carey's 1990 self-titled debut album as she had more creative control over the material she produced and recorded. Additionally Emotions features influences from a range of genres such as gospel R&B soul pop and 1950s 60s and 70s balladry infusion.
 WHen Her Eyes Turn Blue was released by Kristofer Åström in 2009 on Startracks. The title track is taken from his album Sinkadus and the track 'Hard To Live' is a remake of a track from the same album. The last track 'No Government' is a cover of a song by the punk band T.S.T from Västerås Sweden.
 Ain't She Sweet was an American album featuring four tracks recorded in Hamburg in 1961 by The Beatles featuring Tony Sheridan (except for the title song with vocal by John Lennon) and cover versions of Beatles and British Invasion-era songs recorded by the Swallows. As Atlantic Records only had rights to four Sheridan/Beatle recordings recorded by Polydor Records they filled the rest of the album with Beatle and British Invasion cover songs.
 The Brains is the debut album by The Brains. It was released in 1980 and contains the original recording of Money Changes Everything which when released three years later became a substantial hit single for pop singer Cyndi Lauper.
 The It Girl is the second studio album by English Britpop band Sleeper first released in May 1996 (see 1996 in music). It was their most successful album selling over 300000 copies in England alone.
 The Essential Ozzy Osbourne is a compilation album by Ozzy Osbourne released in 2003. It reached #81 on US charts and #21 in the UK[citation needed]. Tracks featured here from the first two albums are the re-recorded versions from recent reissues (see Blizzard of Ozz and Diary of a Madman) as well as the remixed Bark at the Moon tracks.[citation needed] The album was certified Gold by the RIAA on February 5 2005 with an excess of 500000 copies sold.
 Couple in Spirit is an album by the English jazz pianist Keith Tippett and singer Julie Tippetts. It was released on the EG record label in 1987.
 Unreal World is the fourth studio album by alternative rock band The Godfathers. It was released by Epic Records in 1991.
 Demolition is the third studio album by alt-country singer-songwriter Ryan Adams released on September 24 2002 on Lost Highway. The album comprises tracks from Adams' unreleased studio albums The Suicide Handbook The Pinkheart Sessions and 48 Hours. In 2009 Adams stated: I don’t much care for this record.
 The Electric Sun Years Vol I & II is a DVD by Uli Jon Roth. It was released in 2002 and features archive footage of the early years of his band Electric Sun.
 Like It Like That is the fifth album by Australian singer Guy Sebastian. The album was produced by David Ryan Harris and Fredrik Odesjo and was released in Australia on 23 October 2009 and in the US on 29 June 2010. The album contains a duet with Jordin Sparks and also three tracks with John Mayer on guitar and backing vocals. It peaked at number six on the ARIA Albums Chart and gained platinum certification.
 Aufheben is the thirteenth studio album by The Brian Jonestown Massacre. It was released in May 2012 on band leader Anton Newcombe's A Records label. The album was available for free streaming prior to its release and was recorded in Berlin at Anton Newcombe's studio and the East German Radio Station Studio East. The title of the album comes from a German word. It has several meanings such as to lift up to abolish or to preserve.
 Angel's Egg is an album by Gong recorded and originally released on Virgin Records in 1973.It was recorded using the Manor Mobile at Pavillon du Hay France and mixed at The Manor Oxfordshire England. The album was produced by Gong under the direction of Giorgio Gomelsky.Angel's Egg is the second in Gong's Radio Gnome Invisible trilogy of albums following Flying Teapot and preceding You. The trilogy forms a central part of the Gong mythology.
 Cold Chisel was the self-titled debut album of Australian pub rock band Cold Chisel. Released in April 1978 it spent 23 weeks in the Australian charts peaking at number 38.
 Live Forever is the first live album that the Australian band The Screaming Jets have released.
 La Más Completa Coleccion is a compilation album released by Jenni Rivera on December 18 2012.
 Strange Angels is Kristin Hersh's second studio album produced by Kristin Hersh and co-produced by Joe Henry (except for Like You which was co-produced by Steve Rizzo).
 Closer to Home is Grand Funk Railroad's third studio album and was released in July 1970 by Capitol Records. It was produced by Terry Knight. This album reached RIAA gold record status in 1970 making it the group's third gold record in one year. The songs Sin's a Good Man's Brother and Aimless Lady were later covered by South African group Suck.
 Workin' Overtime is an out of print 1989 album by American singer Diana Ross released on the Motown label. It was Ross' first Motown album since 1980's diana after Ross left the label for a then record breaking $20 million deal with RCA. Upon Diana's return to the label Motown founder Berry Gordy Jr. had sold the label to MCA Records and had positioned Jheryl Busby to the head of Motown.
 Out of the Bleu is the third studio recording by American fusion band Cootie Brown (band) released in 2007 on Breeze Records.
 Twenty First Century Skin is the fourth studio album by Praga Khan. It was released in 1999.
 Meme (ミーム miimu) is Rurutia's fourth and last original album under Toshiba-EMI and was released April 13 2005.
 For Olim is a live album by Cecil Taylor recorded in Berlin Germany on April 9 1986 and released on the Soul Note label. The album features a solo concert performance by Taylor.
 Love Letter is the pop album from Pakistani singer song writer actor director model musician compare Sajjad Ali. The album was released by EMI-Pakistan in 1990.
 Ready an' Willing was the third studio album by English hard rock band Whitesnake released in 1980. It peaked at #6 on the UK Albums Chart it was also the band's first to chart outside of the UK reaching #32 in Norway and #90 in the US. The album featured two of the band's UK single-hits from that year: Fool for Your Loving had reached #13 in the charts in April 1980 and the title-track Ready an' Willing (Sweet Satisfaction) made #43 in July of the same year.
 Roller Trio is the eponymous debut studio album by Leeds Jazz-Rock ensemble Roller Trio. The album released on August 2012 through British F-IRE Collective record label was a nominee for the 2012 Mercury Prize.
 Radiance of Shadows is the eighth full-length by Canadian drone doom band Nadja released on October 8 2007 by Alien8 Recordings.
 Pura Vida is the eighth album by the Spanish alternative metal band Hamlet.The album is the last album with guitarist Pedro Sánchez.
 The Monkee's Uncle is an album by Altamont which was released in 2005 through AntAcidAudio.
 Costello & Nieve is a limited edition five-disc 1996 live album by Elvis Costello and Steve Nieve recorded in Los Angeles San Francisco Chicago Boston and New York City which was released in the US only.
 Let's Share Christmas is a holiday studio album by jazz guitarist John Pizzarelli accompanied by his ordinary trio of Martin Pizzarelli and Ray Kennedy. Also accompanying the trio on a number of tracks are various orchestras.
 Hang Em High is a 7 EP by American deathgrind band Misery Index. It was released on February 8 2007 to coincide with their 2007 European tour. 1000 were to be made originally but this was later reduced to 800 due to a problem at the pressing plant.Alongside the new tracks it features an acoustic version of the song Discordia from the album Discordia.
 Continue the Revolution (Traditional Chinese: 繼續革命; Simplified Chinese: 继续革命; pinyin: jì xù gé mìng; IPA: [tɕîɕŷ kɤ̌mîŋ]) is a 1992 album by the Hong Kong rock band Beyond.
 Moving On is an album by the American vocalist pianist and songwriter Oleta Adams and was released in 1995.
 Los Gabriel: Cantan a México (English The Gabriel: Sing to Mexico) is a compilation album by Mexican singers Ana Gabriel and Juan Gabriel. After the success of the romantic album Los Gabriel… Simplemente Amigos edited in 2007 Sony BMG Latin presents one more collection of their hits in the regional Mexican genre.
 Killing Joke is the debut studio album by English band Killing Joke. It was released in August 1980 worldwide through E.G. Records.
 Milkman is an album by folk singer-songwriter Phranc released in 1998.After an absence from recording for a few years Phranc returned with a comeback set of highly personal songs. Gary is a song about Phranc's brother who was murdered in 1991. Ozzie and Harriet tells of a one-on-one faltering relationship Tzena Tzena is sung in Yiddish.
 A Richer Vein is the debut album by Cornish folk band Dalla. It was released shortly after the demise of Sowena and affirmed Dalla as more than a watered down version of their previous achievements.The record can be noted for its expanse of original material as opposed to the mostly traditional songs Sowena played and the reintroduction of the Cornish language into folk music.
 Eat My Heart Out is the debut album by pop punk band The Dollyrots. It was released on 28 September 2004 on Lookout Records.
 Rangeh'n – Das Beste von Nina Hagen is a compilation album by Nina Hagen released in 2004.
 Jours étranges is a Damien Saez album released on October 25 1999.
 The Hurting is the debut album by the British new wave band Tears for Fears. It was released on 7 March 1983 and peaked at no. 1 on the UK Album Chart. The album was certified Gold by the BPI within three weeks of release and reached Platinum status in January 1985. The album contains Tears For Fears' first three hit singles – Mad World Change and Pale Shelter – all of which reached the Top 5 in the UK.
 Momentum Space is an album by American jazz saxophonist Dewey Redman pianist Cecil Taylor and drummer Elvin Jones featuring performances recorded in 1998 and released on the Verve label.
 Accidental (Music for Dance Volume 3) is a studio album by English guitarist composer and improvisor Fred Frith. It is the third of a series of Music for Dance albums Frith made and was recorded between December 1995 and January 1996 at Studio Jankowski in Stuttgart Germany. The album was released on CD in March 2002 on Fred Records and was the first release in Frith's archival release program on the record label.
 Stevie at the Beach is the fourth album by Motown singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder released on the Tamla (Motown) label on June 23 1964. With the exception of the mild hit Hey Harmonica Man it was a concept album of sorts focusing on beach and surfer anthems as an attempt to get Wonder to now sing surf tunes. However much like the label's attempts to first make him the teenage version of Ray Charles and then for one album as a lounge singer it failed to connect with audiences.
 Feel No Fret is the seventh album by Scottish funk and R&B band Average White Band (also AWB) released in 1979 on the RCA label. It reached No. 15 in the UK charts with 15 weeks in total on the charts and No. 32 in the US charts.
 Daylight is the 2005 album by Jimmy Ibbotson.
 Glee Sings the Beatles is the fifteenth soundtrack album by the cast of the American musical television show Glee. It was made available for pre-order on iTunes on September 10 2013 with the expected to be released date on September 24 2013 two days before the fifth season premiere. The album features fourteen songs recorded for the first two episodes of the season: Love Love Love and Tina in the Sky with Diamonds.
 The Red Thread is the fourth studio album and fifth altogether by Arab Strap released in 2001.
 The Swarm is a 1998 album by the Wu-Tang Killa Bees which is made up of various artists affiliated with or part of the Wu-Tang Clan.
 Terra is the debut full-length album by Norwegian/Swedish progressive metal band Cronian. The album was sporadically recorded through 2004 and 2005 with the two members of the band separated by their countries most of the time. The album was released in Europe on March 27th 2006 and on April 18th 2006 in North America.
 Jammin' with Friends is the fifth studio album by Poison lead singer and reality television star Bret Michaels. The album was released on June 25 2013 by Poor Boy Records.The album is Michaels' first album since 2010's Custom Built which charted at #1 on the Hard Rock and Independent album charts.
 Multikulti is an album by jazz trumpeter Don Cherry recorded between 1988 and 1990 and released in 1991 on the A&M label.
 We Live: The Black Samurai is an EP by C-Rayz Walz an American hip hop musician who is currently signed to Definitive Jux. This EP is often mistaken as the follow-up to Ravipops (The Substance) because of its length however it does not have the same cohesion that most albums have.
 So Excited! is the ninth studio album by the Pointer Sisters released in 1982 on the Planet label.
 The Collection is a compilation album by ABC released in 1996. The compilation album was re-released as The Look of Love in Europe in 1998.
 Z is the third extended play (EP) by American singer-songwriter SZA released on April 8 2014 through Top Dawg Entertainment. After amassing two self-released EPs See.SZA.Run and S as well as meeting with members of Top Dawg Entertainment she subsequently signed a recording contract with the indie label.
 I Break Chairs is Damien Jurado's fourth album and first with his backing band Gathered in Song. The album was produced by the former lead singer of Pedro the Lion and Headphones David Bazan.
 Thumbelina's One Night Stand is the title of Melissa McClelland's third album. The album was released in 2006 in Canada by the Orange Record Label.
 Bonafied is a studio album by Cameroonian jazz bassist and musician Richard Bona. It was released on 22 April 2013 through Universal Music.The album has charted at no. 33 in Poland and at no. 162 in France.
 The Game of Funk is the first and only album by R&B/Hip hop group Sons of Funk. It was released on April 21 1998 through No Limit Records and was entirely produced by Beats By the Pound. The album didn't make it very high on the charts compared to other No Limit releases at the time but it still managed to make it to #44 on the Billboard 200 and #14 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. The single Pushin' Inside You made it to #97 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 It's Just Me is the debut album of Boogie Kings member Mark Klein. It is a collection of original songs as well as renditions of songs recorded by other musicians. His younger sister Ashleigh makes her debut at the age of two on the last track of the album.
 Saviour King is the sixteenth album in the live praise and worship series of Christian Contemporary music by Hillsong Church. It debuted at No. 6 on the ARIA album chart on 9 July 2007 while the DVD debuted at No. 2 on the DVD chart. On the US Billboard Top Christian Albums Chart it debuted at No. 5.
 Double Plaidinum is the fourth album by Lagwagon released on August 12 1997 (see 1997 in music). It is their first album without the original line-up as guitarist Shawn Dewey and drummer Derrick Plourde both left the band before the recording of this album.
 3-D is the debut album from the band I See Stars. The album debuted at number 176 on the Billboard 200 number 5 on Top Heatseekers and number 22 on Top Independent Albums. The songs Save the Cheerleader Save the World and The Big Bad Wolf were both re-recorded from their first EP Green Light Go!. The singles The Common Hours 3-D and Where the Sidewalk Ends were also re-recorded having been previously released as demos.
 Troublizing was released by Ric Ocasek in 1997 on Sony Records. On several tracks it features co-production guitars keyboards and backing vocals by Billy Corgan of The Smashing Pumpkins. Allmusic reviewer Stephen Thomas Erlewine called Troublizing Ocasek's best solo album since This Side of Paradise.
 Do-Ré-Mi or Standing on Wires is the debut EP album by Australian rock/pop group Do-Ré-Mi which was released by independent label Green Records in August 1982. The album has four tracks which were written by lead vocalist Deborah Conway drummer Dorland Bray bass guitarist Helen Carter and guitarist Stephen Philip. Philip had been a session musician but was invited to join the band during recording in July.
 Listen to Cliff! is the fourth album by singer Cliff Richard. It was released in April 1961 and reached No. 2 in the UK album chart charting for 26 consecutive weeks and re-entering twice.No singles were to be officially released from the album. None of the 1961 single releases are available on this album. The album mainly features covers of musicals and popular 30's and 40's songs. Blue Moon was issued as an export single.
 Hooks is the ninth studio album by Dutch rock and roll and blues group Herman Brood & His Wild Romance. The album reached #28 on the Dutch album chart on 17 June 1989 and stayed on the chart for 10 weeks. Both of the early Wild Romance guitarists Danny Lademacher and David Hollestelle play on Hooks.
 Red Line is the fifth full-length album by Trans Am released in 2000.The track Let's Take The Fresh Step Together uses a timestretched sample of the default Windows 98 startup sound.The track Diabolical Cracker was used in the Joseph Kosinski-directed Gears of War 2 trailer entitled Rendezvous that debuted during E3 2008 with a shortened form of Alan Seeger's World War I poem I Have a Rendezvous with Death recited alongside.
 Colourbox is the debut mini-album from Colourbox released by 4AD in November 1983. MAD 315 is the album's catalogue number used to distinguish it from their 1985 self-titled album although the mini-album is sometimes referred to as Horses Fucking due to the cover image.
 The Brutal Language is the fourth full length album released by the metal band My Ruin.
 Toilet Böys is the first recorded output by notorious NYC punk/glam band the Toilet Böys. This album was recorded without eventual lead guitarist and band staple Sean Pierce.
 Rituals: Live in Japan is a live CD by Painkiller a band featuring John Zorn Bill Laswell and Mick Harris performing live in Tokyo in 1991 with guest guitar and vocals from Haino Keiji. The album was released on the Japanese label Toy's Factory in 1993.It contains 2 performance 'sets' by the band. 'First Set' tracks 1-10 and Second Set' tracks 11-17.
 United is the 4th full length album by the Swedish heavy metal band Dream Evil. This is the first album by Dream Evil since the departures of Gus G. and Snowy Shaw both of whom feature as guests on track 12.
 Before the Eulogy is a collection of B-sides and rarities by Delaware-based band Boysetsfire. It includes the complete Consider 7 (1996) and In Chrysalis EP (1998).
 Harlingtox A.D. is an American rock band. The line-up features bassist Dave Grohl singer Bruce Merkle guitarist Tos Nieuwenhuizen and drummer Barrett Jones. Harlingtox Angel Divine was released in December 3 1996 and re-issued on May 4 1999 through Laundry Room Records.
 Left for Dead was the final release of ska punk band Shootin' Goon and was released on vocalist (as of 2002) Matt Redd's own label Good Clean Fun Records. At the time of release the EP was reviewed by legendary skateboarder Bam Margera for rock magazine Kerrang! in which he declared I thought I was at the fucking circus! which prompted the band to sell t-shirts with the quote printed on them.[citation needed]
 Claim Dedications (sylized as claim dedications) is the second album by johnboy released on August 29 1994 through Trance Syndicate.
 Live From The Skipping Stone Tour is a live album release by Canadian singer-songwriter Alexz Johnson. It was released on December 4 2012 both physically and digitally.
 Forever Young The Ska Collection is a 2012 compilation CD album by Madness. The album consists of a selection of the bands Ska sounding songs including singles b-sides and album tracks. In addition to the classic Madness tracks the album contains two previously unreleased covers Vietnam originally by Jimmy Cliff and In the Hall of the Mountain King. Both of these bonus tracks were originally recorded for the 2006 Madness album The Dangermen Sessions Vol. 1.
 Shivering King and Others is the fourth album of Washington D.C. based band Dead Meadow. It was released on CD and double LP by Matador Records in 2003.
 Love Your Dum and Mad is the début album of British singer and songwriter Nadine Shah. It was co-written and produced by Ben Hillier and released in July 2013.
 Nueva Navidad is the third album of Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario. It was released in 1976.
 Kerbdog (also sometimes known as 'Totally Switched' for the US release) is Kerbdog's eponymous debut album. The album was recorded in 1993 at Rockfield studios in Wales and released in 1994 through Vertigo. Though the band had various indy influences with bands like Sonic Youth and Big Black the album ended up having a Metallica influenced proto-grunge sound. The band said that this was simply the result of getting professional equipment and turning everything up as loud as they could.
 Strange Itch is the independently released debut album by the band Strange Itch. Some of the band members went on to form Dumb Luck who eventually became The Used. Bass player Joel Pack went on to become the principle songwriter and guitar player in Broke City.
 The Black Room is a never-released LP by The KLF/The Justified Ancients of Mu Mu originally intended to be a complement to their earlier LP The White Room.
 The Last Place You'll Look is an EP by the Scottish indie rock band We Were Promised Jetpacks released on 9 March 2010 in the US and Canada and on 12 April 2010 in the UK and Europe by Fat Cat Records.In comparison with the band's first album These Four Walls The Last Place You'll Look has more subdued instrumentation with additional string accompaniments appearing on the majority of the tracks.
 West Coast Blues! is an album by tenor saxophonist Harold Land released in 1960.
 Kill My Blues is the second solo album by Corin Tucker (formerly of Sleater-Kinney) and her band released on September 18 2012 by Kill Rock Stars.
 Automatic is the debut studio album of American rapper Cognito released April 20 2010 with Strange Music. Since release the album has sold 1290 copies.[citation needed]
 Live at the Grand Opera House Belfast is the second live album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison released in 1984 (see 1984 in music). It was recorded from the two best out of four live shows in Belfast Northern Ireland (Morrison's birthplace) in March 1983 and the album was composed of songs chosen from Morrison's last four recordings.This album was remastered and reissued by Polydor Records on June 30 2008.
 Passion is a studio album by Murray Head. It was released on October 8 2002.
 Desertshore is the third studio album by Nico. It was released in December 1970 through record label Reprise.
 Enter is the debut studio album by Dutch symphonic/gothic metal band Within Temptation released by DSFA Records in 1997 (see 1997 in music). The album prominently features lead singer Sharon den Adel's vocals as well as guitarist Robert Westerholt's gruff death metal growls. Lex Vogelaar founder of Orphanage supplied the guitar parts for Pearls of Light as well as producing the album and Orphanage vocalist George Oosthoek performed some of the growls on Deep Within.
 Here I Am to Worship is an album of Christian music by singer and songwriter Tim Hughes.
 Back on Track is the title of a gospel-oriented 1991 album by the family soul music group DeBarge released on Truth Ministries. The DeBarge name is a bit misleading as the album consisted of contributions from various members of the DeBarge family as opposed to being an official release by the band DeBarge.Because of limited promotion from the little label and no other attention brought into the El-less lineup the album fizzled.
 What's the Word is the second studio album by the Austin Texas-based Blues-rock bandThe Fabulous Thunderbirds released in 1980. Like its predecessor the album initially sold poorly but is now regarded as a successful white blues recording. The 2000 CD reissue on Benchmark Records contains three bonus tracks two of which were recorded live at Club Koda Austin Texas.
 Lammendam is the debut full-length studio album by the Dutch symphonic black metal band Carach Angren. Released in 2008 it is a concept album about the Lammendam a ghost lady in a white dress.
 If you're looking for the song look Ainult unustamiseks (song).'Ainult unustamiseks is the seventh album by Estonian rock band Smilers to be released in Estonia.
 Extreme Aggression is the fourth studio album by German thrash metal band Kreator released in 1989. While the band had already gained a sizeable following in the US due to their 1987 tour with the crossover thrash band D.R.I. this album introduced many American fans to Kreator primarily through heavy rotation of the Betrayer music video on MTV's Headbanger's Ball which was partly shot at the Acropolis in Athens Greece. This album was their first issued in the US by Epic Records.
 Sophisticated Ladies (also issued as “Sweet Substitute”) is an album by the English jazz/swing all girl singing trio Sweet Substitute released in 1981 on the Black Lion Records label. At the time the trio consisted of Angie Masterton Teri Leggett and Kate McNab. “Take Me to the Mardi Gras” and “Do You Know What it Means (To Miss New Orleans)” were recorded with Chris Barber’s band and Dear Mr. Berkeley with the Digby Fairweather Friends.
 Inches from the Mainline is the debut studio album by Slaves on Dope released on October 3 2000.The album was released by Divine Recordings with major label distribution in EMI's Priority Records. The album went on to sell approximately 70000 copies in the US.
 Something to Shout About was the title of Lulu's first UK LP released on the Decca Records label in 1965. Most of the songs are recorded in an R&B early rock and roll style that complimented her mature and raspy voice. It was released when she was just seventeen. The album contained Lulu's debut hit Shout which reached #7 in the UK.Jimmy Page played guitar on some of the tracks including I'll Come Running Over and Surprise Surprise.
 Blur 21 is a CD DVD and vinyl box set encompassing the vast majority of music by Blur. It was released on 30 July 2012 commemorating the 21st anniversary of the release of Leisure the band's first album. The release took place before the band's performance at Hyde Park as part of the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony.
 Home is the second full-length studio album by the indie folk musician Josh Rouse. The album was released in March 2000 by Slow River Records and included the single Directions.
 Disorder of the Order is the Holy Moses 2002 album release.
 White2 is the fourth album by Sunn O))). It was recorded during the same sessions as White1 but it was not released until a year later.This album features Attila Csihar of Mayhem fame quoting the Srimad Bhagavatam on Decay2 [Nihils' Maw]. The vinyl also features him on Decay [The Symptoms of Kali Yuga]. HELL-O)))-WEEN is a more traditional Sunn O))) track harkening back to The Grimmrobe Demos in its all-guitar-and-bass approach.
 Knoc's Ville is a studio album by west coast rapper Knoc-turn'al released on May 10 2011 through Treacherous Records and Hoopla Worldwide. It's the official follow up to his debut album The Way I Am that was released on Elektra Records.The lead single I've Been Here For Years features Crooked I of Slaughterhouse and James Elizabeth. The album also has collaborations with Jayo Felony and Yukmouth.
 You Gotta Problem With Me (2007) is a solo album by Julian Cope.
 Paganicons is the debut EP of post-hardcore band Saccharine Trust released on December 10 1981 through SST.
 Whitey Ford Sings the Blues (1998) is the second solo album by singer-songwriter-emcee Everlast and the first one following his departure from House of Pain. It was released a full eight years after his solo debut (Forever Everlasting) and after he had a major heart attack.Whitey Ford Sings the Blues was both a commercial and critical success (selling more than 3 million copies).
 'Quadropus' is the third full length album by Estradasphere. It was released on October 28 2003.For Quadropus Estradasphere made a conscious decision to isolate the genres for each track instead of including many genres in a single song. For example Mekapses Yitonisa doesn't stray far from its Greek gypsy roots while Crystal Blue is purely Beach Boys-esque rock music.
 Bossa N' Ramones is an electronic compilation album that contains covers of the punk rock band The Ramones with an acid jazz house and dance themes. These album is part of the sub-label PMB chill-out albums that come from the Music Brokers original label formed in Argentina. These covers are Ramones' famous songs including Sheena Is a Punk Rocker Blitzkrieg Bop and I Wanna Be Sedated.
 Do the Collapse is the 11th album by Dayton Ohio indie rock group Guided by Voices. In contrast with their lo-fi reputation the album features glossy production work from Ric Ocasek and found a mixed reception from critics and fans. Teenage FBI was featured on the soundtrack to the Buffy the Vampire Slayer TV-series. It was also featured on NCAA Football 2006.
 For the similarly titled album by Poco see Inamorata (album).Innamorata is American rock singer Pat Benatar's tenth studio album and her eleventh album overall released in 1997. It charted a single week on the US Billboard album chart at #171. (As of 2011 it had sold close to 65000 copies according to SoundScan.)This album is now out of print.
 The Mill Pond is a double-EP album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey released in 1997.
 Against All Oddz is the first solo album by Grime artist Lethal Bizzle. It was released on 15 August 2005.
 The Táin is a music album by Irish rock band Horslips. Their second studio album it was Horslip's first attempt at making a concept album an idea they would return to in 1976 with The Book of Invasions: A Celtic Symphony. The Táin was based on the Táin Bó Cúailnge (The Cattle Raid of Cooley) one of the most infamous legends of Early Irish literature dealing with the war between Ulster and Connacht over a prize bull.
 Deus Deceptor is the first full-length album by the Swedish Death metal band NonExist.
 Days of the Fallen Sun is the fourth EP by American art rock band Junius. It will be released on February 18 2014 through Prosthetic. The track “The Time Of Perfect Virtue“ was originally recorded on the split EP Junius / Juarez while the track “A Day Dark With Night“ was originally recorded on the split EP Junius / Rosetta. The track “Forgiving The Cleansing Meteor“ was made available for streaming on Pitchfork prior to the EPs release.
 Music from the Original Motion Picture Coffy is a soundtrack produced composed and arranged by Roy Ayers. It was released in 1973 on Polydor Records and peaked at number 31 on the jazz albums chart.
 Historical America in Song released in 1950 by Encyclopædia Britannica Films is an album set by folk singer Burl Ives. Each of the six albums consists of five 12-inch vinylite records for a total of thirty 78 rpm records. Each album has its own cover with a drawing of the Washington Monument on it (see the illustration).The album set was designed to be used in four types of academic courses: music appreciation American history literature and social studies.
 People and Things is the third and final studio album by American rock band Jack's Mannequin. It was released through Sire Records on October 4 2011 in the United States where it debuted at number one on Billboard Magazine's alternative rock albums chart and at number nine on Billboard's top 200 albums chart.
 Best of The Beach Boys is the first compilation album released by American rock band the Beach Boys through Capitol Records in 1966. The first version was released in the United States on July 5 1966 two months after Pet Sounds. Another version of Best of The Beach Boys was issued in the United Kingdom on November 11 1966 with a track listing that differed from the American release.
 Undisputed Attitude is a cover album by American thrash metal band Slayer. The album is a collection of punk covers of bands including Minor Threat T.S.O.L. D.R.I. and The Stooges.
 Evil Warning is a song and EP by the power metal band Angra.It was the first record with the drummer Ricardo Confessori who did not record the first album Angels Cry. The songs were part of the re-release of the album Angels Cry with the exception of Wuthering Heights.Originally a Japan release only it was released in 2000 for the rest of the world by Limb Music featuring the demo version of Time.
 Silver's Serenade is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Blue Note label in 1963 featuring performances by Silver with Blue Mitchell Junior Cook Gene Taylor and Roy Brooks. The Allmusic review awarded the album 4 stars.
 Machismo is the funk/R&B group Cameo's 1988 follow up to their album Word Up!. It includes the hits You Make Me Work and Skin I'm In which have both been issued on compilation albums. The album performed well reaching #7 on the R&B charts.
 Nisi ni ti anđeo (trans.
 Blink-182 is the eponymously titled fifth studio album by the American rock band Blink-182. It was produced by Jerry Finn and released November 18 2003 through Geffen Records. Following the band's ascent to stardom and success of their prior two releases the trio were compelled to take a break and subsequently participated in various side projects (Box Car Racer and Transplants).
 Noise from the Basement is the debut album released by Canadian singer-songwriter Skye Sweetnam. It was released on September 21 2004 in North America by Capitol Records and on November 10 2004 in Japan. The album peaked at #124 on the Billboard 200 albums chart. The album performed better in Japan charting at #15 on the Japanese Oricon album charts where it has sold over 100000 copies.
 Jennifer Lopez: Let's Get Loud is the first live long-form video by American recording artist and actress Jennifer Lopez released in February 2003. The material is chosen from two concerts of the same name recorded at the Roberto Clemente Coliseum in Puerto Rico.
 Phukk Watcha Goin' Thru is the fourth album by rapper Candyman. The album was released on October 10 1995 for independent record label Ruckus Records and was produced by Candyman. The album was yet another critical and commercial failure for Candyman not only not charting on any album charts of featuring any hit singles but barely selling any copies. A sequel to Candyman's only hit single Knockin' Boots appeared on the album entitled Knockin Boots Pt. 2.
 Black Monday is the third album by Detroit rapper Dice. The album contains a diss track aimed at Esham Kkkill the Fetus. The album sold 8000 units.
 Billboard Top Country Hits: 1960 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1990 featuring 10 hit country music recordings from 1960.Four of the tracks included on this album reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot C&W Sides chart during 1960.
 And Distrust It released in 1995 was the debut album by Emm Gryner. It was released independently and is no longer widely available. The last copies available through CD Baby were listed at a sale price of $45 each; CD Baby now lists the album as permanently out of stock.
 Stiff Upper Lip Live is a DVD made by Australian hard rock band AC/DC during their Stiff Upper Lip World Tour which was supporting their album Stiff Upper Lip. It was recorded on 14 June 2001 at the Olympiastadion in Munich Germany and released to DVD on 4 December 2001 in the USA.
 Rokkinpo Goroshi (ロッキンポ殺し Rokkinpo Killing) is the fourth studio album by Japanese nu metal band Maximum the Hormone.The meaning is Rock-impotence killer.
 Local Licks Live '94 is the sixth CD of live music recorded for KLBJ's Local Licks Live. The proceeds from this benefit CD went to the Austin Victims of Domestic Violence Emergency Fund.
 Songs from the Last Century is the fourth album by singer George Michael released on 13 December 1999. Co-produced by the legendary Phil Ramone it became his first album of cover versions. It consists mainly of old jazz standards plus new interpretations of more recent popular songs such as Roxanne (originally by The Police) and Miss Sarajevo (originally by U2 with Luciano Pavarotti). Roxanne was released as a single in other countries except the United Kingdom.
 This article topic is about the album of this name for the colloquial term dope sickness see Withdrawal syndromeDopesick is the third studio album by the American sludge metal band Eyehategod released on April 2 1996. It was reissued in 2006 as part of Century Media's 20th Anniversary series with three bonus tracks that were recorded during the original Dopesick recording sessions.
 Too Hard Basket subtitled B Sides and Bastards is a compilation of B Sides and unreleased tracks by New Zealand band the Mutton Birds. It was given an extremely limited release via the band's website and gig sales.
 Eritis sicut Deus; Verbum Diaboli Manet in Aeternum; Vox Vespertilio Act I – Moon Var Dies Irae is the first demo by the Polish avant-garde black metal band Devilish Impressions. This is the first demo they released as a band after the band members joined forces in 2000. The musical arrangements were still of low quality and the vocals are barely hearable on this demo. But the band had a pretty good idea what they were doing and whereto they wanted to evolve as a band.
 Hustlin' is the tenth album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine recorded for the Blue Note label and performed by Turrentine with Shirley Scott Kenny Burrell Bob Cranshaw and Otis Finch.
 Nick Cannon is the debut album by American rapper Nick Cannon. It features the song Gigolo that reached #9 on the US Rap Songs chart and #24 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2004.
 How We Live: At the Philharmonic is the title of Ian McNabb's second live album. The album was culled from two June 2007 shows at Liverpool's Philharmonic Hall.
 De Gosto de Água e de Amigos is the eighth solo album by Brazilian musician Zé Ramalho. It was released in 1985. The Golden Boys a famous Jovem Guarda band made some guest appearance in several tracks of the album.
 Freedom – No Compromise is a 1987 album by Little Steven.Following on the moderate success of Artists United Against Apartheid's Sun City Steven Van Zandt's next record was a full-on dance-rock record verging in places on world music. Bruce Springsteen and Rubén Blades join Van Zandt on lead vocals on Native American and Bitter Fruit respectively. Politics even more at the forefront than before centering on U.S.
 Uprooted is the fifth studio album by Canadian folk music group The Rankins. It was released by EMI on April 28 1998. The album peaked at number 30 on the RPM Top Albums chart.
 Lalo = Brilliance (subtitled The Piano of Lalo Schifrin) is an album by Argentine composer pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin recorded in 1962 and released on the Roulette label. The album was one of Schifrin's earliest solo albums and features musicians from Dizzy Gillespie's band.
 In and Out of Love is the tenth studio effort and first album in thirteen years for R&B/soul singer Mary Wells released on the Epic label.
 Candy Rain is the debut studio album from American R&B group Soul for Real released March 28 1995 on Uptown Records and distributed through MCA Records.The album peaked at number twenty-three on the Billboard 200 chart. By August 1995 it was certified platinum in sales by the RIAA after sales exceeding one million copies in the United States.
 Kamasutra is the second studio album by Colombian-American reggaeton singer-songwriter Adassa released on March 15 2005 by Universal Music Latino. It is her first commercially successful album.
 Sings a String of Harold Arlen is a 1961 studio album by Tony Bennett. It consists of string arrangements of songs composed by Harold Arlen. The illustration on the cover is by Bob Peak.
 Surfin' Safari is the debut studio album by American rock band the Beach Boys released on October 1 1962 on Capitol. Surfin' Safari peaked at number 32 in its 37-week run on the US charts and would be the lowest charting Beach Boys album until Smiley Smile in 1967.
 Bathtub Blues is an album by folk singer/guitarist Greg Brown released in 1993. It is directed towards children and uses a children's chorus on many of the songs.
 Those Were the Days – The Best Of Leningrad Cowboys is a two-disc greatest hits album packaged in a DVD style case in a box set with a deck of playing cards. It was distributed only at ABC a Finnish chain of service stations.
 Will Work for Food is an album by Los Angeles California crossover thrash band Uncle Slam released in 1993. It was their first full-length studio album in five years since Say Uncle (1988) and is to date their last recording with drummer Amery Smith. Uncle Slam began work on this album in 1991 right after bassist Simon Oliver returned to the fold. The writing and recording process spanned two years and four recording studios in California and was finished in 1993.
 Rise is the debut studio album by American singer Samantha James under the label Om Records.The title track from the album was released as a single and reached No. 1 on the US Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart.
 Social Distortion is the eponymous third studio album by the American punk rock band Social Distortion released on March 27 1990 through Epic Records their first recording on that label. The album furthered the rockabilly blues and country music experimentation of their previous album with songs like Drug Train and the radio hit Ball and Chain.The focus on the alternative rock scene helped bring attention to Social Distortion.
 Streetwise is the debut studio album by American classical pianist Richard Kastle released on March 5 1991 by Virgin Records. The album has a warning label that reads: Parental Advisory: This album contains classical music no lyrics whatsoever. The musicians debut album was also a part of a larger scheme by Virgin Records to seek out and develop a new and younger audience for classical music.
 Hliðskjálf is the sixth album by Norwegian band Burzum. This album was the second to be recorded by Varg Vikernes while he was imprisoned for murder and arson and also Burzum's second ambient album. Dauði Baldrs and Hliðskjálf were created with synthesized instruments as he was not allowed any other instruments while being imprisoned.
 Naughty Boys (浮気なぼくら Uwaki na bokura; Naughty boys) is the sixth album by Yellow Magic Orchestra recorded from October 1982 to March 1983 and released on May 24 1983. It contains the pop-oriented single Kimi ni Mune Kyun as well as a preview of You've Got to Help Yourself which was released in its full version on the companion album Naughty Boys Instrumental and again with vocals on Service.
 2 Fast 2 Furious is the soundtrack for the movie 2 Fast 2 Furious. It was originally released on May 27 2003 on Disturbing tha Peace and Def Jam Recordings. As of 2003 the album has been certified as Gold by the RIAA.
 How the West Was Won is a triple live album by the English rock group Led Zeppelin released by Atlantic Records on compact disc on 27 May 2003 and DVD-Audio on 7 October 2003. These original performances are from the band's 1972 concert tour of the United States recorded at the L.A. Forum on 25 June 1972 and Long Beach Arena on 27 June 1972.Guitarist Jimmy Page considers Led Zeppelin at this point to have been at their artistic peak as is mentioned in the album's liner notes.
 Play It Loud is the debut album of country music artist Chris Cagle.
 Fools is the third studio album by Canadian rock band The Reason.
 Entre Tangos Y Mariachi (Between Tangos And Mariachi) is the title of a studio album released by Spanish performer Rocío Dúrcal on May 15 2001 by BMG Ariola.
 Crossroad is the 8th album by Masami Okui released on September 4 2002.
 Flash Light is Tom Verlaine's fifth solo album. It was recorded by Mario Salvati at Sorcerer 2 NYC except The Scientist Writes a Letter engineered by Mark Wallis. Mixed by Paul O'Duffy at Sarm West London.Cover from an artwork by Susan Hiller. Layout by John Rimmer at Pointblanc.
 Masked & Anonymous: Music from the Motion Picture is a 2003 soundtrack album by various artists performing songs by Bob Dylan apart from Bob Dylan himself who performs not only his own but also some classic folk songs.
 Precious Memories Volume II is the eighteenth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was released on March 26 2013 via Alan's Country Records and EMI Nashville. The album is a follow-up to Jackson's 2006 album Precious Memories. Of the album Jackson said Denise and I had made a list of 30 to 40 songs to do for that first album. We had so many that we didn't get to I thought we'd go in and do a few more just the same way - heartfelt and simple.
 Songs of a Rag Doll is the third studio album release by Swedish Singer-songwriter Miss Li. It was released on October 17 2007 only five months after the release of God Put a Rainbow in the Sky. The album debuted and peaked at #23 on the Swedish albums chart.
 Icon is the second greatest hits compilation album by American rapper Ja Rule released on January 10 2012 through Motown Records.
 Happy Birthday is the ninth album by popular children's entertainers Sharon Lois & Bram originally released in 1988. The album was released in honor of Sharon Lois & Bram's 10th Anniversary hence the birthday theme.
 Day Escape is the second full band release and EP by alternative rock band Air Dubai. The EP was released on October 25 2011 and produced by Sylvia Massy and Dwight Baker.
 The Ultimate Clip Collection is a 2003 DVD compilation of seven music videos American rock band The Hooters made for Columbia Records.
 Beaches is the soundtrack to the Academy Award nominated feature film of the same name starring Bette Midler who performs most of the tracks on the album released on the Atlantic Records label in 1988.
 Sense is the fifth album by In the Nursery released in 1991 through Third Mind Records.
 I Love Brazil! is a 1977 studio album by Sarah Vaughan accompanied by prominent Brazilian musicians Milton Nascimento Dori Caymmi and Antonio Carlos Jobim. This was Vaughan's first album of Bossa nova/MPB it was followed by Copacabana (1979) and Brazilian Romance (1987). It was also her first album for Pablo Records.
 That Don't Make Me a Bad Guy is the twelfth studio album from American country music artist Toby Keith. The album was released October 28 2008 (see 2008 in country music) on Show Dog Nashville Keith's own label and was produced by Keith himself. He wrote or co-wrote all the songs on this album collaborating with Bobby Pinson on all but three.
 Five Treasure Box is the fourth studio album by South Korean rock band F.T. Island. It was released in South Korea on September 10 2012 under FNC Entertainment and distributed by Mnet Media. Being the band's first studio album in three years the title of the album reflects the treasure of the songs on the album where they contributed to seven of the ten tracks on the album by songwriting or composition.
 Jimmy Eat World is the debut studio album by American rock band Jimmy Eat World released in 1994 on Wooden Blue Records. The album displays their early sound with guitarist and eventual backing vocalist Tom Linton singing lead on most of the songs on this album. The one song on this album that is sung by current primary vocalist Jim Adkins is the track Usery. The album also marks the only appearance of former bass guitarist Mitch Porter.Jimmy Eat World is currently out of print.
 No Pain No Gain is the third album released by the Ghetto Twiinz. It was released on September 22 1998 for Rap-A-Lot Records and Noo Trybe Records and featured production from Leroy Precise Edwards Mike Dean and J. Prince. No Pain No Gain was the Ghetto Twiinz most successful album chart-wise making it to 191 on the Billboard Hot 200 35 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 15 on the Top Heatseekers charts.
 The Very Best of Judy Garland is a three-disc box set of Judy Garland songs released in 2007. The set features previously unreleased and digitally remastered tracks.
 Lunch Recess & Detention is the sixth major release by the band Marcy Playground. It was released for digital download on June 26 2012 the physical CD was also released in Canada on this date. Physical release of the CD in the United States was July 17 2012.The first single from the album was Mr. Fisher.
 Long Yellow Road is the second recording of the Toshiko Akiyoshi – Lew Tabackin Big Band.
 Get Nervous is the fourth album by singer Pat Benatar released in November 1982. It peaked at #4 on the Billboard 200 album chart and stayed on the charts for 46 weeks. Three tracks from the album were released as singles: Shadows of the Night Little Too Late and Looking for a Stranger all reached the U.S. Top 40.
 Nach Nach is the 2009 collaboration album by Punjabi-American Southern Rap artist Deep Cold and Kamla Punjabi produced by Dj Sanj/J-Nas. It was released on Deep Cold's Independent Da 1 Records. The track Man On Fire was released previously on America's Most Wanted 4 and the track Punjabi Munde was released previously as Boyz In Da Hood on the J-Nas album entitled Asian R&B.
 1-2-3-4!: The Complete Early Years Remastered is an album by The Huntingtons released in 2010. 1-2-3-4!: The Complete Early Years Remastered contains every studio track the band ever recorded and released prior to their days with Tooth And Nail Records.
 Song Islands is a collection of singles and rare songs by The Microphones recorded between 1998 and 2002.
 When Everything Breaks Open is the debut album by American singer-songwriter Matt Morris released January 12 2010 on Tennman Records. Recording sessions for the album took place in Austin Texas and Los Angeles California. It was produced by both Charlie Sexton and Justin Timberlake Tennman label founder.
 Babez for Breakfast is the fifth studio album by the Finnish hard rock band Lordi released on September 10 2010. As is traditional for the band their costumes were renewed for the release of this album. The album was produced by Michael Wagener.The first single This Is Heavy Metal was released digitally on August 9 2010 and physically a week later on August 16.
 From Cleveland 2 Cali is a compilation album from Bone Thugs-N-Harmony group member Flesh-N-Bone introducing rappers signed to his record label Flesh Bone Incorporated. There were only 1000 copies printed up for the original release. This album has been long out of print.
 The Swindle Continues is the first album released by the Ex Pistols in 1988.
 Turbulent Indigo is the fifteenth album by Joni Mitchell. Released in 1994 it won a Grammy Award for Pop Album of the Year.
 Etta James (also known as Only a Fool) is the eleventh studio album by American Blues artist Etta James released in 1973.
 Vivir (English: Live) is the second Spanish album from pop singer Enrique Iglesias. This album was a successful release for the singer. The album includes three number-one singles on the Billboard Hot Latin Tracks charts in United States: Enamorado Por Primera Vez Sólo En Ti and Miente. In the United States it was certified gold and platinum on May 6 1997.
 The Ballad Of Nora Lee is third studio album from the Norwegian band Helldorado. The album shows a band that is still deeply fascinated and inspired by Americana music and subculture combining elements from different genres.The Turkish National Football Team has chosen Helldorado's A Drinking Song as their new Football Anthem for the Euro 2008 Championship. A Drinking Song was A-listed on Turkish TV Channel Dream-TV.
 38 Special Live From Texas is a live album by the southern rock band 38 Special recorded in 2009 and released in 2011.
 Stimmen Reste (English: Voice Remainders) is the seventh release of Einstürzende Neubauten's Musterhaus project a series of highly experimental CD releases that were only available via an annual subscription through their website or from shows during their 25th Anniversary Tour.
 Ma jeunesse fout le camp… is a studio album by the French popular singer Françoise Hardy. This album was the first produced by Hardy's own production company Asparagus Productions. Manufacturing and distribution were still handled by Vogue Records.
 Demolition Pumpkin Squeeze Musik is a mixtape by DJ Q-bert. It was released in 1994 one year before he invented the crab scratch. The samples on this album come from bands (including Rush) comic books (including Spider-Man) video games (including Street Fighter 2) and movies (including The Warriors and Style Wars).
 Forensic Fugues and Medicolegal Medleys is The County Medical Examiners first full length release. This is also the only release other than the demo to feature Michelle Hayes on bass. According to an interview with Dr. Fairbanks she left the band soon after this recording in order to focus on medical school.
 Punisher: War Zone Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the film Punisher: War Zone the album was released on November 25 2008. The soundtrack includes the original track War Zone written for and inspired by the film by musician Rob Zombie. An online contest was held by Lionsgate and led to 7 Days Away (a band local to Connersville IN) taking first place with the track Take Me Away.
 Stand Your Ground is the second album by the band Little Barrie. The album is produced by Dan the Automator and Mike Prince Fatty Pelanconi. The band went for a more straight rock’n’roll sound in their own words as a result of touring the first record ... we wanted more something more rock’n’roll to play on stage. And it’s partly because while we were touring we were getting back into stuff we hadn’t listened to for a while like old garage stuff and The Cramps.
 A' is an album by Osaka-based band Afrirampo released in 2004 of Acid Mothers Temple's label containing previously self-released tracks and alternate versions of tracks which originally appeared on the bands A release. The tracks were produced by Kawabata Makoto and digitally remastered by Yoshida Tatsuya of Ruins.The album was released as an Enhanced CD containing a video of live performance clips and a band photo and was limited to 1000 copies.
 Remixes 98–2000 is a 2000 album released by The Cinematic Orchestra. It is a remix album and the tracks are a combination of songs recorded by the band remixed by other people and songs by other people remixed by The Cinematic Orchestra.
 Super Ultra is the second official mixtape by English recording artist Charli XCX.
 Break Up is the second EP by the Chicago-based pop punk band the Smoking Popes released independently in 1992. It was their first release with drummer Mike Felumlee.
 Prehistoric Knife Fight released by the punk band Smoke or Fire on March 16 2010. It was released on a 7 vinyl through Fat Wreck Chords and is also available on iTunes in an mp3 format. Prehistoric Knife Fight features the song Speak Easy which would be re-recorded with a different sound for their upcoming third album The Speakeasy.
 Rides is a 1999 British rock album by Somerset group Reef.
 Snakebite: Blacktop Ballads & Fugitive Songs is an album by Stan Ridgway released in 2004 through redFLY Records.
 Giitu is an album by the Finnish folk music group Angelin tytöt released in 1993 in Finland. The musical tracks consist mainly of traditional Sámi yoiking accompanied by a guitar. The album was recorded at Finnvox Studios in Helsinki and mixed by Risto Hemmi.
 Road Juan is the debut album of the band cover me quick/!\ released by Alpha Music on October 30 2002. It features the singles Sandali Lang Tulala and Dilang Gala. A sample version of the first single Sandali Lang could be streamed at the band's PureVolume site. The second single Tulala was also included in the 2003 acoustic hits compilation album Acoustic Light (Alpha Music). The official video for the third single Dilang Gala could be seen on YouTube.
 Alegría is the thirtieth album released by Christian singer Marcos Witt. The album was recorded live from Santiago Chile. This album was winner of the Latin Grammy and Billboard Music Award in the category of Best Christian album. Track number 10 was sung by his daughter Elena Witt.
 Van Halen is the debut studio album by American rock band Van Halen. Released on February 10 1978 the album initially peaked at #19 on the US Billboard Albums Chart en route to selling over ten million copies in the US alone by 1999 (RIAA diamond status.) Van Halen contains many of Van Halen's signature songs including Runnin' with the Devil the guitar solo Eruption the The Kinks cover You Really Got Me Ain't Talkin' 'bout Love Jamie's Cryin' and Ice Cream Man.
 The Supremes is a 2000 box set compilation of the material by Motown's most popular act of the 1960s The Supremes. The set covers The Supremes' entire recording history from its first recordings as The Primettes in 1960 to its final recordings in 1976.The set is four compact discs long; a bonus disc An Evening with The Supremes contained mostly unreleased live recordings and was included in the first 25000 sets.
 Lena Philipsson is a 1994 compilation album from Swedish pop singer Lena Philipsson.
 Coming Home Jamaica is a 1998 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago originally released on the Atlantic label and reissued in 2002 on the Dreyfus label. It features performances by Lester Bowie Roscoe Mitchell Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye with Bahnamous Lee Bowie guesting on one track. The Allmusic review by Richard S. Ginell states that the whole album seems to have a relaxed carefree even at times lackadaisical feeling...
 American Tragedy Redux is the first remix album by American rap rock band Hollywood Undead taking songs exclusively off the band's 2011 studio album American Tragedy and remixing them. The album was released on November 21 2011 by A&M/Octone Records. The original tracks on the album which were on American Tragedy were recorded following the induction of Daniel Murillo into the band in early 2010 and lasted until December.
 The Kitchen Tapes released in 1983 was the only live album by The Raincoats. The album features a recording of a performance in New York City from December 1982. It was originally released on cassette only but reissued in 1995 and 1998 on CD.
 A Lively Mix is a 2006 remix album by Paul Oakenfold.
 You Can't Fight What You Can't See is an album by Girls Against Boys. It received generally positive reviews. It was their first album released on Jade Tree Records and the last to be released before the band went on hiatus. Though in 2009 the band toured Europe.
 The Räuber – Live is a video released by Bonfire in 2009. It features two discs the first having the entire rock opera performance of The Räuber while the second one has behind the scenes look at the opera rehearsals and a new updated music video for You Make Me Feel. The rock opera is performed entirely in German with English only being in the songs as they are performed.
 Sentenciados was Baby Rasta & Gringo's third album. It is considered a reggaeton classic. The regular edition of the CD contains 22 tracks while the platinum edition contains 24.
 Red Garland Live! is a live album by American pianist composer and bandleader Red Garland which was recorded in 1959 and released on the New Jazz label. The album was recorded at the Prelude Club at the same concert that produced Lil' Darlin' and Red Garland at the Prelude.
 Spiderland is the second studio album by American rock band Slint. It was released on March 27 1991 through Touch and Go Records. Featuring dramatically alternating dynamics and vocals ranging from spoken word to shouting the album contains narrative lyrics that emphasize alienation.
 WOW Hits 2005 is a two-disc compilation album of hit songs that were selected to represent the best in contemporary Christian music. It was released on October 5 2004. The album includes thirty one songs plus three bonus tracks. It features songs by Steven Curtis Chapman Newsboys MercyMe Jars of Clay and many more high profile groups and singers. The album peaked at No. 39 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Medusa is the second studio album by Dutch darkwave band Clan of Xymox. It was released in November 1986 on the 4AD record label.
 High Visibility is an album released by the Swedish rock band The Hellacopters and the first studio album to feature the new guitarist Robert Dahlqvist. The album was released on both CD and vinyl; the first vinyl release featured the music on three sides and an etching of the band's logo on the fourth the second was a 2×180g issue but without the etching. Both versions also contained the bonus track No Dogs.
 Kulanjan is a 1999 album by blues artist Taj Mahal and Malian kora-player Toumani Diabaté.Mahal had first visited Mali in 1979 and the title of the album comes from the track Kulanjan from the 1970 album of kora music Ancient Strings by Toumani Diabaté's father Sidiki Diabaté.
 Getting Dressed in the Dark is the debut country music album of artist Jaron Lowenstein more commonly known as Jaron and the Long Road to Love. It was released on June 22 2010 via Universal Republic.The album's first single Pray for You was released in November 2009 and has become a Top 20 single on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart as well as a Top 40 single on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Worlds Apart is the fourth studio album by the Canadian progressive rock band Saga and was originally released in 1981. The album has been released with several different covers. The album was produced by Rupert Hine.
 Moka is the debut solo album from Japanese singer Kaori Mochida. It was released on August 12 2009.
 Unpatterns is the third studio album by English electronic music duo Simian Mobile Disco released on 14 May 2012 by Wichita Recordings.
 The Green Book is the third studio album by Twiztid. Released on July 1 2003 Jamie Spaniolo has referred to the album as a Juggalo favorite. Allmusic reviewer Rob Theakston panned the album writing that it is much much better than the last ICP card record but looking at the forest from the trees that really isn't saying much anymore.
 Rusty is the first and only full-length album by American math rock band Rodan released in April 1994 through Quarterstick Records. It was engineered by Bob Weston. The album is named after Bob's nickname Rusty.
 Mucchio selvaggio (Wild Bunch) is a split album by the Italian hardcore punk bands Negazione and Declino. It was the first release for Negazione and the second one for Declino.The album was released on compact cassette and later reprinted on LP.
 Nasty As I Wanna Be is the second album by American rapper Simon Rex also known as Dirt Nasty. It was released by Shoot To Kill Music in association with Myspace Records. International success stars Kesha and LMFAO appear on the album along with various other performers. The title track was released on July 6 2010 as a teaser for the album.
 Well Well Well is the debut album by the Sheffield band Milburn. The album was released on 9 October 2006 in the UK on Mercury Records. It was leaked onto the internet about a month before release. A limited edition first pressing includes numbered slipcase and four extra tracks.
 Severe Tire Damage is a primarily live album by They Might Be Giants released in 1998. It also features a few studio tracks including a new single (Doctor Worm).The live cuts some recorded at soundchecks without any audience feature at least one track from every album since their debut which include a few old fan favorites that have been reworked since the duo adopted a full backing band.
 Dragonfly was an album released by Ziggy Marley on April 15 2003. The track Rainbow in the Sky features both Flea and John Frusciante of the Red Hot Chili Peppers while Melancholy Mood features only Flea.
 The Return of Alleinunterhalter is the debut album by German covers artist Mambo Kurt. This is remastered version of the album and it is Missing the tracks You Are The Sunshine Of My Life (originally by Stevie Wonder) Hammond Sound's In The House (Bodycount's In The House originally by Body Count) La Mer and Samabastruck (Thunder Struck originally by AC/DC)
 Lõputu päev (Endless day) is the debut album by Estonian rock band Terminaator released in 1994. It is only released on cassette and is by now very rare and wanted by fans. Jaagup Kreem has said that the title symbolizes immortality.
 Boys in the Trees is the seventh studio album (eighth overall) by American singer-songwriter Carly Simon released in 1978.The album included You Belong to Me which reached number six on the Pop Singles chart and became Simon's fifth top ten pop hit.
 Ode to 52nd Street is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1967 and released on the Cadet label.
 The New Frontier is an album by the American country music band Highway 101. Released in 1993 it was the band's only album on Liberty Records. Its only charting single was You Baby You which reached #67 on the country music charts.
 Dance Party is a 1965 album released by American Motown and soul girl group Martha and the Vandellas on the Gordy (Motown) label. The album was the group's third and much like The Miracles' Mickey's Monkey album mainly consisted of dance tunes. The singles featured on the album were their 1964 landmark single Dancing in the Street their follow-up smash Nowhere to Run and the hit Wild One and its b-side Motoring.
 Ambient 2: Imaginary Landscapes is a 1993 compilation album released on the Virgin Records label part of its Ambient series. The compilation was issued as a double CD.
 Vitruvian Pan is an album by Thee Majesty. It was released on June 12 2007 in a limited edition of 1000 deluxe copies printed with vegetable-based inks on recycled custom folders.
 Run to Ruin is the third album by American singer-songwriter Nina Nastasia. It was recorded by Steve Albini at Black Box studio in Noyant-la-Gravoyère France and at Looking Glass studio in New York. Released in 2003 by Touch and Go Records it received universal critical acclaim according to Metacritic with a composite rating of 85 ranking 29th among the best albums of 2003.
 Testimony: Vol. 2 Love & Politics is the fourth studio album by American R&B and neo soul singer-songwriter India.Arie released February 10 2009 on Universal Republic Records.The single Chocolate High went for adds at U.S. urban adult contemporary radio the week of November 28 2008. That single as well as its follow-up Therapy were both released to iTunes in the U.S.
 Art of the State is the third album by Kerry Livgren and his band AD.
 Pigs & T.V. is Violent Soho's first EP released in 2006. Blunt Magazine gave it 8/10 saying Sounding like The Vines fed on raw meat and produced on a fraction of the budget Violent Soho are a boisterous pop rock combo from Brissyland reviving the spirit of the grunge era.
 Girls on Top is the fifth Korean studio album by South Korean singer BoA. It was re-released as Moto on August 25 2005. Girls on Top has sold 115000 copies in 2005.[citation needed] It peaked at number ten that year.[citation needed] The album was released in Japan on March 26 2008 with her fourth Korean album My Name (2004) as a special edition but both of them failed to chart in Japan.The overseas version includes a Chinese version of the third track Girls on Top.
 Off The Record is the fourth solo album by Neil Innes and was released in 1982 featuring songs from the second and third BBC television series of The Innes Book of Records.
 Bags Groove is a jazz album by Miles Davis recorded in 1954 for Prestige Records but not released until 1957. Both takes of the title track come from a session on December 24 1954 (Bags was vibraphonist Milt Jackson's nickname). The rest of the album was recorded earlier in the year on June 29. The other tracks recorded during the December 24 session may be found on Miles Davis and the Modern Jazz Giants.
 55:12 is the first full-length studio album by Virginia-based post-rock band Gregor Samsa released in 2006 on The Kora Records.The album was tracked at the Recorditorium in Richmond engineered by Jason Laferrera and produced by Gregor Samsa. The mix was done by Brian Paulson (Slint Wilco Beck).
 Confessions of a Pop Group is the fourth studio album by the band The Style Council.
 Straight Ahead is the debut solo album of Wipers frontman Greg Sage. It was released in 1985. Dinosaur Jr. frontman J Mascis covered the song On the Run on his 1996 solo album Martin + Me.
 Tomahawk is the debut studio album by American experimental rock supergroup Tomahawk. Recorded after a meeting between vocalist Mike Patton and guitarist Duane Denison the album features members of Faith No More The Jesus Lizard Helmet and Melvins.
 Tank Top City is the second album by Sugarsmack released on February 10 1998 through Sire Records.
 Another Git Together is an album by the Jazztet led by trumpeter Art Farmer and saxophonist Benny Golson. It features performances recorded in 1962 and originally released on the Mercury label. It was the band's last recording for 20 years.
 Homer Mekomi (חומר מקומי) is Hadag Nahash's third studio album released in 2004. It features Shirat HaSticker (The Sticker Song) the words of which are based on bumper stickers commonly found in Israel and were devised by novelist David Grossman. It also features the first real use of English on a Hadag Nahash record with the majority of the opener Mithamem being in English.
 Dizzy's Party is an album by Dizzy Gillespie recorded in 1976 and released on the Pablo label.
 Swim is the major-label debut album by the Ohio-based rock band July for Kings. It is the band's first album as July for Kings after being previously called Swim which is the name of the album. The album's most popular song is Normal Life.The song And Gomorra was originally called Safe Unless which was the name of one of the albums that the band released under the name Swim.The song Girlfriend was covered by Bob Guiney and was released on his album 3 Sides.
 Stenåldern kan börja is an album by bob hund released in 2001. This was the band's first album to chart at number one in Sweden.
 Christmas With Patti Page was a Patti Page LP album issued by Mercury Records in 1955 as catalog number MG-20093.Later cd compilations under the same title contains some of the tracks from the original LP together with songs from singles issued in 1951 and the 'Christmas With Patti Page EP all also on the Mercury label.
 Into the Sun is an album by the Randy Brecker released through Concord Jazz in 1997. In 1998 the album won Brecker the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Performance (now known as Best Contemporary Jazz Album).
 The Fugs First Album is the 1965 debut album by The Fugs described in their AllMusic profile as arguably the first underground rock group of all time. In 1965 the album charted #142 on Billboard's Top Pop Albums chart. The album was originally released in 1965 as The Village Fugs Sing Ballads of Contemporary Protest Point of Views and General Dissatisfaction on Folkways Records before the band signed up with ESP-Disk who released the album under its own label with a new name in 1966.
 Out of the Blue is an album by female singer Blue Raspberry released on the Chamber Musik label in 2005. The track It's Time was also featured on the soundtrack to Don't Be A Menace... released in 1996.
 Belonging is an album by American pianist Keith Jarrett which was released on the ECM label in 1974. It is the first album by Jarrett's 'European Quartet' featuring Jan Garbarek Palle Danielsson and Jon Christensen. Long As You Know You're Living Yours was the subject of a lawsuit between Jarrett and jazz-rock group Steely Dan: Jarrett alleged that the duo's title track from their 1980 album Gaucho had stolen from the song.
 My Devil In Your Eyes is the second full-length album by American metalcore band The Color Morale. The album was released on March 8 2011 through Rise Records. It is the last album to feature guitarist John Bross who left the band in 2011.
 Summer Night in Munich is a 1998 live album by Oscar Peterson released in 1999.
 Pre-Meditated Drama is the debut album by American rap group Steady Mobb'n released May 6 1997 on Bomb Shelter and No Limit Records. The 12 songs DJ Daryl produced were recorded at The Grill Studios in Oakland California. It managed to gain decent success peaking at number 6 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at 29 on the Billboard 200.
 Alien Lanes is a 1995 album by lo-fi band Guided by Voices their eighth full length album.Pitchfork Media included Alien Lanes in their 'Top 100 Albums of the 90s' polls at No. 27. Magnet named it the best album of 1995.The album was GBV's first release with Matador Records.
 Forty Five E.P. is the debut E.P. from Madchester band the Happy Mondays often incorrectly called the Delightful E.P. after its first track. It was released on Factory Records in 1985.Notably Vini Reilly (of The Durutti Column) was originally to produce the EP. After two hours in the studio Reilly quit - he simply couldn't stand the band and was replaced promptly by DJ Mike Pickering.
 Il Teatro degli Orrori/Zu is a limited edition split album of the Italian bands Il Teatro degli Orrori and Zu.More precisely the record was limited to 666 copies consisting of a 10-inch vinyl on CD included. The album is published by the Italian label La Tempesta Dischi.
 Ember Glance: The Permanence of Memory is effectively the soundtrack of a collaboration between David Sylvian and Russell Mills.
 Late Night Tales: Belle & Sebastian is the 14th release in Late Night Tales' Late Night Tales series of DJ mix album. It was compiled and mixed by Belle & Sebastian and was released on 27 February 2006.
 While You Can is the first studio album from American Pop singer Lucy Woodward released in April 2003 on Atlantic Records. The standard version of the album contains 11 songs while the version of the album released in Japan contains two bonus tracks Vine To Vine and (There's Gotta Be) More To Life which in turn was later recorded by pop singer Stacie Orrico.
 Miracles is the second studio album by the Italian/U.S. ensemble Change. It was released in 1981 and reached number forty-six on the US Billboard Album Chart and nine on the US Billboard Black Albums chart. Miracles includes the singles Paradise Your Move Heaven of My Life Stop for Love (in the UK only) and Miracles.The band recorded the songs for album at Fontoprint Studios in Bologna Italy.
 Fancy is the fifth album by Bobbie Gentry. The first of three albums she released in 1970 it was recorded at Fame Recording Studios Muscle Shoals Alabama and eight of its ten tracks were produced by Rick Hall the other two by Bobbie Gentry herself. String arrangements were by Jimmie Haskell.
 Like Gangbusters is the first studio album by British New Wave band JoBoxers first released in 1983and featuring five chart singles. The first single Boxerbeat the group's anthem worked its way up the UK charts while the group were the opening act on the Madness 'Rise and Fall' tour reaching number three. It was kept off the top slot by David Bowie's Let's Dance and Duran Duran.However it was their next hit Just Got Lucky that truly broke the band internationally.
 Megatone is a collaborative album between the Japanese experimental doom band Boris and the Japanese noise musician Merzbow.
 Ruthless is a solo album released by Bizzy Bone on March 4 2008.
 There Will Come a Day is the second studio album by Canadian country music artist Shirley Myers. It was released by Stony Plain Records on June 8 1999. The album produced the Top Ten singles Forever in Love You Better Be Sure and I'm Missin' You.
 Frankie and Johnny is the twenty-fifth album by Elvis Presley released on RCA Victor Records in mono and stereo LPM/LSP 3553 in March 1966 — the March 1 date is disputed. Recording sessions took place at Radio Recorders in Hollywood California on May 12 13 and 14 1965. It peaked at number 20 on the Top Pop Albums chart. It was certified Gold and Platinum on January 6 2004 by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 New Fiction is an EP released on March 23 2007 by The Smyrk.
 The Day's Parade is a five-song EP by American band The Badlees released on their independent label Rite-Off Records in July 1998 when they in corporate limbo due to the sale of Polygram to Seagram's corporation earlier in 1998.
 Jesu / Eluvium is a split LP between Justin Broadrick's Jesu and Matthew Cooper's Eluvium. It was released on July 5 2007 and features Broadrick performing solo again under the Jesu name for the first time since the Heart Ache release.On September 9 2008 Hydra Head released Why Are We Not Perfect? an EP that only features the Jesu songs originally available on the Eluvium split vinyl album as well as two new remixes.
 W.S.Q. is an album released in 1982. It was the third album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and the second to be released on the Italian Black Saint label. The album features performances and compositions by Hamiet Bluiett Julius Hemphill Oliver Lake and David Murray.The album was identified by Chris Kelsey in his Allmusic essay Free Jazz: A Subjective History as one of the 20 Essential Free Jazz Albums.
 Ozma is the second album by the Melvins. The album was released in 1989 through Boner Records.Love Thing is a cover of the KISS song Love Theme (from KISS) Creepy Smell includes the intro to the song Living In Sin from Gene Simmons' solo album. Candy-O is originally by The Cars and was a bonus track on the CD version.The title refers to the character Princess Ozma from the Oz series of books.The CD version of the album has Gluey Porch Treatments appended to it.
 So Fresh: The Hits of Autumn 2009 is a compilation of songs which were popular on the ARIA Charts of Australia in Autumn 2009. It also features a DVD containing the latest music videos.
 I Don't Even Know is the eighth solo album by former Parliament-Funkadelic keyboardist Bernie Worrell. The album was released in 2010 by PurpleWOO Productions Inc.
 Bob McGrath from Sesame Street is an studio album released by Bob McGrath in 1970 on Affinity LP record A-1001. The album features Bob singing compositions by Robert Allen who produced the album. Arrangements were by Stuart Scharf and Don Casale was the recording engineer. Stereo Dimension Records distributed the album.
 Poland - The Warsaw Concert is an album of electronic music released by Tangerine Dream in 1984. It spent one week on the UK Albums Chart at number 90.
 Conflict is the third studio album by American R&B/soul singer Sy Smith. The album was officially released on April 1 2008 in United States.
 The Big Thrill released in 1993 is the third full-length album by the German hard rock band Axxis. It was recorded in the USA with producer Joey Balin (Warlock Doro).
 Open Your Eyes is the fourth album by Goldfinger. It was released on May 7 2002.The album's internal disc depicts the Illuminati All-seeing eye 'logo' as its main design.
 Born to Be Wild – A Retrospective is a 1991 greatest hits album by Steppenwolf.
 The Best of Motörhead is a 1993 compilation album by the heavy metal band Motörhead. It includes 20 of their more popular songs.
 The Singles Collection is a compilation album by The Specials.
 Naked City Live (subtitled Vol. 1: The Knitting Factory 1989) is a live album recorded by Naked City in 1989 and released on John Zorn's Tzadik label in 2002. All of the songs with the exception of Erotico The Way I Feel and Skate Key were later recorded in the studio for the band's debut album. To date it is the only official live release by the band.
 Out of the Darkness (Retrospective: 1994–1999) is a compilation album by Midnight Syndicate released June 4 2006 by Entity Productions. The majority of the album consists of re-recorded versions of songs from the out of print albums Born of the Night Realm of Shadows and Midnight Syndicate. The album also includes previously unreleased tracks from Edward Douglas' scores to films Journey Into Dementia and The Dead Matter (1995) and Gavin Goszka's song Prisoner of Time.
 All the Ghosts the fifth album by British singer-songwriter Gwyneth Herbert was released on 13 July 2009.
 Leaving Lotus is the third album by German experimental metal band Counter-World Experience.
 Agnetha Fältskogs Bästa (Agnetha Fältskog's Best) is a compilation album by the Swedish pop singer and ABBA member Agnetha Fältskog. It was released in 1973 through CBS Cupol.
 Invictus (Iconoclast III) is the sixth studio album by German melodic death metal band Heaven Shall Burn and is the last part of the Iconoclast trilogy following their previous studio album Iconoclast (Part 1: The Final Resistance) (2008) and the live CD/DVD Bildersturm: Iconoclast II (The Visual Resistance) (2009).It was released on 21 May 2010 in Germany Austria and Switzerland. On June 8 2010 it was released in the United States.The Album entered the German Media Control Charts at No.
 Unia (English: Dreams) released on May 25 2007 is the fifth full-length studio album by the power metal band Sonata Arctica following the album Reckoning Night. The first single from the album was Paid in Full released on April 27 2007. This is also the last album that features Jani Liimatainen who was later replaced by Elias Viljanen after the album was released.The album was mixed at Finnvox Studios and mastered at Cutting Room Studios in Stockholm Sweden.
 Good Thing Going is the 12th album released from Rhonda Vincent. The album was released on January 8 2008 via Rounder Records. It was her third number-one album on the Top Bluegrass Albums chart as well as her first Top 40 (second overall) album on the Top Country Albums chart since 2003's One Step Ahead. The album features an appearance by singer Keith Urban who sings harmony vocals on the The Water Is Wide.
 Thug Walkin' is the debut album by Atlanta-based rap duo Ying Yang Twins. It was released on April 25 2000.
 Baker Gurvitz Army is Baker Gurvitz Army's first studio album.
 Open is Blues Image's second album and most acclaimed album which featured the No. 4 hit single Ride Captain Ride.
 Sex Starved is the 7th album by Dutch psychobilly band Batmobile. It was recorded August-September 1990 at the Commodore Studio Zelhem the Netherlands and released in 1991 on Count Orlock Records.
 Ujed za dušu (trans. Soul Bite) is the eighth studio album by Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba released in 1987.Except Član mafije which had elements of the Caribbean music and criticized League of Communists of Yugoslavia album did not feature any other song with political-related lyrics which was Riblja Čorba's trademark.
 Discovery is a music video album by the Electric Light Orchestra.Recorded in 1979 shortly after the completion of the Discovery studio album. The track listing is identical to the studio LP; each of the album's songs has its own corresponding promotional video. It received TV airings on The Blue Jean Network in 1980 among others with releases on VHS in 1979 then later on the Out of the Blue Tour Live at Wembley/Discovery 1998 DVD/VHS.
 Dominion Reptilian is the first album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Hearse.
 Some Hearts Are Diamonds is the solo album by Chris Norman released in 1986 by Hansa Records. Dieter Bohlen formerly of Modern Talking produced the album and wrote several of the songs.The lead single Midnight Lady was a number one hit throughout much of Europe.
 The Drift is the thirteenth studio album by the American solo artist Scott Walker. It was released on the 8 May 2006 and reached number 51 on the UK Albums Chart. No singles were released from the album.
 The Michael W. Smith Project is the debut album of Christian recording artist Michael W. Smith. Originally released in 1983 the album was reissued in CD format in 1987 with a new cover featuring an updated photo of Smith. The album reached number nine on the Top Contemporary Christian chart.
 For Bird and Bags is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded for the Vee-Jay label but released on Exodus when Vee-Jay was struggling financially. The album was also released on the Buddah label as Sculpture in 1969.
 Everything Goes!!! is an LP album by The Four Lads released by Columbia Records as catalog number CS 8350 in 1960.
 Teenage Head is the debut album by the Canadian punk rock band Teenage Head.
 The Bluegrass Album is an eponymous album by bluegrass supergroup Bluegrass Album Band released in 1981. It's a collection of bluegrass standards by Lester Flatt Bill Monroe Earl Scruggs Ralph Stanley and others. Ultimately four volumes were released recorded between 1980 and 1985.The Bluegrass Compact Disc [Rounder CD 11502 c. 1986] is a 20-song release drawn from volumes 1-4 of The Bluegrass Album.
 Keystone 3 is a live album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers recorded at the Keystone Korner in San Francisco in 1982 and released on the Concord Jazz label.
 A Album is the debut album of the Japanese group KinKi Kids. It was released on July 21 1997 on the same day as their debut single Garasu no Shōnen. The album debuted at the top of the Oricon charts selling 315330 copies in its first week. It was certified Million by RIAJ and is currently the duo's second best-selling album.
 Shadowcaster is an EP released by Swedish progressive metal band Burst. It was their second release.
 In A Valley By The Sea is a live EP made by the under 21's or the next generation of Hillsong United[1]. It was recorded live at summercamp hence its nickname the summercamp experiment. It was officially released at Encounterfest 2007 in October however a limited number of copies were available although now tracks are available at Hillsong Music and the Australian iTunes Store.There is a trailer on YouTube[2]
 Banned is a 5 track EP by UGK.
 Love Is On the Way is a compilation album by American R&B/soul singer Luther Vandross released in 1998.
 IT'SNAZ is a double live album by the Scottish hard rock band Nazareth released in late 1981.The full album title is It's Naz but the artwork spread the title in block-capitals fully over the outside of the gatefold-sleeve: when not opened only 'S NAZ is visible on the front (on the reprints but not on the original). That no space was left between the 'S' and 'NAZ' seems deliberate. The band's official website gives the title as It's Naz.
 WOW Christmas: Green is the second release in the WOW Christmas series. It is the follow-up to the platinum-selling WOW Christmas: Red album. The double-disc album features 15 new tracks that are (so far) exclusive to this release. The album peaked at #54 on the Billboard 200 chart in 2005 and at #2 on the Top Christian Albums chart. WOW Christmas: Green was certified gold in 2006 by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
 Live at the Kings Center is a DVD that was released in October 2006 by Neal Morse through his Inner Circle fan club. It is a live recording from The Kings Center London.
 Jesus Egg That Wept is the second solo album by Danielle Dax a British experimental musician and former member of The Lemon Kittens. It was originally recorded and released in 1984 on the Awesome Records label. The album was re-released in 1993 on the Biter Of Thorpe label (BOT131-02CD) and distributed through World Serpent Distribution.
 Yahweh is the first installment in the Hillsong Chapel praise and worship series by Hillsong Church which was released in Australia on 26 October 2010 by Hillsong Music Australia in partnership with EMI. It was recorded live in the church’s Sydney chapel in March 2010. A companion DVD was also filmed and released at the same time.
 Come Shop wit Me is the second independent album by Young Jeezy released October 14 2003 on Corporate Thugz Entertainment.The album features production by Lil Jon and appearances by Bone Crusher Lil Jon Pastor Troy Cutty (from Jim Crow) and more. It is his only double-album. The album has sold 50000 copiesThe album was named after future affiliate Cam'ron's studio album Come Home with Me.
 Hourglass is the debut studio album by English contermporary folk musician Kate Rusby released on March 1 1997 on Pure Records.
 The Collection is a compilation album from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released in the United Kingdom (Castle Communications CCSCD 276) in December 1990 and in the United States on July 1 1992.
 Filipa Azevedo is the first studio album by the Portuguese pop singer Filipa Azevedo it was released in 2009 and its lead single was Só eu Sei.
 Factors of the Seven is the second studio album released by GRITS in 1998.
 The Last Spire is the tenth studio album by the British doom metal band Cathedral. Intended by the band as their farewell album it was released in April 2013 on Rise Above Records and Metal Blade Records. The album was praised for returning the band to its doom roots with Nick Green of Decibel Magazine observing that few bands get to write their own epitaphs in such vivid exacting terms.
 The Bradley Barn Sessions is an album released in 1994 by American country music artist George Jones. It is a duet album comprising eleven of Jones's songs re-recorded as duets with various singers primarily country music artists. The only release from this album was the re-recording of A Good Year for the Roses a collaboration with Alan Jackson which peaked at #56 on the Billboard country charts.
 You'll Never Walk Alone is a Columbia Records album number CS 8704 recorded by Doris Day with Jim Harbert's Orchestra. It was released on September 17 1962. It contains mostly songs of a religious or spiritual nature. On April 23 2007 it was released together with Hooray for Hollywood Volume I as a compact disc by Sony BMG Music Entertainment.
 4:13 Dream is the thirteenth studio album by English alternative rock band The Cure. It was released on 28 October 2008 through record labels Suretone and Geffen.
 Hotcakes is singer-songwriter Carly Simon's fourth studio album. Released in 1974 it became one of her biggest selling albums. The album featured the hits Mockingbird a duet with her then-husband James Taylor (a cover of a 1963 hit for Inez and Charlie Foxx) and Haven't Got Time for the Pain as well as many other songs that reflected Simon's upbeat mood during her pregnancy with her first child.
 Vagabonds Kings Warriors Angels is a 2002 4-disc set by Irish rock group Thin Lizzy which also contains a booklet chronicling the life of the band and music in some detail.
 Before Smile Empty Soul became Smile Empty Soul they were known as another name; Hecklers Veto. During this time they released an EP titled Smile Empty Soul copies of the EP were passed out at local rock shows by the band. One fan recalls getting one at a local Papa Roach show despite them being passed out quantities of the EP are very rare. There are only two known physical copies in existence resulting in a collectors item of Smile Empty Soul fans. One is owned by J.
 Lies Sissies and Fiascoes: The Best of This American Life is the second compilation album featuring radio broadcasts from This American Life. The two-disc set contains contributions by Dishwasher Pete Ira Glass Jack Hitt Sandra Tsing Loh David Sedaris and Sarah Vowell. The cover was created by Chris Ware.
 Voodoo is the second studio album by American recording artist D'Angelo released on January 25 2000 by Virgin Records. Recording sessions for the album took place during 1998 to 1999 at Electric Lady Studios in New York City featuring an extensive line-up of musicians associated with the Soulquarians musical collective.
 Be Good to Yourself at Least Once a Day is the seventh album by the Welsh psychedelic/progressive rock band Man.Issued just one month after the previous album Live at the Padget Rooms Penarth it features a radically different line-up. Martin Ace having left and Deke Leonard having been fired Clive John returned bringing with him Phil Ryan and Will Youatt with whom Clive had formed Iorwerth Pritchard and the Neutrons when he left Man in 1971.
 Gittin' Down is the second album release for the Los Angeles California -based band L.T.D..
 The Long Way Home is the second full-length studio album by Australian hardcore/metalcore band Confession released on September 23 2011 through Resist Records.
 Flight of the Raven is the second full-length album by band Winnebago Deal.
 Buzzkunst is the first and to date only studio album by former Buzzcocks members Pete Shelley and Howard Devoto under the name ShelleyDevoto.
 Burning Sosobra is an album that was released by Floater in 2000. It featured eleven new songs a cover of The Doors' Waiting for the Sun Watched Over By Crows an older song that existed prior to the release Angels in the Flesh and Devils in the Bone and a new recording of Alcoholic which previously appeared only as a radio edit on Danny Boy plus three. The first release of Burning Sosobra was a limited edition fold-out cardboard case with liner notes inserted inside.
 Svengali is a live album by jazz composer arranger conductor and pianist Gil Evans recorded in 1973 by Evans with a orchestra featuring Ted Dunbar Howard Johnson Herb Bushler David Sanborn Billy Harper Richard Williams Trevor Koehler and Hannibal Marvin Peterson. The name of the album is an anagram for Gil Evans.
 Neil Sedaka On Stage is a 1974 live-in-concert album recorded by Neil Sedaka during one of his tours to Sydney Australia. The concert itself took place in 1971 though it was not released for another three years. The album contains mostly cover versions of rock and pop standards from previous decades. It was released on the RCA International label in the United Kingdom.
 Live at the Marquee (known in Japan as simply Live) is a live album by Gary Moore recorded over two nights in 1980 at the Marquee Club in London.
 Boombastic Hits is the second compilation album released by Jamaican rapper Shaggy. The album was released on November 6 2003. The album features a range of material from Shaggy's albums Boombastic and Midnite Lover as well as the b-side One Burner which had previously never been included on any of Shaggy's albums.
 Give Me Convenience or Give Me Death is a compilation album by the American hardcore punk band Dead Kennedys. It was released in June 1987 through frontman Jello Biafra's record label Alternative Tentacles. It eventually went Gold in the US.
 Cookies is the first album from the Scottish indie rock band 1990s. This album was #23 on Rolling Stone's list of the Top 50 Albums of 2007. Situation was #36 on Rolling Stone's list of the 100 Best Songs of 2007.
 Album recorded by female Japanese pop artist Watanabe Misato. It was released on July 10 2002 by Sony Music Entertainment.
 Released on May 9 2006 The Big Picture is the third full-length album and fourth Disc by Canadian punk rock band The Salads. It was released in 2006 on Maui Wowie Records and distributed by Warner Music Canada.It was recorded over the course of 2005 and 2006 in London Ontario at EMAC Studios and features the singles Growing Up and A Better Way.The videos for Growing Up and Better Way both in rotation on Muchloud can be found on YouTube.
 The Hippos is the third and final album by the Los Angeles California rock band The Hippos released in 2003 by Olympic Records and Fanscape Music. It was released posthumously after their breakup in 2000. The material for the album had been recorded in 2000 after the departure of original drummer Kyle Briggs but even while working on it the other band members had begun to drift into other musical projects and eventually the album was shelved and the group disbanded.
 Ladies First is the debut album of Desi/British Asian rapper Ms Scandalous recorded almost three years after her first appearance with Panjabi Hit Squad with the track Hai Hai on their 2002 album The Streets. PHS produced and co-wrote the album. In addition to Ms Scandalous' MCing the album featured the sung vocals of Jaspinder Narula and Alyssia.The video for Aaja Soniyah by Simon Poon-Tip entered the Top Ten of MTV Base a first for an Asian female artist.
 Fever Dream is the second studio album by guitarist Richie Kotzen released in 1990 through Shrapnel Records. Notably Kotzen sings on all tracks unlike his self-titled debut album from a year earlier which was composed entirely of instrumentals.
 Black Diamond: The Anthology is a compilation album of the group Finland power metal Stratovarius. This disc contains the 30 most famous songs on the group throughout its history.
 Solo Flights is the title of a recording by Chet Atkins. Side one of this album features Atkins' experiment with the Octabass Guitar wherein he replaced the two lower strings (the E and A strings) with heavier gauges in order to drop an octave and create a fuller sound.This album was re-issued on CD for the first time in Japan only on April 22 2009
 Dez Anos Ao Vivo (Ten Years Live) is a live CD and DVD by Brazilian hard rock band Dr. Sin released in 2003. It was recorded at SESC Ipiranga in Sao Paulo Brazil in 23 and 24 May 2002.
 Foretold in the Language of Dreams is a 2002 album by Natacha Atlas and Marc Eagleton. It represents a departure from Natacha Atlas' usual music by being more ambient in style.Foretold in the Language of Dreams includes collaborations with a string of musicians with whom she has never worked previously - Andrew Cronshaw on zither Syrian qanun player Abdullah Chhadeh and two tracks with the Greek band Avaton.
 Down to the Sea in Ships was released in 1956 as a 331⁄3 RPM album under the Decca record label. Burl Ives and the Ralph Hunter Singers perform classic sea shanties.
 Something of Time is a studio album by Nightnoise. The album was released by Windham Hill Records (WD-1057) in 1987.
 Dead Air is the debut album by Heatmiser released in 1993 on Frontier Records.
 The Day After is the fifth studio album by American rapper Twista released in October 2005 via Atlantic Records. There is a version chopped and screwed by Paul Wall. The album was certified gold with sales much lower than his most successful album Kamikaze and was received to generally positive reviews. This album is also the first album Twista where there is no production by longtime collaborator The Legendary Traxster.
 Everyone Is Here is the second album by The Finn Brothers a music project of New Zealand brothers Tim and Neil Finn.The album was recorded twice once in upstate New York with famed Bowie producer Tony Visconti then again six months later in Los Angeles with Crowded House stalwart Mitchell Froom.
 Skull Orchard is the debut solo album by Jon Langford recorded in August 1997 and released on January 20 1998 by Sugar Free Records a Chicago-based label. Skull Orchard described on its release in 1998 as Langford's most Welsh release ever had two homonymically-linked themes: Wales and whales which came together in the Youghal track about the filming of the 1956 movie Moby Dick in coastal Wales.
 Donna Jean and the Tricksters is an album by Donna Jean and the Tricksters a rock band led by former Grateful Dead singer Donna Jean Godchaux-MacKay. The group which later changed its name to the Donna Jean Godchaux Band also features lead guitarist and singer Jeff Mattson who wrote or co-wrote several songs on the album along with other members of the Zen Tricksters.Donna Jean and the Tricksters was by released Dig Records in 2008.
 Nova is the second full-length album released by the German band Atargatis through Massacre Records on the November 2007.
 Nightbird is the eleventh full-length studio album by the British synthpop band Erasure. Produced by Erasure it was released on 25 January 2005 by Mute Records in the UK and the U.S.
 Crashdïet is an EP by the band of the same name. Only 500 copies of this EP were pressed.
 Save It for the Birds is the first release by straight edge hardcore punk band Down to Nothing.
 Hello Avalanche is the third release of American indietronica band The Octopus Project released on October 9 2007 on Peek-A-Boo Records.
 Nitty Gritty Ibbotson is the first solo album by Nitty Gritty Dirt Band member Jimmy Ibbotson released in 1977. Ibbotson left the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band at the end 1975 but rejoined them a few years later.The song Sara was later recorded as Sarah in the Summer by Ibbotson as a member of the Wild Jimbos and the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band. The Wild Jimbos included it on their debut album Wild Jimbos in 1991. The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band included it on their 1994 album Acoustic.
 Crank was iconic Australian rock group Hoodoo Gurus' sixth studio album. The album was produced by Ed Stasium (Ramones Living Colour Smithereens) who had mixed Hoodoo Gurus previous studio album Kinky in 1991. It was the band's first release on Zoo Records.
 Ostara is the title of the second album by The Wishing Tree a project by Marillion's guitarist Steve Rothery and singer Hannah Stobart. The album was produced and engineered by Rothery and mixed by Michael Hunter who also produced the two most recent Marillion albums. Hunter also contributed additional keyboards and percussion. The artwork is by Spanish artist Antonio Seijas who had created the artwork for Marillion's Happiness is the Road (2008).
 Big Bags is an album by vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring big band performances arranged by Tadd Dameron and Ernie Wilkins recorded in 1962 and released on the Riverside label.
 Lowlands is an album by Irish songwriter and folk singer Susan McKeown released in 2000.The tracks on this album present an array of styles including African Appalachian Middle Eastern and Irish. Lord Baker is often heard as fragment of a ballad but here McKeown has included the full story making this the longest track on the album. The Scots songs The Dark Haired Girl was translated into Irish by McKeown.
 New Coat of Paint is the title of a tribute album to Tom Waits released in 2000 by Manifesto Records. The songs are performed by various artists.
 Desahogo is a studio album released by Puerto Rican singer Vico C.
 Knock on Wood is a studio album by Amii Stewart released in February 1979. The album yielded two successful single releases Knock on Wood (#1 US Pop #6 U.S. R&B #5 U.S. Club Play #6 UK #13 Germany) and Light My Fire / 137 Disco Heaven (#69 US Pop #36 US R&B #5 UK #26 Germany).
 I Don't Want to Go to Bed is the second album by Cul de Sac released in 1995 through Thirsty Ear Recordings.
 Rag & Bone is the third EP by American alternative country band The Walkabouts released on February 1 1990 through Sub Pop Records.
 Blue Christmas is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb released in 1964 (see 1964 in music).
 There's a Whole New World Out There is an album by Francis Dunnery released in 2009. It is mostly made up of cover versions and re-recordings of songs from throughout Francis' career. Consisting of two discs it was released on Dunnery's own record label Aquarian Nation.
 The Way It Goes is an EP by American country music group Gloriana. It was released digitally on May 19 2009. The EP includes the group's debut single Wild at Heart and three other songs which are also on the band's debut full-length album.
 Proof of Life is the fourth studio album released by the American electronic body music/futurepop band Cesium_137
 This article describes the 24th album in the New Zealand Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 24 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music 24 or Now 24 was released in 2007. The album is the 24th edition of the (New Zealand) Now! series.
 Classic Aerosmith: The Universal Masters Collection is a European compilation album by Aerosmith which features material from the band's time under the Geffen label.
 Mama is the debut studio EP by Chinese-South Korean boy bands Exo-K and Exo-M produced and released by S.M. Entertainment on April 9 2012 in two language editions – Exo-K's Korean version and Exo-M's Mandarin version.
 Blues on Purpose is a live album by jazz pianist Wynton Kelly recorded in 1965 and released on the Xanadu label featuring performances by Kelly with Paul Chambers and Jimmy Cobb recorded at the Half Note Club in New York City.
 La Llorona is the first album by Canadian singer Lhasa de Sela released in 1997 in Canada and 1998 elsewhere.
 Conviction is the second and final studio album by American heavy metal band The Crimson Armada. The album was released on June 21 2011 through Artery Recordings. It is the first of their releases to include clean vocals.
 Jealousy is the third studio album by the Japanese heavy metal band X Japan then named X. The album was released on July 1 1991 by Sony as the band's second major label release. Jealousy is the band's best-selling album having sold more than one million copies it topped the Oricon chart and stayed on the chart for 50 weeks. The album's singles would also reach the top three on the chart.
 Live at the Half-Note is an album by Art Farmer's Quartet featuring guitarist Jim Hall recorded in 1963 at the Half Note Club and released on the Atlantic label.
 The Music from the Connection is a jazz album by trumpeter Howard McGhee recorded on June 13 1960 and released on the Felsted label. It features performances by McGhee Tina Brooks Freddie Redd Milt Hinton and Osie Johnson. The album featured music from the off-Broadway play The Connection by Jack Gelber featuring music by Redd.
 One World is an album by American band Redbone. Not much is known of the record more than it was released in 2005 by a small independent record company of unknown origin. It was reedited in 2009 and retitled as Peace Pipe.
 The South Coast of Texas is an album by Texas singer-songwriter Guy Clark released in 1981.Guests include Ricky Skaggs Rosanne Cash and Vince Gill as well as numerous well-known session players. Skaggs would later have a hit with Heartbroke and Rodney Crowell who produced the album with She's Crazy for Leavin'.
 Ayumi Hamasaki Arena Tour 2003-2004 A was released on September 29 2004
 Off the Beatle Track is a 1964 album by George Martin & His Orchestra released 10 July by United Artists Records in the United States and 3 August by Parlophone in the United Kingdom.It is the first of a series of albums by Martin featuring instrumental arrangements of Beatle songs. It is also the first LP Martin released under his own name. This album was issued on CD by One Way Records.
 Turf Politics is the fourth studio album by rapper Messy Marv.
 To Hebe (Chinese: 田馥甄) is the debut Mandarin solo studio album of Taiwanese Mandopop artist Hebe Tien of girl group S.H.E. It was released on 3 September 2010 by HIM International Music. Tien is the first S.H.E members to release a solo album.
 Calle Ilusión is the fourth album from Álex Ubago. It was released on March 10 2009 in Spain.
 Lizard is the third studio album by the British band King Crimson released in 1970. It was the second recorded by a transitional line-up of the group that never had the opportunity to perform live following In the Wake of Poseidon.
 Live from the Road is the first live album released by American alternative metal band Chevelle released November 11 2003. It was recorded on Ozzfest 2003 where Chevelle served as a Main Stage act and accompanies the concert DVD Live from the Norva released October 13. Live from the Road primarily features songs from Chevelle's major label debut 2002's Platinum-selling Wonder What's Next.
 Brave New World is the ninth album by the American Jazz group The Rippingtons released in 1996 for the GRP label. The album reached #4 on Billboard's contemporary Jazz chart.It was the group's final release on the GRP label.
 Tales of the Algonquin is the seventh album by English saxophonist John Surman recorded in 1971 and released on the Deram label.
 Judy is a 1956 studio album by Judy Garland her second LP on the Capitol label arranged by Nelson Riddle.
 Shinka-ron is Akinori Nakagawa's box set DVD.
 Please To See The King is the second album by Steeleye Span released in 1971. A major personnel change following their previous effort Hark! The Village Wait brought about a substantial change in their overall sound including a lack of drums and the replacement of one female vocalist with a male vocalist. The band even reprised a song from their debut The Blacksmith with a strikingly different arrangement making extensive use of syncopation.
 This Dragon Won't Sleep is the title of a recording by Canadian guitarist Don Ross released in 1995. It is his first for Columbia/Sony Canada. It features full band arrangements on most of the songs and a few solo guitar pieces.
 Song for the Underdog is the third full-length album by Bullets and Octane. The album was released on June 04 2007 under Ares Records while on tour. It was then released online after June. The album was produced engineered and mixed by their bassist Brent Clawson.
 Leaving the End Open is the third studio album by the American rock group Hardline. This is their first album since 2002's II.The new line up for the album features two new band members Jamie Brown on bass guitar and Atma Anur on drums.
 Units in the City is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Shawty Lo. It was released on February 26 2008 by D4L Dee Money Asylum. The album was preceded by the lead single Dey Know. The album later spawned the singles was Dunn Dunn and Foolish. The album features guest appearances by Phace Baity Lil Mark Braski Kool Ace Gucci Mane Stuntman Miss T Mook B DG Yola and G-Child.
 Lust is the fifth studio album by the German solo artist Michael Rother. It was released in 1983 and includes the single Palmengarten b/w Cascadia.The album was recorded in 1982 in Germany at Rother's own studio Sterntaler Studio in Forst. Receiving positive reviews the album was released as an LP and Cassette in 1983. The album was reissued on CD in 1994 with bonus tracks and having been remastered.
 No Ceilings is a mixtape by rap artist Lil Wayne. It was scheduled to be released on October 31 2009 but was leaked before the official date. No Ceilings was officially released on October 31 (Halloween) with 4 additional tracks. The mixtape is available as a free and legal download and it generally received positive reviews from critics.
 My Kind of Blues is the ninth studio album by American singer-songwriter Sam Cooke. Produced by Hugo & Luigi the album was released in October 1961 in the United States by RCA Victor.The album was remastered in 2011 as a part of The RCA Albums Collection.
 Live in Paris 1975 is a live album by the British hard rock band Deep Purple recorded in 1975 at the Palais des Sports in Paris. It was meant to be released before the 1975 Come Taste the Band album but was not released until 2001 by Purple Records. See also Made in Europe (1976) and Mk III: The Final ConcertsIn early 1975 the guitarist Ritchie Blackmore recorded his first album Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow with Rainbow and decided to leave Deep Purple.
 Summertime is an album by American jazz saxophonist Paul Desmond featuring performances recorded in 1968 and released on the CTI label.
 Woody Shaw: The Complete Muse Sessions is a remastered 7-CD box set compilation of recordings by jazz trumpeter composer and bandleader Woody Shaw released in 2013 by Mosaic Records.The box set includes all nine of Woody Shaw's albums for Muse Records that were originally released during the periods between 1974–1977 and 1983–1987. The collection features an accompanying booklet written by Shaw's son Woody Louis Armstrong Shaw III who co-produced the set.
 Chimera (Russian: Химера) is Aria's eighth studio album and the last to feature vocalist Valery Kipelov.
 Motility is an album by American jazz pianist and composer Steve Kuhn and his band Ecstasy recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label.
 A New Hope is the only studio release by thrash metal band Amboog-a-Lard. Released in 1993 the album follows a theme of Star Wars in its music.
 Virginal Co Ordinates is an album by Eyvind Kang released in 2004 by Ipecac Recordings.
 Calle Real is a 1983 album by Andalusian flamenco singer Camarón with the collaboration of Paco de Lucía and Tomatito.
 Compass Point is an album released by country musician David Allan Coe. It was released in 1979 on Columbia.
 You've Got Mail is a soundtrack album from the 1998 film of the same name.
 Songs from the Cool World is the soundtrack album for the 1992 Ralph Bakshi film Cool World.
 My Story Your Song 經典全紀錄 is a compilation album for the Singaporean singer Stefanie Sun (孫燕姿) and the last work of hers released under Warner label. This album also includes five previously unreleased tracks including 雨天 第六感 原点 梦想天空 and Our Memory a medley of previous songs. It was released on 26 September 2006.
 The Good Feeling is the debut album by the Christian McBride Big Band. The album won the Grammy Award for Best Large Jazz Ensemble Album in 2012.
 Director is the fourth studio album by R&B singer Avant. The album reached number one on the Billboard magazine's Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and peaked at number four on the Billboard 200. Willie Taylor (Day26) co-wrote two of the songs on the album So Many Ways and With YouThree singles were released: You Know What (number 58 Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs) 4 Minutes (number 9 Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and number 52 Hot 100) and Lie About Us.
 Beyond the Sundial is the second album from American New Age pianist Kevin Kern. As with his preceding and succeeding albums it is an album of instrumental songs. It was released on April 8 1997.
 The Complete Last Concert is a double CD live album by American jazz group the Modern Jazz Quartet featuring performances recorded at Avery Fisher Hall in 1974 and released on the Atlantic label originally as a double album The Last Concert (1975) and More from the Last Concert (1981) before the complete edition was released in 1988.
 Head on Straight is Tonic's third album released in 2002. It was nominated for Best Rock Album at the 45th Grammy Awards and the track Take Me As I Am was nominated for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal. The album had sold 34000 copies as of February 2003.
 Catalog 3 is an album by the Scottish duo Boards of Canada. Currently it is the earliest known recording by the group. The album was originally released only as a cassette in 1987. While this release is not currently available to the general public album artwork and the track listing for Catalog 3 were once available from Boards of Canada's official website. It is unknown if there exists a Catalog 1 or 2.
 Let's Get It On is the twelfth studio album by American recording artist Marvin Gaye released August 28 1973 on Tamla Records. Recording sessions for the album took place during June 1970 to July 1973 at Hitsville U.S.A. and Golden World Studio in Detroit and at Hitsville West in Los Angeles. Serving as Gaye's first venture into the funk genre and romance-themed music Let's Get It On incorporates smooth soul doo-wop and quiet storm.
 The Very Best of John Michael Montgomery is a compilation album released in 2003 by American country music artist John Michael Montgomery. It features eighteen songs from his first studio albums ranging from his 1993 debut Life's a Dance to 2002's 'Til Nothing Comes Between Us. The tracks Cool and One Day Less were previously unreleased. Cool was later released on Montgomery's 2004 album Letters from Home while One Day Less is not on any of his other albums.
 The Devil Went Down to the Holy Land is Israeli groove metal band Betzefer's third full-length studio album released in November 25 2013.
 Universal Language is an album by the American jazz saxophonist Joe Lovano recorded in 1992 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Kad bi moja bila is the ninth studio album by Zdravko Čolić released in 1997. It's the first Čolić' album after seven years of voluntary absence from the scene mainly caused by the ongoing wars in ex-Yugoslavia.It marks significant change in Čolić music style with Goran Bregović as producer bringing it closer to ethno sound contrary to the straight pop which has been Čolić trademark from the beginning of his career. This trend will go on until the present days' work of Zdravko Čolić.
 Aacayipsin is the 1994 album of the Turkish pop singer Tarkan Tevetoğlu. Album was published in Europe Asia. This was his second album the success of which launched him as a superstar onto the Turkish pop scene with over 3 million copies sold worldwide. The album also sold over 750 thousand copies in Europe a first-ever feat for a Turkish performer.
 10 Years Live Not Dead is a live album by Christian metal band Mortification. It was released in 2000 and features one new song called Dead Man Walking.
 Get the Party Started is a 2007 album by Welsh singer Dame Shirley Bassey.
 A Piece of Cake is an EP released by the alternative rock band Cake in 1996. The EP/Sampler was released as a teaser to the then-upcoming album Fashion Nugget. For an unknown reason The Distance is listed and pressed twice into the CD; once at the beginning and once at the end.
 Red is an 1981 album by the Jamaican reggae band Black Uhuru. The line-up of the band changed many times during its 16 years and this is the second release for the lineup of Michael Rose Sandra Puma Jones and Derek Duckie Simpson. Sly & Robbie were again in the production seat after having previously working with the band on the 1980 album Sinsemilla.
 Mulholland Falls: Original MGM Motion Picture Soundtrack is an album by American pianist Dave Grusin released in 1996 by the Edel America label. This album is the soundtrack to the Motion Picture Mulholland Falls directed by Lee Tamahori.
 Even So was the seventh studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Bonnie Pink released on the Warner Music Japan label on May 12 2004.
 Houses of the Holy is the fifth studio album by British rock band Led Zeppelin released by Atlantic Records on 28 March 1973.
 Conscious Party is an album by Asian Dub Foundation released in 1998. The album features live cuts of tracks from Rafi's Revenge as well as several remixes and the tracks Tribute to John Stevens and Digital Underclass both of which originally appeared on Rafi's Revenge (the latter as a bonus track on some versions only)
 Crucial! Roots Classics is a compilation album by Bunny Wailer released through RAS Records in 1994. The album collects many non-album singles from the early 1980s and also several tracks from the album Struggle which has otherwise not appeared on CD. In 1995 the album won Wailer the Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album.
 The Night Atlanta Burned is an album by Chet Atkins and is credited to The Atkins String Co. — a quartet including Chet Johnny Gimble Paul Yandell and Lisa Silver. The album is a fusion of classical musical techniques with country folk and bluegrass.The liner notes are by John D. Loudermilk who discusses the burning of Atlanta and the Atlanta Conservatory of Music during the American Civil War.
 Future Memories is the seventh studio album by German artist ATB released on May 1 2009.Just like Two Worlds (2000) and Trilogy (2007) before it this album also features two CDs. The first CD consists of dance songs while the second one features chill-out tunes.
 The Amboy Dukes is the first studio album released by The Amboy Dukes featuring Ted Nugent. It was released in November 1967 on Mainstream Records (stereo S/6104 mono 56104). The Amboy Dukes interested a record label that primarily produced jazz albums in their music. Nugent assembled a new band of the best local Detroit players to secure a recording contract with them. He immediately brought in the soulful baritone voice of Drake as lead vocalist.
 The Covenant Progress is the first full-length album by the Swedish group Crimson Moonlight. The album was released in 2003 on Rivel Records. In 2010 HM Magazine ranked it #52 on the Top 100 Christian metal albums of all time list with Beck stating that it is Well-produced symphonic black metal that rivals the best any other band (Christian or secular) in this subgenre can offer.
 One Life One Death is the 11th album by Buck-Tick their first on BMG/Funhouse released on September 20 2000. The title comes from lyrics to Cyborg Dolly: Sora-mimi: Phantom which also mentions cloning sheep and is named after the famous Dolly. It reached number eleven on the Oricon chart.
 Evolve (v3.0) is the debut album by the Florida-based nu metal/hard rock music group Endo. The album was released on March 20 2001 via DV8/Columbia Records (a division of Sony Music). The track Malice is present on the soundtrack for the film Dracula 2000.
 Fugs 4 Rounders Score is a 1975 compilation album of material by The Fugs and The Holy Modal Rounders including seven previously unreleased performances from the Fugs' first recording session (April 1965) when the Rounders (Peter Stampfel and Steve Weber) were members of the Fugs' band.
 Number Ones is a video album by American recording artist Michael Jackson. It was released on DVD on November 13 2003 under the Epic Records record label in conjunction with the promotion for Jackson's greatest hits album of the same name (although the album and DVD have different songs). The DVD which is Jackson's fourth DVD album contained fifteen music videos which was directed and produced by various people.
 Leavin' Trunk/She Said She Said is a limited edition vinyl single by The Black Keys. It was released on the independent label Isota Records - only 1000 hand-numbered copies were produced. The two songs were pressed onto a clear vinyl record and the hand-printed slip cover included a photograph of a child with birds. The artwork was designed by Nat Russell.
 Ronan is the self-titled debut solo album from Irish singer-songwriter and Boyzone frontman Ronan Keating. It was released by Polydor Records on 31 July 2000. The album was given several negative reviews; however it sold over 750000 copies and became one of the top selling albums of the year in the United Kingdom. It debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart and have been certified four-times platinum by the British Phonographic Industry for sales of 1.2 million copies.
 Dangerous is an album by Natalie Cole released in 1985 through the Atco Records-distributed Modern Records. The album reached peak positions of number 140 on the Billboard 200 and number 48 on Billboard's R&B Albums chart.
 Hush is an album by Bobby McFerrin and cellist Yo-Yo Ma.
 Woven Hand is the self-titled debut album by David Eugene Edwards' Woven Hand.
 Wake the Dead is the second album released on Victory Records by Canadian hardcore punk band Comeback Kid. Bill Stevenson recorded it over 13 days at the Blasting Room in Ft. Collins Colorado. The album's main hit the title track Wake The Dead was featured on the soundtrack of the video game Burnout Revenge and Burnout Legends. The album peaked at #16 on Top Heatseekers and #27 on Top Independent Albums.
 The Ever Popular Tortured Artist Effect is Todd Rundgren's tenth studio album released in 1982. The album is a return to the pop sound for which Rundgren is generally most lauded by critics. Considering it a contractual obligation he spent little time working on Tortured Artist (hence the title). However the album was generally well-received and Rundgren scored a hit with the novelty song Bang the Drum All Day.The album was also his last official release on Bearsville Records.
 Colossus released in 1997 is the fourth and final studio album by the band Walt Mink.
 Season For Assault is the second album by New Zealand metal band 8 Foot Sativa. It was released in New Zealand on 14 July 2003 by Intergalactic Records. It was later released in Australia on 12 April 2004 by Roadrunner Records and worldwide on 13 September 2004 by Black Mark Records. This album was the last album to feature vocalist Justin 'Jackhammer' Niessen and the first to feature drummer Sam Sheppard.Some copies of the album feature a hidden track of Hate Made Me.
 Tradition is the third studio album by American heavy metal musician Michael Angelo Batio. Produced and entirely performed by Batio it was released in 1998 by M.A.C.E. Music as a companion to the instructional video album Jam With Angelo. Five of the seven main tracks (all but I Can't Take It No More and Voices of the Distant Past) were later remixed and remastered for the 2004 compilation album Lucid Intervals and Moments of Clarity Part 2.
 Luck Be a Weirdo Tonight is an album by the British electronica group Fila Brazillia released on Pork Recordings in 1997.
 Soaring Through a Dream is an album by Italian-American jazz fusion and Latin jazz guitarist Al Di Meola released in 1985.
 Silk Skin Paws is an EP by English rock band Wire. It was released in 1988.
 Best EP Selection of Tokio II is the second compilation album by Japanese band Tokio. It was released on May 9 2001. Currently it is the band's latest of two compilation album with the other being Best E.P Selection of Tokio. It reached sixth place on the Oricon weekly chart and charted for nine weeks.
 Around the House is a 1998 album by electronica musician Herbert. It was named the 96th greatest album of the 1990s by Pitchfork Media.
 The Resterberg is a compilation album of recordings by Paul Westerberg released in 2005. It contains alternate mixes single versions and a previously unreleased track.
 Spanners is a music album by IDM artists Ken Downie Ed Handley and Andy Turner aka The Black Dog which was released in 1995 on double vinyl cassette and CD.It became a landmark in the ever changing cross-pollination of musical genres that was loosely referred to as the dance scene. It also became their most commercially successful album with its blend of hip hop beats Latin infused rhythms and almost junglist percussion patterns.
 Situation Dangerous is the second studio album by the supergroup Bozzio Levin Stevens released on August 8 2000 through Magna Carta Records.
 Bad Moon Rising: The Best of Creedence Clearwater Revival is a compilation album of the major hits of the group Creedence Clearwater Revival. It was released in 2003.
 Jingles is a best of album from Regurgitator. It was released in 2002 and contains songs from their first four albums and various EPs as well as one previously unreleased song Disco Crazy.
 A Kingdom He Likes is the 39th release by avant-folk/blues singer/songwriter Jandek released by his own Corwood Industries label (#0777). It was his fourth release of 2004 and features the artist on acoustic guitar.
 Released in 2010 by Deep Shag Records On The Road With Ellison Volume 4 is a collection of humorous and thought provoking moments from the vaults of Harlan Ellison. The CD features a new essay written by Harlan for this release. When Harlan Ellison speaks no topic is off-limits. This is not Harlan reading his work; it's a collection of interesting observations and stories from his life.
 The Concerts in China (French title: Les Concerts en Chine) is a live album by Jean Michel Jarre recorded in 1981 and released in 1982 on Disques Dreyfus.
 Fabric 43 is a 2008 album by music production team Metro Area. The album was released as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 Out Of The Bluffs is a critically acclaimed 2009 compact disc by the University of Memphis Southern Comfort Jazz Orchestra recorded in the studio. This was their 2nd CD release since 2007. Since the late 1960s this group has been consistently recognized as one of the top collegiate jazz ensembles in the country recently being invited to the 2011 Jazz Education Network Convention the 2000 International Association for Jazz Education Convention and touring Europe in 1998.
 Jar of Gems is a greatest hits album by Jars of Clay that was released exclusively in Singapore and Philippines due to the band's popularity in those countries. The 12-track compilation on the first disc features all of the band's radio singles that were released in Singapore and Philippines. The second disc features several of the tracks that appear on the 1999 rarities album The White Elephant Sessions.
 Merry Christmas... Have a Nice Life is the sixth studio album and first holiday album released by Cyndi Lauper. It combines original compositions by Lauper and collaborator Jan Pulsford with traditional Christmas songs. Reportedly much of the vocal was recorded in Lauper's cedar closet as it had a reverb that she liked. Feels Like Christmas previously appeared on Lauper's 1993 album Hat Full of Stars.The album has sold 26000 copies in the United States according to Nielsen SoundScan.
 The Science of Sleep is the soundtrack album to the Michel Gondry film of the same name. The score was composed by Jean-Michel Bernard.The album features the song If You Rescue Me originally After Hours by The Velvet Underground.The song Instinct Blues by The White Stripes is featured in the film but is not on the soundtrack.The song Your Heart is an Empty Room by Death Cab for Cutie is featured in some versions of the trailer.
 Improper Burial is an EP by Holy Grail released in 2009 under Prosthetic Records.
 Hard Volume is the second album by the Rollins Band. It was released in 1989 and reissued with new tracks in 1999. The original CD release contained a 32 minute jam on the Velvet Underground outtake Move Right In entitled Joy Riding with Frank. The track was recorded live in Linz Austria during the 1988 tour.
 Collapse 12 Floors is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It references the collapse of the Ryōunkaku tower during the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake.
 Untitled #23 is the 20th full-length album by Australian rock band The Church. The band counts the three EPs of original material released in the early 1980s as album-type releases making it their 23rd collection of original studio recordings overall.The album was released 6 March 2009 on the band's own label Unorthodox Records and Second Motion Records in North America.
 Population: 1975 was the second album released by queercore band The Butchies in 1999.
 Merman is a 1996 album by Emilíana Torrini. It includes covers of Tom Waits' I Hope That I Don't Fall in Love With You and The Velvet Underground's Stephanie Says.
 Bang'n on Wax: The Best of the Damu's is a compilation album by rap group Damu Ridas. The album was released on February 11 1997 for Dangerous Records and This Album Contains 11 New Bonus Track Songs And 23 Old Songs For The 3 Previous Albums: This Album Contains 11 Songs For Damu Ridas 7 For Bangin' on Wax & 4 For Bangin' on Wax 2... The Saga Continues.
 HOFX is a 12 EP by NOFX that includes two songs from the Punk in Drublic period. Both songs later appeared on 45 or 46 Songs That Weren't Good Enough to Go on Our Other Records.The record is limited to 8300 copies with 1000 on picture discs and the remaining 7300 are randomly colored splatter.The cover art is a photograph of the band with Don Ho in Hawaii.
 The Red Violin is the original soundtrack album on the Sony Classical label of the 1999 film The Red Violin (original title: Le violon rouge) starring Carlo Cecchi Sandra Oh and Samuel L. Jackson.
 Excellent Italian Greyhound is the title of Shellac's fourth album. It was released on June 5 2007. The album's title is a reference to drummer Todd Trainer's Italian Greyhound Uffizi. The album was recorded at Electrical Audio and mastered at Abbey Road by Steve Rooke. The drawings for Excellent Italian Greyhound were created by Jay Ryan from the band Dianogah. As well as a hand screened obi sleeve surrounding the jacket there are several pictures taken by Joel Larson.
 Rocketfuel is the second studio album by the Dutch rockband Peter Pan Speedrock.
 The Paris Concert is a posthumously-released live album by jazz musician John Coltrane. Despite the name some sources claim it was recorded at a concert in Berlin on 2 November 1963. Other music from this concert can be heard on Afro Blue Impressions. Others claim it was indeed recorded in Paris on 17 November 1962.
 As U Were is a 2010 album by Lyrics Born released on Decon Records and Mobile Home Recordings on October 26 2010.The album has two proper singles Pushed Aside/Pulled Apart featuring Lateef the Truth Speaker and Lies X 3.A third track Something Better featuring Francis and the Lights was leaked on the internet in August 2010.
 Voice of Thunder is a reggae album by Prince Far I released by Trojan Records in 1981.
 The Campfire Headphase is the third studio album by Boards of Canada. Released by Warp Records in October 2005 the album featured the addition of heavily treated acoustic guitars and the use of more conventional song structures. The album took the duo three years to make.
 There & Here (From the Vaults Series 4) is a double live album from American progressive rock band Spock's Beard. Individual songs were recorded at several shows on the V tours in Europe as well as the August 2000 show at the Troubadour in Los Angeles. It was released in July 2001 on Radiant Records.
 Sao tung dawkjan (สาวทุ่งดอกจาน) is a mor lam and luk thung album by the Thai singer Jintara Poonlarp. Released in 2006 on the Master Tape label it was her 40th original album and the only one other than 2003's Jin ma leaw ja 1 not to belong to either of her main numbered series of albums.
 Live from SoHo is Maroon 5's second live album released on March 25 2008 as an iTunes Exclusive EP. It was recorded at the Soho Apple Store in New York New York.
 Born in 69 is a studio album by Bob Sinclar released on July 14 2009 on Yellow Productions.
 John Coltrane with the Red Garland Trio is the third album by jazz musician John Coltrane issued in 1958 on Prestige Records catalogue 7123. It was recorded at the studio of Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack New Jersey. In 1968 it was reissued as Traneing In Prestige catalogue 7651 and given a different cover photo as pictured.
 Céline... une seule fois / Live 2013 is a live album/home video by Canadian recording artist Celine Dion. It is scheduled for release on 16 May 2014 as a three-disc set (2CD/DVD and 2CD/Blu-ray). The album/video was recorded on 27 July 2013 on the Plains of Abraham in Quebec City during the one-night only Céline... une seule fois show. The CD will also include four bonus tracks recorded in Paris during Dion's sold-out Sans attendre Tour in November/December 2013.
 No P. or D. is the first album by German indietronica band Ms. John Soda. It was released on Morr Music in 2002.The album is listed by Pitchfork Media as the 45th top album of 2003.
 Rehearsals for Departure is Damien Jurado's second album. It was released in March 1999 on the Sub Pop label. Joe Heim of Salon gave the album a very favorable review praising its melancholy themes.
 The Maze is the fifth studio album by guitarist Vinnie Moore released on March 23 1999 through Shrapnel Records. On some import versions of the album the final two tracks In the Healing Garden and Fear and Trepidation are printed in reverse order on the back cover.[1]
 The Complete Hank Williams is an award-winning 1998 box set collecting almost all of the recorded works of country music legend Hank Williams from his first recorded track in 1937 to the last session prior to his untimely death in 1953 at the age of 29. While a number of live and overdubbed songs are excluded the ten disc collection contains 225 tracks including studio sessions live performances and demos. Among those 225 songs are 33 hit singles and 53 previously unreleased tracks.
 Pre-Motional Songs is VoKee's debut CD a promotional EP released at the band's shows in 2005. The CD was also sent out to Street Brigade members (or anyone else who e-mailed the band and asked) for free. The album was produced by Ontronik.
 Oh Land is the second studio album by Danish recording artist Oh Land. It was released in Denmark on 14 March 2011 by Fake Diamond Records and in the United States on 15 March by Epic Records. An EP with the same name was released in advance on 19 October 2010 containing four tracks from the full-length album. Sun of a Gun was released as the album's first international single.
 NRJ Music Awards 2009 is a 2008 compilation album by NRJ.
 Release Therapy is the sixth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Ludacris. It was released on September 26 2006 under Disturbing tha Peace and Def Jam.
 The Faith is the second solo album from Christian hip hop artist Da’ T.R.U.T.H. released on September 13 2005.
 Saves is an EP released by heavy metal band Pist.On. The EP saw limited release in 2001 before the band went on hiatus.
 Betty is the third album by Helmet released in 1994 on Interscope. The album was highly anticipated by both music critics and fans as a result of the band's success with the previous album Meantime.Rob Echeverria (guitarist of NYC hardcore band Rest In Pieces) replaced Peter Mengede on guitar. Despite being Helmet's highest charting album in the U.S. Betty was not as successful as Meantime but received almost unanimously favorable reviews from critics.
 Volcán (Volcano) is the title of the studio album released by Mexican singer José José in 1978. The arranger and director of all the songs was the Spanish composer Rafael Pérez Botija. The main hits of the album were: O Tu O Yo Volcán Farolero and Preguntaselo A Ella.
 Auf Ewig is a 2007 best of album by Joachim Witt. Also inside is a bonus DVD containing music videos and interviews. Two new songs were made for this album Unsere Welt and Weh-Oh-Weh. The remainder of the album was remastered with some remixes.The album peaked at position 36 in the German Media Control Charts.
 Pyramid Electric Co. is the first full-length solo album by Jason Molina released in 2004 on Secretly Canadian Records. It was recorded by Mike Mogis and received universal critical acclaim according to Metacritic (with an 81 aggregate score).
 All the Best contains the majority of Glen Campbell's recordings that reached the Top 40 of the Billboard Hot 100. It was his best charting album since Southern Nights (1977).
 No Podemos Volar (We Can't Fly) (2000) is the seventeenth studio album by Mexican Rock Blues band El Tri. Is the first one to include Duets containing 4 of them with recognized singers of Mexican music.
 Starfish is the fifth studio album by Australian alternative rock band The Church released in February 1988. The band's breakthrough album Starfish went gold in America and has remained the band's most commercially successful release. The album sold 600000 copies in the United States alone.
 One Day Silver One Day Gold is the third album by the British synthpop band Blue October.
 Japan Is the Masterpiece but New Too is a compilation album by the British band Japan released in 1996 by Sony BMG. This Japanese promo CD was released in a slim jewel case.Catalogue number: BMG PDTD-1152.
 The Slideshow Effect is the first full-length album released on February 28 2012 by the Guelph Ontario-based band Memoryhouse and their second release on US label Sub Pop.
 Roll is the third album by Australian alternative country musician Anne McCue. Her first album for Messenger Records it was released to critical acclaim in 2003.The album was actually released in 2004 and was picked by Bob Harris (BBC Old Grey Whistle Test) as the best album of that year.The song 'Stupid' was included on the Time Life Box Set '4 decades Of Folk Rock' alongside Bob Dylan and The Byrds.
 Catch Me If You Can is the debut album of UK rapper Bashy. The highly anticipated debut album was released by Bashy on 1 June 2009. Hiphop.com rated the album 'good' saying Catch Me If You Can is a debut album that perfectly encapsulates how hip hop has become the world's local music.
 Amateur Shortwave Radio is a live album by Over the Rhine released in 1999 compiled by Linford Detweiler to mark the 10th anniversary of the band's first recordings in 1989.
 Born Legendary is the third studio album by American rapper Hussein Fatal originally planned to be released in 2007 The album was released June 16 2009.
 FabricLive.13 is a DJ mix compilation album by J Majik as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Live at Roadburn 2008 is the first live album by American black metal band Wolves in the Throne Room. It was released in January 2009 on LP/DVD and later in November 2009 on CD/DVD.
 Bustin' Out is the second album by American country rock band Pure Prairie League released in 1972 (see 1972 in music). It features Falling In and Out of Love which ends in a segue to their hit song Amie. Amie then concludes with the main chorus of Falling In and Out of Love. Because of this interrelationship many American classic rock and AOR radio stations play the pair of songs as a single track.
 Darling Dear is the first EP from the Oxford UK alternative rock band Little Fish. It was released on 9 October 2009The track Darling Dear is featured as downloadable content in Rock Band.
 No Time is the fourth EP released by the American anarcho street punk band Defiance released on Profane Existence in 1997.
 From the Hip is the third album by Blackpool band Section 25 released in 1984. Following on from previous album releases Always Now and The Key of Dreams it marked a major departure in terms of sound and scope.
 Road to Paradise: Anthology 1978–83 is a compilation album by the British melodic rock band Magnum. It was released in 1998 by Castle Communications. At the time of its release there had been a number of poorly produced compilations of Magnum's older Jet Records material.
 A Deeper Silence (2008) is an album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach.
 If I Don't Come Home You'll Know I'm Gone is the second album by Canadian independent rock band The Wooden Sky released in August 2009.
 Live at Wacken - The Runion is a live album by American heavy metal band Twisted Sister released on June 28 2005.
 Spring Summer Autumn Winter is a Mandarin album by Hins Cheung and was released on March 23 2006.The tracks on the album are:CD 過雲雨 (Rain of Passing Cloud) Hurt So Bad - Theme from Movie 'Moments of Love' 有一首歌 (There's a Song) 分手前的雨天 (The Rainy Day Before Breaking Up) 雲裡的月光 (Moonlight in the Cloud) 随你 (Up to You) 如果我 (If I) 偷故事的人 (Story Stealer) 絕頂愛情 Duet With Father (Absolute Love)
 The Letting Go is a 2006 album by Bonnie 'Prince' Billy. It was recorded in Reykjavík Iceland and produced by Valgeir Sigurðsson who is known for his work with the Icelandic artist Björk. This album's arrangement was done by Nico Muhly. Dawn McCarthy of Faun Fables also sings on the album.
 Inbred Mountain is Buckethead's sixteenth studio album. Previously only sold on tour the album is now widely available through the label TDRS Music. It was the first album of Buckethead's that Travis Dickerson released through his own label.Parts of the song Lotus Island appeared on I See Rockets from the album Living on Another Frequency by Science Faxtion.
 Synergy is Champ Lui Pio's debut album.
 Stands for Decibels is the acclaimed 1981 debut album by The dB's. It was initially commercially unsuccessful but has since become recognized as a crucial album in the power pop canon alongside releases by Big Star and Let's Active. Many rock bands from Yo La Tengo to Teenage Fanclub to R.E.M. have cited the album as an influence.At the time of its release The dB's consisted of singer/guitarist Chris Stamey singer/guitarist Peter Holsapple bassist Gene Holder and drummer Will Rigby.
 Jenni is the tenth studio album from EMI recording artist Jenni Rivera and the fourteenth overall. The album was released in the United States Mexico and Canada on September 9 2008. The album features the hit banda song Chuper Amigos and the hit single Culpable o Inocente. The album entered the U.S. Top Latin Albums chart at #1.Jenni Rivera collaborated with notable producers and song writers including Camilo Blanes Amerika Jimenez Dany Tomas Yaredt Leon Manuel E.
 Dead in the Boot is a B-sides compilation album by the British indie rock/alternative rock band Elbow released in the UK on 27 August 2012. The title is a reference to the band's debut album Asleep in the Back and was suggested by singer Guy Garvey's sister Beckie.
 Blue-Sky Research is Taproot's third major label album which was released on August 15 2005 internationally and a day later in the United States. Smashing Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan co-wrote three songs on the album. Jonah Matranga from Far and Onelinedrawing and Deftones guitarist Stephen Carpenter make guest appearances. The band wrote over 80 songs for the effort. Calling was released as the first single and was a moderate hit while the second single Birthday followed quietly.
 Compilation is a compilation cassette by New Zealand group The Clean. It was released first time in 1986 by Flying Nun Records.
 Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Silence is the debut album of American post-hardcore band Glassjaw released in 2000. It was produced by Ross Robinson. Glassjaw has been rumored to discourage the purchasing of this album due to their acrimonious split from Roadrunner Records. Instead they encourage people to download their music via file sharing software such as Limewire.
 Hits! – The Very Best of Erasure was the second greatest hits package released by the group. Capitalizing on a resurgence of Erasure music after their successful covers album Other People's Songs Mute Records released Hits! in 2003 to reintroduce people to Erasure's music and to give an update to their 1992 singles compilation Pop! - the First 20 Hits.
 Reanimated is the second remix album by Christian crunk rock band Family Force 5. The album was released independently on June 18 2013. The album was later released with Capitol Records on October 1 2013.
 With Us Until You're Dead is the ninth studio album of the London based trip-hop band Archive.
 Chair Beside a Window is the fourth album by avant-folk/blues singer/songwriter Jandek and Corwood Industries' first release of 1982 (#742).It is the first Jandek album to feature a female vocalist most likely named Nancy (the song is called Nancy Sings); in a letter to Irwin Chusid Nancy is described as playing an unaggressive drum stint and the other female vocalist is referred to as Nancy's sister Pat.It is also the first album to reprise the song European Jewel after its incomplete version abruptly ended Jandek's debut album four years prior.
 Fallout is an album by Vancouver industrial band Front Line Assembly released in 2007. Initially announced as an EP it is a collection of nine remixes and three previously unreleased tracks. by both the band themselves and other acts including Combichrist as well as a few additional new tracks.
 Airplane Miniatures is a supporter's EP by Einstürzende Neubauten released to subscribers of the Phase I Supporter Project just after the Supporter Album No. 1 album in 2003 as a small Christmas present to subscribed fans.
 Méjico Máxico is the debut album of Mexican Institute of Sound a one-man band led by Camilo Lara. The album contains 15 tracks which sample sounds as diverse as Mexican and Latin American folk music. Music magazine editors have described the band as one of the biggest pioneers of Mexican Electronica.The album has received plenty of praise upon release and some critics have drawn LCD Soundsystem as one of its main influences.
 Inspiration Information is the third album by Shuggie Otis. Released in 1974 on Epic Records it reached #181 on Billboard's Top 200 Pop Albums list and its featured single (with the title of the same name) also reached #56 on the U.S. R&B charts.
 Suge Knight Represents: Chronic 2000 is a compilation album released in 1999 by Death Row Records featuring performances by various artists including 2Pac Treach Scarface Tha Realest Swoop G Lil' C-Style K-Ci Soopafly Jewell Danny Boy Outlawz Daz Dillinger Kurupt E-40 Top Dogg and DJ Quik among others. The album was received poorly by professional reviewers and critics but sold well charting high on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and Billboard 200 charts.
 Stereo is the fourth studio album by the American band Vallejo released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).
 Club Me is the third EP released as an extra by American punk rock band The Offspring on January 1 1997. Originally it was only available to fan club members. Copies of it are sometimes sold from their online store and it was re-released in a pack with the band's Greatest Hits album.Club Me is from the Ixnay on the Hombre era. The picture on the actual CD is a larger version of one of the pictures on the back of Ixnay on the Hombre.
 Wanna Make Love is the debut album by Dayton Ohio funk band Sun.
 Rock On!! is the soundtrack to the 2008 Hindi film Rock On!! directed by Abhishek Kapoor starring Arjun Rampal Farhan Akhtar Purab Kohli and Luke Kenny. The original score and songs were composed by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy. The songs' lyrics were written by Javed Akhtar.The album was released on 7 July 2008. by Big Music Despite a cold reception from the critics the album became a cult favorite selling over 120000 copies in India.
 Dracula is a soundtrack performed by the Kronos Quartet with music composed by Philip Glass for the 1931 film Dracula.
 Somos Los Hijos Del Rock (1987) is Menudo's 24th album (17th in Spanish).It features Ricky Martin Raymond Acevedo Sergio Blass and new members Ralphy Rodríguez and Rubén Gómez. Ralphy replaced Charlie Massó and Ruben Gómez replaced Robi Rosa.
 So Much More is the second studio album by the American singer-songwriter Brett Dennen and was released by Downtown Records with distribution held by Dualtone Records. It has been ranked the number one folk download on iTunes.In an issue of Rolling Stone following the release of the album John Mayer commented He paints these gorgeous pictures musically. Dennen has toured with Mayer and opened for several of his concerts in 2006 and 2007.
 Octopus Kool Aid is the twenty-second studio album by Omar Rodríguez-López as a solo artist. It is his first album to feature Teresa Suárez (aka Teri Gender Bender) of Le Butcherettes performing all vocals.Worlds Get In The Way 18 and Waves were all performed live by Omar Rodriguez Lopez Group in Japan on May 12 2012 a few months before the record was finally released. The liner notes also suggest the record was originally planned for June release.
 Walk on Water is the fourteenth album from the band UFO marking the return of guitarist Michael Schenker to the band. The album did not chart. It was recorded at Rumbo Recorders in Canoga Park California. It was released first and only in Japan on April 14 1995 with 11 tracks and in 1997 in other countries with only 10 tracks. It since been re-released on numerous occasions with a variety of covers.
 Tomorrow Belongs To Me is the fifth album by The Sensational Alex Harvey Band. It was released in 1975. The album was released separately on CD but can be hard to find. However the album is widely available on a 2 in 1 album the other album being The Impossible Dream. To view the remastered version see The Impossible Dream & Tomorrow Belongs To Me.
 The Black Swan is the twenty-third and last studio album by Scottish folk singer Bert Jansch. It was released in 2006 through Drag City. Jansch described the album: It's been fantastic working with everyone who's been involved on the record. They all came to it from a standpoint of being fans of my music so while there are lots of great musicians making wonderful contributions to the record it still has a very acoustic intimate feel – and there's still a lot of me on there!
 Mindloss is the first studio album released by Dutch death metal band Gorefest. It was released in 1991 by the small Dutch label Foundation 2000 Records and reissued by Nuclear Blast in 1993. It was reissued again in 2005 as a double-CD with Tangled in Gore and Horrors in a Retarded Mind demos on disc 2. The album was released in America in 1992 by Pavement Music.
 Greatest Hits Vol 3 was a compilation album of hits featuring 14 tracks from 1978-1982 by Olivia Newton-John released in 1982 by Festival Records in Australia. The album spent 2 weeks at the top of the Australian album charts in 1983.
 With All of My Heart – The Greatest Hits is the first compilation album released by ZOEgirl and their seventh album overall. It is named after their first No. 1 radio single With All of My Heart.
 Latin Classics Mijares is the 6th compilation album by Mexican pop singer Mijares.
 Staple is an album released by the band Staple.
 Gåte EP is the second self-titled EP released by the Norwegian band Gåte.
 Plain Dirt Fashion is an album by the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band which was released in 1984 by the record label Warner Bros. Records. This album went to #8 on the US Country charts. The three singles from this album all charted in the top 3. Long Hard Road (The Sharecropper's Dream) went to 1 I Love Only You went to 3 and High Horse went to 2. The album is noteworthy for the remake of Meat Loaf's 1977 single Two Out of Three Ain't Bad.
 Words And Music is an album recorded by Paul Kelly and originally released in 1998. It was released on Mushroom Records in Australia and Vanguard Records in the United States.
 Shot Forth Self Living is the debut album of Medicine released on September 15 1992 through Def American.
 Carnage in the Worlds Beyond is the fifth album by the Belgian black metal band Enthroned. The cover artwork and layout is done by N. Daemon and Nornagest.
 Played on Pepper is the third album by the Danish soft rock band Michael Learns to Rock. It was released in August 1995. This was the first album produced solely by the band. The first single from the album was Someday followed by That's Why (You Go Away).
 The Warm Touch is an album by Harry Belafonte released in 1971.
 Planeta Paulina (Planet Paulina) is an album by Mexican singer Paulina Rubio released in 1996 and her final album with the EMI Latin record label. The album includes the hit single Enamorada whose gay-themed video sparked controversy. Planeta Paulina also includes the singles Siempre Tuya Desde La Raíz Solo Por Ti and Enamorada as well as the theme song from Rubio's 1995 telenovela Pobre Niña Rica.
 Yours Faithfully is the fourth and final studio album to date by American R&B singer Rebbie Jackson.
 Two Minute Warning is the seventh album by Australian band The Angels it was released in 1984. This is the domestic release under their own name. It was released in the US under their name Angel City.
 Try! is the first live album by the John Mayer Trio. It was released by Columbia Records on November 22 2005. The album was nominated for Best Rock Album at the 49th Annual Grammy Awards.
 It's Album Time is the debut album by Norwegian DJ and producer Todd Terje released April 8 2014 on Olsen Records.
 Volkslieder (German for folk songs) is the seventh studio album of Dieter Falk. The album has only appearance of the artist Senna Guemmour of Monrose and Rapsoul.
 The Main Force is a jazz album by drummer Elvin Jones recorded in 1976 and released on the Vanguard label.
 Startin' from Scratch: How a Thug Was Born is the fifth studio album by Layzie Bone. The album is available with a bonus DVD. Some tracks have been removed and replaced with other tracks. Among the guest performers on this album are 2Pac Eazy-E and Flesh-n-Bone.
 2400 Fulton Street is a compilation album of music from the San Francisco rock band Jefferson Airplane originally released in 1987. The title is taken from the street address of a house the band maintained near the Haight-Ashbury district of San Francisco in the late 1960s.The CD release is titled 2400 Fulton Street --- The CD Collection contains eleven tracks not included on other releases and features the otherwise unavailable Levis radio commercials of 1967.
 RISE is an album released in 2013 by Annabelle Chvostek. The album was recorded with producer Don Kerr (Rheostatics) and mixed by Roma Baran (Laurie Anderson Kate and Anna McGarrigle) and Vivian Stoll (Unknown Gender Isis).
 Little Black Numbers is the second studio album by Kathryn Williams released by Caw Records in 2000 in the United Kingdom. The phrase Little Black Numbers often refers to underwear but in this case seems to reflect the fact that several of these songs take a dark view at human nature. We Came Down From the Trees is a brief history of the human species depicted as a malign animal. We Dug a Hole refers to the psychological place where people hide - a security blanket.
 Erotic Poetry is the first extended play by Esham A. Smith. Released in 1991 it is the rapper's second release after Boomin' Words from Hell.
 Millions Now Living Will Never Die is the second album by the Chicago-based band Tortoise. Released in 1996 by Thrill Jockey Records Millions... is renowned as a groundbreaking album for post-rock; an uncredited review from Outersound.com declares that not long after the album's release the group was hailed as godfathers of the American 'post-rock' movement. In 2006 and 2008 the album was performed live in its entirety as part of the All Tomorrow's Parties-curated Don't Look Back series.
 Transformation is the first studio album by bassist Tal Wilkenfeld released independently on 14 May 2007. The album was recorded when she was 20 years old having moved to the United States from her native Australia .
 Paradise Discotheque is the fourth album by Crime & the City Solution released on September 3 1990 through Mute Records.
 Live at Yoshi's is an album recorded by jazz guitarist Pat Martino in 2001. It was nominated for the 2002 Grammy Award for Best Jazz Instrumental Album.
 A Revolution Transmission is the third album by hardcore band Stretch Arm Strong and their second release on Solid State Records.
 Orcastrated is a studio album by the English Punk rock band Toy Dolls recorded in 1995.
 Onwards is the first studio album from the Norwegian progressive heavy metal band Triosphere. It was released in Norway in 2006 by FaceFront Records and the rest of Europe in 2007 by Plastic Head Distribution. The Japanese label Spiritual Beast released the album in Asia in 2006 and in the United States in 2007.
 KTL is the first album released by the band KTL.
 Brett Dennen is the first studio album by the American musician Brett Dennen. It was released in 2004 by Downtown Records and Dualtone Records.
 The Freeep is an EP from musical Indie group Matt Pond PA. Originally released for free the EP was available as a direct download from the band's website. It has since been removed but on September 1 2009 it was released for sale as a digital download via iTunes and Amazon MP3 with the new title Auri Sacra Fames.
 Easy Wonderful is the sixth studio album by the American alternative rock band Guster released on 5 October 2010 on Universal Republic. From 24 August to 18 October 2010 videos for all of the tracks on the album were posted to Vimeo. The first single from the album Do You Love Me was released on iTunes and through the band's website on 3 August 2010.Easy Wonderful peaked at #22 on the Billboard 200 and reached #2 on the Alternative Albums chart.[citation needed]
 Con Todo Respeto is a 2004 covers album by the Mexican band Molotov. The album was released in October 2004 by the label Universal Latino. The songs covered are from a variety of genres including New Wave Hip hop music Punk and traditional music of Mexico. The title in apparent reference to the playful cover tracks throughout means with all due respect in Spanish.This album received a Latin Grammy Award for Best Rock Vocal Album Duo or Group at the Latin Grammy Awards of 2005.
 The Carnival is the debut album released by American hip hop musician Wyclef Jean. Released on June 24 1997 Jean also served as the album's executive producer. The album was a critical and commercial success reaching at number sixteen on the US Billboard 200 chart and reaching the top five on the Top R&B Albums chart peaking at number four and garnered Jean two Grammy Award nominations for the 40th Grammy Awards including one for Best Rap Album.
 Lose This Life is the second studio album by the Christian rock band Tait. According to frontman Michael Tait the songs all have to do with the striving human passion to know feel and experience God's love.[citation needed]It was released by ForeFront Records on November 4 2003.
 Illuminate is the second studio album by Lydia. It was released on March 18 2008 and re-released on October 21 2008 on Low Altitude Records.
 80's Ladies is the debut album by American country music artist K. T. Oslin. It was released by RCA Nashville in 1987. Wall of Tears the title track Do Ya' and I'll Always Come Back were released as singles. The album reached #1 on the Top Country Albums chart and has been certified Platinum by the RIAA.
 You Oughta Be Here with Me is an album by American country music singer George Jones. This album was released in 1990 on Epic Records. It includes the singles Hell Stays Open (All Night Long) and Six Foot Deep Six Foot Down neither of which charted. However two of the album's songs — Somebody Paints the Wall and Ol' Red — were chart singles for other artists.
 Doin' the Nasty is the debut album by the Canadian hard rock band Slik Toxik. The album was released in 1992. The album reached #61 in Canada and was certificated gold by the CRIA.Helluvatime By the Fireside White Lies Black Truth and Sweet Asylum were released as singles and they all had accompanying music videos.The album won the 1993 Juno Award for Best Rock Album of the Year.
 Drawn to All Things: The Songs of Joni Mitchell is a 2006 studio album by Ian Shaw recorded in tribute to Joni Mitchell. This was Shaw's first album for Linn Records.Shaw first encountered Joni Mitchell's music at the age of sixteen when he borrowed her 1971 album Blue from a library and says that he is still fascinated and puzzled by the immaculate marriage of words and music in her work.
 Music and Me is the seventh studio album by Filipino singer Sarah Geronimo released in the Philippines on December 22 2009 by VIVA Records. The album consists of revivals of both foreign and OPM classics. It features four of Geronimo's past singles namely—Can This Be Love Very Special Love You Changed My Life in a Moment and Something New in My Life—all of which were used as soundtracks for Star Cinema films which became box-office hits.
 Out of My Hands is the debut release album for Virgin Records by the band Green River Ordinance. Its sound has been compared to that of bands such as Third Eye Blind Matchbox 20 Goo Goo Dolls Maroon 5 Sister Hazel and Gavin DeGraw. It peaked at #10 on the Billboard Heatseekers chart. It contains the band's single Come On. Another track Outside was played on The Hills.
 The Fields of November is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake released in 1974. It was reissued in 1992 by Flying Fish along with Old and New as a double CD.Blake later married Nancy Short who plays cello on this release. They would release a number of duet albums throughout the years.
 The Wait Is Over is the second album by the Southern rap group 69 Boyz released in 1998. It was a moderate success peaking at number 114 on the Billboard Hot 200; however it didn't chart as well as the group's previous album 199Quad. The album contained the hit single Woof Woof which peaked at number 31 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was also featured on the soundtrack to the film Dr. Dolittle. Jay Ski and C.C. Lemonhead (the Quad City DJ's) produced many of the songs.
 Trioism is an album by jazz drummer Paul Motian that was released on the German JMT label. Recorded in 1993 it was first released in 1994 and features performances by Motian with Bill Frisell and Joe Lovano with Dewey Redman added on one track. The album was rereleased on the Winter & Winter label in 2005.
 Vovin (in Enochian VOVIN VOVINA means dragon) is the seventh full-length musical album by symphonic metal band Therion. It is their bestselling album selling over 150000 copies in Europe alone.Even though it was released under the name Therion Christofer regards this as his solo album as it was recorded entirely with studio musicians who were not members of the band.
 Beautiful Stories for Ugly Children is the seventh studio album by industrial metal band Mushroomhead. The album was released on September 28 2010 by Megaforce Records. The first single from the album Come On was released on August 16 2010. It is the band's final album to feature Pig Benis on bass and Gravy on guitar and it is the only album to feature Lil Dan on percussion.
 Live and Acoustic is the ninth album of the Filipino rock band Rivermaya featuring Slapshock. This is a 2-disc album and has 22 tracks (13 audio tracks from Disc 1 and 9 music videos from Disc 2). The album has been released under Viva Records on 2002. This is the band's first live album filmed and recorded on May 18 2002 from the Double Trouble: Akoustik Rampage concert at the Music Museum Greenhills San Juan.
 The Pavilion of Dreams is the second album from composer Harold Budd.
 Funk Inc. is the first studio album by Funk Inc. released in 1971.
 The End Is Where We Begin is the sixth studio album by Canadian rock band Thousand Foot Krutch. It was released on April 17 2012 in the United States and was released in Canada on May 8 2012. Vocalist Trevor McNevan has stated the record is some of the heaviest stuff we've done and some of the lightest.
 American Slang is the third studio album by New Jersey–based rock group The Gaslight Anthem. It was released on June 15 2010 on SideOneDummy Records which released their previous album The '59 Sound. The album was produced by 'The '59 Sound producer Ted Hutt.
 5000000 (*Tortelvis Fans Can't Be Wrong) is Dread Zeppelin's second full-length album. Recorded in early fall 1990 it was conceived and recorded during a three-week break from touring to support the surprisingly successful Un-Led-Ed. Produced by Jah Paul Jo and Rasta Li-Mon the album once again featured their patented Zeppelin-Inna-Reggae-Style hybrid plus 3 original songs and a cover of Bob Marley's Stir It Up and Train Kept A'Rollin' by The Yardbirds.
 Big in Alaska is a music video album by Jesus Jones released on VHS and Laserdisc in 1991.In between the videos are snippets of the band being interviewed on tour caught on a camcorder.
 Singin' with the Big Bands is a 1994 album by Barry Manilow.The album was Manilow's first to reach gold since 1990's Because It's Christmas.
 I Came to Hear the Music is the 1974 album by singer-songwriter Mickey Newbury his fourth release on Elektra Records.I Came to Hear the Music was collected for CD issue on the eight-disc Mickey Newbury Collection from Mountain Retreat Newbury's own label in the mid-1990s along with nine other Newbury albums from 1969-1981.
 The Sinister Supremacy is the sixth album by Darkane.On July 30 2012 it was announced that Darkane was back in the studio recording their sixth studio album which they plan to release in early 2013. This is their first studio album since 2008's Demonic Art and with Lawrence Mackrory on vocals since 1999's Rusted Angel.The album's title The Sinister Supremacy and release date of 28 June 2013 was announced on 4 April 2013.
 Altogether Now (Birds Bees Flowers Trees) is a greatest hits compilation and the third release by English musical group Patrick & Eugene. The album contains tracks from their previous two albums Postcard from Summerisle and Everything & Everyone and is their first release in the United States. The penultimate track Saturday Night is exclusive to this compilation.
 Adult Swim Singles Program 2011 is a series of free download single releases in which the Cartoon Network franchise Adult Swim released a song from a different artist every Tuesday from June 6 2011 to August 2 2011 after the success of the first series entitled Adult Swim Singles Program 2010. The series was presented by Kia the same sponsor from before. Each single has its own cover art and each song originally had to be downloaded separately.
 Rave Tapes is the eighth studio album by Scottish post-rock band Mogwai released on 20 January 2014 on Rock Action Records in the UK and the following day in the USA on Sub Pop. The album was released on vinyl CD high resolution digital download and as part of a limited edition box set. In the first week of release the album charted at number 10 in the UK Album Charts and number 2 in the Scottish Album Charts.
 Ghost Train: The Studio B Sessions is the 17th studio album of country music singer Marty Stuart. The album was long-awaited by fans of Stuart as most of the songs had already featured on The Marty Stuart Show Stuart's country/bluegrass show on RFD-TV. It was recorded in the historic RCA Studio B in Nashville which was being used by the Country Music Hall of Fame as a type of museum until Marty asked to use the Home of a Thousand Hits to record 'Ghost Train'.
 Peace is the eighth and final studio album by the British band Eurythmics released in October 1999. It was the band's first album of new material in ten years following 1989's We Too Are One.
 Dim is the fourth studio album by Japanese rock band The Gazette. It was released on July 15 2009 in Japan. It includes the three lead up singles: Guren Leech and Distress and Coma. The album scored #2 on the Oricon Daily Charts and #5 on the Oricon Weekly Charts selling 37797 copies in its first week.
 Eye 2 Eye is the title of the independently produced EP by singer/songwriter Casey Donovan. It was released on 28 November 2007 to a limited physical release with only 2000 copies printed and as of 5 December 2007 is available only through her MySpace. Plans are currently underway for a release through selected stores and online retailers as well as international sales through US company CD Baby.
 Simplemente La Verdad is a 2008 album released by Franco De Vita. The album received a Latin Grammy Award nomination for Best Singer-Songwriter Album.
 The Pulse of Persia Iranian Rhythms - Global Influences is the sophomore studio album by Ramin Rahimi released on June 29 2010 through ARC Music. Ramin Rahimi is also the Drummer of Angband a power metal/ progressive band.
 History of Modern (part I) is a 2011 EP by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark released March 2 2011 by 100% in the UK and Bright Antenna in the US. The EP was released as a Digital Download CD and 10 Record. Released after the 2011 LP History of Modern it contains remixes as well as B-Sides.
 thecontrollersphere is an EP from indie pop band of Montreal. It was made available for pre-order and instant download from Polyvinyl on March 4 2011 and was officially released on April 26 2011. The EP consists of tracks recorded along with the album False Priest.
 Never Trust a Pretty Face is the third studio album by French singer Amanda Lear released by West German label Ariola Records in 1979. The album included notable hit singles The Sphinx and Fashion Pack (Studio 54) and turned out a commercial and critical success.
 Anitta is the debut studio album by the Brazilian recording artist Anitta released on July 3 2013 by Warner Music. The album's lead single was Meiga e Abusada released in February followed by Show das Poderosas released in April.
 Moontower is a solo album by Swedish musician Dan Swanö. Dan Swanö described the album as sounding like “If Rush played death metal in the 1970s”. The album cover is a close up of Swanö's own eye.
 Cute Nan Desu! Zen Single Atsumechaimashita! 1 (℃-uteなんです!全シングル集めちゃいましたっ!①) is a compilation album by the Japanese idol group Cute released on November 18 2009.The album debuted at number 17 in the Oricon Weekly Albums Chart remaining in the chart for 2 weeks.
 Set the Twilight Reeling is the seventeenth solo album by rock musician Lou Reed. Finish Line was written as a tribute to Velvet Underground guitarist Sterling Morrison who had died the previous year.[citation needed]
 Live at the BBC is a double compact disc album by British blues rock band Fleetwood Mac recorded at various BBC radio sessions between 1967 and 1971. It contains many tracks by Fleetwood Mac which are otherwise unavailable.
 Fiesta en la Azotea: En Vivo Desde El Auditorio Nacional (English: Party on the Roof: Live From the National Auditorium) is a live DVD performance by recording artist Belinda. It was recorded at El Auditorio Nacional in Mexico City. The DVD features a full-length concert in which she performs her greatest hits like Lo Siento and Ángel as well as past hits from novelas like ¡Amigos X Siempre! Aventuras En El Tiempo and Cómplices Al Rescate.
 The first few thousand copies of Music from the Unrealized Film Script Dusk at Cubist Castle were released with this bonus CD. It consists of nine tracks of ambient sounds recorded by Olivia Tremor Control. It has been claimed that this album will produce quadraphonic sound when played in synchronicity with their first album. However the two disks differ in length by approximately five minutes rendering this an unlikely intention.
 Farewell Continental is the first extended-play release by American alternative-rock band Farewell Continental released on May 25 2009 by Paper + Plastick.
 Cut is an album by C-Tec originally released in 2000.
 Coconut Telegraph is the tenth studio album by American popular music singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett. It was released in February 1981 as MCA 5169 and was produced by Norbert Putnam.
 Never Can Say Goodbye is a 1975 debut album by Gloria Gaynor released on MGM Records in January 1975. It is most notable for including several early Disco recordings. The album charted in the US Billboard at #25 in the US Pop chart and at #21 in the US R&B chart.
 The Best of Tim Buckley is a compilation LP by Tim Buckley. It presents Buckley as a folk artist with all of the songs having been written between 1966 and 1970. The album features material from the studio albums Tim Buckley Goodbye and Hello Happy Sad and Blue Afternoon in addition to Song to the Siren from avant garde album Starsailor. This was the first new release outside of Australia after Buckley's death.
 Twilight of the Innocents is the fifth studio album by Ash released on June 29 2007 in the Republic of Ireland and July 2 2007 in the United States and the United Kingdom. The album was produced by Tim Wheeler and mixed by Michael Brauer.
 Two Minute Terror is the second studio album from the British industrial music/hard rock band Sunna. The album was released on 6 October 2009 in the United States and the United Kingdom on an independent label. It was the first album by the band in almost ten years.
 On the Road to Freedom is a 1973 album by Alvin Lee and Mylon LeFevre. Guest musicians include George Harrison Steve Winwood Jim Capaldi Mick Fleetwood and Ron Wood. It was recorded at Alvin Lee's Space Studio in August 1973 apart from the song So Sad sessions for which took place at Harrison's Friar Park studio in nearby Henley-on-Thames. The other standout tracks are On the Road to Freedom Funny Carry My Load and Rockin' 'Til the Sun Goes Down.
 Individuellos is the third album by the German band La Düsseldorf. It was shortly before the time Individuellos was released thatLa Düsseldorf's piano player Andreas Schell committed suicide. This is marked by a cross next to his credit.
 Open Mind is an album by French Jazz-Fusion artist Jean-Luc Ponty released in 1984.
 No Spiritual Surrender is a 7 EP (later released on CD) by American hardcore punk band Inside Out. It was their first and last release before their breakup in 1991.
 Light at the End of the Kennel is a 1994 EP from UK singer-songwriter Nick Harper.Track Listing:1. A Hundred Things2. Is This Really Me?3. Shadowlands4. Flying Dog5. Headless6. Riverside
 The Mastery of John Coltrane Vol. I: Feelin' Good is a compilation album by American saxophonist John Coltrane the first of a series of four compilations released on Impulse! between 1978 and 1979 all sharing the same cover artwork designed by Stuart Kusher Richard Germinaro and Vigon Nahas Vigon. It features pieces recorded in 1965 seven in studio and one live.
 Jalamanta is Brant Bjork's debut solo effort after leaving Kyuss and joining Fu Manchu. Originally released in 1999 on now defunct Man's Ruin Records label Jalamanta was re-released on Bjork's own label Duna Records in 2003 2006 and 2009.Promotional Information:From the mind of Brant Bjork (KYUSS FU MANCHU) comes a trip through the Soulful side of things. 12 tracks of ghetto vibe wonder. World renowned for his Rock drumming Brant welcomes you to his side of the tracks...
 The OF Tape Vol. 2 is the debut album of American hip hop group Odd Future released March 20 2012 on Odd Future Records. It serves as the sequel to Odd Future's 2008 debut mixtape The Odd Future Tape. The album features every member of the group with lead member Tyler The Creator and Left Brain serving as the main producers on the project. The Super 3 and Frank Ocean also received production credits.
 Awkward Diary is the third album by the Iranian alternative rock band Ahoora released by Zirzamin on 2 March 2010.
 21st Century Masters – The Millennium Collection: The Best of Danny! is a 2007 compilation album by American rapper/producer Danny! and the seventh self-released album on his vanity 1911 Music/Badenov Records label. The LP released eleven days shy of his 24th birthday features approximately five songs from each of his first four studio albums that preceded his tenure as an artist for Definitive Jux Records.
 The Places Between: The Best of Doves is a compilation album from Manchester-based indie rock band Doves. The compilation was released on 5 April 2010 in the UK via Heavenly Records and on 20 April 2010 in North America via Astralwerks Records. The album encompasses the band's entire career collecting from their 2000 debut album Lost Souls 2002's The Last Broadcast 2005's Some Cities and their 2009 album Kingdom of Rust as well as an assortment of EPs and singles.
 Instant Death is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1971 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Vanguard Visionaries is the title of a recording by American folk music and country blues artist Doc Watson released in 2007.
 The In-Kraut Vol. 2: Hip-Shaking Grooves Made in Germany 1967-1974 is the second volume in the The In-Kraut series that was released by Marina Records on compact disc and double vinyl in October 2006.The album is a collection of obscuro German pop rarities collected from various soundtracks and singles by artists who never intended to have their music released outside Germany.
 Fifth Overture is a studio album by The Adicts. It was originally released in Germany on SL Records (a division of Gama) in 1986. It was reissued by Captain Oi! in 2002 and included the tracks from the Bar Room Bop EP. The original record has become one of the Adicts' most sought after collector's items.
 Hostage Life's first LP following the 2002 release of their EP Sing for the Enemy Walking Papers has not only received positive attention from across Canada but has also spawned the single This Song Was Written By A Committee which has already seen extensive radio play on Toronto's popular CFNY radio station.The album is notable for having at least two names for each track and having the linear notes improperly inserted on the first pressing leaving the cover art on another page.The band shot videos for two tracks off this album Sons Of Hostage Life or This Name Tag Reads 'Fuck You' and This Song Was Written By A Committee or We Simply Feed These Figures Into The Melodiotron And Voila An Instant Hit . 
 Legacy is an album released in 2005 by New Zealand hip-hop group Upper Hutt Posse.
 Scissors Paper Rock! is the debut studio album by Australian comedy band The Axis of Awesome released on 2 January 2008.
 Starlite Walker is the first full-length studio album by indie-rock group Silver Jews. Released in 1994 as an LP and CD on Drag City (DC55) in America and Domino (WIG15) in Europe Starlite Walker was recorded in late June 1994 at Easley Recordings.
 Fireball Ministry released FMEP prior to their second full release The Second Great Awakening. The first three tracks appear on that release. The remaining songs are covers. Muscle Of Love was originally performed by Alice Cooper Victim Of Changes was originally performed by Judas Priest. Fortunes appears on Blue Explosion: A Tribute To Blue Cheer. Cough/Cool appears on Graven Images: A Tribute To The Misfits. Movin' Out appears on Right In The Nuts: A Tribute To Aerosmith.
 Neurodeliri is the fourth album by the Italian black/speed metal band Bulldozer released in 1988.
 Here Comes EP is an EP from the album Up from Below by Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros.
 Never Letting Go is the fourth album by singer–songwriter Phoebe Snow released in 1977 (see 1977 in music).
 The Revolution is the debut studio album by Canadian rapper Belly which was released on June 5 2007 in Canada on Capital Prophets Records Inc.. The album became a commercial success a month after its release when it was certified gold by the CRIA for shipping over 50000 copies. The lead single Pressure won Best MuchVibe video at the 2007 MuchMusic Video Awards and also peaked at #10 on the Canadian Singles Chart. Also the album won the Rap Recording of the Year at the 2008 Juno Awards.
 Country Pickin': The Don Rich Anthology is a compilation album featuring Don Rich American guitarist fiddler and long-time sideman of Buck Owens released in 2000.
 Al Green Gets Next to You is a studio album by American soul singer Al Green released August 14 1971.
 Spiral Ascent is the debut album by Indian Heavy Metal band Kryptos. The album was released on June 25 2004 through the band's own mini label Clandestine Musick. Niklas Sundin of Dark Tranquillity designed the artwork for the album cover.
 Risc vs. Reward is compilation EP from drum and bass artist Photek. It combines tracks from his previous EPs The Hidden Camera and Ni-Ten-Ichi-Ryu.
 Jamaica Say You Will is the fifth studio album by Joe Cocker released in April 1975. The songs from the album come from the same sessions that produced the highly acclaimed LP I Can Stand A Little Rain (1974). Jamaica Say You Will wasn't however as successful as its predecessor. It only reached no.
 Time for Mercy is the debut album by Canadian singer/songwriter Jann Arden released on March 5 1993. The first single was I Would Die For You which received national radio and video airplay. Its video directed by Jeth Weinrich won the Juno Award for Video of the Year at the 1994 Juno Awards.
 Stupid Dream is the fifth studio album by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree. It was first released in March 1999 and then re-released on 15 May 2006 due to the band's rising popularity on major record label Lava Records with their releases of In Absentia in 2002 and Deadwing in 2005.
 Leaders of the Free World is the third studio album from the British alternative rock band Elbow released on 12 September 2005 in the UK and 21 February 2006 in the US on the V2 record label. The Japanese version of the album (released on 7 September 2005) features two bonus tracks McGreggor and The Good Day which were both B-sides to the first single Forget Myself.
 The Weedkiller's Daughter (1993) is the second album from John & Mary.The Weedkiller's Daughter was produced by John Lombardo and Armand John Petrie and like their first album Victory Gardens features 10000 Maniacs members Rob Buck and Jerry Augustyniak.
 Merzbear is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It is the fifth part of the Merz series on Important Records.
 You is an album release in 1989 by Bob Snider.
 Just Call Me Lonesome is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb released in 1963 (see 1963 in music).
 Voliš li me ti (English: Do You Love Me) is the seventh studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Indira Radić released in 1998.
 Dingo: Selections from the Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 1992 movie of the same name. It was composed by Miles Davis and Michel Legrand.
 Recado is the fourth album by singer-songwriter Vince Bell. It was released on May 8 2007. According to Bell: Recado is a collection of messages that wind like a long dirt road through the years of my writing. There's the first song I wrote after moving to Austin written on a whore-house piano that writer-friendly Strait Music sold me for 150 bucks--delivered. There's one about taking chances in Berkeley while I collaborated with Bob Neuwirth on my first album Phoenix.
 Deux Hot Dogs Moutarde Chou is the first full-length album by the band Les Georges Leningrad. It was originally released in 2002 on the band's own Les Records Coco Cognac label. In 2003 Blow The Fuse Records reissued the album. Upon signing with Alien8 Recordings in 2004 the band re-reissued the album on May 11 to mark time for their then upcoming second album.
 Fósforos de Oxford (Portuguese for Matches from Oxford) is the only album by Brazilian post-punk band Cabine C. It was released in 1986 under RPM Discos label. RPM Discos was created by Brazilian band RPM and it was the only album to be released by them.Due to RPM's first break-up the album suffered extremely poor sales due to the lack of promotion. RPM Discos closed down as well. This made Cabine C disband (one year after its foundation).
 The 25th Hour is a studio album released by Italian band Vision Divine. The album is a conceptual work based on their past album Stream of Consciousness.
 Songs from My Heart is a studio album by American country singer Loretta Lynn.Songs from My Heart was released in 1965 on Decca Records and was the first solo album of Lynn's for 1965 (Lynn would record two). The album's one single Happy Birthday was a Top 10 Country hit that year. Like Lynn's previous albums this album has 12 recorded tracks. Cover versions of other Country hits featured here include Connie Smith's 8-week #1 hit Once a Day and Don Gibson's Oh Lonesome Me.
 Backstreet Life is the third album by rap duo Totally Insane. It was released on July 25 1995 for In-a-Minute Records and was produced by Totally Insane (Mac-10 and Ad Kapone) and the Premiere Music Group (TC Race and Reggie Smith). The album peaked at #48 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums which would prove to be the highest the group would make it on the charts. Backstreet Life was also Totally Insane's last album to make it to the charts and their last release for In-a-Minute Records.
 Intelligence and Violence is an album by Inner City Posse self-released by the group in 1990.
 Verónica Castro is the debut studio album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro. It was released in 1973and this is a 45 Vinyl LP that was used for Promotion Only and was given to Radio stations. Verónica Castro has said that this 45 was recorded when she was pregnant with her first son Cristian Castro in 1974.
 This article describes the ninth album in the U.S. Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 9 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music! 9 was released on March 19 2002. The album is the ninth edition of the (U.S.) Now! series. It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 albums chart in April 2002.
 Joy to the World: A Bluegrass Christmas is an album by the Charlie Daniels Band. It was released on October 13 2009. There is a deluxe edition that is a CD/DVD.
 Timeline is the fifth compilation album released by Richard Marx shortly after the release of Days In Avalon. It includes some of Marx's popular songs including a medley of all of Marx's singles at the time of this album's release.
 Nothing is the second EP released by Diatribe.
 23 is the third album from the Japanese duo Rythem. It is set to be released on October 1 2008 under their label Sony Music Entertainment Japan. This album contains songs from their singles Hotarubi Bitter & Sweet Kubisuji Line and their recent single Love Call/Akari no Arika.This album comes up in a regular edition (AICL-1964) and a limited edition (AICL-1962) which will contain the PV for Love Call Kubisuji Line Bitter & Sweet and some documentaries.
 Down the Road is the debut album of American country music artist Larry Stewart. It was his first solo release as he had just left his role as lead singer of the band Restless Heart one year previous. The album was released in 1993 on RCA Records Nashville and it produced three singles for him on the Billboard country charts: Alright Already at number five I'll Cry Tomorrow at number 34 and We Can Love at number 62.
 Echoes of a Friend is a 1972 live album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner released on the Milestone label. It was recorded in Japan on November 11 1972 and features Tyner in a solo piano tribute to John Coltrane. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states Few McCoy Tyner records are not easily recommended but this one even ranks above most.
 Christmas Present is a Christmas album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in late 1974 by Columbia Records. A brief blurb in Billboard magazine's Inside Track column in that year's November 23 issue revealed the album's television tie-in: 'Christmas Present' is title [sic] of Andy Williams' 11th Yule show airing on NBC-TV Dec. 11.
 George Dickel EP is the second EP by band Winnebago Deal.
 In Requiem is Paradise Lost's eleventh studio album again with Rhys Fulber on production duties.
 Look Now Look Again is the second studio CD by the indie rock band Rainer Maria.
 Life By Stereo is the second album from the Christian R&B singer J.R. released on September 11 2007. The song Not A Slave featured on a Holy Culture Radio podcast.
 Gold Collection is a 1994 double disc compilation album by American singer Frank Sinatra.A budget-priced collection featuring a haphazard song selection and poor fidelity The Frank Sinatra Gold Collection provides neither an effective introduction to the Voice nor a representative selection of performances making it a disc to avoid.[citation needed]
 Gentleman cambrioleur is the fifth studio album by Canadian singer Garou and his sixth album overall. This is Garou's first cover album covering songs from artists such as Jacques Dutronc. The title refers to fictional character Arsene Lupin who was often referred as Gentleman Cambrioleu (Gentleman Thief in French).
 After Dark is the second full-length album and first real live album by The Make-Up. Their first one Destination: Love was recorded within a studio setting it was done so with an eye towards spontaneity and improvisation. Live sounds were later mixed into the studio recording to reflect this.
 III is the third album released by the R&B band The S.O.S. Band on the Tabu label in November 1982. It was produced by Ricky Sylvers and Gene Dozier.
 Rock Salt and Nails is the debut album by Steve Young. It is a pioneering Country rock/Outlaw country album that was recorded in 1969 with guest musicians Gram Parsons Gene Clark and James Burton.
 Whistle Stop is a jazz studio album by Kenny Dorham featuring performances by acclaimed musicians Hank Mobley Kenny Drew Paul Chambers and Philly Joe Jones. It was recorded in January 1961 at Van Gelder Studio in Englewood Cliffs and was originally released on Blue Note Records as BST 84063 and BLP 4063. In 1975 Blumenthal states in the CD liner notes five British critics picked Whistle Stop as one of 200 albums that belonged in a basic library of jazz recorded after World War II.
 Back into the Darkness is the fifth album by Tito & Tarantula released in 2008.
 Jaszczurka (meaning lizard in Polish) is the first studio album by Polish trip hop singer Pati Yang. The album was released by Sony Music Poland on 1 June 1998.
 The Far East Suite is an album by Duke Ellington and his orchestra recorded in New York City on 19 December to 21 December 1966. The nine compositions on the original album were all composed by Ellington and Billy Strayhorn (except for one by Ellington); a 1995 reissue added four previously unreleased alternative takes. In 2003 Bluebird Records issued the album as a Digipak CD with additional bonus takes.
 Them vs. You vs. Me is the fifth full-length studio album from Canadian alternative rock band Finger Eleven. The album was initially rumoured to be titled Sense of a Spark. The album was released on March 6 2007. As of May 17 2008 the album has sold 650342 copies in the US and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.The album won the 2008 Juno Award for Rock Album of the Year.
 BLAU is the debut album of Aoi Eir.
 ¡Alarma! is a 1981 album by rock band Daniel Amos released on Newpax Records.¡Alarma! released weeks after the band's the Beatles- and The Beach Boys-influenced Horrendous Disc took a decidedly New Wave direction along the lines of Elvis Costello or Talking Heads.Lyrically the album contains social commentary so harsh that CCM described it as perhaps the most scathing ever put out by a Christian label.¡Alarma! was the first of a four part series of albums by DA entitled The ¡Alarma! Chronicles which also included the albums Doppelgänger Vox Humana and Fearful Symmetry. 
 That's What You Get Babe is the ninth studio album by Kevin Ayers and his final recording for Harvest. Ayers had retired to Deià Spain directly after 1978's Rainbow Takeaway and That's What You Get Babe was his first public appearance in two years.
 Wild Card is an album by New Zealand band The Warratahs released in 1990.
 Coming Alive is the first studio album from Christian singer-songwriter Casey Darnell. It was released on June 21 2011 by North Point Music. The producer on the album was Steve Fee. This album saw commercial charting successes.
 Espejos del Alma is the 15th studio album by Mexican pop singer Yuri. It was released in 1995.She earned a Gold disc.[1].
 We Three is an album recorded by American drummer Roy Haynes with Phineas Newborn and Paul Chambers in 1958 for the New Jazz label.
 One of 18 Angels is a 2000 album by Diary of Dreams.
 Attera Orbis Terrarum – Part II is the second of the two-part Attera Orbis Terrarum series of live DVDs by Swedish black metal band Dark Funeral. This part accounts for the South American leg of the Attera Orbis Terrarum tour in October 2006 and also includes amateur footage filmed in both North America and South America.
 Everything Is Everything is the first studio album by American soul artist Donny Hathaway which was released on July 1 1970 on the Atco label. The album was Hathaway's first release after being signed to Atlantic in 1969. Hathaway had already built a reputation early in his life first as a gospel crooner as a child under the name Donny Pitts. Raised in St. Louis with religious influences his grandmother Martha Crumwell was herself an accomplished gospel singer and guitarist.
 The Great Silver Eye: An Anthology is a compilation album by Portuguese gothic metal band Moonspell released on June 29 2007. The album contains the band's most well known songs.
 Roxy Music is the debut studio album by art rock band Roxy Music. It was released on 16 June 1972. It was generally well received by contemporary critics and made it to No. 10 in the UK Albums Chart.[citation needed]
 Album II as its title indicates is the second album from Loudon Wainwright III. It was released in 1971 on Atlantic Records.
 Collected Works is a compilation album of the 58 songs in the five Simon and Garfunkel albums: Wednesday Morning 3 A.M. Sounds of Silence Parsley Sage Rosemary and Thyme Bookends and Bridge Over Troubled Water. Originally released in 1981 as a 5-LP box set it was reissued as a 3-CD set in 1990. The collection was succeeded in 2001 by The Columbia Studio Recordings (1964–1970) which includes several bonus tracks in addition to the original album contents.
 Errors in Calculating Odds Errors in Calculating Value is the fourth album release by indie rock outfit Shorthand Phonetics. It is a concept album which represents the first draft of fictional character Hanabishi Hideaki's debut novel entitled Errors in Calculating Odds Errors in Calculating Value
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Waylon Jennings released in 1979 by RCA Records. It documents Jennings' outlaw country years for RCA and includes several of his most well-known signature songs the most recent of which had been the title track of I've Always Been Crazy released the year before. Not counting the Mackintosh & T.J.
 Cenotaph is an EP by Bolt Thrower. Track 1 and 2 are recorded at Slaughterhouse studios in September 1990 Track 3 is recorded at Slaugherhouse studios in July 1989. All three are produced by Colin Richardson and Bolt Thrower. Track 4 is recorded live at Kilbum National November 16 1989. It is a rough audience recording [...] that we feel captures the atmosphere of the Grindcrusher Tour. It is released on Earache: Mosh 33 in 1990 and is deleted now.
 No Cause for Concern is the first studio album by Vice Squad. It was originally released in 1981 by Zonophone a division of EMI. Although it wasn't released by Riot City Records the band decided to use the Riot City name as it was a label they founded. It was later re-released by Dojo with two bonus tracks and Captain Oi! with the same two bonus tracks and six more tracks.
 14 Klassiker is a greatest hits album by Army of Lovers released in 2003 only in Sweden by Universal. It contains 14 of the bands biggest hits.It uses the same cover as Les Greatest Hits but with a different background.
 Dea is the first full-length album by the Russian Power Metal band Catharsis. It was released in 2001 by Irond. The album was the most commercially successful Russian metal release of 2001. It was released internationally in 2002 by Hammer Müzik. In 2004 the album together with the Febris Erotica EP was re-released by Irond.
 Anisiho Vlemma is an album by the Greek singer Mando released in Greece in 1994 by Minos EMI. It contained hits like Dyo Filia Nyhterina Aporo and Erimin as well as the mid-tempo ballad Theli Anemo I Agapi. For the first time in her career Mando composed many of the songs on the album. The album also includes the duet Adiorthoti Agapi with singer Dimitris Mitropanos.
 iTunes Live from Montreal is a digital download-only album from Joseph Arthur released exclusively worldwide on iTunes on April 21 2009. The show was recorded at Joseph's solo in-store performance at the Apple Store in Montréal Canada on October 21 2008. Traditionally all of Joseph's live shows are recorded as a soundboard recording and then burned onto CD-R and sold at his shows.
 Dust is the sixth solo studio album by English musician Peter Murphy. It was released on 23 April 2002 through Metropolis Records.
 Oi Oi Oi is the debut album by Boys Noize released in September 2007.
 Phantom Power is a 1990 album by Rick Wakeman. It was written as a modern soundtrack for a re-release of the 1925 silent film The Phantom of the Opera.
 Don't Wait is the first solo studio album released by Adie on September 26 2006.
 Well Deserved Obscurity is the third studio album by the American country music duo The Warren Brothers. It was released in 2004 via 429 Records. The album followed two charting singles on BNA Records: Hey Mr. President and Break the Record which respectively reached #28 and #54 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. Sell a Lot of Beer was the first single from Well Deserved Obscurity reaching #51.
 Mickey Hart's Mystery Box is an album by former Grateful Dead drummer Mickey Hart. It was released on CD and cassette by Rykodisc Records on June 11 1996. The album combines Hart's percussion-based world music with the vocal harmonies of the British singing sextet the Mint Juleps. Robert Hunter wrote the lyrics for all the songs.The song Only the Strange Remain was later performed live by the Other Ones and appears on their album The Strange Remain.
 Big Bang 2 is South Korean boy band Big Bang's third Japanese album. It was released on May 11 2011.The album has had three singles to date: Koe o Kikasete Tell Me Goodbye and Beautiful Hangover. Koe o Kikasete and Tell Me Goodbye managed to chart within the top five in the Japanese Oricon charts and Beautiful Hangover managed to chart in the top ten.
 Jade Warrior—the debut self-titled and self-produced album by Jade Warrior released in 1971 as one of the earlier albums of the psychedelic progressive rock movement.
 Anchored in Love: A Tribute to June Carter Cash is a tribute album released in 2007 featuring various country music artists performing songs performed in any part by June Carter Cash including songs with Johnny Cash and the Carter Family. The album was produced by Johnny and June's only son John Carter Cash.
 Juan Condori is an album by Argentine musician Dino Saluzzi recorded in 2005 and released on the ECM label.
 Philadelphonic (1999) was the fourth album by G. Love & Special Sauce released in 1999.
 Blonde dans la Casbah is Biyouna's second album released in January 2007. Its most prominent song is single Une Blonde Platine dans la Casbah a song dedicated to Biyouna's mother which has since gone to number one in several countries.
 MoveMeant is the debut studio album by Swedish-Congolese R&B recording artist Mohombi. It was released on February 28 2011 on RedOne's joint venture with Universal 2101 Records. It was preceded by the lead single Bumpy Ride on August 24 2010. Mohombi has described the sound of the album as pop music with African influences.
 Excalibur was Tom Fogerty's second solo album.
 The Boxer is the debut solo album by Kele Okereke the lead singer of British indie rock band Bloc Party. Okereke released the album under the professional name of Kele on 21 June 2010. As promotion he uploaded the songs Rise and Walk Tall to his personal website on 13 May. The first single from The Boxer was Tenderoni released on 14 June and the second Everything You Wanted on 16 August.
 Santa Barbara Honeymoon is the tenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch released in 1975.
 Christmas with The Brady Bunch (also known as Merry Christmas from The Brady Bunch) is an album released by Paramount Records in 1970. It was re-issued by MCA Records in 1995. As its title suggests the album consists of Christmas standards performed by the children who played the kids on the sitcom The Brady Bunch. It is one of two Brady Bunch albums currently in print the other being It's a Sunshine Day: The Best of The Brady Bunch.
 Domain of Death is the third full-length studio album by the band Mortician. The album was recorded and mixed July 2000 and features cover artwork by Wes Benscoter.
 BIOS is the third album of the Costa Rican music group Gandhi.
 Curse Your Little Heart is an EP from the band DeVotchKa released by Ace Fu in 2006. Five out of the six tracks are cover versions of other bands' songs with the title track first appearing on the album SuperMelodrama.
 An Education in Rebellion is the debut album of American metal band The Union Underground. Released on July 18 2000 through Columbia the album sold nearly 400000 copies and featured the singles Turn Me On 'Mr. Deadman' Revolution Man and Killing the Fly. This would be the group's only major label effort and last studio album before disbanding.
 Party is the first CD/DVD set from American comedian Nick Swardson. It was released on October 23 2007 and later certified platinum status on May 26 2009. It was also produced on the Comedy Central Records label by Adam Sandler's production company Happy Madison.
 La bohème is an album by French-Armenian singer Charles Aznavour released in 1966.
 Headfirst Into Everything is the third studio album by the Canadian rock band Mystery Machine.
 The Skull is the second album by the American doom metal band Trouble released in 1985. It was the follow-up to their 1984 classic debut Psalm 9.Trouble gained critical recognition for The Skull and a successful tour followed. However the album reflected singer Eric Wagner's struggles with substance abuse as well as growing turmoil within the group. This led to the departure of bassist Sean McAllister; he was replaced by Ron Holzner who would remain with the band until their 2002 reunion.
 Hardcore Will Never Die But You Will is the seventh studio album by Scottish post-rock band Mogwai released in the UK and Europe on 14 February 2011 by Rock Action Records and in the US on 15 February 2011 by Sub Pop.The album's cover art is a photo of New York City as seen from the Hudson River. The inspiration for the closing track's title You're Lionel Richie comes from what a hungover Stuart Braithwaite said when he ran into the singer at an airport.
 Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters is the soundtrack to the 1985 film Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters. It features music written by Philip Glass and performed by among others Kronos Quartet.
 LL77 is the debut 1994 album by Lisa Lisa. It is the first solo album from Lisa Lisa without her band Cult Jam.
 Tio vackra visor och Personliga Person (English: Ten Beautiful Songs and Personal Person) is the fourth studio album by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk. The album contains some of Vreeswijk's famous songs such as Somliga går med trasiga skor Felicia - adjö and Deirdres samba.
 The Complete Collection and Then Some... is a four-disc and one video greatest hits compilation by American pop singer Barry Manilow. It features 70 tracks including unreleased songs and five new recordings. It was certified RIAA gold. Originally released in 1992 with a VHS cassette this box set was re-released on September 6 2005 with a DVD replacing the tape.
 Implosions is the second album by composer Stephan Micus released in 1977 through JAPO Records.
 Kelly Kelekidou is the debut album of popular Greek singer Kelly Kelekidou. It was released in Greece in December 2005 by Sony BMG Greece.
 Suffer is the third album by American punk rock band Bad Religion released on the Californian independent record label Epitaph Records on September 8 1988. It was the first album that was both released and distributed by the label.
 Toshiko–Mariano Quartet (in West Side) is a jazz album by pianist Toshiko Akiyoshi and alto saxophonist Charlie Mariano and was recorded in Tokyo in 1963 and released on the Nippon Columbia/Takt label. A slightly different version titled East and West was released by Victor (Japan). This album is not to be confused with the 1961 Candid recording The Toshiko–Mariano Quartet.
 Vincent LaGuardia Gambini Sings Just For You is the second studio album from actor and singer Joe Pesci.
 The House of Atreus Act II released in 2000 is the tenth studio album by the American heavy metal band Virgin Steele. It was released as a double CD album. This album is the second and final part of a metal opera inspired by the Oresteia a trilogy of Greek tragedies written by Aeschylus which concerns the end of the curse on the House of Atreus. The music was intended to be the soundtrack for theatrical shows with actors impersonating the characters of the tragedy.
 Oscar Peterson Plays Harold Arlen is an album by Canadian jazz pianist Oscar Peterson released in 1955.
 Good By Sunday is the sixth album by the Filipino Band 6 Cyclemind released under Universal Records and Soupstar Music on June 9 2012. This is the first album that does not feature Ney Dimaculangan who departed ways with the band after there previous album and gone solo. The album also features new sessionists to fill up the missing band members who departed ways with the band going for other options.
 Be Used To (Chinese: 習慣) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Genie Chuo's (Chinese: 卓文萱) second Mandarin studio album.
 Heartless Crew Presents Crisp Biscuit Vol 1 is a compilation album by the Heartless Crew released in 2002 (see 2002 in music) featuring the MC members of Heartless Crew toasting on several of the tracks.
 Metallica Through the Never is a soundtrack album for the film of the same name consisting of songs recorded by American heavy metal band Metallica. It was released on September 24 2013 via Blackened Recordings and has charted in several countries.All tracks on the soundtrack are live recordings from the 2012 Canadian shows Metallica performed for the Through the Never film shoot with the exception of Orion that was recorded live at soundcheck.
 What Goes On is a box set by The Velvet Underground. It was originally released in 1993 by Australian record company Raven Records.
 Carry the Meek is the debut album by Irish band Ham Sandwich released in 2008 with success in their native Republic of Ireland.
 Steelbath Suicide is the debut full-length studio album from the melodic death metal band Soilwork. The record was released on May 20 1998 through Listenable and Century Media labels. The original release has two Japanese bonus tracks Disintegrated Skies and Burn a Deep Purple cover. Century Media re-released the album in 2000 with different cover art and a live track of Sadistic Lullabye.This album is a firm example of the band's immediate roots in Swedish death metal.
 Bare Bones is a 2010 acoustic live album by Canadian rock singer Bryan Adams.The album was certified gold in India.
 A Cat May Look at a Queen is an album by Franklin Bruno. It was released in October 2002 on the Absolutely Kosher label.
 Heroes for Sale is the first studio album by American Christian hip hop artist Andy Mineo released on April 16 2013. It follows up Mineo's 2011 mixtape Formerly Known. Considered one of the most anticipated Christian hip hop albums of 2013 Heroes for Sale includes features from Lecrae Trip Lee KB Christon Gray Krizz Kaliko and for KING & COUNTRY among others.
 Greatest! is the fourth album by country singer Johnny Cash released on Sun Records on 12 January 1959 (see 1959 in music). It was Cash's third record on the label which he had left the previous year to join Columbia Records. By the time the album was released Cash had already recorded The Fabulous Johnny Cash his first album with Columbia. The tracks on Greatest! were recorded between July 1955 and July 1958.
 Desiring God is a Contemporary Christian music album released by Steve Camp in 2002. This was a self-released album through his Audience One ministry and is Steve's final release. Per standard practice on Camp's later albums this album includes a remake of a song he previously recorded in this case one of his earliest songs If I Were A Singer (from his 1978 debut release) while the song Head of a Broken Home related to his then-recent divorce.
 Puddle Dive is the fourth studio album by singer-songwriter Ani DiFranco released in 1993. (see 1993 in music).
 Angles is the debut album by dan le sac vs Scroobius Pip released on 12 May 2008. It entered and peaked at #31 on the UK album chart. Most of the album was recorded in a friend of Scroobius Pip's shed in Essex and in dan le sac's back bedroom.
 Pacifier is the fifth full length album released by New Zealand band Shihad. At the time of the release they were performing under the name Pacifier due to the similarity of the word Shihad to jihad. Released in 2002 tracks such as Run and Bullitproof went on to become hit singles. Bullitproof peaked at #27 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks and #37 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks. However it still failed to break the band into the United States.
 Kao u snu – EKV Live 1991 is the third live album by Serbian rock band Ekatarina Velika released in 2001. It was recorded at the band's concert held on December 13 1991 in Dom omladine in Belgrade which was a part of the Dum Dum album promotional tour.
 Balls in the Great Meat Grinder Collection is an anthology by Oxbow released in 1992 through Pathological Records. It collects the bands first two LPs Fuckfest and King of the Jews on a single CD.
 Beyond the Cursed Eclipse is the debut album by the American symphonic black metal band Vesperian Sorrow. The songs Twilight of Azrael and Windswept have an opening sample taken from a play of the Artus-saga. The song Twilight of Azrael refers to Azrael the angel of death.
 Spectral Visions of Mental Warfare is the seventh full-length album of the black metal band Nargaroth.
 Stromata is Charlotte Martin's follow up to On Your Shore and her second full-length release on her own label.The title is derived from The connective tissue framework of an organ gland or other structure as distinguished from the tissues performing the special function of the organ or part. When I finished the actual song I found the word stromata first of all. I'd been researching intelligent science space and time travel the eleven dimensions of God and all this crazy stuff.
 Buried in the Front Yard is the debut full-length studio album by thrash metal band Rumpelstiltskin Grinder.
 The Virtual EP is an EP from Ten Second Epic. It was released October 14 2008 on Black Box Recordings. It is only available for download on the iTunes Store. The songs Life Times and Yours to Lose were later released on Hometown. This EP also features new versions of two songs from their previous album Count Yourself In.
 Showroom of Compassion is the sixth full-length studio album from the band Cake which was released on January 11 2011. Produced by the band it is the band's first studio album to be independently released. The musical style of Showroom of Compassion is grounded in the band's unique style of alternative rock combining droll often esoteric lyrics rife with word play and syncopation catchy distorted guitar riffs complex bass patterns Moog and prominent use of trumpet.
 Into the Blue Again is the fourth album by The Album Leaf released in 2006.
 Phil Stacey is the self-titled debut album of American country music singer Phil Stacey released on April 29 2008 on Lyric Street Records. The album debuted on the Billboard 200 at No. 43 with 13000 sold for the week. IT has sold 40000 copies as of March 2009.
 Canadian Sunset is a compilation album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in the spring of 1965 by Columbia Records.
 Crush.Fukk.Create: Requiem for Generation Armageddon is the first live DVD by Polish extreme metal band Behemoth.
 Major Label Debut is also a song by Broken Social SceneMajor Label Debut is a 1998 EP by the Chicago punk rock band Screeching Weasel. Despite the name the EP was the first release on Panic Button Records lead singer Ben Weasel's independent record label. A different recording of the song Nightbreed would later appear on the band's rarities album Thank You Very Little while Racist Society would later appear on the greatest hits album Weasel Mania.
 Apparition is the second EP by the progressive metal band The Contortionist. It was self-released by the band on September 24 2009. The release shows the band's first move towards a more technical death metal sound while their debut EP Shapeshifter showed a more traditional deathcore sound. It is also the last release with Dave Hoffman on vocals with Jonathan Carpenter joining afterwards to fill in the spot.
 King of Skiffle is a musical album by Lonnie Donegan. A CD version of the album was released in the UK on 18 February 1998 by Castle Music. The CD was also released by Pickwick under the title The Best of Lonnie Donegan.The first single from the album that was released was a version of Lead Belly's Rock Island Line.
 Volatile is the debut album by American metalcore band A Hero A Fake released on October 28 2008 through Victory Records. A music video for the album's single I Know I was produced by Scott Hansen and premiered on MTV2 on February 21 2009.
 Mlah is the debut album by Les Négresses Vertes released in 1988.
 Andy Williams' Best is a compilation album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released late in 1961 by Cadence Records.
 Reincarnated is the twelfth studio album by American recording artist Snoop Lion (previously known as Snoop Dogg). The album was released on April 23 2013 under Berhane Sound System Mad Decent Vice Records and RCA Records. The album is his departure from hip hop and his debut in the reggae genre. The album's production was handled mainly by Diplo and his group Major Lazer.The album features guest appearances from Drake Chris Brown Busta Rhymes Akon Rita Ora Mavado Popcaan Mr.
 Surfing Strange is the second full-length album by Swearin'.
 Parallel Flaming is an album by Djen Ajakan Shean and Vidna Obmana released in 1994 through Multimood.
 Rock @ Roll is the seventh album by the Croatian rock band Aerodrom released through Croatia Records in 2007. The album marked the band's 30th anniversary which they celebrated at a New Year's Eve concert in Ban Jelačić Square in Zagreb. Jurica Pađen wrote all of the music and lyrics except for Fait Accompli a song co-written with Branimir Štulić and dedicated to John Lennon. Rock @ Roll was recorded as a trio with new drummer Slavko Pintarić 'Pišta'.
 Si monvmentvm reqvires circvmspice is a 2004 album by the black metal band Deathspell Omega. The album title is Latin for 'If you seek his monument look around you' from the epitaph of Christopher Wren's tomb at St Paul's Cathedral.Musically it represents a massive departure in sound from the band's previous work both for the increase in recording quality and for the pursuit of far more avant-garde and experimental directions than the band's previous work.
 Snailking is the second album by the Italian experimental metal band Ufomammut released in 2004.
 Espíritu Libre is the fifteenth studio album of Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario. It was released on September 3 1996.
 Night Flight is an album by composer arranger and conductor Gil Fuller featuring saxophonist James Moody recorded in 1965 and originally released on the Pacific Jazz label. The album was rereleased on CD combined with Gil Fuller & the Monterey Jazz Festival Orchestra featuring Dizzy Gillespie (Pacific Jazz 1965) on the Blue Note label as Gil Fuller & the Monterey Jazz Festival Orchestra featuring Dizzy Gillespie & James Moody in 2008.
 The Cancer Empire is the second major label release by Swedish metal band Zonaria and the first to be released on their new label Century Media Records. It was recorded at Studio Fredman with Fredrik Nordström. Commented singer Simon Berglund:
 ScandiRara is the tile of the second EP released by the American singer-songwriter Moxiie. The EP was released for free download on August 20 2013.
 One One One is the sixth studio album by the Norwegian band Shining released through Universal on April 8 2013 LP (602537355495) and Indie Recordings on June 7 2013 CD (INDIE108CD).
 The Elephant Table Album: a compilation of difficult music was a 1983 compilation album released on Xtract Records. The double album was compiled by music journalist Dave Henderson following a series of articles by him in Sounds the British music paper. It was reissued on CD by the same label in 1989 but with the tracks sourced from the vinyl release rather than the master tape and the number of tracks reduced from 21 to 17.
 Rock & Roll Machine was the second album by Canadian hard rock band Triumph released in 1977. The album was released on RCA Records in the US in 1978 and again on MCA Records (MCA-1455) in 1980. The album resulted in the band's first hit single a cover version of Joe Walsh's Rocky Mountain Way. Depending on the country of issue the album may also be named Rock and Roll Machine or Rock 'N' Roll Machine.
 Described as danceable melancholia for the depressed Indie Rock Blues is an uninterrupted mix of songs from various rock groups remixed by Joe Beats. The album was originally released on Arbied in 2005. In 2006 24-7 Records released a vinyl version of it.
 Count on Me (Korean: 믿어줄래) is the first extended play by Korean-American singer Jay Park. The album was released in digital and physical format by July 13 2010. The EP is a rendition of B.o.B's hit song Nothin' on You which Park made a cover of on YouTube.
 Nuestro Show No Puede Parar is the second album by Mexican Pop singer Angélica Vale. It was released in 1990.
 The Beginning is the fifth studio album by rapper Trae. It was released on October 14 2008. Guests features include Slim Thug Dallas Paul Wall Khujo of Goodie Mob Z-Ro Jay'ton and more.
 The VIIth Coming is the seventh full-length album by British doom metal band Cathedral. It was released in 2002.
 Cancel/Sing is a two-song EP released by the indie rock band Karate in the spring of 2002; the album was produced with Karate's usual label Southern Records. Composed of so few songs — the eponymous Cancel and Sing—the EP marks a further venture into the jazz-inspired extended improvisations already apparent in Karate's live shows and vocalist Geoff Farina's solo work.
 Préliminaires is a 2009 album by Iggy Pop released on June 2 2009 and inspired by Michel Houellebecq's novel La Possibilité d'une île (The Possibility of an Island).Unlike his previous works the album is less rock-oriented and was said by Pop to be quieter album with some jazz overtones with its sound influenced by New Orleans jazz artists such as Louis Armstrong and Jelly Roll Morton.
 Inside the Dream Syndicate Vol. I: Day of Niagara or simply Day of Niagara is a 1965 album by the minimalist music group the Theatre of Eternal Music aka The Dream Syndicate. Contributors include future Velvet Underground bassist John Cale original Velvet Underground drummer Angus Maclise composers La Monte Young and Tony Conrad and Marian Zazeela.
 Dragon Ball Z: Music Fantasy (ドラゴンボールＺミュージックファンタジー Doragon Bōru Zetto Musaiku Fantajī) is an image soundtrack of the anime Dragon Ball Z. It was released by Forte Music Entertainment on January 21 1995 in Japan only. This album features synthesized music. Like Digital Dragon Ball it contains medleys of the opening and closing theme songs from both Dragon Ball and Dragon Ball Z. However it also contains three exclusive vocal tracks.
 Así Es is the third album of Latin rap artist Gerardo. It was released on May 31 1994 this time on EMI Records.Musically the album features the same mixture of rap songs with some containing elements of salsa music. But unlike his two previous efforts Así Es is his first album to be composed entirely of songs in Spanish.Videos were filmed for Arroz con Carne and María Elisa. Arroz con Carne got a moderate level of success.
 Shine We Are! is the third mini-album by Korean singer BoA released on December 4 2003. Some of her tracks contain Korean versions of her Japanese songs; the last track in the album features the Irish band Westlife.
 Under the Influence is the first major label album by the American singer/songwriter Terra Naomi.
 Kings of Punk is the title of the third release and first LP by hardcore punk band Poison Idea released in 1986 through Pushead's Pusmort Records label. It was re-released by Reflex/Wolfpack Records in 2003 on a limited vinyl pressing.
 Odyssey: The Definitive Collection is a 2003 compilation album of works by Greek electronic composer and artist Vangelis. It includes two unreleased tracks being the opening theme from Cavafy and a new composition called Celtic Dawn. All tracks were remastered.
 Day Job is Suburban Legends' fifth album released on April 3 2012. Aaron Bertram Brian Robertson Derek Rock and Vincent Walker appeared on local online radio program TNN Radio to announce the album on February 18 2012.The band's first full-length album since 2008's Let's Be Friends and Slay the Dragon Together Day Job has been heavily promoted by band as a fully ska album following several releases that explored disco funk and pop rock.
 Withering to Death. (stylized Withering to death.) is the fifth studio album released by Dir En Grey. Initially published in Japan on March 9 2005 it later became the band's first album to be officially released in both Europe North America and South Korea. In June 2006 Withering to Death. reached number 42 on Billboard's Top Heatseekers chart. Amazon.com included Withering to Death.
 Superman III: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack based on the film Superman III features contributions by Ken Thorne and various artists and was released in 1983.
 The Game Is Thick Vol. 2 is a 2004 album by Hyphy Bay Area rapper Mac Dre. The album was released just 13 days before an unknown assailant began shooting at the vehicle Hicks had been riding in while driving on a freeway in Kansas City Missouri. The driver crashed and was able to get to a phone to call 911 but Hicks was pronounced dead at the scene from a bullet wound there have also been no leads as to who the perpetrator was; and the case currently remains unsolved.
 Olympia is an EP recorded by The Maybes?. It was released on 16 October 2006 (2006-10-16) in the United Kingdom by Xtra Mile Recordings. The picture on the cover is of one of the iron statues in Antony Gormley's Another Place attraction located on Crosby Beach Merseyside.
 Live at Lollapalooza 2003 is the first in a series of live Incubus albums and was released by the band in 2003. All series proceeds go to the band's charitable arm the Make Yourself Foundation.The band performed favorites from their studio albums S.C.I.E.N.C.E. Make Yourself and Morning View but there were several other treats for fans in this concert.
 This Bliss is the second album by the German minimal techno artist Pantha du Prince. It was released on January 29 2007. Two of the tracks Urlichten and Walden 2 had been released prior to the album on the Lichten/Walden 12 single. It was named the 55th best album of the decade by Resident Advisor. The New York Times critic Jon Caramanica described This Bliss as Pantha du Prince's high-water mark a pensive slender and tough album.
 Holiday is Roberta Flack's second holiday album although it is just a re-release of her previous Christmas album from 1997 minus the song As Long as There's Christmas.
 Crooked is Kristin Hersh's eighth studio album produced by Hersh. The album was released in the form of a book containing song lyrics artwork and a code to download the music digitally.
 Winter Kill is the debut album released in 1985 by the band Slauter Xstroyes. This was the only album the band released until 1999 when the album Free The Beast was released and Winter Kill itself was re-released.
 In High Definition also known as Ultra-Octa-Doom is the first live album and 16th album overall by rapper Kool Keith. The album was released on May 29 2007 for 2B1 Records and was produced by Kool Keith Kutmasta Kurt and DJ Bootleg. A DVD of Keith's concert performances was included with the album.
 A.D.D. (Audio Day Dream) is the debut studio album by Blake Lewis the runner-up on the sixth season of American Idol. It was released in the United States and Canada on December 4 2007. The first single is Break Anotha and was released to radio on October 30. The album did not leak as other artists' albums generally do instead appeared in full first within the Free Full CD Listening Parties section on AOL.com on December 3 the day before the release.
 In Thugz We Trust is the debut collaboration album by American rappers C-Bo and Yukmouth (together known as the supergroup Thug Lordz). The album was released March 30 2004 on West Coast Mafia Records and Smoke-A-Lot Records. It peaked at number 63 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 47 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers.
 Scrapbook is an EP and the first physical release by electro-pop band The Limousines It was released in late 2009 on dual 7″ white vinyl gatefold with a passcode for an MP3 download. It was limited pressing of 500 hand numbered copies the first 50 people who ordered were also sent polaroid photographs shot by the band and all pre-orders were signed by the band.
 The Best of the Pointer Sisters is the first compilation album released by the Pointer Sisters on the ABC/Blue Thumb record label in July 1976. It includes their biggest hits up to that point such as Yes We Can Can Fairytale and How Long. The album also included the new single You Gotta Believe which was produced by Norman Whitfield and featured in the 1976 film Car Wash and on its soundtrack.
 Dance is King Remix Collection (Chinese: 舞者為王混音極選) is the first Mandarin remix album by the Taiwanese Mandopop artist Show Luo. It was released on 15 May 2010 by Gold Typhoon (Taiwan) with a bonus DVD containing a 40 minute Show Luo New York documentary.
 Songs of Love and Loss is the 11th compilation album by English folk/rock singer-songwriter Roy Harper
 Like a Stranger is the second studio album by freestyle music singer Johnny O released in 1990 by Micmac Records label.Three singles were released from the album the first of which Dreamboy / Dreamgirl a duet with singer Cynthia peaked at number 53 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 The Streets The Sounds and The Love is the first full length CD released by New Atlantic. It was produced by Casey Bates and Bobby Darling of Gatsby's American Dream. This CD also features a guest appearance from Will Pugh of Cartel.
 Live From Nowhere Volume 1 is a live album by Over the Rhine released in 2006 containing highlights from the band's 2004 and 2005 annual Christmas tours. The CD was limited to 3000 copies and comes in a fold-out digipak. After the CD pressing had sold out the band made the album available digitally through various online retailers.
 Fifteenth: After All These Years is an extensive DVD by Bomb Factory. It contains 23 live performances 8 music videos 40 photos and one bonus video with interviews and commentary scattered throughout the live and bonus footage.The live Puke has commentary at the end in Japanese. Track 13 contains two versions of Slickdrive the first is video from a recording studio the second is the official music video. When the Wind Blows contains footage of their tour in the United States.
 Together Always was a 1972 studio album by Porter Wagoner and Dolly Parton. It contained their hit Lost Forever in Your Kiss which reached the U.S. country top ten and the title track which reached #14. The humorous Ten Four Over and Out exploited the C.B. radio craze a few years before it became a major phenomeon in the USA. The album features liner notes written by both Wagoner and Parton in their own handwriting reproduced.
 Prelusion is the first album R&B singer Patrice Rushen. The first of three albums she would record with Prestige Records the album was mainly Instrumental jazz which was her main focus as a singer before becoming a full-time R&B singer four years later after signing with Elektra Records.
 Smyrneika Ke Laika (Greek: Σμυρναίικα και λαϊκά) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Tolis Voskopoulos. It was released in March 1976 by Minos EMI in Greece.
 As Serious As A Heart-Attack is an album by Melvin Van Peebles. The album's cover can be briefly glimpsed on the bathroom door in the 1973 film version of Van Peebles' musical Don't Play Us Cheap.
 Songs I Heard (2001) is an album by Harry Connick Jr with his take on songs from movies he remembers watching as a child. The album features tunes from Annie The Sound of Music Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory Mary Poppins and The Wizard of Oz. The album is arranged orchestrated and conducted by Harry Connick Jr.Winner of the 2002 Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album Songs I Heard was released on the same date as his album 30.
 Live Kreation is a two-disc live album by German thrash metal band Kreator. Released in 2003 by Steamhammer Records it contains 24 tracks recorded at various points during the band's extensive 2001-2002 tour. A limited edition digibook was also released featuring exclusive 36 pages deluxe color booklet. It was also released as limited boxset containing this 2CD a poster and the DVD Revisioned Glory.
 Plains of the Purple Buffalo released in June 27 2011 is the second studio album by *shels.
 The Great Otis Redding Sings Soul Ballads simply referred to as Soul Ballads or Sings Soul Ballads is the second studio album by American soul singer-songwriter Otis Redding released in 1965. The album was one of the first issued by Volt Records a sub-label of Stax Records and Redding's first on the new label. Like Redding's debut Pain in My Heart Soul Ballads features both soul classics and originals written by Redding and other Stax Records recording artists.
 Music Detected is the sixth album by the musical group Deep Forest. The record was released on May 14 2002 via Saint George label.
 Oblique is an album by jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson. The album was originally recorded in 1967 and first issued as catalog number GXF-3061 in Japan in 1980. It was remastered and re-released on CD as a part of the Rudy Van Gelder Edition in 2005 with a different cover artwork.
 Because I Was in Love is the debut album by American singer–songwriter Sharon Van Etten. The album was released May 26 2009 on Language of Stone. The album received a rating of 7.7 from Pitchfork Media adding: Van Etten keeps the album's arrangements minimal and direct augmenting her voice and guitar with only the occasional splash of organ brushed cymbals or multi-tracked vocal harmonies.
 One Half of a Whole Decade is a DJ mix album released by Ministry of Sound in 1996. It celebrates five years of the Ministry of Sound and indeed the album's subtitle is Five Years at the Ministry of Sound. It is a box set and contains 3 discs the first disc Rulin' is mixed by CJ Mackintosh (tracks 1-6) and Todd Terry (tracks 7-12). The second disc Frisky? is mixed by Seb Fontaine (tracks 1-7) and Jon Pleased Wimmin (tracks 8-14).
 All Around the World is the second studio album by American boy band Mindless Behavior. Like their previous album it has elements of pop and R&B in the music and focuses primarily on themes of love.
 Collector's Item is a compilation album released by UK neo-progressive band Twelfth Night in 1991 as a CD and double album and re-released on CD only with some different tracks in 2001.
 Voyeur is a studio album by Kim Carnes released in 1982 (see 1982 in music). Following the massive success of her previous album this disc was considered a sales disappointment. It peaked at #49 on Billboard's album chart and sold approximately 300000 copies in the US.The album spawned two hit singles Voyeur and Does It Make You Remember which peaked at #29 and #36 on Billboard magazine's Hot 100 chart respectively.
 The Rack is the debut album by Asphyx. It was released in 1991 by Century Media Records.
 The Best of Ash is the second greatest hits album by the band Ash released on 17 October 2011.The CD/DVD edition of the album includes the Teenage Wildlife documentary of Ash's 1977 tour which is narrated by Ewan McGregor as well as 17 of the band's music videos.
 Different is the debut studio album by Belgian singer Kate Ryan. It was released in 2002 by EMI Records. The album was produced by AJ Duncan and Phil Wilde. It peaked at number eight in Belgium and was certified Gold. It also had moderate success across Europe selling 250000 copies.
 Minhas canções preferidas is a 1981 album of Portuguese songs including Portuguese-language versions of his own songs by Julio Iglesias.
 Dick's Picks Volume 11 is the 11th live album in the Dick's Picks series of releases by the Grateful Dead. It was recorded at the Stanley Theater in Jersey City on September 27 1972.
 World Power is the debut album of German Eurodance project Snap! released in 1990 on Bookmark/Ariola Records. The album received generally positive reviews from music critics as the project's musical style and its vocalists Turbo B and Penny Tiny Ford were well received. It also achieved considerable commercial success with the help of four international top-ten hits including its best-selling single The Power.
 The Very Best of Elkie Brooks is a compilation album by Elkie Brooks. Compiled in 1997 it was released on CD and cassette by PolyGram TV.The album reached number 23 and remained in the UK charts for 7 weeks. It re-entered the charts in 1998.
 Dark Diary is the fifth full-length studio album released by the Romanian power metal band Magica.
 Nacogdoches is a 2004 album by country singer Willie Nelson.
 Jawbreakers is an album by saxophonist Eddie Lockjaw Davis and trumpeter Harry Sweets Edison recorded in 1962 and released on the Riverside label.
 Thug World Order is the fifth studio album by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony released on October 29 2002. This was the group's final album under Ruthless Records and have now created their own label Bone Thugs Records. Bone Thugs Records started off promoting their first two artist set for solo albums LaReece (of ThugLine Records) and Bruce Hathcock. Tomica and the group met in Miami to record the album as well as get on better terms.
 Da Baddest Bitch is the debut album by American rapper Trina. It was released on March 21 2000 through the label Atlantic/Slip-N-Slide Records. The album debuted at number thirty-three on the US The Billboard 200 and number eleven on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and entered the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Catalog Albums in 2002.
 Misery Days is the second album released by Oblivion Dust on July 23 1998.
 Suzi...and Other Four Letter Words released in 1979 is the sixth studio album by British-based American singer-songwriter bass guitar player and actor Suzi Quatro. By August 2012 this was still Quatro's highest-charting album in Norway (at number 4) and her second-highest-charting album in the United States (at number 117)..The album contains the songs of three singles all of which charted.
 Shape of Things to Come is a 1969 studio album by American guitarist George Benson arranged by Don Sebesky. It was his first album for A&M Records and his first album to be produced by Creed Taylor who would remain his producer until 1976.
 She Rides Wild Horses is the title of a studio album by American country music singer Kenny Rogers. It was released in 1999 on his own Dreamcatcher Records label. The album includes the singles The Greatest Slow Dance More and Buy Me a Rose all of which charted on the Billboard country singles charts.
 La Femme Trombone (The Trombone Woman) is the sixth studio album by Les Rita Mitsouko.
 Unpredictable is the second album released by rapper Mystikal. It was released on November 11 1997 through No Limit Records and Jive Records. It is his second solo album and is also his first album with No Limit Records and Jive Records (the first album to be distributed by Jive instead of Priority Records) and featured production from the label's production team Beats By the Pound.
 Bis zum bitteren Ende – Die Toten Hosen Live! or just Bis zum bitteren Ende (To the Bitter End) is the first live album of the German punk band Die Toten Hosen. It contains songs from the Ein bunter Abend für eine schwarze Republik (A colourful evening for a black republic) tour. Because of an injury Jakob Keusen replaces Wolfgang Rohde on drums on some tracks.
 In the Court of the Crimson King is the debut studio album by the British rock group King Crimson. The album reached number five on the British charts and is certified gold in the United States where it reached #28 on the Billboard 200.The album is generally viewed as one of the first works to truly embody the progressive rock genre where King Crimson largely departed from the blues influences that rock music had been founded upon and mixed together jazz and classical symphonic elements.
 Road Salt One is the seventh studio album by Swedish band Pain of Salvation released May 17 2010 on InsideOut. While a concept album in keeping with all previous Pain of Salvation albums the album was more song-oriented and streamlined in its production values.
 Experience is a reggae album by Lincoln Thompson and the Royal Rasses released in 1979 and recorded in Jamaica. The songs were dedicated to Bintia Thompson.
 Come Swing with Me! is an album by American singer Frank Sinatra released in 1961.The album is Sinatra's final swing session with Capitol Records as his next album Point of No Return would be composed mainly of torch songs. This album is possibly unique for the orchestral arrangement and stereophonic set-up by Billy May.
 Phoenix Rising is a 1998 album by The Temptations for the Motown label featuring the debut of new Temptations Barrington Bo Henderson Terry Weeks and Harry McGilberry. The album the Temptation's first million-selling album in twenty years features the hit single Stay which samples the group's 1965 hit My Girl.[citation needed] The Temptations' Phoenix Rising was certified Platinum by the RIAA November 15 1999. The album was tied up with Dru Hill's Enter the Dru and 112's Room 112.
 Black Seeds of Vengeance is the second album by American technical death metal band Nile. The album was released on September 5 2000 through Relapse Records. Black Seeds of Vengeance marks the first album in Nile's discography to feature extensive liner notes in the booklet written by Karl Sanders to explain the concept and themes behind each song. The band also began undertaking an even more complex musical direction from the last album.
 Third Day is the debut album from the Christian rock band of the same name. It was released in the spring of 1996 after the band signed with Reunion Records.
 Eternal Youth is the first compilation album by British mathcore band Rolo Tomassi. The first of these two CDs showcases their material from split extended plays and EP's while the second disc is composed of early demos remixes and acoustic tracks. The album was released on Destination Moon records; Rolo Tomassi's own record label. A triple vinyl version of the album was released on 16 April 2011 for Record Store Day through Holy Roar Records.
 Aha Shake Heartbreak is the second studio album by American rock band Kings of Leon. It was released in November 2004 in the UK and February 2005 in the United States.
 Sugan is an album by saxophonist Phil Woods with pianist Red Garland recorded in 1957 and originally released on the Status label a subsidiary of Prestige Records.
 Performance is the first live album from Spacemen 3 documenting a set from the Perfect Prescription tour. It was recorded on February 6 1988 at De Melkweg Amsterdam the Netherlands.
 Cosmic Egg is the second studio album by Australian rock band Wolfmother released on 23 October 2009. It is the first album by the second lineup of the band featuring vocalist songwriter and lead guitarist Andrew Stockdale bassist and keyboardist Ian Peres rhythm guitarist Aidan Nemeth and drummer Dave Atkins formed in 2009 after original members Chris Ross and Myles Heskett left in August 2008.
 Town Line is the first EP by Staind frontman Aaron Lewis. An extended play consisting of country songs it was released on March 1 2011 on Stroudavarious Records. As of the chart dated September 3 2011 the album has sold 200208 copies in the US.
 Oh No I Love You is the second studio album by the British singer Tim Burgess. It was released in 2012.
 Seotaiji 6th Album Re-Recording and ETPFEST Live is the name of the full-length album by the K-Rock star Seo Taiji released in 2003. All songs are written arranged and performed by Seo Taiji and Seotaiji Band. The first eight tracks are re-arranged with emphasis on heavy percussion and distortion and overdriven guitars. The remaining live tracks were recorded and performed by Seotaiji Band at ETPFEST 2002 (Eerie Taiji's People) in Seoul South Korea.
 Send in the Clowns is a 1981 studio album by Sarah Vaughan accompanied by the Count Basie Orchestra.This was Vaughan's third album with the Count Basie Orchestra her previous two were No Count Sarah (1958) and Count Basie/Sarah Vaughan (1961).
 弐(II) also known as Viva Koenji! and 2 (ni) is the second studio album by the band Kōenji Hyakkei.
 Deadly Game is the eighth album released by rapper X-Raided. It was released on January 22 2002 for JLM Entertainment and was produced by X-Raided and DJ Shareil.
 We Control is the debut studio album produced by DJ Hyper or simply known Hyper and was released on 8 May 2006. The single We Control is featured on the popular racing game Need for Speed: Most Wanted which was released in 2005 as well as the 2008 ATV racing game PURE. The single Ant Music is featured on FIFA Street 2.
 The Magic Treehouse is the debut album from Ooberman released in October 1999 on Independiente Records. The album was produced by Stephen Street famous for his work with The Smiths and Blur among others. Four singles were released from the album - Blossoms Falling Million Suns Tears From A Willow and Shorley Wall. An earlier version of Shorley Wall had previous been the lead track of an EP released by the band on Tugboat Records.
 Speciality is the third album from Japanese pop singer Nami Tamaki. The album was Tamaki's second to reach number one on the Oricon charts.
 Greatest is a greatest hits compilation album released in 1998 by the band Duran Duran.
 The Tight Connection is the second album from I Am the World Trade Center the New York City based synthpop band. The album was released in 2002 and it contains covers of The Stone Roses' Shoot You Down and Blondie's Call Me.
 The Three Degrees is a 1973 studio album released by girl group The Three Degrees.Since their formation in 1963 until 1969 The Three Degrees had released several hit singles on various labels including Swan Records Warner Bros. Records Metromedia and Neptune.
 Flick the Vs is a studio album by Scottish singer-songwriter King Creosote released on April 20 2009 on Domino Records and Fence Records.A limited edition version of the album includes a five-track bonus disc.The Fence Collective official website wrote the following upon release: The King returns with his millionth album and comeback for Domino Flick The Vs.
 Everything is Possible: The Best of Os Mutantes is a best of compilation by the Brazilian tropicalia band Os Mutantes. Compiled by David Byrne of Talking Heads it was released by his world music record label Luaka Bop in 1999. Aimed towards an English-speaking market its track selection differs much from other Mutantes compilations. It includes an abridged version of Ando Meio Desligado.
 Christmas All Over the World is a Christmas album released by R&B quintet New Edition.
 Drunk Dirty and Disgraceful is a prank call comedy album by the Bum Bar Bastards. This is their third album of prank calls featuring more Tube Bar calls as well as some others.The CD version of the album contains a hidden track that is only accessible by rewinding the first track.
 Fight of My Life is the third full length album by the Christian third-wave ska band The Insyderz and was released in late 1998.TRACK LISTING: Jigsaw What Happened to Joe? Paradise The Hunted Game Day Trinidad Rat Race Just What I Needed Fight of My Life Forgive and Forget↑ ↑ ↑
 A Bestiary Of is a compilation album by The Creatures (aka singer Siouxsie and musician Budgie) issued on CD in 1997. It compiles remastered recordings made by the band between 1981 and 1983 including the Wild Things EP the Feast album and the B-sides of the Miss the Girl and Right Now singles.
 Girls Got Rhythm! is a compilation album featuring various all-female tribute bands. The album is named after the song of the same title by AC/DC.
 The Best of Nelly Furtado is the first greatest hits album by Canadian singer-songwriter Nelly Furtado. The album was first released on 12 November 2010. The album includes all of Furtado's biggest hits as well as songs she's featured in and three new songs: Night Is Young Stars and Girlfriend in the City. The album is available in Standard Deluxe and Super Deluxe Editions with the latter including 2 CDs and 1 DVD. The album's track listing and artwork were revealed on 14 October 2010.
 It's a Condition is the first studio album by American new wave band Romeo Void released in 1981. It was released on CD by Wounded Bird Records together with Strange Language Debora Iyall's 1986 solo album in July 2007 and digitally in 2011. The cover artwork was by Debora Iyall.
 The Wes Montgomery Trio (or A Dynamic New Sound: Guitar Organ Drums) is the third album by American jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery released in 1959. It has been reissued by Original Jazz Classics.The track Missile Blues is named after the club Montgomery regularly played at in Indianapolis before his move to New York to record for Riverside. It was at this club that he first met producer Orrin Keepnews.
 Alchemy is an album released in 1969 by the Third Ear Band.
 Reggae Love Jams is a 2000 album by Alberto Stylee.
 Pile of Skulls is the seventh album by Running Wild released in 1992. It was the first album almost completely dominated by songwriting from band leader Rolf Kasparek but remains a fan favourite.The album has sold over 350000 records worldwide.The song Jennings' Revenge tells about the exploits of pirate Henry Jennings.The lyrics of Treasure Island are based on the book of the same title by 19th century author Robert Louis Stevenson.
 Leave the Fire Behind is a cover album by folk-singer John Craigie consisting of songs from the 1990s. It features songs from the bands Everclear Gin Blossoms Green Day Marcy Playground Blind Melon The Wallflowers Smashing Pumpkins 4 Non Blondes Red Hot Chili Peppers and The Counting Crows.
 Kveldssanger (Evening Songs) is the second album by Norwegian band Ulver.The album is quite different from the band's previous offering Bergtatt in that the band's vocalist Garm only uses choir-like chanting instead of the usual harsh black metal vocals. Kveldssanger abandons the black metal genre for a totally acoustic folk approach though various reviews claim the album has a black metal atmosphere[citation needed]. This album makes heavy use of strings.
 It's Up To You is the second album by Australian girl group Girlfriend which featured hit singles Heartbeat and Wishing On The Same Star (With Melanie Alexander On lead vocals. This would be the last album to feature lead vocalist Robyn Loau who departed group in the middle of 1994 this would also be the last release under the name Girlfriend The remaining members would later change their named to GF4 and carry on as a quartet.
 Honi Soit is a 1981 album by John Cale. All songs were written by Cale except Streets Of Laredo a traditional song arranged by Cale.Andy Warhol suggested the album should be called John and Yoko and provided the cover art in black and white but against Warhol's wishes Cale colorized it.
 Paris is a double-CD by Malcolm McLaren released in 1994.
 No Going Back is a folk/rock album by Johnny Coppin released in 1979 his second solo album. The album was produced by Johnny Coppin and engineered by John Acock and Mick Dolan. It was recorded at Millstream Studios Cheltenham during the summer of 1979.
 Ripe is the sixth album by Australian musician Ben Lee released on 18 September 2007. The first single from the album was Love Me Like the World Is Ending.Produced by John Alagia the album features guest appearances from Mandy Moore Benji Madden Benmont Tench Rachael Yamagata Rooney Sara Watkins and Charlotte Martin.It entered the ARIA Albums Chart at #11 on 24 September.
 Guerrilla Warfare is the second studio album by the New Orleans hip-hop group Hot Boys released July 27 1999 on Cash Money Records. The Hot Boys highly anticipated sophomore effort Guerrilla Warfare issued after Cash Money's distribution deal with Universal Records was an instant hit.
 Styx II is the second album by Styx released in 1973. After Styx moved to A&M Records and achieved national success in the US the album was reissued in 1980 by their prior label Wooden Nickel under the title Lady with new artwork—which is not to be confused with a Styx compilation album that was later released with the same name. It is also the only Styx album to not feature material written or co-written by guitarist James J.Y. Young (apart from their covers album Big Bang Theory).
 I am à l'ancienne is the debut solo album from R&B singer/rapper K.Maro. The album is produced by DJ Short Cut and includes Le clan chill featuring Corneille. Also very notable is Symphonie pour un dingue in two versions (original and remix) and written by Louis Côté who later on composed K.Maro's most successful song Femme Like U. The remix version of Symphonie pour un dingue was done on a Sonny Black beat used in Corneille et Kulcha Connexion hits.
 A Woman's Touch is the seventeenth studio album by singer-songwriter Thelma Houston. A Woman's Touch is an album that consists of her renditions of vintage R&B and Pop songs by male singers such as Luther Vandross Glen Campbell Marvin Gaye and Sting. The lead single from the album is Brand New Day.
 The Way That I Am is the second album by American country music singer Martina McBride released in 1993 on RCA Records. It was certified Gold on 9/7/1994 and Platinum on 5/15/1995 by the R.I.A.A.. This was her breakthrough album producing her first Top 5 hit in My Baby Loves Me which was previously released as a single by Canadian singer Patricia Conroy from her 1992 album Bad Day for Trains. McBride's version was a #2 on the Hot Country Songs charts.
 Julie Ruin is the independent record produced by Kathleen Hanna under the name Julie Ruin in 1997 while taking a break from Bikini Kill. It touches upon feminism crocheting aerobics and resisting police abuse. It was mostly produced in Kathleen's apartment in Olympia Washington. Despite this project mostly being known for the album Kathleen Hanna started collaborating with her friends Sadie Benning and Johanna Fateman in order to create a live version of Julie Ruin.
 The Earth Will Swallow You is a film by brothers Geoffrey and Christopher Hanson detailing the summer 2000 tour of Athens Georgia-based jam band Widespread Panic though a substantial portion of the film is behind-the-scenes footage of studio sessions travelling and interviews. It includes footage from their performances at larger venues such as the Red Rocks Amphitheatre and San Francisco's Warfield Theater.
 Asylum Choir II is the second and final album of the studio aggregation consisting entirely of Leon Russell and Marc Benno. It was recorded and meant to be released in 1969 but legal hassles held up its release for two years. The CD re-release contains all but three of the tracks from their first LP as bonus cuts.
 Humour and the Misfortune of Others is the second studio album by New Zealand soul singer Hollie Smith. It was released on 15 March 2010.
 The Beauty and the Beer is the twelfth studio album by the German thrash metal band Tankard released on May 26 2006.
 I Call This Abandonment is the first full-length album and second release by Chasing Victory.
 I Need a Haircut is the third studio album by Biz Markie. It was released on August 27 1991 on Cold Chillin'/Warner Bros. Records and was produced by Biz Markie and his cousin Cool V.
 Invisible Circles is the third studio album by Dutch symphonic metal band After Forever. It was released on 25 March 2004 by the small Dutch label Transmission Records. It is After Forever's first full-length album since the dismissal of guitarist and composer Mark Jansen whose musical tastes had strongly influenced the sound of their first work Prison of Desire (2000) and their successful second offering Decipher (2001).
 Električni orgazam is the debut album by the Serbian/Yugoslavian New wave band Električni orgazam. It was released in 1981 by Jugoton.
 Inland Territory is the fourth studio album by singer-songwriter Vienna Teng. It was released in Germany on February 6 2009 and in the U.S. on April 7 2009. The record was recorded over five months in four cities.
 Straight Freak Ticket is the fourth full length album released by Seattle band Love Battery. it was released in 1995 by Atlas Records.
 Live at the Cellar Door is a live album by Neil Young featuring performances from his six 1970 concerts. It was released on December 10 2013. The album is volume 02.5 in Young's Archives Performance Series.
 Vitiligo is the debut album from rapper & singer Krizz Kaliko. His debut album comes after spending several years lending his voice to releases from Tech N9ne and his other labelmates. The album's title comes from the skin disorder that Krizz suffers from Vitiligo.The album contained several guests features most noticeable being Tech N9ne who appeared on a good portion of the album.
 Hit Parade is Audio Adrenaline's first greatest hits album. It features fifteen hits from the band's previous albums plus two new songs: Will Not Fade and One Like You.
 2moro (雙胞胎的初回盤) is debut EP released by 2moro.
 Plastic Green Head was the sixth album by the American doom metal band Trouble released in 1995. First released on the Music for Nations label in Europe it was distributed in the U.S. by Century Media Records. Soon after the release of this album Trouble went on an extended hiatus after their European tour was cancelled.
 Quelqu'un m'a dit (French pronunciation: ​[kɛlkœ̃ madi]; Someone told me) is the debut album of Italian-French singer model and former First Lady of France Carla Bruni released in 2003.
 Enter is the debut album by American electro group Cybotron released in 1983.
 Visualize is a video release by Def Leppard. A compilation of promo videos interviews and concert footage. On DVD it is bundled with Video Archive. It won a 1993 Metal Edge Readers' Choice Award for Best Home Video.
 The Katabatic Wind (released 2011 in Oslo Norway by the label Bolage – BLGCD013) is the debut solo piano album by the mini Brass Band Magic Pocket.
 For the Stars is a 2001 album by classically trained Swedish mezzo-soprano Anne Sofie von Otter produced by Elvis Costello.
 Lights is the self-titled debut extended play (EP) by Canadian recording artist Lights released on iTunes on April 22 2008. It was re-released digitally and physically on September 16 2008 including the tracks Ice and I Owe You One.
 What Men Deserve To Lose is the fifth album by Scottish Celtic fusion group Peatbog Faeries recorded in Roag on the Isle of Skye and was released on 16 July 2007 though the album had been sold at festivals and from the band's website since 22 June.
 Lovers is an album by David Murray released on the Japanese DIW label. It was released in 1988 and features six quartet performances by Murray with Fred Hopkins Dave Burrell and Ralph Peterson Jr..
 Whales & Nightingales is a 1970 album by Judy Collins. It peaked at No. 17 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts.The album included material by Bob Dylan Pete Seeger Jacques Brel and Joan Baez as well as Collins' top-forty version of Amazing Grace and the traditional Farewell To Tarwathie on which Collins sang to the accompaniment of humpback whales.
 Translation Wave is the fifth extended play (EP) by El Cantador released on February 26 2013.
 Meco Plays The Wizard of Oz is a studio album that was released in 1979. The album sold around 400000 copies.[citation needed]
 The Harvest is the first full-length album by hardcore/metalcore band Alove for Enemies. It was released in 2005 on Facedown Records.
 Live. Love. ASAP (stylized as Live.Love.A$AP) is the debut mixtape by American rapper ASAP Rocky who released it as a free digital download on October 31 2011. It features production by Clams Casino ASAP Ty Beats DJ Burn One and SpaceGhostPurrp among others.
 Tommy Tutone 2 is the second album by rock band Tommy Tutone released in 1981. It features their biggest hit 867-5309/Jenny.In October 2006 VH1 listed 867-5309/Jenny as the 36th greatest song of the 1980s.[1]
 Paskong Walang Katulad is the Holiday album by singer Ariel Rivera.
 Free Life is an album by Dan Wilson the frontman of the rock band Semisonic. It was released on October 16 2007.
 Now That's What I Call Disco or Now Disco is a triple-disc compilation album which was released in the United Kingdom on 26 August 2013. It includes over 60 classic hits from the disco era.
 Cheese is the debut album by Belgian singer-songwriter Stromae released on 14 June 2010. The songs Bienvenue chez moi House'llelujah Rail de Musique Peace Or Violence Te Quiero and Silence were released as album-promo-singles only Rail de Musique and Bienvenue Chez Moi did not chart. It features three official singles including the hit Alors on danse Te Quiero and House'llelujah.
 Faultline is the second album of the American Avant-rock band Birdsongs of the Mesozoic released in 1989 through Cuneiform Records.
 The Spirit Indestructible is the fifth studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Nelly Furtado. The album was released on 14 September 2012. Furtado served as the executive producer for the album as well as a principal writer.
 The Layover EP is the first EP by Dilated Peoples member Evidence released on November 25 2008 by Decon.
 Repeat Offender is the third solo album by Canadian singer-songwriter Peter Elkas produced by Peter Elkas and Ian McGettigan. It was released 22 February 2011 on New Scotland Records.
 More Than Meets the Eye is the second full-length studio album by the Dutch pop and dance singer eliZe released on June 26 2009 in the Netherlands.
 Čarolija is the eleventh studio album by Zdravko Čolić released in 2003.
 Sensuality – The Remix Album is the first compilation album third album overall by German eurodance/trance project S.E.X. Appeal. The album was released 2008. Next to the remixes of their previous studio album Sensuality the album consists of two new songs the album's lead single Voodoo queen and the previously unreleased song Face 2 face.
 Terra Terra - The Aquarius Era is a musical work by Nicholas Lens. It is the second part of the operatic trilogy The Accacha Chronicles following the successful first part Flamma Flamma. In 12 sections the score combines orchestra chorus and six operatic voices that contrast with the eerie tonalities of two female nasal-natural singers.
 Death Metal 666 – Invoking The End is the third studio album by Colombian Death metal band Vitam et Mortem produced by Julian Trujillo from January to May 2010. It was released on the 17th of May. It consists out of 12 tracks. On that album is a cover of Venom song Black Metal and a new version of Assesinos en Esencia from their first album Life in Death. The band produced a DVD which consists two music videos of Bienvinido (Al Reino de los Muertos) and Invoking The End.
 Vuelve (English: Come Back) is the fourth studio album by the Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin released by Sony Music Latin and Columbia on February 10 1998.
 Future Shock is pianist Herbie Hancock's thirty-fifth album and a million-selling Platinum-certified disc. It was Herbie's first release from his Electro-funk era.
 Live at Roseland Ballroom is the first live album by the jam band Gov't Mule. It was taken from their performance on New Year's Eve 1995 opening for Blues Traveler. It was recorded at the Roseland Ballroom in Manhattan.The album was out of print for over a decade and used CD copies sold for over 30 dollars (US) on amazon.com at one point. The album was reissued in 2007 on Evil Teen Records the record label of Warren Haynes and his wife/manager Stephanie Scarmado.
 Peekaboo is the second studio album of the synthpop duo Marsheaux. It was issued in 2006 by Undo Records. Upon its release in Marsheaux's native Greece in December 2006 it earned positive reviews from music critics. The album was formally released in the UK on 9 April 2007. It has also sold well internationally on the internet principally in the UK and USA. Peekaboo is heavily influenced by the early analogue synthesizer works of Depeche Mode and The Human League.
 Hullabaloo: Live at Le Zenith Paris (also referred to as Hullabaloo) is a live video album by English alternative rock band Muse. The video documents the band's two performances at Le Zénith in Paris France on 28 and 29 October 2001 and features an additional disc of backstage footage. A soundtrack album for the video was also produced entitled Hullabaloo Soundtrack.
 Shmutsige Magnaten (subtitled Coleman Plays Gebirtig) is a live solo album by pianist Anthony Coleman performing the songs of Mordechai Gebirtig recorded in Poland and released on the Tzadik label in 2006.
 Chaos by Design is an album by New Zealand drum and bass group Concord Dawn released in 2006. This album features tracks with Tiki of Salmonella Dub and Wellington soul singer Hollie Smith.
 Feed the Wolf is the seventh release and sixth EP by the Brisbane band The Red Paintings. It was released in Australia on 11 June 2007 and was funded entirely by fan donations and created without management or label. The album spawned the single We Belong in the Sea. The album included two cover songs Sing by The Dresden Dolls and Mercy Seat by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds.
 The Car Is on Fire is the self-titled debut album by Polish rock band The Car Is on Fire. It was released on May 21 2005 through Pomaton EMI.Percussion and guitars for this album was recorded in June 2004 in KOSMOS studio (it was a studio before the first World War) in Warsaw. Vocals and additional effects was recorded also there and in the Adam Mickiewicz studio in Sopot. Vocals in Sexy by Marta and Stefania from Cracow.
 Caribbean Connection is a compilation album released in 2008 featuring a variety of Dancehall and Reggaeton artists.
 Live Phish Vol. 7 was recorded live at the World Music Theater in Tinley Park Illinois on August 14 1993.Almost immediately this concert became a sought after collectors item on the Phish bootleg circuit as it seemed to define an era when Phish began breaking down many of its live performance boundaries.
 Sleepy Tigers is an EP by Her Space Holiday released July 21 2009. The title track also appears on the album XOXO Panda And The New Kid Revival.
 Chrome Box is a box set by the post-punk band Chrome released on December 7 1982 through Subterranean Records.
 Into the Everflow was the second of Psychotic Waltz's four albums.In 2004 Metal Blade Records reissued Into the Everflow in a box set also containing the band's final album Bleeding and a bonus CD contain demos.
 Black Saint is an album by American jazz saxophonist Billy Harper recorded in 1975 for the Italian Black Saint label. The album was the first release for the record label.
 Greatest Hits is a 1997 compilation album from American country music artist Pam Tillis. The album reached #6 on the Billboard country albums charts. It chronicles her greatest hits from her first four albums for Arista Nashville. The tracks Land of the Living and All the Good Ones Are Gone are new to this compilation. Both were released as singles reaching Top Five on the Hot Country Songs charts in 1997.
 At This Time (Live) is the third release and the first live album from the Albany-based pop rock band Sirsy. It was recorded live at E. O'Dwyers in Saratoga Springs New York and released on October 29 2002.
 A Silver Lining is the second LP by the San Diego rock band We Shot the Moon. It was released to iTunes on October 6 2009 and available in music stores on October 27. It was released through the Minnesota based indie label Afternoon Records. The first single from the album The Bright Side first appeared for sale in late June 2009 on the website store for Afternoon Records.
 TCG (short for The Cheetah Girls) is the second studio album by The Cheetah Girls. The album was released on Hollywood Records on September 25 2007.
 Zindagi is the title of Zubeen Garg's 2007 album. It features the vocal talents of Chitra Shafqat Amanat Ali Khan and Zubeen himself.
 Playlist: The Very Best of Our Lady Peace is a compilation album consisting of select remastered recordings by alternative rock band Our Lady Peace. It is the band's second compilation album following A Decade which was released in 2006. Many popular favorites from Our Lady Peace such as One Man Army In Repair and Life do not appear on the album. The album includes lesser-known band favorites including Stealing Babies and The Wonderful Future.
 Faye Disc is a 1994 EP recorded by Chinese Cantopop singer Faye Wong when she was based in Hong Kong.
 The Sixx Premonitions is the limited edition sold-out E.P. from Salt Lake City's deathrock band Tragic Black.The now unavailable record was released on July 11 2004 for a very limited time and sold 600 copies that were for sale. The EP has a diverse mixture of music including industrial goth punk heavy metal darkwave and glam rock.
 Choke (released October 1990) is The Beautiful South's second album. It was pushed to number 2 in the charts after the release of the South's first and only number 1 single A Little Time.The album was followed by two more singles both of which were flops.
 No Point in Wasting Tears is the debut album by Ironik and was released on 29 September 2008. The album entered the UK Albums Chart at number 21 but fell to number 36 in its second week. It was removed from the UK iTunes Store but subsequently fully re-released on May 11 2009 following the success of the album's third single Tiny Dancer (Hold Me Closer) which reached number three on the UK Singles Chart.
 Moonshine is the 28th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the Greenleaf label in 2007 and features a live performance recorded in a studio in front of an audience by Douglas Adam Benjamin DJ Olive Gene Lake Marcus Strickland and Brad Jones.
 Selling Live Water is a 2003 album by alternative hip hop artist Sole.
 Before Turning the Gun on Himself is the eighth stand-up comedy album by Doug Stanhope released on November 6 2012 by Roadrunner Records. It was recorded live at The Complex in Salt Lake City Utah.Stanhope released the album digitally on March 6 2012 and reached number one on the Billboard and other comedy charts.
 Post-War is the fifth studio album by M. Ward. It was released on August 22 2006 by Merge Records. It features the single To Go Home a cover of a song written by Daniel Johnston. Guest appearances were made by Jim James of My Morning Jacket (who produced the track Magic Trick) Neko Case and Mike Mogis. Ward has said that the song Today's Undertaking was heavily inspired by Roy Orbison's 1963 single In Dreams.
 By the Numbers is an album of covers performed by The Postmarks released in 2008.
 Chicago XIV is the twelfth studio album by the American band Chicago released in 1980. Recorded at a time of waning interest in the band Chicago XIV remains one of Chicago's poorest selling albums and was a commercial flop. It is also notable for being their last studio album with Columbia Records.
 Live Timeline is a live album by rock band Wishbone Ash.
 The Compendium Archive is a compilation album by the American metal band Agalloch. It was released through Licht Von Dämmerung on March 20 2010. The album was limited to 250 hand-numbered copies and was sold exclusively at the band's two Romanian gigs in March 2010.
 Unforgettable is a 1961 LP record by blues R&B and jazz singer Dinah Washington released on the Mercury Records label and reissued as a compilation album in 1991. The record shows the singer mostly in a Pop star role instead of her traditional jazz & blues style.
 Computer World (German: Computerwelt) is the eighth studio album by German electronic music band Kraftwerk released on 10 May 1981. The album peaked at number fifteen on the UK Albums Chart. It was certified silver by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) on 12 February 1982 for shipments in excess of 60000 copies.The album deals with the themes of the rise of computers within society.
 Gwiazdy mocnego uderzenia: Czesław Niemen - compilation of Czesław Niemen's first singles recorded with bands Niebiesko-Czarni Bossa Nova Combo and band of Studio Rytm.
 National Lampoon White Album is an American album of humorous songs and spoken word skits. It was originally released as a vinyl record in 1980 but it was reissued and is still available as a CD. It was written and performed by people associated with National Lampoon magazine and its related productions.
 Yes is an album by alternative rock band Morphine released in March 1995. It was their first album to make the Billboard Top 200 but fared less well abroad than its predecessor.
 Chaos is My Name is the debut album by the drone doom band Khlyst. Stephen Kasner did the artwork for the album.
 Quelque Part un Aigle is an 1982 album of the French singer Johnny Hallyday. The same year it achieved Gold status for over 100000 units sold.
 Small World is the fifth album by American rock band Huey Lewis and the News released in 1988 (see 1988 in music).Although it reached the top 20 on the Billboard 200 albums chart the album was much less successful than its predecessors 1983's Sports and 1986's Fore!. However Lewis himself stated in a Behind the Music interview that the recording process forSmall World had the most favorable working conditions.[citation needed]
 Mass is the third full-length album by the experimental band Grotus. The album's sound focuses more on alternative and blues rock than industrial and is perhaps their most accessible recording.
 Cool Frénésie is the fifth studio album by French duo Les Rita Mitsouko.
 Sammi is a Cantonese debut studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded in the 1990 and released in May.
 Nocturnus is a two-track EP from Florida death metal band Nocturnus. It was released in 1993 on Moribund Records and follows the full-length studio album Thresholds.
 The Singles 1992–2003 is a greatest hits album by American rock band No Doubt released on November 14 2003 by Interscope Records. It features thirteen of the band's singles from three studio albums—Tragic Kingdom Return of Saturn and Rock Steady—and the single Trapped in a Box from their self-titled debut album. The album also included a cover of Talk Talk's It's My Life the only new song on the album and which was released as a single.
 Suç Bende is the debut album released in 1994 of the Turkish pop singer Mustafa Sandal. This was the album that launched him onto the Turkish pop scene.
 That Face! is a 2006 album by Frank Sinatra Jr. and featuring Steve Tyrell.The album was released on CD.
 Generation EFX is the fourth album by Brooklyn-based rap duo Das EFX released on March 24 1998. It was poorly received commercially and critically ignored.[citation needed] The bulk of its production is done by 8-Off PMD and long time Das EFX collaborators Derek Lynch and Chris Charity. Unlike the first three Das EFX albums it features a number of guest appearances including Redman M.O.P. EPMD and Miss Jones.
 Still Unravished - A Tribute To The June Brides is a tribute album to the English indie pop band The June Brides consisting of cover versions of their songs. The liner notes were written by Dave Eggers and Everett True. The latter also features on the album under the pseudonym 'The Legend!'.
 Before the Storm is the third and final of 3 mixtapes by Tinchy Stryder It was released in England March 2010 on the label Takeover Entertainment. The mixtape sees Stryder rapping with Wiley who featured on Stryders first and second mixtapes I'm Back U Know and Lost and Found. The mixtape also features Ghetts and a few members of Ruff Sqwad. It was released as a free download prior to the release of Stryder's third solo studio album Third Strike which was released on 15 November 2010.
 Vertigo 2005: Live from Chicago (sometimes titled Vertigo '05: Live from Chicago) is a concert film by Irish rock band U2 showcasing two concerts recorded in Chicago Illinois during band's 2005 Vertigo Tour. The film was released as a DVD later in the year (see 2005 in music) on 14 November by Island Records in most parts of the world and was released in the United States a day later by Interscope Records.
 The Rough Guide to the Music of Ethiopia is a world music compilation album originally released in 2012. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the release contains two discs: an overview of the music of Ethiopia—focusing mainly on 21st century pop—is found on Disc One while Disc Two features dub-style musician Invisible System. The compilation was curated by Dominic Raymond-Barker and Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network who was also the producer.
 You Can Feel Me is the second CD from American singer Har Mar Superstar. Produced and recorded by Eric Olsen It features guest appearances from Clark Baechle Jacob Thiele Broken Spindles (AKA Joel Peterson) Busy Signals Dirty Preston and Beth Ditto.
 緣 Fate (sometimes credited as 緣 • 痴心誤會 Fate • Loving Misunderstanding) is an EP by cantopop singer Prudence Liew released in 1989.
 Here I Stand is a 1999 album by British folk-rock band Oysterband. It is their 17th studio album.Released on 3 August 1999 the album's much praised lyrics deal with topics such as globalisation political and philosophical insights. The album has been described as the one of the band's most upbeat albums. The album guest features Canadian folk rock band Great Big Sea and British punk pop band Chumbawamba.
 Proto is the second album by Irish musician Leo O'Kelly. It was originally planned for November 2002 but was released on February 4 2003 by Clarinda & 1st. It contains a collection of previously unreleased tracks recorded from May 1975 to 2001.
 Freedom is the second studio album by American Idol contestant Mandisa. The album was released on March 24 2009.The first single My Deliverer was released on January 27 2009. The second single was the track He Is With You which was released on March 3 2009.The third single will be the track Not Guilty set for release sometime in July 2009.On April 2 2009 the album debuted at number 83 on the Billboard 200 selling over 7000 copies in its first week.
 Balkan is the second studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Seka Aleksić. It was released in 2003.The album is named after the Balkan mountains.Balkan contains a few hit songs: Crno i zlatno (Black and Gold) Šta je bilo bilo je (What Happened Happened) Idi lepi moj (Go My Lovely) Jedna više (One More) Oči plave boje (Blue Eyes) and the title track.
 Alive 1997 is a live album by Daft Punk released in 2001. It contains a 45-minute excerpt of a live performance recorded at Birmingham's Que Club on 8 November 1997.
 Turn of the Screw is the second studio album from punk rock band 1208. It was released in February 2004 and follows 2002's Feedback Is Payback – both released on Epitaph Records.The song Fall Apart was featured on the popular PlayStation 2 and Xbox game Burnout 3.
 Springtime Can Kill You is Jolie Holland's second studio album. It was released on May 9 2006 through Anti Records.
 So Electric: When It Was Now (The Remixes) is a remix album by Australian alternative rock band Atlas Genius. It was released as a 12 vinyl exclusively available at record stores on 29 November 2013. The vinyl is limited to 3000 copies and includes a digital download card. The album was scheduled to be released digitally on 24 December 2013; it was ultimately released one week earlier on 17 December. This album contains remixes of songs from Atlas Genius' debut studio album When It Was Now.
 El alma de mi pueblo is the thirteenth album by the folk music artist Rolando Alarcón. On the album he is accompanied by Carlos Valladares and Los Emigrantes.
 Stripped Down To The Bone is an acoustic EP by American rock band Hawthorne Heights released through the band's own record label Cardboard Empire. It contains acoustic versions of other Hawthorne Heights songs. Only 500 copies were made.
 Green Onions is the debut album by Booker T. & the M.G.s released on Stax Records in October of 1962. It reached number 33 on the Pop Albums chart in the month of its release.
 Thank God I'm A Contra Boy is a 1986 album by the Capitol Steps.
 Crisis is the third studio album from American punk rock band The Deadweights. The album was released in September 1985 on Slash Records and charted on the Billboard Top 200 upon release. The album was produced by legendary punk producer Spot and Nick Fulton of the band Xes. The album is considered to be the band's best offering and places in many definitive punk albums lists.
 Ricki-Lee is the debut studio album by Australian recording artist Ricki-Lee Coulter released through Shock Records on 3 October 2005. Coulter recorded the album in Melbourne and worked with several songwriters and producers including Audius Mtawarira Israel Cruz Jarrad Rogers Hayley Aitken and Kara DioGuardi among others. The album reached number 30 on the ARIA Albums Chart and number six on the ARIA Urban Albums Chart.
 Mann Alive is a live double album released in 1998 by Manfred Mann's Earth Band.
 Live in Las Vegas is a live album by American R&B-soul singer-songwriter Macy Gray. The album was recorded at the House of Blues in Las Vegas Nevada in 2004 and released on DVD and CD in 2005.
 Dropsonde is an ambient album by musician Biosphere (alias Geir Jenssen). Unlike his previous output there is a notable jazz influence present on this album.
 What a Day is the title of the first solo album by Phil Keaggy originally released in 1973 on New Song Records. It was later reissued on vinyl by Nissi Records and then on CD by Myrrh Records together with Keaggy's second solo album Love Broke Thru.
 Blood Like Lemonade is the seventh studio album by the British band Morcheeba released on 7 June 2010 in the United Kingdom. The album marks the return of former lead singer Skye Edwards who left the band in 2003. The first single released was Even Though.
 Maximum Money Monster is a 1990 album by Zeni Geva. It is a re-release of their 1989 album Maximum Love and Fuck with additional songs. The Pathological CD release had the whole album as one track. In 2007 it was reissued by Cold Spring with three bonus previously unreleased recordings from a 1990 show at Antiknock in Tokyo and all songs as separate tracks.
 Brothers is the sixth studio album by American rock duo The Black Keys. Co-produced by the group Mark Neill and Danger Mouse it was released on May 18 2010 on Nonesuch Records. Brothers was the band's commercial breakthrough as it sold over 73000 copies in the United States in its first week and peaked at number three on the Billboard 200 their best performance on the chart to that point.
 Casa de Leones (English: House of Lions) is the eponymous debut album by Puerto Rican reggaeton quintet Casa de Leones and was released on June 26 2007 by Warner Bros. and Black Lion Records.
 Natural Avenue is an album by John Lodge of The Moody Blues. It received a favourable review from Robert Hillburn in the Los Angeles Times. It was later re-released on CD in 1987 with one bonus track Street Café (originally released as a single in 1980). It was released again on Threshold in May 1996 with the additional bonus track Threw It All Away (the B-side of the Street Café single)
 Ella (Her) is a studio album released in 1980 by Mexican recording artist Juan Gabriel.
 More Songs to Learn and Sing is a compilation album by Echo & the Bunnymen. Released on 11 September 2006 it is an update to the 1985 singles collection Songs to Learn & Sing. A number of tracks have been added to cover the band's career up until 2005's Siberia.
 Isn't Wasn't Ain't is the debut album by Christian parody band ApologetiX originally released in 1993. The album was re-released in 2003 and 2005.
 Sans Plus Attendre is a 1993 album by the Belgian singer Axelle Red. Four singles were taken from the album: Elle danse seule Je t'attends Sensualité and Le monde tourne mal.
 The Diva Station is a mix of instrumental rock music with three songs with vocals. Former Gamma vocalist Davey Pattison reunites for two songs with Ronnie Montrose.
 Versus the World is the debut album by the Santa Barbara based band Versus The World. It was released on September 27 2005.
 G3: Live in Concert is a live album and DVD by the G3 project led by Joe Satriani. It was released in 1997 by Epic Records. This lineup of G3 includes Joe Satriani Eric Johnson and Steve Vai. In 2005 a DVD of this concert was also released.
 Goin' Up is the second album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard released on the Blue Note label in 1961. It features performances by Hubbard Hank Mobley McCoy Tyner Paul Chambers and Philly Joe Jones.
 Tradimento is the third solo album by Italian rapper Fabri Fibra. It was also his first LP to be distributed by Universal Music Italia. The production is covered mainly by his rapper and younger brother Nesli who produces 12 out of 17 tracks and the remainder are by Italian hip-hop producer Fish as well as Dj Nais. The singles released were Applausi per Fibra Su le mani Mal di stomaco and Idee stupide. The album was certified platinum by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry.
 Time Takes Time is the tenth studio album by Ringo Starr released in 1992 his critically acclaimed comeback album. His first studio album since 1983's Old Wave it followed a successful 1989–1990 world tour with his All-Starr Band. Time Takes Time features several celebrity guests including Brian Wilson Harry Nilsson and Electric Light Orchestra frontman Jeff Lynne.
 One of the Boys is the third album by country singer Gretchen Wilson. It was released on May 15 2007.Following its release the album debuted at number five on the U.S. Billboard 200 selling about 73000 copies in its first week.As of May 9 2008 the album has sold 232000 copies in the US.
 Mahal Kita in English I Love You is the debut music album of Pinoy Pop Superstar 2008 grand champion and GMA Network talent Maricris Garcia.
 Look at this Mess! is the only live album from The Deadweights. The album was recorded live on the band's 1997 tour in support of Recalled to Life. It was released June 23 1998.
 LAShTAL is the second release by Current 93 the first Mi-Mort was a split-album. The album features musicians Fritz Häaman and John Balance in addition to the primary Current 93 member David Tibet. LAShTAL and Salt were later released on the Current 93 compilation Nature Unveiled.
 Midnite Vultures is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock artist Beck released in November 1999 by Geffen Records. While similar to most of Beck's previous albums in its exploration of widely varying musical styles Midnite Vultures didn't achieve the same blockbuster success as his breakthrough Odelay though it was still critically and commercially well received.
 Live in Antibes is a 1988 live album by jazz musician John Coltrane.
 To Be Still is the second album by Alela Diane released in 2009.
 Mean Old Man is the 40th studio album by The Killer Jerry Lee Lewis. Like his previous album Last Man Standing this album features duets with famous artists.
 Casual Gods was the second solo album by Jerry Harrison. His third Walk on Water also bore the Casual Gods name as a proxy for the band.The instrumental track to Man with A Gun was featured in the Jonathan Demme film Something Wild.
 My Boy Lollipop was the first album for Millie and her only album for Smash Records. On the front and back of the album Millie is called the Blue Beat Girl. Ernest Ranglin was credited for the accompanyment and direction.The back of the album contains an essay about Millie. It tells a little bit of her early life in Jamaica then tells how a talent contest led to a recording career and hit singles in Jamaica which led to her discovery by British record producer Chris Blackwell.
 Audio Out is the first album by the Australian singer Amiel released in Australia by Festival Records on 18 August 2003 (see 2003 in music). Produced by Josh Abrahams the album is filled with a variety of strange pop songs which helped the album to receive favorable reviews. Amiel states that the album comes from the love of so many different kinds of music; hip hop folk and pop music and she states [the album] is my weird take on the world.
 Step by Step is the third studio album and fourth album overall by American boy band New Kids on the Block released in June 1990 via Columbia Records.
 Peacebird is the first album by Peacebird a side project of Swedish singer and songwriter Johan Christher Schütz. First released in Japan on October 5 2011 with a pre-release on iTunes Japan on the United Nations' International Day of Peace September 21.All songs are written arranged and produced by J. C. Schütz and the album has a wide range of influences mainly 1970's soul funk pop and acoustic British folk.
 Gun Talk is the fifth album by old school hip hop/hardcore MC Just-Ice. It was released in 1993 and it was the only album of his to have major-label distribution.
 Yesshows is the second live album by British progressive rock group Yes. Released shortly after the appearance of Drama Yesshows comprises live performances ranging from the summer of 1976 to the supporting tour for Tormato in 1978. The album's release was supervised by bassist Chris Squire.Yesshows was remastered and expanded in 2009 by Isao Kikuchi and published by Warner Music Japan as part of their Yes SHM-CD Papersleeve series.
 I Hate Music is the tenth studio album by Superchunk released August 20 2013 on Merge Records.
 Ashes Against the Grain is an album by American metal band Agalloch under the Brooklyn New York-based label The End Records. It is Agalloch's third full-length release four years after the critically acclaimed The Mantle.
 Blood in Our Wells (Ukrainian: Кров у Наших Криницях Krov u Nashykh Krynytsyakh) is the fourth album by Ukrainian black metal band Drudkh released in 2006 and dedicated to the memory of Stepan Bandera legendary leader of the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists.
 City Beach is the title of the solo album released by Luscious Jackson member Jill Cunniff. It was released on February 20 2007 on CD. It was also released on 12 vinyl which also include an exclusive track co-written by author journalist musician and cult heroine Vivian Goldman Like Smoke not available on the CD or by web download.
 Revolution! is the seventh studio album by American pop rock group Paul Revere & the Raiders. Produced by Terry Melcher and released in 1967 it reached number 25 on the U.S. albums chart and yielded two top 40 singles. The album cover photo was taken on the porch of a house located at the corner of East 15th Street and Mississippi Avenue in Joplin Missouri.
 New Traditionalists is the fourth studio album by the New Wave rock band Devo. It was produced by Mark and Bob Mothersbaugh and Gerald and Bob Casale and was released in August 1981 on Warner Bros. Records. It features the minor hits Through Being Cool and Beautiful World. The sound continued in the vein of the previous album Freedom of Choice with synthesizers moved to the forefront and guitars more subdued. Some of the tracks feature drum machines for the first time on a Devo record.
 Free Again is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1972 and released on the Prestige label.
 E=MC² is the eleventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was released in the United States on April 15 2008 by Island Records. The singer began recording the album in 2007 in Anguilla after writing and composing most of its material during and after her 2006 Adventures of Mimi Tour.
 Stay the Same is Joey McIntyre's first solo album released on March 16 1999 by Work Records and C2 Records. It includes his first single the title track Stay the Same.
 George is the third EP by Cartman and was released October 7 2002 by Embryo Records and distributed by MGM Distribution. The EP also features a rendition of the Madonna hit Justify My Love as well as the videos for Shock If I and Nobody.
 Ray Charles Anthology is the first compact disc to collect many of soul music icon Ray Charles' ABC-Paramount-era recordings. Allmusic considers it to be the best single CD collection of Ray Charles' '60s and '70s ABC-Paramount material while Rhino Records the issuing label refers to it in the liner notes as the compact disc edition of Ray Charles' Greatest Hits alluding to the ABC-Paramount LP of the same name.
 House of Ill Fame is the first full-length album by Canadian hard rock band The Trews. It was released in 2003 by the label Epic Records. The group issued a music video for the more-alternative rock sounding song Not Ready to Go. The album was certified Gold (50000 copies) in Canada in June 2005.
 In My Own Time is a 1971 studio album by Karen Dalton.
 Under The Grey Banner is the fifth studio album by Swedish power metal band Dragonland. The album was released on November 13 2011. This is the third part of the Dragonland Chronicles saga. Damian Bajowski(known from million-selling PC game The Witcher) created the cover artwork for this chapter of the Dragonland saga. The album's title track is Dragonland's longest song to date lasting for over eight minutes.
 Control Data is the fifth album by vocalist Mark Stewart released on June 18 1996 through Mute Records.
 Traces of My Lipstick is the third and final studio album by American girl group Xscape released on May 12 1998 under the So So Def label.As with previous albums Hummin' Comin' at 'Cha (1993) and Off the Hook (1995) the album was chiefly produced by Jermaine Dupri with Manuel Seal Jr. and Daryl Simmons with addition production from Babyface Joe Thomas Warryn Campbell and Keith Sweat.
 The Face of Love is the third studio album from Christian rock band Sanctus Real. It was released on April 4 2006 and peaked at number 158 on the Billboard 200. The singles I'm Not Alright and Don't Give Up both reached number 1 on Christian contemporary hit radio.
 You Better Weaponize is the second studio album by Twin Cities underground hip-hop duo Guante & Big Cats!. It was released on Election Day November 6 2012.
 41 Original Hits from the Soundtrack of American Graffiti is the official 1973 soundtrack album of the film American Graffiti.
 Femme Fatale is the final album by Hungarian guitarist Gábor Szabó featuring performances recorded in 1979 and released on the Hungarian Pepita label in 1981.
 Always and Forever is the sixth studio album by Silk and was released on October 17 2006.The album includes covers tracks like Switch's There'll Never Be The System's Don't Disturb This Groove and Shalamar's A Night to Remember and traditional R&B productions of Prince's Adore Sideshow and Rod Temperton's Secret Garden (Sweet Seduction Suite).
 Elvis Presley (released in the UK as Elvis Presley Rock n' Roll) is the debut studio album by Elvis Presley. It was released on RCA Victor in mono catalogue number LPM 1254 in March 1956. The recording sessions took place on January 10 and January 11 at RCA recording studios in Nashville Tennessee and on January 30 and January 31 at RCA studios in New York.
 Die Reklamation (German for The Complaint) is the debut album of the German band Wir sind Helden released on 7 July 2003 by Labels a subsidiary of EMI. It sold over 800000 copies in Germany and reached four times Platinum.The album follows lead singer Judith Holofernes' limited self-produced solo album Kamikazefliege which had already included two tracks from this album: “Aurélie” and “Außer dir”.
 Inindependence is the second album by A Minor Forest.
 Life Is... is the fifth original studio album to be released by Ken Hirai under the label Defstar Records (Sony Music Entertainment). When released it reached #1 on Japan's Oricon sales. chart
 10 on Broadway is a solo album of Broadway standards from Dennis DeYoung. It was released in 1994 by Atlantic Records. The idea for the album came in connection with DeYoung's performance as Pontius Pilate in Jesus Christ Superstar as part of the 1992 national tour of the production.
 The Next Logical Progression is the third solo album from Gift of Gab of Blackalicious. It was released on March 27 2012 on Quannum Projects.In late 2011 Quannum Projects made Protocol available as a free download on the music sharing website Soundcloud. Shortly before the album's release Quannum uploaded a remix of Wack But Good People by Nathan Williams of the surf rock band Wavves and his younger brother Kynan Williams.
 Sorrow Galaxies is Mütiilation's fifth full-length album. Unlike most previous releases live drums were used on this recording.
 Manquait plus qu'ça (English: That was all that was needed) is the debut album from the French actress-turned-singer Sandrine Kiberlain. It was released on March 14 2005 by EMI.
 Mannheim Steamroller Christmas (also known as Christmas 1984) is the first Christmas album and sixth studio album released by American musical group Mannheim Steamroller.
 Revenge of da Badd Boyz is the first album released by rap group The Almighty RSO. It was released on September 27 1994 through RCA Records and was an extended play that contained six track with a little over 25 minutes of music. The album managed to make it to #97 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Electric Food is the self-titled album of Electric Food a direct predecessor of Lucifer's Friend that released two albums in 1970 the other being Flash. As with the Pink Mice side-project Electric Food included all original Lucifer's Friend members except John Lawton. In 2004 Electric Food and Flash were released on one CD by Mason Records. Both Electric Food albums sound very similar to Lucifer's Friend's debut but include strong influences from Led Zeppelin Uriah Heep and Spooky Tooth.
 Hard (Hard) is the fifth album by Dutch language rapper Brainpower. It was released April 21 2008 on Lyric Recordings together with his fourth album Hart (Heart) and contains the single Boks Ouwe. Hard and Hart are two albums sold together where Hard represents the raw hip hop side of Brainpower which is expressed in both beats and lyrics.Hip Hop veteran Brainpower separates his more melodious material from his famous 'braggin' & boast' side.'Hard' represents the harder side of Hip Hop.
 Dark Deceiver is the fifth album by American Progressive metal band Zero Hour. It was released in 2008.
 Live Music Hall Koln 1992 is a live album by Richard Marx released exclusively in Germany. The concert was recorded at the Live Music Hall in Cologne Germany.
 Satori was the title of an LP released by Flower Travellin' Band in Canada. It featured tracks from the original Japanese release of Satori Made In Japan and an additional track only available on the Canadian single release of Satori. The songs featured from Satori were remixed and edited considerably. The album was produced by Paul Hoffert of Lighthouse.The album details are as follows:
 All Gas. No Brake. is the debut release of the Christian pop punk band Stellar Kart. The album was officially released February 15 2005 under Word Entertainment records.
 Back to The Future: The Very Best of Jodeci is a greatest hits LP for R&B group Jodeci released by Universal Records in 2005. The original compilation was to include the song That Thang which featured rap artists Trick Daddy and Trina. The song was replaced with Good Luv due to Atlantic Records having ownership of That Thang.
 A Cold Day in Hell is a demo by American deathcore band Winds of Plague. It was released on June 27 2005 on Recorse Records when the band was just out of their senior year of High School.[citation needed] The album is no longer in print. Several tracks including the album's title track have been re-recorded for the band's second studio album Decimate The Weak.
 Piano Love Songs is the 13th studio album released by Bradley Joseph on the Robbins Island Music label (see 2006 in music). Soft Classic Love Songs Performed on the Piano.(Forever I Do written by Bradley Joseph)
 Letters from Birmingham is the fifth album by R&B-pop artist and American Idol winner Ruben Studdard the album was released on March 13 2012. Produced by Elvis BlacElvis Williams Harold Lilly Patrick Guitarboy Hayes. Horns by Siraaj Amnesia James (Encore).
 Earth Junk is the ninth album by The Howling Hex. It was released by Drag City in 2008.
 A Diamond Hidden in the Mouth of a Corpse is a 1985 compilation released on the Giorno Poetry Systems label.
 Uhuru Afrika (subtitled/translated as Freedom Africa) is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1960 and originally released on the Roulette label. The album features lyrics and liner notes by the poet Langston Hughes and was banned in South Africa in 1964.
 The Closing of Winterland is a four-CD live album of the Grateful Dead's New Year's Eve show 1978. The concert was also released as a two-disc DVD. The title derives from the fact that it was the last concert in San Francisco's Winterland Arena which was shut down shortly thereafter.
 Just A Touch Of Love is the fourth album by the American funk band Slave released in 1979. It was the band's first album with the vocals of Steve Arrington Starlena Young and Curt Jones. The album reached number eleven on Billboard's Top Soul Albums chart in 1980. The title track was released as a single reaching the top ten on the Soul Singles chart.
 Wet Zoo is an EP released by Annuals. Released on April 1 2008 under Sony imprint label Cavansback Music. The EP was split with Annuals sister band Sunfold. It served as a stop-gap between Be He Me and Such Fun
 The Sandwich EP is the debut EP recorded by the Stoke-based ska punk band Grown at Home. It was produced and mixed by Iain Wetherell. The EP received positive reviews and the song Don't Be a Menace to King Kong While Drinking Banana Juice in The Congo was broadcast on BBC Radio 1's The Lock Up with Mike Davies.The EP was released by Cash For Pigs Records (a label founded to release the EP) on compact disc.
 Love Songs is a compilation album by American jazz musician Miles Davis released on February 2 1999 by Sony Music Records. The songs it compiles were recorded between May 10 1957 and February 12 1964.
 I.R.I.S. 4MOTION is a four-CD box set by Romanian hard rock group Iris.
 No Me Compares Con Nadie (Don't compare me to anyone) is the eighth album by Colombian singer-songwriter Silvestre Dangond and the seventh and the last with the accordionist Juancho De la Espriella released by Sony Music on August 31 2011. In November 25 at the same year the album received Diamond certification in Colombia for the strong sales.
 We'll Be Together Again is a 1994 album by Lena Horne. At the 1995 Grammy Awards Horne was nominated for a Grammy for Best Jazz Vocal Performance for this album.
 Run the Length Of Your Wildness is the first album by Kathe Green. It was originally released by Deram Records a sister label to Decca Records.Green wrote 10 of the album's 13 tracks and she was teamed up with in-house producer and head of A&R at Deram Wayne Bickerton arranger John Cameron and the cream of London session players.
 Innocence & Instinct is the second full-length concept album from American Christian metal band Red. The album was released on February 10 2009 through Essential Records.The standard edition of the album contains 10 tracks. The first single Fight Inside was released on October 26 2008. The single debuted at No. 1 on the R&R Christian Rock chart. The album's second single Never Be the Same was released to Christian CHR soon thereafter.
 Popular Classics is Ahmet Kanneci's fifth album.
 Live in New York City is a posthumous live album by English rock musician John Lennon. It was prepared under the supervision of his widow Yoko Ono and released in 1986 as his second official live album the first being Live Peace in Toronto 1969.
 Flying Doesn't Help is a solo album by Anthony Moore (credited on the album sleeve as 'A. More') released by Quango in 1978. The album was remastered and re-released on CD by the Voiceprint label in 1994.
 Right! Right! Right! was a DVD of Melbourne-based rock band Jet and their performance at the Forum theatre Melbourne. The performance was on the tour following the release of their debut album Get Born. The DVD also contains videoclips of selected video clips from different countries like the UK or America.
 Fuckin A is the second album by The Thermals released on May 18 2004 by Sub Pop Records.A rare promo pressing exists of the planned (but later scrapped) God and Country single. It was meant to promote the live album Live @ the Echoplex: December 7th 2007 and Fuckin A from four years prior. Goddamn the Light served as the single's b-side.[citation needed]
 The Draft Del Reggaeton is the compilation album of Chencho Records label Plan B and Boy Wonder of Chosen Few albums I II Chosen Few Chosen Few III.The production was to bring together reggaeton singers and producers of some seniority who presented and apadrinarían other singers on this album. In this release have come singers like R.K.M & Ken-Y Jowell & Randy Guelo Star John Eric and others.
 Extra Playful is a 2011 EP by John Cale. The EP features 5 previously unreleased songs. Black Edition (released on Black Friday) contains two more extra songs.
 Change of Pace is an album by jazz saxophonist Johnny Griffin which was recorded in 1961 and released on the Riverside label.
 Fire in the City of Automatons is the third full-length album by No Knife and the first to feature Chris Prescott. It was released in May of 1999 on Time Bomb Records.
 Blazing Ballads is a 1952 album by Dinah Washington arranged by Jimmy Carroll Nook Shrier and Ike Carpenter.
 Black Like Sunday is the tenth album recorded by King's X. The songs on this album are rare and originally unreleased recordings that were re-recorded by fan demand.
 Sneak Me In is seventh album by Lucifer's Friend an album in which Mike Starrs formerly of Colosseum II replaced John Lawton on vocals for a second time. This album and the previous Good Time Warrior (1978) were an attempt at a more commercial accessible style which met with limited success. Starrs was replaced by the returning Lawton for 1981's Mean Machine.
 Propeller is the fifth album by Dayton Ohio indie rock group Guided by Voices.
 Live Phish Vol. 2 was recorded live on July 16 1994 and was released on September 18 2001 as part of the Live Phish Series. The show was performed on the side of a ski slope at the Sugarbush Resort in the town of North Fayston located in Phish's home state of Vermont. It was the final concert of the band's highly successful 1994 summer tour.
 The Witness Tree is the third solo studio album by Australian singer Wendy Matthews released in Australia by rooArt on 14 November 1994. It is a non-traditional gospel album Matthews stating the spirit of gospel is so uplifting I have a lot of faith but for me it's more nature and the elements. The Witness Tree debuted inside the Australian ARIA Albums Chart top twenty but sales fell considerably short of those of Matthews's previous album Lily (1992).
 Beatrock Presents: FATGUMS X BAMBU ...A Peaceful Riot... is the debut EP by underground hip hop duo Fatgums & Bambu released on April 25 2009. Prior to the release the duo's rapper Bambu had released three solo albums entitled Self Untitled... ...I Scream Bars for the Children... and ...Exact Change... and one album entitled Barrel Men as a member of the group Native Guns.
 Lovers is an album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley recorded at the Fantasy Studios in Berkeley California in 1975 featuring the last recorded performances by Adderley with Nat Adderley Alvin Batiste George Duke Alphonso Johnson Jack DeJohnette Airto Moreira with a posthumous track featuring Flora Purim Nat Adderley Jr. and Ron Carter.
 Ardor is the second album by Love Spirals Downwards an ethereal wave band on the US record label Projekt Records. It was originally released in 1994; a remastered version with extra tracks was released in 2007.
 Testify is the seventh studio album and final album to feature original material by English singer Phil Collins before retiring. The album debuted at No. 30 on the American Billboard 200 albums chart which was also the album's peak position. It was also the second Collins studio album where no track peaked within the American top 40 singles chart. It was also his lowest charting album in the UK becoming his only solo effort not to reach the Top 5.
 Let the Tempest Come is the second studio album by German metalcore band Neaera. It was released on 7 April 2006 through Metal Blade Records.
 Get Back – Together is the second album by the reformed Liverpool band The Quarrymen which was the band that in its original conception evolved into The Beatles. The album was recorded in Liverpool in 1997 (produced/engineered and mixed by Lance Thomas) and released the same year.
 Stars and Stripes Vol. 1 is the twenty-eighth studio album by American rock band The Beach Boys released on August 19 1996 on River North Records. Produced by both Joe Thomas and Brian Wilson Stars and Stripes Vol. 1 is a collaborative album with various country musicians. Despite its Vol. 1 sub-title the album is the band's only venture into the genre of country pop music and is the last studio album to feature founding member Carl Wilson who died in 1998.
 Lendas Encantadas is the fourthd album by Brazilian progressive rock band Apocalypse. It's a reissue of their first work (available in LP format only titled Apocalypse) with all lyrics in Portuguese. The difference is that one track was completely re-recorded (Sozinho Perdido Dentro de Mim) and the guitar parts are added to this CD.
 King Biscuit Flower Hour Presents The Waitresses is a live album recorded during the radio show King Biscuit Flower Hour in 1982 while the band was still active. It was released a few months after lead singer Patty Donahue died of lung cancer. 12 EP: Polydor 1982 PX-1-507↑
 Long Black Train is the debut album from American country music artist Josh Turner released on October 14 2003. It peaked at No. 29 on the U.S. Billboard 200 and peaked at No. 4 on the Top Country Albums. Overall the album produced three chart singles for Turner on the Hot Country Songs charts: She'll Go on You (No. 46) the title track (No. 13) and What It Ain't (No. 31). Two of this album's tracks were previously recorded by other artists.
 Luck of the Corpse is the first album from the death metal band Deceased. The cover is an image form the 1963 film Black Sabbath.
 Years Later...A Few Months After is the fourth and final album by Soulja Slim released exactly 3 months before his death.
 New York Thrash is a hardcore punk compilation album released by ROIR in 1982.Considered a definitive document of the early New York hardcore scene New York Thrash features rare and otherwise unreleased recordings including the first recorded material by the Beastie Boys as well as material by Bad Brains.The album was originally released in cassette format with liner notes by Tim Sommer but was reissued on CD with two bonus tracks in 1998.
 Low Ride is the 9th studio album by Earl Klugh released in 1983. The album features Klugh's signature sound of blending heavy rhythm-and-blues-oriented background with the feathery sound of Klugh. Conductor and arranger David Matthews joins Klugh on the orchestrated song Christina.
 Deep Tracts of Hell is an album by the Norwegian black metal band Aura Noir.
 Been a While is the debut solo album by former Danity Kane and former Dirty Money member Dawn Richard under the name of Dawn Angeliqué. It was released on October 18 2005. This album was made before Richard joined Danity Kane in 2005 and Dirty Money in 2009. The featured guest as composed by alternative singers and rappers are them the rapper Jon Jon the ragga singer B'Shipe and the signed in DJ Khaled's Terror Squad Pooh Bear who also handle the production of album.
 Songs for Justice is an charity compilation released by the non-profit company Rock For Justice that fight against global poverty and social injustice on 7 May 2013.
 Disney Princess: The Ultimate Song Collection is a 2004 album that is a compilation of various Disney Princess songs including the original song If You Can Dream that has since been featured on several other Disney compilation albums. It was released on September 21 2004 by Walt Disney Records and went on to peak at #4 on Billboard's Top Kid Audio chart.
 48 Original Tracks is a greatest hits album by Olivia Newton-John that was released in 1994 it is the most extensive compilation of her early material launched for the singer.
 Vehicles & Animals is the debut studio album album by British indie rock band Athlete. It was released on 7 April 2003.This album has been released with the Copy Control protection system in some regions.
 What the Fuck?: 10 Years of Armed Audio Warfare (2005) is a collection of rare remixes and alternate versions and demos of several tracks by Acumen Nation from 1995 to 2005.
 Ear Candy is the sixth album by heavy metal/hard rock trio King's X released in 1996.The album has two songs which are rewritten versions of earlier songs: Picture is also known as The Door a song with different lyrics released on their pre-King's X release Sneak Preview.
 Fingerprints released in 2006 is Peter Frampton's first instrumental album and features guest appearances from friends and musical acquaintances as well as Frampton's signature effect the talkbox. It was his first album on A&M Records in 24 years.Fingerprints won a Grammy in 2007 for Best Pop Instrumental Album.
 Thighs and Whispers is the fifth studio album by American singer Bette Midler. Released in 1979 the album reached #65 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.
 So-Called Chaos is the sixth studio album (fourth released internationally) by Canadian singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette released in May 2004.
 The music of the video game Final Fantasy VIII was composed by regular series composer Nobuo Uematsu. The Final Fantasy VIII Original Soundtrack a compilation of all music in the game was released on four Compact Discs by DigiCube in Japan and by Square EA in North America.
 From the Ashes of Nuclear Destruction is a 2013 compilation album by thrash metal band Toxic Holocaust. The album is compiled of singles and rarities such as demo versions from studio albums and rare singles from the various split albums they have released.
 I Feel Alright is a studio album by Steve Earle. The album was released on March 5 1996.
 Nos Braços do Pai is the fifth album in the live praise and worship series of Christian Contemporary music by Diante do Trono.
 Live Between Us is the first full-length live album by Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip.
 World of Our Own is the third studio album by the Irish boyband Westlife released on 12 November 2001. It reached number one in the United Kingdom and includes the singles Queen of My Heart (which was a double A-side with When You're Looking Like That) World of Our Own (which was a double A-side with Angel) Bop Bop Baby and the final single from the group's last album Uptown Girl.
 Povratak Cigana (English translation: Return of the Gypsies) is the second solo album by Bosnian rapper Frenkie.
 Welcome Reality is the debut album by UK dubstep act Nero. A concept album it was released first in Ireland on 12 August 2011 and the rest of the world on 15 August 2011 except Australia and New Zealand where it was released on 19 August 2011 on Chase & Status's MTA Records.
 El mundo del flamenco (The World of Flamenco) is an album by Paco de Lucía.
 The Band's Greatest Hits is a compilation album by The Band released in 2000 to coincide with the release of remastered versions of the group's first four albums. It draws very heavily from them featuring thirteen of the eighteen tracks coming from Music from Big Pink The Band Stage Fright and Cahoots.
 England Dan & John Ford Coley is the first album by the pop rock duo of the same name.
 Octagon is the eighth studio album by Swedish extreme metal band Bathory. It was released in October 1995 through Black Mark Productions. It continues the retro thrash metal style of the previous album Requiem. It was reissued in 2003 with the first two tracks combined and Winds of Mayhem outro added.
 Kingdom of Noise is a studio album by the Welsh psychedelic/progressive rock band Man and was released 9 June 2009.This is the second of studio releases not to feature any of the original members and the first to feature drummer Rene Robrahn
 Our World Our Way is the third and final studio album by Dem Franchize Boyz. It is their first album on Koch Records and was released September 30 2008.The album's first single is Talkin' Out da Side of Ya Neck!. Other tracks on the album Mr. Feel Good (featuring Mannie Fresh) and Turn Heads (featuring Lloyd).
 The Mello Hippo Disco Show is a single released by Amorphous Androgynous a pseudonym of The Future Sound of London in 2002 from the album The Isness. The release is especially notable as the band's first original single since 1997's We Have Explosive EP and despite the shift in sound towards the psychedelic follows the classic FSOL style of singles spread over several movements.
 The U.S. Albums is a box set compilation comprising the remastered American albums released by The Beatles between 1964 and 1970. The box set was released on 21 January 2014 in the United States marking the fiftieth anniversary of the Beatles' first trip to the US and first American album from Capitol Records Meet the Beatles!
 Buffalo is the fourth full-length album by New Zealand band The Phoenix Foundation. It was released in New Zealand in April 2010 and internationally in January 2011.
 Brain Drain is the eleventh studio album by the American punk rock band Ramones. It was released on March 23 1989 through Sire Records. It is the last release to feature bass player Dee Dee Ramone the first release to feature Marky Ramone since his departure after Subterranean Jungle and the last studio album on Sire Records.
 Gambler's Life is an album by jazz keyboardist Johnny Hammond. It was released in 1974 and produced by Larry Mizell.
 Havestar is the first EP of the Illinois-based industrial band I:Scintilla. The album contains three reworked songs from their first album The Approach. These songs are also featured on their next full-length album Optics. In addition there are six remixes by various well-known artists within the genre.
 Fire Eater is an album by jazz saxophonist Rusty Bryant recorded for the Prestige label in 1971.
 Kill the Messenger Keep the Message is the sixth studio album and third LP recorded by the indie rock band Before Braille. It was released in 2009 by Sunset Alliance.
 The Rovers is a 1980 album by the music group The Irish Rovers. It was their first album after they rebranded themselves as The Rovers dropping Irish from the group name and includes their crossover country hit Wasn't That a Party.
 Palace of Mirrors is the fifth full-length album by Estradasphere. It was released on September 19 2006.
 A Spanner in the Works is a studio album released by Rod Stewart on May 26 1995. It is Rod’s seventeenth studio album and ended a four-year gap since his last studio album. At the time this was the longest span between studio albums that Rod had experienced. The album was released on Warner Bros. Records (WEA 9362 45867-1/2) in The United States The United Kingdom and Japan. It produced five singles: “You’re The Star” “Leave Virginia Alone” “This” “Lady Luck” and “Purple Heather”.
 The Videos is the first VHS release by Australian singer-songwriter Kylie Minogue. It was released by Mushroom Records in Australia only in 1988.
 Original Album Classics is a box set compilation by guitarist Joe Satriani released on June 16 2008 through Epic Records. It contains five studio albums on separate discs: Not of This Earth (1986) Flying in a Blue Dream (1989) The Extremist (1992) Joe Satriani (1995) and Crystal Planet (1998).
 Theory of a Deadman is the self-titled debut by the band Theory of a Deadman released in 2002.
 Best of Little Walter is the first LP record by American blues performer Little Walter. First released in 1958 the compilation album contains ten Little Walter songs that appeared in the Top 10 of the Billboard R&B chart from 1952 to 1955 plus two B-sides.
 Simply Bird (Thai: ซิมพลีย์ เบิร์ด) is the fifteenth studio album by Thai recording artist Thongchai McIntyre. The album was released on November 26 2007 by GMM Grammy.Mostly songs in this album are smooth some speed. Further various such as R&B hip hop pop/rock
 Percik Pesona (Stain of Enchantment) is a 1979 album by Indonesian singer Chrisye. The album was received poorly with Chrisye later reflecting that he had undergone second album syndrome.
 Sirens of the Ditch was the first solo album released by singer-songwriter and former Drive-By Truckers lead guitarist Jason Isbell. The album was released on July 10 2007.After leaving Drive-By Truckers amicably in 2007 Isbell released Sirens of the Ditch on New West Records. Sirens of the Ditch was recorded at FAME Studios where among the musicians helping to record the album was Spooner Oldham famous for his work with Aretha Franklin and Neil Young.
 Hyakki Yagyou (百鬼夜行) is the first mini-album by Kaya released on July 11 2007.Hyakki Yagyou contains five tracks all of which share the theme of「夜」(night). The title is derived from the Japanese folk belief of demons parading the streets during summer evenings. It literally means The Parade of a Hundred Demons and Kaya himself drew the parallel to mythology by naming three of the songs after Japanese demons. Kugutsu or puppets are also familiar in Japanese ghost stories.
 Blood on the Dance Floor: HIStory in the Mix is a remix album by American recording artist Michael Jackson. It was released on May 20 1997 by Epic Records and is the second album released by Jackson's own record label MJJ Productions. The album is made up of eight remixes from Jackson's previous studio album HIStory and five new songs. Jackson was heavily involved with the production of the new material while the remixes were produced by other artists.
 In Sides is the fourth album by British electronic group Orbital released in the UK on Internal on 29 April 1996. The album's title is a reference to the fact that the original vinyl LP release of the album was as a 3-LP vinyl box set with one track per side of each disc. In Sides saw the band continue the process begun on their previous album Snivilisation of moving away from making music for the rave scene towards more intricately crafted melodies and reflective downtempo tracks.
 666 International is the third full-length album by Norwegian black metal band Dødheimsgard. It was released on June 11 1999 by Moonfog Productions.With 666 International Dødheimsgard abandoned the black metal style of their previous two albums further developing the style of their EP Satanic Art (1998).
 The Chieftains in China is an album released by the Irish musical group The Chieftains in 1985. In 1983 the Chieftains were the first Irish musicians to visit China and the first ever Western musical group to play on the Great Wall of China. The album was the end result of this trip and was recorded in China and Hong Kong by Brian Masterson of Windmill Lane Studios.
 Masque is the fourth egular studio album by The Mission which was released in January 1992 on the Vertigo sub-label of Mercury Records. Peaking at #23 in the UK albums chart it failed to repeat the commercial success of the previous two official studio albums and marked the beginning of The Mission's decline in popularity; it was also the band's last album to achieve a UK top 40 position. Masque included the singles Never Again (UK #34) Like a Child Again (#UK 30) and Shades of Green Pt.
 Kate Taylor Live at The Cutting Room is singer-songwriter Kate Taylor's fifth album released in 2005.The album is a live concert recorded on December 10 2004 at The Cutting Room in New York City. Tony Garnier longtime Bob Dylan bandmember plays bass. Also included are performances with her daughters Aquinnah and Elizabeth the song Sea Cruise with niece Sally Taylor and You Can Close Your Eyes with Carly Simon.
 The Wells on Fire by Procol Harum was released in 2003. This was Matthew Fisher's last studio album with Procol Harum. Fisher's last live release with the band was Procol Harum Live at Union Chapel DVD and CD package recorded in December 2003 and including many of the songs from the studio album.The group still continue to tour with Josh Phillips replacing Fisher in 2004 and Geoff Dunn replacing Mark Brzezicki in 2006.
 This short live in the studio disc was part of a series that Intense Records put out in the early 90s. Tourniquet was in a transition period during the recording of this disc as they had recently lost their original vocalist (Guy Ritter) and had not yet hooked up with Luke Easter. Guitarist Gary Lenaire took up the vocal duties for most of the songs. This was not unusual for him as he had shared duties with Guy Ritter on all of Tourniquet's former albums as well.
 As is the case with most anime series My-HiME has several soundtracks available.
 Keep Singin' That Love Song was The Archers first major label album. Impact Records re-released their independent recording The Archers a year earlier and sent master producer Bob MacKenzie to the West Coast for the new project.
 Need Your Love is the sixth album from the Japanese band Do As Infinity. It was released on February 16 2005. The first (pre-album) single release from Need Your Love was Rakuen also featured in the fourth movie in the InuYasha anime series. Several other songs from the album including For the Future and Be Free have been featured on Japanese television as well as Yotaka no Yume being featured as the opening theme of Zoids Genesis.
 Dinosaur is the debut album by Dinosaur Jr. released in 1985. The album exhibits a folkier side of the band than on future releases[citation needed] but some of the tracks on the album showed off a much heavier more hardcore punk-based side to the band in songs such as Does it Float Mountain Man and Bulbs of Passion.The album was originally released when the band was still known simply as Dinosaur before a lawsuit forced the name change to Dinosaur Jr.
 Supernatural Birth Machine is Cathedral's fourth album released on 12 November 1996 by Earache Records.
 Souffleurs De Vers is a Studio album by the French progressive rock band Ange. It was released in 2007.
 Open Road is the debut solo album by British singer-songwriter Gary Barlow. It was released by BMG and RCA Records on 26 May 1997 in Europe and on 13 January 1998 in America.
 Dropera is a concept album by Fred Frith and Ferdinand Richard credited as Fred & Ferd. It was their first collaborative album as a duo and was recorded in Zürich Switzerland in August 1989. It was released on both LP and CD by RecRec Music in Switzerland in 1991. The album's songs were sung in French and a booklet of the song lyrics in French German and English accompanied the album.
 I'm Not a Policeman is the debut EP by Cartman and was released February 8 1999.
 The Eternal Triangle is an album by trumpeters Freddie Hubbard and Woody Shaw recorded in June 1987 and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Hubbard Ray Drummond Carl Allen Mulgrew Miller and Kenny Garrett. The album followed the first Hubbard/Shaw collaboration Double Take (1985) and the two volumes were combined for the double CD release The Complete Freddie Hubbard and Woody Shaw Sessions (1995).
 Futurist is an album by Alec Empire released in 2005. It is the follow-up to 2001's Intelligence and Sacrifice and is notable for the fact that the use of electronics for which Empire is famed is reduced in favour of guitars and drum beats giving the album more of a punk/metal sound than its predecessor.
 Historias is the fifth studio album released on April 19 1994 by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona.
 Duets is a compilation of duets by country music artist Emmylou Harris in partnership with other well-known country and rock artists. Most of the twelve tracks on the album originally appeared as singles or on albums released by her singing partners.
 The D.I.Y. Guys is the first live album by American Punk band Hed PE released on July 8 2008. The live CD portion of the presentation was captured at Hollywood's legendary Key Club during their Insomnia tour. The CD portion also contains Niteclub In Bali a B-Side off their Back 2 Base X album as well as Get Em Up a track featuring the Subnoize Souljaz and a new hardcore punk song called Killing Spree.
 The Michel Publicity Window E.P. is a CD by Thighpaulsandra. The title track is a radio-friendly edit of the 27-minute epic from I Thighpaulsandra excising the ambient suites that bookend the rock midsection. The rest of the EP features forays into electronica and hard rock and remains Thighpaulsandra's most commercial-sounding record to date. A limited edition of 500 copies were pressed on transparent amber vinyl.
 Castle is Sherman Chung's second album released by EEG Emperor Entertainment Group in 2008.
 They Were Born to Kill is a bootleg EP released by American punk rock band The Offspring in 1991. It features early versions of Jennifer Lost The War and Out on Patrol the first and third song on the band's debut and self-titled album – The Offspring – which was released two years earlier. Both songs were taken from the Side B of the 1988's Tehran demo tape.
 Fall of the Plastic Empire is the debut album by the American hard rock band Burning Brides. It was released on April 17 2001 on File Thirteen Records. The next year it was re-released on V2 with a new cover. The V2 version is viewable to the right.
 Bittersweet World is the third studio album by American recording artist Ashlee Simpson. It was released in the United States on April 22 2008. Simpson worked on the album with producers Timbaland Chad Hugo and Kenna. It has been described by Simpson as a fun party album with a silly and quirky side and some influence from 1980s music.
 The Text of Festival is an archive album by Hawkwind consisting of BBC sessions and live performances between 1970 and 1971. It was originally released in 1983 after the band had exited their Active Records contract and has continuously been repackaged and retitled ever since.The copyright of the recordings on the first disc is owned by the BBC who were not approached for permission for their commercial use so the legality of this album is questionable.
 100 Proof: The Hangover is the third studio album by East Coast hip hop producer Statik Selektah. The album was released on February 2 2010. The album features guest appearances from Royce da 5'9 Termanology Freeway Lil' Fame of M.O.P. Bun B Wale Styles P Evidence of Dilated Peoples Saigon and more. The first single was The Thrill Is Gone featuring Styles P and Talib Kweli.
 My Favorites of Hank Williams is an album by American country music artist George Jones. It was released in 1962 on the United Artists record label. It was Jones' second tribute to the music of Hank Williams.
 Quartet (1996) is an album by Pat Metheny Group.On Quartet Pat Metheny combines his guitar with bassist Steve Rodby drummer Paul Wertico and the writing abilities and keyboarding of Lyle Mays. The slow and relaxed sounds are largely improvisations as the tracks were loosely written or completely improvised on the spot. This gives the album a very experimental and dark feel. The album is mostly acoustic introducing the Pikasso 42 string guitar as well as other new acoustic guitars.
 Crown Him is a Christian worship music album recorded by Graham Kendrick. The album was recorded live in Los Angeles California during a praise march. It was released in 1991 by Integrity/Hosanna! Music/Sparrow Records. Crown Him was written and recorded at a time when the phenomenon of March For Jesus was spreading beyond the shores of the British Isles. Recorded in the U.S.
 Premium Night: Love & Songs is an eleventh live DVD by Japanese singer-songwriter Koda Kumi. It's a video footage of a concert which was held in Nippon Budoukan for celebrate Koda's 30th birthday. It's her first concert after giving birth.It was released in 2 DVDs and Blu-ray format. Rental live CD was also released on the same day as well as 5 other live CDs with her previous concert. Driving Hit's 5 was released on the same day too.
 Has a Good Home is the first album by the Canadian musician Owen Pallett released under the name of his solo project Final Fantasy.
 Calling Over Time is the debut album of Edith Frost released on April 22 1997 through Drag City.
 Black on Both Sides is the debut album of American rapper Mos Def now known as Yasiin Bey released October 12 1999 on Rawkus Records. Prior to the album's recording Mos Def had collaborated with rapper Talib Kweli for the duo's studio album Mos Def & Talib Kweli Are Black Star (1998) which raised high expectations for a solo effort. Black on Both Sides features an emphasis on live instrumentation and socially conscious lyrics.
 In The Chamber with Linkin Park is a tribute album to the nu metal band Linkin Park. Released by Vitamin Records it features cover versions of Linkin Park songs performed by the Vitamin String Quartet.
 Victory Mixture is a 1990 album by Willy DeVille. The album consists of cover versions of New Orleans R&B and soul classics by DeVille’s musical idols. Trouser Press said about the album “A rootsy covers collection Victory Mixture provides a welcome antidote to Miracle's misguided modernity making the most of the singer's relocation to New Orleans with backup from such local legends as Allen Toussaint Eddie Bo and Dr.
 Verwüstung – Invoke the Dark Age is the first studio album release by Black metal band Abigor. It was released in 1994.
 What Became of the Likely Lads is a US-only 7 track EP released by British band The Libertines in 2005 following their split the year before. The record consists of an alternative version of What Became of the Likely Lads to the one released as a single from The Libertines album in 2004.
 Intiaanidisko is the first full-length album by indie rock band TV-Resistori.
 Ballad Essentials is an album by Susannah McCorkle released in 2002.
 Mass Slaughter: The Best of Slaughter is a Slaughter compilation album.
 Something Wicked this Way Comes is the 5th album by The Herbaliser. It was released on Ninja Tune in 2002.
 Bueninvento (Goodinvention) is an album released by Mexican singer-songwriter and instrumentalist Julieta Venegas in 2000. It received good reviews Sería Feliz (translated as I'd be happy) was the single released for this album accompanied by a video that got rotation on music TV channels. The album was nominated for Latin Grammy Award for Best Rock Solo Vocal Album. In addition the album was named the 4th best album of the 2000s decade by Latin music website Club Fonograma.
 Irodori no Nai Sekai is Yōsei Teikoku's third mini-album released on January 14 2009. It includes the Ending song to the anime Kurokami: The Animation.
 Authorized Bootleg: Live In Winterland San Francisco CA 3/07/76 is a live concert recording of Lynyrd Skynyrd. It was released by Geffen Records alongside Live at the Cardiff Capitol Theatre which captures a concert four months earlier. Both recordings contain different set lists. This recording features the addition of synthesizers and backing Vocals. This concert took place in San Francisco CA March 7 1976.
 Anthem of the Sun is the second studio album by the Grateful Dead released in 1968. It is the first album to feature second drummer Mickey Hart who joined the band in September 1967. In 2003 the album was ranked number 287 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
 Up in Smoke is an album by Indo G and Lil' Blunt released in 1995. Cheech and Chong also produced a movie soundtrack called Up in Smoke.
 El Presidente is the self-titled debut album from Scottish band El Presidente released 24 October 2005. The album was also released on 8 February 2006 in Japan with two extra tracks a new recording called Lies and a cover of Prince's Raspberry Beret which was also included as a B-side to Turn This Thing Around.
 A Collection of Michael Jackson's Oldies is a compilation of the Motown Records released on December 8 1972 with songs by Michael Jackson and The Jackson 5 that were made between 1969 and 1972. It was only published in the United States.
 Nu Made (Remixes) is a remix album by the New York City electronica-world fusion trio Balkan Beat Box. The album features remixes of songs from their second studio album Nu Med.
 Singles 93–03 is a compilation album by English big beat duo The Chemical Brothers released on 22 September 2003. It is a collection of singles published by the band from 1993 to 2003 (though not all the singles are included) plus new songs Get Yourself High and The Golden Path. Early copies of the CD came with a bonus CD.
 Lo-Fi TRavmy (Ukrainian: Lo-Fi TRавми) is an album by Faktychno Sami (now known as Qarpa) released in 2005.
 Hell Yeah!!! The Awesome Foursome (subtitled And the Finnish keyboarder who didn't want to wear his Donald Duck costume: Live in Montreal)) is a live album from the German power metal band Gamma Ray released in 2008.
 Nerdcore Rising is the official debut album by nerdcore rapper MC Frontalot. The album was first released on August 27 2005 at the Penny Arcade Expo.It consists of 16 tracks; six new tracks and ten classic megahits that Frontalot had previously made available through his website.
 Pizzicato is the first album from Yoko Takahashi including the hit single Mou Ichido Aitakute which reached #38 in the Oricon weekly charts while the album reached #75 and charted for two weeks.
 Alien 4 is the twentieth studio album by the English space rock group Hawkwind released in 1995. At the end of 1994 with the group established as a three piece of guitarist Dave Brock bassist Alan Davey and drummer Richard Chadwick they felt they were lacking visually in terms of showmanship. Ron Tree who had been involved with groups in the English free-festival scene had offered his services and the group accepted them.
 Coil is an album by Toad the Wet Sprocket released in 1997. It is their fifth studio album and the final one before the band broke up in 1998. As with previous albums Coil was released under the Columbia Records label and produced by Gavin MacKillop.This album has been praised by some as the band's most mature album.
 Rainbow is a collaborative album between Japanese experimental rock band Boris and psychedelic guitarist Michio Kurihara. Wata contributed vocals to the title song which has a music video made for it by Foodunited.The album's initial release was done by Pedal Records with liner notes in Portuguese. Drag City released this album in the United States on May 15 2007 with a different 9th track on CD format only.In 2007 Rainbow was also released on vinyl in two forms by Inoxia Records.
 Transparent Things is an album by Fujiya & Miyagi released in 2006. It was re-released in the United States in 2007 with different artwork and the bonus track Reeboks in Heaven.The title of the album comes from Vladimir Nabokov's 1972 novel of the same name.
 Girl with a Pearl Earring is the soundtrack on the Lionsgate Records label of the 2003 film Girl with a Pearl Earring starring Scarlett Johansson Colin Firth Tom Wilkinson Cillian Murphy and Judy Parfitt. The original score was composed by Alexandre Desplat.The album was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score and the BAFTA Award for Best Film Music.
 Live From Amsterdam is a live album release by Big L in 1999. The album features A.G. and consists of live material of tracks by Big L & A.G. and an a cappella and an unreleased verse of Big L's debut Devil's Son.
 Mingus at Carnegie Hall is a live album by jazz bassist and composer Charles Mingus recorded at Carnegie Hall in January 1974 by Mingus with Jon Faddis Charles McPherson John Handy George Adams Rahsaan Roland Kirk Hamiet Bluiett Don Pullen and Dannie Richmond.
 Visor och oförskämdheter (English: Songs and impertinencies) is a live album featuring Swedish folk musicians Cornelis Vreeswijk Fred Åkerström and Ann-Louise Hanson It was recorded live in Stockholms Concert hall in December 1964.Prior to this album was Vreeswijk forced to decide if to continue his studies or pursue his music. He broke his studies and embarked on a tour with Fred Åkerström and Ann-Louise Hanson during which this album was recorded.
 Tony Rice is an album by American guitarist Tony Rice released in 1977.
 The Diseased and the Poisoned is the second album by deathcore band Carnifex. It was made in 2008 and was released on June 24 of the same year. The song Adornment of the Sickened was released as Carnifex's first single.
 Jaded is the third album by Finnish gothic metal band To/Die/For.
 Scuba Dice EP 2 is the second EP by the Irish pop punk band Scuba Dice. It was the band's first release of new material since leaving You're a Star and marked the start of the band embarking on an originals-only career and are the last recordings with Sean and Spud in the band. Shortly after these songs were recorded Spud left the band forcing Liam Byrne to take his place.
 Hulmerist is a VHS and DVD release that includes seven promotional films by Morrissey released initially on VHS in 1990 and then on DVD in 2004. It was certified Gold by the RIAA on 18 January 1991.The title refers to Morrissey's childhood home in Hulme Manchester. The L is silent so it sounds like humourist.
 The Best Of Nik Kershaw (1993) is an album by Nik Kershaw. It contains selected 12 inch mixes B-sides album tracks and his hits. It is released under the Music Club Internation label.
 On the Border is the third studio album by the Eagles released in 1974. During the making of the album the band experienced significant changes. As the band tried to lean towards a more hard rock sound they felt that producer Glyn Johns overemphasized their country sound. After recording only two songs the band let go of Johns and hired Bill Szymczyk. At Frey's request they brought in guitarist Don Felder to add slide guitar to the song Good Day in Hell.
 Beautiful Wasteland is the seventh studio album by folk rock band Capercaillie. It was reissued in North America by Valley Entertainment in 2002.
 Black Mountain Rag is the title of a recording by American folk music and country blues artists Doc Watson and Merle Watson released in 2006. It contains songs taken from albums that Doc and Merle recorded on the Flying Fish label in the 1980s.A 1990 trio bonus track of Blackberry Blossom with Doc Norman Blake and Tony Rice is included.
 Radio Daze is the third and final studio album by cartoon characters Ren & Stimpy released in 1995 through Sony Wonder and Nick Records. It is a concept album where Ren and Stimpy are featured on the radio.To concede the release of Radio Daze Sony Wonder held a contest entitled The King Of The Airwaves. The contest ended February 1 1996.
 Axe to Fall is the seventh studio album released by American band Converge. It was released on October 20 2009 through Epitaph Records and was released later on in the year through Deathwish Inc. as a vinyl record. It is their second most commercially successful to date peaking at number 74 in the Billboard 200.
 [ep.i.phan.ic] is the fourth and final full-length album by Southampton UK based rock band Howards Alias. The band started taking pre-orders for the album on 5 June 2008 and used the money from these to pay for the album's pressing which was then sent out to those who ordered also with a note from the band themselves.[citation needed]
 Volume One is the debut album by the American band Sleep. It was the only album recorded with original guitarist Justin Marler before he became an Orthodox monk. Volume One showcases a darker sound and stronger doom metal influence than Sleep's later work. The image featured on the cover is taken from the Salvador Dalí painting Soft Self-Portrait with Fried Bacon.
 For the Laura Ingalls Wilder novel see The Long Winter.Long Cold Winter is the second studio album by American glam metal band Cinderella released in 1988 through Mercury Records. It reached No. 10 in the US and became double-platinum for shipping 2 million copies in the US by the end of the year just as their debut album Night Songs had done earlier.
 Backlash is a 1966/1967 album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard his first released on the Atlantic label. It features performances by Hubbard James Spaulding Albert Dailey Bob Cunningham Otis Ray Appleton and Ray Barretto. This is Hubbard's twelfth overall album.
 Penguin Eggs is an album by Nic Jones released in 1980. Allmusic described the album as one of those rare records where not just every song but each instrumental part is worth hearing.The album was awarded Melody Maker Folk Album of the Year in 1980.English folk musician Kate Rusby states that Penguin Eggs is her favourite album of all time.
 Shot Through the Heart is the title of a recording by Jennifer Warnes released on the Arista Records label in 1979. It peaked at No. 13 on the Billboard Country Albums chart and No. 94 on the Pop Albums chart.A single from the album I Know a Heartache When I See One made it to the country Top Ten and the pop and adult contemporary Top 40. Warnes also charted with Don't Make Me Over and When the Feeling Comes Around. Despite the three chart singles the album suffered disappointing sales.
 Tales from Turnpike House is the seventh studio album by English alternative dance band Saint Etienne. It is a concept album in which the songs depict characters who all live in the eponymous block of flats in London.
 Live in the Real World is the first live CD and DVD album by Dutch/Mexican progressive metal band Stream of Passion created by Arjen Anthony Lucassen.It features not only songs from their debut album Embrace the Storm but also songs from Ayreon Ambeon and Star One three other musical projects by Lucassen.
 The 'b' Album is a collection of B-sides and rarities released in 1996 by the Canadian folk band Moxy Früvous. A sticker on the packaging warned Not the third album! At first self-published by the band it was rereleased later that year with a revised track order in Canada by Warner Music Canada and in the United States by Bottom Line Records.
 Now You're Gone – The Album is the fourth studio album by Swedish eurodance musician Basshunter. Released on 14 July 2008 it features English remakes of older Basshunter hits and entered the UK Albums Chart at number 1 selling in excess of 300000 copies in the UK making it platinum.In New Zealand the album peaked at number one in its fifth week and was certified Gold after six weeks selling over 7500 copies. The album was then certified Platinum after 10 weeks selling over 15000 copies.
 Hinepukohurangi: Shrouded in the Mist is Whirimako Black's first album. Which won Best Maori Language Album at the 2001 NZ Music Awards.
 Falling in Love is the third album of Filipino TV host actress-singer Toni Gonzaga and her second on Star Records released on June 18 2007 in the Philippines in CD format and digital download. The carrier single released is Catch Me I'm Fallin' accompanied with music video directed by Paul Soriano.
 Hip-Hop Docktrine 3 (The Final Chapter) is the third and final album of hip-hop songs of The Boondocks and part of the Series songs.
 The Dance Collection is a compilation album by Donna Summer released in 1987 (see 1987 in music). Summer had become the biggest star of the disco era in the 1970s when signed to Casablanca Records. By 1987 Summer was signed to the Geffen label and Casablanca had long since been bought out by Polygram. This album was released on Polygram's Casablanca label.
 London Zoo is the third album by the English artist Kevin Martin under his alias of The Bug. It was released in 2008 by Ninja Tune Records. The album was released to widespread critical acclaim.
 Feedback File (フィードバックファイル Fīdobakku Fairu) is the first compilation album by Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation released on October 25 2006. The album is primarily composed of B-side tracks from previously released studio singles and recordings of live performances with the exception of two new non-album tracks Kaiga Kyōshitsu and Dōdōmeguri no Yoru. It was released with a limited edition two-disc DVD version which included additional live footage.
 For Once in My Life is the ninth (tenth overall) studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder on Motown Records released in November 1968. Then eighteen years old Wonder had established himself as one of Motown's consistent hit-makers. This album continued Wonder's growth as a vocalist songwriter and producer. It featured songs like the title track Shoo-Be-Doo-Be-Doo-Da-Day and the modest hits I Don't Know Why and You Met Your Match.
 Ronald Reagan Speaks Out Against Socialized Medicine is a 1961 LP featuring Ronald Reagan. In this more than ten-minute recording Reagan criticized Social Security for supplanting private savings and warned that subsidized medicine would curtail Americans' freedom and that pretty soon your son won't decide when he's in school where he will go or what he will do for a living.
 The Prison - A Book With A Soundtrack (or simply The Prison) is Michael Nesmith's seventh solo album of his post-Monkees career and his first to be released under his own record label Pacific Arts. It includes a novella meant to be read while listening to the album as its soundtrack. In 1994 Nesmith recorded a companion novella/album entitled The Garden.
 The Distance is the third studio album by American blue-eyed soul singer Taylor Hicks released on March 10 2009. It is the first release by Hicks under his own independent label Modern Whomp after parting ways with Arista Records.The Distance was produced by Simon Climie and features eleven tracks on the main version including the single What's Right Is Right and Nineteen which tells the story of a teenage football star who joins the armed forces after the 9/11 attacks.
 Værsgo is the debut album of Kim Larsen who formed Gasolin' in 1969 with Wili Jønsson and Franz Beckerlee. It was released in 1973 while he was still a member of Gasolin' and the album contains songs which were not found suitable for Gasolin'. With 17 songs it was apparent that Kim Larsen had a lot of songs to offer. It is also apparent why these songs did not fit into the Gasolin' frame.
 The Infinite Desire is an album by Italian-American jazz fusion and Latin jazz guitarist Al Di Meola released in 1998.
 Fallen Leaves & Dead Sparrows is the sixth album by Finnish heavy metal band Amoral. It was released by Imperial Cassette in Finland 14.02.2104. In Europe it was published by G-Regords 28.03.2014 and the UK - edition was published by Graphite Records 31.3.2014 .Fallen Leaves & Dead Sparrows is produced by Ben Varon. Drums were recorded at Sound Supreme studios by Janne Saksa. Guitars bass & keyboards were recorded at home studios of Amoral. Guitars were re-amped at Sonic Pump Studios.
 Standing Ovation: The Greatest Songs from the Stage is the fourth studio album by Scottish singer Susan Boyle. It was released on 13 November 2012. The album features renditions of songs from musical theatre shows and films. It also includes duets with American singer Donny Osmond and The Phantom of the Opera star Michael Crawford.
 An Evening With John Denver is a live album of music that was performed by American singer-songwriter John Denver. It was recorded at the Universal Amphitheatre in Los Angeles California in August and September of 1974. He was backed by an orchestra conducted by Lee Holdridge. Denver's manager Milton Okun was the album's music producer.
 Sex and Flags is a compilation of songs by the British group Stackridge. It was released in the U.K. by Angel Air.
 Funky Town (stylized FuNKYToWN) is the debut studio album by Kenyan group Camp Mulla. It was released on September 29 2012. News of the album first came out on the group's Wordpress blog on 17 April 2012 the same day the music video for Hold It Down the first single from the album was released on YouTube.The album gained wide publicity when Camp Mulla performed at the opening of the 2012 Safari Sevens on September 22 2012 to promote it.
 Always is the third album by British singer Hazell Dean. Released in 1988 it coincided with the singer's comeback and featured the hit singles Who's Leaving Who (UK #4) Maybe (We Should Call it a Day) (UK #15) and Turn It into Love (UK #21). Also included were remixes of earlier singles They Say It's Gonna Rain Walk in My Shoes No Fool (For Love) and Always Doesn't Mean Forever. The album itself reached No.38 - her highest placing in the album charts.
 The Dragon Experience is an album by cEvin Key & Ken 'hiwatt' Marshall released in 2003.The model on the cover is Spencer Elden who was also the baby on the cover of Nirvana's 1991 album Nevermind.
 Statt opp (Maggeduliadei) is the third EP released by the Norwegian band Gåte.
 Elisir is the ninth studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Alice released in late 1987 on EMI Music.The album was recorded after the 1986/1987 European Park Hotel concert tour and includes new interpretations of six songs from the singer's earlier repertoire as performed on the tour as well as the previously unreleased Nuvole (Clouds) and a cover version of John Lennon and Paul McCartney's The Fool on the Hill released as the album's lead single.
 Cinemasonic is a live album by All About Eve. It was released both as a CD and as a DVD and is a recording of the band's gig on 31 May 2002 at the Shepherd's Bush Empire.
 Tony Rice Sings Gordon Lightfoot is a compilation album by American guitarist Tony Rice released in 1996. It contains tracks written by Gordon Lightfoot and previously recorded by Rice plus a previously unreleased track Whispers of the North.
 Underground Luxury is the third studio album by American hip hop recording artist B.o.B. The album was released on December 17 2013 by Grand Hustle Records Rebel Rock Entertainment and Atlantic Records. The album was supported by six singles We Still in This Bitch HeadBand Ready All I Want John Doe and Throwback. The album features guest appearances from Future 2 Chainz T.I. Juicy J Priscilla Renea Ester Dean and Chris Brown among others.
 When Incubus Attacks Volume 2 is an album released by the band Incubus in 1999. The main feature of the DVD is a collection of songs performed at the Sno-Core festival. Also included on the DVD are official videos for all the bands singles released to that point. Included is an extra video for Anti-Gravity Love Song a portion from an acoustic concert that the band played and out-takes from the band backstage while at the festival among other features.
 Mauve is the second album by the American alternative rock band Ringo Deathstarr. It was released in September 2012 by the labels Sonic Unyon and Club AC30.
 Pixie Lott is the upcoming third studio album by English recording artist Pixie Lott which is set to be released on 4 August 2014. Lott began recording the album in mid-2012 citing Motown as an influence on the album. Nasty was released as the album's lead single on 7 March 2014. Prior to the single's release Heart Cry was released as a promotional track for which a video debuted on 17 December 2013.
 Manpower is an album by Miquel Brown recorded in 1983. Includes the major international hits So Many Men So Little Time and He's a Saint He's a Sinner which peaked at number two and number twenty-nine respectively as well as the moderate hits Beeline and Sunny Day.So Many Men So Little Time is considered by many within the male gay community to be one of the greatest dance songs from the 1980s.
 Moelyci is a 2007 album by the poet singer and songwriter Steve Eaves. Eaves sings and plays guitar on the album and is backed by his long-time backing band Rhai Pobl. The album also features the well-known Welsh poet Gerallt Lloyd Owen reciting his poetry accompanied by music. All the songs are sung in Welsh.
 La La La Love Thang is the ninth studio album of Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota released on December 2 1996. The album has been certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan. It was also successful in international music markets and yielded two singles: Niji No Grand Slam and La La La Love Song. Kubota then embarked on his first international concert tour in 1996 which he titled the Oyeees! Tour.
 The Country of Blinds is a studio album by United States experimental rock and jazz band Skeleton Crew recorded at Sunrise Studio Kirchberg Switzerland December 1985 and January 1986. It was their second and final album and was released in 1986.Skeleton Crew had become the trio of Fred Frith Tom Cora and Zeena Parkins when this album was made. The music here is richer more rhythmical and the songs more developed than on their first album and this ultimately led to the band's break-up.
 First Pull Up Then Pull Down is the second album by Hot Tuna released in 1971 as RCA Victor LSP-4550. The album was recorded live with electric instruments instead of the acoustic instruments used on the previous album Hot Tuna. The album rose to #43 on the Billboard charts. In 1996 RCA released the CD box set Hot Tuna in a Can which included a remastered version of this album along with remasters of the albums Hot Tuna Burgers America's Choice and Hoppkorv.
 Unbreakable: A Retrospective 1990–2006 is a compilation album from alternative rock band The Afghan Whigs released on June 5 2007 on Rhino Records.The album came six years after the group disbanded in 2001. The latest line-up last seen in activity on the 1998 album 1965 and during its subsequent tour regrouped in late 2006 to record two new songs for the project Magazine and I'm A Soldier.
 Love & Hope & Sex & Dreams is a BoDeans album released in May 1986 on Slash/Warner Bros. The album was produced by T-Bone Burnett. The album title comes from the lyrics to the Rolling Stones song Shattered. It reached number 115 on the Billboard 200 chart.
 Jumping the Tracks is the forthcoming fifth studio album release from +/-. It contains 12 tracks.
 Beautiful World is the fourth studio album by Connie Talbot. It was released on 26 November 2012. It charted at number 1 in Taiwan.
 NOW is the fourteenth studio album by British band Jade Warrior. Released on 30 June 2008 on the WindWeaver label it comes after a 15 year gap since their last album Distant Echoes.
 Remixes 2: 81–11 is a remix compilation album by English electronic music group Depeche Mode released on 3 June 2011. The album is the band's second remix collection following Remixes 81–04 (2004). It spans the band's entire career and includes new arrangements by former Depeche Mode members Vince Clarke and Alan Wilder.
 The Blue Notebooks is the second album by British producer/composer Max Richter.The album features readings from Franz Kafka's The Blue Octavo Notebooks and Czesław Miłosz's Hymn of the Pearl and Unattainable Earth. Both readings are by the British actress Tilda Swinton.The track On the Nature of Daylight was used in the 2006 Will Ferrell film Stranger than Fiction. It also appears on the soundtrack of Martin Scorsese's 2010 film Shutter Island.
 Mason Jennings is the self-titled debut album by Mason Jennings.
 Amor a la Mexicana (English: Mexican-style love) is the fifth studio album by Mexican singer Thalía.
 Stakk Attakk is the debut album by Wrathchild released in June 1984.Recorded at DJM Studio in London and mastered at Abbey Road the album was engineered by Murray Harris and produced by former Magnum guitarist Robin George in addition to him contributing guitar work drum programming and background vocals.The lead single from the album was Alrite With the Boyz a cover of Gary Glitter's 1975 single Doing Alright With the Boys.
 Brian Jones Presents the Pipes of Pan at Joujouka was an album produced by Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones. The album was a recording of the Moroccan group the Master Musicians of Joujouka in performance on 29 July 1968 in the village of Jajouka in Morocco and released on Rolling Stones Records and distributed by Atco Records in 1971. Jones called the tracks a specially chosen representation of music played in the village during the annual week-long Rites of Pan Festival.
 The Serpent’s Lair (2000) is a two disc collaborative album by the American ambient artists Steve Roach and Byron Metcalf Phd. This project began as a study conducted by Metcalf into the therapeutic effects of tribal rhythms and hypnotic breathing.The music often originated with rhythms performed by Metcalf into which Roach would infuse other elements until the finished product had completely different rhythmic qualities than the original source material.
 Songs from the Bar Room Floor is the first album by The Flaming Stars. It was recorded entirely using valve equipment at Toe Rag Studios in London during January and February 1996. Produced by Liam Watson and The Flaming Stars. Mastered at Porky's by Mr George Peckham. The record is dedicated to the then recently departed Dean Martin Sterling Morrison and Charlie Rich.
 Synthetic Generation is the debut album of the Swedish metal band Deathstars. This was also the only album to have Beast X Electric (Erik Halvorsen) on lead guitar
 My Girl is Kim Hyung-jun's debut solo Korean EP. It was released on March 8 2011 by S-Plus Entertainment and distributed by CJ E&M Music. The album was also released in Japan and Taiwan.
 2010 is the debut double album by the hip-hop rap group Rushden & Diamonds released in 2010 by Volunteer Media Threshold Recordings and Fontana North Distribution.
 Book of Tells (subtitled Five Pieces for String Quartet) is an album by violinist Mark Feldman which was released on the Enja label in 2001.
 Super Pack 2 is a compilation album by hip hop group Fly Union. The album was released on February 28 2013. The album compiles three EPs from Fly Union's Value Pack EP series (Value Pack 5 Value Pack 6 and Value Pack 7 (Zenith)). The album features guest appearances from artists Chip tha Ripper and GLC
 Submit to Selfdestruction is an EP by Shining released in 1998. It is a black 7 inch pressing limited to 300 handnumbered copies. Kvarforth was 14 years old when Submit to Selfdestruction was released. The tracks on this EP also appear on Through Years of Oppression.
 Heartaches and Tears is the fourth studio album released by American country artist Jean Shepard. The album was released in January 1962 on Capitol Records and was produced by Marvin Hughes. This was one of Shepard's few albums to not spawn any singles but would be one of a series of albums she cut for the Capitol label.
 Morning Star is an album by flautist Hubert Laws released on the CTI and recorded at Rudy Van Gelder's studio in 1972.
 Fiddle Fire: 25 Years of the CDB is an album by bluegrass and country rock artist Charlie Daniels. It was originally released on August 18 1998 but was re-released on July 12 2005.
 The Future Sound of Nostalgia is The DC3's debut album. It was released on September 1 2011.
 Kyūtai (球体) is an album by Mucc released on March 4 2009. Daisuke from Kagerou helps sings the chorus in track 2. Tracks 3 and 10 were produced with Ken from L'Arc-en-Ciel. Miya's mother helps sings the chorus on track 9 as the song was written about the death of his grandmother. The album reached number 12 on the Oricon chart.
 Straight Outta Cashville is the debut studio album by rapper Young Buck. It was released on August 24 2004 through G-Unit & Interscope.
 Cowboy in Sweden is a 1970 album by musician Lee Hazlewood. The album was recorded to complement a television production of the same title that Hazlewood starred in. Hazlewood was joined on vocals by Nina Lizell and Suzi Jane Hokom.
 Los Éxitos Vol. 1 is an album by Lito & Polaco. released in 2000. It is a collection of hits and some new songs. A video for Por Más Que Intentes Vencer was made.
 Hong Kong Love is a series of two greatest hits compilation albums by cantopop singer Prudence Liew both released in 1991.
 Ahh...The Name Is Bootsy Baby! is a funk album by Bootsy's Rubber Band released on January 14 1977. It reached number one on Billboard magazine's Top R&B/Soul albums chart the first P-Funk release to achieve this goal. The album was produced by George Clinton and William Bootsy Collins and arranged by Bootsy and Casper (names William Collins uses to refer to his various roles ).
 Rated G is the third album by the 5th Ward Boyz released on November 28 1995 through Rap-a-Lot Records. Producer Mike Dean who had produced the group's previous two albums returned to produce the album with the three members of the 5th Ward Boyz co-producing the album. N.O. Joe who also produced the group's first two albums did not contribute to this album.Rated G peaked at 189 on the Billboard 200 and 35 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums their lowest peak position on either chart.
 Jumping All Over the World is the thirteenth studio album by German techno group Scooter released in Germany in 2007. Five singles have been released from it: The Question Is What Is the Question? And No Matches Jumping All Over the World a remix of I'm Lonely and a new version of Jump That Rock! titled Jump That Rock (Whatever You Want) recorded with British rock group Status Quo.
 Dreams is an album by Hungarian guitarist Gábor Szabó featuring performances recorded in 1968 and released on the Skye label.
 The Amazing Spider-Man 2 (The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) is the official soundtrack from the 2014 film of the same name by Hans Zimmer. The soundtrack was released on April 22 2014.
 Kamikaze Shirt is the seventh album by Fischer-Z. Due to the critical praise the previous album Destination Paradise received Fischer-Z carried on in the same style for this album. Still focusing on political observational lyrics the album is considered to be the darker half of Destination Paradise dealing with the international have nots of the world.
 Terra Incognita: Ambient Works 1975 to Present is a compilation of Boyd Rice music previously released under his own name as well as his alias NON.
 Fabric 08 is a DJ mix compilation album by Radioactive Man as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 Trompeta Toccata is a 1964 jazz album by trumpeter Kenny Dorham. It was released on Blue Note label in 1964 as BST 84181. It was remastered by Rudy Van Gelder in 2006. Trompeta Toccata as the previous Una Mas features only four pieces three of which were written by Dorham himself. They are mostly fast bop pieces featuring long trumpet and saxophones solos. Like many Dorham compositions they incorporate elements of Latin music and blues.
 This is the Ice Age was Martha and the Muffins' third album released on LP and cassette in 1981. The track Women Around the World at Work was released as a single in the UK and Canada.The album was a debut for Daniel Lanois as a rock music producer; he would later (often in partnership with Brian Eno) produce for artists as diverse as U2 Bob Dylan and Dashboard Confessional. Daniel's sister Jocelyne was a member of the band playing bass and singing backing vocals on this album.
 Mal Waldron with the Steve Lacy Quintet is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron and soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy released on the French America label in 1972. The original LP release featured three tracks and the 2005 CD reissue added two alternate takes.
 The Return of the Jedi score was recorded at the Abbey Road studios in January and February 1983. Again John Williams conducted the London Symphony Orchestra and served as producer. Orchestrator Herbert W. Spencer engineer Eric Tomlinson music editor Kenneth Wannberg and record supervisor Lionel Newman again reprised their respective duties. The score won another Academy Award nomination for Williams.
 Doctor Who: The 50th Anniversary Collection is a collection of music from the first fifty years of Doctor Who that was released 9 December 2013 by Silva Screen Records and compiled by Mark Ayres. The tracklisting was released on 15 November 2013. A condensed 2-disc release was prepared for the United States market with a digital release on 17 December 2013 and a CD release on 4 February 2014. The cover for this US release is the same as the four disc version but with a blue tint.
 Maiden of the Cancer Moon is a live album by American psychedelic rock band Quicksilver Messenger Service.
 Hlemmur is a soundtrack from 2002 composed and performed by the Icelandic band Sigur Rós. It is an instrumental electronic score to the Icelandic documentary Hlemmur which is named after Reykjavík's main bus terminal.It was first sold to the public in the spring 2003 European and American tours. It is composed of 19 tracks some of which are variations of the same theme.
 Smoke N Mirrors is the debut solo album of B-Real lead rapper of Cypress Hill released on February 24 2009 B-Real said that Fredwreck and will.i.am may be producing for this album and that Cypress Hill's next release was expected to be out sometime in Summer of 2008. Smoke N Mirrors was released on B-Real's record label Audio Hustlaz. It features guest appearances from Snoop Dogg Damian Marley Sen Dog Soopafly and more.
 Jenilca is the first studio album recorded by Puerto Rican singer Jenilca Giusti. The first single of this album are Enamorada de Ti that single has successfully placed between songs heard and requested the Puerto Rican radio.Also Jenilca was compose some of the songs like: Ya Es Muy Tarde Enamorada de Ti Hope That You Are Ok También te Fallé and Besos.
 Dois (Portuguese for Two) is the second studio album by Brazilian rock band Legião Urbana. It was released in July 1986.
 The Best and the Rest is a greatest hits album by Savatage that was released on November 21 1997 by JVC Records in Japan. The majority of the tracks were selected as part of a reader's vote promotion in the Japanese hard rock magazine Burrn!.The booklet for the album contains lyrics Japanese translations of the lyrics liner notes by Savatage producer/songwriter Paul O'Neill a band biography and a Savatage discography.
 Falling Through a Field is the first album by the American psychedelic rock band Black Moth Super Rainbow released in 2003. It is the band's fourth album of releases under the name Satanstompingcaterpillars are included in the chronology. Some of the songs here were from the Satanstompingcaterpillars era albums like The Autumn Kaleidoscope Got Changed and The Most Wonderfulest Thing.
 No One Does It Better is an album that was released by soulDecision on August 22 2000. The album was recorded in 1999 and features 11 tracks and 5 singles.
 Playing Away at Home is a video feature released by Wet Wet Wet in 1997. It was recorded on September 7 1997 at Celtic Park in Glasgow.
 The Artist In The Ambulance is Thrice's third album but their first on a major label. The album peaked at #16 on The Billboard 200 charts.[citation needed] As with The Illusion of Safety a portion of the sales of this CD were donated to a charitable cause. In this case it was the Syrentha J.
 Lord of Woe is the second release by Australian deathcore band Make Them Suffer.
 Colonel Blood is the second album from Northern Ireland band Fighting with Wire which is due to be released on September 21st in Ireland & September 24th 2012 in the UK.
 Melodic Rock EP is and EP released by the hard rock band Harem Scarem that was only available for purchase from the melodicrock.com website. It was intended for the fans as a make-up for the band missing the MelodicRock festival. It was originally only available as a digital download but has since been available on physical CDs from the melodicrock.com website. The recording is the band performing a few songs in an acoustical format.
 The Music - WWE - Volume 7 is a compilation album released by WWE. Unlike past WWE albums this was released as a U.S. iTunes Store exclusive although it has recently been added to the UK and Canada iTunes music stores. It contains 21 tracks representing many genres of music. It is not available at any other online retailer or any walk-in store.
 Magnya Carta (マグニャカルタ magunya karuta) is the second studio album released by An Cafe on November 29 2006 in Japan and on May 21 2007 in South Korea. A limited edition was released as well containing an additional DVD with several music videos. The album which also Bou's last appearance in An Cafe peaked at No. 33 on the Japanese albums chart.
 Love the Donkey is an album by percussionist Cyro Baptista's percussion and dance ensemble Beat the Donkey which was released on the Tzadik label in 2005. The album was privately released as Beat the Donkey Beat in 2004.
 Frail as Breath is an independently released solo EP by Canadian electronic artist Mark Templeton. The album was re-released in connection with net label Robotopera in 2005.
 Suck out the Poison is He Is Legend's second full-length studio album and was released on October 3 2006. It was produced and mixed by Steve Evetts. It received mixed reviews from long-time fans due to a major difference in vocalist Schuylar Croom's vocals. The FAQ section of their website addresses this:
 Skullgrid is the first full-length studio album by Behold... The Arctopus released in 2007 on Black Market Activities. It contains seven studio recordings of previously unreleased original compositions.The album was released on CD and two different versions of vinyl. The first version was a red/black splattered vinyl colour limited to 300 copies and the second was a white/red splattered vinyl colour limited to 200 copies. Both versions of the vinyl came with a copy of the CD as well.
 Pulse of the Earth is the third studio album from American trip hop/indie duo Hungry Lucy. The album was written by the duo Christa Belle and Warren Harrison in the Tennessee mountains deliberately away from outside influences due to concerns that Hungry Lucy had become more about social media and less about the kind of great songs the pair loved to write. The album was released in 2010 under the Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported Creative Commons license.
 The Good Life is a compilation album released by clothing company FUBU in conjunction with Universal Records. It was released on September 25 2001 and consisted of a blend of hip hop and contemporary R&B. The Good Life peaked at 52 on the Billboard 200 and 9 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.One charting single was released Fatty Girl by Ludacris LL Cool J and Keith Murray. It peaked at 87 on the Billboard Hot 100 32 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and 6 on the Hot Rap Singles.
 Trial of Champions is the second EP by Canadian power metal band 3 Inches of Blood. It was released in digital download format on October 17 2007 by Roadrunner Records. The title track was inspired by the Fighting Fantasy game book of the same name and features a similar plot in which an enslaved gladiator fights his way to victory and ultimately kills the emperor.
 New Mann at Newport is a 1967 album by jazz flutist Herbie Mann. The full title on the cover is New Mann at Newport: Herbie Mann Returns to the Newport Jazz Festival & Plays She's a Carioca/All Blues/Project S/Scratch/Summertime. All but one track were recorded at the Newport Jazz Festival.
 Dick's Picks Volume 9 is the ninth live album in the Dick's Picks series of releases by the Grateful Dead. It was recorded on September 16 1990 at the Madison Square Garden in New York City during the first tour with new keyboardists Vince Welnick and Bruce Hornsby. This CD contains the full show from that night.Another Grateful Dead album recorded during the same run of concerts at Madison Square Garden is Road Trips Volume 2 Number 1.
 Redux: Europe is the third solo album by Kee Marcello the former guitarist in the Swedish hard rock band Europe. It was released on November 11 2011 in Sweden and will be released on January 13 2012 worldwide. It contains the brand new title track as well as re-recordings of Europe and Easy Action tracks.The song Hammers Heart is dedicated to the memory of Gary Moore.
 Junior the fifth full length album by American guitarist Kaki King was released April 13 2010.
 Vince Guaraldi Bola Sete and Friends is a collaboration between pianist Vince Guaraldi and guitarist Bola Sete released in 1963 through Fantasy Records.
 Stealin' Beats EP was the debut release from the British band Kid Galahad. Despite retaining the same line-up the band changed their name in 2006 and are now known as The Furze. The title track Stealin' Beats was recorded in the studio and produced by Jim Abbiss who had previously worked with artists such as UNKLE and DJ Shadow. Days and Nefarious were both recorded live in order to showcase the band's acclaimed live performances.
 Blessed Are the Sick is the second official release from death metal band Morbid Angel. It features an overall slower musical sound although containing very fast riffs and reveals another side of the band with classical music undertones[citation needed] (main composer Trey Azagthoth would dedicate this album to Mozart).
 Heavy Deavy Skull Lover is the fourth album by the Los Angeles based neo-psychedelic rock band the Warlocks. It was released in 2007 by Tee Pee Records; a small psychedelia themed label also home to band cohorts The Brian Jonestown Massacre. The album is produced by Rod Cervera who had previously worked on debut album Rise and Fall.
 James Young is the tenth comedy album released by Northern Irish comedian and actor James Young and the first to be released posthumously.The album cover features a picture taken by Stanley Matchett of Young at his home 'Camelot' in Ballyhalbert. The back cover features sleeve notes written by Young's former partner Jack Hudson.It is a mix of Young's sketches serious monologues and comedy songs.
 REMIXXXX is an album by You Say Party (formerly You Say Party! We Say Die!) released on September 21 2010 by Paper Bag Digital. REMIXXXX is a reworking of their previous album XXXX.
 Boot to the Head is a Canadian comedy album performed by The Frantics comedy troupe. Originally released as an LP in 1987 it was re-issued in 1996 as a CD with the same track listing. The album features a number of skits from their radio show Frantic Times as well as a few sketches that could not be aired to a general audience. The sketches were recorded over a three-day period in front of a live audience at the Toronto Free Theatre.
 History is What's Happening is an album by Dutch punk rock band The Ex originally released in 1982.
 Psychédélices (English:Psych-delights) is the third studio album by French recording artist Alizée released on 3 December 2007 by RCA Records. It was the first album without collaboration with Mylene Farmer and Laurent Boutonnat. It was certified gold by the SNEP on March 2008 denoting shipments in excess of 80000 copies in France. It was also certified gold in Mexico on August 2008 for shipments of over 50000 copies in Mexico.
 NYC is a one-off single released by Prince (then known as The Artist) in 1997. The single was available only from Prince's NPG retail store known as 1-800-NEW-FUNK and only in cassette format. It was also advertised as a 4th generation bootleg possibly in an attempt to increase sales from diehard fans. It was recorded live recording at the Roseland Ballroom on January 11 1997 in New York City.Track one was Jam of the Year the opening song from Prince's 1996 album Emancipation.
 From Acid to Zen is the Norwegian rock band BigBang's ninth album and the first released exclusively for the American market. It consist mainly of previously released material except for two new songs. It was released on September 9 2008.
 Pólýfónía (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈpʰouːlifounia]) is the second album by Icelandic Apparat Organ Quartet released on 9 December 2010. A digital version was released on 3 December 2010. The cover was designed by Siggi Eggertsson. According to the band the album is more accessible and more suited to the musical tastes of the masses.
 To All My Friends Blood Makes The Blade Holy: The Atmosphere EP's is a double EP released by the Minneapolis hip hop group Atmosphere. It was released on September 7 2010 on Rhymesayers Entertainment.
 Theorius Campus is a music album by Italian singer-songwriters Antonello Venditti and Francesco De Gregori released by It in 1972. It was the debut work for both artists who sing together in Dolce signora che bruci and In mezzo alla città while the others are solo efforts.De Gregori and Venditti are not mentioned on the cover which shows a painting of Ophelia by English painter John Everett Millais.
 Hardin County Line is the first full-length recorded by country music singer-songwriter Mark Collie. It featured 3 singles one of which Looks Aren't Everything hit the top 40. The other two the title track and Something With A Ring To It failed to chart.
 Strip Me is the third studio album by British singer-songwriter Natasha Bedingfield. Originally due for release on 9 November 2010 the album's release was pushed back to 7 December 2010 on Phonogenic Records.
 El Dorado is the second studio album released by Colombian rock duo Aterciopelados. It was released on October 24 1995 through RCA International.
 Dan Fogelberg Live: Greetings from the West is the twelfth album by American singer/songwriter Dan Fogelberg released in 1991 (see 1991 in music). The album was recorded on June 25 1991 at the Fox Theater St. Louis MO.
 Evst (Topmost) is the first full-length album by the Faroese doom metal band Hamferð. It was released on October 11th 2013 in the Faroe Islands via Tutl.
 Young Mountain is the first EP by the American band This Will Destroy You. It was originally self-recorded and self-released in 2005 and was intended to be a demo to be sold after local shows. Although it was then only available as a CD-R the EP began to receive press mentions including being named one of the best instrumental releases of the year by The Silent Ballet.
 Carolina is the second album by American country music artist Eric Church. It was released on Capitol Records Nashville on March 24 2009 three years after his debut Sinners Like Me. Love Your Love the Most is the album's lead-off single and Church's sixth entry on the Billboard country singles charts. This song follows the non-album single His Kind of Money (My Kind of Love) which peaked outside the Top 40 in mid-2008. As of November 29 2013 the album has sold 715000 copies in the US.
 Darkness in your Life is a four song CD EP by West German synthpop/pop group Crown of Creation. It was released on August 18 2010 and produced by Adrian Lesch.
 No Need to Argue is the second studio album by Irish rock band The Cranberries released in 1994. It was the band's most successful album and has sold about 17 million copies worldwide. It contains the band's most successful single to date Zombie. The album's mood is darker than that on Everybody Else Is Doing It So Why Can't We?. It shows a more mature performance by lyricist and vocalist Dolores O'Riordan writing about war death love and disappointment.
 Controversy Loves Company is The Audition's first full-length release. It was released on September 20 2005 by Victory Records. It has sold roughly 50000 copies as of November 20 2007.
 Klappar och Slag (Pats and Punches) is the second solo album of the Swedish singer Oskar Linnros following Vilja Bli (Wanting to Become). The album was released on May 29 2013 in Sweden. The first single Hur dom än was released on February 20 2013. The same day he performed the song live on the Swedish equivalent to the Grammy Awards Grammisgalan.The album is mostly characterised by more songs being played in minor compared to his previous ones.
 Rough Mix is an album by The Who's guitarist Pete Townshend and The Faces bassist Ronnie Lane.The album was released in September 1977 as Polydor 2442 in the UK and MCA 2295 in the US.The album peaked at number 44 on the UK album chart and at number 45 on the Billboard 200.
 Noble Justice is the debut studio album by American rapper Young Noble released on May 28 2002.
 Paradise Belongs to You is the first album released by doom metal band Saturnus.
 Destination Victoria Station is a 1975 album by country music singer Johnny Cash. It was offered as a CBS Special Product and could only be bought at Victoria Station restaurants. Cash re-recorded many of his old train songs for this album including Hey Porter Casey Jones Waitin' for a Train and Wreck of the Ol' 97 as well as recording two new songs John Henry and Destination Victoria Station.
 The Cat is a 1964 album by Jimmy Smith. It features the sound of Smith's Hammond B-3 organ with big band arrangements by composer Lalo Schifrin. The album reached number 12 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.
 The Very Best of Dan Fogelberg is a 2001 compilation album by Dan Fogelberg released by Sony Records and contains 17 tracks.
 Kinkdom (sometimes referred to as Kinks Kinkdom) is a US only album by the English band The Kinks released in 1965. As with the Kinks-Size album it is made up mainly of songs not released on an equivalent UK LP.
 Trouble Boys is a 2013 studio album by the Swedish dansband Lasse Stefanz. It was released on 19 June 2013 and topped the Sverigetopplistan the official Swedish Albums Chart on 28 June 2013.The album stayed for seven weeks at number 1 position making it one of the most successful Swedish albums of 2013 alongside Mando Diao's Infruset and Gyllene Tider's Dags att tänka på refrängen.It was also released in Norway where it reached number 2 on the Norwegian VG-lista official albums chart.
 Dusty... Definitely is the fourth studio album by singer Dusty Springfield recorded and released in the UK in 1968. Production credits go to both John Franz and for the first time Springfield herself. The songs on this album were chosen because Springfield liked them as stated in the liner notes.
 The Tubes returned to the studio in 1996 for this release. Genius of America marked a number of firsts for the band: the first CD-only release the first self-produced release and the first body of work which includes Gary Cambra. The line-up features Fee Roger Rick Prairie and Gary Cambra.
 The Good the Bad and the Ugly: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack was released in 1966 alongside the Western film The Good the Bad and the Ugly directed by Sergio Leone. The score is composed by frequent Leone collaborator Ennio Morricone whose distinctive original compositions containing gunfire whistling and yodeling permeate the film.
 Horror Wrestling is the first studio album by the Swedish all-female Grunge/Metal band Drain STH released on June 5 1996 (see 1996 in music). It was the band's first full album following the Serve the Shame EP released three years previous.
 Fade Away is the third studio album by American indie rock duo Best Coast released on October 22 2013 on Jewel City. Produced by Wally Gagel the album was recorded at Wax Ltd's studios and was inspired by musical acts like Mazzy Star Patsy Cline My Bloody Valentine and Ambien.
 Boys Will Be Boys is the debut record from the group Rabbitt the South African rock quartet led by Trevor Rabin. It was released in 1975 on Jo'Burg Records in South Africa and promptly went gold faster than any other disc released in the country. The band would go on to win the Sarie Award (South Africa's equivalent to the Grammy) for Best Contemporary Pop.Boys Will Be Boys would later be re-issued in 1989 both in Germany (on Line Music) and in the States (on Jet).
 The Way It Really Is is an album by Lisa Loeb released in 2004 by Zoë/Rounder.The album title got its title from a previous song by Loeb The Way It Really Is.Although the album was not as commercially successful as its predecessors it was very well received by some critics who noted on the mature and strong writing by Loeb with Stephen Thomas Erlewine calling it the best most cohesive record she's made a clean crisp collection of well-crafted gentle tunes that slowly surely work into the subconscious.
 The Quill is the first album by Swedish rock band The Quill.
 For Nevermore's single see Believe in Nothing (song). For the British sitcom see Believe Nothing.Believe in Nothing is the eighth full-length studio album by the British band Paradise Lost mastered at Skyline Studios Düsseldorf and mixed at Horus Sound Studios Hanover between August–September 2000.
 Out of This World is the sole album led by American jazz saxophonist Walter Benton which was recorded in 1960 for the Jazzland label.
 AMBUSH: Live 4 is an Ambush album recorded at the Lonestar Texas Grill in Ottawa on 29 February and 1 March 2008.
 How Ace Are Buildings is the debut album by British alternative rock band A released in 1997.The album was re-released in 1998 in the form of cassette and LTD Edition 12. Whereas the cassette featured the same tracks the 12 album also included a bonus disc featuring 'A' remixes and live tracks.The vinyl edition was limited to 500 copies.
 Vagarosa is the second album of Brazilian singer/songwriter Céu. It was produced by Urban Jungle in 2009. Released by Six Degrees Records in the USA/UK/Germany and by Universal Music in Brazil.
 Revealing is an album by American guitarist James Blood Ulmer featuring George Adams Cecil McBee and Doug Hammond recorded in 1977 and released on the In + Out label. The album marks the first recording by the guitarist but was not wideley issued outside Europe before 1990.
 Music from the Lonely Planet which was later released as Globe Trekker: Ambient Journeys is a collection of world music from the titular series.
 Made Flesh is the second album by Extra Life. According to Rock-A-Rolla magazine the album is darker harder and bleaker than its predecessor Secular Works. Writing in The Quietus Noel Gardner said I heard over a thousand other albums in 2010 and none of them made as lasting an impression as this one or sounded so little like anything else currently being made and described as 'rock music'...the best album of [2010].
 Interlude is an EP by the German power metal band Iron Savior composed of five live tracks four new songs and one cover. The live tracks were recorded at the 1998 Wacken Open Air festival during the tour promoting their first album Iron Savior. The new songs return to the ongoing science fiction story that began on the debut album and continued on the band's second album Unification. Desert Plains is a cover of Judas Priest's song from the album Point of Entry.
 Rated O is the tenth full-length album by Brooklyn-based indie rock band by Oneida released as a triple LP.
 New River is a collaborative album by American mandolinist David Grisman and jazz pianist Denny Zeitlin released in 2001. The album offers not usual combination of piano and mandolin and is written half/half by Zeitlin and Grisman plus one song they wrote together in the studio during recording of the album. [1]
 Blue Wail is an album by pianist Uri Caine which was released on the Winter & Winter label in 1999.
 'Lullaby Land' was Vampire Rodents' third album and their first of two on Re-Constriction Records.
 Backseat Heroine is Emma-Lee's second album released February 7 2012. Produced by Marc Rogers Karen Kosowski and Emma-Lee and released on the Special Agent label under exclusive license to eOne Music Canada.
 Super Extra Bonus Party LP is the title of Super Extra Bonus Party's debut Choice Music Prize winning album. It was released on April 13 2007. It has received much critical acclaim in Ireland and has been called the most inventive Irish album this decade and contender for Irish album of the year. It was nominated for the Choice Music Prize in January 2007 subsequently winning on February 27.
 Old Trick New Dog was a 1998 release from David Cassidy on his own Slamajama Records label. In addition to new songs it also features several remakes of songs from The Partridge Family. The single lifted from the album - No Bridge I Wouldn't Cross - was an Adult Contemporary Top 20 hit in the USA.
 Little Figures is the first full-length LP by Athens Georgia's The Method Actors. The album was first released as a 17 track double LP by UK label Armageddon Records in 1981. It was released as a single 10-track LP on the US label Press Records the following year.
 Nora Today is the studio album by Filipino singer-actress Nora Aunor released in 1972 by Alpha Records Corporation in the Philippines in LP format and later released in 2000 in a compilation/ cd format. The album contains 12 tracks of the well-loved songs of all time.
 Cover Songs is an UK bootleg released on black and colored vinyl in 2010. Wrap-round sleeve. The album contains covers of songs by bands from the 1970s and 1980s.
 Ya Viene el Sol (The sun is coming) is the third album recorded by Spanish synthpop band Mecano in 1984. The album was the beginning of a more sophisticated and mature band. It included new sounds in the band's music using the sampler/workstation Fairlight CMI. After this album the band assumed the production of their records from the start. This album includes the only song that Ana Torroja wrote with the band.
 == Release ==Takeover Records released its second issue of 3-Way on June 28 2005.It was released with three bands: Takeover's own Near Miss (band) Reeve Oliver and The Matches. Each band has three songs on the CD. The songs included on this EP by The Matches were co produced engineered and mixed by Mikael Johnston founder of Mephisto Odyssey and Dresden and Johnston.
 Trim 9th Ward High Roller is an EP by Surgery released on June 30 1993 through Amphetamine Reptile Records. Featuring improved songwriting and tighter musicianship the band expanded upon their mix of blues and southern rock with noise rock while developing a more straightforward sound.
 Let the Snakes Crinkle Their Heads to Death is the fifth album by English alternative rock band Felt released in 1986.Their first album for Creation Records it is composed of short instrumentals in different styles and is less than nineteen minutes in length. The original album cover featured a photo of the band which was replaced on reissues by a cropped version.
 Powstanie Warszawskie (Polish for Warsaw Uprising) is a second studio album released in March 2005 by Polish band Lao Che. It consists of 10 songs illustrating the course of 1944 uprising in Warsaw Poland. The album received many prestigious nominations and awards: No.
 Big Country At The BBC is a box set compilation comprising Big Country’s recordings and sessions for the BBC between 1982 and 1990.
 Remixed is a 2001 album by Sarah McLachlan.It collects various dance club versions of McLachlan's songs remixed by DJs such as William Orbit Tiësto BT and Rabbit in the Moon.The remix for Plenty appeared in slightly edited format (perhaps to allow for easier crossfading with the tracks before and after it) on the second Queer as Folk soundtrack.As of January 2005 the album has sold 118000 copies in the United States.
 Tales Told by Dead Friends is the debut EP from Tallahassee band Mayday Parade.
 ... quando tu mi spiavi in cima a un batticuore is an album by Italian singer Mina released in 1970.
 Lennie Tristano also known as Tristano is a 1956 album by bebop jazz pianist Lennie Tristano. At its release the album was controversial for its innovative use of technology with Tristano overdubbing piano and manipulating tape speed for effect on the first four tracks. The final five songs are live recordings.
 War Stories is the third album from Unkle. The album was released in Japan on 20 June 2007 Europe and the UK on 2 July 2007 followed by a 24 July release date in North America. War Stories debuted at #58 in Australia. The album was promoted by three singles: Burn My Shadow Hold My Hand and Restless.
 Live: The Early Years is a UK DVD compilation of three Electric Light Orchestra concerts from the 1970s that includes Fusion – Live in London (1976) along with two other never before released live performances at Brunel University (1973) and on a German television programme Rockpalast (1974) Eagle Rock Entertainment released it on 9 August 2010. The US had a slightly edited release on 24 August 2010.
 John Dawson Winter III is the seventh studio album by Johnny Winter released in 1974.
 With or Without You is a live CD/DVD U2 tribute album recorded by the Dutch band Kane. The DVD was filmed on September 20 2000 at Plan C in Rotterdam. The CD was recorded a day later at Paridiso Amsterdam. The album was released in December 2000 but only in the Netherlands.
 Ryūzetsuran (竜舌蘭 Agave) is a 2004 album by Japanese rock band GO!GO!7188.
 So Fresh: The Hits of Autumn 2002 is a compilation of songs that were popular in Australia in summer 2002. The album was released on March 25 2002.
 Come Alive is an album by Contemporary Christian music singer/songwriter Mark Schultz released on August 25 2009.
 High Times: Singles 1992–2006 is the fifth compilation album released by British funk/acid jazz band Jamiroquai released on 6 November 2006 in the United Kingdom and 8 November 2006 in Japan.
 Industrial Complex is the sixth studio album from British EBM group Nitzer Ebb. It was released by Major Records on January 22 2010 (2010-01-22) in Europe fifteen years after the band's last studio album. This is the band's first release after parting company with Mute Records following its 2006 retrospective Body of Work. The Belgian edition (from Alfa Matrix) includes various bonus tracks.
 From the Inside is the name of a studio album by country music singer Lynn Anderson released in 1978. Although well-reviewed in Stereo Review and other publications the album proved to be the least successful of her career at Columbia Records and her only album for the label not to make the Billboard Country Albums chart.
 Mutantes Ao Vivo – Barbican Theatre Londres 2006 is a live double CD and single DVD by the Brazilian band Os Mutantes. The album was recorded at the first Mutantes concert since 1978 at London's Barbican Arts Centre.
 In the City is the debut studio album of British mod revival/punk rock band The Jam.
 Temptation Come My Way is The Showdown's second album. It is a departure from the sound of their previous album which was a combination of southern metal and melodic death metal. The sound of Temptation Come My Way is southern rock combined with more traditional heavy metal. It is also the last album to feature Andrew Hall and the first album to feature former Still Remains drummer AJ Barrette.
 Blue Spirits is the tenth album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Hubbard James Spaulding Joe Henderson Harold Mabern Jr. Larry Ridley Clifford Jarvis Big Black Kiane Zawadi Hank Mobley McCoy Tyner Bob Cranshaw Pete LaRoca. The CD release added tracks from a 1966 session featuring Hosea Taylor Herbie Hancock Reggie Workman and Elvin Jones.
 Birth Day is the fourth album by the now-solidified Louisville Kentucky group New Birth. It released in 1972 on RCA Records and it was produced by mentor Harvey Fuqua and his uncredited assistant Vernon Bullock and was the album that put the group on the map.
 Groove Family Cyco / Snapped Lika Mutha is the 3rd album by Infectious Grooves a 1994 concept record about a family of crazy people (the 'Cycos'). The Violent & Funky music video appeared in Beavis and Butthead.
 Hot Shot is the fifth studio album released by Jamaican-American rapper Shaggy. The album was first released on August 8 2000 in the United States before being issued in the United Kingdom on April 8 2001 with a revised tracklisting. The revised U.K. edition was also released in Europe but without the song Why You Mad At Me?. Hot Shot was certified Diamond in the United States and has sold 8.8 million copies. The album has an estimated 20 million worldwide sales.
 Stroll along with Stomp are the eighth and ninth studio albums by the Boston ska punk band Big D and the Kids Table released on June 11 2013 by Strictly Rude Records.Dedicated to the memory of Martin Richard Krystle Campbell Lingzi Lu Sean Collier and the many wounded at 2013 Boston Marathon bombing.
 In Full View is the debut album by country singer-songwriter Victoria Shaw.Of the 11 tracks here Shaw co-wrote the first ten (notably two of those ten with pop songwriter Desmond Child) and wrote the last one by herself. Four singles were released (Cry Wolf Tears Dry Forgiveness (A Day in the Life of a) Single Mother) and all of them placed very low on the US Country chart (57 74 and 58 for the first three; the last one failed to chart).
 Culdesac is the third mixtape by American rapper Childish Gambino better known as Donald Glover released July 3 2010. The entire mixtape was self produced with assistance from Community composer Ludwig Göransson. It was originally meant to be released on July 2 but was delayed for one day due to last minute material. Like his other mixtapes Culdesac was released for free download.
 Bobby Vinton's Greatest Hits is a low-budget collection of ten previously recorded songs by Bobby Vinton released in 1990 by Curb Records. For this collection there are seven songs that were recorded for Epic Records two for ABC Records and one for Curb.
 Greatest Hits + Five Unreleased is a greatest hits compilation released by American singer/musician Steve Perry in 1998. The album contains hits from his two solo albums Street Talk (1984) and For the Love of Strange Medicine (1994) as well as several previously unreleased tracks from the abandoned solo project Against the Wall as well as demos b-sides and collaborations.Against the Wall was originally going to be Perry's second solo album.
 Dirty Rotten EP/LP is the 1983 debut release by the crossover thrash band Dirty Rotten Imbeciles. The album has a very gritty sound. It is considered one of the first thrashcore albums. Originally released in 1982 as a 7 Dirty Rotten EP (played at 33 RPM) with 22 songs it sold out quickly. It was later remixed and re-released as a full album with the same 22 songs but in a different order and titled Dirty Rotten LP.
 The Heart of a Woman is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released on November 25 1974 by Columbia Records and had mostly new material in that only three of the 10 songs had already been recorded by other artists. It made its first appearance on Billboard magazine's Top LP's & Tapes chart in the issue dated December 28 1974 and remained there for seven weeks peaking at number 139.
 Playback was an album recorded by The Appletree Theatre in 1967.The project was set up by brothers Terry and John Boylan. It was written directed and performed by the Boylan brothers supported by leading jazz session musicians including Larry Coryell and Eric Gale.
 An Evil Shade of Grey is the debut album by Swedish gothic metal band Cemetary released in 1992 on Black Mark Productions.
 Most Beloved or Beloved (寵愛) is a Cantopop album by Leslie Cheung released in 1995 after a long personal struggle between deciding to make a comeback or to make good his retirement vow.
 Bring on the Night is a 1986 live album by Sting recorded over the course of several live shows in 1985 and released in 1986. The title is taken from a song by The Police from their 1979 album Reggatta de Blanc. The songs performed include Sting's early solo material from the studio album The Dream of the Blue Turtles and from his time with The Police with a few of the performances played as medleys of the two.
 Labudova pesma (trans. Swan Song) is the eleventh studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba released in 1992.
 The Feelin's Good is an album by jazz tenor saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on March 7 and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Mobley Donald Byrd Herbie Hancock Butch Warren and Philly Joe Jones.
 Jam is the third studio album by British rock band Little Angels. It peaked at number one in the UK Albums Chart in 1993. It set a record for the shortest chart stay by a chart-topping album climbing to the top and dropping off the bottom in just five weeks. The album features the band's biggest hit Womankind which peaked at no. 12 during a five-week stay in the UK charts.
 4 in Love is third and the last studio album by Mini Cookies and it was released on December 18 2004.
 In the Fishtank 7 features Low and Dirty Three. In November 1999 Konkurrent invited Low to record one of Konk's in house Fishtank-sessions. Low being familiar with the series accepted. In the spirit of 'In The Fishtank' Low took things a step further and extended the invitation to their friends Dirty Three to collaborate on the session which took place when both bands played the Crossing Border Festival in Amsterdam.
 More Oar: A Tribute to the Skip Spence Album is a 1999 tribute album completed shortly before and released shortly after the death of Moby Grape founding member Skip Spence. The album contains cover versions by various artists of Spence's music from his Oar album released in 1969 presented in the same order as on the original album.
 My God is the eighth album by the thrash metal band Flotsam and Jetsam. It was released on May 22 2001. It was recorded between October 2000 and January 2001.
 The Youngbloods is an album by the American folk rock band The Youngbloods released in 1967. It was also reissued in 1971 under the title Get Together after the popular single from the album. The album peaked at number 131 on the Billboard 200 although two years later the single Get Together reached number five and sold more than a million copies.
 Pianotarium is a piano tribute album to Metallica by Scott D. Davis. It contains eight piano covers of Metallica songs and three original compositions. Davis had been a Metallica fan since his teenage years; explaining the genesis of the album to the Sacramento News & Review he said: I’ve been a huge Metallica fan since I was 14 and have wanted to do this album for a long time. I had a hunch that their music could sound really amazing on the piano.
 Suckfish is the debut LP by Audion an alias of Matthew Dear. It was generally well received by critics with a score of 80/100 on Metacritic.
 Dragon Ball: Complete Song Collection (ドラゴンボール全曲集 Doragon Bōru Zenkyokushū) is the second official soundtrack from the anime Dragon Ball. It was released on December 1 1988 on vinyl and cassette by Columbia Records of Japan near the end of the series' lifespan. It would later be released on CD on October 21 1991.
 E is for Everything on Fat Wreck Chords is a compilation EP from Californian punk rock band Bracket. It was released on November 19 1996 through Fat Wreck Chords and consists of earlier EPs released on the label back as far as 1994. The album cover parodied the debut release from NOFX.E is for Everything... included the five songs from F is for Fat released earlier that year.
 In Rainbows is the seventh studio album by the English alternative rock band Radiohead. It was self-released on 10 October 2007 as a download via a pay-what-you-want model followed by a standard CD release in most countries in the last week of 2007. The album was released in North America on 1 January 2008 on TBD Records.
 Time in Place is the third studio album by guitarist Mike Stern released in 1988 through Atlantic Records and reissued on September 18 2007 through Wounded Bird Records.
 The Turnaround! is an album by jazz tenor saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on March 7 1963 and on February 5 1965 and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Mobley with Donald Byrd Herbie Hancock Butch Warren and Philly Joe Jones from the earlier session and Freddie Hubbard Barry Harris Paul Chambers and Billy Higgins from the latter.
 Dance Dance Revolution EXTREME 2 was released on September 28 2005 by Konami on the PlayStation 2 in the United States. To encourage sales they released a limited edition CD featuring songs from the game.This exclusive music sampler was available only to players who reserved the game before its release at major video game retailers such as GameStop or EB Games. The CD contains tracks taken directly from the game as well as unique remixes done by Konami's in-house artists.
 Suspended Night is an album by Polish jazz trumpeter and composer Tomasz Stańko recorded in 2003 and released on the ECM label.
 Sharing 分享 (Pinyin: Fēn Xiǎng) is the video compilation album (fourth album overall) by winner of Malaysian Idol 2 Danell Lee Chieh Hun released on 27 September 2008. This is also the first album released under the artiste's new name which was formerly Daniel Lee Chee Hun (李吉汉 Lǐ Jíhàn).In reality it features more of a compilation of songs from his past 3 albums Daniel Lee Chee Hun Unavoidable and Pasti with the inclusion of 2 new songs.
 Still Life is the fourth studio album by Swedish progressive metal band Opeth. The album was produced and engineered by Opeth alongside Fredrik Nordström and released on October 18 1999 through Peaceville Records. It was the first Opeth album to be released through Peaceville following their departure from Candlelight and Century Black after the release of My Arms Your Hearse.
 Back in Your Arms is the third official compilation album by French singer Amanda Lear released in May 1998 by Dig It Int'l. The release follows her two previous greatest hits albums Ieri Oggi (1982) released in Italy and Poet Amanda Lear (1990) released in the former U.S.S.R..
 If Songs Could Be Held is the third album by American singer-songwriter Rosie Thomas released in 2005.Produced by Busbee the alum features a duet with Ed Harcourt on Let It Be Me. The album also features Liz Phair Dino Meneghin and Josh Myers.
 14 Megala Tragoudia (Greek: 14 μεγάλα τραγούδια; English: 14 great songs) is a compilation album by popular Greek singer Despina Vandi containing some of her most successful singles under the EMI Music Greece label (with whom she was signed from her debut in 1994 until 2000). It was part of a CD collection with the general title 14 Megala Tragoudia.
 Love Conquers All is the second album by Los Angeles California soul singers Michael Wycoff.
 I'm On the Right Track is the second album from funk drummer group Ziggy Modeliste of the The Meters.
 Into The Mirror Live / Black Reflections is live promotional EP of the band Sanctuary recorded on May 12 1990 at The Country Club in Reseda California during their Into the Mirror Black tour. Approximately 1000 CD copies of this were made and less than 500 were ever distributed to radio stations and record stores. Because of contractual problems with Epic Records the full version was never released for public consumption. Epic Records destroyed 500+ copies of this CD.
 Full Moon is a 1986 album by Irish singer/songwriter Paul Brady his first live album.
 Greatest Hits is a 1988 compilation album by Kenny Rogers.All of the tracks on the album were selected from his various recordings on the RCA Nashville label between 1983-87. There is one track that was not originally a single called She's Ready for Someone to Love Her which makes fully half of this greatest hits tracklist identical to the most recent 1987 album I Prefer the Moonlight.One single that is notably missing is Tomb of the Unknown Love from 1985's The Heart of the Matter.
 First Love is the first studio album from the London singer-songwriter Emma-Lee Moss better known by her stage name Emmy the Great. It was released on 9 February 2009 on the UK-based indie label Close Harbour Records.
 Mortes Saltantes (Portuguese word for Jumping Deaths) is the debut album by Japanese black metal/yomi metal band Magane(凶音).
 One in Two – Two in One is a live album by American jazz drummer Max Roach and saxophonist Anthony Braxton recorded in 1979 for the Swiss Hathut label.
 The Best of the Lemonheads: The Atlantic Years is a compilation album by alternative rock band The Lemonheads. The American release is considered criminally brief at 12 tracks by one critic with the international version adding 7 extra tracks.
 No Friends is an album by American rapper Loon released in August 2006 via Cleopatra Records.
 Sign Of The Times is the tenth album by jazz musician Bob James.
 Rockferry is the debut studio album by Welsh blue-eyed soul singer Duffy released on 3 March 2008 in the United Kingdom by A&M Records. It was released in the United States by Mercury Records. Duffy worked with several producers and writers on the album including Bernard Butler Steve Booker Jimmy Hogarth and Eg White.
 The Troubled Sleep of Piano Magic is the seventh album by Piano Magic.
 Die Stadt Muzikanten is the third studio album by Canadian indie rock band Woodpigeon officially released on January 12 2010. The album was released by Boompa in Canada and is accompanied by a bonus EP titled Balladeer / To All the Guys I've Loved Before.
 Simple Songs is the eighth album by Steve Bell. The album won the Juno Award for Best Gospel Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2001.Simple Songs also won the award for Outstanding Christian Recording at the 2001 Prairie Music Awards. Steve Bell and Dave Zeglinski shared the Outstanding Producer award for the album.
 Rep Your Hood is Deez Nuts' first EP. It was released on August 20 2007 by Stomp Entertainment. All of the albums instruments and lead vocals were done by JJ Peters besides the guitar solo on There's a Party Over Here Ain't Shit Over There which is performed by Roman Koester of The Red Shore and the guest vocals performed by Ben Coyte (Day of Contempt In Trenches) Joel Hamlin and Andrew Neufeld (Comeback Kid).
 Wise Up! is an album by American indie rock group The Hard Lessons self-released by the group in 2006.It was given away for free at several concerts.
 Murderworks is the third studio album by the Finnish grindcore band Rotten Sound. The album was recorded at Soundlab studios with production of Mieszko Talarczyk.
 Ma-KING is the 3rd album by Masami Okui released on September 26 1997.
 Emmaüs Mouvement: 1949–1999 Emmaüs a 50 ans is a compilation album for the 50th year anniversary of the Emmaüs Mouvement founded by Abbé Pierre in 1949.
 R.Hide in Plain Site is the fourth and final studio album by American acid house disc jockey Romanthony. It was released by Glasgow Underground Records on April 18 2000.
 Candle in the Window is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Joan Kennedy. It was released by MCA Records in 1990. The album peaked at number 26 on the RPM Country Albums chart.
 Just a Matter of Time is the fifth album released by the Randy Rogers Band an American country music group. Their first album for a major label it includes two songs which as singles charted on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts: Kiss Me in the Dark at #45 and One More Goodbye at #53. It was produced by Radney Foster. The former Sons of the Desert lead singer Drew Womack co-wrote the track If Anyone Asks.
 Starring Jo Stafford is a 1953 album by Jo Staffordwith Paul Weston and His Orchestra accompaniment by The Starlighters and The Pied Pipers. The album was re-released in 1997 on a CD along with Autumn in New York by EMI.
 Leaving Eden is the fifth album by the Carolina Chocolate Drops.
 Drowned World Tour 2001 is live music video title by singer Madonna. It was released by Warner Music Vision Warner Reprise Video and Maverick Records on November 13 2001 and was released to accompany the second greatest hits album GHV2. It contained a live date from the Drowned World Tour recorded at The Palace of Auburn Hills in Auburn Hills Michigan on August 26 2001. It was originally broadcast live on American network HBO as Madonna Live! Drowned World Tour 2001.
 Rainbow is the 70th album by American country singer Johnny Cash his last for Columbia Records released in 1985 (see 1985 in country music).
 Meowingtons Hax Tour Trax is a compilation album by artists who are signed to deadmau5's record label mau5trap. It was made to promote the artists and his Meowingtons Hax Tour which was named after his cat Professor Meowingtons.
 Offbeat: A Red Hot Soundtrip is a compilation album from the Red Hot AIDS Benefit Series produced by Paul Heck. It combines elements of ambient spoken word and trip hop to expand the ideas of artistic collage and spiritual transcendence of the Beats. The album is an offshoot of a larger project called The Beat Experience which explored the legacy of the Beat movement.
 Bobbie Sue is the seventh album by The Oak Ridge Boys. It was released on February 10 1982. Its title song was a #1 country chart hit (on April 3 1982) and a #12 hit on the Hot 100 singles chart.The album also featured cover versions of two songs the 1959 hit So Fine a song originally by the Fiestas and Up on Cripple Creek originally by The Band.
 Detours is a live album by Canadian progressive rock band Saga. The album was recorded during their European Tour in 1997.
 Revolutionary (レボリューショナリー Reborūshonarī) is the third full-length album of the Japanese rock band 9mm Parabellum Bullet released on April 21 2010.
 Hesitation Marks is the eighth studio album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails released on August 30 2013. It is their first album since 2008's The Slip and first release on Columbia Records making this their first album released on a major label since 2007's Year Zero.
 Goin' Places is the second album by American bass guitarist Michael Henderson. Released in 1977 on Buddah Records.
 Friendship is a studio album by Lee Ritenour released in 1978.
 Time's Mirror is a 1999 big band album by jazz trumpeter composer and arranger Tom Harrell. Harrell received a Grammy nomination for this album in 2000.
 The Great Vacation Vol.2: Super Best of Glay is a compilation album by Japanese band Glay released on October 21 2009. It reached #1 on Oricon charts and sold 187732 copies. It was certified Gold for shipment of over 100000 copies.
 The Xtatik Parade is an album by Trinidadian Soca artist Machel Montano and his band Xtatik released in 2004. the album sold more than 10000 copies.
 Guitar Monsters is the title of a legendary joint recording by Chet Atkins and Les Paul. It is their second collaboration after their Grammy award winning release Chester & Lester.At the Grammy Awards of 1978 Guitar Monsters was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Performance.
 Arijigoku is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It is the fourth Merzbow release on Vivo Records. Arijigoku (蟻地獄) refers the the antlion larva or it's pit.
 Show Your Glory was the second studio-recorded album released by Hillsong Music Australia.
 Boogie Down U.S.A. is a 1975 debut album by the American funk band The People's Choice. The single Do It Any Way You Wanna is an example of the early disco-soul movement from Philly.
 Doraemon TV Soundtrack Collection is a collection of TV opening and ending songs based on the Doraemon TV series during the 30 years of the franchise's TV anniversary.
 The Rough Guide to the Music of Morocco is a world music compilation album originally released in 2004. Part of the World Music Network Rough Guides series the release covers the music of Morocco which had been receiving new-found attention on the world music circuit in the early 2000s. The compilation was curated by Andy Morgan former manager of Tinariwen and organizer of the Festival in the Desert. Phil Stanton co-founder of the World Music Network was the producer.
 Gordi 2 is the second studio album released by former Yugoslav heavy metal band Gordi.
 The Breathing Shadow is the first album by the band Nightingale. It was recorded and mixed within a week by Dan Swanö alone at his Unisound studio; Nightingale did not yet exist as a band and was simply a solo project by Swanö. This is the only album of Nightingale to use a drum machine (the other albums have Swanö or someone else on drums). Unlike the hard rock/AOR-orientated direction of later albums The Breathing Shadow showcases the style of goth rock similar to The Sisters of Mercy.
 Vrati se vrati is an album of Croatian singer Siniša Vuco. It was released in 2002 under Croatia Records.
 Give Me Light is the fourth studio album album by the German gothic metal band Darkseed. It was released in 1999 with Nuclear Blast.
 The Distance to Here is the fourth studio album by the band Live released in 1999. It debuted at #4 on the Billboard 200 selling 138000 copies in its first week and was certified Platinum by the RIAA on November 19 1999.
 Akiko Infinity Kokia: Balance (stylised as AKIKO∞KOKIA ～balance～) is Kokia's ninth equal studio album released simultaneously with Kokia Infinity Akiko: Balance in March 2009.Two songs from the album feature on Kokia's greatest hits collection Coquillage: The Best Collection II: Infinity and Sekai no Owari ni.To promote the albums Kokia embarked on her first world tour Infinity.
 Beautiful Friction is the tenth studio album by British New Wave band The Fixx released on July 17 2012. It marks the return of longtime bassist Dan K. Brown.
 Autentico! is an album by Brazilian guitarist Bola Sete released in 1966 through Fantasy Records. In 2004 it was reissued on CD on the anthology Voodoo Villiage.
 Protection is the second album by Bristol-based trip hop collective Massive Attack. It was last to feature Tricky as a member of the group after going solo with his album Maxinquaye in 1995.
 Not for Kids Only is an album of children's songs released by Jerry Garcia and David Grisman. Most of the songs come from the Southeast region of the United States. It was released by Acoustic Disc.
 The Modern Jazz Quartet at Music Inn Volume 2 is a live album by American jazz group the Modern Jazz Quartet featuring performances recorded in Lenox Massachusetts in 1958 with guest artist Sonny Rollins appearing on two numbers and released on the Atlantic label.
 Up Close & Personal is Vicki Genfan's third available release. The double CD features the first disk of original instrumentals titled Up Close and a second vocal-based disk called Personal. Each disc contains a QuickTime video showing clips of recording sessions and snapshots of Genfan as well as of the other recording artists. The double-CD features both Genfan's guitar virtuosity as well as her singer-songwriter abilities. Most of the songs are recorded with accompanying musicians.
 The Best of Dizzy Mizz Lizzy is a greatest hits album released by the Danish rock band Dizzy Mizz Lizzy in 2002. The first disc contains tracks from the band's two studio albums Dizzy Mizz Lizzy and Rotator the second disc holds a live registration of a concert held in Aarhus on 11 May 1996. After its release it immediately reached gold status.
 We the Best is the second studio album by Miami mixtape DJ and Terror Squad member DJ Khaled which was released on June 12 2007. Guest appearances are Fat Joe Rick Ross Lil Wayne Birdman T.I. Akon Bone Thugs-n-Harmony T-Pain Dre Game Trick Daddy Young Jeezy Plies Juelz Santana Jadakiss Ja Rule Styles P Trina Flo Rida Paul Wall Bun B and C-Ride.
 Crab Society North is a demo by American Crossover thrash band Stormtroopers of Death. It was recorded on July 1 1985 with a walkman put into a speaker. The demo was recorded in the kitchen of Pyramid Sound studios and contains mostly improvised material.
 Deep Sea Recovery Efforts is the second studio album by American musician and former Blue's Clues host Steve Burns.
 Dave Grusin Presents GRP All-Star Big Band Live! is a jazz live album by the GRP All-Star Big Band.
 The Morning After is the second of two mini-albums by British alternative rock band James released in September 2010. It features eight tracks and is available on CD and as an MP3 download.
 10000 Light Years is a 2001 album by Zeni Geva.
 Apasionada Live is the twenty-second album of Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario. It was released in 2006.
 Deathless is the sixth studio album by American metal band Throwdown. The album was released on November 10 2009 in the US through E1 Music January 22 2010 through Nuclear Blast Records in Europe and January 25 2010 in the UK also through Nuclear Blast Records. Deathless is the first album by Throwdown released through E1 (formerly Koch Records) and Nuclear Blast since the band switched from Trustkill Records at the end of 2008.
 Sweet Old World is Lucinda Williams' fourth album. It was released in 1992 (see 1992 in music).
 Melody Circus is LISA's Third album which stated as 1980s Acoustic cover album released on May 20 2005.
 Fast Moving Cars is the 2004 seventh album by Pittsburgh band The Clarks. The album is more optimistic than previous Clarks albums mainly because the band members were becoming increasingly satisfied in their personal relationships (a very large number of older Clarks songs talk of break-ups). The band remained a force in the Pittsburgh market and in several surrounding areas but still failed to break out into the national scene.
 A Time & Place is the second studio album by reggae artist Julian Marley released in 2003 on Lightyear Entertainment.
 不敗の戀人 (py. Bùbài de Liànrén en. Undefeatable Lover) is an album by Taiwanese singer/actress/model Vivian Hsu released October 18 1999 on the BMG label. Vivian's older sister Penny sang backup on some of the tracks and later married the producer of this album.Track 10 is a Japanese translation of track 3. Later almost the entire album was translated into Japanese and released in Japan as Fuhai no Koibito in 2000.
 Da Game Owe Me is the 1999 album by Playa Fly and the final album of his to be released on Super Sigg Records.
 House of God is an album by the heavy metal band King Diamond released in 2000. The album was remastered by Andy LaRocque and was re-released in 2009.The album's thematics are loosely based around Rennes-le-Château.A man gets lost in the hills and is surrounded by wolves. Suddenly an old grey wolf with shiny eyes appears makes all other wolfs stay back and leads the man to a small church on the bottom of a hill. The man enters the house of god in which everything starts to change.
 Azalea Place is the second solo album by Joey Tempest the vocalist in the Swedish hard rock band Europe. It was released on 25 April 1997.After my first solo album I went out to the States to work with Richard Dodd - who's this English guy living out in Nashville – on the second one which kept me away from home for a long time Tempest said in an interview But it was something that I needed to do I had to get it out of my system.
 Holiday for Strings is an album by Paul Motian and the Electric Bebop Band released on the German Winter & Winter label in 2002. The album is the group's sixth release.
 Maria McKee is the self-titled debut album by American singer/songwriter Maria McKee released in 1989 (see 1989 in music).
 GD&TOP is the debut album of South Korean artists G-Dragon & T.O.P members of Big Bang. Released on December 24 2010 the album marks the first collaboration between the two away from their group. The duo promoted the album extensively including a world-wide premiere showcase and numerous performances.
 Rainbow Gladiator is an album by the American jazz violinist Billy Bang recorded in 1981 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
 re*PINK was Bonnie Pink's first remix album released under the Warner Music Japan label on February 27 2002.
 After the Devastation is an album by Leaether Strip. It has two CDs and is the comeback album for Leaether Strip after a five-year hiatus.Some editions of the album included the bonus EP ÆFTERSHOCK.
 Somewhere in Time is the sixth studio album by American Red Dirt group Reckless Kelly. It was released on February 9 2010 by Yep Roc Records. The album peaked at number 22 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart.
 Number Ones is a compilation album by the Bee Gees released in 2004. It includes 18 of their greatest hits and a tribute to band member Maurice Gibb who died in 2003. It is the final Bee Gees album released by Universal Records.Rhino Records re-released Number Ones worldwide in 2008 using the European tracklist. Combining sales of versions issued by two different record companies it has sold 1236000 copies in the US as of August 2012. The set which peaked at No.
 Circus Live is a 3-disc live album by John Cale released on February 19 2007. The contents were recorded live on the 2004 and 2006 European tours. One of the discs is a DVD containing rehearsal footage a music video and a two audio tracks.One performance included September 12 2004 at the Paradiso in Amsterdam was broadcast on air and online. Video of the entire concert is still available at the venue's live performance archive Fabchannel.com.
 Round Trip is the debut album by former TNT singer Tony Harnell released on July 2 2010 credited to Tony Harnell & The Mercury Train.
 Balls to the Wall is the fifth album by German heavy metal band Accept. European label Lark Records released the album in December 1983 but its US release was delayed until a month later in January 1984 as to not compete with the band's then-current album Restless and Wild which had arrived in the US in early 1983. It is Accept's only record to attain Gold certification in America.
 Eazy-E's Protege is the debut album by rapper B.G. Knocc Out released in 2011 on the Cycadelic Records label. It is first solo album and his first commercial project since his release from prison in 2009. The title refers to the late Eazy-E.All songs were engineered and recorded by IceBerg at HighDef Studios in the High Desert.
 One Voice is the debut album by British boy soprano Andrew Johnston who rose to fame in 2008 after his appearance on the second series of Britain's Got Talent. The album was released on 29 September 2008 by Syco Music Britain's Got Talent judge Simon Cowell's record label. Recorded in London the album features both classical and popular songs some of which had been previously performed by Johnston including a duet with Faryl Smith.
 Icona Pop is the debut studio album by Swedish duo Icona Pop which was released on 14 November 2012 by TEN Music Group and includes the single I Love It. The album has peaked to number 55 on the Swedish Albums Chart.
 Chakra was the third studio album of the South Korean girl group Chakra. The singles were Come Back and The. They won the Best Dance Award for their single The. The album sold about 200000 copies making it their best selling album to date.
 That Stubborn Kinda Fellow is an album by Marvin Gaye released on the Tamla label in 1962. The second LP Gaye released on the label it also produced his first batch of successful singles for the label and established Gaye as one of the label's first hitmaking acts in its early years.
 Big Freedia Hitz Vol. 1 is a studio album released by bounce music artist Big Freedia in 2010. It covers a number of her singles released from 1999 to 2010.On January 18 2010 she self-released Big Freedia Hitz Vol. 1 on Big Freedia Records. The album was a collection of previously performed singles.The album was re-released on Scion A/V in March 2011.
 Coming to Terms is the first studio album from American rock band Carolina Liar. It was released on May 19 2008.
 KARKADOR is the sixth album released by the Japanese electronic/rock-band P-Model. It was the first P-MODEL album to feature band-leader Susumu Hirasawa as the only remaining founding member of the group. After Sadatoshi Tainaka the original drummer left the band to live on the Galápagos Islands Hirasawa was the sole remaining and still active founding member. He was succeeded by Yasuhiro Araki a fan of the group who was the drummer of the punk rock band ALLERGY.
 The Right Place is the third studio album by American country music artist Bryan White. It was released in 1997 (see 1997 in country music) on Asylum Records. The album produced four chart singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. In order of release these were Love Is the Right Place One Small Miracle Bad Day to Let You Go and Tree of Hearts which respectively reached numbers 4 16 30 and 45.
 Set Meal for Three (三人套餐 sān rén tào cān) is Singapore idol boy band Mi Lu Bing's third album. With a total of 11 songs the album was released after months of production with their new recording label company Dragon One Entertainment Group. The album consists of nine songs produced on their own and three songs that Nic sang for two different Mediacorp dramas. The composition for the first eight songs were all done by Mi Lu Bing themselves. Nic was also the assistant producer for the album.
 Paul McCartney's Glastonbury Groove is a compilation album of some of Paul McCartney's favourite songs. It was released by Uncut in their 2004 issue on McCartney. The album was compiled by him.
 An Introduction to The Moody Blues is a compilation album by the early Moody Blues led by Denny Laine. It includes songs from The Magnificent Moodies and early singles as well as People Gotta Go which was only included on a rare French only EP.
 Luke is the third solo album by Steve Lukather released in 1997. It was a much different and more introspective album than Lukather's previous two solo efforts. The album is a concentrated collection of many of Lukather's musical influences and he deliberately let those influences come out on the album. Luke is an experimental album and like Candyman it was recorded mostly in live sessions with minimal overdubbing and processing afterward.
 Prince of the South... The Hits is a compilation album released by Mystikal. It was released on August 10 2004 for Jive Records. The album peaked at #27 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 My So Called Knife is an album by Lollipop Lust Kill released in May 2002. The album was recorded in Weed California with Sylvia Massy-Shivy at the helm. She had previously worked with the metal act Tool. Several titles were proposed for the album and until very close to its completion it was to be dubbed Murder at the Late Show an odious reference to the converted theater in which it was recorded.
 Voice of Wilderness is the second studio album by Finnish folk metal band Korpiklaani. It was released on 1 February 2005 through Napalm Records.
 Bootlegged Distorted Remixed and Uploaded is a compilation album by English metal band Pitchshifter. It was released in 2003 on their own label PSI Records.It comprises two discs. The first disc is a live album depicting a concert played by the band at the London Astoria in 2002. The second disc is a compilation of remixes.
 This compact disk was created from transcriptions of The Chesterfield Supper Club recorded for the Armed Forces Radio Service (AFRS) in March and April 1946. Others featured on the broadcasts are Carl Kress and his Orchestra Helen Carroll and the Satisfiers and Lloyd Shaffer and his Orchestra. Guests are Benny Goodman Xavier Cugat Cozy Cole Mel Powell and Bob Eberly.
 Two Dogs Fucking is a 1991 album by the Dayglo Abortions. Track 15 Isn't This Disgusting was covered by metal band GWAR in memory of Cory Smoot
 Winds of War is an album by the German speed metal band Iron Angel released in 1986.
 Shakaya is the first studio album by Australian girl duo Shakaya released in Australia on 18 October 2002 (see 2002 in music) by Columbia. The album has a mix genre of pop and R&B songs — written by the duo themselves and their manager/producer Reno Nicastro.The album debuted at number five on the Australian ARIA Charts and stayed in the top fifty for two weeks and in the chart for six weeks.
 SlaughtaHouse is the first album from hip hop group Masta Ace Incorporated consisting of Masta Ace Lord Digga Paula Perry Eyceurokk and Leschea. Released three years after Ace's acclaimed debut Take a Look Around the loose concept of the album is addressing the growing trend of violence in hip-hop music at the time notably from the West Coast.
 Boom Dot Bust is a comedy album recorded by The Firesign Theatre and released in 1999 on Rhino Records.
 Meditations in B is the debut full-length album by Old Man Gloom.
 Total Madness is a 2009 compilation CD/DVD album by Madness. It is principally a singles collection though it also includes two tracks from their debut LP One Step Beyond.... On release in the UK it reached 11# in the Official Album Charts making it Madness's 3rd hit album of 2009Due to licensing problems none of the four singles that Madness released on Zarjazz Records in 1985-6 are included.The album effectively supersedes the now deleted Divine Madness collection.
 Divinity is the second studio album from the Finnish power metal band Altaria.
 Alibis is the second studio album by American country music artist Tracy Lawrence. Certified platinum in the United States the album produced the singles Can't Break It to My Heart Alibis My Second Home and If the Good Die Young all Number One hits on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. The album is certified 2× Multi-Platinum by the RIAA for shipments of two million copies.
 Stranger Things is the fourth album by American jam band Edie Brickell & New Bohemians released July 25 2006 on Fantasy Records.
 Ultra. Trance 06 is a mixed trance compilation album from Ultra Records as part of the Ultra Trance series. It was released on September 26 2006 and mixed by Johnny Budz & DJ Irene.
 Zemfira is Russian rock singer Zemfira's debut album released in May 1999 by DMI Records. The album had sold over 700000 copies in Russia.
 I'll Be Home for Christmas is a Christmas album by the Canadian country music artist Crystal Shawanda. It was released in Canada on December 1 2009. The album includes the original song The Best Gift.
 The Lilac Time is the third album by Pelle Carlberg.
 LIVE - Lela Tsurtsumia is the first live recording of famous Georgian singer Lela Tsurtsumia. This show was recorded in TV-imedi studios. on Live Lela appears with her live band. This is the first Georgian official postproduction. Album was released as DVD and CD
 Monday Morning Cold is the first album by musician Erin McKeown. It was released in 1999 via her own record label TVP Records while she was still a student at Brown University. The album was re-released in 2001 following the success of her second album Distillation.
 Život je tamo (Serbian: Живот је тамо) is the 19th album by Serbian singer Baja Mali Knindža released in 1999.
 The second album by technical death metal band Origin Informis Infinitas Inhumanitas introduced a more technical aspect of the band. The album features quotes from Dogma and Interview with the Vampire to introduce two of the tracks. A video was done for the song Portal in September 2003 at a liveshow in Topeka KS which was also the first show with James King on drums.
 The Only Reason I Feel Secure is the second EP by Pedro the Lion. It was released on 17 May 1999 on Made in Mexico Records and later reissued with three extra tracks on 16 October 2001 on Jade Tree Records. Tracks 6-8 — songs that originally constituted Pedro the Lion's first single — appear only on the Jade Tree reissue.The EP's title was originally intended to be The Only Reason I Feel Secure Is That I Am Validated By My Peers.
 Christmas In America is a 1989 holiday album by Kenny Rogers.
 Radio Sessions 1974 & 1978 is a double live album by Welsh hard rock group Budgie. The album tracks were taken from two live concerts; one at the Global Village in London in 1974 the other in Los Angeles in 1978.
 Gluey Porch Treatments is the debut album of the Melvins. The album was released in 1987 through Alchemy Records. The original release was vinyl only. This album was later released on tape with the Six Songs EP through Boner Records and appears as bonus material on the CD version of Ozma.
 Song Cinema is the second album released by Contemporary Christian artist Mark Schultz. It was released on October 17 2001.
 Parkliv! is a live album from Swedish pop group Gyllene Tider recorded live in Mjölby Folkets Park on 31 July 1981 and released on 3 July 1990 for the CD box Kompakta Tider. A movie with the same title was released the same time.
 Come to the Well is the fifth studio album by American Christian rock band Casting Crowns released on October 18 2011 through Beach Street and Reunion Records. The album which has a predominantly pop rock and rock sound was based on the Biblical story of the woman at the well. In writing the album lead vocalist Mark Hall collaborated with songwriters Steven Curtis Chapman Matthew West and Tom Douglas.
 Growing Out Of It is the debut album released by Lucky Boys Confusion in 1998.
 Silent Knight is the third studio album by the Canadian progressive rock band Saga and was originally released in November 1980.
 Kill Geeksville is split 7 EP by Man or Astro-man? and Teenage Caveman. It was released by Worry Bird Records in 1994 exclusively on black vinyl.
 Shall We Descend is the third album by progressive rock band The Jelly Jam. The album was released in compact disc format on November 28 2011. An mp3 version followed two days later. At release the album was available exclusively from Molken Music.
 The Best of the Pink Floyd also issued as Masters of Rock is a compilation album of early Pink Floyd music concentrating on singles and album tracks from 1967 to 1968.
 Great Bliss Vol. 1 is an album by American jazz saxophonist David S. Ware recorded in 1990 and released on the Swedish Silkheart label. Great Bliss was conceived as a two-installment project and marks the debut of the David S. Ware Quartet one of the most highly acclaimed musical groups of the decade.
 Gone Fishin' is a 1984 LP album the second studio release by San Francisco punk/noise rock band Flipper. The album's artwork featured a depiction of Flipper's tour van as a ready-to-cut-out-and-assemble centerpiece with similar cutouts of the four band members on the back cover. At the time of the album's release Subterranean Records offered extra empty covers of the album by mail order for $2 for those Flipper fans that wanted to have a cover to cut up and assemble.
 Deco Vs. Deco is the second DVD released by the Japanese rock band Maximum the Hormone on March 19 2008. The DVD contains live performances music videos and more extras. The RIAJ certified the DVD Gold selling more than 100000 copies.
 Trapdoor Fucking Exit is the third album by The Dead C released in 1990 through Siltbreeze.
 The Man Who Ate the Man is an album by the electronic / art rock band Magnetophone. It was released in 2005 on 4AD Records. Equally inspired by pop electronic pioneers like Morton Subotnick contemporary electronic artists like Autechre and Krautrock Magnetophone have continued to evolve from their debut I Guess Sometimes I Need to Be Reminded of How Much You Love Me (2000).
 Estação Brasil is a compilation album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho containing songs by him songs by various Brazilian artists and one new song (Nesse Brasil cabôco de Mãe-Preta e Pai João). It was released in 2003.
 I Learned from the Gaels is an EP by Scottish indie folk artist King Creosote released on May 28 2012 on Domino Records. Produced by Paul Savage the EP features full-band re-recordings of three tracks from Creosote's vinyl-only album That Might Be It Darling (2010) alongside a new track Little Man featuring frequent collaborator Alan Gummi Bako Stewart on lead vocals.
 The Watery Grave EP was Graham Van Pelt's first release under his solo project Miracle Fortress. The self-released 5 song EP was recorded in 2005 at Friendship Cove a recording studio/indie rock venue owned by Van Pelt and fellow friend Jack Dylan.
 Mate Tron is an EP by Luke Vibert released in 12 vinyl Flac and Mp3 formats. Mp3 and Flac releases available through Bleep.com.
 Translate is an album by Sexy Sadie released in 2006.
 A Son de Guerra is the 11th studio album by Dominican singer-songwriter Juan Luis Guerra and was released on June 8 2010 by EMI Records. It won the 2010 Latin Grammy for Album of the Year. This was the second time he won the award for Album of the Year. This album features the collaboration of the hit Colombian singer Juanes performing the song La Calle.
 Bring It On! is the first studio album by the Australian alternative rock band Machine Gun Fellatio. The album was released on 29 September 2000 on Mushroom Records. Unsent Letter was placed at number 16 on Triple J's Hottest 100 of 2000 and has become one of the band's most popular songs with Allmusic calling it a bittersweet love song that sits comfortably among the best pop music Australian bands have ever produced.
 Water Sign is the third album by keyboardist Jeff Lorber as leader of his band The Jeff Lorber Fusion. Released in 1979 this was be Lorber's first album on Arista Records.
 Kalapana is the first and eponymous album by the group Kalapana released in 1975. Kalapana contains many of Kalapana's hits including Naturally When the Morning Comes and The Hurt all of which still receive substantial airplay in Hawaii.
 When the Dust Settles is the third full-length album from Australian hip hop group Downsyde and was released in December 2004 through Obese Records.
 Claymation Courtyard is the eighty-first studio album by guitarist Buckethead and the fifty-first installment of the Buckethead Pikes Series.The album was announced on March 4 on two limited edition formats to be released on April 9. The first format consists of 300 copies of an untitled white album signed by Buckethead himself. The second version consists of an unspecified amount of copies of an untitled white album with hand drawn covers and signed by Buckethead himself.
 They Missed the Perfume is a Disco Biscuits studio album from 2001.
 Moanin' is a jazz album by Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers recorded in 1958.
 Sound Soldiers is an album by Gruvis Malt. It was released by Integers Only in 1999.
 After the Disco is the second studio album by American alternative rock band Broken Bells. Recorded with the seventeen-piece Angel City String Orchestra and a four-piece choir the album was released by Columbia Records on January 31 2014. The album follows the band's 2013 single Holding On for Life which features as the third track on the album. After the Disco was written by band members James Mercer and Brian Burton and produced by Burton.
 Les Bonbons (English: The candies) is Jacques Brel's seventh studio album. Also known as Les Vieux Jacques Brel Accompagné par François Rauber et Son Orchestre and Encore the album was released in 1966 by Barclay. The original 1966 album was itself a composite of two earlier releases one from 1963 and one from 1964. The album was reissued on 23 September 2003 under the title Les Bonbons as part of the 16-CD box set Boîte à Bonbons by Barclay (980 817-0).
 Hated on Mostly is the second studio album by Atlanta rap group Crime Mob. It was released March 20 2007. The album features production by Lil Jay Killa C M.I.G. Dirty Doc Jam and Oomp Camp. The first single Rock Yo Hips reached #30 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.Following its release the album debuted at number 31 on the U.S. Billboard 200.
 16 Grandes e Inolvidables de Anselmo López Vol. 2 is a Venezuelan Compilation album of 1999 made by Anselmo López on the record label Music House. He performs Venezuelan folk bandola music.
 Canzoni is the seventh album released by Fabrizio De André. It was issued in 1974 by Produttori Associati and reissued several times by Ricordi and BMG.
 Creation  Destruction is the debut studio album for Christian metal band Fit for a King which the album was produced by Andreas Magnusson and it released on March 12 2013 by Solid State Records. The album attracted both commercial successes and positive criticism.
 Vesyolye Ulybki (Cyrillic: Весёлые Улыбки; translation: Happy Smiles) is t.A.T.u.'s third Russian studio album released on October 21 2008. The album's working title was Управление Отбросами (transliteration: Upravlyeniye Otbrosami) translated as Waste Management. The album reached sales of more than 200000 copies in Russia. The English counterpart Waste Management was released in December 2009.Demo versions of nearly every song on the album can be found online.
 Solo Flight is an album by American jazz guitarist Charlie Byrd featuring tracks recorded in 1964 and released on the Riverside label.
 The music soundtrack of BioShock is composed of licensed music from the 1930s 1940s and 1950s as well as an original orchestral score by Garry Schyman.
 Possibilities is the forty-fifth studio album by American jazz musician Herbie Hancock released in the United States on August 30 2005 by Vector Recordings. The album features a variety of guest musicians such as John Mayer and Carlos Santana.
 Prazision LP is the first album by the Virginian post-rock band Labradford released in October 1993. It was the first album released on the independent label Kranky.It was re-released by Kranky on November 12 2007 with an additional track taken from the band's first single.
 You Can't Buy a Gun When You're Crying is the first album recorded by Holly Golightly and the Brokeoffs a project involving Golightly's established United States band member Lawyer Dave.
 No Far Away is the first studio album by contemporary Christian musician Chris August. It was released on August 24 2010 through Fervent Records and produced by Chris August and Ed Cash. The album made it up to No. 1 on the Top Heatseekers list of Billboard Magazine and No. 7 on the Christian Albums chart.
 Contact is the eleventh studio album by the American vocal group The Pointer Sisters released in 1985 on the RCA label.
 R&B from the Marquee was an album by Alexis Korner's Blues Incorporated released in November 1962 on Decca Records. Blues Incorporated was a British R&B band in the early 1960s which was led by Alexis Korner and featured various musicians. Although never very successful commercially it was extremely influential on the development of British rock music in the 1960s and later.
 Laurentian's Atoll released on November 19 2007 is an EP by *shels.
 Tochka (Russian: Точка) is a 2002 album by Leningrad. Точка means 'dot' or 'point'. In Russian slang this can refer to a place of prostitution or somewhere that vodka is sold.
 Another Time is a compilation album by Earth Wind & Fire released in 1974 on Warner Bros. Records. Released as a double album Another Time featured songs from the band's Warner Bros. studio albums Earth Wind & Fire and The Need of Love which were both also released on Warner Bros. Records.
 Jævla Jazzist Grete Stitz (released 1996 in Oslo by label Thug Records - THUG 011) is an album by Jaga Jazzist.
 Solo is an album by jazz pianist Oscar Peterson recorded in concert in 1972 and released in 2002 (see 2002 in music).
 Chesapeake is the third full-length album by Rachael Yamagata. It was released on 11 October 2011 via Frankenfish Records and Megaforce Records in North America.
 Boylife is the debut album by Lo-Fi-Fnk released on July 24 2006. According to the band this is An eleven track story about being young for too long. Reminds you a bit of that feeling you got when you heard Daft Punk for the first time. Disco without a thought of a tomorrow... Boylife received a positive review from Stylus Magazine.
 A Tear and a Smile is an album by English singer Linda Lewis released in 1982. Lewis’ eighth album.
 Night of the Crime is the second album by the heavy metal band Icon. It was far more polished than their self-titled debut and forayed into areas of glam only previously alluded to on their debut. It was produced and engineered by legendary producer Eddie Kramer. Around 30 songs were demoed for the album and Eddie Kramer´s version included one more finished track Hang Tough (later covered by Pretty Maids. Ron Nevison remixed the album and Hang Tough did not make it to the final release.
 Serpent Sermon is the 12th studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was released in North America on June 5 2012 through Century Media Records on CD vinyl and digital download. It reached number 44 on the Top New Artist Albums (Heatseekers) chart selling roughly 800 copies in its first week.
 The Fury is the ninth studio album and seventh under his own name by musician Gary Numan released in 1985. It saw him continuing to explore the sampling-heavy industrial sound he had developed for the previous album Berserker in 1984. The album was his second released under his self-owned Numa Records label.
 The Beginning is the debut studio album by Norwegian DJ and electronic music duo Broiler. It was released in Norway as a digital download on November 4 2013. The album includes the singles Afterski Vannski En gang til and Bonski. It has peaked to number 9 on the Norwegian Albums Chart.
 MCMLXXXV is the second album by Rancho Cucamonga California-based pop punk band Rufio. The album is also referred to as simply 1985 on the heading of the music videos for its singles and in online stores.
 Sacrifice (For Love) is the second solo release of Wipers frontman Greg Sage. It was recorded and released in 1991.
 Live & Indestructible is an EP album by American rock band Disturbed. It was released on September 30 2008 exclusively through iTunes Store and then on October 7 2008 it was available on other online retailers. It features three live tracks from Disturbed's first online concert at Deep Rock Drive. It also features the music video for Indestructible's third official single and title track Indestructible.
 This Is Serious Mum is a 1985 cassette demo tape by Australian band TISM. Liner notes to their Collected Recordings 1986-1993 boxed set state that only 80 original copies of the demo exist. Thirty were given to promoters and media and the other 50 were sold to the public.Tracks 2 and 5 were later remastered and re-released on Collected Recordings 1986-1993 in 1995.
 Eat Books is Tiefschwarz's third album. The album was released in 2005 by Fine Records. It features many guest vocalists and collaborators including Matty Safer of The Rapture Ed Laliq Chikinki Smallboy Malte and Tracey Thorn of Everything But The Girl. Wait & See was released as a single.
 Megatropolis is Iron Savior's sixth full length album released on the 4th of June 2007.
 Qua is an album by German Krautrock band Cluster released in May 2009 on Nepenthe Music. It is the band's twelfth studio album and first in fourteen years.
 The King and I is the 1992 studio cast recording of the 1956 The King and I film by conductor John Mauceri of the Hollywood Bowl Orchestra starring Julie Andrews Ben Kingsley Lea Salonga Peabo Bryson and Marilyn Horne.Three songs not used in the film were restored (Shall I Tell You What I Think of You My Lord and Master I Have Dreamed)The King & I: Recording a Hollywood Dream was a 1993 PBS documentary about the making of the recording.
 3 Songs is a 7 EP by Washington D.C. post-hardcore band Fugazi. It was originally released in a collectors edition of 2000 copies (800 on black vinyl 1200 in green vinyl) by Sub Pop Records as the December 1989 issue of their Singles Club. Dischord Records gave the record wider release one month later with different cover and label art. Later that year Dischord coupled the 3 Songs EP with the LP Repeater to make up Repeater + 3 Songs CD.
 Hale is the self-titled debut album by OPM Filipino band Hale released on April 2005 under EMI Philippines.The album contains the singles Broken Sonnet the award-winning and well-received The Day You Said Goodnight Kahit Pa Kung Wala Ka and Blue Sky together with Tollgate which can be found in Hale (Special Edition). It was certified Triple Platinum (90 000 copies sold) on May 2006.
 Schizophonic is the fifth album by music producer Geoff Wilkinson's jazz/rap fusion project Us3. It features a more upbeat approach than most of the tracks from previous albums by Us3 and - like on the previous 2004 album Questions - no samples but live recordings were used in its production. Wilkinson's liking for Southern American rhythms which had pushed the 2001 release An Ordinary Day in an Unusual Place into a new direction can still be traced.
 Por Fuera y Por Dentro is the first album released by Colombian singer/composer Carlos Vives. Released on June 6 1986 Vives was better known as a television star of soap operas at the time of its release. The album contains romantic ballads laden with synthesizers pre-dating Vives's vallenato breakthrough. As was the case with early Vives albums this wasn't a commercial success and is his least known recording.
 Cuts for Luck and Scars for Freedom is the debut album by Mystic released on June 19 2001 through Good Vibe Recordings.Featuring a combination of R&B hip hop and Soul Cuts for Luck was met with positive reviews and helped Mystic receive a BET award nomination for Best Female Hip-Hop Artist. The album did not perform well commercially however and to date she has yet to release a follow-up album.
 Blunted on Reality is the debut album released by hip hop group Fugees.
 Olam Tzafuf (Hebrew: עולם צפוף‎ Crowded World) is a 1983 album by Israeli rock band HaClique.
 Cruel to Be Young is indie band Jonezetta's second full-length album which was released on September 16 2008 through Tooth & Nail Records.
 Passive Control is the third studio album recorded by Yonderboi. The album was released on 23 September 2011. After six years of hiatus Yonderboi returned with a full length studio album. The title is contradictory and multi-layered as the previous ones (Shallow And Profound and Splendid Isolation).
 Gealtacht Mael Mórdha is the second full-length studio album by the Irish celtic doom metal band Mael Mórdha.
 The First Fat Truckers Album is for Sale is an album by Fat Truckers. It was released on September 15 2003 on Roadtrain Recordings.
 Mirror of Souls is the second album by Christian progressive/power metal band Theocracy. It was released by Ulterium Records on November 21 2008 in Europe November 26 in Japan and December 9 in North America. It is Theocracy's first album as a full band as their self-titled debut album was a one-man project by current lead vocalist Matt Smith. In Finland it was album of the week at Imperiumi.net website which called the album clearly one of the best melodic power metal albums of the year.
 Poetic Champions Compose is the seventeenth studio album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison released in 1987 on Mercury. As described by Brian Hinton: It is an album which is more than the sum of its parts exuding an overall sense of calm and optimism.
 Some Girls is the 14th British and 16th American studio album by The Rolling Stones released in 1978 on Rolling Stones Records catalogue COC 39108. It peaked at #1 on the Billboard 200 and became the band's top selling album in the United States certified by the RIAA as having six million copies sold as of 2000. It was a major critical success with many reviewers calling it a classic return to form and their best album since 1972's Exile on Main St.
 Hollywood Raw: The Original Sessions is an L.A. Guns album of previously unreleased recordings from 1987. Re-recorded versions of some of these songs later appeared on the band's eponymous first album.Collector's Edition No. 1 has been re-released as a bonus CD with this album.
 Return to the Promised Land is a gospel music soundtrack and 80th overall album by American country singer Johnny Cash released in 2000 as the soundtrack to the 45-minute video of the same title (released in 1992 by Rev. Billy Graham's World Wide Pictures it was only available in VHS format). The Return To The Promised Land soundtrack was released by the now-defunct Brentwood Tennessee independent label Renaissance Records.
 Veni Vidi Vici is the debut album from Punk Rock band The Forgotten. It is their second release under TKO Records overall release #12 by the label itself. It was released in 1998 on blue vinyl and CD re-released in 2000 on black vinyl. It contains the band's most popular song Fists Up.
 In Towers and Clouds was the debut (and sole) album released by the now disbanded Dublin quartet The Immediate. The album received generally positive reviews on its launch and was nominated [1] for the 2007 Choice Music Prize.Shortly after the album's launch Jim Carroll a journalist with the Irish Times wrote an article in the newspaper's weekly entertainment supplement praising the band for choosing to release the album independently.
 Rise Up! is a 1998 concept album by Chicago-based rocker Bobby Conn released on Truckstop Records.
 Same !@#$ Different Day is the second album by Lyrics Born one half of the group Latyrx and an American hip hop musician. As well as containing five new tracks Same !@#$ Different Day contains new lyrics over remixed beats from Lyrics Born's debut album Later That Day. The album boasts beats from a wide range of producers and verses from a variety of emcees.
 Man with a Movie Camera is a 2003 soundtrack album by The Cinematic Orchestra released on 26 May 2003 on Ninja Tune.
 Aretha: A Woman Falling Out Of Love is a studio album by Aretha Franklin her second since leaving Arista Records. It features duets with Ronald Isley Karen Clark-Sheard and her son Eddie Franklin. Duets with Richard Marx and Faith Hill were also recorded but ultimately shelved.
 The Last Stage is a compilation of unreleased Budgie tracks mostly from the early-to-mid eighties. Many of these tracks were intended to be released on the follow-up to 1982's Deliver Us from Evil a follow-up that never saw the light of day. The track Beautiful Lies was supposedly meant to be included on the album but never made it.
 The Colossus Of Detroit is an album by jazz saxophonist Billy Mitchell released in 1978 by Xanadu Records.
 Tinchy Stryder vs. Maniac is a collaborative studio album by recording artist Tinchy Stryder and grime record producer Maniac. The album produced one single Rollin Remix and is most noted for bringing Maniac's productions to a wider audience.
 Joy (stylized JOY) is a holiday studio album by Contemporary Christian musician Steven Curtis Chapman. It has seen commercial charting successes and garnered generally positive reviews from music critics.
 In Search of Sunrise 8: South Africa is a compilation album by Dutch trance producer Richard Durand. It was released on May 10 2010 by SongBird. It is the eight installment in the In Search of Sunrise compilation series and the first not to be mixed by Tiësto the founder of the series in 1999. On May 6 2010 Richard Durand released a 12 minute teaser preview of the compilation on SoundCloud.
 Covenant is the third official full-length album by Florida based death metal band Morbid Angel. It was released on June 22 1993. This album represented Morbid Angel's first foray into mainstream metal through their contract with Giant Records. The music video for God of Emptiness was featured on Beavis and Butt-head and received airplay on MTV. The style of this album is more akin to the slower style of the previous album Blessed Are the Sick.
 How Mercy Looks from Here is the seventeenth studio album from Contemporary Christian music singer-songwriter and recording artist Amy Grant. The album was released by EMI CMG and Sparrow Records on May 14 2013. The album is produced by noted producer Marshall Altman marking his first collaboration with Grant. The first single released in support of the album is Don't Try So Hard a faith-based ballad featuring James Taylor singing harmonized background accompaniment.
 Mystic Mile is an electric blues album by Robben Ford and the Blue Line released in 1993. Chick Corea was the executive producer.
 The Low End Theory is the second album by American hip hop group A Tribe Called Quest. Released on September 24 1991 through Jive Records the album produced three singles: Check the Rhime Jazz (We've Got) and Scenario.
 Batards Sensibles is the second studio album by French hip hop group TTC. It was released on Big Dada in 2004.
 Warpaint is the fifth album by American singer-songwriter Happy Rhodes released in 1991. It the first of Rhodes' albums to feature musicians other than herself.
 Lucky Me is the third and final studio album by the American hardcore punk band Killing the Dream. The album was released on November 22 2010 through Deathwish Inc..The title of the album is said to be sarcastic in a sense but is really genuine in another by vocalist Elijah Horner who saw himself as lucky to be where he was in his life during the recording of Lucky Me.
 Baby Alone in Babylone is an album by Jane Birkin. The album was released in 1983 and was the first collaboration between Birkin and Serge Gainsbourg since their split.
 This article describes an album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with similarly or identically-titled albums belonging to different Now! series. For more information see List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Now That's What I Call Music! 59 or Now 59 was released in 2004.
 Fast Five (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) is the soundtrack to Fast Five released on iTunes on April 25 2011. It was released on CD on May 3 2011.
 20th Century Masters – The Millennium Collection: The Best of Wang Chung is the second of two compilations by Wang Chung. Released in the fall of 2002 this compilation contains all eight of the band’s charted singles from 1984 through 1989. The album also includes Wait from Points on the Curve What's So Bad About Feeling Good? from The Warmer Side of Cool and Space Junk (Wang Chung '97) from the previous compilation.
 Classic Albums: Iron Maiden – The Number of the Beast is a documentary about the making of the album of the same name by the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden released on 4 December 2001 as part of the Classic Albums documentary series.
 1000 Years of Popular Music is a 2003 live album by Richard Thompson.The album was originally conceived after Richard Thompson along with many other artists was asked by Playboy magazine to nominate his choice of songs of the last 1000 years. He took them exactly at their word and served up a list that included the oldest-known English-language songs a medieval Italian dance tune and various other folk songs alongside slightly more contemporary fare.
 Love Unstoppable is an album from Contemporary Gospel singer Fred Hammond. The album was released on September 29 2009 through Verity Records.
 Never Ender is a compilation album of material from several 7 inch records and split records by the band Hot Water Music released by No Idea Records in March 2001. Only the mail-order version of this album contains the second disc.
 Midnight Awake is the title of the eighth solo album by British singer-songwriter Adrian Snell.
 Good Feeling is an EP by American rapper Flo Rida. It was released exclusively in Australia in April 6 2012 to promote his tour there and features some of his biggest hits.
 Soul Brothers is the fourth album recorded by Ray Charles and the eleventh Milt Jackson and released by Atlantic Records in 1958. The album was later re-issued in a 2 CD compilation together with the Charles / Jackson album Soul Meeting and included additional tracks from the same recording sessions not present on the original LP releases.
 Live & More Encore is a live album released by Donna Summer in 1999 an edited version of a televised concert of the same name. Released on Sony Music's sublabel Epic it featured a live concert which had been filmed especially for the VH-1 channel and also two new dance tracks including a re-working of Time To Say Goodbye a semi-classical song previously made popular by Andrea Bocelli and Sarah Brightman.
 Slow the Rain is the debut album from American pop singer Ingrid Michaelson. It was self-released on January 10 2005.
 Let's Love While We Can is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released in the U.K. in 1980 by CBS Records.Let's Love While We Can was Williams' first album of new material since Andy (1976).
 Upside Down: The Collection is a compilation album by Diana Ross released by Spectrum Music/Universal in the United Kingdom in 2012. This album is a budget collection containing songs that were released from 1970 through 1981 on Motown Records. In the UK 17 of the 20 songs contained in this compilation reached the Top 40. In the U.S. 12 of these songs made it onto the Billboard Top 40 singles charts and 6 of those 12 reached number 1.[citation needed]
 Sex & Violins is the debut album by Swedish pop group Rednex released on Battery Records in February 1994. Six singles were released from it. It is also the only album to feature original female lead singer Annika Ljungberg who left the band after the release of the fifth single Rolling Home to start a solo career. The album was a commercial success including the hit dance single Cotton-Eye Joe. The album was re-titled Cotton Eye Joe (Sex & Violins) for the U.S.
 An album produced as a joint effort between Johnette Napolitano and James Mankey previously founding members of alternative rock band Concrete Blonde and L.A. pachucho punk band Los Illegals. It contains a blend of hard-rock and latin music.
 Brass Construction is the self-titled debut album by the funk band Brass Construction. It was released in 1975 on United Artists Records. The album went number one on the R&B charts in 1976. The Singles Changin' and Movin' both reached number one on the Hot Dance Club Play chart in 1976.
 Apocalypse 91… The Enemy Strikes Black is the fourth studio album by American hip hop group Public Enemy released October 3 1991 on Def Jam Recordings. It debuts production team Imperial Grand Ministers of Funk which consisted of producers Stuart Robertz Cerwin 'C-Dawg' Depper Gary G-Wiz and The JBL.The album peaked at number 4 on the Billboard 200 chart and at number 1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 20 of the Best is a compilation album by American country music singer and songwriter Gary Stewart released in 1984 by RCA Records. In the period 1973 to 1983 Stewart enjoyed over twenty US Billboard country hits with RCA including three duets with label-mate Dean Dillon. The tracks on this album spent over two hundred and ten weeks in the Billboard Country Charts and the track list includes a number of top-twenty successes.
 Vulgar Display of Power is the sixth studio album by American heavy metal band Pantera released on February 25 1992 through Atco Records. One of the most influential metal albums of the 1990s Vulgar Display of Power has been described as one of the defining albums of the groove-metal genre. Several songs from this release have become some of the band's best known such as Mouth for War This Love and Walk.
 Right from the Heart is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released in 1985 by Columbia Records and has been his only album to have no songs that were previously recorded by other artists.
 Other Aspects is a collection of previously unreleased jazz recordings by Eric Dolphy made between 1960 and 1962 and released first in 1987 by Blue Note Records.
 Weed Out! is a 1997 album released by House of Wax of live recordings by The Stems. This live 2-track recording features 10 live cuts from a performance at The Old Melbourne Hotel in Perth Western Australia on 18 April 1986. As well as containing live versions of previously released favorites like Rosebud Make You Mine and Love Will Grow the album contains two previously unreleased songs Does It Turn You On and Don't Let Me together with a cover of the Monkees' Stepping Stone.
 God Will'n is the seventh mixtape by American rapper Juelz Santana it was released on January 14 2013. The mixtape is Juelz Santana's first solo project since 2005. The mixtape features guest appearances from Jadakiss Rick Ross Meek Mill Fabolous Lil Wayne Wiz Khalifa Lloyd Banks Future Jeremih Jim Jones Wale and Bounce. With production coming from Sha Money XL and Jahlil Beats among others.
 Miss Modular is an EP by the post-rock band Stereolab released in 1997. It was produced in collaboration with the group Mouse on Mars. All four of its tracks were later re-released on the Oscillons from the Anti-Sun compilation.
 Shaka Rock is the third and final studio album by Australian rock band Jet released on 21 August 2009.
 Maa is the eighth album of Finnish a cappella ensemble Rajaton released in 2007 in celebration of the ensemble's 10th anniversary. Maa is a Finnish word which depending on context can be translated to mean country earth land ground or soil. The name is in reference to the 'back to the roots' nature of the album - Rajaton's debut album Nova similarly consisted of songs composed to Finnish poetry.
 Orchestra of Wolves is the debut album by English Hardcore punk band Gallows. Produced by Banks of fellow Hertfordshire band Haunts released by In at the Deep End Records on 25 September 2006. A limited edition was re-issued in the United Kingdom in June 2007 with a bonus disc featuring live session tracks two new songs and two covers.
 At the Edge of Time is the ninth studio album by the German heavy metal band Blind Guardian. A two CD version of the album was released with the second disc containing 8 tracks. The artwork for the album was created by Colombian artist Felipe Machado Franco. The album was released in Europe on July 30 2010. A music video for A Voice in the Dark was released on August 3 2010.
 John & Audrey Wiggins is the self-titled debut album of American country music duo John & Audrey Wiggins. It was released in 1994 via Mercury Records. Although the album did not chart its single Has Anybody Seen Amy reached number 22 on Hot Country Songs.
 Land is the eponymous first full-length album by the American group Land. Land was recorded at Jack Straw Productions in Seattle in 1994 and released by the Australian label Extreme in 1995. All tracks were composed by Jeff Greinke with the exception of Shu which was composed by Greinke and Dennis Rea.Prior to Land group leader Jeff Greinke's solo albums had been mainly heavily layered and textured ambient music.
 Pony is the debut and only album by the English psychedelic rock band Spratleys Japs. Released in 1998 on All My Eye And Betty Martin Music the album was a side-project of Cardiacs frontman Tim Smith and his then partner Joanne Spratley. Although other musicians are credited as playing on the album it is believed that this was part of an elaborate fictional conceit and that in fact Smith and Spratley were the only musicians to have been involved with the recording.
 The Element of Surprise is the fourth studio album by American rapper E-40 released August 11 1998 on Jive and Sick Wid It Records. The album features production by Ant Banks Bosko Mike Mosley Rick Rock Sam Bostic Studio Ton & Tone Capone. It peaked at number 4 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 13 on the Billboard 200.
 Fugazi is the second studio album of the neo-progressive rock band Marillion. It was released in 1984 and was the first album with Ian Mosley on drums. It reached no. 5 on the UK album charts stayed on the chart for a total of 20 weeks and contained the UK top 40 singles Punch And Judy (no. 29) and Assassing (no.
 Buenos Aires '13 is a compilation album by German/American trance producer Markus Schulz. It is the eighth album in his city compilation series.
 Enchanted is the sixth studio album by the British singer/songwriter Marc Almond. It was released in 1990 and reached number fifty-two on the UK Albums Chart and number eighty-one on the Dutch albums chart. Enchanted includes the singles A Lover Spurned The Desperate Hours and Waifs and Strays (released in a single version mixed by The Grid).The songs for the album were recorded at Marcus Beethoven Street Sarm West Advision and Mayfair Studios London.
 Echo Passage is a collaborative album by ambient musicians Alio Die (Stefano Musso) and Vidna Obmana (Dirk Serries). The album was originally released in 1999 on the Italian label Musica Maxima Magnetica and was reissued on Projekt Records in 2006.
 Around the World is the debut album by Ami Suzuki under label Avex Trax. Ami released a single by the same name on the same day.
 Hard Machine is the third solo album of singer Stacey Q released in 1988. It includes the moderate hit Don't Make a Fool of Yourself which peaked at #66. While the album was not very successful with mainstream audiences it fared slightly better with electronic dance music audiences.[citation needed] It also includes the club hit I Love You.
 Onlysee is the debut album of Australian recording artist Sia Furler released in 1997 after leaving the Adelaide based acid jazz band Crisp. Unlike her later albums OnlySee was marketed under her full name instead of simply Sia. It was produced by Jesse Flavell and released by the Australian record label Flavoured Records. The song Soon was re-recorded by Sia as Sober and Unkissed and featured on her album Healing Is Difficult. OnlySee is currently out of print.
 Dig It! is a jazz album by The Red Garland Quintet recorded in 1957 and 1958 but not released until 1962 on the Prestige label as PRLP 7229.
 Nema kajanja (English translation: No Regrets) is a studio album by Bosniak singer Hanka Paldum featuring the band Južni Vetar. It was released in 1985.
 North is the debut album of Darkstar. The album was released on October 18 2010
 Get to the Heart is the eighteenth studio album by American country artist Barbara Mandrell. The album was released in August 1985 on MCA Records and was produced by Tom Collins. It was Mandrell's first solo studio release since 1984's Clean Cut (which was released just months prior to her car accident in September 1984) and spawned three singles between 1985 and 1986.
 Yeah I Want You is the third single release of the This is the Sharp Album by Australian pop-rock band The Sharp. It was recorded at Platinum Studios in Melbourne Australia.
 Otan simani Esperinos (Greek: Όταν σημάνει Εσπερινός; English: When the evening bells are ringing) is the name of a studio album by Greek singer Marinella. It was released on September 6 1969 by PolyGram Records in Greece and all songs were released on 45 rpm vinyl records in 1968–69. This album was issued in mono and stereo. The stereo version of this album was released on CD in 1993 with six bonus tracks by PolyGram.
 Nine Lives is the 12th studio album by American rock band Aerosmith released March 18 1997. The album was produced by Aerosmith and Kevin Shirley and was the band's first studio album released by Columbia Records since 1982's Rock in a Hard Place. It peaked at #1 at the Billboard Charts. One of the album's singles Pink won a Grammy for Best Rock Performance By A Duo Or Group With Vocal.
 The Glass Bead Game is the seventh studio album from James Blackshaw. It was released in the United States on May 26 2009.
 Transfiguration of Vincent released in 2003 is the third studio album by singer-songwriter M. Ward. The title alludes to the 1965 album The Transfiguration of Blind Joe Death by John Fahey and refers to the life and death of Vincent O'Brien a close friend to Ward.
 Uncommon Ritual is the second album released by Sony Classical of string trios following Appalachia Waltz with unusual instrumentation and influences from bluegrass and folk music to create an Americana-style of traditional classical music. Uncommon Ritual adds jazz blues and elements from world music to the mix.
 The Magic Place is the debut album by ambient artist Julianna Barwick. The album released on February 21 2011 by Asthmatic Kitty Records.
 Electro-Soma is an album released by B12 in 1993. It was originally part of Warp's Artificial Intelligence series. The album features some tracks which had previously been released under different aliases including Musicology Redcell and Cmetric. A printing error in the booklet for the CD release leaves out Drift which was originally going to be a vinyl-exclusive track while Debris was to be exclusive to the CD version. In the end both tracks ended up on the CD version.
 Brave New Guitar is the first studio album by guitarist Frank Gambale released on December 1 1985 through Legato Records and reissued in 2000 through Wombat Records.
 Now That's What I Call Music! 84 or Now! 84 is a double-disc compilation album which was released in the United Kingdom on 25 March 2013.
 Stone Cold Sober is the fifth studio album by the German thrash metal band Tankard. It was released on June 9 1992 and reissued in 2005 by Nuclear Blast.
 The Two of Us is the third compilation album by American rock duo Sonny & Cher released in 1972 by Atco Records.
 Fallen Angel of Doom is Blasphemy's first full-length album released in 1990. The album is considered one of the most influential records for the war metal style (also known as war black metal or bestial black metal).
 The Singles is a singles b-sides and rarities compilation CD from the indiepop band Tullycraft. It compiles early seven inch singles & split singles compilation tracks and a couple live radio performances. The majority of the songs were recorded during the period between the band’s first two albums Old Traditions New Standards and City of Subarus.
 Your Turn to Fall is the seventh Jandek album and was released as Corwood 0745. It was reissued on CD in 2001.
 Lakeside is the debut album by Lakeside. Released in 1977 it was produced by Frank Wilson and Terri McFadden.
 The Groovy Sound of Music is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton recorded in 1964 and released on the RCA label which features jazz interpretations of tunes from the Broadway musical The Sound of Music written by Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II.
 The Wicked is Music is the name of a Crazy Penis album produced in 2002. Cover photography was by Simon King.
 Right On Time is the second album by the Los Angeles California-based duo Brothers Johnson. Released in 1977 the album peaked at number two on the R&B albums chart and number thirteen on the pop albums chart in the U.S. It includes the number-one R&B song Strawberry Letter 23 and winner of a Grammy Award in 1978 for Best R&B Instrumental Performance Q.
 Jimmy Rogers is a double compilation album of the blues guitarist Jimmy Rogers. The album was published as part of the Chess Masters series.
 Master Plan is a 1990 studio album by drummer Dave Weckl.
 Not to be confused with Metallica's Master of Puppets.The Puppet Master is an album by King Diamond released in 2003. A limited edition includes a DVD on which King Diamond is telling the story of The Puppet Master.
 The Flying Burrito Bros is the third album by the country rock group The Flying Burrito Brothers released in 1971. Before recording sessions for the album began Gram Parsons would leave the band for a solo career leaving Chris Hillman and Sneaky Pete Kleinow to carry on. In Parsons' place the band hired a young unknown musician named Rick Roberts who later was the lead singer of Firefall.
 On the Way to the Sky is a fourteenth studio album released by Neil Diamond in 1981. It contained the hit Yesterday's Songs which reached #11 in the US. The album marked a transition into a period of creative and commercial decline for him that lasted to one degree or another until the release of the 2001 album Three Chord Opera followed by his collaboration with producer Rick Rubin and the release of 2005's 12 Songs and 2008's Home Before Dark.
 Motive is the second album from Red Box and was released in 1990.
 B-Side is a premiere five song extended play by Chinese-American artist Baiyu released on December 07 2010 via the artist's Bandcamp page. Most of the songs from this project were completed during her 6 month stay in Kauai Hawaii where she also completed the filming for an independent film along with a music video for the single Sweet Misery.
 You Deserve Someone Better Than a Bum Like Me is an EP released by Swedish singer-songwriter Jens Lekman in May 2005 on his Australian tour.
 Never Told a Soul is the first solo album by John Illsley a founding member of Dire Straits.
 Spice is the debut album by British girl group the Spice Girls. It was first released by Virgin Records in November 1996 in Europe then in February 1997 for the rest of the world. The album was recorded at Olympic Studios in Barnes London between 1995 and 1996 by producers Matt Rowe and Richard Stannard and the production duo Absolute. The album is a pop record with an inclusion of styles such as dance R&B and hip hop.
 Department of Apocalyptic Affairs is the second album by the Norwegian avant-garde metal band Fleurety. The band used many guest musicians from the Norwegian music scene.
 Necessary Evil is the sixth studio album by Israeli death metal band Salem released on June 19 2007.The album includes the band's longest music piece Once Upon a Lifetime which lasts more than 20 minutes although it is divided into 5 parts in the album.
 Autopsy is a compilation album by 45 Grave. It contains new tracks alternate versions of existing tracks and the single Black Cross and its b-side Wax.
 Human the Death Dance is the third studio album by Sage Francis released on Epitaph Records in 2007.The title of the album is also the title of a poem by spoken word artist Buddy Wakefield who is signed to Francis' record label Strange Famous Records.
 Time for Tyner is the ninth album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner and his third released on the Blue Note label. It was recorded in May 1968 and features performances by Tyner with Bobby Hutcherson Herbie Lewis and Freddie Waits.
 Colors and Sounds is the second album by Article One. The album features fourteen new tracks and is being noted for its creativity quality of songs and musical depth.
 Campaign Button is a 4-track CD EP of songs by the Irish singer/songwriter Fionn Regan.
 Posa Hrostao is an album released by popular Greek singer Chrispa. It was released in Greece in 2006 by Minos EMI and was certified gold by IFPI.
 Koroshi no Shirabe: This Is Not Greatest Hits (殺シノ調ベ This Is NOT Greatest Hits The Songs of Murder: This Is Not Greatest Hits) is the first compilation album released by the Japanese rock band Buck-Tick. It was released on cassette and CD on March 21 1992 through Victor Entertainment. All of the tracks on the compilation were re-recorded and contain different musical arrangements because of this some argue that it is a studio or remix album.
 Counting the Hours is the second full length studio album by hard rock five piece Digital Summer. It was released on May 11 2010 and features the singles Just Run and Playing the Saint.
 Ray Stevens Christmas: Through a Different Window was the thirty-first studio album of Ray Stevens released in 1997 as well as his first album of Christmas music.
 Amit Erez is the second eponymous full-length studio album by Israeli folk/indie solo artist Amit Erez released on December 11 2007.It is the first real studio recording Erez has made as his debut album Wish I Could Make It a Story was basically a collection of early recordings and his first recording with his solo backing band.Postcard and Clever and Strong were released as singles with Postcard receiving a much-played and successful music video.
 House Party is a 1975 album released by the American R&B vocal group the Temptations on Motown Records' Gordy label.
 The Magazine is an album by Rickie Lee Jones released in September 1984. It is her third full-length studio album and was released as the follow-up to Pirates (1981). The album was partly composed in France and was co-produced by Jones and James Newton Howard.
 Outlaws is the first studio album by American southern rock band Outlaws released in 1975. (See 1975 in music). A cover version of the song Green Grass and High Tides appeared in the video game Rock Band.
 Invincible Summer is the ninth solo album by k.d. lang released by Warner Bros. Records in 2000.
 Burning Dorothy is the debut album by English singer-songwriter Thea Gilmore. It was released in November 1998.
 Stór Amhrán (A Wealth of Songs) is a music album by Irish singer Nóirín Ní Riain. It was released in 1988 and features mostly ancient and traditional songs many of which have been recorded for the first time by Ní Riain.
 Step Up Your Game is the first full length studio album by the Norwegian band Gerilja. It was streamed online from the 20th of May 2013 and released on CD and Vinyl on the 27th of May 2013 in Norway by Razzia Notes and two days later in Sweden.
 Sin Frenos (Without Brakes) is the fourth and final studio album release from Spanish music duo La Quinta Estación. The album received the Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album in 2010.
 En concert avec l'Orchestre Lamoureux (In concert with the Lamoureux Orchestra) is the second live album by the French duo Les Rita Mitsouko. It was recorded live at the Théâtre des Champs-Élysées by Madje Malki and Laurent Gatignol.
 The Winter Album is a seasonal album released exclusively in Germany by American boy band 'N Sync.
 Milagro is the sixteenth studio album by Santana released in 1992.Milagro which means miracle in Spanish was dedicated to the lives of Miles Davis and Bill Graham and was Santana's first album on the Polydor label after twenty-two years with Columbia Records.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album from New York alternative rock group Luscious Jackson released on the Capitol label on Feb 20 2007 (see 2007 in music). Released by Capitol only one of the tracks from their Grand Royal debut EP In Search of Manny made the cut.The album was released seven years after the breakup of the band and on the same day as Jill Cunniff's solo debut City Beach.
 World World World (ワールド ワールド ワールド Wārudo Wārudo Wārudo) is the fourth studio album by Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation released on March 5 2008.
 Expo 2001 is a 1993 Pizzicato Five remix album.
 Kharma is a live album by organist Charles Earland which was recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1974 and released on the Prestige label.
 Le Roi du Ziglibithy is one of Ivoirian singer Ernesto Djédjé's best known albums. It was released in 1977.
 Hello is the debut album by American singer/songwriter Poe released in 1995. The album was called innovative by critics due to its incorporation of R&B samples into an electronic soundscape something that was fairly unheard of at the time.
 Anoushka is the debut album of Indian sitar player Anoushka Shankar released in 1998. The pieces begin with a slow introduction of fluid rhythms (alap or aochar) and build in a crescendo to a spirited display of virtuosity with tabla accompaniment. Four of the album's five themes are based on ragas adapted by Ravi Shankar.
 World Warped III Live is the fifth installment in the compilation series accompanying the Warped Tour. It includes 25 tracks from artists in the 2000 tour lineup. All of the tracks are live recordings.
 Cello is a solo album by cellist David Darling recorded in 1991 and 1992 and released on the ECM label.
 Craic on the Road: Live at Sam Maguire's was the first full-length album by Four to the Bar released in 1994.
 Turbo Ocho is the sixth studio album released by Roger Clyne and the Peacemakers. It was released on April 29 2008.
 Aires Bucaneros is the sixth album from Puerto Rican folk singer Roy Brown and his first with the group Aires Bucaneros. The album was released under Brown's label Discos Lara-Yarí in 1979.
 Nifelvind (English: Underworld's Winds) is the fifth full-length album by the Finnish folk metal band Finntroll released on February 17 2010 through Century Media.This album reached the highest chart result in Finland by reaching position #8. It also entered the German album charts on #31 as well as the charts in Switzerland (#41) and Austria (#61).
 Clayton Park is the second full-length album by Canadian rock band Thrush Hermit. It was released on Sonic Unyon in 1999 and is the last recording they released as a band. The album produced two singles and videos for the songs From the Back of the Film and The Day We Hit the Coast.Clayton Park is a suburb in Halifax Nova Scotia the band's hometown.
 A Traditional Christmas is a Christmas album released by country music artist Joe Nichols. His first album of Christmas music it was also his second release in the year 2004. The album consists of ten renditions of traditional Christmas tunes.
 The Ultimate Urban Collection is the compilation album by Héctor & Tito.
 New Geocentric World of Acid Mothers Temple is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released in 2001 by Squealer Music.
 Merzbox is a box set compilation by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It consists of 50 CDs spanning Merzbow's career from 1979–1997; 30 discs are taken from long out of print releases while 20 are composed mainly of unreleased material. The box also contains two CD-ROMs six CD-sized round cards six round stickers a poster a black long-sleeve T-shirt a medallion and the Merzbook all packaged together in a fetish black rubber box. It is limited to 1000 numbered copies.
 Stoner Witch is the seventh album by Melvins which was released in 1994 through Atlantic Records.
 A Reason to Breathe is a self-released 2002 EP by US Hardcore/Rock band The Esoteric.
 Keep the Music Playing is a 1991 album by Shirley Bassey. The album was recorded in the UK at the Westgreen Studios and in the Netherlands at Wisseloord Studios Hilversum.
 The Desert Rose Band is the first studio album by the American country music/country rock group The Desert Rose Band. It was released June 2 1987 via MCA/Curb. The album peaked at #24 on the Top Country Albums chart.
 Tohuvabohu is industrial rock group KMFDM's fifteenth studio album released on August 21 2007 on the band's record label KMFDM Records and Metropolis Records. It was recorded in Seattle Washington.The word tohuvabohu is derived from the biblical Hebrew phrase tohu va bohu meaning without form and void or chaos and utter confusion which was used to describe the state of the earth before creation.
 We Still Have The Stars is the second album by The Resonance Association and was released via their own label mrsvee recordings in November 2008 as both a free download and heavyweight vinyl. The promotional campaign for We Still Have The Stars saw tracks on the cover CDs of Terrorizer (None More Evil) and Classic Rock Presents Prog (The Moment Has Passed) as well as features in local press and a number of smaller music websites.
 The Slay Stack Grows is a compilation album by the heavy metal band Slough Feg (formerly *The Lord Weird Slough Feg*).
 Kingspade is the eponymous freshman album of the group Kingspade. Kingspade was a long-awaited album as it was promoted throughout albums from the group's alternate band the Kottonmouth Kings. On the week of September 11 2004 the album hit #11 on the Billboard Top Internet Albums #44 on Top Heatseekers and #31 on the Top Independent Albums.
 Fat Bob's Feet is a full-length album by the Punk band Toy Dolls. It is one of the more popular pieces recorded by the band and included such punk favourites as Bitten by a Bed Bug The Sphinx Stinks and bonus single A-side Turtles Crazy! that wasn't included in original album tracklist.
 All In Good Time is the tenth studio album by Barenaked Ladies (the ninth if Barenaked Ladies Are Me and Are Men are considered as one double-album). All In Good Time was released on March 23 2010 in Canada and March 30 2010 in the United States.
 Bless is the third studio album by Swedish girl band Bubbles
 Through Silver in Blood is the fifth album from the California based post-metal band Neurosis. The album was released on April 23 1996 and was their first record to be released under record label Relapse Records. The album was reissued in July 2009 on Neurot Recordings.
 Animal Rights is the fourth studio album by American electronica musician Moby released on September 23 1996.
 PaniK Manifesto is an EP by Diary of Dreams. The album was released on November 8 2002
 Dragline is the debut album by the American grunge band Paw. It was released on May 4 1993 through A&M Records. While the album was not a commercial success it is generally considered among fans and critics to be the band's best album.The single Jessie released in 1993 became a minor hit.
 The Velvet Hour is a 2003 album by Bird York. It features the song In the Deep from the film Crash. Producers on this record include Michael Becker Bird York Thom Russo and Larry Klein. It also includes songs heard on CSI: NY House Seven Pounds Everwood the John Cusack-produced feature Never Get Outta The Boat and Jake 2.0 among others. This record was licensed by EMI from York's label Blissed Out Records in 2006 and rereleased with minor changes as Wicked Little High.
 Stay Down is the fourth studio album by Chicago pop punk group Smoking Popes. It was released on Curb Appeal Records the band's first release since 1997. It was released on August 5 2008. Copies of the album were made available for purchase at Smoking Popes concert shows before its physical release and it was also made available at iTunes before its retail release.The album will be reissued by Asian Man Records in 2011.
 Work Song is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley recorded in January 1960 and released on the Riverside label. It features Adderley with Bobby Timmons Wes Montgomery Sam Jones Percy Heath Keter Betts and Louis Hayes in various combinations from a trio to a sextet with the unusual sound of pizzicato cello to the fore on some tracks.The title tune was given lyrics and covered the following year by Oscar Brown Jr.
 Staatsfeind Nr. 1 (German: Public Enemy No. 1) is the third solo album by German rapper Bushido released November 4 2005 under ersguterjunge. Features include Baba Saad D-Bo Chakuza Billy13 Eko Fresh Godsilla and J. R. Writer. The album received Gold status in Germany for more than 100000 units sold. Two singles were released Endgegner and Augenblick.
 Morbid Invasion is the debut demo from New Jersey thrash metal band Fantom Warior. It was released in 1986 on cassette tape and was followed up by 1987's Fantasy Or Reality full-length album.
 For Members Only is an album by American jazz organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1963 for the Impulse! label.
 Tragic Illusion 25 (The Rarities) is a compilation album by gothic metal band Paradise Lost. It was released on November 5 2013 through Century Media. The compilation album contains a previously unreleased track Loneliness Remains as well as two cover tracks two remixes and two re-recordings.
 Head Music is the fourth album by English alternative rock band Suede released by Nude Records in May 1999. Produced and mixed by Steve Osborne Head Music features a more electronic sound which was a new approach for the band. The recording of Head Music was plagued with difficulties such as singer Brett Anderson's addiction to crack and keyboardist Neil Codling's struggle with chronic fatigue syndrome.
 The Complete Poland Concerts 1976 and 1978 is a compilation of the complete live recordings made by the Thad Jones / Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra in Poland in August 1976 and October 1978. Two additional tracks from a 1978 Berlin concert round out the album.
 Boulevard is an album by French DJ Ludovic Navarre released under the stage name St. Germain. It was originally released in the UK on July 28 1995 but was later released in the USA March 26 2002. The album is more dance music-oriented and relaxing compared to his 2000 hit album Tourist.
 To Willie is the fourth full-length album by Phosphorescent and their second on the Dead Oceans label.The complete album is a tribute to Willie Nelson.To Willie From Phosphorescent - To Willie From PhossyRhapsody (online music service) praised the album calling it one of their favorite cover albums.
 A Cross the Universe is a live album by Justice released in 2008. Its title is a play on words referencing the Beatles song Across the Universe and the band's own album †.
 Live May 11 1968 is a live album by the American psychedelic rock band H. P. Lovecraft and was released in 1991. The eight tracks included on the album were all recorded at The Fillmore West in San Francisco California on May 11 1968 soon after the band's original bass player Jerry McGeorge had been replaced by Jeffrey Boyan.
 Tylko dla dorosłych (Polish pronunciation: [ˌtɨlkɔ dla dɔˈrɔswɨx] English: Only for adults) is an album released by Polish rapper O.S.T.R. on February 26 2010. The album reached #1 on the OLiS charts.
 Tidal Eyes is the first full-length studio album by American indie band The Queen Killing Kings. It was released on July 17 2009 by Wind-up Records.
 Hard Core is the first solo album released by former Streetheart & Loverboy lead guitarist founder and main songwriter Paul Dean from 1989. The lead-off track Sword & Stone was demoed by Kiss for their Crazy Nights album in 1987 and later additionally recorded by the German Rockers Bonfire in 1989 for the film Shocker and accompanying soundtrack. The Bryan Adams-penned Draw the Line was originally recorded by Ted Nugent with Brian Howe on lead vocals in 1984 on his Penetrator album.
 All of My Mind is the first album of Japanese singer Kōji Wada. The album was released on December 5 2001 through King Records.
 Blindfold (also known as Ten Little Girls) is Curve's first single/EP. It was released on 4 March 1991 and it reached #68 in the UK singles chart. All four songs from the EP were included in the compilation Pubic Fruit issued in 1992.Blindfold was selected as Single of the Week by Melody Maker. It was also voted as the 5th Single of the Year by the same magazine.
 L.A. EP 3 X 3 is the third in a series of 3 EPs released by Flying Lotus to complement his Los Angeles album. It was released August 19 2009 by Warp Records. Riot (Take Rmx) was released as a digital bonus track on both iTunes and Bleep. Auntie's Lock (with The Life Force Trio) was released as a free bonus track on the Warp Records website.
 Live At Montezuma Hall is the first live album from singer-songwriter Mickey Newbury recorded at Montezuma Hall at San Diego State University in 1973. Featuring Newbury performing solo with an acoustic guitar the album is notable for touching renditions of many of Newbury's excellent songs and for his personable and humored performance.
 Malicorne 1 is an album by Malicorne. It is sometimes referred to as Colin because the album is called Malicorne and Colin is the first track. The absence of any rock drummer and the complexity of the sound makes it closer to folk than rock. It was recorded in 1974 and released in 1975.
 The Black Angel is the fifteenth album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard recorded in 1969 and released in 1970. It was his fourth release on the Atlantic label and features performances by Hubbard James Spaulding Kenny Barron Reggie Workman Louis Hayes and Carlos Patato Valdes.
 Encore was Bobby Vinton's thirty-second studio album released in 1980. Make Believe It's Your First Time and Let Me Love You Goodbye are two singles lifted from the album. Cover versions include He and To All the Girls I've Loved Before.
 Devil's Meat is a 7 EP released in 1994 on Babylon Whores' own label Sugar Cult. The release was limited to 300 copies of which the first 100 had a bag of dog meat attached to them. The band rehearsed eight times before recording Devil's Meat at Studio Equaliz in Helsinki Finland.
 ...Baby One More Time is the debut studio album by American recording artist Britney Spears. It was released on January 12 1999 by Jive Records. In June 1997 while Spears negotiated with manager Lou Pearlman to join female pop group Innosense her mother asked family friend and entertainment lawyer Larry Rudolph for his opinion and submitted a tape of Spears singing over a Whitney Houston karaoke song.
 Prezervation is a compilation album by saxophone player Stan Getz and pianist Al Haig. It was released in the summer of 1967 and includes performances recorded between 1949 and 1950. The album features both instrumental and vocal pieces. Whilst the first eight pieces had been available on various LPs before tracks 9-12 were unissued at the time of the album's release and don't feature Getz playing.
 Live in Japan is a 2001 live album by German/British avant-pop group Slapp Happy recorded in Tokyo Sapporo and Kyoto Japan in May 2000. They performed without any backing musicians and played all the instruments themselves. Material for this album was drawn from four of their studio albums Sort Of Slapp Happy/Acnalbasac Noom Desperate Straights and Ça Va.A free bonus single Coralie was given to subscribers of the album.
 You're The Reason is the title of Melinda Doolittle's second album released on November 12 2013. The EP features original material co-authored by Melinda. Also Melinda is featured on covers such as Give (song) previously released by LeAnn Rimes and Home from The Wiz.
 Move (sometimes subtitled You Make Me Feel So Good) is a song by American electronica musician Moby. It was his first release on Mute Records in the UK and on Elektra Records in the U.S. Released in September 1993 it hit number 1 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart and number 27 on the UK Singles Chart.[citation needed]It was released as a non-album EP and served as Moby's sixth single release overall. Move was engineered by all-star producer Curt Frasca.
 We Are the Weirdos or We R The Weirdoz is the third album from The Peppermint Creeps.
 Trax (トラックス torakkusu) is the debut album from Japanese electronic music group Ravex.
 Women & Songs 10 is the special 10th anniversary edition in the Women & Songs franchise.
 Rhyme Pays is the debut album of Ice-T released in 1987.The album especially tracks like 6 'N the Mornin' is considered to have defined the gangsta genre and was the first hip hop album to carry a Parental Advisory warning label although it was years before the industry-standard explicit-lyrics sticker was developed. The 1988 CD release included four bonus tracks.
 The Monkey on My Shoulder EP is a collection of demo songs written British singer-songwriter James Blunt. The EP was released on 4 June 2006 by Custard Records and Atlantic Records exclusively through Target Stores in the US. The EP was also made available to download via iTunes. The EP features five demo recordings of songs which would later appear on Blunt's debut studio album Back to Bedlam or as B-sides to singles from that album.
 The Argument is the sixth studio album from the post-hardcore band Fugazi released on October 16 2001 through Dischord Records. It was recorded at Don Zientara's Inner Ear Studios in Arlington VA and the Dischord House between January and April 2001. Upon release it was met with critical and commercial success. It is the band's last before going on indefinite hiatus in 2003.
 Xerrox Vol.2 is an album by German electronic artist Alva Noto.
 Burning the Day is the seventh studio album by the Randy Rogers Band an American country music group. It was released on August 24 2010 via MCA Nashville. Its first single Too Late for Goodbye peaked at number 47 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.
 Hotel New York is the fourth studio album recorded by the Dutch pop/rock singer Anouk and released on December 3 2004 in the Netherlands. The album is named for the location where Anouk wrote all its songs: Hotel New York in Rotterdam. Debuting at number one the album was a major success staying at that top spot for twelve weeks. Hotel New York remained on the Dutch albums chart for eighty-seven weeks eventually going triple platinum.
 Goodnight L.A. is the eighth studio album by the British melodic rock band Magnum released in 1990 by Polydor.Polydor had plans to break Magnum in America and Goodnight L.A. was an attempt to refine Magnum's sound for the American market.[citation needed]Most of the material was already written and arranged at least in demo form and was taken to Los Angeles and Vancouver to find an American producer. Keith Olsen was suggested because of the success of his work on Whitesnake's 1987.
 Hymns is a 1965 Gospel album by American country singer-songwriter Loretta Lynn.This was Lynn's first Gospel album of her career. The album was a pick of 12 Gospel and Inspirational music songs that were either popular over the years or were written by Lynn herself for this album. Well known Christian songs such as How Great Thou Art and In the Sweet Bye and Bye appear in this album. The album peaked at #10 on the Top Country Albums chart.
 Young Ballers: The Hood Been Good to Us is the debut studio album by family rap group Rich Boyz led by teen rapper Romeo Miller. It was released on November 22 2005 with the new formed company Guttar Music and was sold via internet.
 Grey Dusk of Eve is a limited-edition EP by Canadian folk music group The Rankin Family released by EMI in 1995. It peaked at number 29 on the RPM Top Albums chart. The EP was certified Gold by the CRIA for sales of 50000 copies.
 The New Adventures of Curve is the fifth and final studio album released by the British band Curve.The LP was exclusively available via the group's official website. Before their release on the album various tracks had been available as downloads.
 Introns is an album by LCD Soundsystem released in March 2006 as a digital download. It is a compilation of b-sides and remixes from the album LCD Soundsystem and associated singles. The cover image shows James Murphy's record collection.Three of the tracks are from a session recorded for London radio station Xfm. The session version of Slowdive a Siouxsie and the Banshees cover was originally on the Disco Infiltrator single.
 The Most Wonderful Time of the Year released on October 5 2010 on Heads Up is a Gospel music album by American contemporary Gospel music group Take 6.
 White Lotus is the fourth full length album by Tempe Arizona post-hardcore band Eyes Set to Kill. The album was released on August 9 2011. This is the first album to feature the screamer Cisko Miranda. Also the first full length not to feature ex-guitarist Greg Kerwin. Furthermore it's their first album to be released under their own record label Foresee Records. Pre-orders for the album went up at 12 P.M. PST on July 7 2011.
 These Days is a 2006 box set by country artist Vince Gill. Consisting of 43 original songs spanning four discs the album displays the range of Gill’s lyrical and musical styles ranging from traditional country and bluegrass to jazz and rock. The album was nominated for two Grammy Awards including Album of the Year and won Best Country Album. The album is currently number 10 on People Magazine's Top 10 Best Albums of the Century (So Far).
 Side Three is a 2006 album by Adrian Belew.It is part of a series of albums. The other three so far to be released are Side One Side Two and Side Four.
 De Viaje (Traveling) is the second studio album from Sin Bandera. It was released on October 21 2003. The album earned the band their second Latin Grammy Award for Best Pop Album by a Duo or Group with Vocals.
 Friday is the soundtrack album for the 1995 comedy film Friday. It was released on April 11 1995 on CD and cassette through Priority Records and consisted of hip hop and R&B music. The soundtrack reached No. 1 on the Billboard 200 where it held the position for two weeks and the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart for six weeks. It also spawned the successful Dr. Dre single Keep Their Heads Ringin' which made it to No. 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 1 on the Hot Rap Tracks chart.
 Ten Years of Harmony is an official double album compilation album released by The Beach Boys in 1981 and spanning their entire Brother Records-era up to that point (1970–80) including some unreleased or rare material. Although the song Darlin' was recorded in 1967 while at Capitol Records the version on Ten Years of Harmony is a live version recorded in 1973 for the album The Beach Boys in Concert.The Beach Boys had more or less splintered in 1981.
 If 60's Were 90's is an album by Beautiful People. It spawned the hits Rilly Groovy which made #3 on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart and the title track If 60's Were 90's which made #74 on the UK Singles Chart and #5 on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart.
 This Mortal Coil is the fifth studio release of the progressive metal band Redemption. The album was officially released on October 11 2011. The inspiration for the album came from guitarist/keyboardist Nick Van Dyk being diagnosed with cancer and told he had 3–5 years to live only to later have that diagnosis overturned and be declared cancer-free.
 Lovebubble is the fourth and final studio album by American synthpop and electronic band Book of Love released on June 15 1993 by Sire Records.
 A Perfect Contradiction is the third studio album by English recording artist Paloma Faith released by Sony Music Entertainment on 10 March 2014. Musically the album is a pop album with elements of R&B jazz soul Motown and disco. The album received mixed to positive reviews.
 Stay is the tenth and final studio album from British pop group Simply Red. It was released on 12 March 2007 in the UK and entered the official charts at #4. The song most popular and played on radios is So Not Over You.
 Waylon & Willie is a duet album by Waylon Jennings and Willie Nelson released on RCA Victor in 1978. It stayed at #1 album on the country album charts for ten weeks. The album contains three songs sung individually by Jennings and Nelson as well as five duets.
 Hot Together is the title of the twelfth studio album by the Pointer Sisters released in November 1986 on the RCA label.
 Greatest Hits of All Times – Remix '88 is a remix album by Boney M. released in 1988. Boney M.'s new manager at the time Simon Napier-Bell succeeded in persuading the four original members to briefly reunite and promote this remix album. The man employed to re-arrange the original hits and create new interest in the band was PWL's Pete Hammond who previously had remixed many of the Stock Aitken Waterman stable's chart-topping hits with Kylie Minogue Jason Donovan Rick Astley and Bananarama.
 Drawn from Life is also the name of a series of short animated films by Paul FierlingerDrawn from Life is a 2001 music album by the British ambient musician Brian Eno and J. Peter Schwalm.
 Sortir is a 2009 studio album recorded by French singer Gérald de Palmas. It was his fifth solo album and his seventh album overall released on 16 November 2009 (AZ/Universal Music). The three singles off the album were Au bord de l'eau which was much aired on radio and number 25 in Belgium Dans une larme and Mon coeur ne bat plus. The album was successful peaking at number two in France on both physical and digital charts number four in Belgium.
 Just the Hits 4 was released in 2001. The album is the fourth edition of the New Zealand compilation series.
 Back Again! is the second album by Mr. Cheeks released on March 18 2003 through Universal Records.
 Best of Nicola is a 2003 album by Romanian singer Nicoleta Alexandru.
 Smash is the debut album from Jackson and His Computerband.
 Friday is the debut album by the Danish pop singer and Popstars participant Christine Milton released on April 13 2004. It spawned four singles with Superstar being the most successful peaking at #1 on the Danish Singles Chart in February 2003. It was later covered internationally by Jamelia.
 You are freaking me out is the fifth album from the American band Samiam. Released in 1997 on Burning Heart Records and (the now defunct) Ignition Records.
 Cymande is the self-titled debut album by British funk group Cymande released in 1972.
 Ma Fleur (my flower in French) is the fourth full-length release and third proper studio album by The Cinematic Orchestra released on 7 May 2007. The North American version of the album contains 10 tracks in a different sequence from the UK version and omits Child Song.
 In The Red is an EP by A Global Threat. It was released in 2000 on Rodent Popsicle Records. The sound is similar to their first two full-lengths albums although Bryan now does not split the vocals. Mark Unseen left before this recording.
 Lubov' Ogromnaya Strana (Love is a Huge Country) is a studio album by Russian rock band Vesyolye Rebyata.
 Kiss Each Other Clean is the fourth studio album by Iron & Wine released January 25 2011 via 4AD (worldwide) and Warner Bros. in the US. The album's title is taken from the lyrics of track 10 Your Fake Name Is Good Enough for Me. The first track from the album Walking Far from Home was released on November 26 in CD single and 12 vinyl versions as part of a special Record Store Day Black Friday event. The digital download version was released on November 30.
 Britny Fox is the debut album by the American glam metal band Britny Fox released in 1988. The album contains the hits Long Way to Love Girlschool and the power ballad Save the Weak.
 Emission Phase is the third full-length studio album by the band Detonation and was released by the French label Osmose Productions. The artwork was made by Eliran Kantor.
 Right Now! is the second studio album by the American noise rock band Pussy Galore released in 1987 through Matador Records.
 EP 3 is an EP by British house music duo Basement Jaxx. It contains experimental works rare tracks and Fly Life which was released as a single and appeared on the album Basement Jaxx: The Singles. EP 3 was released under Basement Jaxx's own label Atlantic Jaxx.
 Ignite and Rebuild is the third full-length album by metalcore band Life In Your Way. It was released in 2005 on Indianola Records.
 Colored Lights: The Broadway Album is the eighth studio album--and the first tribute album--by American singer-songwriter-actress Debbie Gibson. Released in 2003 on the Fynsworth Alley label it includes songs from nine preexisting theatre musicals and one from her own original theatre musical Skirts.
 Break Up the Concrete is the ninth studio album by rock group The Pretenders. It is their first studio album since Loose Screw in 2002. Several exclusive editions of the disc exist (see track listing below); each appends a new countrified version of Pretenders' classic in keeping with the general sound of the album. The title song Break Up the Concrete was used in the opening scene of an episode of House M.D.
 The Altar and the Door is the third studio album by American Christian rock band Casting Crowns released on August 28 2007 on Beach Street Records and Reunion Records. Produced by Mark A. Miller the album was inspired by lead singer Mark Hall's experience looking at the MySpace pages of his youth ministry students. The album's main theme is the difference between how Christians feel in church and the compromises they make outside of it.
 Beautiful Rewind is the seventh studio album by electronic musician Four Tet. It was released on October 14 2013 by his own record label Text Records.
 Betti-Cola is the 1993 debut album from Canadian twee pop group Cub. Originally released in fall of 1993 the album was remastered and re-released with bonus tracks in 2007 by Mint Records.The album features tracks taken from various 7 EP's as well as a handful of covers. A 12-song double EP 7 called Betti Cola with similar cover art was released at roughly the same time as the CD.Cover art is courtesy of legendary Archie Comics cartoonist Dan DeCarlo.
 The Rollercoaster Tour was a 1992 co-headlining concert tour by the English Britpop band Blur the American indie rock band Dinosaur Jr. the Irish alternative rock band My Bloody Valentine and the Scottish noise pop band The Jesus and Mary Chain.
 Human is the debut studio album released by Northern Irish musician Max Cooper on March 10 2014 through Fields Records. It features vocal contributions by Kathrin deBoer and Braids.
 Never Forget is an album by punk rock band Alien Father.
 Today is collection of classic songs by The Brooklyn Bridge and The Crests as well as other notable doo wop songs that were re-recorded by the current line-up of Johnny Maestro & The Brooklyn Bridge. The album was released on May 11 2004 by Collectables Records. A follow-up titled Today Volume 2 was released in 2009.
 Classic Queen is a 1992 compilation of songs by the English rock band Queen. It was issued to capitalise on the sudden Queen fever generated in the United States following the release of the movie Wayne's World. The album reached number four on the Billboard 200 and is certified three times platinum in the U.S and five times platinum in Canada. Although critically acclaimed as an excellent compilation it did not fit in with the previous Queen compilations.
 The Intimate Miss Christy is a 1963 June Christy album.
 Keep in Mind Frankenstein is the second full length album by Seattle's Grand Archives.
 The Strange Idols Pattern and Other Short Stories is the third album by English alternative rock band Felt released in 1984.Tracks 2 4 and 7 are instrumental. Crucifix Heaven was omitted from recent reissues of the album. Whirlpool Vision of Shame is a re-recording of earlier single My Face is on Fire with new lyrics.
 Planet Bob & Tom is a comedy album by The Bob and Tom Show which was first released in December 1995. It is a double disc CD which represents original material recorded during their syndicated daily radio show and other studio numbers which had not been previously presented on air.
 Ride Rope and Destroy is an EP by the band Guerilla Rodeo. It is their only release as the band's founder Reese Roper left to start a new band called Roper.
 Rethroned is the second album by Finnish symphonic metal band Northern Kings. It was released on November 19 2008 as a CD in Finland and to download via the European iTunes Store. Upon release the album entered the Finnish charts at number 16. The album was released in Japan on February 25 2009 with the Michael Jackson cover They Don't Care About Us as a bonus track.
 I Gotta Habit is the debut album by Philadelphia-based old school rapper Cool C released in 1989. The album reached #51 on the Billboard R&B Albums chart in 1989 and had a single Glamorous Life that almost cracked the Top 10 Hot Rap Singles chart that same year (reaching #11).
 Handmade is the second album by Jimmy Rankin released on November 4 2003 (see 2003 in music).
 Tsūzetsu (痛絶) is an album released by Mucc on January 7 2001. It is their debut album and was released on the independent label Peanuts. The first pressing of the album included a bonus track and a sticker but was limited to only five thousand copies. A second pressing was released on June 17 the same year titled Tsūzetsu ~Inshōchigai~ (痛絶 ～印象違～) with the hidden track absent a different track order and no sticker.
 Tron: Legacy Reconfigured (stylized on album artwork as Tron: Legacy R3CONF1GUR3D) is a remix album of music by Daft Punk released by Walt Disney Records on April 5 2011. The album features remixes of selections of the Tron: Legacy film score by various contemporary electronic musicians. Tron: Legacy Reconfigured charted in several countries and peaked at number one in the Billboard Dance/Electronic chart. The album was released to mixed reviews.
 Exhibition (1987) is a double disc compilation album of Gary Numan's hits and selected other tracks released on the Beggars Banquet Records label. The songs cover from his early punk years of 1978 with Tubeway Army to the songs from the Warriors album of 1983.It was released by Beggars Banquet Records in September 1987 as an LP cassette and with an expanded track listing CD.A remix of Numan's 1979 single Cars was released to promote the album.
 Rise Up is the ninth studio album by American hard rock band Saliva. The record was released on April 29 2014 via Rum Bum Records label. It is a re-release of their previous record In It to Win It. It features all of its songs except Animal Flesh and I.D.N.A.E.
 Give Me My Flowers While I Can Still Smell Them is the second collaborative album by American rapper Blu and hip-hop producer Exile who are commonly referred to as Blu & Exile. The album was released on December 16 2011 via Bandcamp. Recording sessions took place over the course of 2009 however the duo decided to keep the release on hold due to bad audio quality and officially re-released the album on September 4 2012 with a new updated track listing.
 Forging the Eclipse is the fifth studio album by German melodic death metal band Neaera. It was released on October 26 2010 through Metal Blade Records.
 iMerica is the second full-length studio album from Anew Revolution. The album was released on May 18 2010 via Koch Records.As with Rise no new songs from the live EP Live At The Machine Shop! were re-recorded or included on this album.
 Predsednici Predsedništva Predsednika is the best of compilation by the Serbian punk rock band Atheist Rap released by Hi-Fi Centar in 2001.
 Mató Mi Corazon (Killed My Heart) is the fifth studio album by the Mexican group Los Freddy's. The album was released in 1968. This album featured a new instrument for the group - the organ - played by Esteban El Chester Rodríguez. The first track Mató Mi Corazon was a hit and solidified the addition of Rodríguez making the band a group of seven members. However many fans were not aware of the new addition due to the photos on the album.
 This article describes the 12th album in the Canadian Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 12 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow! 12 is a music compilation album that was released on August 21 2007. The album is the 12th edition of the Canadian Now! series.
 Valley of the Damned is the debut album by English power metal band DragonForce. In 2000 while their name was still DragonHeart a demo version of the album was recorded and sent to Noise Records subsequently gaining DragonHeart a deal with the label. It was later rerecorded in late 2000 and released as the band's debut studio album on 25 February 2003 following the band's obtainance of the deal with Noise Records.
 When I'm Alone I Cry is the third studio album by Marvin Gaye released in 1964. It was one of several attempts of the singer to make a name for himself as a jazz vocalist. After When I'm Alone I Cry was unsuccessful upon its release Gaye finally balked under pressure to record more R&B and soul material. By the end of the decade he had become one of the best-selling and most revered soul artists of his generation.
 Love Is for Suckers is the fifth album by the heavy metal band Twisted Sister. It was strongly influenced by hair metal bands although the band split after its release and had a lot of conflicts with this record which led to a split. According to the Live At Wacken DVD the material was originally meant to be a solo album by Twisted Sister's lead singer Dee Snider but the label pushed for it to be released under the Twisted Sister name instead.
 Mothership Connection Newberg Session is a live album by George Clinton and Parliament-Funkadelic. It was recorded in Hangar E at Stewart Airfield in Newburgh New York on September 26 1976 during the rehearsals for the P-Funk Earth Tour. The live album was released by P-Vine Records in Japan on December 25 1995.One song that was recorded during the rehearsal Cosmic Slop was released in 1976 on the Funkadelic album Hardcore Jollies.
 Infinito is the sixth album by the band Fresno. The album was released digitally November 1 2012 and physically on November 23 selling 5000 copies on CD in the first two weeks.It has 11 tracks and is approximately 45 minutes long. The first single was Infinito and its video was released on July 17 2012. The album is available in its entirety on the band's YouTube channel.
 Hearts In Mind is an album by country singer Nanci Griffith which was released in Ireland and the United Kingdom on October 11 2004. It was later released in the USA on February 1 2005 featuring the bonus track Our Very Own.[1]. As with Griffith's 2001 album Clock Without Hands Vietnam is a recurring theme (Old Hanoi Heart Of Indochine).
 The Spiral Notebook is the third solo album by Canadian rock guitarist Rik Emmett released in 1995.
 My Story Classical is a compilation with classical versions of songs from Ayumi Hamasaki's album My Story. My Story Classical was released on March 24 2005. Most of the tracks were recorded with the Lamoureux Orchestra of France which was conducted by Yutaka Sado.
 Quazar is the debut album from the band Quazar. The band was led by former P-Funk vocalist Glenn Goins who also served as the producer and arranger of the album. Goins died before the album's release effectively sealing the group's fate. The album was released by Arista Records in the fall of 1978. The album also features contributions from former P-Funk drummer Jerome Brailey.
 Salival is a limited edition box set in CD/VHS and CD/DVD formats released in 2000 by American rock band Tool. It includes a 56-page book of photos and stills from their music videos.
 Ding Dong Who Rang the Bell was an album by Franciscus Henri released in 1972 by Fable Records on 33 rpm vinyl record.
 Pocket Revolution is the fourth album by Deus released in 2005. The cover art is based on The Von Neumann-Machine a story from Don Lawrence's Storm series of graphic novels.Pocket Revolution was the first Deus studio album to be released in six years since The Ideal Crash in 1999. The band featuring Craig Ward and Danny Mommens disintegrated during its recording. Craig Ward who was supposed to produce the record left the band in August 2004 soon followed by Danny Mommens.
 Garvey's Ghost is the fourth album by the reggae group Burning Spear which was one of the seminal vocal trios in reggae. released in 1976 on Island Records ILPS 9382. Each track is a dub version of its correspondent song on the group's third album Marcus Garvey.
 The Essential Live is a live concert video by Mike Oldfield. It was recorded live at the Knebworth Festival on 21 July 1980 and the interviews are in Oldfield's studio. It was released on Laserdisc and VHS in 1980.
 The Opener is an album by American trombonist Curtis Fuller recorded in 1957 and released on the Blue Note label as BLP 1567.
 The Singles is a singles compilation released by German synthpop group Camouflage on 7 February 2014 via Polydor label. The album contains all of the band's twenty singles remastered in their original single versions.
 Solo is a Don McLean double live album. It was recorded live in Manchester Bristol London and Oxford England.
 R&R (Rare & Remixed) is a compilation made by BT. It contains various remixes of BT's songs BT's remixes of other artists' songs and unreleased unmixed BT songs. It is a double album and is also BT's first compilation album released in 2001.
 The Lick on the Tip of an Envelope Yet to Be Sent is the debut full-length album by psychedelic folk band Circulus.
 ... & Nobody Else was released in 1999 and is a live album released by British rock band New Model Army.The tracks on this album were recorded at a variety of venues during the Strange Brotherhood tour of 1998.
 En Directo Desde el Otro Lado (Straight from the Other Side) (2007) is the twenty-fifth album and seventh live album by Mexican Rock Blues band El Tri.
 Blow My Fuse is the fourth album by the hard rock band Kix. It was released on September 19 1988 on Atlantic Records.
 I Know a Place is the third and final studio album by American country music artist Davis Daniel. Its only single was its title track which failed to chart. This was also Daniel's only album for the A&M Records label which would close its country division shortly after the album's release.
 This Is Where the Fight Begins is the first full length album by the Brighton UK band The Ghost of a Thousand. The album was released on February 19 2007 on Undergroove Records. It was given 5K's (out of 5) in the rock magazine Kerrang!. The album was re-released as a 12 record under Holy Roar Records with new art and a bonus CD with nine unheard recordings on September 7 2009.
 Believers is a studio album by American singer-songwriter Don McLean released in 1981.
 Past Lives is a compilation of live performances of post-hardcore band Saccharine Trust released in 1989 through SST.
 Shanice is the fourth studio album by American R&B singer Shanice released March 3 1999 on LaFace Records. The album peaked at No. 15 on Billboards Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and No. 56 on Billboard 200. The lead single When I Close My Eyes held the record for the biggest leap in 1-week on Billboard's Hot 100 (from #91 to #16) up until 2006. The song peaked at #12 on the Hot 100 chart.
 The Flip is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on July 12 1969 in Paris France and released on the Blue Note label. It features performances by Mobley with Dizzy Reece Slide Hampton Vince Benedetti Alby Cullaz and Philly Joe Jones.
 Collective is a box set containing three CDs by Clock DVA released on August 3 1994. It initially was issued through Hyperium Records as a three disc set. After the 1000 pressings were sold it was re-issued as a single disc through Cleopatra Records.
 Aged and Confused is a 2009 comedy album by comedian Bill Engvall.
 Twitch is the second studio album by industrial metal band Ministry released in 1986. The album stepped away from the pop-oriented form of their previous album With Sympathy and moved toward a darker more aggressive sound in the form of EBM. Released by Sire Records Jourgensen was granted more artistic control over the production than under Arista/BMG.
 Diana Ross is a 1976 album by Diana Ross for the Motown label her second self-titled LP (the first was her 1970 debut album later rereleased as Ain't No Mountain High Enough).The album was Ross' biggest-selling album since 1973's Touch Me in the Morning and the first of Ross' albums since her debut to yield more than four hit singles.
 Discrespective is a New Zealand/Australian 3-disc ten-year anniversary compilation album of the Big Day Out music festival released in 2002.
 Odpotovanja is the first studio album by Slovene musician Tomaž Pengov. It was recorded in 1973 and released on vinyl. This album is considered to be the first independently released record in former Yugoslavia. It was reissued in 1981 in stereo; the original mono edition is very rare now.
 Poco: The Songs of Paul Cotton is a compilation album consisting of songs by Paul Cotton of the band Poco released in 1979.
 Completely is the second studio album of Filipino singer Christian Bautista released on December 22 2005 in the Philippines by Warner Music Philippines. Its singles include Everything You Do Invincible She Could Be and My Heart Has a Mind of Its Own. Bautista wrote two songs for the album (a first time for the singer) —Now That You Are Here and Please Don't Go.
 Grammy Nominated is an by new age artist Kitaro. It has 13 tracks from each of his Grammy-nominated albums.
 Into the West is the debut album released in 2004 by New Zealand singer Yulia (Yulia MacLean). That same year the album was rereleased in December as a two disc special edition entitled Into The West Special Christmas Edition.
 Nothing is the fourth album by Swedish metal band Meshuggah originally released in 2002. The album entered the Billboard 200 chart at number 165 slightly higher than the band's following effort Catch Thirtythree.A last-minute decision to join 2002's Ozzfest tour forced the band to mix the album in two days and to master it in one. It was re-mastered for a new re-release with re-recorded guitars in 2006.
 Flyleaf is the debut studio album by the American rock band Flyleaf. It was released on October 4 2005 through Octone Records. A re-packaged CD/DVD special edition was released on October 30 2007 which included additional acoustic tracks and music videos.
 Lost Gems & Rare Tracks is a compilation of singles unreleased tracks demos and other rare songs by queercore band Pansy Division. It was released exclusively on iTunes in 2010. The album follows the bands two other rarities albums 1995's Pile Up and 1997's More Lovin' from Our Oven.
 Live at the Roxy Theatre is a live album released by Brian Wilson in 2000. After a successful period of touring following the release of Imagination Wilson decided to record his first ever live solo album. Accompanied by his supporting band Wilson used Live at the Roxy Theatre to play his old Beach Boys favorites as well as some less-heard highlights from his long career.There are a few surprises amid the well-known classics however.
 Fyra Bugg & en Coca Cola also known as 4 Bugg & en Coca Cola was released on 13 April 1987 and is a studio album from Swedish pop singer Lotta Engberg. It was her debut album.
 Photosynthetic is the tenth album and third live album by Australian improvised music trio The Necks released on the Russian Long Arms label in 2003. The album features a single track titled Photosynthetic performed by Chris Abrahams Lloyd Swanton and Tony Buck recorded live at DOM Cultural Center Moscow on 29 March 2002.
 Love Has Come For You is a 2013 bluegrass music CD featuring a 13 song collaboration of original songs by Steve Martin (music) and Edie Brickell (lyrics).
 Hostage Life's debut EP Sing for the Enemy was released by Toronto's Underground Operations record label in 2004.
 2 Drink Minimum is the third solo album released by jazz fusion guitarist Wayne Krantz. It is the first live album released by him and includes a lot of improvisation and freer techniques than his first two albums. It also includes more use of effects pedals and implies Wayne's future styles on later Greenwich Mean and Your Basic Live. Songs like Shirts Off and Isabelle showcase Krantz's uncanny technique of pull-offs and tapping.
 Cutting Room Floor is a compilation album by British progressive rock band Kino consisting of live recordings demos and a previously unreleased cover song. It was released to coincide with their tour of Europe in December 2005.
 Dawn is an album by the English group Current 93. It is among the earlier releases of Current 93 and has a more industrial sound compared to the band's current apocalyptic folk sound. Originally released in 1987 as an LP on the Maldoror label it was reissued in 1989 on CD by Durtro. This reissue mistakenly contained an alternate version of Great Black Time. In 2002 the album was again reissued on CD containing both the alternate and the original LP version of Great Black Time.
 The Song Is June! is a 1958 album by June Christy recorded with Pete Rugolo’s Orchestra. It was re-issued in 1997 as a double-CD together with Off-Beat.
 Chrome Reflection is an album released in 2000 by Bird a one-off band consisting of Jason Collett Andrew Cash and Hawksley Workman. The album also featured contributions from Lenni Jabour Josh Finlayson Gavin Brown Kevin Fox Derrick Brady Peter Kesper and Mark Kesper.Several of the songs also appeared in different versions on Collett's subsequent album Motor Motel Love Songs.
 Labyrinth is the sixth studio album released by the multi-genre electronica group Juno Reactor. It was released on October 26 2004 (2004-10-26) in the United States and on September 29 2004 (2004-09-29) in Japan.
 A Taste of Honey is the debut album by the American rhythm and blues group A Taste of Honey. It was produced by Fonce Mizell & Larry Mizell for Sky High Productions and included the number one pop soul and dance classic Boogie Oogie Oogie.
 Workin' & Wailin' is the third album led by pianist Harold Mabern which was recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label.
 Poison is an EP released by German trance group Groove Coverage. The name was taken from their single of the same name.
 Melissa's Garage Revisited is an LP/CD released by Memphis garage-rock band the Oblivians. The album features Austin-based harmonicist Walter Daniels and Memphis-based vocalist Jeffrey Evans. The album was originally released as an EP in 1995 by Texas record label Undone. When released as an EP the album was titled Walter Daniels Plays With Monsieur Jeffrey Evans & The Oblivians At Melissa's Garage.
 Cypher is the fourth album by industrial black metal band ...And Oceans. The original name of the album was set to be Insect Angels and Devil Worms but was changed.
 Exodus released in October 2002 is the first full-length album produced by British DJ Andy Hunter°. The music is a sweeping mix of sophisticated techno and electronic dance music.
 Family Time is an album by Jamaican musician Ziggy Marley released in 2009 through the record label Tuff Gong. In 2010 the album earned Marley the Grammy Award for Best Musical Album for Children.
 Shushan the Palace: Hymns of Earth is a 2003 album by Jane Siberry.It is her third Christmas-themed album following 1994's Count Your Blessings a live concert she performed with Holly Cole Rebecca Jenkins Mary Margaret O'Hara and Victoria Williams and 1997's Child: Music for the Christmas Season.On Shushan the Palace Siberry interprets several Christmas liturgical hymns by classical composers.
 Daryle Singletary is the self-titled debut album of American country music singer Daryle Singletary. It was released in 1995 (see 1995 in country music) via Giant Records Nashville. The album includes four singles: I'm Living Up to Her Low Expectations I Let Her Lie Too Much Fun and Workin' It Out all of which charted on the Billboard country singles charts between 1995 and 1996.
 Trojans is an extended play (EP) by Australian alternative rock band Atlas Genius. It was released as a 10 vinyl exclusively available in the United Kingdom on 25 February 2013. The vinyl is limited to 300 copies.
 Di Di Di is the second studio album from Chinese all-female band Hang on the Box.
 Love is an album from DramaGods a project led by guitarist Nuno Bettencourt. Bettencourt is most remembered for being the guitarist in the band Extreme.The album was originally released by JVC Victor in Japan and is the first released by the band under the name DramaGods. The band was previously known as Population 1 but changed the name due to legal issues.The song 'Interface' was later re-recorded for Extreme's album Saudades de Rock.
 Journey Into My Mind is a free jazz album by Terumasa Hino. It was released in 1974 under Sony Records as SRCS 9330.
 Storm is a 2003 album released by Israeli psychedelic trance DJ duo Skazi.
 Glen Campbell Plays 12 String Guitar contains instrumental songs only the majority of which were taken from The Swinging 12 String originally released by The In Group featuring Glen Campbell on twelve string guitar and Leon Russell on harpsichord.
 Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs the soundtrack to the 1937 Walt Disney film was the 1st commercially issued film soundtrack. It was released in January 1938 as Songs from Walt Disney's Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (with the Same Characters and Sound Effects as in the Film of That Title) and has since seen numerous expansions and reissues.
 Transistor Blast: The Best of the BBC Sessions is a boxed set by XTC released in 1998 just two months prior to Apple Venus Volume 1.Tracks on the first two discs are culled from various BBC radio sessions the group performed on over the years notably for John Peel and David Jensen. Discs three and four are live recordings the latter of which was previously released as BBC Radio 1 Live in Concert.Opening Speech from the first disc is Andy Partridge imitating John Peel.
 The Firstborn Is Dead is the second studio album released by the post-punk band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. It was first released in 1985. On this record singer Nick Cave continued his fascination with the American South with its references to Elvis Presley and bluesmen like Blind Lemon Jefferson.
 Not So Tough Now is an album released in July 1996 by Frenzal Rhomb the follow-up to their first album Coughing up a Storm. This was the last album with Ben Costello on guitar who was replaced by Lindsay McDougall not long after the its release. The secret track at the end of the album is said to be a song about his departure.
 Puritanical Euphoric Misanthropia is the fifth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Dimmu Borgir. It was released by Nuclear Blast Records in 2001.This is also the first album to feature Nicholas Barker Galder and ICS Vortex as full-time members and the first time the band used real orchestral instrumentation in place of the keyboard lines.
 Christmas EP is an album by Seven Nations. 2000 Miles Carol of the Bells Away in a Manger Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen The Rebel Jesus Hark the Harold Angels Sing
 Live from Radio City Music Hall is a double album by the group Heaven & Hell which was released in 2007. The set is a chronicle of the group's performance on March 30 2007 at Radio City Music Hall in New York City. Live from Radio City Music Hall is also available as a DVD. The DVD was certified Gold by the RIAA on October 5 2007 selling 100000 units. It was released on Blu-ray Disc in 2011.
 Head over Heels is the ninth album by the country rock band Poco and their first on ABC Records. Schmit's Keep On Tryin' shows off the band's skills in harmonizing and became a cut that the band played in concert for many years. It also contains Rusty Young performing his first lead vocal on a Poco album on the track Us and a recording of the rare Steely Dan song Dallas.
 Love is the fourth studio album by San Francisco-based punk rock band Flipper. The album was released over 16 years after their last studio album American Grafishy which was released in 1993.
 She Works Hard for the Money is the eleventh studio album by Donna Summer released in 1983. It was her most successful album of the decade and its title track became one of the biggest hits of her career.
 Die Maske des Roten Todes (German „The Masque of the Red Death“) is the third album by German punk band Feeling B. It was released in 1993. It is named after a Short Story of Edgar Allan Poe
 Broken Bones and Bloody Kisses is the debut EP from the emo/post-hardcore band Boys Night Out. It is notable for its morbid and macabre lyrics and themes.
 Sorrow is the debut EP by the Norwegian doom metal band The 3rd and the Mortal
 Extended Play: Live at Birdland is a live jazz album recorded at the famous New York city jazz club Birdland in 2001 by the Dave Holland Quintet. It was later released in 2003.
 Eastern Philosophy is the first official album by rapper Apathy. After years of deals in limbo Apathy was finally able to release his debut album on Babygrande Records. The song The Winter was released as a single.
 The Predator is the third studio album by Ice Cube. Released within months of the 1992 Los Angeles riots many songs comment on the racial tensions. The title is in part reference to the movie Predator 2 and the album itself includes samples from the film.
 There and Back Again is the first studio album and second album overall by Phil Lesh and Friends. It was released by Columbia Records in 2002.
 Kickback is a collection of rare and unreleased material from the funk group The Meters.
 This cassette is a very rare release by Bryn Jones under the alias E.g Oblique Graph. Two versions of the tape are believed to exist with the following tracklistings and track timings. All of the songs were later released on the 2X12 version of Completely Oblique. Extreme Faction (Re-Mix) was the only track left off the 2XCD set of Completely Oblique.This was released on the label Kinematograph Tapes with catalogue number KT001.
 Pacific Fire is an archival studio album by George Benson on CTI Records. This album consists of unreleased tracks recorded during the Good King Bad sessions. However unlike Benson's other CTI recordings this album remains out of print due to the fact that Sony Music Entertainment does not own the rights to this album. It is also credited as the final release for CTI before the label temporary folded until the 1990s.
 Skittish is a Mike Doughty album recorded with indie rock producer Kramer (Low Galaxie 500 Bongwater B.A.L.L. Daniel Johnston) in one day July 5 1996 and mixed on July 6.
 Loud Like Nature is the fifth and final album by UK electronica group Add N to (X) released in 2002 through Mute Records.
 1st Imaginary Symphony For Nomad was an album released by The Music Tapes a project consisting mainly of Neutral Milk Hotel's Julian Koster in 1999 by Merge Records. It was recorded mainly on vintage equipment using equipment such as a 1895 Edison wax cylinder recorder a 1940's wire recorder a state of the art hard drive and reel to reel tape recorders hence its lo-fi sound.
 Sherry and 11 Others is an LP album by The Four Seasons released by Vee-Jay Records under catalog number LP-1053 as a monophonic recording in 1962 and later in stereo under catalog number SR-1053 the same year.
 Vermin in Ermine is the début solo studio album by the British singer/songwriter Marc Almond. It was released in 1984 and reached number thirty-six on the UK Albums Chart.
 Feedback is the fifth album by the rock & roll band Spirit. Released in 1972 it was the first Spirit album without original members Jay Ferguson and Mark Andes and it was also the only Spirit album that did not feature Randy California performing on it as California had left the group to pursue a solo career. Feedback reached the same chart position on the U.S. Billboard album charts as its predecessor Twelve Dreams of Dr. Sardonicus.
 Home is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Sevendust released on August 24 1999 through TvT Records. The album appeared on the Billboard 200 remained there for fourteen weeks and peaked at 19 on September 11 1999. Home was certified gold on May 18 2000 through the Recording Industry Association of America. The album features thirteen tracks on the United States release and sixteen tracks on the Japan release with two tracks featuring artists outside of Sevendust.
 The Harrow & The Harvest is a 2011 album released by American musician Gillian Welch. It was Welch's first album in eight years and was released on June 28 2011.
 Let's Not Forget the Story is the debut album of Colorado Worship band Foolish Things.
 All Of Me is a studio album by American jazz singer and guitarist John Pizzarelli backed by a string orchestra that includes only one member of his normal trio brother Martin Pizzarelli. Also on the album is his father the legendary Bucky Pizzarelli.
 Burrn! Presents: The Best of Saxon is a Japanese compilation album by heavy metal band Saxon released in 2000.
 Some Bizzare Album was the first album by Some Bizzare Records. It was released in 1981 as a sampler of the label's musical ethos. The acts were not actually signed exclusively to the label at the time.
 Fefe Dobson is the debut album of Canadian singer-songwriter Fefe Dobson. It was released on December 9 2003. The album was co-written by Dobson with producers Jay Levine and James Bryan McCollum. The album consists mainly of pop rock and punk music and deals mainly with the topics of love and heartbreak.
 The Privilege of Power is the seventh studio album by the American heavy metal band Riot released in 1990. It was more experimental than their previous work being an attempt at a concept album and also including a horn section on some of the tracks. Racing with the Devil on a Spanish Highway is a cover of an Al Di Meola instrumental track from the album Elegant Gypsy (1977). Killer is about convicted killer Jeffrey R.
 On Moonlight Bay is a Doris Day album (released July 2 1951) featuring songs from the movie of the same name. It was issued by Columbia Records as a 10 LP album catalog number CL-6186.The album was combined with Day's 1953 album By the Light of the Silvery Moon on a compact disc issued on January 30 2001 by Collectables Records. Gordon McRae is not featured on the album as he was a property of Capitol records and wasn't allowed to sing on this Columbia recording.
 The Best Fat Collection is a 2013 greatest hits album by TOTALFAT. It was released on December 11 2013.
 2nd Street is a 1976 album by Back Street Crawler and was released on the Atco Records label.
 Order of the Black is the eighth studio album by the heavy metal band Black Label Society. It was released in North America on August 10 2010 through E1 Music. In New Zealand and Australia it was released by Riot Entertainment (with special cover art) and in Europe through Roadrunner Records.The first single Parade of the Dead was released on June 16. The second single of the album entitled Crazy Horse was released June 22.
 The Pregnant Concert is a live recording of a recital by American cello rock band Rasputina held at the Knitting Factory in Williamsburg Brooklyn on September 13 2009 (although the album cover claims it to have been 1909). It contains songs from previous Rasputina albums as well as covers from a variety of other musicians and both Holocaust of Giants and Kinderhook Hoopskirt Works from their upcoming album Sister Kinderhook.
 Farewell Fondle 'Em is a compilation album that marked the ending of Fondle 'Em Records. The founder and owner of Fondle 'Em Records Robert Bobbito Garcia decided to shut down the label nearing 2001. However as a final gift he compiled Fondle 'Em's greatest works and released them through Definitive Jux because he felt the Def Jux label was doing a good job of carrying on independent hip hop.
 Thug Lordz Trilogy is the second collaboration album by American rappers C-Bo Yukmouth and Spice 1 (together known as the supergroup Thug Lordz). It was released January 1 2006 on Urbanlife and High Powered Entertainment.
 GP is American singer-songwriter Gram Parsons' debut solo album. It was originally released in a gatefold sleeve in 1973. GP received critical acclaim upon release but failed to reach the Billboard charts. In the original Rolling Stone review which individually covered both GP and its follow-up Grievous Angel the reviewer praises Gram's vocals and delivery paraphrasing Gram's lyrics boy but he sure can sing.
 Machine Cuisine is an EP by Six Finger Satellite released on August 23 1994 through Sub Pop.
 This article describes the second album in the UK Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 2 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow That's What I Call Music II or Now 2 was released in 1984. The album is the second edition of the (UK) Now! series. It was only released on vinyl & audio cassette.
 ¡Caramba! is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label in 1968. It features performances by Morgan Bennie Maupin Cedar Walton Reggie Workman and Billy Higgins with arrangements by Cal Massey.
 New and Groovy is the eighth album led by American jazz vibraphonist Johnny Lytle which was recorded in 1966 for the Tuba label.
 Tales from the City is the second studio album by Canadian alternative rock band Mobile. It was released on October 7 2008 in Canada. The debut single from the album The Killer was released on July 1 2008.The album was written and recorded in late 2007 and early 2008. The album's sound has some differences than Tomorrow Starts Today Mobile's debut album. The songs in this album mesh together better than the previous album for one.
 1990 is the eleventh album by American singer-songwriter Daniel Johnston. It was released in January 1990 through record label Shimmy Disc.
 First Blood... Last Cuts is the first compilation album by the American heavy metal band W.A.S.P.. It was released in 1994 and it was the first time the song Animal (Fuck Like a Beast) previously only released on a single was released on an album. The album also included two new tracks Sunset and Babylon and Rock and Roll to Death. Rock and Roll to Death was later released on Still Not Black Enough with Sunset and Babylon remaining exclusive to this CD. L.O.V.E.
 Blow by Blow is the seventh album by British guitarist Jeff Beck released on Epic Records in 1975 and recorded in October 1974. It was the first under his name alone. An instrumental album it peaked at No. 4 on the Billboard 200 and has been certified platinum by the RIAA.
 Elvis' Gold Records Volume 4 is the thirty-first album by Elvis Presley issued by RCA Victor in mono and stereo LPM/LSP 3921 in January 1968 with recording sessions taking place over an eight-year span at RCA Studio B in Nashville Tennessee and at RCA Studios and Radio Recorders in Hollywood. It is a compilation of hit singles released between 1961 and 1967 peaking at number 33 on the Billboard 200. It was certified Gold on March 27 1992 by the Recording Industry Association of America.
 Strange Negotiations is David Bazan's second full length studio album. It was released on May 24 2011. The recording of the album began in early November 2010 and was funded by allowing fans to purchase a pre-order of the album along with an exclusive T-shirt priced to allow sufficient money for Bazan to take time off of touring. This is the first time David Bazan has released a studio album prominently featuring musicians other than himself since Pedro the Lion's Achilles Heel.
 Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Irving Berlin Songbook is a 1958 studio album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald with a studio orchestra conducted and arranged by Paul Weston focusing on the songs of Irving Berlin.
 Paley & Francis is a studio album by Paley & Francis (Reid Paley and Black Francis) recorded in Nashville in September 2010 and released in the UK & Europe on October 10 2011 on Cooking Vinyl and in North America on October 11 2011 on Sonic Unyon.The album was produced by Jon Tiven and features Reid Paley and Black Francis on guitars and vocals accompanied by Muscle Shoals legends Spooner Oldham on piano and David Hood on bass.Paley & Francis debuted live in early September 2011 with club performances in Albany NY Buffalo NY and Hamilton Ontario (unannounced) and as one of the headliners of Hamilton Ontario's Supercrawl Festival. 
 Happy Just to Be Like I Am is the fourth studio album by American blues artist Taj Mahal.
 Book of Dreams is the tenth album by American rock band The Steve Miller Band. The album was released in 1977 (see 1977 in music) on the Capitol label in North America and on the Mercury label in Europe. Three singles were released from the album in 1977 with the first single Jet Airliner being the most successful.The album peaked in the top 10 of the trade charts in four countries including Canada where the album topped RPM magazine's 100 Albums chart.
 Black Is Black is the debut album by Spanish beat music group Los Bravos. The album features its title track an international hit. The album was originally released in 1966 but track listing differs in UK and US.CD of US version was reissued in 2000.CD of UK version was reissued in 2003 with 13 bonus tracks.
 Write Your Own History is a compilation of B-sides and unreleased material by the Sunderland band Field Music. From the (entirely typographical) album cover & liner notes:...Field Music's debut album was recorded and mixed before we'd even decided upon a name though the three core members have played together in one form or another for over ten years.
 Diante do Trono is the first album in the live praise and worship series of contemporary worship music by Diante do Trono.
 Themata is the debut full-length album by the Australian progressive rock band Karnivool. The album was released independently on 7 February 2005 and was distributed via MGM Distribution. The album was released in the United States on 10 April 2007 via Bieler Bros. Records and in the UK on 7 May 2008 on the Happy Go Lucky label.The album was well received in Australia with Kerrang! Magazine describing it as a ten-track journey of soaring melody.
 Dried Blood is an EP recorded by the German industrial act :wumpscut:.
 Sally Can't Dance is the fourth solo album by Lou Reed. It is Reed's highest-charting album reaching the Top 10 in the United States.
 Flying Colours is the third album by Australian hip hop group Bliss n Eso. It was released by Illusive Sounds on 26 April 2008.The album was recorded in three different continents over twelve months and features Illmaculate (World freestyle and Scribble Jam champion) a 20 piece African Zulu Choir (The Zulu Connections Choir) Debaser (US) Hyjak and Phrase.
 The Seven Wonders of the World is a studio album by progressive rock artist and keyboardist Rick Wakeman released in 1995. The album explores instrumentally the themes of each of the Seven Ancient Wonders of the World. Each track is introduced by Garfield Morgan giving a short biography of each wonder before the instrumental track begins. The album is free of any bombastic attack and each track has a refined tempo and instrumental progression that outlines each wonder's attributes.
 Dance Metal is an EP by Widow Sunday released in June 2012 through Rat Pak Records. Dance Metal was produced and engineered by Shane Frisby (Bury Your Dead Cannae The Ghost Inside) at the Brick Hithouse in Hyannis MA and mixed and mastered by Peter Rutcho (Revocation The Year of Our Lord Ravage) at Damage Studios in Southbridge MA.
 Times Like These is the fourth studio album by American country music singer Buddy Jewell. The album was released on April 26 2005 by Columbia Records. Two singles were released from the project If She Were Any Other Woman and So Gone. While the former peaked in the Top 30 of Billboard's Hot Country Songs chart the latter failed to chart entirely.Sales of Times Like These failed to meet those of Jewell's debut and he was dropped by Columbia in September 2005.
 The Bungled & the Botched is the tenth full-length studio album by drone doom band Nadja released in July 2008 on ConSouling Sounds and limited to 500 copies.The second track Absorbed in You is a re-recording of the song of the same name from Nadja's collaboration Absorption with Methadrone from 2005. The limited pre-order edition of the album also came with a CD-R containing the demo version of The Bungled & the Botched and the original version of Absorbed in You.
 Mount Righteous is the second full-length album by Grapevine Texas based band Mount Righteous released on their label Righteous Records on April 3 2010. It was produced by John Congleton of The Paper Chase. Pegasus News states that Each track is edgy and complex which is something the band set out to accomplish from the outset. It is fair to say they have accomplished their goal.
 Drive is the product of The Crystal Method's teaming up with Nike. It is part of a series of mixes intended to assist joggers on their workout routines known as Original Run. The album is a nearly 45 minute continuous mix of ten tracks some new some remixes and edits of songs off of the London soundtrack and Community Service II. It was released on the iTunes Store on June 28 2006 as one long track.On June 26 2007 the album received a physical release on CD exclusive to Best Buy stores.
 History of a Time to Come is the debut full-length album by the British thrash metal band Sabbat.
 Parallax is the third studio album from Bradford Cox's solo project Atlas Sound released November 7 2011 on 4AD. The album debuted at #97 on the Billboard 200 and has received mostly positive reviews.
 More more more of Nora Aunor is the second studio album by Filipino singer-actress Nora Aunor released in 1968 by Alpha Records Corporation in the Philippines in LP format and later released in 1999 in a compilation/ cd format. The album contains some of the original Filipino compositions by Robert Medina Rober Dominic and Danny Subido among others except for the three songs including It's Not Unusual originally sung by Tom Jones in 1965 composed by Gordon Mills and Les Reed.
 Lollipops and Roses is the debut studio pop album by singer and actor Paul Petersen released in 1962 on Colpix Records and included 12 songs. The album was available in both mono and stereo catalogue numbers CP-429 and SCP-429. Lollipops and Roses was produced and arranged by Stu Phillips and was recorded at United Western Recorders in Hollywood California.
 Try for the Sun: The Journey of Donovan is the second CD boxed set from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan. It was released on September 13 2005 (Epic/Legacy E2K 46986).
 Segundo Romance (Second Romance) is the 13th studio album released by Mexican singer Luis Miguel on August 30 1994 by Warner Music Group. The album was produced by Miguel himself and co-produced by Armando Manzanero Juan Carlos Calderón and Kiko Cibrian. Segundo Romance became one of the biggest-selling album by Miguel in the United States and Latin America earning album certifications in several countries.
 Sign is the seventh album by Clock DVA released on August 3 1993 through Contempo Records.
 The Eagle and Child is the album by the American synthpop band Red Flag. It was released in 1999 by their own label Plan B Records.
 Teargarden redirects here. For the band see The Tear Garden.Teargarden by Kaleidyscope is a project album by the alternative rock band the Smashing Pumpkins.
 The Crock of Gold was the second full length album by Shane MacGowan and the Popes and was released in November 1997 on ZTT Records. The Crock of Gold followed The Snake MacGowan's first solo album after the breakup of The Pogues and was less critically acclaimed than its predecessor. The album is named for the novel by Irish writer James Stephens. To date it is the last full studio album MacGowan has recorded.
 Bodies And Souls was released in September 1983 by The Manhattan Transfer on the Atlantic records label. This album took the Manhattan Transfer in a different direction from their previous releases offering a new revised style of their music. There were several collaborations on this album including Stevie Wonder Rod Temperton and Jeremy Lubbock.
 Live in London is a digital EP by English electronic music duo Goldfrapp. It was released on 13 February 2006 by Mute Records.
 En Total Plenitud (Eng.: In Total Fullness) is the ninth studio album released by Marco Antonio Solís on October 12 2010. This album became the tenth number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums for Solís the most for any artist on the chart. A Dónde Vamos a Parar was featured in the novela Teresa starring Angelique Boyer Sebastian Rulli Ana Brenda Contreras and Aaron Diaz.
 John Peel And Sheila: The Pig's Big 78s: A Beginner's Guide is a compilation consisting of music originally published on 78 rpm shellac records. British radio DJ John Peel and his wife Sheila Ravenscroft began compiling the record in 2004 with Sheila completing the project following Peel's death.
 Let Me Be Good to You is a 1979 album by American R&B singer Lou Rawls released on the Philadelphia International Records label. Production credits are split between Gamble & Huff Thom Bell Dexter Wansel and Jack Faith. Although full performance credits are not given on the album it is known that new PIR signings The Jones Girls contributed to backing vocals. The album's lead single Let Me Be Good to You made #11 on the R&B chart while the album itself peaked at #13 R&B and #49 pop.
 The Invisible Line is the debut album by UK band Temposhark.
 Breathless is the second solo studio album by British pop singer and winner of The X Factor Shayne Ward. Record label Syco Music released it in the United Kingdom on 26 November 2007. The album is mostly written by Rami Yacoub Arnthor Birgisson and Savan Kotecha. The album was commercially successful debuting at number two on the UK Albums Chart.
 On Broadway Volume 1 is the second album by Paul Motian to be released on the German JMT label. It was released in 1989 and features performances of Broadway show tunes by Motian with Bill Frisell and Joe Lovano. The album was followed by three subsequent volumes and rereleased on the Winter & Winter label in 2003.
 Heartaches is a compilation album released in 1985 containing some of the hit singles by country music singer Patsy Cline. It was released on MCA Records. Heartaches is a 10-track collection that includes some of Patsy Cline's biggest hits such as Crazy I Fall to Pieces and Walkin' After Midnight. The album overlooks most of Cline's essential songs.Upon its release a cassette version was also issued but only contained the first eight tracks.
 Soup is an EP recorded by Canadian rock band Heavy Jack at Turtle Studios in White Rock BC. Soup was recorded live in one session in 2006. The album artwork was designed by Duke Floss.
 23 is the seventh studio album by Blonde Redhead. Released on April 10 2007 (2007-04-10) it debuted on the U.S. Billboard 200 at number 63 selling roughly 11000 copies in its first week.
 Too Late to Worry Too Blue to Cry is the second album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1963 by Capitol Records.
 Angel with a Lariat is the second album by k.d. lang and the Reclines released in 1987. This was the first release outside of Canada. Angel with a Lariat is a country recording influenced by rock and rockabilly and possibly even new wave[citation needed]. The album was recorded in London England in 1986 though k.d. was based in Vancouver Canada at the time.[citation needed]
 A Very Rosie Christmas is the fifth album by American singer-songwriter Rosie Thomas released in 2008. It is her first holiday album and features vocals from her friends and family members. The album mixes original songs with cover versions.Thomas said of the album: I've always loved to work on Christmas songs; Growing up every Christmas Eve we entertained the family that came over 'cause my parents were musicians.
 London Boy is a mixtape by English rapper Chip hosted by DJ Drama. It was released on 25 December 2012 as the first release under his new record label Grand Hustle via Chip's official website.
 Apollo: Atmospheres and Soundtracks is an album by the British ambient musician Brian Eno released in 1983. It was written produced and performed by Brian Eno his brother Roger and Daniel Lanois. Music from the album appeared in the films 28 Days Later Traffic and Trainspotting whose soundtrack sold approximately four million copies. Two of the songs from the album Silver Morning and Deep Blue Day were issued as a 7 single on EG Records.
 Double Play! is a 1957 jazz album featuring pianists Russ Freeman and André Previn. It was recorded and released in 1957 on Contemporary Records and re-released and remastered in 1993 on Original Jazz Classics.Together with drummer Shelly Manne the album includes eight baseball-themed original compositions by Freeman and Previn along with the standard Take Me Out to the Ball Game.
 What It Takes is an EP by Canadian rapper Choclair released independently in 1997 on Knee Deep Records. It spawned the 12 single What It Takes Remix and a music video of the title track was released in 1996. The EP won the award for Best Rap Recording at the 1997 Juno Awards.
 Long Forgotten Songs: B-Sides & Covers (2000–2013) is a compilation album by punk rock band Rise Against. It is composed of B-side tracks covers and rarities. The songs range from 2000 to 2012. It was released on September 10 2013.
 Vermont Youth Orchestra with Trey Anastasio and Ernie Stires is a live concert video featuring a performance by the Vermont Youth Orchestra led by conductor Troy Peters along with Phish leader Trey Anastasio and his mentor Ernie Stires. Anastasio studied composition and arranging under Stires while he was a student at Goddard College in Vermont.
 Om Namah Shivay is the tenth (eighth solo) album by Nina Hagen released in 1999.
 The Beatles Box Set is the first complete set of original Beatles material released by EMI and Capitol (catalogue number BBX2-91302) in Compact Disc format. Released in 1988 for the first time a music fan could purchase the entire Beatles catalogue digitally formatted in a single set. The box set available on CD vinyl or cassette included all of the original UK releases.
 Darker Circles is a 2010 album by Canadian alt-country group The Sadies. It was released on April 27 2010 on Yep Roc Records.The album was a shortlisted nominee for the 2010 Polaris Music Prize.Darker Circles won the top prize in Exclaim! Magazine's 2010 Folk & Country Year in Review. The album was praised for its richly detailed storytelling staying on top of the Sadies' progress over the past decade has been a wild ride.
 Shaggy & Friends is the ninth studio album released by Jamaican dancehall artist Shaggy released exclusively via digital download on January 19 2011. It is Shaggy's first album ever not to be issued physically. The album is first studio album in four years following 2007's Intoxication. The album was entirely produced by Shaggy. The album featured collaborations with Shaggy's long-time collaborators Rayvon and RikRok.
 Riddim Driven: Chiney Gal & Blazing is the first album of the Riddim Driven series. It was released by VP Records in January 2001 on CD and LP. The first seven tracks are by various artists recorded over Cecile Charlton's Chiney Gal riddim while the last ten are over Norman “Bul Pus” Bryan's Blazing riddim. Previously VP Records released riddim albums that were impossible to distinguish from standard compilation albums so buyers were often confused.
 Dig That Crazy Christmas is an album by The Brian Setzer Orchestra. Released in 2005 on Surfdog Records it's a collection of holiday songs performed in big band swing style. Although most of the songs have been previously recorded by other artists it includes two originals written by Setzer. This album follows up his 2002 Christmas release Boogie Woogie Christmas.
 Call The Time Eternity is the third album from the band Tweaker.
 Wayning Moments is the third album by saxophonist Wayne Shorter and the final album for Vee-Jay Records showcasing Wayne playing bop and hard bop with Freddie Hubbard Eddie Higgins Jymie Merritt and Marshall Thompson. CD reissues added alternate takes of the eight tracks that appeared on the original album.
 The Look is the seventh album by American R&B group Shalamar released in 1983 on the SOLAR label. It is the last Shalamar album to feature the line-up of Jeffrey Daniel Howard Hewett and Jody Watley as both Daniel and Watley would leave the group shortly after its release.The Look peaked at No. 13 on the R&B chart and No. 79 on the Billboard pop chart. Like Shalamar's previous album Friends it was more successful in the United Kingdom where it reached No. 7.
 Even in the Midst... is the fourth album from the American instrumental math rock band Ahleuchatistas. Released in 2007 it is their last album to feature the drummer Sean Dail.
 Whatever You Want is the twelfth studio 1979 rock album by the British band Status Quo. It features 10 tracks including the title track.This was the bands 3rd album to be produced by Pip Williams. Recording for this album started in December 1978 at Hilversum Studios in the Netherlands with the final mixes being completed in London in March 1979. The album was released on 12 October 1979 and entered the chart on 20 October 1979 reaching as high as No.4.
 Extreme Conditions Demand Extreme Responses is the debut full length album by grindcore band Brutal Truth. It was released on October 6 1992 on Earache Records. Music videos were made for Collateral Damage (which once held the Guinness World Record for the shortest music video) and Ill Neglect.In March 2009 Terrorizer named the album the number one American grindcore release.
 Devil Dub is the 1999 debut album by San Francisco Bay Area band Ben Wa consisting of Anthony Butthouse Chaba and Eric Dr. Ware Ware (formerly in Limbomaniacs Big Janitor and MCM & the Monster).After forming in 1997 contributing to several compilations and releasing an EP in 1998 Devil Dub was the first full length release by the duo.
 Bass-ment Cuts is a 1991 EP by the Inner City Posse.
 Word of Mouth is a 1999 folk music album by Vin Garbutt.
 Before Gardens After Gardens is the third album by Big Sir. The album features contributions by The Mars Volta’s Cedric Bixler-Zavala and Deantoni Parks Rx Bandits’ Matt Embree and Steve Choi bassist Jonathan Hischke and Beastie Boys producer Money Mark.
 Spin the Music is the ninth studio album by the Japanese singer Crystal Kay.
 Coming of Age is the debut album by rapper Memphis Bleek. Bleek made his debut as a recording artist on a Jay-Z song by that same name.The album spawned hit singles likeMurda 4 Life and Memphis Bleek Is... and What You Think of That. As of January 2001 the album has been certified Gold by the RIAA for shipment of over 500000 units.
 Eyes of Innocence is the 8th studio album released by the Miami Sound Machine and their first English language studio album released in 1984 (see 1984 in music).
 Greatest Hits: Songs from an Aging Sex Bomb is a compilation album by American country music artist K. T. Oslin. It was released by RCA Nashville in 1993. A New Way Home a re-recording of a track from her Love in a Small Town album was the only single released from the project. The album reached #31 on the Top Country Albums chart.
 Dee Gee Days: The Savoy Sessions is a compilation album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie featuring performances recorded in 1951 and 1952 and originally released on Gillepie's own Dee Gee label. Many of the tracks were first released as 78 rpm records but were later released on albums including School Days (Regent) and The Champ (Savoy).
 The Thom Bell Sessions is an EP recorded by Elton John in the second half of 1977 but was not released by MCA Records until June 1979. The project was a departure for John at the time. Up until that time he had worked almost exclusively with lyricist Bernie Taupin and record producer Gus Dudgeon. Also John's band was not used at these sessions.
 Back to Front is the 1982 album released by Caravan.
 Delta 88 redirects here. For the automobile see Oldsmobile 88.Los Angeles is the debut album of the American punk rock band X released on April 26 1980. Produced by ex-Doors keyboard player Ray Manzarek it includes a cover of the 1967 Doors song Soul Kitchen. It made it on at number 16 for the year in The Village Voice Pazz & Jop Critics Poll.
 The Ultimate Collection is a 3-CD box set released in the Netherlands by pop group ABC on 17 May 2004.
 Ante Gia (Greek: Άντε Γειά; English: Goodbye) is an EP maxi single by Greek singer Despina Vandi released on December 19 2002 by Heaven Music. The entire EP was written and produced by Phoebus in promotion of the reissue of Vandi's 5× Platinum album Gia which was reissued as Gia + Ante Gia and as a box set as Gia + Ante Gia: Collector's Edition.
 To the Races is the second solo album by Eric Bachmann also of the bands Crooked Fingers and Archers of Loaf. It was released August 22 2006.This album is the 95th release of Saddle Creek Records.
 Everything Is was the first recording mass-released by Neutral Milk Hotel which at this point was largely still an outlet for the songwriting of Jeff Mangum instead of a fully formed band. The recording was originally the second release on the fledgling Seattle label Cher Doll Records in 1994. The label in the form of a 7 with Everything Is as the A side and Snow Song Pt. 1 as the B side.
 Album – Generic Flipper is the debut album by the San Francisco band Flipper. In November 2007 Blender magazine ranked it #86 on their list of the 100 greatest indie rock albums of all time. It is also referred to as Album Album: Generic Generic Flipper and just Generic.
 Here on Earth is the second and last full length album by Adequate Seven. It contains 13 tracks including a re-recorded version of Gotta Stay Focused. It was named by music-news.com as one of the 10 albums that define the 21st century.
 El Oso (a literal translation of the Spanish for 'The Bear') released in 1998 (see 1998 in music) is the third and final album by the New York City band Soul Coughing. The disc is marked by a deep drum and bass influence.
 December Poems is an album by American jazz bassist Gary Peacock with Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek added on two selections recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label in 1979.
 Tendance is an expanded re-release of French singer Amanda Lear's 2001 album Heart issued by Sony Music Germany in 2003 taking its title from a French TV-series hosted by Lear at the time.
 Ghost Town is the sixth full length album by Chicago musician Mike Kinsella under the moniker Owen. It was released on November 8 2011 to mostly positive reviews.
 Genesis was the 2nd studio album by hard rock band Talisman and was originally released 7 July 1993 on Dino Records.This Deluxe Edition includes new booklet and digipac packaging previously unreleased pics and audio material. Drums and guitars recorded in the summer 2012 on four old demo tracks from 1990. The bonus tracks was recorded and mixed by Pontus Norgren(Hammerfall). Marcel's amazing bass playing and Jeff Scott Soto's vocals are left from the original demo recordings.
 Distillation is the second album by musician Erin McKeown. It was released via Signature Sounds in 2000.
 In order to promote Loveppears Ayu-mi-x II Version Acoustic Orchestra was one of the four Ayu-mi-x II remix albums. This was released on March 8 2000.
 XXV is the fifteenth album released by British pop group The Shadows. It was released in 1983 on Polydor Records. It includes instrumental cover versions of songs by Toto Mark Knopfler Joe Cocker & Jennifer Warnes Dusty Springfield Jet Harris & Tony Meehan Elaine Paige & Procol Harum.
 Make Up in Love is the eighth studio album by American country music artist Doug Stone. Released in 1999 as his only album for Atlantic Records it features the singles Make up in Love” a cover of R.B. Greaves' Take a Letter Maria and “Surprise. The title track was the only one of these to chart in the Top 40 on the Billboard country charts. The track The Difference Between a Woman and a Man was later recorded by Josh Turner on his 2003 debut album Long Black Train.
 MuchDance is a series of pop/dance albums featuring various artists compiled mixed and released by the Canadian television station MuchMusic beginning in 1997.
 Cloudy Cloud Calculator is a 1997 album by Takako Minekawa. It was released by Emperor Norton Records in the United States. It is Minekawa's fourth album. Cloudy Cloud Calculator was described as one of Minekawa's finest and most unusual moments highly inventive restrained pop and wonderfully cute all-synthesizer musings. Minekawa played almost every instrument on the album and produced arranged wrote and sang all its songs.
 The Loneliest Punk is Fatlip's debut solo album. The album was recorded on Delicious Vinyl records. The name is a play on Thelonious Monk the famous jazz pianist.Production of the album was handled by acclaimed hip hop producer J-Swift (who was responsible for The Pharcyde's debut album Bizarre Ride II the Pharcyde) and producer Squeak E. Clean among others.
 Bear Witness is the first and only studio album by Australian band I'm Talking although in 1988 they released a remix album titled Dancing. The album was released in August 1986 by Mushroom Records and peaked at No. 14 on the Australian Album Charts. The album yielded three singles Do You Wanna Be? (released in May 1986 and reaching No. 9 on the Australian Singles Chart) Holy Word (released in August 1986 and reaching No.
 Go For It is the third album by Stiff Little Fingers released in 1981 (see 1981 in music).
 Sometimes Late at Night is the third and last solo album by songwriter Carole Bayer Sager released in 1981. Singles from the album were Stronger Than Before (later recorded by Dionne Warwick and Chaka Khan) and Easy To Love Again.The producer and composer was Burt Bacharach.
 Fifth Dimension is the third album by the American folk rock band The Byrds and was released in July 1966 on Columbia Records (see 1966 in music). Most of the album was recorded following the February 1966 departure of the band's principal songwriter Gene Clark. In an attempt to compensate for Clark's absence guitarists Jim McGuinn and David Crosby stepped into the breach and increased their songwriting output.
 Ink Complete is progressive instrumental band Spastic Ink's debut album released in 1997 via Germany's Dream Circle label and re-issued in 2000 on EclecticElectric with 25 minutes of 'work tapes' added as bonus tracks.
 Los Vaqueros: El Regreso (English: The Cowboys: The Return) is the eighth studio album by Reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel. Featured guests are not only signed to WY Records but also English artists from the hip hop genre as T-Pain 50 Cent and Sean Kingston. The album was released on January 25 2011 through Universal.
 Fly in the Ointment was an early EP released by AFI. Tracks 1-3 were re-recorded for Very Proud of Ya and Open Your Eyes is the same as the version on the re-release of Answer That and Stay Fashionable but features different vocal tracks and a different mix. It was released on the 31 March 1995 on Wedge Records.
 Cahoots is the fourth studio album by Canadian/American rock group The Band released in 1971 and was their last all-original studio album for four years. It received only mixed reviews when it first appeared. Robbie Robertson wrote or co-wrote all but one of the album tracks Bob Dylan's When I Paint My Masterpiece. Robertson's occasional co-writers include Danko and Helm on Life is a Carnival and Van Morrison on 4% Pantomime.
 Total Anarchy is a 2006 album released by Israeli psychedelic trance artist Asher Swissa of Skazi.
 New Feelin' is the title of Liza Minnelli's third and last studio album for A&M Records. The fourth and last for the label would be a live album released 2 years later. This was released in September 1970 in the United States and sees the singer following a new formula of mixing old songs but produced in a more contemporary way.
 Los Angeles is the third album by Japanese rock band The Brilliant Green released in 2001. This album represented a shift in the band's sound from the 1960s-influenced jangle pop to a darker heavier early 90's shoegaze sound. When The Brilliant Green was featured on Time Magazine's Ten Best Bands On Planet Earth article it was Los Angeles that was listed as their key album.
 Island Row is the second album by IDM producer Capitol K. The record was original released by Planet Mu in 2000 before being re-released by XL Recordings in 2002.
 Things We Deeply Feel the fourth album release for The Archers and their first release for the West Coast’s powerful CCM franchise Light Records. The record company went all out for the project bringing in some of Hollywood’s top studio players including several Steely Dan alumni. Released before national charts were created it spawned several top airplay list hits including the #1 “It Wouldn’t Be Enough”.
 I Will Be There is an EP recorded by the British hard rock supergroup Gogmagog. It was their sole release. There were no positive reviews for the tracks and the project was abandoned when the EP failed to chart.The title track was originally written and recorded by Russ Ballard on his 1981 album Into the Fire. The other two tracks were written by British record producer Jonathan King who put the band together for a failed rock opera project .
 Agapise Me is the second studio album by Greek pop singer and Super Idol contestant Tamta. It was released on May 16 2007 by Minos EMI. The album was repackaged in early 2008 with Tamta's CD Single Mia Stigmi Esi Ki Ego/Ela Sto Rhythmo.Prin Ksana Erotefto is a Greek version of the song A Rose in the Wind by Anggun. I Zoi Einai Oraia was the Greek entry for the 2007 Mediterranean Song Contest.
 React or Die is the second album by Butcher Boy. It was released on 13 April 2009 on HDIF Records.
 The Complete BBC Peel Sessions is an album by The Delgados released after the band broke up. It was released on their own Chemikal Underground record label in 2006 after they acquired the rights at the start of the year.
 Final Damnation is a live album by The Damned. The album was recorded at The Town & Country Club in London on 13 June 1988. It was originally released in August 1989 and was later re-released on DVD.The set begins with the original line up and morphs through the various lineups of the band playing on the tracks that that lineup recorded in the studio. It was recorded at a time the band were in a chaotic state of no record contract after being dropped by their only major label contract MCA.
 O Descobrimento do Brasil (Portuguese for The Discovery of Brazil) is the sixth studio album by Brazilian rock band Legião Urbana.
 Unwelcome is the fifth studio album by the Melodic Death Metal and Technical Death Metal band Arsis. It was released on April 30 2013 through Nuclear Blast Records. This is the first full length album to feature Shawn Priest on drums and Brandon Ellis on guitar. This album was produced by Marc Lewis.
 Faith in Space is the sixth album by the singer/songwriter Lida Husik released on September 22 1998 through Alias Records.
 Live at the Marquee is a live album by the band King Crimson released through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in October 1998.Tracks 1–8 believed to be recorded at the Marquee Club London UK July 6 1969Track 9 recorded at the Fairfield Halls Croydon UK October 17 1969↑
 Omega No. 5 is the latest material by the punk band Scaterd Few. It was released in 2002 on Allan's own label Accidental Sirens. Unlike on their 1998 release the band returns to its original punk stylings mirroring Sin Disease in both aureal intensity and lyrical depth. Forming the band on this release are Allan Aguirre and Greyskull members Brad Bevill and Chris Smyers.
 Studio Tan is an album by Frank Zappa first released in September 1978 on his own DiscReet Records label. It reached #147 on the Billboard 200 albums chart.
 Have I Got a Deal for You is the ninth album of Reba McEntire a continuation of the same style of music that made her previous album My Kind of Country a big seller. Unlike its predecessor which had two #1 Billboard country hits the highest charting singles were the #6 title song Have I Got a Deal for You and the #5 Only in My Mind.
 Tha Last Meal is the fifth studio album by American rapper Snoop Dogg. It was released on December 19 2000. It was his third and final album released on No Limit Records and his first album on his own label Doggystyle Records. The album included the singles Snoop Dogg (What's My Name Pt. 2) and Wrong Idea featuring Bad Azz. It sold 397238 copies its first week and has sold over two million copies to date according to SoundScan.
 Fake Out Takes (Not for Production) is a bonus album of outtakes demos and covers by rock band Virginia Coalition that came with preorders of Rock and Roll Party.
 Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End is the soundtrack for the Disney movie of the same title Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End. It is composed by Hans Zimmer and features additional music by Lorne Balfe Tom Gire Nick Glennie-Smith Henry Jackman Atli Örvarsson John Sponsler and Geoff Zanelli.Circuit City's initial retail shipments of the album included a free movie poster at checkout with a minimum ten per store.
 Blood & Chocolate is the eleventh studio album by the British rock singer and songwriter Elvis Costello released in the United Kingdom as Demon Records XFIEND 80 and in the United States as Columbia 40518. After his previous album King of America with producer T-Bone Burnett and different musicians this album reunited him with producer Nick Lowe and his usual backing group The Attractions. It peaked at No. 16 on the UK Albums Chart and No. 84 on the Billboard 200.
 Songs from the West Coast is the 27th studio album by British singer/songwriter Elton John released worldwide on 1 October 2001. Many critics have said that this album brought him back to his piano-based musical roots. He once again collaborated with long-time lyricist Bernie Taupin. Drummer Nigel Olsson returns to the band full-time. Tata Vega makes an early appearance as a backup vocalist and joined the EJ band later. This album marks the first time John and Taupin wrote together in person.
 Bloodshot is the fourth album by American rock band The J. Geils Band released in 1973 (see 1973 in music). It was the breakthrough release for the band reaching #10 on the Billboard album charts in North America - a peak that the band would not surpass until their 1981 multi-platinum album Freeze Frame.Original pressings of Bloodshot were issued using red vinyl instead of the customary black and utilized matching red 1950's style Atlantic Records labels.
 Chuck Berry is a Chuck Berry album which was released in 1975 by Chess Records. Some pressings of this album carry the title Chuck Berry '75. Berry's daughter Ingrid is featured on backing vocals.This was Berry's final new album release for Chess Records ending an off-and-on association with the label dating back 21 years. He moved on to Atco Records for which he recorded his next (and to date most recent) studio album 1979's Rock It.
 Apple O' is Deerhoof's fifth studio album released in 2003. It was released on Kill Rock Stars and 5 Rue Christine (an offshoot of Kill Rock Stars) and is also Deerhoof's first album with guitarist Chris Cohen.
 Real Things is the third album and second number one in the UK for Dutch eurodance act 2 Unlimited. Despite spending just nine weeks in the British Top 75 album chart the album was certified gold in the United Kingdom and platinum in The Netherlands. The Real Thing Here I Go No One and Nothing Like the Rain were released as singles. Unlike their previous album Ray's raps on the verses were not cut for the UK release.
 Lady and Bird is an album from a collaboration between the singer/songwriter Keren Ann and Barði Jóhannson the lead singer of the Icelandic band Bang Gang.
 Punk Rawk Christmas is the first Christmas album from punk band MxPx. It was released on December 1 2009. Tracks 2-12 were previously released exclusively to members of MxPx's fan club PxPx.
 Dawn of the Black Hearts is a bootleg live album by the Norwegian black metal band Mayhem. It is infamous for bearing a photograph of Mayhem's vocalist Dead (Per Yngve Ohlin) after his suicide in April 1991.
 Seasons will Fall is a 2013 release by Circle II Circle. It was the band's sixth studio full-length release.
 Sex Money & Murder is an album by Gangsta Pat.
 Hegel is the final album by Italian singer-songwriter Lucio Battisti. It was released on 29 September 1994 by o.
 Locomotiv GT V is the fifth studio album by Hungarian rock band Locomotiv GT. It is a double album which was released in 1976 and was the last LGT album with drummer József Laux and lyricist Anna Adamis.
 Tour de Farce: American History and Other Unrelated Subjects the sixth comedy album by the Smothers Brothers (released November 1 1964 on Mercury Records). It reached number 58 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart. Recorded at The Ice House Pasadena California. The back of the album contains the note: For special enjoyment try playing your old Smothers Brothers albums at 45 rpm.
 Garbage is the debut album by American alternative rock group Garbage. It was released in the late summer and autumn of 1995 worldwide following critical acclaim and promising chart positions for their debut single Vow which entered the Billboard Hot 100.Garbage eventually spent over a year on both the US and UK charts reaching the top 20 on charts worldwide and receiving multi-platinum certification in numerous territories.
 Early Tymes is an album consisting of demos (fifteenth album) by Harry Nilsson who recorded for Scott Turner in 1962 when he was still a struggling musician whose regular job was working in a bank. He was reportedly paid $5 per song to sing vocals to Turner's acoustic guitar. The demos were overdubbed by various studio musicians (including Leon Russell Herb Alpert and Hal Blaine) in 1962 and then again were dubbed in 1977 and released on the album Early Tymes in 1977.
 Dethalbum III is the third full length album by virtual death metal band Dethklok from the Adult Swim animated series Metalocalypse. The CD and deluxe CD/DVD were released on October 16 2012. It contains music from the second third and fourth seasons of the show. Like The Dethalbum and Dethalbum II before it the music is performed by the show's creator Brendon Small and drummer Gene Hoglan. Additionally the band's live bassist Bryan Beller performs on the album.
 Roulette russe (Russian roulette) is the second album by French rocker Alain Bashung issued in 1979 on Philips Records. The album was reissued the following years with a couple of songs dropped and the two songs from his breakthrough single Gaby oh Gaby added.
 The Infernal Storm is the fourth studio album by the American death metal band Incantation. The album was released in 2000 on Relapse Records (US) Moria Records Brazil and as PLP on Morbid Records.
 Ikebukuro Dada is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow.Material from this album was originally exhibited at the Mutations – Sonic City show which ran from November 2000 – March 2001 at Arc en rêve centre d'architecture in Bordeaux France. A short mix of the title track was included on the CD in the exhibition catalog.MB162.1 samples String Trio by Anton Webern.
 Friendlier Up Here is the debut studio album by the Irish mod/pop rock quartet The Aftermath. It was released on 25 April 2008.The album featured three singles which had previously entered the Irish Singles Chart all inside the Top 20; One is Fun/Are You Not? spent two weeks in the chart and peaked at #11 Hollywood Remake/Need also spent two weeks in the chart and peaked at #19 whilst latest single All I Want is For You to Be Happy spent a week in the chart at #13.
 'Premonition' was Vampire Rodents' follow-up to their last album War Music. Released on their own label V.R. Productions it gathered them enough attention to get signed to Re-Constriction Records.The album features a heavy use of sound samples in many songs which was a very prevalent trend in industrial music at the time. Samples used includes assorted Looney Tunes voice clips dialogue from the horror film The Exorcist as well as narration from H.G.
 Saved from the truth is the third studio album by Persian Power metal act Angband released on September 28 2012 through Pure Steel Records. as was the case with their previous album the mixing and mastering was handled by well-known producer Achim Kohler (Primal Fear Amon Amarth).
 Favourite Spanish Dishes is an EP by The Lemonheads. It was released in the UK in June 1990 and in the United States in February 1991 with two extra tracks - Step by Step a cover of the song first released by New Kids on the Block and a cover of the Misfits' track Skulls.
 King of Conflict is the debut album by British rock band The Virginmarys released on 4 February 2013 on Cooking Vinyl records in Europe; and 12 February 2013 on Wind Up Records in North America.
 The Malady Lingers On is a 1992 video by Morrissey which includes the videos for eight selected tracks. The title of this compilation is taken from a sentence in the Marshall McLuhan and Quentin Fiore collido-scope The Medium is the Massage. It was initially released on VHS in 1992 and was rereleased on DVD in 2004.
 Unexpected is the debut solo album by German singer-songwriter Sandy released by Cheyenne Records and Polydor on September 13 2004 (see 2004 in music). It was primarily produced by production teams Mute8 and Twin with additional contribution from S. Kula Pete Boxsta Martin Nigel Rush and Pam Sheyne among others. Although album peaked at number 13 on the German Albums Chart it widely failed to chart or sell in Austria and Switzerland.
 Groovin' is the second album by Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota released on April 22 1987. The album peaked at number 33 on the Oricon Album charts and sold over a million copies becoming a certified Million. Following the release of the album Kubota went on Keep On Dancing Tour and later released the concert DVD Keep On Dancing.
 Track 18 Charlie Motín is also known as Mírate Al Espejo from Mundo Frío.
 Maapallo is the second solo studio album by a Finnish reggae artist Raappana. Released on 1 September 2010 the album peaked at number one on the Finnish Albums Chart.
 Dating Stephy is an album by Stephy Tang and was released on February 14 2007 in three different versions. It was released in conjunction with Valentine's Day in order to match the theme of the album. At the same time the song Qi Xi also resembles the Chinese equivalent of this day of love and romance. Stephy herself filled in the lyrics for two pieces Waiting for you and Enduring Love. In Cantonese the meaning of Light Bulb is the presence of a third party in a romantic moment.
 Members Don't Git Weary is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach recorded in 1968 and released on the Atlantic label.
 For the colombian reality game show see Desafío (TV series).Desafío is a compilation album released by New Era Entertainment in 2003. It consists of 25 tracks featuring many reggaeton artists like Ivy Queen Don Omar Alexis & Fido Wisin & Yandel and Tego Calderón among others.
 Turns and Strokes is a compilation album by English rock band Wire. It was released in May 1996.
 Somewhere Deep in the Night is the title of the seventh studio album by the British sophisti-pop group Swing Out Sister. Produced by longtime collaborator Paul Staveley O'Duffy the album was first released in Japan in 2001 with a European and American release the following year.Since the group's second album 1989's Kaleidoscope World the group has consisted of Corinne Drewery on lead vocals and multi-instrumentalist Andy Connell.
 Out of My Way is a 1997 solo album by Peter Holsapple on the New Orleans label Monkey Hill records. Personnel includes keyboardist Benmont Tench and Holsapple's fellow Continental Drifters Vicki Peterson Susan Cowsill and Carlo Nuccio.
 Blubberknife is a 1983 studio album by Australian experimental rock group Severed Heads. It was originally released on cassette.
 Shilo is a compilation album of songs recorded by Neil Diamond which was released on September 12 1970 by Bang Records. Bang released a remixed version of Shilo in 1970 which became a hit and inspired this compilation of songs Diamond recorded for Bang in 1966 and 1967 before moving to Uni Records. It reached number 52 on the U.S. pop albums chart and was the best-selling of his Bang albums.
 The Inner Me is the debut full-length studio album by progressive trance producer remixer and DJ Ashley Wallbridge which was released on March 9 2012 on Armada Music. The album was written and recorded over the course of 1.5 years. The album features new collaborations from artists such as Kobalt Infusion Audrey Gallagher and Matias Lehtola along with returning collaborations with artists such as Andy Moor and Elleah.
 Baby Gate is an album by Italian singer Mina distributed back to back with album Mina®.
 Blunted in the Bomb Shelter is a compilation album by hip hop producer Madlib. This album is a collection of reggae ska and dub songs taken from the catalogs of Trojan Records. Compiled around 2001 to 2002 the album was first released in the format of two 7-inch EPs and later released on CD format.
 Worship Jamz is a series of albums featuring popular songs sung by children. It can be seen as a Christian version of Kidz Bop which is produced by the same company Razor & Tie.
 Walking Back Home combines eight songs that were brand new compositions previously unreleased tracks or released only with limited availability with nine previously released Deacon Blue songs. In this sense it is not purely a studio album nor a typical compilation album. Because however Walking Back Home marked the beginning of a new period of reformation and activity for the group it is a significant album in their catalog.
 Hallway Symphony was the second studio album of the band Hamilton Joe Frank & Reynolds released in 1972. It was their final album for the Dunhill label. A single released from the album One Good Woman failed to break the Top 40.
 Don't Tread is the second and last studio album released by the American hard rock supergroup Damn Yankees. It features their second highest charting single the power ballad Where You Goin' Now which peaked at number 20. The album itself reached number 22 in the Billboard 200 album chart.
 The Fish People Tapes is a 1984 comedy album by Alexei Sayle. Subtitled an Alexei Sayle mystery the album comprises an episodic detective serial plus occasional musical interludes.
 Big Dreams in a Small Town is the third studio album by American country music group Restless Heart. It was released by RCA Nashville in July 1988. The Bluest Eyes in Texas A Tender Lie the title track and Say What's in Your Heart were released as singles. The album reached #4 on the Top Country Albums chart and has been certified Gold by the RIAA.
 The Coils of Apollyon is the third studio album by the Indian heavy metal band Kryptos. The album was released in India on February 18 2012 through Bangalore based record label Iron Fist Records. Internationally the album was released on September 21 2012 through AFM Records.The album artwork was designed by renowned graphic artist Mark Riddick.
 Maiden Voyage is an album by pianist Ramsey Lewis which was recorded in 1968 and released on the Cadet label.
 The World of David Bowie is an album by David Bowie released in 1970. It contains material from his first album David Bowie as well as previously unreleased songs. The track listing was chosen by Bowie himself.
 Dieci stratagemmi (Italian: Ten Stratagems) is an album by Franco Battiato. It was released in fall of 2004 by Sony Music and features musicians like the Krisma and Lacuna Coil's female singer Cristina Scabbia.Battiato came up with the idea of this album after reading the book Thirty-Six Stratagems an ancient Chinese tactic and strategy military book.
 LOVE&PEACE is the second mini-album from Japanese singer Emi Tawata under the label Techesko. The album managed to reach the #204 spot on the Oricon ranking and charted for 2 weeks.The mini-album had a collaboration song with DJ KAWASAKI named INTO YOU.The leading song FLOWER was a theme song for television network series がっちりマンデー!!
 Great Days: The John Prine Anthology is a compilation album by American folk singer John Prine released in 1993.
 Insomnia is the seventh extended play by Australian musician Washington. It is the follow up to her 2010 debut album I Believe You Liar. It was released on Mercury in 2011 and peaked at #24 on the Australian ARIA charts
 The Revenge of Some Kid is the first EP by indie-rock band Illinois released in 2006.
 It's Time is an EP by Imagine Dragons released on March 12 2011. It was recorded inside of Studio X at the Palms Hotel and Casino during the autumn of 2010. All songs were written by Imagine Dragons. All songs were mixed by Grammy nominated engineer Mark Needham.To promote the album the band toured with The Parlotones and performed at Bergenfest 2011 SSMF 2011 and Bite of Las Vegas 2011. Track America was also promoted via AOL Jobs.
 Ringo Starr: Live at Soundstage is a 2007 live album by rock musician and ex-Beatle Ringo Starr. It was recorded at the Genesee Theatre in Waukegan Illinois on 24 June 2005 as part of the PBS concert series Soundstage.Ringo Starr: Live at Soundstage features many of Starr's best-known songs both as a solo artist and as a Beatle including: Yellow Submarine Octopus' Garden Photograph and songs from his two previous studio albums Choose Love and Ringo Rama.
 Phoenix Propeller is the debut solo album by Melburnian singer/songwriter and ex-Love Outside Andromeda front-woman Sianna Lee. It was released in May 2010 and consist of ten tracks.
 Cole World: The Sideline Story is the debut studio album by American rapper J. Cole. The album was released on September 27 2011 under Roc Nation with distribution from Sony Music. The album is his first studio release following three successful mixtapes. Production was handled mainly by Cole himself with some production from high-profile producer No I.D. It includes features from Trey Songz Drake Jay-Z and Missy Elliott.
 Suffer the Children is a 1990 EP by the English extreme metal band Napalm Death.
 Fit for Flogging is a 1993 Leæther Strip album released by Cleopatra Records. Together with Penetrate the Satanic Citizen it bundles most of Leæther Strip's releases prior to Solitary Confinement.
 Cassis is the 20th solo studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Yōsui Inoue released in July 2002. The album includes Kimerareta Rhythm which was featured on the Academy Award-nominated motion picture The Twilight Samurai directed by Yoji Yamada. The song You are the Top was originally contributed to the same-titled musical by Kōki Mitani.
 Free Live! is a live album by English rock band Free. It was rush-released by Island Records to commemorate the band who had broken up in April 1971. Possibly because of the publicity caused by their breakup (which had also earned them a successful parting single My Brother Jake that same month) the album was a hit reaching #4 in the UK album charts. It fared less well in the United States however reaching only #89.
 You or Me is an album by saxophonist Jimmy Heath featuring performances recorded 1995 and released on the SteepleChase label.
 Ungod is the debut album released in 1994 on Columbia Records by the American industrial rock band Stabbing Westward. The album was recorded in six weeks of 1993 in Chiswick England and released in February 1994. With adequate album sales and touring with the likes of Depeche Mode a second album was warranted Wither Blister Burn & Peel.
 Inside Story is the debut album by actress-singer Lalaine. The album received a very limited release and did not appear on any major music charts.
 Comeback: Singles Collection '90-'94 is a compilation album by Bonnie Tyler.
 The Rocks Crumble is the eighth Jandek album released as Corwood 0746. It is his third release of 1983 and is the first Jandek album to feature extensive use of drums and electric guitar. It was reissued on CD in 2001.
 Friar Tut is an album by Americana and Bluegrass dobro player Tut Taylor released in 1972. Taylor is joined by Norman Blake Sam Bush and David Taylor. Taylor's son David was 16 years old at the time of this recording.Friar Tut was reissued on CD in 1998.
 The Past The Present The Future is the sixth album released by Mark 'Oh and it was released on November 20 2009 by ZYX Music.The album contains two cover songs a cover of the song Scatman released by Scatman John in 1994. and a cover of United released by Prince Ital Joe feat Marky Mark in 1994.The album also contains three of Mark 'Oh's old songs: Randy (Never Stop That Feeling) Mark 'Oh's first single released in 1993. Tears Don't Lie released by Mark 'Oh in 1994. and Your Love released by Mark 'Oh in 1999.
 We Love You is the debut album by New York band Semi Precious Weapons. The album was originally released as a free download. However when the group signed with Razor & Tie Records in 2008 they re-released the album under their new label. Several of the songs became live favourites including the eponymous track and Magnetic Baby. These songs along with several other tracks from the record were re-recorded with the band's new line-up for their follow up album entitled You Love You.
 Bratz: Rock Angelz is an album by various artists to represent the songs of five original Bratz dolls who comprise a band - Roxxi Cloe Jade Yasmin and Sasha. In addition to this music CD there is a corresponding set of Bratz dolls to represent the five band members. Each set includes a doll a recording studio a stage a microphone a CD and fashion clothes in red black and white colors. There is also a feature film DVD with the same title.
 Rimska cesta is the third studio album by Slovene musician Tomaž Pengov.
 The Clash Hits Back is a 2-CD 3-LP best of collection by The Clash released in September 2013.The set was released simultaneously with an eleven disc box set titled Sound System along with 5 Album Studio Set which contains the band's first five studio albums. They are expected to be the final releases to involve Mick Jones who said I’m not even thinking about any more Clash releases. This is it for me and I say that with an exclamation mark. Jones said.
 The Revolution Will Not Be Televised is a compilation album by American recording artist Gil Scott-Heron released in 1974 on Flying Dutchman Records in the United States. It was also released in 1975 in Spain on Flying Dutchman's parent label RCA under the title La Revolucion No Podra Ser Televisada. The album takes its name from Scott-Heron's 1971 song of the same name.
 Sky Drips Drifts is an album released in 2007 by White Rainbow. The album is one continuous track split into five sections for easy tracking of sections/movements. Like Sun Shifts Sky Drips Drifts is a representation of the current White Rainbow live experience complete with loops shakers and heavy ambient noise. Unlike Sun Shifts though this album is not a limited edition and is readily available.
 Celtic Woman: Emerald - Musical Gems is the ninth studio album by the group Celtic Woman released on February 25 2014. Emerald - Musical Gems features vocalists Chloë Agnew Susan McFadden Lisa Lambe and fiddler Máiréad Nesbitt on the PBS Special. The songs on the album are re-recorded versions of songs previously covered by Celtic Woman.
 COIN COIN Chapter One: Gens de Couleur Libres is an album by jazz saxophonist Matana Roberts the first of her 12-chapter Coin Coin project. It was released by Constellation Records in May 2011.
 Mesto pored prozora (trans. A Seat by the Window) is the fourteenth studio album from Serbian rock band Galija released in 2010.
 Tuff Enuff is a 1986 studio album by Texas-based Blues Rock and Rockabilly band The Fabulous Thunderbirds which pointed the band in a more mainstream direction. The single Tuff Enuff was featured in the films Gung Ho Tough Guys as was the follow-up single Wrap It Up. It has also been played a number of times on the sitcom Married... with Children. Tuff Enuff remains the band's only Top 40 hit peaking at No. 10 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Blood Pressures is the fourth studio album by indie rock band The Kills. It was released on April 1 2011 in Australia on April 4 2011 in Europe and on April 5 2011 in the United States and Canada. The album was recorded at Key Club studio in Benton Harbor Michigan the same studio where the band had previously recorded both No Wow and Midnight Boom. The album was promoted by four singles: Satellite Future Starts Slow Baby Says and The Last Goodbye.
 Sixties Power Ballads - The Greatest Driving Anthems in the World... Ever! is an edition in The Greatest Driving Anthems in the World... Ever! series which is a part of The Best... Album in the World...Ever! brand. This album was released October 22 2007 and includes some of the biggest power ballads the 1960s had to offer.
 The Piano is the original soundtrack on the Virgin Records label of the 1993 Academy Award-winning film The Piano. The original score was composed by Michael Nyman and is his twentieth album release. Despite being called a soundtrack this is a partial score re-recording as Nyman himself also performs the piano on the album (whereas the film version is performed by lead actress Holly Hunter).
 Readiness to Sacrifice is the second solo album of Michael Kiske. It was released in 1999 in Japan and South Korea and in Europe in 2001.
 ¡Quiero Vivir! (I Want to Live!) is the debut album by Lilian Garcia who is better known as the former ring announcer for WWE Monday Night Raw and current announcer for SmackDown. It was released in North America on Oct. 9 2007 through Universal Music Latino.Garcia co-wrote 11 songs on the album including three with Jon Secada who she duets with on Adonde. The album was produced by George Noriega (Ricky Martin Jon Secada and Gloria Estefan) and Tim Mitchell (Shakira).
 Revolver (stylized as rEVOLVEr) is the fourth studio album by Swedish metal band The Haunted.This album merges the raw blueprint of their self-titled debut with the slightly more refined and produced sound evident on their subsequent albums.As the album name suggests the band has evolved on this record. There are more cleanly sung and melodic vocals than ever before along with the requisite screaming metal-vocals.
 Diversions is a 1987 album (LP Vinyl) released by the California State University Los Angeles Jazz Ensemble it featured the Charles Richard Suite for Jazz Orchestra which was premiered by Dave Edwards earlier that year. This group proved to be one of the finest college jazz orchestras of that era with having placed in the finals of the Pacific Coast Collegiate Jazz Festival.
 MusiK For A Play is Adam Green's seventh solo record released by Contraphonic Records on May 10 2010 in a limited release of 500 copies. The album was written as a score for a theatrical version of Paul Auster's novel about a homeless man's dog entitled Timbuktu. The compositions of the songs on the album premiered at Zimmertheater in Tübingen Germany.
 Standing In the Line of Fire is an album released by Gary U.S. Bonds in 1984 under the band title of Gary U.S. Bonds and the American Men. The album was a follow up to his two Springsteen/Van Zandt produced albums Dedication and On the Line though the only carry-over from the previous two albums was Steven Van Zandt who wrote sang backing vocals for and played lead guitar on the title track. The album also features a cover of Ritchie Valens' Come On Let's Go.
 Andy Nogger is the third album by the German Krautrock band Kraan. It is the last studio album from Kraan's original line up.
 Doupeimmat Jumala Seivaa is a studio album by Finnish rapper Ruudolf. Released in November 2004 it was the rapper's first album on the label Monsp Records. The album contains ten tracks nine of which produced by the rapper himself the other by Karri Koira. Guest appearances are made by Karri Koira and Aksim.
 Horna/Tenebrae In Perpetuum is a split EP by the black metal band Horna. It was released in 2005 on Debemur Morti Productions.
 Whistle on the Wind is the first solo album by flute and tin whistle player Joanie Madden.
 Tubular Bells 2003 is an album by Mike Oldfield released in 2003 by Warner Music. It is a complete re-recording of Oldfield's 1973 album debut Tubular Bells which had been released 30 years earlier.
 Perfect Timing is the sixth studio album by American hip-hop group Outlawz consisting of members Hussein Fatal Young Noble and E.D.I.. The album was released on September 13 2011; the anniversary of 2Pac's death. Confirmed guests for the album include Bun B Tech N9ne Scarface Krayzie Bone Young Buck Lloyd among others.
 Legion of Flames is the second album by Zimmers Hole. This album is noticeably more successful than their first effort Bound by Fire and has received many better reviews.
 Amber's fourth album was titled My Kind of World. Amber co-wrote 10 of the 12 songs on the album. The album features three singles: You Move Me Voodoo and Just Like That.
 Fingerpickin' is the debut album by American jazz guitarist John Wes Montgomery released in 1958 and comprising tracks from sessions in 1957 and 1958. Seven of the ten tracks were originally released as The Montgomery Brothers and Five Others in 1957.
 Guitars is a record album written and performed by Mike Oldfield released in 1999 (see 1999 in music). The concept of the album was to only perform it using guitar-like instruments.
 Visual Karma (Body Mind and Soul) is the first live album by Italian gothic metal band Lacuna Coil that was released in November 2008. The DVD is retrospective of all things from the band's Karmacode album cycle the set features concerts filmed at Germany's Wacken Festival and at the Japanese Loudpark Festival on 2007.
 Angel's Suitcase is an album by Zhao Wei. It marks the release of the first album by independent music studio MBOX. Wei directed the music video of the title track.
 Behind The Bright Lights is the second and final studio album by metalcore band Fei Comodo. It was released on July 16 2012 although it was originally due to be released on 14 May 2012. A special edition of the album was also released which contained bonus material including acoustic performances guitar tutorials and two music videos alongside the album tracks. Two of the tracks on the album No Way Out and A Man Left Behind had previously been released on the EP The Life They Lead.
 Hit Parade is a 1999 album by Spirit of the West.The album is a compilation and marked their final release for Warner Music Canada. Despite the album's title not all of the songs on the album were released as singles and some songs which were notable singles (Tell Me What I Think Slow Learner) are not present. The songs are presented roughly in reverse chronological order except for And if Venice is Sinking.
 The Roots Come Alive is a live album from the group The Roots. It was recorded in Zurich Switzerland; New York City; and other places and released November 2 1999. An enhanced double-CD edition containing six extra tracks music videos and photos was also released with a limited pressing. The album title is a reference to the popular live album Frampton Comes Alive.
 Soul Yogi is the sixth album by American jazz vibraphonist Freddie McCoy which was recorded in 1968 for the Prestige label.
 Niagara Falls is a three-CD live album by the rock band Phish. It contains the complete concert recorded on December 7 1995 at the Niagara Falls Convention Center in Niagara Falls New York. It was released by JEMP Records on November 12 2013.
 Good As Gold is the second full length album from the Red Rockers released in 1983 on Columbia/415. It contained the single China which peaked at number 53 on the Billboard 200. Other singles from the album were Til It All Falls Down and the title track Good As Gold. The music video for the song Good As Gold was filmed at the Alamo Village; the same location where John Wayne shot the film The Alamo.
 Philosopher's Propeller is an electronica album by Susumu Hirasawa. Some songs such as Nigredo and Rubedo come from Latin terms related to the alchemical magnum opus. Notably some songs served as the basis for the Millennium Actress soundtrack. Susumu Hirasawa had done different versions of the songs and examples of songs that have been remixed were Nigredo (Kagi no Kimi in the soundtrack) and Rubedo (Run in the Millennium Actress Soundtrack).
 Twin Forks is the eponymously-titled debut studio album from Folk rock band Twin Forks. Produced by Ammar Malik and Robopop the album was released on February 25 2014 on Dine Alone Records.
 Old Land is a Relativity Records 1985 compilation album by Cluster and Brian Eno. All of the tracks had been previously released on two prior albums: Cluster & Eno and After the Heat which were released on LP by Sky Records in 1977 and 1978 respectively. The title is drawn from a track originally released on After the Heat.
 Prince of Darkness is the third studio album by English Gothic rock band Nosferatu. It is the band's first album to feature lead vocalist Dominic LaVey. The album was released September 1996 by Cleopatra Records in the United States and Canada and in August 1996 in the United Kingdom and Germany on Hades Records.
 Love Peace & Poetry – Vol.2 Latin is the second volume in the Love Peace & Poetry series released by QDK Media in 1998. This volume explores obscuro garage rock and psychedelic rock bands from Latin America.
 Idealism is the debut studio album by German electronic music duo Digitalism released on 9 May 2007 by Virgin Records. In the United States it was released on 19 June 2007 by Astralwerks. Five of the album's fifteen tracks—Idealistic Zdarlight Digitalism in Cairo Jupiter Room and Pogo—were previously released as EPs prior to the release. The song Digitalism in Cairo samples the The Cure's 1979 song Fire in Cairo.
 Stick It Live is a live EP released by hard rock band Slaughter. The EP was released by Chrysalis Records shortly after the release of the band's debut album. It was also certified gold.
 Big Bigger Biggest! The Best Of Mr. Big is a compilation CD and DVD by the hard rock band Mr. Big. CD released in 1996 and DVD released in 2009 it contains the following songs:
 (((GRRRLS))) is the first full-length album from indie rock ensemble Parenthetical Girls. Originally released on January 2004 in vinyl-only format on Slender Means Society the label re-released the album on CD in expanded and remastered form on 25 April 2006.
 Radio Active is a music album released by the Pat Travers on Polygram Records in 1981. Radio Active was Pat Travers' first release after the highly successful Crash and Burn. However Pat Thrall and Tommy Aldridge had already left the band. Travers and Cowling forged on with former Blackjack drummer Sandy Gennaro but the album barely made it into the Top 40. It was quite different from Travers' previous work with more emphasis on keyboards than heavy guitars.
 Animetal Marathon VII: Fight! The Metal Heroes (アニメタル・マラソンVII ～戦え!メタル・ヒーロー～ Animetaru Marason Sebun ~Tatakae! Metaru Hīrō~) is a 2005 album by the Japanese heavy metal band Animetal. This album focuses on the ending themes of various tokusatsu shows. The first three songs on the album comprise the openings of the newest Super Sentai series at the time of the album's recording.The last track JUMP IN THE FIRE! is a marathon of anime songs adapted from manga published in Weekly Shonen Jump.
 Euro 2000: The Official Album is an album with various artists released on June 12 2000 as the official music album for UEFA Euro 2000 in the Netherlands and Belgium.
 Dig is the debut album by the Canadian alternative rock band I Mother Earth released by Capitol and EMI on August 10 1993. The album was certified Gold in Canada in its initial run and stands at platinum today. It also won a Juno Award in 1994 for Best Hard Rock Album.The album was noted for its metallic sound balanced with psychedelic-style lyrics and instrumentals and further backed by Latin percussion. The latter two were often brought into play during lengthy jam sessions.
 Live Bait (Vol. 1) is a live download by jam band Phish. This download features highlights from their summer tour including Backwards Down the Number Line and Kill Devil Falls. It was available for free on the official Phish website however it is no longer available.
 In Harmony is the third album by the Japanese vocalband Bright released on 20 October 2010. The album is released in two versions: a CD+DVD and a CD only version. Their song Flower was the theme song for the BeeTV program キス× Kiss×キス (KisuxKissxKisu; KissxKissXKiss). The song Shining Star was a TV commercial song for Shidax and their song Kirai demo Suki: Aishiteru was the ending song for BeeTV program 麒麟の部屋.
 This Little Empire is the second studio album by New Zealand rock band Zed. It was produced by Sylvia Massy Shivy and Zed at Radiostar Studios in Weed California and engineered by Rich Veltrop. Unlike the band's debut 2000 release Silencer This Little Empire was predominately produced for the American market with a US edition and a New Zealand edition released. The track listing for the US edition contains tracks taken from their debut album.
 Will the Circle be Unbroken is a 1972 album by the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band with collaboration from many famous bluegrass and country-western players including Roy Acuff Mother Maybelle Carter Doc Watson Earl Scruggs Merle Travis Pete Oswald Kirby Norman Blake Jimmy Martin and others. It also introduced fiddler Vassar Clements to a wider audience.
 The Last Laugh is the third album by Helios Creed released on August 14 1989 through Amphetamine Reptile Records.
 The Complete Reprise Studio Recordings is a 1995 box set album by the American singer Frank Sinatra. The release coincided with Sinatra's 80th birthday celebration.The original 1995 packaging had the 20 discs encased in a small leather-bound trunk. When it was re-released in 1998 it was repackaged in a more-standard (and cheaper) cardboard format.
 In September 2012 Sharks began recording demos for a second studio album which they hoped to finish writing by the end of the year.
 Good Old Boys is an album by American musician John Hartford released in 1999.
 T.I.N.T. (an acronym for This Is Not The Album) is a mixtape by Ghanaian Neo soul singer Efya released by One Nation Entertainmenta on November 11 2013. Upon its release it was available as a free digital download. The mixtape features a guest appearance from Black Magic and was supported by the singles Getaway and Best In Me.
 Son of a Plumber is an album released by Swedish pop-rock singer and composer Per Gessle. It is the first album by Gessle to use a pseudonym artist name; Son of a Plumber. The album which was officially released on 23 November 2005 is a double CD album packed with deeply personal and highly inventive music according to Gessle[citation needed].There were three singles released from the album.
 The Early Years:1990-1995 is a compilation album created by The Casualties released in 2001 and recorded 1990-1995.
 Play to Win is the fourth studio album by British pop artist Gabrielle. It was the 191st best-selling album of 2004.The track Sometimes from this album features on the Love Actually film soundtrack.
 Songs for Beginners is Graham Nash's first solo album released in May 1971 and one of four high-profile albums released by each partner of Crosby Stills Nash & Young in the wake of their chart-topping Déjà Vu album of 1970. It peaked at No. 15 on the Billboard Top Pop Albums chart and the single Chicago made it to No. 35 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Candlebox is the debut album by Seattle rock band Candlebox. It contains their best known hit Far Behind as well as the hit singles Change You and Cover Me. Released in 1993 the album has since been certified 4× platinum in the United States.
 Give 'Em the Boot is the first compilation album in the Give 'Em the Boot series.This as of 2007 is the only entry not to include the boot design of all of the other covers.
 YU grupa is the third studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band YU grupa. YU grupa is the band's second self-titled album the first one being their debut album released in 1973.
 States is the debut studio album by the indie folk band The Paper Kites. The album was released on October 1 2013.
 Most Wanted is the fourth studio album by German rapper MOK. The song Gemein wie Zehn a diss to Bushido got added to the album.As well the diss song Frohe Ostern an insult directed at Farid Bang was added under the changed title Mr. Lover Lover.
 Laughter In The Rain: The Best Of Neil Sedaka 1974-1980 is a compilation album containing the works of American pop singer Neil Sedaka. The album is composed mostly of material from his tenure with The Rocket Record Company in the mid-1970s. The title of this album is something of a misnomer as it contains some material recorded prior to 1974. The album was released on compact disc in the US by Varese Serebande in 1994.
 'Won' is Pacewon's debut solo album. Pacewon is a founding member of the rap group The Outsidaz and was on their first and only two albums. The album is produced by Wyclef Jean of the rap group The Fugees which Pacewon has worked with. The other producers are Jerry Duplessis and Ski. The album includes 21 songs and features seven guest stars.
 Complex Party Come Along Theories is the debut studio album by American indie rock band Grandaddy released on cassette tape in 1994. It was self-released by the band and limited to 200 copies. It features only the band's three founding members Jason Lytle Kevin Garcia and Aaron Burtch.
 Naked is the debut solo album by the British singer Louise. Released in July 1996 it peaked at no.7 in the UK and the single 'Naked' was later certified Platinum for sales of over 600000 copies.
 One Grain of Sand is an album by American folk singer Odetta first released in 1963. It was re-released on CD in 1997.
 Basket of Light is a 1969 album by the folk rock group Pentangle. It reached #5 on the UK charts largely on the basis of the single Light Flight (#43 UK) the theme from BBC1's first colour drama series Take Three Girls. Another single from the album Once I Had a Sweetheart reached number 46 in the charts.The album's liner notes state that Springtime Promises was written after a ride on a number 74 bus from Gloucester Road to Greencroft Gardens on an early spring day.
 Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street: The Motion Picture Soundtrack is a soundtrack to the film of the same name released on December 18 2007. Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street is the second film in Burton's directing career not to include music composed by Danny Elfman (the first being Ed Wood).
 All in Time is the debut album of Swedish progressive rock band Mister Kite. It included a guest solo by Mattias IA Eklundh of Freak Kitchen.
 Di Meola Plays Piazzolla is a tribute album by Al Di Meola to the Argentinian composer Ástor Piazzolla. 8 of the 10 songs are Piazzolla's songs arranged by Di Meola.
 Beyond the Blue Mosque is a compilation album of Muslimgauze material. The compilation was released in 1997. It was repressed in 2003.
 I Still Believe in You is the sixth studio album from American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in 1992 on MCA Nashville. It features the singles I Still Believe in You (Gill's first Number One country hit) Don't Let Our Love Start Slippin' Away No Future in the Past One More Last Chance and Tryin' to Get Over You.
 Misanthro-Thérapie (15 Années d'Analyse) is a compilation of music by the French progressive death metal band Misanthrope. This compilation set was limited to 2000 units including 2 DVDs containing live songsinterviews and more. Chair Organique features Ludovic Loez and Conte Fantasmagorique features Stille Volk.
 Guava Jam: Contemporary Hawaiian Folk Music is a record by The Sunday Manoa of Hawaiian folk music released in 1971 advancing the Second Hawaiian Renaissance in the 1970s. The Sunday Manoa consisted of Peter Moon and the brothers Robert and Roland Cazimero.
 The Supremes is a studio album by The Supremes released in 1975 on Motown Records.
 The Trawlerman's Song is an EP by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler released on 26 April 2005 by Mercury Records. The EP contains the album version of The Trawlerman's Song from the 2004 album Shangri-La and live in-studio versions of five other songs recorded in one take at Shangri-la Studios in Malibu California.
 Back in the Circus (2004) is the fourth studio album released by Jonatha Brooke.The track Less Than Love is Nothing written with Eric Bazilian is the first co-written song Brooke has included on a solo album. Additionally this is her first album to feature cover version of other bands' songs: Fire and Rain God Only Knows and Eye in the Sky.
 Kidz Bop 17 is the 17th edition to the Kidz Bop series and was released on January 26 2010.
 Feel... (stylized as feel...) is the second compilation DVD from Japanese star Koda Kumi. As of 2010 the DVD has shifted 32591 copies.
 Unlock the Gates is the fourth and last album by the rock band Gypsy. Keyboardist James Walsh continued the band in various incarnations as The James Walsh Gypsy Band. The horn section is from the band Chicago.
 Trapped! is the sixth studio album by the German heavy metal band Rage. The album was remastered by Noise/Sanctuary in 2002 with five bonus tracks two of them are from the EP Beyond the Wall.
 Kate and Anna McGarrigle is the self-titled 1975 debut album by Kate and Anna McGarrigle.The album includes Heart Like a Wheel the McGarrigles' most famous song which was first released by Linda Ronstadt in 1974.
 4 Plugs is the seventh album by The Mad Capsule Markets. The album has been known as one of the band's more aggressive and heavier albums as it was a departure from the original melodic Japanese rock and punk sound to a more metal and rap-based style and the debut of Takeshi's experimentation of playing bass guitar with effects and downtuning.
 Surrender is an album by English soprano Sarah Brightman featuring songs composed by Andrew Lloyd Webber. The album’s booklet also includes Lloyd Webber's commentary for each song.
 Ahead of My Time is the fourth independent album (seventh overall) by rapper Lil' Flip released on July 6 2010. The first single from the album is Heartbreaker which features Eeden & Sean Thomas. A video was released for 50 in My Pinkyrang on July 17 2010. Another video was released for Heartbreaker on August 6 2010.
 Shake It All About is a children's music album recorded by Little Richard which was released on the Disney label in 1992. The album followed the success of Richard's rock and roll-based cover of The Itsy Bitsy Spider convincing Disney to allow Richard to record a full album of children's songs in his trademark rock and roll style.
 Seelenschmerz is the second album by Blutengel. It was re-released in 2011 remastered as a 2 disc release the original remastered album and a bonus disc of tracks from the original bonuc disc the Bloody Pleasures single and a compilation track.
 Save Me is the eighth album by Irish singer and actress Clodagh Rodgers released in 1977 on the Polydor label. It was her first album for four years and her last up to 2012 excepting compilation albums.
 Thresholds is the second full-length studio album from Florida death metal band Nocturnus. It was released in 1992 by Earache Records and follows the band's debut album The Key. Thresholds continued the experimental sound created on the first album and the line-up was expanded to a six-piece with the addition of a vocalist – allowing Mike Browning to concentrate solely on drums.
 Deny is the second album released by the Ex Pistols in 1992. Due to the cover art the band is often mis-credited as the Sexless Pistols in writing (as Ex Pistols is the only part of the name written using the same style and because of the use of the dollar symbol it could easily be interpreted as a way of suggesting that the band were low on funds).The album itself isn't an official chart worthy album but a promo pressing of approximately 600 copies.
 Todd is a double album by Todd Rundgren released in February 1974. It was an expansion of his experimentation on A Wizard A True Star. It showed his growing interest in the synthesizer and its ability to expand the textures of rock music. Much of the album is intensely experimental. However it is not without its share of pop songs. Todd also tinkers with the synth-heavy progressive sound he would take further with his later band Utopia.
 Marriott is Steve Marriott's debut solo album from 1976 and features a British and an American side reflecting the make-up of the bands backing Steve Marriott. The British side includes former Humble Pie colleague Greg Ridley on bass and singing backing vocals.
 How We Are was the second EP by Bombay Bicycle Club released in 2007. It was released to download on CD and as a limited edition 7 vinyl.
 The Dead Has Arisen is the debut album released by rapper Lil' 1/2 Dead. It was released on October 25 1994 for Priority Records and was mainly produced by Courtney Branch and Tracy Kendrick. The album was a mild success peaking at No. 39 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and No. 17 on the Top Heatseekers chart.The Dead Has Arisen has been both praised and criticized for its likeness to Half Dead's Long Beach friend Warren G's debut album 'Regulate ... G Funk Era'.
 My Romance is an album by the U.S. singer-songwriter Carly Simon released in 1990. It is her fourteenth studio album and her sixteenth album overall as well as being her second album devoted to standards. The album peaked at #46 on the Billboard 200 and stayed on the chart for 17 weeks. Simon's version of In the Wee Small Hours of the Morning from this album was used in the hit 1993 film Sleepless In Seattle as well as being featured on the film's soundtrack.
 Andy Williams' Newest Hits is a compilation album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released early in 1966 by Columbia Records. This first album to compile the singer's Columbia material made its debut on the Billboard Top LP's chart in the issue dated February 5 1966 and remained there for 23 weeks peaking at number 23. A similar collection entitled May Each Day entered the UK album chart the following month on March 19 and reached number 11 over the course of six weeks.
 Unborn Child is the sixth studio album by American pop/folk duo Seals and Crofts. It included two low-charting singles the title track (which reached #66) and The King of Nothing which reached #60. The album's title track was deemed controversial at the time because of its pro-life stance. As a result pro-choice advocates boycotted the album and the duo's concerts.[citation needed]
 1st Album is 5566's debut studio album. Released in 2002 this album not only topped the local music charts for 3 weeks it also succeeded in displacing Fantasy 4 Ever the second album of the then-reigning boyband F4 from first place.This album includes all songs from the My MVP Valentine OST that are done by 5566 as well as several new additions.
 Just Between You and Me is the debut album of American country music duo The Kinleys. It was released in 1997 (see 1997 in country music) on Epic Records. The album produced four singles all of which charted on the Billboard country singles charts. The first two — Please and the title track — were both Top Twenty hits peaking at #7 and #12 respectively. Following these were Dance in the Boat and You Make It Seem So Easy at #49 and #48.
 Johnny Foreigner vs Everything is the third studio album by British indie rock band Johnny Foreigner. It was released on CD and MP3 on December 5 2011 through Alcopop! Records and on Double Vinyl LP in Summer 2012. The record marked their first studio album to be released without the aid of a Grammy-nominated producer (Machine producing their first record Alex Newport producing their second); as well as their first studio album not released on Best Before Records.
 Baba Yaga (released 1999 by the label Grappa Music - GMCD 4158) is a studio album by Annbjørg Lien.
 12 Imaginary Inches is an album released by the 1970s-style Orange County California punk rock band The Stitches.
 In Concert-Carnegie Hall is an album by American guitarist George Benson featuring a performance recorded at Carnegie Hall in 1975 and released on the CTI label. The CD reissue added one bonus track and reordered the selections as presented in concert.
 Christmas in Vienna III (known in the USA as Vienna Noël) is a 1995 Christmas album released by Spanish operatic tenor Plácido Domingo French chanson and pop music star Charles Aznavour and Norwegian crossover soprano Sissel Kyrkjebø on the Sony Classical label.It was recorded on December 22 1994 at the Alte Winterreitschule in Vienna Austria the third of Plácido Domingo's numerous Christmas in Vienna concerts.
 Brimstone and Treacle is the soundtrack for the 1982 film adaptation of the play Brimstone and Treacle. The movie stars Sting in a leading role and he wrote or co-wrote most of the songs on the album. His cover of Spread a Little Happiness reached number 16 in the UK charts. The title track was also awarded the 1984 Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance.
 The Best of Tag Team is the first compilation album and third album overall by rap duo Tag Team. The album was released on February 1 2000 for Bellmark Records and was produced by Steve Roll'n and DC the Brain Supreme. Thus far this album has been the last for the duo.
 Can't Run from Yourself is an album by Country singer Tanya Tucker. There were three Billboard Top Ten Country Singles from Can't Run from Yourself: It's a Little Too Late and Two Sparrows in a Hurricane both at #2 and Tell Me About It a duet with Delbert McClinton at #4. The album peaked at #12 on the Country Albums chart. Tammy Wynette would later cover What Do They Know for her 1994 album Without Walls.
 Lame Gig Contest was Crimpshrine's first album. It was turned down by Lookout Records but was released in Germany. All of the songs (same recordings) made it onto Duct Tape Soup and Sound of a New World being born except for Concrete Lawns and New Scenery. The only other song that isn't available on the aforementioned albums is I Don't Know Why which is on the Benicia... EP.
 U magnovenju (In a Flash) is the third studio album by the Serbian punk rock band Goblini released by Metropolis Records in 1996. The album was available on compact cassette only until it was rereleased with the debut album on the compilation album Istinite priče + Goblini in 1998. The album was re-released by One Records in 2002.
 Outland is the thirteenth studio album by electro-pop pioneer Gary Numan released in 1991. It was Numan's second and last studio album to be released by IRS Records. It reached Number 39 on the UK charts.
 See My Friends is a studio album released by Ray Davies with the collaboration of various other artists on 1 November 2010 in Europe and in early 2011 in the US. The album features new studio collaborations of Ray Davies' compositions which were originally recorded by his band The Kinks.The album was recorded in Oslo New York New Jersey Chicago and London.
 Circling In is a double LP by jazz pianist Chick Corea featuring performances recorded between 1968 and 1970 including the first recordings by the group Circle which was first released on the Blue Note label in 1975.
 New Jack City II is the sixth studio album by American rapper Bow Wow. This is Bow Wow's first solo album to receive a Parental Advisory label for Adult Language.
 Big Drum Small World is the first studio album from Johnny Kalsi and his students from the Dhol Foundation institute in London. It was released in 2001 by Shakti Records and produced by Johnny Kalsi.
 The Budos Band II is the second album by Staten Island New York-based group The Budos Band. It was originally released on August 7 2007 through Daptone Records. Origin of Man plays during the credits of Staten Island. Furthermore the song Budos Rising is well known in the B-boying community.
 The Devil Hits Back is a compilation album by British rock band Atomic Rooster.Shortly after the death in 1989 of Atomic Rooster founder member Vincent Crane it was compiled as a tribute by his widow Jean and former bandmate John Du Cann.As well as containing a dozen latter-era Atomic Rooster tracks all its reissues are rounded out by Atomic Rooster's three Beat-Club appearances dating from 1971 and 1972.
 New Mexican Disaster Squad/Western Addiction Split is an EP by New Mexican Disaster Squad and Western Addiction released on CD and 12 vinyl by No Idea Records.It was New Mexican Disaster Squad's last album before signing with Deep Elm Records.
 Quiet Is the New Loud is the debut album from Norwegian duo Kings of Convenience.
 Panamarenko is the third album by Swedish pop band Pineforest Crunch released in 2002. The album was recorded following the band's US tour of Autumn 1998.
 Quién Dijo Ayer (English: Who Said Yesterday) is a compilation album released by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona on August 21 2007. Dan Warner and Lee Levin co-produced the album with Arjona and Puerto Rican singer-songwriter Tommy Torres. It was recorded in the United States Mexico Italy and Argentina and is the last album Arjona released under the Sony Music Entertainment label before signing with Warner Music Group.
 Waiting is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson recorded in 1976 and released on the Blue Note label. The sessions were released on CD as part of Mosaic Select: Bobby Hutcherson in 2007.
 The 13th Floor is the fourth full-length studio album by the Norwegian gothic metal band Sirenia and their first with the Spanish vocalist Ailyn. It was released on 23 January 2009 through Nuclear Blast. The album features guest appearances by Jan Kenneth Barkved (who had also made some guest appearances on their album At Sixes and Sevens) and the French violin player Stephanie Valentin who adds to the sound along with the choir that has been a part of their sound since the beginning.
 The Best Part is the debut album by underground rapper J-Live. It was recorded from 1995 to 1998 and featured production by Prince Paul DJ Premier and Pete Rock. It was set for a 1999 release but due to problems with his record label Raw Shack Records J-Live left the label and the album was shelved. J-Live moved to Payday Records but when Payday's parent company London Records was bought from Universal Music Group by WEA the album was again shelved.
 Animetal Marathon V (アニメタル・マラソンⅤ Animetaru Marason Faibu) is the fifth full length album by Japanese heavy metal band Animetal. Prior to the release of this album guitarist She-Ja left the band. He was replaced by Syu who has worked with metal bands Galneryus and Aushvitz. Animetal Marathon V marks the band's first release under their current label VAP. Tracks 2-17 cover anime themes from the 1960s to the 1980s.
 The Remedy is the seventh studio album by Boyz II Men released in Japan on October 25 2006 and in the U.S. February 14 2007 as an internet release only. It sold over one million copies in the U.S. The U.S. edition of the album is available in CD format exclusively on boyziimen.com from February 14 2007.This is the second full-length studio album of new material Boyz II Men have released since the departure of their bass Michael McCary in 2003. The first single of the album is Muzak.
 Back Up Off Me! is the only album by Yo! MTV Raps hosts Ed Lover and Doctor Dré. It was released on November 8 1994 on Relativity Records and was produced by Franklyn Grant Erick Sermon DJ Mark the 45 King Tyrone Fyffe Marley Marl Ed Lover and Doctor Dré.
 Hood Hop 2.5 is the third studio album by rapper J-Kwon. It was released on July 28 2009. The buzz single from the album was Fly and the first official single from the album was Louie Bounce (I Smacked Nikki). The second and final official single from the album was Tipsy '09. Hood Hop 2.5 is the sequel to J-Kwon's Hood Hop 2.
 Timeless: The Classics Vol. 2 is an album of covers by Michael Bolton released in 1999 (see 1999 in music).The album failed to chart altogether on the Top 200 and became his first album to do so since 1985's Everybody's Crazy.
 2007 Tour EP is a tour EP by Kevin Devine released during his 2007 U.S. tour opening for the bands Brand New and Manchester Orchestra. The EP contains mostly covers along with a new version of Wolf's Mouth (originally from Make The Clocks Move) and an acoustic version of You'll Only End Up Joining Them (originally from Put Your Ghost to Rest)The EP contains songs played during that tour.
 The Heart of Chicago 1967–1997 is the fifth greatest hits album and twenty-third album overall by the American band Chicago released in 1997. It was compiled to commemorate the group's 30th anniversary of their formation.The idea was to bridge their two eras on one CD: the James William Guercio and Columbia Records period of the 1970s and the David Foster and Warner Bros. Records period of the 1980s.
 Apologies to the Queen Mary is the highly acclaimed first full-length album by Canadian indie rock band Wolf Parade.
 End of Love is the fifth full-length album by indie rock band Clem Snide. The album includes longtime live staple Weird as well as Made for TV Movie a song about Lucille Ball which includes a duet between lead singer Eef Barzelay and the daughter of one of the album's guest musicians.
 Screens is the third studio album from Portland Oregon-based troublegum group The Mint Chicks and thus far the only Mint Chicks release not to feature bassist Michael Logie. It was released on March 16 2009 in New Zealand The Mint Chicks' homeland on Flying Nun Records. It was mixed in Portland Oregon by the Nielson brothers and Jacob Portrait with additional mixing by Chris Nielson in Auckland New Zealand.The album's first single was I Can't Stop Being Foolish.
 Eremita is the fourth studio solo album by former Emperor frontman Ihsahn. The album features guest appearances by several notable musicians including Devin Townsend and Jeff Loomis of Nevermore.
 Corridors of Power is the third solo album by Irish guitarist Gary Moore released in 1982. It contains a cover of Free's Wishing Well.
 Bachata Rosa (English: Pink Bachata) is the fifth studio album by Dominican singer-songwriter Juan Luis Guerra and his group 4.40. It was released on December 11 1990 by Karen Records. Written and produced by Guerra the record sold over five million copies worldwide. It brought bachata music into the mainstream in the Dominican Republic and gave the genre an international audience.
 In All Languages is a compilation album released by British industrial metal band Godflesh on 24 July 2001. It is a double album. A music video DVD with the same name was also released.
 J Style is the second single album by Lee Joon-gi which he produced with musician Kim Hyung Suk. The album consists 4 new songs including his 3 songs from his previous album My Jun My Style. One of the songs Selfless Dedicated Trees was written by Lee for his fans at the Episode II 'Mask' fan meeting in April 2009. J Style had rushed to the 1st rank in the Hanteo and Mnet charts within the first week the album was released on April 21.
 We Are Deja Voodoo is an EP by New Zealand band Deja Voodoo released in 2003.
 Not Ashamed is the fourth studio album by Australian CCM band Newsboys released in 1992. The album was the Newsboys' first commercially successful album with the title track I'm Not Ashamed becoming a hit on Christian radio. Also starting with this album Steve Taylor started co-writing many of the band's songs with Peter Furler.
 Understanding America is a compilation album by Frank Zappa. It was compiled and mastered by Zappa before his death in 1993 and released posthumously in 2012.
 Kad pogledaš me preko ramena (When you look at me over the shoulder) is the thirteenth studio album by Zdravko Čolić released in March 2010. It was released after a 4 year pause when in 2006 the album Zavičaj (Homeland) was released. The songs were recorded and performed in 2009 while the recording was set in Belgrade Zagreb Novo Mesto and London.
 This Is an EP Release is the RIAA gold-certified EP by Digital Underground from which Tie the Knot and Same Song were featured in the film Nothing But Trouble starring Dan Aykroyd Chevy Chase Demi Moore and John Candy.
 ESTOILE NAIANT released February 24th 2014 is the first full length release by patten on Warp Records and follows the 2013 EP EOLIAN INSTATE. The album is the first patten LP since GLAQJO XAACSSO released on No Pain in Pop on September 26th 2011.
 Person Pitch is the third solo album released by Animal Collective member Noah Lennox (aka Panda Bear) released on March 20 2007. The album was released to universal acclaim.Tiny Mix Tapes ranked Person Pitch the best album of 2007 and also ranked it 8th on their 'Favorite 100 Albums of 2000-2009' list. Resident Advisor named it the 84th best album of the decade. Pitchfork Media named Person Pitch the top album of 2007 and placed it 9th on the Top 200 Albums of The Decade.
 Making Lite of Myself is stand-up comedian John Pinette's second comedy album.
 French Kiss is the solo debut by former Fleetwood Mac singer/guitarist Bob Welch. The songs with the exception of Sentimental Lady were intended for a projected third album by Welch's previous band Paris. However the group fell apart in 1977 before recording could begin. So instead Welch used these songs for his debut solo album.For the most part French Kiss presents a mix of hard rock guitar disco-ish rhythms and sweeping strings.
 No Boys Allowed is the second studio album by American recording artist Keri Hilson released on December 17 2010 through Mosley Music and Zone 4 Records. On the album Hilson is reunited with Timbaland and Polow da Don who executively produced the album as they did with her debut release. Hilson also worked with several other producers and songwriters including Ne-Yo John Legend StarGate Bei Maejor and Boi-1da among others. Meanwhile Chris Brown Rick Ross J.
 Hexadecagon is the fourth release of American indietronica band The Octopus Project released on October 26 2010 on Peek-A-Boo Records.
 Déjeuner sur l'herbe (Lunch on the lawn) is the first album by Québécois rock band Les Breastfeeders. The album was released 4 May 2004 by Blow The Fuse Records.
 The Dean Martin TV Show is a 1966 studio album by Dean Martin accompanied by the Les Brown orchestra with arrangements by Ernie Freeman.This was the last of five albums Martin released in 1966 it was named to capitalise on the immense success of his television show The Dean Martin Show. The Dean Martin TV Show peaked at 34 on the Billboard 200 and was still on the charts in Spring 1967.The album is not a soundtrack of The Dean Martin Show.
 1-2-3 is the 13th studio album by the Filipino trio Apo Hiking Society. It was a 14-track album released in 1992 under Universal Records. This is the third album in English recorded by the group. The album includes the hits Just A Smile Away When I Met You and Love Is For Singing.
 RyanDan is the debut album by Canadian duo RyanDan released 27 September 2007 in the United Kingdom by Universal Music. It was produced by Steve Anderson.When it reached number seven on the UK Albums Chart in the week after its release it made RyanDan the first identical-twin duo to hit the top ten.[citation needed]
 British Steel is the sixth album by the British heavy metal band Judas Priest released on 14 April 1980.
 Big Blue Ball is an album by multiple artists which grew from 3 recording weeks at Peter Gabriel's Real World Studios in the summers of 1991 1992 and 1995. It is Peter Gabriel's fourteenth album project overall.In production for more than 18 years Big Blue Ball is a project featuring several artists from all around the world working together.
 Dance into the Light is the sixth solo album by Phil Collins released in 1996 and recorded in 1995. It was notable for being the first album that Collins released as a full-time solo artist having left Genesis earlier that year.
 Murder Metal is an album by Macabre released in 2003.
 Outrospective is the third album by Faithless released on 18 June 2001 it was the follow-up to Sunday 8PM and the predecessor to No Roots. The Single We Come 1 had the most success charting at no. 3 on the UK Singles Chart One Step Too Far charted at no. 6 with vocals from Dido while Muhammad Ali and Tarantula both charted at no. 29. The Album itself made no.
 Wind in the Wire is the seventh studio album released by American country music artist Randy Travis. Released in 1993 on Warner Bros. Records the album was made to accompany a television series also entitled Wind in the Wire. Two of the album's singles — Cowboy Boogie and the title track — entered the Billboard country music charts peaking at #46 and #65 respectively making this the first album of Travis's career not to produce any Top 40 hits in the United States.
 Red Queen to Gryphon Three is the third studio album made by the band Gryphon. The album was released on Transatlantic Records in the UK with a blue cover while Bell Records released the album in Canada with the cover border in black.Red Queen to Gryphon Three is a concept album around the game of chess. The music which frequently evokes a medieval mood blends and alternates among baroque renaissance English folk and progressive rock music styles.
 The Two of Us is the debut album by the R&B duo Yarbrough & Peoples. It was released in 1980 on Mercury Records and produced by Total Experience Records owner Lonnie Simmons.
 O'riginal MC's sur une mission is the debut album of the French rap formation Idéal J that was released in 1996.
 North is the seventh album by Ego Likeness and is the third in their Compass EP series. It was self-released in 2009 and was available for purchase only at tour locations or through their website. Only 300 copies were pressed and were individually numbered and autographed. According to the official website the songs are to be rereleased at a later date.
 The Entertainer is the third studio album by Nigerian Afrobeat recording artist D'banj released in 2008. Production on the album was handled by Don Jazzy. It features guest appearances from Wande Coal Special Kid and Kayswitch 'D Produkt’. It was supported by seven singles—Fall in Love Gbono Feli Feli Suddenly Kimon Igwe Olorun Maje and Entertainer. The album was named in reference to D'banj's skill as an entertainer.
 Mission No. X is U.D.O.'s tenth studio album. It was recorded at Roxx Studio Pulheim.The drummer Lorenzo Milani has been replaced by Francesco Jovino between their last release and this one.
 As Far As I Can See is the first album by pop music band The Zombies since 1991. The lineup includes three of the band's original members: Rod Argent Colin Blunstone and Chris White.
 Coast to Coast Fever is the third solo album by Canadian singer-songwriter David Wiffen. He is assisted on the album by fellow Canadian folkie Bruce Cockburn who plays guitar bass and celeste. The standout tracks are Skybound Station Coast to Coast Fever Smoke Rings We Have Had Some Good Times and Lucifer's Blues. The album was nominated for a 1974 Juno Award in the Best Folk Album category but lost to Gordon Lightfoot's Old Dan's Records.
 Wicked is the second studio album by American singer Sinitta. It was released in 1989.
 Street Angel is the Gold-certified fifth studio album from American singer-songwriter and Fleetwood Mac vocalist Stevie Nicks. Released in 1994 the album debuted at #45 on the Billboard Top 200 Albums chart with first week sales of 38000.
 The Thing Which Solomon Overlooked 3 is the twelfth album by Japanese experimental band Boris. This is the third installment of the Thing Which Solomon Overlooked series and was released concurrently with the previous installment The Thing Which Solomon Overlooked 2.Like other albums in this series The Thing Which Solomon Overlooked 3 is centered around drone music and retains some of the characteristics from the previous albums like the lack of vocals throughout the recording.
 A Fine Pink Mist is the debut solo album of former Ozzy Osbourne and Badlands guitarist Jake E. Lee released in 1996. It is an instrumental album.The album received favorable reviews and was compared by music critics to Joe Satriani's Surfing with the Alien.The songs were recorded at Juan Croucier's 'The Cellar' recording studio in 1995 over a six-month period.
 Red Moon is the seventh studio album by the American rock band The Call. It was released in 1990.
 Jazz Messages is a 1954 LP release featuring tracks by Clifford Brown's All Stars and The Jazz Messengers with Art Blakey. It was released on Jazztone Records (catalog #J-1281). It is currently out-of-print.On this album Clifford Brown's All Stars featured Clifford Brown (trumpet) Zoot Sims (saxophone) Bob Gordon (saxophone) Stu Williamson (trumpet) Russ Freeman (piano) Carson Smith (bass) Joe Mondragon (bass) and Shelly Manne (drums).
 Live is a live album by American hip hop artist and Wu-Tang Clan member Masta Killa released on March 30 2010 by Gold Dust Records. The album simply titled Live features performances with additional artists like Streetlife GZA Prodigal Sunn and Inspectah Deck.
 Live: Canterbury Comes to London is a live recording of the progressive rock band Caravan from 17 September 1997 being released 20 April 1999.
 Persia is an EP by The Church released in August 1984. The follow-up to February 1984's Remote Luxury Persia continues in a similar stylistic vein. Brighter in feel than its earlier companion EP it is usually regarded as the stronger of the two. While Remote Luxury heavily bore Steve Kilbey's stamp Persia features one track penned by guitarist Willson-Piper Volumes as well as a band composition Shadow Cabinet long a favorite among fans.
 My Truth is the second studio album by Swedish singer Robyn. It was released on May 17 1999 by BMG in Sweden and peaked at #2 on the Swedish Albums Chart.
 Janina is the third album of Puerto Rican singer Janina who became known after winning the first season of talent-reality show Objetivo Fama. The self-titled album was released on November 23 2009.
 The Grand Cayman Concert is the fifth official live album by American folk rock duo America released by the group in 2002. The concert consisted of Gerry Beckley and Dewey Bunnell performing a number of their hits in a stripped-down acoustic manner not seen since the early days when America performed as an acoustic trio. The concert was performed in the Cayman Islands the longtime home of former bandmate Dan Peek.
 My Father's Face is an album recorded by American guitarist Leo Kottke released in 1989. It is his second with producer T Bone Burnett.The same year as the release of My Father's Face Kottke would be featured in a PBS feature Home and Away.
 Just Keep Eating is the only full-length album by the Austin Texas noise rock band Scratch Acid. Although it was only released on vinyl it can be found as tracks 9-21 on the compilation album The Greatest Gift.
 What Am I Gonna Do About You is the eleventh album and second straight #1 album for Reba McEntire on the Billboard country charts containing two #1 singles What Am I Gonna Do About You and One Promise Too Late.The album debuted at #36 on the Country Albums chart for the week of October 25 1986 and peaked at #1 for the week of January 21 1987. It stayed at the top for 3 consecutive weeks.
 Let's Cheers to This is the second full length album by American post-hardcore band Sleeping with Sirens. It was released on May 10 2011 through Rise Records. The album's working title was Who Are You Now? being named after a Christian moral but it was renamed due to the album not having any religious attributes. The album is the first to feature guitarists Jesse Lawson and Jack Fowler. The first single Do It Now Remember It Later was released on April 7 2011.
 Aguirre is the seventh album by German progressive/Krautrock band Popol Vuh. It contains music used in the soundtrack to Werner Herzog's film Aguirre the Wrath of God (1972) first released as an album in 1975 on Ohr and reissued in 2004 by SPV with one bonus track. This score was the first of many filmic collaborations between the group and Herzog.
 Kirk Franklin & the Family Christmas is a studio album by Kirk Franklin.
 Three is an album by the American indie band The Black Heart Procession. It was released on September 5 2000 on Touch and Go Records.
 Mirror Ball is the twenty-second studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young and features members of Pearl Jam. It was released on June 27 1995 through Reprise Records. The album has been certified gold by the RIAA in the United States.
 Songs from Pete Kelly's Blues is a 1955 (see 1955 in music) soundtrack album by Peggy Lee featuring tracks by Ella Fitzgerald and several jazz instrumentals.It is the soundtrack to the 1955 film Pete Kelly's Blues which starred Lee and Fitzgerald.
 Badmeaningood Vol.4 is a compilation of tracks chosen and mixed by British turntablists Scratch Perverts. The album was released by Ultimate Dilemma an independent record label which was part of the NewsCorp Music Group before it was absorbed into A&E Records in 2003.
 Rip It Up was just another compilation release featuring tracks from the Vee-Jay Records vaults. All of the tracks had been previously available.
 Lou Reed Live is a live album by Lou Reed released in 1975. It was recorded at the same concert as Rock 'n' Roll Animal ; on December 21 1973 at Howard Stein's Academy of Music in New York.It features three songs from Transformer one song from The Velvet Underground & Nico (Reed's former band's debut album) and two songs from Berlin.
 Farewell is the fourth album released by the band Divinefire.
 Here is the third album by rap musician and producer of The Foreign Exchange Hip hop duo Nicolay. The album was self produced and mixed under BBE music. The album has collaborations from artists Darien Brockington Black Spade Wiz Khalifa and Sy Smith.
 Sky Islands is the second album by Jazz fusion group Caldera. It was co-produced by Earth Wind & Fire's keyboardist Larry Dunn.
 Sinister Beauty is the first studio album by American dance music production duo Windimoto.
 Scenic Roots is an album by the progressive bluegrass Maryland band The Seldom Scene.
 Live in Europe is the sixth album by trumpeter Dave Douglas his first live album and the third to feature his Tiny Bell Trio. It was released on the Arabesque label in 1997 and features performances by Douglas Brad Schoeppach and Jim Black.The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states The music often looks towards Eastern Europe folk melodies but maintains its ties with American jazz and is full of constant surprises.
 A Retrospective is the first compilation album by the American group Pink Martini released in September 2011 in the United Kingdom and the following month in the United States Australia and Canada. The album contains twenty-one tracks from six studio albums.
 Stoners Reeking Havoc is the Kottonmouth Kings' first EP-CD released on February 24 1998. The tracks have been known to be such a great success that the Kottonmouth Kings have put tracks 13 and 4 on their next three upcoming albums. The album does not contain much information for it is simply an EP to show off the band's music with a few singles.
 Permanent Signal is the second studio album by American musician Porcelain Raft. It was released in August 2013 under Secretly Canadian.
 Meet Me Again is the second Korean solo mini album of Kim Kyu-jong of South Korean boy band SS501. It was released as a limited edition on July 18 2012 by B2M Entertainment and distributed by LOEN Entertainment. The album was released in Taiwan by Warner Music Taiwan on August 17 2012 with a bonus DVD.
 Ethnic Stew and Brew is the fifth album by American jazz trumpeter Roy Campbell the third by Pyramid Trio which also included bassist William Parker and new member Hamid Drake replacing former drummer Zen Matsuura. The album was recorded in 2000 and released on the Delmark label.
 The London Concert is a live album by George Russell released on the French Label Bleu label in 1990 featuring performances by Russell with his Living Time Orchestra recorded at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in 1989. The Allmusic review by awarded the album 3 stars.
 Shut Up and Kiss Me is the sixth studio album by Canadian country music singer-songwriter Michelle Wright and was released on May 28 2002 on BMG Music Canada/RCA/ViK. Recordings.The title track Shut Up and Kiss Me (Or Just Shut Up) was originally recorded by Jamie Benson the former vocalist of the British pop band Hepburn in 2002 for her album My Confession.
 Mr Buechner's Dream is the title of a 2001 double album by the rock band Daniel Amos.Although the album includes over 30 songs the band did not set out to record a double album. I think Chris Colbert (the band's engineer) thought we were a little crazy.
 Le Mani Destre Recise Degli Ultimi Uomini (The Severed Right Hands of the Last Men) is the sixth album by the heavily conceptual American band Secret Chiefs 3 (operating here as Traditionalists one of the seven satellite bands introduced on Secret Chiefs 3’s album Book of Horizons). The album is a paranoiac soundtrack to an imaginary Giallo horror film.
 Levee Town is the 5th studio album by Sonny Landreth. Released on Sugar Hill Records Oct. 17 2000 and re-released in an Expanded Edition on Landreth’s own LandFall Records April 21 2009.
 Nueva Generación is the third studio album released by Puerto Rican Reggaeton artist Speedy.
 Randy Meisner is the self-titled debut album by Randy Meisner released in 1978 (see 1978 in music).
 A Maze and Amazement is the debut album by New Zealand post-rock band The Enright House released in May 2007 on A Low Hum Records.
 Out of the Darkness is the first solo album by the American guitarist Jack Starr released in 1984 through Passport Records in the US.
 Christmas EP is a digital Christmas EP released by Contemporary Christian musician Aaron Shust. It was released on October 21 2009.
 Son of Morris On is an electric folk album released in 1976 under the joint names of Ashley Hutchings Simon Nicol John Tams Phil Picket Michael Gregory Dave Mattacks Shirley Collins Martin Carthy John Watchem John Rodd The Albion Morris Men Ian Cutler and the Adderbury Village Morris Men.Like the previous Morris On (1972) and subsequent Descendant Of Morris On albums it features English Morris dance tunes and songs played with a combination of traditional instruments (concertina melodeon fiddle etc.) and modern ones (electric guitar bass drums). 
 Out Loud is the first studio album by the Japanese electronica/rock band Boom Boom Satellites. It was released on October 31 1998 originally by R&S Records in Europe and by Sony in Japan. A version was released under the Epic label in the US the following year. This US version includes 4 A Moment of Silence and Dub Me Crazy Ver. 02 where other versions do not. A two-disc vinyl release exists as does a limited edition CD version with slipcover and artwork inlay.
 Surrender is the third album by Jeff Deyo. It was recorded live at Parachute Music Festival 05.
 Vonray is the debut major label (Elektra Records) studio album by American rock band Vonray released on April 8 2003. This was Vonray's last released album. Vonray yielded the band's only success: the single Inside Out.
 Masty (literal English translation: fun) is the second album of Pakistani pop singer Ali Zafar. It was released on December 1 2006.
 Inside the Dub Plates is an album by New Zealand dub group Salmonella Dub released in 2001.Salmonella Dub employed their old engineer David Wernham (currently with Shihad) to record all their live instrumentation on this album as well as Paddy Free to boffin and co-produce.
 Profile is an album by American guitarist Pat Donohue released in 2005. Most of the songs are written in a ragtime blues style that showcase Donohue's skillful guitar playing. In addition to his own compositions Donohue also plays traditional blues songs such as Risin' River and Step it Up and Go.
 Frozen in Time is the 2005 (see 2005 in music) comeback album by American death metal band Obituary. It was the band's first album in eight years since 1997's Back from the Dead and the last to feature guitarist Allen West.Longtime contributor Scott Burns temporarily reunited with Obituary and became their producer for this album. It was 11 years since he co-produced Obituary's 1994 album World Demise.
 A Night at Birdland Vol. 3 is a 1954 jazz 10 LP release (BLP 5039) by Art Blakey Quintet for Blue Note Records. It was originally the third in a series of albums recorded during a pre-Jazz Messengers date at Birdland Jazz Club with Blakey leading. The three albums were repackaged as two 12 LPs in 1956 though a third 12 LP appeared much later containing previously unissued material. The CD re-issue repackaged the three LPs into two CD volumes.
 Drums Around the Corner is a jazz album by Art Blakey mostly recorded in 1958 but only released in 1999.The album is composed of two separate sessions. The main session recorded by Rudy Van Gelder at the Manhattan Towers NYC on November 2 1958 is a showcase for an all-star drumming lineup of Blakey Philly Joe Jones Roy Haynes and Ray Barretto (on congas).
 Vihma is Värttinä's 7th album released in 1998. It is primarily pop- and rock-influenced Finnish folk music. However three tracks (6 8 and 9) also include Tuvan throat singing.Vihma was initially released by Wicklow Entertainment in the United States and Finland. Later in 1998 it was released in Japan by BMG Japan. In the same year Emoton was released as a single in Finland.
 Isang Ugat Isang Dugo (Filipino One Vein One Blood) is the 8th studio album of the Filipino rock band Rivermaya. It contains 13 tracks and was released under Viva Records in 2006. Except for Isang Bandila which is being used as the theme song of Bandila a news and current affairs program on ABS-CBN the album contains covers of songs by some of the most influential Filipino Alternative Rock bands that commercially peaked in the 1980s.
 Before I'll Die is the second studio album by Polish band Blog 27 which was released on April 18 2008.
 Ocean of Confusion is the third 'best of' album by the Screaming Trees. The album chronicles their career from the time they signed to Epic Records until their final album Dust. The band's years on SST Records are represented on a separate earlier-released compilation Anthology: SST Years 1985-1989. The tracks on Ocean of Confusion were personally chosen by the band's lead vocalist Mark Lanegan and all other aspects of the compilation were overseen by Lanegan as well.
 Way Back Home: Live from New York City is a live album by The Wreckers. It is their second release and it was released on December 4 2007 by Warner Bros. Records. The release also features a DVD capturing the live concert. This album consists mostly of live rendition of the hits which appear on their debut album Stand Still Look Pretty as well as two new songs (Damn That Radio and Different Truck Same Loser) and a cover of a Michelle Branch original Love Me Like That.
 Utada Hikaru Single Collection Vol. 2 is Japanese pop singer-songwriter Hikaru Utada's second compilation album released on November 24 2010 the same day as her Universal-released English language compilation album Utada the Best. The album includes two discs with the first being a 13-track greatest hits album spanning 2004—2009 while the second is an extended play featuring new material.
 Mutations is a compilation album released by heavy metal band Fight in 1994. It features live recordings alongside studio remixes of songs from War of Words.
 The First Set is a live album by saxophonists Eddie Lockjaw Davis and Johnny Griffin recorded at Minton's Playhouse in 1961 and released on the Prestige label. The album was the second release from the recordings at Minton's after The Tenor Scene.
 Global Underground 024: Reykjavik is DJ mix album in the Global Underground series released by Boxed in 2003. It is mixed by Nick Warren and based on his performances in Reykjavík. The first CD is characterized by ambient and experimental sounds trip hop style beats and atmospheric reggae grooves as described by Progressive-Sounds.com. The second CD is much closer to the usual progressive house tracks put forth on the Global Underground series.
 Caca Bonita is the second EP by Californian rock band Papa Roach. It was released in 1995 recorded on a blue cassette tape. It consists of two demo tracks that would later be revamped for an almost completely different sound for their 1997 album Old Friends from Young Years.
 Season of da Siccness is the 1995 debut album by American West Coast hip hop artist Brotha Lynch Hung. It features grotesque and ultra-violent lyrics and disturbing creepy production. The album is distributed by IDN Distribution.[citation needed]
 Love Duets is a full-length English-language debut duet album by the Filipino TV host actress and singer Toni Gonzaga (her fifth album over all) and the Filipino-American actor singer songwriter and model Sam Milby (his third album) both under the management of Star Records.
 Solid Ball of Rock is the tenth studio album by heavy metal band Saxon released in 1991 (see 1991 in music).Five of the 11 tracks on Solid Ball of Rock were written by new bassist Nibbs Carter who co-wrote an additional three songs.
 The Ed Mitchell Clinic is the first album by the Tucson-based indie rock trio Mostly Bears having been released by Funzalo Records in 2008. The title of the album references the former British television personality Ed Mitchell and presumably the rehabilitation clinic that he attended in order to again work at Independent Television News.
 Grandpaw Would is the first solo album by Australian indie pop artist Ben Lee released in 1995.
 Pure Jerry: Merriweather Post Pavilion September 1 & 2 1989 is a four-CD live album by the Jerry Garcia Band. It contains two complete concerts recorded on September 1 and 2 1989 at the Merriweather Post Pavilion in Columbia Maryland.
 River of Time is the title of a studio album released by RCA Records in 1989 by the American country music duo The Judds. It features the singles Young Love (Strong Love) Let Me Tell You About Love One Man Woman and Guardian Angel. While the first two singles reached #1 on the country charts the latter two peaked at #8 and #16 respectively with Guardian Angel being their first single since 1983's Had a Dream (For the Heart) to miss Top Ten.
 Belafonte is the second studio by American recording artist Harry Belafonte released in 1955. The album became his first to debut at number one on the Billboard Top Pop Albums chart topping the chart for six weeks before being knocked out of the top spot by Elvis Presley's self-titled debut album.
 A Drum Is a Woman is a musical allegory by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington with many songs also written by Billy Strayhorn. It tells the story of Madam Zajj the personification of African rhythm and Carribee Joe who has his roots firmly in the jungle with his drums. Zajj travels out into the world seeking fame and sophistication and melds with the influences of cultures she weaves through the story which gives a brief history of the rise of Jazz and Bebop.
 The Marblehead Messenger is the third album by the band Seatrain recorded in 1971. As with Seatrain's previous album it was produced by George Martin.
 Singles Collection: The London Years is a compilation album by The Rolling Stones released in 1989. It was released as a 3-CD and a 4-LP set.
 Daddy Cool Live! The Last Drive-In Movie Show is the third album and the first live album by Australian rock band Daddy Cool released in Australia on Wizard Records in September 1973. It was recorded 13 August 1972 at Much More Ballroom in Melbourne Australia.
 Somos Gitanos is the tenth studio album by the Gipsy Kings. It was released in 2001 in the US Mexico and Japan with different song orders.The Mexican release has the bonus song One Love written by Bob Marley.The Japanese release also has the bonus song One Love written by Bob Marley as well as the songs Inspiration and Volare that appeared on Gipsy Kings and Mosaïque respectively.
 Glow in the Dark is a live album released by Roger Clyne and the Peacemakers. It was recorded live in Teaneck NJ and released on February 2 2009 and is only available in digital format via the band's website.
 Horror Show is the debut EP by Springfield IL rock band The Graduate. The album was self-produced and released independently in May 2006. After the CD's release The Graduate were signed to Icon MES Records.
 ...Acta Est Fabula is the debut album by the Polish gothic metal band Undish released on Massacre Records in 1997.
 No Sanctuary is an extended play by the British crust punk band Amebix. It was released on 26 November 1983 by Spiderleg Records.The EP was re-released as part of the compilation No Sanctuary: The Spiderleg Recordings in 2008 on Alternative Tentacles Records.The cover is a photograph of Polish mothers looking for their dead sons during the Second World War.
 Au-delà du délire is the third album by the French progressive rock band Ange released in 1974. The French edition of Rolling Stone magazine named this album the 73rd greatest French rock album (out of 100).
 All Hail to Thee is an EP by the band Znowhite.
 Dune is the first album by Japanese rock band L'Arc-en-Ciel. It was released in a limited edition on April 10 1993. The regular edition which contained the additional track Ushinawareta Nagame was available on April 27 of the same year. With the regular edition the band reached number 1 on the oricon indie chart on May 10.
 Chopped and Screwed is a compilation album by MC Breed featuring his greatest hits Chopped and screwed. It was released on July 30 2002 for Ichiban Records and was produced by MC Breed Ant Banks Warren G Jazze Pha Swift C Carlos Glover Colin Wolfe Erotic D and the 281 Boys.
 Afraid of Sunlight is Marillion's eighth studio album released in 1995. It was their last for EMI (who would however continue to release back-catalogue material on compilations and re-issues as well as distribute some later recordings). It was the first Marillion studio album to fail to reach the Top 10 in the UK Albums Chart peaking at number 16 and falling out of the Top 40 after two weeks.
 Nightwings is an album by guitarist Pat Martino which was recorded in 1994 and first released on the Muse label in 1996.
 Youm Aleek (Arabic: يوم عليك‎) is the last studio album by the late Tunisian Diva Thekra and was produced by Rotana on 2003.This album was the most successful Egyptian dialect album of Thekra ever. Rotana stated that the album was re-printed and re-released four times because it was out of stock due to its massive success.
 Fool Metal Jack is the tenth studio album by the Brazilian rock band Os Mutantes. Released in April 30 2013 by the US-based label Krian Music Group is a follow-up to Haih Or Amortecedor Os Mutantes' first studio album in 35 years.
 Surrey Crescent Moon is an album released in 2012 by New Zealand band Hello Sailor. It reached number 35 on the New Zealand music charts.
 The Scriptures was Christian Death's fifth album and is seen as an essay on comparative world religions. The liner notes state that the work is a translation of world beliefs by Valor. The album like Atrocities is split into two acts though later reissues would omit these subtitles. The first 10000 versions of the original LP record came with a free seven inch single containing two songs: Jezebel's Tribulation and Wraeththu.
 Nukleopatra is the sixth studio album from British dance music band Dead or Alive. Still a massive success in Japan Epic Records released Nukleopatra there in 1995. Left without a record contract in the UK and the US this album did not get released in other territories until years later. Nukleopatra was eventually issued on several different labels with varying track listings timings and album artwork.
 Not Animal is the second full-length album released by Margot and the Nuclear So and So's the first on Epic Records. It is being co-released with the band-selected version Animal!. It was recorded at Engine Studios in Chicago IL. Brian Deck produced the album and it was engineered by Neil Strauch.
 Mask is the seventh studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Aco released on 22 February 2006. It is a mini-album consisting of six songs and with a total playing time of 25 minutes.Mask marks a significant transition in Aco's style from ambient electronic sounds of her previous two albums Material and Irony to lighter electro-pop music.Track 3 is a cover of the song of the same name by The Waitresses.
 Blood Brothers is the third album from hip hop duo OuterSpace released on September 5 2006 by Babygrande Records. The album features guest appearances from Vinnie Paz of Jedi Mind Tricks Sheek Louch and Royce da 5'9. The album's lead single is Street Massacre b/w U Don't Like Me.
 Show Your Love is Taiwanese artist Jolin Tsai's (Chinese: 蔡依林) third studio album. It was released on 22 December 2000 by Universal Music Taiwan (環球唱片 (台灣)). Four versions of the albums were released. The tracks 你還愛我嗎 (Do You Still Love Me) is listed at number 30 on Hit Fm Taiwan's Hit Fm Annual Top 100 Singles Chart (Hit-Fm年度百首單曲) for 2001.
 Temperamental is the third album by Australian band Divinyls released in 1988 (see 1988 in music) by Chrysalis Records. Three singles were lifted from the album – Back to the Wall/Fighting (Aust #33 March 1988) their cover of Syndicate of Sound's Hey Little Boy/Para Dice (#23 July) and Punxsie/Victoria (October).Rehearsals began in Los Angeles in October 1986 with the band by then reduced to just singer Chrissy Amphlett and guitarist Mark McEntee.
 Here's To You is the fourth and final album by vocalist David Oliver.
 Words is the debut album of American R&B musician Tony Rich released January 16 1996 on LaFace Records. The album is produced written arranged and performed by Tony Rich. In 1997 the album won a Grammy Award for the Best R&B Album.
 Celebrate: The Three Dog Night Story 1965–1975 is a two-CD greatest hits album by American rock band Three Dog Night released in 1993 (see 1993 in music).
 The Superstars was the third album by Dutch soundalike studio group Stars on 45 released on the CNR Records label in The Netherlands in March 1982. In the US the album was retitled Stars On Long Play III released on Radio Records and credited to 'Stars On'. In the UK Ireland Australia and New Zealand the album was instead titled Stars Medley again credited to Starsound and released by CBS Records.
 Abrahadabra is Norwegian black metal band Dimmu Borgir's ninth studio album released in 2010. The first single from the album Gateways was released on August 20 in Europe and August 24 in North America. On September 14 a video for Gateways was released featuring Djerv front-woman Agnete Kjølsrud. On September 17 the song Born Treacherous was released on Dimmu Borgir's official Myspace for streaming.
 Young Tarang was the third music album of the duo sensation Nazia Hassan and Zohaib Hassan released in 1984. It is one of the most famous albums of Asia. It was the first Asian album to feature music videos. Amit Khanna directed Zara Chera Tu Dekhao Sunn and Dosti. He used three cameras to shoot the videos. After this the team went to London and recorded four videos with the famous set designer and director John King who was also the set designer of Michael Jackson's Thriller.
 I Wanna Be Your Pants is the third album by Huffamoose released in 2000.
 Guilt by Association Vol. 3 is a compilation album released November 15 2011 by Engine Room Recordings. Like its previous installments Guilt by Association Vol. 1 and Guilt by Association Vol. 2 Guilt By Association Vol. 3 features indie rock artists covering popular rock songs.
 Metropolis is the first LP from the band Swords but the third release from the group originally named The Swords Project.
 Unlucky 7 is an EP by singer/songwriter Glen Phillips. It is a compilation of six outtakes from the Winter Pays For Summer sessions and one track from a scrapped solo album from 2002. The EP was released shortly before his third full-length album Mr. Lemons. The EP is available both at concerts and online (CD format).
 Spirit is the tenth studio album of Japanese singer-songwriter Hitomi. The album was formally released on April 27 2011 under the independent label Maximum 10.Spirit features production from Advanced Alternative Media making this the first time that they work with a Japanese artist. Other western artists like Rivers Cuomo from Weezer Chuck Comeau and Pierre Bouvier from Simple Plan and Gabe Saporta from Cobra Starship collaborated in the album as well.
 Live at the Knitting Factory New York City is an album released on Mundo da Canção in 1990 by Telectu.
 Stardust is an album credited to jazz musician John Coltrane released in 1963 on Prestige Records catalogue 7268. It is assembled from unissued results of two separate recording sessions at the studio of Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack New Jersey in 1958. As Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s long after he had stopped recording for the label Prestige used unissued recordings to create new marketable albums without Coltrane's input or approval.
 Traumtänzer is the seventh studio album by the German Medieval folk rock band Schandmaul. It was released on 28. January 2011 on CD double vinyl record and as extended edition (containing the CD and a making of DVD).In cooperation with Fantasy author Wolfgang Hohlbein the track Geas Traum [Gea's dream] references his novel Infinity – Der Turm which was published in February 2011.
 Ocean Memories is an anthology album by Brazilian guitarist Bola Sete released in 1999 through Samba Moon Records. It contains his 1972 album Ocean on the first disc and unreleased recordings on the second.
 Expanding Anyway is the debut full-length album by Psychedelic rock band Morning Teleportation. The album was released on Glacial Pace Recordings on March 8 2011 on both compact disc and vinyl formats.
 It's Time is a 1962 album by jazz drummer Max Roach released on Impulse! Records and features trumpeter Richard Williams tenor-saxophonist Clifford Jordan trombonist Julian Priester pianist Mal Waldron bassist Art Davis and a vocal choir conducted by Coleridge-Taylor Perkinson. Singer Abbey Lincoln appears on Lonesome Lover.
 Songs in the Key of Eh is the first live recording from the Mad Caddies from a concert in Toronto Canada.
 Supercop is the soundtrack to the 1996 action film Supercop. It was released on July 30 1996 by Interscope Records and consisted of various types of music including alternative rock and hip hop. The soundtrack was not much of a success only making it to #133 on the Billboard 200 but Warren G and Adina Howard's cover of What's Love Got to Do With It made it #32 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #5 on the Hot Rap Tracks.
 Somewhere in Afrika is an album released in 1983 by Manfred Mann's Earth Band.
 Fireworks is the second full-length album by the Seattle indie band This Busy Monster. It was released in 2001 on the band's own label Barsuk Records.
 Portrait of Cannonball is the ninth album by jazz saxophonist Cannonball Adderley and his first release on the Riverside label featuring performances by Blue Mitchell Bill Evans Sam Jones and Philly Joe Jones.
 Promise and Terror is the fifth studio album by English heavy metal band Blaze Bayley released in 2010. It is the second studio album released by the band since they changed their name from Blaze. It is also the first Blaze Bayley album without a title track.
 WOW #1s: Yellow is a two-disc compilation album of thirty songs heralded as the biggest Christian hits of 2005-2010. It debuted at No. 9 on the Billboard Top Christian Albums chart.
 Snakes and Ladders is a studio album from Frank Tovey. It was first released in 1986. The original vinyl release of this album featured a largely acoustic version of his hit Collapsing New People which was subsequently removed from the CD re-issue. Some versions of the original album came with an additional EP that came with extra tracks recorded under Frank Tovey's pseudonym Fad Gadget which were retained for the CD re-issue.
 Phyllis Hyman is the self-titled solo debut studio album by American soul singer-songwriter Phyllis Hyman. It was released by Buddah Records in 1977. The album charted at #107 on the Billboard 200 chart of the singles released from the album: No One Can Love You More was the most successful charting at #58 in the Billboard Hot Soul singles chart.
 Dimosies Scheseis (Greek: Δημόσιες Σχέσεις; English: Public relations) is the sixth studio album by Greek singer-songwriter and record producer Nikos Karvelas released by CBS Records Greece in 1988. In 1996 a remastered version of the album was released.
 Live' Melt Down is the third live album released by the Japanese heavy hetal band Anthem and recorded during their Overload Live tour of 2003.
 Never You Mind is an album by The New Amsterdams recorded in March/April 2000 and released September 19 2000.
 Three Songs For Christmas is the extended play Christmas project by CuttyStang artist Rachael Lampa released in 2009.
 FabricLive.51 is a 2010 DJ mix album by The Duke Dumont. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Crash is the second studio album by Dave Matthews Band released on April 30 1996.The album has been certified 7× platinum.
 Ipos: Book of Angels Volume 14 is an album by the Dreamers performing compositions from John Zorn's second Masada book The Book of Angels.
 Wytches and Vampyres is a best-of compilation released by British goth rock band Inkubus Sukkubus.
 Make Yourself Sick is the full-length debut album from the emo/post-hardcore band Boys Night Out.
 This is the 2004 2CD reissue on Deep Shag Records of Sussman Lawrence's two rare indie albums—Hail to the Modern Hero! (1980) and Pop City (1984) entitled The Complete Sussman Lawrence (1979 - 1985) which includes four rare bonus tracks.
 Street Cinema is the first and only album by the Sporty Thievz.
 In an Off White Room is an EP by The Album Leaf released on Troubleman Unlimited Records in 2001.
 We Stitch These Wounds (formerly Alive & Burning) is the debut studio album by American rock band Black Veil Brides released through StandBy Records on July 20 2010. It is their only album to feature drummer Sandra Alvarenga before she left for the band Modern Day Escape.
 Street Sounds Electro 9 is the ninth compilation album in a series and was released 1985 on the StreetSounds label. The album was released on LP and cassette and contains eight electro music and old school hip hop tracks mixed by Herbie Laidley.
 Frampton Comes Alive! II is a 1995 live album by English musician Peter Frampton. It is a sequel to his 1976 multiplatinum album Frampton Comes Alive. The title is styled as Frampton Comes Alive II on packaging.The album contains live versions of many of the songs from his 1980s and 1990s solo albums consciously avoiding his 1970s hits.
 Are U Still Down: Greatest Hits is the greatest hits collection released by Epic Records to evict Jon B of the label.
 Bringer of Blood is Six Feet Under's fifth studio album. Bringer of Blood contains fan favorites such as Amerika the Brutal Murdered in the Basement When Skin Turns Blue and Bringer of Blood. The album achieved a peak position of number 22 on Top Heatseekers for two weeks and number 20 on Independent Albums.The German limited edition digipack CD in slipcase comes with a bonus DVD titled The Making of Bringer of Blood and two bonus tracks. (See Bringer des Blutes and Unknown)
 Bonk is the debut studio album by Australian rock band Big Pig. It was released in March 1988 on White Label Records. The album went gold then platinum in Australia with three top-twenty singles (Hungry Town Breakaway and Big Hotel). The album was released in America by A&M Records in 1988 and the music video for Breakaway was played on MTV. Breakaway was featured on the Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure soundtrack and Hungry Town on the Young Einstein soundtrack.
 Blood Rapture is the fourth album by Swedish death metal band Vomitory. It was released in 2002 on Metal Blade.
 Devil Rejectz 2: House of the Dead is a collaboration album between American rappers Ampichino and The Jacka. It peaked at #83 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. Devil Rejectz 2: House of the Dead includes guest appearances from T-Nutty Yukmouth Mistah F.A.B. Berner and Rydah J. Klyde amongst other artists.A music video has been filmed for the song Hustle In the Rain featuring Husalah & T-Nutty.
 Black Rooster EP is the debut EP by Indie rock band The Kills.
 Refuge is an EP by the German heavy metal band Rage released in 1992. The songs Bury All Life and I Want You was taken for bonus tracks for the Trapped!'s 2002 remaster and the songs On the Edge Dust and The Body Talks for Execution Guaranteed's 2002 remaster.
 Sailin' is a studio album by Kim Carnes released in 1976 (see 1976 in music). The record was recorded in part in Muscle Shoals Alabama with the famed Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section. Although this album hasn't been released on CD all of the album's songs can be found on the European CD Master Series.
 El Concierto Acústico is the first live album by Puerto Rican rock band Fiel a la Vega and their second album overall. The album was recorded at the Performing Arts Center in Guaynabo Puerto Rico during the concerts the band held from July 19-21 1997. It was released later that same year.The album is composed of acoustic versions of songs from the band's debut album as well as cover songs of some of the artists that influenced them like Roy Brown Silvio Rodríguez Leon Gieco and others.
 Songs from the Back of a Van is a compilation album by Dave House of B-sides covers alternate versions and remixes. The album was made to order on pre-order only and was used to raise money for House's US tour.
 Live Session EP (iTunes Exclusive) is a live EP by City and Colour released as a digital download on June 24 2008 via iTunes. It is part of a series of Live Session (iTunes Exclusive) releases.
 Tunguska is the title of English Progressive metal band Suns of the Tundra's (formerly Peach) second album released in early 2006.
 Mobile Estates is Citizen King's first (and only) major record release. Many songs off this album were used in pilot episodes and the series finale of Malcolm in the Middle. A remix of Better Days (And the Bottom Drops Out) was used in the movie Gone in 60 Seconds. The remix for Better Days along with Checkout Line can be found on a rare Japanese import.On many P2P sites the song Better Days (And the Bottom Drops Out)' is often falsely attributed to the band Sublime.
 Ćiki ćiki is the second studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Stoja. It was released in 1999.
 'Round Midnight is an album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1972 and released on the Fantasy label.
 Nightmoves is a 2007 jazz album by vocalist Kurt Elling. It was the first Elling album to be released by Concord Records.
 This article is about the original 7 vinyl EP edition of The Troubled Troubador. For the more widespread expanded CD edition please see The Troubled Troubador.The Troubled Troubador is a 7 EP by punk rock singer/songwriter and performance artist GG Allin on which Allin takes a deliberate excursion into country music.A longtime fan of Hank Williams Sr.
 Kiss Alive 35 is a series of 2 CD live albums each containing a recording of the complete set from a European show on the KISS Alive/35 World Tour from 2008. A second set of recordings are also planned to be available from the North American leg of this tour in Fall/Winter 2009.
 Brooklyn Bridge is the eponymous debut album from the American band The Brooklyn Bridge. It was released in 1968 by Buddah Records.
 Open the Eyes of My Heart is Paul Baloche's third studio album released in 2000.
 12 Picks is a greatest hits album by American hard rock guitarist/singer Ace Frehley. Songs 7–12 were recorded live at the Hammersmith Odeon London England on March 19 1988.
 Lost Treasures: Creatures of the Deep is the third and last album in the Lost Treasures series mixed by well-known trance DJ/producer Tiësto.It was released in 1997.
 Sound Mirrors is the fifth studio album by Coldcut. It was released in January 2006. Four singles were released from the album including the Top 75 hit True Skool with Roots Manuva.
 The Loop is the seventh album led by American jazz vibraphonist Johnny Lytle which was recorded in 1965 for the Tuba label.
 Barathrum: V.I.T.R.I.O.L. is the debut album of American black metal band Absu. It was released on December 1 1993 via Gothic Records and re-released in 1994 by Osmose Productions with three bonus tracks.
 For the Cool in You is the fourth album by American R&B musician and songwriter Babyface. The album was released on August 24 1993. The album reached number sixteen on the US Billboard 200 and at number two on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
 Live 1977 is a live album by The Fall first released in March 2000. Although the sound quality is slightly poor and live documents of The Fall are plentiful this one is of particular note as it is the earliest available recording of the group in action apart from two tracks on the Short Circuit: Live at the Electric Circus compilation.
 Spiritual Healing is the third album by death metal band Death released in February 1990. This album was out of print but it has been reissued by Relapse Records as of November 2012.This is the first of Death's albums to show Schuldiner's lyrics moving away from the gore and horror themes of previous works focusing instead on themes of society including abortion genetics and televangelism a direction that would be further refined on 1991's Human album.
 In Spheres Without Time is the debut album of the Norwegian gothic metal band Myriads.
 Balé Mulato (Portuguese for Mulatto ballet) is the eighth studio album by Brazilian axé/MPB singer Daniela Mercury released in 2005 in Brazil through EMI. Although it was not very successful in music charts it sold almost 700000 copies in Brazil.
 Luvanmusiq (Lovin' Musiq) is the fourth release by the singer-songwriter Musiq Soulchild the first under his contract with Atlantic Records. The lead single B.U.D.D.Y. was released to U.S. radio in late November 2006; it reached number two on the R&B chart and number 36 on the Billboard Hot 100. Following its release it entered the U.S. Billboard 200 at number 1 with 149774 copies sold. During the same week the second single Teachme entered the U.S.
 the Rebel Soul Sound System is the fourth full length album by Californian band The Dingees. The album was home recorded self produced & independently released free of charge on Jamendo. The album has been described as a refining of the bands aesthetic while remaining true to their roots.
 A Parcel of Steeleye Span full title A Parcel of Steeleye Span: Their First Five Chrysalis Albums 1972-1975 is a 2009 remastered box set of Steeleye Span's first five Chrysalis albums: Below the Salt Parcel of Rogues Now We Are Six Commoners Crown All Around My Hat.
 Christmas is Plus One's third album and first Christmas album. This is the last album to feature former band members Jeremy Mhire and Jason Perry. It was released on October 15 2002.
 The 1975 is the self-titled debut album by English alternative rock band The 1975. It was released on 2 September 2013 through Dirty Hit and Polydor. It was recorded with Arctic Monkeys collaborator Mike Crossey.On 8 September 2013 the album debuted at No. 1 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Greatest Hits Live is a live album by Boz Scaggs. It was released on August 17 2004 by Mailboat Records.
 777 – The Desanctification is the ninth full length album by French black metal band Blut Aus Nord. It was released on November 11 2011. It is the second album of the '777 Trilogy'.
 Montezuma Was a Man of Faith is an EP by Andy Prieboy released in 1991 (see 1991 in music). The EP cover is an original stained glass piece created by Judith Schaechter. The inner photograph and image on the CD are by Ann Marie Aubin. Montezuma Was a Man of Faith and Joliet previously appeared on the full-length album ...Upon My Wicked Son. Whole Lotta Love is hillbilly-fied recording of the Led Zeppelin song featuring an uncredited Johnette Napolitano from Concrete Blonde.
 The War Report is the influential debut album by rap duo Capone-N-Noreaga (C-N-N for short). The album features the classics L.A. L.A.; T.O.N.Y.; Neva Die Alone; Driver's Seat; Illegal Life; Capone Bone; Bloody Money; Closer; Iraq (See The World); and Noreaga's dedication to Capone Live on Live Long. Tragedy Khadafi was in many ways the mastermind behind the project and was at the time considered an unofficial third member.
 Boys Like Girls is the debut album from the band Boys Like Girls. It was released on August 22 2006 through Columbia Records/Red Ink. The album's lead single was Hero/Heroine which was followed by The Great Escape and the re-release of Hero/Heroine and then Thunder.The album has been certified Gold by the RIAA for over 500000 units shipped.
 Feel The Spirit is the fourth solo album by Leroy Hutson. It was released February 1976 on Curtom Records.
 Double Holy House is a live album of a solo piano concert by Cecil Taylor recorded live on September 23 1990 at The Bechstein Concert Hall in Berlin with added lyrics and percussion which were recorded on the previous day. The album was released on the FMP label.The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states Double Holy House begins with one of Taylor's most beautiful and haunting ballads constructed of minor thirds and diminished sevenths.
 Poison - Double Dose: Ultimate Hits is a double disc greatest hits compilation album released May 3 2011 by the Hard Rock band Poison to celebrate the band's 25th year Anniversary. The career-spanning collection features thirty five of the multi-platinum band's top hits and fan favorites.
 Silent '88 is second full length album by the Leeds England-based band Hood. Both the CD and LP versions were released on the Slumberland Records label in 1996.
 The One in the Middle is an EP by Manfred Mann released in 1965. The EP is a 7-inch vinyl record and released in mono with the catalogue number His Master's Voice-EMI 7EG 8908. The record was the number 1 EP in the UK number-one EP for 9 weeks during the summer of 1965. The cover picture was taken by Nicholas Wright.
 Out of the Cradle released in 1992 is the third solo album by American singer/songwriter Lindsey Buckingham. It was Buckingham's first album after his much-publicised departure from Fleetwood Mac in 1987 (though Buckingham rejoined the band in the mid-1990s). The album reached #128 on the Billboard album chart.
 Narita is the second album by the New York City heavy metal band Riot.This album was actually released only in Japan and available only as an import in the USA until it was finally released in the states about 5 months later in October 1979. It became out of print in the late 80's and was only being pressed in CD format in Japan in 1989 until the early 90's.
 Live in Japan is a Japan only live album by English rock and blues band 22-20s.The album was recorded on 30 November 2004 at Shibuya Club Quattro Tokyo and released on 28 March 2005.
 Pasiflora is the fourth full-length studio album by American rock band Constants. The album was released on July 24 2012 through The Mylene Sheath in CD and digital download formats. A limited edition vinyl pressing of the album will be made available on August 21 2012 through The Mylene Sheath as well. The album was recorded at Radar Studios using solar energy.
 Greatest Lovesongs Vol. 666 is the debut studio album by Finnish band HIM released November 20 1997. It was produced by Hiili Hiilesmaa and recorded at Finnvox MD and Peacemakers in Helsinki Finland. Guest vocals were provided by Sanna-June Hyde and Asta Hannula on (Don't Fear) The Reaper and For You respectively. The album has been certified platinum in Finland.
 Blue Prince is a 2001 album by the Belgian Jazz guitarist Philip Catherine. He was accompanied by Hein van de Geyn (double bass) Hans Van Oosterhout (drums) and Bert Joris (bugle trumpet.) The album was well received by Jazz critiques rosing Catherine's performance and saying that (he is) one of the finest guitarists on the globe.The album Blue Prince earned AMG Album Pick with four stars by Allmusic.
 Ektos Programmatos (Off The Road) is a live album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki and it was released in 1998 by Polygram Greece. The album includes old-time classic Greek songs that Eleftheria and her band used to play and sing during the breaks of their tours after the end of concerts etc...The album sold over 100000 copies in Greece and was certified Double Platinum.
 Break syndical is the fourth album by Québécois néo-trad band Les Cowboys Fringants.
 Tracks is a 12 vinyl collaboration between Bomb The Bass and Jack Dangers.
 Moon: Wings (月-WINGS Tsuki -Uingusu) is the 27th studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Miyuki Nakajima.In November 1999 it was simultaneously released with another album Sun: Wings which have similar concept. Both albums contains the songs written for the series of Yakai which had been her conventional plays performed over each December from 1989 through 1998. Moon is Nakajima's least successful studio album in terms of sales entering the Japanese charts for less than 1 month.
 Fifth (the title is Fifth the front cover shows the number 5) is a 1972 studio album by the Canterbury associated band Soft Machine.Fifth was the first Soft Machine album recorded after the departure of founding member Robert Wyatt and continued the band's trend from their original blend of psychedelic and progressive rock towards jazz fusion.
 Live was the second album by reggaeton singer and composer Wise released in 1998.
 Blood Money is an album by Tom Waits released in 2002 on the ANTI- label.The album contains songs written for the play Woyzeck based on the play of the same name by Georg Büchner. The theatrical adaptation was directed by Robert Wilson with whom Waits had worked on two previous plays: The Black Rider and Alice both of which resulted in soundtrack albums. The latter was released simultaneously in 2002 with Blood Money.
 Carnegie Hall is a live album by flautist Hubert Laws recorded at Carnegie Hall in New York City in 1973 and released on the CTI label.
 Gata de Noche (Night Cat) is the tenth album recorded by the Argentine rock band Vox Dei.In this album Ricardo Soulé returned to the band. It was Vox Dei's last album for the first era until their break-up in 1981.
 10 Years in Rage: The Anniversary Album is the eighth full-length album released by the German speed metal band Rage in 1994. It contains new material and previously unreleased tracks from the band's long career as well the re-recording of Prayers of Steel from Avenger's first album and a medley of Rage's fan favourite tunes. The album features guest appearances from all the musicians that had played in Rage. The album was remastered by Noise/Sanctuary in 2002 with five bonus tracks.
 Auf Deinen Schwingen is the seventh studio album from Austrian band L'Âme Immortelle.
 Another Time Another Place EP is Avalon's third EP release. It contains three songs that would be included in Another Time Another Place: Timeless Christian Classics.
 Zavičaj (Serbian for homeland) is the twelfth studio album by Zdravko Čolić released in 2006. The album was not released and distributed through a conventional record label but with the help of Telekom Srbija's mobile division mt:s. With the CD purchase you'd also get RSD100 prepaid mobile phone card as well as free internet for a month coupon. In the first two days after release the album sold more than 100000 copies.
 The Score – An Epic Journey is the third album of the Dutch symphonic metal formation Epica released in 2005. It is the film soundtrack to Joyride a Dutch production. Most of the songs of the album are purely instrumental except for four songs.
 See also Bow River Falls Banff on the Bow RiverBow River Falls is the 22nd album by trumpeter Dave Douglas. It was released on the Koch label in 2004 and features performances by Douglas Louis Sclavis Peggy Lee and Dylan van der Schyff.
 Supercluster: The Big Dipper Anthology is a 3-disc release by the band Big Dipper. The three disc set contains songs from the band's debut EP Boo-Boo and their first two full-length albums Heavens and Craps. In addition to those three releases the set also contains 15 tracks which were recorded after their final album Slam.The album's liner notes were written by Tom Scharpling of Scharpling and Wurster fame.The song Winsor Dam was covered by Gigolo Aunts on the Mrs.
 Released in 1998 Scripture: No Word Needed is the first album of a solo project called Scripture by French Canadian composer Jean-Pierre Isaac. It received a positive review from Canada's SEE Magazine. Track 10 Words Needed features a female singer only named Cusy (mistakenly written Cussy in the album). Not much is known about this singer other than that she is Italian and resides in Montreal Quebec Canada.
 Stampede of the Disco Elephants is the upcoming seventh studio album by American nu metal band Limp Bizkit. It will be Limp Bizkit's first studio album released under Cash Money Records and Republic Records and their first album to be released after DJ Lethal's departure in 2012.After the original line-up reunited in 2009 Gold Cobra was released in 2011. The band left Interscope and signed up with Cash Money Records in February 2012.
 Elemental is the second full studio album by the electronic body music/futurepop band Cesium_137. Released in 2004 it was the first release by the band after a three year break.
 The Quiet Hype is the electro-pop duo Jupiter Rising's third studio album and was released on March 17 2009 and is what they call their beat heavy dance album by Seventeen magazine.
 Odetta in Japan is a live album by American folk singer Odetta released in 1966. It was her final album with RCA Victor and is no longer in print.
 lovehatetragedy is the third album by Californian rock band Papa Roach. It was released on June 18 2002. A re-recorded version of the song M-80 (Explosive Energy Movement) was featured in the game Amplitude. The Song She Loves Me Not was featured in the game NHL 2003.
 Knife Man is the fourth full-length studio release by Andrew Jackson Jihad released by Asian Man Records on September 20 2011 with preordered albums shipped on September 6 2011. Initial vinyl pressings were done on black vinyl and limited to 1000. The album was recorded and mixed by Jalipaz Nelson at Audioconfusion in Mesa Arizona.
 History is the second studio album released by American CCM musician Matthew West. The album was released on Universal South Records on June 21 2005. While the entire album was produced by Kenny Greenberg and Jason Houser six of the tracks were written solely by West and the other five he co-wrote with the album's producers and others. Three radio singles were released off the album: Next Thing You Know Only Grace and History.
 Megales Epitihies (Greatest Hits) is a compilation album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki released in 1995. A compilation anthologizing most of Eleftheria's work up to 1995.
 Redbird is Heather Nova's eighth album released on August 30 2005. The album includes a cover of Chris Isaak's Wicked Game. The first track Welcome was also released in 2005 as a single in Europe. Welcome also appeared on the U.S./Canadian release of South. The album was produced by Nova's husband and long term producer Felix Tod except for Welcome which was produced by The Matrix. When talking about the album Heather has said:
 Les premières années (meaning The Early Years) is a compilation of Céline Dion's early French recordings. It was released on December 6 1993 in France and later in other selected countries.
 My Rock is the second studio album by Canadian reggae band Walk Off the Earth released on July 30 2010 through SlapDash Records. It contains two rerecorded remixed and remastered tracks that originally appeared on Smooth Like Stone on a Beach.
 Four depressive seasons is the debut album by Danish death metal band Illdisposed.
 Agitations is the third full-length album from punk rock band Cobra Skulls as well as their first full-length for Fat Wreck Chords. The album was released on September 27 2011.
 Sonny Stitt is an eponymous album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in Chicago in 1958 and originally released on the Argo label.
 The Worst of Jefferson Airplane is the first compilation album from the rock band Jefferson Airplane released in November 1970 as RCA Victor LSP-4459. The album features all of Jefferson Airplane's hit singles up to that point. It peaked at #12 on the Billboard 200 in 1971 and has since gone platinum.
 Lost Senses More Innocence is the first release by Metalcore outfit Nodes of Ranvier. It is an album brought out in 2002 under Facedown Records.
 Day For Night is the fourth studio album by American progressive rock band Spock's Beard.Tracks 8 through 14 on the album comprise the multi-part epic The Healing Colors of Sound. A CD single promoting the track Skin was subsequently released as well.The single contained 3 additional tracks: An edited version of The Healing Colors of Sound Can't Get It Wrong and also the Neal Morse track Lost Cause taken from his self-titled debut solo album.
 From the Coop is Buckethead's third special release. It consists of songs from early demo tapes that Buckethead recorded when he was around 19 years old and just starting to get serious with his guitar playing. As with Acoustic Shards this album is more of a specialty release rather than his latest studio effort.According to producer Jas Obrecht:The announcement of the release of the CD was made at Buckethead.tk a half official fan forum.
 No Promises is a compilation album by Australian rock band Icehouse.
 Den i Nok (Macedonian: Ден и Ноќ; English: Day and Night) is the debut album of the Macedonian pop musician Elena Risteska. Following the release of the album in 2003 Risteska garnered popularity in several Balkan countries. The album although only long enough to be an EP achieved a large amount of success in her native country of Macedonia with several songs from the album going on to become hit singles in their own right.
 Drive Inn is a collaboration album with Klaus Schulze and Rainer Bloss.There exists an album called Drive Inn II but despite the fact that Schulze's name is put on the cover it is a Rainer Bloss solo project. Furthermore there exists a Drive Inn III by Rainer Bloss. Klaus Schulze has nothing to do with it or any other of Rainer Bloss' solo recordings.
 Play It Loud is the first album by the British rock group Slade (and their first under this name having previously been known as The 'N Betweens and Ambrose Slade). It was released on 28 November 1970 but did not enter the charts.With very little promotion and advertising the album failed to reach a wide audience. The absence of a 'hit' single was also a factor in this.
 G3: Live in Denver is a live DVD of G3 the touring band in which Joe Satriani and Steve Vai invite another player to come tour with them. In 2003 Yngwie Malmsteen was the chosen one. Along with this DVD a double-CD album was released G3: Rockin' in the Free World. The DVD was recorded at the Fillmore Auditorium in Denver on October 20 2003. Despite the name on the DVD case when played the title that appears on screen is G3: Live From Denver rather than G3: Live in Denver.
 The Genius of Bud Powell originally titled Bud Powell's Moods is a studio album by jazz pianist Bud Powell released in 1956 by Mercury / Clef featuring two sessions that Powell recorded in 1950 and 1951.The album was re-released on CD by Verve in 1992 with two additional takes of Tea for Two. The sessions also appear on The Complete Bud Powell on Verve (1994) box set.
 Discography is a compilation album released by the American rock band Jesuit. Released on April 12 2011 through Magic Bullet Records the compilation features every song ever recorded by the hardcore punk group during their brief tenure in the mid 1990s. Jesuit recorded a demo tape two self-titled EPs and a Black Sabbath cover for a compilation album before disbanding in 1999.The album was generally well received from music critics.
 Volume 5 is the fifth in a series of live digital downloads of the band the Grateful Dead released by The Grateful Dead Productions. It was released on September 6 2005 and is a three disc set featuring all of the March 27 1988 show from the Hampton Coliseum in Hampton VA.
 The Parting Tide is a studio album by Nightnoise. The album was released by Windham Hill Records (WD-1097) in 1990.
 Green is the fourth album by American thrash metal band Forbidden.
 Everybody Knows is the third studio album by Canadian country music group Prairie Oyster and was released on September 19 1991 by RCA Records. The album was named Album of the Year by the Canadian Country Music Association in 1992.
 Pretend Or Surrender is Finnish band Lovex's second studio album released on 30.04.2008 in Finland. Album contains for example the song Take A Shot.
 And the Flying Boombox is the second album by Los Angeles rock band No More Kings. It was released May 12 2009.The album has already produced two singles Obey the Groove and Dance Alone
 Leningrad Cowboys Go Wild is a 2000 compilation album by the Leningrad Cowboys released in Germany.
 In Search of the Lost Divine Arc is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & the Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released by Important Records in 2013. The album is available on CD and as a deluxe blue vinyl double-LP limited to 200 copies.
 Sugarless Girl (stylized as Sugarless GiRL) is the eighth album by the Japanese electro duo Capsule released February 21 2007. The tracks Sugarless GiRL and Starry sky (now stylized as Starry Sky) are shorten versions of the songs on the single Starry sky (previously released on December 13 2006) and Reality (now stylized as REALiTy) is a remix from the single version.
 Scantropolis is the fifth full-length album by the speed metal band Scanner. It was released in 2002 by Massacre Records.
 It's Raining is the third studio album by South Korean pop and R&B singer Rain. The sales as well as success of the album established him as one of the top musical acts in Southeast Asia. It is also the first album that Bi (비) uses the English name Rain internationally (Bi (비) is the Korean word for Rain).
 Buhaina's Delight is a jazz album released by Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers in 1963. Produced by Alfred Lion the album was recorded in two sessions on November 28 1961 and December 18 1961 at the Rudy Van Gelder Studio in Englewood Cliffs New Jersey. The album was released by Blue Note Records in July 1963 after Blakey had moved to Riverside Records in late 1962.
 Your World Is Burning is a 2006 album by the Norwegian industrial music project Panzer AG.
 Must've Been High is the fourth studio album and the first cowpunk album by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers. It was released on March 25 1997 on Sub Pop records.
 Chromatography is a 2004 Post Trip Hop album by Second Person.This is the band's debut album and all songs were written by Julia Johnson and Mark Maclaine except Word for Word which also credits Ed Webber and Tristan Kajanus Demons Die which also credits Álvaro López and Divine which was written by Julia Johnson. The album was recorded produced and mixed by Mark Maclaine (aka The Silence) at The Silence Corporation Studios London.
 I Am Not A Freemdoom is the second album by Masters of the Hemisphere released in 2000 on Kindercore Records. It is a concept album containing a comic book for which the songs provide the soundtrack.
 Ys is the second studio album by the Italian progressive rock band Il Balletto di Bronzo. It was released in 1972.
 Atom-Powered Action! was the first Bis release on label mainstay Wiiija Records. It could be up to debate as to if this release is a single or an EP considering that Starbright Boy showed up on the The New Transistor Heroes album. It was released on 7 inch vinyl cassette tape and compact disc.
 La Masquerade Infernale (the title meaning the infernal masquerade in French) is a 1997 album by Arcturus. Released by Misanthropy Records the album is a huge step away from the slow doom-influenced melodic black metal of Aspera Hiems Symfonia. The album has a dark sound to it featuring heavy use of synthesizers and samples often making those elements more prominent than the guitar. Most of the songs revolve around the themes of theater literature and Satan.
 The debut release from this Los Angeles outfit. Consisted ex members of the defunct Warner Bros. artist Schleprock.
 Tiësto in Concert is a DVD of Tiësto's concert on May 10 2003 at the Gelredome in Arnhem Gelderland Netherlands when he performed before an audience of over 25000 peoplethe concert was divided into parties with live performances of groups bands and artists representaror to a country which in turn representing a continent in the following order: In the presentasion Tiesto intro followed by live performance by singer Andain presented to Britain Europe a group of carnival Sanba presented to Brazil South America the singer's live performance and band Dinand Woesthoff Star Spangled Banner presented to the United States of America North America the Chinese group I play the theme Tiësto in Concert Asia presented to China Asia after the live performance by singer Jan Johnston after the live performance of Omar Ka & Fula Band presented to Africa in general and finally the live performance of Jonge & Beijerink Presented to Australia Oceania.
 Twilight Town is the second and final album by American country music singer and former American football player Mike Reid. It was released in 1992 via Columbia Records. It includes the singles Keep On Walkin' and Call Home which respectively reached #45 and #43 on the U.S. country singles charts.
 Bass Culture is an album by dub poet Linton Kwesi Johnson released in 1980 on the Island Records label. It was produced by Linton Kwesi Johnson and Dennis Bovell (credited as Blackbeard).The track Reggae fi Peach laments the death of Blair Peach an activist who was killed in London during a clash with police officers while protesting with the Anti-Nazi League against a British National Front meeting in 1979.
 Easy Does It is the second studio album by American country music singer Jake Owen. It was released on February 24 2009 by RCA Records Nashville. It includes the Top 10 hits Don't Think I Can't Love You and Eight Second Ride. As with his first album Easy Does It is produced by Jimmy Ritchey with whom Owen co-wrote several of the songs. It has sold 120000 copies as of November 2009.
 Songs for John Doe was the 1941 debut album and first released product of the Almanac Singers an influential early folk music group. The album was released in May 1941 at a time when World War II was raging but the United States remained neutral. The Soviet Union and Nazi Germany were still at peace as provided by the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact.
 Bat Meets Blaine is the debut full-length collaboration between Chicago-based rapper Qwazaar of the group Typical Cats and Berlin-based producer Batsauce. The album was released on September 13 2011 on Galapagos4. It is the follow-up to their debut EP Style Be the King released the previous July.
 Intention Surpassed is the second Defecation album released in 2003 on Nuclear Blast Records. It features Mitch Harris on all instruments and vocals.
 Southside Story 2: International is a New Zealand compilation album released by Dawn Raid Entertainment in 2001.
 Go Power! is a live album by saxophonist Illinois Jacquet recorded in Massachusetts in 1966 and released on the Cadet label.
 Live at the Town Crier is a live recording of Gandalf Murphy and the Slambovian Circus of Dreams' August 25 2000 show at the Towne Crier Cafe in Pawling New York. This is a two disc album which contains the songs from the show and some of the introductions. This album is currently out of print but is available through iTunes.
 DGQ-20 is a 1996 compilation album by American musician David Grisman recorded with his group David Grisman Quintet. Spanning the period from 1976 to 1996 this triple-CD set offers 39 songs 18 of which were not released by Grisman before. Musicians include Tony Rice Béla Fleck Sam Bush Mark O'Connor Stephane Grappelli and others.The album includes both live and studio performances and contains collaborations with Svend Asmussen Jethro Burns Vassar Clements and others.
 The Peopletree Sessions is an electronic/folk-rock album by Emit Bloch and Milla Jovovich recorded in 1998 during several late night sessions at Bloch's apartment in Los Angeles. The album was originally issued on Bloch's People Tree Recordings label from which it derives its name.Shortly after its original issuance Jovovich and Bloch publicly disagreed about the releases' legitimacy.
 Queen of Denmark is the debut solo album by former The Czars frontman John Grant released on April 19 2010 on the Bella Union label. Queen of Denmark is a collaboration between Grant and American folk rock band Midlake and produced by Grant himself in collaboration with Midlake members Paul Alexander and Eric Pulido. It was recorded over two four-months periods July to October 2008 and May to July 2009 in Midlake's recording studio in Denton Texas.
 The Kylie Collection is a re-release by Australian pop singer Kylie Minogue of her debut album Kylie. It was released as a double 12 LP by Mushroom Records in 1988 in Australia and New Zealand. The album included the original 10 songs as well as remixes of her popular single releases. It was also released on VHS in Australia only in 1988.
 Deliverance is an album by the Australian rock band You Am I released in 2002.Tim Rogers later said of the album We just wanted 3-minute songs about being in love and rooting and loving being in a rock 'n' roll band and I think everyone associated with us absolutely hates it.
 The Collection is the third of four compilation albums by the British alternative rock band James. Released in 2004 almost three years after the band separated in December 2001 it contains an unusual mix of hit singles key album tracks B-sides and some rarer tracks making the release useful for collectors.
 Poison Ochs: A Tribute to Phil Ochs is a tribute compilation to the music of the late Phil Ochs. Ochs' songs which are generally thought of as folk music and folk rock are performed by musicians associated with indie rock and experimental rock.Poison Ochs was released in 2003 by Wood Records. All profits from the album's sales were distributed to Amnesty International.
 Multiplicity is a 2005 studio album by American drummer Dave Weckl.
 Through Yourself & Back Again is the second studio album by American rock band Thriving Ivory. The lead single from the album Where We Belong was released on May 10 2010 via a special limited time YouTube video. The next day May 11 the single was released on iTunes and in stores everywhere May 19. On July 16 the band released the track listing via their Twitter account.The title of the album comes from the second verse of the song Moonlight.
 Beside Myself was Ray Stevens' twenty-sixth studio album and his sixth for MCA Records released in 1989.
 Virgo Blaktro and the Movie Disco is an album by Felix da Housecat his first studio album since Devin Dazzle & the Neon Fever in 2004. It was released on October 2 2007 on Nettwerk Records. The album spans several musical genres including electronic house music funk soul and pop.
 Live at Yankee Stadium is a 1969 live album by The Isley Brothers released on their own T-Neck imprint. While the Isleys appear in this live album it's actually a live showcase by the group to conjoin artists that signed to their T-Neck label and Buddah Records-associated acts including Judy White the girl group Sweet Cherries the gospel group the Edwin Hawkins Singers and the family soul group the Five Stairsteps.
 Inhale is the fourth studio album of the Greek synthpop duo Marsheaux. It features 1980s-style synthpop.
 E.S.P. is the Bee Gees' seventeenth original album (fifteenth worldwide). Released in 1987 it was the band's first studio album in six years and the first album they released under their new contract with Warner Bros. It marked the first time in twelve years the band had worked with producer Arif Mardin and was their first album to be recorded digitally.
 Ella Fitzgerald's Christmas is a 1967 studio album by Ella Fitzgerald. This was her second and last Christmas album. Unlike her previous Christmas album (which was almost completely secular) this album consisted of only religious Christmas songs. It was her second album for Capitol Records the album charted at #27 on Billboard's Holiday Albums chart.
 Buried Alive is a live album and the third album fromSwedish progressive rock group Änglagård. It wasrecorded 1994 in Los Angeles at Progfest. This was their very lastperformance before the break-up.
 Go Back is the first live album released by Brazilian rock band Titãs and the only one that has not been linked to MTV. It was recorded at the 1988 Montreux Jazz Festival. The band was introduced as: Titãs the best Brazilian rock band welcome to Montreaux Titãs! by the presenter of the festival as can be heard on the very beginning of the first track.
 Running Wild is the fifth studio album by the British heavy metal band Girlschool released on Mercury Records in 1985. It is the only studio work released as a five-piece group by Girlschool after singer and lead guitarist Kelly Johnson had left the band. Vocals duties on the album are shared by Jackie Bodimead and Kim McAuliffe. Running Wild was released only in America. It was produced by Nick Tauber previously known for his work with Thin Lizzy Marillion and Toyah.
 Golden Era Mixtape 2012 is a mixtape by all artists signed to Australian Hip hop label Golden Era Records. It was released as a free download on 30 January 2012 on the Golden Era Records website. The mixtape was launched on Triple J's Hip-Hop show.
 The Not Gonna Love EP is a four track EP by the American band Sherwood sold during live shows during the Summer of 2009 starting in mid-July. The EP also was included as part of the band's pre-sale for their upcoming CD QU.
 Fast Forward is the fourteenth album by the American jazz group Spyro Gyra released in 1990 on the GRP label. This album reached #1 on Billboard's Contemporary Jazz chart.On this album only the band was billed on the album cover as Spyro Gyra Featuring Jay Beckenstein.
 In God We Trust is a studio album by the The Mermen.
 Smoko at the Pet Food Factory is a 2011 album by the Australian punk band Frenzal Rhomb. It was recorded in Colorado USA with Bill Stevenson as producer and was released in Australia on Shock Records on August 19 and in the USA on Fat Wreck Chords on October 11.
 Omnibus is a 2006 compilation of songs from the Montana band Tarkio.
 Kollaps Tradixionales is the sixth full-length album by the Canadian post-rock group Thee Silver Mt. Zion under the name Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra. The album was released in February 2010 on Constellation Records. The songs I Built Myself a Metal Bird I Fed My Metal Bird the Wings of Other Metal Birds and There Is a Light were played on earlier tours.For this album the band started a blog on their official website.
 Whatchamacallit is the third album by Shellac drummer Todd Trainer's Brick Layer Cake solo project.
 Interpol is the third EP release by New York post-punk revival band Interpol. It was released on 4 June 2002 and was the band's first release on the Matador Records label.
 Dead Flowers Bottles Bluegrass and Bones is the sixth full-length album by Californian punk rock band Swingin' Utters.
 Me and Mr. Johnson is the 16th studio album by Eric Clapton released in 2004. The album is a tribute to legendary bluesman Robert Johnson. According to Clapton's autobiography the recordings weren't intended to become an album. The band had rented the studio but Clapton didn't have any songs written so he suggested they record Robert Johnson songs. They recorded enough songs for an album and it was decided to release them as such.
 The Fucking Cunts Treat Us Like Pricks is an album by UK anarcho-punk band Flux of Pink Indians. It was released as a double album on the band's own Spiderleg Records in 1984 as the follow-up to their debut Strive to Survive Causing Least Suffering Possible.The album was banned by several major retailers including HMV due to its sexually explicit title and cover art.
 The Atomic Mr. Basie (originally called Basie also known as E=MC2 and reissued in 1994 as The Complete Atomic Mr Basie) is a 1958 album by Count Basie and his orchestra. The album is one of Basie's most famous and is critically acclaimed.
 The Way Out Is Broken is the fourth and final release from New Jersey band Armor for Sleep. It is exclusively a digital download EP and has not been released on a physical medium. The EP features b-sides and new songs that would have been on their follow up to Smile for Them. Fans could purchase a download card from Armor for Sleep during the later dates of the 2008 Projekt Revolution tour allowing them to download the EP on the day of its release.
 The Bulls & The Bees is an EP by the sludge metal band Melvins. It was released on March 13 2012 through Scion A/V for free download. It was also released as a free CD for their May 2012 tour with Unsane and released as a 10 vinyl later that year for the 51/51 tour.
 Open Letter is the third album by the English big band Loose Tubes that was released on the EG label in 1988.
 Old Train is the fourth album by the progressive bluegrass Maryland band The Seldom Scene. The album offers the group in their original lineup and features their trademark songs Wait A Minute Old Train and C & O Canal. The record is a mixture of progressive traditional bluegrass and folk material and also features guest musicians as Ricky Skaggs on violin or Linda Ronstadt on vocals..
 Demon Box is the third full-length studio album by Norwegian rock-band Motorpsycho. Released in 1993 it saw the band earn their name as one of the most important bands in Norway.
 Guilty the debut EP by Norwegian band Octavia Sperati was released in 2002.
 Indispensable is the nineteenth studio album by Mexican singer Lucero. The album was released on 21 September 2010 in the United States and Mexico. It debuted at number 1 on iTunes the same date of its release it became Lucero's first number 1 album on that list. The first single from the album Dueña de tu Amor (Eng: Owner of your love) is part of the soundtrack of the #1 telenovela in Univision Soy tu dueña.
 Oh for Joy is the first holiday studio album and tenth album overall from Christian rock/praise & worship group David Crowder Band and was produced by the band as well. The album was released on October 4 2011 by sixstepsrecords and has attracted generally positive critical attention.
 The Essential Lou Reed is a compilation album by Lou Reed released in 2011 by RCA Records. The album features classic Lou Reed solo work and songs from his 60's band VELVET UNDERGROUND
 The Singles Volume Three: 1964–1965 is the third compilation in a series of releases by Hip-O Select Records compiling the singles of James Brown. This compilation features all 7 single releases including re-issues and canceled singles.
 I Cry I Smile is the second full-length studio release from noted R&B/soul songwriter/producer Narada Michael Walden. Released in 1977 on Atlantic Records it marked the first time Walden himself took on the bulk of the production duties; as stated on the back of the record jacket: Produced by Narada Michael Walden.
 Private Transport is the first album by The Guild League released in 2002 on Candle Records (catalogue number TGL02). Travel and a celebration of the everyday are recurring themes.
 Share The Love is a contemporary new age music relaxation album by Sri Lankan Spiritual Music Composer Rev.Bibiladeniye Mahanama released on March 10 2014. These twelve meaningful well researched music compositions are mainly for the concentration of the human mind and its theme “Share The Love” was adapted for the sole purpose of to love the environment as thyself.
 Synchronicity is Bennie K's third album.
 Where the Wild Things Are: Motion Picture Soundtrack: Original Songs by Karen O and the Kids is the soundtrack for the film Where the Wild Things Are. It is performed by Karen O and the Kids. It was released on September 29 2009 in compact disc digital download and vinyl record formats.
 Apart is the seventh album by composer Paul Schütze released in 1995 through Virgin Records.
 Sequencer released in May 1996 is the second full-length album by the Swedish musical group Covenant. In March 1997 a second edition by the name Sequencer: Beta was released containing an additional track.In the USA the album was released in 1997 on the 21st Circuitry label [1] and again in July 1999 on Metropolis Records [2].
 Sacrifice to Survival is the third studio album from death metal band Skinless.
 Every One of Us is an album by Eric Burdon & The Animals. It was released in 1968 on MGM Records.
 Reset Speed is the debut EP by New Zealand band Marystaple released in 2002.
 Trypes ston paradeiso ('Holes in Paradise') is the third album of the band Trypes. It was recorded during November and December 1989 and April 1990 and released in 1990 on LP and MC. It was re-released on CD in 1991.
 Flirt is the ninth album released by R&B singer Evelyn Champagne King on the EMI-Manhattan label in 1988. It was produced by Leon Sylvers III Teneen Ali Ron Have Mercy Kersey Alex Brown Wah Wah Watson Evan Rogers and Carl Sturken.
 Mandala is an album by Kitarō released in 1994. This is his first studio album for Domo Records. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1994 for Best New Age Album.
 Fuzzy Warbles Volume 2 is the second volume in the Fuzzy Warbles series released in December 2002. The Fuzzy Warbles Series brings together demos rarities and side projects from XTC founding member Andy Partridge.
 The Other Side is the second album by hip-hop duo The Outhere Brothers released in 1998.
 Waiting For The Sonic Boom is the debut album by Ooberman side-project Ooberon. It was recorded by Andy and Steve Flett mostly at the latter's home in Wavertree Liverpool. It includes contributions by Ooberman members Dan Popplewell and Sophia Churney as well as former Ooberman drummers Jaymie Ireland and Alan Kelly.
 Detroit is the fourth mixtape by American rapper Big Sean. The album was released for free download on September 5 2012 by Kanye West's G.O.O.D. Music. Detroit features guest appearances from fellow rappers J. Cole Juicy J King Chip French Montana Royce da 5'9 Kendrick Lamar and Tyga - along with track narrations by Common Young Jeezy and Snoop Lion. Wale and Wiz Khalifa are also featured in the bonus tracks.
 BBC Sessions by The Who was released 15 February 2000 on Polydor Records internationally and MCA Records in the US. It contains 24 songs and two jingles recorded live at the BBC studios in London.With the exception of the jingles being used to bookend the album and the third track being misplaced The Who's recordings are presented in chronological order.
 Up on the Ridge is the fifth studio album by American country music artist Dierks Bentley. It was released on June 8 2010 via Capitol Records Nashville. It produced two singles on the Hot Country Songs chart in 2010.
 Nawal 2000 is a 2000 album by the singer Nawal El Kuwaiti.
 Baby Teeth is the first full-length album by the Screaming Females. The band recorded it themselves and also self released it on CD in 2006 and vinyl in early 2007.
 Soliluna is a Duet Studio album by the Latin Jazz Mexican Singers Magos Herrera and Iraida Noriega.
 House of Gold & Bones – Part 1 is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Stone Sour and is the first of two consecutive albums to feature the House of Gold & Bones concept. Its reprises are featured on the second House of Gold & Bones album which was released on April 9 2013. It is the first Stone Sour album without bass player Shawn Economaki who left the band in 2012.
 Total Strife Forever is the debut album by the electronic musician East India Youth. It was released on January 13 2014 by Stolen Recordings.
 The Best Year of My Life was the ninth studio album of Country music artist Eddie Rabbitt. It was released in 1984 under the Warner Bros. Records label but the rights to the album have since been sold Liberty Records. The album marked the end of Rabbitt's crossover-success.
 Straight Up with a Twist is the fifth full-length album and the first jazz album from Kristine W released on September 14 2010. The first single sent to radio Feel What You Want was released to jazz stations on August 6 2010.
 Mycale: Book of Angels Volume 13 is an album by the vocal group Mycale performing compositions from John Zorn's second Masada book The Book of Angels. Ayelet Rose Gottlieb stated We've been told that we have managed to create our own language within this a cappella quartet ... the foundation is our music are the compositions of John Zorn which in this case are melodic tunes based on the jewish scale ...
 Hangin' On is a 1968 album by Waylon Jennings on RCA Victor. It features the song I Fall in Love So Easily.
 For Swedish singer Eric Saade's similar titled album see Forgive Me (Eric Saade album) Forgive Me is the second studio album by Swedish Muslim singer-songwriter Maher Zain was released on April 1 2012 by Awakening Records.
 Kamikaze Missions is an album by American hardcore band Backstabbers Incorporated. It was their second release for Trash Art! (the first was an EP entitled While You Were Sleeping from 2001) and it is their first full-length release made up entirely of new material. The album featured a notable expansion of their style that now incorporated a more diverse array of extreme metal and hardcore influences in longer song structures. It was the band's final release.
 Tupelo Honey is the fifth solo album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison. It was released in October 1971 by Warner Bros. Records. Morrison had written all of the songs on the album in Woodstock New York before his move to Marin County California except for You're My Woman which he wrote during the recording sessions. Recording began at the beginning of the second quarter of 1971 at the Wally Heider Studios San Francisco.
 Vicious Circle is the fourth studio album released in 1995 by L.A. Guns. Most of the songs have Phil Lewis on lead vocals but the track Nothing Better to Do features Kelly Nickels on lead vocals and Tarantula is instrumental. MC Bones drums on several songs. Lewis and Bones also played together in the band Filthy Lucre. Filthy Lucre bandmates Steve Dior and Jim Wirt sing backing vocals on several songs.
 Sewn to the Sky is the first album by Bill Callahan (also known as Smog) released in 1990 on Disaster Records. It was later re-released on Drag City and manifested Callahan's importance for the lo-fi music in the early 1990s. This highly experimental album combined home recording substandard instruments and repetitive and noisy songwriting structures for what was later called the pioneering of the lo-fi genre.
 Walt Disney Presents Burl Ives' Animal Folk (Disneyland ST 3920 1963) is one of several albums for children by the folk singer Burl Ives.There is a full-color booklet inserted between the gatefold covers of this album. The booklet is lavishly illustrated with selected song lyrics and cartoon representations of Ives interacting with the animals in the songs.
 What I'm For is the title of a studio album by American country music artist Pat Green. It was released on January 27 2009 (see 2009 in country music) on BNA Records and produced by Dann Huff. The album is his second for BNA and his eighth overall. Lead-off single Let Me has charted in the Top 20 on the Hot Country Songs chart peaking at No. 12.
 Now That's What I Call 80s Dance or Now 80s Dance is a triple-disc compilation album which was released in the United Kingdom on 14 October 2013. It includes nearly 60 of the biggest dance anthems of the 80s era.
 Vitalogy is the third studio album by the American grunge band Pearl Jam released on November 22 1994 through Epic Records. Pearl Jam wrote and recorded Vitalogy while touring behind its previous album Vs. (1993). The music on the record was more diverse than previous releases and consists of aggressive rock songs ballads and several experimental tracks.Vitalogy was packaged in a booklet that replicated material from a 1920s medical book of the same name.
 Crime Slunk Scene is the eighteenth studio album by Buckethead and the fourth tour-only album. It was originally only sold on his 2006 tour but was later made available on Travis Dickerson's record label TDRS music until it eventually went out of print. The track Soothsayer has become one of Buckethead's more popular songs and is very frequently played live.The demand for the album was still very high and eventually Travis Dickerson decided to attempt a re-pressing of the disc.
 Escape from Havana is the debut album by rapper Mellow Man Ace released in 1989. The album also features the popular single Mentirosa which reached number 14 on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Crossroads Motel is a 2005 album by the Sonny Moorman Group.
 The Flam is an album by American jazz saxophonist Frank Lowe recorded in 1975 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 The Walker Brothers' Story is a compilation album by the American pop group The Walker Brothers. It was released in soon after the group's dissolution in mid-1967 and reached number nine on the UK Albums Chart.Unusually for a greatest hits compilation the album does not include all of the group's major hits. The group's breakthrough single Love Her is notably absent. The UK and German editions of the album have differing track listings.
 Home This Year is the sixth album by rock band Virginia Coalition.
 Zoo Is Sad People Are Cruel is a 14 track compilation album by the Hong Kong indie pop group my little airport released in 2007 by Spain-based label Elefant Records. Nearly all the tracks are selected from the two previously released studio albums of My Little Airport except When I Listen To The Field Mice and Mountaintop Doll Lollypop (山頂公仔波板糖).
 Eternamente (English Endlessly) is the 16th studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel. It was released on 2000. This material shows a nostalgic Ana Gabriel where she pays tribute to the Bolero's fathers Los Panchos and Los Diamantes. It was recorded at Sony Studios Mexico.
 Knock on Wood – The Best of Amii Stewart is a compilation album of recordings by Amii Stewart released in 1996. The compilation mainly covers material from her early disco career and albums Knock On Wood and Paradise Bird both from 1979. This compilation was one of the first to use the original versions of Amii Stewart's hits instead of the 1985 remixes from album The Hits with one exception - the duet My Guy/My Girl which originally was recorded with Johnny Bristol.
 1234 is Ronnie Wood's fourth solo album; it spent five weeks on the Billboard 200 and peaked at number 164.
 Popular Favorites is the second studio album by the Oblivians. It was released in 1996 on Crypt Records.
 Barratt is the title of the only solo album released by Norman Barratt. Barratt was previously a member of the Alwyn Wall Band and the Barratt Band. In 1984 following the breakup of the Barratt Band he released a worship album Rock for all Ages with Dave Morris the Barratt Bands keyboard player.
 Crown of Creation Meets Friends is the second album released by West German synthpop/pop group Crown of Creation. It was released in January 1998 and produced by Matthias Dorn and Philippe Beaucamp.
 The Beginning of the Enz is a 1979 release from New Zealand rock group Split Enz. The album is a collection of songs from the early days of the band.
 Privilege is the fifth album by English punk new wave band Television Personalities.
 Five out of Five (Live in Japan) is a live album by hard rock group Talisman recorded in Kawasaki Japan on September 27 1993.
 11000 Clicks is a DVD release from the musical group Moloko and their final release other than the compilation album Catalogue. It was recorded at Brixton Academy in London and also contains a documentary titled Ed's Film filmed by Eddie Stevens which contains footage shot by the band both backstage and on location.
 Afterglow is the first box set compilation by Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) released in 1990 with liner notes by music critic and editor Ira Robbins of Trouser Press fame.
 Blast Tyrant is the sixth full-length studio album by the American stoner rock band Clutch. It was released in 2004 and contains 15 tracks. The unabridged title of the album is Blast Tyrant's Atlas of the Invisible World Including Illustrations of Strange Beasts And Phantoms.A reissue of the album was released on May 10 2011 through Clutch's own label Weathermaker Music. The reissue contains the original album along with a second bonus disc entitled Basket of Eggs.
 A Modern Way of Living with the Truth is the fourth and currently final studio album by The Exies. It was released on May 15 2007 by Eleven Seven Music.
 As Long As I Love is a 1970 album by singer-songwriter Dolly Parton and the first compilation album of her career. This album consisted of previously unreleased tracks Parton had recorded while at Monument (she left the label in 1967 after having released only one album to sign with RCA).
 Chippy also known as Songs from Chippy is an album by Terry Allen Joe Ely Butch Hancock Robert Earl Keen Wayne Hancock Jo Harvey Allen and Jo Carol Pierce. It includes original music from the play Chippy which was written by Jo Harvey and Terry Allen and commissioned by the American Music Theater Festival Philadelphia where it received its world premiere in 1994.
 In 2004 following the popular success critical acclaim and numerous awards and nominations for the cable television series Monk Varèse Sarabande released an official soundtrack on compact disc.Containing original music composed and conducted by Jeff Beal the thirty-six track album contains tracks from various first season episodes a special extended arrangement of the original theme and one composition written and recorded but ultimately not contained in an episode.
 Kidz Bop 22 is the 22nd album in the Kidz Bop series. It was released on July 17 2012.
 Crossing the Tracks is an album by American banjoist Béla Fleck released in 1979.
 Hail Destroyer is Cancer Bats' second full-length album. It was released on April 22 2008 by Distort Entertainment in Canada and on June 24 2008 by Metal Blade Records in the US.In 2009 Hail Destroyer was reissued in some regions with four bonus tracks (one new song and three cover songs) in addition to a DVD featuring live footage of the Cancer Bats. The bonus tracks were also released separately as an extended play dubbed the Tour EP on June 30 2009.
 Black City Parade is the twelfth studio album by French band Indochine. It was released on February 8 2013 in France peaking at #1 on both French and Belgian Albums Charts as well as being certified Platinum in France.
 Mega is the second full-length album released by electronic rock band Yacht. It was released on States Rights Records in 2005. The last track is a remix of the song Now It Is All Over Like The Birds by Thanksgiving
 Trials & Tribulations is an album by the rapper Bizzy Bone. The album was released on September 11 2007 by Real Talk Ent. The insert to this album includes advertisements for other Real Talk albums and Bone albums including Bone Brothers 2 The Best of Bizzy Bone The Midwest Cowboy The Story and Thug Brothers. The album shares was produced by Big Hollis Vince V. and Hella Tight.
 Momentum is the sixth studio album by Jamie Cullum. It was released on 20 May 2013 by Island Records. Momentum is produced by Dan the Automator and Jim Abbiss. The album includes covers of Love for Sale (which he earlier recorded for his independent album Heard It All Before) and Anthony Newley's Pure Imagination. The song You're Not the Only One was written about Cullum's experience serving as a judge on the television reality series Must Be The Music.
 The River of Crime (Episodes 1–5) is a release by The Residents originally released online as a five-episode podcast through both iTunes and Cordless Recordings' website. The Residents also sold a two-disc package of blank CD-Rs to burn the episodes and bonus material (via the Cordless site only) for those who wanted a standard audio disc.
 'Force Recon' is the second studio album by British thrash metal band Virus.
 It's a Wonderful Life is the third album by Virginian indie rock group Sparklehorse released in 2001. The album features appearances by Tom Waits PJ Harvey John Parish Nina Persson and Dave Fridmann. It was the band's most successful album commercially selling over 63000 copies.
 Screamworks: Love in Theory and Practice Chapters 1–13 is the seventh studio album by Finnish band HIM released on February 8 2010 in the United Kingdom and France. It was later released in the United States on February 9 Japan on February 10 and Germany on February 12. The album's title is an allusion to Magick in Theory and Practice a book by British occultist Aleister Crowley.
 The Atlantic Collection is a 1996 compilation album by Hall & Oates. While their 1976 compilation No Goodbyes was a collection of Hall & Oates' Atlantic Records recordings this collection provides a more complete picture of that phase of Hall & Oates' history. This album contains the previously unreleased (but often bootlegged) track Past Times Behind. It also has two rare songs It's Uncanny and I Want to Know You for a Long Time that were only released on the No Goodbyes album.
 Motivation Radio is the third studio album by British progressive rock musician Steve Hillage. It was recorded primarily in California and was produced and engineered by Malcolm Cecil of TONTO's Expanding Headband.
 Roadside Monument/Frodus Split is a split EP from bands Roadside Monument and Frodus.
 Y2K: The Album is the debut album of the Queensbridge hip-hop group Screwball released on Tommy Boy Records in early 2000 following the controversial single Who Shot Rudy?. The album features a wide arrange of guests and producers including Mobb Deep Cormega Pete Rock DJ Premier MC Shan and Capone.
 Stupidity is the ninth studio album by Bad Manners released in 2003 (see 2003 in music).
 Suicide Train is the second album of New Zealand band Ghost Club released in 2005. It was recorded in a single day in the basement of a squatted Hackney pub in 2005. It was released in 2005 on Flying Nun Records in Australasia and in Europe on Hellsquad in 2006.
 Catalogue 1987–1995 is the second compilation album by Buck-Tick released on December 1 1995. It compiles every single they released while signed to Victor Entertainment except Candy which was released on May 22 1996. It reached number eight on the Oricon chart. The album was remastered and re-released on September 5 2007 this time including Candy as a bonus track.
 Still the 12th Man is the fourth album released by The Twelfth Man. Released in 1992 for the season 1992-93 it reached number one on the ARIA Album Charts.
 In the Heart of the Young is the second album by American glam metal band Winger. It was released by Atlantic Records in 1990.Musically In the Heart of the Young followed closely in the footsteps of the band's debut album. Once again produced by Beau Hill the album features hook-driven progressive-tinged radio-friendly pop metal. There are however also some notable changes from the debut.
 Neva Surrenda is the third studio album by hip hop group Outlawz. It was released on October 22 2002.
 Your Basic Dave Van Ronk is an album by American folk and blues singer Dave Van Ronk released in 1982.Your Basic Dave Van Ronk was recorded in one single night session in London in 1981. It is out-of-print but was re-released along with In the Tradition in 2002 by Fantasy Records as Two Sides of Dave Van Ronk. The reissue does not include In the Midnight Hour and Stagolee.
 Puno't Dulo (Filipino The Beginning and the End) is the sixth studio album by The Dawn released in 1994.
 Mars & Roses is the fifth studio album by Japanese R&B singer Misia released on February 11 2004. It debuted at #3 with 151087 copies sold. The album was recorded in London New York and Tokyo. The song Little Rose the title and theme of the album were inspired by Antoine de Saint Exupéry's The Little Prince. Mars & Roses was produced by American songwriter Keith Crouch and includes a duet with Erykah Badu.
 Released on the 3rd Stone label in February 2001 Returning Jesus is British art rock band No-Man's fourth album.A collection of ambitious songs which combined classical jazz soul and ambient influences in an original and emotional way the album received good reviews in Q Uncut and Classic rock.
 Marco Polo – The Journey is album by Ensemble Renaissance released in 1992 on the Artelier Music label in Germany. It is Renaissance's 11th album. Theme of the album is early music from the time of the travels of Marco Polo.
 Love Shines is the 29th studio album & 7th gospel album by American singer B. J. Thomas released in 1983.
 Sineidisi (Greek: Συνείδηση; English: Consciousness) is the second studio album by Greek singer Dimitris Kokotas. It was released in Greece in 1995 by EROS Music. It reached 1× platinum status. This is the second collaboration of Dimitris Kokotas with songwriter Phoebus.
 Stepping Stones Bonus Tracks is a collection of previously unreleased recordings from Woody Shaw's Stepping Stones: Live at the Village Vanguard session recorded in August 1978. The collection includes recordings that were originally excluded from the LP but were re-included as one of the 6 CDs in Woody Shaw: The Complete Columbia Albums Collection in 2011.In 2012 the recordings were released as a digital album at various online music stores including Amazon.com and iTunes.
 Amulet is the first album released by Amulet.
 Consignment is the fifth mixtape released by rap artist Jadakiss it was released on April 27 2012. to promote his upcoming album Top 5 Dead Or Alive. As of now the mixtape has been downloaded over 1 million times on DatPiff certifying it double platinum.
 Taxidermy is a 2000 album by UK independent band Queen Adreena. The enhanced-CD release includes a short film by Martina Hoogland-Ivanow involving time-lapse photography and dream-like visuals of movement and beauty.
 Northern Windows is an album by jazz keyboardist Hampton Hawes recorded for the Prestige label in 1974.
 Get Stoked on It! was the first studio album by American pop punk band The Wonder Years released through No Sleep Records on October 30 2007. The album features guest vocals from Rachel Minton (Zolof the Rock & Roll Destroyer) Bob Wilson (Letxdown) and Brooke Schwartz (CDC). No Sleep released a digital-only reissue of the album on May 15 2012. The album was remixed remastered and given a new cover.
 Goatfucking Gent/Vivicomburium is a split EP by the black metal band Horna. It was released on Obscure Abhorrene Productions in 2005. It was limited to 738 copies.
 Schattenwelt is the third album by Swiss violinist Paul Giger recorded in 1992 and released on the ECM label.
 Treasures is a 1996 Dolly Parton album made up of covers of rock and country hits from the 1960s 1970s and 1980s. It was her 33rd studio album. Among the selections were work by Merle Haggard Jeanne Pruett Neil Young Kris Kristofferson Cat Stevens and Mac Davis. Perhaps the most surprising choices to fans were Young's After the Gold Rush and Stevens' Peace Train though Parton confessed a longtime admiration for both performers' work.
 Ethnic Rock is the first extended play studio album by Turkish recording artist Seyyal Taner released on March 8 2012 by Majör Records. As well as Seyyal Taner producing the album she worked with a variety of producers such as Akın Eldes Volkan Başaran Cengiz Ercümer Mustafa Beyazkuş. The album's lead video clip Sevda Zindanları was released on May 2 2012.
 Amor y Alegria (Love and Joy) is the second studio album released by Nicaraguan salsa singer Luis Enrique. The album earned him international recognition as the album was produced during the salsa romantica era of the 1980s. Some of the songs are cuts from the previous album Amor de Medianoche.
 Quatro is Suzi Quatro's second album released in October 1974 from Rak Records as SRAK 509. It spent 6 weeks at the top of the Australian album charts.Released in Australia on the EMI RAK label as catalogue no 8319792.
 Perry Como Live On Tour was Perry Como's 27th RCA Victor 12 long-play album and his second live LP
 Deep Gems is a collection of singles B-sides and rarities by American electronic music duo Glass Candy released in October 2008 by the Italians Do It Better label.
 Klamath is the tenth album by American Music Club singer/songwriter Mark Eitzel. Released by Decor in 2009 it is his first solo album since 2005's Candy Ass. All songs were written by Mark Eitzel.
 Sedaka's Back is an album by American singer-songwriter Neil Sedaka. The record composed of selections from his previous three albums which had been released only in the UK was released on Elton John's label The Rocket Record Company in 1974. Three singles were released from this album: Laughter in the Rain (a #1 hit) The Immigrant (dedicated to John Lennon) and That's When The Music Takes Me. The latter two songs were both Top 40 hits.
 Your Choice Live Series 037 is a live split album by indie/emo bands Texas Is the Reason and Samiam.It was recorded at Raucherkammer Wiesbaden Germany on May 28 1996. It was released three years later in 1999 two years after Texas Is the Reason disbanded. The concert was Texas is the Reason's last live show until the group's 2006 reunion.More live material by Samiam has been released on a limited (and sold out) live 7-inch that was recorded in Alzey/ Germany on March 31 1992.
 A Discord Electric is the fifth album from Danish metal band Raunchy. It was released on September 20 2010 (2010-09-20) in Denmark October 8 in Germany Austria and Switzerland October 11 in the rest of Europe and October 12 in the US.
 Find Your Worth Come Home is the second studio album by American metalcore band To Speak of Wolves it was released on May 22 2012 through Solid State. Produced by Matt McClellan the record was recorded at Glow In The Dark Studios in Atlanta Georgia from 2011−2012.
 Shaman is the eighteenth studio album by Santana. Shaman was released on October 22 2002 and debuted at #1 on the Billboard 200 with first week sales of 298973. It was certified Double Platinum by the RIAA and Gold in Greece.The first single of the album was The Game of Love featuring Michelle Branch.
 The Power Station is the debut album by the supergroup The Power Station released in 1985 on Capitol Records. The album peaked at no. 6 on US Billboard 200 and no. 12 on the UK Albums Chart. All three singles released from the album were Top 40 hits in the United States. An anniversary edition was released 21 February 2005 featuring 7 bonus tracks as well as a 35-minute DVD.
 Doctor Who: 30 Years at the BBC Radiophonic Workshop was a 1993 album celebrating the 30th anniversary of popular BBC science-fiction series Doctor Who which had been taken off the air four years previous. The compilation featured a selection of sound-effects and atmospheres from throughout the history of the programme as well as a sample of music from the 1993 BBC Radio production The Paradise of Death.
 Zen-Nippon East Waste Tour '91 (全日本EAST WASTE TOUR '91 All Japan East Waste Tour '91) was a video album produced by the Japanese band The Blue Hearts in concurrence with their tour promoting their most recent album Bust Waste Hip. All of the songs were recorded live during their tour on June 12 or 13 1991 at NHK Hall.
 The Spade is the sixth full-length studio album by Butch Walker and the second released under the name Butch Walker and the Black Widows. It was released on August 30 2011 on CD vinyl and digital formats. The lead single was Summer of '89. The album hit number one on the Billboard Heatseekers Chart on its first week of release and peaked at number 105 on the Billboard 200.The album's newest single Synthesizers was released on January 20 2012.
 Sad Singalong Songs is the eighth studio album by Dutch singer Anouk. The album was released on May 17 2013 by her own record label Goldilox. On December 27 2012 Anouk released the song Stardust via her own YouTube-channel as a preview to her new sound. It was also available as a free download. The album is preceded by the single Birds which she performed at the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö. Anouk herself revealed the cover art and track listing on her official website.
 The Time Still Ticks is the debut EP by New Jersey melodic hardcore band To Kill The King. It was released in the summer of 2006.
 Held in Splendor is the second studio album released by the American band Quilt on January 28 2014 through Mexican Summer.
 Black Rebel Motorcycle Club: Live is a DVDs of Black Rebel Motorcycle Club concert footage captured from three sold out shows in Berlin Dublin and Glasgow and chronicles the end of the band's 2007 tour in support of Baby 81. Additionally it includes intimate behind-the-scenes footage glimpses into the making of 2005's Howl and is rounded out with a bonus live album featuring 14 songs.The spine misspells the band's name as 'Black Rebel Motorcylce Club'.
 Paranoid Cocoon is the second album by Cotton Jones which was released on January 27 2009. It was the band's debut on Suicide Squeeze Records. The band's sound was described as an intriguing mix of country and melancholy psychedelia and comparisons were made with Johnny Cash Mazzy Star and Beach House.
 Supermarket is a studio album by the Israeli rock band Rockfour. Released in September 2000 Supermarket is the band's first English album.
 Update is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron released on the Italian Soul Note label in 1987. It features solo performances recorded in Milan Italy.
 Poseidon and the Bitter Bug is the eleventh studio album by Indigo Girls released on March 24 2009 by Vanguard Records. The title is drawn from lines in tracks Fleet of Hope and Second Time Around – You're all washed up when Poseidon has his day and I've been bitten by the bitter bug.
 Perfil: Vol. I is the third compilation album by brazilian rock band Os Paralamas do Sucesso.
 Crashing Through is a box set with 7 discs containing every studio album oddities and rare tracks by the indie rock band Beat Happening. It was released through K Records on May 7 2002 but is now out of print.The box set comes complete with a booklet which includes a lengthy essay of the history importance and impact of the band by Lois Maffeo as well as rare photos of members Calvin Johnson Heather Lewis and Bret Lunsford and a photo of Calvin with artist musician and director G.B.
 The Future of What is the fifth studio album by the American post-hardcore band Unwound released on April 24 1995 by Kill Rock Stars. The album was recorded in December 1994 at John and Stu's in Seattle Washington.
 Elocation is Default's second album. It was released on November 11 2003 by the TVT label. While the song (Taking My) Life Away aired on Muzak's Power Rock station this album failed to match the success of their debut. The final track Let You Down is an acoustic version of the final track of the band's previous album The Fallout.The album was produced by Butch Walker and Nickelback's Chad Kroeger and contains a cover of the song Cruel by Jeff Buckley.
 Love Songs is a compilation album by Heart. It was released January 10 2006.The collection features a couple of rarities: the live version here of Unchained Melody was originally included in the vinyl edition of Greatest Hits Live in 1980 but omitted from the CD release of that collection due to initial limitations in CD technology in relation to album length.
 Lock the Fox is an album by saxophonist Eddie Lockjaw Davis recorded in 1966 for the RCA Victor label.
 Look Out for Evans Bradshaw! is the debut album by American jazz pianist Evans Bradshaw featuring tracks recorded in 1958 for the Riverside label.
 A Thing Called Love is the 39th overall album by country singer Johnny Cash released on Columbia Records in 1972 (see 1972 in music). The title song written by Jerry Reed was released successfully as a single (with Daddy as the B-side as yet unavailable on CD) reaching No. 2 on the country charts; two more singles charted as well while the album itself also reached No. 2 on the country album charts.
 Crow Jane Alley is an album by Willy DeVille. It was recorded in 2004 in Los Angeles. For this album DeVille was joined by members of the Chicano rock band Quetzal David Hidalgo of Los Lobos and Peruvian Afro-Cuban jazz drummer Alex Acuña among other prominent musicians. Crow Jane Alley was produced by John Philip Shenale the third album Shenale produced for DeVille.
 Live at Carnegie Hall is a live album by Anoushka Shankar released in 2001 and recorded at Carnegie Hall in New York and at the Salisbury Festival. The album earned a Grammy nomination for Best World Music Album.
 Marc Ford and the Neptune Blues Club is the third album (and the first one with his new band The Neptune Blues Club) by guitarist/singer-songwriter Marc Ford.
 Mortal Kombat: The Album is an album by The Immortals (Maurice Engelen aka Praga Khan and Oliver Adams best known for their work on the Techno/Industrial band Lords of Acid) released in 1994 to accompany the home versions of the video game Mortal Kombat.
 Unknown Road is the second album by Pennywise released on August 17 1993 through Epitaph Records. After frontman Jim Lindberg briefly left the band during touring in support of its previous album Pennywise (1991) Pennywise began the recording sessions for their second album.
 Grand Union was released in 1991. The album was recorded at Sawmills Studio in Cornwall and at WW1 Harrow Road London.
 The Spore is Opiate for the Masses's second full-length release. It was released on April 26 2005 by Jim Kaufman's own Voodoo Records. The CD comes with a Warcon DVD featuring videos from OFM Eighteen Visions Queens of the Stone Age Drowning Pool El Pus Stutterfly and Bleed The Dream. There is also a collection of movie trailers concert clips video game teasers and a 5 track demo from Shadows Fall.
 One Hand Clapping – The Unreleased Demos 2001–2003 is a compilation album composed of demos recorded by the British band Shed Seven between the years 2001 and 2003.The songs were originally intended to appear on Shed Seven's fifth studio album but the band split in 2003 before the album was completed. One Hand Clapping... was released in a strictly limited edition of 1000 in 2005 and is available exclusively from the website of Simon Lawlor Management.[1]
 Salvation is the third full-length album by Swedish post-metal band Cult of Luna released on Earache Records in 2004; on October 4 in Europe and October 10 in the United States.Salvation was critically acclaimed upon its release with Metal Hammer awarding it 10/10 the first album to receive the accolade since Metallica's Black Album.[citation needed]A music video was recorded for Leave Me Here directed by Anders Forsman and Linus Johansson.
 Greatest Hits Remixed is a remix/compilation album of new wave band A Flock of Seagulls by various artists released in 1999.
 Zamiana Pieniędzy na Rebelię is the seventh album of Polish punk rock band Włochaty. The album includes material from Włochaty album Jarocin Festival performance and two songs recorded for Rocknroller label.
 So Fresh - The Hits of Spring 2009 is a compilation of hit songs in Australia from Spring 2009.
 Speed Up/Slow Down is an EP by South released in 2005.
 Je Suis Et Je Resterai is a 2002 album by French singer Leslie.
 François is the French-language debut album by Desireless released in 1989. The single Voyage voyage was a chart topper in many European and Asian single charts and sold over five million copies.
 Life After 30 is the 8th studio album by Freddie Jackson released in 1999 (see 1999 in music) on Orpheus Music. This is the first album by Freddie Jackson released in the new record company.
 Real Love is the second studio album by British singer Lisa Stansfield released by Arista Records on 11 November 1991. Stansfield co-wrote all songs with Ian Devaney and Andy Morris. Devaney and Morris also produced the album. Real Love received positive reviews from music critics and reached top ten on the charts in various countries including number three in the United Kingdom.
 True is the first extended play (EP) by American recording artist Solange Knowles. It was released on November 27 2012 digitally through Terrible Records. It is Knowles' first release under the label after leaving her contract with Interscope in 2009. The entire EP is co-produced by longtime collaborator Dev Hynes.
 Shoot to Kill is the debut album of the California punk rock group The X-Pistols released January 18 2011 on Suburban Noize Records.
 Beast Mode is the ninth studio album by rapper Juvenile released on July 6 2010. Producers on the album include S-8ighty C. Smith Sinista Streets Raj Smoov and Niyo. A ChopNotSlop version was mixed by DJ Hollygrove and hosted by OG Ron C.
 Flowers is an American compilation album by The Rolling Stones released in the summer of 1967. The songs either appeared as singles had been omitted from the American versions of Aftermath and Between the Buttons were collected from studio sessions dating back to 1965 or are reissues of songs recently released on other albums.Three tracks had never been released.
 Row is an album by the Colorado band Gerard fronted by singer/songwriter Gerard McMahon. It was Gerard's second album and was released in 1976.
 No Tolerance for Imperfection is the third album by Scottish technical death metal band Man Must Die.
 Burn Like a Candle is a bootleg recording of the English rock group Led Zeppelin's performance at the Los Angeles Forum on June 25 1972. It was originally released on CD format in the 1990s by the Smoking Pig label.The audience recording includes the entire show (with the exception of the final encore Weekend) and is well known for its many rare encores including Louie Louie.
 Arika Kane is the eponymous debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Arika Kane. It was released by BSE Recordings on February 23 2010.
 Heavy Metal Thunder is a greatest hits album by heavy metal band Saxon released in 2002. The album features eight re-recorded tracks from the limited edition of Killing Ground as well as five other tracks. These tracks originally appeared on their first six albums from their self-titled debut to Crusader. A limited edition bonus disc featuring five live tracks from a 2002 show in San Antonio Texas as well as the music video for Killing Ground recorded during Wacken Open Air 2001.
 The Whorse's Mouth is an experimental spoken word studio album by Rozz Williams. It was released on June 3 1997 by Hollows Hill and was Williams' last studio album before his suicide in 1998. The Whorse's Mouth deals with Williams' heroin addiction and features artwork consisting of collages compiled by Williams and Erik Christides. The album was re-released by Triple X Records in 2000.
 Raised on Rock is a studio album by Elvis Presley released in 1973. Along with the album Elvis it was released after the massive success of Aloha From Hawaii (although the entire Elvis album contained material recorded before the Aloha show). The album which sold over one million copies worldwide was recorded at Stax Studios in Memphis Tennessee in July 1973 and at Presley's home in Palm Springs California in September 1973.
 Reefer Songs is a 1989 compilation album of jazz songs about drugs from the 1920s 1930s and 1940s. It features some of the very best artists and musicians of their day including Ella Fitzgerald Chick Webb Cab Calloway Sidney Bechet and Benny Goodman. Although jive / cannabis is the main drug cited here cocaine benzedrine (amphetamine) and heroin are also mentioned.
 Starry Nights in Western Sahara is an album compiled by filmmaker Danielle Smith in the process of making one of her documentaries on Western Sahara. Starry Nights published by North-American label Rounder Records is the second compilation of Saharawi music released in the United States after Sahrauis: The Music of the Western Sahara. The majority of the songs are sung by Umm Mekiya a woman notorious for her voice.
 Cover is the fourth solo album by Tom Verlaine released in 1984.
 Double Down Live is a two DVD set by ZZ Top combining shows from 1980 and 2007-2008. Disc one was filmed at Grugahalle in Essen Germany for Rockpalast. Disc two was shot during their Hollywood Blues El Camino Ocho and In Your Face Tours. The DVD includes live performances interview clips and backstage footage.
 It's the Ones Who've Cracked That the Light Shines Through is the second album by anti-folk artist Jeffrey Lewis. It was released in 2003 on Rough Trade Records.Reviews: At first Jeffrey Lewis’ songs seem like jokes. His voice sounds nerdy the lyrics ramble nonsensically and the guitar chords are the most primitive you’ve probably heard since grade-school music camp. But stick with it long enough and the payoff comes in smart and detailed narratives that nail the human condition.
 Stadtaffe (German for city monkey) is the first solo album by German musician Peter Fox. Released 26 September 2008 the standard version contains twelve tracks four of which have been released as singles. Fox performed the Single Schwarz zu Blau at the Bundesvision Song Contest 2009 in Potsdam while representing Berlin and won becoming the first person to win the contest twice (his first win coming in 2006 as a member of the band Seeed).
 My Own Lane is the second studio album by American rapper Kid Ink. The album was released on January 7 2014 by Tha Alumni Music Group 88 Classic and RCA Records. Recording for the album took place during 2013 and finished in November 2013. The album's production was handled by DJ Mustard Cardiak The Runners The Futuristics Arthur McArthur soFLY and Nius and Ned Cameron among others.
 ITunes Originals – Seether iTunes Originals is a compilation album by the South African post-grunge/alternative metal band Seether. It was released exclusively through iTunes on August 5 2008. It contains seven tracks exclusively recorded for the release at Groovemaster Studios most of which are acoustic. It has a short interview track between each song track. It has six additional tracks from other albums. The Tied My Hands live track is from the One Cold Night live album.
 Knives Don't Have Your Back is the debut studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Emily Haines and the Soft Skeleton. It is not her own debut album as she released under her own name in limited number of copies an earlier work in 1996 the Cut in Half and Also Double album which was self-released. The album was released in September 2006 on Last Gang Records. It debuted at 28 in Canada and has sold 20000 copies there.
 Second Skin was the second album from American rock band The Mayfield Four. Two singles were taken from the album: Sick and Wrong and Eden (Turn the Page). Singer Myles Kennedy has stated that Sick and Wrong and Flatley's Crutch are the only songs he has written that contain profanity.
 DJ-Kicks: Henrik Schwarz is a DJ mix album mixed by Henrik Schwarz (fr). It was released on the !K7 Records independent record label as part of the DJ-Kicks series.
 The Girl From Missouri is an EP and the debut release by then British group No Man Is An Island which would later reduce as a duo known simply as No-Man. Only 500 copies were made.With the exception of the title track all the songs were later included in the Speak cassette released in 1993 while only The Ballet Beast and Night Sky Sweat Earth made it to the commercial 1999 CD re-release (albeit with resung vocals).
 Her-Day is the 5th album by Masami Okui released on August 27 1999.
 Hysterical Stars is the second release by Chicago-based band Head of Femur. It was released May 25 2005 on Spin Art Records.
 Dark Roots of Earth is the tenth studio album by American thrash metal band Testament. It was released on July 27 2012 in Europe and four days later in North America by the independent German record label Nuclear Blast Records. The album is available in three configurations: CD CD/DVD and vinyl with the latter two versions including four bonus tracks.
 Dimension Intrusion is an album released by F.U.S.E. aka Richie Hawtin as the fifth release on Warp's Artificial Intelligence series in 1993.
 Flow with the Tide is the very first release by the English metal band Peach released in 1991. It was released as a 3-track tape cassette. It is now extremely rare. The first two tracks were originally written by Simon Oakes for the band Bloom.
 One Life One Soul additionally subtitled Best Of Ballads is the first compilation album released by the hard rock band Gotthard. As the title indicates the album consists only of ballads from Gotthard's studio albums from the albums Gotthard to Homerun along with new songs and covers.
 My Religion is the eighth studio album by the Norwegian hard rock band TNT released on March 8 2004. It marked a return to the glam metal direction that ended with Realized Fantasies.
 Kopatchinskaja-Say is the first studio album by violinist Patricia Kopatchinskaja (1977) from Moldova and the 16th for pianist and composer Fazıl Say (1970) from Turkey. Recorded in October 2007 in Köln Germany it was released by Naïve Classique on September 15 2008. Kopatchinskaja-Say features the music of Beethoven Ravel Bartók and an original composition by Say.
 This is the soundtrack to the 2008 thriller Passengers. All original music composed by Edward Shearmur.
 Jul med Hep Stars is a 1967 Christmas album from Swedish pop group Hep Stars.
 Best Baby Father is the fourth album released by Shabba Ranks.
 Tokyo Suits Me is The Wildhearts' first official live album and was only released in Japan. Early editions came with a bonus CD containing an untracked 25 minute set.
 Sympathy Sessions is the first compilation album released by the Oblivians. It was released on April 5 1996 by Sympathy for the Record Industry. The album is a collection of two prior 10-inch releases Never Enough and Six of the Best as well as four additional single sides all of which were recorded for and released by the label Sympathy for the Record Industry hence the title.
 Social Studies is a studio album by Loudon Wainwright III released in 1999. The album comprises various topical and satirical songs originally produced for National Public Radio and based upon then-current issues and events such as the Tonya Harding scandal the O. J. Simpson murder trial the lead-up to Y2K and controversies surrounding comments made by former Republican U.S.
 Fly with the Wind is a 1976 album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner his ninth to be released on the Milestone label. It was recorded in January 1976 and features performances by Tyner with band and string section. The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states the album ...has plenty of memorable moments and is a surprising but logical success; Tyner's orchestral piano blended with the strings very well.. The 2008 CD reissue added two alternate takes as bonus tracks.
 3rd: Love Paradise (3rd －Loveパラダイス－) is the third album from the J-pop girl idol group Morning Musume released on March 23 2000. This was the group's most successful album (with the exception of the best of albums) selling 863300 copies and stayed at the Top 30 in the Oricon charts for 7 weeks.
 Spike is the first solo album by Japanese guitarist Agata of the band Melt-Banana. It was released on Tzadik in May 2004.The album consists mainly of solo guitar and sound effects. Agata is known for creating strange soundscapes with his guitar and often sounds nothing like a guitar. This album could be seen as an extra addition to Melt-Banana's discography as it shares many similarities to his guitarwork in Melt-Banana.
 Bursting Bubbles is a studio LP by the rock artist Kevin Coyne which was released in 1980.The album was described by Penny Kiley of Melody Maker as follows:These are personal songs from people you'd rather not be. Sympathise at your peril. You can try to avoid the messages. The music is interesting and quite accessible. Often it's only the voice that hurts while the music can be attractively rhythmic (anguish you can dance to) or even gentle.
 Restless is the fifth studio album by Shelby Lynne released on July 18 1995 on Magnatone Records and later re-released on Curb Records. The album is considered the last in a series of efforts for Lynne to attract mainstream country music audiences this time incorporating elements of western swing. Lynne did not record another album with a Nashville-based record label until more than a decade later when she signed with Lost Highway Records.
 In the Rectory of the Bizarre Reverend is the debut album by Finnish doom metal band Reverend Bizarre. It was originally released in 2002. It was rereleased with a bonus CD titled Return to the Rectory in 2004. The album was released on vinyl by Finnish label Svart Records.The title of the album is a reference to the King Crimson album In the Court of the Crimson King.
 More Trouble Than They're Worth is the fourth studio album by Sloppy Seconds. It was released in 1998 five years after Knock Yer Block Off.
 Yardsale is The Saddletramps's second album. The album was released in 1990 in Canada on Cassette Tape.
 A Thousand Miles Behind released in August 2007 contains 12 live covers recorded between 2001 and 2007. The album title comes from a line in Bob Dylan's One Too Many Mornings. The compilation is only available from Gray's official website or at Gray's live performances. There are four versions of the album available for purchase at different prices: as a CD a 128 kbit/s mp3 download a 256 kbit/s mp3 download or a flac format.
 Melora a la Basilica is a 1000 unit collector's edition live recording made by chamber-rock trio Rasputina in Basilica Industria in Hudson NY a behemoth of a defunct glue factory. It is a collection of previous Rasputina songs reworked with new band member Daniel DeJesus and covers of songs by Goldfrapp Pearl Jam and the Sweeney Todd and A Clockwork Orange soundtracks[1].
 Heaven Taste is a compilation of B-sides and rarities released by British art rock band No-Man in 1995 and remastered in 1998. It consists on a collection of unreleased music recorded in a range of years between 1991 and 1995.The sound of the songs is often similar to Nick Drake Talk Talk and Steve Reich. In May 2002 (2002-05) Heaven Taste was remastered and released with new cover art.
 God's Property is a collaboration studio album by Kirk Franklin and God's Property. It was released on May 27 1997. At the time of its release urban contemporary gospel had gained massive ground in the music industry thus sending the album to its third position peak on the Billboard 200 album chart and making it the first gospel album to top the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart where it reached number one on five nonconsecutive weeks.
 Immigrés is a 1984 album by Senegalese singer and percussionist Youssou N'Dour. AllMusic remarks that the album is a good part of what put [N'Dour] on the international map.
 Software is Grace Slick's 1984 album released by RCA Records. This album was recorded after she had re-joined Jefferson Starship. After working on this album Peter Wolf would go on to contribute to Jefferson Starship's 1984 album Nuclear Furniture. A music video was made for the single All the Machines. Software is Grace Slick's fourth and final solo album.
 Remember is the second Korean album by South Korean boy band Big Bang released by YG Entertainment on November 5 2008. Before release demand for the album made it surpass 200000 pre-orders. Sunset Glow (붉은노을) originally by artist Lee Moon Sae served as the title track for the album. During the 2008 KBS Music Festival Big Bang performed the hit together with Lee Moon Sae.Strong Baby Seungri's solo track was released as the second single.
 Quicksilver Messenger Service is the debut album of Quicksilver Messenger Service released in 1968.
 Ayu-mi-x 4 + Selection Non-Stop Mega Mix Version is a remix album.
 Frank Cunimondo Plays George Benson – Live in Concert is the live album of American jazz pianist Frank Cunimondo originally released by Cunimondo's private label Mondo Records on vinyl LP and reissued in 2001 on CD. All tracks were recorded live at Hyatt Hotel in 1978. The album can be considered as a tribute album to jazz guitarist George Benson.
 I Stumble As The Crow Flies is the first EP by the American punk band Reptile House. It was released in November 1985 through Dischord Records with the catalog number DIS 15.75 01. Drummer London May has likened the sound of the EP to the San Francisco punk/noise rock band Flipper due to its mid-tempo rhythms and noisy jam-session sound.All songs were composed by Reptile House with vocalist Daniel V. Strasser (later known as Daniel Higgs) writing the lyrics.
 Punk-O-Rama III is the third compilation album in the Punk-O-Rama series.This entry features two previously unreleased tracks We Threw Gasoline on the Fire and Now We Have Stumps for Arms and No Eyebrows by NOFX and Wake Up by Pennywise. NOFX's track was later released on their rarities compilation 45 or 46 Songs That Weren't Good Enough to Go on Our Other Records. The European version has Undeclinable Ambuscade's track 7 Years and takes off Lozin' Must by Millencolin.
 New Soil is an album by American saxophonist Jackie McLean recorded in 1959 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Grown Man Talk is a 2003 album from Hip Hop artist Diamond D released through Diamond's own Diamond Mine imprint. The album was not distributed nationwide and only a limited number of copies were printed. Grown Man Talk featured production from Diamond and 88 Keys as well as appearances from Brand Nubian's Sadat X.
 Jerusalem is a concept album by alternative country singer Steve Earle released in 2002. It has a political theme and contains songs about a post–September 11 2001 world. It is Earle's tenth album.
 The Mediator Between Head and Hands Must Be the Heart is the thirteenth studio album by the Brazilian metal band Sepultura. It was released on October 25 2013 in Europe on October 29 in the United States via Nuclear Blast. It is the band's first album to feature drummer Eloy Casagrande and the first album by the band to be recorded in the United States since 1998's Against. The album was produced by Ross Robinson who previously produced the band's 1996 album Roots.
 30th Anniversary Concert is a DVD release by Canadian hard rock band Helix. It is a live concert recorded on July 17 2004 at the Brantford Ontario Sanderson Centre. It is a complete concert and it features appearances from band members past and present to celebrate the 30th anniversary of the band. The concert is interspersed with interviews studio recordings and photo montages.
 Karyn White is the self-titled debut album from R&B singer Karyn White. Released in 1988 it went to #1 on the Top R&B Albums chart for seven weeks the following year. It gave her four hits The Way You Love Me Superwoman Love Saw It and Secret Rendezvous. The former three were #1 singles on the R&B chart. A re-issue in late 1989 of Secret Rendezvous in the UK reached #22 as opposed to the original top 50 placing.
 Got to Be There is the Gold-certified solo debut album by Michael Jackson released by Motown Records on January 24 1972. It includes the song of the same name which was released in the October 7 1971 as Jackson's debut solo single. It would go on to sell nearly 900000 copies in the United States and over 3.2 million copies worldwide. The album was later remastered and reissued in 2009 as part of the 3-disc compilation Hello World: The Motown Solo Collection.
 Health (also known unofficially as You Will Love Each Other) is the debut album by American noise rock band Health. The album was recorded at the Los Angeles club The Smell.
 His Way Our Way is a Frank Sinatra tribute album project released exclusively through iTunes on July 7 2009. It contains 13 new tracks by contemporary performers covering songs recorded by Sinatra.
 Mask is the second studio album by English post-punk band Bauhaus. It was released in October 1981 on record label Beggars Banquet.
 Darrin's Coconut Ass: Live from Omaha is a live album by ska punk band Goldfinger.This album is a self-described 'stop gap' for Goldfinger during the release of their second and third full length albums. All tracks are covers almost all of which were recorded live with only 3 receiving over dubs. It was recorded at the Ranch Bowl a now defunct bar/venue/restaurant/bowling alley in Omaha Nebraska.
 Just Feels Good is the second album by American country music duo Thompson Square. It was released on March 26 2013 via Stoney Creek Records. It includes the single If I Didn't Have You which has charted on Hot Country Songs. As with their first album it was produced by New Voice Entertainment.
 Chain was Edinburgh musician Paul Haig's third album and was released in May 1989 on Circa Records a subsidiary of Virgin Records. Chain which Haig financed himself was recorded and completed in 1988 but it sat on the shelf after the normally accommodating Les Disques Du Crepuscule decided not to take up the option of releasing it. The album was co-produced by long-time Haig cohort Alan Rankine instrumentalist with celebrated Dundee band The Associates.
 There's a Riot Goin' On is the fifth studio album by American funk and soul band Sly and the Family Stone released November 20 1971 on Epic Records.
 Normal Music is an album by the Japanese noise group Merzbow. It features improvised music using drums organ and violin.
 The Left Banke Too is the second studio album by the 1960s baroque rock band The Left Banke released on Smash Records in 1968. It would be the final album of the band's initial lifespan with their next album not appearing until 1986.
 The Original Leap Year is the second album by Emm Gryner released in 1997 on Gryner's independent Dead Daisy Records.Gryner funded the album with prize money from Standard Broadcasting's National Songwriting Competition. The album which was credited as a thematic song cycle inspired by the zodiac attracted significant media attention in Canada and Gryner was offered a major label deal with Mercury Records.
 Knife is the second album by Aztec Camera and was released in 1984. It reached number 14 on the UK Albums Chart – their highest showing at that time. It also charted at #29 on the Swedish Albums Chart.The original release did not include the acoustic cover of Jump by Van Halen; this was added after Aztec Camera's version (originally the B-side of All I Need Is Everything) gained popularity.
 Beverley Craven is the debut album by British singer Beverley Craven. It was released in July 1990. The album was fully written by Craven herself.Craven signed to Epic Records in 1988 and initially recorded the album with American producer Stewart Levine (of Simply Red fame). The initial results however were not of Craven's liking and with the agreement of her label she restarted from scratch working with Paul Samwell-Smith who eventually produced the whole album.
 Srestho is the second album by Bangladeshi heavy metal band Cryptic Fate released on 2002.It is the band's first Bengali album.
 Reaper's Grave is an EP by Toxic Holocaust.
 Noch koroche dnya (Russian: Ночь короче дня lit. Night is Shorter Than Day) is an album by Aria.
 The Eye of Every Storm is the eighth studio album from the Californian band Neurosis. While still carrying the folk influenced sound that was used extensively on A Sun that Never Sets this album sees the band returning to the massive and dark guitar textures and sludge metal passages that were prevalent on Through Silver in Blood but employing a more sparse clear style of songwriting.
 Once In A Lifetime is a live album by Scottish Celtic rock band Runrig. It was released in 1988. A review from Allmusic.com called it one of the best live albums ever: Capturing the band in its best milieu — live — Once In A Lifetime is arguably one of the ten best live albums ever if the test of a live album is the effect a band has on its audience that particular night.
 The Last Nightingale is an album by various artists recorded and released in 1984 to raise money for striking coal miners in the 1984–1985 UK miners' strike. It features Chris Cutler Tim Hodgkinson and Lindsay Cooper from the English avant-rock group Henry Cow singer and musician Robert Wyatt and poet Adrian Mitchell.
 Emphasizer is the first full length studio album by Garage A Trois released in 2003.
 Young Foolish Happy is the second studio album by English recording artist Pixie Lott released on 11 November 2011 by Mercury Records. The album sees Lott working alongside previous collaborators Mads Hauge Phil Thornalley Toby Gad Steve Kipner and Andrew Frampton in addition to production from Tim Powell The Matrix and Rusko among others.
 Ghetto D is the sixth studio album by rapper Master P released on September 2 1997 through No Limit Records. Originally slated to be titled as Ghetto Dope the name was shortened to the current title before the release due to the drug reference in the aforementioned title. The album would be one of Master P's biggest albums.
 John Zorn's Cobra: Tokyo Operations '94 is a live performance of John Zorn's improvisational game piece Cobra recorded in Tokyo in 1994 featuring Japanese musicians and instruments. The piece had been released in two previous versions on HatHut (Cobra (1985)) and Knitting Factory (John Zorn's Cobra: Live at the Knitting Factory (1992)) and was subsequently released on Zorn's own label Tzadik Records in 2002.
 The Last Encore is the fourth album by the Dutch progressive rock band Kayak. It was originally released in 1976 and issued on CD in 1995 with a re-release in 2002. The songs Still My Heart Cries For You and Do You Care were released as singles in The Netherlands.After this album drummer and founder member Pim Koopman left the band to become a record producer. He returned to Kayak in 1999.
 Vivarium is the debut album by the Scottish alternative rock band Twin Atlantic.Music videos for What Is Light? Where Is Laughter? and Lightspeed were filmed during their American tour and have since been uploaded through their MySpace and PureVolume pages.
 Home is a limited edition EP by German pop band Fools Garden released in 2008.
 Shadows Evolve (also known as evolve.) is the debut studio album by Australian neo-psychedelia band The Morning After Girls released in 2005.
 Pájaros en la cabeza (English: Featherbrain or literally Birds in the head) is the fourth studio album by the Spanish folk rock group Amaral released in Spain during 2005.
 Back to Back is a live album by The Mar-Keys and Booker T & The MG's released on Stax Records in 1967. The LP features both groups playing live on the Stax/Volt package tour of Europe. The album peaked at number 98 on the Billboard 200 album chart in the United States.
 Red White & Crüe is a anthology album by the heavy metal band Mötley Crüe released on February 1 2005 by Mötley Records and charted at number 6 on The Billboard 200. To coincide with the album's release the band reunited with drummer Tommy Lee who left the band in 1999. Bassist Nikki Sixx commented on the band's reunion comparing it to seeing Mike Tyson fight.
 Save This House is a 1990 album by Spirit of the West.It was the band's first album for Warner Music Canada and their first with Linda McRae. Although still a relatively traditional folk album its release on a major label meant that it was the band's first album to expand their fan base significantly beyond the folk music scene. The title track an energetically percussive environmental anthem was a notable hit for the band on campus radio.
 High & Mighty is an album released by Gov't Mule on August 22 2006.
 The Russian Wilds is the third full-length studio album from the blues-rock band Howlin' Rain released on February 14 2012 by American Recordings.
 Bossa Nova Plus (also released as Shuckin') is an album by saxophonist Willis Jackson which was recorded in 1962 and released on the Prestige label.
 Vidovdan is a Cassette and album by Ensemble Renaissance released in 1989 on the PGP RTB label. It is their second album with early music of Serbia and their 6th album overall.
 Mi Canto is the debut solo digital ep of Sahrawi singer Aziza Brahim. It was released worldwide on 12 January 2009 by the French label Reaktion reaching shortly after number one on the World music list of the web Emusic.com.
 The On Fire EP is an EP by Alec Empire released on December 7 2007 from his album The Golden Foretaste of Heaven. It contains the title track several remixes and all tracks from the single Robot L.O.V.E. previously issued on vinyl. Initially planned as a four-track digital download only release it was also released as a ten track limited edition CD mounted on blue plexi-glass and sealed in a silver see-through plastic bag.
 Forest is the seventeenth album by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle first released on CD in 2004 by Ektro Records. It was re-issued the following year by No Quarter Records. It was recorded in May 2004 and is the first Circle album to feature mainly acoustic instruments. It continues the band's krautrock-influenced interest in repetition but bears little resemblance to the Judas Priest-meets-Neu! sound of earlier albums.[citation needed]
 The Dead Space 2 Original Videogame Score is an official soundtrack album to the 2011 survival horror video game Dead Space 2. Released on January 25 2011 by Electronic Arts the album includes 14 tracks from the game composed by Jason Graves. A second album entitled Dead Space 2 Collector's Edition Original Soundtrack was also released with a further 18 compositions from Dead Space 2.
 After Hours is a 1961 studio album by American jazz singer Sarah Vaughan.This was Vaughan's first album with just guitar and double bass accompaniment it was followed by 1963's Sarah + 2 in a similar vein.
 Kiss The Bunny was the second full-length album by Bickley released in 1998 through by Fearless Records. This album pushed Bickley from a regional punk rock success into national exposure.
 As One is an album by the Memphis Tennessee-based R&B group The Bar-Kays.
 Betrayed is the second album by the Dutch death metal band Polluted Inheritance. The album was released in April 1996 on DSFA Records.
 Three Windows is an album by American jazz group the Modern Jazz Quartet featuring performances recorded with the New York Chamber Symphony in 1987 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Vincebus Eruptum (/vɪŋˈkeɪbəs ɪˈrʌptəm/) is the debut studio album by American rock band Blue Cheer. Released in January 1968 the album featured the band's classic lineup of vocalist and bassist Dickie Peterson guitarist Leigh Stephens and drummer Paul Whaley. A commercial and critical success Vincebus Eruptum peaked at number 11 on the Billboard 200 albums chart and spawned the top-20 hit cover of Eddie Cochran's Summertime Blues. It is lauded as one of the first heavy metal albums.
 End Time is the sixth and final studio album by grindcore band Brutal Truth. It was released on September 27 2011 by Relapse Records on CD LP and as a deluxe CD box set which includes six bonus tracks a 20-page booklet six custom art flats a marijuana-scented disc card and more.
 Smoke is the tenth studio album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin released only on iTunes in 2009.
 More Songs About Love and Hate is the third album by the alternative rock band The Godfathers. It was released by Epic Records in 1989. The UK album cover shows Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor.
 Ragin' Full-On is the first album by the American alternative rock band Firehose. It was released after the break up of the influential punk rock band Minutemen due to the death of the guitarist D. Boon.
 Works is a Pink Floyd compilation album released in 1983. It features a variety of material such as (among others) the band's early singles Arnold Layne and See Emily Play alternative mixes of tracks from The Dark Side of the Moon and the previously unreleased track Embryo.
 Rocket Cottage is an album by the electric folk band Steeleye Span.This was the band's 9th album and the 2nd produced by Mike Batt. The album was poised to cement the band's success building off their breakthrough into the UK Top 10 with their previous album All Around My Hat (album). Unfortunately the album was a victim of bad timing.
 Six Feet Down Under Part II is a limited edition commemorative live EP by the American heavy metal band Metallica. It is the second part of the band's previous live EP Six Feet Down Under and was released in Australia and New Zealand only on November 12 2010 through Universal Music.
 Songwriter's Tribute is a 1986 compilation album covering the songs of American country music singer Patsy Cline. Songwriter's Tribute was released in 1986 and was put together by the songwriters who wrote much of Cline's material during the early 60s. It was put together by Diana Haig. It includes hit songs by songwriters Harlan Howard Hank Cochran Freddie Hart and Willie Nelson.
 Dick at Nite (Your Favorite TV Themes Loungified!) is the seventh album by Richard Cheese. It consists of covers of television theme music. The title is a play on Nickelodeon network's Nick at Nite block programming. It was initially slated for release on July 31 2007; after several delays the album was released on November 13 2007. It was also made available for purchase online via the iTunes Store on September 4 2007.
 Child of Glass is the first album of Blutengel.
 Save Your Soul is an EP by She Wants Revenge released in 2008.
 The Partridge Family Sound Magazine was the third album from The Partridge Family. It was released on the Bell Records label in August 1971 and like all of the Partridge Family recordings was produced by Wes Farrell for Coral Rock Productions.
 Bobby Vinton Sings the Newest Hits was Bobby Vinton's fifteenth studio album released in 1967.Primarily a cover album this album contains various songs from past years especially movie themes. Cover songs include Call Me (a British hit for Petula Clark in 1964 and U.S. hit for Chris Montez in 1965) and The End of the World (a hit for Skeeter Davis in 1963). Movie themes include Born Free The Shadow of Your Smile This Is My Song Georgy Girl and All.
 At This Time is an album by American pianist composer and music producer Burt Bacharach released in 2005 through Columbia. Guests that appear on the album include Elvis Costello and Rufus Wainwright. In 2006 the album won Bacharach the Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Album.
 Covering Ground is the third studio album by Chuck Ragan which was recorded in 2011 and produced by Christopher Thorn. The album was recorded during Hot Water Music's hiatus and features a strong folk influence with themes surrounding the life on the road away from loved ones. Brian Fallon of The Gaslight Anthem and Frank Turner are both featured as guest vocalists on selected tracks.
 Not to be confused with the Shakespeare character Ophelia.Opheliac is the second studio album by Emilie Autumn released in September 2006 by Trisol Music Group GmbH. Opheliac was recorded at Mad Villain Studios Chicago USA. It is the first album by the artist to receive widespread distribution around the world. All of Autumn's previous albums were only available through her own independent record label Traitor Records.
 Intellectuals Are the Shoeshine Boys of the Ruling Elite is the debut album of Killdozer released in 1984 through Bone-Air Records.
 Cabin Fever is the third studio album of Rasputina released in 2002 with Instinct Records. It is noteworthy for its use of industrial influences particularly the distorted cello.
 Yugoton is a tribute album to the former Yugoslav rock scene released in Poland by ZIC ZAC Music Company and BMG Poland in 2001.It features cover versions of eminent ex-Yugoslav artists performed in Polish language by the cover band named Yugoton composed of several notable Polish musicians.
 Wall of People is the first full length release by Providence Rhode Island band Monty Are I. It is also the first effort the band has released since changing their name from Monty's Fan Club.
 High Voltage!: A Brief History of Rock is a Kerrang! covermount CD released on May 31 2006 featuring many older rock songs covered by newer rock artists.
 Edge of the Century is the twelfth studio album by Styx released in 1990. It was the first Styx album featuring A&M solo artist Glen Burtnik the only album to feature the Dennis DeYoung/James Young/Glen Burtnik/Chuck Panozzo/John Panozzo lineup and the last album to feature John Panozzo on drums (he would die six years later of liver cirrhosis).The album spawned three singles.
 War of Ages is the fourth full-length studio album by Austrian symphonic metal band Serenity. The album was released on March 22 2013 in Europe and sometime in March or April in North America and Asia via Napalm Records.War of Ages continues to show Serenity perfecting their symphonic metal music and still keeping true to their power metal root.
 Unbelievable is the third studio album from R&B artist Keke Wyatt. It came out after a year It features Saturday Love which features Ruben Studdard and is the only single which was released on May 24 2011. It's the original cover of Saturday Love by Cherrelle and Alexander O'Neal. The album was released only one year after it's predecessor Who Knew. It was released on June 14 2011.
 Anne Murray's Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Anne Murray issued by Capitol Records in 1980. It is a collection of nine previously issued singles released between 1970 and 1980 as well as one new song Could I Have This Dance which was newly recorded for this album (which simultaneously appeared on the soundtrack to the film Urban Cowboy).
 UP: Unified Praise is a live praise and worship album of Christian Contemporary music by the Australian Hillsong Church and English band Delirious?.
 Gathering of Nations Pow Wow 1999 is a compilation album by various artists released in May 23 2000. The album features music from the annual event Gathering of Nations Pow Wow in New Mexico. It contains live recordings from the 1999 event with 19 different drum groups from various Native American tribes. It received the Grammy Award for Best Native American Music Album in 2001 the first time this award was held.
 XII is an album by American country music singer Neal McCoy. Released on March 6 2012 via Blaster Records it is his first album of new material since That's Life in 2005. Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert co-produced the album with Brent Rowan. The album includes the single A-OK.
 Romany is an album by The Hollies the first not to feature distinctive tenor-range lead singer Allan Clarke who had left to try a solo career and was replaced by a Swedish singer with lower vocal register Mikael Rickfors---prompting a somewhat radical reshaping of their trademark vocal harmony style.
 As If Everything Was Held in Place is the debut album by American post-hardcore band Of Machines. It was released on March 3 2009. The album was generally well received by critics and with it being the only album released by the group it is credited as a landmark of the post-hardcore genre in terms of innovation musicianship and deliverance. However in February 2013 it was confirmed that they had reformed with the original line-up to make one last album.
 2 Cute Shinseinaru Best Album (2℃-ute神聖なるベストアルバム Ni Kyūto Shinseinaru Besuto Arubamu Two. Cute's Divine Best Album) is the second compilation album by the Japanese girl group Cute set for release on November 21 2012.
 Ruthless by Law is the second album by the RBL Posse. It was released on October 25 1994 for In-a-Minute Records and was produced by Black C Mr. Cee The Hitman The Enhancer TC and Cellski. Ruthless by Law was a success gaining positive reviews as well as peaking at #197 on the Billboard 200 #23 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #3 on the Top Heatseekers.
 Best Kind of Mess is the debut studio album from rock band Get Scared released in the United States on July 12 2011 through Universal Motown Records.
 Storybook: Tales from Europe and Japan is the first DVD release by Symphonic Rock vocalist Lana Lane featuring concert performances from Japan as well as different parts of Europe during a span from 1997-2003.
 Lucy is the debut studio album by American folk musician Lucy Wainwright Roche released on October 26 2010 on Strike Back Records. Produced by Stewart Lerman the album features appearances from Roche's father Loudon Wainwright III The Roches Steuart Smith David Mansfield and Kelly Hogan.
 Pray for Metal is the first official release by Swedish heavy metal band Axewitch. It was an EP released in 1982 (see 1982 in music).
 I Need an Angel is the second studio album from American singer Ruben Studdard.
 Missing You (Chinese: 捨不得你) is a studio album by Cantopop singer Sammi Cheng. It was recorded in 1995 and released in November.
 ¡All-Time Quarterback! is the third and final release from Ben Gibbard's solo project ¡All-Time Quarterback!. It is a collection of tracks from the now out of print EPs ¡All-Time Quarterback! and The Envelope Sessions. Oddly the ¡All-Time Quarterback! album excludes the tracks Don't Touch the Tape Lullaby Lullaby Dig It! and Stark Mobile despite its short album length.
 Beyond Ocean Avenue: Live at the Electric Factory is Yellowcard's first ever official DVD release. It also includes 4 live acoustic videos. Empty Apartment Ocean Avenue Only One and View from Heaven. The concert shown on the DVD was at the Electric Factory in Philadelphia Pennsylvania sometime after they released their album Ocean Avenue.
 Junior Citizen is the fourth album by American alternative rock band Poster Children released in 1995.
 Going East is an album by soul singer Billy Paul. The album was arranged by Bobby Martin Lenny Pakula and Thom Bell.
 Jake's Progress is the second album by Jake Thackray. It was recorded at Abbey Road Studios produced by Norman Newell and released on LP by EMI in 1968.
 Hafif Müzik is the third album of Turkish alternative rock band Vega released by Sony Music/GRGDN in 2005.
 Melody Fair is an album recorded by Lulu in 1970 for a release on Atco Records. She had recorded her first album for Atco New Routes in the fall of 1969 under the production auspices of top Atlantic Records execs Jerry Wexler Tom Dowd and Arif Mardin.
 Also known as Super Hits of the '70s: Have a Nice Day Volume 5 or Super Hits of the '70s Volume 5.
 With The Guns is the debut album from the Welsh rock quartet The Guns. Originally to be released in 2007 under German record label Motor Records however With The Guns was delayed for so long that The Guns decided to release it themselves. The album was finally released independently on July 17 2009 through iTunes and on August 31 2009 1000 copies With The Guns CDs became available from their official website.
 Nightmare: The Acoustic MSG is an EP by the McAuley Schenker Group released only in Japan as a companion to the album M.S.G.. It contains acoustic versions of songs from M.S.G. and Save Yourself and follows the flow of unplugged recordings which were very trendy in those years. The recording of the unplugged version of these songs and their success in Germany and Japan inspired Schenker and McAuley to tour with only an acoustic set which was later released in the live album Unplugged Live.
 Songs For a Sinking Ship is a 2010 album by Brooklyn-based band April Smith and the Great Picture Show released independently using Kickstarter for funding. Drop Dead Gorgeous from the album was featured on Amazon.com's Top 10 Pop Songs of 2010 List and Top 100 Songs of 2010 List
 Hungry Again is the 34th studio album by Dolly Parton released om August 25 1998. Composed entirely of Parton's own compositions (written during a week-long marathon songwriting session during which she fasted — hence the title) the album represented an attempt by Parton to rejuvenate her then largely stagnant recording career.
 Conqueror is the third full-length studio album by the Indianapolis-based doom metal band The Gates of Slumber. Conqueror was listed as the #5 release of 2008 by Decibel Magazine.
 Miles in the Sky is a studio album by American trumpeter and composer Miles Davis released on July 22 1968 by Columbia Records.
 Point #1 is the debut album of American alternative metal band Chevelle released May 4 1999. It is the only Chevelle album released by Squint Entertainment and their only collaboration with producer Steve Albini. The album featured a notable single in its title track but achieved only minor success especially compared to Chevelle's major label follow-up in 2002.
 Oops I Did it Again! is the third full-length release by Cex released in 2001. The album's title is a reference to Britney Spears' similarly titled album Oops!...I Did It Again.
 God's Country: George Jones and Friends is an tribute album to American country music artist George Jones. Released on October 17 2006 on the Category 5 Records label. It features several of Jones' most well-known songs such as White Lightning and He Stopped Loving Her Today as well as many other hits by Jones. Various artists contributed cover versions to the album; these include Vince Gill Tanya Tucker and Sammy Kershaw.
 Livetime is a live album from 1978 by musical group Hall & Oates.The concert was recorded in Hershey Pennsylvania in late 1977 not far from Pottstown Pennsylvania where Hall lived during his teenage years. Former Elton John Band members Caleb Quaye Kenny Passarelli and Roger Pope were band musicians on this tour. Daryl Hall is infamous for being heard asking the crowd at the end of the song Sara Smile How come you didn't like me as a teenager?
 Then & Now is a studio album by American singer Shirley Jones of The Partridge Family pop music group. The album is a half retrospective collection featuring 14 tracks from her movie musicals while the other 10 tracks are new studio recordings. The album was released in the fall of 2008 on Stage Door Records. Then & Now includes some songs by Shirley Jones from her films Oklahoma! Carousel and April Love.
 Happy Mystery Child is the ninth studio album by Trisomie 21 a French electronic/coldwave group led by Hervé and Philippe Lomprez. Released by Le Marquis Records on December 11 2004 the record marked the return of Trisomie 21 5 years after their prior studio album.
 Regressive by Default is the debut album by Russian band DeadXheaD released in 2006.
 Glitter and Doom Live is a live album by Tom Waits by the ANTI- label on November 23 2009. The songs were recorded during the Glitter and Doom Tour of the USA and Europe in the summer of 2008.An announcement from the official site said:Prior to release ANTI- made the first eight tracks available for free download.
 Dye It Blonde is the second full-length album by the indie rock band Smith Westerns.
 Electronic Eden is the second album by the Brains. It was released in 1981.
 Black Sails at Midnight is the second studio album by the Scottish power metal band Alestorm. As with their first album all the drums tracks were recorded by session drummer Migo Wagner but touring drummer Ian Wilson added additional percussion. The album features string and brass arrangements and folk instruments as opposed to the more heavy metal instrumentation of Captain Morgan's Revenge.
 Handshakes For Bullets is the debut album by Kinesis the rock band from Bolton released 29 September 2003 by Independiente records. The album was produced by Dave Eringa and mixed by Dave Eringa with Sean Genockey except track 9 & 5 (Alan Moulder). It was recorded at Jacobs Rocords Rak Studios and Wessex Studios all around England. The album spawned four singles (Billboard Beauty ...And They Obey Forever Reeling and One Way Mirror) and was released in both the UK and Japan.
 Everybody's In Show-Biz - Everybody's A Star is the tenth studio album released by English rock group The Kinks released in 1972.
 Salaam is the fourth official studio album by Sami Yusuf that was released in December 22 2012. The physical version was released on December 22 while the digital version was released on December 24. South East Asia and Middle East and North Africa (MENA) received the album before it was released worldwide.
 Hot Sauce is the third album released by smooth jazz artist Jessy J. It debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Jazz chart released on September 6 2011. The album features guest performances by Saunders Sermons Paul Brown Joe Sample Harvey Mason and Ray Parker Jr.
 Carolina is a 2001 album by Seu Jorge. Originally known as Samba Esporte Fino when released in Brazil in 2001 it was retitled Carolina and released internationally in 2003. This is Seu Jorge's first international album after having debuted in Brazil with Moro no Brasil in 1998.
 Remember to Dismember is Western Addiction's EP to support the then-upcoming album Cognicide on Fat Wreck Chords.It features two tracks From the Ramparts and Not a Surrender that were not on Cognicide. Remember to Dismember was recorded and mixed by Randy Burk.
 The Shining is the second official solo album from hip hop producer and rapper J Dilla who died February 10 2006. The Shining was incomplete at the time of J Dilla's passing and was posthumously completed. Discounting the instrumental album Donuts The Shining was the first full-length solo release by J Dilla (featuring vocals) since Welcome 2 Detroit five years earlier and as such was highly anticipated. It was released on August 22 2006 through BBE Records.
 Legacy is the title of a recording by American folk music and country blues artist Doc Watson released in 2002.This three-disc set includes two CDs of interviews with Watson interspersed with music. Watson discusses his upbringing and career as well as his musical roots. The third disc is a live recording of a concert recorded at the Diana Wortham Theater in Asheville NC in 2001.
 Chasers was a soundtrack released in 1995.
 You Gotta Say Yes To Another Excess is Yello's third album and was released in 1983. It was the last Yello album to feature founding member Carlos Peron.
 An Eye for an Eye is the third album by the RBL Posse. It was released on September 30 1997 for Big Beat Records distributed by Atlantic Records and featured production from Rick Rock Black C Mike Caren Cellski Shannon LacyThe Enhancer Stan Keith Michael Mosley Femi Ojetunde TC Maurice Thompson and Jay Williams.
 For the 1979 album by Sonny Rollins see Don't Ask (album). For other uses see Don't ask (immigration policy).Don't Ask is the second album by Australian singer Tina Arena released by Columbia Records in Australia on 21 November 1994 (see 1994 in music). Arena co-wrote all of the songs on the original release of the album which was produced by David Tyson.
 Day Job is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music artist Gord Bamford. It was released on April 6 2010 by Royalty Records. Its first single was the title track.
 Danny Boy and Other Songs I Love to Sing is an album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was released early in 1962 by Columbia Records.
 Babel is the second studio album by the British indie folk band Mumford & Sons. As with Sigh No More the album was produced by Markus Dravs. It was released on 21 September 2012 in Ireland Germany Belgium the Netherlands Luxembourg Norway Australia and New Zealand.
 The High Above and the Down Below is the seventh studio album by contemporary folk singer–songwriter Cliff Eberhardt. It was released on Red House Records on April 10 2007. It is Eberhardt's first album in five years and follows a lengthly recovery from serious injuries Eberhardt suffered in a 2002 auto accident.
 Babylon and On is a 1987 album by the British New Wave group Squeeze. It is the band's seventh album and opens with their biggest U.S. hit Hourglass. Eric ET Thorngren produced the LP. Former Soft Boy Andy Metcalfe made his only appearance as an official member of Squeeze on this album. He would end up writing again with Tilbrook during Tilbrook's solo years.Hourglass became an unexpected U.S.
 Not All Who Wander Are Lost is the third solo album by American virtuoso mandolinist Chris Thile. It was released on Sugar Hill in 2001.The record builds on his previous work in that it is largely bluegrass and newgrass inspired.
 Dead Waves is the third studio album by English electronic indie pop band Kyte.
 A Pretty Mess by This One Band is an EP by the band Grandaddy released in April 1996 on Will Records. It includes several songs taken from the band's earlier cassette-only release Complex Party Come Along Theories.The tracks from the EP were reissued in 2002 on the album The Broken Down Comforter Collection.
 Cecil Taylor Unit is an album by Cecil Taylor recorded in April 1978 and released on the New World label. The album features three performances by Taylor with Raphe Malik Jimmy Lyons Ramsey Ameen Sirone and Ronald Shannon Jackson. The album was recorded during the same sessions that produced 3 Phasis.The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos states this is as close to as definitive an ensemble as Taylor has launched.
 Astral Voyage (released in Japan as Ten Kai) is the first studio album by Japanese New Age musician Kitarō. Released as Ten Kai in 1978 the album was re-released as Astral Voyage in 1985 by Geffen Records after Kitarō signed a worldwide distribution deal with them.
 The Modern Sound of Betty Carter is a 1960 (see 1960 in music) album by Betty Carter.The album has been available since 1992 on CD format as I Can't Help It on GRP Records's Impulse! label series (ASIN no. B000003N6D). (This CD includes songs from the 1958 Peacock LP Out There.)
 Voice of America is a 1983 album by Little Steven & the Disciples of Soul.This album traded in the horns and the R & B influences of the previous Men Without Women for a raw garage rock sound. Politics came to the lyrical forefront with the general theme being opposition to Ronald Reagan-era American foreign policy.
 Up! Close and Personal is the fourth live video album by Canadian singer Shania Twain. It was directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller and produced by team composed of Dan Braun Cliff Burnstein Carol Donovan McCarthy-Miller Peter Mensch and Marc Reiter. The concert was filmed in November 2003 at a sound stage in Nashville Tennessee with an audience of 300 people.
 Anything Goes is the debut album from American country music singer Randy Houser. It was released on November 18 2008 (see 2008 in country music) on Universal South Records. The album's lead-off single is its title track which reached No. 16 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. Houser co-wrote all but three of the songs on the album. Boots On was released in February 2009 as the second single peaking at No. 2 on the same chart.
 Telegraph Melts is the twelfth album and first release of 1986 by musician Jandek. It was released as Corwood Industries #0750.
 Unsere Lieder (Our Songs) is the twenty-fifth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers. This was the first Flippers' album that was produced only by Uwe Busse. It was certified Gold.
 A Tribute to Duke is a 1977 studio album by various artists recorded in homage to bandleader and composer Duke Ellington.
 Hit the Highway is the third studio album by The Proclaimers released in 1994. It took them six years to follow their second album Sunshine on Leith. A remastered edition was released in 2011.
 Isla del Sol is the 9th album by Mexican pop singer Yuri. It was released on October 17 1988.Now Sony Music proposed to her a bigger international projection; Yuri changed from EMI Music to Sony. It sold more than 350000 copies earning a Platinum disc. She released a Portuguese version receiving a Gold disc in Brazil.
 Smashes: The Best of Guardian is a compilation album released by Christian rock band Guardian. The album was released in 1999 by Myrrh Records.The album includes the band's hits since 1993 when Jamie Rowe and Karl Ney joined the band.
 Empnefsi! is the name of a Greek album by singer Anna Vissi. It was released in Greece and Cyprus in December 1988 by CBS Greece. It featured ten pop songs written by her then-husband Nikos Karvelas. The album reached Gold status. In 1997 a remastered version of the original album was released on CD.
 The RBX Files is the debut album by American rapper RBX released September 26 1995 on Premeditated/Warner Bros. Records. It peaked at number 12 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 62 on the Billboard 200. The album was produced by Greg Gregski Royal.Along with singles music videos were released for two songs: A.W.O.L. and Rough Is the Texture.
 Live from Amsterdam is the first concert film and live album by American rock band Alter Bridge recorded on December 7 2008 at the Heineken Music Hall in Amsterdam Netherlands and released to extremely positive reviews on September 12 2009 via Amazon. A Blu-ray retail version along with a deluxe box set was delayed several times by Universal Republic Alter Bridge's former record label causing controversy and the band's eventual split from the label.
 Só no Forevis is the fifth album of the Brazilian rock band Raimundos launched in 1999. Its title is a tribute to the Brazilian humorist Mussum from Os Trapalhões died in 1994. It is the Raimundos' most sold CD with eight hundred and fifty thousand copies. This album is the last studio work of the vocalist Rodolfo with Raimundos.
 All Hell Breaks Loose is the debut studio album by hard rock band Black Star Riders released in May 2013. Black Star Riders evolved from the touring version of Thin Lizzy assembled by guitarist Scott Gorham after the death of Thin Lizzy's leader Phil Lynott.
 Dirty King is the third album by Canadian rock band The Cliks to be released June 23 2009 on Warner Music Canada and Tommy Boy Records.The album was produced by Sylvia Massy.
 Testing the Waters is the debut album by American rap group Thirsty Fish released March 5 2007 on Bell Rang Records in affiliation with Project Blowed.
 Anthology is a compilation album by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams which contains songs he recorded from 1978 through 2005. The two disc set includes songs from 1980–2005. A third disc which was a DVD live concert which was recorded in mid-2005 called Live in Lisbon was included in North America for a limited time. All the songs are in chronological order of their release except the last song on the first disc on the North American edition which was released in 1999.
 Over The Rainbow is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Angela Chang's (Chinese: 張韶涵) debut Mandarin solo studio album. It was released by Linfair Records on 6 January 2004. A second edition Over The Rainbow (Dreams Come True Edition) was released on 7 April 2004 with a bonus VCD containing five music videos.
 Do You Wanna Get Away is the second studio album from dance–Latin freestyle singer Shannon. It was released in 1985 by Mirage/Atco/Atlantic Records.
 Evolution 4.0 is Finnish power metal band Thunderstone's fourth album. It features the song Forevermore with which they participated in the pre-selections of the Eurovision contest.
 Rhyme Masters is a compilation album released by MC Lyte. The album was released on October 4 2005 for oldies label Flashback Records.
 Rob & Fab is the lone album by Rob & Fab financed by Taj Records in 1991 and released by Joss Entertainment in 1992.Rob & Fab was Rob Pilatus and Fabrice Morvan the faces of the infamous Milli Vanilli.Pilatus and Morvan provided lead vocals for the band and album while nearly all songs on the album were written by composer Kenny Taylor. Morvan acted as co-producer of the album and co-composer of four songs of which two were co-composed with Pilatus.
 The Black Album is the first release by Boyd Rice. The album was pressed as a 12 vinyl playable at any speed. Originally released without a record label in 1977 it was reissued in 1981 on Mute Records.
 Songs from a Secret Garden (released April 16 1996 by Mercury Records (PolyGram / Philips Records) – 528 230-2) is the first international album by Secret Garden. It includes the winning song of the Eurovision Song Contest 1995 «Nocturne».
 Union is the sixth studio album by Canadian country rock band Cuff the Duke released October 2 2012 on Paper Bag Records.The band considers the album to be the second part of a two-part album paired with its 2011 album Morning Comes.
 Circle is the second album by Japanese pop singer Kaela Kimura released on March 8 2006.
 A Wizard a True Star is a progressive rock recording by Todd Rundgren released in 1973.The album and especially the first side of the vinyl recording is an extended medley after the fashion of the Beatles' late recordings; brief songs segue into one another and the lyrics are frequently humorous or hallucinatory. The first side features a cover version of Never Never Land from the Broadway version of Peter Pan; the second side features a medley of covers of R&B hits.
 Welcome Home is an album by American singer-songwriter Carole King released in 1978.
 Moon Safari is the debut studio album by French music duo Air released in 1998. On 14 April 2008 Virgin Records re-released Moon Safari to mark the album's tenth anniversary. The limited edition album came with a bound book a DVD documentary about the duo and an extra CD with live performances and remixes. The French edition of Rolling Stone magazine named this album #65 on their list of the 100 greatest French rock albums.
 Inception is the debut album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner which was released on the Impulse! label in 1962. It features performances by Tyner with Art Davis and Elvin Jones.
 Köledoyuran is the debut album by the Turkish band Replikas. The album was released by Ada Muzik in 2000.The album which was recorded live in 15 days echoes in an authentic form all musical sources that have influenced the band’s composing experience beginning from 1996.
 Nostradamus - The Fate Of Man is the twelfth studio album by the Dutch progressive rock band Kayak. This concept-album tells the story of French doctor and seer Nostradamus but from the viewpoint of a Flemish monk Yves de Lessines. The (unproven) theory behind this is that Nostradamus was not the writer of his famous Centuries. These poems were in fact written 200 years earlier by De Lessines and they were a secret code to find the treasures of the Knights Templar.
 Rekapitulacija 1980–1984 is a retrospective album of Slovenian Industrial group Laibach. It was first released as a double LP boxset in 1985 and re-released on CD in 1987.
 Havalina Rail Co. is the first studio album by the American eclectic rock band Havalina Rail Co. released 1994. In an interview for KPSU Wignall commented that the first album was this sort of finding our path and gravitating towards American sounds. The album featured folk swing jazz zydeco and rock influences; according to Matt Wignall the swing influence led many to falsely assume that the band was part of the contemporary Swing revival.
 How Many Votes Fix Mix is the second EP released in 2008 by the musician M.I.A. (see 2008 in music). It was released on October 28 2008 by XL Recordings/Interscope Records and made available on iTunes. It received a full release on November 4 2008. Previously unheard track Shells was released with a new version of track Boyz with Jay-Z and Far Far from M.I.A.'s second album Kala.
 Dream is New Zealand pop band TrueBliss's first and only album released in 1999 in New Zealand on the Columbia Records label.
 Beyond Broadway is a 2005 (see 2005 in music) album by Ilse Huizinga.
 Steve McQueen is the second album by English pop band Prefab Sprout released in June 1985. It was released in the United States as Two Wheels Good due to a legal conflict with the estate of American actor Steve McQueen.
 Eclipse is the fourth studio album by the band Autumn Tears. It was their first album in four years since Love Poems for Dying Children - Act III: Winter and the Broken Angel. Eclipse would be Erika Tandy's last album recorded with Autumn Tears.
 Evolution is the second album by session guitarist Dennis Coffey.
 Wake Up World is the debut album of the Finnish pop singer Isac Elliot. It was produced by Joonas Angeria and released on 24 May 2013. In its first week of release the album peaked at number one on the Finnish Album Chart.
 From the Screen to Your Stereo Part II is a cover album by American band New Found Glory and is the follow-up from the 2000 EP From the Screen to Your Stereo. All the tracks are covers of songs from motion picture soundtracks. The album was released September 18 2007.
 Cognicide is Western Addiction's first full-length album and was released on Fat Wreck Chords in 2005.
 Sun Gangs is the third album by The Veils released on 6 April 2009. Finn Andrews has described it as a very modern mixture of prayers love letters and personal record keeping. Sun Gangs was produced by Graham Sutton with the exception of the opening track Sit Down by the Fire produced by Bernard Butler. No official singles were released to promote the album though 1-track promos of Three Sisters and The Letter were sent out to radio stations in late February 2009.
 Speedrock Chartbusters Vol.1 is a cover album by the Dutch band Peter Pan Speedrock. The album is tribute to such bands as Led Zeppelin Turbonegro and the Misfits.
 Platinum Game is the second studio album by American rapper CJ Mac released August 31 1999 by Hoo-Bangin' Records and distributed by Priority Records. The album features production by Ant Banks Battlecat Crazy Toones and Johnny J. It peaked at number 77 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 42 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers.
 Rare Breed is the 12th album released by MC Breed. It was released on February 8 2000 for Albatross Records and was produced by MC Breed Jazze Pha and Chuck Nyce.
 Seventh Star is the twelfth studio album by British heavy metal band Black Sabbath released in January 1986. It was also the first Black Sabbath release not to feature bassist Geezer Butler who left the band in 1984 after the Born Again tour leaving guitarist Tony Iommi as the sole original member left in the band.It was originally written recorded and intended to be the first solo album by Iommi but due to pressures by Warner Bros.
 Fabric 35 is a DJ mix compilation album by Ewan Pearson as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 Mermaid vs. Sailor is the debut extended play by Welsh singer-songwriter Marina and the Diamonds. It was released November 23 2007. The record was created on handmade CD-Rs by Diamandis and sold through her MySpace page. An estimated seventy copies were sold overall.
 The Highest Law is the debut album by the Japanese thrash metal band Ritual Carnage. It was released in 1998 by Osmose Productions.
 Afro-Disiac is an album by organist Charles Kynard which was recorded in 1970 and released on the Prestige label.
 Citrus is the second studio album by New York-based shoegazing band Asobi Seksu. It was released on May 30 2006 through Friendly Fire Recordings in the US and on August 13 2007 in Europe by One Little Indian Records. Three singles were released from the album: Thursday in August 2007 Strawberries in November 2007 and Goodbye in March 2008.
 Dakota Avenue is the second album by Australian alternative country musician Sherry Rich. It was released in 2012.The album was released on Vitamin Records Australia.
 Minor Earth  Major Sky is the sixth album by Norwegian band a-ha released in 2000. It sold 2 million copies worldwide.
 Tales of Mystery and Imagination is the second album by Swedish power metal band Nocturnal Rites their first on Century Media. It received distribution in Europe in February 1998 after being initially released only in Japan.
 Mundos Opuestos(Opposite worlds) is the second studio album by Mexican duo Rock Pop Ha*Ash. It was published under the label Sony BMG on September 27 2005. The album features a cover of the song from 1935 I Want to Be a Cowboy's Sweet Heart. The songs Tu mirada en mi You look at me is a composition of the Peruvian singer-songwriter Gianmarco while Me Entrego a ti I surrender to you a duet with Soraya and Que hago yo? What do I do? is a composition of the same Colombian artist.
 André Previn Plays Songs by Jerome Kern is a solo jazz album by André Previn. It was intended as a homage to famous composer Jerome Kern.
 Join the Band is a 2008 album recorded by Little Feat. Their first studio album in five years it features no new original songs but is a set of collaborations with other artists such as Bob Seger. Emmylou Harris Dave Matthews and Inara George. It was released on July 1 2008.The album was recorded at Jimmy Buffett's studio and co-produced by Feat keyboard player Bill Payne with Mac McAnally of Buffett's Coral Reefer Band.
 Links is the third album by folk band Kerfuffle.
 Zerfas is the only album by psychedelic group Zerfas. It was released in 1973 to very limited success but found a much larger audience in the early 2000s when the track I Need it Higher was featured on the American edition of the Love Peace and Poetry psychedelic music compilations. The record has been re-released on high-quality vinyl and Zerfas' story is told on the 700 West website.
 Spiral Staircase – Classic Songs is a double CD compilation of tracks from Ralph McTell's early Transatlantic LPs Eight Frames a Second Spiral Staircase My Side of Your Window and Revisited. It was released in 1997.
 To Hell or Barbados is the fourth studio album by Irish singer-songwriter Damien Dempsey released in Ireland and the UK in June 2007. An expanded edition was released on 2 November 2007 complete with a bonus CD of additional material.The album name and title track are taken from the book of the same name by Sean O'Callaghan an account of the tens of thousands of Irish people sent as slaves to Barbados during the Cromwellian campaign in Ireland.
 Chicago 13 is the eleventh studio album by the American band Chicago released in 1979. The follow-up to Hot Streets Chicago 13 is often considered an unpopular release among Chicago's catalog both critically and with fans.
 Radio Silence is the first full-length album by the Toronto-based new wave band Blue Peter. Released in 1980 it contained the moderately successful single Video Verite as well as the eponymous single Radio Silence known for its simple dying keyboard riff. The album ranked 60th in CFNY's Top 80 Albums of 1980.
 We Are the Only Friends We Have is a studio album released by the North American rock band Piebald.
 Potlatch is the second album by American band Redbone.
 Manscape is the seventh studio album by the British post-punk group Wire. It was produced by David M. Allen recorded and mixed at RAK Studios engineered by Roy Spong and published by Dying Art Ltd.Manscape saw Wire exploring electronica more deeply than on previous works.
 His All-Time Greatest Comic Hits is a 10-track collection of previously recorded songs by Ray Stevens released in 1990 by Curb Records. One of the qualities that makes this collection identifiable is that it concentrates solely on Stevens' songs of novelty and comedy.
 Introduction is Alex Parks' debut album released on 24 November 2003. Recorded and released within only two weeks of Parks winning the BBC's Fame Academy it included seven original compositions mostly co-written with songwriters Helen Boulding Gary Clark and Boo Hewerdine as well as six cover songs from John Lennon Tears for Fears R.E.M. Christina Aguilera Eurythmics and Coldplay.The album reached number 5 in the UK Top 40 Album charts.
 Gold Mother is the third studio album from English band James originally released June 1990. The album was recorded for Rough Trade Records but James asked to be released from their contract with them and moved to Fontana. After the success of a Flood Mix of Come Home and the non-album singles Lose Control and Sit Down the album was re-released almost a year later to include these tracks replacing other tracks on the album.
 Haywire is the fourth studio album by American country music singer Josh Turner. It was released on February 9 2010 via MCA Nashville and debuted at number five on the U.S. Billboard 200 and number two on the Top Country Albums selling 85000 copies. The album produced three singles including the Number One hits Why Don't We Just Dance and All Over Me. As with his previous three studio albums Turner worked with producer Frank Rogers.
 Blissard is the fifth full length studio album by the Norwegian band Motorpsycho. It was the first where the band tried to bring some more focused and pre-written songs to tape as opposed to their earlier working technique of doing lot of experimenation and brainstorming in the studio. It is often ranked among their best work by fans and critics.
 Life is Elsewhere is the second studio album by Newcastle band Little Comets. The album was released on 15 October 2012. It includes the EPs Worry Jennifer and A Little Opus.
 It's Only Love is an album by Simply Red. It was released in 2000 on East West Records. It peaked at #27 in the United Kingdom and #35 in Germany. The album is a compilation album primarily featuring the band's love ballads.
 Appalachia Waltz is the first album from the trio of fiddler and composer Mark O'Connor double-bassist and composer Edgar Meyer and cellist Yo-Yo Ma. Sony Classical released the disc in 1996. The album announces a new kind of Americana-styled Western art music with ancestry in old-timey bluegrass folk and traditional European classical styles. It was recorded over three days 14 August-17 August 1995.
 Letter to Home is the 40th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1984 (see 1984 in music).
 Undisonus is an album of contemporary classical music by guitarist Terje Rypdal recorded in 1986 and 1987 and released on the ECM label in 1990.
 Waves of Sound is a 2000 album by Israeli DJ Yahel Sherman.
 Remember This is the second album released by American power pop band Artist vs. Poet which was released on April 25 2012. It marks their first Self Release after being dropped by Fearless Records on December 7 2011.
 Muzyka Emocjonalna is the first EP and seventh album overall by Polish rapper Pezet a member of Płomień 81. The EP was only sold on the official website of the project with only 5000 copies made available.
 It's Never Too Late is an album by jazz bassist Monk Montgomery released in 1969 on Motown Records.
 Live in New York is the final album recording by the American country blues musician Mississippi Fred McDowell. New York based American independent Oblivion Records released the first edition in the Spring of 1972 months before McDowell's death in July 1972. A subsequent Oblivion issue with a one song substitution and new and redesigned liner notes came out one year later.
 WOW Hits 2013 is a two-disc compilation album composed of some of the biggest hits on Christian radio in 2012. This disc features 33 songs (39 on the deluxe edition). It has sold 282000 copies as of May 2013.The WOW Series of which this release is a part has sold 17 million copies as of 27 September 2011.
 Funktion Junction is a 1976 album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell. It was his last album released by RCA Records.
 The Walls We Bounce Off Of is a bluegrass album by American musician John Hartford released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).
 Last Man Standing is the third studio album by American rapper MC Eiht released November 11 1997 on Epic Street. It was produced by MC Eiht Dat Nigga Daz and DJ Muggs. As with his last 2 albums Last Man Standing features participation from MC Eiht's group Compton's Most Wanted. The album's lead single was 'Hit the Floor' produced by and featuring Daz Dillinger.
 Reba McEntire is Reba McEntire's first studio album. It featured her first single I Don't Wanna Be a One Night Stand as well as a cover of the Jennifer Warnes hit Right Time of the Night and the Hot hit Angel in Your Arms. Her debut album was not a success and it failed to chart. It was re-issued on CD in 1993 and released digitally in 2012.
 Stay Trippy is the third solo studio album by American rapper Juicy J. The album was released on August 23 2013 by Kemosabe Records and Columbia Records.
 Morrison CO 1996 is a complete concert by Widespread Panic. This show is the sixth release from Widespread Panic's Porch Songs project. This performance was recorded live at Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Morrison Colorado on May 31 1996. The two-track soundboard recording features all original band members including late guitarist Michael Houser.
 Mysteryfunk is the first EP by Garage A Trois released in 1999. It is a 45 rpm 12-inch vinyl record. The recordings were taken completely improvised live and with no overdubs or samples at Magazine Studios during the February 1998 recording of Stanton Moore's debut solo release All Kooked Out!.
 Buzzcocks is the seventh studio album by English pop punk band Buzzcocks. It was released on 18 March 2003 through Merge Records.
 Monolith is the second album by Swedish Progressive Death metal band In Mourning. It was Released In North America in on the 16th of February 2010 .
 Aurora is the eponymously-titled debut album by American/British girl group Aurora. It was a big success in the UK and featured the hit single Mercy Me.
 De Facto is debut album by Marčelo released in 2003. It was one of best selling albums in 2003. The most critics were risen around song Kuća na promaji which in short defines Marčelo's style: very personal colorful criticism over political situation in Serbia.
 Now Please Don't You Cry Beautiful Edith is an album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Roland Kirk. It was originally released on the Verve label in 1967 and features performances by Kirk with Lonnie Liston Smith Ronnie Boykins and Grady Tate.
 Innocence is Kinky is the second studio album by Norwegian musician Jenny Hval. It was released in April 2013 under Rune Grammofon. The title track was released as a music video diected by Zia Anger.
 Racially Yours is an album recorded by the band The Frogs. The album was originally presented to Homestead Records in 1991 but they refused to release it because of its controversial subject matter.[citation needed] At this point the album only consisted of the first 12 songs.
 The Marathon Continues or TMC for short is the sixth official mixtape by American rapper Nipsey Hussle. The mixtape was released as a free digital download on mixtape hosting websites and to iTunes on November 1 2011 via Hussle's All Money In record label. The mixtape featured production by 1500 or Nothin' THC Wizzo and Mistah Mota among others. Guest appearances on the mixtape included Dom Kennedy YG Cobby Supreme and Yung Brodee among others.
 The Queen is the second studio album by Swedish singer Velvet. Her official website and her label Bonnier confirmed that The Queen would be released on March 18 2009. The album features fourteen tracks including the singles Fix Me Chemistry Déjà Vu Take My Body Close and The Queen. Also included is a cover of Ultravox's 1984 single Dancing with Tears in My Eyes.
 Taste This is a CD of a stand-up comedy show featuring Ellen DeGeneres in which she talks about common daily problems and enjoying situations that we all can relate to. This is one of her well known stand up shows that was a huge success in the United States. As of late 2008 the CD is out of print but can still be purchased used on many websites.The album peaked at #30 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers charts.
 Klaviermusik (English: Piano Music) is the sixth release of Einstürzende Neubauten's Musterhaus project a series of highly experimental CD releases that were only available via an annual subscription through their website or from shows during their 25th Anniversary Tour.
 Pain Killer is the fourth studio album by Japanese pop duo moumoon. It was released in January 30 2013 in 4 different editions.
 Cuando Sale Un Lucero is the seventeenth album from Mexican pop music singer and actress Lucero. And her sixth album with mariachi. With this album Lucero changed label and is the first under the EMI contract. It was released on 20 October 2004 in Mexico where the sales reached gold status.This album received the Orgullosamente Latino Award for Best Latin Album of the Year in 2005.At the time the album sold around 80000 copies in Mexico being certified as double gold.
 Talent Zero is a cover album released by Polish punk rock band The Analogs. The band decided to make a tribute for all the bands that influenced their music since the very beginning of the band's existence. All lyrics were translated into Polish.
 Ten Thousand Bars is the eighth album and the sixth studio album by Ezio released in 2006.
 Best of King's X is a compilation album by hard rock band King's X. The songs on this compilation spanning a decade of discography were selected by fans in an online poll.
 Jamal Plays Jamal is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in 1974 and released on the 20th Century label.
 Invisible Girl is the third studio album by garage rock band The King Khan & BBQ Show. The album was recorded in 2008 and was released on November 3 2009.
 Låter som miljarder (Sounds like billions) is the tenth album by the Swedish indie rock band bob hund. It was released on the 15th of February 2012. The first single Stanna klocka stanna was released on the 20th of September 2011.The cover of the album consists of 15 small ads for imaginary companies.
 Living in the 70's is the debut album by Melbourne band Skyhooks. Released in October 1974 on the Mushroom Records label the album achieved relatively little success until early 1975. It spent 16 weeks at the top of the Australian album charts from late February 1975 and became the highest-selling album by an Australian act in Australia up until that time with sales of 240000. In October 2010 it was listed at No.
 Beautiful (Chinese: 太美麗; literally Too Beautiful) is Taiwanese Mandopop singer-songwriter David Tao's fifth Mandarin studio album. It was released on 4 August 2006 by EMI Music Taiwan.The album features a mid-tempo duet 今天妳要嫁給我 (Marry Me Today) with Jolin Tsai. It was awarded Best Song of the Year at the 18th Golden Melody Awards in 2007 and Best Loved by Audience and one of the Top 10 Songs of the Year at the 2007 HITO Radio Music Awards presented by Taiwanese radio station Hit FM.
 Od ljubavi oslepeo is the fifth studio album of Montenegrin singer Šako Polumenta which was released in 2000.
 El primero (The First One) is a studio album recorded by Puerto Rican singer Juan Manuel Lebrón released in 1990. The album became his first number-one album on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart. It was nominated for Tropical/Salsa Album of the Year at the Lo Nuestro Awards.
 Very Meaningful is a greatest hits compilation album by cantopop singer Mimi Lo.
 Midnight Boom is the third album by indie rock band The Kills released on March 10 2008 through Domino Records (March 17 2008 in the United States). It was recorded at the Key Club Recording Company in Benton Harbor Michigan. The title refers to the hours from midnight to 6 a.m. in which the band was at the creative peak writing material for the album.
 Un Escorpión Perfumado (Spanish for A Perfumed Scorpion) is the nineteenth studio album by Omar Rodríguez-López as a solo artist. Marcel Rodríguez-López and Deantoni Parks who toured with the Omar Rodriguez Lopez Group in 2010 are featured on the album. The title is a reference to the book A Perfumed Scorpion. On November 29 an official video for the song Agua Dulce De Pulpo was released. The digital download version was released on December 20.
 Noch (Russian: Ночь) is a 1986 album by Soviet band Kino. The title means Night.The original release was via samizdat. In 1988 the album was issued on vinyl by Melodiya.
 Chemins de Terre was a folk rock album by Alan Stivell originally released in 1973. It was produced by Franck Giboni. It was retitled From Celtic Roots... in England and Celtic Rock in Germany.
 Little Plastic Remixes (1999) is the second EP released by Ani DiFranco. It consists of three remixes (all by DiFranco herself) of songs from her 1998 album Little Plastic Castle and one live track from her 1993 album Puddle Dive. This EP is only available directly from the Righteous Babe Records website and was the only DiFranco record to be released on vinyl until her 2005 release Knuckle Down.
 Radio Ixtlan is the fourth studio album by the British experimental extreme music project Ewigkeit. It is a concept album based on the concept of the journey of the soul examining psychological parapsychological and mythological themes.
 Olé! Tarantula is a 2006 album by Robyn Hitchcock recorded with Peter Buck of R.E.M. Scott McCaughey of Young Fresh Fellows and Bill Rieflin of Ministry who are billed collectively as The Venus 3.
 Dauwhe is an album by American jazz clarinetist John Carter recorded in 1982 for the Italian Black Saint label.
 Watch Out! is a 1987 album released by R&B singer Patrice Rushen. This album was the only album Rushen released with Arista Records after leaving Elektra Records. The album produced several R&B hits for Rushen. Watch Out was a playful upbeat title single which made out to be a Top Ten R&B hit. Other songs such as: Somewhere Anything Can Happen All My Love Till She's out of Your Mind Come Back to Me and Tender Lovin were also popular with her fans.
 The Xylem Tube EP is an early EP by electronic music artist Richard D. James commonly known by his pseudonym of Aphex Twin. It was his second release under the Aphex Twin alias on R&S Records of Belgium the alias he used for all of his releases on this label.Xylem Tube EP was released exclusively on vinyl in June 1992.
 A Solas Con Chayanne is the second live album by Puerto Rican singer Chayanne. It was recorded during his concert at Auditorio Nacional in Mexico as part of the tour No Hay Imposibles.Like his previous live album Chayanne: Vivo the album will be released in CD/DVD format. It's also Chayanne's first Blu-ray Disc release.
 Ripp Tha Game Bloody (Street Muzic) is the third studio album by American rapper RBX released January 27 2004 on Gangsta Advisory Records and Premeditated Entertainment. The album features guest performances by several West Coast heavy-weights including: Snoop Dogg Soopafly Kokane and Daz Dillinger. The last two songs are hidden bonus tracks. Also there is a deluxe edition of this album that include 23 tracks the 19 tracks from the album + the hidden tracks + 2 new tracks.
 De la Cabeza is the sixth album by the Argentine Rock band Bersuit Vergarabat released in 2002. Is the only Live album of the band recorded at the Obras Sanitarias Stadium in Buenos Aires and at the Haedo's ShowCenter. Features the best tracks of the band until that time. The track Un Pacto has never been released in a studio album and the track Perro Amor Explota has only been released in the Amores Perros soundtrack.
 Call Me Goodie is the debut album by R&B singer Robert Goodie Whitfield released in 1982 on Total Experience Records. It was produced by label owner Lonnie Simmons famous for his work with the Gap Band and Jonah Ellis producer for labelmates Yarbrough & Peoples.Call Me Goodie peaked at No. 31 on the R&B albums chart. The song Do Something was featured on episode #405 of Soul Train.
 The Tour Support EP was a limited release sold only on the tour leading up to the release of Limbeck's first album with Doghouse Records Hi Everything's Great.
 WOW Hits 2007 is a two-disc compilation album of songs that represent the best of Christian music of 2006. It was released on October 3 2006.
 Out of the Silent Planet is the debut release from King's X. The title of the album comes from the title of a book of the same name by C.S. Lewis an author favored by band members Ty Tabor and Jerry Gaskill. Out of the Silent Planet is also the title of the first track from the follow up album Gretchen Goes to Nebraska.
 This Is It and I Am It and You Are It and So Is That and He Is It and She Is It and It Is It and That Is That is the second album by Marnie Stern it was released on October 7 2008 on Kill Rock Stars. The album's title comes from an Alan Watts quote in his work On the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are (1966) which was in turn a quotation from James Broughton's The Bard and the Harper (1965)[citation needed].
 Limbo is a 1996 album by the American alternative rock band Throwing Muses released on Rykodisc. The album was recorded at the same New Orleans studio the band recorded University. Following a tour for the album Throwing Muses were dissolved with Kristin Hersh continuing her solo career and David Narcizo and Bernard Georges working on several personal and music projects including Hersh's.
 Shock Front is the first full length album by Converter released November 22 1999 (see 1999 in music). The album is released in two editions the first featuring a special metal plate packaging (now deleted) the second featuring a regular cardboard booklet format (still available).
 The Brink is the first album by Duncan Patterson's gothic rock band Alternative 4. It was first released in 2011.
 Out of Many...One is the debut album by Jamaican singer Tami Chynn. It was released through Universal Mowtown Records and SRC Records in the USA on August 7 2006 and in Japan on September 8 2006.
 State of the World Address is the third studio album by American band Biohazard. Sen Dog has a guest performance on the song How It Is.Lack There Of contains audio samples taken from the Quentin Tarantino film Reservoir Dogs.
 Never Let You Go is a 1983 album by Rita Coolidge and was released on the A&M Records label. The album originally did not contain the song All Time High from the movie Octopussy. After the success of the song it was added to later pressings and included on the album.
 Still Be Love in the World is a compilation album released on March 1 2001 by Sting exclusively at Target stores in the United States. It consists of live recordings and remixes.
 The Great American Weed Smoker is the name of the fifth record released by horrorcore rapper King Gordy.Peter ToshThe Great American Weed SmokerMr. Ganjah ManMy LoveFearlessWar of the WorldsHustlerCome Out and Play (feat. Fat Killahz)High Me-Sober MeA Teenage LoveHeadbandPeter Tosh (Outro)
 Blake Shelton's Barn & Grill is the third studio album by American country music artist Blake Shelton. Released in 2004 on Warner Bros. Records Nashville it is his third consecutive album to achieve RIAA gold certification. The album produced four singles in When Somebody Knows You That Well Some Beach Goodbye Time and Nobody but Me. Like on his previous album he co-wrote two songs.
 Motive was a West German Sensational Alex Harvey Band LP created from songs off Framed (1972) Next (1973) Tomorrow Belongs to Me (1975) and SAHB Stories (1976). Five of the tunes were plugged on the front cover with Sharks Teeth St. Anthony and The Last Of The Teenage Idols taken care of however with a simple and many others.
 TP is the debut album by NBA star Tony Parker. The album was released in 2007 for Music One and was recorded only in the French language.
 Live Session EP is an iTunes Exclusive album by American singer-songwriter Chan Marshall published in 2006 by Matador Records. It includes an acoustic version of the song Love & Communication from Marshall's earlier 2006 album The Greatest as well as three previously unreleased cover songs.
 Valley of the Dolls was Generation X's 1979 second album and was produced by Ian Hunter. The album contained the UK hit singles: King Rocker which reached No. 11 in the charts in January 1979 the title track Valley of the Dolls which made No. 23 in April of the same year and Friday's Angels which got to No. 62 in June 1979. The album is only indirectly related to the novel and film of this name and the title cut is an original song.
 Ground is the second album by the Nels Cline Trio. Initially it was to be a 7 but reviewing the demos Krown Pocket director Brian Rosser suggested an album.
 Fruit at the Bottom is a 1989 album by Wendy & Lisa the duo's second full-length release. Wendy Melvoin's twin sister Susannah and Cole Ynda Lisa's sister contributed background vocal work to the record as well as touring extensively with their sisters. It peaked at number 119 on the U.S. Billboard 200.
 Freedom is the fourteenth studio album by Santana.By this recording Santana had nine members some of which had returned after being with the band in previous versions. Freedom moved away from the more poppy sound of the previous album Beyond Appearances and back to the band's original Latin rock. It failed however to revive Santana's commercial fortunes reaching only ninety-five on the album chart.
 Frank Zappa Plays the Music of Frank Zappa: A Memorial Tribute is a posthumous album by Frank Zappa.According to the liner notes Frank's son Dweezil talked with his father shortly before Frank's death about the songs Frank had written that he would consider to be his signature tunes. These were Zoot Allures Black Napkins and Watermelon in Easter Hay.
 Signs of a Vacant Soul is Virgos Merlot's first and only album. It was released on March 2 1999 by Atlantic Records. The album's only single Gain had moderate radio play and reached #40 on the U.S. Mainstream Rock chart.The band later reformed minus guitarist Marchant as Virgos.The opening track The Cycle has been featured in an episode of The Sopranos
 Identity is the only album by Zee a short-lived duo partnership consisting of Pink Floyd keyboardist Richard Wright and Dave Harris of New Romantic outfit Fashion released in 1984. Wright later stated that he felt Identity was an experimental mistake that should never have been released. The album was written and produced by Wright and Harris and all the lyrics were penned by Harris.The album makes heavy use of the Fairlight CMI a musical synthesizer popularized in the 1980s.
 Kashif is a the self-titled debut of Kashif. It was a hit that put him on the music scene with his R&B single I Just Gotta Have You. The album also includes the hits Stone Love Help Yourself to My Love and Say Something Love. This album was digitally remastered by Funky Town Grooves in 2012 and includes five additional tracks.
 Hajj is an album by Muslimgauze. The release was on 12 vinyl only. The album is dedicated to Yasser Arafat and the P.L.O..[1]Under Black Light was later released on the CD compilation Chapter of Purity.
 Mirrors is the second studio album from German singer Sandra released in 1986.
 City Raga is the eighteenth album by Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1995 on Milan Records.
 We Didn't Come Here to Die is the first album by pop punk band The Copyrights.
 Live From Nowhere Volume 3 is a live album by Over the Rhine released in 2008 containing highlights from the band's 2007 shows. The CD is a limited edition and comes in a fold-out digipak.
 Picture of You is the debut studio album by English singer-songwriter Ben Mills who finished in third place on the third series of The X Factor in December 2006. The album was released on 12 March 2007 and entered the UK Albums Chart at number three with first week sales of 63500 before dropping to number 14 the following week.
 Compliments also known as Garcia is Jerry Garcia's second solo album released in 1974. It includes one newly written song by John Kahn and Robert Hunter but is otherwise cover versions. The album peaked at number 49 on the Billboard chart.
 Gutta is the debut studio album by American rapper Ace Hood. It was released on November 18 2008 by We the Best Music Group and Def Jam Recordings. The album's lead single Cash Flow featuring T-Pain and Rick Ross with additional vocals by DJ Khaled was released on May 1 2008. The album's second single Ride featuring American R&B singer-songwriter Trey Songz was released on July 14 2008.As of August 2009 Music videos of Get Him Ride (Remix) and Can't See Y'all were released.
 This article describes Then 2 in the Canadian Now! series. It should not be confused with Now and Then Volume 2 in the South African Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! And Then Volume 2 and List of Now That's What I Call Music! albums.Then 2 is a music compilation album that was released in Canada in 2000.
 Trap God 2 is a mixtape by American rapper Gucci Mane released on February 12 2013. The mixtape features guest appearances from Young Scooter Wiz Khalifa Lil Wayne Young Thug Big Bank Black OG Boo Dirty Waka Flocka Flame PeeWee Longway Young Dolph Rulet 1017 Verse Simmonds Rocko and Lloyd.
 You're the Inspiration: A Collection (1997) is the second album released by Peter Cetera for River North Records and the sixth album released as a solo artist. While labelled as a 'collection' the album is not really a compilation of 'Greatest Hits' but rather a collection of previously recorded duets a few new songs and a few re-recordings of old Chicago hits.
 No One Else But Kenny is a studio album by the late clarinetist Kenny Davern recorded shortly before his death. It showcases Kenny with his trio taking a break from his normal routine of dixieland style playing in favor of a more swinging project.
 Rush Replay X 3 is a DVD box set of three separate filmed concert presentations by the Canadian band Rush released on June 13 2006. The three shows presented are Exit... Stage Left Grace Under Pressure Tour and A Show of Hands which were originally released individually in 1982 1985 and 1989 respectively on VHS and Laserdisc. For Replay X 3 each filmed concert has been remixed in 5.1 surround sound by Rush guitarist and co-producer Alex Lifeson.
 Get Wet is the debut studio album by American electronic dance music group Krewella. It was released in the United States on September 24 2013 by Columbia Records.
 Reckoning Night is the fourth full-length studio album by the Finnish power metal band Sonata Arctica as well as the first to feature keyboardist Henrik Klingenberg.
 Self Destruction Blues is an album by the Finnish rock band Hanoi Rocks released in 1982. Although often listed as a studio album Self Destruction Blues is a compilation of singles and B-sides that the band recorded in 1981 and 1982. None of the tracks on Self Destruction Blues however appear on their previous albums. Guns N' Roses were rumoured to record a cover version of Beer and a Cigarette for their 1993 release The Spaghetti Incident?.
 Sistem (Macedonian: Систем system) is the first and only album by Opstrukcija. It was released in 1999. The only known reference to it is an official Badmingtons biography which mentions the album. The track Let vo prazno appeared on the compilation CD Preku takvoto in 2001. The track Odam appeared on an old version of the Karter Film website which has since been removed.
 Weapon is an EP by Six Finger Satellite released in 1991 through Sub Pop.
 Supa Doopa Remix is the fourth release by Les Georges Leningrad. It was released April 12 2005 by Troubleman Unlimited.
 The Peel Sessions 1988–90 is a Bolt Thrower album consisting of three Peel Sessions. It is released on Strange Fruit: DEI 8118-2 in 1991 and recorded live in the studio. It is produced by Dale Griffin.
 Desafinado is an album by American jazz saxophonist Coleman Hawkins featuring performances recorded in 1962 for the Impulse! label.
 Close-Up Vol. 4 Songs of Family is the eleventh studio album by New York-based singer/songwriter and musician Suzanne Vega. The album consists of re-recordings of songs from Vega's back catalogue with stripped-down arrangements that highlight her lyrics and melodies. Two of the songs Brother Mine and The Silver Lady are songs Vega wrote more than 30 years ago but are only now seeing an official recording and release.
 An Evening of Acoustic Music is a live album by American blues artist Taj Mahal. It was recorded October 6 1993 in Bremen Germany at Modernes.
 This Here Is Bobby Timmons is the debut album led by American jazz pianist Bobby Timmons recorded in 1960 and released on the Riverside label.
 Songs From Martin St. is the first studio album released by Australian Reggae Group Carus and The True Believers. The album was recorded between September and December 2002 at Martin St Studios Melbourne (thus the name) and was released in February 2003. The album was listed at number 18 on the Australian Independent Records chart soon after its release. Songs From Martin St has Carus Thompson on vocals and guitar Jason McGann from John Butler Trio on drums and Noel Manyam on bass.
 Lisa Brokop is the self-titled third studio album by Canadian country music artist Lisa Brokop. It was released on February 20 1996 by Capitol Records. She Can't Save Him Before He Kissed Me and West of Crazy were all released as singles. Reba McEntire and Trisha Yearwood covered She Can't Save Him on McEntire's 2007 album Reba: Duets.Tracks 1 3 7 8 and 10 were produced by Jerry Crutchfield while tracks 2 4 5 6 and 9 were produced by Josh Leo.
 Kansas City 7 is a 1980 studio album by Count Basie.
 Ecobondage is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow it uses handmade thin metal precussion with an emphasis on scratched metal noises.The title stands for Bondage Economy.
 Kill the Kilians is the debut album by German indie rock band Kilians first released in September 2007.
 Under Construction is the fourth studio album by American rapper Missy Elliott released by The Goldmind Inc. and Elektra Records on November 12 2002 (see 2002 in music) in the United States. The album was primarily produced by Timbaland with additional production from Craig Brockman Nisan Stewart Errol Poppi McCalla and Elliott herself. Upon release Under Construction received universal acclaim from music critics based on an aggregate score of 81/100 from Metacritic.
 This Way is the debut album by Hana Pestle. The album was released on September 22 2009 via Hanapestle.com and iTunes through Ben Moody's label FNR Records.MojoRadio.us calls This Way a journey where Pestle's lyrics combine with an emotive and ethereal vocal style to evoke soul stirring memories. Her songs sway from brooding and moody to inspiring and uplifting.
 Love Lives Forever is the sixth and final studio album by American soul singer Minnie Riperton. Released posthumously it was co-produced by her husband Richard Rudolph and released on her then-label Capitol Records. It consists of unused vocal sessions put in music and vocally completed by artists she admired or with whom she shared her musical style.
 Where Forever Begins is the second album released by American country music artist Neal McCoy. It was released in 1992 on the Atlantic label. The album's title track was McCoy's first Top 40 hit on the Billboard country music charts. Now I Pray for Rain and There Ain't Nothin' I Don't Like About You were also released as singles.
 Studio 150 is the seventh album by British artist Paul Weller. It comprises covers of songs by a variety of artists and showcases Weller's myriad musical influences. It was named after the small Amsterdam studio in which it was recorded. It entered the charts at #2.
 Belafonte By Request is an album by Harry Belafonte released in 1970.
 Pachanga is the seventh full-length studio album by Argentine pop singer King África. The album was released in Spain Argentina and the US in 2001 through Vale Music.
 This Darkened Heart is the second studio album by the metal band All That Remains released on 23 March 2004. It includes the singles This Darkened Heart Tattered on My Sleeve and The Deepest Gray all three of which had music videos created for them.This Darkened Heart is the first album feature their current guitarist Mike Martin and last album to feature Matt Deis and Michael Bartlett.
 Super Tight... is the second album by UGK. As of 2011 it has sold 374985 copies. Super Tight... is notable for being the first UGK album to have The Meters guitarist Leo Nocentelli featured as a session musician.
 Brakebein is the second full-length album by Norwegian folk metal band Trollfest. It was released on May 24 2006. The album is a concept album based on a search for the 'Legendary Beer'.
 Getaway is an album by New Zealand group The Clean released in 2001. The songs Alpine Madness and Circle Canyon feature contributions from Yo La Tengo members Georgia Hubley and Ira Kaplan.
 Tom Tom Club is Tom Tom Club's first album released in 1981 containing the UK hit singles Wordy Rappinghood which reached No. 7 in June 1981; Genius of Love which reached No. 65 in October of the same year; and Under the Boardwalk which reached No. 22 in August 1982. When released in the U.S. Genius of Love peaked at #31 on the Billboard Hot 100. Both Wordy Rappinghood and Genius of Love topped the U.S.
 American/English is Acoustic Alchemy's fourth album release on the Higher Octave Music label and contains eleven tracks making it also their shortest album with the label to date.The album was preceded by single Say Yeah for smooth jazz radio in the USA an offering in a hip-hop style remarked by some to be similar in style to British urban singer-songwriter Craig David.
 Blue Spring is an album by jazz trumpeter Kenny Dorham and saxophonist Cannonball Adderley released on the Riverside label featuring performances by Dorham and Adderley with Dave Amram Cecil Payne Cedar Walton Paul Chambers and Philly Joe Jones or Jimmy Cobb.
 The Red One is a studio album by American R&B and Boogie-woogie pianist and vocalist Little Willie Littlefield.
 Hi Fi Way is an album by the Australian rock band You Am I released in 1995. The album reached #1 on the local albums chart and is one of the most influential and critically acclaimed Australian albums of the last twenty years[citation needed] inspiring the likes of Jet The Vines and Wolfmother.[citation needed] In 2008 it was voted the sixth greatest Australian album of all time in The Age newspaper's 50 Greatest Aussie Albums poll. In October 2010 it was listed at No.
 Carefree is the first full-length album by Los Angeles based Devon Williams since disbanding Fingers Cut Megamachine.
 Elvis Inspirational RCA's 2006 compilation is part of a set of six theme-based compilations that also includes Elvis Rock Elvis Country Elvis Movies Elvis Live and Elvis R&B and while this collection suggests that it will deliver 20 tracks of Elvis singing gospel tunes that's not quite the case.
 1 Polish 2 Biscuits & a Fish Sandwich is the debut album of hip-hop duo The Outhere Brothers released in 1994. It peaked at #56 on the UK Albums Chart. There are multiple versions of the album released each with different covers and modified/different tracklistings. The album's title is a reference to a penis buttocks and a vagina. The group's following LP The Party Album contained 'clean' versions of many of the tracks here with alternative 'radio-friendly' lyrics.
 Ambient is the second studio album by American electronica musician Moby. It was released on August 17 1993 and received mediocre reviews; Moby did not gain any real acclaim for his 1990s electronic dance music albums until he released Everything Is Wrong in 1995.Ambient unlike most other Moby studio albums has never been re-released in a special edition or a remastered issue.
 Square the Circle (stylized as SQUARE THE CIRCLE) is the fourth studio album by J-pop singer Mami Kawada. It was released on August 8 2012 by Geneon Universal Entertainment. The album includes thirteen tracks which includes her singles No Buts! See Visions and Serment.The album came in a limited CD+Blu-ray edition (GNCV-1030) and a regular CD-only edition (GNCV-1031). The limited edition also includes the music videos of Hishoku no Sora Seed and Portamento.
 On and On and Beyond is a debut extended play by Mac Miller. It was released digitally on March 29 2011. The tracks Another Night and Live Free were previously released on Mac Miller's 2009 mixtape The High Life while Life Ain't Easy and In the Air are taken from 2011's Best Day Ever. The EP entered the US Billboard 200 on April 16 2011 at number 55 on the chart.
 Full Bluntal Nugity is a live album by the American hard rock guitarist Ted Nugent recorded on New Year's Eve (12/31/2000) at Ted Nugent's annual Whiplash Bash in Detroit MI. A live DVD with the same title was released in 2003 by Eagle Rock Entertainment.
 Ahead of the Lions is an album by rock band Living Things released on October 4 2005. The first single is the song Bom Bom Bom was featured in a Cingular commercial promoting an iTunes-compatible phone.Living Things is a band of brothers (Lillian Eve and Bosh Berlin). Born and raised in the socially conservative suburbs of St.
 Ceremony: Remixes and Rarities is a 2003 compilation by Santana.
 Twist & Shout is the second album released by The Isley Brothers on the Wand label in 1962. Their second album after Shout! three years prior the album was released on the success of the title track which would later be covered by The Beatles more than a year later for their own hit version.
 Bruce Wayne: Gothom City 1987 is the sixth studio album by Esham released in 1997.
 Televisão de Cachorro is the fourth studio album of the Brazilian rock band Pato Fu. The album was produced by Dudu Marote. Televisão de Cachorro in Pato Fu's career and the first produced in part by Dudu Marote sold 120000 copies and strengthened the bonds between them leading to the next album Isopor where the electronics predominate. This was the first one after the inclusion of the drummer Xande Tamietti and had special appearances by André Abujamra (from Karnak) and Edu K.
 Someday is Younha's second Korean album released on August 28 2008. It is her first album to include an entirely English track (My Song and...).
 Billboard Top Hits: 1990 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 2000 featuring 10 hit recordings from 1990.The track lineup includes four songs that reached the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart including the No. 1 song of 1990 Hold On by Wilson Phillips. The remaining songs all reached the top 5 of the Hot 100.
 Round One: The Album is the first album released by the former four division boxing champion Roy Jones Jr. The album features the single That Was Then which peaked at number 2 on the Hot Rap Singles chart and number 57 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart in the U.S. Roy Jones Jr. would go on to release a second album with the group Body Head Bangerz titled Body Head Bangerz: Volume One.
 This article describes the 23rd album in the New Zealand Now series. It should not be confused with the original UK album of the same name. For more information see [[Now That's What I Call Music! 23 (U.K. series)]].Now That's What I Call Music 23 or Now 23 was released in 2007. The album is the 23rd edition of the (NZ) Now! series.
 Even Better Than the Disco Thing is an Irish charity album released by the commercial FM radio station Today FM for the Christmas market on 21 November 2008. The album features covers of well-known disco songs by a selection of Irish musicians. Disc one features sixteen tracks whilst disc two is labelled Mix CD and contains twelve of the same sixteen tracks all over again. All the songs were performed and recorded live on The Ray D'Arcy Show.
 Another Minute is the debut solo album from Ra front-man Sahaj Ticotin.
 WWF Tough Enough is an album of music related to WWF Tough Enough.
 Traction is the first album by New Zealand rock band Supergroove. It was released in 1994 by RCA Records debuting at #1 on the National Album Charts and quickly reaching platinum status. Before the band could record their second album creative differences forced member Che Ness to leave to pursue a solo career. To date the album has achieved the requirements for platinum status five times over.
 Agape – Agape / Love – Love is the fourteenth album by Popol Vuh. It was originally released in 1983 on Uniton. In 2004 SPV re-released the album with one bonus track.
 Cruzo los dedos (I cross my fingers) is the fifth album from Spanish singer-songwriter Lucía Pérez it was released on April 12 2011. The first single released from the album Que me quiten lo bailao was released on 25 March 2011.
 Generation Star Wars is the second album by Alec Empire released on Mille Plateaux in 1994.The original release of Generation Star Wars faced problems related to its artwork as it featured a stormtrooper (from the Star Wars films) with a swastika on his helmet on the rear of the sleeve. In Germany the home of Alec Empire and Mille Plateaux use of the swastika is forbidden regardless of the context. The artwork was removed on later pressings.
 B2K is the eponymous debut album from B2K. It was released on March 12 2002. The album debuted #2 at on the Billboard 200 and #1 on the R&B/Hip-Hop Albums Chart selling 109000 copies in the first week.
 Converge / Dropdead is a split EP featuring songs by the American rock bands Converge and Dropdead. The EP was self-released commercially in digital and 7 vinyl formats by both of the bands on June 16 2011 and will be distributed through Deathwish Inc. and Armageddon. Copies were also available during Converge and Dropdead's May/June 2011 tour with Trap Them and Burning Love.
 Mutiny Pop is the second album by pop punk band The Copyrights.
 The Barbarians Move In is the second album by Duels. It was released for digital download on 14 February 2008 followed by a physical release in April 2008 on This Is Fake DIY Records. It was produced engineered and mixed by the band themselves.
 Section 8 is the fourth studio album by American rapper MC Eiht released June 8 1999 on Hoo-Bangin' Records and Priority Records. This was also his first album on Mack 10's label Hoo-Bangin' Records. The album features production by Ant Banks DJ Slip Fredwreck Binky Mack and MC Eiht. It peaked at number 5 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 54 on the Billboard 200.
 Vivo is a live album album released by Puerto Rican singer Vico C.
 Reek of Putrefaction is the debut album by British extreme metal band Carcass. It was released by Earache Records in July 1988.
 Vallis Ex Umbra De Mortuus is an album by the US doom metal band Rigor Sardonicous.
 Nasty Nasty is the third studio album by the American glam metal band Black 'n Blue. It was produced by Kiss bassist Gene Simmons with the exception of the song I'll Be There For You which was written and produced by The Babys/Bad English/Journey rhythm guitarist/keyboardist Jonathan Cain.The title track is the basis of the Kiss song Domino and also contains the ending riff from Only You both Kiss songs credited to Simmons. Coincidentally guitarist Tommy Thayer would join Kiss in 2002.
 Chariot is the debut studio album by singer-songwriter Gavin DeGraw first released in 2003 on J Records. It was re-released in 2004 as Chariot (Stripped) which included all of the original Chariot content as well as a bonus disc.
 Français Pour Une Nuit (French for One Night) is a live DVD by the American heavy metal band Metallica recorded in Nîmes France in the Arena of Nîmes on July 7 2009 during the World Magnetic Tour. It was released in three formats. A standard DVD in a digipak including a 16-page booklet a Blu-ray also in a digipak with the booklet and a deluxe limited edition box set including the DVD a copy of Death Magnetic on CD a T-shirt laminated pass and five exclusive photos.
 Roger and Out was the debut album of country music singer-songwriter Roger Miller. It was released under the Smash Records label in 1964 and later re-released in 2005 under Vertigo Records adding the track Smile of Me. The second release did not chart but the first reached #3 on country album charts and #37 on the Billboard 200 and was ultimately certified as Gold by the RIAA.
 Grateful Dawg is the soundtrack to the 2000 film of the same name. It is a collaboration between Jerry Garcia and David Grisman. It was released on the Acoustic Disc record label.
 Stormbringer is the ninth studio album by Deep Purple released in November 1974. On this album the soul and funk elements that were only hinted at on Burn are much more prominent.
 The Travel Show EP is an EP by British rapper Braintax was released on Low Life Records in 1999. The EP was never released on CD; however it can be purchased on the Internet as a digital download in MP3 format.
 Amazing is the third studio album by German pop group Banaroo.
 Fabric 10 is a DJ mix compilation album by Doc Martin as part of the Fabric Mix Series.
 Hadaka no Kokoro is an album recorded by female Japanese pop artist Watanabe Misato. It was released on July 1 1998 by Sony Music Entertainment.
 Inner Revolution is a 1992 album by Adrian Belew. It was re-released in 2003 by Wounded Bird Records.
 The ayu-mi-x III Acoustic Orchestra Version is a remix album. All of the songs are from Ayumi Hamasaki's third studio album Duty.
 Bill Cosby is a Very Funny Fellow...Right! is the debut album release by Bill Cosby. It was recorded live at the nightclub The Bitter End in New York City's Greenwich Village during early 1963.
 Teaser is the fifth album by Angela Bofill released by Arista Records in 1983. The album cover was credited to Mick Rock.
 The Marriage of Heaven and Hell is the third release by American metalcore band A Plea for Purging. It was engineered and produced by Joey Sturgis and mixed and mastered by Brian Hood.
 Spring Tigers is the debut Mini-LP by Spring Tigers released October 19 2009 under exclusive US License to Bright Antenna. The album was made available as a Digital Download CD and Limited Edition 10 Record.
 Independent Worm Saloon is the sixth album by alternative rock band Butthole Surfers released in 1993 on Capitol Records.
 Century Days is the third album by Die Kreuzen released in July 1988 through Touch and Go Records.
 Vino is a lyrical rock album released by Draco Rosa in 2008 under Phantom Vox and a followup to Vagabundo. It was first published during the summer of 2007 under the alternate title of El Teatro del Absurdo in certain territories.
 The Best of The Bonzos is a compilation album of songs by The Bonzo Dog Band.
 Mr. Bojangles is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1973 and released on the Cadet label.
 El amor después del amor (Love after love) is the eighth album by Argentine musician Fito Páez released in 1992. El Amor Después del Amor marked the pinnacle of his commercial success.
 Back in Baby's Arms is the thirteenth studio album by American country artist Connie Smith. The album was released in October 1969 and was produced by Bob Ferguson. It was Smith's third and final album released in 1969.
 My Head Is an Animal is the debut studio album by the Icelandic alternative folk band Of Monsters and Men released through Record Records in Iceland in 20 September 2011. After their success topping the Icelandic charts with their debut single Little Talks the band signed with Universal Music Group and the album was released in North America through Republic Records on 3 April 2012.
 Still Me Still Now is Amy Diamond's second studio album. It was released on May 24 2006 by Bonnier Amigo Music Group.
 The Thing at the Nursery Room Window is the title of the debut recording by American folk and blues guitarist Peter Lang released in 1973. It was reissued in 2000 with three bonus tracks.
 Terrorbird is the debut album release by Los Angeles-based experimental punk band The Mae Shi. It was released in July 2004 on CD by 5 Rue Christine and on vinyl by Strictly Amateur Films. The original pressing of the record was limited to 500 copies.
 Guilt by Association Vol. 1 is a compilation album released September 4 2007 by Engine Room Recordings. It features indie rock artists covering well-known pop and R&B songs.
 Ideologia is a 1988 album recorded by Cazuza the third in his solo career. It won the Prêmio Sharp for best album in 1988 and sold more than 2 millions copies.Many of Cazuza's hits are from this album such as Ideologia Brasil and Faz Parte do Meu Show.The album cover tried to create some controversy. As one can see on its cover it mixes swastika and star of David.
 Every Grain of Sand is a tribute album to Bob Dylan recorded by Barb Jungr. The album is named after a Dylan song of the same name.
 Remixes 81–04 is an album by British electronic music group Depeche Mode which was released on 25 October 2004.It was the band's first release since Daniel Miller's independent label Mute Records was acquired by industry major EMI in 2002. It features well-known remixes from the band's back catalog as well as previously unavailable mixes.There are three versions of Remixes 81–04. The main version has 2 CDs.
 Trouser Jazz is an electronic album by Mr. Scruff released in 2002. It's Mr. Scruff's second proper album (actually his third but the early compilation album Mr. Scruff was deleted and re-released in 2005).
 The Best of D:Ream was the first official compilation album from British pop/dance band D:Ream issued by Magnet Records label and distributed by major Warner Bros. Records with the management of FXU. It was released in May 1997 just after their UK and U.S. Dance Number 1 hit Things Can Only Get Better was re-released for the second time re-entering the UK Top 20 Singles Chart at Number 19.
 Things Behind the Sun is the first EP by Australian indie rock band Sparkadia. The EP was released in 2007 and features the single Morning Light. Morning Light and Last Thing You Need are both featured on the debut album Postcards.It was recorded and produced by the band primarily in their rehearsal space.
 Dominator is the first album from The Time Frequency a Scottish techno band. It got to number 23 in the UK Album Charts in 1994.
 Crazy In Love is the first full-length album by Conway Twitty to be released in the 1990s. It was released in 1990 on MCA Records and included a pair of top three hits one in the title track and the other in the song I Couldn't See You Leavin'.
 La Caravane des Enfoirés is an album performed by Les Enfoirés released in 2007. It was recorded during the show at Le Zénith in Nantes on 27 January 2007.
 Once a Thief and Other Themes is an album of film and television themes by Argentine composer pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin recorded in 1965 and released on the Verve label. The album features rerecorded versions of Schifrin's themes from the motion pictures Once a Thief and Joy House and the television series The Man from U.N.C.L.E..
 Un Poco De Mi is Lisette Melendez's third album. Salsa dance and R&B combine on the album's eight songs such as Algo De Mi and Tocar El Cielo.
 Blessed Are... was a 1971 album by Joan Baez and her last with Vanguard Records. It included her hit cover of The Band's The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down and work by Kris Kristofferson the Beatles Jesse Winchester and The Rolling Stones as well as a significant number of Baez' own compositions.
 Sweet Shop is a limited edition compilation of rare and unreleased recordings by London-based glam rockers Rachel Stamp. It was released in 2004 via Rachel Stamp's official website and sold at gigs around the UK. The album features the unreleased WEA album Fight the Force of Evil as well as an assortment of B-sides and unreleased demo tracks by the WEA era line up of the band. The album is currently out of print.
 Instant Hits! longer title Instant Hits! - Samtliga hits 1979-1989 is a compilation album from pop group Gyllene Tider released on September 5 1989. Tracks 18-23 are recorded by Pers garage which is Gyllene Tider without Anders Herrlin. It reached the Top 10 peaking at #3 on the Swedish albums chart.
 Maestro is the third studio album by Norwegian alternative rock group Kaizers Orchestra released on 15 August 2005. It was later released as a 2CD Limited Edition with bonus tracks and videos.Like the two previous albums the lyrics on the compositions are stories that are all related somehow to the theme of the album this time in a post-war mental hospital owned by a man called Dieter Meyer.
 Get Guilty is A.C. Newman's second solo album released on January 20 2009 on Matador Records/Last Gang Records. The album was recorded during the summer of 2008 at Brooklyn's Seaside Lounge and produced by Newman and Phil Palazzolo. The first single from the album was The Palace at 4 AM.The album received favorable reviews upon its 2009 release and was sometimes described as a natural continuation of Newman's work with The New Pornographers.
 Leaf Palm Hand is a live album featuring a performance by Cecil Taylor and Tony Oxley recorded in Berlin on July 17 1988 as part of month long series of concerts by Taylor and released on the FMP label.The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states There's no letup for the entire set; it's one dazzling display after another until the piece just implodes from exhaustion — physical that is as the ideas still come fast and furious — and leaves the listener dazed and awed by such a soulful yet pyrotechnic display. 
 20th Anniversary Tour 2004 is a DVD release of music videos by the band KMFDM.
 Vertical Expressions is the first studio release of the collaboration between former Petra singer John Schlitt and guitarist Bob Hartman also known as II Guys from Petra. It was released on January 26 2007.Hartman was a founding member of legendary Christian rock band Petra in 1972 and worked with the band until its retirement in 2005. Schlitt was the lead singer of the band since 1986.
 In the... All Together is the twelfth studio album by the British folk metal band Skyclad released in the year 2009.This album was recorded completely by the band members. There are no 'guests' or orchestras etc. This was a deliberate move to try and keep the recordings as 'live and fresh' as possible and one aimed at taking the band into the studio 'all together'.
 Sarkology is the third studio album by Ghanaian hip hop recording artist Sarkodie released by Duncwills Entertainment on January 2 2014. The album features guest appearances from Fuse ODG Davido Tiwa Savage Banky W. Timaya 2 Face Idibia Efya Mugeez Obrafour Burna Boy Vivian Chidid Vector Silvastone Sk Blinks Stonebwoy Joey B J Town Lil Shaker Raquel Sian Kofi B and Aka.
 James Gang Rides Again is the second album by American rock band James Gang released in 1970 (see 1970 in music). It is the band's first album to feature bassist Dale Peters.
 Shadowman is a 2005 solo album by Steve Walsh.
 Scorn Defeat is the first full-length album by the Japanese black metal band Sigh. It is their most traditionally black metal album released and takes on a disturbing and bold formula lyrically. The album takes its title from a line in the title track from the 1981 album Welcome to Hell by Venom.The very first Scorn Defeat pressing by DSP has a black/white drawing on thecover. The second pressing of DSP has a bandpicture of Shinichi on the cover.
 Big World is a 1986 live album of original songs by Joe Jackson. The album was recorded in front of an invited audience at the Roundabout Theatre in New York City on 22–25 January 1986. The songs are loosely linked by lyrics covering a general theme of post-World-War-2 international relations and global travel.
 The Very Best Of Death Row is a 14-track compilation released by Death Row Records C.E.O/President Suge Knight and contains some of the best materials from artists such as 2Pac Snoop Dogg Dr. Dre and more. The last track is a previously unreleased track from both Death Row artists Petey Pablo and Kurupt. The re-release of this album which came out on November 22 2005 through the record label Koch contains music videos to the material on the album.
 Stories of Johnny is the second studio album by the British singer/songwriter Marc Almond. It was released in 1985 and reached number twenty-two on the UK Albums Chart.
 5 Songs EP is a release by South African post-grunge/alternative metal band Seether released through Wind-up Records in 2002. All five songs on the EP were included on the band's debut album Disclaimer.
 Anjunabeats Volume 10 is the tenth installment in the Anjunabeats Volume compilation series mixed and compiled by British trance group Above & Beyond. It was released on 4 March 2013 by Anjunabeats.The album includes four exclusive Above & Beyond productions (including a brand new instrumental club track) as well as unreleased material from artists Arty Andrew Bayer Norin & Rad Super8 & Tab Boom Jinx Maor Levi Kyau & Albert and many more.
 Dúlamán (Irish pronunciation: [ˈd̪ˠuːl̪ˠəmˠæn̪ˠ] English: Seaweed) is the third studio album by Irish folk group Clannad. It was released in 1976. It is named for its first track a rendition of the Irish folk song Dúlamán.
 Bang!... The Greatest Hits of Frankie Goes to Hollywood is a compilation album by Frankie Goes to Hollywood released in 1993 during a spate of reissuing and remixing of Frankie Goes to Hollywood product by ZTT Records hence the appearance of classic 1993 versions of two tracks and the addition of one incongruous contemporary remix on the American CD version of 1994.
 Hallucino-Genetics: Live 2004 is the first concert DVD from Primus released in October 2004. The show was filmed on June 26 2004 at the Aragon Ballroom in Chicago Illinois the band's last show of their 2004 tour. The performance features the original recording lineup of the band performing two sets the second of which features the band playing their first studio album Frizzle Fry in its entirety.
 Fast and Curious is the fourth studio album by American R&B recording artist Sy Smith released on March 6 2012 by Psyko! Records. The album was originally planned for a 2011 release. However the project was put on hiatus due to Smith wanting to record more material for the album and the 2011 Authenticity Tour with The Foreign Exchange. The album's musical style ranges from 1970s-80s funk and acid jazz to house elements such as electronica and electronic soul.
 Wasted In Jackson is the debut studio album recorded by American singer-songwriter Lauren Pritchard produced by Eg White and was released on 25 October 2010 on Island Records. The album was digitally released on 25 October 2010 followed by a physical release on 25 October 2010 through Island Records. The lead single from the album When the Night Kills the Day was released on 3 May 2010. A second single from the album Painkillers was released on 9 August 2010.
 Le som en fotomodell (’Smile Like a Model’) is a studio album made by Swedish punk band De Lyckliga Kompisarna. The album was released in 1991 and was the first of DLK's four studio albums.
 Live is the only live album by 311. Recorded during the Transistor tour. Notable for Chad Sexton's 2 minute 47 second drum solo during Applied Science.The album was apparently recorded on September 17 1997 at the UNO Lakefront Arena in New Orleans Louisiana.
 Abandoned Luncheonette is the second album by the American pop music duo Hall & Oates released in 1973 which combines folk Philly soul and acoustic soul. It is the most commercially successful of their first three albums of the duo's Atlantic Records period. Twenty-nine years after its release the album was certified platinum (over one million copies sold) by the Recording Industry Association of America. Critically acclaimed Rolling Stone and Allmusic both gave it a 5/5.
 Fucking Mess is the fifth studio album by Brainbombs. It was released in 2008 on blue vinyl in an edition of 630 by the Swedish label Lystring.
 He's Keith Murray is the fourth album by rapper Keith Murray and his first released by Def Jam. It was critically and commercially well received. It included the smash single Yeah Yeah U Know It.
 That Gibson Boy is an album by country music singer Don Gibson released in 1959.
 Blues for the Red Sun is the second studio album by American stoner rock band Kyuss released in 1992. While the album received mainly favorable reviews it fared poorly commercially selling only 39000 units. It has since become a very influential album within the stoner rock genre.Blues for the Red Sun was the last Kyuss album to feature founding bassist Nick Oliveri who was replaced by Scott Reeder shortly after recording had been completed. Reeder had previously played with The Obsessed.
 Apartment Hunting is a 2001 album by Mary Margaret O'Hara composed and released as a soundtrack album for the 2000 film Apartment Hunting.Guest musicians appearing on the album include Klave y Kongo and Rusty McCarthy.
 Neither Am I is the debut studio album by Irish band Bell X1 released on October 13 2000. It features a number of songs previously written and recorded with Damien Rice the lead singer of the band's former incarnation Juniper and with producer and Crowded House bassist Nick Seymour.
 River of Dreams is the twelfth studio album by American singer-songwriter Billy Joel released on August 10 1993. It is to date the last studio album made by Joel as a performer although he has subsequently released live albums and composed the music for an instrumental album performed by Richard Joo. River Of Dreams presented a much more serious tone from Joel than found in his previous albums dealing with issues such as trust and long-lasting love.
 Songs Are Our Universe is a posthumous retrospective/rare tracks collection for the band Japanese band Super Junky Monkey. It is a double-CD set and was released in 2001. It also features some bonus videos.It is considered by some to be a good introduction to the band. It is currently out of print.
 This is the second EP to be released by American band Get Scared in 2010 on Amazon and iTunes as a digital download only. The EP appears on the band's Myspace. Two of the song's from the EP Sarcasm and Voodoo were re-released on their debut album Best Kind of Mess. With the song Deepest Cut not being released on the album.
 FabricLive.63 is a 2012 DJ mix album by Digital Soundboy Soundsystem. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 She Must and Shall Go Free is the first solo studio album from singer-songwriter Derek Webb following his 2003 departure from Caedmon's Call.
 Forged Prescriptions is a 2-CD album by Spacemen 3 containing alternate and demo versions of songs from their album The Perfect Prescription and some previously unreleased tracks.
 Marinella gia panta (Greek: Μαρινέλλα για πάντα; English: Marinella forever) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Marinella. It was released in 1974 by PolyGram Records in Cyprus.
 Reassembling the Icons is the second album from modern rock band Parabelle. It was released on November 15 2010 (2010-11-15).
 Creio is the fifteenth album in the live praise and worship series of Contemporary worship music by Diante do Trono.
 Zero for Conduct is the first full length album released by Northern Ireland band Jetplane Landing.
 Krug u očima (A Circle in the Eyes) is a demo album by the Serbian alternative rock band Goribor released by the Croatian independent record label Slušaj Najglasnije! in 2004 consisting of home-made demo recordings made by the band in the period between 1997 and 1999.
 Background was the first LP released by Lifetime. It was recorded in 1992 and was originally released on January 1 1993 as New Age Records #15. The CD version was re-issued on July 1 1997 with nine live bonus tracks. It is currently out of print although all the songs including the live bonus tracks are available on the Somewhere in the Swamps of Jersey collection. The European edition of the album is entitled Ghost and has different artwork and tracklisting.
 A Whole Nother Radio Active Thang is a compilation album by Clarence Fuzzy Haskins. The album was released in 1994 by Westbound Records and combines two individual albums recorded by Haskins A Whole Nother Thang (1976) and Radio Active (1978) as well as a previously unreleased track entitled Right Back Where I Started From.
 Beware of Dog is the debut album by American rapper Lil' Bow Wow. It was released on September 26 2000 on So So Def and Columbia Records. Producer Jermaine Dupri and songwriter/producer Bryan-Michael Cox worked with Lil' Bow Wow for the album.The lead single was Bounce with Me. The song was originally released on the soundtrack for the film Big Momma's House. The album debuted at number eight on the US Billboard 200 chart with 101000 copies sold in the first week released.
 Feed Me Weird Things is the first album of British drum and bass/jazz musician Squarepusher. The album frequently uses elements of jazz grooves and breakbeat percussions.
 Telekon – Live is a live album by English musician Gary Numan. The album was released in 2008 by Mortal Records and is a recording of Numan's 9 December 2006 Telekon concert at the London Forum. This was the first of Numan's 'classic album' tours.The CD is an exclusive fan club release via Townsend Records.A DVD of the concert was also released.
 Not One Light Red: A Modified Document is a compilation album created by Scott Tennent (formerly of Half Visconte and then the current manager of Modified Arts) and David Jensen (formerly of Before Braille) to serve 3 essential missions. Its first mission was to create a record that would showcase and introduce local Phoenix bands to the rest of the United States. Second it was supposed to serve to help promote the local Phoenix music and art venue The Modified (also known as Modified Arts).
 Totally Hits was released on November 9 1999. The album was the first volume in the Totally Hits series. It peaked at #14 on the US Billboard 200 album chart. The album contains five Billboard Hot 100 number-one hits: No Scrubs Angel of Mine Smooth Believe and One Week.
 Maybe Tomorrow was the only album released by Badfinger under the name The Iveys. It was issued in 1969 on the Apple label in Japan West Germany and Italy. Although the album was scheduled to be released worldwide the release in the US and UK at that time was halted without explanation.
 Them Changes is a live album by pianist Ramsey Lewis which was recorded in Minneapolis in 1970 and released on the Cadet label.
 Gothic Electronic Anthems is the debut studio album from industrial metal band Gothminister.
 Audrey Hepburn's Enchanted Tales is a 1992 album featuring classic children's stories read by actress Audrey Hepburn. She was posthumously awarded a Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album for Children in 1993.
 Brad Paisley Christmas is an album released in 2006 by American country music artist Brad Paisley. His first album of Christmas music it features a mix of traditional Christmas songs and newly written songs. The track Born on Christmas Day was written by Paisley when he was thirteen years old and the recording features elements from a recording Paisley made of the song in 1985. Also included is a cover of Buck Owens' Santa Looked a Lot Like Daddy.
 Ultra – Live is the only live album by the German progressive metal band Superior released in 2005. It is a double album and it has 20 tracks.
 Words and Pictures is an album release in 1997 by Bob Snider.
 Woodstock: Three Days of Peace and Music is a 4-CD live box-set album of the 1969 Woodstock Festival in Bethel New York. Its release marked the 25th Anniversary of the festival. The box set contains tracks from Woodstock: Music from the Original Soundtrack and More Woodstock 2 and numerous additional previously-unreleased performances from the festival but not the stage announcements and crowd noises.
 Loliwe (English: The Train) is the debut studio album by South African singer-songwriter Zahara released on 6 September 2011. The album's production was handled by Robbie Malinga and Mojalefa Thebe. Georgyn Kanana made a guest appearance on it. The album was supported by the singles Loliwe and Ndiza. It has sold more than 400000 copies in South Africa reaching double platinum status. It is the second fastest selling album in South African history behind Brenda Fassie's Memeza.
 III is an IDM album by Download.
 Journey to the Center of the Mind is the second studio album released by The Amboy Dukes. It was released in April 1968 on Mainstream Records (stereo S/6112 mono 56112 (promo only)).A remastered CD reissue was released in 1992 by Mainstream Direct Ltd. with one bonus track (MDCD 911).
 Mile Markers is an album by American country music group Bastard Sons of Johnny Cash. This album was released on September 20 2005 on the Texacali label.
 Jubilee (full title Jubilee -Method of Inheritance-) is the major label debut album by Versailles but is actually their second full-length release. Released on January 20 2010 it's their last to feature all five original members due to Jasmine You's death while recording it bass parts are provided by both Jasmine You and Hizaki.
 The Further Adventures of Lord Quas is the second album by Quasimoto Madlib's alter ego. The Bus Ride EP was released in late 2004 and featured the singles Bus Ride Rappcats and Greenery. Hydrant Game was previously available on Madlib's Mind Fusion vol. 2 released in 2004.
 Mogwai Young Team (also known as Young Team) is the debut studio album by Scottish post-rock band Mogwai. Produced by Paul Savage and Andy Miller the album was released on 21 October 1997 through Chemikal Underground record label.
 Still is the first solo album released in 1973 by Pete Sinfield lyricist of progressive rock band King Crimson. At the time Sinfield was involved with Emerson Lake & Palmer and Greg Lake assisted with vocals while King Crimson alumni provided other assistance.
 The Exit Papers is an EP by Duluth Minnesota slowcore group Low released in 2000. Recorded at 20 Below Duluth. Mastered at Third Ear. Known as a soundtrack to an imaginary film the band sent their copies to movie makers and executives in hopes of getting work writing soundtrack music.
 Seventeen Stars was the debut recording from The Montgolfier Brothers. It was released in 1999 on the Vespertine label before the company folded. It has since been reissued by Quarterstick in the United States and by Alan McGee's Poptones elsewhere.
 Christmas Day in the Morning (Decca DL 5428 1952) is the first of several Christmas albums by the folk singer Burl Ives.
 Live À L'Olympia is a live album by Jeff Buckley released in 2001 (see 2001 in music). It is the second posthumous live album released since his death in 1997. The CD consists of performances taken from two separate concerts Buckley and his band played on July 6/7 1995 at Paris Olympia. The French crowd were very receptive as he was well regarded there as shown when he was awarded France's prestigious Grand Prix International Du Disque earlier that year.
 Meshes is an EP by Pram released on April 1994 through Too Pure.
 Hats is the second album from Glaswegian adult alternative/pop group The Blue Nile released on 16 October 1989 on Linn Records in the UK and on A&M Records in the US.Lush and evocative this album is considered by many music critics as the band's most enduring work and one of the best pop albums released in the 1980s. After a prolonged delay in which an entire album's worth of work was scrapped The Blue Nile released Hats to rave reviews including a rare five-star rating from Q magazine.
 Kicker In Tow is Hangedup's second album released in the fall of 2002 on Montreal's Constellation Records label. It was released on CD and LP catalogue number Constellation # CST022-1.
 Do or Die: Diary 1982 is an album chronicling Nico's European tour from January 18 to March 28 1982. It features songs from Nico's albums The Marble Index Desertshore The End...
 Sve što vidim i sve što znam (Serbian Cyrillic: Све што видим и све што знам; trans. All I See and All I Know) is the third album by the Serbian rock band Bjesovi released in 1997.
 The Parable of Arable Land is the debut studio album by The Red Krayola then known as The Red Crayola. Self-described as a Free Form Freak-Out the songs on the album introduce mainstay Mayo Thompson's signature style of abstract lyrics wed to minimalist (and often avant-garde) melodies and rhythms. The album is also notable for instrumental cameos by label mate and 13th Floor Elevators frontman Roky Erickson.
 Strange and Beautiful is Aqualung's first US album release: a compilation of tracks from Aqualung's first two albums: Aqualung and Still Life. This compilation making up his first US release includes Strange and Beautiful Brighter Than Sunshine and Falling Out of Love.The track Brighter Than Sunshine reached #32 on the Billboard Adult Top 40 Chart in the U.S. Strange and Beautiful reached #108 on the Billboard Top 200 and also hit #1 on the Top Heatseekers Chart.
 Falling Out is the debut studio album by Millbrook Ontario singer Serena Ryder released in Peterborough Ontario Canada in December 1999 by the independent record label Mime Radio.
 Chixdiggit! II is a re-recording of Chixdiggit's first CD. They re-recorded it and put it out on Bad Taste Records with a few extra songs they used to play. A rumoured explanation is that the original release had limited distribution in Europe and Sub Pop was not interested in returning the Masters. The album artwork was once again created by Calgary illustrator Tom Bagley who this time rendered the band members much older.
 Ministry of Sound Sessions Six is a dance music compilation album and sixth installment of the Australian Ministry of Sound sessions series. There are a total of 61 tracks spread across three discs. This was the first of the Sessions compilations to contain 3 disks the previous having 2. Disc one was mixed by Goodwill Disc two was mixed by Tommy Trash and Disc three was mixed by Dirty South.
 You Were Mad For Me is the second album from the British group Freddie and the Dreamers. The album was first released in 1964. This album is often mistakenly referred to as You Were Made For Me.
 Doe or Die: 15th Anniversary is the 15th anniversary edition of rapper AZ's debut album Doe or Die which was released in 1995 and received critical acclaim from music outlets. The album was released on November 30 2010.
 The Zico Chain released in 2006 was the first album by British rock band Zico Chain.
 Escape from Alcatraz is the fourth solo album by rapper Rasco and the first on his own label Pockets Linted.
 The Machines We Are is the second full-length studio album released by Dead and Divine. It was released on August 4 2009. The video for Neon Jesus was released in September 2009.
 Stormbreaker is the third solo album by former The La's bassist and Cast vocalist John Power.It was released on January 28 2008.
 Life After Jive: 2000 to 2005 is the fourth greatest hits album by American rapper Spice 1 released April 4 2006 on Real Talk Entertainment. The album features production by Big Hollis Blackjack DJ Epik Pimp C Spice 1 and Tone Tovin. The songs were recorded between 2000 and 2005 after Spice 1's last album on Jive Records was released Immortalized in 1999.
 The War on Errorism is the ninth studio album by the American punk rock band NOFX. It was released on May 6 2003 through Fat Wreck Chords. It was the first NOFX album to be released through Fat Wreck Chords. The album takes aim at US president George W. Bush criticizing him and his policies. The album cover features a cartoon version of the president as a clown while the back of the inlet / runout groove has a caption stating Somewhere in Texas there is a village without its idiot.
 Don't Mind If I Do is the fifth album by the British New Wave band Culture Club released in 1999 for the Virgin label. The album has been released only in Europe and Japan. Some promo copies also circulated in Australia.[citation needed]
 The Guilty Office is the seventh studio album by New Zealand indie band The Bats released in New Zealand on 1 December 2008 and in the United States on 23 June 2009.
 Nadiya yea is the first album from the Ukrainian ska-punk band Mad Heads XL after the former band Mad Heads was complemented with a three piece brass section. It was released in Ukraine and has had great success.
 The Shield: Music From the Streets is a collection of songs taken from the FX Networks TV series The Shield.
 Todo a Su Tiempo is the debut album by Divino. It contains many hits such as Se Activaron Los Anormales and Super Gangsteril.
 On The Road is a live album (2 LPs reissued on 1 CD) by English rock band Traffic released in 1973. Recorded live in Germany it features the Shoot Out at the Fantasy Factory lineup plus extra keyboardist (for live performances) Barry Beckett.The initial U.S.
 One on One is the debut album by the electronic artist Mira Calix released by Warp Records in 2000.
 Behind The Player: Fieldy is an Interactive Music Video featuring Korn bassist Fieldy. Released on November 1 2008 by IMV the DVD features Fieldy giving in-depth bass lessons for how to play Got The Life and Freak on a Leash by Korn and an intimate behind-the scenes look at his life as a professional musician including rare photos and video.
 Balmorhea is the first studio album by post-rock band Balmorhea released without a label on March 22 2007. This album focused on guitar and piano themed songs.
 From the 27th State is an EP by the Pompano Beach Florida rock bands Further Seems Forever and Recess Theory released on July 4 1999 by Takehold Records. It was the debut release from both bands. Recess Theory later changed their name to the Legends of Rodeo.
 The Box is a five-CD/one DVD career-spanning box set by popular American group Chicago and was compiled and released through Rhino Records in 2003. The set was authorized by the band which helped choose material from its entire back catalogue.The box includes material from every studio album released by the band since its 1969 debut The Chicago Transit Authority to its late 1990s recordings along with a few rarities notably three songs from the then-unreleased 1993 Stone of Sisyphus project.
 Reformation is the second full-length studio album from Kiuas released on May 24 2006 by Spinefarm Records. On the some releases it features a cover titled; Hunting Girl by the progressive rock band Jethro Tull.
 20th Century Masters - The Millennium Collection - The Best of Jackyl is a compilation album by American heavy-metal band Jackyl. It was released in March 2003 under Geffen Records.
 For the saying see dare.How Dare You! is the fourth album by British band 10cc. Released in 1976 it included UK hit singles I'm Mandy Fly Me and Art for Art's Sake. It was also the last 10cc album to feature the original line-up of Eric Stewart Graham Gouldman Kevin Godley and Lol Creme with the latter two departing to work on their own musical projects and eventually becoming music video pioneers. The album was the band's third to feature cover artwork by the Hipgnosis creative team.
 Ten Lives the fourth album by British singer-songwriter Gwyneth Herbert was released on 1 July 2008.
 Vanishing Point is the ninth studio album by the Seattle Washington based band Mudhoney. It was released on April 2 2013. This is their sixth studio album release on Sub Pop.
 Katy Hudson is the self-titled debut studio album by American recording artist Katy Hudson who subsequently adopted the stage name Katy Perry. It was released on February 8 2001 by Red Hill Records. Hudson incorporated primarily Christian rock and contemporary Christian music elements in the songs' compositions with lyrical themes of adolescence and childhood which revolve around her faith in God.The album spawned two radio singles and Hudson embarked on two tours through the United States.
 Rave Un2 the Joy Fantastic is the twentieth studio album by Prince (his stage name at the time being the love symbol he created). Featuring a radio-friendly sound the album was conceived as a return to commercial success after several years without significant public attention.
 Strange Charm is the tenth studio album and eighth under his own name by musician Gary Numan released in 1986 through by Numa Records. The album was not released in the United States until 1999 when it was issued in a digitally remastered form with five bonus tracks by Cleopatra Records.
 Violation is the second studio album by the late-1970s American hard rock band Starz released in 1977.
 It's for Your Own Good is the second EP by Australian rock band The Living End. The EP was recorded in June 1996 at Birdland Studio Melbourne. From Here on In also later became the name of the band's singles collection which was released in 2004 with the song included on it because it got the band's first radio attention. The original cover art features the incorrect spelling of the word It's (I'ts). This was rectified on later re-releases.
 New Beginnings is an album by Gerald Albright. It was nominated for Best Pop Instrumental Album at the 49th Annual Grammy Awards in 2007 which became his first nomination in that category.
 Secrets in a Weird World is the fourth full-length album by the German heavy metal band Rage. It was released in 1989. The album was remastered by Noise/Sanctuary in 2002 with slightly altered cover art and five bonus tracks.
 The Dynamic Jack McDuff is an album by organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1964 and released on the Prestige label.
 The soundtrack to the 2006 film Rang De Basanti was released by Sony BMG on 8 December 2005 and had its music composed by A. R. Rahman and lyrics in Hindi and English by Prasoon Joshi and rapper Blaaze. The title track was used at a flash mob at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus in Mumbai on 27 November 2011 in honour of those who died in the 26/11 attack.
 18 Months is the third studio album by Scottish DJ and record producer Calvin Harris. It was released on 26 October 2012 by Columbia Records. The album includes the singles Bounce Feel So Close Let's Go We'll Be Coming Back Sweet Nothing Drinking from the Bottle I Need Your Love and Thinking About You.
 Break Down is the debut Korean solo mini album of Kim Hyun-joong of South Korean boy band SS501. It was released on 7 June 2011 under KeyEast Entertainment. A Limited Edition was released on 23 June 2011 with a bonus DVD with music videos and behind-the-scene footages.
 Oscar Peterson Plays Duke Ellington is an album by Canadian jazz pianist Oscar Peterson of songs associated with Duke Ellington released in 1952 on Clef Records. Peterson re-recorded much of the music for his 1959 album Oscar Peterson Plays the Duke Ellington Songbook.
 Cosmosphere is the debut studio album of Jape released on the Volta Sounds label in 2003. The album received airplay on national radio on shows such as Donal Dineen's Here Comes the Night on Today FM. Like its successor The Monkeys in the Zoo Have More Fun Than Me which was released the following year it contains eight tracks. The album is thirty-three minutes in length.
 Bring You Back is the debut studio album by American country music artist Brett Eldredge. It was released on August 6 2013 by Atlantic Nashville. The album includes Eldredge's debut single Raymond and his third single Don't Ya the latter of which has reached Number One on the Country Airplay chart. The album has gained critical acclaim by music critics.
 Great Escape is the second solo album by Irish singer Tara Blaise. It was released on 2 May 2008 (See 2008 in music) by Spokes Records.
 An Other Cup is a studio album by Yusuf (formerly known as Cat Stevens) released on 10 November 2006 in Germany 13 November in the UK and the US and worldwide on 14 November. It is Yusuf's first Western pop album since Back to Earth which was released in 1978 under the name Cat Stevens.
 This Is Menace: 'The Scene Is Dead'The Scene Is Dead is the second and last album by This Is Menace.
 Friendship is the fourth album by Dublin-based instrumental rock band The Redneck Manifesto. Released on 26 March 2010 it was the band's first full-length in six years and their first record since signing to Richter Collective. To promote Friendship tracks Black Apple and Smile More were available to download on Nialler9 and Thumped respectively.
 Dyma'r Dystiolaeth is the debut album by the Welsh band Tystion released on Fit! 001 cassette.
 Jazz Giants '58 is a 1958 album featuring Stan Getz Gerry Mulligan and Harry Sweets Edison accompanied by Louis Bellson and the Oscar Peterson trio.
 Greyhaven is the full length debut album of the progressive metal band Greyhaven and their second recording overall after releasing an instrumental EP in 1997. The self-titled debut is the first to feature vocalist Brian Francis. Greyhaven was released in March 2000 through the Musea Records partner Angular Records the label of such other such progressive metal acts as Sylvan and Eternity X.
 Flowers for Algernon is the first solo album by Japanese singer Kyosuke Himuro. Japanese rock group Boøwy to which he once belonged disbanded and this album was released as his solo debut five months later.
 Diana! is American singer Diana Ross' first solo TV special which aired on ABC on April 18 1971 choreographed by David Winters of West Side Story fame who at that time choreographed all of Ross' stage and TV shows. The special featured performances by The Jackson 5 and also included Jackson 5 lead singer Michael Jackson's solo debut. Michael Jackson performed Frank Sinatra's It Was a Very Good Year which drew laughter as its adult-themed lyrics were changed to fit his age.
 Drunken Trees is the debut release by Swedish folk duo First Aid Kit. It was released on 9 April 2008 in Sweden via Rabid Records followed by a UK release via Wichita Records on 23 February 2009. The UK release features the band's cover of Fleet Foxes' Tiger Mountain Peasant Song as a bonus track in addition to videos of Our Own Pretty Ways Jagadamba You Might and You're Not Coming Home Tonight.
 Boondoggle is an EP from The Lucksmiths released in 1994 on Candle Records (catalogue number LUCKY1.)
 Gaudí (1991) is an album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich. It is a tribute to the Spanish architect Antoni Gaudí (June 25 1852 – June 10 1926). It is a stylistic mix of active tonal sequences and slower ambient pieces that Rich first explored in the mid-1980s when he recorded Geometry.
 Voldemort Can't Stop the Rock! is the second studio album by indie rock band Harry and the Potters released on July 1 2004. The album was primarily inspired by the fifth novel in the Harry Potter book series.Although some of the songs revisit events from previous books in the series a majority of the songs on the album relate to the rebellion of Harry and Dumbledore's Army against the Ministry of Magic Dolores Umbridge Lord Voldemort and the Death Eaters.
 Oil & Gold the third full-length Shriekback album is widely considered the band's highest moment Released in 1985 on Island Records after the failure of 1984's Jam Science on Arista Records Oil & Gold saw the band metamorphose from contemplative to rocking.
 Key to the Kuffs is the debut album by alternative hip hop artists Jneiro Jarel and MF Doom under the moniker JJ Doom. It was released on Lex Records on August 20 2012.
 Players Never Die is a 1997 album by singer Bobby Miller. The album was recorded in Chicago Illinois and Dayton Ohio. Mastering done at the famous Sigma studios in Pittsburgh PA. Bobby Miller produced and recorded Players Never Die engineered by Ron Gresham Brian Jensen Jim Godsey and Hank Neuberger.This was the singer's 2nd major release and arrangements on this set were geared more towards smoother jazzier compositions.
 Rookie of the Year is the debut album from San Francisco rapper Ya Boy. It was released on May 31 2005. Guests include San Quinn Bailey Big Rich Messy Marv Roscoe Clyde Carson Turf Talk E-40 and others.
 Higher Self is the third album by Japanese singer Kyosuke Himuro.
 Mondi Lontanissimi (Italian: Very Distant Worlds) is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Franco Battiato released by EMI Italiana in 1985.
 Die Heuwels Fantasties is the first album from the South African electronic group Die Heuwels Fantasties. It was released in 2009 by Supra Familias in South Africa.
 Firewood is the second album from the Swedish doom metal band Witchcraft. The album was released in 2005 by Rise Above Records. At roughly 8:50 in to the last track Attention! there is a cover of the Pentagram song When the Screams Come. The vinyl edition does not include When the Screams Come but does include a bonus track entitled The Invisible. This track also appears on the Japanese version released by Leaf Hound Records.
 Christmas Like A Lullaby is a Christmas-themed album of music performed by American singer-songwriter John Denver.A 1999 re-release by Delta Entertainment included Mary's Little Boy Child after Little Drummer Boy.
 The Spy Who Loved Me is the soundtrack for the tenth James Bond The Spy Who Loved Me. The soundtrack is one of only two Bond soundtracks to be nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Score. The other score nominated was Skyfall (2013).
 Now is the second studio album from Chinese singer and songwriter Zhou Bichang. It was released simultaneously with Zhou's third album WOW on December 18 2007.
 Reunion is the tenth album by actor Viggo Mortensen and avant-garde guitarist Buckethead released in September 2011.The album is dedicated to Tracy Thielen who died in 2006 and produced several of Mortensen's albums.
 Live at Mile High Music Festival is a live album by the Dave Matthews Band from the 2008 Mile High Music Festival outside Denver Colorado. In its first week of sales the album debuted at #97 on the US charts.
 Solid Gold 70 is the title of a recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins released in 1970. The cover and track listing of this album are identical to the Solid Gold 69 album. Solid Gold 70 was issued in England after being issued in the US. England didn't issue the Solid Gold 68 album but evidently decided to issue the '69 issue in 1970 so they changed the '69 to '70.The liner notes were written by Donovan.
 The Marathon is the fifth official mixtape by American rapper Nipsey Hussle. It was released on December 21 2010 for free legal download and for download on iTunes. The mixtape was released by All Money In Records.
 The Love of Hopeless Causes was released in 1993 and is the sixth studio album by British rock band New Model Army. It was produced by Niko Bolas except Afternoon Song which was produced by Riku Mattila.
 Storm of the Light's Bane is the 1995 album release by Swedish black/melodic death metal band Dissection.
 The Spice of Life is a smooth jazz studio album by Earl Klugh released in April 2008. The album received a Grammy nomination for Best Pop Instrumental Album at the 51st Grammy Awards in 2009.
 Miles Davis Volume 1 is a compilation album with recordings by Miles Davis of 1952–1954 for the Blue Note Record label that were previously issued as singles and 10 inch LPs. Originally released in 1956 (followed by Volume 2) after Davis won the Down Beat readers poll as best trumpeter. It contained takes of the 1952 (May 9) and 1953 (April 20) sessions for the lable.
 Angel Clare is the debut solo album by Art Garfunkel released in 1973. It is his highest charting solo album peaking at number 5 and contains his only Top 10 hit in the US All I Know which peaked at number 9. It also contained two other Top 40 hits Traveling Boy (#102 Bubbling under the Hot 100 #38 Adult Contemporary) and I Shall Sing (#38 Hot 100 #4 Adult Contemporary).
 8-Bit Operators: The Music of Kraftwerk was released in 2007 by the group 8-Bit Operators on Kraftwerk's US homelabel Astralwerks and EMI Records worldwide. It features cover versions of Kraftwerk songs by several prominent chiptune artists.
 Personal Business is the second album by Long Beach California rapper Bad Azz.
 Heathen Chemistry is the fifth studio album by the English rock band Oasis released in 2002 through Big Brother Records.The album was written and recorded with a back-to-basics sound with a more rock feel to it; the more crude and simple sound differs from the musical grandiosity of their previous records Be Here Now and Standing on the Shoulder of Giants being more comparable to their early work.[citation needed]Heathen Chemistry would prove to be last album to feature the band's longtime drummer Alan White who left in early 2004 with Noel Gallagher claiming White's commitment to the band was not adequate. 
 Tambu is the ninth studio album by Toto released in May 1995. Tambu sold 600000 copies worldwide. It was the first Toto studio album since the death of Jeff Porcaro in 1992. It includes the single I Will Remember which failed to chart in the USA but was the band's first chart hit in the UK since I Won't Hold You Back 12 years before.The album was a nominee for Grammy Award for Best Engineered Album Non-Classical in 1997.
 Building Cities from Scratch is the debut album by American post-hardcore band Our Last Night released in 2005. It was followed by the official full length debut album The Ghosts Among Us.
 Honeybuns is the seventh album by American pianist and arranger Duke Pearson featuring performances by Pearson's nonet recorded in 1965 and released on the Atlantic label in 1966.
 Another Passenger is singer-songwriter Carly Simon's seventh album and sixth studio album released in 1976.For this album Simon enlisted a new producer Ted Templeman as well as his clients The Doobie Brothers to provide backing vocals.
 Night of the Living Dead is a live album by the American hard rock band Jackyl. It was released on February 13 1996 on Mayhem Records.
 Listen to the Ahmad Jamal Quintet is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in 1960 and released on the Argo label.
 The Golden Gate score was composed by Elliot Goldenthal in 1993 and released in 1994 for the Golden Gate film.
 Romance Bloody Romance: Remixes & B-Sides is a 2005 remix album by Death from Above 1979. This album is a collection of remixes of songs featured on the album You're a Woman I'm a Machine released in October 2004. The tracks Better Off Dead and You're Lovely (But You've Got Problems) are B-sides. The group MSTRKRFT was at the time a side project of Jesse F. Keeler who was one half of Death from Above 1979.
 Dust of Angels (Taiwanese Hokkien: 少年吔，安啦！; POJ: Siàu-liān-ê Àn-la! ) is the soundtrack to the Taiwanese motion picture of the same name directed by Hsu Hsiao-ming (徐小明). It features ten Taiwanese-language and instrumental rock and ambient music songs by performers considered to be alternative or avant-garde in the Taiwanese music scene at the time.
 The Offspring is the debut studio album by the American punk rock band The Offspring released on June 15 1989 through Nemesis Records. After 6 years of discontinued print the album was re-released by Nitro/Epitaph Records in 1995 with a different album cover. Both the re-releases on the two respective labels are nearly identical. Based on the moderate success of the album the band was signed to a recording contract by Epitaph in 1991.
 Survival of the Fittest Live is the fifth album by The Amboy Dukes featuring Ted Nugent and was released in 1971. This was the band's second album on Polydor Records. It was the second Polydor album to chart. It peaked at #129. There were no accompanying singles released by the record company. The performance was recorded live at The Eastown Theater in Detroit Michigan on July 31 and August 1 1970. Keyboardist Solomon again contributed most of the vocals.
 Susquehanna is the fifth studio album by American band the Cherry Poppin' Daddies released on Space Age Bachelor Pad Records in February 2008 and later re-issued on Rock Ridge Music in September 2009.Susquehanna marked the Daddies' return to recording after a nearly decade-long break following their brief hiatus in 2000 and sporadic touring throughout 2002 - 2006.
 Rarities B-Sides and Other Stuff Volume 2 is the second compilation album of rarities by Canadian singer-songwriter Sarah McLachlan released in April 2008 twelve years after its predecessor. It was produced by longtime collaborator Pierre Marchand.
 Noble Justice: The Lost Songs is a digital album by rapper Young Noble released on March 23 2010.
 Down Here on the Ground is the nineteenth album by guitarist Wes Montgomery released in 1968. It reached number one on the Billboard Jazz album chart and number 4 on the R&B chart. It also reached number 38 on the Billboard 200.The title song Down Here on the Ground is Montgomery's version of the theme song from the movie Cool Hand Luke by Lalo Schifrin.
 Då & nu is a 1996 album from Swedish dansband Arvingarna.
 Treasure is the third studio album by Scottish alternative rock band Cocteau Twins. It was released on 1 November 1984 through record label 4AD. With this album the band settled on what would from then on be their primary lineup: vocalist Elizabeth Fraser guitarist Robin Guthrie and bass guitarist Simon Raymonde.
 Nikki Nack will be the third full-length release by Merrill Garbus' project Tune-Yards. It is set for release via 4AD on May 5 2014 in the United Kingdom and a day later in the United States.On March 3 2014 Garbus posted a two-and-a-half-minute megamix of tracks from the album on her website thanking fans for “your support and patience while we cooked this chicken.” A subsequent tour was announced including a batch of international tour dates and a few festivals.
 50th Birthday Celebration Volume 11 is a triple live album by the Bar Kokhba Sextet documenting their performance at Tonic in September 2003 as part of John Zorn's month-long 50th Birthday Celebration.
 Playlist: The Very Best of Sir Mix-a-Lot is a compilation album of songs from the Seattle based hip-hop artist Sir Mix-a-Lot released as part of the Playlist series issued by Sony BMG in 2009.Allmusic critic Stephen Thomas Erlewine praised the album as a solid overview of Sir Mix-a-Lot's songs and he added that he thought it serves as both a sampler and introduction.
 Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits package released by the American country music band Alabama. The album was released on RCA Nashville in 1986 and has since been certified platinum for sales of 5 million units by the Recording Industry Association of America.By the mid-1980s Alabama had become the most dominant act in country music. During the first half of the decade the Fort Payne Alabama-based group had 18 No.
 Total Loss is the second studio album by American musician How to Dress Well. It was released in September 2012 on Acephale Records in North America and Weird World Records in other regions. The track Cold Nites which was co-written and co-produced by Forest Swords was released as a single.The album was listed 33rd on Stereogum's list of top 50 albums of 2012.
 East! is the third album by guitarist Pat Martino recorded in 1968 and released on the Prestige label.
 Super Roots 7 is the sixth installment in the Super Roots EP series by noise rock band Boredoms released in 1998 by Warner Music Japan. The band included a credit for Super thanks to the Mekons whose song Where Were You? influenced this release.
 Blues for Fred is a 1988 (see 1988 in music) album by American jazz guitarist Joe Pass. It was recorded as a tribute to singer and dancer Fred Astaire who had died the previous year.After numerous recordings produced by Norman Granz (who had sold Pablo to Fantasy Records in 1987) this is Pass' first with new producer Eric Miller.
 The Twins's Such A Better Day is their second best songs collection album includes their hits along with 4 new songs released in December 2004.Special edition package comes with free gifts:Twins Souvenir BandTwins Compact MirrorTwins Photo AlbumSecond version comes with free gift:Twins Wrist Band
 The Shocker is the debut album of American rapper Silkk the Shocker who was then known as Silkk. It was released on August 20 1996 for No Limit Records and was mainly produced by Beats By the Pound. The Shocker was only a mild success compared to some his future albums and made it to #49 on the Billboard 200 and #6 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 S.O.S. is the debut album released by the R&B band The S.O.S. Band on the Tabu label in the summer of 1980. It was produced by Sigidi.The album was a hit at nightclubs and Take Your Time (Do It Right) became a disco classic.
 AOL Music Sessions – EP is an EP by Boys Like Girls released on March 13 2007. It was done when they were performing at Sessions@AOL. The first track Let Go is a cover of the popular song originally by Frou Frou. These tracks can be found on the deluxe edition of their self-titled album.
 Über Alles is Industrial metal duo Hanzel und Gretyl's third studio album and was released on May 20 2003 on Metropolis Records. The album was critically well received and is generally regarded as the group's most prominent and identifiable work to date.
 Norman Howell (born May 11 1973 Hartford Connecticut) better known as Notch is a R&B reggae dancehall and reggaeton artist. He was the former lead vocalist and one of the creative force behind the hip hop-reggae act Born Jamericans.He has been featured on hit albums such as Mas Flow 2 Mas Flow 2.5 Chosen Few II: El Documental Barrio Fino and The Cosmic Game. His first solo album Raised by the People was released in May 2007.
 Kismet is a compilation album by American neo soul/jazz artist Adriana Evans released on April 4 2005. The collection consists of hit songs from previous albums alternate remixes as well as new songs. The set features a remix of the popular single Remember the Love from her album Nomadic and also (the theme song for Logo's TV series Noah's Arc.
 Album #2 – also known as The Outsiders Album #2 or simply #2 – is the second studio album by the Outsiders.
 Mere is the first live album by Norwegian rock band deLillos.
 Electroknots is an EP by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It was released as a picture disc in a limited edition of 1000 copies. Remixes are included on Music for Bondage Performance 2.
 Through the Past Darkly (Big Hits Vol. 2) is The Rolling Stones' second official compilation album released in 1969 shortly following Brian Jones's departure from the group and subsequent death. The album was released by Decca Records in the UK and London Records/ABKCO Records in the US.In September Through the Past Darkly (Big Hits Vol. 2) dedicated to Jones appeared with an octagonal-shaped album cover.
 Little Creatures is the sixth studio album by the American new wave band Talking Heads released in June 1985. The album examines themes of Americana and incorporates elements of country music with many of the songs featuring steel guitar.
 Balé Mulato – Ao Vivo is Daniela Mercury's fourth live album released in Brazil in December 2006 through EMI. The tracks of this album (with the exception of the last two) were recorded on September 17 2006 in Farol da Barra Salvador Bahia. It won a Latin Grammy Award in 2007 and sold around 60 000 copies in Brazil earning a gold certification.
 Darker Than Darkness -Style 93- is the seventh studio album by the Japanese rock band Buck-Tick. It was released on June 23 1993 through Victor Entertainment. The album peaked at number two on the Oricon chart and has sold 210000 copies worldwide. Darker Than Darkness -Style 93- was digitally remastered and re-released on September 19 2002 with two bonus tracks. It was remastered and re-released again on September 5 2007.
 Emerson Drive is the third studio album from Canadian country music band Emerson Drive and their major-label debut it was released in 2002 on DreamWorks Records Nashville. It produced three singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts: the Top 5 hits I Should Be Sleeping and Fall Into Me as well as the number 23-peaking Only God (Could Stop Me Loving You).
 Other Hours: Connick On Piano Volume 1 is a Jazz instrumental album by American artist Harry Connick Jr. released in 2003. The album features Connick on piano in the context of a small jazz group. Other Hours is his first quartet album and it is also his first instrumental album in 13 years.The album is the first of his career not released on Columbia the label that signed him to a contract when he was 19.
 Disney's Children's Favorite Songs Volume 3 is a collection of 23 best-loved songs for kids. The songs are performed by Larry Groce and The Disneyland Children's Sing-Along Chorus. The Choral Director is Betty Joyce. The CD is produced by Pat Patrick and Ron Kid and engineered by Kent Madison and George Charouhas.
 The Best of Everything but the Girl is a compilation album by Everything but the Girl released in 1996.
 C'mon Kids is the fifth album by The Boo Radleys it was released in September 1996. The album is considered to be purposely difficult and uncommercial. The band were said to have wanted to distance themselves from the commercial image they had cultivated because of the unexpected successes of the album Wake Up! and their top ten hit single Wake Up Boo!. However this was not the intention of the band as explained by Sice in an interview in 2005:
 Playing with Fire is the debut and only studio album from American personality and rapper Kevin Federline released on October 31 2006 through Federation Records. The album's executive producer was Federline's then wife Britney Spears who also featured on a track on the album and with whom Federline composed two tracks that did not make into the track listing. Contributions to the album's production came from a variety of producers and songwriters including Bosko J.R. Rotem and Versatile.
 Dream This is the debut album from Joe 90 released on Adam Duritz of Counting Crows's label E Pluribus Unum through Geffen. Rolling Stone said singer-guitarist Chris Seefried steers along melodically facile softly yelping rockers like 'Mascara' and 'Drive' - the album's showstopper - with velvety imprecision.
 Por Siempre Beatles is a compilation album by The Beatles released originally in Argentina in 1971 (EMI-Odeon LDS 2200) and in Spain one year later (1972 – EMI/Odeon J060-04973).
 True Confessions is the third album by the British girl group Bananarama. Released in 1986 the album was not a commercial success in the UK but achieved their biggest sales and chart success in the U.S. making the US top 20.
 En Primera Fila (Front Row) is the third live album by Venezuelan recording artist Franco De Vita. It was released by Sony Music on May 31 2011 after a three-year gap since the release of De Vita's last studio album. De Vita worked as producer with David Cabrera.
 Not Saying/Just Saying is the debut album from indie dance band Shout Out Out Out Out. It was released in Canada on July 26 2006 on Nrmls Wlcm Records.The album's cover art was designed by Chad VanGaalen.
 Wake is the third full-length studio album by Christian hard rock band Mortal. For this album the band moved away from industrial and embraced a more alternative rock-based sound. The album reached No. 21 on the Billboard Top Contemporary Christian chart.
 Superfly Best (stylized as Superfly BEST) is the 5th album from Japanese rock unit Superfly. It is the band's first greatest hits album and commemorates the project's fifth anniversary. Scheduled for release on September 25 2013 the two-disc set contains the band's 26 singles and three brand new tracks.
 Glory is the eighth studio album from Christian rock band Kutless and the album released on February 11 2014 by BEC Recordings. The producers on the album were Ian Eskelin and Dave Lubben. This album received generally positive reception from critics.
 Moondreams is an album by Brazilian keyboardist Walter Wanderley featuring performances recorded in 1969 and released on the CTI label.
 Stadsvandringar (City Walks) is the CD version of the Swedish psychedelic rock group Dungen's second album.It was originally released by Subliminal Sounds in 2002 in a limited vinyl edition of 500 copies under the name Dungen 2. The CD version was released that year on Dolores Recordings and contained some alternative tracks. The album was re-issued by Astralwerks in 2005 for US distribution.
 Lonesome Standard Time is an album released in 1992 by American country music artist Kathy Mattea. Her seventh studio album it was also her fourth to receive an RIAA gold certification although none of its singles were Top Ten country hits.
 Closer is an EP by Christian rock act Jars of Clay. It was released in digital download format on July 29 2008 and in CD format on August 19 2008. The only radio single released off the EP is the title track although the new recording of Love Song for a Savior has been known to be played by radio stations in place of the original single.
 Greatest Hits (Ten Years and Change 1979–1991) is a compilation album released in 1991 when Starship ended its recording contract with RCA. The album contains two new tracks Don't Lose Any Sleep and Good Heart. Good Heart was released as a single and hit #81 on the Billboard charts.
 The Unforgiving Sounds of Maow is a 1996 album by Vancouver punk band Maow. It was the band's only full-length album.The album is notable primarily for being Neko Case's debut as a lead vocalist. On the album Case shares lead vocal duties with bandmates Tobey Black and Corrina Hammond.The album's best-known song Ms.
 Esperanzas is the second album by Mexican iconic pop singer Yuri. It was released in 1980 on Discos Gamma as well as Profono Internacional.
 Bounced Checks is the first compilation of Tom Waits recordings including album live and alternate versions of songs from six of his seven albums for Asylum Records excepting his debut Closing Time.The collection includes several previously unreleased tracks. Mr.
 Three-Sided Coin is Nickelback's first compilation album being a rare 2002 Japan-only release by Roadrunner International. It contains songs from all three of Nickelback's previous albums: Curb The State and Silver Side Up plus the song Yanking Out My Heart which is a previously unreleased song recorded during the Silver Side Up recording sessions but later appeared on the special edition of The Long Road and the Scorpion King soundtrack.
 Tri-Danielson!!! (Alpha) is the third full length album by New Jersey indie rock band Danielson Famile.
 Written in Red is the thirteenth studio album recorded by The Stranglers. It was produced by Gang of Four's Andy Gill.The media launch-party for Written in Red was held on 13 December 1996 at EuroDisney in Paris and featured live performances of tracks from the effort.
 Different for Girls Leslie Mills' debut album was released in 2003 on Atlantic Records. The song Good Life was included on the soundtrack for the film What A Girl Wants.
 North Hollywood Shootout is American jam band Blues Traveler's tenth studio album released on August 26 2008 and produced by David Bianco a 1996 Grammy winner.
 10th Anniversary Album is an original jazz compilation by Nat King Cole. It was released in 1955.
 I.E.M. is the debut album of Steven Wilson's side project Incredible Expanding Mindfuck. The original 1996 vinyl edition on Chromatic Records was limited to 500 copies. An expanded CD edition was released by Delerium Records in 1998.The album was also included in the 2010 Complete I.E.M CD boxset where it reverted to the original vinyl track listing.
 The Reckoning is an album by the Israeli band Asaf Avidan & the Mojos released in Israel in 2008. The album’s 15 tracks blended rock folk and blues with Avidan’s lyrics about relationships and betrayal. The album was certified gold status in a year and platinum later and would eventually become the biggest selling independent record of all time in Israel.
 Folklore and Superstition is the second studio album by Black Stone Cherry.The band recorded the album at Black Bird Studios which is owned and operated by country artist Martina McBride in Nashville Tennessee. It was produced and mixed by veteran rock producer Bob Marlette (Alice Cooper Ozzy Osbourne Saliva Seether Shinedown). The album was available for audio streaming through NME as of August 13 2008.
 Forever Young is the debut album released by German synthpop/rock group Alphaville on September 27 1984 by Warner Music Group. It is Alphaville's most critically acclaimed album with an estimated 2000000 copies sold.Reviews are generally positive with one reviewer calling it a classic synth pop album and a wonderfully fun ride from start to finish. It charted well hitting the Top 20 in six European countries (and reaching no.
 Destiny Line is the debut studio album by American-born Japanese pop singer Leah Dizon. It was released on September 12 2007 by Victor Entertainment. Dizon herself also wrote or co-wrote 10 of the tracks.
 5 (Cinq) [French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃k]] is the fifth studio album by the French recording artist Alizée. Originally scheduled for release in 2012 it was finally released on 25 March 2013 by Sony Music. Its music incorporates pop styles with elements of dance-pop rock in the form of upbeat songs piano-driven ballads and a renewed '60s style. The name and cover of the album were announced on 3 January 2013 on Star Academy.
 Sister is the fourth studio album by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth. It was released in June 1987 through record label SST. The album furthers the band's move away from no wave towards more traditional song structures while maintaining an aggressively experimental approach. The album was re-issued in 2011 on 180gram purple-marble vinyl.Like Sonic Youth's previous records Sister wasn't very successful at the time but garnered critical praise later on in their career.
 Spanking Machine is the debut album by American punk rock band Babes in Toyland released in 1990.
 Jesus Is is the second live album of Christian Contemporary music from Hillsong London.
 Live at the Showbox is the third DVD release by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam the first of a complete show. It was released on May 7 2003.
 Chasing Mississippi is the second studio album released by singer-songwriter Dave Barnes. Unlike Barnes' first album Brother Bring The Sun Barnes co-produced the album along with Ed Cash. Due the success of the first album and its high calibre Christian music veteran Amy Grant and husband Country music veteran Vince Gill both offered their talents towards the creation of this album. Barnes accepted and both appear on the album in separate songs.
 Know Nothing Stays the Same is the follow-up to Copeland's 2003 debut album Beneath Medicine Tree. Know Nothing Stays The Same is a 5 track cover EP.
 Project Mercury is the a split album by Rosetta and Balboa. The title is derived from the 1959 United States human spaceflight of the same name. It was released on April 24 2007 through the now defunct record label Level Plane.
 George Fox is the debut album by Canadian country music artist George Fox. It was released by Warner Music Canada in 1988. The album peaked at number 16 on the RPM Country Albums chart and was certified gold by the CRIA.
 Favorites and Rarities is a 1993 compilation album by American musician Don McLean.
 Sutras is the nineteenth studio album (22nd overall) by Scottish singer/songwriter Donovan. It was released in the UK (American Recordings 74321 39743 2) and the US (American Recordings 43705) on 14 October 1996. The US version does not contain the final track The Garden.
 Heartbreak is the fourteenth album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch released in 1982.
 Hazleton by Fuel was released in 1998. The EP was sold at some 1997 shows. It was recorded at C&C in Hazleton Pennsylvania.
 Humppakonsertto is a live album by the Finnish band Eläkeläiset. The album was recorded in 2006 all around Finland and was released in 2007.
 Dick's Picks Volume 10 is the tenth live album in the Dick's Picks series of releases by the Grateful Dead. It was recorded at Winterland Arena in San Francisco on December 29 1977 with extra tracks recorded on the following night.The album omits the songs It Must Have Been the Roses and Sunrise which originally had taken place after Good Lovin'.
 Helm (Arabic: حلم‎ – A Dream) is the first pop album by the Lebanese actress and singer Carole Samaha. It was released in 2003 by EMI Music Arabia. The Rough Guide to World Music: Africa & The Middle East calls it Deliciously neat production. The song Ghali Aayi from the album became a hit. Following the release of this album Carole Samaha won the Best Female Newcomer award at the Arab Music Awards.
 Hunt Music is a compilation album by Ted Nugent. The album did not see a large release but is still available on Internet sites. The second disc contains bonus tracks recorded by Ted Nugent. I Just Wanna Go Hunting was previously unreleased.
 Last Time is the debut album of the Filipino band Typecast. It was independently released and produced by the band in March 2002 in Audio CD format.
 Tenor Stuff is an album recorded in 1961 by Paul Gonsalves and Harold Ashby.
 Hard Way is the eighth album of the Japanese hard rock band Show-Ya. The album was recorded in Los Angeles USA and produced by Beau Hill and by Kip Winger's brother Paul. It was released on 24 October 1990 and reached position #4 in Japan (Oricon Chart). All the lyrics were written by Yoshihiko Andō. This time all the musical arrangements were done by the band. It would be Show-Ya's last studio album with lead singer Keiko Terada.
 Digital at Montreux is a 1979 live album by Oscar Peterson accompanied by Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen recorded at the 1979 Montreux Jazz Festival.
 Secret Rendez-Vous is the second album by Cindy Valentine and a single by the same name both records were distributed on vinyl and cassette tape. Secret Rendez-Vous was Valentine's second album working with composer and producer Tony Green the pair composed all of the music. Secret Rendez-Vous peaked at #43 on Billboard Magazine's Hot Dance Club Songs chart.
 Relayted is the debut album from Minneapolis indie rock collective Gayngs. It was released on Jagjaguwar in 2010.
 Road Kill is a VHS video of live performances by Skid Row. It was released on October 16 1993. The video collects promo clips backstage footage amateur videos from friends and fans and concert highlights from shows in Japan Brazil Ireland Iceland and the United States. Road Kill also includes video clips from Psycho Love in 3-D and the cover songs Psycho Therapy and C'mon And Love Me which featured on the bands most recent release B-Side Ourselves. Running time is 120 minutes.
 Hard to Love How to Love is the second studio album (third overall) by South Korean boy band Beast. It was released on July 19 2013 with the song Shadow (Geurimja) as promotional single. The entire album was produced by the member Yong Jun-hyung along with Kim Tae-joo. Two songs from the album Gwaenchanhgessni and I'm Sorry were released as digital singles as a preview for it.
 Dying & Falling is the third album of the Illinois-based industrial band I:Scintilla. Like their previous album Optics there were two version released. One was a single disc version and the other was a limited edition version with a bonus disc titled Resuscitation containing additional studio recordings as well as remixes.The artwork was illustrated by singer Brittany Bindrim.
 Strawberry Cream Soda Pop Daydream is the first compilation album from Tommy february6 released on February 25 2009 by DefSTAR Records coinciding with Tommy heavenly6's release of Gothic Melting Ice Cream's Darkness Nightmare. The album was a released as a double-disc CD and DVD. The CD features all singles released by Tommy february6 one new song and a few additional tracks. The DVD features music videos for each single as well as making of videos.
 Klondyke 5 is the fifth album from Arthur Loves Plastic and was released in 1999.
 The Symphony Sessions was a live album released in 1989 by Tom Cochrane and Red Rider. It was the band's seventh and final album.The album was recorded with the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra at the Northern Alberta Jubilee Auditorium in Edmonton Alberta.
 Black List is an E.P. by the American pop-rock musician Alex Chilton released in 1989. The E.P. included three Chilton originals and three cover versions. These were a cover of Ronny & the Daytonas' Little G.T.O. on which Chilton played all the instruments; a version of Nice and Easy Does It as popularized by Frank Sinatra and a song penned by country blues musician Furry Lewis.Black List was re-released in 2004 on a compilation CD together with Chilton's High Priest album.
 Inside Out is the second studio album by American pop singer Kat DeLuna. It was released exclusively to Belgium France Poland and Japan between November 5 2010 and July 13 2011. DeLuna released a buzz single Unstoppable before the lead single of the album Push Push. It was officially released on April 16 2010. The album was commercially successful in Belgium debuting and peaking at number 16 on the official album's chart.
 Rural Still Life is the second album by American jazz saxophonist Tom Scott featuring performances recorded in 1968 for the Impulse! label.
 Accidentally on Purpose is an album by Deep Purple members Ian Gillan and Roger Glover released in February 1988 on Virgin Records. The track Lonely Avenue appeared on the soundtrack to Rain Man featuring Dustin Hoffman and Tom Cruise. The track Telephone Box reached #15 on Billboard charts.
 Player's Call is the fourth and final album released by Oran Juice Jones. It was originally released by Tommy Boy Records in the United Kingdom in 1997 and was supposed to be a comeback album for Jones after the failure of his previous two albums. However after the lead single released Poppin' that Fly did not find any success compounded with the failure of the album in the UK Tommy Boy shelved the album. On March 12 2007 Tommy Boy finally released the album in the United States.
 Killing Season is the fifth album by the Filipino-American thrash quintet Death Angel which was released on February 26 2008. Produced by Nick Raskulinecz (of Rush fame) it is the follow-up to the band's first reunion album 2004's The Art of Dying. Killing Season sold over 2300 copies in its first week in the U.S.
 New Chautauqua is a solo album by Pat Metheny released in 1979.
 A Stranger Here is an album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott released in 2009. It reached number 5 on the Billboard Top Blues albums charts.At the 52nd Grammy Awards A Stranger Here won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Blues Album.
 Lostboy! AKA Jim Kerr is Simple Minds front-man Jim Kerr's first solo album released on 17 May 2010. The album entered the UK charts at No. 94 on 29 May 2010 and UK Independent Chart at #8.
 Barcelona is an album recorded by Freddie Mercury frontman of popular British rock band Queen and operatic soprano Montserrat Caballé. Released in 1988. It is the second and final solo album recorded by Mercury; he died of bronchopneumonia brought on by AIDS on 24 November 1991.After Barcelona was selected to host the 1992 Summer Olympics Mercury was approached to write a song as a theme for the forthcoming games. The idea was to create a duet with Montserrat as she is from the city.
 Do What You Want is the third EP released by OK Go to promote their second album Oh No. It includes two songs (Do What You Want and Invincible) that would later be released on the album and a third song a cover of The Cure's The Lovecats which would also be later released as a b-side to the A Million Ways and the Here It Goes Again singles.
 Howling is the ninth studio album released by The Saints. The album was their first release after an eight-year recording hiatus. This time Bailey choose to lose the big-production of the 1980s records to make an album that was more akin to the early Saints punk sound. However instead of teaming up with the original members Bailey again employed a new line-up for the band making this The Saints Mark III.
 Alma is the second album released by Portuguese fado singer Carminho. It was released on 2 March 2012. The album features three classical fados from the reportoires of Amália Rodrigues (Cabeça de Vento) Maria Amélia Proença (À Beira do Cais) and Fernanda Maria (As Pedras da Minha Rua) three originals including Bom Dia Amor from a letter by Fernando Pessoa and two versions of traditional fados with new lyrics including Folha written by Carminho herself.
 Australia For Kids is a 1989 album by Don Spencer.
 Born Again is the fourteenth studio album by the Christian rock band Newsboys. It was released on 13 July 2010 and is the first full-length album with lead singer Michael Tait. The group released a special five-track preview EP also titled Born Again on 5 January 2010.Four tracks from the EP appeared on the album. The exception and first single released was I'll Be which was made available on deluxe versions of the album.
 Time for a Change is the third studio album released by R&B singer Cupid. The album's lead single was Cupid Shuffle. It peaked at #9 on the R&B charts and #58 on the 200
 Cooper-S is a cover album by noise rock band feedtime released in 1988 through Rough Trade Records.
 Trapz of Poetic Poison is the first release by the Canadian Hip-Hop/Rap band Project Wyze. It contains 6 tracks. It was recorded over a three-day recording session at Metalworks Studios in Toronto ON. It was released independently. This would be the only release until their next EP came out in 1999 Only If I Knew.
 Anthologyland is a compilation album containing material from the New Wave band The Motels plus work by Warfield Foxes (an earlier incarnation) and solo work by Martha Davis including a couple of duets with Sly Stone and Ivan Neville. This two disc album is a collection of alternate takes demonstrations live recordings outtakes and sound track releases.
 Post Mortem is the second album by the American heavy metal band Black Tide released on August 23 2011. The album was produced by John Wilbur and GGGarth. It is the band's first album to feature guitarist Austin Diaz after the departure of Alex Nuñez in 2008.
 Sotto una pioggia di parole (en: Under a Rain of Words) is the third studio album by Italian Pop duo Zero Assoluto. The album was released in June 2009 in Italy. It was certified gold by the Federation of the Italian Music Industry for domestic sales exceeding 30000 units.
 Dekadance is the title of two different collections of remixes by Australian rock group INXS: a 1983 12 EP released in the United States of songs from Shabooh Shoobah and a 1984 cassette released in Australia of songs from The Swing.The Australian cassette features remixes from The Swing and was released in six different versions. Each version had a different sleeve one for each member of the band which were sourced from the band photo on the cover of The Swing.
 Masterpieces: 1991–2002 is a greatest hits album released in September 2005 by Mustard Plug. It combines old songs with new recordings without the use of a Digital Audio Workstation. During the band's split up they recorded this with some of their past members.
 3 Bats Live is a music DVD by rock singer Meat Loaf. Recorded in 2007 at London Ontario during his Seize the Night tour it mainly features songs from the Bat out of Hell trilogy.
 Beast of Dreams is the sixth and final studio album by the American Noise rock/Industrial band Pain Teens released on October 24 1995 through Trance Syndicate.
 Duluth Does Dylan is a 2000 studio album featuring songs by Bob Dylan covered by bands from Duluth Minnesota Dylan's birthplace. The album was mixed and recorded at Inland Sea Recording in Superior Wisconsin and mastered at Spinout Studio in Burbank California. Duluth Does Dylan was produced by Tim Nelson and Tom Fabjance and features cover and liner art by Chris Monroe. The liner notes were written by Brad Nelson then publisher of the Duluth Ripsaw.
 From Here to Infirmary is the third album by the Chicago-based punk rock band Alkaline Trio released April 3 2001 through Vagrant Records. It was their first album for Vagrant and their only album with drummer Mike Felumlee who replaced previous drummer Glenn Porter. It was also their first album to chart reaching #199 on the Billboard 200 and #9 amongst independent albums.
 20 Inolvidables (Eng.: 20 Unforgettables) is a compilation album released by the Mexican groups Los Bukis and Los Temerarios. This album became the second number-one album for Los Bukis and the fourth for Los Temerarios in the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart.
 When You're a Boy is the debut solo album by Susanna Hoffs. It begins with the Billboard Top 40 single My Side of the Bed includes the track Unconditional Love (co-written by Cyndi Lauper) and ends with a cover of Boys Keep Swinging the 1979 song written by David Bowie and Brian Eno. The album's title comes from the lyrics to the latter.The album peaked at #83 on the album charts.Three singles were released from the album: My Side Of The Bed Unconditional Love and Only Love.
 Headstrong is the eponymous debut release and sole album of the band of the same name. It was released on RCA Records in 2002 and proved to be the group's only album before disbanding the following year.The band chose Dan Brodbeck the same man behind their demo to produce the album in their native land of London Ontario. Headstrong features one single in Adriana which reached #15 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks and had a music video.
 Strictly Ballroom is the original soundtrack of the 1992 Golden Globe-nominated film Strictly Ballroom starring Paul Mercurio Tara Morice Barry Otto and Pat Thomson. The original score was composed by David Hirschfelder.The album won the BAFTA Award for Best Original Film Score.
 Crystal Night is an album by Attacco Decente. It was the band's second and last album released in 1996 on All Or Nothing Records.
 33 is the eleventh studio studio album by Mexican singer-producer Luis Miguel released by WEA Latina on September 30 2003. It sold over 4 million of copies worldwide. Though the album did not surface well on the Billboard 200 peaking at #43. The album garnered Luis Miguel one Latin Grammy Nomination for Best Male Pop Vocal Album. It also received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album.
 Pool It! issued in 1987 by Rhino Records is a pop/rock album (the tenth studio release) by The Monkees. It was the first reunion album by the band after their 1986 rebirth and it marked the return of Peter Tork along with Micky Dolenz and Davy Jones.
 Absolutely Live is a live album by musician Rod Stewart. It was released as a double-LP in 1982. The subsequent CD version omitted the tracks The Great Pretender and Guess I'll Always Love You in order to do a single CD.
 The Remix Collection is a 1995 remix LP for R&B group Boyz II Men issued by Motown Records. Released against the group's wishes it began a chain of events that led to the eventual dissolution of Boyz II Men's relationship with Motown.[citation needed]
 Be Honest is an EP from melodic hardcore band No Trigger. This marks the band's first recording in four years following the release of their last full length Canyoneer. This EP is also a reunion of the original band line-up.
 Viva Las Violence is the fourth studio album of North Carolina horror-themed punk band Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13. It was released on November 6 2001 on Century Media Records in collaboration with People Like You Records. It is considered to be their most successful album and was dedicated to Michael Spider Trash Patrick. It is featured in the 2006 box set Little Box of Horrors.
 Final Call is an album by Japanese New Age recording artist Kitaro released by Domo Records on September 10 2013. The album is a tribute to Kitaro's lifelong reverence of Nature and a musical call to action to encourage everyone to take better care of how we treat our planet.Commenting on Final Call Kitaro said I have always felt we all must respect the providence of the Universe.
 Spy is the debut album by American indie rock group Spy. Recorded by Steve Albini the album is a vinyl-only release though it is available free on the band's website. [1]
 No Time to Kill is a 1993 album by country singer-songwriter Clint Black.
 The BBC Recordings was the last live compilation album by Welsh rock band Budgie. The tracks on this album were taken from five shows.
 Katrina & the Waves 2 is the second album by New Wave band Katrina and the Waves released in 1984 (see 1984 in music).
 Petra Means Rock is Petra's first compilation album. It was released by StarSong in 1989.
 Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Australian singer Kylie Minogue released in 1992. It contains nineteen singles from her first four studio albums Kylie Enjoy Yourself Rhythm of Love and Let's Get to It as well as three new songs recorded specifically for inclusion on this album. The album was largely written and produced by the Stock Aitken Waterman team and its release marked the end of Minogue's professional relationship with them.
 Middle Class Revolt is an album by The Fall released in 1994 on Permanent Records. It spent one week on the UK album chart at number 48 a marked contrast to the top 10 debut of their preceding album The Infotainment Scan. The album's full title is Middle Class Revolt A/K/A The Vapourisation Of Reality. Drummer Karl Burns features for the first time since 1985's This Nation's Saving Grace having rejoined the band in 1993.The album spawned two singles Behind the Counter (12/93 - no.
 Singing Is Believing is a country/gospel album by Billy Crash Craddock. It was released in 1978. The album was produced by Billy Crash Craddock and Dale Morris.
 Roc Cafe is the third album by the Welsh rock band Crys. It was released in 1995 on the Fflach record label as a CD. It is no longer in print.
 Into a New Dimension is the third album by the band Divinefire.
 Spir (released 1998 in Oslo Norway on the record label NorCD - NorCD 9830) is an album by the Norwegian saxophonist Karl Seglem's Sogn-A-Song.
 WISH A Collection of Janice's Top Hits With 4 additional New singles. 'Wish' '心有不甘' '殘酷遊戲' and '你的眼神'. From 4 of the new songs released '心有不甘' lyrics was re-wrote from the original song '梦醒时分' and '你的眼神' was also changed into a Cantonese version from the song '你的眼神' by Tsai Chin. The album also comes with a total of 17 Music Video of Janice's New Songs and some of her Classic Hits.
 Ja eventualno bih ako njega eliminišete is the second studio album by the Serbian punk rock band Atheist Rap released by PGP-RTS in 1995. The album previously available only on compact cassette was re-released by Hi-Fi Centar featuring bonus material. The album title is an acronym for jebanje (fucking)
 Amanhã É Tarde (Portuguese for Tomorrow's Too Late) is the fifth studio album by Brazilian band Fellini and it was released in 2001 by independent carioca label Midsummer Madness. It is their first album of new material since 1989's Amor Louco.
 Atomic Bitchwax is the debut album by The Atomic Bitchwax released on June 22 1999. The CD was released by Mia Records and the LP was released by Tee Pee Records. It was re-released on CD in 2005 by MeteorCity.
 Made to Be Broken is the second full-length album from Soul Asylum. It is also the first of three albums of Soul Asylum to be released in 1986.The song Never Really Been contained the line And where will you be in 1993. The band performed the song on their 1993 appearance on MTV Unplugged by which time they'd seen their first platinum-selling album and number one single. They won a Grammy and performed at the presidential inauguration that same year.
 The Sin of Pride is the fourth and final album to be released by the original line-up of The Undertones. The album which was produced by Mike Hedges was recorded between the autumn of 1982 and the spring of 1983.
 Perpetuum Fritule is the fifth album by the Croatian hip hop / rap rock band The Beat Fleet and their first live album. It was recorded at the Močvara club in Zagreb on 7 November 2009 and the album was released in July 2010.
 Esoptron is the second full-length album by Septic Flesh released in 1995. The actual title is ΕΣΟΠΤΡΟΝ or Εσοπτρον. The word is Greek for mirror. The album will be reissued in June 2013 by Season of Mist.
 Mo Beauty is the debut album by Clap Your Hands Say Yeah frontman Alec Ounsworth. It was released October 20 2009 on Anti- Records. In August 2009 Ounsworth released Skin and Bones as Flashy Python.The title is the name of shop in the Tremé section of New Orleans a photograph of which is on the album cover.
 Binary is the fifth studio album by Kay Tse released on July 25 2008.
 Eternity Project One was a 1989 British compilation released by Gee Street Records. It featured the first recorded material by The Orb as well as tracks by several acid house artists of the late 1980s. Many of the tracks include production from Bass (Kris Weston) Rockman (Jimmy Cauty) and Eternity (Martin Glover). Also featured is Robo-Bop a joint venture between Jimmy Cauty and Kris Weston. The compilation was released on both CD (rereleased by Rough Trade Records) and vinyl.
 My Everest is the debut full-length album on Search and Rescue Records from the Flint Michigan based punk rock band The Swellers.
 Crosswinds is the second album of fusion drummer Billy Cobham. The album was released in 1974. It comprises four songs all composed by Billy Cobham.
 Guide to Better Living is the debut studio album by Australian alternative metal and post-grunge band Grinspoon. It was released on 16 September 1997 on the Grudge Records label (an imprint of Universal Music Australia) and was produced by Phil McKellar. The album reached number 11 on the ARIA Albums Chart and spent 36 weeks on the national charts. At the 1998 ARIA Music Awards Grinspoon received a nomination in the category 'Breakthrough Artist – Album' for Guide to Better Living.
 Contact the 3rd album from the new wave band Platinum Blonde was released in 1987. Canadian sales of Alien Shores and Contact exceeded 100000 copies.The album featured a blistering rendition of the Ohio Players classic Fire as the third single.
 Battle Cry is the debut album of the American heavy metal band Omen. It was originally released in 1984 by Metal Blade.In 2005 Metal Blade re-released Battle Cry on Picture LP format limited to 500 copies and including two bonus tracks.
 Live in Hamburg is the fifth live album of the German rock band Böhse Onkelz. It was recorded on October 5 2004 at the Colorline Arena in Hamburg. The concert was the last concert of the tournament La Ultima.
 La Fin du Monde is the second album by the Toronto-based instrumental band The Hylozoists.
 Morning Star is the seventh full length album by Swedish metal band Entombed. It was released in January 2002. This Entombed album marked Entombed returning to their more death metal roots.
 Little Red is the second studio album by British singer Katy B. It was released on 7 February 2014 by Rinse Columbia Records and Sony Music. The album includes the singles 5 AM and Crying for No Reason. The album peaked at number one on the UK Albums Chart making it her first number-one album in the United Kingdom.
 The Platinum Collection is a 2006 Virgin Records compilation album written and mostly performed by Mike Oldfield. It contains most of Oldfield's best known work and some rare mixes of songs that had previously only been available as B-sides to singles.The first two discs are entirely made up from content Oldfield's Virgin albums whereas some pieces on disc three are under licence from Warner.
 Pass It on Down is second studio album by The Elders a Celtic rock band from Kansas City Missouri.
 Ace of Hz EP is the sixth EP by British electronic music band Ladytron. It was released as music download on 11 January 2011 through Nettwerk.This EP includes the album version of the single Ace of Hz plus five remixes of it. Two remixes were made by the well-known trance producer and DJ Tiësto.The song Ace of Hz appeared in the Ladytron's compilation Best of 00–10 and also on their 2011 studio album Gravity the Seducer.
 The Art of Navigating by the Stars is the sixth studio album by the progressive metal band Sieges Even. It is the first album to feature the vocalist Arno Menses.
 Chet Baker Sings is an album by jazz musician Chet Baker released in 1956.
 I Killed the Zeitgeist is the debut solo studio album by Manic Street Preachers bass guitarist and lyricist Nicky Wire. It was released on 25 September 2006 through Red Ink Records.
 Maybe You've Been Brainwashed Too is the only album by the New Radicals released in late 1998 by MCA Records. Two singles were released off it in 1998 and 1999 You Get What You Give and Someday We'll Know.The album reached #41 on the Billboard 200 and achieved Platinum status (1000000 copies sold) on October 14 1999 in the United States. On the UK Albums Chart the album reached a peak of #10.
 Magic Fingers is the third studio album by the Indonesian guitarist Balawan released in 2005 in Indonesia by Sony BMG.
 De Corazón is the eleventh studio album recorded by Puerto Rican salsa singer Gilberto Santa Rosa released on December 9 1997. It was nominated for Tropical Salsa Album of the Year at the 10th Lo Nuestro AWards.
 Qismat Apnay Haat Mein is the latest album produced by Shehzad Roy with the title song named as Qismat Apnay Haat Mein Shehzad Roy's sixth album released on July 25 2008 on Fire Records.
 Dancing with a Ghost is the third full-length studio album by American pop punk band Valencia released through I Surrender Records on October 12 2010.After releasing a single album on major label Columbia Records We All Need a Reason to Believe in 2008 Valencia re-signed with their former independent label I Surrender Records in early 2010.
 iTunes Originals – Ben Lee (2006) is an iTunes Originals release by Australian musician Ben Lee. It is exclusive to the Australian and New Zealand iTunes Stores.
 Hip Soul is a studio album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1961 for Prestige and released the same year as PRLP 7205.
 JLT is the eighth solo studio album by Joe Lynn Turner.
 Maria Muldaur is the eponymous 1973 first solo release of musician Maria Muldaur. The album includes Muldaur's best-known single Midnight at the Oasis which charted at #6 on the Billboard Hot 100 and Three Dollar Bill which charted at #7 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary charts. The album which peaked at #3 on The Billboard 200 was certified gold by the RIAA on May 13 1974.The album was positively reviewed and very positively in at least one case.
 Color Change! is Crystal Kay's eighth studio album and was released on August 6 2008. The album peaked at #6 on the Oricon daily chart and at #8 on the weekly chart. The album includes songs produced by Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis (Itoshiihito and I Can't Wait) and Bloodshy & Avant (It's a Crime). First pressings included a DVD which contained music videos for Namida no Saki ni Shining and Dream World from her previous album All Yours.
 Clone is the fourth studio album by British progressive metal band Threshold released in 1998. This album is the first to feature longtime singer Andrew Mac McDermott and the final album to feature drummer Mark Heaney.
 Chop Chop is the sixth studio album by Irish band Bell X1. It was released on 28 June 2013 in Ireland Germany and the Netherlands. The album released in the United Kingdom on 1 July 2013 and North America on 2 July 2013.
 2001 (also referred to as The Chronic 2001) is the second studio album by American hip hop recording artist Dr. Dre released on November 16 1999 by Interscope Records. It is the follow-up to his debut album The Chronic (1992). It was produced primarily by Dr. Dre and Mel-Man as well as Lord Finesse and features several guest contributions from fellow American rappers such as Hittman Snoop Dogg Kurupt Xzibit Nate Dogg and Eminem.
 Live Cream Volume II is the second live compilation album by the English rock band Cream released in March 1972 by Polydor Records (Atco Records in the US). This album contains six tracks recorded at various performances from 9 March to 4 October 1968.
 Love at the Greek is a live double album by Neil Diamond which was released in 1977. It was Diamond's second live album recorded from a concert at The Greek Theater in Los Angeles and Neil's second album produced by Robbie Robertson of The Band (the first being 1976's Beautiful Noise).
 Estandarte is the tenth studio album released by Brazilian rock band Skank in 2008.
 Grand Ukulele is Jake Shimabukuro's 2012 album released in October 2012. The album was produced by Alan Parsons with orchestrations done by Kip Winger. Grand Ukulele features a 29-piece orchestra and a rhythm section with the ukulele as solo instrument and was recorded in live studio sessions with no over-dubbing.
 Paradoxa Paradoxa (パラドクサ・パラドクサ) also known as Live at Kid Airak Hall. It is a live album of the Japanese noise group Merzbow's first live performance.It is sometimes referred to as a separate album called Live at Kid Airak Hall because Paradoxa Paradoxa is only written in Japanese on the insert.Material from this tape was included on the album Tridal Production.The full-length concert recording was later included in the Merzbox (2000).
 Forever Cool is a compilation album of duets featuring singer Dean Martin paired with various artists. It was released in 2007 (12 years after his death) through Capitol Records.Unlike several duet albums (for example fellow Rat Pack singer Frank Sinatra's 1993 duets album) this posthumous one utilizes the archived voice tracks of Martin himself paired with contemporary singers and instrumentalists such as Kevin Spacey Martina McBride Shelby Lynne Joss Stone Chris Botti and a few others.
 Byrd in the Wind is an album by American jazz guitarist Charlie Byrd featuring tracks recorded in 1959 and released on the Riverside label in 1963.The album was first released on the Washington Records Offbeat imprint as Byrd in the Wind: Jazz at the Showboat Vol. II'
 Rock the World is the third studio album by Canadian rock band Kick Axe. The album was released in 1986.
 No Business is a 2005 album by the sound collage band Negativland. While the songs encompass a variety of topics the overarching theme of the album is copyright issues especially those pertaining to peer-to-peer file sharing.
 Free at Last is the fifth studio album by English rock band Free. The band had broken up in April 1971 due to differences between singer Paul Rodgers and bassist Andy Fraser[citation needed].
 This Desert Life is the third studio album from Counting Crows. The cover art is by noted comic book artist Dave McKean best known for his work with Neil Gaiman and is in fact an adaptation of the cover art McKean did for Gaiman's picture book The Day I Swapped My Dad for Two Goldfish.
 Season of the Sparks is the fifth studio album released by Irish singer-songwriter Adrian Crowley. On March 3 2010 it was announced as the winner of the Choice Music Prize for Irish Album of the Year 2009 at Vicar Street Dublin.It was released on April 24 2009.
 Step Off is a 2002 album by rock band ESG.
 Who We Are is the debut studio album by American pop music singer Hope Partlow. It was released on September 9 2005. Shortly after this album was released Virgin Records dropped Partlow's contract. This album was also Hope's last album as Hope Partlow she changed her name in 2012 to Hope Wilson.
 In Concert is the fourth album by Christian singer Amy Grant released in 1981 on Myrrh Records.In Concert was the first album of a double live set the other being In Concert Volume Two which was released later that year. Although the two should have been issued as a double album budget problems forced the two to be released separately.
 'Monedas al aire' is the second studio album of Carlos Varela released in 1991.
 En Vivo (Eng.: Live) is the first live album released by Marco Antonio Solís from El Teatro de Bellas Artes Puerto Rico on October 30 2000.
 Chocolate Kings is the fourth album by Italian progressive rock band Premiata Forneria Marconi published in 1975 by the Numero Uno division of RCA Records in Italy. It also was released by Manticore Records in the UK and Asylum Records the USA. It was their first album to include Bernardo Lanzetti on lead vocals. It was also their first album to be written natively in English which the band felt was better suited to rock music and easier to use than Italian.
 Lost Boys is a 1984 album by The Flying Pickets.
 Danzig 4 is the fourth studio album by Danzig. It was released in 1994 on American Recordings following 1993's highly successful Thrall: Demonsweatlive EP and singer Glenn Danzig's 1992 instrumental solo effort Black Aria.
 Zeit (English: Time) is the third album by the German electronic music group Tangerine Dream. A double LP it was released in August 1972 being the first release featuring Peter Baumann who joined then-current members Christopher Franke and Edgar Froese.
 Half a Klip is an EP album by American rapper Kool G Rap released on February 5 2008 by Chinga Chang Latchey and Koch Records. It was the first new solo release from Kool G Rap in six years and its producers included DJ Premier Marley Marl Domingo and Marks. KL of Screwball D-Roc and Haylie Duff appeared as a guest vocalists.
 Feed My Soul is an album by gospel/soul trio The Holmes Brothers. Released on March 2 2010 the album is largely influenced by lead singer Wendell Holmes's recent bout with cancer;[citation needed] he is the album's dominant songwriter. The album was produced by Joan Osborne.
 Ride is the soundtrack of the 1998 film Ride. It was released on January 27 1998 on Tommy Boy Records and consisted of hip hop and R&B music. The album failed to chart but five singles made it: Mourn You Til I Join You The Worst Callin' Jam on It and The Weekend.
 The Moviegoer is the seventh studio album by the American solo artist Scott Walker. It was released in October 1972 but failed to chart. No singles were released from the album though This Way Mary was later released as a b-side to Walker's 1973 single The Me I Never Knew. The album consists solely of renditions of film theme songs originally performed by other artists.The album was the first of six studio albums in which Walker did not contribute original material.
 Battle Of Armagideon (Millionaire Liquidator) is an album from reggae artist Mr. Lee 'Scratch' Perry and his backing group at the time billed as the Upsetters . The album was released in 1986 on the Trojan Records label. It was re-released on CD in 1988 by Trojan and on October 9 2001 on the Sanctuary Records label.
 Depths is the debut album by American deathcore band Oceano released April 7 2009 through Earache Records. Music videos were made for the songs District of Misery and A Mandatory Sacrifice.
 The following is a list of compilation albums of songs recorded by U.S. singer Jo Stafford that have been released since 2010. They include material from her solo career and recordings she made with artists such as Gordon MacRae as well as her foray into comedy with husband Paul Weston as New Jersey lounge act Jonathan and Darlene Edwards.
 The Grandiose Nowhere is the ninth studio album by Lacrimas Profundere released on April 30 2010.
 The Anthology: 1947–1972 is a double compilation album by Chicago blues singer/guitarist Muddy Waters. The album was released on August 28 2001 by Chess and MCA Records. The album was also released on the same day by Universal Distribution as Gold.
 Lay Your Hands on Me is the fourth and final studio album by Art Porter Jr.. Lay Your Hands on Me was produced by Chuckii Booker and was recorded at Siide FX Studios and mixed at AmerRaycan Studios by Raymundo Silva. The album has been described as a tribute to Chicago. It was described by Allmusic as smoother than should be legal.
 Dreamboat Annie is the debut album by American rock band Heart. At the time the band was based in Vancouver B.C. and the album was recorded in B.C. and first released in Canada by Mushroom Records (Canada) in the fall of 1975. It was released in the United States on February 14 1976 through the L.A. subsidiary of Mushroom Records (Canada). It contained three hit singles which became staples on FM radio.
 Mindset is the sixteenth album by Australian improvised music trio The Necks first released on the Fish of Milk label in 2011 in Australia and on the ReR label internationally. Their first album to be released on vinyl Mindset consists of two contrasting pieces titled Rum Jungle and Daylights the former propulsive and jangling and the latter more ambient in nature.
 The European Invasion – Doom Troopin' Live is the second concert DVD of Zakk Wylde's Black Label Society. It was released in 2006 just before their Shot to Hell album. The DVD contains footage from two different concerts in Paris and London and also includes videos from the songs Suicide Messiah In This River and Fire It Up as well as a making of feature for the Suicide Messiah video. Also included is a 50-minute featurette called Backstage Pass.
 Home for the Holidays was recorded during the Mormon Tabernacle Choir's 2012 Christmas shows in the LDS Conference Center with special guests English tenor Alfie Boe former NBC News anchor Tom Brokaw and Retired Col. Gail Halvorsen aka Candy Bomber. An album and concert DVD are set to be released on October 15 2013 along with a companion book titled Christmas from Heaven: The Story of the Berlin Candy Bomber. The recorded concert will be broadcast on PBS during December 2013.
 Gretzky is the debut full-length album by Canadian instrumental progressive metal band Electro Quarterstaff. It is named after hockey legend Wayne Gretzky and follows the trend of naming their releases as the last name of a male celebrity begun on their first EP Swayze (named for Patrick Swayze) and continued with the release of their second LP Aykroyd.
 They Can't Deport Us All was Chingo Bling's debut album with Asylum Records released on August 14 2007. The lead singles are Do The Lasso and Like This and Like That. Production comes mostly come from Carnival Beats and Shadow Ramirez. Also Scott Storch produced a track on the album. The album also has a chopped and screwed version by Eddie DeVille.
 Emotional History is MAX's fourth original studio album on original label Avex Trax. The album comes three years after the release of their last studio album Maximum Groove in 1999. It is their first album to contain songs written by the group themselves. The first track of the album But My Love is a cover of a song by Key of Life and is credited to M&I. M&I is a collaboration between MAX and Issa of the group Da Pump who raps on the song.
 A Christmas Celebration of Hope is the thirty ninth studio album by American blues guitarist and singer-songwriter B.B. King released in November 2001 through MCA Records. It is a holiday album.In the United States A Christmas Celebration of Hope reached peak positions of number 151 on the Billboard 200 number one on Billboard's Top Blues Albums chart and number 21 on the Top Holiday Albums chart.
 Beautiful is an album by Cuban jazz percussionist Candido Camero recorded in 1970 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Live at Fillmore West is an album by King Curtis released in 1971. The album showcases the concert he played with his band The Kingpins at the Fillmore West venue in San Francisco in March 1971 who were supporting and backing soul singer Aretha Franklin. A week after its release in August 1971 Curtis was stabbed to death outside his brownstone apartment in New York.It was reissued on compact disc in the 1990s through Rhino Records and was released in an expanded edition in 2006.
 BlueBob is an album of music cowritten and performed by David Lynch and John Neff. Two of the album's tracks Mountains Falling and Go Get Some appeared in Lynch's film Mulholland Drive. A music video for Thank You Judge was featured on Lynch's official website starring Naomi Watts as the wife Eli Roth as her boyfriend Lynch as Billy Groper and Neff as the main character.
 Lois V Vierk (born August 4 1951 Hammond Indiana) is a post-minimalist or totalistcomposer who lives in New York City.She received a B.A. degree in piano and ethnomusicology from UCLA in 1974. She then attended Cal Arts studying composition with Mel Powell Leonard Stein and Morton Subotnick receiving her M.F.A. in 1978.
 Show Me Your Way is the 48th album by American singer/guitarist Glen Campbell released in 1991 (see 1991 in music).
 Sheikh Aljama is an album by Spanish industrial band Esplendor Geometrico recorded at Al-Majriti Studio in Melilla (Spain) and released as CD by Daft Records in Belgium.The title meaning Community’s Sheikh in Arabic was the official title for the first president of the Córdoban Republic after the fall of the caliphate. The cover depicts a Muslim girl on the old Granada’s King throne at Alhambra fortress.
 Dr. Dre:Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Dr. Dre released in 1997 by the Ramshorn Productions label.
 Ultra. Trance:4 is a mixed trance compilation album from Ultra Records as part of the Ultra Trance series. It was released on September 7 2004.
 Stronger is an album released in 2008 by American country music singer Carlene Carter. Included is I'm So Cool a song originally recorded on Carter's 1980 album Musical Shapes.
 Word Up! Greatest Hits – Live is a live album released by the funk/R&B group Cameo in 2007. In addition to the live material two studio tracks were included: Come Fly With Me and Nasty both written by Larry Blackmon. The Mega-Mix is a remix of the album's live tracks.
 The Flip Is Another Honey is a studio album by Mike Doughty composed of covers of songs by John Denver Cheap Trick Stephen Sondheim Thin Lizzy Camille and others intermingled with his own original music.
 Black is a 2013 album by the German Electro-industrial band Project Pitchfork. It is their 16th studio album and was released in multiple formats including a double-disc deluxe version featuring two b-sides and three remixes. The song Rain was released as a music video to promote the record.
 In a Different Light is Avalon's third studio album released on March 23 1999. It is the first album with group member Cherie Adams who replaced Nikki Hassman-Anders. This is Avalon's second album to be certified Gold by the RIAA. The project was an instant hit at Christian radio containing four No. 1 singles: Can't Live A Day Take You At Your Word In Not Of and Always Have Always Will.
 Enjoy! is the debut album by German pop singer Jeanette. It was released by Universal Records on 13 November 2000 in Germany.
 The Truth was the debut solo album by Aaron Hall former lead singer of Guy a new jack swing group. Hall's first solo single was Don't Be Afraid from the soundtrack for Juice and the single went on to be a #1 R&B chart hit.The Truth was quite successful. Though it only peaked at #47 on the Billboard 200 it produced four successful singles one even making it to the top 20 on the Hot 100.
 You All Look the Same to Me is Archive's third studio album. In this album Archive used Craig Walker for vocals and gradually turned away from their roots in electronica and trip hop and towards more psychedelic and progressive style of bands such as Pink Floyd Mogwai and The Secret Machines. This album is Archive's first album with their new vocalist Craig Walker formerly of Power of Dreams a pop/rock band built around him and Keith Walker.
 Radical Connector is an album by German electronica group Mouse on Mars released in 2004.
 Blood Lust is an EP recorded from 1982 to 1983. This red 7 vinyl EP includes a 3 second intro followed by 11 songs with an average length of 58 seconds for a total play time of 10:41.The Bergen County borough of Lodi NJ was the spawning ground for hardcore punk band Rosemary's Babies.
 Suspending Disbelief is the eighth album by American singer-songwriter Jimmy Webb released in September 1993 by Elektra Records.
 Harmony in Ultraviolet is Tim Hecker's fourth full-length album released on October 16 2006 by Kranky.
 Peel Sessions 1979–1983 is a compilation album by Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark released in 2000. The songs were recorded between 1979 and 1983 for the BBC Radio 1 show presented by John Peel. Electricity is added as a bonus track and is the original version that was featured on their debut single on Factory Records (FAC6). Bunker Soldiers was recorded for the first and fourth sessions; the version from the fourth session was not released on this album.
 I'll Lead You Home is a 1995 album by Michael W. Smith released by Reunion Records.
 Vol. 3… Life and Times of S. Carter is the fourth studio album by the American rapper Jay-Z released on December 28 1999 on Roc-A-Fella Records. It exhibits a return to the street-oriented sound of his first album Reasonable Doubt (1996). Production for the album was handled by several hip hop producers including Swizz Beatz Timbaland K-Rob DJ Premier Rockwilder DJ Clue and Irv Gotti.
 Freedom is the third Christian worship music album by Darrell Evans released by Vertical Music in 1998. This album also features Lincoln Brewster who played lead guitar and aided in songwriting. So Good to Me is on the Digital Praise PC game Guitar Praise.
 Im Gay (Im Happy) is the fifth studio album by California rapper Lil B. The album was suddenly released digitally on June 29 2011. On June 30 2011 the rapper provided a free download link on his Twitter account. The album entered the Billboard's R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart at number 56 and the Heatseekers Albums chart at number 20 for the week of July 16 2011. The album's cover is an allusion to Marvin Gaye's 1976 album I Want You.
 Teenage Drug is the second album from Irish band The Sultans Of Ping FC. It was released in March 1994 and reached #54 in the UK album chart.
 Just Gettin' It On is the rerelease of Playa Fly's 1995 independent album Triple Bitch Mafia which was an entire diss album to his former group Three 6 Mafia. Fly goes under the name Lil' Fly on most of the album being that was his title during that year. Just Gettin' It On was released in 1999 on Diamond Records with a bonus track Fuck A Wanna Be.
 The Second Coming was Little Richard's third album for Reprise Records and saw him reunited with Robert Bumps Blackwell from his Specialty days with them co-writing the majority of the album together. However the album again failed to chart.
 Kansas' sixth compilation album Works in Progress is a combination CD/DVD release from the band Kansas bringing together songs from the last ten years (1992–2002) of the band's career featuring music from Live at the Whisky Freaks of Nature and Device – Voice – Drum. In addition the companion DVD collects a number of live performances originally featured on Live at the Whisky and Device – Voice – Drum. The title is a pun based on their progressive rock genre.
 Nawal 1989 is a 1989 album by the singer Nawal El Kuwaiti.
 Hanoï is the sixth live album by French new wave band Indochine. It was released in February 2007. It is a recording of a performance that took place on 6 June 2006. The album takes its name from the location of the concert Hanoi Vietnam.
 Screamadelica is the third studio album by the Scottish alternative rock group Primal Scream. It was their first to be a commercial success. It was released on 23 September 1991 in the UK by Creation Records and 8 October 1991 in North America by Sire Records. Screamadelica peaked at #8 on the UK Albums Chart upon its initial release. The album was released to widespread critical acclaim and is frequently acknowledged as one of the best albums of the 1990s.
 Happy Heroes is a E.P. by sound collage and experimental musical group Negativland.
 Live at the Isle of Wight 1970 is a combo CD/DVD live album by Canadian singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen. Released in October 2009 it is his nineteenth album. The album was recorded in 1970 at the Isle of Wight.
 This Adultery Is Ripe is the debut studio album by the American post-hardcore band The Blood Brothers released in August 2000. Produced by Matt Bayles this album was recorded over a weekend [1] on a limited budget and has been described as stripped-down and catchy by singer Jordan Blilie[2]. The artwork to This Aldutery Is Ripe is almost entirely composed of pictures taken from the 1967 film The Graduate Which is described as a cinematic masterpiece in the liner notes.
 Songs from the Departure Lounge is an album by New Zealand band Able Tasmans released in 1998.
 All Shook Up is a 1980 album by Cheap Trick. It was their fifth studio album and sixth release overall. It was produced by former Beatles producer George Martin. As such this was the first album since their debut to be produced by someone other than Tom Werman.
 Ultimate Disney Princess is a three-disc compilation album set consisting of a wide range of popular Disney songs mainly those sang by or related to the Disney Princesses.The first disc consists of 26 songs that are from the films or originally produced for the Disney Princess franchise. The second disk is made up of instrumental versions of 14 select songs.
 Standard Coltrane is an album credited to jazz musician John Coltrane released in 1962 on Prestige Records catalogue 7243. It is assembled from unissued results of a single recording session at the studio of Rudy Van Gelder in Hackensack New Jersey in 1958. As Coltrane's fame grew during the 1960s long after he had stopped recording for the label Prestige used unissued recordings to create new marketable albums without Coltrane's input or approval.
 Butterfly Kisses (Shades of Grace) is the third studio album by American Christian music artist Bob Carlisle. It was released by Diadem/Jive Records on May 13 1997. The album peaked at No. 1 on the Billboard 200.
 Focus is the debut album by Cynic released September 14 1993 through Roadrunner Records. A remastered version of the album was released in 2004.
 Sun and Steel is the sixth and final album released by Iron Butterfly in 1975. It explores a wider variety of styles than any other Iron Butterfly album yet always remains within the contemporary conventions of hard rock aside from a foray into progressive rock on I'm Right I'm Wrong.
 The Painted Word is the fourth album by English punk new wave band Television Personalities.
 It's Christmas is the Christmas album of singer Ledisi. The album peaked #28 on the Top R&B charts. This is Ledisi's second release on Verve Forecast. This Christmas was released as the lead single and Children Go Where I Send Thee was released as the second single of the album.
 Periphery is the debut studio album by American progressive metal band Periphery signed by Sumerian Records and released on April 20 2010. Many songs on the track list had been written long before the release date but due to vocalist complications the debut album had been postponed on several occasions. Former vocalist Chris Barretto had nearly finished recording the album before he and the band parted ways months before its release.
 Is That All You Wanted is Sherry Rich's third EP released in 1997. The title track is lifted from her 1997 studio album Sherry Rich & Courtesy Move
 Never Going Back to OK is the second album by Christian rock group The Afters released on February 26 2008.The first single from the album is the title track Never Going Back to OK. The track has been released as a streaming file on their MySpace website and for purchase on iTunes. Since the album's release Keeping Me Alive and We Are the Sound have both been played as singles on Christian radio.
 Kolossus is Keep of Kalessin's fourth studio album. It was released on June 6 2008 in Europe and on June 10 in the U.S. A limited edition deluxe digipak was released under Indie Recordings which contains a bonus DVD including interviews behind-the-scenes material the making of Kolossus the live performance Come Damnation Live in Paris 2006 and the Kolossus teaser.
 John Denver - A Portrait is an album made by Windstar Records and features the music of John Denver. A similarly named Portrait was released by BMG in 1999. The BMG release was a two-disc set.John Denver: A Portrait is also the name of a DVD documentary about his life released in 1994.
 In the Wake of Determination is the second studio album by American rock band Story of the Year. It was released on October 11 2005. The first single that was released from the album was We Don't Care Anymore followed by another two songs titled Our Time Is Now and Take Me Back. The album is much heavier sounding than their debut album Page Avenue due to switching producers to get their true sound.
 In the Air is the third studio album by American progressive house DJ Morgan Page released on April 3 2012 by Nettwerk.
 III is the fourth studio album from country music artist Joe Nichols. The album's name is the Roman numeral three. It was his third album to be released on Universal South Records. The album produced Nichols' second Number One hit in Tequila Makes Her Clothes Fall Off as well as the Top Ten hit Size Matters (Someday) and I'll Wait for You.
 Religious Wars is the third extended play by the anarcho-punk band Subhumans. It was released on Spiderleg Records in 1982 and rereleased as part of the EP-LP compilation on Bluurg Records in 1985.
 Kiselina (trans. Acid) is the 1973 debut album by former Yugoslav progressive rock band Pop Mašina.The album was polled in 1998 as the 60th on the list of 100 greatest Yugoslav rock and pop albums in the book YU 100: najbolji albumi jugoslovenske rok i pop muzike (YU 100: The Best Albums of Yugoslav Rock and Pop Music).
 Collections is the second album by rock band The Young Rascals. The album was released on January 9 1967 and rose to #15 on the Billboard Top LPs chart.
 In the Court of the Wrestling Let's is the debut studio album by British indie rock band Let's Wrestle. It was released on June 29 2009 through Stolen Recordings.The name of the album appears to be a tribute to highly influential progressive rock band King Crimson's debut album In the Court of the Crimson King which also features the name of the band but with the two words swapped around. The album is to be released in America on Merge Records in March.
 Kuroneko to Tsuki Kikyū o Meguru Bōken (黒猫と月気球をめぐる冒険) is Yui Horie's second album. It contains an alternate version of the song Love Destiny from the show Sister Princess. The name of the album could be translated The adventures of the Black Cat with the Moon Balloon. The name of the Black Cat League Yui Horie fan club probably originates itself from this album.
 At the Hickory House is a two volume live album by German-born jazz pianist Jutta Hipp featuring performances recorded in 1956 and released on the Blue Note label as BLP 1515 and BLP 1516.
 Flowers in the Dirt is the eighth solo studio album by Paul McCartney released in 1989. Upon release It was considered a major return to form for McCartney because he was embarking on his first world tour since the Wings Over the World tour in 1975/1976. Flowers in the Dirt was also celebrated due to its musical quality which earned McCartney his best reviews in years.
 A Bit of Liverpool is an album by singing group The Supremes released in the fall of 1964 on the Motown label. It was produced by Berry Gordy with Hal Davis and Marc Gordon doing the mixing.As an indication of how hot they were at the time the album just missed the Top 20 in the U.S. peaking at #21. While not quite as prolific as their pop counterparts at that time The Beatles The Supremes enjoyed 3 albums charting simultaneously in 1964-65.
 Live in Japan is Do as Infinity's second live album as well as a concert DVD. It was a recording of the first live concert that Do as Infinity held in Budokan which was part of the Gates of Heaven Tour. Guitarist Ryo Owatari considered Budokan as a place where only the best bands could play. The CD version was recorded on 31 January 2004 and the DVD version on 1 February 2004.
 No Man is an Island is the debut album from reggae singer Dennis Brown. Recorded when Brown was aged between twelve and thirteen during 1969 and 1970 it includes his debut single a cover of The Impressions' hit No Man is an Island a song he had originally worked on with producer Derrick Harriott and eleven other tracks all recorded during his time working for Clement Coxsone Dodd's Studio One label.
 Scoundrel Days is the third of four Japan-exclusive EPs by A-ha. Like the other three EPs it is quite rare due to being only released in Japan. Tracks 1–4 were included on the 2010 deluxe edition of Scoundrel Days (track 3 as a download-only bonus track). Track 5 was included on the 2010 deluxe edition of Hunting High and Low.
 Perspective is P-MODEL's fourth album. During live shows before this album's release P-MODEL would play songs that weren't released on albums yet evolving them with some appearing on this album.
 Idiots on the Miniature Golf Course is an album by experimental rock composer Zoogz Rift released in 1979 through Snout Records. It is dedicated to Don Van Vliet.
 The Platinum Collection is a compilation album by Madchester band the Happy Mondays. It is the bands fourth compilation. No new material was included on the release
 Winter Tour '05–'06 is a live album by the band Slightly Stoopid that was released in 2006. A live DVD recorded in San Diego CA on November 26 and 25 2005 was also released to coincide with the album.
 Together was the debut album by S Club Juniors. It was released in 2002 and went to #5 on the UK album charts. The album has sold 600000+ making it x2 Platinum.The track One Step Closer was also released by another 19 Management act American Juniors. You Are the One is a rewritten version of From All of Us by Girl Thing.
 Snow Angel is a compilation album of songs by the Finnish band Värttinä. It contains songs from earlier albums iki 6.12 Ilmatar Aitara and Seleniko. It was released in the Czech Republic in 2005 by Indies Records.
 Behind The Player: Paul Gray is an instructional video by Slipknot's late bassist Paul Gray. Released on November 1 2008 through IMV the DVD features a brief overview of Gray's musical history in-depth lessons on how to play bass for two Slipknot songs as well as other bonus material. Gray gives a walk through of the bass sections for the tracks Duality and Surfacing there is also a jam session which features Stone Sour drummer Roy Mayorga and a video tab for both tracks.
 Dreamchasers 2 is a mixtape by American rapper Meek Mill hosted by DJ Drama. It is the second installment in the Dreamchasers series and was released on May 7 2012 on professional mixtape website Datpiff. Dreamchasers 2 features guest appearances by American rappers Travis Scott Rick Ross Fabolous French Montana Wale Big Sean Kendrick Lamar Mac Miller 2 Chainz and Canadian rapper Drake - along with singing vocals by Jeremih Trey Songz and Jordanne.
 The soundtrack album for the film Crank was released on August 22 2006.
 The World Should Know is a studio album by Jamaican reggae singer Burning Spear. It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Reggae Album at the 36th Grammy Awards in 1994.
 Industry Shakedown is the second official album by rapper Freddie Foxxx (also known as Bumpy Knuckles). Released through Landspeed Records in 2000 the album became the best-selling independent release of that year. The album featured production by DJ Premier Pete Rock Diamond D The Alchemist and Foxxx himself. The first single was the DJ Premier-produced Part Of My Life.
 Forward Space is an album by American-born British-based trumpeter Andre Canniere. It was released on Whirlwind Recordings on 23 January 2012.
 New Britain is the sixth album by Whitehouse released in 1982 by Come Organisation.
 Panatang Makabanda is the 11th studio album released by the Filipino rock band Rivermaya on March 19 2013.This is the first album without the guitarist/lead vocalist Jason Fernandez and bassist Japs Sergio.This is also the first album with their current drummer Ryan Peralta and vocalist/bassist Norby David.
 Falling is the sixth studio album by Praga Khan and is the soundtrack to the movie Falling. It was released in 2001.
 Eternal Warrior is Japanese heavy metal band Anthem's fourth studio album since their reformation in the year 2000.The band released this album after 2 years of intensive touring and planning. Like their previous studio album Overload this album follows the same aggressive direction.
 Dez de Dezembro (In English: December 10th) is a posthumous album by Brazilian singer Cássia Eller released in 2002. It was produced by Nando Reis and mixed by Carlo Bartolini.
 Motor City Ska is the first album by the Christian third-wave ska band The Insyderz and was released 27 July 1997.
 De Libertad y Amor (Of Freedom and Love) was a music album released by the Chilean folk group Illapu in exile in France in 1984.
 One Clear Voice (1995) is the fifth solo album for music artist Peter Cetera and his fourth album since leaving the group Chicago. The album was recorded and released by River North Records.
 Too Much Sugar for a Dime is an album by Henry Threadgill released in 1993 on the Axiom label. It has been described as: a mad glorious romp which explores some very dark timbres and tonalities and yet remains witty fresh and consistently exciting. (Richard Cook & Brian Morton The Penguin Guide to Jazz on CD).
 Strickly For Da Breakdancers & Emceez is an instrumental album produced by rapper KRS-One. It was first recorded and released in 1995 as two separate vinyl records Strictly For Da Breakdancers and Strictly For Da Emcees (The Goddess Set) released via Front Page Entertainment.For the first time on CD KRS-One releases the two instrumental EP's on a 2xCD set through Cleopatra Records. All the music included is produced and arranged by KRS-One and engineered by Commissioner Gordon.
 Omertà (Italian pronunciation: [ɔmɛrˈta]) is the debut full length album by American heavy metal band Adrenaline Mob. The album was released on March 13 2012 in North America by Elm City Music and on March 19 in Europe through Century Media Records. Omertà was produced by Adrenaline Mob and mixed by Jay Ruston.
 Street Sounds Electro 10 is the tenth compilation album in a series and was released 1985 on the StreetSounds label. The album was released on LP and cassette and contains eight electro music and old school hip hop tracks mixed by Herbie Laidley.
 Everybody Loves the Sunshine is a Roy Ayers album released under the Roy Ayers Ubiquity umbrella. Released in 1976 on Polydor Records. The signature track Everybody Loves the Sunshine has been sampled numerous times by Hip Hop artists such as Brand Nubian P.M. Dawn Common Masta Ace Mos Def and others as well as by R&B singer Mary J. Blige Brazilian artist Seu Jorge and British remixer Dobie (for Björk's remix of I Miss You).
 Middle of Nowhere Acoustic is a live acoustic album and DVD by Hanson. It was recorded on May 5 2007 to celebrate the 10th anniversary of their third album Middle of Nowhere. The CD/DVD combo was released on December 12 2007 via Hanson's official website.
 East End Babylon is an album by the band Cockney Rejects released in 2012.
 C.G.P. is an album by Chet Atkins. It was released in 1988 by Columbia Records. The initials in the title refer to the Atkins-coined title Certified Guitar Player a moniker he assigned not only to himself but other guitarists he admired and felt contributed to the legacy of guitar playing.Atkins performs a rare vocal turn on the live rendition of I Still Can't Say Goodbye.
 God Is in the T.V. is the second live video album by American rock band Marilyn Manson released on November 2 1999 on VHS documenting the Rock is Dead tour.
 Atomic Ritual is an album from rock band Nebula released in 2003. Some copies of the CD come with a Liquor and Poker sticker.
 Ruby was the first album by American rock group Ruby featuring Tom Fogerty.The instrumental track BART (named after the San Francisco light rail system) was frequently used by the BBC to accompany test cards interstitial continuity and Pages from Ceefax from the late 1970s until 2012 and the track was chosen to play out the closure of analogue teletext in the UK in October 2012.
 Just Fred is an album by Fred Schneider released in 1996. It was the second of his two solo albums.
 Born in the U.K. is the fifth album released by the singer-songwriter Badly Drawn Boy real name Damon Gough released on 16 October 2006. The album's title is a reference to Bruce Springsteen’s 1984 album Born in the U.S.A.. Gough is a big fan of Springsteen[citation needed] citing his work as an inspiration for his music.[citation needed]Born in the U.K.
 Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music Volume Two is a 1962 album by Ray Charles. It is the second volume of country and western recordings by Charles following his landmark debut on ABC Records. Following the surprising success of Modern Sounds In Country & Western Music Vol 1 an album of country music covers which sold over a million copies Charles and producer Sid Feller decided to do a follow-up.
 Manala is the eighth studio album by the Finnish folk metal band Korpiklaani. It was released on August 3 2012 through Nuclear Blast. Manala translated from Finnish to English is Underworld.
 The Spaces in Between is an album by English saxophonist John Surman recorded in 2006 and released on the ECM label.
 Moog Mig Mag Moog is the thirteenth solo album by electronic music artist Jean-Jacques Perrey. It was released in 1974 on the music label Montparnasse 2000.
 The Best Of N-Trance 1992-2002 is the greatest hits album released by the British electronic music group N-Trance.
 Triakel is the first album by the Swedish folk band of the same name Triakel. It was released in 1998 on Xource records a division of MNW Records Group AB.
 Theocracy is the self-titled debut album by the Christian progressive/power metal band Theocracy. It was released in 2003 on MetalAges Records. The album was a one man project created by musician Matt Smith. The album was remastered and re-released in 2013 consisting of various mixing upgrades performed by Matt Smith and the addition of live drums recorded by Theocracy drummer Shawn Benson.
 D'lectrified is a 1999 (see 1999 in music) album by country singer Clint Black. It is also the first album in Black's career that he produced by himself.The album was recorded entirely without electric instruments. There is not a single electric instrument on the album but you wouldn't know it unless you were told. It is truly totally unplugged says Black. It was recorded entirely in ten weeks the fastest I'd ever done an album.The album is an eclectic mix of material.
 Jing's Note (Chinese: 倫語錄) is Singaporean Mandopop artist Wong JingLun's debut Mandarin solo studio album. It was released on 14 November 2008 by Warner Music Taiwan. A second edition was released on 12 December 2008 Jing's Note (Wish Your Love MV Limited Edition) (倫語錄 Wish Your Love 影音限定版) with a bonus DVD containing three music videos and other behind-the-scene footage.
 Global Underground 005: Tony De Vit Tokyo is a DJ mix album in the Global Underground series compiled and mixed by Tony De Vit. It was released after his death which occurred on July 2 1998.The set was taken from a gig Tony played at in Liquid Rooms Tokyo Japan.At the time of its release there wasn’t a bigger CD around in dance music anywhere. Tony de Vit had progressed from his Sunday morning sets at Trade to a truly global stage.
 Young Tree is the debut album by the American reggae band Groundation. The album was originally released in 1999 on Young Tree Records and was later remastered in 2002 by engineer Jim Fox and rereleased before the 2002 album Hebron Gate. Young Tree is one of reggae's only concept albums.
 Alice is the second independent EP by The Sisters of Mercy and it was released on 12 vinyl in March 1983 by Merciful Release the band's label.
 Seasick is the first album by indie rock band Imperial Teen and was released in the U.S. on May 7 1996 from Slash Records.
 World Diary is the fifth album by Forrest Fang released in 1992 through Ominous Thud.
 Hard On is a 14-track music video compilation by Frankie Goes to Hollywood. It was released by ZTT Records in 2000. The compilation contains all main music videos and includes interviews with Paul Rutherford Trevor Horn Paul Morley Paul Lester and Gary Farrow. It also includes The story of Frankie Goes To Hollywood and ZTT Records as well as a picture gallery of record sleeves photographs press articles and magazine covers.
 Little Trip is a soundtrack by Mugison released in 2005 for the movie A Little Trip to Heaven by Baltasar Kormákur.
 These Wicked Streets is the second album released by rapper Skull Duggery. It was released on September 8 1998 through No Limit Records and was produced by the label's production team Beats By the Pound. These Wicked Streets a vast improvement over his previous album first making it to #41 on the Top Heatseekers before peaking at #21 on the Billboard 200 and #4 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
 Lucy Pearl is the eponymous debut album by R&B group Lucy Pearl released on May 23 2000 by EMI Records.
 Blue Vibes is the debut album by American jazz vibraphonist Johnny Lytle which was recorded in 1960 for the Jazzland label.
 The Phenomenal Nora Aunor is the last non Holiday studio album by Filipino singer-actress Nora Aunorof 1970 released by Alpha Records Corporation in the Philippines in LP format and later released in 1999 in a compilation/ cd format. The album contains 12 tracks of the most famous songs including Yesterday When I was Young.
 Do You Realise was the second EP released by the Dublin-based Irish indie–alternative rock band Delorentos. It was released on 9 November 2007 spending two weeks in the Irish Singles Chart and peaking at #34. The EP contained the tracks Do You Realise Neon (Extended) All This Time and Circumstance and Chance.
 Copium is the sixth album by rapper Keak da Sneak. It served as the soundtrack to Keak's film also entitiled Copium.
 Boyz N the Hood is the soundtrack to the 1991 film as its namesake. It was released on July 9 1991 through Warner Bros. Records and contained mostly hip hop music. The album was very successful making it to #12 on the Billboard 200 and #1 on the Top R&B Albums chart and was certified gold by the RIAA on September 12 of that year.
 Live from Las Vegas is a live album of an April 4 1967 performance by Dean Martin at the Sands Hotel in Las Vegas. It was released in 2005 as part of the Las Vegas Centennial Collection. The album was featured on The Sopranos season 4 finale titled Whitecaps.
 WWE Originals is an album recorded by various World Wrestling Entertainment performers. They each recorded a song that was true to their musical tastes with Stone Cold Steve Austin appearing on five short spoken tracks with Jim Johnston as interludes.Included with the album was a limited edition DVD. This was the first album WWE released with their WWE Records brand (a joint venture of WWE and Columbia/Sony).
 Japonesque (stylized as JAPONESQUE) is the tenth studio album by Koda Kumi. The album was released on January 25 2012.The album comes in four different versions each displaying a different cover and containing different content: CD only CD+DVD CD+2DVD and CD+goods. Similar to her 2008 album Kingdom each song has a corresponding music video with the exception of the introduction and the interlude.
 Songs and Tunes from The Original Soundtrack of Magical Sentosa (often shortened to Magical Sentosa: The Original Soundtrack or Magical Sentosa soundtrack) is a remix album of the multimedia ECA2 show Le Lac Aux Images; though it actually serves as the main soundtrack to other ECA2 production Magical Sentosa. It is currently not known when it was recorded; many have suggested the soundtrack was probably recorded around 2001 in the studios of ECA2 located in France.
 Emanet (English: On Hold) is the second solo album released in 1997 of the Turkish pop singer İzel. This was also the first album produced by Turkish pop singer Mustafa Sandal.
 Tremolo is an EP by My Bloody Valentine released in February 1991 by Creation Records. The title is a reference to the band's heavy usage of guitar tremolo and vibrato to create blurred dreamlike tones.
 Villa Inferno is the fifth album by the Italian band Zen Circus in collaboration with Brian Ritchie from the American band Violent Femmes released in 2008 by Unhip Records.
 Finally/We Got a Love Thang: Remix Collection is the first limited remix collection by CeCe Peniston issued exclusively in Japan in 1992. The album was compilled of the singer's first two singles as a result of charting both in the Japanese Top 10 at the same time (while song Finally peaked at number two We Got a Love Thang topped at number three eventually).
 Where Death Is Most Alive is a DVD release by Swedish melodic death metal band Dark Tranquillity released on October 26 2009. It was also released in a limited edition two-CD – two-DVD boxset as well as two-CD format. Only the live performance in Milan was released also on the CD version. On the release party of the Where Death Is MostAlive on 30 October 2009 333 copies of a including the first 13 tracks of the second DVD on CD entitled The Dying Fragments was released.
 The Solution is the fourth studio album by rapper Beanie Sigel. It was released on December 11 2007. The album features production from Dre & Vidal Reefa and The Runners among others. Guest appearances include Jay-Z R. Kelly Ozzy Osbourne Ghostface Killah and other notable musicians. the album gained a metacritic score of 72 out of 100 based on 10 reviews.
 Gossamer is the second studio album by American indie pop band Passion Pit released on July 20 2012 by Columbia Records. Recorded in Los Angeles and New York City in 2011 the album was produced by Chris Zane who also produced the band's debut album Manners (2009) and lead singer Michael Angelakos.In an August 2010 interview with the NME Angelakos stated that work had already begun on the follow-up to Manners and that the band intended to release the album in the spring of 2011.
 No More the Fool is an album by Elkie Brooks.Released in late 1986 the album marked the peak of Brooks' career. The lead single and the title track were big comeback hits for her reaching No.5 in January 1987. This album also reached No.5 at the same time while a compilation album The Very Best of Elkie Brooks was at No.10 in the charts. No More the Fool was her first release on the Legend record label and included two more singles that became minor hits.
 Live a double album by Natalie MacMaster was released in 2002 on the Rounder Records label.
 MTV Party To Go volume 4 was the fourth album in the MTV Party To Go series. The album was certified gold on May 25 1994 by the RIAA.
 1941 is a 2001 EP release from Soul-Junk. It was released as part of a 3-inch disc series by Absalom Recordings. Its sound is unusual even for Soul-Junk consisting of purely instrumental electronic music blended with low-fi jazz and hip-hop. It is most similar to their album 1956. The song Rubbernecker is a remix of the song by the Danielson Famile.
 O A e o Z (also known as A e o Z or A e o Z Portuguese: The A and the Z) is an album by Brazilian rock band Os Mutantes. It was their first record without founding member Rita Lee and marked a shift in their sound to progressive rock. Recorded in 1973 but shelved until 1992 this was Arnaldo Baptista's last studio record with the group.
 Red is the unofficial name of an album by Universal Indicator. This album is rumored to be produced solely by Richard D. James although it is possible that it was produced by Mike Dred instead or in cooperation with James. The album was pressed in a limited edition of 1000 12 vinyl copies.
 Delicious is the second EP by Israeli dubstep artist Borgore. It is his third release on his own label Buygore released on June 6 2011 through Beatport. After signing with US heavy metal label Sumerian Records the EP was also released on CD in the US on June 21 2011.
 Tauromachine is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. The titles were inspired by the names of works by Salvador Dalí.
 You've Come This Way Before is a 1968 album by American singer-songwriter Nancy Priddy.
 The History of Otis Redding is the first of numerous compilations of Otis Redding songs featuring hits from 1962 to early 1967. Released one month prior to Redding's death in December 1967 it was the final album (and only compilation album) issued during his lifetime.
 In Your Multitude is the third full-length album by the Norwegian progressive metal/power metal band Conception released in 1995.
 New World Shadows is the fifth full-length studio album of Omnium Gatherum. The album was released in Germany Austria and Switzerland on February 4. 2011 Finland Sweden and Hungary on February 9. the rest of Europe on February 7. and North America on March 1.The album is the band's first to be released via Lifeforce Records.
 Live is a 2001 live album by Texas based Blues Rock band The Fabulous Thunderbirds. Recorded on the evening of February 16 2000 the concert made history somewhat for becoming the first ever to be broadcast over the internet using high-definition cameras. It was also released on DVD titled Invitation Only. Some versions of the album are titled This Night in L.A..
 Surface to Stage is Threshold's fifth Direct-to-Fan release and their fourth live album released on the band's website in 2006. The CD contains a concert recorded at the Z7 in Pratteln Switzerland on their tour for the album Subsurface.The album's title is a double entendre making reference to the song Surface to Air from the 1993 Wounded Land and Subsurface.
 Miles & Monk at Newport was a combined album of a Miles Davis appearance at Newport with an appearance of Thelonious Monk from the LP era. Despite the title the two artists do not perform together on the LP and they are represented on each side by separate live appearances at the Newport Jazz Festival.On the first side of the LP was a series of high tempo performances of bebop tunes and other staples of the Davis live repertoire from 1958.
 Superbeautifulmonster is the fifth studio album by Bif Naked released in 2005. (see 2005 in music).
 For the religious concept see Conceptions of God#EternityEternal God is an album of Christian worship music recorded by Don Moen in 1990. The Contemporary Christian album was recorded live at North Heights Lutheran Church Arden Hills Minnesota and released in 1990 by Integrity Hosanna! Music and Sparrow-Star Song. It peaked at #31 on the Billboard (magazine) charts for Top Contemporary Christian in 1997.
 Saxophone Improvisations Series F is a solo album by American saxophonist and composer Anthony Braxton recorded in 1972 and originally released on the French America label.
 American Idol Season 10 Highlights: Haley Reinhart is an extended play made exclusively for Walmart released by Haley Reinhart an American Idol tenth season finalist composed of her most successful iTunes songs from her time on American Idol plus an additional recording of You Oughta Know. It was released on June 28 2011 through 19 Entertainment and Interscope Records.
 Dawgnation is a 2002 album by American musician David Grisman recorded with his group David Grisman Quintet. It is the first album of new material since the 1995 release Dawganova.
 Dreamies is an experimental music album by Bill Holt released in 1974. It is a collage of songs performed on guitar and synthesizer (a Moog Sonic Six) combined with snippets of found sound. The album consists of two long tracks (originally one on each side of the record) called Program 10 and Program 11 a reference to the Beatles' Revolution #9. Dreamies includes excerpts of radio and television broadcasts as well as samples taken from recordings by the Beatles.
 Oh What a Feeling: A Vital Collection of Canadian Music is a 4-CD box set released in 1996 to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the Juno Awards. A second box set Oh What a Feeling 2 was released in 2001 to mark the awards' 30th anniversary and a third set Oh What a Feeling 3 was released in 2006 for the 35th anniversary. All of the sets feature popular Canadian songs from the 1960s onward. The sets were titled for the song Oh What a Feeling by rock band Crowbar.
 Havoc and Bright Lights is the eighth (and sixth worldwide) studio album by Canadian-American singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette and was released in Japan on August 22 2012. The album is her first release on Collective Sounds (distributed by Sony worldwide except by Universal in Canada [where Morissette was on predecessor MCA in early days] and Japan) and in the US by RED Distribution) and marks her first release away from Maverick Records her label since 1995.
 Step Back to Reality is the first solo EP released by Sterling Beaumon on March 23 2010.
 Manton Street is a compilation EP by pop punk band The Wonder Years. The EP consists of the four bonus tracks from the deluxe version of The Upsides. It was exclusively released on 7 vinyl.It had a limited pressing of 3000 on Brick Red and 500 on Sky Blue however a few of the Brick Red pressings have been known to be a bright orange.
 The Hard Sell (Encore) is an album by DJ Shadow and Cut Chemist. It was released in 2008. The entire mix performed live and recorded during rehearsals for the Hard Sell tour November 2007 at the pink house.
 On the Attack and More is a music album by 20 Fingers. It was released in 1995 in Germany. This album was also released worldwide under the title On the Attack only credited to the vocalist Gillette (who performs vocals on all tracks) and without the track Lick It which features Roula.
 Lickety Split is the fourth studio album by American soul band Robert Randolph and the Family Band. It was released on July 16 2013 under Blue Note Records.
 Snakedrill is an EP by English rock band Wire. It was released in 1986. The album features the return of the band after their five-year hiatus and foreshadows their extensive use of electronic instrumentation on following albums particularly on A Serious of Snakes which contains multiple layered synth and keyboard parts.The most well-known track on the release is Drill which was the first song written by Wire post-hiatus.
 The Hidden Land is the eighth studio album and twelfth album overall released by Béla Fleck and the Flecktones released in 2006. It was recorded before the band's year-long hiatus during 2005 and released afterward. The Hidden Land won the 2007 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Album.
 Classic Fantastic is an album by the Fun Lovin' Criminals released in 2010.
 The Bouncing Souls is the 3rd full-length album and first release on Epitaph Records for the New Jersey punk band The Bouncing Souls. It contains such fan favorites as Kate Is Great and East Coast Fuck You!.
 The 1989 self-titled album Kashif is the fifth studio album from the artist producer and composer Michael Jones also known as Kashif. The album was released in 1989 on Arista Records. The album includes two hit singles Personality and a cover of the 1973 hit Ain't No Woman (Like the One I've Got) by The Four Tops. This was the last studio album from Kashif for Arista Records.
 Fraten is the fourth album by the Finnish experimental rock band Circle. It was released in 1997 by Metamorphos.
 The Ultimate Collection is a Whitney Houston greatest hits collection released on October 29 2007. It was the first time a single CD of Houston's hit singles had been released. It debuted at number five in the UK with sales of 37228. It climbed to number three in its second week on the chart. As of February 2012 the album has sold over one million copies in the United Kingdom. In Brazil the album was released as Whitney Houston – The Best So Far.
 Guilty Pleasures is a 2007 album by the band Lazlo Bane consisting entirely of cover versions of various hits from the 1970s. Unlike the band's previous album Back Sides which was released only digitally through online music stores Guilty Pleasures was released both on CD and digital download formats. It is also the first and only Lazlo Bane album where every member of the band sings lead vocals on at least one song.
 The Aflame EP is an EP by the Dark ambient band Black Tape for a Blue Girl. It was released in 1998 by Projekt Records.
 Just Don't Want Coffee is a 1994 EP by Caedmon's Call.
 Boonoonoonoos is the fifth studio album by Boney M. It was released in September 1981.Despite producer Frank Farian having announced by the end of 1979 that Boney M. were to take a break recording sessions for a new album began in the spring of 1980 and the title Boonoonoonoos (a Caribbean word for Happiness) already appeared as one of the first completed tracks a cover of Larry Dillon's ska-title Train to Skaville which was intertwined with new rap parts That's Boonoonoonoos.
 Sleepy Little Deathtoll Town was the first EP from The Panda Band released in 2005. The name of the title track is a reference to their home town. Sleepy Little Deathtoll Town reached #73 on Triple J's Hottest 100 for 2004 and also won the WAM Song of the Year in 2006 winning 'Pop' category. Then You Appear winning the 'Mixed Bag' category in the same year.
 World Covered In Blood is a 2009 album by the American hard rock band X-Sinner. This is their first album of completely new material under the name X-Sinner since their 1991 album Peace Treaty. The album was originally titled Back in Red.
 Beyond is the eighth full-length album by the German power metal band Freedom Call. It was released on February 21 2014 by SPV.
 Deathsentences of the Polished and Structurally Weak is an album and booklet by Negativland. The band describes the project as a 6 by 12 inch 64-page full-color book which comes with a 45-minute CD soundtrack.
 Grin is a 1971 album by Grin featuring songs by their guitarist Nils Lofgren. As well as being an album in its own right this was released by CBS in the UK as part of a 1976 double album set along with its successor 1+1. In 2005 it was issued on CD in remastered form with the addition of two more tracks from the original sessions.
 'Round the Wheel is the third release by Colorado-based jam band The String Cheese Incident released in 1998. The album features guests Paul McCandless on soprano and tenor saxophone and Tony Furtado on banjo.
 The Best Of Jethro Tull - The Anniversary Collection (1993) is a greatest hits box-set by Jethro Tull. It includes some of the band's biggest hits from 1968 to the 1991.
 The Best of Tracy Lawrence is a compilation album released by country music artist Tracy Lawrence. It is a compilation of songs previously released on his first four studio albums. The track Her Old Stompin' Ground was not previously included on any of his albums.
 Comedown Machine is the fifth studio album by American indie rock band The Strokes which was released on March 26 2013 in the U.S. and on March 25 in the UK. This was the final release in fulfilling the band's contract agreement with longtime label RCA Records.
 The Very Best of Kim Wilde is a compilation album by Kim Wilde. The album was released in November 1984 after she left the RAK Record label. It featured tracks taken from her first three albums the non-album singles Child Come Away and Bitter is Better (Japan only) and a B-side (Boys).
 The Early Tapes of The Beatles is the first digital repackaging of the 1962 German album by Tony Sheridan and The Beatles called My Bonnie. The original repackage was first issued in Germany in 1964 and titled The Beatles' First. It was recorded at Hamburg in 1961. This repackage was released in 1984. Most of the tracks feature vocals by Sheridan.
 Honor a Quien Honor Merece (English 'Honor Whom Honor Deserves) is the 16th studio album by the Mexican pop singer Mijares. This album is a tribute to José José and it was released 2005. It has earned a Gold and Platinum disc.
 Waves is the first compilation album released on the Crydamoure label in 2000. The album was mixed by Le Knight Club a duo consisting of Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo and Eric Chedeville.
 Total: From Joy Division to New Order is a compilation album of material from Joy Division and New Order. It was released in the United Kingdom on 6 June 2011 and is the first album to feature songs from both Joy Division and New Order in one album. It features five Joy Division tracks including Love Will Tear Us Apart and thirteen New Order tracks including a previously unreleased track Hellbent. An online Deluxe version also includes music videos.
 The Hits is a Compilation album by the Canadian rock band April Wine released in 1987.The picture used on this cover is also used on the album covers of First Glance (1978) (American version only) Greatest Hits (1979) and Classic Masters (2002).
 Contact is the third studio album by British indie soul group Noisettes released in the United Kingdom on 26 August 2012 by Mono-ra-rama. The album includes the single That Girl. The album peaked to number 30 on the UK Albums Chart.
 Temper is the second full-length album by Portland-based musician Benoit Pioulard released by Kranky on October 14 2008.
 Take Good Care of My Baby was Bobby Vinton's seventeenth studio album released in 1968. The title track was previously a hit for Bobby Vee. Other cover versions include I Apologize and Serenade of the Bells. The title track is the album's sole single.
 Ready to Fly is an album released by The Verlaines in 1991 by recording label Slash Records.
 March is the debut album of singer-songwriter Michael Penn released in 1989.It featured the singles No Myth This and That and Brave New World. In 1990 No Myth peaked at No.22 on the Billboard Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks chart number five on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart number four on the Modern Rock Tracks chart and No.13 on the Billboard Hot 100. This and That reached No.10 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart.
 Making Love... The Very Best of Air Supply is the second compilation album of Australian soft rock band Air Supply.
 We're Only In It For The Drugs is the title of the Swedish punk band Ebba Grön's debut album first released in 1979.The title is a play on the 1968 Frank Zappa album We're Only in It for the Money.
 Daddy's Little Girl is the only album released by rapper Nikki D. It was released on September 3 1991 through Def Jam Recordings and featured production from S.I.D. Prince Paul Sam Server and The Bomb Squad's Eric Sadler. The album reached No. 54 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums; the eponymous lead single reached No. 10 on the Hot Dance Singles Sales and No. 1 on the Hot Rap Singles. The album is notable for being Def Jam's first rap album released by a female.
 The Remixes is an EP by British post-punk revival band White Lies released on 17 April 2010 through Fiction Records. The EP was released as part of the 2010 Record Store Day and limited to 500 copies.It consists of previously unavailable on CD remixes of songs taken from the band's debut studio album To Lose My Life...
 Down South is the title of a recording by American folk music artists Doc Watson and Merle Watson released in 1984.It has been reissued on CD by Rykodisc and Sugar Hill.
 Drown in Darkness – The Early Demos is a compilation album featuring the music of Paradise Lost from their demos made in 1988 and 1989. Tracks one through three is taken from the band's 1988 demo Paradise Lost; tracks four through six is taken from the band's 1989 demo Frozen Illusion; tracks seven through twelve is taken from the band's other 1989 demo Plains of Desolation.
 The Journey to Miracle River is the third studio album by singer Amy Holland who was now in her 50s the time this album was released. This is her first studio album in 25 years but she did record songs in between the years 1983-2008 such as songs for film soundtracks and other collaborations. This album was released under the Chonin Records label with Bernie Chiaravalle being the producer for the album.
 i is an album by Japanese singer/pianist Misako Odani released December 3 1997 on the Universal Victor label. It was produced by Jun Sato who also wrote the scores for all the music except for track 4 which was co-written by Misako.
 Notorious is the second studio album released by the country music band Confederate Railroad. It was released in 1994 by Atlantic Records Nashville. It peaked at #6 on the US country albums chart and #13 on the Canadian country albums chart and was certified platinum by the RIAA.
 Anshur-Za is the fifth full-length studio album by Polish death metal band Thy Disease. The album was released in 2009 by Mystic Production.
 Jade is the third album by the German gothic metal band Flowing Tears. It is their first album after changing their name from Flowing Tears & Withered Flowers. The track Wild Horses is mistakenly listed as White Horses on the album.
 This is Hawkwind Do Not Panic is a 1984 live album by the English space rock group Hawkwind. The album consisted of two discs: an LP which was recorded during the group's 1980 Levitation tour; and a 12 EP recorded on at their June 1984 appearance at the Stonehenge Free Festival.The group's line-up had changed by this point with guitarists Dave Brock and Huw Lloyd-Langton and saxophonist Nik Turner remaining and Harvey Bainbridge switching from bass to keyboards.
 Carnival Boy is debut album solo by Guided by Voices member Tobin Sprout released in 1996.
 As Kanoume Apopse Mian Arhi is the title of the debut studio album by singer Anna Vissi released in Greece and Cyprus by Minos in 1977.
 André Previn Plays Songs by Harold Arlen is a piano solo jazz album by André Previn. It was meant to be a homage to famous composer Harold Arlen. It was released in 1960 under	Contemporary Records as M 3586.
 Expect A Miracle is a compilation album released by Orange Music containing all of the songs from Brian Kelly's previously released Pools of Light album plus two previously unreleased bonus tracks April Sky and Tracing Rainbows. It is distributed throughout Singapore Hong Kong Malaysia Taiwan Thailand and Indonesia.
 Tally of the Yes Men is the debut album released by the indie rock band Goldspot.
 Released in late 1971 (A Ballad of) A Peaceful Man was Gravy Train's second - and probably their most praised - album. Unlike their heavier debut this album sports some lovely string arrangements provided by Nick Harrison.A unique feature of the album is that it splits the heavy tracks from the lighter tracks: all the ballads are on side 1 while all the rockers are on side 2.
 Ministry of Love is the second studio album by American indie rock band Io Echo. It was released in April 2013 under Iamsound Records.
 Far Off Grace is the third full-length album by the German progressive metal band Vanden Plas. It was later re-released in 2004 as a special edition with two bonus track and multimedia material.
 Easy Walker is an album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine recorded for the Blue Note label in 1966 and performed by Turrentine with McCoy Tyner Bob Cranshaw and Mickey Roker. One additional track featuring an expanded line-up arranged by Duke Pearson was added to the original CD release and another four bonus tracks recorded in 1969 and originally released on Ain't No Way (LT 1095 1980) were added to the 1997 CD reissue.
 Christmas at the White House is a 1972 album with a lengthy subtitle: Burl Ives Sings the Favorite Carols and Hymns of America's Presidents. It purports to be a collection of thirteen presidents' favorite Christmas songs. It has not yet been released on CD.Some of the selections were apparently based on speculation. For example John Adams may have favored the rendition of Joy to the World by American composer William Billings because the Adamses attended Billings's church in Boston.
 Kill Kill is the first extended play (EP) by American singer-songwriter Lana Del Rey. It was released on October 21 2008 in the United States through 5 Points Records under Del Rey's then stage name Lizzy Grant. The three songs on the EP would later be included on the 2010 album Lana Del Ray. Yayo would later be re-recorded and released a third time on the Paradise Edition of Del Rey's 2012 album Born to Die. Kill Kill was the EP's only single.
 Dogma is a 12 EP by New Zealand band Tall Dwarfs released in 1987.
 Everything I Love is the fifth studio album by Canadian country music artist Jason Blaine. It was released on July 9 2013 via E1 Entertainment. It includes the singles Rock It Country Girl Feels Like That and Friends of Mine.
 Leveler is the fourth studio album by American metalcore band August Burns Red released on June 21 2011 through Solid State Records.
 Tangled Up is the fourth studio album by British girl group Girls Aloud released on 16 November 2007 through Fascination Records. The album was produced by Brian Higgins and production team Xenomania and recorded over six months. According to the group the production and songwriting began with each member meeting with Higgins to discuss what had happened with them since the release of Chemistry (2005).
 Juste Une Ligne Bleue is a the second Studio solo album by Christian Décamps the leader of the French progressive rock band Ange. It was originally released in 1990.
 Direct Action: Day 21 is an album by punk band Sham 69 released in 2001 (see 2001 in music).
 Sugar is an album by jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine his first recorded for the CTI Records label following his long association with Blue Note featuring performances by Turrentine with Freddie Hubbard George Benson Ron Carter and Billy Kaye with Lonnie Liston Smith added on the title track and Butch Cornell and Richard Pablo Landrum on the other two tracks on the original release. The CD rerelease added a live version of the title track recorded at the Hollywood Palladium in 1971.
 Primitive Origins an EP by Prong features songs like In My Veins which was later re-recorded during a session with John Peel (BBC). All songs were written by Tommy Victor and Michael Kirkland. Though many sources list Primitive Origins as an album Prong themselves have stated on many occasions that this is actually an EP and consider Force Fed their first proper album.
 Best of Sweetbox 1995-2005 (also titled The Greatest Hits) is a compilation album of Sweetbox with Jade Villalon as frontwoman. It was released in 2005 in three different editions. It contains the previously unreleased tracks Crown of Thorns and Don't Wanna Kill You along with several remixes demo versions new versions of songs and Jade's brand-new changed-lyric version of Everything's Gonna Be Alright which was a song made famous by Sweetbox' previous vocalist Tina Harris.
 Dread Locks Dread (1975) is the third album by the Jamaican deejay Big Youth.
 Ubuntu EP is the fourth studio EP by the Welsh alternative band Clockwork Radio (band). Produced by the band the album was released on May 14 2012 through the band's own label Poly Tune.
 High Maintenance is the second extended play (EP) by American actress and pop singer Miranda Cosgrove released by Columbia Records and Epic Records on March 17 2011. The EP was preceded by its lead single Dancing Crazy which was co-written by Canadian pop punk singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne with Max Martin and Shellback who produced it. The single became her first to chart on the Top Heatseekers chart peaking at number 21.
 This article describes the 18th album in the Canadian Now! series. It should not be confused with identically-numbered albums from other Now! series. For more information see Now That's What I Call Music! 18 and Now That's What I Call Music! discographyNow! 18 is a music compilation album that was released on 16 August 2011. The album is the 18th edition of the Canadian Now! series.
 Elektrozorn Vol. 1 is a 2014 promo Industrial/EBM compilation album of exclusive and never-released before music by various artists special for Russian subcultural Bunker magazine.
 The Proximity Effect is the second album by alternative rock band Nada Surf. It was released on MarDev in 1998.
 Buffalo is the eponymous EP for Australian proto-heavy metal band Buffalo originally released in 1974 on the Vertigo label. It was essentially a compilation of tracks from previous singles releases by the band. The EP has never been reissued after its original pressing and is now considered a rare collectable. However tracks from the EP have surfaced on the remastered and reissued versions of Buffalo's studio albums on the Aztec Music label.
 Düsseldorf is a 1996 album by the German band La! Neu? recorded in the year following the band's formation in summer 1995. The album features several members of the Düsseldorf band Kreidler and was recorded primarily in the city after which it is named. It was released during a period of intense musical activity for Klaus Dinger who had just signed to the Japanese record label Captain Trip Records which he used to market two previously unreleased Neu! albums.
 Gordian Knot was the debut album of Sean Malone's progressive rock project of the same name.
 Ballads by Cobb is an album by saxophonist Arnett Cobb recorded in 1960 for the Moodville label.
 Freigeweht is an album by German keyboardist and composer Rainer Brüninghaus recorded in 1980 and released on the ECM label.
 iTunes Live from SoHo is a live EP by the Goo Goo Dolls released digitally by iTunes on July 19 2011 (see 2011 in music).
 Xtended Play is Frank-n-Dank's first commercial release. Guest appearances include Brick & Lace Kardinal Offishall Saukrates and Lindo P. The album contains productions from Oh No The 2 Swift Household Kardinal Offishall DJ Kemo Buddah Brothas Tone Mason Saukrates P. Cauz and J Dilla.
 Grrr... is the third full length album by the indie rock group Bishop Allen. It was released on March 10 2009. It is the follow-up to their 2007 album The Broken String.
 Creeping in My Soul is an EP by Danish rock band Cryoshell released January 5 2010 by Voices Music & Entertainment. Produced by Jacob Hansen the EP was recorded between 2008 and 2009 at Hansen Studios in Ribe Denmark.Creeping in My Soul was released as a teaser to Cryoshell's self-titled debut album as the band continued production on it. All five songs featured also appear on the debut.
 No Culpes a La Noche - The Club Remixes is a remix album from Mexican singer Luis Miguel. The album made its debut on number 16 to later climb up to number 3 in the Top 100 Mexican Charts. Luis Miguel's latest work has been certified gold and platinum for shipments of over 120000 copies. On States side the album charted for a week at #180 on the Billboard 200 and peaked at number 4 in the Billboard Latin Albums Charts.
 Mount Wittenberg Orca is a 2010 EP by Dirty Projectors and Björk released on 30 June 2010 in digital-only format and released on CD and Vinyl by Domino Records on 24 October 2011. News of the album was announced on Björk's official website on 26 June 2010 four days before its release.
 Magnification is the nineteenth studio album by English progressive rock band Yes released in 2001.
 Welcome is the debut studio album by Swiss recording artist Patrick Nuo. It was released by Warner Music on September 4 2003 in German-speaking Europe and reached the top twenty of the German and Swiss Albums Charts.
 Thousands of Evils is the second EP by heavy metal band Vildhjarta. The album was released digitally in Europe on September 30 2013 and worldwide in digital form and on a limited 1000 copy 12 vinyl press on 29 October 2013. The EP was made available on Spotify on October 3 2013.
 No Heroes is the sixth album by Converge. The album was released on October 24 2006 on Epitaph Records. By January 11 2007 it had sold 17000 copies in the U.S.[citation needed] It peaked at number 151 in the Billboard 200. It topped the Top Heatseekers chart and reached number 13 in the Independent Albums listings. It was named the number 1 album of 2006 in Sputnikmusic's staff Best of 2006 list.
 Form and Meaning Reach Ultimate Communion is a 1986 EP by the anonymous Australian band TISM. It was only ever released as a 12 vinyl record and is very hard to find today. The material was rereleased in 1991 on the album Gentlemen Start Your Egos.The first pressings had a blue cover and a poster featuring Jimi Hendrix in a KKK uniform and an excerpt from the then-fictional TISM Guide to Little Aesthetics two more of which were featured on the gatefold.
 Halos for Heros Dirt for the Dead is the debut EP by A Day to Remember.
 Closer to You is the debut album of Carried Away.
 Pram Town is the third studio album by British singer-songwriter Darren Hayman and his second with his backing band the Secondary Modern. It was released by the Track & Field Organisation on 26 January 2009. It is the first part of his Essex Trilogy.
 Aphrica is a collaboration album by Klaus Schulze Rainer Bloss and Ernst Fuchs with the painter Fuchs providing vocals. Aphrica was both released and withdrawn in 1984. Although the reason why the album was taken off the market was mainly legal (the label Inteam had forgotten to make a contract with Fuchs ) Schulze had very little positive to say about the collaboration in retrospect: Besides it's an awful album just because of that silly singing or recitation.
 Battle Hymns MMXI is the eleventh studio album released by the American heavy metal band Manowar in November 2010. It's a re-recording of their debut album Battle Hymns from 1982. It features the British actor Sir Christopher Lee as narrator and the original Manowar drummer Donnie Hamzik. The songs had little changes from the originals except that they are louder and stronger.
 Monolithic Baby! is the sixth studio album by Monster Magnet released in 2004. It is a follow up to 2000's God Says No. It would also be the first album featuring bassist Jim Baglino. Bob Pantella was hired to fill the band's drum position after the album's recording; the drums on the album were performed by Michael Wildwood. The album features three cover songs - There's No Way Out of Here by Ken Baker.
 Lulu's Album (US title It's Lulu) is an album by British pop singer Lulu released in 1969. Despite promotion from her TV show Lulu Comes to Town and recently winning the Eurovision Song Contest (although the winning song was not included) this album failed to chart. It was her last album with producer Mickie Most who had guided her career successfully through the late 1960s.
 Edward the Great is Iron Maiden's third best-of album originally released on 5 November 2002.
 Get Into You is the second album by Australian pop singer Dannii Minogue. It was released by MCA Records on 4 October 1993 in the United Kingdom.The track Hold On was supposed to close the album as track 14 but was scrapped at the last minute. In 2009 it saw a release along with two other unreleased tracks on the album's Deluxe Edition.
 Made in Germany was the first live album released by German heavy metal guitarist Axel Rudi Pell. The album has 1CD and was recorded over 2 days. The first day was in Hamburg Germany on 4 February 1995 and the second was in The Zeche in Pell's home town of Bochum Germany on 5 February 1995.
 Make a Star is the second EP album by Italian industrial rock band Dope Stars Inc.. It was released on August 4 2006. Following suit of their previous albums the EP was released under the Trisol Music Group label as well as being distributed by Metropolis Records in North America and Canada with other labels distributing in other countries. Thomas Rainer who produced their last album returned to produce along with Bernd Mazzagg and Markus Jäger.
 Recover EP is the first EP by Scottish electronic band Chvrches.It was released on 25 March 2013 in the UK via Goodbye/Virgin Records and 26 March 2013 in the US via Glassnote Records. The song Recover was issued as the second single from their debut studio album The Bones of What You Believe and it reached number 91 in the UK Singles Chart. This single was also promoted by a music video.Recover EP was released as MP3 download and as a limited edition 12 vinyl for Record Store Day 2013.
 Blue is the second album by Third Eye Blind written and recorded in 1999 and released on November 23 1999. It is a moodier darker album than the band's first though the second single was the radio-friendly Never Let You Go. The album debuted at #40 on the Billboard 200 selling about 75000 copies in its first week of release.
 The Complete RCA Victor Recordings is a 1995 compilation 2-CD set of sessions led by jazz trumpeter and composer Dizzy Gillespie recorded for the RCA Victor label between 1937 and 1949.
 Four on the Floor is an album by Dag Nasty released in 1992 through Epitaph Records. Four on the Floor was a one-shot reunion record recorded while the band members were on vacation in Los Angeles in the summer of 1991. Guitar tracks are credited to Dale Nixon or Brian Baker. Baker could not use his real name because he was under contract with the blues/metal band Junkyard at the time.
 A Street Called Straight is a 1976 album by Roy Buchanan and was released on the Atlantic Records label. The album contains the powerful instrumental My Friend Jeff in honour of British guitarist Jeff Beck. Later the same year Beck released his own album Blow by Blow featuring 'Cause We've Ended As Lovers which in turn was dedicated to Roy Buchanan.
 As Friends Rust is the second release of the album originally titled God Hour by As Friends Rust and was released by Doghouse Records. Doghouse first announced the release as a 4 song EP due out on June 15 1999. It was delayed and released as a MCD/8 vinyl in late summer baring one more song. It was initially released on the following Doghouse release.
 Billboard Top Country Hits: 1959 is a compilation album released by Rhino Records in 1990 featuring 10 hit country music recordings from 1959. It is the first of 15 albums (to date) Rhino has released chronicling the top country songs of a given year a series that spans the years 1959-1968 and 1986-1990.Seven of the tracks included on this album reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot C&W Sides chart during 1959. Included in the track lineup is the year's No.
 Blue in the Face is the second and final doubleDrive album released in 2003. It sold 27000 units in the US according to Soundscan. The album reached No. 43 on Top Heatseekers and the single taken from the album entitled Imprint reached No. 22 on Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks on Billboard charts.
 Live at Delamere Forest is a live album by the British band The Charlatans (known in the United States as The Charlatans UK) it is a limited edition released over five parts as a download only album via the bands official website. The first part was released on 31 July 2007 each successive part was released at weekly intervals when the previous part was then deleted so making only two parts available at any one time.
 Nat King Cole Sings for Two In Love is a 1955 album by Nat King Cole arranged by Nelson Riddle.
 Small Soldiers (Music from the Motion Picture) and Small Soldiers (Original Motion Picture Score) are the soundtrack and score to the 1998 Joe Dante film Small Soldiers.
 At Short Notice... Live in Germany is the first live album by the Power metal band Narnia.
 Satellite Rides is the fifth studio album by American country/rock band Old 97's first released in the second quarter of 2001 (see 2001 in music).
 february & heavenly is Tomoko Kawase's sixth solo studio album her first under the Warner Music Japan record label. Released February 29 2012 the album is a double album featuring Kawase as both the february6 and heavenly6 personas. The album is Tommy february6's third studio album and heavenly6's fourth. february & heavenly debuted at #7 on the Oricon albums chart.
 Under the Covers Vol. 3 is the third collaboration between alternative rock artist Matthew Sweet and Bangles singer Susanna Hoffs. Released by Shout! Factory on November 12 2013 it contains 14 cover versions of favorite songs of the 80s.
 Calling from the Stars is the third solo studio album by French DJ Miss Kittin. It was released on 22 April 2013 by Nobody's Bizzness.
 Monsters in Love is the fifth studio album by the French rock band Dionysos released 29 August 2005 and produced by John Parish. The album features songs in both English and French.
 The Occasionals is the debut solo album by Canadian singer-songwriter Jim Bryson released in 2000.
 2001: A Space Odyssey is a soundtrack album to the film of the same name released in 1968. The soundtrack is known for its use of many classical and orchestral pieces and credited for giving many classical pieces resurgences in popularity such as Johann Strauss II's 1866 Blue Danube Waltz Richard Strauss' symphonic poem Also sprach Zarathustra (inspired by the writings of Friedrich Nietzsche) and György Ligeti's Atmosphères.
 Greatest Hits – Chapter One (stylized as Greatest Hits • Chapter One) is the first greatest hits album by American pop-rock recording artist Kelly Clarkson released on November 16 2012 by RCA Records. It contains material from Clarkson's first five studio albums: Thankful (2003) Breakaway (2004) My December (2007) All I Ever Wanted (2009) and Stronger (2011).
 Peace thru Vandalism/When in Rome Do as the Vandals is a compilation album by the southern California punk rock band The Vandals. It was originally released in 1989 by Restless Records (and later reissued Time Bomb Recordings a record label founded by Social Distortion frontman Mike Ness). It is a CD re-release of the band's first EP Peace thru Vandalism and first LP When in Rome Do as the Vandals containing all of the tracks from both releases.
 Mother's Choice is the fourth album for Australian proto-Heavy Metal band Buffalo recorded during 1975 and 1976 and originally released in 1976 by Vertigo Records. After the dismissal of founding guitarist John Baxter at the end of 1974 the band underwent both a major line up change and a shift towards more commercially oriented hard rock in a desperate bid to attain greater radio airplay (which had eluded them up to this point) and mainstream acceptance.
 Imaad Wasif is the first solo album by the Los Angeles-based songwriter Imaad Wasif released in 2006. The album was recorded in Nashville taking only a week and a day and was produced by Mark Nevers. Wasif toured in support of the album as the opening act for the Yeah Yeah Yeahs in 2006 and 2007.
 The Search in an album by the band Son Volt. It was released March 6 2007 [1].
 The Pinwheel Galaxy (2002) is the third album from John & Mary.
 Made is the sixth studio album and eighth album in total for Christian rock band Hawk Nelson which was produced by Seth Mosley and Jonathan Steingard that was released on April 2 2013 on the Fair Trade Services record label. This was the first album the band has made while on that respective label and the first album that the band has made since the departure of lead vocalist Jason Dunn. The lead vocalist for the band now is guitarist Steingard.
 Kudos to You! is the sixth studio album by The Presidents of the United States of America. It was released on February 14 2014.The album was announced on November 22 2013. It started as a project through the direct-to-fan platform PledgeMusic where fans would be able to pledge money on the future album and other rarities such as lyric sheets and other items.
 Execution is the first full-length album by Tribuzy.
 Young Buckethead Vol. 1 is the second DVD made by the guitarist Buckethead released in 2006 by Jas Obrecht's label Avabella.The material from this DVD was cut in half making 2 volumes of the DVD Vol. 1 consists of a recompilation of concerts made by Buckethead and the band Deli Creeps in which Buckethead is part of just as Buckethead and the Deli Creeps were beginning to play outside of their southern California hometown.Vol.
 Different Worlds: The Definitive Vandenberg is a 2004 best of compilation album by the Dutch band Vandenberg on the Atco Records label. The first disc features all of the band's singles to date as well as one new track; a re-recorded version of their biggest hit Burning Heart entitled Burning Heart 2004. The second disc is a collection of previously unreleased material including live tracks demos and an acoustic version of Burning Heart.
 Генератор Зла (Generator of Evil) is an album by Aria.
 Friends is a project Elton John and Bernie Taupin took on before their breakout success in the US based on the film released in the same year. It was certified gold in April 1971 by the RIAA. It became John's third gold record in as many months in that market (following the albums Elton John in February and Tumbleweed Connection in March).
 The Planet Is Alive...Let it Live! is a 1984 studio album by Sarah Vaughan of the poetry of Pope John Paul II translated by Gene Lees.In 1995 the album was reissued on CD as The Mystery of Man.
 Signs of Chaos: The Best of Testament is a compilation album by Testament released in 1997.
 Take Care is the second studio album by Canadian recording artist Drake released November 15 2011 on Young Money Entertainment and Cash Money Records. It is the follow-up to his 2010 debut album Thank Me Later. Production for the album took place during 2010 to 2011 and was handled by Noah 40 Shebib Boi-1da T-Minus Just Blaze The Weeknd and Jamie xx among others.
 Transmissions on the Teen-C Tip! was the first release for Bis. It was a 7 inch record released on Spain's Acurela Records.
 The New Folk Implosion is the fourth album released by indie rock band Folk Implosion. Released on March 4 2003 it was the first album by Folk Implosion without co-founder and writing partner John Davis.
 Live at Charlotte's Web is a live album by American folk and blues guitarist Peter Lang released in 2007.This 2-CD 1-DVD package was recorded live at the club Charlotte's Web in Rockford Illinois.
 Derty Werk is the debut album by American rap supergroup T.W.D.Y. It was released April 20 1999 on Thump Records. It peaked at number 41 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 135 on the Billboard 200. One single Players Holiday peaked at number 5 on the Billboard Rap Songs and performed well on several other charts as well. The album was produced entirely by Ant Banks and features guest performances by Spice 1 CJ Mac B-Legit Keak da Sneak Agerman and Mac Shawn.
 Love & Emotion was the third album from the king of freestyle Stevie B. It was released in 1990 on RCA Records (see 1990 in music). It produced the smash hit Because I Love You (The Postman Song) which became his first and to date only #1 hit on the pop charts.
 Get Awkward is the second and final album by Be Your Own Pet. It was released on March 18 2008. Rolling Stone listed the album as the 45th best of 2008.
 Acrobatic Tenement is the debut studio album by American post-hardcore band At the Drive-In released on August 18 1996 on Flipside. The album along with In/Casino/Out and Relationship of Command was reissued by Fearless Records in 2004 and was re-released again in 2013.Only one of the album's tracks made it to the 2005 compilation album This Station Is Non-Operational with Initiation appearing as a live BBC recording.
 Acid Mother's Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. is a cassette by Acid Mother's Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O. released in 1996 by the band's own label in a limited edition of only 10 copies which were sold at a show where band leader Kawabata Makoto played. The band name was written with an apostrophe on this cassette but this was later changed.
 Falcon Ridge Folk Festival Hillsdale NY - July 21st 2006 is a live recording of Gandalf Murphy and the Slambovian Circus of Dreams' mainstage set at the 2006 Falcon Ridge Folk Festival. This is single disc which contains the full set both songs and introductions.This is a Bootleg Series album which is generally only available for sale at live shows.
 Red Resistor is the third album by Von LMO released in 1996 through Variant Records.
 Paperdoll is the first EP by Kittie a Canadian heavy metal all-women band from London Ontario. It was released in 2000. The EP peaked at #22 on the US's 'Billboard Top Independent Albums' chart selling around 100000 units.
 Ruatokansan Uamunkoetto (Dawn of the Dead) is the second album by the Savo band Verjnuarmu.
 Mollyfied is a 1996 album by Molly. The participants were Alf (song) Harald (song mandolin) Elä (bass) Steffe (guitar) Björn (drums) Totte (banjo) Karin (accordion) Majje (whistle) Viktor (trombone) Rikard (trumpet) and Martin (saxophone).
 Heresy and the Hotel Choir is an album by the indie pop band Maritime. It is the band's third full-length album and was released on October 16 2007.
 My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is the fifth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Kanye West released on November 22 2010 through Roc-A-Fella Records. Following a hiatus from his music career West worked on it through a communal development that involved him and other musicians and producers contributing collectively to its music. Recording sessions took place primarily at Avex Recording Studio in Honolulu Hawaii during 2009 to 2010.
 The Second Coming is the second album by R&B singer TQ released on May 20 2000 in the United Kingdom; plans for a United States release were cancelled.Mistakes on the album are shown through the different country releases: the song One Day is listed as featuring Bone Thugs-n-Harmony member Layzie Bone—whose name is incorrectly spelled Lazy Bone—in the Europe-only official releases; however the track in question actually features West Coast rapper E-40 instead.
 Midnight Drive is an album by Australian musician Tommy Emmanuel. This release is called Can't Get Enough on its original release in Australia. The Australian version contains an extra track How Many Sleeps.
 Leçons de Ténèbres is the debut album of the neoclassical band Elend. It was the first in the Officium Tenebrarum trilogy.The lyrics to four songs (Chanting Into Bottomless Perdition Lucifer and The Emperor) are texts adapted from John Milton's Paradise Lost.
 It Overtakes Me (extended title: It Overtakes Me / The Stars Are So Big... I Am So Small... Do I Stand a Chance?) is a song by The Flaming Lips and the title track of a four-track EP of the same name released on November 13 2006.The EP contains a shorter version of the song featured on At War with the Mystics. However the Stars Are So Big... segment was omitted for more accessible listening.
 Tree63 is Tree63's third album.
 Pearly Gates is Jughead's Revenge's sixth and most recent studio album released in 1999. This album was a good bye letter to friends and fans in hopes of going into a hiatus after years of touring and recording. Following the release of the album a lawsuit with Archie Comics was filed leaving the band to change their name to Jugg's Revenge but resulting in their indefinite hiatus in 2001.
 Only Road Home is an album by the American musical artist Ronnie Penque. Penque is best known as the bassist and singer for the New Riders of the Purple Sage. Only Road Home is Penque's first solo album. It was released on November 2 2010 on the Bayland Records label. The album features 11 songs written and produced by Penque.In early 2011 Only Road Home made it to the top of the college radio charts in the Jam Band category.
 Avalanche is the third studio album by the Australian indie rock band British India released through Shock Records on 30 April 2010.Four bootleg live studio demos were released for sale in a package with the album at JB Hi-Fi. The album debuted at number 10 on the ARIA charts.
 El Corazón (English: The Heart) is the seventh album by country rock underground icon Steve Earle released in 1997 (see 1997 in music).
 Answer to the Master (1994) is the third full-length studio album by Impellitteri.
 The Fray: Live from SoHo is an iTunes-exclusive album by Denver-based piano rock band The Fray. Released on April 7 2009 it is the band's third live session and was recorded in SoHo on February 3 2009. There was a special pass version made for the album making The Fray the second artist in history to join iTunes Music Pass. The pass version included a cover of Kanye West's song Heartless and a music video for Never Say Never.
 Out of Control is a comprehensive double-disc set containing 34 songs from all stages of Ted Nugent's career including tracks from his previous group The Amboy Dukes.
 Kung Fu Palace is the first album released by Diego's Umbrella.
 La Tournée des grands espaces (The wide spaces tour) is the fourth live album by Alain Bashung issued in 2004 on Barclay Records. It documents the 2003-2004 tour which followed the album L'Imprudence.
 The Friday Night Rock Show Sessions/Live at Reading is a live album by the heavy metal band Diamond Head released in 1992 as part of an official series of similar radio-archive releases by several bands (see Raw Fruit Records). The tracks had been recorded by BBC Radio and featured on the Friday Rock Show hosted by Tommy Vance.The first two tracks come from a session recording in 1980.
 Surfing In Siberia is a 1997 album by the Red Elvises.
 Out of the Afternoon is an album by jazz drummer Roy Haynes released in 1962 on Impulse! Records.
 Controcultura is the sixth solo album by Italian rapper Fabri Fibra.
 Strange Alliance is the debut album by Tommy Keene and was self-released on LP in 1982 on his Avenue Records label (catalog #AVE 001). Initially slated for release on Skip Groff's Limp Records it still carries the Limp catalog number (LIMP 1010) in the run-out groove of the vinyl. This album has never been reissued on any other format. Keene's band line-up would remain the same until he moved to Los Angeles following the release of his major label debut in 1986.
 Enamorada (In love) is the 8th album by Mexican iconic pop singer Lucía Méndez. The album was released in 1983 and helped her to consolidate herself in Latin America with themes such as Enamorada Amor Volcánico Mi Amor Amor Margarita and Corazón de Fresa.
 Eda Wobu is an album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Paris in 1969 and first released in 1991 by the Italian JMY label. It features performances by Lester Bowie Joseph Jarman Roscoe Mitchell and Malachi Favors Maghostut.
 Club Daze Volume II: Live in the Bars is an album by Twisted Sister.
 Real is the second full-length solo album by Christian rock singer and Stryper frontman Michael Sweet released in 1995 by Benson Music Group.The album features a softer mellower sound than the previous album. There's also an acoustic version of Stryper's hit Always There for You.
 Windward Passages (Black Saint) is a studio album released by jazz pianist Dave Burrell and saxophonist David Murray. It was recorded in 1993 and released later that year on December 3 on the Italian Black Saint label. The album is an update/sequel to Burrell's 1979 album Windward Passages.The album also features Burrell's wife Monika Larsson on the track Cela Me Va performing a spoken word reading. However Murray's playing ends up drowning her out to an extent.
 Neon Christ 7 also known as Parental Suppression is the first album released by the American punk rock band Neon Christ. This album is very rare as only 1000 copies are said to have been pressed.
 Chocolate Factory is the fifth studio album by American R&B recording artist R. Kelly released on February 17 2003 by Jive Records. Recording sessions for the album took place mainly at Rockland Studios and Chicago Recording Company in Chicago. It was primarily written arranged and produced by R. Kelly. Chocolate Factory was conceived by Kelly amid controversy over his sex scandal at the time.
 Don't Laugh Now was Ray Stevens' nineteenth studio album and his third and final for RCA Records released in 1982. The front of the album cover shows Stevens looking pensive and holding a comedy mask while the back cover shows Stevens smiling and holding a tragedy mask. Two singles were lifted from the album: Written Down in My Heart and Where the Sun Don't Shine both of which became minor country hits.
 Gone II - But Never Too Gone is the second album by the instrumental band Gone. During that period the SST Record label Greg Ginn was facing some serious debts and other problems; such as fans not being interested in non-punk bands that he was signing.This would be the last album from the band thanks to bandleader Greg Ginn's fingers being broken from a basketball accident.
 Souls of Damnation is the fifth full-length studio album by Norwegian death metal band Blood Red Throne. The album was released in 2009 by Earache Records.
 Now (1982) is the debut album by American ambient musician Steve Roach. During the time that this album was recorded Roach performed frequent live concerts. Often immediately after these performances he would return to his home studio to record his newly inspired material.
 Everything I Long For is the debut album by Canadian singer-songwriter Hayden. It was initially released in Canada on Hardwood Records. It was later re-released in 1996 (with slightly modified cover art) on Sonic Unyon and internationally on Outpost Recordings/Geffen Records. A 12 vinyl version was also released in 1996 on Hardwood/Genius Records.The song Assignment in Space with Rip Foster is an alternative title to the children's novel Rip Foster Rides the Gray Planet by Harold L.
 Saint Aime is an album by Global Goon. It was released in 2008 and continues to follow the acid house style similar to that of his past few releases different from his usual downtempo style. It was only released on vinyl no official CD release is available.
 World Dirtnap is an EP by the Norwegian black metal band Orcustus. It was released the same year as their debut the self-released Demo 2002 and contains the first two tracks of that demo. The EP was released on 7 vinyl only in late 2003 limited to 1100 copies - 800 copies on black vinyl and 300 copies on red vinyl. It was released by the US record label Southern Lord and marked the band's first release on this label.
 Alive 2 is the third full-length live album and second full-length live DVD from the band Anthrax. It features the reunion of their lineup from the Among the Living era including then-former vocalist Joey Belladonna and former guitarist Dan Spitz.
 Soul Grabber is an album by saxophonist Willis Jackson which was recorded in 1967 and released on the Prestige label.
 Warhorse is the debut album by English hard rock band Warhorse. The album was re-released on vinyl in 1984 under the name Vulture Blood.
 Swindoe is the self-titled album by American rapper SwinDoe. It is also his first studio album. It was released independently on February 8 2010.
 Knight Mare is the third EP by the band 12012 released on November 3 2004 being the second release of a three-month release campaign.
 The Northern Religion of Things is a live solo recording of previous Nosound material by Giancarlo Erra. The tracks were various loops and midi tracks that were pre-recorded and triggered. Giancarlo played acoustic guitar and keyboards while triggering the various tracks. It was released as both a normal and special edition release. The special edition also included an album sticker 4 buttons/pins. as well as an extended edition of the liner notes with special photography.
 In the Spotlight is the fifteenth studio album by the American singer-songwriter and bass guitar player Suzi Quatro.Mike Chapman her original producer and composer of most of her hits approached Quatro with plans to take her back to her roots. They made this album which is a modern take on Quatro's original attitude and shows the influence she has had on modern female artists.
 Shit Out Of Luck is an album released in 1996 by the punk rock band The Lillingtons
 Dionysos is the second album by the Polish symphonic black metal band Lux Occulta (Latin for Hidden Light). The 2002 re-release of the album by Metal Mind includes the band's demo The Forgotten Arts which can also be found on the band's Maior Arcana compilation in its entirety as bonus material. Unlike the version on Maior Arcana the version appended to this album retains the same running order as on the original release.
 Cosi Fan Tutti Frutti is a 1985 album by the British New Wave group Squeeze. It is the band's sixth album and the first recorded since their breakup in 1982. It reunited songwriters Glenn Tilbrook and Chris Difford with drummer Gilson Lavis and keyboardist Jools Holland (now credited as Julian). Keith Wilkinson who played bass on the 1984 Difford & Tilbrook album joined Squeeze for the first time.
 White Rabbit is the second and final studio album by the rock music group Egypt Central released on May 31 2011. The first single is White Rabbit and was released to radio stations on February 15 2011 and made available on iTunes on March 1 2011. A 30-second preview of the album was posted on the official Egypt Central YouTube channel. The album was certified gold in Canada and platinum in the U.S.
 Despicable Me: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack was soundtrack to the film of the same name and it was released on July 6 2010. It features new songs from the film written performed produced and/or composed by Pharrell Williams and performances by Destinee & Paris The Sylvers Robin Thicke The Bee Gees and David Bisbal.
 The Best of Bobby Vinton is a 12-track collection of previously recorded songs by Bobby Vinton; it was released in 1985. This collection contains three songs that Vinton recorded for ABC Records (Killing Me Softly With Her Song My Melody of Love and My Special Angel) six for Epic Records (Roses Are Red (My Love) Mr. Lonely Blue Velvet There! I've Said It Again Blue on Blue and I Love How You Love Me) and one for the Canadian label of Ahed Records (Medley).
 IAO Chant From The Cosmic Inferno is an album by the Japanese group The Acid Mothers Temple and the Cosmic Inferno released in 2005 by Ace Fu Records. The album contains one piece nearly an hour long based on the Gong song Master Builder. Acid Mothers Temple covered Master Builder again in 2012 on IAO Chant From The Melting Paraiso Underground Freak Out.
 Fire Without Flame is a hard rock album by Akira Kajiyama and Joe Lynn Turner. This is the first release under both their names. Fire Without Flame is more of a return to Slam era sensibilities: a blistering blues infused hard rock album on which Kajiyama handled all instruments and production himself. While absent of song writing credits it’s assumed that Turner contributed all lyrics and vocal melodies.
 Ohyda - The second album released by Lady Pank in 1984 on the Savitor label. Recording Director - Sławomir Wesołowski Sound Operator - Mariusz Zabrodzki Music - Jan Borysewicz Lyrics- Andrzej Mogielnicki.
 The Power of Positive Thinking is an EP by the Canadian punk rock band NoMeansNo. I Am Wrong and Life in Hell were both new tracks while Manic Depression was a Jimi Hendrix cover recorded in 1985 and remixed for release on the EP.
 Ivy and the Big Apples is the third album by Australian rock band Spiderbait. It became a double platinum selling record which reached the top 10 list in Australia and won the 1997 ARIA Award for Best Alternative Release. It features the single Buy Me a Pony which reached number one on Triple J's Hottest 100 in 1996.
 Cássia Eller is an album by Brazilian singer Cássia Eller released in 1994.
 The Grand Garden EP is an EP recorded by singer-songwriter Aslyn. The EP features 28 songs most of which were recorded between Aslyn's debut album Lemon Love and her second album The Dandelion Sessions. It is divided up into four parts or 'phases' each one having seven different songs.
 Turn This Club Around is the third studio album from German Dance-Band R.I.O.. It was first released on 2 December 2011 in Germany. The album peaked to number 29 on the Swiss Albums Chart
 Reanimation is the first remix album by American rock band Linkin Park as a follow-up to their first studio album Hybrid Theory and released on July 30 2002. Recorded during the Hybrid Theory tour in 2001 it features hip hop and electronic-influenced remixes of songs from Hybrid Theory.
 Cold Snap is a 1996 album by Weeping Tile. The band's first major label album it features a somewhat more rock-oriented sound than the band's debut independent release.
 The Scene Aesthetic is the second album released by The Scene Aesthetic and is a re-release of their 2006 debut album Building Homes from What We've Known. The album contains remastered and remixed versions of all of the tracks from their debut album plus three additional tracks.The Scene Aesthetic was released on July 10 2007.
 It's All Relative: Tillis Sings Tillis is an album released in 2002 by country music artist Pam Tillis. All of the songs were co-written by Pam and/or her father country singer Mel Tillis. Several are covers of songs that were originally by other artists.
 After Dark is a solo album by Dick Morrissey. Recorded the same year as the Morrissey–Mullen album It's About Time some of the musicians had been also been associated that group but although this would appear at a superficial glance to make this a Morrissey–Mullen album in all but name it is clearly not.
 Acid Motherhood is a studio album by Gong released in 2004. The line-up on this album consists of a merger of latter-day Gong University of Errors (guitarist Josh Pollock) and Acid Mothers Temple (Kawabata Makoto and Cotton Casino).
 Ellington Uptown (also released as Hi-Fi Ellington Uptown) is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded for the Columbia label in 1951 & 1952. The album was re-released on CD in 2004 with additional tracks recorded in 1947 and originally released as the Liberian Suite.
 Sonny Stitt with the New Yorkers is an album by the saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1957 and originally released on the Roost label.
 FabricLive.52 is a 2010 DJ mix album by Zero T. The album was released as part of the FabricLive Mix Series.
 Venus and Mars is the fourth album by Wings. Released as the follow-up to the enormously successful Band on the Run Venus and Mars continued Wings' string of success and would prove a springboard for a year-long worldwide tour. It was Paul McCartney's first post-Beatles release under the Capitol Records label.
 The Wonder of You was an album of instrumentals performed by Nelson Riddle and his orchestra released on June 21 2000 by Direct Source.
 All Woman is the first and only studio album by Hurricane G released on September 16 1997 through Jellybean Benitez's H.O.L.A. Recordings.The album was poorly promoted and failed to reach the Billboard album charts however the album's lead single Somebody Else (which used a sampled of The Jones Girls 1979 hit You Gonna Make Me Love Somebody Else) became a top 10 hit on the Hot Rap Singles chart.
 Wire Waltz is the second album from band The Last Town Chorus released in 2006 three years after their eponymous debut. It contains the band's most well known track a cover of David Bowie's Modern Love also featured in a season two episode of Grey's Anatomy.By the time the album was recorded former member Nat Gut had departed the band.
 Son of Spirit was the second album that Spirit released through Mercury Records. It was released in October 1975.
 Sea Level is the 1977 eponymous debut album by Sea Level and was released on the Capricorn Records label.
 My Holiday is the third album by American singer-songwriter Mindy Smith released in 2007. This is Smith's first holiday record.
 Earthsuit is the first release by the band Earthsuit. It is most commonly known as Headless Clown a title which is derived from the CD cover (which shows a toy clown whose head is not visible). The songs Fearless Torch Desert Dreams and Lady Wisdom have never appeared elsewhere and the other three studio tracks underwent considerable changes before appearing on the band's major label debut Kaleidoscope Superior.
 Ashes To Ashes is the second mixtape by American rapper Rick Ross it was released on December 24 2010. The mixtape features guest appearances from T.I. Ludacris Wiz Khalifa Wale Meek Mill Chester French Aaliyah Ne-Yo and Birdman.
 F-Punk is a studio album by Mick Jones' post-Clash band Big Audio Dynamite. This was the first album to be released under the name of Big Audio Dynamite since 1989's Megatop Phoenix. The title is a pun on the funk group P-Funk and is supposed to imply Fuck punk. The album cover lettering takes influence from London Calling one of Mick Jones' albums with The Clash which in turn was a copy of Elvis Presley's debut album.
 Suddenly is an album by Marcus Miller. The funk album was released in 1983.The album was re-released in 1999.
 Paper Crown King is the fourth album by British band Seafood released on 4 September 2006 in the United Kingdom and 13 February 2007 in North America.
 Qhnnnl (stylized as qhnnnl) is the fourth album from Dianogah and was released on June 10 2008.
 Maybe Tomorrow was the fifth regular album released by The Jackson 5 in 1971. Released after the success of the hit ballad I'll Be There most of the tracks on the album are ballads with few dance numbers. Maybe Tomorrow includes the hit singles Never Can Say Goodbye and Maybe Tomorrow.
 Wild Cherry is the first studio album by Wild Cherry released in 1976. The album includes the group's only major successful single Play That Funky Music.
 Riverfenix is the first full-length album by Riverfenix released on December 16 1997 on Drive-Thru Records. It was later re-released (with some changes) by MCA and Drive-Thru Records when Riverfenix was forced to change their name as the self-titled debut album of Fenix TX. This album has since been out of print and is a treasured collector's item among fans as Skinhead Jessie Jaw and the untitled tracks are not featured on the Fenix TX version release.
 Somedays is the first album released by the American singer-songwriter Matt Wertz.
 Tales from the Crib is the debut album of North Vancouver punk band d.b.s. It was released by Nefer Records in 1995.
 Alive Till I'm Dead (sic) is the debut studio album by English rapper Professor Green that was released on 16 July 2010. The album features guest vocals from the likes of Lily Allen Example Labrinth and Emeli Sandé among others.
 Talking to the Dead is a compilation album released by Rosemary's Babies on October 5 2004 on Ghastly Records.It features nine of the 10 tracks released in 1983 on the Blood Lust EP.
 Becoming is the eleventh studio album by Grammy Award winning and Multi-Platinum selling Gospel and Inspirational vocalist Yolanda Adams. This is her first album in four years since her last album What a Wonderful Time. The album was released on May 3 2011 on N-House Music Group as a Wal-Mart exclusive. Currently the lead single Be Still is number 4 on the Billboard Gospel Singles chart as of October 22 2011. The second single from the project is Rejoice.
 Switzerland is the title of the third album by Detroit rock band Electric Six.The album consists of thirteen new tracks. The band commented that:A music video for the song I Buy the Drugs was recorded on July 1 2006 and was released on their MySpace site in early August.
 New Irish Hymns 4: Hymns for the Life of the Church is the fourth and final album in a series of themed albums created and produced by Keith Getty. This album features vocalists Margaret Becker Joanne Hogg and Kristyn Getty performing songs by Keith Getty and others (as indicated below). Margaret Becker and Joanne Hogg performed on all four albums in the series. Kristyn Getty performed on nos. 2-4; printings before her marriage to Keith Getty used her maiden name Kristyn Lennox.
 The Greatest Hits – Remixed is a 2007 compilation album by Fatboy Slim released in September 2007. It is a companion album to the previous year's compilation album The Greatest Hits – Why Try Harder.
 Now I'm Nailed to Your Bedroom Wall I've Only Got Myself to Blame is a compilation album by London-based glam rockers Rachel Stamp. It was released in April 2009 via Serena/Cargo Records.
 Eddie Harris Sings the Blues is an album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris recorded in 1972 and released on the Atlantic label.
 Closest Thing To Heaven is the 10th studio album of the Filipino rock band Rivermaya. It contains 10 tracks and was released under Warner Music Philippines in 2009. This album is the second of Rivermaya without Rico Blanco as the band's vocalist. He is replaced by 18 year old Jayson Fernandez who won the search for a new vocalist in a series of reality TV auditions. The band members took turns on vocals with the arrangement that whoever wrote the song will be the one to sing it.
 Sisters (stylized as SISTERS) is the fourth full-length studio album by Japanese idol group Idoling!!!. It reached number 17 on Oricon chart.The song Makehende used as Fuji TV Wakeari Nē-san EX ending song.
 Godzilla: The Album is the soundtrack to the 1998 film Godzilla. It was released on May 19 1998 through Epic Records and mainly consists of alternative rock songs. The soundtrack was a success peaking at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 and reaching platinum certification. The album's most successful single was Puff Daddy and Jimmy Page's Come with Me which peaked at No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was also certified platinum. Deeper Underground also reached No. 1 on the UK Singles Chart.
 These Days (stylized as (these Days)) is American rock band Bon Jovi's sixth studio album released in 1995. This was the first album Bon Jovi released after the dismissal of bassist Alec John Such. The band hired Hugh McDonald as their unofficial bassist. The album produced by Peter Collins Richie Sambora and Jon Bon Jovi was an overall darker album in contrast to the band's usual brand of feel-good inspiring rock songs and love ballads.
 High Valley is the second studio album by Canadian country music group High Valley. It was released on September 14 2010 by Open Road Recordings in Canada and by Centricity Music in the United States. Included are the singles I Will Stand by You On the Combine A Father's Love (The Only Way He Knew How) and Call Me Old Fashioned. A Father's Love (The Only Way He Knew How) was originally recorded by Bucky Covington on his 2010 EP I'm Alright and released as a single in March 2010.
 Embers and Ashes is the debut studio album by Jazz vocalist and pianist Shirley Horn released in 1959.
 Rhinestone was a soundtrack album from the 1984 film starring Dolly Parton and Sylvester Stallone. The Dolly Parton-composed soundtrack produced two Top Ten country singles: God Won't Get You and the chart-topping Tennessee Homesick Blues. Parton stated in her memoirs My Life and Other Unfinished Business that she regards the soundtrack album as some of the best work she's done though the film was largely regarded as a critical and commercial flop.
 Chorus Erasure's fifth proper studio album was released by Mute Records in the UK and Sire Records in the U.S. in 1991 (see 1991 in music). This album was the last to end Erasure's classic period.
 The Rock and the Tide is the third studio album by American folk musician Joshua Radin. It was released on October 12 2010.
 Housing Project is John Hartford's fourth album released in 1968. Like all of his RCA recordings it was reissued in 2002 as part of a twofer CD combined with his third album The Love Album.
 Mystical Lady is an album by organist Shirley Scott recorded in 1971 and released on the Cadet label.
 54•40 is a 1986 eponymous album by Canadian alternative rock band 54•40. The album is nicknamed The Green Album by fans because the album artwork consists of mostly green fill. The track I Go Blind was later covered by Hootie and the Blowfish.
 Shiri Maimon is the debut album by Israeli singer Shiri Maimon released on September 2 2005 and certified gold just a few months after its release. It combines elements of pop and soul.The first single from the album and shiri's first commercial single ever Ad Shetavin Oti (Until You Understand Me Hebrew: עד שתבין אותי) was released on November 2004.
 Presenting Joe Williams and Thad Jones/Mel Lewis the Jazz Orchestra is a 1966 big band jazz album recorded by Joe Williams with the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Jazz Orchestra and released on the Solid State Records label.
 The Stars Look Very Different Today is the 11th album by bassist Ben Allison. It was released on Allison's own Sonic Camera label on December 3 2013.
 Mish Mash! is the fifth full-length release from Regurgitator and was released on 15 November 2004.The album was the result of the Band in a Bubble project a new reality TV-inspired media stunt sponsored and broadcast by Australian music channel Channel V. The band entered a small glass recording studio built in Federation Square in the centre of Melbourne to record the album.
 Group Therapy is the third studio album by nu metal band Dope. The enhanced portion of the album contains a music video for each song. Group Therapy shows the band expanding on the more alternative metal style music the band had started on their previous album life and most of the industrial style music has been toned down. The album contains some of the bands most heavy and aggressive songs while certain songs such as Another Day Goes By and Easier show a softer more melodic sound.
 Live! in Buffalo is a live album by Canadian hard rock/heavy metal band Helix. It was recorded on September 29 1983 in Buffalo New York. It is their 14th official release. It includes several songs that were road-tested versions of new tracks that were written for 1984's Walkin' the Razor's Edge but yet to be recorded. It also features a song called Hot on the Heels of Love that has never been released in any form anywhere else.
 Humppa United is a 2008 album by the Finnish group Eläkeläiset. It consists of humppa cover versions of (relatively) popular songs.
 Isolation Drills is the twelfth album by Dayton Ohio indie rock group Guided by Voices. It was their second and final LP released under TVT Records and their second to feature a major rock producer in Rob Schnapf. The album was also their first to chart on the Billboard Top 200 peaking at #168. Skills Like This was featured on the ESPN Ultimate X Soundtrack compilation album. Glad Girls was nominated for the High Times Pot Song of the Year award.
 Stars And Topsoil is a compilation album by the Scottish rock group Cocteau Twins released on the 4AD label in October 2000. The album features tracks released between 1982 and 1990 covering every Cocteau Twins album from Garlands to Heaven or Las Vegas.
 Chill Out is the third studio album by The KLF and the first album under the name released in February 1990. An ambient house concept album it portrays a mythical night-time journey up the US Gulf Coast from Texas into Louisiana. The album is a continuous composition in which sampled music (including Elvis Presley Fleetwood Mac Acker Bilk and Tuvan throat singers) vocal samples and sound effects are overlaid with original music.
 Didn't We is a studio album by American saxophonist Stan Getz recorded in 1969 and released the following year on Verve Records. It features Getz improvising jazz standards with a full orchestra conducted by Johnny Pate.
 Dancing Backward in High Heels is the fifth studio album by the New York Dolls. It was released on March 15 2011 on 429 Records. Dancing Backward in High Heels can best be described as a departure from the New York Dolls hard rock punk sound and a return to the girl group 1960's rock invasion genre that both David Johansen and Sylvain Sylvain have claimed to love.
 Chant is an album by American trumpeter Donald Byrd recorded in 1961 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1979.
 Cheating at Solitaire is the first solo album from Social Distortion frontman Mike Ness. Released in 1999 it bypasses much of Social Distortion's punk muscle in favor of a more roots-oriented approach to rock and roll. It features cameos by Bruce Springsteen Brian Setzer and members of Royal Crown Revue.
 Emotional is the fourth album by R&B musician Jeffrey Osborne. Produced by Rod Temperton Richard Perry T. C. Campbell and George Duke. Emotional contains his biggest pop hit You Should Be Mine (The Woo Woo Song). The track peaked at number 13 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number two on both the R&B and Adult Contemporary (AC) charts.
 Desire Of My Heart is the ninth overall album of gospel singer Vanessa Bell Armstrong. This album continued Armstrong's trend of largely performing traditional gospel songs although she has experienced success as a mainstream gospel artist. Desire features the backing of Pastor Marvin Winans and the Perfecting Praise Choir. An accompanying home video release of the concert was also made available on VHS shortly after the album's release.
 Live at Roadburn – Eulogy for the Late Sixties is a live album by the Norwegian experimental band Ulver. It was recorded on April 12 2012 at the Dutch Roadburn Festival and features the band in an exclusive headlining performance playing tracks from their psychedelic Sixties-covers album Childhood's End.
 IX is the third album by the Italian black/speed metal band Bulldozer released in 1987.
 Foot Loose & Fancy Free is Rod Stewart's eighth album released in November 1977 on Riva Records in the UK and Warner Bros in the US.
 Say No To The World is the debut studio album by British rock band LostAlone released on 20 March 2007.
 Tonight is the third studio album from R&B group Silk released in 1999. It was their first album in four years after wanting to be released from their contract over the lackluster performance of their last album. After they worked out their contract issues they went back to work on their next recording. Tonight is the first album where the members have complete creative control over songwriting and production.
 Early Music (Lachrymæ Antiquæ) (the subtitle means Ancient Tears in Latin) is a studio album by the Kronos Quartet containing 21 compositions many of which written arranged or transcribed for the quartet. The title track is from Dowland's Lachrimae or Seaven Teares of 1604.
 The Big Knockover is the Swedish punk group No Fun at All's third album released on July 13 1997.All music by Mikael Danielsson except track 1 which was co-written by Jimmie Olsson. All lyrics by Ingemar Jansson. Published by Misty Music.
 It's Not Too Late is the second solo album from Neal Morse.
 Great Day (also released as The Great Day) is an album by saxophonist James Moody recorded in 1963 and released on the Argo label.
 IAO (subtitled Music in Sacred Light) is an album by John Zorn released in 2002 on the Tzadik label. The album was inspired by Aleister Crowley and his follower filmmaker Kenneth Anger and draws its title from the Kabbalistic identity of IAO the initials of Isis Apophis and Osiris used as a magical formula in the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn.
 The Robe/Bonus Collection is a compilation album released by the hard rock band Ten. The double compact disc contains the third Ten studio album plus a separate disc of tracks previously released only in Japan.
 The A-Files: Alien Songs is a 1998 music album by Alvin and the Chipmunks released by Sony Wonder. The album's concept parodied the 1993–2002 FOX series The X-Files.
 The Dreams of Men is the sixth studio album by the British neo-progressive band Pallas released in 2005. It is the last with vocalist Alan Reed.
 The Litanies of Satan is the debut album of avant-garde performer Diamanda Galás.
 Heartland is an album by the Michael Stanley Band released in 1980. It reached number 86 on the Billboard 200 album chart in 1981.
 Live at the Temple Bar and More is the first live album from alternative rock band Fishbone. The album was recorded live in various locations throughout August and September 2001[citation needed].The album contains all new material never released on any previous Fishbone album.
 Back to the Egg is the seventh and final studio album by the band Wings released in 1979 on Columbia Records in America and on Parlophone in the UK. Co-produced by Chris Thomas the album reflects band leader Paul McCartney's embracing of contemporary musical trends such as new wave and punk and marked the arrival of new Wings members Laurence Juber and Steve Holly.
 Dancer and the Moon is the eighth studio album by the group Blackmore's Night released on June 11 2013. It entered at # 189 on USA's Billboard Album Charts. It was also nominated for NAR award in Best Vocal Album of the Year.
 Not Mathematics is the debut extended play by English rock band Casimir. The first video from this release was 'Balancing Act' premiering on NME.com in January 2013 shortly followed by release of singles 'Like Whistles' and 'Lucid' in February and March respectively.
 There Is A Moth In Your Chest is the first album by the American rock band Mason Proper released on January 16 2006 in the USA. The album was released on the band's own Mang Chung imprint in a very limited run.Cover art was provided by Grandaddy drummer Aaron Burtch while the inside of the package was designed by comic artist and film producer Rick Boven.
 Mal Waldron Plays Eric Satie is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron playing compositions by Erik Satie recorded in 1983 and released by the Japanese Baybridge label.
 Thisisme Then: The Best of Common is a compilation album by rapper Common released November 27 2007 on Relativity Records. It covers material from his early rap years spanning 1992 to 1997 and contains singles from Common's first three albums as well as High Expectations from the Soul in the Hole soundtrack. The album's title is borrowed from the song Thisisme a track that was originally featured on Resurrection and that is featured on Thisisme Then.
 Run Come Save Me is the second album released by Roots Manuva. It was released on the Big Dada label in August 2001.Witness (1 Hope) features in the films Children of Men and Kidulthood. It has also been used in television programmes including an episode of Charlie Brooker's Screenwipe over the end credits of the first episode of teen drama Skins and in episode 13 of season one The Wire.
 Love Rules is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music singer-songwriter Carolyn Dawn Johnson. The album was released through iTunes in the United States on July 21 2010. The album was also released on August 10 2010 in Canada through Dancing Lily Music and Universal Music Canada.
 Buckcherry is the eponymous debut album by the rock band Buckcherry. It was released on April 6 1999 by DreamWorks Records. Lit Up For the Movies Dead Again and Check Your Head were released as singles. As of September 2006 the album has sold in excess of 750000 copies and was certified Gold by the RIAA.
 Sakanaction (stylized as sakanaction) is Japanese rock group Sakanaction's self-titled sixth album and was released on March 13 2013. It includes the songs Boku to Hana Yoru no Odoriko Music and a different version of B-side Eiga from the singles released before the album. 10 new tracks were created for the album.The album achieved 1st place on the Oricon weekly charts in its initial week of sales the band's first record to do so in 6 years since their debut.
 Doe or Die is the debut studio album by rapper AZ released October 10 1995 on EMI Records. The album features guest appearances by artists such as Nas and Miss Jones and production from Pete Rock L.E.S. and Buckwild among others.Upon release Doe or Die received notable critical and commercial success. The album peaked at #15 on the Billboard 200 and #1 on the U.S. Top R&B/Hip Hop Albums chart.
 Northwest Post-Grunge is a 1994 Elemental Records compilation.
 A Royal Wedding Suite is a 1981 album by Oscar Peterson. Arranged by Rick Wilkins Peterson's jazz suite commemorates the 1981 wedding of Charles Prince of Wales and Lady Diana Spencer at St Paul's Cathedral.
 Catching Up with Depeche Mode is a compilation released only in North America by British band Depeche Mode on 11 November 1985. As the title suggests it was an attempt to let the (American) public catch up with the band's four previous LP's by including singles and album songs. The compilation contains the band's singles not already available on the People Are People compilation as well as the band's two most recent B-sides Flexible and Fly on the Windscreen.
 Muscle of Love is the seventh studio album by Alice Cooper released in 1973. It is the final studio album recorded by the original Alice Cooper band.
 Grown & Sexy is the tenth album by R&B singer Babyface. The album was originally titled A Love Story and was due to be released on March 23 2004. However after the lead single (The Loneliness) failed to attract radio airplay/sales the album's release was shelved. It was later reworked into Grown & Sexy with three songs (The Loneliness God Must Love U The Getting 2 Know U) being taken from the A Love Story sessions.
 Two is the second album by Charlottesville Virginia eclectic duo Soko released in 2005 almost ten years after their debut album In November Sunlight released in 1996. Soko was formerly a trio until drummer John Gilmore who appeared on the first album left the band. Gilmore appears as a guest performer on this album. In addition to Gilmore ten various artists are heard including guitarist Tim Reynolds.
 The Wish List is the fifth and final of five EPs by recording artist Tinchy Stryder. It was released on 24 December 2011 by Takeover Entertainment as a free downloadable EP prior to the release of Stryder's fourth solo studio album Full Tank.The EP's cover art is a graphic image of Stryder with computer-generated imagery as a background of the broken portrait standing on top of a building.
 Radical History Tour is the 2nd album released by Christian parody band ApologetiX. It was originally released in 1994 only on cassette but was re-released on CD in 1999.
 Edward Lee Knight 1971–2001 is the third and final album by rapper Big Ed the Assassin. It was released posthumously on August 21 2001 through his own Special Forces Records label.
 Global Underground 008: Nick Warren Brazil is a DJ mix album in the Global Underground series compiled and mixed by Nick Warren. The mix is a retrospective look at a set in São Paulo Brazil.Nick Warren returns for his second Global Underground outing choosing to work with Andy and James again who had earned his respect by allowing him complete artistic freedom with his GU003 mix.Unusually for a GU release the title chosen represents a whole nation rather than a specific city.
 Salamandra is the eighth studio album by Latin Grammy-winning Spanish musician and actor Miguel Bosé and his first with Warner Bros. Records (Warner Music Latina in the U.S.). It was released in 1986 in Spain but not until 1989 in the U.S.
 Through Your Eyes: Kevin Kern Collection or simply Through Your Eyes or Kevin Kern Collection is a compilation album from American new age pianist Kevin Kern released in Japan only in 2002.As with his preceding and succeeding albums it is an album of instrumental songs. The compilation contains the two new compositions used in his worldwide compilation More Than Words plus tracks from his five studio albums some of which appeared in More Than Words.
 All 6's and 7's is the eleventh studio album by American rapper Tech N9ne. The album was released on June 7 2011 on Strange Music. The album sold 55715 copies in its first week of release and debuted at number 4 on the Billboard 200 and peaked at number 1 on the Billboard Rap Albums chart.
 04 Concert is a Twins album which was released in January 2004. There are two discs all together. The first disc contains 10 songs and the second one contains 15 songs.
 The Benoit Freeman Project 2 is an collaboration album by American pianist David Benoit and American Guitarist Russ Freeman released in 2004 and recorded for the Peak label. The album reached #7 on Billboard's Jazz chart.Russ Freeman also serves as leader and frontman for the Rippingtons.
 Someone To Dance With is the second solo album by Irish musician Sonny Condell. It was released in 1994 by STARC.
 Little Johnny C is an album by American trumpeter Johnny Coles recorded in 1963 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Acting Very Strange is the second solo album by Genesis bassist/guitarist Mike Rutherford and the only album to feature him on lead vocals. It was released on September 7 1982. Unlike the previous album Smallcreep's Day Acting Very Strange uses a very raw and unpolished sound. None of the album's singles charted in the US or UK top 100 but the lead single Maxine did make US Billboard charts's Mainstream Rock Tracks Chart at #37. The song was also a top 40 pop hit in Canada peaking at #39.
 Historic Dead is a live album by the rock group the Grateful Dead. It was recorded at the Avalon Ballroom in San Francisco California in late 1966 and released in June 1971.Historic Dead was produced as a vinyl LP on the Sunflower Records label and distributed by MGM Records. Sunflower had purchased the rights to a number of concert recordings from the Avalon including some by the Grateful Dead. Historic Dead is therefore not a bootleg album.
 Guetta Blaster is the second album by French DJ David Guetta. It was released on June 7 2004 by Perfecto Records Gum Prod.
 Ich und meine Maske (eng. Me And My Mask) is the third solo album by the German rapper Sido. It was released on 30 May 2008 on his label Aggro Berlin. The style is according to Sido a mix between his two last albums Maske and Ich.The album climbed to first place in the German chart and to second place in the Swiss and Austrian Charts. It reached platinum status in Switzerland and gold status in Austria.
 So Tonight That I Might See is the second studio album by the American dream pop band Mazzy Star released on October 5 1993. The album's first track Fade into You was the band's only single to make the Billboard Hot 100 chart peaking at #44. The song also charted at #48 on the UK Singles Chart. Pitchfork listed Fade into You at #19 on their Top 200 Tracks of the 1990s list.
 Emigrate! Emigrate! is a 1975 album by the music group The Irish Rovers. The album cover was nominated for a Juno Award.
 The Courtauld Talks is the third live album by English post-punk group Killing Joke. This album was different from the group's other releases since it is essentially a spoken word album. On 19 September 1987 Jaz Coleman had delivered a lecture at London's Courtauld Institute outlining the thinking behind the then-unreleased Outside the Gate album touching on gematria and the occult.
 American Bandstand is an album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz recorded in 1999 and released on the Canadian Songlines label. The album was later released under the title Forever after Dick Clark objected to the original title.
 Infrared Roses is a live compilation album by the Grateful Dead. It is a conglomeration of their famous improvisational segments Drums and Space.Somewhere in the middle of the second set of a Grateful Dead concert came a period of musical improvisation. This part of the concert is commonly referred to as Space and came right after a drum solo or duet. Infrared Roses is a compilation of these performances. There are no recognizable songs from the band's repertoire on this release.
 Space Bio Charge is a compilation album of famous Japanese composer Yoko Kanno with her band The Seatbelts under the name Yoko Kanno Seatbelts. The full title of the album is Yoko Kanno Seatbelts Earth Tour Commemorative Collection Album: Space Bio Charge (YOKO KANNO SEATBELTS 来地球記念コレクションアルバム　スペース バイオチャージ Yoko Kanno Seatbelts Rai-chikyū Kinen Korekushon Arubamu Supēsu Baio Chāji).
 Pragamatic is the third studio album by Praga Khan. It was released in 1998 and featured a new version of Injected with a Poison.The Never Records pressing came packaged with a bonus disc titled [R]ejected Tracks containing four Lords of Acid tracks. The second track on this album Acid Queen was originally released in 1988 using the pseudonym Major Problem.
 Songs About Me is the seventh album of country music singer Trace Adkins. It was released on March 22 2005 on Capitol Records Nashville. His highest-selling album to date it has been certified 2× Platinum by the RIAA and had sold 1.5 million copies. Singles from this album include the title track Arlington and Honky Tonk Badonkadonk. The title track and Honky Tonk Badonkadonk both went to No.2 and Arlington went to No.16 on the U.S. BillboardHot Country Songs charts.
 Beneath the Texas Moon is the debut album by American country music artist J.C. Crowley. It was released in 1988 via RCA Records. The album includes the singles Boxcar 109 Paint the Town and Hang the Moon Tonight I Know What I've Got and the title track.
 Brett James is the self-titled debut album of American country music singer-songwriter Brett James. It was released on September 12 1995 via Arista Nashville's Career Records division. The singles Female Bonding If I Could See Love and Worth the Fall all entered the Hot Country Songs charts.
 Magic Chairs is the third studio album from Danish indie rock group Efterklang. The album is the band's first release on their new label 4AD and was released on February 22 2010 and a day later in North America. The album was also released on the band's own label Rumraket in Scandinavia. The band began recording the album in January 2009 in studios across Copenhagen and Århus Denmark and mixed the album with producer Gareth Jones.
 Vertigo is an album by Billie Myers released on June 6 2000.
 Ramsey Lewis and his Gentle-men of Swing (later rereleased as Swingin') is the debut album by American jazz pianist Ramsey Lewis featuring tracks recorded in 1956 and released on the Argo label.
 The Blue Moods of Spain is the debut album by Spain released in 1995 on Restless Records.
 A Contraluz is an album by Uruguayan band La Vela Puerca that was produced by Gustavo Santaolalla. It was released in October 2004 after recording during March and April of that year.
 Raw and Live is a two disc live album by the English punk rock band Sex Pistols that was released in 2004. Disc 2 is a Sid Vicious concert; it has no relation to Sex Pistols.
 I've Got All the Heartaches I Can Handle is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb released in 1973 (see 1973 in music).
 She'll Break Your Heart was the debut EP from Toronto alternative rock band Love Kills. Released in May 2006 the record received airplay on CBC Radio as well as a positive review from Toronto music publication Exclaim! magazine. The EP was recorded written and produced by the band's guitarist and vocalist Pat Rijd in the band's Toronto project-studio.
 Fact 2002 was a 12 inch record released by the pop group Bis paying tribute to Factory Records. The EP was given a low-key release.It features covers of Joy Division's biggest hit Love Will Tear Us Apart (1980) New Order's B-side Hurt which was released with Temptation (1982) the debut single of A Certain Ratio Shack Up (1980) and Looking from a Hilltop from Section 25 which originally appeared on From the Hip (1984).
 Four-Day Trials is a 1999 album by American indie/roots folk band Dispatch. The album was their third studio release. The tracks Here We Go and Mission are re-recordings of tracks from Dispatch's second album Bang Bang.
 Kofi is an album by American trumpeter Donald Byrd featuring performances by Byrd with Frank Foster Lew Tabackin Duke Pearson Ron Carter Bob Cranshaw Airto Moreira Wally Richardson and Mickey Roker recorded in 1969 and 1970 and released on the Blue Note label in 1995.
 In Modern Times is an album by the American jazz group Spyro Gyra released in 2001 for the Heads Up label. This album reached #2 on Billboard's Contemporary Jazz chart.
 Malesch is an album by German rock group Agitation Free. It was released in 1972 on the Music Factory label and later on the Vertigo Records label. It was reissued on CD in 1992 by the Spalax label and in 2001 by the Garden of delights label and again in 2008 by Revisited Records. The album was inspired by the group's travels through Egypt Greece and Cyprus.
 Rise and Shine is an album by popular children's entertainer Raffi Cavoukian released in 1982 by his two labels Shoreline Recordings and Troubadour Music with distribution by A&M Records. MCA Records then held distribution and Rounder Records today bought rights for re-releasing this and other Raffi albums.
 My Son the Nut is the third album by Allan Sherman released by Warner Bros. Records in 1963. The album held the top spot on the Billboard Top 200 for nearly two months from August 31 to October 25 1963. It stayed on the charts for 140 weeks and sold 1.2 million copiesSherman's first two albums had been filled with in-jokes about Jewish culture. With his third album his parodies became more generic.
 Nawal 2004 is a 2004 album by the singer Nawal El Kuwaiti.
 Love-In is a live album by jazz saxophonist Charles Lloyd recorded at the Fillmore Auditorium in San Francisco by the Charles Lloyd Quartet featuring Keith Jarrett Ron McClure and Jack DeJohnette. Selections from the same concert were also released as Journey Within.
 Daljina dim i prašina (trans. Distance Smoke and Dust) is the ninth studio album from Serbian rock band Bajaga i Instruktori released in 2012.Daljina dim i prašina album was released with the book of Bajagić's poetry entitled Vodič kroz snove (Guide through Dreams). The book featured a choice of lyrics Bajagić had written for Bajaga i Instruktori and his solo albums as well as for other artists and for all the songs from Daljina dim i prašina.
 London The Punk Rock Collection is a CD containing all the MCA recordings of the 1970s punk band London. All the group's A & B sides are included as well as their entire 1978 Animal Games album. In addition there are biographical notes and color photographs of the band's record sleeves. The album was released in 1997. Its catalogue number is AHOY CD77.
 Champagne Charlie is the title of a recording by singer/guitarist Leon Redbone released in 1978. It peaked at No. 163 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts.
 I Should Coco is the debut studio album by English alternative rock band Supergrass released through Parlophone in May 1995. Supergrass were formed in 1993 by Gaz Coombes Mick Quinn and Danny Goffey and they released their debut single from the album Caught by the Fuzz in May 1995 on the small independent local label Backbeat Records and was re-released with Parlophone.
 Andina is a solo album by Argentine bandoneón player and composer Dino Saluzzi recorded in 1988 and released on the ECM label.
 Jelena Karleuša is the self-titled fourth studio album by Serbian pop-folk singer Jelena Karleuša. It was released in 1998.
 Boss Drum was The Shamen's 1992 album which featured their hit Ebeneezer Goode. Critics still gave their Boss Drum album positive feedback despite the death of the member Will Sinnott who was known to have helped Colin Angus (as well as Richard West joining the band in 1990) transform The Shamen into a popular rave act.
 Counterpoints: Live in Tokyo is a live album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner released on the Milestone label in 2004. It was recorded along with Passion Dance (1978) in July 1978 at the Live Under the Sky festival in Tokyo Japan and features performances by Tyner with Tony Williams and Ron Carter. The Allmusic review by Ken Dryden states Even with Tyner's fierce attack at the keyboard and his heavy use of the sustain pedal at times the sound is remarkably clear.
 Absu's compilation album released in 2005 by Osmose Productions. The vinyl release was limited to 500 copies.
 Numena + Geometry (1997) is an album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich. It is a two-disc set containing Rich’s albums Numena (1987) and Geometry (1991).
 Fun in Space is the debut album by English musician Roger Taylor released on 18 April 1981 in the UK and 9 May in the US. The album peaked at number 18 in the British charts while it performed poorly upon its US release.The album was recorded in between legs of Queen's tours for The Game and Flash Gordon albums. Taylor wrote produced sang and performed all of the songs himself.The albums credits state P.P.S.
 Hypothesis is a 1978 album by the Greek artist Vangelis. In May 1971 Vangelis had played several sessions in London's Marquee Studios joined for some of them by violinist Michel Ripoche bass guitarist Brian Odgers (called Odger on the sleeve) and drummer Tony Oxley the rhythm section of the famous Extrapolation recording released by John McLaughlin. Two albums' worth of material had resulted from these sessions but were unfinished and never intended for release.
 The World of Cecil Taylor is an album by Cecil Taylor recorded for the Candid label in October 1960. The album features performances by Taylor with Archie Shepp Buell Neidlinger and Denis Charles. Alternate takes from these sessions were released on Air in 1987. A 1971 reissue of the original album on the Barnaby label was also titled Air.
 Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 2007 film Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story.
 I Was Trying to Describe You To Someone is the fourth studio album by American melodic hardcore band Crime in Stereo. It was released on February 23 2010 on Bridge Nine Records. The band released a new song Drugwolf on their MySpace page on January 19 2010.
 Dance With The Tyrants: Classic Dance Hits Vol. 1 is the third album from the Tyrants in Therapy. It was released by Emotional Coathanger Records in 2010.
 Syms by Sinatra is a 1982 album by Sylvia Syms arranged by Don Costa and conducted by Frank Sinatra .
 Wages of Sin is the fourth studio album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy. It is the first Arch Enemy album to feature the vocals of Angela Gossow. It is also the first album they use Standard-C tuning which they still use today.
 La Puta y el Diablo is the ninth album by the Spanish alternative metal band Hamlet. The band introduced a groove metal oriented sound.It is the first album with new guitarist Alberto Marín and their first with Roadrunner Records.
 Faker Holic: YMO World Tour Live is a live album by Yellow Magic Orchestra. The material on this live album was recorded during various concerts in 1979 and was released as a double CD in 1991. Several songs appeared on the 1979 live album Public Pressure with Kazumi Watanabe's guitar parts overdubbed with keyboards and Yukihiro Takahashi's vocals replaced with those re-recorded later in studio. This album restores Watanabe's guitar parts (but not Takahashi's vocals).
 Someday Came Suddenly is the debut studio album by American electronicore band Attack Attack!. It was released on November 11 2008 through Rise Records. The album's name derives from the third track Bro Ashley's Here and is the last album to include lead vocalist Austin Carlile.
 Enlightenment is the official soundtrack album of the 2012 Summer Paralympics opening ceremony. It was released as digital download on 30 August 2012.It features dialog from Stephen Hawking.
 Not to be confused with the Sopor Aeternus demo tape Es reiten die Toten so schnell...Es reiten die Toten so schnell (or: the Vampyre sucking at his own Vein) (German: The Dead ride so fast; usually referred to as Es reiten die Toten so schnell) is the seventh album by darkwave act Sopor Aeternus and the Ensemble of Shadows and was released in 2003. A double vinyl edition and an A5-sized boxed set edition was released in limited quantities of 666 and 1999 copies respectively.
 Future Kiss is the ninth studio album by Japanese recording artist Mai Kuraki. It was released on November 17 2010. The limited edition comes with a bonus DVD containing a special movie. First pressing of the album comes with a bonus disc including the song Boyfriend.
 Hey Venus! is the eighth album by Welsh band Super Furry Animals. It was released on 27 August 2007 in the United Kingdom. Hey Venus! is the band's first full-length release on current label Rough Trade Records and at just over 36 minutes is also their shortest-running studio release.
 Letters from the Earth is the second album by the Polish gothic metal band Undish released on Morbid Noizz Productions in 1999. The album was only released in Poland.
 Fused is a solo album by Black Sabbath guitarist Tony Iommi released in 2005.
 7 is the second studio album from Norwegian futurepop group Apoptygma Berzerk. The album was released in 1996 following frontman Stephan Groth's work on several side projects. It has been remastered and re-released in 2003 and 2008 respectively; both versions had the samples on the first track omitted due to copyright reasons but added bonus tracks.
 Suitcase is the ninth studio album by Delta blues artist Keb' Mo' (real name Kevin Moore) released in June 2006. Suitcase sees Moore re-unite with producer John Porter who helped Moore put together his first few commercial releases up to Slow Down where the two started working on projects with others. In this lieu Moore worked with a variety of producers gaining a varied production experience along with producing himself.
 The Best That I Could Do 1978–1988 is the first greatest hits compilation album by American singer-songwriter John Mellencamp released by Mercury Records in 1997 (see 1997 in music).
 This Timeless Turning is the third album by Sky Cries Mary released on July 26 1994 through World Domination Recordings.
 Live on I-5 is a live album by the American rock band Soundgarden. It was recorded during the West Coast leg of their 1996 tour and released on March 22 2011. They announced the album the band's first live album on their website on January 13 2011.The title is a reference to Interstate 5 which runs along the Pacific coast of the United States. The band hired Adam Kasper to record several shows with a rented 24-track machine/truck.
 Simply Mortified is the second album by BS 2000 released on February 6 2001.
 Evil in the Night is American thrash metal band Merciless Death's debut album limited to 100 copies. It self-released on May 5 2006 at the Thrasho De Mayo I show held at the Whisky a Go Go in West Hollywood California with cover artwork by Andy and Cesar Torres.
 Time Further Out is a 1961 release by the Dave Brubeck Quartet. It features the Classic Quartet: pianist Dave Brubeck alto saxophonist Paul Desmond bassist Eugene Wright and drummer Joe Morello. The album was recorded by engineer Fred Plaut and produced by Teo Macero.
 The Science Of Things is the third studio album by British post-grunge band Bush. Released in 1999 it was the last Bush album under Trauma Records. It features many electronic influences and while successful sold less than its predecessors reaching a platinum certification and #11 in the US.
 Sweet F.A. is the sixth studio album by English alternative rock band Love and Rockets released in 1996 on American Recordings.
 Ringo 5.1: The Surround Sound Collection is a DVD-Audio compilation by Ringo Starr. The tracks featured are from his albums Ringo Rama and Choose Love.
 The Thin Red Line is the debut album by Canadian band Glass Tiger. It was released by Capitol Records June 11 1986 (1986-06-11).The album is most famous for the single Don't Forget Me (When I'm Gone) which reached #2 on the U.S. singles chart and featured back-up vocals by Bryan Adams. The follow-up single Someday was also successful reaching #7 in the U.S. It has also sold certified quadruple platinum in Canada and went certified gold in the U.S.
 Somewhere in the Stars is the 4th album by Rosanne Cash released in June of 1982. It produced three Billboard hits in the country top 20 including the #4 Ain't No Money the #8 I Wonder and the #14 It Hasn't Happened Yet. The album itself rose as high as #6 on the country albums chart.
 Floorshow EP is a bootleg EP by The Sisters of Mercy released on 7 vinyl in 1986. The tracks were taken from a demo tape recorded in 1981. Floorshow Lights and Adrenochrome were later rerecorded and released on singles. Leonard Cohen cover Teachers remained unreleased.
 Tillbaka till samtiden is the seventh studio album by Swedish alternative rock band Kent. It was released on 17 October 2007. The album is produced with Danish producer Joshua. The title means Back to the Present a pun on the Swedish translated title of Back to the Future (Tillbaka till framtiden). The album peaked at number one in Sweden number two in Norway number three in Finland and number five in Denmark. It has been certified double platinum in Sweden.
 Strictly 4 My Niggaz is the second studio album by rapper Tupac Shakur released by Interscope Records on February 16 1993. The rights now belong to Amaru Entertainment. N.I.G.G.A.Z. in the title is an acronym for Never Ignorant Getting Goals Accomplished; the Z in the title makes it a plural.Similar to his debut 2Pacalypse Now the album contains many tracks emphasizing 2Pac's political and social views.
 PTSD: Post Traumatic Stress Disorder is the fourth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Pharoahe Monch released on April 15 2014 under his independent label W.A.R. Media in partnership with INgrooves. The album features guest appearances from Black Thought Talib Kweli Denaun The Stepkids and Vernon Reid as well as production from Lee Stone Marco Polo Jesse West and Quelle Chris amongst others.
 Sharp is the solo debut album by American R&B singer Angela Winbush after she left the duo Rene & Angela. The album was released in 1987 and peaked at #7 on the Billboard R&B Albums chart in the United States; the album also peaked at #81 on the Billboard 200.
 Cleanse the Bacteria is a hardcore punk compilation LP released in 1985 by Pushead on Pusmort Records. It is an international compilation of early hardcore music and represents grindcore pioneers Siege's only original official release. A bonus 12-inch came with the mail-order version on orange colored vinyl.
 Jelena Ana Milcactic a.k.a. Helen Merrill is a 2000 studio album by Helen Merrill.The album is a tribute to Merrill's Croatian heritage.
 Livestock is a live album by Brand X released in 1977. The album has five tracks. It is the first album on which Kenwood Dennard appears as a replacement drummer for Phil Collins on two of the five tracks.
 Live at the Whitehouse is a live album by The Exploited. It was recorded in Washington in 1985 and released in 1986.
 Bob Dylan in the 80s: Volume One released by ATO Records is the brainchild of producers Jesse Lauter (Elvis Perkins The Low Anthem) and Sean O’Brien (Dawes PAPA). The mission of Bob Dylan In The 80s: Volume One is to shed new light on a large cache of Bob Dylan songs that have long gone ignored covering the period starting with 1980’s Saved and ending with 1990’s Under The Red Sky (including unreleased material — the “80s Basement Tapes” — and The Traveling Wilburys).
 À la poursuite du bonheur Tour - Live à Bercy sometimes abbreviated as ALPDBT is a live album by French singer M. Pokora and a surprising number one for any live album at the top of the SNEP French albums chart. The tour was based mostly on M.
 1938 is an EP released by Soul-Junk in 2002 on Salad Dressing records. It comes packed in a 5¼ floppy disk and only 500 were produced. Vesuvius Re-Ups Erupts is a remix of Vesuvius from 1957.
 Damned and Mummified is a 2004 album by Abscess; released on Red Stream.
 Flammes is a 2002 compilation recorded by French pop act Niagara. It contains all the band's hit singles from its debuts and was released under three formats : the classic edition with a sole CD a limited edition with a double CD whose second one contains the extended versions and a long box composed of two CD a DVD containing the music videos (except for Tchiki Boum) and a booklet with songs lyrics and the musical career of band.
 Linger Ficken' Good…and Other Barnyard Oddities is the third studio album by Revolting Cocks.
 Entropia is Pain of Salvation's first studio album. It is a concept album concerning the story of a family in a fictional society that is torn apart by a war. The title is a portmanteau of Entropy (from thermodynamics the measure of disorder present in a system) and Utopia (the ideal society). This is the only album to feature Daniel Magdic on guitar.
 Making Trouble is an influential[citation needed] first album by the Houston hip hop group the Geto Boys then known as the Ghetto Boys. The group originally consisted of Bushwick Bill DJ Ready Red Sire Jukebox and Prince Johnny C. Following the release of Making Trouble Rap-A-Lot Records dropped Sire Jukebox and Johnny C from the group and added Scarface and Willie D.
 The Healing is the third album by underground hip hop group Strange Fruit Project released July 25 2006 on Om Records. The album was generally well-received and drew the group comparisons to underground peers like Little Brother. The release was beloved by underground fans for its Golden Age style similar to that of the Native Tongues Posse with Jazzy production and socially conscious lyrical content.
 Little Kix is the third album by English alternative rock band Mansun released in 14 August 2000. It marked a departure from their previous style employing a more commercial sound.
 Mortal Kombat: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the compilation album which accompanied the 1995 film Mortal Kombat. Mortal Kombat was nominated for the Motion Picture Sound Editors USA Golden Reel Award.[citation needed] It won the BMI Film & TV Awards BMI Film Music Award. The soundtrack went Platinum in 10 days reaching No.
 Jass-Ay-Lay-Dee is the 14th album by The Ohio Players. It was the 8th and last album they would record for Mercury. The title is a unique spelling of the term jazzy lady. Unlike their last two efforts the group remained with the nine-man roster that they had with Mr. Mean.The group returned to the soul and funk that had been a big part of their sound since the mellower jazzier sounds of Mr.
 Bloodcult is an EP by the Dutch death metal band Nembrionic. It was released in 1997 as a split CD with Consolation's debut album Beautyfilth by Displeased Records. The first two tracks are demos of incomplete songs of the Incomplete album. Three of the last four tracks are from the Themes of an Occult Theory EP which was released under the name Nembrionic Hammerdeath. The song Bloodcult is exclusively on this release.
 We the Kings is the self-titled debut album by American pop punk band We the Kings. It was released on October 2 2007. The album peaked at No. 3 on Billboard's Top Heatseekers chart and at No. 151 on the Billboard 200. We the Kings was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) for the shipment of 75000 copies. Three singles were released from the album.
 The Bomb Squad EP was the first EP from California third wave ska group Suburban Legends though at the time the band were known as Bomb Squad making the EP a self-titled one. Other names considered for the EP during production included Makin' Babies. The EP was their only release as Bomb Squad. It was recorded at The Atomic Vault now called Sound Arena in Garden Grove. It included Tim Maurer on vocals and Brent Feige on guitar.
 The Distillers is the debut release and first 7 EP released by the Los Angeles CA punk rock band The Distillers. It was released in 1999 on Hellcat Records. The versions on the 7 are different from those on the self-titled LP. The 7 also included a free sticker. All of the tracks on the EP were written by Distillers frontwoman Brody Dalle.
 Thug Matrix 2 is a compilation album released by hip-hop artist Tragedy Khadafi including some previously released songs.
 Covers is a compilation album by the American alternative metal band Deftones. The album was released through Warner Bros. Records as a limited edition release for Record Store Day on April 16 2011. It was distributed exclusively in a vinyl record format limited to 5000 copies.As the title suggests Covers is a compilation of cover songs—many of which were previously released on B-Sides & Rarities (2005) and the digital version of Diamond Eyes (2010).
 Steal the Light is the sixth studio album of Melbourne band The Cat Empire. It was released on 17 May 2013. The first single was Brighter Than Gold and the cover art of the album is the work of Graeme Base.
 Kimi Ga Suki * Raifu (lit. I Love You - Life) is the eighth album by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet. It was released on RCAM Records in 2003.
 Ladies Invited is the fifth album by American rock band The J. Geils Band released in 1973 (see 1973 in music).The model for the cover artwork illustrated by the noted fashion artist Antonio was reportedly the actress Faye Dunaway who married lead singer Peter Wolf the following year.
 Automobili is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Lucio Dalla released in 1976 by RCA Italiana. It was the last work in collaboration with poet Roberto Roversi: the following LP Com'è profondo il mare was entirely (not only the music) written by Dalla.The album originated from a theatrical show devised by Dalla and Roversi in 1976 entitled Il futuro dell'automobile e altre storie (The Future of Cars and Other Stories).
 Relentless is the debut album from Pentagram. It was initially self-released in 1985 as Pentagram but was re-issued by Peaceville Records in 1993 with the new title and track listing. It was also issued as a two-disc split CD with Day of Reckoning in 1996 and then re-released again in 2005 as a digipak CD. The album is now commonly known as Relentless.The album was originally recorded and released in 1982 on the All Your Sins demo tape (as Death Row).
 Young Effectuals is the second release from the Portland-based band The Helio Sequence. It was released on October 9 2001 by Cavity Search Records. It is less pop-oriented than their later albums and it features longer songs densely layered with synthesizers.
 My Revenge on the World is the second album and first EP by Jennifer Parkin's project Ayria released in 2005 on the Alfa Matrix label.
 Panic is Alexei Sayle's third album released in 1985. This was his final album; he would later record some audiobooks in the late 1990s.Panic spawned the singles Didn't You Kill My Brother? and Meanwhile. The former was later featured in The Comic Strip Presents 1988 film of the same name written by Sayle. Didn't You Kill My Brother? is also a phrase Sayle has used often in his works such as in an episode of The Young Ones.
 Flies & Lies is the second release from the Italian melodic death metal band Raintime. It released in Japan on 21 March 2007 in Sweden United States Canada and the United Kingdom on 25 May and 28 May for the rest of Europe.
 I Begin is the debut album by Norwegian black metal band God Seed. It was released on October 23 2012 in North America and on October 30 2012 in Europe.
 Golden Hits is a 1967 greatest hits album by the pop rock band The Turtles. It was released on White Whale Records.
 The New Quartet is an album by Gary Burton.
 The Original Singles: 1965–1967 Volume 1 is a compilation album by American rock 'n' roll band The Byrds. Originally released in 1980 it offered for the first time all of the mono single versions of the Byrds' singles released between 1965 and early 1967. The tracks on the album are laid out chronologically by release date of the single and features the A-side first then the B-side. For example the Byrds' first single was Mr. Tambourine Man with I Knew I'd Want You on the B-side.
 Meet the Blue Hearts~U.S.A. Tour 1990 was a video album produced by the Japanese band The Blue Hearts as a documentary of their tour of America in 1991. The tour shares a name with the band's first compilation album Meet the Blue Hearts but there is no other relation between the two.
 Von der Skyline zum Bordstein zurück (German: From The Skyline Back To The Curb) is the fourth solo album by Bushido. The title alludes to his first solo album Vom Bordstein bis zur Skyline (2003). It released as Standart Edition and Platinum Edition.
 Let the Tribe Increase is the only studio album by English anarchopunk band The Mob. It was released in 1983 through record label All the Madmen and is considered an early example of the anarchopunk genre.
 Africa 100 is collection of afrobeat songs compiled by Pitchfork Media writer Joe Tangari in 2005. The origin of the collection which Tangari put together on seven CDs for listening in the car is explained in his 2010 article The Indestructible Beat which also recounts the history of afrobeat and includes a track-by-track analysis. Africa 100 has never been released commercially but circulates as an illegal download.
 The Gift is the sixth and final studio album by British band The Jam. Released on 12 March 1982 it reached #1 on the British charts. Clocking in at 32:17 minutes the album received a mixed reception from critics and fans.The original release of the album was on 12 vinyl and initial copies came with a paper bag stating The Jam... A Gift. These copies are increasingly difficult to find especially in good condition.
 Something Beautiful* is the sixth studio album by Great Big Sea released in Canada on February 24 2004 and in the US on March 9 2004. It is the first album the group has recorded without the contributions of former member Darrell Power.
 'N Duisend Drome is the fourth album of the South African pop/opera vocal quartet Romanz and the debut album for the joint project of Romanz and Nianell. It was released on 6 May 2011.
 Black Wooden Ceiling Opening is an EP released by Mount Eerie. The album was released as a 10 record on white vinyl accompanied by a CD containing the same songs as well as a 10-song bootleg recording of the same group of musicians featured on the album live in concert at the Department of Safety in Anacortes WA.
 WarCry is the first full-length album by Spanish power metal band WarCry released on April 17 2002 through Avispa Music.
 The Paris Collection is the second album released by the pop duo Dollar. It was released in 1980 their first album on WEA Records.
 It Goes On is the debut album from indie folk band Destry. It was released on October 30 2009. Physical orders were done through the band's Tumblr page and digital downloads are available through Paper + Plastick.
 All Mod Cons is a 1978 album by the British band The Jam their third full-length LP. The title a British idiom one might find in housing advertisements is short for all modern conveniences and is a pun on the band's association with the mod revival.The album was more commercially successful than The Jam's previous album This Is the Modern World.
 Music Makers is a 1986 studio album by Helen Merrill.
 Con Amor Se Gana is the title of the debut album by American salsa singer Frankie Negrón released on May 20 1997.
 Concepts is a 1992 sixteen-disc box set compilation of the U.S. singer Frank Sinatra.This sixteen CD set is the first major compilation from an entire era of Sinatra's career. This particular set contains every studio album from years with Capitol Records. It also includes the instrumental album Frank Sinatra Conducts Tone Poems of Color which was new to compact disc with this set. However it does not include any singles compilations or soundtracks Sinatra released on the label.
 Tres Hombres (Spanish for three men meaning the three members of the band) is the third album by the American blues rock band ZZ Top. It was released in 1973. The album was the first of many times the band worked with Terry Manning as engineer. It was a successful combination as the release was the band's first commercial breakthrough.
 Cássia Rock Eller is an album of covers and original songs recorded by Brazilian singer Cássia Eller in 2000.
 Inbreeding the Anthropophagi is the second full-length album by the American death metal band Deeds of Flesh. It was originally released in 1998 on CD through Displeased Records and was later reissued by Unique Leader Records a company founded and managed by members of the band.The album revolves around the legend of Sawney Bean and his family telling of their cave-dwelling existence and grisly practice of attacking travellers on local roads for food and profit.
 Negative is the 13th studio album by a Japanese singer-songwriter Yōsui Inoue released in December 1987.
 In 2005 John Farnham and Tom Jones performed together for ten concerts in the Australian cities of Perth Sydney Brisbane and Melbourne. Farnham then left the stage to let Tom perform a few solos before returning with 1972's One and raging through hits like Pressure Down That's Freedom Heart's On Fire Playing To Win Every Time You Cry Man Of The Hour Age Of Reason and Burn For You.
 Door to Door is the sixth studio album by the American rock band The Cars. It was released in 1987 on Elektra Records.
 Turbulence is the third album released by Steve Howe and his first one since 1979. Howe's band includes Yes's former drummer Bill Bruford and Billy Curie ex-keyboardist from Ultravox. The album has guitar-based instrumentals showing different genres that influence Howe.
 Organ Grinder Swing is a 1965 studio album by Jimmy Smith.
 My Tennessee Mountain Home released in 1973 is the 11th solo studio album by Dolly Parton the title track of which became one of her better-known compositions. Largely a concept album about her childhood in rural Tennessee the album began with a recitation of the first letter Parton wrote to her parents shortly after moving from her hometown of Sevierville Tennessee to Nashville in 1964.
 Good Times A’ Comin’ is the second album by British rock band Hookfoot.
 Versus the World is the fourth full-length studio album by the Swedish death metal band Amon Amarth released on November 18 2002 by Metal Blade Records. It was also released with a bonus disc featuring the Sorrow Throughout the Nine Worlds EP as well as their two demos; Thor Arise The Arrival of the Fimbul Winter (the first being unreleased before) and a German version of Victorious March entitled Siegreicher Marsch which was on Once Sent from the Golden Hall.
 Original Folkways Recordings: 1960–1962 is the title of a recording by Doc Watson and Clarence Ashley released in 1994.
 Take a Look Inside is a punk rock album by Melbourne-based outfit Bodyjar. The line-up were Cameron Baines on guitar Ben Petterson on vocals and guitar Grant Relf on bass guitar and backing vocals and Charles Zerafa on drums. Recorded in 1994 at Sing Sing Studios in Richmond it was produced and engineered by two members of United States punk band Descendents: Bill Stevenson and Stephen Egerton.
 Ambient 1: Music for Airports is an ambient album by Brian Eno released in 1978.
 Rain's a Comin' is the second album released by the band Children 18:3. Christian music website Jesus Freak Hideout named Children 18:3's upcoming project as the website's fourth most anticipated album of the year.
 Electric Barnyard is the second studio album released by the Southern American country rock band The Kentucky Headhunters. Released in 1991 it was their second and final album to feature the original lineup of Greg Martin Doug Phelps Ricky Lee Phelps Fred Young and Richard Young.
 Blues to the Bone is a 2004 album by Etta James. The album contains a selection of twelve blues standards which are among her favourites. James and her sons Donto and Sametto James produced the album which reached number four in the Billboard Top Blues chart.The album was given a Grammy Award in 2005 for Best Traditional Blues Album.
 Diana 2006 (Arabic: ديانا 2006‎) is the 11th album (Anida counted) released by the Lebanese singer Diana Haddad.
 Black Feeling! is an album by jazz organist Johnny Hammond Smith recorded for the Prestige label in 1969.
 Congotronics is the official debut album by Konono Nº1. It was released in 2004. by Crammed Discs.
 The Cook The Thief His Wife & Her Lover is the twelfth album release by Michael Nyman and the ninth to feature the Michael Nyman Band. It is the soundtrack to the eponymous film by Peter Greenaway.
 Fortuitous Oddity is a 1996 self-released demo by deathgrind band Cephalic Carnage. In 1997 the band released it again with different artwork.
 Where You Stand is the seventh studio album from Scottish rock band Travis released on 19 August 2013 on their own record label Red Telephone Box via Kobalt Label Services. The album was produced by Michael Ilbert and promoted by three singles: Where You Stand Moving and Mother. It is the first album released by the band after a five-year break.
 Perfectly Frank is an album by Tony Bennett released in 1992 recorded as a tribute to Frank Sinatra.Part of Bennett's late-in-life comeback to commercial success it achieved gold record status in the United States and in 1993 won the Grammy Award for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Performance.In 2006 it was reissued with the same contents as Perfectly Frank: An American Classic Celebrates 80 in conjunction with Bennett's 80th birthday.
 Your Secret Love is the tenth studio album (thirteenth overall) by American R&B/soul singer Luther Vandross released on October 1 1996 (see 1996 in music). The album's title track won the Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance and was nominated for Best R&B Song in 1997. It was his final album for Epic Records.
 This Iz the Japanese Kabuki Rock is an album released by Miyavi on March 19 2008. A limited edition was released on SHM-CD a supposedly high-quality CD format developed by Universal and includes a DVD featuring music videos and documentary footage.
 Reel Life is the second album released by the duo Boy Meets Girl. Released in 1988 by RCA Records/BMG the album featured the band's sole top ten hit as a recording act Waiting for a Star to Fall as well as the minor follow-up Bring Down the Moon.Like the band's previous album all of the tracks were written entirely by Merrill and Rubicam.
 Maximum All Saints is an unauthorised biography of All Saints consisting of interviews.
 Fantail is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It is named after the fantail breed of pigeon which Masami Akita raises.The cover illustration includes part of the engraving The Temple of Music by Robert Fludd. The same engraving was used on the cover of Barbed Wire Maggots by Borbetomagus who Akita has named as one of his favorite bands. The fantail illustration was reused on the cover of Kujakubato the rear of Peace for Animals and the background of the Merzbow website.
 The Very Best of Dokken is the 'best of' package of 80s heavy metal band Dokken. Released on Rhino Records this compilation contains most of Dokken's singles prior to 1995 the year this compilation was released. This compilation is a 16-song compilation arranged in chronological order. Tracks include the instrumental Mr.
 In the Driver's Seat is the sixth studio album by Canadian country music artist Aaron Pritchett. It was released on November 9 2010 by Decibel Records.
 Bone of My Bones is the debut album by British singer Ebony Bones an alias of Ebony Thomas.
 Montara is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson recorded in 1975 and released on the Blue Note label.
 Allegedly is the first home video release second Bravo stand-up comedy special by stand-up comedian Kathy Griffin and her fourth special overall. It was televised live from the Variety Arts Theatre in Los Angeles California on November 30 2004 on Bravo.
 Hard Rock Bottom is the sixth studio album by punk rock band No Use for a Name released on June 16 2002. Song number nine This Is a Rebel Song features Karina Denike from Dance Hall Crashers. A video for Dumb Reminders was released and features the band running from angry fans.
 Sistrionix is the debut studio album from American rock duo Deap Vally. It was released in June 2013 under Island Records reaching No.38 on the UK charts. The album's cover was painted by the late Australian painter Matt Doust.
 Live Seeds is the first official live album by Australian post-punk band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. The album was recorded live from 1992 to 1993 at various concerts throughout Europe and Australia at the touring stage promoting their previous studio album Henry's Dream. Nick Cave wanted to give the songs a raw feeling as originally intended before production problems occurred.
 Heroin is the fourteenth solo album by Z-Ro. Guests include Paul Wall Chamillionaire Billy Cook Lil' Flip Chris Ward Mýa and Mike D.
 Hollies is the Hollies' third LP for Parlophone. This is also referred to as Hollies '65 to differentiate it from the similarly titled 1974 album. It went to No. 8 in the UK album charts. Originally available in mono only it was reissued in stereo under the title Reflection in 1969.
 Yes! Jesus Loves Me (subtitled Guitar Hymns) is an album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey released in 1980. It was Fahey's poorest selling release.
 I Too Have Seen the Woods is the sixth studio album released by the American musical group Kid Creole and the Coconuts. It was released in 1987 and includes the single Dancing at the Bain Douches.
 Re-Machined: A Tribute to Deep Purple's Machine Head is a 2012 tribute album that features a variety of hard rock heavy metal bands covering songs written by Deep Purple.As part of the 40th anniversary celebrations of Deep Purple's 1972 release Machine Head Re-Machined was released on September 25 2012 by Eagle Rock Entertainment.
 Euro IV Ever is E-Type's fourth studio album which was released in 2001. It contains hit songs Life Africa and Campione 2000. That song was made as the official song of the 2000 UEFA European Football Championship. Worldwide the album sold 2.5 million copies. It is E-Type's second best selling album ever.
 Tonight It's Now or Never is a 2002 album by American Alt country group Blue Mountain.
 Oscar Peterson Plays the Jerome Kern Songbook is a 1959 album by Oscar Peterson of compositions by Jerome Kern.
 Billboard Top Pop Hits is a series of compilation albums released by Rhino Records in 1994 and 1995 each featuring ten recordings from the easy listening charts from a specific year in the 1960s. Ten albums in the series were released one each for the years from 1960 to 1969. The tracks compiled for the series represented the lighter side of popular music in the 1960s.
 Re. is the third studio album by Japanese pop singer Aya Ueto. It was released on December 8 2004 on Flight Master.
 Faith in Me Faith in You is the seventh studio album released by American country music artist Doug Stone. It was his only album for Columbia Records after leaving Epic Records' roster in 1995. Although this album produced three singles — Sometimes I Forget the title track and Born in the Dark — none of these singles reached Top Ten on the country music charts.
 One Live Night is a 1995 semi-acoustic live album by heavy metal band Dokken. The reunited Dokken recorded the album during their 1995 tour. The album went virtually unheard at the time of its release. MTV had no interest in any Hair Metal so Dokken decided to do their own unplugged album. This intimate performance included versions of Tooth and Nail Into the Fire and Alone Again as well as covers of the Beatles' Nowhere Man and Emerson Lake & Palmer's From the Beginning.
 Unsafe At Any Speed is an album by Long Island New York rock band Vaeda. It was recorded by the band during the time they were part of the Playtyme record label but the band petitioned release from them before the album could be released. Almost one whole year later the album was released via iTunes for $9.99. Vaeda are currently on indefinite hiatus and future details on tours and gigs to promote the album are unknown.
 This is an album by the punk band The Undead.
 Ernest Tubb Record Shop is an album by American country singer Ernest Tubb released in 1960 (see 1960 in music). It is named after Tubb's record shop in Nashville.
 Animetal Marathon II: Tokusatsu Collection (アニメタル・マラソンⅡ ～特撮編～ Animetaru Marason Tsū ~Tokusatsu Hen~) is the second album by Japanese heavy metal band Animetal released in 1998. This album focuses on the theme songs of tokusatsu series from the 1970s and 1980s.
 Glory to the Brave is the debut album by the Swedish power metal band HammerFall released in 1997. Despite the fact that the band was formed in 1993 HammerFall performed mostly live music and covers before this album was released. Steel Meets Steel was composed by Oscar Dronjak just before the band was formed and is included on this album. The band signed a deal with the Dutch label Vic Records. Nuclear Blast approached Vic Records and obtained a license deal for the album.
 The Methadones/The Copyrights Split is a split album containing six tracks by The Methadones and six tracks by The Copyrights.
 World Ultimate is the debut album by Los Angeles group the Nonce which was released in 1995. It was entirely self-produced by the group and featured cameo appearances by Aceyalone Butta B Meen Green and Figures of Speech.
 Secret Name is the fourth full-length album by the slowcore group Low. It was their first album on the Kranky record label and their first to be produced by Steve Albini.
 Miles Davis and Milt Jackson Quintet/Sextet also known as Quintet / Sextet and sometimes also Miles Davis and Milt Jacksonis an album which compiles recordings made for Prestige Records on August 5 1955 by Miles Davis. Credited to Miles Davis and Milt Jackson this was an all-star session and did not feature any of the members of Davis's working group of the time (Sonny Rollins Red Garland Paul Chambers and Philly Joe Jones). Jackie McLean only plays on his own compositions.
 Timeless is the eighth studio album from Wet Wet Wet and their first in ten years. The album was released on 12 November 2007. The sleeve artwork is designed by Klaus Voorman who also designed the artwork for The Beatles album Revolver.[1]
 This Crying This Screaming My Voice Is Being Born is the first EP by Delaware band Boysetsfire. It was originally released in 1996 (limited to 1100 copies on 12 vinyl) but due to record label problems it wasn't widely available until 2000.
 Miami Mansions is a 2006 Cex EP released on Rjyan's new Must Finish label consisting primarily of remixed Maryland Mansions songs. This was released under the name Celebrity DJ Cexwell with the catalog number MFIX0800. It was sold through his online journal and is limited to 100 copies.
 Protest is the second solo album by Bunny Wailer originally released in 1977 in Jamaica on Solomonic Records and internationally on Island Records.
 Loud is the fifth studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna released in November 2010 by Def Jam Recordings. It was recorded between February and August 2010 during the singer's Last Girl on Earth Tour and the filming of her first feature film Battleship. Rihanna was the executive producer of the album and worked with many record producers including StarGate Sandy Vee The Runners Tricky Stewart and Alex da Kid.
 Hole is an album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow. It is a limited edition of 500 copies 200 of which were only available for sale in Japan. 50 copies only available through Soleilmoon mailorder and included an additional card and came wrapped in paper.The title Krafft-Ebbings Dick refers to the early German sexologist Richard von Krafft-Ebing (with one b). Krautrock #1 was recorded live in Germany the title refers to the genre of music.
 Torment is the sixteenth album by Zoogz Rift released in December 1989 through SST Records.
 Numbers 1 & 2 is a 1967 album by Lester Bowie featuring a line-up which later became the Art Ensemble of Chicago. It was released on the Nessa label and features performances by Bowie Roscoe Mitchell Malachi Favors and Joseph Jarman.
 Better Luck Next Time is the self-titled release of Third Time's A Charm in Japan. It was released on May 20 2006 by InYa Face Records. The tracklist is identical to that of Third Time's a Charm except for the addition of the original version of Without You as a bonus track.
 Guitarissimo (stylized as guitarissimo) is the debut studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter miwa. The album was released on April 6 2011.The album was originally scheduled to release a week earlier on March 30; however due to the Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami which happened prior to the original release date as well as its after-effects the release date was delayed by a week.
 HYPER GROOVE PARTY is a Folder 5 album released on January 22 2003. It is a collection of mixed shortened versions of their songs.HYPER GROOVE PARTY is the first remix album released by Folder5 that features all the songs that have been done by Folder5. The album reached #12 on the Oricon charts and charted for five weeks selling 24624 copies.
 Teen Spirit is the second studio album by the A-Teens released in 2001 by Stockholm Records in Sweden and MCA Records in the US. It is also their first studio album consisting of original new songs in contrast to their ABBA cover concept debut album The ABBA Generation except one cover called Morning Light which had originally recorded by fellow Swedish singer E-Type.Its thirteen tracks were recorded in Sweden with new producers and hitmakers Grizzly and Tysper among others.
 Anthology is the first compilation album by American rhythm and blues group The Miracles. It was released in 1974 by Motown Records.
 Monster Philosophy is the tenth album by Danish rock band D-A-D. It was released on the November 10 2008. The album was produced by Danish producer Jon Joshua Schumann who has previously produced records for bands as Kashmir Mew and Kent. The basic tracks for the album were recorded over a two-week period in at Shorefire Recording Studios in New Jersey. Overdubs and further post-production took place in Mannsion Studios and Sun Studios in Copenhagen.
 Yo Soy La Bomba is an album by Puerto Rican merenguero Ashley literally meaning I'm The Bomb in Spanish. The debut album went Gold and Platinum in sales.
 Diana Ross & the Supremes – 50th Anniversary: The Singles Collection 1961–1969 is a three disc box set consisting of The Supremes' original-released singles as released by Motown from 1961-1969.
 2012 Light Years from Home is the seventh studio release by Brazilian progressive rock Apocalypse.2012 Light Years from Home was released in The 25th Anniversary Box Set that also has a live CD called Magic Spells a DVD called The 25th Anniversary Concert and a book written by Eliton Tomasi called The 25th Anniversary Book - The Apocalypse History that tells the 25 years band's history.
 One Step Beyond... is the 1979 debut album by the British ska-pop group Madness. It was ranked 90th in a 2005 survey held by British television's Channel 4 to determine the 100 greatest albums of all time. The album peaked at number two and remained in the UK Albums Chart for over a year.
 A Dipset X-Mas is an album by Jim Jones and his ByrdGang music group released on December 5 2006. This album features the remix of Jim Jones' We Fly High.
 Who's Your Momma is the fifth studio album by Dutch pop rock singer Anouk. It was released on 23 November 2007 in the Netherlands and Belgium. It is her first studio album of new material since Hotel New York in December 2004. Who's Your Momma debuted at number one in the Netherlands making it her fifth number one album and fourth debut at the top. The album contains the soul-influenced rock first single Good God.
 We Remember Anarchy 1993–2005 is a retrospective album and final release from the band Havalina. The band released the retrospective only as a digital album in M4A format free for download from their website.The retrospective which is too large to burn to one CD-R has no official break to separate the first and second disc. The release also has no official artwork outside of one image on the band's website.Nineteen of the songs come directly from the band's previous albums.
 D'Kings Men is a compilation album by recording artists of Nigerian record label DB Records released on June 24 2013 by the label and Sony Music. Nigerian recording artist and harmonica player D'banj started working on the album after splitting with his long time business partner Don Jazzy.
 Shangri-La Dee Da is the fifth studio album by Stone Temple Pilots. It was produced by Brendan O'Brien and released on June 19 2001 by Atlantic Records.
 The Chillout Project: A Soundtrack To Modern City Life is the third volume of Anton Ramos' The Chillout Project series.
 You Got My Mind Messed Up is a 1966 album by James Carr.Although Carr is not as well known as his contemporaries such as Otis Redding or Aretha Franklin You Got My Mind Messed Up has been cited as one of the top soul music albums of all time. Allmusic gave it 5 stars from two different reviewers.
 The Essential Byrds is a comprehensive two-CD compilation album released by the American rock band The Byrds in 2003 as part of Sony BMG's The Essential series. The Essential Byrds did not chart in the U.S. or the UK. The 2011 3.0 edition adds a third disc with six additional tracks: “Spanish Harlem Incident” “I Knew I’d Want You” “The World Turns All Around Her” “I See You” “Change Is Now” and “One Hundred Years from Now.”
 Annetenna is the only album of Los Angeles band Annetenna. The album was paid for and recorded for Columbia Records but was shelved because of reorganisation within that company. As such the album was eventually self-released by the band through their website.
 The Beatles' Story is the sixth album by the Beatles in the United States issued on November 23 1964 by Capitol Records in both mono and stereo formats (although the mono was merely a fold-down of the stereo mix).
 Infinity is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label. It was recorded on November 16 1965 but not released until 1981 and features performances by Morgan with a quintet featuring Jackie McLean Larry Willis Reggie Workman and Billy Higgins. The album was reissued on CD in 1998 as a limited edition.
 The first album by Canadian jazz fusion band Metalwood. It won a Juno award for best contemporary jazz album.
 Live in New York was a 2-CD live album released by performance artist Laurie Anderson on Nonesuch Records in 2002. It was her ninth album of new recordings released since 1982.
 The Remix is a remix album by American recording artist Lady Gaga. Released in Japan on March 3 2010 it contains remixes of the songs from her first studio album The Fame (2008) and her third extended play The Fame Monster (2009). A revised version of the tracklist was prepared for release in additional markets beginning with Mexico on May 3 2010. A number of recording artists have produced the songs including Pet Shop Boys Passion Pit and The Sound of Arrows.
 Loc'd Out is rapper Goldie Loc's second solo album which was released by 33rd Street Records on March 15 2005
 Song Sung Blue is an album by American pop singer Johnny Mathis that was released in the fall of 1972 by Columbia Records and featured his renditions of mostly recent chart hits. It made its first appearance on Billboard magazine's Top LP's & Tapes chart in the issue dated October 21 1972 and remained there for 18 weeks peaking at number 83.
 Dusk... and Her Embrace is the second studio album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth. It was released on 19 November 1996 and is their first release on the label Music for Nations.The album was reissued in 2012 by The End Records.
 Secession Makes Post-Modern Music is the first self-produced demo by Italian band Klimt 1918. It was released in 2000.This first release features a heavy and layered gothic sound very atmospheric yet melodic drawing consistent influence from doom metal and reminiscent of Novembre and mid-period Katatonia.
 (Rough and Unreleased) Homemade Recordings is the first extended play by Penny Hill. It was released on 10 November 2010.
 For the album by Chemistry see Second to None (Chemistry album)2nd to None is a collection of songs by American rock and roll icon Elvis Presley.
 This album was the soundtrack for a traveling independent film and has the distinction of containing the first official release from Crooked Fingers Sleep for Sale. This compilation was released by Arena Rock Recording Co. in 1997 and is now out of print.
 Seo Tai Ji is the debut solo studio album by Korean musician Seo Taiji. Although it is the first solo album by Taiji fans refer to it as his fifth (the previous four albums being released with Seo Taiji and Boys). The album was released in 1998 and with no promotion the album sold over a million units before Taiji even returned to South Korea. Videos were made for Take One Take Two and Take Five.
 13 Colorful Character (⑬カラフルキャラクター Jūsan Karafuru Kyarakuta) is the thirteenth studio album by the Japanese girl group Morning Musume. It was released on September 12 2012.
 The Electric Lucifer is an early electronic album by Bruce Haack noted for its originality[citation needed] and innovative use of acid rock and electronic sounds. AllMusic.com describes it as a psychedelic anti-war song cycle about the battle between heaven and hell. Haack used a Moog synthesizer and his own home-built electronics including an early prototype vocoder. It was originally released on LP in 1970 and has been re-mastered and re-released on CD several times.
 One Man Band Man is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist and record producer Swizz Beatz released on August 21 2007 through Full Surface and Universal Motown Records. The album features guest appearances from Drag-On Lil Wayne R. Kelly and Jadakiss. The album's production was handled by Swizz Beatz himself as well as producers such as The Individualz Needlz Nottz Snags Neo Da Matrix Eric McCaine Young World Music.
 Systematic Chaos is the ninth studio album by American progressive metal band Dream Theater. Released on June 4 2007 in the United Kingdom and June 5 2007 in the United States Systematic Chaos was the band's first release through Roadrunner Records which was sold to their previous label Atlantic Records through which the band had released their previous studio album Octavarium (2005).
 Love in the Fascist Brothel is the second and last studio album by San Diego band The Plot to Blow Up the Eiffel Tower released on Revelation Records and Three One G on February 15 2005.
 Liquid Love is a soul/funk influenced hard bop album recorded in 1975 by jazz trumpeter Freddie Hubbard.
 Carla's Christmas Carols is an album of Christmas carols arranged by American composer bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley with bassist Steve Swallow and the Partyka Brass Quintet recorded in France in 2008 and released on the Watt/ECM label in 2009.
 Teen Babes From Monsanto is a 7 song 12 record of cover songs released by Redd Kross in 1984 on Gasatanka Records. This LP has never been reissued but all 7 songs were included on the Australian tour CD Trance.
 Expecting Good Things is an album from Christian duo Jeff & Sheri Easter. It was released on January 26 2010.
 Motograter is the first and so far only album released by the nu metal band Motograter on June 24 2003. Although the album has a total of 22 tracks half of them are short static tracks which are all the names of the tracks reversed. For instance Eman On is a reversed version of No Name and a message can clearly be heard in the last 5 seconds.
 Song of the Bailing Man is the fifth Pere Ubu album and their final work before disbanding for the first extended period. Anton Fier (who would later form The Golden Palominos) replaced Scott Krauss on drums for this album; his only appearance with Pere Ubu. This was the final Pere Ubu album until 1988's The Tenement Year.
 Omaha Sessions is an album released by 311 only on their website in October 1998 which contains re-masterings of highlights from their first three albums: Dammit! Hydroponic and Unity. The majority of these songs predate S.A. Martinez's full-time membership in the band; as such he does not appear as frequently as on later albums.
 Believe is the Christmas studio album from Christian rock band 33Miles. It was released only through Family Christian Stores on October 6 2009 on INO Records. It was packaged with 33Miles' album Today when it released on October 5 2010 and then released on its own to the general public through iTunes on November 9 2010.
 Countdown to Nowhere is the fourth full-length studio album from Allister a pop punk band from Chicago Illinois released in Japan on June 16 2010 and in the U.S. on October 5 2010. It will be the band's first full-length album released in five years and their first album released since the conclusion of their three-year hiatus.A music video for the song Free was released on April 23 2010.
 i is the seventh studio album from the New York-based indie pop band The Magnetic Fields. The songs of the album are connected by their starting with the letter i and are also arranged in alphabetical order.The album ditches many of Stephin Merritt's past synthpop and electropop influences largely being led by guitars and strings.
 The Winner in Me is the 2nd solo contemporary Gospel album (fourth overall) by former SWV member Coko.
 BarlowGirl is the self-titled debut album from the Christian pop/rock band BarlowGirl. The album was released on February 24 2004 on Fervent Records.The album hit No. 14 on Billboard magazine's Top Heatseekers chart and No. 9 on the Top Christian Albums chart.
 Don't Go 2 Sleep is a compilation EP by Makaveli and Daz Dillinger. The EP has eight tracks. There are two other (bootleg) versions of the EP but the original has only eight tracks. It was released December 24 2001 on D.P.G. Recordz. The tracks were recorded at the Death Row Records between 1995-96 for Tupac's and Boot Camp Clik's project One Nation. Later when Daz left Death Row he stole an unknown amount of Tupac's unreleased masters some of which can be heard on this EP.
 Pan-orama was Flash and the Pan's first compilation album and contained songs from their previous three albums.
 Originators of the Northern Darkness is a tribute album to the Norwegian black metal band Mayhem with contributions from some of the leading bands in the black metal and death metal scene. All the songs were recorded between 1998 and 2000 in various locations and the album was released on CD in 2001 by Avantgarde Music. In addition to the regular CD a limited edition CD in black leather was also released. The album was re-released on digipack CD in 2007 by Peaceville.
 Breadline is a single from American thrash metal band Megadeth's eighth studio album Risk. The remix single was released in Japan as an EP.
 Further is the first full-length album from New Jersey heavy metal band Solace. This album's cover art was done by Heavy metal art veteran Wes Benscoter and is entitled Midnight Mass 2.Recorded by Eric Rachel at Trax East Studios (birthplace of albums from such New Jersey bands as Skid Row and The Misfits) Further was quickly hailed as an important addition to the independent Doom and Stoner Metal movements.
 Are You Ready is the tenth studio album by Blue Rodeo whose first single was Rena.
 Drift released December 9 2008 is the debut solo album by Sister Hazel's lead singer and acoustic guitarist Ken Block.
 Anni-Frid Lyngstad was a compilation album released by EMI in 1972 after Lyngstad had had her first Svensktoppen number one Min Egen Stad a Swedish language version of the Hep Stars track It's Nice To Be Back Again.
 Don't Sweat the Technique is the fourth studio album by American hip hop duo Eric B. & Rakim released on June 23 1992 by MCA Records. Their final album as a duo it was recorded and produced by Eric B. & Rakim at The Hit Factory in New York City. The album builds on the sounds of 1990's Let the Rhythm Hit 'Em with Rakim sounding more aggressive on Eric B.'s jazzy soulful production.The album debuted at number 22 on the Billboard 200 chart in the week of July 11 1992.
 Sóknardalr is the debut studio album by Norwegian black metal band Windir. It was released in April 1997 through the Head Not Found record label.
 Hakai is the first studio album from Wagdug Futuristic Unity and was released on July 23 2008. The album is the follow-up to the 2007 EP Nu Riot. The song with Justice is a remake of their most popular song Waters of Nazareth. Another track from the album Systematic People was released as a single and also used as the opening theme for the anime series Kurozuka.
 Guru's Jazzmatazz Vol. 3: Streetsoul is the third entry in the Jazzmatazz series from Guru of Gang Starr.
 Vixen is the third studio album released by Gloria Jones in 1976. This album features songs written by Marc Bolan as well as the only two confirmed Bolan and Jones co-writes High and Cry Baby. It also features an updated version of Tainted Love which Gloria originally recorded in 1965.
 Thelonious Himself is a 1957 album by Thelonious Monk and his first to consist of exclusively solo material including 'Round Midnight Monk's most famous composition. The original CD reissue includes a revelatory 22 minutes of 'Round Midnight outtakes ideas and development. The Keepnews Collection edition omits this sequence.
 Third Strike is the third solo studio album by recording artist Tinchy Stryder and his second studio album with Universal Island Records. It was released on 15 November 2010. Prior to the release of Third Strike Stryder featured on the grime collective Roll Deep's first compilation album Street Anthems which was released on 19 October 2009. Third Strike was preceded by a free downloadable extended play (EP) III EP.
 A Burnt Offering for the Bone Idol is the second album by British folk metal group Skyclad released in 1992.
 Best of the Cowboy Junkies is a 2001 greatest hits compilation of Cowboy Junkies' songs recorded for RCA Records. It was compiled by the label without the band's authorization or approval[citation needed] and most Internet fansites advise that the album should consequently be boycotted by fans.
 Don't Give Me Names is the second album by the German band Guano Apes released in 2000. It includes the singles Big in Japan (a cover of the Alphaville song) No Speech Living in a Lie and Dödel Up.The album was certified gold in Germany and in Switzerland.
 Clear is the second studio EP by American progressive metal band Periphery. It was released on January 28 2014. This EP is an experimental work for the band: aside from the intro track each member of Periphery has composed a track and cover the role of creative director of that track.Jake Bowen stated:Clear is an experiment to explore all of the different writing styles in the band. It's rare when you have a band where every member is capable of writing and producing music.
 The Empires Of The Worlds is the follow-up album to Eight Moons and is the second album from the British metal band Biomechanical. It was released in 2005 on Earache Records
 Come of Age is the second studio album by London band The Vaccines which was released on 3 September 2012. It follows their debut album What Did You Expect from The Vaccines? released the previous year. It was produced by Ethan Johns and reached number one in the UK.The album's title comes from a line in the song No Hope.
 Rhinestone Cowboy Live on the Air & in the Studio is made up of songs performed on the TV show Melody Ranch around 1967 tracks from My Hits and Love Songs (1999) plus some previously unreleased tracks (that have however been released on quite a few compilation albums since 1995) on the first disc a selection of songs from Glen Campbell Live (1981) on the second and a complete reissue of Glen Campbell Live! His Greatest Hits (1994) on the third disc.
 Softcore Jukebox released on 7 October 2003 is a compilation put together by the members of Ladytron and showcases many different genres from rock to hip-hop. It also includes two songs performed by Ladytron - the single remix of Blue Jeans renamed Blue Jeans 2.0 and a cover of Tweet's Oops Oh My. The compilation's cover features Helen Marnie and Mira Aroyo of Ladytron.
 In Trunks Now is the 2005 debut album by Punjabi-American Southern Rap artist DEEP. It was released on DEEP's Independent Da 1 Records. A Clean version and a Chopped and Screwed version of the album was also released. The album featured 3 tracks that had Punjabi fused with Dirty South Hip Hop.
 The Five Perfect Exertions / War Ensemble is the debut Extended Play released by Army of the Pharaohs in 1998.The original incarnation of the group included five MCs: Vinnie Paz Chief Kamachi 7L & Esoteric Virtuoso and Bahamadia along with Jedi Mind Tricks producer Stoupe the Enemy of Mankind. The group released their debut EP/single The Five Perfect Exertions b/w War Ensemble in 1998.
 Kui mind enam ei ole (When I'm not around anymore) is a compilation album by Estonian rock musician Urmas Alender titled after one of the most loved songs by Alender. It is simply compiled of songs from Kogutud teosed. 1968-1980. Esimene osa. and Kogutud teosed. 1981-1993. Teine osa..
 Live for You is the debut album of Christian pop singer Rachael Lampa released in 2000 on Word Records. It debuted at #2 on Billboard Magazine's Top Heatseeker's Album chart and #6 on SoundScan's Top Current Contemporary Christian album chart.
 I Feel a Song is a studio album recorded by American R&B group Gladys Knight & the Pips released in November 1974 on the Buddah label. It was the their third overall album for Buddah.The first single release I Feel a Song (In My Heart) reached #1 R&B and #21 on the Billboard Hot 100. The B-side Don't Burn Down the Bridge also charted as a tag-along on the pop chart. A second single Love Finds Its Own Way also charted peaking at #47 pop and #3 R&B.
 Free Fall Into Fear is the fourth album by the Norwegian black/gothic metal band Trail of Tears.
 The New Continent is an album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie's Big Band featuring performances arranged and composed by Lalo Schifrin and conducted by Benny Carter recorded in 1962 and released on the Limelight label. The CD reissue added four bonus tracks originally released on An Electrifying Evening with the Dizzy Gillespie Quintet (Verve 1961).
 The 7th Song Enchanting Guitar Melodies (Archives Vol. 1) is a 2000 album by guitarist Steve Vai. It is his first compilation album but unlike a standard greatest hits or best of album all of the songs on it (save for the three new tracks and the hidden track) can be found on one of Vai's previous albums as the 7th track. The 7th track on each of his albums is meant to be the most emotional and well articulated piece on the album.
 Star Collection is a German compilation album released in 1973. It includes songs from Iron Butterfly's first and third album: Heavy and Ball.
 Brindo con el Alma was the 14th album recorded by vallenato singer Diomedes Diaz in 1986 featuring accordion player Cocha Molina.1. Sin Medir Distancias2. Los Sabanales3. Ayúdame A Quererte4. El Inventario5. Cuando Me Voy6. Brindo Con El Alma7. Señora Caracas8. Pasajeros De La Vida9. Sin Ti10. La Dueña De Mi Canto11. Morenita
 Portraits is the second studio album by Christian metalcore band For Today released on June 9 2009. The album charted on three of Billboard's charts; No. 14 on Top Heatseekers No. 15 on Christian Albums and No. 40 on Top Independent Albums.
 Night of the Stormrider is American heavy metal band Iced Earth's second full-length album. It is a concept album centered around an idea that was created by the band's frontman Jon Schaffer. Night of the Stormrider is the only album featuring lead singer John Greely (who was later fired) and drummer Rick Secchiari.
 Father's Day is the debut studio album from American hip hop artist Father MC released in 1990 on Uptown Records and distributed through MCA Records.
 Straight Ahead is a live album by drummer Art Blakey and The Jazz Messengers recorded at the Keystone Korner in San Francisco in 1981 and released on the Concord Jazz label.
 Mondo Sex Head is a remix album by Rob Zombie containing remixes of the tracks of various past albums both by Zombie and his former band White Zombie. It was curated and executive produced by Jason Bentley. The original cover art depicted Zombie's wife Sheri Moon Zombie. It caused controversy and was replaced by the image of a cat. Rob Zombie explained I never thought it would be a problem since it seemed tame to me... but it was. No one would carry the CD.
 En Vivo Desde Chicago (Eng.: Live From Chicago) is the title of a live album released by duranguense ensemble Grupo Montéz de Durango. This album became their first number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums.
 Sunset Blvd. is the debut LP by Detroit-based hip hop duo Yancey Boys (Illa J and Frank Nitt) released on October 29 2013 by Yancey Media Group in conjunction with Delicious Vinyl and distributed through Traffic Entertainment Group.The record is built around a recently unearthed batch of music created by Illa J's late elder brother James J Dilla Yancey.
 Back 2 Base X is the fifth studio album by American punk rock band Hed PE. Released on June 6 2006 it is the band's first release on Suburban Noize.
 The Man from Snowy River: Arena Spectacular is a musical by David Atkins and Ignatius Jones based on the poem The Man from Snowy River written by Banjo Paterson.All poetry narrated in the musical was written by Banjo Paterson including Waltzing Matilda (for which the music was written by M.
 Souvenirs is a studio album by the progressive bluegrass band Country Gentlemen released in 1995.
 Goodbye To The Age of Steam is the debut studio album by the English progressive rock band Big Big Train. It was released in 1994 by Giant Electric Pea. On the official BBT website Spawton has revealed that much of the album was about how people lose their way in their lives; about the tightrope we all walk every day. The album title wasn't linked to this but it conveyed a feeling of pathos which fitted the mood of the songs.
 Skambankt is the self-titled first album by norwegian hard rock band Skambankt. Several of the songs from the band's 1994 demo were recorded for the album as well as the songs they recorded while being an Urørt band. All the track names have an exclamation mark after them complimenting the band's aggressive style.All lyrics are in the norwegian language.
 Coming Down Your Way is the thirteenth album by American rock band Three Dog Night released in 1975 (see 1975 in music). It was the last of the band's albums to feature the three founding vocalists (Danny Hutton Chuck Negron and Cory Wells).
 Hey There Bomb is the debut EP by Melbourne rock music group 67 Special released in 2004 (see 2004 in music).The title track Hey There Bomb was given regular airplay on alternative music radio station Triple J.
 Dai 7 Jikkenshitsu is the first major label album of the band Cali Gari. The album has an expressive style that incorporates many different musical components and is not typical visual kei.
 Cliff Craft is an album by American jazz saxophonist Cliff Jordan featuring performances recorded in 1957 and released on the Blue Note label.
 The Wonderful and Frightening World Of... is an album by The Fall released in October 1984. It was the band's first album with the relatively large Beggars Banquet label and was produced by John Leckie. Paul Hanley left the band immediately after the accompanying UK tour ending the group's distinctive twin drummers period. Three older songs were returned to during these sessions.
 Streets I Have Walked is an album by Harry Belafonte released in 1963.
 Eaten Alive is a 1985 album by Diana Ross which reached #45 in the USA #11 in the UK and Australia and the top ten in Switzerland Norway Sweden and the Netherlands. It includes her international hit single Chain Reaction.
 Live Action Sampler was a 2-disc compilation self-released by Sunn O))). It was a free sampler that was sent out to promoters during 2003.
 Free Wired is the third studio album and major label debut of Asian-American group Far East Movement released on October 12 2010 by Cherrytree Records and Interscope Records.The album debuted at number twenty-four on the Billboard 200 with sales of 17000. The album has sold 168000 copies in the US as of January 2012.The first single Like a G6 was released on April 13 2010. It reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100.
 Moog Indigo is the eighth solo album by electronic music pioneer Jean-Jacques Perrey. It was released in 1970 on Vanguard Records an independent label. The ninth song a cover of Beethoven's Turkish March called The Elephant Never Forgets was used as the theme song for El Chavo del Ocho.
 The First Chapter is an EP released by the power metal band Dream Evil.
 'Yves Klein Blue Draw Attention to Themselves' is an EP by Yves Klein Blue released on 1 April 2008 on Dew Process. An EP of the same name had been produced by the band themselves for sale at local shows but was re-recorded and produced by Caleb James a renowned Australian producer. This subsequent re-release saw the band get picked up by Dew Process.
 Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 5 (subtitled Michigan) is a compilation album in the Highs in the Mid-Sixties series featuring recordings that were released in Michigan. Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 6 and Highs in the Mid-Sixties Volume 19 are later volumes that feature bands from this state.
 The Bridge is the second album by Swedish pop music group Ace of Base. It was composed during 1994 and 1995 and released in October 1995. It is the only Ace of Base album to feature sizable contributions of writing production vocals and harmonies by all four band members each having an important part in its creation.
 Last Man Standing is American country music band Ryan Shupe & The RubberBand's fourth studio album. It was released on May 27 2008 on the Montage Music Group label. The album comprises eleven songs all written by lead vocalist and fiddler Ryan Shupe. The band co-produced it with Jason Deere.
 Hala Pionir Beograd is a concert album by the Bosnian singer Halid Bešlić. It was released in 1988. A remastered version named Iz sve snage (With All the Strength) was released in 1998 by Naraton.
 Live at Stubb's is a live album by Matisyahu. It was recorded live at Stubb's in Austin Texas on February 19 2005 under his record label Or Music. The album debuted at #5 on the Billboard Reggae Albums Chart then seven months later it debuted at #176 on the Billboard 200. On the issue of January 7 2006 it reached #1 on the Reggae Albums Chart and on the issue of March 18 2006 it reached #30 on the Billboard 200.
 Breed to Breathe is an EP by the English band Napalm Death released on Earache Records in 1997.The CD also includes a CD-ROM track containing band biography and discography(up to 1997) and four photos and some videos particularly the Breed to Breathe video which was censored or banned everywhere due to its violent content.
 The Duhks is the second studio album by the group The Duhks. It is released under the Sugar Hill Records label.
 No Dice is an album by Badfinger issued by Apple Records and released on 9 November 1970. Their second album under the Badfinger name and third album overall No Dice significantly expanded the British group's popularity especially abroad. The album included both the hit single No Matter What and the song Without You which would become one of the most successful compositions of the rock era.
 Untitled is the debut and only album from the alternative metal band Five Pointe O. The album was released on March 19 2002 via Roadrunner Records. The album's only single Double X Minus received moderate airplay on MTV2's Headbangers Ball and Kerrang! TV.The Infinity was featured on the Resident Evil soundtrack.
 In Live Concert at the Royal Albert Hall is a live double album by Swedish progressive metal band Opeth. The DVD was recorded on April 5 2010. It was released on September 20 2010 in Europe and on September 21 2010 in the rest of the world. The concert was part of the band's Evolution XX: An Opeth Anthology tour made in celebration of their 20th anniversary and was the fourth show of the tour filmed at the prestigious Royal Albert Hall in London UK.
 Bluegrass Album Vol. 6 – Bluegrass Instrumentals is the sixth and final album by bluegrass supergroup Bluegrass Album Band released in 1996. Violinist Bobby Hicks and bassist Todd Philips reunites with the group while Vassar Clements remains in the lineup for this ultimate recording to produce a fantastic double-fiddle sound together with Hicks.Most of the songs are classics by Bill Monroe two are delivered by band's mandolinist Doyle Lawson.
 Light It Up is the third album by the band Stromkern. Released in 2005 by dependent in Europe and WTII Records in the States.
 Laurel Street Demo 2005 is the first full-length album by Tim Barry. It was originally recorded only as a demo but was officially released in the United States on July 4 2006.
 Hikari Nadeshiko (ひかりなでしこ) is the second full length album from Eiko Shimamiya. It includes the hit single Naraku no Hana (opening from the Higurashi no Naku Koro ni Kai).The catalog numbers for this album are: GNCV-1003 for the limited edition with a bonus DVD which will contain the PV for the album title Hikari Nadeshiko and GNCV-1004 for the regular edition (CD only).
 Homecoming is Craig's Brother's first full length album released on May 19 1998 through Tooth & Nail Records.
 WOW Christmas 2011 is the third installment in the WOW Christmas series. It was released on September 27 2011.
 The Hours That Remain is the fourth album released by the band Mercenary but the second through Century Media Records. This is the first album to not include founding member Henrik Kral Andersen. The album blends heavy progressive thrash and melodic death metal with almost all the vocals being clean ones. This was due to the absence of a dedicated unclean vocalist which Mercenary has otherwise employed. Growled vocals would return with Architect of Lies.
 Our Place is the debut album from acclaimed Fly My Pretties band member Adi Dick. It was recorded in his bedroom between August 2006 and January 2007.
 Mind the Acoustic Pieces is the first studio album by Maiden uniteD. It is an all-acoustic reinterpretation of the 1983 Iron Maiden album Piece of Mind with rearranged music for an acoustic setting
 The Best of Rossa is a greatest hits album by Indonesian pop singer Rossa. It released on November 30 2011 by Trinity Optima Production. The album compiled eleven songs from seven previous studio albums with three newest songs Jangan Ada Dusta Diantara Kita Tak Sanggup Lagi and One Night Lover. In marketing this album Rossa and the record label working with KFC that this album circulated in all KFC stores in Indonesia.
 White is the soundtrack to the film Three Colors: White by Polish composer Zbigniew Preisner and performed by Silesian Philharmonic choir along with Sinfonia
 The Real Me is the debut album by the Filipino actress Bea Alonzo. It was released on 2008 by Star Records.
 Velvet City is the second studio album by American rap supergroup Latino Velvet. It was released May 23 2000 on Celeb. Entertainment. The group is composed of Jay Tee Baby Beesh Frost and Don Cisco. The album was produced by Bosko Dee 4 Ferg Massive and Philly Blunt. It features several guest performers including: E-40 Levitti Rappin' 4-Tay D.B.A. and Candi of The Mary Jane Girls. D.B.A.
 Alive... in Poland is a live album by the Italian black/speed metal band Bulldozer released in 1990.
 'Alder Masters' was an unfinished album by My American Heart and was only available by download through the lead singer's blog. In 2010 he posted two more songs by the band (Heart Attack & Shine Your Light). The last two songs the band ever released presumably to be part of the unreleased album. Alder Masters was never finished due to the band losing their record deal.
 Miriam Greatest Hits (Chinese: 千嬅盛放) is Cantopop artist Miriam Yeung's (Chinese: 楊千嬅) seventh Compilation album. It was released by Go East on 4 December 2009.The package includes 3 CDs that includes forty-one Miriam's greatest hits from 1996 to 2006. The package also include a DVD with twelve music videos.
 Chester & Lester is a collaborative album by guitarists Chet Atkins and Les Paul released in 1976.It was recorded in the mid-1970s when Chet was in his fifties and Les in his sixties. Chet coaxed Les out of his decade-long retirement for this recording. The liner notes state there is very little overdubbing and the majority of the album was live in the studio.Chester & Lester peaked at No. 11 on Billboard's Country album chart and No. 172 on the Pop album chart. It peaked at No.
 Skeleton Farm marks the second of three compilation albums issued by Cornbugs. It draws into unreleased material as well as tracks from their out of print albums.
 The Big Bang – The Essential Collection is a compilation album by the Norwegian hard rock band TNT released in 2003. The compilation mainly focuses on the studio albums the band released in the 1980s from TNT (1982) to Intuition (1989). Guitarist Ronni Le Tekrø had suggested for the inclusion of several tracks from the 1992 album Realized Fantasies however only the single Downhill Racer was included.
 I Am a Small Wooden Statue on a Patch of Crabgrass Next to a Dried Up Riverbed is an EP by Horse the Band. It was recorded during Summer 2001 at Love Juice Studios in Riverside CA. About 300 copies were given out at local shows with varying covers.
 Go Figure is a 1991 album by Spirit of the West. It was the band's first rock album and their first with drummer Vince Ditrich.The album was a breakthrough success with Canadian fans of alternative rock although it was controversial among the band's traditional folk music fan base. The album includes a rock rendition of Political one of the band's best known songs.
 The Remixes is a double-disc remixes compilation album by Australian pop–dance singer Dannii Minogue. It was released by Mushroom Records on 3 November 1998 in Australia. Since the compilation was a budget release it was ineligible to chart on the Australian albums chart.
 Rounds is the third full length album by British electronic musician Four Tet released on 5 May 2003 by Domino Recording Company.
 Pebbles Volume 4 is a compilation album in the Pebbles series that has been issued in both LP and CD formats. Unlike other volumes in the series – which compile obscure garage rock and psychedelic rock music – Volume 4 collects rare examples of surf rock. The LP is subtitled Summer Means Fun while the CD is subtitled Surf N Tunes. Another Pebbles Volume 4 was issued on CD a few years earlier by ESD Records and has completely different tracks.
 Less Is More is an acoustic music studio album by Marillion released on the band's own label on 2 October 2009. A retail version is distributed by Edel Music. It contains re-arranged songs from the period that Steve Hogarth has been their singer (since 1989) plus the previously unreleased track It's Not Your Fault.
 Moondance is the third solo album by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison. It was released on 28 February 1970 by Warner Bros. Records and peaked at #29 on Billboard's Pop Albums chart.The album's musical style blends R&B folk rock country rock and also jazz (most obviously on the title track).The single released was Come Running with Crazy Love as the B-side which peaked at #39 on the Pop Singles chart.
 Best of Times is the third studio album released by the English band My Sad Captains on March 17 2014 through Bella Union Records. The album was recorded in London and mixed by Larry Crane in Portland (OR). A single 'Goodbye' was released on January 29 with a video directed by Dan Davis featuring Vincent Meehan (aka Lavinia Co-op).
 Lagi Sedih is the sixth studio album Indonesia's Slank musical group. Which was released in 1997. Contains 16 songs with the song Tonk Kosong as the hits singles of this album. Named Lagi Sedih because in making this album Slank abandoned three personnel (Pay Bongky Indra Qadarsih) who chose to pull out of this group.
 Boys and Girls is the sixth studio solo album by Bryan Ferry the former lead vocalist for Roxy Music the album is his first solo studio album since the second demise of Roxy Music in 1983. The album was released in 1985 by EG Records. The remains Ferry's only number 1 solo album in the UK and contains two UK top 40 hit singles.
 I Hear Black is the sixth studio album by thrash metal band Overkill in 1993 on Atlantic Records. It was the band's first to feature drummer Tim Mallare.
 Back to the Wall is a recording by American folk and blues guitarist Peter Lang released in 1978. It is out of print.
 Pyramid Landing (and Other Favorites) is the debut album from Robert Schneider's solo project Marbles containing songs written and performed usually in their entirety by Schneider on his 4-track recorder.
 Epicus Doomicus Metallicus is the debut album of the Swedish doom metal band Candlemass. It was released June 10 1986 on Black Dragon Records. On its release the album had a significantly different sound than other European heavy metal bands of the time because of their use of operatic vocals mixed over slow and heavy guitar riffs. The album did not sell well on its initial release which led to the group being dropped from the label during the same year.
 Wild Rover is an album by The Dubliners that was released in 2011. The album charted at No.55 in Ireland
 Love Never Fails is the debut studio album by English singer Jahméne Douglas. It was released in the United Kingdom through RCA Records on 22 July 2013. The album consists entirely of cover versions. The lead single Titanium (originally by David Guetta and Sia) reached number 94 on the UK Singles Chart. The album sold 18904 copies in its first week and debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart.
 Vive la Historia (English: Live the history) is a live album by Mexican pop singer Yuri. It was released in 2007. It sold more than 100000 earning Gold and Platinum disc.
 Duke Ellington at the Bal Masque is an album by American pianist composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded in 1958 and released on the Columbia label.
 Mekanïk Kommandöh is an album by French Progressive rock group Magma. It was recorded in 1973 but not released until 1989. The album consists of an early version of the band's classic record Mekanïk Destruktïw Kommandöh (1973). Unlike the final released version this alternate take features a more raw stripped-down mix that pushes the drums upfront and does not contain the horns and other melodic instruments. At the time Magma's record label refused to publish this version.
 Sketches from an American Journey is an album by David Arkenstone released in 2002. It is inspired by the natural landscapes of the United States. There is far less focus on synthesizers than on most other Arkenstone releases. Piano and an orchestra are featured prominently throughout the album.The album was re-released by Domo Records in 2010.
 Busy Body is the third studio album by American R&B/soul singer Luther Vandross released in 1983 (see 1983 in music). It was certified platinum by the RIAA in January 1985.
 Journey to Jerusalem - 900 Years of Crusade (1095–1995) is album by Ensemble Renaissance released in 1995 on the Al Segno label in Germany. It is Renaissance's 12th album. Theme of the album is music of the Crusades the central event of the medieval history. Heroic feats in the Holy Land laments over one's master's death longing for the beloved in the homeland – became favourite subjects of medieval lyrical poetry.
 The Natural Bridge is the second full-length studio album by indie-rock group the Silver Jews. Released in 1996 as an LP and CD on Drag City (DC101) in America and Domino (WIG28) in Europe The Natural Bridge was engineered and mixed by Michael Deming and Thom Monahan and features cover art by Mike Flood.
 1001 is the first release on a major record label by Tempe Arizona based rock group Dead Hot Workshop. It was released in 1995 and was described as mix of country folk and rock influences such as Neil Young Allman Brothers Bob Dylan Johnny Cash Waylon Jennings. In 2005 1001 was included in the East Valley Tribune's Top 25 albums by Valley Bands a list that included albums from bands such as The Refreshments Jimmy Eat World the Gin Blossoms and the Meat Puppets.
 A Tear for the Ghetto is the second album released by the hip-hop duo Group Home. Released June 1 1999 on Replay Records the album featured one hit single Make It In Life which made to #16 on the Hot Rap Singles and production by The Alchemist Agallah Guru DJ Premier and group member Lil' Dap.
 One Road is the debut album by first-season New Zealand Idol winner Ben Lummis released in New Zealand on 16 June 2004.
 En vivo desde el Teatro Real (Live from the Royal Theater) is a live album by Paco de Lucía recorded on February 18 1975 at the Teatro Real in Madrid Spain. He was accompanied by his brother Ramón de Algeciras on stage.
 The first EP by Soap&Skin was released on September 26 2008.
 All Money Is Legal (A. M. I. L.) is the debut album by Amil. The album debuted at number forty-five on the US Billboard 200 chart with first-week sales of 29000 copies. Lyrically Amil impressed many of her fans with the song Smile 4 Me where she turns her personal struggles into a heartfelt rhyme. On I Got That featuring Beyoncé Amil raps about independent women who do not need men to help them in life. Labelmate Jay-Z adds his lyrical parts on a number of songs including the male vs.
 Killer Love is the debut studio album by American singer Nicole Scherzinger former lead singer of The Pussycat Dolls. It was released from March 18 2011 by Interscope Records in association with its affiliated record labels. Scherzinger had been working on a solo album since 2005 under the title Her Name Is Nicole and was originally due for release in 2007. However unsuccessful singles and poor timing led the project being pushed back numerous times into 2008 and 2009.
 Count Your Blessings is the debut album by British deathcore band Bring Me the Horizon. The album was released on 30 October 2006 in the United Kingdom then in the United States nearly a year later on 14 August 2007.
 Trash Yéyé is an album by Benjamin Biolay released in 2007.
 Ruby Vroom was Soul Coughing's 1994 debut album. The album's sound is a mixture of sample-based tunes (loops of Raymond Scott's Powerhouse on Bus to Beelzebub Toots and the Maytals Howlin' Wolf The Andrews Sisters and The Roches on Down to This and a loop of sampler player Mark De Gli Antoni's orchestral horns on Screenwriter's Blues among others).
 Trust Electricity Is the debut album by American band The Upsidedown.The album has received national attention in several newspapers and magazines including Magnet [1] The Boston Globe [2] and The Oregonian [3]. Music from Trust Electricity has also been featured on the television programs What About Brian Fast Inc and Trauma (TV series).
 Friends Seen and Unseen is a studio album by Charlie Hunter Trio released in 2004. The Trio is composed of Charlie Hunter playing 8-string guitar John Ellis - various wind instruments and Derrek Phillips - drums. The title Friends Seen and Unseen refers to the standard sermon opening used by carnival worker turned radio evangelist Prophet Omega (Omega Townsend) in his broadcasts from the 1970s.
 Larger Than Life is the second album by American pop singer Jody Watley released in 1989 (see 1989 in music).
 Róka Hasa Rádió is the fourth full-length album from Hungarian avant-garde metal group Thy Catafalque. It is a concept album about the relationship between the ever evolving solid and massive physical matter and the fragileness of humans and all living spirits throughout distant childhood memories and scientific explanations of nature.
 Clan of Xymox is Clan of Xymox's eponymous 1985 debut album and their first release on the 4AD label (CAD503 CAD503CD GAD503CD).The album was produced by 4AD co-founder Ivo Watts-Russell and recorded at Palladium Studios in Edinburgh.
 Crwn Thy Frnicatr is Psyclon Nine's third studio album released on October 23 2006 by US label Metropolis Records and on November 10 2006 by German label NoiTekk. On the cover of the album are the words All those who stand before me shall be judged.
 Night Drive (alternatively known as Original Motion Picture Soundtrack IV) is the third studio album by Chromatics released in 2007 on the Italians Do It Better record label. The label reissued an analogue remaster of the album as a Deluxe Edition in 2010 on both CD and double LP formats. A limited print run of the double LP was pressed on colored vinyl: blue for Sides A and B and red for Sides C and D.
 DIP Presents the Upsetter is an album by The Upsetters released in 1975.
 Whatever's Right was a 1969 album by Lonnie Mack.
 Psalm is an album by ex-Iona drummer Terl Bryant released in 1993.
 Sarò libera is the second solo studio album from Emma Marrone published on September 20 2011 by the record Universal. The album is preceded by the homonymous single Sarò Libera released September 2 2011 and subsequently certified Gold disc.The album reached the highest position as the #43 Switzerland in the Swiss Music Charts remaining there for eight weeks and came straight to Number 1 in Italy with the two versions.
 Rock Starve is The Bags' debut album. Though preceded by early releases of Try It and Egg — songs found on the multiple-artist compilation Crawling from Within — this album features re-recorded versions.
 Celtic Solstice is an album by Paul Winter released in 1999 through the record label Living Music. In 2000 the album earned him a Grammy Award for Best New Age Album.
 Garden of Remembrance is the third album released by Oneiroid Psychosis. It was their only album released on Nilaihah Records. It features guest appearances by Kristy Venrick of The Azoic and Shikhee of Android Lust.
 The Private Press is the second full-length studio album by DJ Shadow released on June 2 2002 on MCA. Although not as critically well-received as his 1996 debut breakthrough Endtroducing..... The Private Press still received widespread acclaim.
 Solo Acoustic Vol. 2 is a live album by American singer/songwriter Jackson Browne released in 2008 (see 2008 in music). It reached number 4 on Billboard's Top Independent Albums and Top Internet Albums charts.
 Radio Wayne is the second studio album by actor and comedian Wayne Brady. It is also his first full-length children's music album his second Disney-labeled album after his recording of The Tiki Tiki Tiki Room for the Disney Music Block Party (2008) compilation and his third children's album appearance after Marlo Thomas & Friends: Thanks & Giving All Year Long and Disney Music Block Party. The album's title was inspired by the radio network Radio Disney.
 Hats Off to the Bull is the sixth studio album by the American rock band Chevelle released on December 6 2011. The first single Face to the Floor was released on October 10 2011. On February 16 2012 Chevelle made it official that Hats Off to the Bull would be the second single off this album.On November 29 2011 Hats Off to the Bull was premiered on Revolver Magazine.
 A Bell Is a Cup ... Until It Is Struck is the fifth studio album by the British post-punk group Wire.
 A Revelation For Despair is the debut album by Australian hard rock band Behind Crimson Eyes. It was recorded at Sing Sing South South Yarra and Sing Sing Richmond in Melbourne Australia. The lead single is Shakedown. The second single released from the album is You've Had Your Chance.
 Rock America by Nick Gilder was released in 1980 on the Casablanca Records label.
 Global Chillage is the second album by The Irresistible Force released in 1994 through Rising High Records.
